Sunday Call
New Year's EditionTHE VOYAGE OF
THE CORDELIA HEALD
Tfc» Ccrflrlia Heald lp a rturdy V"-m.
,\r.<i corxi. strong rihs ha." t-h».
.A former built her in his tack >ar«1
Ar.d then rut o'^t to sea.
Kull-'.uany a month this larvisr^an EailM.
Wnh hie mate, a tsrrrpr. tec:
They managed the boat ju.-» like a j.iow.
These two of a. kind!}- ere?..
But the shhj pjie v.-as s> v.ordrcus wise.
Shs would not steer nor hail.
She driftf-d homeward. - wile a day.
And thereby hang-* this tale.
FROM the life of a farmer sov.-jng
grain amid the ponty valleys of
California, a calm. t;ui*»t life,
where one day is the count erparc
of the preceding one. to the sale
breezes and surging waves that consti
tute the life of a sea ca;»tain is a poetic
flight— according to how yen look a: it.
It may be as well to stay a farmer ami
invent harvesting machines that seli for
5150 each. But if you are Joins as well
as that you -will want to get rich quicker,
and why not get there by water as any
other way? At least that is the opinion
of Captain John L. Heald. ex-farmcr and
inventor, and master of the steam tlredge.
three-masted schooner Cordelia Heald, a
contrary-minded, wishbone-shaped little
craft-
The wish for gold was the reason for
the captain deserting the peaceful life
<'f the handlers of the hoe and the plow
and incidentally the beginning of the
btnrdy Cordelia, whose mission v.-as lo go
gold-dredging in >Jome. She and the
captain deciued that to go to sea it way
not really necessary to have training or
experience as a navigator, or even to be
thoroughly proof against seasickness So
as soon as Cordelia was finished— and her
construction. which has «-:ince been
through so much tlriftinj? and steeling,
showed that a man nif.y be a farmer 'anil
KtfU know how lo buiid a boat that is
rtroT.c-^.e turned: her piratical looking
. nose northward— bound for St. Michael—
o:i August 24. 1500. On this voyage the
jaecond skipper 5n command was the wife
of the agricultural captain, for whom the
craft is named. The little woman had
piuck. considering that the sea dog in
command scarcely knew port from star
board, &nd that the Cordelia ' Heald
v.-culd not Fleer except when It suited her
— a courrc which she has kept evenly
ever since. ' .
!t wbs about a hundred miles forward
v.hcn the wind was chasing along behind
them, anfi airy: a hundred miles back
ward v.hcr; it blockaded tha way ahead
cf them. It v.-.-js a terrible experience,
and they were driven back each time
they rtacbc-il t 1 '? C iuTiWa River. Fln
j«I1v. rn Datmbfr 21. IPOO. ft was found
that tho hundred miles backward had
been gaining r.n tlitm and the vessel was
discovered to be just <fT San Pedro and
ready to stay th^re. which was done.
Mrs. lleald'liad enoueh of marine house
lrccp'r.g by this time and" vacated the
cabin, grcirp to Los Armeies to live.
The amateur captain put the boat In
•winirr qvartcrs and went to studying
books on navigation, and reminiscencing
about the time, to be counted by hours,
that he had srent on the water when a
lad. Then when the summer rolled
around again the sturdy little sea-tosssr
—a boat of S3 tons and 73 feet in length
—sailed for the Klcmath River on July
22. 1901, to dredge for gold, and, as It
turned out, to have four months of wind
and sea, of storm and calm, and to re
turn to the Golden Gate without having
entered the Klamath and with two men
to whom the sea has been kind In send
ing them back alive. For the Cordelia
Keald had her way. drifted when she
pleased, and sailed when the wind was
so that, she could not help it. Now she
is kicking up her heels over in Oakland
Creek and wondering If next spring,
when she again will combat the change
ful waters of the ocean in another at
tempt to r<?ach the Klamath River, she
will have a master who is s«3 reminiscent
of his farmer life as to tell her to "lay
to" when he means for her to "go
ahead."
It is bad enough to be a captain, but it
is worse to be the first and second mate,
the pilot, the cook and the crew; all
hands rolled into one man, and a rather
small man, too. A. A. Platt, formerly a
fruit grower near Los Angeles, has filled
all these berths at once on the Cordelia
...
Heald, ana still he swears that the sturdy
craft Is the finest sea boat afloat, except
that "she can't sail and she won't steer."
He had to work sixteen hours a day,
and It was a "heave ho" sort of time ■with
him at first, for the eea acted as If it
knew he was a landlubber, and even his
own cooking made him sick. He was chief
cook and bottle washer, and. about the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
only thing he did not have to wash was
his clothes, and those he never got time
to change. He had about as much Idea of
making bread as he did of sailing a boat,
but how:t^ould any one make even hard
tack when they had nothing but sea
water to mix it with? So it happened that
the first loaf made by the jolly tar was
consigned to the ocean at once, and he
Bays he saw the fishes playlner marbles
with It several times afterward.
The next worst Jpb, after playing sailor,
of course, was washing dishes. For that
sea water must be piping hot and needs
a ruinous amount of soap in order to
make It efficacious.
Platt is a little man,, with a Jolly twinkle
in his eye. and wears a nautical looking
The Strangest Craft That Ever Put to Sea,
Manned by jhe Oddest Crew,
And Met With the Queerest,of Adventures.
cap with a good deal of knowingness. He
is a bachelor, and his idea of home la not
the cabin of a home-made schooner. He
was after gold when he started on the
trip. .He knows a few things now that
he didn't know then, and when the Cor-
della sails again next summer for the sold
fields she will go without him. She Is too
rapid and hard to control, he says. If
they would give him ;5000 ho would prefer
after this to make the journey by land.
He remembers the trip as a vast expanse
of -work, with a little sleep thrown In. But
It Is over now, and he is the sort of a man
to remember the pleasant things, and
when he takes another tack be all the bet
ter for his varied experiences.
There was not all comedy, however, in
this search for the sands of gold, and
Captain Heald Is as glad as any lands
man could well be to be back on terra
flrma again, and It does his heart good
to hear the song of the birds and see th«
crass springing? up among the hills. He
looks more like an old salt than he ever
did before, and he certainly knows more
about the sort of man a real old salt
should be. But h« Is going to have that
gold, and he is going to have the CordfeLj*
Heald take him to get it. for he sp€nt
J3O.0CO in building her for that purpose.
And he has as much obstinacy as she and
regards her as the finest vessel of her
class to keep afloat most anywhere in the
sea. notwithstanding that he never had
such a four months in his life as thos«
just spent.
"Now, I'll tell you," he says, confi
dentially, with a stroke of his whiskers
and a tug at his sou-wester, "you've got
to have a mighty good imagination to
think you're on a steamer when you're
on board of the Cordelia Heald. She's
fitted for steam all right, but it has never
been used, and I begin to think now that
a landlubber like me, who didn't know
the fo-castle from the poop, would not
nave made much show with a lot of
valves and whistles. If you don't know
how to run up a sail just right it won't
explode on you! But. I tell you. the Cor
delia is about « s good a sea boat as th«r 9
Is afloat. She's got steel ribs closer to
gether than th» whalebones in a wom
an's stays, though her sides am not more
than two inches through.
"From the time we left San Pedro on
July 22. 1001. till now. never bnt one or
two seas broke over us. and she is as dry
ns a bone. When we left San Pedro it
ww wlth * «ww list or four men. Ona of
them was a navigator, something that I
thought ft might b» handy to hare
around, seeing as most cf my na-rfyatiny
had be«n don© In a bath tub, He was a
Blue Noae from Nova Scotia, by name
Moctler. TT»« Cordelia thought he knew
too much. J think, for she humped up h«r
-ieck and acted kind of cantankerous, and
when we g-ot-to Port Harford the navi
gator eot up nome excuse about bis health
and left me.
"That left It to me to run the ship.
"I had then a crew of two besides my
self, George Moseley. a youny sailor, a
good lad of about 25, whom I hired «j
Continued on Page Three.Knot Coiled Low Is the Popular Mode
Crowns of Bands of Jewels. Favored by Some
Smart Conceit in MarabGUt Feathers
Something About Butterflies and Flowers
Rosettes of Gauze Ribbons for Young Girls
Smart Fashion in Double Ornaments
*j?1 SMART hair ornament worn with
I I an air of individuality is as much
I I a part of an evening toilet as the
I loriB white gloves my lady draws
on before entering her carriage, or
:he dainty satin slippers with their pretty
leweled buckles peeping from beneath her
long clinging skirt.
Some heads there are that look best
when crowned with bands of jewels, glit
tering tiaras or sparkling aigrettes, and
there are others which are rendered posi
:lvely enchanting when picturesquely
idorned with a simple knot or ribbon or
i pale tinted rose. In the latter case the
srnament is only a detail of the picture
md depends for its effect not so much on
what it is as on how it is worn.
Though the knot colled low in the neck
* the popular mode of •wearing the hair at
present there are still many fashionable
women who prefer high dressing of the
tair for evening, consequently the shops
are showing ornaments suitable for both
styles of coiffure.
Among the smartest conceits Just now
are marabout feathers, usually spangled
»rith rhinestones or pointed gold paillettes,
rhese coft, downy ornaments In white are
exceedingly pretty, sometimes a single
tuft btlrg- worn and, again, three email
jnes are clustered together, forming one
srn&ment.
Then there are roses and choux and deli
cately tinted flowers, with full aigrette
itandlng up, which gives one desired
height. Two large roses with soft white
relvet petals placed back to back had one
of these feathery adjuncts fastened be
rwecn the two flowers. This, ornament is
tspeclally pretty with the hair worn on
»p of the head. Butterflies, bows and
Tobacco-Smoker Who Gets Most Oat of a Good Pipe.
THERE are many pipe smokers who
do not know how to get the best
there is out of their indulgence. The
great point in pipe smoking Is to
inroke slowly. Nervous smokers smoke
too rapidly and burn their tongues with
tot emcke, besides falling entirely to get
the fullest and best flavor out of the to
bacco. It Is all a matter of habit, but
ilow smoking is a habit which it is hard
Tor some smokers to acquire. In some
rases p.pe smokers have tried for years
:o check their smoking epeed without
success. They begin too late, and the
habit of rapid smoking is shaken off with
Sifficulty when It Is once acquired.
Rapid smoking is as bad as rapid eat-
Jng, or worse. It is also "bad form,"
whether it Is cigar, pipe or cigarette.
The smoking- should be deliberate in or
der to get the fullest enjoyment. It Is
sspeciaUy so ivith a pipe. Many persons
have smoked all their lives and yet do
not know how to smoke. It Is as painful
Jo watch some people smoke as it is to
«!t at the table with a man who "gob-
Dies" and "gorges" his food on the "flf
teen-minutes-for-refreshments" plan.
The deliberate pipe smoker gets out of
his pipe an enjoyment of which the rapid
smoker has no inkling. A cigar which
!ias once gone out has its flavor ruined
forever, for nothing Is more obnoxious to
!hc se::se of smell than a newly extin
guished "butt." The beastly persons who
lake their beastly "butts," half lighted
sr newly extinguished. Into the elevated
ind surface cars should have some pun
ishment <*«vised for them— "something hu
morous with boiling oil."
But it makes no difference to the flavor
sf a pipe how many times it goes out.
Fastidious pipe smokers always have at
least two pipes at hand and. never refill
Due until it is entirely cooled off. This
:s a help toward good smoking and a
reasonable life in a pipe. A good way to
ifli if you are smoking too fast is to
told the bowl of the pipe in your hand.
If it Is too hot to be held with comfort,
ihen you know that your smoking speed
A STUDY IN HAIR ORNAMENTS.
birds of old rose or Brussels point Jace,
invisibly wired to rest against or hover
over the coiffure, are liked by a few.
"When these lace novelties are black they
are adorned with jet paillettes or dull sil
ver ones.
The popularity of wreaths doesn't seem
to have diminished, though instead of the
glittering ones of bright red, green and
silver paillettes, so much worn last sea
son, there seems to be a preference for
those in natural looking grecrs or of soft
velvet, generally in white. There is noth
ing to brighten them, and, as a conse
quence, they are rather trying to any ex
cept persons with soft, wavy hair of light
coloring.
Roses of velvet— In fact, all flowers
molded in this soft material— are very
smart, but the colors must not be too
bright hued.
A single pink flower in the "crush" va
riety, with its large, flat petals glittering
with rhlnes tones, looks effective nestling
against soft hair of a gold brown shade,
■while another in rich American beauty
tints, with these sparkling crystal drops
trembling on its velvety petals, gives to
a brunette an adorably coquettish air
when It Is tucked Just behind the left ear.
Although different in style is a spreading
bow of inch-wide velvet ribbon, wired to
lay in long, gracefully twisted loops, and
to be -worn flat on the top of the head.
Rhinestone -spangles sewn on the ribbor.
In diagonal rows give the ornament 8
chic air. The woman with classic features.
who wears her hair slightly parted and
drawn back loosely from her face, will
find this Alsatian bow vastly becoming.
Sometimes two ornaments are worn,
only, however, with the low coiffure; one
is too great. Good tobacco, a good pipe
and deliberateness are the prime essen
tials in pipe emoklng. Eat slowly, smoke
slowly, drink seldom: so shall you live
long in the land and enjoy the fullness
thereof.— Chicago Tribune.
Continued Prom Page Two.
first mate, and A. A. Platt, second mate
and cook.
"Now, I tell you It's no fun to stand at
the wheel, with the ship going broadside
In the trough of the waves, and try to
keep your reckonings when you have to
depend on a sextant, for we had no chro
nometer. When the sun shines you don't
feel so much that there is only a plank
between you and eternity, but when there
is a leaden sky and the night with its fogs
is settling down and the wind whistles as
if It knew that it owned the vessel and
everybody on it, then you wish it was the
width of a gang plank to land instead of
450 miles.
"Well, we got along pretty well for
greenhorns, Moseley being the only sailor
in the crowd, . and twice we got as far
ncrth as Mendocino. and then twice we
found ourselves off Point Reyes. Then we
decided to make one more try of it, for
the place we were bound for. And then
happened the saddest, most uncanny dis
aster of the whole trip. We three men
hau to take turns at the wheel, and I have
not had mr clothes off once during the
time we were away. The Cordelia man
aged to keep us all on the alert most of
the time, I can tell you. On the night of
October 8 we were once more off the Ore
gon coast and Moseley was at the helm.
Second Mate Platt and I were bunking in
the cabin trying to get a wink of sleep.
is usually of upstanding loops of ribbon or
a close bunch of small blossoms, placed
on top of the head a,little to the left side.
This is to give the desired height some
women think is demanded with the long
lines of the trailing evening 1 gown. - The
second ornament matches the larger one.
It Js quite small and is gracefully worn
Just behind the ear, nestling In the soft
curls coiled low in the neck.
Gauze ribbons gathered into rosettes are
extremely pretty for adorning the heads
of young girls. Oftentimes small roses
are fastened among the full loops of the
"W VOy^SS OP THS COSD5UA HSAUD
Suddenly the Cordelia gave an awful lurch
to leeward, there was a rumbling, rackety
sound, and something shot down the
hatchway.
"It was Moseley, and he never moved
from the floor where he struck. He was
conscious, poor J lad, but he sailed no
farther with the crew of the Cordelia.
Platt was as tender as a woman with
him, but he only lived a few minutes. I
rushed up to the de,ck 'to man the wheel'
and I found that the main boom had
swung around and struck the poor boy
and knocked him down the stairway. The
awful blow fractured his skull. He died
doing his duty as a soldier should, for he
had served In the United States army in
the Philippines and had a good record.
That was a solemn thing when we gave
the poor boy's body to 'the sea and all
that therein is.'
"Platt sewed him up in a spare sail and
brought him aft to the wheel, where I
was on duty. It; was a stormy time and
it was a strange scene on the deck of the
.little craft, tossing on a foggy sea. I
said a prayer and then we both turned
our heads away as Platt let the canvas
shrouded body slip Into the green curling
waves.
"That left -two of us and many fearful
days and nights did we see together. We
THE SUNDAY CALk.
ribbon, especially if the ornament is In
delicate pink, when- Picayune roses or
flowering almond blossoms are combined
with the gauze of the same delicate pink.
It'Is a smart fashion to have these two
ornaments fastened together with a dou
ble band of the gauze ribbon, for with
this style many effective and unusual ar
ranjemants may be obtained. For In
stance, by placing the larger rosette
against the: hair at the left of the upper
part of the semi-low coiffure, the connect
ing band of ribbon may be twisted among
the coils of the hair; the smaller rosette
had to chance watches with^each other
and one of us often had to work sixteen
hours a day. Sometimes In the open sea
I was so fatigued that I would come near
dropping at the wheel. Sometimes we
would just lash the wheel and let the
Cordelia go before' the wind and take care
of herself while we slept.' And when w«
did sleep we slept without Inquiring what
became of the Cordelia, or how many beUa
had just struck. /And ; we always came
out right, though we had some pretty
close shaves. After the death of Moseley
we decided to go on any try to reach our
destination and see whether landsmen
could run a boat or not. After a long
time, in which we saw neither land nor
lights, we arrived off the mouth of the
Klamath River on October 19. And that
was the hardest pill of all our long and
eventful trip.
"We had neither steam nor a propeller
and we had to have three conditions fa
vorable or we would bump on the outside
bar. We had to have a smooth sea, with
tide and wind up the river. These three
things we could not get. After making
several attempts to enter the river there
seemed to be nothing left to do but to
tack, ship and float for San Francisco,
which we accordingly did. By this time
we were getting to.be pretty well filled
may then be brought lower on the same
side as the other one, or crossed to the
right side of the coiffure and pinned just
behind the ear.
Small rosettes with two upstanding
loops of double-faced satin ribbon, show
ing one. side white and'the other delicate
pink or pale blue, make pretty and simple
little ornaments to be worn v/lth gowns
not too elaborate.' . •
; A corsage knot of ribbon to match gives
a smart touch' to a demi- toilet. •
However, the smartest little hair orna
ment" made of ribbon is the small round
with sea_ salt and knew when to say
•Aye, aye! sir,' in the right place.
, "1 grew to' know a good deal about the
relations, of a sextant to the sun, and the
funny thing about it Is that though I had
no chronometer I managed to keep my
bearings on the whole ' tour. We came
down the coast in less time than it took
lis to get in the Golden Gate after we got
here, and when we were off "Point Reyes
.wo saw a school of whales. One of them,
about forty feet long, I should say, began
to spout about thirty feet from the Cor
delia. .That was near. enough to suit my
taste, for, you know, I built, my craft
with' a flat bottom. But he came nearer
and nearer, and Platt and I were almost
paralyzed when the huge " fish plunged
downward in a dive right under the cabin
of our vessel. We held our breath, and in
a moment he came out on the other side,
and we ccuid see that his whaleshtp was
covered with barnacles. Once he came up
within tph feet of the 'side and turned
over, like a big sea kitten. I think he
must have thought )ie • could have a
chance to get those uarnacles off, but if
he had ever, humped up his back under
the Cordelia there would have been two
more farmers in Davy Jones' locker. The
sailors have told us since that if we had
gone down in the cabin -and made even a
ch©u of two-toned ribbon, say the favorite
pink and white, with a pink crush rose
placed in the center of the rosette. Th«
effect is charming, and is a pleasing varl-
What the President's Private Secretary Has to Do.
position of secretary to the
1 President of the United States is
an arduous one. In the rendering
of its multitudinous services »t
calls for the business qualifications
of a methodical and systematic
slight noise by pounding on the sides of
the ship his lordship would have de
camped immediately. But we didn't know
that, and we sat there frightened to death
while he repeated the" diving process,
coming up on the other side of the boat,
I think about twenty times.
"The next thing that worried us was
the running low of our food supply. The
supply, of oil for.the lanterns was nearly
exhausted, and things began to look se
rious. Then stormy weather began and
lasted until November 6. "We had two
tight spots to get out of on the voyage
back. Once we came near going ashore
at' Fort Ross. The waves were high, and
the wind blew to west and then to north.
We could see the land only a mile or two
away, 'and the Cordelia's nose heading
straight for it. In some way I managed
to tack' ship, and my luck did not desert
me. We had fourteen tons of coal as bal
last when we started, but that . didn't
amount to much. The fact of the matter
is the Cordelia can't steer, and I think I
shall use steam on .her next voyage. We
arrived off the Golden Gate on November
10, and then came what was not the least
trying part of the long sail. We had to
do as much watching and steering as if
we were starting for a. foreign port in
stead of waiting to pass into a home port.
Thick. weather and rolling seas kept the
rule, and it was not until December 6 that
wind and tide were fair, and taking my
old stand at the wheel I guided the Cor
delia through the Golden Gate. And here
in port we'll stay for the. present."
Atlan to the s.:mp> unadorned rot*,
though, to be sure, there is never any
thing prettier than this beautiful flower
■frhen becomingly worn.
By the way, tight little rosettes very
much like those one sees on the head band
ef a horse's bridle are used on many of
the smartest gowns. These hard little
bunches of ribbon have quite superseded
the recently popular soft chiffon chou.
Black velvet seems to be reserved for
house wear, and with many of the soft,
graceful tea gowns or house gowns -velvet
knots and tiny rosettes are seen. Some
times there are small steel or rhlnestone
boutona to brighten them up a bit.
"Whatever you choose to ornament your
hair, have, it becoming. Study your face
and head carefully and select something
that suits Its lines and your style of coif
fure. Don't place an ornament In your
hair without regard to the effect you wish
to produce. Have as much Individuality
about it as you like, but never attempt
anything outre.
clerk, in the performance of the daily
routine of official work and the finesse o?
a practiced diplomat In meeting and sat
isfactorily adjusting situations which nat
urally come before him as an intermedi
ary between the President and an assort
ed public, each individual of which b»-
lievea himself entitled to a portion of th*
time and interest of the chief executive
The task of handling and answering: th«
White House mail is in itself no small
one, the President receiving from 200 to
1200 letters a day. Important or not, each
of these communications receives due at
tention, the secretary carefully sorting
and classifying them; presenting some to
the- personal attention of the President.
referring others to the department or per
son to which each properly belongs, wttll*
all receive courteous acknowledgment
from the President's representative.
The secretary Is also required to meet
and dispose of the numerous visitors who
call on the President at times net set
aside for his public receptions, and whoa*
business ranges all the way from that
relative to the appointment of a Supreme
Court Judge or the Governor of a turbu
lent territory to the obtaining et th«
presidential autograph for a school girl's
album.
To deal with this heterogeneous mass la
such a way as to best serve the ends of
both business and courtesy, while econo
mizing his own time and easing the strain
on the President's personal attention by
selecting the really important from ths
trivial quest— sorting the grain from ths
chaff— giving offense to none, and sending
all away with pleasant worda and smiling
faces, requires endless resources of tact
and good judgment.
The secretary is also expected to keep
at his fingers' ends the details of all the
official business of the executive office,
and the President ia likely to send for him
frequently eacn day to consult him re
garding official engagements which hav*
been made by him, to seek information
and advise with him upon soxn« matter
under consideration, or, at a moment's
notice, to bring papers and data in nan
case daraanding immediate attention*—
November Success.4
<7» jr AKE Mammy talk!" said the
f\/\ editor. Can you -make w**«r
I Y I bum? I haC one Interview with
X Mammy Pleasant and my hat is
off to any one who can make
her talk wtjen she doesn't want to.
Mammy lives out on Webster street, in
a dingy, old house, with a dingy, old
stove and a faithful, old colored servant
who forgets to light the hall lamp.
Mummy describes her as "good but re-
QUirlng a powerful lot of talking to."
One of Mammy's eyes sags Just enough
to pi v e one a weird, uncanny feeling — as
though you were being hypnotized. At
my first interview I had. bumped up
against a red-hot silence and her sphinx
like- conversational powers had not taken
a beck seat in my memory. " At this af ore-
Bald interview Mammy had remarked that
ehe made her hit In life by keeping her
mouth shut. So I was prepared for the
wortt as 1 rang the bell. The door opened
—one of those spooklike upper-flat doors
that cpen from above and leave' the cheer
less guest gazing up In the darkness.
"Hello, there," said Manmyln a cheery
tone when my name was announced-
Behold, my lady of moods' Is. a bundle
of surprises. Dumb yesterday— she Is talk
ative to-day— always keeping interest
alive with the unexpected.
"I was afraid you might be angry at
me," X eald as I drew a sigh of relief.
"Me? Mad? I used to get mad — but no
mere. I used to waste a powerful lot of
energy In that way: it's foolish. When
you have «ighty-eeven years over your
head and the experience that; !*>•"■• had
you recognize the fact' that other folks
have a right to their point of view^'
"If ;-ou think the same as I do. then
there's no disruption and no fight. I like
to f.jht and I'm as brave as a rooster— a
game rooster— ready for a fight if he sees
one coming. I'd rather be a carps* than
a coward. If I'm dead I'm nil jrlght, but
as Icr.g as I live I want to fight to win.
And I don't want to be carried to victory
on f.oTrery beds of ease, either. : 1 like t?»
go throush bloody scenes. ; The paper*
car. say what they want as far' as J am
concerned. When I am in a fiffht any by
play doesn't feaze me. Some folks take
themselves too seriously. I take life as a
Joke and I get lots of fun out of it.
"I know which side my bread is
buttered on. and if tt aia't buttered at
all I cat it just the earae.
"You tell those newspaper pepple that
they may be smart, but I am smarter.
They deal "with words. Some folks pay
that words were made to reveal thought.
That ain't so. Words were made to con
ceal thought."
Mammy admits eighty-seven summers
and the I*ord knows how many winters,
but fhe scarcely looks 59: She claims a
keen Interest in life, and the study oi hu
man nature keeps her young
"I haven't muih bock education;. I study
pecple. I don't require so much book edu.
cation, for I don't need it. I don't deal
with books. I've seen people that have
studied books till they knew neariy a'.l
the books In the library, but when they
meet people their knowledge is locked in
the library and they're lost out In the
world.
"I am a sreat believer in. work. Do
and cat through with it. I've
ws?ht«i for twenty-nine In family in. .early
da;s. and sat on the lawn in the after
nocn. I"m not saying how well the work
was tHor.e— perhaps the selvages weren't
hung exrvctly straight, but the work was
dor.?. «r.<« that's the main thing, it woull
ta);e kn ordinary woman days to do that
work.
"There was some mighty grand living
in three days." ra'.d Mammy, "spread sup
per? ar.d boxes of balm tea. Do you know
what balm tea is? There was an old
HOW CLOTHES GOT
THEIR NAMES.
-pa OME people feel bewildered by tnt
narr.es the articles of feminine ap
Gs-^J parcl bear, and will be interested
in learning their origin and deriva
tior... The T.-ord "costume" comes from
the Trench word signifying custom, and
dror s fr'c:n the Frpnch ve'rb dresser, to
n)2!.c straight, and this is derived from
derlscr. to direct; petticoat comes from
the Anglo-Norman outdoor, garment.
which was called a "cotte," and was sub
sequently rrtcdifled' into coat. Petticoat,
cr rma!) coat, Is due to petty, signifying
wna'.I. SUirt Is from.. the Anglo-Saxon
»-crd scyrtan. to shorten. We have come
to consider that which covers the lower
part of the body as a skirt and the up
per pert bodice, the word bodice being
tke plural of body, for more than ©ne
bodice is generally worn'. .
T}ie word "gown" comes from the
Welsh "gn-n." "Corset" is a French word
frcm "corps," the body, and the diminu
tive "ette"— namely, a little body. "Stays"
txpress support, from the French wqrd
"ostai." . "Trousseau" . comes from th*
French "treusse." a bundle. ' "Hose" is
an Anglo-Saxon German word, derived
from the Icelandic "hsa." : "Stocc" Is the
Anglo-Saxon for stocking, which. means a
trunk. "Garter" comes from "Jartlere,"
the French word, and "garetto." the Ital
ian, which denotes the bend of the knee.
"Pocket" means "poke," a : bag or paunch,
with the diminutive, the pocket being only
* little bag Inserted In a, garment or. any
other article. We derive "polonaise" from
the Poles, who call their surtout the polo
nle, but "pelisse" comes from the Latin
••petlcea;" which was generally made of
fur- Macintosh Is the name of its' Invent
or, and "umbrella" is from '"umbra," a
little shade. • , . .
MAMMY PLEASANT
THE WOMAN
colored man who used to get kind .of tot
tely. "When accused of being drunk, he
used to say, /All I had was a little balm
tea with a drop of pin in It'
"I don't like to be called mammy by
everybody. . . '
"Put. that .down. ' ,. ...
"I am not mammy to everybody in Cali
fornia.
"I got a letter to-day from a minister, in '
Sacramento. It was addressed to Mammy
Pleasant.; I wrote back to him on his own
papetv that my name' was Mrs. Mary E.
Pleasant. - :■-/•" ,' ' .
"I wouldn't waste any of my paper on
him. Tb« "letter wasn't tnthe- house fif
teen minutes. 'I sent' it right back to him
unread. - . ■ •
"Between you arid me, I don't care any
thlng-about it, but- they shan't do it—they
shan't; nicknameme" at- my age.. If he
didn't; have better /sense he should have
had better manners. .
"It just rouses my Kanaka blood." and
the .old lady stamped her foot in mock
rage, and we both laughed at her Kanaka
blood. • '•' ■ '.
Any person who can laugh at himself
la usually a good fellow. and has character
to burn.
"To-day," continued mammy, "there
was a little dapper fellow came up to me
on the car and told me he had known me
for forty years: He told me h6W he had
always admired, me, knew people who
knew me ', well— folks that used to.: board
at " my house. He mentioned several-
Colonel John Taylor , ; (that's ' Zack's
nephew) a^id Governor Booth, who was
elected front, my house. . '
"We got on famously. '
"He was as polite as a French dancing
master— but he.spojled.it all. when hie got
up to go; sea: he, 'Good-by,. Mammy
THE SUNDAY CAL.L.Y-
Pleasant, and bowed himself off the car
bare-headed. \ y . .? .1. - "' '
"It is too -bad ; h» -got off,, for I could
have entertained him royally down to the
ferry for that last remark— but he. said
his little piece and went before I could
answer back. •;■.:. \ .-.' '- ' ■ ■ ■•''.
"I'm invited to a treat many iwell af
fairs. The daughters and nieces | of old
friends . of nine Invite me to ' their wed
dings and rectpUom. X, know just when
to go . and when not to go— how long to ;
stay.an'dwheh tojo' Home.: ■■•:■'*.' .' • . ;* .
'"Onetime I w^' Invited to'*: breakfaBt
by an old and dear f fiend,' Mrs. Charley
poone. ,1 drove' in eight- miles from tiie;
ranch; 'when : I got "there I aaw'th$ digni
taries of, the . city.' • . 1 1 saw, .the , lady ■ w^a
embarrassed, and' I\was embarrassed, for.
her. ; She had invited me, thinking that I
might not come; \. '> ■ '■:';•'/■'■ , :■•,...
"I saw how I could fix iit all* smooth for
her. .
"She said: 'I am so glad you've come.
This is going: to be a very elegant af
fair. I wouldn't have had you miss It for
anything.' ,
."Tm very grlad to be here.' answered.
"but -I have an errand - to ko- on first and
then I'll be back.' What a relief: that
must have, been to . her. I Jumped . back
Into my rig, drove around to see my
friends and came back -when all the. guests
had 'gone and had lunch with her. That
lady doesn't know to this day that I got
out'of'there, to relieve her.
"Another time I was invited to Captain
William Ef. Hugh.'s wedding at th 6 lick
House. He married Miss Jones, who used
t0. board with me.' I went thereby lnvl
tatlon.rbutl wore my white apron and
collar. > I was shown to a seat right in
the folding doors during the reception.
Everybody stared at me. - •.:• ~, -■
"The waiter was. so rattled that he
passed me the refreshments first.
"I took, the tray and waited on the
bridal party." :„
"Then I went out and went 'home.
"I bad been to the church; and recep
tion and waited >©»• this' bridal, party— my
.work waa done.; . 1' ''.'^ ■''•/
' "Onc« I had togo away_from a place
before I transacted my business. It hap
pened In this -wmy:-.-., ■"" : ," '*:'■'■>
"I got an anonymous letter .once from
•5 business place ih ( . this • city telling me
where I could flnd-a p«rson^who would
give me questions to. ask .A/j^Lthess who
had been on the stand the -day ore and
was. going on again '.the 'liex^mdrning at
10 o'clock.. As "the: letter'-was^not quite
clear to . mo, ahd,Jthe .time ;wai! ; short. I
rose early the next morning a,nd drove to
this firm, carrying the \ letter: ifu-my hand
partially open r ; knowing jthit. "when the
man came who had written It he would
show the white flag.
"Three or four of the clerks came and
went in ; I was satisfied that it was none
of them. At length the right man camp..
The instant lie saw me he threwf ■
his hands and said: 'For God's sajtsr. 1
don't bring that buggy here; 'twill ruia
my business"
"I waved to the driver and he under
stood to take the buggy out of sight. The
lawyer said: *I cant talk— I can't talk
here; 'twill ruin my business. Go to a'
little alleyway between Van Ness avenue
and Polk street. I will see you there.'
(And that was fully a mile from his place
of business.) I went, and he came an4
explained the letter to me. I received
other letters and messages also from that
■axne firm right along while the suit was
pending". . Strange as it may appear, he
has never spoken to me nor recognized
me since. He was a man after my own
•tyle of doing business.
"I never would have gone to Mrs. Bell'i
except for the fact that I had a littlt
girl."
"What— have you any children V 1
asked.
"Yes— what's given to you is yours—
ain't It? Well I had this little girl sriven
to me to bring up. She was given to r^g
by her father; he gave me money to brir.^
her up properly. I knew the child would
be better off with white people than with
colored. Tou can't mix oil and water. The
time has not yet come when colored peo
ple and white are on equality and I am
not a'trylng to force the proposition. I
accept the situation and I'm a-trylng to
be happy under my own banner.
"But the white child didn't belong there.
It wouldn't be any credit to her this day
to be living with me out here. Any family
I'd put her in I'd go in myself. I never
was employed at the Bell's. I never was
employed by anybody. I did what I want
ed to do at the Bell's; I kept house be
cause there wasn't any one. else to keep
It.
"The Bells took the child and money
and me and save the child their
name. She called Mrs. Bell mamma
and Mr. Bell papa. She went to
school under their name. Mr. Bell
paid the bills, but when she' finished
at the conveat Mrs. Bell didn't want her
to come home there. I guess she thought
■he had all' the money that was -coming
from that source.
"So I found the girl another place !»
another family. Knowing what I did I
remained at. the Bells much to Mr. Bell's
gratification. The young lady took her
father's name in her new home and her
father was— well he was second to none."
A short silence followed. Then Mammy
said.
"Well, why don't you ask me?"
"Ask you what?" I said.
"I know what you're thinking of— you're
wend erlrig- who the 'father was— ask me!"
"Well, who was, her father?"
. "That'* my business— I've got business
as well as you."
"And now," said Mammy, "as Mr.
Barnes used to say In his argument when
he couldn't say anything more about me.
"I will tell more about Mammy Pleasant
hereafter— but he always forgot to do It.
"Now ask me any questions you want
to ask me and I'll see what ones I want
to answer."
But I knew Mammy had said her little
piece and I fancied I knew how long to
•tay and just when to go. too. so I wished
her good day hoping she might live many
years yet to brighten the world with her
rare epigrams, to stagger the lawyers and
to occasionally shift the scenes and rattle
the bones of the musty old family skele
tons of which she is the warden.
EDEN WAS AT THE
NORTH POLE.
MTORWALD KOEHL. a Scandi
navian scientist, now comes
o forward and says the Garden
of Eden was located at the
north pole. Koehl la an astronomer, and
It 13 astronomical reasons which convince
him that he has at last. arrived at the
truth on this, point. He simply claim*
that when Adam and Eve were llvlns the
stars, did not ascend into the sky at twi
light nor descend at the first approach
of dawn, but that they moved eternally
In a circle above the horizon. There ar'rf
numerous traditions, he says, which prove* "
that the fane of the heavens was at that
time as he describes It. and he adds that
after many months of c i oao investigation
he has been unable to find anything which
is opposed to this view of the case.
In the entire world, however, there an
only two points where such a phenome
non occurs, namely, at the north pole
and at the south pole, and the next ques
tion to be answered was. at which if
these two poles was the Garden of Eden
located? The learned Scandinavian solves
this problem easily. Ancient traditions,
he says, tell us that our first parents,
when they departed from Eden, emigrat
ed toward the south, and as it would
have been impossible for them to go very
far in that direction if the Garden of
Eden had been located at the south poia
the only logical conclusion Is tlvat It was
situated at the north pole.
This novel theory Is attracting much at
tention among scientists and Biblical stu-vi
dents. Some are inclined to accept it un
reservedly, but others hesitate and hint
that they would like to know something
more about the "ancient traditions" to
which Koehl refers so frequently.•-jpsKC process by which the ore from
-*--« the mine is changed into new and
A glittering coin Is long and tedious.
The ore as it comes from the ground
must first pass through the smelting pro
cess, by means of which the metal is ex
tracted and converted into bars of gold
cr silver, the methods naturally varying
accorcUnr to the character of the ore and
the locality.
Ecrae idea of the enormous amounts
that have been handled by the various
mints and assay offices is shown by the
■tatexaeat that $2,936,732,252 27 represents
the total amount of coinage of the va
rious mints of the United States from the
establishment of the Philadelphia Mint to
the end of June, 1900. Of this amount the
total gold coinage was 52.167.088,113, the
total silver $796,171,159 65, and the total mi
nor coinage amounted to 533,503,969 72. The
bars of cold or silver, known as "bullion."
«J« carefully assayed, either at the mint
or at one of the assay offices in New Tork
City, Helena, Mont., or Denver. Colo., and
from these the coins are made. The first
etep consists in preparing an alloy for
coinage of the refined gold or silver which
Is nearly pure, with copper, or silver and
copper, which are then melted together In
a large black-lead crucible; and after the
Whiten metals are thoroughly mixed they
t .-e poured into castlron mold* to produce
rectar.gxlar bars called "ingots," which
vary In size according to the denomina
tion of the coin for which they are intend
ed. Thus, the Ingot for the "double
eagle" in 12% inches long, % inch thick
end 1^. inches wide, and weighs 80 ounces,
■while the ingot for the silver dollar is
12T~t inches long. % Inch thick and 154
inches wide.
The insot is then passed between heavy
rolls, frcm which It issues in long narrow
etrips. This operation is called "breaking
down," and makes the metal bard and
springy, and if continued would cause it
to crack and epllt. In order to prevent
this the strips are annealed by being
heated in a furnace of about 1500 degrees
Fahrenheit where they remain for about
an hour and a half, according to the heat
of the furnace and the elze of the strips.
The;, are then cooled ki water and each
t=t rij< wiped dry, after which they are
finally passed thro-jgh the rolls. "Double
ecglcs" and "eagles" pass through the
finishing rolls three times, while "half"
CLOTHING
OF MAN
LEADS
TO DEATH.
•"VLOTHES may not make the man,
f / according to the old »■"■■»-» m but ao
\] J corfilng to a well-known Chicago
j^ physician they may unmake him
with a facility that ought to turn
the fool-killer green with envy.
"Go ir to the big. modern furnishing
hocse," said he, "and you can scarcely
put your finger upon an article of wearing
apparel that isn't either murderously
menacing or Insistently detrimental to
health. In fact, you might arraign all
clothing with a good deal of common
sense end consistency.
"In the first place, we breath* through
car bofilea Just as truly as we breathe
throngn ocr nostrils. You may prove this
by varnishing a man's body; not all the
wcrk hln luegs can do will keep him from
•mothering to death. Then. Just to the
extent that clothing interferes with the
functions of the skin, to that extent it is
theoretically detrimental.
"Among ail the murderous forms of
Cress underclothing takes the lead, and of
this cotton and linen garments are the
chief offenders. The cotton shirt especial
ly Is a vicious thing. When it has becom*
damp from perspiration it is virtually air
tight, and a draft striking it converts it
into a cold-etorage lining, which could not
be better designed for pneumonia. A gar
ment of genuine wool takes up this per
eplration and the warmth of the body un
der it evaporates the moisture. '-
Consumption Due to Underclothes.
" 'Flannelette' in this category of un
derwear is especially vicious. There may
be no thread of wool in it, and the careful
combing out of the Inner cotton fibers of
the garment makes only a still further re
ceptacle for clammy moisture from the
body. Chronic colds, sore throats and
•ven consumption may result from the
~^|f>ntlnuance of this kind of undergarment.
"The ordinary vest, worn by all male
kind. Is one of the most insidious of raur
dercjjs garments. The vest of a Tlnter
suit is especially heavy In front, and Is
of wool; at the back It is cotton, 'farmer's
satin.' or perhaps thin satin. Such a com
bination could not better further all lung
troubles. Under the shoulder blades a
man's lungs are much nearer to the «ur
face than they are In front and much
more Ukely to be attacked by congestions
that follow cold. If men had a proper re
tard for health they would Insist that
their tailors make their vests of the same
material all the way around.
"Tho oruinary silk muffler is a particu
larly vicious thing. It may keep one's
collar clean, but likewise it may send one
to a place where collars aro not needed.
Mufi1ir.g the throat at best is certain to
advance the possibility of throat and lung
affections. The muffler Is something that
Is easily forgotten, and for a man who is
used to it to go out without it between
V.ovember 1 and April 1 is to invite an
'iraewt certain Inflammatory attack in the
throat or lungs. Indeed, no matter how
carefully one may eeek to drop the thing
in the spring. It nearly always gives him
at least a partlr.g
HOW .... SAM
MAKES HIS MONEY
and "quarter eagles" must go through at
least four times. The strips are again
annealed, cut in two for convenience In
handling, taken to the pointing rolls so
that an inch and a half of the end may be
pointed or flattened tnd greased with tal
low to permit their easy passage through
the dies of the drawbench. The draw
bench consists of two independent sec
tions, each of which has two dies regu
lated by setscrews, and between these
dies the pointed end of the strip is passed,
being seized by the jaws of the carriage,
drawn by means of an endless chain,
which reduces the strip as nearly as pos
sible to standard weight. This is ascer
tained by weighing sample blanks or
planchets that are cut from either end.
When the strips are deemed of proper
weight they are taken to the cutting
shears and the pointed encls cut off, after
which they to the cutting press,
where by means of a Bteel punch working
into a matrix the planchets are cut there
from. These blanks are then taken to the
washing-room, where they are cleansed
from grease by washing in a lye composed
"The mackintosh Is another horror. In
this climate a comparatively warm rain
may follow a period of freezing weather
In almost any winter month. As I Bay, It
Is only comparatively warmer; the ther
mometer may register only GO degrees,
but tf the rain Is heavy enough the man
who has been wearing an ulster that is
half an inch thick outs on a mackintosh
and goes out to freeze to death. He is a
likely subject for pneumonia always. The
fact that the rubber rain coat is water
tight is only another of its evil aspects,
as preventing action of the pores.
"Footwear always has been detrimental
to the general health. No portion of the
body is more exacting In the matter of
free pores than are the feet, yet they are
covered often in cheap stockings, colored
with poisonous dyes, and then crowded
into tight, pointed-toed shoes that squeeze
them out of all semblance to a natural
foot. The Inside line of the feet, which
should be perfectly straight, becomes
crooked around an enlarged Joint, the big
toe is turned in, and half of the natural
functions of the feet are strangled. Then
when a rubber sandal— or, worse, an arc-
of svap, borax and vater. After rinsing
In clean water they are dried In a large
copper pan heated by steam. They are
then carefully examined on the selecting
table and all perfect blanks separated
from the imperfect ones, and, in the case
of gold coins, must have the following
weights: "Double eagle," 516 grains;
"eagle." 2DS grains; "half-eagle," 129
grains, and "quarter-eagle," 64.5 grains,
although an allowance of a half-grain is
permitted in the case of the "double
eagle" and "eagle," and a quarter grain
in the "half*" and "quarter eagle." This
weight is determined In the adjusting
room, where each piece is placed upon the
balance, and if heavier than the limit is
reduced by filing its edge, whereas if
lighter it is condemned and returned to
the melter. The accepted planchets ' are
then taken to the milling machine, where
the raised edge, technically called "mill
ing," is put on them.
The machines known as milling' ma
chines are simply upsetting devices, and
the former designation often misleads
tic overshoe— is drawn on the foot th»
work Is complete.
"The high heel in women's shoes la es
pecially vicious. It throws the toes Into
the tips of the shoes, cramping and
crooking them and making the natural
ppringlness of the foot wholly impossible.
Recently the rubber heel has done much
to mitigate the evils of heels on hard
pavements.
Prince Killed by Polish.
"Some of the brown polishes used on
summer footwear are poisonous, espe
cially when applied to thin leather. Don
John of Austria died from such a poison
percolating through thin shoes. Times
without number physicians everywhere
have been called upon to treat cases of
foot poisoning from wearing of red stock
ings.
"Garters as worn by both men and
women are bad. By compressing the veins
of the leg above or below the knee they .
hinder the return of the blood to the
Heart and lungs, and at times this
congestion is such as to congeal the
blood in the limbs with fatal results.
Such garters at the best are conducive to
THE SUNDAY CALL.
on* not familiar with minting processes.
Their duty Is to upset the blank
after it leave* the cutting press
by passing the piece between a segment
and a revolving disk, just below the
feed tube. Grooves are cut in the disk
and segment -by a sharp tool, and the
shape of the grooves has been the sub
ject of considerable experiment in order
to give as square an edge as possible to
the finished coin without producing a fin.
It is driven by a three-horsepower com
pound wound motor running at 375 revolu
tions per minute, and transmits a rotary
movement to the disk through back
gears. The disk runs at sixty revolutions
per minute. The blanks are fed by the
operator into the tube and are pushed
against the disk by a small feeder, and'
the friction on the disk carries the blank
around the inside of the segment and
then it drops into a box. This upsetting
machine will upset 675 half dollars pet
minute, and the machines for other de
nominations will turn out a proportional
amount. Nine of these machines, excupt-
varicoM reins and at all times they tend
to eold feet. The wise person who would
hold up his stockings uses the suspender
garter hanging from the waist.
"The ordinary luspender, on the face
of things, should b« quite harmless, but
THROWING OLD SHOES
THE custom of throwing one or more
old shoes after the bride and groom
when they go to church or when
they start on their wedding tour is
so old that the memory of man stretches
not back to the beginning. Some believe
It is a lingering trace of the custom
among savage nations of carrying away
the bride by violence. Others think it is a
relic of the ancient law oj: exchange or
purchase and that It formerly Implied the
surrender by the parents of all dominion
or authority over the daughter. It was a
Jewish custom. In Deuteronomy, xxv:5-10,
it is found that the widow refused by the
surviving brother asserted her independ
ence by "loosing his shoes," and in- the
story of Ruth it Is told that it was the
custom in ancient times to place the hus
band's shoe at the head of the nuptial
couch in assertion of his domination, and
that he assumed Um government of the
household.
ing the motor, were designed and built
at the United States Mint, and It Is the
Intention of the authorities to gradually
work back Into the designing and build
ing of -several special machines for coin
ing operations.
The advantage of the milling process is
that it protects the surface of the coin
from abrasion. The milled pieces must
be again cleaned and softened, which is
accomplished by annealing them at a
cherry-red heat, after which they aro
dipped into a solution of sulphuric acid
and water sufficiently strong to clean and
brighten them. They are then rinsed in
boiling water and shaken In sawdust to
dry them, after which they are ready for
the stamping press. Before stamping a
brief description of the die is negessary.
The design being selected, a drawing Is
made the exact size of the coin required,
and from this drawing a tracing is taken
for the purpose of transferring the design
to the die.
This Is accomplished by covering the
surface of the die, which has previously
It Isn't If the braces are narrow and of
Inferior rubber they often Induce deformi
ties in the back and shoulders of the
young. They may prevent a free expan
sion of the chest and If one's back is weak
they, tend to bring about spinal curva
tures. You may get a suggestion of the
hampering effect of suspenders in general
by attempting some active out-of-door
exertions; you have to throw your sus
penders off your shoulders for the. neces
sary freedom.
"Compression of the waist, too, is bad;
the worst example of it Is found In the
woman's corset, however, and not In the
belt of the tennis player. Everybody is
familiar with the crumpling of the float
ing. ribs which may result from tight cor
sets, but not so many know that tumors,
and even cancers, result from the friction
of stays with the skin. Several cases of
fatal stabblngs from corset steels are
known to the ' medical profession: the
pleural cavity has been punctured in such
cases, causing speedy death.
Collars and Hats Are Bad.
"Even the stiff hat has a hard reputa
tion; by compressing tha blood vessels
been made smooth, with a thin costing
of transfer wax; on this wax the tracing
Is reproduced by rubbing, leaving the de
sign on the steel, and as this is easily ob
literated it is best to go over the lines
with a sharp-pointed instrument. The
next step Is to remove the steel In the
die by means of chisels and gravers, so
that a relief may be bad on the coin.
From time to time, as the work pro
gresses, proof impressions are taken until
the desired result la obtained. The die
is then hardened, after which It Is ready
for use in the press. These dies are then
adjusted in the stamping presses and the
blanks fed to the press through a vertical
tube, and as each piece reaches the bottom
of the tube steel feeders carry It over be
tween 'the dies and place It in a steel
collar, so that when the dies close upon
the planchets it will make the obverse and
reverse impressions on the coin. Accord-
Ing to a description of the process in the
Philadelphia Mint It is said that "double
eagles" and "eagles" may be struck at an
average rate of eighty a minute, while
supplying nutriment to the hair this
blood supply is cut off and baldness Is one
of the results.
"Mo u tiian working at a desk a high
collar Is one of the most murderous of all
men's apparel. Our grandmothers knew
something when they knitted the yarn
•writers' of fifty years ago. A pair of
them was worth more than an overcoat
pulled on over starched cuffs. The wrist
Is the most susceptible part of the body to
cold and the flaring cuff invites every
blast of winter, chilling all the blood in
the body in a few minutes. The cuff is a
good thing In hot weather but a menace
to health in winter.
"The glove In cold weather, too. Is a
vicious lnterferer In the circulatory sys
tem. A man's fingers will freeze in a
glove twice as quick as they will uncov
ered, all because the pressure prevents
circulation. For warmth a kid mitten,
fleece lined, Is the only sensible hand
covering.
"What is the one article of dress that
can 'be recommended?" he repeated. "I
really don't know— the collar button, per
haps!"
for the "hair* and "quarter eagles" th«
average rate la 20 per cent greater. The
pressure required In the stamping press
to produce a sharp, clear Impression of
the "double eagle" Is said to be 175 tons,
while only 120 are required for the "eagle."
75 tons for the "half eagle" and 40 tons
for the "quarter eagle." The sliver dol
lar, half-dollar and quarter-dollar are
struck at the same average rate as the
"double eagle" and "eagle," while the
■peed for the dimes is equivalent to that
of the smaller gold coins. The pressure
used In stamping the silver coins is 130
tons for the dollar, 110 tons for the half
dollar. 80 tons for the quarter-dollar and
40 tons for the dime.
From the stamping press the coins pass
to the counting room, where they are put
up In proper quantities for distribution.
All coins but cents are counted in the
usual way, but the latter, however, are
counted by means of a. kind of screen.
There are 1000 depressions in It the exact
size of a cent. The coins are brought
from the machines in pails and a quantity
are thrown upon the counting screen,
which Is shaken until each of the depres
sions Is filled. Tho cents are then tied up
In coin sacks. In this very brief summary
of the process by which the coin passes
from the bullion to the finished money
many of the important* details have neces
sarily been omitted; but If there is any
one thing more than another that is of
conspicuous Interest in the mints and as
say offices of the Government it Is tho
fact that nothing Is lest. Every bit of
metal Is carefully accounted for, and de
fective blanks are promptly returned to
the melter. Every kind of a waste mate
rial that Is likely to contain gold is pre
served. The floor of the melting room is
■wept each day, and the gatherings ara
mixed with a suitable flux and thrown
Into a crucible. "Sweeps" consisting of
broken crucibles and dipping cups, all
ashes from the fires, burned gloves,
aprons, sawdust and packages In which
bullion has been sent to the mint, settlings
and catch wells and roof gutters are care
fully preserved. It Is reported that sales
of such "sweeps" at the Philadelphia
Mint have yielded a return as high as
from $18,000 to $29,000 a year from the melt-
Ing department alone.
A BOOK OF
DRAWINGS
BY
UNDERWOOD.
THIS pen and Ink of "March" Is ons
of those clever creations of the hu
man form divine for which the hand
of C F. Underwood has become so
noted. Miss Underwood catches mo
tion with to sure a stroke that her pict
ures seem endowed with the breath of
life. She gets real strength In her draw-
Ings, not by the number of lines, but
rather by effective, . broad strokes with,
Just the right dash to emphasize her com
position and to tell a story. It needs no
other caption than "March" to explain
this picture; the drawing Itself is the per
sonification of the windy old month "com
ing In like a lion."
There is not a line too much nor a line
too little— just enough to catch and pleas»
the eye by the graceful execution and to
hold and fix the attention to the, meaning
of the composition.
This drawing is but one of three dozen
equally good that go to make up the con
tents of a portfolio of Miss Underwood's
work recently published by Quail & War
ner of New Tork under the general title
of "Some Pretty Girls." Each drawing
has been printed on a loose sheet of
heavy paper suitable for such work, and
all of them have been placed in an orna
mental cover similar to those in vogue
among the artists as sketch-holders, mak
ing a most attractive addition to a center
table. The cover is ornamented by one of
Miss Underwood's sketches of a swim
ming girl, with Just her fair head bobbing
up above the waves.
The selections are charmingly varied
with glimpses afield and in town, at homo
and abroad. There Is "On the Road to
Schevenlngen," with a fashionable equip
age in the foreground driven by the swell
girl and her mamma, and with three lltt>
Dutch peasants for color Just hurrying off
the page at the right.
Of other foreign views there are
sketches of "On a London 'Bus." "In Rot
ten Row, London," "Punting on the
Thames" and "Off to the Pyramids."
There are two types in the collection
that are especially good— "A Girl of the
Latin Quarter. Paris," ts really worth a
frame and glass, and "A Petticoat Lane
Flower Girl" is also Just as well dnne.
though possibly not so pleasing throu;h
the necessarily dilapidated state of tho
model.
In outing subjects Miss Ur.derwcod
shows the "•master hand. Her drawings
not only please for their art. but they ara
equally delightful for the story that they
have to tell. There are the two charming
and shapely maids in wading, who stand
with their dresses'to their knees and with
eyes to the shore wonder "What are they
looking at?" and another' of "Beauty and
the Beast," of two girls who have driven
a little cart and donkey into the middle
of the stream, only to find that he refuses
either to go on or to go back.
Then there are plenty of jolly ones— of
fun on the old farm, of lovers awheel, of
lovers yachting, and a few with some of
the younger Americans drawn In to help
out their older sisters and brother—
5How tha Christmas Dchl o.
1901 Surpasses in Beauty
and Mechanism All Her
Predecessors — No Less
Than Forty Different Fer
sons Required to Perfect
Her — How Long H6r Evo
lution Has Extended Over
the Past — A Holiday
Study in Dollology. . . .
WHATEVER the first tov may
have been, the second was un
doubtedly a doll. As play
things dolls have been In use
from the earliest times of
which vre have any record, among all
peoples, Bavage or civilized.
Children In ancient times -were generally
buried with their dolls of burnt clay and
wood. In every nation to-day they still
hold an Important place. The dolls of
Japan are handed down from one genera
tion to another, and In some families
there are hundreds of them- But they are
very different from anything in America.
They are dressed to represent Mikados
and Mikados' wives, nobles of the court,
minstrels and other historical person
ages. Every year a' feast is held in their
honor on March C.
In many houses In India dolls have a
room to themselves. They are made of
wood and painted in gay colors.
Eskimo dolls are made of ivory or wood,
carefully carved as nearly like the human
figure as possible. The eyes are made of
bits of peaxly shell and are inlaid. Some
of them are twelve or eighteen inches
tajil, but most of them are six or eight
inches only.
"Wooden dolls are still made by the na
tive African tribes and so. also, are rag
dolls. Among our Indian tribes dolls made
from earthenware, tree bark and rags are
found. The rag babies have hideous
painted faces, daubed with streaks of red.
Dolls of the Europeans.
Among 1 modern European nations dolls
are first mentioned in the records of the
fifteen, century, during the reign of the
mad King. Charles VI, of France. The
story goes that an Italian named Pusello
Gravaldl gave an exhibition at Paris of
wax figures, among which were fac
similes of several Roman Empresses.
These marionettes became the fashion of
the day. Hardly a week passed In which
the King did not purchase one of the ng
■ures. The entire court followed his ex- ;
ample. When the King died a change
came. The numerous wax figures were
turned over to the children.
Modern dolls were common here In
America, elg-hty years ag-o. The body and
the bead were carved from one piece and
the Itobs w«re made from kid. The fea
tures of the face were painted. The hair
was reaL Dolls with wax heads were then
the elite of the doll world, but they were
not nearly so pretty as the ones we have
now. Their bodies were stiff and long
and without joints. Their shoes and
clothes were sewed on them and they had
no accomplishments, such as turning their
>»^n^M on a spring- and saying "Mamma!"
and "Papa!" when a machine was wound
inside,
However, little girls In those days played
mostly with home-made dolls, called rag
babies. Many were imported from Eng
land and sold here, especially in the
Booth. On© of the dolls wbjch came from
England so long ago is pictured above.
Her name Is Araminta. She has a paint
ed face. Time has not dimmed the bright
ness of her black eyes nor stolen the
roses from her cheeks.
The London doll special to-day Is the
rag baby, and a very pretty thing It is.
Here In New York, too. the rag doll has
developed Into a very fine affair, costing
from $5 to $12 apiece.
There are some 9G0 varieties of the mod
ern doll, ranging: In price from 5 cents to
USD. The cost depends principally upon
the expensive Quality of the doll's ward
robe.
Aristocratic German Puppets.
The finest dolls now come from Ger
many, which excels France in this Indus
try. Nuremberg has been the home of
loll making for many centuries. Now
5rjy the cheaper grades are made there.
The finest grades come from Sonneberg,
•chere schools of design have been estab
ished since 1SC1.
In these schools models of all the best
mtlQue and modern sculpture are to be
found, and collections of good prints. To
:hese schools all the young children are
lent to model, and the most exquisite
work is the result, both In the expression
md complexion of the dolls. Germany
ilso possesses the secret of making <the
test doll powder, or enamel.
No less than forty different persons are
lecessary to the making of one doll, and
ach one does one thing. First a model
if the head and neck is made from a
ump of clay. Then the molder takes it
aid makes a mold In which to shape the
taper pulp from the kettle, if the doll is
o be waxed, end from a dough of clay
f bisque and china. The latter heads are
iftked to make them hexi.
THE DOLLY OF TODAY
HER COUSINS, HER SISTERS, HER
AUNTS AND HER ANCESTORS.
Then the head passes from one nand to
another until its coloring has been re
ceived, its eyes set. its flesh tint. lip.^.
eyebrows and eyelashes given and its hair
put on. Women do the finest in
giving lovely complexions. The hands
FASHION'S DEGREES FOR THE COMING YEAR
half falling low on the skirt, down to the
very hem.
There Is nothing simpler to make than
these lace sets and the woman of time,
taste and patience can try them.
Miss Randolph, the stepdaughter of Wil
liam C. Whitney, wore at a young peo
ple's afternoon affair a skirt that was
really typical of one of the styles that
will soon be seen upon the gowns de-
Signed for grown folk.
This skirt was made In little puffs with
bands of insertion between the puffs. It
was only Just to the young woman's an
kles, but it flared very prettily and looked
not so very unlike the short dancing skirts
that were the voguo a few years ago.
The bands of Insertion were finger wide
and were put on very plainly around the
skirt to sort of strap It to the figure. The
material was sheer and made, over a foun
dation.
The Eose for 1902.
The extent to which the rose will be
used the coming year can scarcely be
gauged. Not only will It continue to form
a feature of embroidery, tut It will be
Eeen In silk and In velvet and in every
fabric that bears any semblance to the
rose petal. It will be used boldy as the
artificial rose. A great rose of chiffon,
like a chou, can trim the bodice of an
evening gown.
The prettiest evening effects are ob
tained by the artificial rose. Mrs. Alfred
Vanderbilt Is wearing a bunch In deep
pink against a gown of silver gray. The
gown is In cloth of satin luster, called
panne cloth. It is very thin and displays
the lining, which is pink. The bodice is
cut upon the new blouse lines, with broad
blouse front Instead of the pointed front,
and the roses are fastened at one side of
the bust ; ; "
Another gown, an evening one, worn by
this same fortunate matron, shows a
bunch of roses disposed so that they trail
over the shoulder and down the back. A
bunch also finishes the belt.
For the, street the styles are changing
as well as for the blouse. Positively an
tique will last year's gown look this year,
unless the gifted fingers of a modiste are
allowed full play upon It
The princess style Is still the thing and
the skirt and waist seem to grow to
gether. It may be done by a way of trim
ming, but the princess look must be there.
For the street there is to be a tendency
toward the long, stralgnt lines that have
been noticed upon house gowns. These
cannot always be secured, yet they are
possible in many cases.
Lace ends, stolellke, are not always good
on a street gown, but Just at this season
and feet ar^'.iade In toe same way.
The best heads now are of bisque, whlcil
is a kind of porcelain. They have taken
the place of the wax heads, in the last
twenty-fife years. The body and limbs
are made of papier mache and have uni-
the fur boas can be worn .id the long
fichus which, give height and slimness.
Furs for 1903.
The very long, all-fur boa Is something
that should be In the wardrobe of every
woman who can afford one. The larger
and longer the boa the better. An Immense
round fur boa of sable is really a good in
vestment, and can be worn year after
year. It should be of good color and of
the best sable that one can command.
There are black furs that will take the
place of sable nicely. They are long
haired and rather aggressive, In that they
are stiff and unmanageable in kind, but
they are just what is needed in the boa
line. In buying furs It should be remem
bered that, accident aside, they will never
wear out, but will keep as a family heir
loom forever, if enough is paid for them.
The long lines can be obtained by the
flat boas of broadtail, of chinchilla, of
mink, of seal and of stone marten. They
are made up 6O as to stand erect around
the neck and lie flat upon the front of the
gown, coming down in two wide pieces all
the way to the hem of the skirt. Those
who prefer can wear shorter ones, Just be
low the belt line, but every attempt must
be"made to preserve the length. The boa
thrown over the shoulder is not so mucE
seen now, for it is not the mode to toss
the boa over the shoulder and wind it
around and around the neck.
The satin cloths are to come In this
spring, though for a time they have been
crowded out a little by the rough goods.
They will be more satiny than before, and
higher in quality, in price and in tone.
They will be worn in the best grades to
PAGE 8 — THE COWBOY POSTER - PAGE 8
ON" Page Eight of this section is
printed the first of a series of
Western posters from the brush
of the great "Cowpuncher Artist,''
Ed. Borein. Mr. Borein spent years
of active life on the plains of the vast
Southwest. In the interest of his art
he dared do what few of his brother
professionals have done — threw aside
entirely the life of the studio and ac
tually took up the existence of a
"cowpuncher." He could ride a buck
ing bronco, round up a herd, brand a
steer, throw a lariat or handle a gun
with the best of them. All this time,
as opportunity offered, his pencil and
THE SUNDAY GALL.
versa! Joints, so that the hands and feet
can bo placed in any position. \
Most Beautiful Yet. . i
Such a doll is the Christmas doll of .1901,
and she is the most beautiful seen yet.
Her greatest beauty lies in her expression.
Of course, she has moving eyes. They are
absolutely necessary. She must go to
sleep or no little girl would want her.
The best variety of moving eyes are
called "flirtation" eyes. Then, she has
actual lids and lashes, 1 and behind her
glass teeth you can catch a glimpse of
her little red tongue. These teeth are
put in in sets of four.
Here in New York and in the North
generally the favorite dolls arc those hav
ing dark eyes and fair hair or blue eyes
and dark hair. In the Southern States
dark hair and dark eyes are preferred.
The Nanking doll— that is, the old-fash
ioned doll with china head and hands and
feet and having a body of coarse muslin
stuffed-with sawdust or excelsior— is still
very high class functions and they will be
accepted for calling and for nice occasions
everywhere.
The mother of an Easter bride— and
Easter cornea early this year— is getting
ready for her own important part of the
ceremony. She is to dress in white, this
mother-lnMaw that will bo, and will wear
a gown of white satin cloth.
To take off the almost kittenish appear
ance she will have it. trimmed with black
lace put on over a" lining of lavender.
There wlll.be a deep lace- hip yoke, a
long lace collar, all lavender lined, and a
lace flounce.
Street Styles for 1902.
•. In street style3 the satin cloths play a
still more surprising part. •< They . are
made. up on the most extraordinarily ex
travagant lines, and are worn as though
they were tweeds.
A gown that will be worn for calling
the second day of- January, . which Is
"ladies' day," will be of a shade of cloth
that is now called automobile red. It is
very red and you might have once styled
it brick. It is not the invisible red that
one might imagine.
'ihe gown Is a princess with great
slashes In the skirt. The silts are almost
as deep as the waist. There is no trim
ming of any description upon the skirt,
which is cut rather scant. But through
the deep slits you can get glimpses of a
black silk drop skirt, abundantly trimmed
with knife plaitlngs of chiffon and taffeta.
The drop skirt Is very long and has
the dexnitraln over which " the ' automobile
red . princess falls. The waist Is a prln
cess, with a V cut in the front to show
a vest of black.
paper were busy and he made hun
dreds of sketches that breathe the
life of the plains as it really is and
not as it seems to soft-fingered artist3
who work in comfortable studios and
depend for their inspiration on the
drawings of such men as Borein. His
pictures are filled with the tang of
the soil. They please because they
are natural, because they are the per
sonification of a certain phase of life
—a life full of action, of the sweat
and toil of man and beast. The draw
ings in this series will show the high
est type of animal vigor and physical
manhood skillfully interpreted with
ln great demand. Country stores sell a
great many of them. Many are sent
West, also to the West Indies and to
South America.
Curiously, enough, the doll most In de
mand in the hot countries of South Amer
ica is the wax doll. The heat there melts
the wax and easily changes the expres
sion of the face.
There is nothing very new in the me
chanical devices for dolls— In winking,
walking,, speaking and singing. The adap
tation of the phonograph to the anatomy
of the talking doll to increase her vocabu
lary-was a failure.
The Dutch Invented the crying doll. Th?
pattern originally came from Japan, and
has long been lying in the museum at The
Hague. Germany now makes them on the
same model.
The very newest on the market ia tha
'.'indestructible" doll, having movable
legs. It will not break— a great advantage
for little people, who can hurl them
The hat that Is coming is the fur hat.
The vogue for it Is on the increase and
It will be the hat to wear all January
and February. It is heavy, and, though
always becoming, cannot be tolerated by
sensitive women. There are flat-topped
hats, with tops of fur. and these are very
pretty. A hat with top of ermine had a
little silk brim and was worn with a coat
of Persian lamb with ermine lapels and
cuffs.
New Hats for 1902.
The student hat, perfectly flat on top, Is
copied in, the fur hats, and the "straw
berry shortcake hat" of last summer's
memory Is seen with the top layer of fur,
then a. silk crown, then one of felt.
Snow proof materials are advertised and
goeds that will "stand the weather."
Those who are In the "know" regarding
materials say' that winter is much less
trying upon hats than summer; for, while
tho flying snow and chance bath of sleet
may spot the stuff, it Is apt to dry out
again and leave the shape and original
color there. The sun, on the other hand,
and the winds of spring fade out and ut
terly deprive all material of life and tex
ture. In purchasing one should remember
this fact and buy for becomingness rather
than for durability.
It can not be predicted that the foot
flare will go out, for It is seen not only
upon the domestic models but upon the
Imported ones: and this means that it will
prevail all the spring at least.
With the foot flare there must b« noted
the prominence which braiding will take.
Braids of all colors and In every width
will be used freely and very decoratlvely
upon the spring dresses. The newest
a dash and fervor that can only come
from the trained hand supplemented
by actual experience. This is only
possible to one who has lived among
his models and has himself been one
of them — such a man is Mr. Borein.
All typographical matter has been
purposely omitted from Page Elgnt
in order that there might be nothing
to detract from the vital qualities of
this splendid poster. Cut it out.
Paste it on a suitable background.
Be careful to miss none of this series
and you will have as fine a set of
posters for mural decoration as has
ever been published in the Unite!
states. - <*m:
about at will. Then, too, they float In
water and can be given a plunge bath,
a thing which doll mothers always like
to do.
The finest grades are made of celluloid.
They are not large, varying In size from
four to sixteen inches. They cost from
15 cents to $3 75. Their baby faces have
not the fine expression of the bisque ba
bies, but they are made to look attractive
In the shops by putting on them worsted
baby Jackets.
What Is Considered Cheap.
A doll is considered cheap when it costs
anything under 9S cents. Such dolls are
made of a composition of sand, clay and
glue, and are natives of this country. Tha
bodies are stuffed with cotton or excel
sior. The better grades have bodies of
papier mache.
The price of wax dolls ranges from 10
cents to $3 apiece. The finer grades have
paper bodies and cost from 49 cents to
$12 or $15. The cheaper grades, with com-
braids are In two and three colors and in
four and more. They come with the tin
seling set In and with very thin stripes,
giving them something of the appearance
of lace.
The manner In which braid will be used
makes a little chapter by Itself. It will be
applied to gowns, not in those Intricate
windings that usually, characterize braid,
but in great and broadly defined figures.
Braid crossed upon the front of the
bodice is a feature of a gown Just worn
by Mrs. Nellie Grant Sartoris, prettiest of
Washington widows. The braid Is wide
and beautiful in luster. It Is crossed upon
• the front of the waist to make a big hol
low square.
.Trimmings for 1902.
Stitching becomes bolder. It Is now the
thing to arrange it In rows placed so
closely together that It looks like one
broad band of stitching. But It is ruinous
to the goods for any other use, and for
that reason the stitched bands are applied
whenever their use Is possible.
Stitched bands of cloth, stitched bands
of taffeta, stitched bands of velvet and
stitched bands of chiffon upon a silk
foundation are used for trimming pur
poses.
Linings will run toward white as being
daintier, and It must be recorded that
they will soil. True, a white satin lining
wears longer, in point of keeping clean,
than one would suppose. And brushings
will renew its life and applications of
chalk will .hide the dirt. But there comes
a time when the lining must be cleaned,
and one Is treated to the spectacle of a
handsome cloak of black cloth on the way
to the cleaner—to have its lining done.
White will be the color of spring. Ban
ished will the other colors be for a day,
while the scene will be brilliant with Its
gowns of white and Its gowns of all
black. White cloth Is always charming,
and those who will Invest in the luxury
of a white cloth gown will scarcely regret
It. for so many are its uses.
Tho skirt that has been carried so high
this year will now be lowered. It ia even
predicted that it will hang and that silks
and laces will trail their costly lengths
upon the pavements. That this Is prob
ably correct prophecy can be gathered by
the fact that the French pictures show
the women of next spring walking
through streets with skirts dragging.
For the present we have the mouse lift
which elevates the skirts very nicelv anrl
the side lift, which brings them we'll ud
to the knees. The drop skirt fulfills *£
self appointed mission of dropping and re
sembling a dress skirt.
The sheath skirt requires the back lift
one full handed clutch below the wa;«s
line lifts it from the street all the way
around.
Other styles there will be many, but It
is for the gradually lifting curtain of 1902
to reveal them.
position bodies, cost from 10 cents to QL
Baby bisque dolls always sell well. They
are no longer Insignificant creatures,
dressed in long clothes. The expression
of their faces has been mads beautiful.
Usually girls choose dolls which are sup
posed to be from 3 to 7 or 8 years old.
Dolls to represent women are-only pur
chased when a child makes a collection
of dolls. Not even boy dolls are a favor
ite purchase.
Costume dolls, representing different
nationalities, are merely curiosities, and
are never mothered.
Each year a doll's wardrobe grows mori
and more elaborate. Boxes and small
trunks come ready packed with completa
outfits for all occasions.
The cheaper grade of stocking* Is now
made in the United States. All the finer
grades of cotton, lisle thread and silk ar«
Imported from Germany and cost as high
as 50 cents a pair. Any kind and style of
shoe may be purchased for these little
persons. During the last ten years tha
best grades have been made In Philadel
phia and Bridgeport, Conn. Tho caeapeg
ones are Imported from Germany.
Miss Dolly's Wardrobe.
All the straw and felt hats are- made ta
this country, but the lace and silk bon
nets come from Paris. Once tho mackin
toshes were Imported from Germany.
Now they are made here. Umbrellas and
parasols also come from Germany, and
there is always a large assortment te>
choose from.
Kid gloves my be bought In all colors.
at prices ranging from 83 cents to CM.
Fans come from Paris. Some of them
are very beautlfulw pieces of hand paint
ed work. They are made In private homes
In some of the side streets of Paris In thm
Quartler du Temple.
From Paris also come all the jewelry
and toilet articles and tiny purses. Ger
many now sends us corsets for the "lady"
dolls. They cs>st 25 cents.
Formerly when Santa Claus brought a
doll undressed nobody thought of buying
clothes for it. Its fine dress was made out
of a piece of the little maiden's old frock,
and she herself made all its lingerie. Now.
home-made clothes are out of style, and
the dolls' dressmaker Is an established
fact. These Jenny Wrens use patterns
in some cases, but dear me. dolls are so
unlike and differ so In shape and slza
that patterns are not always a success.
The best dressmakers look to Paris for
new wrinkles, and so study and Imitate
the fashions for the big folk.
China dolls are the easiest to dress.
They look the best In a full skirt and
round waist,, with a sash. The chemise
Is the easiest to make; the Jackets are
the hardest.
A visit to the Dolls' Hospital In the
upper shopping district of New York City
about two weeks before Christmas would
give one, an idea of the position of Im
portance which the doll occupies In the
economy of the world.
The corners are stacked"wlth doll pa
tients who have seen hard times. Some of
the shelves are filled with those which
have already passed through the doc
tor's hands. On others are heads of all
kinds and sizes, and hanging from tha
shelves are hands and feet, arms and
legs.
Little girls love the old dolls best It
Is very common. to find a family spend
ing $3 In repairs on a poor little doll which
cost only 23 cents originally.
New hands and feet, also upper arms
and forearms; can be bought for any
price, from 10 cents to $1. A good sized
paper body will cost from 60 cents to S2.
Moving. eyes of all sizes may be found
here and exchanged for an old doll's sta
tionary eyes. Great skill is required In
this operation. Very few can do it.
One tooth may be replaced, and all
kinds of wigs may be found, if dolly has
lost her first crop of hair. These wigs
are made of mohair, angora, lamb's wool
and real hair.
The very newest thing In wiga Is made
with a pompadour. Such a one for %
good sized doll would cost $10. They ax«
Imported from Germany.FASHION DEGREES FOR THE
COMING
YEAR
SHE SAYS THAT EVENING SKIRTS WILL BE SHAPED
LIKE AN INVERTED LILY AND THAT FOB THE STREET
THERE "WELL BE BEAUTIFUL MODES THAT MAKE ALL WO
MEN OF PRINCESS SHAPE— LONG LINES WILL PREVAIL AND
THE EASTER GOWN WILL BE TRIMMED WITH VERY WIDE
BBAID OF MANY COLORS- -SA1 IN CLOTHS ARE ON THEIR
-57 AY HERE, HIGH IN LUSTER AND IN PRICE.
MANX new things come in with
the new year.
She who thinks to keep on
with the same gowns, made in
the same styles and worn In
the same way. will £nl berself laboring
under a miscalculation ere the year hes^
sxowa old. •
Not with slow steps does Dame Fasrii
ion advance, but with positive strides.
She comes on. more than apace, bringing
novelties with her.
lAflea with new ideas is she, this ever
fertile genius, tempting the dollars from
fat purses and luring the very last penny
out of the woman cf modest means who
likes pretty thlngs-
Dame Fashion, while she makes many
changes, does not make sweeping ones,
and for that she must be thanked. She
la Insistent but not radical, arbitrary but
not extreme. A bit whimsical, you might
say. but withal delightfully original; and
those of us who admire her hasten to
Jcia her train of followers. .
Novelties for 1902.
In £he little things Dame Fashion says
tiat:
Skirts Trill be enaped like an Inverted
Ul7. *
Evening deeves consist of a side plait-
Ing of xnonssellne de sole, reaching' from
tee ehoulder to the elbow.
In dinner gowns there must be more
length of sleeve, even to the very wrist,
though the neck be cut low.
A single flower will be embroidered or
appliqued upon the front of a gown, its
petals pointing upward, its leaves spread
ing.
The eingle Cower Idea will be continued
cpon the ekirt. one life-size flower upon
each side
The rose will come in as a deooration
and be used from hat to stocking tip.
The round skirt with plaited hips will
be worn for dancing.
The single Jewel will be placed In a wire
petting, as though It were a solitaire of
priceless worth. Upon the back will be a
shank and this will be sewed into the mid
dle cf f.ne laces.
These and many other things will be
soon noticed.
For those who are getting new dancing
gowns for the coming year there can be
ad\-ised the three-skirted sown. This Is to
be worn all the spring In New York, from
now until Easter and after Easter. It was
eeen upon Hiss Evelyn Burden, one of
New York's fairest belles, and upon Mi<*s
Hay Handy, the Southern beauty, whose
engagement fcas been frequently an
nounced and always to an eligible.
The triple skirt consists, as its name
ci^-ests. of three skirts. They can be
iiade of gauze, of mousseline de sole, of
chiffon, or of tulle, of illusion or net. any
thing that is very light will do.
All are sexved upon one bani,
though all are differently hurr*;
The first one— or under one— may
be in a color, say pistache green: the next
one must be In a lighter shade of green
and the top one in white. All three have
narrow plaltings upon the foot to make
that adorable fullness that is the pride of
the evenlns skirt.
Skirts for 1902. •
Under the triple skirt there Is worn -a ;
taffeta petticoat of perfectly plain mate- - '
rial, -with a knife plaiting set under the
foot.
The Watteau skirts are made three In
number and of three colors. Pink, blue
and very light green make a favorite set
of skirts. The result Is a pretty green that
has a little rose tint in it. One skirt drops
over the other, three deep.
The lily petal skirt is cut upon different
lines. It is tight at the hips and flaring
around the foot. There is sometimes no
overdress, but just a single skirt of satin,
or of taffeta, or of peau de sole, or of
corded silk, made snug, with the flare be
ginning at the knees. Little fans of chif
fon are set In this skirt and chiffon ruffles
are beneath it.
From fashion'-s indications it would
seem as though the woman of 1902 would
do naught but wear her best gowns.
Street dresses there are, to be sure, but
they are kept well in the background in
the display of the corning modes, and the
evening gowns are the only ones that are
brought out. The chiffons and the em
broideries, the appliques and the fancy
trimmings, crowd out the utilitarian
styles. •
It has been suggested that fashion Is
going back -to the time when all women
were elegantly gowned all the day and
when the cloth tailor-made would have
been considered a sadly unfeminlne viola
tion of every canon of pretty art.
The long Bhoulder effect is something
that will be noted at once. This is se
cured in the house gown by the lace col
lar, which is very deep and falls almost
to the waist, front and back.' This gives
the desired slope, as it can be obtained in
no other way.
Shoulders for 1902.
The low shoulder seam has begun to
appear, though ■ happily it has not come
on rapidly. * There are a few gowns cut
with the shoulder seam below the should
er rather than on top of it, fairly hug
ging the arm. and the sloping shoulder Is
the result. -But' this style hampers the
movement of trie arni so in the new gowns
the slope is obtained by trimming the
sleeve in. such a way that it looks as
though the seam were low.
The embroideries of 1S02 will be the most
remarkable of the things to be observed
In the fancies of the year. They will bo
very heavy. f and, no '• matter what the
weight, will; adorn the chiffons.
An embroidery, so thick and so be
sprinkled with gems that it would have
been appropriate upon the weightiest kind
cf a brocade -was the feature of a chiffon
evening dress. The color of the chiffon
was rose: the embroidery In Rose du
Barry colored silk. . Green leaves, pale
buds, Jong stems and pearl drops stood
out against the rose background. So
heavy was the embroidery that the skirt
fairly clung and sagged and on« could
predict that Its durability would be short.
For all wear, street and house, day and
n!ght, the princess will lead in approval.
It is a shape that Is becoming to all,
without exception, and can be worn by
women of every age and clime.
That the princess is universally becom
ing may be doubted, but really such Is
the case, as was demonstrated by a
modiste of great fashion pretensions.
Taking a stout- woman, she dressed her
a rrincess' with very slim effect, 'and 'then
taking a slender girl, she clothed her in a
princess shape, also with very food re
sults.
The Princess for 1902.
In the making of the new princess
gowns there Is a wide latitude allowed.
It must be a tight-fitting dress, without
division between waist and skirt, but it
need not be the waxenlike mold which
characterized the old princess shape.
One form of princess has a waist laid
In little side plaits. At the belt line, or
where the belt would ordinarily come, the
plaits begin to flare and the skirt la
formed by releasing all the plaits com
pletely.
"A^ r perfectly and severely plain princess
Is i relieved of Its trying ■ features by I the
application of , long lines, of;, trimming.
These are, put on from. the neck down
ward to the very hem, and afford a beau
tiful sweep. ,
Miss Hay wears a' black and white' even-
Ing gown cut In princess sb'ape. It 'has a
THE SUNDAY CALL.
-foundation of dull white peau de sole, over
• which Is draped the dullest ■ of . chiffon,
with: no trace of the liberty finish. There
is not a partidw of glisten in the gown,
making It ideal ' for evening . wear .' during
mourning.
Miss Alice Roosevelt la wearing some
very pretty evening dresses. She la a
young woman with money In her own
right and can dress as elegantly as may
please her, Irrespective of her mother's
$300 edict. Her gowns, while not extrava
gant, are certainly very good examples of
the . up-to-date modes.
A gown for evening' Is In light blue. Its
neck is rounding, with a band of lace fin
ishing; it. From this; band of insertion
there falls a, deep -ruffle almost to the
waist. This gives a very Juvenile finish .
to any waist and is a style, that might be
adopted by many women who would like
to follow the small Juvenilities of dress. |
It is" 1 to' be a 'ytar of Vets. A set that
-
attracted some attention at a December
"evening" given by one of the literary set
to which William Dean Howells and his
daughter Mildred belong was worn upon
a gown 1 of old-fashioned black silk.
The set consisted of a skirt flounce at
tached to a band of lace insertion. Around
the hips there was a yoke of lace. The
neck bad its band of lace Insertion, and
falling/from It there was a deep ruffle of
lace. This reached almost to the waist.
A set , displayed In one of, the shop win
dows was made of, Venetian lace. There
were lace bands: for the elbow sleeves,
with a. deep ruffle of lace falling from the
bands. There was a band of lace around
the'yoke. ' with a ruffle failing .from it.",
The hip yoke was very deep and the lace
flounce was attached to it. ; This flounce
was detached at one side to allow of one-.
• ■ - -
Tlt-i i ■ i _.8
THE SUNDAY CALL.Sunday Call Magazine Section
Major Sayres 1 Battery
Copyright, 1901, by Robert Howard Russell.
WHICH books that a-way," ob
served the Old Cattleman, "that
Is. story books, is plumb onfre
queiit In Wolfville." He was
curiously examining Steven
scn's "Treasure Island," which he had
taken from my hand. "The nearest ap
proach to a Wolfville cirk-latin' library
which I recalls Is a copy of 'Robinson
•'rusoe.' an' that don't last long, as one
time when Texas Thompson leaves it lay
la* on a cha'r outeide while he enter? the
Red Light for the usual purpose a burro
who's loafin* loose about the street smells
it. tastes It, approves of it an' tharupon
devovrs It a whole lot.
•** natever do we do for amoosements?
TYe .iElts the dance hall— not to dance, of
course, sech frivol-ties bein' for younger
an* less dignified Eports. We goes o\er
thar more to give our countenance an"
Indorsements to Hamilton, who runs said
hurdy-gurdy en' who's a mighty proper
citizen. We Rays, *Kow?' to Hamilton,
libates, an* rnebby watches 'em 'balance
all* or 'swing- your partners' a minute or
two. an' then proceeds. Then thar's Hug
srins' Bird Cage Op'ry-house, an' now an'
Then we-all floats over thar an' takes in
the dramy. But mostly we camps about
the nod Light — the same, as I intimates
former, bein* a common stampin' ground.
It's thar we finds each other, an", when
thar's nothin' doin'. we upholds the hours
■• i'.'rj' tnles nn'- gossipin" about cattle an'
j V - :"lin'p nn' other topics common to a cow
country. Not an* then thar's a vls'tir.'
treat in town who can onfold a story. In
p«ch event he's made a heap of an' be
comes the star of the evenin' risht off the
r< • '.■ •
""Thar's a Major Sayre* we meets up
v-ith -oree in "Wolfville — he's* thar or. cat
tle trattera vith Old Man Enright— an' I
rcreJ'e how he grows plenty absorbin'
"iitMi! 1 some rf his adventures in that
"Oir cf the Rebellion. This yere Major
ffr.-r^s. by the way. Is, fo T onnerstands.
G iv'nnr of Texas right now. This yere.
however^ is long prior to his bein' chief
ir.jisrS-trate ■ ihsit a-way. ....
"" -':"s a rnssel of us— Bcggs. Tut(.
Cherokee an' Texas Thompson—proems
tinaiin' 'round the Red I-igbt when En
rfgbt intr'docccs this yere Major Sayre.".
T ":m an" Enright'F been chargln' about all
day over by the Cow Springs, an' jest
rede in'. Th;= yere major is easy an'
frtendly, nn' it ain't longer than the third
drink before he shows symptoms of br—
In* v.ili'n' to talk.
." 'Which I ain't been In the saddle ed
Ions." ?ays this yere major, while him
ar.' Er.right is coneiderin* bow far they
sro^s ?fnc3 sun-up, 'since Mister Lee sur
renders.*
" 'You takes your part, mojor,' pays En
rlpht. who's ropin' for p reminiscence
that r-way. *:n them battles of the late
I believes."
" '1 rJioild shorely say so.' say<» the ma
jor. It turns out he's plumb easy to ge'.
started. 'I'm twenty-two years ol<2. come
next grarr. when Texas asserts herse'f as
part of the confederacy, an' I picks up a
hand an' plays it with them other patri
otic yooth? of my region.- Which I enters
the artii'try. but bein' as we don't have
ro cannon none at the jump. I gets de
tailed as a aide ontil something fesemblin'
a battery comes pokin' along. I goc<
p^mb through that f-nrr.age from =cu>>
Tr nuts, an' while I'm «-hot up some as
days go by It's alters "been a source of
felic'tation to me. personal, that I never
slcys no man mysr'f. Shore. I order? my
battery to fire, later when I get* a bat
tery; an' ondoubted th<=-m bombardment -
I inaug'rat?s adds to an' swells the sho.-t
census richt along. But of my own han«l.
it's ever ben a matter of congratulation?
io me that I don't down nobody an' never
Lakes a ske!p.
" 'As I turns them leave* of days that'*
pone I don't DOW< rem«'mber bat one Io
<1i\idyooal openln" for blood that ever pr^-
i^se'f. An" after <"-onsiderir/ the case
in all it's b'arin'>-. I refoosr-s the oppor
tunity an' the chance goos glidin' by. As
a result ib/ir's pfobably'one more Yank
r.n earth than otherwise. An' now that
pracc is yero an* mre all is earnestly set
tlin' down pg'in to be brothers No'th an*
South, I'm free to k;Jv I regyards that ex
tra Yank as a advantage. Shore, he's a
. asset."
* "'Tell us how you fails to pilcct this
Yankee person, mnjor.' says Kn.ro Nel!.
who's perched on her Bliiol as lookout for
«"'herokee's game, jtrhicb I'm plumb intrr
o<=tcd every time that some one don't got
ki'led."
". 'I recounts that exploit with plra —
ure.* says the major, howin' p'lite as Noo
Orleans' first cirkles an' touch! n* his ha:
to Nell. 'It's one day Ti-hrn v.e're In :;
fig!iT* The line of bnttl<* is m^bljv
EtrctFhod out half a mile. As I su'gests,
I'm a-praddlin* 'round p'-rmiscus with ;ii
Ftated arena of effort that a-way. carry
in* dispatches an' turniti' in at anything
that offers as handy as I can. I'm se : i1
f:r.al with a dispatch from the left to the
extreme right of our lines.
" 'When we goes into this yere skrlm
mage we jumps them Lincoln people
Eomewhat onexpectca. They has thrir
blankets an' knapsacks on, an' as they
Cratnes t'oemse'fs up fir the struggle, they
crjrts off this ycrj liaggage.' an' thar it
3.:ys. a wind-row 'of kiwpsarks, blankets
:m' haversacks^ nilghty near a half mile
In length across r3ie p';:i7!. As T.e-aII : rcbs
li.(6 been *pusliln*. them Y.Vnkees huck. a
viol" lot. this yere *Ind-r«w -i? -now to
our r'ar a hrap. I goes cant»-rin*- alung it
«• i my ir.it.aion to the far right with them
(ircers.
" 'Of a Euddcn an' without n word of
a big Yank leaps up from where
iic's !>een burrowiu' down ani'Mig all this
' ycrc plunder, nn* snaps a KnfieM rifle In
niv fnce. 1 pulls- my hoss back lie's
oi:nost Bettin" on his hocks; an' between
us; pcr.ts. that unexpected pprtje by this
Yank «oJnes mighty near surprisiu' me
:-'VPr> out ot tho saddle, I'm that amazed.
Pi-l the EnSeld don't go off none: an'
v,ith that, the Yank throws her down an'
Marts to run. He shorely does vamos.with
the velocity of antelopes. . . _ . .
"* '2Cacb.ern.lly, as soen as me an' my
hoes recovers our composure, we gives
chase plenty rapid. As the Yank Is a-foot.
I runs onto him In the first two hundred
yards. As I comes up, I've got my six
shooter in my hand. I puts the muzzle on
him, sort o* p'intln' between the shouldors (
for gen'ral results; but when it c?mes to
onhookln' that wcepon. I jest can't do it
none. It's too much like munler. llean-
T-hile. the flyin' Yank is Ftampcdin' along
lil:e he ain't got a day to live an' never
turnin" his bead.
" 'I calis on him to surrender. He sim
ply makes a roode remark over his
shoulder at this yore military manoovi?
an* pelts ahead all onabaled. Then 1
evolves- a scheme to wha^k him on thy
head with my gun. I pusnea my noss up
nntil his nose is rignt by that No* them
party's y'ear. Stcadyin' myse'f I makf.9
ji wallop at bin! an" misses. Which 1 h.
xitsiM >o much soul into the blow that
missin' that a-way I comes within' a ace
of flubs of goin' plumb off my hoss an'
onto my head. An' still that exasperalin'
Yank goes rackin' along if anything some
i'aster than previous. I begins to lo&c my
tamper ag'in.
" 'I reorganizes— for at the time I nearly
makes that dive outen the stirrups I pulls
up my hoss to a stop— an' once more takes
up the pUrsoot of this locoed party. He's
my prey fair enough, only he's too obsti
nate to admit it. As I closes on him
sig'in I starts for the second time to drill
him. but I can't make the landin'. I'm
too younjr; my heart ain't hard enough.
So I rides along by him for a bit, an' for
the second time Bu'gests that he surren
der. This Tank ignores me; lie keeps or.
runnin*.
" 'Which sech conduct baffles me. It'3
nbsolootely ag'ln military law. By every
roole of the game that Yank's my captif;
but defyln' all restraint ho goes caperm'
ca like he's dumb free. \
" '.\s I gallops along about four foot to
his r'ar 1 begins to feel a heap he'pless
about him. As I says,~I'm too tender to
shoot, an' thai* I be.
" 'While 1 m keepin' him company on
this yore retreat that a-way I reflects that
even if I downs him that war would go
on jest the same; it wouldn't stop that re
bellion u<>nc nor gain the South her Inde
pendence. The more I considers, too, the
more the war looks bigger an' the life of
this flyin' Yank looks smaller. Likewise
it occurs to me all at once that he's heart
ed no'th. If he keeps up his lick an'
don't turn or twist none he'll have quit
ted Southern territory by the end of thu
week.
■' " 'After makin" a complete round-up ot
the sityooation that a-way I begins to
lose interest in this 'Yank, an' at last I
pulls up an' leaves him racih' along alone.
Jest by the v.ay of stim-lant, as 1 pauses,
I cracks off a couple of -loads outen my
six-shooter into the air. They has a ex
cellent'effect. From the jump that Yank
made at the sound I can see them two
shots put ten miles more- run into him
ehore. He keeps up -that gallop ontil he'a
out of sight, an' I never after feasts my
eyes on him. I goes on with" them-or
ders, an' that's the end.'
" 'Which I regyards your conduct, ma
jor, as plumb hooraanc,' says Dan Boggs,
raisin' his glass p'litely. 'I approves of it,
parti^'lar.' • -
"The major meets Dan's attentions In
the sperit they're proposed. After a mo
ment Enright speaks of them cannons.
"'But you all got a battery final, ma
jor?' says Knright.
" 'Six brass cuns,' says the major, an*
his gray eye beams with the recollection,
an' he speaks of 'em like they was six
beautiful women. 'Six bras3 guns, they
be,' lie says. 'We captured 'em from the
enemy, an' I'm put in command. Gents,
I've witnessed some' successes, personal,
but I never sees the day when I'm as sat
isfled an' as contentedly proud as when I
iinds myse'f in charge of them six brass
guns. I'm like a lover to every one of .'em.
" 'I'm that headlong- to get action— we're
in Middle Loosiana at the time — that I
hauls a couple of 'cm over by the Missis
sippi an' goes prowltn' 'round ontil \ pulls
on a riot with a little Yankee gimboat. It
lusts two hours an' f shore sink? that na
val outfit an' piles the old Mississippi on
top of 'em. I'm so puffed up with this
yere exploit, a pigeon looks all sunk in an'
plumb consumptif compared to me. .
" '.Thar's one feacher of this dooel with
that old gunboat which displeases me,
however. Old Butler's got Noo Orleans
at the time, an' among' other things he's
editin' them Noo Orleans'papers a lot. I
reads in one of 'em a month later about
me sinkin' that scow. It says that I'm a
barb'rous villain an' shoots up that boat
after it surrenders an' old Butler allows
he'll hang me some the moment ever he
gets them remarkable eyes of his onto me.
I don't care none at the time much, only
I resents this yere charge. I shore never
fires a shot-at that gunboat after it gives
up: I ain't so opulent of amm'nltlon as all
that. - j\s time goes on, 'however, thar's a
day comin' when I'm goin* to take them
determinations of old Butler to hang me
more to heart.
" 'Followin' the gunboat episode I'm
more locoed than ever to get that six
gun battery into a flght. Final I has my
WOLFVILLE
STORIES
hopes in them behalfa entirely fulfilled;
It's about 4 o'clock one evenin' when wo
caroms on about three brigades of Yanks.
Thar'3 mebby twelve thousand of us rebs
an' all of fourteen thousand of them Lin
coln people. My Lattery is all the big
Kims we-all has, while said Tanks ia
plenty strong an' over with six full bat
teries. The battle opens up; we're on a
old sugar plantation, an' after manoo
v'erin' about a while wo settles down to
work. It's that day I has them dreams
of mine realized in full. I turns loose my
six guns with that verve an' fervor it
ain't time for. a second drink before T at
tracts the warmest attention from every
one of. them half-dozen Yankee batteries.
Which she's shore a scandal the way them
gents In bloo does snoot me up. / jest to
give you-all a idee: The Yankees slams
away at me for twenty minutes; they dis
mounts two of my guns; they kills or
creases forty of my sixty-six men; an'
when they gets through you-all could
plant cotton where my battery stands, it's
that plowed up. .
" 'It's in the midst of the balle an' I'm
standin* near my number one gun. Thar's
a man comes up with a cartridge. A piece
of a shell t'ars him open an' he falls onto
the gun, limp as a towel, an' then onto
the ground. I orders a party named Wil
liams to the place. Something conies
flyin' down outen the heavens above like,
smites Williams on top of the head, an'
he's gone. I orders up another. He as
aoomes the responsibilities of this p'sition
jest In time to get a rifle- bullet through
the jaw. He lives, though; I sees him
after the war.
" 'As thar's no more men for this place,
I cteps for'ard myse'f. I'm not thar a
minute when all at once I sort o' crip-
pies do-wn- to the ground. I don't feel
nothin' an' can't make It out.
"'While I'm reevolvln' this yere phe
nomenon of me wiltin' that a«way in my
mind: an' tryln' to form 'some opinions
about It, thar'a a explosion like forty
battles all In one. For a instant I reck
ons that somehow we-all has opened up
a volcano Inadvertent, an' that from now
on Loosiaua can boast a Hecla of her
own. But It ain't no volcano. It's my
ammunition wagons, -which with two
thousand rounds is standin' about one
hundred yards to my r'ar. Them enthoo
siastic Yanks done blows up the whole
outfit with one. of them shells.
■" 'It's strictly the thin;?, however, which
lets my- battery out. The thick smoke of
them two thousand cartridges drifts flown
an' blankets what's left of me an' my
battery like a fog. Them Yanks quits
us; they allows most likely they're lifted
me an' them six brass guns plump off tho
earth. /Which thar's some roodirnenfs of
trooth in tho theory.
" 'These yere last Intcrestin' details
sort o' all happens at once. I've jest
dropped at the time when my ammuni
tion wagons enters into the 'sperit of the
'casion like I describes. As 1 lays thar
one of my men comes gropin' along down
to mo In the smoke.
" ' "Be you hurt, Major?" he says.
"'"I don't know," I replies; "my idee
Is that you better investigate a whole lot
an' see."
" 'He ' t'ars open my coat. Thar's no
blood on my shirt. He lifts one arm an'
then the other; they're sound as twenty
dollar gold pieces. Then I lifts up my
left laig; I've got on high hossman boots.
" ' "Pull off this yero moccasin," I
says.
" 'He pulls her off an* thar's nothin*
ths matter thar. I breaks out Into a
profuse sweat; gents, I'm plumb scared
speechless. I begins to fear I ain't plugged
at all; that I've fainted away on a, field
of battle an' doo to become the scoff an*
scandle of two armies. I never feels so
weak an* sick In my life.
" "I've Jest one chance left an' shorely
trembles as I plays it. I lifts up my right
Loot. I win: about a quart of blood runs
out. Talk of reprlevln' folks who's ssn
tenccd to death! Gents, their emotions
is tlio merest imitations of the w;iy I
feels when I finds that them Yanks get
me an' nary doubt tharof. It's all rU,Ut—
a ril!a builflt through my ankle.
" 'That night I'm mowed away -with
twenty other wounded folk3 in a little
cabin off to one side. Thar's a co-UDle of
doctors sizln' up my lalg. I'm well ac
quainted with 'em.
Joe," says one, that a-way, "we'va
got to cut It off."
" 'But I votes "no" emphatic. I'm too
young to talk about goin' shy a lalg. So
they ties it up as well as ever they can,
warnin' me meanwhile that I've got about
one chance in a score to beat the game.
Then they 1 imparts a piece of news that's
a mighty sight worse than them casooal
ties.
" ' "Joe," says this yere doctor, when
he's got me bandaged, "our army's got to
rustle out of yere a heap. She's on the
retreat now. Them Yank's outheld us,
an' we've got to go stampedin'. The worst
Is, thar's no way to take you along, an*
we'll have to leave you."
" 'Then them Yanks will corral me?' I
asks.
" ' "Shore." he replies, "but thar's noth
in' else for it."
" 'It's then it comes on me about that
gunboat an' them promises old • Butler
makes himse'f about har.gin' me when
caught. Which these yere rejections in
foo?cs new life into me.' I makes that
doctor who's talkin' go rumagin* about
ontil he rounds up a old nigger daddy, a
mule an' a twc-whc-ol sugar kyazt. If 3
rainin' by now so's you all ccu{d stand
an* wash 3*our face an' hands In it. As"
that medical sharp loads me In he gives
ma a bottle 'of this yere morphine, an*
between jolts an' groans -I feeus on that
drug till mornir.'.
" 'That old daddy is dead game. Ho
•drives me all nirrht an* all day an* all
night ag'in an" I'm In Shreveport. My
ankle's about the size of a bale of cotton.
Thar's one ray through it all. however:
I misses meetin* old man Eut'er, an' I
looks or. that as a triumph which shore
borders on relief.'
" ' "An' I reckon now," says Dan Bogg«,
"you severs your relations with that
war?"
" 'Xo.' goes on the major: 'I keeps up
my voylence tp the close. When I grows
robust enough to ride ag'in, I'm in Texa3.
Thar's a expedition fittin' out to invade*
an' subdue Xoo Mexico, an' I j'ines dogs
with it as chief of -the big guns. Thar's
thirty-eight hundred bold and buoyant
srerits rides outen Austin on them mili
tary experiments we plans, an' as evin
cin' the luck we has. I needs only to pin't
out that nine months later we returns
with a scant eight hundred. Three thou
sand of 'em killed, wounded an' missin*
shows that efforts to list this yere trip
ender the head- of *"picnics" would be
merest irony.
" 'Comin' as we-all does from 1000 miles
away, thar ain't one of us who savey3,
practical, as much about them sand blown
desert regions we invades as we does of
what goes on in the moon. That Gin'ral
Canby, who later gets downed by the
Modocs, is on the Rio Grande at Fort .
Craig. While w-e're pirootin' abotit iri a
blind sort o' fashion we ropes up one of
Uanby's couriers who's pintin' no'th for
Fort Union with dispatches. This yere
Gin'ral Canby makes the followin' face
tious alloosion to us. After mentionln"
our oninvited presence in the territory, he
says:
"'"But let -'em alone. We'll dig them
potatoes when they're ripe."
" 'Gents, we was them toobers.' An*
yere the major pauses for a drink. 'We
was them potatoes which Gin'ral Canby's
exuitin" over! We don't onderstand it
none at the time, but it all get3 cl'arer
as the clays drifts by. Which I'm never
in a more desolate stretch of what would
be timber only thar ain't no trees, thar's
nothin' for the men, nothin" for the
bosses; half ■ the time tbar ain't even
water. An' then it's alkali. An' our days
teems an' staggers with disgustin' expe
rience?. Once we're shy water two. days,
the third /lay about fourth drink tlma
in the evenin'. The sun has two hour3
jet (o go. 'My battery Is toilin' along".
sand to the hubs of gun carriages 'art'
• caissons, when I see3 my mules p'int their
y'ears for'ard with looks of happy sur
prise. Then them intelligent anamiles be
gins » song r>f- praise: an' next, while we-,
all is marvelin' tharat. an' before ever a
pent can stretch h:uid to bri.dle to stop
'em, them mules begins to fly. They yanks
them, field pices over that desert as busy,
an' full of patriotic. ardor as a drunkard
on 'lection day. The whole battery runs
away. Whatever is it? Gents, them
mules smelis water. It's two mile away
—a big pond she is— an' that locoed bat
tery never stops, but rushes plumb- in
over. it's y'ears; an' I lose sixteen mules
an* two guns before I'm safe ag'in on
terry firmy. If^ short irritutin'! An' yet
-he hisfry of every day is load-d to the
gyards with adventurea sira'iar.
" 'It's shore remarkable,' exclaims this
yere major, settin* down hia glass, 'how
time softens the -view an' changes bitter
to sweet that a-way. As I brings before
me in. review said details, thar'3 nothin'
ever more harassin* from soda to hock
than that campaign on tho Rib Grar.de.
Thar's not one ray of sunshine, to paint a
streak of gold in the picture from frame
to frame; all ia dark tin' gloom an' 1 death.
An' yet. lookin' lmck'ard through them
years, the mcm'ry of it is pleasant - an'
refresbin* enough; a heap, more so than
enterprises of greater ease, with success
instead of failure fo.rtho finish. :.'"■.
" 'Thar's ore partie'lar- incident of them
explorin' expeditious into Noo Mexico
which never recurs to my mind without
leavin' me some dim." I claim to bo
no expert on pathos, an' I'm far from re
gyardin' myse'f aa a sharp on tears that
Continued on Page Fifteen.10
MARY MANNERING
TALKS OF HER NEW PLAY
"GRAUSTARK"
&y Sarah Ccms'.ock.
V "STRESS MARY, as her inti
/ \/j ~ates know her. received me
"f | charmingly.
A Heaven knows there wa«.
every reason why she should not. She
had the right to be sarvane. bear-like. She
had reached here five hours late from Salt
Lake. She was grimy from travel. She
had a headache, the dickens of a head
ache. Her trunks were not here. She had
to play that night. And even so she was
charming.
I always credit a large margin of pro
fes'ional charmingness to the advertising
account qt the press, but this was too
much for my skepticism. If she had
clapped ire with one hand and sworn at
her maid with the other I might have un
believed. Eut she didn't. She smiled at
the maid with a smile that was not in
tended for publication, and was well
worth publishing. If she wasted the
same kind en the Johnnie, happy day for
him.
Xot that the Johnnie is awaitinz it!
Mistress Mary has been so shockingly
public about being: happily married that
everybody knows her reputation and she
doesn't care. The Johnnie gave up all
hojpe cf her long ago. The matinee girl
has let Hackett slide of late, too.
"I have come to hear you talk about
Graustark," I said.
"Eless you for that," she cried, clasp
ing my hand. "About Graustark. Camille,
Shakespeare— anything, anybody, except
Janice arc fcer curl."
"Tor den't love Janice, then?" It was
very urerpected. They usually live Par
thenla, breathe Juliet, dream Carmen.
"Oh, I shouldn't have said that, I know
5t im't business," she continued, "but ir
you had played that simpering girl for
two seasons you would know how I feel.
I am sick cf her adventures. No wonder
she had plenty of them. Any girl could
who was ready to run away with the first
man that came alons."
"What sort cf a woman do you want to
play?"
"I w-nt to play a woman. Janice war.
r.ct that. That Is why I look forward so
happily -to Graustark. It is cne of the
most beautiful stories that I have ever
rrad. It is full of romance, cf true feel
ing, and what counts to me Is that the
heroine is a woman who doesn't simper."
"Str erg-minded 7"
"As opposed to weak-minded, yes. She
Is strcng and sweet both, as the ideal
woman must be. She is brave, ch, so
brave; and she knows how to love so well.
I do hope that I may play her soon."
"Arc ycu studying fcr her?"
"All the time. I read the book over and
over cni.Il I feel that I know her and all
her feelings. It is the only way that I
can study, fcr lbs play hasn't been writ
ten yet. end I can't study the local h!s
tcry of a mythical province."
"Who is gc!rs to do the dramatiza
tion r m
"1 don't fcnaw. That Is where tha
trouble conies in. There was one dramati
zation written, but it wouldn't do at alL
I wouM-'t have It. The author did not
appreciate the Princess, and I cannot
have her unjustly treated- She is so fine
es well zs strong, and I won't have her
Eaoc out to be anything less. How I ■wish
Clyde Fitch could dramatize her for me—
he understands. But Clyde has reached
that very comfortable place where he
doesn't have to dramatize ether people's
becis. He ccn aflcrd to bs original."
"What was wrong with the play be
sides the conception cf the Princess?"
"Everything. The author made all the
delightful people so cheap, so common
place. When the delightful thing about
them was that • they •were uncommon
place. Lorry Is a splendid fellow and he
deserves to be shown up in the very best
iitht.
"Jr: the dramatization that was sub
mitted the first scene ttos laid in the Tail
w'ay static- ar.d jill sorts and conditions
of pecr'e appeared. They were low come
dlar.s. 'The thing-,' Zlr. Hackett says.
Vasges'-ed Mr. Earrxs of New York.' It
vrzs ali bourgeois, horribly so. The com
edy Introduced In £-^ch a play must be of
the f.ncst. meet subtle kind. It Jarred."
Ycu EhsaM have seen Mistress Mary
ray. "It jarred." She shuddered as dain
tily aa a cat does at water. It was de
iiclcus. fastidious, Frcnchy. Mistress
llary can be just in from a grimy rail
road trip ana still suggest the roses and
ir.Ies of life.
"I wish I cci2ia \rrH2," she went on. "I
krow just how I would dramatize Grau
ctari. I would lay the Hrst act In "Wash
ington where Lorry lived. Let him be
with b!s fr'.cr.ds and give the account of
his romantic meeting with Miss Guggens
lockcr in narrative to the men. All of
the railroad scenes wcuM In this way be
made descriptive and very condensed.
Lorry should hava a chance here to es
tablish himself with the audience, but
very little should te seen of the Prin
cess. She could enter ones when he !s
showing her about— that would be enough.
The audience would get ths impression of
a broad-minded, up-to-date, womanly
woman. Sufficient fcr the time. . ;
"Now If _ I could write. cou!d really
write. I should' let the second act ba In
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the chamber, in that wonderful s»^>«
where Lorry rescues the Princess from
her abductors. "We have skipped across
the pond to the mythical land of Grau
stark now; Lorry has gone there and
found that his Miss Guggenslocker Is ro
less a person than the Princess of the
little realm. The plot to abduct her has
been formed by some of her unworthy
subjects and Lorry is beginning to estab
lish himself as her protector. He finds
out the scheme of the abduction— the men
are going to make the attempt while she
is sleeping.
•Tha scene is laid in her chamber and
both women are In nlgbtrobes. There
fore it is extremely risky."
Take note well that Miss Mannering did
not add an "e" accented to our good
word "risk," but gave us the square En
glish of it.
"But in spite of its being risky it need
not be -vulgar. It is all in the dark and
It can be written so that It glides safely
over the paper-thin Ice. Oh, if I could
only write!"
I thought of the scene and wished tf
she could.
""Well, I don't dare hope that we will
find an author who can attempt this. At
any rate. Lorry rescues Yetive and then
we pass on to the throne room.
"Here comes In the most charming com
edy scene- In the play. The Princess
shows Lorry the throne room and then
tells him how, when she was oniy a wee
mite, she used to have to climb to tha
throne and dangle her wee feet and listen
to those long-winded diplomats in their
everlasting talk which she didn't under
stand at all and it was so hard to pre
tend. She shows him how she struggled
to tha throne and played at being grown
up and dignified, and her business is all
daintily ingenuous and humorous. It Is a
good prelude to the serious and strenuous
work that follows.
"That is what I like so much about the
Princess— she is everything," Mistress
Mary broke off In a new rapture. "Sr|/
has her girlish moments, although she is
so thoroughly a woman. She Is for the
most part serious, but she Is humorous
too at times. That is so necessary- A
part to be entirely lovable must show a
dickering of all the lights and shades of
human feeling. Oh, she Is so adorably,
splendidly, wonderfully human!"
Mistress Mary, having forgotten for the
moment that I was not the Princess
Yetive, looked at me with those large
and not too large, soft and not too soft
brown eyes in the way that I presume
she looked at Mr. Hackett when he de
cided he didn't care a continental whether
he renounced all matinee idolhood or not.
She came back after a minute.
"The act closes with the prettiest love
scene that ever was written. Here you
see what the Princess is— she leaves off
the Princess for a little while and is all
the woman. Here the softest light of all
is thrown on her beautiful character.
"And then in the fourth act comes the
great climax, the great throne room
scene. Yetive in her royal robes— ob^
such robes as they shall be! They shall
not be the most costly; no one will be able
to advertise them as if they were articles
of commerce on display. That thing 13
all overdone nowadays— we are becoming
clothes-horses to show gowns. The Prin
cess shall wear a robe that will show
her, that will mean her. This is art The
gown shall be all white and pure like her,
and the robe shall be long and purple to
betoken her royalty.
"And the scene shall be framed for its
iction, for its acting, for its character
studies. It shall not be called the most
spectacular* or 'the most extravagant.' I
won't be a supernumerary to scenery. 1
want a chance to try myself, to work
for my art. Oh, this catering: to the cheap
demand of the public is slavery."
For an instant the sneaking flicker of a
skepticism, passed before my eyes and I
dared wonder how often this had been re
hearsed. But on the instant I glanced at
the maid. She had dropped her needle on
the floor and was not looking for it.
She was gulping down her mistress' en
thuslasm with wide, delighted eyes. .Mr?:.*
skepticism sneaked o**t as it had come in.
"In the great scene at the end where tha
Princess says, 'I love him'— there is her
chance for art. Then perhaps I can make
the public like it so that I won't be kept
ladling out simpers to their voracious ap
petites.
"Or maybe we are wrong. TVe blame
the public for not wanting what is fine
and strong and great. Perhaps if wa
could give it to them they would want It.
Perhaps it is because we succeed only in
the trivial that they keep us at that."
Ye gods! From a popular star!
■ * ■
Far away Japan has been penetrated
by the woman's club movement. The
dainty little brown women who have al
ways been likened to butterflies have be
come Qonsdous that a useful and help
ful life is more to be desired than an
ornamental one. and they are going In for
progress heart and soul. One of thalr
new women movements, called the Jafaa
Society for the Culture of Women, i 3
based on the Chautauqua principle and
already has a membership of 10,000
women in towns and villages throughout
the country.SUNDAY CALL CALENDAR
1902
THE SUNDAY. CAXIi.
1112
ry*f VOLUME of admirably written
f I etories represents the latest work
f— I of A. T. Quiller-Couch. These
V. I tales, entitled "The Laird's Luck,
JL and 1 Other Fireside Tales." vary
in subject from war with its attendan.
horrors to the supernatural and Its m>s
t erics. In all of them there is the fine
adjustment of style to subject which
makes the work of Quiller-Couch that of
a master of the art of story telling.
Whether the scene is laid in the present
time or in past centuries there is the
same admirable representation ot tne
characteristics displayed by people of a
particular period.
"The Two Scouts" is a story of the
Peninsular campaign, when the forces of
Wellington were pitted against those of
Marmont. In the s-rvlce of the Euglisn
are two scouts, distant kinsmen and been
named McNelll. One is a Scotchman born
and bred, while the other, though of
Scotch descent, is a Spaniard by birtji and
training. The methods employed by the
two McNeills in gaining information of
the movements of the French army areas
diverse as their training has been. The
Scotch McXeill, although working in the
heart of the enemy's country, disdains to
u«e more of a disguise than is afforded
him by throwing a dark riding cloak over
his uniform. The Spanish McNelll, on the
other hand, assumes any disguise which
will enable him to penetrate the lines of
the enemy. Both men are famous among
the French for their success in carrying
to Wellington information of the plans of
the other side. The scouts do not work
together. As a consequence of this and
of the secret nature of their work the
French confuse the Identity of the two
men and endeavor to punish one for the
acts of the other. The contempt felt by
each McNeill for the methods of the oth
er which reveals an irreconcilable differ
ence In disposition, and education, has
been described in a manner which lends
a great deal of humor to a story of what
is in reality a very serious business— the
work of a spy.
"The Poisoned Ice" is a weird tale of a
plague-Infected city, which encounters ad
ditional horrors in the depredations which
are Inflicted upon it by pirates. Some of
these outlaws are at last brought to a
well merited end by a priest, who leads
them en to drink a delicious cordial cooled
by poisoned ice, which he has manufac
tured. It is the sort of story which only
a fine skill In the telling can reconcile one
to hearing.
"Captain Dick and Captain Jack" are
two rival English sea captains who have
an encounter with French frigates during
the war of a century ago. The way In
which these men bring their ships safe
out of the meeting and the amusing in
cidents to which this gives rise make up
a story to lighten the somberness of those
which precede and follow.
The opening story. "The Laird's Luck,"
is on a theme outside the experience of
prosaic lives. The laird, David Mackensle.
is a young Scotchman who is attended by
a familiar spirit. This being turns all the
good luck of the laird to ill luck. Mac
kensie enters the army, where he bids
fair to earn honor. But the .officious at
tentions of his ethereal companion, who
has no sense of either right or wrong,
bring into his life troubles, whose happy
solution is impossible because of the un
usual nature of their occasion.
"Three Men of Badajos" Is another
Ftory of the Peninsular campaign. This
time the subject is the effect which the
actual experience of battle had upon a re
cruit from a village in England. This
man after entering the army begins to
feel sure that he Is a coward and to fear
that he will lose his self-control when he
goes into battle. As it turns out, this Is
just what he does do. When the time for
lighting arrives he is driven into the thick
of a ttr-ible fight, where the noise and
the horrible sights send him into a frenzy,
whose effects last until the day of his
death.
Perhaps the story which shows the
best workmanship is "Phoebus on Halza
phron," a charming recitation of what is
supposed to be an old legend of the coast
of Cornwall. Graul, the King of the land
of Lyonnesse, is in dire trouble on ac
count of the sorrows of his people. Not
knowing where to turn for help, he prays
to some unknown god of goodness of
whose existence he is instinctively aware.
After a little Phoebus appears In all the
glory of his eternal youth. For several
years the divinity helps the people by the
brightness of his presence and by the
prosperity which he brings upon the land.
To woo the people from their sorrows
the sun god sings to them the heavenly
strains which once delighted immortal
ears and tells to them the old myths of
the classic land where he has ruled. The
story of Biton and Cleobis reappears here,
related with such . delightful qualntness
that in spite of its familiarity it will bear
quotation:
"In Hellas, In the kingdom of Argos,
there lived two brothers— Cleobis and
Biton— young men, well to do and of
jrreat strength of body, so that each had
■won a crown in the public pmes. JCow,
once when the Argives were keeping a
festival of the Goddess Hera their mother
had need to be driven to the temple in
her chariot, but the oxen did not return
from the field in time. The young men,
therefore, seeing that the hour was late,
put the yoke on their own necks and
drew the car in which their mother sat
and brought her to the temple, which was
forty-five stades away. This they did. in
?ight of the multitude assembled, and the
men commended their strength, while the
women called her blessed to be the moth
er of such sons. But she, overjoyed at
the deed and its renown, entered the
temple, and standing before the image
of Hera prayed the goddess to grant her
two sens, Cleobis and Biton, the greatest
boon which could fall to man. After she
had prayed and they had sacrificed and,
eaten of the feast the young men sat
down in the temple and fell asleep and
never woke again, but so made an end
with life. In this wise the blessing of
Hera came to them; and the men of
Argos caused statues to be made of them
and set up at Delphi for a memorial of
their piety and Its reward."
"Midsummer Fires," "D'Arfet's Venge
ance" and "Margery of Lawhibbet" make
up the remainder of the book. The first
, is a story of a husband's trust in his
wife and the reward it brought to him.
The' hero of the second tale is an Eng
lishman of the fifteenth century, who
spends years of time and toil to brin^
about the punishment of a man and
woman whom he hates, but who, at the
last, foregoes the accomplishment of this
Hfe work because of a scruple of con
science.
Margery of Lawhibbet is a noble Eng
lish girl of the time of the Civil War. At
the cost of her own suffering she saves
the honor of her brother when he is
about to play traitor to the cause of the
King. (Published by Charles Scrlbner's
Sons, New York. Price 51 50.)
The Tirst Men. in the Mood..
In the latest book of Mr. H. G. Wella
he takes his reader on a long journey
through space, and shows him enough
of tft« entr»*k£. <2 tha moon to make him
wish that the story were longer than it
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
is. Mr. Wells Is so expert In combining
scientific facts and possibilities with fic
tion into an interesting romance that it
is sometimes difficult for the average
reader to detect the point where one
leaves off and the other begins. In the
present story, "The First lien In the
Moon," the moon is the scene of the prin
cipal events.
So much speculation has gone on about
present and past conditions of that pre
sumedly dead orb, that when we hear
that human life exists beneath its sur
face^ and vegetable life above ground at
certain seasons, we are naturally pre
pared to hear some such tale of wonder
as that which Mr. Wells has prepared
for our delectation. An Interesting tale
it is. in spite of the fact that here, as in
most of Mr. Wells' stories of improbable
events, there is a strong element of the
weird and the grotesque which causes a
shudder as well as a smile.
The first men to go to the moon, ac
cording to our historian, are two Eng
lishmen, who travel from the earth to
the moon in a steel sphere Invented by
one of them, Mr. Cavor. Cavor is a sci
entist who discovers a substance which
he calls "cavorlte." This substance is
found to possess the power of overcoming
the attraction of gravitation. Conse
quently, when it is placed between any
particular object and the eaTth. this ob
ject, as it has then no specific gravity,
has a tendency to rise In the air.
Cavor, assisted by a friend, Mr. Bed
ford, constructs a steel sphere which has
on the outer surface an enameling • of
cavorite. The sphere is furnished with a
suply of solidified air, food and every
thing else necessary to support in comfort
Cavor and Bedford when they go on a
journey they plan. When all is in readi
ness the sphere is set loose from earth
and goes floating off rapidly into space.
By opening windows placed in different
"parts of the sphere it can be made sub
ject to the law of gravitation and be at
tracted toward a particular object. Cavor
decides to visit the moon and sails In its
direction. The description of the land
ing on the moon just before the breaking
of the lunar day, the approach of light
and the transformation it effects in turn
ing a dead world into one quickened by
life is one of the best things in the book.
Cavor and Bedford alight from the
sphere and begin their investigations of
the new world. They soon lose sight of
the sphere, and before they can recover
it they are captured by the Selenltes, as
they dub the inhabitants of the moon.
These creatures are in form closely al
lied to insects, but in power of mind they
have advanced to a point beyond that
attained by man.
Bedford and Cavor are carried by these
creatures to the underground world
where they live. The Englishmen have a
glimpse of the wonders of the Selenite
civilization before they make their es
cape to the surface of the moon. When
they are once again there they separate
and start upon a search for the sphere.
Bedford is lucky enough to find it. He
sets out again to see if he can discover
Cavor. This he fails to do, but he finds
a note from Cavor saying that he has
again been captured by the Selenites. As
the lunar night is almost at hand Bed
ford is compelled to go back alone to the
sphere. He intends to revisit the earth
and there find the resources necessary to
effect the rescue of Cavor. Bedford docs
make his way to the earth, but soon after
reaching It he loses the sphere beyond
hope of recovery. So Cavor Is left to his
fate alone in the moon. Something Is
heard ot Cavor again, however, as he
finds means to telegraph to the earth
something more of his discoveries there.
His reports are fragmentary, but they
glve in clear outline the salient features
of the peculiar life of the moon people.
Cavor's disappearance from sight, or
rather from hearing, comes all too soon
to satisfy the curiosity of the reader as
to the peculiar race of Selenites, with
their intellect and their ugliness. (Pub
lished by the Bowen-Merrill Company,
Indianapolis.)
Annie Deane.
"Annie Deane," by A. F. Slade, is a
novel out of the common. The story told
is of the struggles toward a re
pentance for sin committed In youth by
a poor, embittered, girl. Annie Deane
leads the thoughtless life of a child until
rhe finds that sin committed even in ig
norance brings in its train consequences
■which cannot be escaped. When she is
little more than a child she is made to
eee that the world considers her life a
ruined one. Relying on the promptings
of what is really a noble nature, she re
fuses to accept the harsh verdict of the
world. Deploring her sin, and yet seek
ing to hide it, she bravely takes up a
struggle for a material independence
which will allow her to atone for her
past by making it productive not of the
evil it promises, but of good to herself
and others. After years of work in a
menial capacity she lives to see herself
respected, and to know that the very
wrong which she committed she has
made work for ultimate good.'
The book Is a plea for a wider working
of the principles of Christianity in the
judgment of the world upon women who
err. In the character of Annie the author
has put forth a strong case In support of
the right of women, to demand of the
world permission to win by right living
reversal of a judgment once passed upon
them. (Published by Brentano's, New
York.)
3ecau.se of Conscience.
One of the latest of the historical nov
els is "Because of Conscience," by Amy
E. Blanchard. It is called "a novel relat
ing to the adventures of certain Hugue
nots in old New York." It follows in the
main the adventures of a conventionally
charming heroine who turns Huguenot
while a very young girl in France and
flees to America in the dress of a boy, ac
companied by Michelle, * her old nurse.
They are in search of the little heroine's
father, who had previously escaped from
his native France, being likewise a
Huguenot.
The book is full of hairbreadth escapes
and fairly well sustained interest. It Is
stereotyped in plot and style. The heroine
has numerous persistent lovers, one of
whom resorts to ingenious measures to
kidnap her. He Is the bold, bad villain of
the plot, a Catholic Frenchman. The
lover whom Alaine loves in return Is the
stolid young Dutchman who rescues her
upon one occasion from the black-browed
and black-hearted DuponC
Poetic justice is generously distributed
when the young Dutchman rescues the
father of Alaine, making it highly ap
propriate that she marry the rescuer. The
villain dies conveniently and those that
deserve it live happy ever after.
However, although the book is In no
wise original, it is brisk in narrative and
quick in dialogue. It runs very little to
description, but there are here and there
touches of picturing that give an attract
ive coloring to the whole. The scene
where Francois, the villain, and Ver
planck, the favorite lover, fight in the
woods Is a fair example of the frequent
thrills of the narrative. Verplanck is try
ing to make off, with Alaine, is stopped by
Francois, and finally succeeds in lassoing
him with a slender leathern rope. .
"Francois bowed himself and fiercely
tore at the slender deerskin thongs, and
at last, running backward, was able to
slacken the cord and to wriggle himself
out of its hold. A moment more and his
pistol was ready in his hand. Alaine fore
saw his intention, and before he could
fire she sprang before her deliverer, who
had sunk upon his knees and was lean
ing heavily against a tree, all his strength
gone from this, last effort. 'Monsieur,'
cried the girl, 'it is an American custom,
you say, to use a woman as a shield.
Monsieur Verplanck has proved that it is
false, and that it is but the makeshift of
a coward. Yet, because you have shown
me how powerful a shield a woman can be
I stand here.' She gave a quick glance
at the fainting figure before which she
stood; then she lifted her head high and
faced Francois. 'I defy you, Monsieur,'
she said.
"He rushed at her, blind with rage. 'I
■will kill you before you shall escape me,'
he cried."
(Published by J. B. Lippincott Com
pany, Philadelphia.* Price, $1 50.)
Propert7 and Trusts.
Under" the titles, "Democracy and
Trusts" and "People and Property," there
have been published two addresses of
Edwin B. Jennings, who has achieved
considerable repute as a writer on eco
nomic topics, and wno was a delegate
from New York to the National Anti-
Trust Conference held at Chicago in 1900.
Neither of the volumes undertakes any
thing like a careful study of the subject
discussed. Mr. Jennings has decided
views on the trust issue and expresses
Unp^bTTsf-^d DraWTfigs by 5^2^ FfgTd.
EUGENE FIELD AS A
FRIEND KNEW HIM.
THERE has just been published by
Charles Scribner's Sons a life of Eu
gene Field In two volumes by Slason
Thompson, > (Price $3.00.) Mr.
Thompson was a warm personal friend of
Field and therefore well fitted to become
his biographer. These two volumes are
especially interesting on account of the
great number of letters by Field to inti
mate friends and the unique and original
illustrations reproduced which Field so
enjoyed making a part of his correspon
dence. The numerous and little known
portraits of Field and the great wealth of
anecdote form a feature of the books. The
following extracts will serve to give an
idea of the contents of the work:
There -were two Fields — the author and
the man— and it is the purpose of this
study to reproduce the latter as he ap
peared to those who knew and loved him
for what he was personally, for the
benefit of those who have only known him
through the medium of his writings.
In doing this it is far from my inten
tion and farther from my friendship to
disturb any of the preconceptions that
have been formed from the perusal of his
works. These are the creations of some
thing entirely apart from the man whose
genius produced them. His fame as an
author rests on his printed books and will
endure as surely as the basis of his art
was true, his methods severely simple
and his spirit gentle and pure. In his
daily work the dominant note was that of
fun and conviviality.
It is more than probable that Eugene
Field chose Chicago for the place of his
permanent abode after deliberately
weighing the advantages and limitations
of Its situation with reference to his
literary career. He felt that it was as
far East as he could make his home with
out coming within the Influence of those
social and literary conventions that have
squeezed so much of genuine American
flavor out of our literature.
He had received many tempting offers
them In a way that will be more pleas
ing to those who agree with him that
trusts are forms of robbery than to those
who are as yet but students of the prob
lem and wish for argument rather than
denunciation. His style and method may
be estimated from two quotations; the
lirst taken from "Democracy and Trusts" :
"It might v be well for the old king to
consider a few facts calmly and without
passion. Let him not lose his head. The
last king to do that was Charles I. His
main protection has been his secrecy and
his infernal hypocrisy. Let the people
once awaken to the full knowledge of
his crimes and he will be shattered as by
a stroke of lightning." The second .is
from "People and Property": "If any
citizen should catch a sneak thief in his
house making off with his coat he would
take him to the nearest police station
and there make his charge. He must
look to the law for the rest. This general
remark applies 'to the Standard Oil trus
tees. It would seem that any honest citi
zen would be justified in knocking one
down and dragging him to the nearest
police station. To begin with, the presi
dent would have a salutary effect upon
the others."
It will be seen that Mr. Jennings has
more of the stump speaker than the phil
osopher In his niake-up. His addresses
do not lack what is called "snap," and
will doubtless prove popular, but they
are of little value, to earnest students of
the trust problem. (Published by The
Abbey Press, New York. Price 50 cents
each.) .
The Children's Health.
A third volume has just appeared in
that excellent series, "The Parent's Li
brary." "written by Florence Hull Win
terburn. Mrs. Wlnterburn, in her books
"Nursery Ethics" and "From the Child's
Standpoint," gave so much that savored
of good common sense and years of ex-
■
THE SUNDAY -CAM,.
perience that her last work, "The Chil
dren's Health," cannot fail to receive a
warm welcome. In the present volume
she does not pretend to give a treatise on
health and hygiene from the st&ndpoint
of disease treatment, but rather the pre
vention of disease by the proper regula
tion of life. She has succeeded admirably
and very closely approximated her Idea
announced in the preface of writing "a
simple little manual containing the laws
of health as based upon evolution, and
giving broad outlines instead of pet the
ories." Her book begins with a general
discussion on "The Health Demanded by
Modern Life." She then considers: "The
Child and His Atmosphere," "Educating
the Nerves," "Nature's Sweet Restorer,"
"Nutriment and Growth," "The Relation
of Grace to Health," "Vocal Expression,"
"Culture of the Emotions," "Defective
Children," and at the end gives a chap
ter on "Recreation and Social Life."
"The Children's Health" is published by
The Baker and Taylor Company, New
York. Price, $1 25.
Caleb Wright.
"Caleb Wright," by John Habberton,
the author of "Helen's Babies," is a story
of a small town in the West. It differs
much from the typical stories of Western
life, with their accounts of the doings of
desperadoes. The little town where Ca
leb Wright and his friends live is a peace
ful, law-abiding community, whose main
disadvantage lies in being shut off from
the wider life of the great world. To this
town there comes from New York a man
and his wife, whose energy revolutionizes
its fortune and helps develop its re
sources until It has a bright future be
fore it. These people find in Caleb Wright
from New York newspapers before com
ing to Chicago and after our acquaintance
I do not believe a year went by that
Field did not decline an engagement; per
sonally tendered by Mr. Dana, to go to
the New York Sun at a salary nearly
double that he was receiving here.
But, as he told Julian Ralph on one
occasion, Y\e would not live in or write for
the East. For, as he put it, there was
more liberty and fewer literary "fellers"
out West, and a man had more chance to
be judged on his merits and "grow up
with the country."
Practically all Field's scholarship and
mental equipment, so far as they were
obtained from books, were acquired after
he came to Chicago and he was never
lifted above the ragged edge of impecuni
osity until he began to receive royalties
from the popular edition of "A Little
Book of Western Verse" , and "A Little
Book of Profitable Tales."
His domestic life -was spent in flats or
rented houses until less than five months
before his death. The photographs taken
a few months before his death of Eugene
Field's home and the beautiful library in
which he wrote are ghastly travesties on
the nomadic character of his domestic ar-
a strong ally in their efforts toward bet
tering the condition of the town. Caleb
is a simple, kind soul, with a fund of na
tive humor and wisdom. He works for
years to giv$ happiness to others, and at
last ho finds his reward In prosperity and
in the love of a woman who is good
enough herself to appreciate the nobility
of Caleb.
"Caleb Wright" Is a simple tale of a
quiet life. It does not arouse deep emo
tions, but it pleases, as must do any well
"drawn picture of life, even if this portray
only the simple events of lives which fate
has placed amid unromantlc surroundings.
(Published by the Lothrop Publishing
Company, Boston. Price, $1 50.)
iliirVo Young Ranchmen.
"Three Younp Ranchmen," by Captain
Ralph Bonehill, relates the adventures of
three brothers, Allen, Chetwood and Paul
Winthrop. These boys have been left to
support themselves as best they can on
a lonely ranch In Idaho. They have a
hard time and meet with many thrilling
adventurtrf, but at last prosperity smiles
upon them and they are able to leave
their ranch and go away to school and
college. (Published by the Saalfleld Com
pany. Price $1.)
Jingleman Jack.
"Jingleman Jack" is a book to delight
the heart of the small boy. The rhymes,
by James O'Dea, cover many of the call
ings, trades and crafts of the day, and
the illustrations by Harry Kennedy and
designs by Charles Costello form no small
part ; in making. the book a most attrac
tive | holiday .. volume. First we have a
jingle to- the sailorman,. followed by one
to the artist, and then come in succes
sion the lumberman, bricklayer, farmer,
teamster, tailor, cobbler, miner, cowboy,
blacksmith, fireman, miller, engraver,
iron-molder, lawyer, glasa-blower, baker,
cook, brldge-bullder. printer— and so on
for some twenty-nine more. Each rhyme
has its own full page picture in colors,
which brightens the book and will allure
the youth into spending a few of his busy
minutes in the quiet occupation of read
ing and picture seeing instead of mischief
making. (Price $125.)
Merry Time Songs for Children.
Although this charming collection of
songs is designed for children, the moth
ers will enjoy them quite as much as the
little ones. Laura E. Richards, who
writes such pretty verses for St. Nicholas,
contributed to the number; also Anna M.
Pratt,' who knows so well the tastes of
the small child. The pages are reduced
from, originals, several of which were dis
played at the late exhibition at the Hop
kins Institute. The illustrations arc, of
course, delightful, for Albertine Randall
Whelan did them, and all of the little ones
who enjoyed her "Moon Babies" last year
will wish to have a copy of these songs
which she has illustrated. The music is
by Charles H. McCurrie, and 13 very, tune
ful. The melodies show great variety and
suit admirably the words for which they
are written. It is a local production and
deserves the popularity it will certainly
attain. (Published by Sherman, Clay &
Co., San Francisco.)
Exercise Book.
"Practical Exercises on the Latin
Verb,"/ by Katherine Campbell Reiley,
teacher of Latin, Brooklyn Heights Semi
nary, is a copy book of blanks for exer
cises on the Latin verb, prepared to econo
mize the time of both teacher and pupil
and to present the verb in such a way
that its acquisition will be both easy and
permanent. It has grown out of the prac-
rangements for many years before June,
1895 — dreams for which he longed, but only
lived to realize for four brief months.
AH the best Field wrote previous to 1S9O
—and it includes the best he ever wrote
except "The Love Affairs of a Biblio
maniac,"—was written In a room to which
many a box stall Is palatial, and his sole
library was a dilapidated edition of Bart
lett's "Familiar Quotations," Cruden's
VConcordance of the Bible" and a well
thumbed copy of the King James version
of the Bible. He .detested the revised
version. The genius of this man at this
time did not depend on scholarship or
surroundings, but on the companionship
of his fellows and the unconventlonallty
of his home life. '
Field never believed that he was sent
into the world to reform It. His aim was
to amuse himself and if in so doing he
entertained or gratified . others, so much
the better. "Reform away," he was once
reported as saying, "reform away, but as
for me, the world is good enough for me
as It is. I am a thorough optimist. In
temperament I'm a little like old Horace—
I want to get all the happiness out of the
world that's possible."
And he got it, not intermittently and in
chunks,, but day by day and every hour
of the day.
tlcal needs of the classroom after long
experience, and may be used in connec
tion with any beginner's manual or les
sons.. It seems well designed for over
coming one of the greatest difficulties in
laying rapidly and well the .foundations
of a knowledge of Latin grammar— that
of giving the pupil thorough and effective
drill on the verb. (Published by the
American Book Company, New York
Price, 50 cents.)
The Old Northwest.
"Baldwin's Conquest of the Old North
west," by James Baldwin, is supplement
ary to tho same author's "Discovery of
the Old Northwest," yet is complete in
itself. Commencing with the completion
of the French colonization about 1735 it
covers a period of a hundred years end
ing with the last struggle, in this region
between the forces of barbarism and civ
ilization (1832), and the completion of the
American conquest. This Is an attempt
to present for younger readers the little
known but varied, interesting and im
portant history of this magnificent sec
tion of our country, the romantic side of
which is being exploited in such works
of fiction as the late Maurice Thompson's
* Alice of Old Vlncennes." (Published by
the American Book Company, New York.
The Golden Tooth.
"The Golden Tooth," by J. Maclaren
Cobban, is a novel containing a mystery
A murder is committed in England, and
an amateur detective sets out to find the
unknown murderer. As is usually the
case in detective stories, the professional
detectives accuse of crime an innocent
man, and it is left for the amateur to un
ravel mysteries and to bring the real cul
prit to justice. It is the strange thing
about stories of this class that in them
men who spend their lives unraveling the
mysteries of crime always follow up a
false clew, while a man who is supposed
to give his time and attention to other
pursuits suddenly develops a genius for
the detection of crime which i3 as sur
prising as it is sudden. Those who care
for any sort of a detective story will like
"The Golden Tooth"; the more fastidious
would better avoid it, as there is really
nothing commendable in It. (Published
by F. M. Buckles, New York. Price
$1 25.)
Literary Notes.
Little, Brown & Co. have just complet
ed the publication of their Valois edition
of the romances of Alexandre Dumas, In
forty volumes. There are two styl •
cloth and half morocco. It is uniform
with the Centenary Balzac.
Maxfield Parrish, who has made some of
the most striking colored pictures in the
December magazines, has gone to the
Southwest for The Century to illustrate
the series of articles on that country writ
ten by Ray Stannard Baker, which The
Century is about to print. This is Mr.
Parrish's first visit to the West.
Doubleday, Page & Co. published last
week the second and concluding volume
of "The Furniture of Our Forefathers,"
"The Latin Quarter" in their "French
Novels of the Nineteenth Century" series.
"The True Story of Captain John Smith,"
a biography compiled from unusual
sources by Katharine Pearson Woods,
and "Photography as a Fine Art." by
Charles H. Caffln, with over a hundred
examples of the best work.
It is announced that "Eben Holden" is
soon to appear in an Illustrated edition.
Scenes from the play now running at
the Savoy Theater, New York City, will
be reproduced, together with Mr. Bachel
ler's portrait as a frontispiece, and a
very attractive gift book for the holidays
is promised. The success of the play hai
been frequently commented upon. E. M.
Holland, in the title role, looks for all the
world like the picture of Uncle Eb used
by the publishers to advertise the book.
Outing is edited to interest almost every
man and woman who is not an ascetic.
It has a spirit of buoyant life which car
ries its readers from cover to cover. Its
articles of out-of-door fact are instruc
tive; its stories of out-of-door fiction are
interesting. Here are the titles of ten of
the twenty-eight features of the Decem
ber number: Colored frontispiece, Fred
eric Remington; "The Wilderness Hun
ter," Owen Wister (illustrated by Fred
eric Remington); "The Newfoundlanders
of the Outports," Norman Duncan (pho
tographs by the author); "The Way of
the Indian Cross," Edwyn Sandys; "Vlc-3
in Horses and Its Correction," Frank M.
Ware (practical and Illustrated); "Fal
conry in France," Vance Thompson
(drawings by Hy. S. Watson); "The Dog
Poisoner," J. P. Mowbray; "Theories Re
garding Scent," John T. Bailey; "Physi
cal Training for Women," J. V. Gillman;
"The Adventures of Mr. William Mart
ner," Edward S. Holden.
The January Delineator has a rich and
inviting table of contents, and attractive
features are added to all the existing- de
partments. Ira D. Sankey, the famous
evangelist, vividly describes his journey
through Egypt and * Palestine, and tne
personality of the author gives to these
papers an interest that Is truly remark
able. They are illustrated by photographs
made by I, Allen Sankey, who accom
panied his father. Recent mournful
events and the intense public sympathy
with Mrs. McKinley make very timely an
article on "Notable Pensioners of the Na
tion," In which the annuities paid to cer
tain illustrious ladies are made public for
perhaps the first time. Dr. S. R. Elliott
begins his series of recollections of a
group of women noteworthy for personal
character and attainments, and Clara E.
Laughlln tells with great charm the story
of Poe's love and marriage. Some ex
cellent fiction is offered in this number;
the children are especially considered and
the various miscellaneous articles— the
fancy-work, cookery, the holiday display,
house-furnishing, etc.— have a distinctly
seasonable flavor.
In the elaborate and authoritative work,
"The Furniture of Our Forefathers," now
published complete by Doubleday, Page
& Co., is given an extract from a letter by
Governor Winthrqp of Massachusetts
written in 1630, which shows what a se
rious matter the love of pretty things was
In those days. WInthrop says: "A good
ly woman of the church of Boston, dwell
ing some time in London, brought with
her a parcel of very fine linen of great
value, which she set her heart too much
upon, and had ueen at charge to have it
all newly washed and curiously folded an«l
pressed, and so left it in the press In her
parlor over night. She had a negro maid,
who went Into her room very late, and
let fall some snuff of the candle upon the
linen, so as by morning all the linen was
burned to tinder and the boards under
neath and some, stools and a part of tho
wainscoat burned, and never perceived by
any in the house, though some lodged In
the chamber overhead and no ceiling be
tween. But it pleased God that the loss
of this linen did her much good, both in
taking off her heart from worldly com
forts and In preparing her for a far great
er affliction by the untimely death of her
husband, who was slain not long after at
Isle of Providence."
A significant illustration of the large
and growing Interest in stories of Ameri
can life which deal with men and women
more or less familiar to the reader is of
fered in the success of "J. Devlin— Boss,"
Issued by the Lothrop Publishing Com
pany. The novel, which was published a
little over three . months ago, has sola
heavily from the first. It has been on the
list of the six best selling books In many
cities the country over during that time,
and Is in greater demand to-day than at
any time since Its appearance. It is a
love story with a political setting, and it
has had as many women readers as men.
Two propositions have already been made
for its dramatization; and among those
who have written to the author. Francis
Churchill Williams, and the publishers, of
their personal interest In the story' are
Rear Admiral Evans, Secretary of State
Hay; D. B. Henderson, Speaker of the
House of Representatives; Senator Haw
ley, Irving Scott, Cyrus Townsend Brady,
Governors Van Sant and Yates, Senator
Daniel of Virginia, Marion Harland. Mary
E. Wllklns, Gertrude Atherton, Jacob
Riis. Leo Rassieur, commander of the G
A. R.. and Thomas E. Watson. The story
is a stirring one, brings Into relief per
haps the most typical figure in American
life, and not a few dramatic Incidents in
national history have a place in the book.
The International Monthly for Decem
ber contains a.number of essays that com
bine a sufficient lightness of touch with
genuine interest and power. "The Middle
West," by Professor Frederick J. Turner
of the University of Wisconsin, Is a com
prehensive study of the main features in
the development of the vast area under
discussion: The Incidents of settlement,
the two currents of emigration, Northern
and Southern, especially In their relation
to the civil war, and, finally, the enormous
industrla 1 expansion of comparatively re-
t cent years. Sereno E. Payne of Auburn,
N. Y., contributes an essay on "Tariff and
the- Trusts." Another valuable essay in
this number is "Gustave Flaubert." by
M. Edouard Rod, a master In the art of
literary portraiture, and one of the most
eminent critics in the France of to-day.
Gustave Flaubert's "Madame Bovary," In
spite of its cynical realism, is in stv^ and
composition perhaps the mostf per
fect novel that has ever been writ
ten, and M. Rod does full jus
tice to the great esthetic creation
as well as to the remarkable personality
of Flaubert himself. Professor Dana C.
Munro of the University of Pennsylvania
concludes hte historical sketch, "Christian
and Infidel in the Holy Land": Professor
William A. Dunninsr of Columbia Univer
sity contributes an important study, from
the sources of "The Political Theory of
Machiavelli," the famous and enigmatical
Florentine; Air. Montgomery Schuyler of
New York in "An American Dictionary of
Architecture" offers a worthy tribute to
the work of Russell Sturgis. and Poultney
Bigelow writes with all of his accustomed
verve on the patriot Johann Karl Bert
ram Stuve, who did and suffered so much
for the cause of pblitical freedom in Ger
many.
The December Issue of "Successful
American" contains upward of 190 pages
of current literature, the principal fea
ture of which is tersely written bio
graphical sketches of successful citizens
of the several States of the Union, and
known by business connections through
out the length and breadth of the land.
Besides the latest portrait and a bio
graphical sketch of Seth Low, ex-presi
dent of Columbia College, of the city of
New York, who recently suceesj^-"v
bearded the Tammany Tiger in his^.
together with a portrait and blogr&pns
of Morgan J. O'Brien, the unanimously
re-elected Justice of the Supreme Court,
also of Hon. Jacob A. Cantor, the success
ful nominee for president of Manhattan
borough; the invincible William Traver
Jerome, who made such a whirlwind can
vasa. with other New Yorkers, the De
cember issue also contains a sketch and
portrait of Hon. Edwin W. FIske, a gen
tleman who has had the high honor of
being four times elected Mayor of the
city of Mount Vernon; also portraits and
biographs of Philip E>. Armour, Neils An
ton Christensen, Samuel W. Allerton,
Frank O. Loud?n, Henry C. Payne. An
drew Jackson Aikens, Bion J. Arnold.
Captain Frederick Pabst, Albert B. Stlck
ney, Henry L. Palmer, Joy Morton, Wil
liam P. Snyder. James M. Guffey and
many other leading citizens of Chicago,
Milwaukee, Pittsburg and other cities of
the West— the whole forms a valuable
collection of current biography, pointing;
out the manner in which our most prom
inent business men and millionaires mado
their way in the world. In addition to this
history. Successful American for Decem
ber contains "Inside Facts About i.'af
ker"; also a dozen or more short orig
inal Christmas sketches of New York life
by Judge Thomas W. Pittman and Con
gressman T. J. Campbell.
There seems to be much that is appro
priate to the season In the December num
ber of The Critic. The cover, which in
lithographed in colors, shows a blue della
Robbia medallion of the Virgin, child and
ange.ls on a white ground, the lettering
being In gold. The feature of the number
is, however, Ralph Fletcher Seymour's
decorations for Milton's Ode. "On tha
Morning of Christ's Nativity,'* the entire
poem being illustrated and rubricated in a
manner which la essentially rich and ef
fective. Mr. Seymour is responsible for
all the designs, both pictorial and typo
graphical, and the poem, with a frontis
piece portrait of Milton at the age of
twenty-one, forma one of the most elab
orate of The Critic's Christmas features. <
Following the Milton ode are reproduc
tions of a series of portraits by the cele
brated German portrait painter, Franz
von Lenbach, with Introductory letter
press by Christian Brinton. The articla
includes portraits of Von Lenbach him
self. Prince Bismarck, Arnold Bocklln.
Paul Heyse, Signora Duse. Bjornstjerne
Bjornson and others of international in
terest.
One of the most important contributions
to the December Critic is an article 0W?
William Armstrong entitled "Mr. Swin
burne and Mr. Watts-Dunton at 'The
Pines." " Mr. Armstrong enjoyed excep
tional opportunities for making the ac
quaintance of the poet and his host and
studying their milieu, and has written a
paper full of details regarding one of the
most Interesting literary friendships of
the present day. The paper is fully illus
trated after photographs, drawings and
paintings of the occupant3 of "The Pines"
and their surroundings, both Interior anrt
exterior. Another article which includes
a happy combination of text and pictorial
material is Prof esso • Harlow Gale' 3 studr
of "Johannes Brahms." Professor Gala
touches upon the main points in Brahms'
life, both biographical and technical, and
his paper Is enlivened by numerous pho
tographs, silhouette;? and drawings cover-
Ing almost every phase of the musician's
career. A further pictorial feature of tha
current number of the Christmas Critic
Is J. Ranken Towsr-'s critique on the
drama, illustrated after original drawings
by Albert J. Sterner. Hawes Craven and
Mrs. Florence Scovel Shinn as well as
from photographs. «\
Books Received.
IDYLS OF THE GASS — By Martha TVolfen
steln. The Jewish Publication Society of
America, Philadelphia.
THE BURGESS NOXSENSE HOOK — By
Gelett Burgess. Frederick A. Stokes OHinggTi
New Tork. $2 15. { WT
ALPIIOXSE DAUDET— Selected Stories—
Prepared for class us? by T. Atkinson Jen
kins. American Book Company, Xew Tork. 80a
TEX COMMON TREES — By Susan Stokes.
American Book Company, New Tork. 40c.
DER PROZESS— By Roderlch BenMlx. ant!
EINER MUSZ HETRATHEX— r.y Wilhelmi.
Edited by M. B. Lambert. American Book
Company. New Tork. SOc.
T A UIIIQUE HOLIDAY GIFT
"JINGLES from JAPAN"
Verses bv Mabel Kyds.
Pictures by Helen Hyde.
"The Jlnsles. 'as set forth by th»
Gblnks.' are bright and far above
the average in cleverness. The au-
thor snows a delicate wit. ami 8oin>.' '
ot her poems are exceptionally gocd.
The volume -will be a most accept-
able holiday souvenir, for its unique
style and attractive drawings will
appeal to the public. The pictures,
printed in flat blanks and reds, are
strikingly artistic." "—The Milwauli-'* S
Sentinel. <
PRICE 7oc NET.
A. ftl. ROBERTSON,
• Pub isher. 126 Post Street. I
Q' rTHE
BEAUTY
QUEST
•Copyright. 1901. by F. Smith.)
THE erect, svelte form with it? ex-
OU5?:te curves of lithe and shandy
limbs has a charm to which a
beautiful complexion, limpid eyes
ond iresses of molten gold cannot
lay claim.
It is the "sweet, attractive kind of
prace," of Which the i>oets sang, and she
■who i)ossosses ir. "wherever she stands
or moves, or loaves a shadow on the wall,
confers a favor on th<» world." Many
women, although beautiful of feature, aro
not creatures of curve and grace, and
they fail to charm, while a comparatively
plain woman, with an erect, supple fisj
v.re, hos a prreat power of attractiveness.
The first move in the direction of acquir
ing a lithe form, melodious movements
and poetry of pe^ture is to gain physical
buoyatcy. To a;i this one must learn
how to poise the body, which can only b*>
done correctly when or.e has t given up the
notion that the center of gravity of the
human bodv is over t!;p heels: it is over
the bulls of the feet. \Yh?n the experi
ment of balancing Jn the correct way is
tirst tried the sensation is very nuch that
of tumbling over, hut after a few days
one exclaims. "Oh. 1 feel so much lighter
and younger than when my weight rested
on my heels." It is indeed the easiest
position possible and worth taking some
trouble to acquire. The preliminary stop
in learning the art of true balancing is to
raise th«» heels quickly from the ground
an.3 stand as high on tip-toe as possible,
then lower the heels with moderate speed,
without tiypir.jr the weight of the body
backward. Again, keep the heels on the
ground and lift alternately the balls of
the feet and put them down with a slight
pressure.
Having learned how to balance the body.
to stand' correctly is an easy matter.
Have the weight evenly balanced upon
the feet, though it is not necessary to
ptand with the heels together. Draw the
knees in firmly, but do not hold them
tensely, draw the hips well back and con
tract the abdominal mureles. • The chest
must be thrown out and then the shoul
ders will drop down and back as they
should.
"When told to throw your <hest out."*
says cne who speaks with authority,
■'imagine a handle is there and that you
are being pulled forward by it." The
next step is to raise the head slightly,
and after that draw the chin in. If the
body can now sway easily back and
forth from the feet up the posture is cor
rect. Swaying back and forth does not
mean bending at the waist, but to main
tain the standing position and imagine
that one is a lily swayed back and forth
by the wind. The weight of the body Is
well off the heels, and cne is really stand
ing on the balls of the feet.
Tipping the shoulders from side to side
•when walking is very ungraceful. To
correct this habit walk about on tip-toe
occasionally, keeping the shoulders level.
In this way poise of head as well as
shoulders is gained. To toss a toy bal
loon about with the tips of the fingers
will also aid in bringing about this result,
and is not altogether such childish sport
as might be imagined; indeed, there is
method in this mode of developing ex
quisite curves. The balloon is tossed
about in a score of different poses, and
eo expert may a person become that she
can keep three balloons in motion at once.
Every muscle of head, neck, shoulder.
arm and waist is brought into plav.
Throwing the balloon aside, the next
movement is to stoop suddenly and sweep
the floor with one hand while the other is
waved triumphantly aloft. The woman
who can do this need have no fears of
Best Known Club Women on the Pacific Coast
"The Best Known Club Wo
men on the Pacific CoastP" Do
you know who they are? Or,
in knowing who they are,
have you ever studied their
personalities to know why
they should be considered the
"best known"? This sketch of
Mrs. "William Keith is the
eighth in an interesting series
on just those lines.
WHEN the hottest little suffra
gist in the State of California
can induce her husband to be
long to her suffrage club. too.
it doenr.'t look an if her theo
ries had proved home wrecking.
Mrs. Keith keeps a club of 200 suffra-
CWta Roinsc over in Berkeley. It is the
iaigest ftuffraso club on the coast. She
is president over all these workers, who
an* men and women, tco, and Flili sho
savs that her life i* not entirely made up
of" vor.iun's rishts and tho search for
tl-ftr.
Mrs. Keith is a dainty little blue-eyed.
rosy wenan. whr.se gray hair is a good
rcacjT JNMUTB in advance of her face ami
fciisi 'furf!:?r ahead of her heart. Some
how ehe doesn't ruKgor-t cuffrago in the
If jHt. You (iin't. v.hcn chatting with her
In her artisiU: little parlor. Imagine her
pic-fidins over n meeting; of "long: iiaiii- \
nien and phort haired uon~.cn." You can't
Itoagln* her pounding a meeting to crr^r.
You ca«l"t iraagSra her ouotiriK any suci:
I'm rcc worfls as those of Susan 13. An
thony.
Tho fr>tt is. she la not at all fiereo en
the subject of lie? theories, but she has a
l;i;ack for coaxing pr-opl- over to her way
of thinking. The niOKt determined of
cr.ti^SuJfraec women give in to her: tho
:nc;-t conservative of me:: srive in to her,
lK-r busband sives In to her.
•*/.rp vD-j Interested In our caus??" ha
will ask \\ic- family <ru*\«!t with a laugh,
lie teases hi." wife unmercifully on the
«-t fcj«'t. but slic ran afford to smile. For
«■!•»> proudly shows his name enrolled upon
'.bv !)Et of her club members.
She has been a club woman for many
.♦ars She us<?d to belong to Soros!*-: am!
ibr California *» Sn51 Francisco.* to Town
rud Gown in Berkeley. But her suffrage
.••iub became so absorbing that she drop
j *-d the others for that and the Humane
Her • erenl nga are spent with her hus
b?.»d in the charming home that their
r-rtistic tust'-s have furnished. They de
vfii.- most of their evenings to music;
Mrs*. Keith plays piano, cello or zither,
while her husband accompanies her on
the pianola. She is iust now adding an
other accomplishment to the list by study
taS Spanish.
being Btiff-walsted or wooden-shouldered.
Pose and Repose.
Having learned how to balance the
body, to stand properly and to acquire
poise of head and shoulders, the next ef
fort is pose and repose, that marks the
daughter of a hundred Earls. "I visit
museums and art galleries," says one
devotee, "and study effects. I practice
them, too." This is following the example
of the great Rachel, who believed that by
studying beings that were beautiful it
was possible in time to resemble thorn.
As a child she was not blessed with any
great personal charms, bui. becoming en
amored of some of the classic statues shs
tells in her memoirs how any beauty sin
possessed she owed entirely to her own e'
forts and determination. To work and
strive faithfully for perfection in a rvin«
human body is a. nobler purpose, it has
been said, than to carve a perfect stain*
out of cold, lifeless marble— yes. the am
bition is as much nobler as the living,
breathing, warm body is more beautiful
thaii the cold, dead statue.
To learn to sit gracefully is an art and
not an instinct. The woman who under
stands the art— for art it is— gives no evi
dence of a dominance of one part of her
physique over another. Nor does she
lounge: she sits erect, because when in a
perfectly upright position one may actu
ally gain an inch or two In height, and it
is a principle of physical culturista that
the hljrher an organism is held the better
it will fulfill its functions. F.reetness of
the trunk, a good poso of the head and
graceful disposition of the lower limbs
are necessary if one would s't we!!, li is
gc-cd practice to hold the body perfectly
ercct for a fev.- moments daily without
touching the chair back: Pit well toward
tile edge of the seat, with the right foot
slifc'jtly in advance of the left, ready to
rise quickly without help from the hand*
at an emergency. After a time prolong
the few moments to a half-hour, and.
finally, elastic, sinewy and independent
will those lazy muscles become. It is in
dolence. Indeed, that makes a woman
awkward. She rises from a pitting pos
ture by placing her hands upon the arms
of her chair or upon a table; she stands
■with the weight of her body thrown on
one foot; she stumbles over rugs because
she will not lift her feet, and she does the
half-hundred other stupid things that
cause her to suffer so by comparison with
the alert, erect, well-poised woman, who
never loosens her hold on the reins of her
mu?t ular personality. This she learns to
do without any mental effort after u. time,
though it requires constant thought and
eternal vigilance at first. The first and
greatest impediment to grace is indolenje.
To Reduce the Girth of the Hips.
No figure can be lithe and graceful if
there is an excess of circumference below
the waist. This is a pronlem over which
many a woman with an otherwise shapely
figure has worried herself. Inordinately
largo hips will spoil the effect of an oth
erwise good figure, to say nothing- of dis
astrous effects to smart gowns, for no
perfection of cut will hide the presence
of overmuch flesh. To reduce the girth of
th«» hips one exercise, is suggested which
can be taken without any appliances. It i.-
to stand erect on a slight elevation from
the ground with the weight on one leg.
Relax the other leg, and with the power
from the thigh first swing the relaxed leg
forward and backward; then swing it in
a circle around the strong leg. During
these swinging leg movements keep a
steady poise; the body from the hips up
ward must be quite motionless. The quite
interesting s-tatement is made that a wom
an has reduced the size of her hips no
less than four inches by this and similar
exercises. Another way may be men-
V.'iiat she calls her hobby at present fs
the relation that she considers coeduca
tion and equal suffrage bear. She has
written the following for The Call, show
ing her views on the present topic of dis
cussion:
By Mrs. William Keith.
IT is significant that as a rule tho^e
persons who do not believe In co
education do not believe in equal
suffrage, and vice versa. In ether
words, coeducation will be subject to
constant attacks from various quarters
eo long as women have no political rights.
We hear it paid that the family Is the
unit of the .state. This is, politically and
legally speaking, not true. The unit of
ihe state is the male citizen whether he
be married or unmarried. Women are
"not in it." In the same way they do
not hold their footing in the State Uni-
Bow -to
Cultivate
the Attractive
Kind of
Grace
Revealed by
Li he and
Shapely Limbs
tioi-.ed. Bend the knees and rise on ' the
balls of the feet lapidly a half-dozen
times or more. Do not stra!n or push
with the body; it must be easily main
tained erect and free from tension. Do
not work the arms. These exercises can
not be practiced too often if reduction of
the size of <!ie hips is desired. Too large
a .waist is al^o another lion In the path,
but rather too large a waist than one too
small: rather the generous inches of
Venus than a wasplike vision. If it is de
sirable to reduce tho size of the waist or
Improve its shape try swinging back and
forth as far as possible without losing the
balance; the body must be erect, with the
arms extended vertically above the head,
the hands touching. For a variation, raise
alternately the right and the left foot
holding the knee bent at a small angle.
Gossip of the Studios at Home and Abroad
•"yiNCE the opening of the Bohemian
l^>. Club exhibition on the 19th many
YJ of the artist members are being
k«/ heartily congratulated, not only
for taking part in the most suc
cessful exhibition ever held in this city,
but for the number of their canvases
that were sold.
Henry Breuer was especially lucky, in
fact he broke the record in the number
of sales made, for out of nine canvases
sent only three remained. The large Cali
fornia landscape which held the place of
honor on the north wall was one of the
first to change ownership. Of his others
sold during the two weeks' exhibition
were "Sand Dunes Near Golden Gate
Park." "Near Fruitvalc. California." "A
Monterey Landscape," "A Gray Day,"
"Near Alameda" and "The Oaks." Those
who have secured landscapes from the
brush of Mr. Breuer may consider them
selves lucky, for the opportunity will not
be presented again for several years. He
has stored his studio furnishings and will
on January 1 leave San Francisco for an
indefinite time, going first perhaps to the
mountains where he will take a much
needed rest, thence to various parts of
California, and probably East. Mr.
Breuer does not expect to exhibit here
again for a period of three years.
J. H. Gamble sold a canvas entitled "A
Showery Day," one of his largest and
best.
C. Chapell Judson sold his much ad
mired picture. "The Wind-Swept Pines."
Two by J. Frank McComas. "The La
goon Sketch" and "An Oak Tree Study,"
both Monterey scenes, were sold.
Also the large canvas. "The House of
John Howard Payne." by Rollo Peters,
one of his characteristic moonlights. It
represents a house half shrouded py trees,
through the branches of which the glim
mer of a lamp's light shines dimly. It
varsity as of right but of privilege. Un
til this is remedied, the "expediency" of
coeducation will continue to be brought
into question.
You may contend that we should have
to change our State constitution before
we could "turn the rascals out," but
are there any women among our legis
tdrs, and have they any say in the mat
ter? No. they arc powerless, and have
no rights in the case.
No doubt improvement awaits upon the
system of education and of, coeducntion
a? at present administered, as well as
upon our political system, but whatever
the arrangement of details, the human
being must have perfect liberty of self
development along legitimate lines. This
liberty involves both coeducation and po
litical equality, which latter is merely a
further carrying out of the same princi
ple,
woman's duty to share equally In the
government not only of her own family
but c;f all the families of her community
THE SUNDAY CALL..
Acquire
Physical
Buoyancy
by Correct
Poise of Head
and Shoulders.
is a very strong piece of work and one
of the most admired in his collection. Mr.
fetera, whose display was one of the
sensations of the club this year, has made
arrangements for an exhibtion of his
work to be held in Boston at the Doll &
Richards gallery in January. Later he
will exhibit at Goupll's in New York,
and in 1903 intends to show England what
American artists can do by exhibiting in
the Doudwell galleries. New Bond street,
London.
J. A. Stanton sold two. "At Low Tide"
and "A Village on the Cliff." "A Juvenile
Raid" from the brush of- M. Strauss and
om> of "Cathedral Rocks" from Thaddeus
"Welch completes the list.
Now that tho holidays are over affairs
in the world of art are righting them
selves. The artists are beginning to
think of the annual spring exhibition to
.be held in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. commencing March 13 and to be con
tinued one month. After that there will
be a general breaking up of winter
studios, for most of the artists are de
sirous of making a special study of spring
landscapes in the country.
Theodore Wores, whose work was
missed this year in the club exhibi
tion, has been scoring quite a success on
the islands, for his contribution to the
recent exhibition given by the Kilohana
Art League of Honolulu has received
much commendation from both public and
press. His most recent work is a portrait
of the late Paul Neumann of Honolulu, the
commission being issued from tho PaciTic
Club of that place.
Rupert Schmld. a familiar figure in the
art circles of San Francisco, has been re
ceiving many congratulatory notes upon,
the acceptance by the San Jose McKlnley
monument committee of his design for
the monument to the late President. Mr.
Schmid's work is well known on the coast,
for he has executed sculpture portraits of
many of California's best-known people,
involves her right to coeducation, using
the term in its broadest sense.
In no other country are men and wo
men such good comrades as in America,
where there is a nearer approach than
there is elsewhere to an equality of so
cial, civil and political rights.
Professor Joseph Le Conte, about a
year before his death, publicly confessed
Ills conversion to the principle of coedu
cation. Others agree with him. But
some Eastern professors who are opposed
to coeducation accept positions in our
fotate University. This is like finding wo
men serving on school boards and hold
ing different public positions who "do not
believe in woman suffrage." They are
only too willing to accept and benefit by
the rights and privileges conceded
through long and persistent agitation on
the part of other women, and yet ihey
would withhold further opportunities in
the same direction from their fellow
vvomen.
Tho national president of the American
"Woman Suffrage Association closes her
woman's century calendar with an ex
planation of the slow progress in political
rights, which she says is because "the
rame types of ignorance, bigotry, conserv
atism; prejudice and fear which have op
posed every other aten In the progress of
women's rights, but which were powerless
to say yea or nay. are endowed with full
power In grant or refuse political liberty.
Tho selfsame types of men and women
who opposed higher education, public
speaking, self-support, property owner
ship, the privilege of working in ihe re
forms and in the professions/now oppose
political rights for women: arxi the self
same types of men who have contested
each step of the onward inarch now hold
absolute authority over further advances.
Political rights for women cannot b»
gained, therefore, till popular opinion is
ready to grant them."
Tn- the- case of educational liberties and
opportunities, as well as in that of other
rights, there was at first ouite as bitter
condemnation and opposition as there
now is in the case of politico! liberty, hut
it was not necessary to wait for a ma
jority vote on any of these questions: if
It had been, we should have now a« fev/
college curriculums for women as wo
have equal suffrage States.
That the duties of citizenship nnd the
value of the franchise are not sufflcientlv
taught in tho universities Is shown by the
question so often asked both bv the "male
and the female graduate. "What good
would the vote do women?" Tf It ig re
plied, "It will do women the same good
that it has dono men," they ask again
"Do you think It does men any good?"
Keeping up a suffrage club in any local
ity serves mainly the purposes of agita
tion and advertisement of the subject
Senator Watson has just offered a bill
providing for an amendment to the con
stitution of the United States which shall
grant suffrage to • women, but this just
and righteous measure will probably not
be effected until a majority of the States
have adopted It in their own constitutions.
President Roosevelt is a firm believer in
woman suffrage and boasts that he rec
ommer.'ded it in his message when Gov
ernor of New York State. That he did
not see fit to do so in his Presidential
message has caused universal regret
amonj the friends of eoual suffrage
throughout the country. Let us hope
that It will be otherwise in the next
Presidential message.
among them the late James A. Fhelan,
Governor Stanford and Professor Le
Conte. After the completion of the Mc-
Kinley monument Mr. Schmid will go to
St. Louis, where he has been selected to
execute some important sculpture for the
coming exhibition to be held at that place
in the year 1903.
Douglas Tilden has removed his studio
to Oakland, where he is at present occu
pied with several important pieces of
work. Mr. Tilden. who has had charge of
the modeling class, at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art since Its foundation, ha
resigned his professorship, feeling that
his work at present in the studio demands
more than a divided attention. •
The annual Bohemian Christmas jink.-?
was held In the Mark Hopkins Institute
Derember 20 by the students of that Insti
tution. The only evidence of work dis
played was the poster exhibition, which
attracted much favorable comment and
no little amount of fun for the grotesque
designs and originality shown. The large
artroom was crowded with the students
and their friends. An entertainment was
given in the evening and the affair was
thoroughly enjoyed by all present.
Some good work, both in water colors
»nrt black and white, was shown in the
studio exhibition at 131 Post street by Ho
ren and Haig Patigan. These two young
artists, whoso work in illustration is well
known in this city, surprised their friends
by the display of many cleverly painted
water colors. "A Monterey Scene" " \
Rocky Coast at Bakers Beach" and a
"Chinatown" by Haig Patigan were all
good, both in tone and feeling. One side
of the wall wns covered by a precession
of dancing nymphs and daintily costumed
ballet glrlp, drawn with a grace and
abandon which shows great promise and
a hit of originality upon which the broth
er Horen is to be congratulated. A snatch*
of landscape, also with his signature
demonstrates the fact that a clever hand
The Secrets of the Stars Made Clear to You
1,HE week beginning on Sunday, De
cember 2!). will usher in the new
year of 1902. Neptune will rule the
week's affairs, and the old year will
give place to the new under the
most auspicious conditions. Progress will
mark the many changes that will be in
stituted. Advanced policies will be intro
duced, and the new methods In education,
religion and social reforms will be broad
and liberal. All large business enterprises,
commerce and trades will be largely in
creased, and great activity will be mani
fested during tho coming tweve months.
Speculation for this week will be quite
lively, with a wide range of prices.
Conditions render health signs fairly
good, but some may suffer from severe
coldg, headache and gout.
The weather will be quite stormy,
with winds, snow and sleet.
Marriage.
There will be many marriages during
ihe next seven days, and those celebrated
during this period will be propitious for
most happy results. Influences that gov
ern Sunday, Wednesday and Thursday
render ihose days the best for. matri
monial ventures.
Business..
December 29 (Sunday)— There should be
some Important happening in church cir
cles upon this day. Influences should in
duce spiritual inspiration, and some stir
ring sermons should be delivered by the
clergy.
December 30 (Monday)— This day will be
full of surprising events in the commer
cial world. This date is a favorable one
upon which to make financial investments
and to start new enterprises.
Speculation should be best In foodstuffs
and srain. • .
December 31 (Tuesday)— This Is a pro
pitious day for the promotion of all busi
ness schemes and for preparations for the
new year. Speculation should be heaviest
in grain and cereals. Grain will be very
changeable until 12 m.. then should rise
above the opening point.
January 1 (Wednesday)— This is the first
day of the new year, and an excellent
time for the making of new resolutions
and for the renewal of ambition and en
ergy. Although this day should be ob
served as a holiday, it is an advantageous
time for public business. »
January 2 (Thursday)— General business
will be good upon this day, and much
money should change hands.
Great activity will mark the speculation
markets and there should be some heavy
deals in mining, stocks, metals and
wheat. Wheat should be at Its highest
point at noon.
January 3 (Friday)— This day will prove
a lucrative one for the retail dealers.
and a poetical mind guide his brush. The
studio was charmingly decorated for the
Speculation.
Speculation will open with a very un
certain aspect. Wheat should lead at 12.
but sugar may gain the ascendency by
1 d. in. \
January 4 (Saturday)— Commission mer
chants dealing In provisions, also grocer?,
should realize large profits upon this day.
The financial results for the week will
show a marked increase over the corre
sponding ones of last year.
Iron and mining stocks should lead the
market upon this day.
Birthdays.
December 29 (Sunday)— Those who cele
brate their , birthdays upon . thi3 day
should exercise great care in all things
during the next year. There may be dan
ger of heavy business losses and caution
should be used In speculation. Young
women should beware of false friends and
insincere lovers.
December 30 (Monday)— The year will be.
a fortunate one for those celebrating the
anniversary of their birth upon this day.
Young men in the employ of others will
receive increases in salary and older men
will experience an advantageous business
year.
Young women should receive offers of
marriage within the- next twelve months.
December 31 (Tuesday)— This will be a
happy year for all celebrating their birth
days upon this date. Men should meet
with financial success and women engaged
in professional life should be honored
with public applause.
All should be unusually vigilant in tho
prevention of illness and accidents.
January 1 (Wednesday) — This is one of
the lucky days of the year and all who
are so fortunate as to celebrate their
birthdays upon this date may look for
success in all of their undertakings. All
will be lucky in love and happy in their
domestic careers.
January 2 (Thursday)— This is another
fortunate day and those celebrating their
birthdays to-day should accomplish much
during the next year. Both men and
women should attain influential positions
early in their career3. This will be a
lucky year for women to marry, but not
so fortunate for the men who celebrate
their birthdays upon this day.
January 3 (Friday)— Thla will prove to
be an uneventful year for the women
whose birthdays fail upon this day. The
men will not be very successful in busi
ness and may suffer from accidents and
from sudden illnesses.
January 4 (Saturday)— The influences
that dominate this day do not render it a
very lucky one, and those who celebrate
their birthdays to-day should curb well
their reckless inclinations. Young men
exhibition, which proved a financial as
■well as an artistic success.
Predictions for the week by
a professional astrologer
showing lucky and unlucky
days for business, love and
marriage, giving birtiday ad
vice and life forecasts of In
fants born during the next
seven days.
• ' — — ' — ; — r,*r
should use great discretion in choosing
their companions, and young women
should be conservative in bestowing their
affections.
There will be a great diversity af talents
r.mnng the children born during: this week.
Some will become successful professional
people. The girls will be physically at
tractive and all children should be blessed
with excellent health.
December 2D (Sunday)— The children
born upon this day will be very quick to
learn, clever and diplomatic. They will b*
gifted artists and musicians, but will have
little idea of accumulating money. Some
may become teachers, writers and
lawyers.
December SO (Monday)— The children of
to-day will be of roving dispositions and
will continually seek change. The boys
should become excellent explorers, trans
portation officials and foreign representa
tives. The girls will possess great psychic
powers.
December 31 (Tuesday)— Good luck at
tends the children born upon this day.
especially those born early In the morn
ing and at noon time. The boys should
become fine actors. Judges and statesmen.
The girls will be of Independent natur«i
and some will possess phenomenal voicej.
January 1 (Wednesday)— Children that
are born to-day will be dominated by the
most propitious conditions. The boys
should be fortunate in business and should
rise to desirable positions in the world.
The glrl3 will be beautiful in person and
will marry while quite young.
January 2 (Thursday)— Mercury. Saturn
and the moon rule these children. an4
they will be of restless, active tempera
ments. They will be brilliant mentallf
and strong physically.- Both boys anl
girs should acquire high positions In life.
January 3 (Friday)— The boys born on
this day will not be as lucky as the girls.
The boys will be liable to accidents white
young and will be reckless when older.
The girls will be lucky in love and mar
riage.
January 4 (Saturday)— The children born
upon this day will need Judicious guidance
while young. They should become ' suc
cessful men and women. The boya win
be wealthy by middle age, and the girls
will become recognized social leaders.
1314
GAUSTARK
THE STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
CHAPTER XXIII— Continued.
THE VISITOR AT MIDNIGHT.
WE passed people, but no one knew
me. I will go if you are distressed
over my being here."
"It is not that— not that. Some
J=P5' may have seen you. I have a strange
fear that they suspect me and that I am
being- watched. Where is Captain Quin
xjoxr*
"He s?aid he would return for me in an
hour. The time is almost gone. How it
has flown! Yet, Yetive, I will not give
you up!" he cried, sinking to his knees
before her.
"You must— you shall! You must g'J
back to the monastery to-night. Oh. how
I pray that you may roach it in safety!
And you must leave this wretched coun
try at o:ice. Will you sec if Quinnox is
outside tlie door? Bo quick! I am mad
with fenr that you may be found here —
that you may be taken before you can
return to St. Valentine's."
He arose and stood looking down at the
intense face, all ;iquivcr with ths battle
between temptation and solicitude.
"I am not going back to St. Valen
tine's." he said, slowly.
"But it is all arranged for you to start
from there to-morrow. You cannot escape
the city guard except through St. Valen
tine's."
"Yetive. has it not occurred to you that
1 nay not wish to escape the city guard?"
"iljy r.ot wish to {scan? the— what do
•»ot'. mean?" the cried, bewildered.
', "I am not going to leave Edelweiss,
dearest. It is my intention to surrender
myself to the authorities."
She sazed at him In horror for a mo
mf-at and then fell back with a low moan.
"For God's sake, do not fay that," she
Trailed. "I forbid you to think of it. You
cannot do this after all I have done to
save you. Ach, you arc jesting; I should
have Known."
He Fat down and drew her to his sld;.
Some moments passed before he could
speak.
"I cannot and will not permit you to
m.ike such a sacrifice for me. The prop-
GSStton of Bolaroz is known to me. If
you produce me for trial you aro to have
a ten y-ears' extension. My duty is plain.
I em 20 cowardly criminal and I am not
afraid to face my accusers. At the worst,
1 can die but once."
"Die but once," she repeated, as if in a
dream.
'"I came here to toll you of my decision,
to ask you to save your lands, protect
your rcople, and to remember that I
would die a thousand times to serve you
and yours."
"After all I have done— after all I heve
-"'(■one," she murmured, piteously. "No,
no! You shall not! You are more to me
than all my kingdom, than all the people
in the world. You have made me love
you; rou have caused me to detest the
throne which separates us; you have made
me pray that I might be a pauper, but
you f=hall not force me to destroy the mite
cf hr-pe that lingers in my heart. You
shall not crush the hope that there may
be a — a — some day!"
"A some day? Some day when vou will
be mine?" h« cried.
"I will not say that, but for my sake —
for my sake — go away from this place.
Save yourself: You are all I have to live
for." Her arms were about his neck an'l
her imploring words went to his heart
like great thrusts of pain.
"You forget the thousands who love
and trust you. Do they deserve to be
wronged?"
1 "No, no— ach. God. how I have suffered
because of them! I have betrayed them,
have stolen their rights and made them
a nation of beggar*-. But I would not,
for all this nation, have an innocent man
condemned— nor could my people ask
that of me. You cannot dissuade me. It
must be as I wish. Oh, why does not
Quinncx come for you!" She arose and
paced the floor distractedly.
He was revolving a selfish, cowardly
capitulation to love and injustice when a
tharp tap was heard at the door. Leap
ing to his feet he whispered:
"Quinnox! lie has come for me. Now
to get put of your room without being
spen!"
The Princess Yetive ran to him, and.
placing her hands on his shoulders, cried
with the fierceness of despair:
"You will go back to the monastery?
You will leave Graustark? For my sake —
for rny sake!"'
He hesitated and then surrendered, his
honor falling weak and faint by the path
way of oatsion.
"Yes!" he cried, hoarsely.
Tap." lap! tap! at the door. Lorry took
one lock at the rapturous face and re
icascd her.
"Come!" called.
P"'he door flew open, an attendant sa
ed and in stepped— Gabriel!
XXIV-OFF TO THE DUNGEON:
The tableau lasted but a moment. Ga
briel advanced a few steps, his eyes
gleaming with jealousy and triumph. Be
fore him stood the petrified lovers, caught
red-har.ded. Through her dazed brain
struggled the conviction that ho could
never escape: through his ran the miser
able realization that he had ruined her
forever. Gabriel, of all men!
"I arrive inopportunely," he ■ eald,
harshly, the veins standing out on his
neck and temples. "Do I intrude? I was
not aware that you expected two, your
Highness:' There was no mistaking his
meaning. He viciously sought to convey
the imDresslon that hs was there by ap
pointment,- a clandestine visitor in her
apartments at midnight.
"What do you mean by coming to my
apartment at this hour?" she stammered,
trying to rescue dignity from the chaos
cf «- motions. Lorry was standing slightly
to the right and several feet behind her.
He understood the Prince, and quickly
eought to interpose with the hope that he
might shi< Id her from the nting.
Gabriel's wit saved him from death. He
saw that he could not pursue the course
be had begun, for there was murder in the
Americans eye. Like a fox he swerved
and, with a servile promise of submission
in bis glance, saici:
"I thought you were here, my fine fel
low, and I came to satisfy myself. Now,
f=ir. may I ask why you are here?" Hi3
Singers twitched and his oyes were glassy
with the malevolence he was subduing.
"I am here as a prisoner," said Lorry,
boldly. Gabriel laughed derisively.
"And how often have you come here In
this manner as a prisoner? Midnight and
alone in the apartments of the Princess!
Tl»e guard dismissed! A prisoner, eh? Ha,
what a priFon!"
"Stop!" cried Lorry, v.hitc to the lips.
The Princess was beginning to under-
Hcr eyes grew wide with horror, her fig
ure straightened imperiously and the
white in her cheeks gave way to the red
of insulted virtue.
"I ste it all! You have not been outside
. this castle .since you left the prison. A
pretty scheme! You could not marry him,
could you, eh? He is not a Prince! But
• you could bring him here and hide him
whore no one would dare to think of look
ing- for him— in your apartments "
With a snarl of rage Lorry sprang upon
h!m, cutting short the sentence that
would heve gone through her like the
keenest knife-b!ade.
"Liar! Dog! X : U kill you for that!" he
cried, but before he could clutch the
Prince's throat Yetive had frantically
seized his arm.
"Not that!" she shrieked. "Do not kill
him! There must be no murder here!"
He reluctantly hurled Gabriel from him,
the Prince tottering to his knees in th<j
effort to keep from falling. She had saved
her mallgner's life, but courage deserted
her with the act. Helplessly she, looked
Into the blazing eyes of her lover and
faltered: * : .
"I— I do not know what to say or do.
My brain Is bursting!"
"Courage, courage!" he whispered gen
tly. . :
"You shall pay for this!" shrieked Ga
briel. "If you are not a prisoner you shall
be. There'll be scandal enough in Grau
stark to-morrow to start a volcano of
wrath from the royal tombs where He her
fathers. I'll see that you are a prisoner!"
He started for the door, but Lorry's pis
tol was leveled at his head.
"If j-ou move I'll kill you!"
"The world will understand how and
why I fell by your hand and in this room.
Shoot!" he cried, triumphantly.
Lorry's hand trembled and his eyes
tilled with the tears of impotent rage. The
Prince held the higher card.
A face suddenly appeared at the door,
which had been stealthily opened from
without. .Captain Quinnox glided into the
room behind the Prinze and gently closed
the door, unnoticed by the gloater.
"A prisoner?" sneered Gabriel. "Where
is your captor, pray?"
"Here!" answered a voice at his back.
The Prince wheeled and found himself
looking at the stalwart form of the cap
tain of the guard. "I am surely privileged
to .speak now, your Highness," he went
on. addressing the Princess significantly.
"How came you here?" gasped Gabriel.
"I brought my prisoner here. Where
should I be if not here to guard him?"
"When— when did you enter this
room?"
"An hour ago."
"You were not here when I came!"
"I have been standing on this spot for
an hour. You have been very much ex
cited, I'll agree, but it is strange you did
i;ot see me." lied Quinnox.
Gabriel looked about helplessly, non
plused.
"You were here when I came in?" he
asked, wonderingly.
"Ask her Majesty." commanded the
captain, smiling.
"Captain Quinnox brought the prisoner
to me an hour ago," she said, mechanic
ally.
"It is a lie!" cried Gabriel. "He was
not here when I entered!"
The captain of the. guard laid a heavy
hand on the shoulder of the Prince and
said, threateningly:
"I was here and I am here. Have a
rare how you speak. "Were I to do right
I should ?hoot you like a dog. You came
like a thief, you insult the ruler of my
land. I have borne it all because you are
a Prince, but have a care — have a care.
I may forget myself and tear out your
black heart with these hands. One word
from her Highness will be your death
warrant!"
He looked inquiringly at- the Princess
as if anxious to put the dangerous wit
ness where he could tell no tales. She
shook her head, but did not speak. Lorry
realized that the time had come for him
to assert himself. Assuming a distressed
air he bowed his head and said, deject
edly:
"My pleading has been in vain, then,
my Highness. I have sworn to you that
I am Innocent of this murder, and you
Rave said I shall have a fair trial. That
ib all you can offer?"
"That is all." she said, shrilly, her mind
gradually grasping his meaning.
"You will not punish the poor people
who secreted me in their house for weeks,
for they are convinced of my innocence.
Your captain here, who found me in their
house to-night, can also speak well of
them. I have only this request to make
in return for what little sen-ice I may
have given you: Forgive the old people
who befriended me. I am ready to go to
the tower at once, captain."
Gabriel heard this speech with a skep
tical smile on his face.
"I am no fool," he said, simply. "Cap
tain." shrewdly turning to Quinnox, "if
he is your prisoner, why do you permit
him to retain his revolver?"
The conspirators were taken by sur
prise, but Lorry had found his wits.
"It is folly, your Highness, to allow
this gentleman and conquering Prince to
cross-examine you. I am a prisoner, and
that is the end of it. What odds is it to
the Prince of Dawsbergen how and where
I was caught or why your officer brought
me to you?"
"You were ordered from my house once
to-day, yet you come again likeya con
queror. I should not spare you. A'ou de
serve to lose your life for the actions of
to-night. Captain Quinnox, will you kill
him if I ask you to end his wretched
life." Yetive's eyes were blazing with
wrath, beneath which gleamed a hope
that he could be frightened into silence.
"Willingly— willingly!" cried Quinnox.
"Now, your Highness? 'Twere better in
the hall:"
"For God's sake, do not murder me!
The Sunday Call lor 1902 will be the Best Literary Publication in the West.
BRET HARTE, greatest of Western shorfcstory ° " ' ' ° MAXIM GORKY, who Is. now considered the most
writers, wIH have some of his best work In The Features that will equal forceful writer the world over of short stories,
Sunday Call during 1902. those of the ' will contribute.
"BROCKMAN'S MAVERICK," a rattling tale of the Highest Priced Magazines WOLFYILLE STORIES, by Alfred Jlenry Lewis; best
Southwest, by Joseph N. Quail, will be the first in the United States ' Western character sketches ever written. .One
serial for the new year. q_ complete story in every Issue.
Western Stories by Writers of World-wide Reputation
,,M,t mw,™™ M ™«™rvn £ , Jt x . f""" • ' "- o Those In search of Beauty can get the clearest and
WILL LEYINGTON COMFORT, whose soldier stories j mpst practical hints in a department of especially
made such a hit, has written a series of short Q|~trhi.« »f if i*» " selected matter 'and illustrations.
sketches equally entertaining, i 01 wie, Those who would find their fate in the stars must
— — . Action and Human Interest not fail to read the series of Interesting articles
Madge Morris, Kathryn Jarboe and Joaquin Miller, thatare the b Y an eminent astrologer.
California writers o{ note, will appear with their R t M R For those wh0 would be ln 8tyle there wiI1 be a de "
best In The Sunday Call Magazine during the Money can nuy partment amply illustrated and clearly stating
coming year. the vogue among the leaders of fashion the
o a . world over. / .
The Sunday Call for 12 will be the Best Literary Publication in the West.
Let me;go!" cringed the Prince. •■.
'."I do not mean' that you > should > t l kill
him now, Quinnox, but I instruct you to
do so if- he puts- foot: inside these 'walls
, again. -Do you understand?" ■ •'■-*.:
"Yes, your Highness." : ..;.' >-.'i /.'..':/'
"Then you will place this prisoner in the
castle dungeon until to-morrow morning,
when he is to be taken to the' tower.
Prince Gabriel may accompany you to
the dungeon cell, if he likes, after which
you will escort him to the gates. If he
enters them again you are to kill him.
Take them both away!"
"Your Highness, I must ask you to
write a pardon for the good people in
whose house the prisoner was found,"
suggested Quinnox, shrewdly seeing a
chance for communication unsuspected
by the Prince.
"A moment, your Highness," said the
Prince, who had recovered himself clever
ly. "I appreciate your, position. I have
made a serious charge, and I now have a
fair proposition to suggest to you. If this
man is not produced to-morrow morning
1 take it for granted that I am at liberty
.to lell all that has hapuened in this room
(to-night. If iie is produced, I shall kneel
and beg your pardon."
The Princess turned paler than ever and
knew not how she kept from falling to
the floor. There was a long silence fol
lowing Gabriel's unexpected but fair sug
gestion.
"That is very fair, your Highness," said
Lorry. "There is no reason why I should
not be a prisoner to-morrow. I don't see
how I can hope to escape the inevitable.
Your dungeon is strong and I have given
my word of honor that I shall make no
further effort to evade the law."
"I agree," murmured the Princess,
ready to faint under the strain.
"I 'must see him delivered to Prince
Bolaroz," added Gabriel, mercilessly.
"To Bolaroz!" she repeated.
"Your Highness, the pardon for the
poor old people." reminded Quinnox. She
glided to the desk, stunned, bewildered.
It seemed as though death were upon her.
Quinnox followed and bent near her ear.
"Do not be alarmed," he whispered. "No
one knows of Mr. Lorry's presence here
save the Prince, and if he dares to ac
cuse you before Bolaroz our people will
tear him to pieces. No one will believe
him."
"You — you can save him, then?" she
gasped, joyously.
"If he will permit me to do so. Write
to him what you will, your Highness, and
he shall have the message. Be brave and
all will go well. Write quickly! This is
supposed to be the pardon."
She wrote feverishly, a thousand
thoughts arising for every one that she
was able to transfer to the paper. When
she had finished the hope Inspired scrawl
she arose and, with a gracious smile,
handed to the waiting captain the par
don for those who had secreted the fugi
tive.
"I grant forgiveness to them gladly,"
she said.
"I thank you," said Lorry, bowing low.
"Mr. Lorry, I regret the difficulty in
which you find yourself. It ■was on my
account, too, I am" told. Be you guilty
or Innocent, you are my friend, my pro
tector. May God be good to you." She
gave him her hand calmly, steadily, as
if she were bestowing favor upon a sub
ject. He kissed the hand gravely.
"Forgive me for trespassing on your
good nature to-night, your Highness."
"The 5000 gravvos shall be yours to
morrow. Captain Quinnox," she said, gra
ciously. "You have done your duty well."
The faithful captain bowed deep and low
and a weight was lifted from his con
science.
"Gentlemen, the door," he said, arid
without a word the trio left the room.
She closed the door and stood like a
statue until their footsteps died away In
the distance. As one in a daze she sat
at the desk till the dawn, Grenfall Lorry's
revolver lying before her.
Through the halls, down the stairs and
into the clammy dungeon strode the silent
trio. But before Lorry stepped inside the
cell • Gabriel asked a question that had
been troubling him for many minutes.
"I am afraid I have— ah— misjudged
her — ". muttered Gabriel, now convinced
that he had committed himself irretriev
ably.
- "You will find she has not misjudged
you," said the prisoner, grimly, "Can't
1 have a candle in here, captain?"
"You may keep this lantern," said
Quinnox, stepping inside the narrow ceil.
As he placed the lantern on the floor he
whispered: "I will return in an hour.
.Read this!" Lorry's hand closed over
the bit of perfumed paper.
The Prince was now inside the cell,
peering about curiously, even timorously.
"By the way, your Highness, how would
you enjoy living in a hole like this all
your life?"
"Horrible!" said Gabriel, shuddering
like a leaf.
"Then take my advice; don't commit
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"any * murders. . Hire someone else." ,
The | two men eyed j each other steadily
for; a roomentror two. — ; Then : - the' Prince"
looked-'b&t 'of. the; cell,- a mad S desire to *
fly from some dreadful -i unseen ihorror
■ coming over hiia. . ' ■-•„.;. ' V ; .
Quinnox lockedi<the door, and, striking
:a match, bade his' 1 Highness ; precede him
up the stone steps. - < V-v < r ,-
In the cell tho prisoner read' and reread
the incoherent message from Yetive :•'
"It is the only way. Quinnox , will as
sist you to escape to-night.". Go, I implore
you; as you love me, go.; Your life Js.
more than all to me. Gabriel's story 'will
not be entertained and he can. have no',
proof. He will be torn-'to;pleces, Quinnox.;
says. I do not know how* I can live until'
I am certain you are safe. This will be
the longest night a woman ever spent.;
If I could only be sure that you will do^
as I ask, as I beg and implore! Do.noti'
think of me, but save yourself. I would-"
lose everything to save you." •'■«.."
Ho emiled, sadly as he burned the "par
don." The concluding sentences swept
away the last thought he might have had
of leaving her to bear the consequences.
"Do not think of me, but save yourself.
I would lose everything to save you."
He leaned against the stone wall and
shook his head slowly, the smile still on
his lips.
XXV-"BECAUSE I "LOVE HIM."
The next morning Edelweiss v/as astir
early. Great throngs of people flocked the
streets long before the hour set for the
signing of the decree, that was to divide
the north from the south. There were
men and women from the mountains,
from the southern ' valleys, from the
plains to the north and east. Sullen were
the mutterings, threatening the faces, re
sentful the hearts of those who crowded
the shops, the public places and the
streets. Before 9 oclock the great con
course of people began to push toward
the castle. Castle Avenue was packed
with the moving masses. Thousands upon
thousands of. this humbled race gathered
outside the walls, waiting for the news
from, the castle with the spark of hope
that does not die until the very end, nurs
ing the possibility that something might
intervene at the last moment to save the
country from disgrace and ruin^
A strong guard was required _ to keep
the mob back from the gates, and the
force of men on the wall had been quad
rupled. Business in the city was suspend
ed. The whole nation, it seemed, stood
before the -walls, awaiting, with bated
breath and dismal faces, the announce
ment that Yetive had deeded to Bolaroz
the lands and lives of half of her sub
jects. The northern plainsmen, who were
so soon to acknowledge Axphain sover
eignty, wept and wailed over their un
happy lot. Brothers and sisters from the
south cursed and moaned in sympathy.
. Shortly before 9 o'clock, Harry Anguish,
with his guard of six. rode up to the cas
tle. Captain Dangloss was beside him on
his' gray charger. They had scarcely
passed inside the gates when a cavalcade
of mounted men came riding up the ave
nue from the Hotel Regengetz. Then the
howling, the hissing, the hooting began.
Maledictions were hurled at the heads of
Axphain noblemen as they rode between
the maddened lines of people. They
smiled sardonically in reply to the im
potent signs of hatred, but they were glad
when the castle . gates closed be
tween them and the vast^ despairing
crowd, in which the tempest of revolt was
brewing with unmistakable energy.
Prince Bolaroz, the Duke of Mz
rox and the ministers were already
in the castle and had been there
since the previous afternoon. In the
royal palace the excitement was intense,
but it was of the subdued kind that
strains the nerves to the point where con
trol is martyrdom.
When the attendants went to the bed
chamber of the Princess at 7 o'clock, as
was their wont, they found, to their sur
prise, no one standing guard.
The Princess was not in her chamber,
nor had she been there during the night.
The bed was undisturbed. In some alarm
the two women ran to her parlor, then to
the boudoir. Here they found her asleep
on the divan, attired in the gown she had
worn since the evening before, now crum
pled and creased, the proof positive of a
restless, miserable night.
Her first act after awakening and un
tangling the meshes in her throbbing, un
comprehending brain, was to send for
Quinnox. She could scarcely wait for his
appearance and the assurance that Lorry
was safely out of danger. The footman
who had been sent to fetch the captain
was a long time in returning. She was
dressed in her breakfast gown long before
he came In with the report that the cap
tain was nowhere to be found. Her heart
gave a great throb of joy. She alone
could explain his absence. To her it
meant but one thing: Lorry's flight from
the castle. Where else could Quinnox be
except with the fugitive, perhaps once
more>inslde St. "< Valentine's? ' With- .the
great-load of suspense off her. mind she
cared; not for the trial that still confront
ed "her on /that -dreaded' morning. She
had" saved him and I she was . willing to
pay the price. ■.. v .. , . ;
Preparations began at once , for., the
eventful . transaction | in the . throne room.
The splendor of two courts was to shine
in rivalry. Ten o'clock was 'the hour set
for the' meeting of the two rulers, the
victor and -the victim. Her nobles . and
her ladies, 'her ministers, her guards and
her. lackeys moved' about In the halls,
dreading the hour, brushing against the
hated Axphalh- guests. In one of the
small" waiting-rooms sat' the Count • and
Countess " Halfont, the latter in ' tears.
The young Countess Dagmar stood atja
window with Harry Anguish.' The latter
was flushed and nervous and acted like
a- man' who 'expects that which is unex
pected . by others. .With a- strange con
fidence in his voice he sought to cheer
Iris depressed friends, .but i the cheerful
ness was, y not contagious. .,. The somberness
of a burial hung over the castle:
Half an hour before the • time set i for
the meeting in the throne room Yetive
sent for her uncle, her aunt and Dagmar.
As Anguish and the latter followed the
girl turned her sad. puzzled eyes up to the
face of the tall American and asked:
"Are you rejoicing over our misfortune?
You do not show a particle of regret. Do
you forget that we are sacrificing a great
deal to save the life of your friend? I do
not understand how you can be so heart
less."
"If you knew what I know you'd jump
so high you could crack those pretty heels
of yours together ten times before you
touched the floor again," said he, warmly.
"Please tell me," s^he cried. "I knew
there was something."
"But I am afraid so high a jump would
upset you for the day. You must wait
awhile, Dagmar." It was the first time
he had called her Dagmar, and she looked
startled.
"I am not used to waiting,'" she said,
confusedly.
"I think. I can explain satisfactorily
when I have more time," he said, softly,
in her ear, and although she tried she
could find no words to continue.
He left her at the head of the stairs and
did not see her again until she passed him
in the throne room. Then she was pale
and brave and trembling.
Prince Bolaroz and his nobles stood to
the right of the throne, the Graustark
men and women of degree to the left,
while near the door on both sides were to
be seen the leading military men of both
principalities. Near the Duke of Mizrox
was stationed the figure of Gabriel,
Prince of Dawsbergen. He had come with
a half-dozen followers among a crowd of
unsuspecting Axphainians. and had taken
his position near the throne. Anguish en
tered with Baron Dangloss and they
stood together near the doorway, the lat
ter whiter than he had ever been in his
life.
Then came the hush of expectancy. The
doors swung open, the curtains parted
and the Princess entered.
She was supported by the arm of her
tall uncle, Caspar of Halfont. Pages car
ried the train of her dress, a jeweled gown
of black. As she-advanced to the throne,
calm and stately, those assembled bent
knee to the fairest woman the eye ever
had looked upon.
The calm, proud exterior hid the most
unhappy of hearts. The resolute courage
with which her spirit had been braced
for the occasion was remarkable in more
ways than one. Among other inspira
tions behind the valiant show was the
bravery of a guilty conscience. Her
composure .sustained a shock when she
passed Allode at the door. That faithful,
heart-broken servitor looked at her face
with pleading, horror-struck eyes as much
as to say: "Good God, are you going to
destroy Graustark for the sake of that
murderer? Have pity on us— have pity!"
Before taking her seat on the throne,
■she swept the thrilled assemblage with
her wide blue eyes. There were shadows
beneath them and there were wells of
tears behind them. As she looked upon
the little knot of white-faced northern
barons, her knees trembled and her heart
gave a great throb of pity. Still the face
was resolute. Then she saw Anguish and
the suffering Dangloss; then the accus
ing, merciless eyes of Gabriel. At sight
of him she started violently and an icy
fear crept into her soul. Instinctively
she searched the gorgeous company for
the captain of the guard. Her'staunchest
ally was not there. Was she to hear the
condemning words alone? W r ould the peo
ple do as Quinnox had prophesied, or
would they believe Gabriel and curse her?
She sank into the great chair and sat
with staring, helpless eyes, deserted and
feeble.
At last the whirling brain ended Its
flight and settled down to the issue at
hand— the transaction with Bolaroz. Sum
moning all her self-control, she said:
"You are come, most noble Bolaroz, to
draw from us the price of our defeat. We
are loyal to our compact, as you are to
yours, sire. Yet, in the presence of my
people and in 'the name of mercy and
•justice, I ask you to grant us respite.
You are rich and powerful, we despoiled
and struggling beneath a weight we can
lift and displace if given a few short
years \ In , which to grow and gather
strength.' At this last hour in the fifteen
years of , omvindebtedness. I sue in sup
plication for the leniency that you can so
well accord. It is on the advice of my
counselors that^1 put away personal pride
and national dignity to. make this request,
trusting to your goodness of heart. If
you will-; not hearken to our petition for
a' renewal of. negotiations, there is but
one course ' opeiv; to Graustark. We can
and will pay our«debt of honor."
Bolaroz stood before her, dark and un
compromising. , She saw the futility of
her plea. .
, "I have ,'hot" forgotten, most noble peti
tioner, that you are ruler here, not I.
Therefore I am in no way responsible for
the conditions which confront you, except
that I am an honest creditor, come for his
honest dues. This is the twentieth of
November. You have had fifteen years
to accumulate enough to meet
the requirements of this day. Should I
suffer for your faults? There is in the
tieaty a provision which applies to an
emergency of this kind. Your inability to
liquidate In gold does not prevent the pay
ment of this honest debt in land, as pro
vided for in the sixth clause of the agree
ment. 'All that part of Graustark north
of a line drawn directly from east to
v.(st between the provinces of Ganlook
and Doswan, a tract comprising Doswan,
Shellotz, Varagan, Oeswald, Sesmai and
Gattabatton. You have two alternatives,
your Majesty. Produce the gold or sign
the decree ceding to AxphaJn the lands
stipulated in the treaty. I can grant no
respite.!'
"You'' knew when that treaty was
• framed that we could raise no such funds
in fifteen years," said Halfont, forgetting
himself in his indignation. Gaspon and
other men present approved his hasty
declaration.
"Am I dealing- with the Princess of
Graustark or with you, sir?" asked Bo
•laroz, roughly.
"You are dealing with the people of
Graustark. and among the poorest. I. I
•will sign the decree. There is nothing to
be gained by appealing to you. The pa
pers, Gaspon, quick! I would have this
transaction finished speedily." cried the
Princess, her cheeks flushing and her
eyes glov /ing from the flames of a burn
ing conscience. The groan that went up
from the northern nobles cut her like the
slash of a knife.
"There was one other condition." said
Bolaroz. hastily, unable to gloat as he
had expected. "The* recapture of the as
sassin who slew my son would have meant
much to Graustark. It is unfortunate
that your police department is so ineffi
cient." Dangloss -writhed beneath this
thrust. Yetive's eyes went to him, for
an instant, sorrowfully. Then they
dropped to the fatal document which
Gaspon has placed on the table before her.
The lines ran together and were the color
of blood. Unconsciously she took up the
pen in her nerveless fingers. A deep sob
came from the breast of her gray old
uncle, and Gaspon's hand shook life a leaf
as he placed the seal of Graustark on the
table, ready for use.
"The assassin's life could have saved
you," went on Bolaroz, a vengeful glare
coming to his eyes.
She looked up and her lips moved as If
she would have spoken. No words came,
no breath, it seemed to her. Casting a
piteous, hunted glance over the
faces before her, she bent ftsr
ward and blindly touched the pen to
the paper. The silence was that of death.
Before she could make the first stroke
a harsh voice, in which there was com
bined triumph and amazement, broke the
stillness like the clanging of a bell.
"Have you no honor?"
The pen dropped from her fingers as
the expected condemnation came. Every
eye in the house was turned toward the
white, twitching face of Gabriel of Daws
bergen. He stood a little apart from his
friends, his finger pointed throneward.
The Princess stared at the nemesislikc
figure for an Instant, as if petrified. Then
the pent-up fear crowded everything out
of its path. In sheer desperation, her
eyes flashing with the Intensity of defiant
guilt, bitter rage welling up against h:r
persecutor, she half arose and cried:
"Who uttered those words? Speak!"
"I Gabriel. of Dawsbergen! Where is
the prisoner, madam?" rang out the
voice. ,
"The man Is mad!" cried she, sinking
back with a shudder.
"Mad eh? Because I do as I did prom
ise? Behold the queen of perfidy!
Madam, I will be heard. Lorry la In th!i
castle!"
"Ha is mad!" gasped Bolaroz, the first
of the stunned spectators to flild his
tongue.
There was a commotion near the door.
VoiC33 were heard outside.
"Yaw heve been duped!" Insisted Ga
briel, taking several steps toward the
throne: "Your idol ia a traitress, a de
ceiver! I say he is here! She has seen
him. Let her sign that decree if she
dares! I command you, Yctive of Grau
stark, to produce this criminal!"
The impulse to crush the defiler was
checked by the sudden appearance of two
men irside the curtains.
"He is here!" cried a strong voice, and
Lorry, breathless and haggard, pushed
through the astonished crowd, followed
by Captain Quinnox. upon whose ghastly
face there were bloodstains.
A shcut went up from those assembled,
a shout of joy. The faces of Danglosa
and Allode were pictures of astonish
ment and— it must be said— relief. Harry
Anguish staggered, but recovered him
self instantly, and turned hia eye3 to
ward Gabriel. That worthy's legg trem
bled and his jaw dropped.
"I have the prisoner, your Majesty."
said Quinnox, in hoarse, discordant tones.
He stood before the throne with his cap
tive, but dared not look his mia
.tress in the face. As they stood
there the story of the night just
passed was told by the condition of the
two men. There had been a struggle for
supremacy in the dungeon and the pris
oner had won. The one had tried to hold
the other to the dungeon's safety, after
his refusal to leave the castle, and ths
other had fought his way to the halls
above. It was then that Quinnox had wit
enough to change front and drag his
prisoner to the place which, most of all.
he had wished to avoid.
"The prisoner!" shouted ths northern
nobles, and in an Instant the solemn
throne room was wild with excitement.
"Do not sign that decree!" cried some
one from a far corner.
"Here is your man, Prince Bolaroz!" 1
cried a Baron.
"Quinnox has saved us!" shouted an
other.
The Princess, white as death and as
motionless, sat bolt upright in her royal
seat.
"Oh!" she moaned piteously, and.
clenching her hands, she carried them
to her eyes as if to shut out the sight.
The Countess Halfont and Dagmar ran
to her side, the latter frantic with alarm.
She knew more than the others.
"Are you the fugitive?" cried Bolaroz.
"I am Grenfall Lorry. Are you Bo
laroz?"
"The father of the man you murdered.
Ah. this is rapture!"
"I have only to say to you. Prince, 1
did not kill your son. I swear it, so help
me Gcd!"
"Your Highness," cried Bolaroz, step
ping to the throne, "destroy that decree.
This brave soldier has saved Graustark.
In an hour your Ministers and mine will
have drawn up a ten years' extension of
time, in proper form, to which my sig
nature shall be gladly attached. I have
not forgotten my promise."
Yetive straightened suddenly, se'.zecl the
pen and fiercely began to si?n the decree,
in spite of all and before those about her
fairly realised her Intention. Lorry un
derstood, and was the first to snatch the
document from her hands. A half-writ
ten Yetive, a blot and a long 1 , spluttering
.scratch of the pen told how near she had
come to signing away the lands of Grau
stark, forgetful of the fact that it could
be of no benefit to the prisoner she loved.
"Yetive!" gasped her uncle, in horror.
"She would have signed !" cried Gaspon.
in wonder and alarm.
"Yes. I would have signed!" she ex
claimed, starting to her feet, strong
and defiant. "I could not have saved
his life, perhaps, but I might have
saved him from the cruel injustice
that that man's vengeance would have in
vented. He is innocent, and I would give
my kingdom to stay the wrong that will
be done."
"What! You defend the dog!" cried
Bolaroz. "Seize him. men! I will see that
justice is done. It is no girl he has to deal
with now."
"Stop!" cried the Princess, the command
checking the men. Quinnox leaped in front
of his charge. "He is my prisoner, and he
shall have justice. Keep back your sol
tHery, Prince Bolaroz. It is a girl you hav<s
to deal with. I will -say to you all, ray
people and yours, that I believe him to
be Innocent and that I sincerely regret his
capture, fortunate as it may be for us. He
shall have a fair and a just trial, and I
shall do all in my power. Prince BoIejo*.
to secure his acquittal."
"Why do you take this stand. Yetive?
Why have j^>u tried to shield him?" cried
the heart-broken Halfont.
She drew herself to her full height, and.
sweeping the threatening crowd with a
challenge in her eyes, cried, the tones
ringing strong and clear above the grow
ing tumult:
"Because I love him!"
As if by magic the room became sud
denly still.
"Behold an honest man. I would have
saved him at the cost of my honor. Scorn
me if you will, but listen to this. The man
who stands here accused came voluntarily
to this castle, surrendering himself to
Captain Quinnox, that he might, though
innocent, stand between us and disaster.
He was safe from our pursuit, yet re
turned, perhaps to his death. For me. for
you and for Graustark he has done this,
la there a man among you who would
have done as much for h:s own country?
Yet he does this for a country to which
he is a stranger. I must commit him to
prison once more. But," she cried in sud
den fierceness, "I promise him now, before
the trial, a royal pardon. Do I make my
meaning clear to you, Prince Bolaroz?"
The white lips of the old Prince could
frame no reply to this daring speech.
"Be careful what you say. your High
ness," cried the prisoner, hastily. "I must
refuse to accept a pardon at the cost of
your honor. It is because I love you bet
ter than my life that I stand here. I can
not allow you and your people to suffer
when it is in my power to prevent ft. All
that I can ask is fairness and justice. I
am not guilty, and God wiil protect me.
Prince Bolaroz, I call upon you to keep
your promise. I am -not the slayer of
your son, but I am the man you would
send to the block, guilty or Innocent."
As he spoke the Princess dropped back
in the chair, her rash courage gone. A
stir near the doorway followed this con
cluding sentence, and the other American
stepped forward, his lace showing his ex
citement.
"Your Highness," he said, "I should
have spoken sooner. My lips were parted
and ready to cry out when Prince Gabriel
interposed and prevented the signing of
the decree. Grenfall Lorry did not kill
the young Prince. I can produce the
XXVI-THE GUESSING OF ANGUISH. -
The startling assertion created a fresh
sensation. Sensations had come so thick
and so fast, however, that they seemed
component parts of one grand bewildering:
climax. The new actor in the drama held
the center of the stage undisputed.
"Harry!" cried Lorn'.
"Prince Gabriel, who do you shake like
a leaf? Is it because you know what I
am , going to say?" exclaimed Anguish,
pointing his finger accusingly at the as
tonished Prince of Dawsbergen.
(Concluded Next Week.)IT was the first night of the China
New Year. Chung Goy ran as fast at
his Eandals would permit up the nar
row eight of stairs which led to tht
Chinese restaurant, and out on th«
balcony, where the crowd of Celestlali
were watching for tb,e great procession ol
the dragon. His little legs, encased
in pale green trousers, were tied ai
the £_r.kles, and his lavender ehoir
(blouse) gleamed In the light of the mans
drag-on lanterns swaying In th© nighf
breeze. His hair •was in a long Queue and
*^his head he ■wore a little round black
J inese cap with a button on top. Chung
Goy was bo afraid he would miss seeing
the dragon. He had never seen it yet,
for be was not very old, and now that the
loos expected moment had come he fairly
trembled with excitement.
Ills Ho Chun (father) was on the bal
ccny and he hurried to nestle up to him.
as It was cold and the wind was always
blowing in San Francisco. It seemed as
if the procession would never come. He
grew tired watching so many people pass,
and perhaps the fumes of the opium Ho
Chun was smoking got into his brain, but
at any rate the first thing he knew he saw
a great, squirmy thing approaching him.
It was spitting fire from its eyes
and mouth and at first he felt afraid. Oh,
what a dreadful monster! It would eui-ely
devour him. He heard himself saying:
"Velly bad snake— I no likee. Go 'way.
I "fiaid."
And *hen he heard a voice like the mut
tering of thunder, and the voice came
out of the dragon's mouth, and it was
saying in the Chinese language: "Samen
k'ai (little boy), I have come to take you
U> Dragon Land. Slip away from Ho
Chun and fly with me."
•'Oh, no," gasped the trembling boy.
•"I velly much 'flaid the big dlagon eat
Tr.e up." And then the dragon spoke
again, but this time the voice was as soft
and sweet as music, and the fire no longer
came from his eyes and mouth.
He had such a. kind look on his face,
too, and spoke in such a persuasive tone
that the samen jai ceased to be afraid,
and slipping down from nls father he ran
down the narrow steps again and out into
the street and climbed upon the big
dragon's back, and then he Baw lots of
other Chinese boys doing the same thing.
He held on tightly, for the dragon went
in such a squirming way that he was
afraid he would fall off. And he held on
to his little silk cap as the dragon's speed
increased, for it was his best one, and
he did not wish to lose it.
Oh, this was Jolly! He had certainly
never thought that he would ever ride on
the dragon's back. And what a lot he
would have to tell Mo Chun (mother)
when he reached home. It was a good
thing Mo Chun did not know it now, he
to himself, or she would be "velly
fendi 'flaid." After squirming through
all sorts of queer countries the big dragon
stopped so suddenly that they all fell off
his back and down his slippery sides.
Chung Goy rubbed his eyes and looked
e round him, and oh, how funny! There
were just thousands of dragons of aJl
sizes, and this beautiful place was their
home. They all had such kind faces and
spoke in such a gentle way that no one
could feel afraid. There were great groves
of orange trees, all full of the mandarin,
the tiny flat Chinese orange. Chung Goy
just loved those "ollanges," but he had
never before picked them from a tree.
Ho Chun had always bought them from
the street stands In Chinatown. Then
there were trees of 11 chee (nuts) and
long tables just filled with Chinese candy,
delicious preserved ginger, watermelon
and all those good things so dear to the
heart of a Chinese child.
It was night, but the trees were bo' full
of the great dragon lanterns that it made
tt almost as light as day, and there were
::o dark corners anywhere. There was a
dragon orchestra under one of the trees
and they were playing the loveliest Chi
nese music, and the shrill piping of the
fageolets and the beating of the tom-
Cfis were Indeed beautiful to the cars
or Chung Goy and his friends. And it
'ooked too funny for anything to see dra
gons holding the different instruments
with their claws. The Chinese children
;:1! marched In a row to the music, hold
ing each other by the queue. Chung Goy
ii&d never had eo much fun In his little
UJe as he was having now. But just as he
v.^s beginning to feel huVigry there ap-
P'-ared before his gaze a very long table,
just filled with everything that a child
< oulfl possibly want, and all served by
the ounningest little dragons.
There were such dainty little china
oups without handles, and in them the
most delicious chah (tea). Everybody
higgled all the time, in that funny little
Chinese way, and no one told them to
stop. While they were Bitting at the
i&ble the dragons brought them each a
big basket of fireworks. Now. a Chinese
< hUd is even more fond of fireworks than
an American child, and so they kicked
•op their little sandals with delight, and
afler each one had been given a lighted
Ofinese punk, they began to pop the
crackers, and oh. what fun It was! There
was such a delightful noise, with so many
popping, and the odor of the .punks was
most pleasant- It eeemed like the more
they popped the more they had left in
.their baskets. Finally, the big king of
the dragons said he must take them
home now, or he would not be back ir
time for the New lear procession, and
it would never do to disappoint the people.
So each one was allowed to keep his
basket, as a New Year's gift, and squirm
ing away again, they at last entered the
narrow streets of Chinatown, with its
rows of dragon lanterns and its odor of
Incense everywhere. Once more h€
climbed the narrow steps, and crept intc
the arms of Ho Chun. It seemed he had
not noticed his ab&ence, and he arrived
just in time, for just then there was a
great noise of tom-toms and crowds
shouting. The streets were aglare with
a strange red light, and looking down he
saw the familiar form of the King Drag
on. Now he was Epitting fire from his
eyes and mouth, but this time little
Chung Goy was not afraid, for he knew—
he knew. JESSIE JULIET KNOX.
Major Sayres' Battery
Continued from Page Nine.
a-way. but thar' 6 folks who sort o makes
sadness a speshulty, women folks, lots of
'em, who allows that what I'm about to
recount to you all possesses them ele
ments of sorrow a whole lot. It's like
this:
" 'Thar's a young captain— he ain't
more'n a boy— who's brought a troop of
lancers along with us. This boy captain
hails from some'ers up 'round Waco, an*
thar ain't a handsomer or braver than
what he is in all Pres'dent Davis' army.
This captain— whose name is Edson— an'
me bein' we-all is both young, works
ourse'fs into a clost friendship for each
other; which I feels about him Jike he's
my brother. Nacherally. over a campflre
an' mebby a stray bottle an' a piece of
roast antelope him an' me confides all
about ourse'fs. This Captain Edson back
In Waco has got a old widowed mother,
who's some rich for Texas; an' also thar^s
a sweetheart he plans to marry when the
war's done an' he settles down to practice
law, said- science that a-way bein' Cap
tain Edson's profession. I reckons how
him an* me done talks of that mother an'
sweetheart of his a hundred times.
"•It falls out that whar we fords the
Pecos we runs up on a Mexican plaza—
the "Plaza Chico," they-all calls it-an'
we camps thar by the river a week, giv
in' our cattle a chance to roll an' recoop
erate up on the grass an' water a whole
lot.
" 'Then we goes p'intin' out for the set
tin' sun ag'in, aimin' to strike the Rio
THE NEW YEAR
OF
CHUNG
GOY
Grande som'ers below Albuquerque. Cap
tain Edson, while we're pesterln' 'round
at the Plaza Chlco, attaches to his re
tinoo a Mexican boy, an' as our boogies
begins to sing an* we lines out for that
push west'ard ho this yere boy rides along
with Edson an' them gallant lancers. ,
" 'Our old war chief who has charge of
our wanderin's is strictly stern an' hard.
An' I reckons now he's the last gent to
go makin' soft allowances for any warmth
of yooth or to puttin' up with any "prim
rose paths of. gentle dalliance," ' as the
poet observes, whoever buckles on a set
of sidearms. It thus befalls that' when
he discovers on the mornin' of the second
day that this yere Mexican boy is a Mexi
can girl,, a whole lot, he Jest simply goes
screamin' into the ambient air like a
eagle. , Which thar's shore a riot. .
" 'The pld man claps Edson onder ar
rest an' commands the girl to saddle up
an' go streakin' back for the Plaza' Chlco
plenty abrupt. As it's only a slow day's
march an' as these yere Mexican!; knows
the country like a coyote, it's of course a
cinch the girl meets no harm an' runs no
resks. But it serves to plant the thorns
* of wrath in the heart of Captain Edson.
" 'The Old man makes him loose an'
gives him back his lancers before ever we
rides half a day, but It don't work no
mollifications with Captain Edson. He
offers no remark's back, bein' too good a
soldier that a-way; but he never speaks
THE SUNDAY CALL.
to. the old man no more except it's shore
business. . . ,
" '. "Joe," he says to me as we rides
along, or mebby after we're in camp at
night, "I'll never go back to Texas. I've
been disgraced at the head of my troop an'
I'll take no sech record home."
" ' "You oughter not talk that a-way,
Ed," I'd say, tryin' to, get his sensibilities
soothed an' bedded down. "If you don'{
care none for yourse'f or your footure,
you-all should remember thar's somethin
comin' to them loved ones at home. More
over, it's plumb weak about sayln' you
all ain't goin' back to Texas no more.
How be you goin' to he'p it, onless you
pi.es up shore enough disgrace by desert-
In' them lancers of yours?"
" • "Which If we has the luck," says
this Captain Edson, shakin" his head pien
ty downcast, \'to cut the trail of any
Yanks who's capable of aimin' low, an'
shootin' halfway troo,. I'll find a way to
dodge that goin' back without desertin'."
" 'No, I don't make no argyments with
him; it's hopeless talkin' to a gent who's
melancholy an' who's pride's been jarred;
thar's nothin' but time can fix things up
for him. An' I allers allows that thi3
boy captain would have emerged, from
them clouds eventooal, only it happens
he don't get time enough. .His chance
comes too soon; : an' he shorely plays it
plumb desperate;
" 'Our- first . offlshal act after reachln';
the Rio Grande is to lay for a passei or
Yank cavalry— thar's plumb two thousand
of 'em, I reckons. We rides up on these
yere lively persons jest as we sounds a
halt for the evenln'. It looks like our
boogies is a summons to 'em, for they
comes buttin'. into view through • a dry
arroyo an' out on to the flat green bot»
toms of the Rio Grande at the first calL
They're about a mile away, an' at sijrlr
of us they begins in a leeshurely fashion
to throw out a line of battle. They fights
on foot, them bloo folks do; dismountln',
with every fourth man to hold the hosses.
They displays a heap of Insolence, for
nothlii' but. cavalry, an', no big guns; but
as they-all fights like infantry, an' is
armed with Spencer seven-shooters be
sides, the play ain't so owdacious, neither.
11 'Thar's mebby a hour of sun yet, an'
Cm gettln' my battery Into line. I'm tired
an' a heap disgusted to think -we've got
to flght for our night's camp, an* I'm
swearin' to myse'f in a # low tone, so's not
to set profane examples to my men, at
the idee that these yere Yanks is so pree
cip'tate they can't wait till mornin' for
their war jig. But I can't he'p myse'f.
That proverb about it takln' two to make
a fight is all a bluff. It only takes one to
make a flght. As far as we-all rebs is
concerned that time, we ain't honin' none
for trouble, leastwise, not until mornin',
but them inordinate Yanks will have it,
an' thar you be. That flght can't be .post
poned.
" 'Thar's no tumblin' hurry about how
any of us goes to work. Both sides has
got some old at the game, an' war ain't
the novelty she is once. Them Yanks is
takin' their p'sition, an'we're locatin' our
lines an' all as ca'mly an' with no more
excitement than if it's dress p'rade. The
Yanks is from. Colorado. My sergeant
speaks of 'em to me the next day an'
gives his opinions touchin' their merits.
" ' "Where did you say them Yankees
comes from, major?" says my sergeant.
Colorado," I replies.
•""Which thar's about thirty minutes
last evenin'," says
my sergeant, "when
I shorely thinks
they're recrooted In"
hell. They're warm
members, them Yan
kees be, an* that's
whatever!"
" 'While, as I re
lates, I'm linln* up
my battery plumb
discontented an' dis
gruntled, my orderly
pulls my sleeve.
" * "Look thar, ma
jor," he says.
" 'I turns, an' thar
over on our right, all
alone, goes Captain
Edson an' his laa
cers, as straight as
arrers for them
Yanks. Wi thout
waitin' for the rest,
an' without thsm
commands of the
Old Man, Captain
Edson has his boog
ler sound a charge,
an' thar them lan
cers be stampedln'
along like they're a
whole army c"orps,
an' ca p a b 1 e of
sweepin' them 2000
cool an' c'llected
Yankees off the Rio
Grande.
" 'For a moment
all we does is stand
an' look. The sur*
prise of it at first
leaves no idee of ac
tion. Them lancers
swings across ths
grassy levels. Thar's
not a shot fired; tfce
lancers ain't got
nothin' but them
reedlc'Ious s p ears,
an' the Yanks, who
seems to know it,
stands like the rest
of us without flrin'
an' watches 'em
come. It's like a
picture; in the thin
bright air, an' with
the settin' sun shin-
In' over the gray
line of mountains
fifty miles to the
west.
" 'I never sees
folks more ca'm an'
placid • than' them
Yanks, an' at the
same time so plumb
alert. Mountain lions
is lethargic to 'em.
When Captain Ed-
son an' his lancers charges Into 'em the
Yanks opens right an' left, each sharp of
.'em gettin' outen the way of the partie'lar
lancer who's tryin' to spear him; but all
In a steady, onruffled fashion that's as
threatenin' as it is excellent. Them lan
cers with Captain Edson goes through,
full charge» twenty rods to the r'ar of
ttre Yankee line. An', gents, never a man
rides back.
■ " 'As 1 Edson an* his troop flashes
through, them Tanks turns an' opens on
'em. The voices of them Spencer Sfftoi:
shooters sounds like the long roll of a
drum. Hoss an' man goes down, dead an*
wounded; never a gent of 'em all rides
back through that awful Yankee line.
Pore Edson shorely had his wish; at least
we cuts the trail of folks who's cap'ble
of aimin' low an* shootin' half way troo.
" 'These yere sperited moves I've been
reelln' off don't take no time in the doln*.
This harebrain play of Captain Edson
sort o* forces our hands. The Old Man
orders a charge all along our line. Wa
pushes them Yanks back onto their
hosses an' rescooa what's left of Edson
an' his lancers. After sklnnlshin* awhile
the Tanks draws plumb off an* leaves us
alone on the field. They shore earns them
encomiums of my sergeant though before
ever they decides to vamos.
" 'Edson' a been shot hard an' frequent;
thar's no chance for him left. He look*
up at me, when we're bringin' him off,
an' says:
" ' "Joe," an' he smiles an* squeezes my
hand, while his tones Is plenty feeble,
"Joe, you notes, don't you, that I ain't
goin" back to Texas, an' I don't have to
desert."
" 'That night we beds down that boy
captain in a sol'tary Mexican 'doby. He's
layln' on a pile of blankets, clost to the
door, while the moon shines down an*
makes things light aa noonday. He's been
talkin' to me an' givin' me messages for
his mother an* the rest of his outfit at
Waco, an* I promises to carry "em safe
an' deliver 'em when I trails in on good
old Texas later. At last he wants his
mare brought up where he can pat her
nose an' s"ay "Adios" to her.
" ' "For Joe," he says, "I'm doo to go
at once now, an' my days is down to
minutes."
•• • "The medicine man, Ed," I says,
"tells me that at the worst you-ali ha»
hours to live."
" ' "But, Joe," he replies, "I knows. An*
I'm a mighty good prophet, you recalls,
about my not goin' back none, an' you
can gamble I'm not makin' any mistakes
now. It's down to minutes, I tells you,
an' I wants to see my mare."
" '"WTiich the mare is brought up an*
stands thar with her velvet muzzle in his
face. . Her name's Ruth, after Edaoa'a
sweetheart back by "Waco that a-way.
The mare is as splendid as a picture;
pure blood she is, an' her speed an* bot
tom is the wonder of the army. Usual a
hoss is locoed by the smell of blood, but
it don't stampede this Ruth; leastwise
pore Edson's blood, an' she stays thar
with him as still an' tender as a woman,
an* most likely with all the sorrow to her
heart of folks. As Edson rubs her nose
with his weak hand an' pets her a whole
lot, he asks me to take this Ruth back to
his sweetheart with all his love."
" ' "Which, of course," he whispers,
"now I'm goin' no one's ever to mention
that cepisode of the Rio Pecos an' the lit
tle Mexican girl of the Plaza Chlco."
" 'Edson lays plumb still awhile; an*
then after sayln' "Good by" he lets on he
desires me to leave him alone with the
mare.
" ' "I'll give Ruth yere a kiss an* a ex
tra message for my sweetheart." he says,
"an' then I reckons I'll sleep some."
" 'I camp3 down jest outside the 'doby
an' looks up at the moon an* begins to
let my thoughts go grazln* off toward
Texas, like a gent allers does when any
sorrow prounces on him. It's perhaps a
minute when thar's the sharp crack! of a
six-shooter, an* the mare Ruth r*ars up
an' back'ard until she's almost down. But
she recovers hers'f an' stands sweatln*
an" shiverin' an* her eye3 burnin* like she
sees a ghost. Shore, it's all over. Pore
Edson can't wait; he gets to his guns an*
puts a bullet through his head.' "
PERFECT IMITATION
OF AURORA BOREALIS
JX? FOREIGN scientist has recently
/Z_X\ made some wonderful experiments
II p In electricity that will crown his
name with honor. By plunging
th3 negative wire of a powerful induction
co 4 l in a vessel of water and bringing
the positive wire Into contact with the
surface of the water or slightly belcm It
he has succeeded in creating the perfect
aurora bbrealls or northern lights we
have seen In the sky with such wonder
and admiration.
The flickering streamers, now faint, now
brillliant; the dark arc or half circle
from which they flow— all the varied phe
nomena that have puzzled the mind of
the observer are accurately repeated on
a small scale.
M. Plante thinks that the aurora of our
northern skies is produced by a flow of
positive electricity- through the upper re
gions of the air into 1'anetary space, the
fact that lightning and other similar phe
nomenon are not frequent at the polar
regions showing that the discharge la not
toward the earth.
He believes that all the planets aro
charged with positive electricity and that
this flows out from the neighborhood of
their magnetic polea. "When it meets no
resistance it goes off in obscure rays, but
■when it encounters masses of vapor then
it becomes the glorious aurora.
These mysterious lights, waving and
dancing In the northern sky, have always
been a marvel and a puzzle to mankind
and any information that we can gain
to the cause of their coming and going is
welcomed by old and young. This beauti
ful experiment .proves that the aurora is
but another form of the mysterious forca
that sDP-ika to us through the telephone
ana telegraph, that heats our houses*
cooks our food, gives us light in darkn***
and conveys us over land aad sea.
1516
HAPPY
NEW
YEAR
THE SUNDAY GALL;Pages 17 to 26
VOLUME XCl^-NO 29.
TWENTY-TWO LIVES ARE REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN LOST IN THE STORM
WHICH RAGED WITH UNPARALLELED FURY ALONG THE NORTHWEST COAST
LORD KITCHENER REPORTS THE BRITISH LOSS
IN ZEEFONTEIN ENGAGEMENT TO BE MORE
THAN TWO HUNDRED KILLED AND WOUNDED
Boer Force Under General Dewet Surprises Firman's Camp and Its
Suddenly Awakened Defenders Are Shot Down as They Rush
Out of Their Tents to Resist the Fierce Attack of the Enemy
LONDON. Dec. 28.— The War Office
this afternoon issued a list of the
British casualties at Zeefontein
on December £4, when Colonel
Firman's camp, consisting of
three companies of yeomanry and two
guns, was successfully rushed by a Boer
commando under General Dewet. The list
indicates the entire success of Dewet's
attack. Six oilers end fifty men were
killed, eight oS * were wounded and
four are missing. is presumed that tho
XBWsing officers were taken along with
thf guns. The number of the non-com
missioned officers and men wounded and
tnissine has not yet been received, but
the aggregate promises to make the Zee
fontein affair a memorable disaster to the
British.
Simultaneously with the foregoing news
the War Office gave out a. dispatch from
Lord Kitchener noting a minor success of
the South African constabulary, who raid
ed Bothaville and captured thirty-six
Boors.
Boers Surprise the Camp.
In a subsequent message Lord Kitch
ener sends a stirring account of the fight
ing at Zeefontein, showing that the
■wounded and prisoners must number
about 150. He says that in the absence
of Colonel Firman, Major "Williams, who
•was kir.ed, was in command. The column
■was cnamped on the elope of a kopje.
the eou'.hern eide of which was precip
itous. Outposts held the edge of the
precipice.
The northern elope, on which the camp
■wVs pitched, was gentle. The outposts
•W&e well pushed out and the position,
raturally strong, had been entrenched.
It was a moonlight night. The Boers
appear to have climbed the precipice,
and, mustering near the top at 2 «. m.,
suddenly at acked the picket on the sum
tr.it. Before the men could ret dear of
The San Francisco Call.
their tents the Boers swooped through
the camp, shooting the soldiers as they
came out. Most of the British officers
were shot while trying to stem the rush.
Lieutenant Harwich himself opened fire
with the "pompoms" and was shot
through the heart while fighting. Lieu
tenant Watney was killed while leading
a charge.
There was no panic and all engaged did
their best; but once the picket was over
whelmed the superior force of the Boers
had all the advantage.
Gun's Defenders All Slain,
Including the killed and wounded, about
half the column is now at Elands River
bridge. The remainder are prisoners. A.
fifteen-pounder after two rounds became
Jammed. The men composing the detach
ment stood by the gun and were shot
down around it.
Lieutenant Scarlett, who was wounded,
was overlooked by the Boers and left be
hind. He saw two wagon loads of dead
and wounded Boers carried off. Most of
them were hit during the first attack on
the picket.
The Boers, who apparently numbered
about 1200, under General Dewet, behaved
well, leaving men to look after the
wounded. ■
The Imperial Light Horse were four
teen miles distant. They heard of the
fighting at 4:30 o'clock and arrived on the
scene at 6:30 o'clock. After breathing
their horses they galloped after the
Boers, who, however, succeeded in reach
ing the broken country, where the Light
Horse) were useless against superior num
bers.
ADMITS TOLLING OE A SPY.
Captive Boer Commandant Scheepeis
Testifies in His Own. Behalf.
GRAAFE REINET, Cape Colony, Dec.
28.— Commandant Scheepers, who is prob-
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901— THIRTY-SIX PAGES.
"BOER FOX" WHO HAS REPEAT
EDLY OUTMANEUVERED THE
BRITISH IN SOUTH AFRICA.
ably the most hated of all the prisoners
now in the hands of the British and whose
trial was recently suspended owing to his
physical collapse, testified in his own be
half to-day. He made a vigorous defense
and denied six of the seven murders with
which he is charged. He declared that in
the seventh case the man killed was a
native spy who had been regularly tried
and convicted.
Scheepers admitted having whipped na
tives, who had been found guilty of con
veying information to the enemy, so
called unarmed native scouts being, in his
opinion, simply spies. He said that he had
had them whipped frequently, and Justi
fied their being shot. He declared that the
looting and burning of Government build
ings were reprisals in accordance with
Dewet's proclamation. Scheepers assert
ed that he always fed and treated his
prisoners as well as he was able.
CARNEGIE'S TEN-MILLION
GIFT TO BE ACCEPTED
Government Is to Receive Cash or
Securities Drawing Annual
Interest.
; WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.-Presldent
Roosevelt has received information from
Andrew Carnegie that Is expected to en
able him to submit to Congress a form
*of gift of $10,000,000 to the United States
for higher education. This offer will not
be in bonds of the United States Steel
Corporation, as formerly proposed, but
will be In a form expected to be generally
satisfactory. The gift is likely to be in
cash or in securities drawing annual In
terest.
RUSSIANS BATIXB WITH
MANCHTTEIAN BANDITTI
Lose Three Men in the Fighting and
Slay Forty-One of the
Natives.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 28.-General
Grodekoff reports that a Tongueses chief,
with thirty-six men, surrendered at Ba
jansusu, Eastern Manchuria, on Decem
ber 15. Other bands, on refusing to sur
render, were attacked by the Russians
and forty-one of the natives were killed.
Three Russians ■were killed during the
fighting.
POPE LEO IS TOO ILL
TO GIVE RECEPTION
New Year's Function in Honor of the
Diplomatic Corps Is Post-
poned.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— A dispatch from
Rome says the Pope is ill. The. New
year's reception to the displomatic corps
has therefore been postponed.
Counterfeit Gold Certificates.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Chief Wilkle
of the secret service has issued a circular
stating that a counterfeit $20 gold certifi
cate is In circulation. He says It is an
untinted photograph and would not de
celve any one who Is accustomed to hand
ling money. <
GRIM DEATH
RULES OVER
WRECKAGE
Numerous Disasters the
Result of the Vio
lent Gale.
Many Japanese Supposed to
Have Perished in the
Flood.
Indian Village Is Swept Out Into
. the Shipwrecking Sea and An
other Vessel Has Disap
peared Suddenly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 28.— Twenty
Japanese were drowned or burled inex
tricably under a mass of debris, one man
was killed in the logging woods up the
coast, while a Lulu Island farmer died
from exposure.
These are additional fatalities recorded
to-day as the result of one of the great
est storms In the history of the coast. A
reckoning of the Japanese residents of
Steveston was taken to-day to estimate
the number who must have perished in
the wreck of a large boarding-house at
the mouth of the Fraser River near the
Cleeve Company's fishing station. It is
certain that there were at least twenty
men In the building and- perhaps more
and not one escaped. ■
The boarding-hou§£ In which the men
were was built on high piles a mile and
a half from shore. One by one the sup
ports were knocked .from under It and
at S o'clock Thursday morning the build
ing -w«nt . down., and; entirely_,.collaivse.cl^
The waves were'~runnlng very , high over
the flats at that ! time and the ; house,'
when It dropped, was engulfed. . .
Japanese Surely Lost. - '
The falling of the house .was observed
from Point .Roberts,* to which place tel
ephonic communication, was established
to-day. Nothing but kindling wood Is left
of the main building and there Is not a
possible chance of one of the' score or
more of inmates reaching shore.
The only fatality up the coast was the
killing of George Clark, a logger. He
was In a small cabin in the woods with
two men named Crockford and Cooper.
The fury of the gale at 2 o'clock In the
morning caused Cooper to leave the shack
for higher ground, out of the reach of
the trees, but the others stayed behind.
After he had gone Clark arose and com
menced to lay a flre In the stove. At the
time Crockford still remained in bed.
While Clark was on his knees before the
fire there was a tremendous crash and
without a moment's warning the roof of
the cabin fell in.
Others In the camp heard the noise, and
when they reached the scene they found
the cabin smashed to kindling wood and
Clark dead, while Crockford was pinned
down in his bed by a limb of a tree which
had fallen on the hut. The tree was a
monster and it had two forks. One- of
these had crushed Glark to death and
the other had pinned Crockford down,
but, luckily for him, he was uninjured. It
took some time to extricate Crackford,
and those who rescued him state that it
is a miracle that he, too, was not killed.
Had the fork of the tree gone another
three inches lower his body would have
been crushed to a pulp.
Caught by the Tide.
This morning the body of a farmer
named Theodore Hewitt of Lulu Island
was found in a pool of water half a mile
away from the river. He had evidently
been going home when he found that tho
Incoming tide which broke over the dykes
had surrounded \ him ■ with water. He
probably laid down, and becoming be
numbed went to sleep an<J died either
from exposure or from drowning by the
foot or two of water which surrounded
him.
An entire Indian village and the build
ings and plant adjacent to the Hadding
ton Island stone quarry were blown into
the gulf, according to news brought by.
the steamship Tees. The island is a mile
In extent and was formerly covered with
a growth of fir trees clinging to the rocky
sides. There is not now even a tree re
maining and everything above the face
of the rock was stripped clean. Fifty
natives who lived in a little village all
camped under the lee side of the island
and ' saw their tepees carried away and
some of them blown bodily a . hundred
yards from the shore. The quarry build
ings were . on j the exposed side and they
were demolished. The whole vicinity is
strewn . with lumber and uncut logs and
navigation Is difficult for that reason.
The Tees put into Alert Bay, a short
distance away, and there found the
steamer Edith of Seattle. The Edith, tried
to tie up at' the cannery wharf, but only
succeeded In tearing off a corner of the
building with a few piles and was finally
compelled to start away for Seattle.
Smashing of Log Booms.
Captain Moosy, master . of the steamer
Cassiar, stated to-day that a great deal
of damage was caused up the coast by the
gale. The float and standing boom at
Bear River belonging to the Hastings
Mill camp were carried away and have
not been found yet. There are many re
ports at different places that booms of
logs were smashed, and many logs are to
Continued on Page Eighteen.
BATTLESHIP MISSOURI SLIDES FROM WAYS
AT NEWPORT NEWS SHIPYARD WHILE CHEERS
OF FIFTEEN THOUSAND SPECTATORS RESOUND
Miss Marion Cockrell Breaks the Traditional Bottle of Cham
page and at the Post-Launching Banquet Secretary Long
Urges the Need of Increasing the Navy of the United States
NEWPORT NEWS, Va,, Dec. 2S.-4
The battleship Missouri was
launched at the shipyard here
to-day at 11:12 o'clock. Fifteen
thousand persons, it is estimat-.
ed, saw the defender go into the water.
The launching passed off without a hitch
and none prettier or more successful was
ever accomplished, here. Miss Marion
Cockrell, daughter of Senator F. M. Cock
rell of Missouri, was sponsor for the ship
and she performed the duty assigned her
with the traditional bottle of champagne,
using a bottle of Missouri product' for
the purpose.
The number of distinguished guests
gathered around the sponsor on ." the
christening platform was larger than
ever seen here before. Among them were
Secretary of the Navy Long, Secretary of
the Interior Hitchcock; Rear Admiral
Melville," U. S. N., chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering; Rear Admiral O'Neill,
U.S. N., chief of ordnance: Judge Ad
vocate Lemly, U. S. N. ; Lieutenant Gov
ernor J. A. Lee of Missouri, acting for
Governor Dockery; Governor Tyler of
Virginia; Corwin H. Spencer of St. Louis,
representing the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position Company; Congressman Rixey,
representing the House Committee on
Naval Affairs; Senator Cockrell, and a
number of army and navy officers.
Mrs. Roosevelt, wife of President
Roosevelt, came up from Old Point Com
fort on the United States dispatch boat
Dolphin, with her guests, and viewed the
launching from the steamer's deck.
Cheers for Battleship's Sponsor.
When the big ship had glided off the
ways into the water the crowd on the
guests' platform gave three cheers for
Miss Cockrell, three for the army and
navy, three for Secretary Long and three
for the shipyard.
After inspecting the various depart
ments of the plant the guests repaired to
the shipyard ■wharf, where they boarded
the steamer Washington, going to Old
Point Comfort. At the Chamberlain
Hotel this afternoon the customary post
launching banquet was given, the guest*
heretofore mentioned being on the pro
gramme ■ as the principal speakers. Hon.
John D. Long spoke In part as follows:
"I have been interested in the circular
signed by many eminent citizens, my be
loved friend E. E. Hale at the head, in
which they regret the estimate of $100,
000,000 for the increase of the navy. The
size of the navy, if there is to be a navy
at all, Is a question, like the tariff, of ad
justment rather than of principle. Of
course, it is rather a taking thing to say
as a matter of theory, as this circular
says, that $100,000,000 for the navy means
a tax of $6 on every family in the United
States. And yet, on the other hand, as
a -matter, of fact. If that sum is spent
there Is probably, ■ not * a family in the
United States ..'whose future Income could
be shown to bo $.6 less,. and there are a
good many families whose Income would
be $6 more, and still more families whose
income would be : many, times $6 less if it
were not spent.. It is also rather a. taking
thing to say that $100,000,000 could be bet
ter spent for education or 'charity. I And
yet, on the other hand,', $100,000,000 spent
in the employnient of ' labor is the very
best use to which it could be put.
Returns to the People.
"The great question of the day as to
wealth is its distribution. "While few
would say that the community should be
taxed for the sole purpose of distributing
the proceeds of taxation, yet it is some
comfort to know of a tax which,^when it
is laid on the community, all returns
again to it. If $100,000,000 should be appro
priated for the navy by the present Con
gress a small part I will .■ go f or ';' the pur
chase of raw material and something for
salaries, but the great bulk, of it for labor
in every part of the Union. : .
"Somehow it : just now., happens that
with larger revenues than we have ever
had before in time of peace,-, and there
fore with more direct and indirect taxa
tion, there is more prosperity . and more
money in the' pocket of the citizen than
ever before. Students may speculate over
the economic causes, but this' is the
'demnitlon total.'
.- "Undoubtedly. yUncle Sam ought to re
duce taxation' wherever he can. On- the
other hand, it is shrewd and wise in him
to run things so as to keep business good,
and if as a result his income is large he
confers much more benefit by. spending
it than he would by hiding ■ it. . Whenever
the interests of the country require he
should reduce his receipts, but as they
are now excessive, .the. great Question
seems to be how he shall get the proceeds
back among the people. 'But if this year,
having a surplus, he spends $100,000,000 for
the navy, let us remember that, while it
is spent under that name . it is .really
spent,; as I" said before, in the employ
ment of the people's labor and in the-pur
chase of the material they have : to. sell,
and the people get rather. more out of it
than the navy does, for they get it all
back attain. ' ..■■_-
"Nor is it true, as suggested in the cir
cular, that a great navy necessarily in
flames the fighting spirit and leads to
war. If . my recollection' serves me right,
while Great Britain has had troubles in
Egypt and Africa and elsewhere, she has
had no conflict on sea for many years,
and yet her navy' has been twice as large
as that of any other power. .The recent
increase in our navy did not induce the
war with Spain, which seems to have
been inevitable. On the other hand, it Is
more than- likely that if in the begin
ning of 189S we had even as large a navy
as we have how, certainly as large a one
as now proposed, there would have been
no war with Spain and that country would
have come to terms, as she was very near
; coming without battle. At that time, no w-
Pages 17 to 26
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NEW FIGHTING CRAFT AND
THE SPONSOR AT HER
LAUNCHING.
ever, it was the general impression among
foreign powers, and probably in Spain,
that her navy would blow us out of the
water. ■/'. • ':<
"In determining the question what shall
be the size of our navy there are a great
many things to be considered, some of
which I have referred to.
"For instance, our world relations have
expanded vastly in the last three years in
territorial extent, and vastly more in in
ternational extent It has not been an
expansion upon the continent, but upon
the ocean Itself and the Islands of the sea
in both hemispheres. Our commerce has
greatly increased in volume and area and
our American marine is likely to follow
suit. As on land, so on ocean, as you ex
tend your commerce so you must expand
your police force. If there is to be a navy
at all it should be commensurate with all
these extended relations and demands.
"We are the richest nation in the world,
with a larger Income than any other. If,
then, the size of our navy should corres
pond to our national and International
size, and we have the cash on hand, it
would seem the simolest good business
sense, the simplest good business care of
our own interests, to increase our navy,
and whether this shall cost $20,000,000 or
$75,000,000 or 5100,000.000, It is not an extrav
agance to cut our garment according; to
our cloth, especially as last year there
was no appropriation for such an in
crease. It is like the rich man grading
his expenditures to his income and thus
making it serve the general welfare aa
well as his own. It Is like having police
men enough instead of having a number
so limited that the rough are tempted to
riot." % . ■ . ■:
A toast to the President was drunk
standing. It was responded to by Secre
tary Hitchcock, who bore to the gather
ing the greetings of President Roosevelt
and his regrets at not being present.
Applause greeted Senator Francis M.
Cockrell as he arose to respond to the
toast, "Missouri." The Senator said Mis
souri's rank in the Union entitled tho
State to have a battleship named after
hex.18
DEPEW CLOSES
WEDDING SERIES
Nuptial Knot Is Tied for
a Second and Third
Tima
Guests of the Couple Crowd
the American Church
in Nice.
NICE, Dec. 28.— The marriage of Sena
tor Chauncey M. Depew to Miss May
Palmer was celebrated in the American
church here to-day, following thft cere
mony of the Catholic marriage Bervice In
Xotre Dame. The wedding: party first at
tended a low mass in Notre Dame, cele
brated by Father Crepaux, formerly an
officer In the French army.
Shortly before noon the party proceed
ed to the American church, which waa
crowded to excess and beautifully deco
rated. The Rev. Dr. Adamson officiated.
A guard of honor of ten bluejackets from
the United States cruiser Albany stood
at tjie entrance of the church. After the
ceremony the wedding 1 breakfast was
t-erved at the villa of the Countess de
Sers.
The wedding was quite unostentatious
end the service at the American church
was very simple. By special request the
vocal music consisted only of one con
tralto song. "Oh Fair, Oh Sweet and
Holy," rendered by Miss Tucker. There
were no bridesmaids.
Only those officially connected with the
wedding attended the ceremony In tne
Catholic church. The party then drove
to the American church, where the prin
cipal American and English residents had
assembled. Outside was an awning dec
orated with American and English flags.
Officers from the United States squadron
occupied the second and third pews. The
wedding march from "Lohengrin" was
plaved as the couple walked up the aisle.
They are almost the same height. The
bride, a tall, slender brunette, was at
tired In a simple gown of ivory satin,
trimmed with orange blossoms. Senator
Depew, who was radiantly happy, wore a
white flower at his button-hole. -
The bride and bridegroom gave the re
sponses in a low tone. The groom when
he placed the ring upon the bride's finger
affectionately retained her hand for a
few moments. The service lasted a quar
ter of an hour. This was afterward re
marked to Senator Depew, who punningly
referred to the "happy dispatch." The
bridal party left the church to the strains
of Mendelssohn's "Wedding March."
Among the Americans present in the
American church were the United States
Consul, Harold S. Van Buren, and Mrs.
Van Buren, Baroness de Robecourt and
Major Brevoort.
The halls and corridors of the villa of
the Countess de Sers, who is Senator
Depew's cousin, were gorgeously banked
with flowers. Among the guests at the
wedding breakfast were Senator Depew's
two nieces, the Baroness de Bresson and
Miss Hegeman; Miss Palmer, Mrs. Mc-
Clellan. widow of General George B. Mc-
Clellan; Viscomte and Viscomtesse de
Bresson, Consul Van Buren and Mrs. Van
Buren, the Rev. Dr. Adamson and Mrs.
Adamson, Captain Jose Craig of the Al
bany, commanding the American squad
ron at Villefranche; Commander Nathan
K. Xiles of the United States gunboat
Kashville; several other officers and the
witnesses of the marriage.
Senator and Mrs. Depew will sail for
New York on the St. Louis from Cher
bourg, January 4.
CAMPBELL-BAUNEBHIAII'S :
POSITION STRENGTHENED
Lord Bosebery Bejects Offer Looking
to the Hestoration of Lib-
eral Unity.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— It is asserted upon
apparently good authority that the Lib
eral reader. Sir Henry Campb«Il-Banner
man, has -written a letter to Lord Rose
bery in the hope of restoring unity among
the Liberals, but Lord Rosebery de
clines to join his fortunes to those of the
party in the present circumstances.
Should this statement prove to be correct
It be considered a. further proot of
the sincerity of Sir Henry's efforts for
party union and will give him a new
claim to the loyalty of the Liberals and.
thus strengthen his position as leader
and the effectiveness of the opposition.
Japan Using Wireless Telegn ihj.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 28.— The Jap
anese Minister at Seoul has notified the
Korean Government that Japan has be
gun the erection of wireless telegraphy
stations along the Korean coast.
# Th i pC f la^ saJc °f -^"B 8 . medicines and toilet articles begins\
§ Si dl " h g C °* today and cont inues until a week from %
mil cwwJ Drug Co. is open day and night and thev never tft
JIW run out of anything. Telephone orders delivered— call up South 3 5 6. \
£ . Fears and Churchill's ■ Soap CutJcura Soap - -'' : ' -^ '• '
S] <"« «"« each 25c TfUi..,,,^, „,„„„„« J x S
1 Kirk-, imi, «•„„ cou S h sra^is^srH «
K Balaam vffl our price ' ]
, U Theb«t medicine for « cou e h we Coke's Dandruff Cure 65c if 1
l« M,&T "A"*'"* ' eSUl " lT f " 5OC ' S ? IU e 7«7wbere for S,-™, rer Wj
V\ maivma Cream 25c /"" e u 85c I'll*.
%? A good cream for the face, 15c leti Lablachc PaCC PowdtF 25c I mil
\* '• H i T r? W f ° rlt ««ber«orei Mtd« to tell for joc-other. chiree <V
Wy nunter l(ye Whiskey <\ 4<*— our moai price joe fWU
WV Adit «i«i tii «« « $i., o v Duffy's Malt Whisky 1*.* /////■■
M KCCgan* Scotch Whiskey 95c Re^Ur price everywhere U }/ ;f
m v ■^n?«y5K??<? yon L y° R n ' s Tooth Powder mJJJI
\v\ '"* M«rR»i St.. 5 sn Franeltoo f/i/
V\u\ ftro»dw»y |> IOiK St.. O«hUnd Ufg
. llr^ flute 0Mi00^Hf
VENEZUELA AND GERMANY DRIFTING NEARER
TO WAR WHILE REVOLUTIONISTS MAKE GAINS
IN CAMPAIGN AGAINST CASTRO GOVERNMENT
Argentina May Yet
Go to War With
Chile.
Objects to Features
of the Peace
Protocol.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.-Of
ficial advices recefc-ed In
diplomatic quarters hero ln
dlcato that the Chile-Argen
tina controversy is again
opened. According to these advices
the peace protocol referring the whole
subject to arbitration was signed at
Santiago three days ago. But tho
action of the Argentina Minister In
placing his signature to the document
seems to have caused resentment at
Buenos Ayres, both among the prominent
officials and the people. Accordingly, on
yesterday, the Argentina Minister inform
ed the Chilean Foreign Office that he was
unable to concur in all the terms which
had been agreed upon heretofore and
signed. In particular he epecifled two
points on which the Argentina Govern
ment refused to subscribe; first, the with
drawal of police from the Ultima Esper
anza province, and second, the submission
to King Edward VII of England. The
formal refusal of Argentina to sign has
not yet been submitted, but the informal,
statement of the Minister to the" Chilean
Foreign Office is regarded as a serious in
terruption, if not a termination of the
proposed settlement.
The riotous demonstrations which oc
curred in the streets of Buenos Ayres last
night are thought to have resulted from
the signing of this protocol and to have
been expressive of possible disapproval of
the settlement with Chile. The popular
sentiment in Argentina is very warlike
and this leads to the belief in well posted
quarters that President Roca will not suc
ceed in any policy which contemplated an
adjustment with Chile.
The Chilean Charge d* Affaires, Senor
Infante, said to-day:
I note a published statement to the
effect that Argentina looked upon the recent
protocol as an evidence of her very pacific
tendencies, in that it yielded what she re
garded as her unquestionable rights in the
Ultima Esperanza district. As a result the
district has been in the undisputed possession
of Chile for some time. Our police were there,
and so when it came to a question of arrang
ing a status quo, pending a final settlement,
an understanding: was reached that the Juris
diction of Chile should be maintained in Ultima.
Esperanza territory. In these circumstances
it Is difficult to see how Argentina has yielded
any unquestionable right, for if there has been
any yielding In the Interests of continued peace
it has been through the considerateness of
Chile.
DESERTIONS FROM ARMY
ARE ON" THE INCREASE
Major General Otis Calls Attention
to the Hatter in His Annual
Report.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— The annual report
of Major General Elwell S. Otis, com
mander of the Department of the Lakes,
was made public here to-day. General
Otis calls attention to an increase in the
number of desertions and calls attention
to the need for additional room for con
fining military prisoners. There are at
present 1350 prisoners at the various posts,
the majority of them being charged with
desertion. During the year 20,329 persons
applied for enlistment and 5196, or 25.55
per cent, were accepted. For service in
the navy there were 1140 enlistments, com
pared with 975 last year.
Train Jumps Track and Kills Tramp.
ANADARKO, O. T., Dec. 28.— Rock Isl
and freight train No. 135 jumped the
track twelve miles south of Anadarko.
Frank Robinson, aged 26 years, a tramp
carpenter of Lincoln, Mo., was killed and
three tramps were injured more or less
seriously. The wreck caught fire and an
emigrant car and five freight cars were
consumed.
Another Victim of Illuminating Ga3.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— John J. Kelly,
former member of the New Jersey As
sembly from Bordentown, was found dead
in bed in Jersey City to-day. Death was
caused by inhaling illuminating- gas.
Kelly ■was in good spirits last night and
his friends do not believe he committed
suicide.. He was 58 years old.
■ ■ ' . - v •- ■ - ■ ■ '•■.■ - -■ * - ■ -■.'■' ■■■■■■: -■---.■..■-•-; .;.»■ -.-,-.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
Berlin Embassador
Goes Aboard a
Warship.
His Interview With
President Unsat
isfactory.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by tho Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PORT-OF-SPAIN, Trinidad, Dec.
28.— Passengers who have arrived
here from La Guayra say that
President Castro of "Venezuela
wished to send troops from Car
acas to Valencia to op'erate against tho
revolutionists, but that the German au
thorities refused to permit the use of the
line unless there was a guarantee against
damage from battle with insurgents. The
railroad officials appealed to the German
Minister to support them. Several notes
passed between the Minister and Presi
dent Castro, and then followed an Inter
view which was not satisfactory. It is
eaid that the railroad officials finally or
dered the dismounting of the locomotives,
while the. German Minister departed to
La Guayrk to go on board the German
cruiser False.
The railroad stations, It is reported, are
occupied by Venezuelan troops.
According to the latest advices the Ven
ezuelan revolutionists recently in Colom
bian territory have crossed the frontier
and are now In Guajlra peninsula and in
Tachlra. They are under the command
of Generals Pablo Penalosa and Rangel
Garblras. The latest 'news shows that
there are extensive uprisings against
President Castro in the States of Cara
bobo and Bermudez, It is reported that
Governor Sarria has revolted and has
established an autonomy in Guayana.
The Venezuelan gunboat Restaurador
arrived here yesterday. She reported that
the British steamship Ban Rlgh, which,
it is said, has on board a large quantity
of arms and ammunition for the revolu
tionists, was at Martinique when she left.
The Restaurador left this port last night
to continue scouting duty.
CASTBO'S STR-EBTGTH WANING.
Venezuela Revolutionists Are Gain
j ing Ground Daily.
"WTJSLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Dec.
28. — Advices reached here to-day from Ca
racas, Venezuela, say that the revolution
against President Castro is gaining
ground daily. Nearly the whole of the
republic is in revolt and bands of men
are ranging the country. Coro, in the
State of Falcon, and Barqulslmeta, In tho
State of Lara, particularly, are in tho
possession of the revolutionists.
Cable communication between Cumano,
Curapano and Barcelona is interrupted
and the Government Is without news
from the State of Bermudese (in which
these ports are located), which leads to
the belief that it also has been induced
to revolt by General Domingo Monagus.
General Luciano Mendozo, the Presi
dent-elect of the State of Carabobo, who
rebelled against President Castro, march
ed on La Victoria and was reported to
have been defeated, has escaped from the
pursuit of the Government troops and is
now in the province of San Juan de Los
moros. Antonio Fernandez and thirty
chiefs of the State of Carabobo were not
willing to engage the Government forces
before the revolution was quite ripe.
Venezuela is said to be on the verge of
even more serious complications. The
telegraph lines in the interior of the coun
try have all been cut.
The arrival in Venezuela of Senor Ma
tos, the reputed head of the revolutionary
movement, with the steamer Ban Righ,
loaded with munitions of war, is awaited
daily. A decisive conflict will soon take
place.
The Marietta at San Juan*
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The gunboat
Marietta, which arrived at San Juan, P.
R., yesterday, will Join the North Atlan
tic squadron at ■ Culebra Island. ■ The
Machias has been until recently the gun
boat.-with the squadron, but has now
come north, and the Marietta will take
her place during the evolutions in "West
Indian waters.
FOG AND AN OPEN SWITCH
CAUSE A SERIOUS WBECX
Engineer and Fireman of Train Are
Killed and Several Passen
gers Injured.
NASHUA, N. H.. Dec. 28.— A dense rog
and a misplaced switch In the north yard
of the Boston and Maine Railroad in this
city to-day caused the wrecking of the
Cannon Ball Express bound from Mon
treal for Boston. Two men were killed
and about a half dozen persons Injured.
The dead:
EDWARD QUIMBT, Concord; engineer.
J. E. MARSHALL, Concord; fireman.
The injured: Frank Crowson, Boston,
conductor of an extra freight, bad scalp
wound; Robert Morrow, Concord, news
boy, injuries to right leg.
Several of -the passengers on the Can
non Ball were bruis'ed, but it was not
necessary to send any of them to a hos
pital. The wreckage caught flre, but the
blaze was extinguished without further
damage. \
The express collided with an extra
freight, running from Concord to Boston.
Tho engine of the passenger train struck
the end of the freight, as the latter had
hauled on to a siding to permit of the
passing of the express.
SCHLEY ANT> COUNSEL
HOLD A CO1TFEBENCE
It' Further Steps Be Taken They Will
Seal With Legal Phases of the
Controversy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.-Admlral
Schley was joined at his apartments In
the Richmond to-day by his counsel, Isa
dor. Raynor and Assistant Counsel
Teague, both of whom came over from
Baltimore at the admiral's request In
order to consider what further steps, if
any, were to be taken In the Schley case.
The conference closed at 2 o'clock and
Raynor returned to Baltimore. No state
ment was made as to the results, except
that such further steps as might be taken
would deal with legal rather than naval
phases of the controversy.
Admiral and Mrs. Schley will leave in
about a week for a trip south, to be gone
about two weeks. He has not yet made
up his Itinerary, but will do so next week.
Attempt to Wreck an Electric Car.
BOWLING GREEN, Ohio, Dec. 28.— An
attempt to wreck a car on the Toledo,
Bowling Green and Southern Electric
Railway was made near here early to
day. The car, with twenty passengers,
ran into a pile of boards placed on the
track where Jt runs along a deep gully.
By good fortune the car did not leavs
the track and a calamity was thus avert
ed. A Denuty Sheriff ' and posse arrested
two men suspected of the crime. This is
the second attempt of the kind.
TRENTON N. J., Dec. 2S. — The American
Mechanical Cashier Company, capital $5,000,
000, to manufacture cash registers of all kinds,
was incorporated here to-day.
"Give No Quarter"
the Battle Cry
at Honda.
Rout of Colombian
Insurgents Is^
Complete.
COLON, Dec. 28.— Barranqullla pa
pers dated December 24, which
came to hand this morning, con
tain further details of the battle
near Honda. They say that Gen
eral Leovlglldo Rodriguez commanded
Honda's small garrison. General Marln's
large force of Insurgents attacked the
place early on the morning of December
9. At 8 a. m. General Londono brought
"up 200 Government reinforcements from
La Ciguente, across the Magdalena River,
facing Honda. By 11:30 o'clock the com
bined forces drove the enemy away from
Honda.
The Insurgents, on arriving at Caraoll,
near Marlqulta, in the evening, awaited
the Government troops In two wings. It
was there that bayonets and machetes
were freely used, for the insurgents' am
munition was exhausted. The vanguard
having been surrounded, with the aid of
the rear guard, the Government troops
succeeded in breaking the line and then
utterly routed the enemy.
On the following morning, when 400
were found to have been killed, the in
surgents retreated by way of Guayaquil,
taking their wounded with them. -
The fighting In this engagement has
been characterized as uncivilized. The
Liberal colors bore the device, "I Neither
Ask for nor Give Quarter." i
The following dispatch has been re
ceived from Panama: "General Alban
says that he has conclusive proof that
the President of Salvador has been as
sisting the revolutionists. Fifteen hun
dred of the latter from Tumaco, ' under
Benjamin Herrera, landed on the penin
sula of Tonosi, near Santiago de Veragua.
(a town of Colombia, 125 miles southwest
of Pftnama, near the coast). The small
garrison of that place fought \for five
hours, but when the rebels landed at sev
eral points it could not resist the attack.
."The Government has concentrated all
its forces under General Castro and is
sending more troops to his aid. A battle
is expected to take place shortly; but, as
reinforcements are coming from Barran
quilla, General Alban has no -fear of the
ultimate success of the army in defend
ing the republic.
"General Alban confirms the reports
from Bogota that fighting has taken place
during the week at Fusagasuga and Cu
macua; that many men were killed, and
that the Government troops were victo
rious." -■ • i
TWENTY-TWO LIVES REPORTED LOST
Continued From Page Seventeen.
be seen floating in the waters of the gulf.
It Is likely ■ that several will elapse
before it will be possible to form an esti
mate of the total damage at up coast
lumber camps.
Since yesterday word has come from
Victoria that the vessel ashore on Trial
Island la certainly the ship Santa Clara,
and not the bark Bankburn, as at first re
ported. On the other hand, the Bankburn
has disappeared completely, and not a
word has been received by Captain Wylie,
her master, as to her •whereabouts. Cap
tain Wylio is In Victoria.
A report reached- Victoria Thursday
that the Bankburn had found an anchor
age close to San Juan Island, but when
a tug had been dispatched to investigate
it was found that there was no vessel in
the vicinity of San Juan Island, and it i3
considered unlikely that the Bankburn
ever brought up there. Captain Wylle
is placed in the most peculiar position of
having lost his vessel while he was
ashore, and she disappeared at a time
when he thought she lay safely at anchor
in the Royal Roads. It Is thought in Vic
toria that the Bankburn may have been
navigated down to the Sound, but reports
from there Indicate that she is not to be
found in that direction.
There is no change in the condition of
the wreck of the" Minnie E. Caine. She
piled up on Smiths Island, immediately
opposite the end of the Straits of Juan de
Fuca, early in the storm, at about the
time the steamer Mainlander nearly,
foundered in the trough of the sea. The'
crew of the Caine, which is a new four
masted schooner, had no trouble in climb
ing off the ship on the rocks, and catch-
Ing hold of trees they pulled themselves
up the bank. The ship herself will be a
total wreck.
The Santa Clara, which went on Trial
Island, near Victoria, Is no nearer being
floated than when the first attempt was
made Thursday night. Several large holes
were knocked in her bow.
Reports from cannery headquarters and
other Bources to-day, tend rather to in
crease the amount of the loss by the
etorm than to diminish it.
•TROUBLE OVER- SECOND
' CLASS MAIL PUBLICATIONS
Senate Committee to Make Investiga-
tion Into Alleged Abuse of
' Postal Privileges.
WASHINGTON,. Dec. 28. — Senator
Mason, as chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Postomccs, to-day called upon
Postmaster General Smith and presented
a' request that no further action be taken
by. the Postofilce Department in the mat
ter of dropping publications which are
now classified as second class mall pub
lications pending the investigation pro
posed by Senator Mason's committee. The
Senator stated that It is his intention to
begin the proposed Investigation imme
diately, on the reconvening of Congress
and said that he has received several
hundred protests against the department's
plan -of action. No definite understanding
was reached with the Postmaster General.
Appointed to a Responsible Place.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 2S.— Official notice
has. been received in this city of the ap
pointment of John Gillie as superintend
ent of all the mines of the Amalgamated
Copper Company. The position is a new
one.
Catarrh
Is a constitutional disease.
It originates in a scrofulous condition o!
this blood and depends on that condition.
It -often causc3 headache and' dizziness,
impairs the taste, smell and hearing,- af-
fects the vocal organs, disturbs the stomach.
It Is always radically and permanently
cured by "the blood-purifying, alterative
and tonic action of :
Hood's Sarsapanlla
This great medicine ha3 wrought the most
wonderful cares of all diseases depending
on Bcrofulo or the Bcrcfulous habit.
ilooo'6 Fills are th&bcet cathartic
FRENCH MARINERS
HAVE GRIEVANCE
Allege Unfair Treatment
' in Ports on This
Coast.
Claim That Local Officials
Wink- at "Shanghaing"
Operations.
Special cable-to The Call and New York -Her*
' nld. Copyright. 1901. by lie Herald Pub
ltshlns Company.
PARIS, Dec. 28.— A ' cry of alarm is
sounded in the FrenchTpresa regarding the
treatment • received. ' by French merchant
ships in Pacific ports of the United
States.
It is claimed that local -Institutions
have, in defiance of the Franco-American
treaty of 1858, interfered between captains
and crews, ignoring: the authority of the
French Consul, which is alone valid, and
thereby provoking wholesale desertions.
M. Schwob, editor of the Petit Pftate, a
shipping organ published in Nantes," says
he has received a document wh^ph Ieave3
no doubt on the subject. Eight captains
of French vessels of heavy tonnage sent
a complaint a month ago to the French
Consul General In San Francisco and a
similar communication was sent to the
editor of-Phare by French eaptains- at
Portland and Astoria.
These documents claim that the regu
lar trade has been disorganized by a local
sailors' home for holding French seamen
for ransom, and that the authorities re
fuse to put a stop to these proceedings,
hence cases of desertion are becoming
more numerous.
Sixteen French ships on the Columbia
River at the time of writing were, in con
sequence, far short of their strength. It
is further pointed out that the French
naval reserves are also being depleted by
desertion of these seainen.
No change in the situation has been
brought about by the protests sent to the
French Consul General in San Francisco.
One of tl)e captains was arrested on com
plaint of a deserter and, had to find bail
to the amount of $7500. In another case a
vessel belonging in Nantes was seized and
kept under arrest three days on complaint
of an imprisoned seaman.
The Phare declares that in view of the
Inertia or helplessness of the French dip
lomatic representatives on the spot it Is
proposed by a group of ship-owners to
request the Ministry of Marine to send a
warship out to the "Western coast of the
United States for the protection of French
mercantile interests.
"PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 28.— C. Henri
Labbe, the French consular agent, when
seen regarding the reported denunciation
by the French captains in port, to-day
said:
"I feel that I have tised my utmost en :
deavors to protect the interests of my
countrymen. I did not know the captains
had written to the Consul General in San
Francisco denouncing me. I cannot say
anything further for publication until I
have investigated the matter."
The French Consul General, Henry
Dallemagne, last night emphatically de
nied that he had received any complaint
against C. Henri Labbe, the French con
sular agent in Portland. He said that no
French captains had sent a communica
tion to him denouncing Labbe's conduct.
The Consul General expressed the great
est faith In Labbe, and declared that had
he himself been there he could not have
done better under the circumstances. The
Consul General said that the consular
agent in' Portland had done the best, con
sidering the conditions that he was called
upon to meet.
The Consul General admitted that the
conditions surrounding navigation on the
Pacific Coast were not altogether satis
factory, but refused to enter into further
discussion for publication.
WILL TRY TO SECURE
RELEASE OP MISS STONTZ-
Two American Representatives Leave
Salonica to Meet Her Brigand
Captors.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 28.— "W. "W.
Peet, treasurer of the Missionary Society
In Constantinople, and M. Garglulo, drag
oman of the United States legation, who
left here December 17 to meet the bri
gands who hold Miss Stone captive, have
started from Salonica for the interior. No
news of their movements is to ba ex
pected for some days. The Government,
on representations made by the legation,
has sent instructions to the provincial au
thorities to render the United States ne
gotiators for the release of Miss Stone
every assistance in their power.
Spencer Eddy, United States Charge
d'Affalres, attended a selamlik Thursday.-
He was cordially received by the Sultan.-
CHICAGO POLICE ABBEST
A NOTORIOUS SWINDLER
Complaints From All Farts of the
United States Are Being Lodged
Against Him. -
CHICAGO. Dec. 28.-Dr. J. B. Thomas,
alias J. J. Dudley, wrfo was arrested in
Philadelphia Christmas day, was to-day
identified through photographs as tho
man who Is alleged to have swindled a
Rldgeville (Ind.) business man out of $3000
in 1886. The Identification was made by.
Superintendent Schumacher of a detective
agency. Schumacher said to-day that
Dudley, or Thomas, had beep using bogus
deeds for his swindling operations for six
teen years. Scores of complaints from all
parts of the country have been lodged
against the man and circulars describing
him have flooded the country, but It was
not until last month that trace of him
was found in Davenport, Iowa.
Will Be Buried With. Military Honors
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The body of
Lieutenant Colonel W.-B. Richards, Sev
enth Infantry, who died " at Vancouver
Barracks about two weeks ago, will ar
rive here Monday at 10:30 a. m. and will
bo removed to a vault at the Arlington
National Cemetery, where the interment
will be made with becoming military cere
monies Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
9* CELEBRATED "V
fete* STOM AC H _. /»
On the first indication that your stom-
ach is out of order, you should try the
Bitters. It will strengthen your digestive
organs and cure
Sick Headachei Flatulency, Indi-
gestion and Dyspepsj a. .'-
Obtain a copy* of Hostetter's Almanao
from your druggist, free.
\ , : f
BSE AH ENDORSE PE-SO-NA.
/^JR C3. CHAMBERLIN, M.]X jijf /
C. B. Chamberlin, M. D.. -writes from 14th and P streets. 'Washington, I>. C:
"Many cases have come under my observation where Peruna has )
benefited and cured. Therefore, I cheerfully recommend it for catarrh )
and a general ioni^/'—C. B. CHAMBERLIN, M. D. < >
Medical Examiner TJ. S. Treasury, throat, lungs and bronchial tubes, la fact,
Dr. Llewellyn Jordan, Medical Examiner no .° iatter w , here *****- .
o f xj S Treas- Few people realize that most sicknesses
o .^ o .». o .^ o -^ o .. o - # .o-» ury Department, start from colds which, develop Into difr.
♦ t graduate of Co- ferent affections and finally become
i ii§i£#2fc>v i lumbia College chronic, settling often on the lun?3 and
♦ /^^^pf| o and who served frequently causing: serious trouble in the
♦ tw wssa ♦ three years at pelvic organs, while In women it develops
0 w "Sa^ ;8p\ ° "West Point, has lnto diseases peculiar to the- sex.
♦ 1/ -1 IW n the following to "From my experience- with Peruna. I
4 «^SL^<ffiy * say of Peruna: have found it very efficacious to euro
o y^f^W^'' o "\llow me to these diseases and I recomend It"
♦ WIWSn ♦ express my gratl- . L. 3. SilTTH. IT, D.
a S^^Ov*? vtAjt^ 1 tut3e to you for I)r * Mar y SmltD » "W"infleld, Ind.. writes:
o Jai%im\>^i$£ o the benefit de- "A weak and sick woman must not ex-
♦ -*#^\NWfi^> ♦ rIved from y° ur pect t0 bear wel1 chndren - For over thlr-
o HlSftN^^^^j*^-' o wonderful rem-' ty-one years my efforts hav« been spent
♦ ♦ cdy. One short among sick women especially, and among
o Dr. I* Jordan. o mon thhas all the remedies I have used non« excel
♦o^o-^o^o^o-^o-^c brou&ht forth a peruna and I believe that it is tho best
vast change and I now consider myself a and safest medicine to give a woman suf-
well man after months of suffering. Fel- fering f rom ovarian trouble Inflammation
low sufferers, Peruna will cure you.' and profuse menstruation.
DR. LLEWELLYN JORDAN. "I would not be doing ray duty as a
George C. Havener, M. D.. of Anacostia, Physician did I not advise Its use. I know
DC writes* by ■ experience that Peruna cures sick
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O.: ™> men *** l theref £ r *'*^^£ r^ L "
Gentlemen— "In my practice I hav© had DB-MAai SMITH,
occasion to frequently prescribe your If you do not recerv© prompt and satis-
valuable medicine and have found ita use factory results from tho use oX Penu A
beneficial, especially in cases of catarrh." write at once to Dr. Hartntan. civing al
GEORGE C. HAVENER, M. D. full statement of your case, and ho will
Dr. L. S. Smith of Williston, Fla., be pleased to give you his valuable advica
writes: gratis.
"I have found Peruna a most valuable Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tlie
remedy for chronic catarrh of the head, Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, (X
FORTY MILLIONS
FOR THE CANAL
Approximate Price Pan
ama Company Will
Ask fojj Property.
PARIS, Dec. 28.— JJ. Lampre, secretary
general of the Panama Canal Company,
tailed for New York to-day on the French
line steamer L'Aquitaine from Havre. He
will confer on his arrival in the United
States with a number of the Panama
Company's American representatives and
overtures for thessale of the canal prop
erty to the United States will then be
renewed.
In view of the doubt existing In the
United States regarding the price the
Panama Canal Company's representatives
intend to ask for the property, your cor
respondent made inquiries from the best
source of information on that subject and
Is enabled to say that the price will be
approximately $40,000,000.
This figure cannot yet be given as the
exact one, because the company has not
yet come to a definite decision, but It
will not be appreciably higher. The Isth
mian Commission's full report la now in
possession of the Panama Company and
its valuations will be studied in detail.
The report of the directors of the Panama
Company, cabled December 21, said:
"We offer to accept as the basis and
principal of departure of fresh negotia
tions the figures and declarations main
tained in the Isthmian Commission defini
tive report."
The estimates come to by such eminent
men are not thought to be open to ques
tion, though possibly a few items are sus
ceptible to reconsideration and a few
matters may remain to be decided, such
as a valuation of the company's stock of
supplies; but none of these is calculated
to modify the gross figure to any extent.
The company does not intend to give the
slightest ground for any further misun
derstanding and believes the definitive
price put forward will now be acceptable.
With M. Lampre in America it will not
be necessary for the mandatory who 13
empov/ered to submit the definitive prico
to depart from France until later, when
the negotiations are under way.
DEMANDS ADDITIONAL SUM
TO THAT AWABDED BY JUBY
Jemes Doyle Is Not Satisfied With'
•; f.Sv Verdict for Nearly Half a
Million Dollars.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa. Dec. 28.— In
the District Court to-day the attorneys
for Jame3 Doyle filed a mation for Judg
ment in the suit of Doyle against James
F. Burns for. $438,743 in , a — ..ion to the
$443,922 allowed by the jury In its verdict.
The demand for the additional sum is
made on the ground that the jury in It3
answers to special interrogatories found
that a mining partnership agreement or
contract existed between Doyle and Burns
and that this finding had been the right
of Doyle to a share in the Portland Com
pany stock issued for the Devils Own
claim, as well as for the Bobtail No. 2
and Tidal Wave claims, in spite of the
jury's refusal to inclu6e tne Devils Own
in Its verdict.
The additional amount demanded by
Doyle added to the amount allowed by
the jury would aggregate $885,671 63.
Supposed Assassin Captured.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 23.— A man
suspected of being the assassin of S. C.
Montgomery, a Santa Fe detective, who
was killed at Winfield, Kans., last sum-
mer, Is under arrest In Del Rio, Tex. He
Is O. W. Coffelt, who some time ago for
feited a bond of J5000 in Pawnee County,
where he is awaiting trial on a charge of
felonious assault. The Sheriff, of Pawnee
County left for Texas to-day with a req
uisition for Coffelt.
1 B.KATSGHINSKi 1
( PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1 '
U 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO. J
y — o
I New Year j
Greeting. J
I LADIES' FELT JULIETS, Fur I
j Trimmed and Warm Lined; colors P
j Red and Black; sizes, 3 to 8. A I
3 Comfortable House Shoe »or Cold
■ Weather ss c |
I Crochet Slippers j
I FOR BED AND BATHROOM. \
I I MOSTLY ALL COLORS. i
1 Child's Sizes. 2 to 9 4(-^"i
I Misses' Sizes, 13 to 2 .+~&b-S I
W Ladies' Sizes. 3 to 8 tJOe |
1 NOTICE-^OUR GLORIA SHOES I
1 FOR LADIES, for Street and I
h Dress Wear, are the Height of I
cl Perfection In the Art of Shoemak- M
» ing; made in All Leathers and on 0
pj the Latest Shape Lasts and car* F
ra ried in All Sizes *\ f\ *■ A I J
H and "Widths. THE IP *J til II
1 ™^ :::::::::::::::: ddiOU §
r| Country Order* Solicited. [ l
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. [
; IO THIRD STREET. *
San Franclsc o.
World Famous Mariani Toiic
Most effective, agreeable and
reliable Tonic Stimulant when
fatigued or overworked.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.LESS THAN HALF PRICE.
WITHOUT parallel in the history of educational enterprise stands the offer of
The American Newspaper Association to the thousands of friends and
readers of TtfE CALL. Such an offer should and doubtless will have your careful
consideration. The merits of this liberal and mammoth literary enterprise can. only
be judged by careful inve tigation. Every reader of THE CALL, therefore, is earn-
estly solicited to give the attention to this offer that its importance and liberality de-
serve. It means that the best^and heretofore most expensive Encyclopedia is now
within easy reach of even the boys and girls. Parents, encourage your children in
habits of economy for the noblest of all purposes, economy for the sake of education.
Just think of it— a saving of 10 CENTS A DAY will secure to you trie
great ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANMCA, which covers ever£ department of irfFr <Jj>
knowledge known to mankind. No man needs any other library,
nc man can have a better one.
Not only are Scientific and Historical subjects brought jS^^3jAMh
up to date in this new edition, but a vast fund of new j0j^^^m^^)f
information is added relating to the material, social, JS^^^^^f^p^Jf
industrial and educational progress of the world,
together with many thousand New Biographies [ c^^^^^^AVi\Kt / r/f §J |
not in the Original Edition. I
Those who act promptly can secure 'jtpAJif Jg^
this great work at * C^^^~~~ j j$. i i mwwJr
_ _. '< % WXfo I f Brings You
Less Than ,.. JbggiL. JZ7i^ilf ThisEntiresi
_ _ __^ _ fe^^-^^, )M WJYJ&if' Vol. Set of
Half Price, <gjjjjp3^^||f The New
and on easy monthly M.f/^t'ly 20th Century
payments amounting ~ /Jf# W '"/p7f Edition.
to only rrg^ff mJP/vaa '
F==^Bs~==jgg%~~-=: /Vgr yyMf/A *,*£#(§ Vou can pay the balance at
TFN fFNTS Jmmmsmmsg- the rate of only
ADAY - L^ZT wW^m l0^ a h ?., ay
y^^^^^^Zl"^^- X ~J/ Wf?w $ffiY$jw/ i j, 7 31 Volumes in All.
y^llj^lg^^gg^EE^ J iy^f' F&ftf'M/fi W? 25 V°' umes Edinburgh Edition.
y^L^i *$$$ %^y^ mMw bIP Volumes American Additions.
■jj^.; -,-t^^d^r^\^^^^MJj Wf. W/W/f ' l Volume Guide to Systematic
*V^ y >^"~ r* « T,^^l]$5lllp8lW /e il K k'W W M th ' S f 0U " lfi - 509 articles, averaging 1% pages each.
t V^irf^rrr VS I snSSSSSS?' "^^l&JV r/IS'^Mil j /■'% 0 On tO-day S.399 articles written and signed by epe-
, fJJwy^XjS %J K (J5v1\<v>vaS *£« .1 JtZr 6-'J/f iS'Jf * Ri\ /- f Jw f«- „<-. ♦• clallsts, or 142 per volume.
£3v"w*^S g?%"";;;y>I| ■■LUST; // Mr&U *WW parUCU- 16,255 pages compiled by special contrlbu-
Sr^SSsS AfflS^iYg S^'^;^*\*f '-^'f k ''' /y 3a eiWffif lars about our tore, forming four-flfths or the entire
■ V«1««»cP^^I« : W ; 'i^ri^r iff IW great Olfer. SS8 ?u°ll-ragre enin-aved plates, contaln-
;-■> m.-fty t < T OlanieS SSSiS&^J^f MWJM W fl' .' «ns over 900 separate illustrations.
rf^vS'-.yf-yg ££fi2i3w»S»' W tit f\ O ma P 8 an< i plans, including 237 col-
fcftr"> v -'"i»y;ff W^irrht PJ^jT-w-fV*; \.«i%!ii /art fl f/k r TUP 1HTPDTP 111 ored maps.
Ei^?s%g5 ?»eiglll >^S?a^i3 *$■ WSMVl m /JM / illC» AMLKIU AW Nearly 12.000 Illustrations, exclusive of
1§§il Over : S||Wsf / NEWSPAPER -*• ""j*!^.
i&jjSS "(it\ lUc fi^*4^S W\ ft \W/ / ARRfinUTMN Special Features of the Five Volumes
gill ZOO lbS.||||| I fl/JW / Ad&jns £X™ ' American Additions.
{g^.Wi^tS'i ■■*' P <^r flit / or>R TTonT-n-tr <5+ *• An extension of the original articles
■ : I^B^i^v^S^^wl^SEMs W%] J/M / Kearny St., on the BC i e ncea down to the pres-
W^f^^^^^^^^^^^-M /fM / San Francisco, Cal. ent day.
§ S Bl<1 //fly / 2 - Introduction of new topics either arls-
■ a'Wml^ •• 1 ■3'l*i?&fa(lWffift i&iwffffl/ / -r.1 ± t t ing from the differentiation of new depart-
: iMidhA &f$£&^\*' '&^H*&MSi&W i ' W> \£c*yfW / Please sena^me free Of ments of sciences (aa Ecology, Sense-Or-
SNBEfiarkx'sX ;j, »,-4,-;l j ' - V i\!UgjfiSKi» as. XSZ/y// / r u ar^. camnle nacres and gana, etc.). or from discovery and lnven-
gglgggf^ «w- ; -^■'-■^-^gjfey^'M^^SJj 5gg»y / , 5: nar § e . sa"ipie panes anu Uon xesla-s Oscillator, Argon, Roent-
yrrr.^TiiwsTTTw.n.. «*. ; . « .Tii "'iiiyaBases^B^ / f u ]l particulars of your En- ge n Rays. etc.).
_ -jr rvclooedia OflFer 8 - Biographical enlargement to Include
ttti j. T o «j o t, O— — O ' F . eminent living persons and the hundreds
What Is Said of It. pT **,^r^^™^*^ £
"I will defr any one to buy 3000 NAME - terests phases.^ MbjMu
volumes that will give him as qaod ' In a lorm comprehensible to ordinary rearl-
.. ru ammj . * • i_ j STREET era . as ln the treatment of Electricity,
a working library as is furnished 6ittr " D Morphology, eta
in the E\CYCLOP^D!A BRIRN\:C\ TO wn' • number? 1 ™ 3 1Uu8tratlons - over 150 ° ln
a!one." — Ex-President Dwight, Yals - -,. ~ .
University. • COUNTY • Guide to Systematic Readings
subdivides the whole work Into depart-
,, ments in accordance with the different oc-
-If all other books were de- STATE £•£ 1
worTw'nl 8 In^'^nTKf Hi C ALL BUREAU * foVn^ab^t
world would lose but fitlle Of Its Furthermore, it makes systematic reading
informal O.n." — Spurgcon. Q O along any line practical. ,
MURDERERS END
SOLDIER'S LIFE
Oregon Victim Formerly
in Military Service
Here.
BT. HELEN, Or.. Dec 28.— The body
which was found near here yesterday
was to-day Identified as that of Joseph
Schulkowskl, a soldier discharged from
the United States army at the Presidio
last August. Schulkowskl arrived here
soon after his discharge from the army
and bought a piece of land.
The autopsy revealed the fact that he
was shot through the body. The Coroner
found on the trail where the man had
been dragged a certificate of deposit on
the First National Bank of Portland for
$275.
The man's body was badly bruised Its
entire length on the right side and the
theory Is advanced tnat the murder oc
curred elsewhere than ln the vicinity
cf where the body had been deposited, and
had been carried there on horseback. On
the lneide of the leggings Schulkowskl
had worn were written his name and the
words. "Angel Island. Fort McDowell."
W/J |!|i| j|/// We haye marked everything in 11
| 1 H lit 1 III II the house down before taking W
■5f B v 1 1 1 1 |flf Jl stock, in order to make room for H
wr / r /*' T ' : /'■'JRfii'vtfV new goods. We decided to begin Ii
C smashing prices by offering these II
ft fO ' 1(1 two rockers at prices quoted Just II
jj frj * T nj to see M people would snatch at II
j ' \i,} ■ ■ ■ .(V This first rocker is made of ■
if \Uy VV SOLID OAK body, with short I
II )¥ "fl.lOO %J brace arm and cane seat, and is 1
11 *s &\*mL as comfortable and durable as H-
h one could wish for. I
Ii The mark-down price is only II
I $1.00 y^fe^j y
f| The second chair la a Cobbler Seat y*vv'^' ' ~''w?$ii( m
jl Rocker, end is finished either In lla- \ V n'n'r^Hr /S -v U
l| hopany or Golden Oak; is a delight- iliu Ii U a L M
N fully comfortable and decorative ill ill S fl
fl piece of furniture, and Is a sacrifice JS fi jl flflj/e II
ii at our mark-down price, fJjA 1 1 1 1 n njry II
jl "We would b« pleased to open a fi&J *■ ■ \3z >?-\ ■
ff credit account with you. If you wish hjTg~— m*. 1 >■ ' ' £Vtf-> fl
|| a bill of furniture, carpets or house- &&"— Irft I
Jl • He sure of our name and address, px/ff^ rt^ll it
I <ft."Vi. &n\Yfc C«T. FZ&WA
R 128-132 E llis St. fefenv,. '"- £|
The authorities are strongly of the
opinion that they are on the track of the
murderers.
CARDINAL MEN PRACTICE.
Reaving Nothing Undone That Will
Place Them in Condition.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 28.— Stanford "Uni
versity Alumni and students who live
here are rallying enthusiastically to the
support of the cardinal for its meeting
with Michigan football eleven on New
Year's day. They have planned to sit in
a body and wear and wave as much color
as Is usually seen at the annual Califor
nia-Stanford game. Team practice of the
Stanford eleven shows marked improve
ment each day. The members are being
held down to regular football diet and the
men are compelled to keep regular hours.
Partisans of the cardinal are figuring
out that if Traeger plays there will be a
fair prospect of his kicking a field goal.
He did this ln the game with Berkeley In
1900. Roosevelt yesterday kicked five goals
out of six trials from the 25-yard line.
ThU3 are Stanford's friends building
hopes that the cardinal will score against
Michigan.
The sale of seats already reaches $2200.
Sportsman's Park, Pasadena, Is being
placed ln the best of condition for the
fray. Both elevens - are practicing with
determination, and it is predicted the
game will be worth going a long way to
see.
TRENTON', N. J.. Dec. ».— The Chicago
Pneumatic Tool Company, capital $7,500,000,
to-day filed . articles of incorporation. Tho
company is to manufacture all kinds of tools. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
BOY PBEVEKTS
MAN'S SUICIDE
Policemen Are Notified
Just in Time to
Save Life. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 28.— Buying a
pistol to commit suicide and immediately
afterward being arrested on a charge of
carrying a concealed weapon is what be
fell F. w. Peters to-night.
Peters is a recent arrival in Los Ange
les, where he has not met with the good
luck he anticipated. Belng^nearly out of
cash and suffering from the blues he pro
posed putting- a bullet into his brain.
Peters had Just enough, money left to pur
chase a cheap revolver. He could not
afford a good one, but argued that an
imitation affair sends a bullet as deep
as the other.
The despondent man, who Is well
dressed and appears intelligent, muttered
to himself on North Main street that he
was tired of life and of this country and
that It was time to die. A boy overheard
Peters' moody reflections and watched
him to Bee him die. Peters entered a
gun store on North Main street, but the
stock of firearms was of too expensive a
kind and he departed without a revolver.
The next place he entered could supply
his wants.
Peters left with a pistol fully loaded,
still breathing dark threats against him
self and with the boy shadowing him ln
anticipation of a gory sight. Theywalked
on to First street, where two policemen
were passing the time o' day. It struck
the boy that there was more fun ln seeing
the would-be suicide lugged off in the
patrol wagon at once than to follow him
all night to see him shoot himself.
The boy told the policemen what he
knew. They interviewed Peters and he
candidly stated that having met with
money losses life had become unbearable
and he was so heartily tiredof the United
States that he proposed with the officers'
permission to make a Journey to the other
world. The policemen clapped their strong
arms around Peters, rang in for the
wagon and sent him a prisoner to the City
Jail. After paying for the pistol Peters'
assets consisted of only 20 cents.
l>erelict in th.e Columbia,
ASTORIA, Or... Dec 28.-The British
ship Castor, which- arrived yesterday, re
ports having sighted a derelict schooner
off the Columbia River. The vessel is
bottom up and a menace to navigation
Shfl| appears to be of about 100 tons bur
derff but it was . impossible to learn her
name. Doubtless she was lost during the
recent storm. . \ • ">* '
HAVANA. Dec. 28.— Captain Luclen Toung
and Mrs. Young- sailed for the United States
to->day. They held a farewell reception at which
8000 persons were present, including prominent
Cuban and Spanish families.
CHILD TRIES
TO END LIFE
Fifteen -Year - Old Girl
Drinks Poison in
. Seattle.
Love for a Young Man Who
Danced With Her the
Cause.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SEATTLE, ! Dec. 28.— Daisy liof ton, a
15-year-old girl, swallowed the contents
of a one-ounce vial of carbolic acid at
midnight . last ,nlght with suicidal Intent
while makin&a pretext for using the tel
ephone in the^rear of a drug store. A
physician, after working over the child
for more than an hour, expressed the
belief that she would recover.
Miss Lofton appeared in the store at
five minutes before midnight and request
ed a clerk to sell her a small bottle of
carbolic acid. The request was denied,
but while the clerk's attention was dis
tracted she renewed her request to the
proprietor, who, unconscious of her de
signs, sold her the drug. No sooner had
she procured It than she requested per
mission to use the telephone.
Walking, to the rear of the store, the
girl took the receiver ln one hand and
dashed the contents of the bottle down
her throat with the other. With a scream
of agony she fell to the floor, and Dr.
Lowe, whose offices are over the drug
store, was Immediately summoned to at
tend her.
.. "I did it because I liked Ned so well,"
were the first words the girl . uttered
when she revived.
Ned Moore, upon whom Daisy Lofton's
childish attachment appeared to be cen
tered, is an employe of the Pacific Coast
Company and was almost crazed at the
nearly fatal termination of an attach
ment, of the existence of which he said he
had .not the slightest intimation. 'Moore's
acquaintance with the girl has, he says,
been confined to her company at two or
three dances, and t aside from showing her
the courtesies incident to such meetings
he had thought but little of her.
Moore, who is 25 years of age, is a
member of a highly respected family In
this city. No reason for taking the poison
1b offered except that Moore did not seem
to return the regard which the girl had
formed for him.
SIX COAL MINERS FALL
TO DEATH IN A SHAFT
Cage Jumps Its Guidings Wnile As
cending and the Occupants Are
Thrown Out.
HARTSHORN, I. T.. Dec. 28.— The cage
at shaft No. 1 of the McAlester Coal Com
pany, while ascending with eight men in
it, jumped its guidings about one hundred
feet from the bottom of the shaft to-day
and six of the occupants were killed.
They were caught between the car and
the buntings and their bodies droppedato
the bottom of the shaft. The names . of
three of the killed are Alexander Roman
chok, Michael Pertke and H. Ketchok.
They were Russians. The two men who
were saved held to the cage. They were
only slightly Injured. The others killed,
whose names are not known, came here
recently from Pennsylvania. '
More Trouble for Broker Penny.
OMAHA. Neb., Dec. 28.— H. R. Penny,
head of ,the defunct brokerage firm of
Penny & v Co., with headquarters here and
several branch offices in. Iowa and Ne
braska, was to-day arrested, charged with
"maintaining- and operating gambling de
yices." The, warrant was sworn out by
a Beatrice (Neb.) customer, who claims
Penny & Co. owe him $600 as profits on
deals placed with the firm. Penny accom
panied the Gage County Sheriff to Beat
rice.
Legal Fight Over a Copper Mine.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 28.— A special from
Helena says that counsel for the Ana
conda Mining Company to-day applied to
the Supreme Court for a writ of super
visory control that the higher court
might review the action of District Judge
Clancy in granting F. Augustus Heinze
permission' to make an underground sur
vey and inspection of the workings of
the St. Lawrence* property.
The Supreme Court announced that it
would hear arguments on the application
January 2. . •
To Maintain Policy of His Father.
ALLAHABAD, Dec. 28.— At a great dur
bar held at Cabul recently the Ameer,
Habib Ullap Khan, addressing- the as
sembled chieftains, promised to maintain
the policy of. his father, the late Ameer,
in guarding Afghanistan against foreign
aggression ■ and in preventing the intro
duction of railroads, telegraphs, Euro
pean trade and education by missionaries.
QUEENSTOWN Dec. 23.— The Cunard lino
steamer Etruria, from New York December 21
which arrived oft hero at B:55 o'clock this
morning, waa unable to communicate with th»
shore, owing to unfavorable weather and tiro
ceeded to London. ' v
) ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AT ThWtoiP^
It Is a laudable ambition to reach tha
top of the ladder of success. But many
a man who reaches the topmost rung
finds bis position a torment instead of •
triumph. He has | xfflfcrs
sacrificed his Jf^^fi
health to success. Jn
A man can sue- /fPfrll -^"ViK
heeds Nature's i^^^^^^^^^»,
warnings. When
heart ; any or all ]| |
of tiiese symptoms j^^^siffi
point to weakness and—— jSsMaMk
loss of nutrition. Dr. fe^^^S
Pierce's Golden Med- jEKKp&f
ical Discovery cures dis- == t|^^^^^
eases of the stomach /^If I WS
and other organs of di- 'M$j&n Wj
gestion and "nutrition. jffljftW B |^
By perfect and abund- ~§J% H aP
ant nourishment dis- y&J r'^a
tributed to each vital
organ it enables the co-opera-=3 23i=
tion of all the organs to pi"e-
serve the perfect health of
the^body.
"For about two years I euffered from a very •
otetmat e caseof dyspepsia "writes R. E. Secoi^
Esq., of 13 Eastern, Ave., Toronto, Ontario «i
r«« a T^" Ca ii n i um * b 5 r i1 f . reln cdJes without' sue-
cess. I finally lost faith in them all I was so
far gone that I.could not bear any solid food S
my stomacli for a long time ; felt melancholy"
and depressed.. Could not sleep nor follow my
occupation. Some four months ago a friend
recommended your ' Golden Medical Discovery/ "
£n? n ? 7£K* trc^"»«it I had derived so much
benefit that I continued the medicine. I have
taken three bottles and am convinced it £5
in my case accomplished a permanent cure I
can conscientiously. recommend it to the thou-
sands of dyspeptics throughout the land"
The « Commpn Sense Medical Adviser »
1008 large pages in paper, covers, is sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
pay ;expense, of mailing only. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
WIND SPARES
THE ORCHARDS
Damage in the Southern
. Cities Not So Great
as Feared.
Reports From One Desert
Town Tell of Much .
Destruction.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 28.— The wind
storm of yesterday which swept over a
large area In Southern California has en
tirely abated and reports concerning Its
effects are reaching this city from out
side points. The damage has not been so
extensive aa first reports Indicated. In
some places many oranges I were blown '
off the trees and others somewhat dam
aged from bruises and pricking, but the
aggregate loss Is not great
Riverside, Ontario, Pomona, Corona and
other places ln that section report con
siderable loss to orchardlsts from fallen
fruit, but not to such an extent as was
feared last night. The railroads havo
cleared their tracks and all trains are
moving on time. The weather Is clear and
pleasant.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 28.— At Campo, a
mountain town on the edge of the desert
sixty miles east of here, last night's storm
did some heavy damage. . Telephone re
ports from there say that no such heavy
windstorm has ever before been known
there. Roofs of houses were blown off
and some houses were demolished. Resi
dents had to brace their houses from the
Inside during the night. The store of E.
H. Wiggam, with its contents, was en
tirely destroyed.
People coming in from, the desert report
that the passes are almost blocked by
fallen limbs and trees. The surveying
party of the San Diego and Eastern road
lost part of their camp outfit and suc
ceeded ln saving the remainder by weight
ing it down with rocks.
SANTA ANA, Dec. 28.— The sandstorm
of yesterday and last night waa apparently
at an end this morning and the usual fine
weather prevails. Now that the results
of the storm in this city can be plainly
seen, It appears that last night's reports
were somewhat exaggerated as to the
damage done here. While several build
ings were damaged, the total amount wiil
not exceed $200, though the damage to the
orange crop is still considered largo.
SANTA ANA TVTATTrei PROTEST.
Citizens Declare That Reports of
Damage Were Grossly Exag
gerated.
SANTA ANA, Dec. 28.— In regard to the
reports of the recent sandstorm a mass
meeting, eighty persons being present,
adopted the following resolutions to
night:
Whereas, The correspondent of the Associated
Press tent from this city a certain grossly
exaggerated and false report of the storm of
yeeterday, which will be injurious to our com
munity if not corrected; and whereas, we have
heretofore suffered in silence from many simi
lar exaggerated and false reports published
in certain Los Angeles papers; and whereas,
the continuance of such a condition has be
come Intolerable. Therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the citizens of Santa
Ana, in mass meeting: assembled, declare such
reports to be grossly exaggerated, false and un
fair. We assert:
First — That the wind did not "carry loads
of sand and pebbles," but only the dust of
the streets and fleld3.
Second — That there was no "blinding 1 cy
clonic sandstorm,"' the wind at no time ex
ceeding a velocity of forty miles an hour.
• Third — That tha sand "did not .blow ln pil
lars, or, blind .and smother pedestrians or
teams"; nor was "traffic suspended" at all.
Fourth — That it Is false that "several busi
ness houses sustained broken plate glass win
dows" and that "every awning and sign was
blown down," the truth being that only one
plate glass was broken in the entire city and
not a single sign or awning was blown away.
Fifth — That the telephone service was not
crippled and that the eledtrio light was only in
terrupted by an accident to the line outside
of the county.
Sixth — No train was delayed within the
county of Orange.
Seventh — That the orange crop sustained but
small damage.
We therefore protest against the tenor of the
entire dispatch and demand that all correspond
ents hereafter treat -our city honestly, fairly
and Justly. W. H. SPURGEON, Chairman.
O.- M. ROBBINS. Secretary.
CLALLAM FLEET SAFE.
Vessels in the Harbor Have Narrow
Escape From Disaster.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 28.— Tho
steamer Gertrude to-day brings the first
news from Cape Flattery and way ports
since the Christmas storm totally^demol
ished telegraphic communication. The
storm raged down the straits with un
usual fury, driving waves over the decks
of vessels at anchor ln Clallam Bay,
washing overboard everything movable,
smashing boats and doing other minor
damage.
The barkentlne Katie Flickinger had
the narrowest escape, dragging her an
chors until she was close to the shore.
There she brought up and held fast, suc
cessfully weathering the remaining hours
of the storm. Clallam Bay waa particu
larly exposed to the force 1 of the westerly
gale. The fleet, all of which are safe,
included the ships Owenee, W. H: Macy,
Bangalore and Carrollton, barkentine
Katie Flickinger, schooner Maryland, Ida
and one other topmast schooner whoso
name was not learned.
GOVERNOR McBRIDE
TAKES OATH- OE OFFICE
Successor to Rogers Sworn In by
the Chief Justice at
Olympia.
OLTMPIA, Wash., Dec. 28.— At 2 o'clock
to-day Henry Gr McBride, Lieutenant
Governor, was sworn ln as Governor of
Washington. The oath was administered
by Chief Justice Reeves in the chambers
of the Supreme Court.
Private funeral services will be held at
the home of the late Governor Rogers
here Tuesday. The body will be taken to
Tacoma Wednesday, where a military
funeral will be held/and the remains then
sent to Puyallupj> the Governor'! home,
for interment. • *H
Must Take a Smaller Amount
REDWOOD CIT|ir, Dec. 23.— Judge Buck
gave Judgment to-day in favor of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company and
agftinst A. P. Johnson. The action was
brought to condemn a strip of land twen
ty feet wide and 278 feet long, being
a portion of five lots owned by Johnson
along, the railroad track at Belmont. The
company desires the land for double
track purposes. Johnson asked $2000 for
the strip and {5000 additional as damages
to his remaining tract. The court al
lowed him $1000 for the land taken and $600
for damages.
Parole Granted to Convicts.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 28.— The State
Board of Prison Directors met at
Quentin to-day and considered about s'ixty
applications for parole. - Only five con
victs were released. They were P. Rissl.
who had served eighteen years for* mur
der; R. Lavlgne of Los Angeles had
served ten of a twenty-five years' sentence
for arson; George McCreany, J. L. Neary
and J. O. Mefford. • Governor Gage was
present. The directors postponed the fix
ing of the price of Jute, bags until the
February meeting.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The British bark Mer
sey. Captain Olsen, from Rosarlo October 14
for Falmouth, was wrecked upon the Goodwin
Sands last night. Lifeboats stood by her un
til she began to break ' up and then took off
tho crow.
SEES VICTIM
ON THE RUN
Drummer Who Was at
Lookout Tells of the
Lynching.
Thrilling Story Related to
the Jury in Alturas
Court.
ALTURAS, Dec. 28.— The whole morn-
Ing's session of the Superior Court ln the
Lookout lynching case was consumed ln
an argument on a question sought to be
asked of E. I* Carpenter by the defense.
During all of yesterday's session the at
torneys and the Judge appeared to havo
determined to conduct the case quietly,
but to-day there was more wrangling and
quarreling, though in a comparatively
mild degree.
This afternoon the appointment and
qualification of J. W. Brown as Deputy
Constable of Lookout Township were put
in' evidence. The first witness examined
was John Hutton. He stated that he
heard a conversation between the defend
ant, Brown, Isom Eades and two or three
other parties whose names he was unablo
to remember, which conversation took
place between the Morris store and
Meyers' Hotel at Lookout. One of the
men said:
"If the law don't take them ln hand and
put these fellows out of the way, the citi
zens ought to do so."
The witness refused "to say if he had
heard a conversation on Tuesday, the
28th of May, on the ground that he might
incriminate himself. Assistant Attorney
General Post asked the witness if he «lid
not hear Brown say on the 28th, "They
will hang them the first clear night."
Attorney Raker for the defense object
ed to the question and pending argument
the jury and the witness were excluded
from the courtroom. The witness refused
to answer the question.
The next witness was Frank Tetreau,
a resident of Chico. He Is supposed to be
one of the leading witnesses for the pros
ecution. Tetreau is a commercial traveler
and salesman for McCormick, Sellzer &
Co. of Redding. He stated that he was
In the town of Lookout the night of the
hanging and slept in a bedroom off the
parlor ln Meyers' Hotel. About l;30
o'clock on the morning of May 31 he waa
awakened by an unusual noise like that
of some one running or walking on the
board floor. He did not know what the
disturbance was.
In about ten minutes he heard people
running on the street in front of the ho
tel and heard some one come toward the
parlor. Then he heard Calvin Hall say.
"Who are you and what do you want?"
Next he saw masked men on the street
outside the window. He heard a door
broken ln and saw Calvin Hall taken
down the street toward the bridge on a
trot. He thought it was about time to
get out and he started to pull on his
clothes. He saw some men standing to
gether in front and heard some pistol
shots fired by some of them. He made a
mistake in going out and got behind tha
bar. When he got outside some one said
a mob had come and taken the prisoners
out of the hotel, but they did not know
why.
The witness suggested that the others
accompany him to see about it and he
was told that he had better not. as they
had been told not to follow. He then went
back to bed. In the morning he visited
the bridge and saw the bodies, got a piece
of each rope for a souvenir and left town.
C. R. Harris of Adin was recalled to
testify relative to any marks on the
|— STERLING FUM«TUBE«— g
Every Richmond Range We Sell J
I Sells at Least Two More I
H If yea buy one you will want your best friend to have one, 9
H and SHE in turn wil advise HER friends. -. fj
i We have soli over 1200 Richmonds in the last year, and B
H next year we exp ct to ssll 5000 — mostly from the recommen- w
H dation of thcs : "whr> are now usrngfthem. O
H You may need som; parts of a Richmond ycu bought Wt
H twenty years agr. We will gladly get them out for you in our n
1J semi-mor.th'y car. *S
|| We sell almost as many Richmonds on time as we do for II
I Cash* - M
1 An example o! our terms and prices : The Richmond pictured above, \ 1
| $30.00 — 55.00 down and $1.00 a week, all set up in your horns. n
I This is th: Peerless Kitchen Table (hat is taking the place ol all other M
kitchen tabk s. v *5j B j
• ■: Ey simply lifting: the leaf and sliding the top forward you t|
| have a tabh at which you can sit in cemfert without bumping h
2 your knees against the flou- bi s. u
I Renumber that we can Supply you with all the kitchenry N
whir, ycu are buying; your stevs. jt]
| Ay.te and Granite Ware, Cutlery— evsrything lor the kitchen or t]
s d.ning-room, ani cr;dil ii ycu wait if. p % : *4
STEALING Furniture Company I
| 1039 MARKET, OPPOSITE McALLlSTEB. !
DB. gUMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. '
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Stall.
— :
Dr. Kilmer'* Swamp-Root, tha jpeat
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish la
promptly curinj kidney, bladder and nrlo
add troubles, rheumatism and pain ln
the back. It correct* Inability to hold
water and scalding pain ln passing It, or
bad effects following use of liquor, wins
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being: compelled to so often
during: the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of tha most distressing
cases.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric add trouble you will find
It Just the remedy you seed.
If you need a medicine you should have
the best. Sold by druggists ln fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. Tou may have a
sample bottle of this great kidney remedy,
Swamp-Root, and a book that tells all
about it and Its great cures, both sent ab-
solutely free by mail. Address Dr. Kil-
mer « Co., Binghamton, N. T. When
writing:, mention that you read this gen-
erous offer ln the Sunday Call.
THROW TOUR TRUSS Aff£Yi
RlPTURE^^rlL
CURED Ml
BY FIDELITY METHOD. MsM fl
We Cure— Positive— Per- sSQSggV Aa
manent— and Guarantee BX\ *Bft(Tf
for Life. We mean *!utw I3C »«$&?
iiy. We cm curs you. 12.000 hsgVSJgGj^
cmes la U»t 7 J«ar». W« crrr» iaBH I |>S3V
CO dajs without pain or loss of EfigS B H .
time. Successful on men, women gf » dy M
and children. ,No cluaw for j§jpp<|p|
NOPAY UNTIL CURED i|f 1|| *g
Testimonials «t our office or fg t£ 3 5 9
reference* furnished on appllc*- t* BH a a ,
tion. All patients must come to ft KB 55*
this eSico for •prof waion*! »ttea» Wi 2 3
nDELITT'RIIPTURS CTOB, J% TO
Euite 4, 5 ui 8, 28*4 Kemray St. • ir * r Tr
bodies of the dead men at the Inquest.
He stated that there were no bruise* ex
cept on the forehead of Dan Yantis. Peter
Hagerman -was put on the stand and
stated that Eadea told him that they put
a rope around Martin Wilson's neck when
he was arrested to make him confess;
that Wilson told them where some of the
stolen stuff was at Calvin Hall's. Raker
offered to show that the witness was
prejudiced against the attorneys for tha
defense, and also that he had refused to
talk to them, although subpenaed by
them. The offer was refused.
Brakemen Meet With Disaster.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 2S.- r Brakeman
Sheeley, In the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company and a resident of L.os
Angeles, was Instantly killed at Calient*
at 4 o'clock this morning by falling from
a freight train as it stopped at that sta
tion. Ho struck his head on a rail, frac
turing the skull.
SAN MIGTJEr., r>ec 28.— Just as a
freight train was pulling out of the sta
tion to-day F. TV. Dewey, a brakeman,
while jumping on the train slipped and
fell. His left foot was mangled.
Yale Wins at Chess.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— Yale won the in
tercollegiate chess tournament. Columbia
was second. Harvard third and Princeton
fourth.
1920
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{ $1.00 BLACK CHEVIOT FOR 79% BIG SALE OF FRENCH FLANNELS. I
j- A great Black Goods Special for Monday and Tuesday — a Another big Flannel Sale is planned for Monday and Tues- ~<m '
bargain that will astonish those unaccustomed to this store's day. which undoubtedly will bring hundreds of eager i buyers.
2H marvelous money-saving offerings. A retiring wholesale house By coming early you will have the pick of all the best color- _««»
3pS cloeed out to us much below Its regular price 45 pieces extra ings. 100 pieces All-wool French Flannels that ordinarily sell -^
**" heavy English Cheviot, a quality that is well worth $ 1 a yard. at ftOc a yard, in these choice colorings — Cream, Light Blue, .
y~ it is fully 02 inches wide, of a fast black dye- and warranted to Pink. Cardinal, Navy, Rose, Nile, Turquoise, Tan and QQr» -3
•*" give good satisfaction. On sale Monday and Tuesday 7Qp Green. For Monday and Tuesday at .Yard Ot/w "-•
at Tard * uw ' Z5
| $1.25 Colored sWTrunella OS& GERMAN EIDERD0Wn7lANNELS/S£ 1
JjZZ 40 pieces go on sale of this very popular wool fabric for *~ -••
a, street dresses. These are faultlessly woven and of the highest A grand variety to choose from in the choicest patterns ana . -^m ,
<P— satin finish; in colors of Tan, Castor, Brown. Cadet. New Blue, colorings; a warm and fleecy flannel for Wrappers and Tea j
JT Old Rose Red, Reseda, Navy. Green and Gray; good QeT/> Gowns ; looks as well as the 25c Imported kind. On 1 PZ f* _*a
g= value at $1 25. Monday Tart OOt sale at .Yard »«JV* j^b
i $5.00 and $6.00 tfiQ 50 SPECIAL OFFERING. SILK STRIPED MOREEN. 90 C 1
£ WOOL WAISTS 0 j'iU BUCK VELVET RIBBONS. Mcn< fiJ«.Qa-^.d. y M« 1
Broken lines of some of this season's The ribbons we offer for to-morrow and One Of the finest mercerized silk D1O- "^*
•£; best selling styles to be closed out to-raor- Tuesday are the highest grade— warranted reens imnorted that always sold at 60c
a£- row. These waists ore handsomely fin- all silk and satin back; to be sold for ?nt a fortunate purchase per- "•
ished with tailor stitchinr. corded and ap- considerably less than the present pre- ml \?- r °' to O ffer than for almost half
JC: pliqued— in the leading colorings; sold up vailing prices. ■ . ™i' S a tw nnm," in exauisite stvks
51 • No. 5 at 14c yd or *1.85 a piece. row. at A<iC jara -*»
«h_ No. 7 at ISc yd or $1.75 a piece. • -^g
S SALE OF NECK RUFFS. *o LADIES' ncn =3
E The sales in this department have been 52. UO tOM* OKI tKb 3>I.5U liMnFRWFAR flfl 3
eomethins extraordinary of late— therefore jf 0 comforter ofterinr ever equaled this "*LL UIWLJI-llTY Lni» UwEa
2^ many odd pieces of ruffs accumulated one and you win say so too when you • Nrorl . ( , hr i nk « ne earments in ladles' — «
«f which we Intend closine out to-morrow. them . They are extra hea vy. tor «„,=„ HhhPd vfsta Tand nants^n white
r~ They are made of the finest black liberty doubIe beds co^ ered with cholce silkoline f^i S * "„ nprfectlv finfihed seams
Jfc= eilk. very full around the neck, with long and fiUed 'with pure white cotton"— are *nd with silk dfa^f--
<~T Btream«rs. To be so.a a« follows: nicely stitched. Were Intended to be sold self-trimmed neck witn sllK araw- -^
St: $1.50 Ruffs for OSc Each at 82 each and are well worth it, but we Drawers to match, ankle
<*~ fl.75 Ruffs for BL2S Each got them cheap; therefore the special price length, with French bands In all -~m
Jfc: ?2.50 Ruffs for $ 1.75 Each of $1.50 each sizes. Grand value at 85c each.
I 800 Yards Black Peau de Sole Ladies' $9.00 Dress Skirts $Q I
fc ON SPECIAL SALE. f% O~ F0R EACH Sr x^ 3
g Tte regular $f.25 g ua><ty.or Yard J, S^S" 3
2^ T S i ?,- make a^" : v. gra v. ! is I?, 1 * t? y prominent stores arrived from the manufacturers. Are made of a reli- —•
SZZ at $l.S> a jard. but. as the importing house was willing to sac- na\e ju»i aiii»cu iium iuc uuu>u o _^
S^ rifice this email lot. we are enabled to place the same on sale able quality Cheviot .and \enetlan, trimmed with silk and satin
**•* below regular price. ,it la a silk warranted to wear well, extra folds; have graduated flounce and full tailored flare; lined with
»- heavy and very lustrous; a splendid black. On sale Monday and the best percaline; in every way exceptional. Great value ~»»
g»- Tuesday at USe Tard at ?O.W Eacn -^
C= dl QpUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ZSm
RtT?3 \ A HANDKERCHIEF 22
f»- div nOPnin^" .J^Spm'K/^ 'iteTH?*! *« yl..y»}<i tSJS^* xjjy*^ On sale Monday and „ nm
BRUTAL THUGS
BEAT VICTIM
Footpads Hold Up John
Lubler on a Dark ;
Bridge.
Three brutal footpad? held up John
Lubler on the Second-street bridge last
night, and without giving him a chance
to submit quietly to their demands they
fc truck him three times on the head with
a revolver, knocking him senseless. Be
fore the thugs had time to rifle his pock
ets several men and a woman Etarted
across the bridge ancl the footpads be
came frightened and ran away, leaving
their bleeding and unconscious victim to
be picked up' toy the pedestrians.
Lubler had three deep gashes on the
top of Ills head and he was removed im
mediately to the Harbor Hospital, where
his injuries were dressed. After having
his wounds bandaged Lubler went to the
Harbor police station, where he told his
story of the attempted robbery.
Lubler said he was about half way
across the bridge when the three men
epratig from behind one of the stringers
cf the bridge and ordered him to throw
u;) his hands. Before he had time to com
ply with the request one of the cowardly
thugs dealt him a stunning blow on the
head with a revolver. As he was falling
he received two more blows, and after
that he remembered nothing until he was
picked up by the passers-by, who arrived
just in time.
Lubler had a gold watch and a consid
erable amount of money on his person,
and had not the footpads been frightened
off they would have got a neat sum for
their work. The police are of the opinion
that it was the work of new men in the
hold-up business, as a reasoned footp-id
never harms his victim unless he at
tempts to make a fight.
The care was reported to Captain Sey
mour and he detailed two of his detec
tives on the case. Lubler was stricken
down so quickly that he did not get a
good description of the three footpads.
SNATCHES DIAMOND
FROM NECKTIE PIN
Otto von Sch.eeh.en Lauena Grabs a
Third-street Pawnbroker's Val
' uable Jewel.
B. Jacobs, proprietor of a pawn shop at
95 Third street, was relieved of a valuable
diamond sotting from a necktie pin last
night while attempting to expel an ob
jectionable customer from his store. The
objectionable character's name is Otto
V'on Scheehen Lauena. lie entered tho
pawn shop for the purpose of selling a
knife, but took offense when L. B. Jacobs
asked him how many knives he had to
eell. According to 13. Jacobs' story, Lau
rr.a commenced to use vulgar language.
Jacobs (jected him from the store twice,
but he returned and cvfeUe Jacobs was at
tempting to throw him out fcr the third
time Laucna. made a grub for his necktie,
lie dM not secure the tk\ but Rot Jacobs'
diamond, whi«h is valued at S1U0.
L. B. Jacobs chased Lauena up the
Flreet nnd caught him. but when lie waa
taken back to th,e store the setting could
not be found. Lauena was placed under
arrest by Sergeant Mahoney and charged
with theft.
e 7 ex 1 rvp )ro rv! f ? or sm Sil |^
O'Brien a^ \Ton^
Golden Gate Ave. PolkJt.
DOWIE DECIDES
TO SETTLE CASE
His Attorney Seeks to
Secure a Compromise
of Litigation.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— John Alexander
Dowie has decided that he will settle the
claim of his brother-in-law, Samuel Ste
venson, the English lacemaker, before
next Thursday, the time set by Judge
Tuley for handing down a decision in the
case. Edward Logan Reeves, Steven
son's attorney, to-day received a letter
from Samuel W. Packard, Dowie's law
yer, to the effect that Dowie was ready to
make a reasonable settlement.
At the close of the trial Judge Tuley
held a private conference with Stevenson
and Dowle and their attorneys, in which
he is reported to have intimated that un
less the case was settled out of court he
would appoint a receiver for the Zlon lace
industries. ,
Stevenson alleged- mat Dowie defrauded
him out of $150,000 and his attorney de
clares that no amount less than that will
be considered in settlement.
DBTJMMERS MAKE MERRY
AT THE BANQUET BOARD
Pacific Division of Travelers' Protec
tive Association Meets in Its
Annual Reunion.
The fourth annual banquet of the Cali
fornia division of the Travelers' Protec
tive Association was held last night in the
banquet-room of Golden Gate Hall. About
150 of the membership of 323 were pres
ent.
Harry M. Campe acted as toastmaster.
In the course of the evening he announced
that the original charter, kept in the cus
tody of former Senator Braunhart since
the time of the split in the organization,
had been given by Braunhart into the
hands of P. B. Gallagher and was by him
at this time presented to the association.
Harry Moore, the president-elect, in re
sponding to a toast spoke of the future of
the organization, and told a few good
drummers' stories. When he had finished
the orchestra played "Annie Moore."
Former President Ed Warnecke and
Thomas Hays also responded to toasts.
A programme of musical numbers and
specialties furnished amusement that was
somewhat superfluous In view of the num
ber of drummers at table and the amount
of good cheer available.
The California division has elected the
following new officers:
Harry T. Moore, president; Fred Kggers,
first vice president; J. H. Davis, second vice
president; J. J. Baumgartner, secretary and
treasurer; directors — Henry M. Campe. Ben
Stern. K. .T. Warnecke, Frederick Petersen,
Max Kant. W. A. Desborougli, W. A. Rountree
and I. Rosenblatt.
Picture Frames.
We have received during December over
100 patterns of entirely new things in
moldings, which we have not had time to
open until now. The beauty, originality
«nd moderate price of these moldings will
please every one having pictures to frame.
On sale after this date. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ♦
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
MILITIA HOLDS
BACK LYNCHERS
Mob Clamors for Life
of Murder Suspect
Wilcox.
ELIZABETH CITY, N. C, Dec. 2S.-The
presence of a squad of naval militia with
loaded carbines Is all that prevents an
attack on the jail in which Is confined
James Wilcox, accused of the murder *of
Nellie Cropsey. Threats of lynching were
freely made to-day and the feeling
against the young man continues bitter.
During the day armed guards have kept
all pedestrians a block away from, the
jail. To-night the saloons were closed by
order of the Mayor. Solicitor Ward had
a warrant sworn out, charging Wilcox
with murder. A preliminary hearing will
be held on Wednesday, when Wilcox
probably will be held for the Grand Jury
which will meet in March.
Wilcox is probably the most uncon
cerned man in the town. He sits in his
cell making cigarettes and talking with
his guards. He says he has no fear of
lynching.
Andrew G. Cropsey, the uncle of Miss
Nellie Cropsey, who had been missing
since November 20 and whose body was
discovered in the Pasqubtank River yes
terday, arrived in this city to-day from
New York. Cropsey is making prepara
tions to take the body of the dead girl to
New York for interment. He is deeply
affected by the tragic death of his niece.
Ho has spent a large sum of money in
efforts to solve the mystery of her dis
appearance and will do his utmost to
solve the mystery of her death.
The verdict of the Coroner's jury, which
was not made public In this city last
night, lest it might cause the lynching of
James Wilcox, was read to-day in
front of the Coroner's office to a
large assemblage of people. The great
crowd not only manifested no sympathy
for Wilcox, but seemed inclined to deal
harshly with him if assurance of his guilt
could be obtained. No surprise was ex
hibited by the general public at the result
of the Coroner's inquest, as the belief
has been fixed in this city that the girl
was murdered.
Payot Lectures on Japan.
"Japan— The Land of the Rising Sun"
was the lecture given last evening at tho
Mechanics' Institute by Henry Payot be
fore an audience that crushed into every
nook and corner. The stereoptlcon views
were no more highly colored nor did they
show more delicate tints than the word
pictures of the lecturer. He tripped his
hearers to the shrine of gods and Into tho
presence of geisha girls, and gave In
structive accounts of manners and cus
toms, the progress and the lmitatfvo
characteristics of the Japanese, and
amused by telling how .very Improper are
swearing and kissfng in the land of the
rising sun, and how|d witty American,
on learning those facts, said, "I prefer
America, where they kiss and cuss!" The
merry mosquito, said the lecturer, lived
to torment, but he was as mu3lcal as a
brass band. In Japan they did not resort
to nor depend upon fires for warmth^ln
the winter. Instead the Japanese - piled
on to themselves extra clothing as the
cold increased, consequently they seemed
to grew fatter and fatter as the weather
became colder. He paid a tribute to the
intelligence and to the great progress of
the Japanese, and, indeed, all the way
through the lecture was as Instructive as
it was entertaining.
Woodworth's Exclusion Bill Beceived
Congressman Julius Kahn has written
to United States District Attorney
Wooaworth informing that official that he
has received a copy of Attorney Wood
worth's suggestions for the new Chinese
exclusion bill and that he has submitted
them to the sub-committee for consider
ation.- Mr. Kahn adds that the commit
tee has received Mr. Woodworth's sug
gestions very favorably.
Used Razor in a Fight.
J. M. Lee was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss yester
day on the charge of assault with a dead
ly weapon in $1000 bonds. He and John
W. Rock were employed in the Arcade
stables, 327 Sixth street, and had a fight
on the evening of December 23 because
Rock Insinuated that Lee had stolen a re
volver. During the fight Lee cout.Rock
in the bsKk with a razor. /
RIVALRY CAUSES
LOSS OF TRADE
Americans Seek to Un
dermine One Another
m Germany.
Foreign Official Explains How
Business Interests
Suffer.
BERLIN, Dec. 28.— American diplomacy
in Berlin, so far as it relates to commer
cial controversies, is hampered by the in
terference of the private interests con
cerned. The force of the representations
of the State Department haa^been contin
ually Impaired by American business men
acting independently of diplomatic chan
nels. This Is the startling purport of a
communication made to-day by a- person
closely related to the Foreign Office, from
whom something was sought more candid
than the Foreign Office's carefully framed
statements usually are. Naturally thi3
person can only speak plainly for publica
tion abroad. He said:
I suggest these memoranda for explaining
German Governmental views on three or four
things that are. the subjects of correspondence
with our Foreien Office, There is the meat
question, always with us, and Ilkely4o be again
troublesome in the spring, if our 'new inspec
tion regulations become imperative. Underly
ing the meat dispute Is, of course, the protect
ive tariff idea in which your statesmen have
educated us. But beyond that, how can you
blame us- if we exclude canned meats after the
embalmed beef testimony? Public opinion here
has most unpleasant recollections o£ that tes
timony and Is now Irritated by the boastful
utterances of representatives of the great meat
firms, whose attitude is that whether the meat
is good or bad, Germany must buy it, as they
cannot raise enough for their own use. These
firms, I may say, are striving to reach the
German Government by influences outside of
your State Department.
Americans Bring About Trouble.
Much of the trouble we are giving American
insurance companies originates in the intrigues
of these great concerns against each other . In
order to secure a semi-exclusive field. They
have filled several cases In our Foreign CHflce
with secret documents against their American
rivals, such as so-called exposures of methods
of dolns business and attacks on the integrity
of their financial operations and investments.
Our case asainst the foreign insurance com
panies Is upheld by briefs against them pre
pared by their rivals in their own country.
Alluding to the approaching period
when a new commercial treaty will prob
ably be negotiated with the United States,
the informant said:
Germany will want her full share of the ad
vantages of the United States reciprocal ar
rangements with other countries. We justly
consider it a grievance that the United States,
under the most favored nation idea, is able to
profit by any new commercial convention we
enter into with another country, while Ger
many is unable to participate in a reciprocal
treaty which the United States makes with
another country. . '»• », •
The general business situation occupies
increasing attention. As the year closes
careful observers admit that the situation
grows worse. The recently expressed
hope3 that an improvement had begun
have been disappointed. The railway
earnings show a decrease as compared
with 1900. A significant fact is that ISO
Berlin foundries, machine shops and elec
trical establishments have petitioned the
Prussian Ministry for orders, even at
prices involving a loss, in order to avoid
discharging their laborers. • Elsewhere the
dismissals of working people, the curtail
ment of wages and the shortening of the
hours of labor continue. The greatest
iron company of Silesia has Just reduced
wages 15 per cent.
Distress in Berlin.
The distress in Berlin Is shown by the
fact that the sales of Christmas trees
were 100,000 less than in 1900. The mer
chants have begun to feel the effects of
the lower purchasing powers of the peo
ple. Some financiers refer to the low
money rates and to the demand for for
eign loans as Indications of returning con
fidence. More careful critics of the situa
tion, however, see therein evidence of
deep seated lack of confidence in Ger
many's business situation, which pre
vents any new industrial undertakings
in spite of the low prices of raw materials
and the low rate of wages. The papers
say no improvement may be expected
while the uncertainty regarding commer
cial treaties lasts.
A summary of Germany's naval activity
during the year 1901 shows that four bat
tleships were launched and that one arm
ored cruiser, one gunboat, several large
torpedo-boat destroyers and four coast
defense vessels have been remodeled.
Other vesels have also been remodeled.
SECRETARY LONG GIVES
PRAISE TO ARMY MEN
Commends . Heroic Attempt to Re -
cover' Body of Murdered
Naval Apprentice.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Secretary
Long has written a letter to the Secre
tary of War highly commending the con
duct of Captain G. A. Detchmendy and
Lieutenant Barker Hitt, Twenty-second
Infantry, and the men under them for
''the zeal' and perseverance" with which
they prosecuted the search, for the re
mains of D. G., A. Venville, a first-class
apprentice in the navy, who was mur
dered by Filipino insurrectionists at
Baloi, P; I.
"The fact that the loss of. one. naval
apprentice," says Secretary Long, "in
the multitude of fatal and other casual
ties which have • occurred during the in
surrection in the Philippines could have
inspired such unselfish and hazardous
service as was Involved In the search for
the remajns of D. G. A. Venville was a
high tribute to the character of '"• tho
United States army and will tend to
unite the navy_ to It in closer bonds.
"I have the honor to request that you
will transmit to the officers and enlisted
men above mentioned the grateful appre
ciation and' commendation not only of
the Navy -Department but of. the officers
and enlisted men of tho navy for their
act and for the thoughtful remembrances
of the family of the boy who was so
cruelly murdered."
THIEVES LOOT YATES
& CO.'S WAREHOUSE
Employe of Eirm and Alleged Con
federates ATrested for Stealing
White Lead.
- Ten kegs of white lead were stolen yes
terday morning from the warehouses of
Yates & Co. at the corner of Fifth and
Berry streets, and last night Detectives
Ryan, O'Dea and Coleman brought a trio
of suspects Into the City Prison, where
they will be held pending an investiga
tion.
Detective O'Dea caught a man named
Charles Stanford in tho act of disposing,
of the stolen property to a Market-street
dealer and placed him, together with Ed
ward Case, who drove the express wagon
In which the stolen lead was hauled
away from the warehouse, under arrest.
About. 8 o'clock last evening the detec
tives arrested John Griffin, a lead mixer
employed j at .the warehouse. Griffin is
believed by the police to be the man who
trucked the lead out of the warehouse
and delivered it into the hands of . Case
and Stanford, though neither of the men I
would identify him positively as the mar.
who gave them the stolen property.
Cattlemen Violate Quarantine Laws.
O. T., Dec. 28.— At the ses
sion to-day of the Oklahoma Livestock
Sanitary Board It was announced that
eighteen prominent Texas and Oklahoma
cattlement have been arrested for violat
ing the quarantine laws and have ;p5id
$3500 in fines during the existing open
season.
KILLS HERSELF
IN A THEATER
Dramatic Suicide of Love
sick Young Woman
of Washington.
Takes a Place in Front of
Stage and' Then Swal
, lows Poison. w
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 28.— One of
the most dramatic suicides which (has
ever taken place in Washington occurred
to-night at Chase's Theater, when Miss
Mary Renner during the performance
ended her life because of unrequited
love. Miss Renner, who was about 28
years of age, fancied herself in love with
an actor who appeared at the theater to
night. He was evasive and the culmina
tion came this evening when she killed
herself in the full view of hundreds of
people. Miss Renner invited a friend to
attend • the performance to-night and
shortly after 8 o'clock they entered the
theater and took their seats. A few min
utes later Miss Renner excused herself
and just as the curtain went up she was
seen walking down the center aisle. When
she reached the end of the first row of
seats from the stage she paused, lifted
her hand to her lips and with a subdued
scream sank to the floor. Those sitting
near by rushed to her assistance and she
was carried to the rear, where it was dis
covered that she was suffering from
poison. She was immediately removed to
the emergency hospital, where she died a
few minutes later. After the audience
had been quieted the performance was
continued.
MAKES FIVE ATTEMPTS
*' IN ONE NIGHT TO DIE
Insane Sailor in Lop Angeles Uses
Every Available Method of Sui
cide, but Fails.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 28.— Charles Ger
son, formerly a sailor in the navy, and
who is now in the coasting trade, unsuc
cessfully tried to kill himself in five dif
ferent ways to-night while suffering from
hallucinations superinduced by drink.
While preparing his sailor's bag at the
Monterey lodging-house on South Main
street, and while he had spread before
him his cash consisting of $35 and a sav
ings bank book containing a credit for
$50, Gerson thought he heard voices of
men in the hall calling attention to his
wealth, and a belief grew in him that he
was to be robbed.
He rushed from the lodging-house and
boarded a Santa Monica electric car. He
got off at Hauser station, a few miles
west of this city, and -wandered off in the
dark, the fear of enemies growing upon
him as he went. Reaching a reservoir he
plunged into it, but being a strong swim
mer could not drown.
Crawling back to land Gerson somehow
procured a rope and proceeded to hang
himself. It proved hardly strong enough
to bear his weight and he fell, nearly
choked, to the ground. Out of his water
logged pockets the demented sailor fished
a dull knife .used for cutting his black
navy .plug and proceeded to slash his
throat, but he only succeeded in making
a number of superficial gashes. He next
tried the blade on his wrists, but strange
ly missed all the important blood vessels.
Having lost his knife In the darkness,
he found it impossible to finish his gory
iob; but being still determined to kill him
self and thus foil his enemies, he wan
dered back to the track of the electric
road and there lay down at full length on
the rails, awaiting death which he so
vainly pursued.
The crew of a city-bound car found
Gerson lying there calmly, although al
most frozen from the effect of the cold
water. He was placed on the car and de
livered at the Emergency Hospital.
He lost his money and bank book in his
mad journey.
Fugitive Prisoners Are Captured.
REPUBLIC; Wash.. Dec. 28.— Four of
the prisoners who sawed their way to
liberty Christmas morning have been re
captured. Two of them were taken by
Sheriff Lowry while they were in the act
of holding t up a saloon at Curlew. One
prisoner vtas shot in the neck while re
sisting the Sheriff.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 2S.— John M. A.
Lelghman, the United States Minister to Tur
key, arrived to-day on his return from a visit
to America.
CEREDO, W. Va., Dec. 2S. — Michael West,
engineer on the Norfolk and Western, was shot
to death by Policeman William Freeman.
West was resisting arrest.
ALL FEES SUSPENDED THIS WEEK!
.Drs. Shores Will Give One Week's Treatment and Medicines Free to All Who Apply at Their
New Offices in the Wiley B. Allen Building, 933 Market Street. Before Sunday. January 5th to Prove to
the Public the Superiority, of Their New Treatment for Deafness, Catarrh, and All Forms of 1 Nervous and
Chronic Diseases. . :
#^^^ One Week's Treatment
' Sm^^P;S ' arK * Medicines Free!
Ik , • wk Ai te ?^sf^^? A^^-^^^a- *ssc *•? 5 «r of d o £*g v &&
%<L \\ HfWy-mk* MEDICINES and FREE TREATMENT FORONE WEEK ' GET FRE
S. P. MITCHElZ 478 * Frederick St.. 8. F.. REMEMBER THIS— ™T D «-, Shore, say they win St. free treatment
| i ASTHMA ■ l^l^^i^B^MMM^f^r
READ THE TESTIMONY OF MR. 8. P.
MITCHELL, THE WELL-KNOWN COMMIS- COMPLAINT^ KIDN'CTAVn I ITOP S^ TROUBLE, SKIN DISEASES, FEMALE
SION MAN. AN OLD RESIDENT. CHRONIC AND dEepIshIteD P^IVA T TE^EisFS EPILEPSY AND ALL k)RMS ° F
Mr. Mitchell says: "I have lived In San
Francisco for the Bast twenty- five, years; my g--v y . «-j
occupation la commission business and insur- I Jntl j" i^ll'VT" 51 Lj£l4* in «"» 1 t j-» j-lt f
ance, and a great many people know me. I vtl v M -***J <*■ Wd. I 111 Ci OciVT •
HAVE SUFFERED GREATLY FROM ASTH- ' °
MA for the past three years and from CA- BUT COME AND TEST THE MERITS OF THIS GRAND trpitotvt -two
TARRH FOR FORTY YEARS. MY BREATH- and CHRONIC DISEASES FOR ONE We WEEK WITHOUT WYlT SlT ONE
ING WAS VERY BAD; I WOULD CHOKE CENT. _ • *±**v\j 1 ±-Anr»t, uux «^.ju
UP AT NIGHT UNTIL I WOULD HAVE TO thus e"kblinTthem V to°carr e v thXr^ifliSl 7 Uh } be latest and most MODERN APPARATUS.
SIT UP IN BED TO BREATHE. The loss of every ptrt of the^nemDrlne of the no« thro"? soo i hln jf »»>"» «"J HEALING OILS to
my natural rest reduced me in etrength. until easel oT Aa°f ness, ™ arrtand'luni trS&i^SS" hav^her^ofo^U^th^Iht SSbTC
I became VERY WEAK AND RUN DOWN. account of the inability to *et thlae VITALIZED AND HEALINO BUMS to thJ "d!-eas£i
MY STOMACH ALSO WAS BAD. %*£ CHRONIC^^S^Sn^^Sf, 3 '
"This waa my condition when I a D plied to treatment ABSOLUTELY frpVo^ rH$ni*5 portunlty of tes « n S the virtues of this new
Drs. Shores THREE • WEEKS AGO. Drs. w^ „#„,„„/ ,fl BE v, CHARGE '
Shores' treatment and medicines helped nv» tre^ment no«^? Sf™! 118111 HEALING virtues of Drs. Shores' NEW
from the FIRST DAY. I can now breathe cwTnlrLIfm J Jm doctor*. It costs you absolutely nothin* to learn what Drs.
easy at nl K ht. and my stomach is better. I Shores new treatment will do for you. IF YOU APPLY BEFORE JANUARY 5.
FHEL STRONG NOW AND CAN -WALK ':*"..
V lo B^\%h^^I^i^iKK *®~ Be sure y° u 6° *o the ri 6 ht place, DRS. SHORES &
J^SeM'SS 1 a tS d aV a su^ererT7rom- S " 0RES ' WIUv B. Allen Building, 933 Market Street, Between
ASTHMA and catarrh, for their treatment Filth and Sixth Streets. '
lias done wonders for me.
"(Signed) • . S. P. MITCHELL, — —
"47S Frederick St., San Francisco, Cal.
Ililiipliiiiy DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists.
call. WRITE to Drs. Shores, fully describing .-, \ [£
your case, and inclose 25 cents in stamps (tj Permanently U/jlCV D Al I CM Dllll nillO fliO IIADIfCT OT
c^TanT^s^TwfifshTyfu^^o^cE Lo " ted ln WILtY B> ALLE " BUILDINB, 933 MARKET ST.,
(Third Floor.) SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. /
OF THEIR SKILL. CONSULTATION FREE
TO ALL. -•'..;< : Office Hours- Week Days, 0 a. m. to 4 p. m. E venlngs, 6 to 8. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 12 noon.
' : ■■-'■•'. ' ;
DANES OPPOSING
SALE OF ISLANDS
Agitation Embarrasses
the Authorities in
Copenhagen. .
Request Secretary Hay to
Permit Arrangement*
for Plebiscite.
COPENHAGEN. Dec. 28.— The a-gitation
asainst the sale of the Danish West In
dies has placed the Government in an
embarrassing position. There is much
difference of opinion as to how far public
sentiment against the sale is genuine and
how far it is the work of rpeculators and
promoters. At any rate it has impressed
the Foreign Minister to the extent of his
being determined to request Secretary
Hay to allow an arrangement for a
plebiscite. This matter will be settled
through Copenhagen and not through the
Danish Minister at Washington.
It is generally declared in well informed
circles here that the islanders favor the
sale. But the chief argument advancea
by the large majority is that there should
be a plebiscite like that of 1S67.
The fact that the Danish Government Is
reopening the negotiations indicates
there Is much doubt in the minds of the
authorities as to how accurately they
have gauged the national sentiment. In
the meanwhile those who are opposed to
the sale are formulating numerous plans
for realizing on the tropical asset so lone
neglected. A company has just been
formed for improving the economic status
of the islands, in the event that they are
not sold. The capital of the company ia
not announced, but the directors include
Heide and Glenckstadt. bank directors:
Andersen, a director or the East Asiatic
Company, and other influential persons.
TROOPS ABE CAUSED OUT
TO PKOTECT A PRISONER
Georgia Citizens Seek the Life of the
Alleged Murderer of Emma
\ Fincher.
COLUMBUS, Ga., Dec. 28.— Company L,
Second Regiment Alabama State troops,
of Phoenix City, left at 8 o'clock to-night
for Crawford to assist Sheriff Bellamy in
arresting and protecting Uriah Porter,
charged with the killing of Emma
Fincher. The nearest railroad being
thirteen miles from Crawford, they went
by private conveyance.
Alden Left a Shortage.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The City Com
missioners of Accounts reported to Mayor
Van Wyck to-day that they had made
special examination of the cash accounts
of which Charles A. Alden was acting
trustee and acting treasurer for Commis
sioner of Charities Keller, and that they
had found a shortage of $3187.' In the ab
sence of Mr.' Alden's cash and check
books the Commissioners do not certify
to the exactness of their findings. Alden
went to Philadelphia on December 21 and
has not been heard from since.
Capture of an Indian Murderer.
BUTTE, Mont.. Dec. 28.— Tom Le Mack,
an Indian charged with the murder of
his father-in-law and two other men
across the Canadian border, was arrested
in this city to-day. The Canadian author
ities have hunted all through the North
west for Le Mack and it was only
through the information given the au
thorities by one of his tribe that the In
dian was captured. Le Mack will be held
awaiting the action of Canadian authori
ties.
Music, in Golden Gate Park.
The following programme will be rendered
by the band in Golden Gate Park to-day:
"Prophet March" Meyerbeer
Overture, "Cinderella" Rossini
Suite, "Spanish Divertisements" Desorme
"A Musician Astray in the Forest" ... Herman
Selection from "The Serenade". .Victor Herbert
Overture, iJ'Rienzi" Wagner
Intermezzi, "Cavalleria Rusticana." . . Maacagni
Mosaique from "I'Pagliacd" Leonc.avallo
Desrlptlve. "Cavalry Charge" Lueders
March, "Banda Rossa" Sorentino
Irrigation District Suec
Albert Meyer, who owns 716 bonds is
sued by the Alta Irrigation District, filed
a suit yesterday to recover the value of
the bonds, with interest. He values them
at $10,740.
LOWELL, Mass., Dec. 28. — A consolidation
of the three national banks in this city was
effected to-day under the name of the Unlcn
National Bank. The First National Bank, the
Railroad National Bank and the Merchants'
National Bank are the three institutions which
have morsed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. *28.— The transport
Crook left Malta yesterday for Manila.
FOUR NEPHEWS
MURDER UNCLE
Confession Clears Mys
{ tery of Farm
er's Death.
Assassins Call Him to Hia
Door at Night and Riddle
Him "With Bullets.
HUDSON, N. T., Dec. 2&— One of the
most sensational murder cases ever known
in New York State culminated to-day in
a confession by Harvey Bruce aged 21,
in the form of a statement to Ms mother
and aunt. The statement is i witnessed by
Mayor Charles Harvey and County Treas
urer George H. Macy. and tells how the
murder of Peter A. Hallenbeck, a wealthy
farmer of Greenport, was committed on
ChrTstmas eve by Bruce. Willis. Burton
and iSed Van Wormer. brothers, aged 13.
20, 23 and 26, all nephews or the murdered
The full purport of the confession wIU
not be made public until Monday at the
Coroner's inquest, but enough has been
told to show that the prisoners, who all
lived in Kindernook. eighteen miles from
the Hallenbeck home, drove to the scene
of the crime, tied their horses at Hallen
beck's barn, went to the rear of the house
In the moonlight, rapped on the door and
when the old man opened it shot him to
death. They fired thirteen shota, eleven
of which penetrated the body. The crimo
was witnessed by Hallenbeck'3 wife and
old mother, the other members of the
family toeinff at Christmas eve services,
less than a mile distant.
Until last autumn the Van Wormer fam
ily lived in a house in Greenport mort
gaged to Hallenbeck. Because he thought
the boys troublesome Hallenbeck fore-
Closed the mortgage and the family was
evicted. This was the basis of tho ill
will held against Hallenbeck.
The mother of the Van Wormera an«1
friends tried hard by testimony before the
Coroner to establish an alibi for them.
The officials had strong circumstantial
evidence asainst them.
Teamster Killed.
Pat McNamee. a teamster, waa fatally
injured on the front yesterday. Ha was
driving a coal cart along Hdward street
when a double- team owned by the Cutter
Draying Company started to run away.
On the corner of Howard and East streets
the horses were brought up by colliding
with McNamee's cart. McNamee waa
thrown out of the vehicle and the horses
trampled all over him. He was taken to
the Harbor Hospital, where everything
possible was done for him. After several
hours of suffering he died and the re
mains were taken to the Morgue.
Later In the day George Dows. the
driver of the runaway team, waa arrested
and charged with manslaughter. He waa
afterward released on $60 cash bail.
Died, at a Ripe Old Age.
Mrs. Minerva R. Craig, widow of thft
late Randolph R. Craig, died of old ago
at the residence of her son, Lee D. Craig.
at 645 Baker street, yesterday morning.
The deceased was born at Versailles, Ky.,
May 18, 1818, and was married in 1S33. She
came to California with her husband in
1852, and was the first whito woman to
take up her residence on American Hill,
at Nevada City. Deceased was the moth
er of six sons and four daughters, and of
these three sons and two daughters sur
vive her.. Arrangements for the funeral
are in progress.
Robbed by a Woman.
John W. O'Brien strolled from tho Win
chester House on Third street to the
Oriental House, 203 Post street, Fri
day afternoon, and there he talked
with a woman. After he left her he dis
covered that four $30 gold-bills, which had
been In a belt around his waist, had been
stolen. He reported the matter to Cap
tain Seymour yesterday and gave him an
accurate description of the woman. An
effort will be made to find her.
Army Mules Hun Away.
A four-mule army team drawing a
coach nearly made trouble on Clay-street
wharf yesterday. The animals started
to run away, but Ed Casey of the Xew
Western Hotel caught the leaders and
managed to swing them In toward the
wall and thus stopped their speed. Then
a number of soldiers ran to Casey's as
sistance and the animals were subdued.
Among the occupants of the coach wer<.>
Mrs. Bush and her sister. Miss Girard,
daughter of Colonel Girard.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Dec. 28.— The Nicar
aguan Congress has been organized and will
assemble January 1 for a sixty days' session
with Santiago Lopes as president.AIM TO PREVENT
RAILWAY MERGER
Governors of Interested
States on the Way to
Montana.
Method of Procedure to Stop
Combine to Be Mapped
Out by Them.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Dec. 2S.— Governor
Van Sant and Attorney General Douglass
left to-night over the Northern Pacific for
Helena to attend the conference of North,
western States on the so-called merger of
railroad Interests. A telegram received by
< Governor Van Sant to-uay announced th«it
Governor Herried of South Dakota, with
the Attorney General of the State, had
started and would be present at the eo-i
ference on Monday. This makes complete
representation from Minnesota, North
Dakota, South Dakota, Montana and
Idaho.
Attorney General Strattcn of Washing
ton has signified his intention of being
present, and a telegram -was sent by Gov
ornor Van Sant to the new Governor,
MeBride. of that State asking him if the
funeral arrangements ttof the late Gov
ernor Rogers and official business per
mitted him to attend also In person. Gov
ernor Van Sant has no plans to announce,
feeling that the object of the conference
is rather to consider what may be done
than for any one person to map out a
method of procedure before consulting
with the representatives of the other
States.
XEW TORK. Dec. £8.— The Xew Tork Sub-
Trea»ury to-<iay purchased a block of $2,5O0,
<XK) of United States Government short term 4
per cent bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK MADE WELL, ~~
WEAK MADE STRONG
Marvelous Elixir of Life Discovered by
Famous Doctor-Scientist That Cures
Every Known Ailment.
Wonderful Cures Are Effected That Seen
Like Miracles Performed — Tbe Secret
' of Long Life of Olden Times
Revived.
The Remedy Is Free to All Who
Send Name and Address.
After years of patient etudy and delving Into
the dusty record of the past, as well u fol-
lowing modern experiments in the realms of
medical science. Dr. James W. Kldd. 1509 First
National Bank bulldine. Fort Wayne, Ind..
siakes the startling announcement that he has
DR. JAMES WILLIAM KIDD.
■crely discovered the elixir of life. That he is
able, -with the aid of a mysterious compound,
known only to himself, produced as a result of
the years he has spent ln searching for this
precious life-giving boon, to cure any and every
disease thai is known to the human body.
There Is no doubt of the doctor's earnestness in
making his claim and the remarkable cures
that he Is daily effecting seem to bear him out
very strongly. His theory which he advances
Is one of reason and based on sound experience
in a medical practice of many years. It costs
Eothing to try his remarkable "Elixir of Life,"
as he calls it. for he 6ends it free, to any one-
who is a sufferer, in sufficient quantities to
convince of its ability to cure, so there Is abso-
lutely no risk to run. Some of the cures cited
are very remarkable, and but for reliable wit-
nesses would hardly be credited. The lame
have thrown away crutches and walked about
after two or three trials of the remedy. The
F.lck. given up by home doctors, have been re-
stored to their families end friends ln perfect
health. Rheumatism, neuralgia, stomach,
heart, liver, kidney; blood and skin diseases
and bladder troubles disappear as by magic.
Headaches, backaches, nervousness, fevers,
consumption, coughs, colds, asthma, catarrh,
bronchitis and all affections of the throat,
lungs or any vital organs are easily overcome
in a space of time that Is simply marvelous.
Partial paralysis, locomotor ata^pt, dropsy,
gout, scrofula and Piles are Quickly and per-
manently removed. It purifies the entire sys-
tem, blood and tissues, restores normal nerve
power, circulation and a state of perfect health
is produced at once. To the doctor all systems
are alike and equally affected by this great
"Elixir of Life." Send for the remedy to-day.
\t Is free to every eufferer. State what you
want to be cured of and the sure remedy for
»it will be sent you free by return mail.
| We are absolutely positive — and
thousands of people ln America are
; just sp positive— that every disease
is attributable to germs and microbes
and that RADAM'S MICROBE
K1LLKH will destroy these germs
and restore the Eystem to Its normal
r vigor. If you have Hheumatism, Ca-
I t»rrh, BronchitiF, Splotches on the
.••ce or impure blood, poor digestion
cr any !!ke d!«ea«-F, RADAM'S
MTm6f n 'R''3 KTT-I/ES will
CURE YOU. JJ1.OO a bottle: *3.<K»
* Jug. RADAM'S MICROBE KILLEU
I CO., 1470 Mifrket street, S. F.
), purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion. complete absorption and
aealthfui regularity.
For th*- cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, liowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
•egularitios. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
ctipation. Piles and all derangements of the
nternal Yiecera, 2&e a box. At Druggists, or
ir mail- RADWAY 4CO.. New Tork. '
LAW TO GOVERN
TRADE COMBINES
President of Anti-Trust
Leaguers Opposes
New Legislation.
Criticizes Recommendations
Made by President in
His Message.
TERRY. Tex., Dec. 2S.— M. I.,. Lock
wood of Zelienople, Pa., president of the
American Anti-Trust League, has given
out a statement in which he criticizes at
length the recommendations made by
President Roosevelt for a. national law to
govern trade combinations. L«ockwood
contends that there is no necessity for
any further legislation on the subject;
that the rigid enforcement of the Sher
man anti-trust law would be sumcie^it to
effectually suppress and restrain hurtful
trade and industrial combinations. He
then says: . . • .
* Does not every one know that these indus
trial combinations have destroyed competition,
have created monopoly and are now fobbing;
the American people of hundreds of millions
of dollars annually to pay dividends on billions
of watered stock, and that some of these divi
dends are 48 per cent annually for water and
all? What more publicity does he want?
Lockwood alleges that the foundation
of all the vast fortunes which have been
built up In trade and manufacturing is
railroad rebates and discriminations, and
refers to the close of the discussion of
the matter In the message, which the
President says that Congress can "profit
by the experience gained by the passage
of the interstate law."
Lockwood further says:
In 1S7S the Independent oil producers of
Pennsylvania began agitation for the passage
of the interstate commerce law. We had in
the lower house of Congress John H. Reagan
of Texas.
For nearly eight years we circulated peti
tions. Reagan finally secured its passage
throug-h the House in such a form as to cure
the evils of railway discrimination, but it was
crippled by the Cullom amendments in the
Senate, 60 that twer.ty-odd years afterward
the chairman of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission testified that "railway discrimination
is universal."
Lockwood alleges that trusts desire
just what is recommended in the message
and that their attorneys advocated it be
fore the Civic Federation Conference. He
says:
"Why is it that these attorneys want to
transfer this question to the seat of the Na
tional Government? The answer is that they
want to get Just as far away from the people
who are being hurt as possible. They know
that the atmosphere is a great deal different
on this question In the Capitol lobbies and in
the hotel lobbies of Washington than it is in
the Stales. And would it not be well for
the President who has sworn to enforce the
laws to have his Attorney General start pro
ceedings in earnest under the provisions of the
Sherman anti-trust law against these trusts
and monopolies and against the illegal railway
combines before he asks for any further Fed
eral legislation on the subject? If he will see
that the laws are faithfully enforced against
these, trusts that have paralyzed all capital
except that which Is willing to go into the
conspiracy and will maintain equal rights to
every American citizen over the highways of
the land in the transportation of his products
he will be surprised to see what a multitude
of "captains of industry" will spring up ready
to give the consumers of America their necessi
ties at competitive prices at 6 per cent profit
upon the actual capital invested. For I say
to him that these "captains of industry" upon
whom he relies do not own a monopoly of
business brains, energy and producing force
of this people. Let him guarantee equal rights
and equal opportunities and the American peo
ple will take care of the trade of the world
Neither will they ask the people at home to
pay ten times the profits upon their necesei
tis at which they are willing to sell the same
goods in foreign countries.
In conclusion Lockwood criticizes the
recent conference of labor and capital at
New York and says:
They have created a kind of supreme court
and have made Senator Hanna chief Justice
thereof; they have set up a kind of govern
ment inside of and independent of the regular
government of the people.
GOVEROTffEUT MUSICIANS MAY
ACCEPT PAID ENGAGEMENTS
Assistant Secretary of the Navy-
Holds That They Can Enguge in
Such Enterprises.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Assistant Sec
retary of the Navy Judge Darling has
addressed a communication to the Secre
tary of the Musicians' Protective Union
of this city in answer to a letter from
that organization protesting against the
members of the United States marine
band accepting or soliciting paid engage
ments and requesting action upon the
subpect. The Assistant Secretary said
that he had examined and considered the
facts and thought that, unless in case of
peculiar or exceptional circumstances or
unless otherwise provided by law, he
should be reluctant to prohibit an em
ploye of the Government from engaging'
in private labor or enterprise when that
engagement does not interfere with the
full prformance of his employment by the
Government. In conclusion Judge Dar
ling said:
"This case is not one of such peculiar
cr exceptional circumstances, and your
request (meaning the union's) is therefore
denied."
DISEASE IS SMALLPOX,
/ SAYS A STATE OFFICIAL
Board of Health Reports His Diag
nosis of the Cases at
Bandsburg.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 28.— Dr. Hanna of
Sacramento, a member of the State Board
of Health, returned from Randsburg this
morning. He states that the epidemic at
that place is smallpox.
A committee has been appointed to take
charge of affairs there. A hall has .been
converted into a pesthouse and every
thing possible will be done to prevent a
spread of the disease. There are about
thirty cases of smallpox of a mild type
ln the infected town. So far no deaths
have resulted.
Borers Find Hot Sulphur Water.
PASO ROBLES, Dec. 28.— At a depth of
400 feet hot sulphur water was struck to
day by well-borers on the property of
the Sperry Flour Company ln this city.
The water commenced to flow during the
night and those first on the scene tl^is
morning were surprised to find a large
quantity pouring over the casing. The
well demonstrates that this section Is In
an artesian belt. The water from the
well will be used for the engine of the
mill, which also furnishes electric light
to the city.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Postmasters
appointed: California— Katie Davidson,
Graniteville, Nevada County, vice Henry
Titter, resigned.
Washington— William L. Richards,
Beach, Whatcom County, vice A. F:
Bowden resigned.
Contract Surgeon J. C. Garlington, now
at Fort Terry, New Tork, is ordered to
San Francisco for transportation to the
Philippines.
Floating Dock a Success.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Admiral Endi
cott of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
received a dispatch to-day from New Or
leans stating that the troubles over the
new floating dock have oeen overcome
and that at 10 o'clock next Monday .morn
ing the dock would be used for the first
time, the collier Sterling being the first
ship to so inside.
Street Riots in Suenos Ayres.
BUENOS ATRES. Dec. 28.— The street
demonstrations was renewed here last
night on Mayo avenue. The police
charged the rioters several times. A few
persons were Injured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
THE EMPORIUM. j TEE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. { THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
~i^T! Liberal price reductions (half In most m-FHSFj i
f^J stances) on all lines of exclusively Holiday J3£" ]
; ZZ^Zs Merchandise; tub' f H^0|||||M suggestive lists uSEj |
I nj^n of goods for Mew i^'^^i^i^mto^y^i Year's Festivi-\ T^ y |
\ y5H°L ties; and some seasonable special offerings from I™":! |
, f tou II neea one \ u m~ \ on the Coast \ 3«
\ fcr^J several departments, , ■ LZZJ j
i Are You Short of We want you to think of this store as the most liberal, and most satisfactory Dainty Settings Ij
[ Wine Glasses? shopping place in California. Our every endeavor has been to make it so. Our busi- for the New \
I Here is a- New Year's suggestion ness has grown to its • present immense proportions, because we have given a better Year's Table. \
» from the glassware : .comment. Better money > s worth than any other store; because of our cheerful willingness at all'times to Danws!l :j
[ th^SS?^S: 7^3 exchange goods or refund the money; because of our constant watchfulness for the gjfc. A, j
[ see if you need any of these: ' comfort and convenience of our patrons; in fact, because of the liberality of all or our do^n / w\ ' 5
k ' — —^ n^ styk thin blown methods. We can and will please you if you will give us the chance to try. ta . ax'a^Vv •$
L<=^ optic glassware that '■ = : l_____ : - S^ ntln isS?^S!5fek 'i
flU !Ei£rr Choicest Groceries^ Liquors, Cigars* SL, <^^^^ I
Jmrj The shapes are entire- . ■ ■ f **♦•"*» *
IW J* new ' When buying your New Year's supplies to-morrow and Tuesday, why pay more lor $6.30; .^^^s^s^^^ A
1A fc>°cL -« a lz C «ffifJ lhosc brands that you always use than the department store prices o! The Emporium. We ««o . .« .97.50 %*** « . $a.7B j
<!S "^Opticg; a s;wir;fG : a"es, oiler the best and the best only.' Do not imagine lhat because prices are low, goods arc interior, n yov arc not a re^u- Da^T^r*tets-aotb, w;th dozen match- 5
\ doz St. 7 5 lar customer in these departments give us. a trial New Year's order to TEST OUR ABILITY to £ive yov the b*st to cat i*io s£. $6.4O **™ set . SG.85 *
\t Optic glass Sherry Glasses, doe . . . 8i*75 an d drinK at a substantial saving over the prices you have been accustomed to paying. 8x14 set $8.75 \
% S££SEw£T£' ' $2 00 Lucca Oil-Crosse&Blackwell's, pint bittles; „ „ Standard Table Fruit-^ lb. tins, full assortment i« Try dothf-Ito-k, horded,. *
i Sj£fiS£S££g: :||:|S Monday. . . \ p . . . ' 34c m J
SSSsS^JrJSi m nt e dtopop,Monda y , 4 , b ,25 C f[ g|JJl ™Stt^^&&£2£ 3 »««^ .' ?f. Tr^I. W
* ! rl' ' Sardines, Penaros-The best imported Boneless Sardines, ) K tfWt ft J clarets, on special sale Monday, per gallon . . . 33 O 35 pch M square $1 .25 3
t Land Ghs ware f^ Monday, per tin . . 21O C H >gI|Bfflffl Kentucky Belle Bourbon-Full Quart bottles, Monday 45 J™J« •*«« £l'£f "!
i verVSS v \ fe=a Atmore-s Mince Meat-Extra quality, 5 lb. pails, on /^/S|i . • • SBO n 5+ •«*" «4«« - • - • - • - S2.3S $
i Tall TLerT Ale P^/^-^ Monday 70O S'HjKSS// Astl Cognac Brandy-Q«lity perfect; quarts . . 650 Da , m " k "jCJ*-*? *? d= ° f lmea » j!
t Glas doz k 7F^ Atmores Mince Meat-In bulk, z lbs 25C SU^M^^A Cyrstallized Rock 'and Rye-Our regular 75 c sdler, l^over from sett, values | 3 . 50 to $ 375 per „,
k WaSS 'l 0 /Uw \/V J— > Seeded Raisins-New goods, 1 lb. packages; 3 package! "(S^^fe^T Monday, bottle • 4SO iozea > choke POW > ?" dozen • • S3.OO A
h* Gold Band Whis- I ll NfP^ 2So W^S^^TW^ Monte Carlo Champagne— A choice sparkfing win* in half — — *,
k ° key Gla«s doz \j[ H\ / Best Fruit Peels— Glace, Orange, Lemon or Citron; lb: pint bottles, just the thing for a New Year » present; a gfjQ NOW CUrfQWS *
i • . $2.00 «=dsb>J!A=J •■' •.• • • '• • 15G -^HS^ limited quantity; single bottles 26O . GnmmSnn Ug»m«a> *
£ Goid Band Whis- Creme de Menihe and other Cordials, put up in fancy decanters, quarts SauteriU — Extra quality, dozen quarts, I4.40; single bottle. . . 4-0 C **** 'OftriuMg MTiGF'l*,. y
£ key Tumblers, doz 8SO £1.50; pints 7SO Burgundy — Extra quality, dozen quarts $4. 20; single bottle.. . . 4-0 O We show to-morrow 2,500 pairs of heavy
£ Gold Band Wine Glasses, doz. . . . $2 15 A. V. H. Oin — The genuine; bottle SI. SO Champion Whiskey — Straight goods; gallon S3.OO thread, xreQ made, prettily patterned new style j
b° Gold Band Claret Glasses, doz . . . $2.4'J Martell Brandy— One Star; bottle $1.4-0 Ftather Run V hi skey— To-day; gallon . . $2*50 Lace Curtains, choice designs in ever/ gnde and J
I Eiderdown Flannel Our Cigar Stand on the main floor inHhe Ttotunda.is one of the few places in th* S&i^SS.^XST "«£ |
Monday Onty—fSCm city a lady can buy smokers' supplies for her New Year s hole. Department store iodgu* and apartment houses win do we u to 5
I Choice of our entire line of 26-inch prices here as well aselsewhere in the store. v a . ... 7B0 \
£' Eiderdown Flannels in solid colors, A box of ioo Humboldts, Belmonts, La Sivad and other well known A I3.00 box of 2$ large Havana Cigars, costs here $2*10 500 pairs, 3^ yds. by 45 inches . . $1.OO «
I? , ,. c • , ' I2}£c Cigars, that would cost you elsewhere $11.00, costs here A *i. 00 box of 12 General Arthur Havana Cigars for . . . . QOO 500 pairs, 3^ yds. by 54 inches . .$1,25 5
t JUSt the thing for warm Winter n 6 » > * . . XB.OO Medium size Clear Havana Cigars, box of 50 . I. . . . .$2.00 500 pairs, 3 g yis. by 60 inche, . . $1 .%% >
fc wraps, instead of 30c per yard, to- a Ji. 15 box of 25 Renown Cigars, one of the most popular brands of All 5C Cigars, 7 for ♦ 2&O *5o pairi, 3^ yds. by 54 inches . . $2,OO f,
t morrow only, iSO 5c goods, costs here QQq AM "Bit" GigirS, Oaph . . . . I fOo 250 pairs, iy 2 yds, by 54 inches . . $2.50 J
\ Half Price Sale Holiday Gas Heaters Hurt Books at Gut Prices. |
t : M^BiTidf^fflic? ° n Jic% Some hundreds of books that have been slightly soiled : !
* ' iWOVeaSS®®* < Plf A han fMI r \ eater in window display and on counters during our great ';
"f On Monday and Tuesday the balance Of all eXClUSlVe f"-gp 6hape as - m p; cture> stands Holiday rush, but otherwise in perfect condition. On special sale to-morrow 3
i Holiday Novelties Will be SOld at exactly one-half regula y f |s 18 inches high, diameter of and while quantity lasts at Reductions 'varying from one-third to one-hall ovr \
t : prices to close them out immediately. " Among the many Lji Ae^Jr£S r^ !ar priccs - The »»<»^«t comprises Books from ail our different stocks J
i prettv and useful articles included in this offering are: — 3»£«:iy§ made, worth a quarter more BooKs of Fiction. Reference Books. 3J
I Ash Trays NccKtie Boxes j££3"y*i ToyBooto. BooKs ol Poetry. \
t : Smoker Sets Thermometers • * on 'y- &*»&* Juvenile BooKs. Bibles and Prayer Books. j
i Fancy Pen Wipers Photograph Stands sn s k C raS a . nm ~ Thc . I f .^ &S 7oo 6i!t Books# Educational BooKs. 5
i Fancy Tape Measures Hand-painted Drapes caiiustro Bags— usually i 5 c,* our ? ncc..ioc Bear in mind that the reductions are from one-third* to j
j Ink Stands Bag Frames ££ fEfifi£^i$J& •' ' •' 1 3o one-half oi the Emporium's regular lowest ol book pricey j
C Match Safes Hand-embroidered Linens worid-s Fair TooV>d«*, box.*. . .'.ir © ~ ~ ~~ : ~~ ~~ — • \
;: Jewelry Boxes Hand-embroidered Cushions 2 f%Z Sale Manufacturer's Loom ]
i. Fancy KnicK-KnacK Boxes Salad Seis - Im P° rtgd carved wood - • £ n€ g s Q f Qofi Weave Ribbons. '
t All Calendars and Christmas Cards, including some of the Men's Holiday . )
f prettiest designs of the foreign, Eastern and local artists, furnishing Goods, bJhL. We begin to " morrow morn *ng j
I everything that we have left instock in fact, your choice Y ouwais U reiy need anew necktie or gwes fOlKi the sale of a large lot of extra qual- 3
i Mr\nr\o\r onH TnPQrlflV £lt half DFICC. ** • ' or muffler before starting on your round of New E,yUwI yV^Vj^A^^V f?NTfSpc 3
j MOnaay ana lUeSCiay dl tiail y»^ Year'scalls. Read over this brief list, and see /fW\\\^"^ '*7 "*■ Weave ribbons, mostly short lengths i
i ; ~ ' " if ibm is "y in whlch *"■ de P artment JU h\ \\ I V (manufacturer's loom ends) ; a fine lot of goods; J
\ W®r\f SMSS^SaffBSSai B^rSGe Men's Neckwear— Some new and very nobby jf J> ft H J B I \_ with fcw exceptions in perfect condition; all 3
t f9~»~jr».*»*r*» M «» Winter effects-inPerisna and figured patterns ffl /T f J/ Q K\ \W widths, from I \£ to 6 inches, and in a good 3
% nGSiUGsSOiiSa — ln the narrow Dcrb y tle have J ust been re - H7 \\ *k w a \ \.™ r 3 • ., , . , 3
* ■■■ww»»«r—w«w .ceived by express from New York. Erclu- ' M H u D \l_\P assortment of desirable colorings, such as white, 1
I Furniture, Carpets and Rugs. r re^ e it h San W0U . ld . a . sk . yo . u sog ®d \sm%^B*p bk - bInc > caxdi »* - d bkck - at ™ l ? o»e- \
I We have reduced the prices from 20 to 40 per cent Wt^^^^Z^^VZ half of f regular prices. ]
on fiftv-four articles in the Furniture Depart- good reliable P er pair . . . .250 10c Ribbons for 5c yd 50c Ribbons for 29c yd •
I ment (samples), of which we have only one of a kind. ' 5C S ons ? r & O7 t 6oc 5S°- ? r 22°l1 3
h This lot includes Rockers, Chairs, Bedroom Suits, Dress- m ; ' • y .....''..... .$usp 2 Z^Z S Z 1%V\ 7S ° -...Mo yd ]
*' i'nrr ToKi^c Hoclzc Pnmhin^tinn I ihrarv Cz^pq. nHH Mens Suspenders— Nice silk web, ejther ' phm 35c Kibbons lor 23Cy<* 1
j? ing lables, UesKs, uomDinauondiiu LiDrary leases, oaa or fancr> 6terling & ver Md plated __ __
$ pieces of . Parlor Furniture and Couches. In the Carpet p* . . . . . . . . . $1 so B3**mnant Sale* #1#*#»oa fSnnirM^ '
Wfinn tiro nii^fA enmp Hppnlv rut nrpinvpntnrv nrirp<i- Bath Robts— Good quai.ty Blanket Robe, OTS (&M3BgM&inS &*Si(& BJITGS& UZOOIX2& 1
k - aeCUOn We qUOte SOme aeepiy CUL preillVeniOry priCeS, nicely made and finished, in gray with red and a jo m m ff n "
% Bedroom Svitc-Likc pic- blue stri P « $5.OO B¥$G&Mi$ia\J €^FBS3 BUQSila^m *'?
S" j^»rr- /jf?^^7*»^ ,— *^* t tfll /¥&&* ture heavy Golden ens Underwear— Derby ribbed, form-fitting ** r «^ •
S W^^^^^^m G&fzmBIIX Oa'k with pattern wool, in a nice shade of salmon P ink, mceiy The December sale of Black^and Colored Dress Goods " :
\ J «i French P iate mirror, mfeai^^ p" p"""' ■ • • 77 ° Remnants begins to-morrow morning at 8 and lasts until ]
\ ; f Wmm regularly 4 o . o o , This Rfl&BS$iQ 9 $<&c closing time Tuesday. In this lot of Remnants there are ; :
g > \ji^^-^^'^Z'* y5H*S"*\ " m ' \V this week They sre the new style double . about 600 pieces of Henriettas, Albatros, Striped Waisdngs, Prunellas, Granites, •'
t '< &5^~ -^^(J^^^S ' Vtr-^tsk^^M $£^$'8 7^1 Jrame and cap MantIes for f^O Plaids> CioaIcin g s > GoIf Skirting and other cloths, and some snaps in black, j
tf ■' ]\ C^^^^^^^^ *$P*9 M o M %9u Welsbach lights. They /!m P Ja ' n and *«"T suitings. All of these Remnants were marked at reduced i
jj" . _Z^^^% Dressing Table — Either hang in center of frame, and f$ prices as soon as they became remnants and for to-morrow and Tuesday we 3
* l^^^m^^^^vJ^^^^^^M' - Goldcn Oak or Ma - the frame does not bend make a stiil furthcr rcduction of QnG—Oaiar*tf*a* fllff : -
$ bdk^^M^mw-^^ |j|lgp|gg||l hogany finish, with from heat; any child can £ ****** ******* g«yg <U>M£i, ..
I : y?^V^^ I ' '-JLJ^MSStt "' P' atc mirror, 18x20 put them on. Would be a M g>* ~Z «-» Z . M . Z ~ZZ ~ :
'^^ffl I^Sl^l' ;^^^^^' inCh "' • great big value at 2oc-the j^j GSJJS JPrMCeS ##» (&§OSZk UOptm
\ lL^l^^^ailP^^^^ $f@a9@* Sf PHCe /4! . j4fik Prices cut away down this week. Stock is large,
% lqjJ^"^L, 'ChtHonier— Golden Gh * MS f V^7 assortments splendid, and the bargains big.
I Oak, with plate mirror 16x26 inches,- a well-made, gfe*^ JWtS «« SnOBf mUSMGm J&< At $9^5 Instead of $I2.50-For an aD-wool tan and gray CoTert. j
$ 1 8.OO piece of furniture, this week *JP**9m*r*ff NCW £*ti&S5Q*3$IOFdSm fi\\ three-quarter $12.50 Coat, with yoke; this week . 5
If Bedroom Chair — Hand-polished, cane seat, special this g9a>ff iQ»/?» Have you heard any of these? If not /p* n **1 ! • • &9*95 \
* week *jpBa&$Jr let our piano player try them over ll P / At $4-95 instead of $7.50, $10.00 and $12.50— For finest Cape J
? Parlor Table l-Hand^poii^ ~ n For you. They, arc among the iWM COTerin§ "^ '"* ""*' *"" $4.95 S
I t0 P 2 4^hcs square, regularly J5.00 special thi; week.. &&*&?{ latest 50c publications of popular UT^hf At $17-95 Instead of $k*C0-For » fine' Oxford Gray^ac 00 j
K- Parlor Docker— Saddle seat, polished Golden Oak, pretty tf**m £%g~ music, which we retail *}Bff* Wf Q TaDor Dress like picture, Telvet trimmed and beanti- - * * /
If design, very durable, worth $6.00, special this week <^^r2V«l regularly,, per copy.... mm**** Yl ltt\ fully made; this week zB*7m35 J
t Tapestry Garnet — A heavy and durable quality in a large varittv of "Baby Mine" ■ /Si /lft\ At 73c instead of $1.25— For a fincy Flannelette Waist, _ '
I patK , nv social, his w«k,.p 5 r y ,rd 5 4 O ., Gmi "^t^ £? G^: /L\ I \\ *+, ntZ!«llo7*X L\ ,V ' ,' ,' "r S I
Boxbary topcb-The ftlllinc, your choice per yard 7So jji. Mr. U- c- . W- »*4=U "£g££l£ S^fSTJl?- 3" '".
Amtaters-B^iful designs .nd colorings, per yard $1m1S '^5^B^ 3S£o£| "° Jf If J\ '"°"; f ?* " • " 1, ' • V St4.95 >
f L'noleum — 1 2 feet wide, extra quality, per yard. . Rd!Ln> "Melancholy Mose" . >LM /}?**&** 95c instead or ?!.25 and $1.50— For a lot of splendid Flannelette {
t ■ ■«. o a All 1 1 e • " n • 1* "l!Jr "Marv Carev Born in Tiooerarv" XJWMIir |i. 15 and I1.50 Wrappew, lined waists and fiaehr made: -» "". : {
\ Smyrna Rugs— All-wool, new line of patterns, size 30x60 inches. $2.40 Annie Moore" *> this week 95c I
SHORTAGE IS DISCOVERED
IN TEXAS HEALTH OFFICE
Governor Sayres. Will Not Issue a
Statement Until After the Books
Have»Been Experted.
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 28.— A shortage has
been discovered in the State- Health De
partment. State Revenue Agent Joe L.ee
Jameson is checking up the accounts of
the office, but he has not yet completed
his work. Governor Sayres said to-night
that the amount of the shortage is not
yet known, .and that no official statement
would be given out until the examination
is completed. It is reported, however,
that the shortage In the accounts
amounts to a large sum. No blame is at
tached to Dr. W. F. Blunt, who resigned
his position as State Health Officer seve
ral weeks ago on account of ill. health.
Dr. I. J. Jones, secretary of the depart
ment, who has charge of the accounts,
has been absent from Austin for several
t
weeks and is reported to be in South
America.
Despondency Leads to Suicide.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Dec. 28.— Willlara A.
Llndeke, formerly a prosperous local dry
goods merchant, shot and killed himself
at an undertaking establishment this af
ternoon. Despondency Is believed to have
caused the act. He left a letter declaring
that he intended to commit suicide.
New Year's Presents,
Such as Water Colors, Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, Gold Clocks, Candle
sticks, Candelabra, Dress Suit Cases,
Trunks, Valises, Cameras, Pocketbooks,
Fountain Pens, Pictures and Frames.
Best values in every department. Visi
tors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. • •
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— President Roose
velt to-day received a delegation of twenty
flve representatives of the Confederation of
Graduate Clubs, now holding a convention in
this city. -
PROMINENT NAPA MAN
IS CALLED BY DEATH
Henry Knapp, Well Known in Poli-
tics and Once Mentioned for
Governor, Passes Away.
NAPA, Dec. 28.— Henry Hay Knapp, a
native of New Tork, aged. 69 years, died
last- night from heart disease. VHe emi
grated to California in 1852. About 1860
he established a lumber business at Napa
and acquired a large fortune. He was
manager of the James H. Goodman Com
pany Bank and president of the Napa
City Water Company. He was a past
grand high priest, R. A. M., and past
grand junior warden, F. A. M. In poli
tics he was a Republican, and for 'many
years was prominent in - party conven
tions. At one time he was mentioned for
the governorship.
Citizens Lynch a Negro.
RALEIGH, N. C, Dec. 23.— While Gov-
ernor Aycock was signing an order for
a special court at Northampton to try
Peter Mitchell, a negro, for assaulting
Mrs. Lucinda Hill, a white woman, a tele
gram came saying that citizens had taken
Mitchell from the Jail at Jackson" and
lynched him.
Million Dollar Fir© in Mexico.
AUSTIN, Tex.,' Dec. 23.— A dispatch
from Oaxaca, Mexico, says one of the
most disastrous fires ln the history of
Southeastern Mexico has Just occurred at
the port of Progreso. The warehouses of
Echanove Brothers and other large ex
porters were burned and more, than a mil
lion dollars' worth of hemp which wa3
awaiting exportation was destroyed. The
losses are partly covered by insurance.
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens," $2.50 to $10,
and sole agents for the "Marshall," the
best $1 Fountain Pen In the world. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
TWO MEN LOSE THEIB -
LIVES LN A TEXAS FIBe
An Aged Physician Is Burned ta
Death and Falling 1 Walla Kill
a Bystander.
DALLAS, Tex., Dec. 28.— News of a. dis
astrous fire at Calvert, Tex., reached
Dallas to-day. Two lives were lost and
two men were seriously Injured by fall
ing walls. Property losa, $150,000. The
dead:
DR. C. C. GARRETT. 83 years ofa
burned to death.
I. OSCAR, killed by falling wall.
The Injured: Daniel Lavine and H. Ry
man, both caught under falling walla;
seriously:
The fire started in the front end of one
of the * two general stores of Callott,
Adoue.& Fisher. The buildings and con
tents were destroyed. The shoe storo of
O. . Peitsch, the Jewelry establishment of
H. Ryman and six smaller merchandise
establishments were also destroyed.
2122
UNKNOWN OVERTURE
BY MOZART IS
DISCOVERED BY MAR BY.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
FROM Paris, via the current number
of the Musical Courier, comes the
astounding statement of the re
cent discovery of an .unknown
"Verture for grand orchestra" by
Mozart, in the library of the Paris
Conservatory. The treasure trove was
found .by G. Marby, the conductor of the
Conservatory concerts, while looking
through a- quantity of manuscript music,
and seems to bear all the earmarks of
authenticity. M. Marby's joy may be
imagined when, on turning over curiously
some yellowed and dusty sheets, appar
ently the orchestral parts of some for
gotten eighteenth century composition,
he came upon the following inscription in
French: "Overture for grand orchestra,
by Mozart, Paris. Printed and published
by the Conservatory Press, 152 Fau
bourg Polssonlere."
Now it appears that evidence that such
a work was sold by Mozart to a conductor
in Paris is contained in a letter written
by the musician to his father on October
3. 1778. He says: "Le Gros, director of
the Concerts Spirituel, has bought from
me the two overtures (symphonies), and
the Concertante Symphony." One, only,
of these overtures is known to the or
chestral world to-day. It was rewritten
and published in Germany. The Paris
find, says M. Tierrot, the famous French
critic, is the other. •
How it comes about .that the work has
lain in the placid dust for a long century
and a score of years no one seems to
know. An enterprising housemaid would
have long ago settled its fate In any less
classical surrounding. Naturally, also,
one wonders where the librarian of the
Conservatory was during the 123 years
of Its disappearance. Still, It is to be
thankful that the overture has been pre
served at all, by strange chance, though
•to be sure the score is lacking. The or
chestral parts, however, are complete,
and M. Maxby has been able to recon-
Jrtruct the score from. them. Apparently
the music had never been used, and it is
curious to think that the overture was
first heard 123 years after it was written.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. L. Bond, a merchant of Ukiah, regis
tered at the Occidental yesterday.
W. H. Nichols, a grain merchant of
CourtUend, is a guest at the Grand.
Frank R. Weke, District Attorney of
Sierra County, is a guest at the Lick.
John Ross Jr., a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is among the arrivals at the Lick.
Joseph Craig, proprietor of Highland
Springs, is staying at the Grand with his
wife.
W. P. Lynch and L. J. Hohl, both min
ing men of Oroville, are registered at the
Lick.
C. A. Canflcld, an oil man of Los An
geles, is up here on business and is stay
ing at the Palace.
Phillip* B. Frazier. president of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Stock
ton, is at the Palace.
J. S. Becker, a music teacher of Sacra
mento, is down here for a few days and
is slaying at the$Grand
F. C. Zenalta, a mining man who owns
large properties in Mexico, is down from
Kin Juan and is staying at the Grand
Lynn Austin, form«ny artist of The
Call, but now superintendent of the Souls
by mine in Tuolumne County, Is visiting
his relatives in the city.
Japanese Are Growing.
The increase of stature among the Jap
anese Is very preceptlble, and the substi
tution of tepid and even cold water for
the hot baths among, many of the people
is responsible for an increasing floridlty
of the complexion. Before the advent of
military discipline on European models
the Japanese were notable as the small
est necked race In the world, a firm of
London collar makers with a large trade
in Japan asserting that thirteen inches
was the normal circumference of a full
grown Japanese throat. In a little over
twenty years, owing to a more athletic de
velopment, the average has risen an inch
and a half. To athletic development
should also be added greater avoirdupois,
inasmuch as a more generous dirt, and
abstention from parboiling Is bringing Its
reward in an accumulation of muscle and
tissue.
CLEVER SAN FRANCISCO MUSI
CIAN WHO HAS RETURNED
HOME FROM ABROAD.
It -was played on Sunday, November 24,
at the Paris Conservatory.
The Paris correspondent .of the Courier
says that the overture is thoroughly
Mozartean In character; also that It is
Mozart tempered slightly by the French
school— a delightfully naive confession of
French vanity! He further says that the
orchestration is "that of Mozart's other
works written for the grand orchestra."
It should be said that the overture con
sists of a short solo andante for the
oboe, and an allegro spirituoso. As to
the artistic quality of the^ work the cor
respondent has nothing to say, neither of
its reception by the Parisian critics. Mr.
Steindorff will no doubt soon give us op
portunity of hearing it for ourselves?
Things are slow in the musical world
just now, outside of the excellent relig
ious music that has been heard in many
of the churches this week. There has
been nothing at all of public note
beyond that. Last week there was
a private recital of organ and piano music
given by Marshall W. Giselmann. a young
student who has just returned here from
London after two years* study, that must
have been interesting. I did not hear the
recital, but have since had the pleasure
of hearing Mr. Giselmann in the same
numbers, and find him an ardent student,
with an abundant temperament and a
considerable measure of technical achieve
ment. He plays the usual things— Bach,
Mendelssohn, Widor compositions— with
Some new works by new men, and shows
throughout a fine enthusiasm for his art.
I do not particularly ' .e his schooling
and think the talented young man could
better himself on his resumption of study
even here In his own city, and certainly
in Chicago, with Middelschulte, not to
speak of Widor and Vlerne in Paris. He
has the attractive attributes of modesty
and industry and speaks of a long five
years of study before him before he shall
be able to do big things, with the humil
ity of the true student. But he needs
right direction, a school in which the
solid values are jiot sacrificed to bril
liance, where the frame Is firm, the joints
clean and the rest will come of itself.
Mr. Giselmann's best number was the
"Toccata" from Widor's fifth symphony,
but he gave with considerable aplomb the
G minor Fantasia and Fugue of Bach,
a Fantasle by Sjogren, a pretty "Pas
torale" of Lemare's and a few other num
bers. He also plays the piano well, is a
Student of harmony and has generally
gone the right way to equip himself for
a musical career. Trotter, the organist of
London, has been his teacher hitherto.
Next week comes the second symphony
concert with an excellent programme,
then Hofmann, the famous pianist. Nor
dica will follow shortly after, which is
all very good to look forward to.
A CHANCE TO SMILfc".
Mrs. Gaswell— The Czar of Russia now
has four daughters. j
Mr. Gaswell— O, the dear little Czar
dines !— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
"John, how dare you come home at 1
o'clock in the morning?"
"W-w-w-h-y, Mary— hie— y' can't 'spect
me t' stay out all night— hic-^m dollar'n
forty shentsch, c'n y'?"— Denver Times.
"I believe in calling a spade a spade."
"Yes, I do, too; that Is, unless it has
a snow scene painted on it, and a red
ribbon tied on Its handle— then I'd call It
an 'atrocity.' " — Chicago Times-Herald.
"What are you doing there?" cried the
farm dog as he observed the hen in the
coal bin.
"Oh, I thought this was a good time to
lay In coal," cackled the hen.—Phila
delphia Press. *
"What a dreary bore this long journey
is!" exclaimed the man In the white flan
nel suit.
"Why, I thought you were taking this
trip for pleasure," commented the other
man.
"I am— for the pleasure of my wife and
daughters."— Pittsburg Press.
"Have a care, sir!" shrieked the Lead
ing Lady to the Heavy Villain, while she
tried to pull her train around where the
calcium light would strike; It. '
"No, thanks," hissed the Heavy Villain,
"I've just had one." ; - ; . ■ ■
True, he had just secured his divorce the
day before, but It was so unlike him to
drag his family affairs to the front in
this manner. — Baltimore American.
The demure wife had some business
downtown and she accidentally happened
in at her husband's Just as hubby
was, for some reason or other, measuring
the circumference of his pretty type
writer's new shirtwaist '■".'",
"Why, John, I'm surprised!" said the
wife.
""Well, you're no more surprised than I
am!" said the husband.— Tonkers States
man.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
THE SAN FRANGISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to W. ' S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY -.;-.;.; . . , . ; DECEMBER 29. 1901
Publication Office . . < *3§?!§§j|i&> ••• Market and Third, S. F.
AN EXPLODED ISSUE.
CONGRESSMAN GROSVENOR'S letter to The Call 'on the subject of the Chinese
exclusion act affords the public a double satisfaction, for it not only gives assurance
that Congress is well nigh solid for exclusion, but exposes the falseness of the preten
v sions of the men who have been trj'ing to make out of the issue a good deal of political
capital for themselves. It confirms the statements of iThe Call that there is no doubt^whateyer of
the passage of an exclusion act, and no need at all for Californians or anybody else to send com
mittees to Washington to urge action.
Mr. Grosvenor deals with the issue tersely and tartly. He says: . "I am in favor of the ex-;
tension of the Chinese exclusion act, and I do" not know anybody in Congress who is not, and I
do not know anybody who has not been in favor of it all the time." Referring to the attempts
of politicians, demagogues and yellow journals to make an issue out of the matter 'and to pose as
the champions of the people, the Congressman says: "This whole hullabaloo that has been caused
all over the country by a lot of meetings and committees and traveling hippodromes is finally to
have it said after all" is over that 'We did it/ and that 'It was public pressure that did it.' It is
all simply so much nonsense."
The public of California will readily recognize the truth of that description of some of the
leaders in the agitation. It was easy to arrange for anti-Chinese conventions and meetings, for
the people are well nigh unanimous on the subject, and are prompt to declare themselves upon it.
Such meetings, held in good faith, were taken advantage of by the hippodromers, who managed
to get themselves appointed on committees to manage the fight, to raise money and to spend it, to
go to Washington and to do forty other things at the public expense, so that when all is over .
they could say "We did it!" The hippodrome, however, has not been so successfulas the leaders ■
expected. The poll taken by The Call immediately upon the assembling of Congress showed
there was no danger in the situation, and the attempt of the hippodromers to work up a sensa
tion was a failure.
In concluding his letter to The Call Mr. Grosvenor sums up the whole situation by say
ing: "Congress will take care of the question. There is no doubt about it and never has been any
doubt about it; and there never was a time when ten members of eitlier house of Congress were
not in favor of it."
That ought to settle the question even in. the minds of those who were, most deluded by
the spectacular play of the hippodrome. The various committees who volunteered to undertake,
at the expense qi the public, to put pressure on Congress might as well retire from public view.
They may be needed somewhere to do some kind of work, but they are not needed to make a fight
for Chinese exclusion. That issue is settled, and the Republican majority in the House and the
Senate,.. together witl^ the Republican President, will take care of it.
THOSE GREEK STUDENTS
THE riots in Athens have ceased, and that ancient city is no longer a storm center for
news. The students who survived the violence they incited have returned to their tasks,
and the Cabinet, which was shaken to disintegration, has resumed its duties and is attending
to the government of the little kingdom.
The strife was caused by ihe proposition to translate the Bible into modern Greek, the lan
guage of the masses. As The Call commented on the cause of the outbreak at the time, we are
interested in the correspondence which has been addressed to us on the subject. It is quite im
pressive that in this country there should be so much knowledge and so much interest in the
seemingly trivial cause of such an outbreak of disorder. One writer sends to us the statement of Pro
fessor Achilles Rose to the effect that the Greek language of the educated classes, taught in the
schools and colleges, is pure Greek, the ancient and immortal tongue in which Demosthenes
uttered his orations and Homer wrote. Protected against invasion by foreign or modern words,
by their prompt extirpation whenever they appear, the language is declared to be the classical
Greek, though not spoken in its purity by the masses of the people. Professor Rose admits that
even in its ancient prime classical speaking and writing was the rare exception. As for "the new
Greek" he declares that we might- as well call the Bowery dialect "modern English," and that
the Bible into new Greek would be just like transforming the King James version,
which is in the English of Shakespeare, into the Bowery slang. While the fact is doubtless known
to scholars, it is information for the non-scholastic that classical Greek is still the spoken lan
guage of the Hellenes. The ancient languages have been superseded by the same processes that
have displaced the civilizations of which they were a part. The Greek tongue evolved from the
speech of the tribes which confederated in that most remarkable commonwealth, but in the
process it doubtless received accessions from Sanscrit, Egyptian, Turanian"} and the languages
which preceded it. Greece took the Egyptian philosophy as part of its material, and when Plato
lived in the city of On, and studied the lore of Egypt, he no doubt realised the obligation of his
language to the elder speech. The question -of present interest is whether classical Greek is
exactly adapted to the expression of modern life. A language does not pass out of use without
some reason, and admitting that the tongue in which Xenophon wrote is still* familiar to the few,
its disuse by the many seems to prove that a more convenient vehicle of thought has become
necessary. In this we by no means surrender our conviction that classical Greek was the ©Teat*
est language ever spoken by man. Lfitin was indebted to it for nearly all its literary quality and
its fitness for expressing the terms of science, and, next to Anglo-Saxon, the best element in
modern English is Greek. But this genuine respect for the dead language has but little to do
with the contention of the students and the riot and bloodshed which it caused.
The Christian theory being that the Bible is an inspired guide to life, the missionaries of all
sects have translated it into many languages in order that the plan- of salvation might be known
of men. It has been translated into our American Indian dialects, and into the numerous primi
tive tongues of Africa and Asia. The purpose of such translations is spiritual and not scholastic.
The purpose of a translation into new Greek was not to spread secular knowledge, but spiritual
light. We may easily see that the scholar looks with indifference upon Eliot's Indian Bible, and
that the purists of , Harvard and Oxford feel no interest in a Dahomey version of the Gospels.
-But the spiritual guides and teachers of the race have an entirely different feeling. | They will say
at once that if the mass of Greeks are living in ignorance of the inspired word, because it is writ
ten in a language that is no more than a hieroglyph to them, their spiritual peril is so great
that devotion to a dead language should not stand in the way of their rescue.
Paul preached to the Athenians once, and amdng his sayings is this: "For the Jews require
a sign and the Greeks seek after wisdom; but we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumb
ling block, and unto the Greeks foolishness." / \ .
Perhaps the Apostle to the Gentiles had a prevision of this year of grace, when the Greeks,
still seeking after wisdom, fought to the death over a question of the purity of speech, regard
ing purity of spirit as foolishness.
It seems to be conceded that Congress will grant pensions to Mrs. McKinley and Mrs.
Harrison. Each of them is fairly rich and has no need of a larger income, but there is sentiment in
the case, ond where sentiment and pensions are united Congress finds the* combination
irresistible. K
The Shasta County farmer who has bought a coffin for himself and deposited with an under
taker sufficient money to pay his funeral expenses will probably live lon'ger than the undertaker
and niay have to sell the coffin to get money to sue for a recovery of the deposit.
It is said the trial of the Modoc lynching case threatens to bankrupt the county, and prob
ably even if no one\be convicted the people will find that lynching comes so high they will not try
it again unless they have a surplus in. the treasury. . . *" ~~
With fearful sea storms to the north of- us and terrific sand storms to the south of us we
may cpngratulate ourselves on our fortunate situation in the golden center of things around which
storms may rage but cannot enter. , •'.. ■
The Panama company has made a much better offer than ; was contained in its first
proposition to Uncle Sam to buy its canal, and perhaps by waiting' a little we might get the
. ..Every one rejoices in the sunshine. and the. liberality we have had during the Christmas
season, but now most people would be glad to find some change in the weather and in their
pockets.
MAN NERING ESSAYS
CAMILLE TO
DISPLAY HER TALENTS.
NOT since the summer harvest of
plays has so well-balanced and
competent a company been seen
here as that which Mary Manner
ing brings with her In "Janice
Meredith." They have succeeded In mak
ing the play go, and no further test of
capacity need be asked. They have fur
ther succeeded h* making it attractive
and enjoyable to a large proportion of the
large audiences that have greeted it at
the Columbia. They have done every
thing possible for the play, even to the
smallest detail, from Miss Mannering
down to the fascinated. soldier who just
smiles for his supper. More than that,
they have unconsciously and with mis
chievous intent deluded their good-na
tured audiences into ■ the belief that the
play is a good one. The staging, too, is
very effective and the stage management
without a flaw, so, granting all these good
things,' what's the odds if the audience Is
happy?
Mr. Ford has been incredibly fortunate
In persuading Miss Mannering to picture
his wonderful heroine. The difficult Illu
sion of a girl sufficiently beautiful and be
witching to captivate everything in the
masculine line that comes into her orbit
is thus carried off with victorious plausi
bility, for Mary Mannering Is among the
loveliest and most charming of the
younger women stars. She has grown
considerably in her art since her last visit
here, a steady progress upon right lines,
and she has not yet reached her limit.
Indeed, she has hardly yet crossed the
line that divides the leading lady from
the star, though she is fast nearing the
.confines of the flrmamental domain. Her
work is still a little rigid In line and lack
ing a trifle of lightness in the handling,
a little depth in the quality. To l^r is
yet to come the last freedom, grip, au
thority; but that she will arrive is
certain, for her present achievement Is
big with promise. She has conscience and
Industry and numbers but a score and five
years to her pretty name. Miss Manner
ing's work has substance and roundness,
charm, finish, repose and individuality.
It is easily likely, therefore, that the
years will add the necessary elasticity
and grip. •
Thursday afternoon next will afford a
valued opportunity to see Miss Mannering
in a new light. Playing In "Janice Mere
dith" to please her management, proba
bly to please herself the charming ac
tress will essay the title role in "Camllle."
It will be the first time that she has at
tempted the part, therefore an occasion
of peculiar Interest. The support Is sure
to be good. Drouet will appear as Ar
mand — that bete noire cf most actors. H
S. Northrup and Charles Cherry are also
In the cast and Miss Amy Ricard— the pi
quant Ingenue of the current bill, Tabltha
Drinker-will be Nu -Ine.
Maurice Maeterlinck's betrothal to a
young, beautiful and capricious Parisian
opera singer. Georgette Leblanc, is cre
ating a small sensation in Paris just now.
Joe Welch, the light of the Orpheum
"road show" this week, is one of
tho wild joys of living. He Is
almost criminally funny and one o'
the keenest, kfndest mimics that ever
footed the stage. As every one knows he
impersonates a Hebrew tailor. His
method 13 as simple as it Is effective
He does not depend for his effects on the
colossal nose and ; fortissimo check suit
that his kind usually affect, nor on fie
flapping hand and "already yets" of the
average Jew impersonator. Neither are
the more. familiarly exploited character
istics of the Jewish make-up as the. comic
paper 3 have It those that Welch chooses to
portray, but for queer lifellkenesa. con*
fident, subtle, easy and ravishlngly funnv
portraiture he "beats the 'band "Hi.
material is as funny as his methods, and
as original and queerly simple. It is both
what he says and how h e say9 t tnat
the law, on his way to the County Jail
in the "Black Maria," handcuffed t«i
gentleman who l 3 about to ••£»■•♦
years The little Hebrew thlnktaj to chS
his disconsolate partner ta\ isYoXSl
BY GUISARD.
FAMOUS STAR WHO IS AP
. PEAKING AT THE COLUMBIA
THIS WEEK.
timidly asks him If he also is In for "nut
ting."' The burly ruffian condescendingly
informs him that he is In for "putting
a dent In a gent's nut!"— the slang slip
ping off Welch's tongue with an irresist
ible Innocence. Then he asks the slinguist
to translate, but only gets the reply from
the insulted person that he will immedi
ately Illustrate what he meant as soon
as his hands are free. The Hebrew, en
lightened, desist3, then informs his form
idable associate that he Is in for ten days,
though he doesn't know why.
"Ten days! Ah, forget it, forget it! X
could do dat standin' on my head," says
the other, scornfully.
• • •
A little late In arriving; but very well
worth waiting for, is the Christmas num
ber of The Dramatic Mirror. The cover,
designed by Sewell Collins, is a particu
larly attractive affair, but there is a
sketch by John Clay that carries off chief
honors. The Clay drawing is a stunning
bit of work. It is a sketch of a shabby
genteel, cheerful, picturesque old fluta
player, playing a Christmas carol on his
beloved instrument and every clever Una
of it is instinct with life and character.
Henry Mayer has a Plnero caricature that
bears every evidence of being an excellent
likeness. M. Mars and Marcel Capy con
tribute a quintet of sparkling bits of pen
work from Paris. Then there are any
number qftgood halftone portraits of the
theatrical brethren, special articles.
Christmas stories and all the usual merry
truck of the season. It Is a good number.
: • I'.** *
The Christmas number of the New York
Dramatic News is another publication of
much merit. There are scores or stunning
halftone portraits of the more famous'
dramatic lights of the day. Including a
beauty of Mary Mannering, and the pret
tiest of Julia Marlowe that has crossed\
the Rockies for some time. There are all
sorts of good reading matter, articles by
Sir Henry Irving. Mary Mannering Co
quelin. William Gillette and others of
lesser fame contained in the ninety pages
of the big number as well as all the cur
rent news.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy.
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a. •
Special information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Pureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-,
gomery street. Telephone tUaln 1042. •
The average man would rather have
his wife act like the devil and look lik«
? n v. an^ el tnan to act like an angel ami
look Uke the devil.— New Tork Press.
A Cure for th« Tobacco Habit.
Mrs. W. U Spaldln?. 303 State street. r>*
-Molnes. la., has discovered a harmless remedy
for the, tobacco habit, which cured her hus
band in 13 days, after being a .slave to th» /
weed for over 30 years. It can be given secret- >?
ly and la harmless. Mrs. Spaldlng will send
the prescription fren * to any one sending
stamped envelope to pay postage.
Quillet's New Tear's extra mine* plea, lc«
cream and cake. 005 LarUn; phont East 193. *, ~~_~_ MISCELLANEOUS.
0KKEeHBHBHEHBHBBB M RHH0BEH£HHEESBEHHHH^
I Odder the Great Excitement That Reigns Before Christmas §
a Too many people will make their select ibnmot wisely, but foolishly, because they do g
g their trading in the squeeze of large crcwds and' when rattled by anxiety. g
g But there are other people— the sensible -kind— who will wait till the- holiday a
a rush is over before they will select Furnishings far their home. ... g
a Inventory time ' We have marked all broken assortment and |
a discontinued patterns at greatly reduced prices, and you can buy n :,w at our stow wi h- ■
a out having to be in a frenzy of hurry over it— anything from a kitchen chair to ao entire m
u cutfit 25 per cent cheaper than the downtown stores charged only a few days ago. I
I The Following List Gives Examples of the Concessions We Offer: g
2 reuia, Bedroom Furniture. Sola Pillows and Curtains. |
0 vrttx. ., . . ,\, ,.. , • - E f*i! e ' 1 i Uexular Reduced B
H $180.00 MahoRiny Set. massively carved. 2 >' * : "2% Sofa Pillow ¥ ""Sb"
*■ pieces ■ • ' jSX^O OO - ;v z »5o soia x'niow *p V>nj HI
" 45 00 Solid nil 15.00 Arabian Curtains 1O.OO B
Q 5 SJror FrCndl : '-*- <m .45-odRenaissance Curtains 32.00 ■
Q 2i 00 Gentle™-;/ "■' ■''"'•' 5^.00 Arabian Cur&ins 37.O0 g
JS 7S*S OaV -Sit S£ I 0 " 1 " ■-•• 1«.T5,: i l8 .oolrish Point Curtains 12.OO g
1 60.00 i .3,oo Scotch Lace Curtains 1.50 g
Q 140.00 Large French "Dressing "c'asei r^. . * r- •* 0
t| madeof Circassian walnut ....... 12O.OO • Djning-Room hUrtlltlire. q
S ti'S SSiioti £££? - — '"' i^S Old English. Sideboard *72.00 g
a 22.00 bohd Oak Bureau ,.18.00 100.00 Solid Oak Sideboard, dark golden g
a Chairs and Rockers. oak so.oo g
g $24.00 Lar K e solid Library -Rocker, ophol- 3-25 Saddle Seat Dining-room Chairs... 2.7o- H
stered in leather" Si 7.50 2 " 75 Pane Jed Back Dining-room Chairs, H
q 18.00 Mahogany Parlor Rocker, uphol- o K? lden oak •••; VIVVV <2?nnS
a stered spring s e at " i*> (># 38.00 Dining-room Tables,, pedestal style 27.00 |
a 45.00 Gold Deaf Dh-an, slightl'y'scra'tched *7.*5O -'. 25.00 Dining-room Tables, 49-inch ■ top, |
g 12.00 Mahogany Parlor Rocker, seat and - - . (heavy 7-inch leers) 18 -° B
i back leather trimmed ....... S.OO 4.00 and $.1.50 Box Seat Dining-room , n
I 7.50 Parlor Rocker . S.OO « Chairs (in lots of 3, 4, 5, 6), H
q 5-O0 Parlor Chairs, upholstered seat ...'.' S.OO o $2-6s. $2.2-; and .:
a 9.oo Fancy Rattan Chair, with loose 8.00 Dm,n K -room Chairs, leather seat g
3 cushion seat n SO - *' ot °* slx ' o.^o B
H 7-SO Reception Chair/whh 'gold'spln: ** 1.60 Solid Oak Dining-room Chair (35 _ g
3 dies, upholstered seat! „.. 4.75 ' . m . Iot) •••••••••.•••; "f ,• -\ sr.H
-g 12.00 Decorated Reception Chair S.OO 0 r.o^Vl rt V^ ■
I 35-00 Morris Chair, carved legs, uphol- Ss ° Rou ? d P tnin K- room Table, 6 feet H
1 stered in leather ......... 26.00 extension COO q
B 19.00 Fancy Oak Chair 14.5O . «i
S 45 -oo Mahogany Library Chair, uphol- ' ' ' . Hall Furniture. g
0 X\r Ste^ dmle j th « r •••••••••••••••• 26.00 , ,\ .$26.60 Oak Hall Tree. 24 by 30 inch g
** Weathered Oik Furniture. French plated mirror ?20.25 g
S $i7.ooffluss Seat Arm Chair .. §13.00 46.00 Oak Hall Tree, 43 inches in width, ra
jjg 1 2. 00^Leather covered stool .8.75 large beveled mirror, roomy seat. 32.50 g
[| 30.00 Heavy Arm Rocker, upholstered in . 35-00 Hall Tree. 24 by 30 inch oval H
\ buckskin 22.50 •'/ French mirror, elaborately carved B
Q 15 -oo Russ Seat Rocker '...'..'..'.''.'.'.'.'.'.'. 1S.OO ' 24.7o B
3 X2.oo Russ Seat Hall Chair ■. S.5O 14.00 Hall Tree, has box seat with place g
1 UphoUtered Furniture; „.„ H !Si£^box 10 °° |
a $40.00 Larjre Over-stuffed Sofa i?29.OO for rubbers 7.75 q
£3 125.00 Small Colonial Davenport, most 24.00 Colonial Style Hall Seat, round Q
3 elegant, upholstered in silk em- corners with spindles 16.00 Q
g bossed Velour 85.00 18.00 Oak Hall Seat, old English style. . 11.50 B
£, 250.00 Sohd Mahocany Suit, gorgeouslv . H
a upholstered, elegantly carved, 5 Inrrfinierf Stands I
n pieces 175.00 jaramiere lianas. m
S3 7500 Mahogany Finished Suit. 4 pieces.. 58.00 $4.50 Grill Jardiniere Stands, antique oak #2.75 j=
i3 22.00 Mahogany Finished Settee, silk cov- 6.50 Oak Jardiniere Stands, octagon de- g
£5 erins 1 7.OO sign with bent corners, beautifully H
» 10.50 Mahogany Finished Parlor Chairs.. . 8.00 carved 4.OOQ
2 42.00 Mahogany Arm Chair elegantly up- 8.00 Jardiniere Stands 5.00 H
H bolstered seat and back 33.00 3.00 Flemish Oak Tardiniere Stands. ... 1.30 H
g 15.00 Parlor Chair, beautifully inlaid, up- 4.00 Jardiniere Stands, pedestal style 2.75 g
tS bolstered seat.... ll.OO . .- §
U 75-00 Davenport Sofa Bed. upholstered in Desks, B
H embossed French velour; has ma- * B
\i hocany frame, elegantly carved... 55.OO $12.00 Oak Writing Desk J^O.oOp
*g 60.00 Mahogany Finished Suit, uphol- 19.00 Mahogany Desk 14.OOBI
Ei stered in French tapestry 49.00 23.00 Mahogany Desk, inlaid front VL'TSX S
S 20.00 Parlor Suit. ■? pieces » 15.00 40.00 Mahogany Desk -8.OOH
r* 4.00 Parlor Chair, upholstered 2.75 15.00 Oak Desk i'xxi
• M..«-:^ r r «>K; M «4-<. 12.00 Birdseye Maple Desk J>.OO g
I MUSX Cabinets. 7 oo Oak Desk : 4.75 |
p $8.00 Music Cabinet 25.00 Roller Top Office Desk 19.00 q
B 16.00 Music Cabinet. 12.00 Roller Top Office Desk 21.50 B
B 25.00 Music Cabinet, patent slides 18.75 75.00 Roller Top Office Desk 53.OO g
S 30.00 Larec Golden Oak Music Cabinet.. 21. OO J 40.00 Roller Top Office Desk U9.5O B
BQE&SEBHBBBBBQDBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBQBI3BBflBBBBBBBBBBIBBS
ANGLICAN SYNOD
END5 ITS WORK
English Episcopal Bishop
Is Ready to Retire
From Hawaii.
HONOLULU, Dec 13.— The Anglican
ETtK>d of Hawaii has completed its labors
and adjourned fine die, making arrange
ments for turning over the Episcopal
rhurch here to American jurisdiction.
I'^v. Alfred Willis, Bishop of Honolulu
for thirty years, will -retire on April \ f
and an Amercan Bishop is to be appoint
ed. The synod made an address to the
liishop. mentioning his long and active
rcrvioes for the church here and his many
»;*-eds of charity. When the synod ad
journed the Utter light that has so long
iiivi<5ed the BIs«liop from many of his con
rrrgation-as a result, it is claimed, of
big opposition to the American prayer
bonk and his autocratic methods of ruling
—was lo^t Fight pi and all the members
of the synod joined In tributes to his
lordship's work in the island.
f.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
.<aili;l>.
Saturday, December 28.
S-tror Fecuoia. Wlnk«l, Grays Harbor.
t;tmr North Fork, Kosen, Kureka.
The Raymond,.,
O&Z?** E^Q^ari**!!** T " c Best Known Hotel
®f *:?.?-«*------- In California.
i|l '! :>UILT. PERFECT CLIMATE. SUBWAY ENTRANCE, j
If 9-HOLE GOLF LINKS, no PRIVATE BATH ROOMS.
\V Opened December IQth
fif£ .'ALTER RAYMOND, Prop M. C. WENTWORTH, Mgr.
DENVER, DECIiARES WAR.
ON THE BTJCKET SHOPS
Indictments Returned Against ? Al
leged Stockbrokers for Violating
State Gambling- Law.
DENVER, Dec. 28.— The Grand Jury to
day returned Indictments against three
fitockbroklng concerns on the charge of
operating bucket-shops in violation of the
laws of the State against gambling. The
firms are the John G. Morgan Brokerage
Company, the W. R. Ray Brokerage Com
pany and the L. M. Davidson Brokerage
Company. The officers of the companies
this evening gave" bond. It has been
rumored that indictments have been found
againEt the Denver Mining Stock Ex
change, but no arrests have been made
and it is not generally believed that any
action has been taken against the ex
change.
Sol Drey fuss., who was Indicted for an
alleged attempt to bribe the Grand Jury,
was arrested.
It is understood that the proprietors of
several large office bulldingrs have been
indicted for failing to comply with the
law regarding fire escapes.
Californians in 2J"ew York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The following
Callfornians are In New York:
From San Francisco— A. J. L. Dewlnjr,
at the Albany; R. C. Clark, at the Park
Avenue; G. Gates, at the Holland; E. C.
Bartlett, at the Imperial: F. J. Brown, at
the Delevan; J. D. Hanlon. at the Ever
ett: E. R. Jones, at the Ashland.
From Santa Barbara— E. R. Spauldlng
and Miss Spaulding, at the Plaza; R. G.
Kdwards, at the Victoria.
From L«os Angeles— »M. V. Hartranft, at
the Astor.
THE SAN FRAKJUISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
WARMLY DEFENDS
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
Arctic Explorer Refutes
the Mean Charge of
Cowardice.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.-At the; eighth
annual dinner of the Arctic Club, held at
the Hotel Marlborough to-night, Amos
Bonsai of Philadelphia, the only survivor
of the Kane expedition In 1853-53, in
speaking of the bravery of men who have
visited the Arctic and Antarctic regions
said:
There was a charge against our member (Ad
miral Srhley) of being a coward, the meanest
charge that could ever be brought against any
man. No man who has the courage to enter
the Arctic i>ack, as he did, and rescue General
Greely car^ever be charged with such an of
fense, ana I deny It and oppose It.
The speaker's reference to Admiral
(then captain) Schley's command of the
Greely relief expedition in 1S84 was ap
plauded for some minutes. The expedi
tion brought Lieutenant Greely and six
survivors back from the frozen north.
President William H. Brewer was at
the head of the table and among those
present were: George II. Daniels, Dr.
Henry Leipzlger. Dr. Frederick A. Cook
and Henry C. Walsh of the Miranda ex
pedition; Henry G. Brayant of the Peary
(1892) expedition, Charles A. Moore Jr. of
the Peary (1894) expedition; Francis Long
of the Greely expedition, James D. Dewell
of the Miranda party and about sixty
members of the club. Good wishes and
success were drunk standing to Peary,
who is an honorary member of the club;
E. B. Baldwin and other members of the
Baldwin-ZIegler expedirlon, and Frank W.
Stokes, with the Nordenskjold Antarctic
expedition.
CONDITION OF GENERAL
SEAMANS VERY CRITICAL
President Roosevelt Sends Floral
Gift to the Suffering Cali
fornlan.
"WASHINGTON, TH-c. 29.— The condition
of General William II. Seamans of Cali
fornia is very critical to-night. President
Roosevelt to-day sent the sick man a flor
al gift from the White House conserva
tory.
Burning Wood and Leather
With our new Pyrography Machines is
an artistic pleasure that any one can en-
Joy at small expense. Colored skins and
all kinds of wooden articles for burning
as well as designs to work from, at San
born, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market street. ;»t7
CONSUMPTION
CAN BE CURED
Thus Reports an Official
Commission in
France.
Declares That the "Wasting
Disease Is Spread by
Expectoration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL 'BUREAU, 1406 G- STREET, N.
W v WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.—Consump
tion Is curable, according to the report of
a commission of . French savants who
made an exhaustive Investigation of the
disease. Secretary Hay has received from,
J. B. Scovel, United States Consul at
Lyons, France, a translation of the re
port. The commission consisted of thirty
two members and was appointed by the
French Parliament to inquire into the
subject of pulmonary tuberculosis, its
ravages In France, the cause of its preva
lence and the progress made toward its
cure. ij
The mortality- from consumption in
France is very heavy, 150,000 persons dy
ing of the disease annually.
The breath of a consumptive does not
transmit the disease, according to the re
port. The air which he expels does not
contain germs. It Is the spittle, dried and
reduced to dust, which is generally the
agent of contagion. It is contended that
this dry spittle clings to the walla, furni
ture and floor of the patient's room for
months and even years.
It is shown, on the contrary, that sun
light destroys the bacilli. Alcohol makes
the best bed for tuberculosis. The depart
ments of France which are the greatest
centers for tuberculosis • are almost
always those in which there is the great
est consumption of alcohol'. Among the
precautions urged is prevention of the
act of expectoration on the ground and
profuse sprinkling before sweeping.
The report declares that consumption is
curable at all stages. Dr. Darfberg is
quoted as having said:
"During the last ten years I have cured
a number of consumptives, who have re
sumed their active occupations, have
married and now have healthy children.
I can even say that I, myself, am the
consumptive that I know best whom, I
have cured. I am, therefore, able to con
firm that consumption is curable."
Pure air, such as is found on the sea
shore and on high mountains, is the best
remedy for consumption. In order that
this remedy should be effective it should
be continuous. The patients should ncft
only keep their windows and doors open
night and day, but should persevere In
this air cure for a long time;
SACRAMENTO DIAMOND
THIEF LANDS IN JAIL
James Burke Is Shot in the Foot
While Resisting Arrest in Kan
sas | City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 28.— A man
arrested at the Union station here to
night and shot through the foot while at
tempting to escape has been identified by
the police as James Burke, alias Frank
Shercliffe. The police say that Burke
held up two women in Salt Lake and
robbed them of their diamonds; held up
a Reno (New) faro game; served a year
for robbery in Ogden, Utah; helped hold
up a faro dealer in Colorado City; stole
a diamond tray from a Sacramento (Cal.)
jeweler, and held up faro banks in Seattle
and San Bernardino, Cal.
Burke was arrested in Leadville. Colo.,
in 1S93, for stealing $20,000 worth of dla
mends^from W. G. Pollock of New York
on a train in Iowa, for which crime he
was sentenced to seventeen years in the
Iowa State prison. He was released on
parole, which he violated by leaving
Iowa, and was arrested here on suspicion
of' stealing valises. He will be taken to
Iowa.
Schooner Goes Ashore.
ST. JOHxsS, Wewtoundland, Dec. 28.—
The schooner JUaud from Little Bay for
tit. Johns, with z<m) quintals of lish, Is
ashore at Broad Cove ana will be a total
loss. Her crew escaped only with the
greatest difficulty after having been ex
posed for some hours in the rigging. A
severe blizzard nas raged here tne entire
day and it 1b feared that other marine
disasters have occurred and will be re
ported shortly.
Amends Rules in Favor of Veterans.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The Presi
dent, at the instance of the veteran as
sociations, has amended the civil service
rules applicable to the rural free deliv
ery service so as to except from the ope
ration of the age limit veterans of the
Civil and Spanish-American wars who file
applications for appointment as carriers.
Report of the' Southern. Pacific.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The annual re
port of the Southern' Pacific Company for
the June SO fiscal year was issued to-day.
It shows a gain of $12,979,500 in gross earn
ings. The surplus was $3,45o,-~ , aganist
$3,i»18,S31 the year before. Betterment ex
penditures in 1901 were 56,870,950.
■ ST. LOUIS, Dec. 28. — General* John C.
BateR, commanding the Department of the
Missouri, with headquarters at Omaha, has
been mustered In as a member of Kansom
Post, Grand Array of the Republic, of St.
Louis.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A COMMON TROUBLE. •
Thousands Suffer Prom It Without
. Knowing Its Heal Character.
No trouble is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nerves
are to blame, are surprised that they are
not cured by nerve medicines and spring
remedies; the real seat of jhe miachiei:
is lost eight of; the stomach ia the organ
to be looked after.
Nervous ayspeptlcs often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of. the usual symptoms of i
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspepsia
shows itself not In the stomach ao much
as in nearly every other organ; in some
cases the heart palpitates and is irregu-
lar; in others the kidneys are affected;
in others the bowels are troubled, wkh
loss of flesh and appetite, with the ac-
cumulation of gas, sour risings and heari-
burn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect
St., Indianapolis, lnd., writes as follows*
"A motive of pure gratitude prompts mo
to write these few lines regarding the
new and valuable medicine, Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. I have been a sufferer
from nervous dyspesia for the last four
years; have used various patent medicines
arid other remedies without any favorable
result. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicine
wore off. I attributed this to my sedentary
habits, being a bookkeeper with littl*
physical exercise, but I am glad to state
that the tablets have overcome all these'
obstacles, for T v.pvp pnir-o-i 'n n~~v, j,.. . ,,
better and am better in every way. The
above Is written not for notoriety, but ia
based on actual facts."
' Respectfully yours,
A. W. SHARPER,
61 Prospect St., Indianapolis. lnd.
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness
or disease except cancer of the stomach.
l..ey cure sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh
and appetite, sleeplessness, palpitation,
heartburn, constipation and headaches.
Send for valuable little book on stomach
diseases by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
shall. Mich.
All druggists sell full sized packages at
60 cents.
ADVEBTISEMENTEL -^ r^_ n _ nj^
A Sale of Draperies. Separate Skirts Reduced.
The drapery department of the K. S. & ■ The ready-made wear department of
i F.'s stores is known to every shopper in San the K. S. & F. stores this year has been the
I Francisco. The news of a general reduction busiest section of this establishment. We
in .this line of merchandise should make to- have never carr ; e( i a i ine o f garments that
morrow one of the busiest days in the his- has yen suc hgeneral satisfaction, that have
tory of this section of our stores. fitted so well, -that have shown the style and
, P T pinte u d Velours Reduced. _ wear that this year's ready-made garments
Just the thing for draperies and furniture coverings — J •-....-.. J ■ . & #
our great 50c grade, full 27 inches wide, goes on sale have shown; consequently the reductions are
to-morrow at........ 29c yard o{ tremendous interest> Every garme nt in
Tapestry Reduced. . &
'Some of the very choicest Persian patterns in our the Stock . reduced. Here are a couple of
r 50c grade of 50-inch .tapestry will be placed on the the reductions as an example:
tabjgs to-morrow at 4OC yard r
I ! inscl-Mixcd Tapestry. Walking Skirts.
/ An exceedingly heavy quality in very choice assort- The new flounce J effects— in oxford gray, iust the
ments of patterns— full 50 inches wide— the kind we t hj nj j for everyday 'wear— every reduction is bona-
have been selling this season at 75c a yard— cut for fide— - ■■ . • • •
the great special sale beginning to-morrow to Regular $3.25 walking skirts reduced to.. $2.45
•••• 35c >' ard Regular $4.25 walking skirts reduced to.. 3.60
S lkolines. , -, , B _ _ ,,,,.
XT , • . , . . . , , j A Sale of Fancy Dress feilks.
Nearly every woman interested in art drapery has ad- ,,.,,. , , « , *
mired our 36-inch iaj4c silkolines— the styles and ; A special holiday line of regular 8*: and $1.00
colorings have been particularly popular— this same fancy striped taffeta dress silks, suitable for waists
line reduced for special sale to-morrow to 9c yard and full costumes arrived too late for Christmas sell-
r>~^ a n,.+ «!,„ iH-nin».., ing— these are all in the very choicest of autumn
Closing Out the M.Hinery. colors and win be dosed QUt beginninff to . morrow
We will not carry over one dollars worth of mil- morning at 5Oc yard
linery if we can help it. If you want a hat by all . . l
means- get one to-morrow. Millinery at Post street Satin Printed Foulards.
store only. * Just right for waists and dresses — navy, brown, royal,
All $6.00 and 8.00 trimmed hats 93. T5 each turquoise, helio, black — 24 inch — regular 50c — excel-
All $3.00 and $4.00 walking hats. ij&l.OO each lent styles — a remarkable offer 25c yard
\^J22Q-/222 '/22^^MARKET^r^.
v^^^^ ~ ===== z—^~z^^^~^J-
THEIR CHARTERS
MAY BE REVOKED
Suits Are Commenced in
Ohio Against Fotir
Railroads.
COLUMBUS, Dec. 28.— Suits in quo
warranto were brought to-day In the Cir
cuit Courts of Crawford and Logan
counties to revoke the charters of the
Columbus, Hocking Valley and Toledo
Railway Company, the Ohio Central Rail
way Company, the Kanawha and Michi
gan Railway Company, the Buckeye Coal
and Raftway Company and the Sunday
Creek Coal Company. The suits were
brought in the names of the prosecuting
attorneys of Crawford and Logan coun
ties. They were prepared by Frank
Monett, former Attorney General and
now attorney for the Anti-Trust League,
David F. Pugh and E. B. Finley. The
charters of the companies are attacked
on the ground that they aro controlled
and operated as one in violation of the
State laws forbidding combinations in re
straint of trade and the consolidation of
parallel lines of railroad. The properties
mentioned are all popularly supposed to
be controlled by the Morgan syndicate.
For a first cause of action it is claimed
the corporations are operating in viola
tion of the statute of March 18, 1SS2, for
bidding the aid of one" corporation by an
other through subscriptions to its capital
stock and prohibiting the lease or pur
chase of a railway by a parallel line. It
is charged that the Hocking Valley and
Ohlb Central are virtually consolidated
and that their stock is identical.
For a second cause of action the plain
tiff cites section 4427 of the Ohio anti
trust law and charges that the defendant
companies are In a combination as shown
by their having given joint mortgages.
It is also charged that they have con
spired together to limit the production
of coal, while increasing the price of ship
ment and the cost to the consumer. It
is charged that tho^railroads named are
in a combination In violation of the law
as to freight and passenger rates cover
ing all forms of traffic. The companies
are charged with shutting off the supply
of coal to manufacturers and fixing a
common standard for aJl their operations.
For a third cause "of action evasion of
taxation and falsely returned valuations
are charged. It is charged that the
blanks for filing the taxable property of
the Hocking Valley Railway mailed to
the. proper officers by the Auditor of
State, April V, 1901, were returned with
schedules showing property susceptible
to taxation aggregating J4.696.O6O, where
as the company's taxable»property at the
time was in reality $45,658,605 77.
Monett refused to say by whom *the
suits were instigated. He denied a rumor
that Mayor Tom Johnson of Cleveland
was back of them,' but said that Johnson
was Interested in the prosecution of the
cases. ■ js**; \
CLOSE THE NEGOTIATIONS
FOR ELECTRIC STEEL PLANT
Owners Will Use a New^Jffethod to
Produce Ingots Directly From
Iron Ore.
ELJZABE'THTOWN, Tenn.. Dec. 28.—
Charles P. Tonoray and George E. Boren
have returned from New York, where
they closed negotiations for the erection
of an electric steel plant at Elizabeth
town. It Is claimed that by this method
steel ingots can be produced directly, from
iron ore in thirty minutes. An 8000 horse
power electric plant will be commenced
as soon as the site can be decided upon
on the Watauga River, near 'Elizabeth
town, and this will supply the power for
the plant.
Democrats Flan a Big Reception.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The .Manhattan
Club has arranged to give a reception to
its non-resident members Saturday even-
Ing, February 22, 1902. The primary ob
ject of the resolution as stated is "the
bringing together of Democrats through
out the country for the purpose of reviv
ing the Interest of the- people In the
fundamental" doctrines upon which our
Democratlc^Covernment was founded."
The non-reildent members Include lead
ing Democrats in thirty-eight States.
Among the j cornmitteemen in charge of
the reception is ex-Secretary John G. Car
lisle. .. ' ':*V:
BELMONT WINS
OVER O'GRADY
New York Election Com
missioners Decide
Contest.
XEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The Board of
Election Commissioner met to-day to
hear the protests in the Belmont-O'Grady
contest over the Democratic nomination
for Congress in the Seventh district. It
was announced that the case would be
taken to the Supreme Court, no matter
what decision the Election Commissioners
might make. • . . -
This evening the board sustained the
objection to the certificate of John
O'Grady, threw out the objection against
the nomination of Perry Belmont and or
dered that the nomination of Belmont be
filed and that his name be placed on the
official ballot under the emblem of the
Democratic party.
On the evidence submitted to the board
the nomination of O'Grafly was not made
in accordance with law and the usages of
the Democratic party. The vote taken by
the board stood 3 to 1.
Thje board also threw out the certi
ficates of nomination of Koag and Ward,
the Prohibition and Social Democratic
candidates, respectively. This action
leaves four candidates in the. field. They
are: Montague Lester, Republican; Per
ry Belmont, Democrat; Fritz Llninger,
Independent, and J. Bennett, Greater New
York Democracy. Bennett becomes a can
didate by petition through what was an
nounced as a convention of the Greater
New York Democracy, held last Thursday
night, when Belmont was indorsed.
RAILWAY MEN FEAR
GENERAL RATE WAR
Fail to Arrive at a Settlement of the
Military Traffic Ques
tion.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— After" a four days'
meeting officials of OVestern roads to-day
announced that it had been found impos
sible to agree to a settlement of the mili
tary traffic question raised by the South
ern Pacific. The latter road's notice that
it would withdraw from the old agree
ment on December 31, therefore, will be
carried into effect and railroad men fear
a demoralization of rates all along the
line in consequence.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREnO MEN!
A Most*RemarKat)le Remedy Tixit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekapra Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss or.
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now^ cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the 1 desired location, giving: strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cure! all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 323 Klektron building:. Fort
Wayne, lnd., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and 'the free samples will enable
them to see how easy It la to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. Tho Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readera are requested to write
without delay.
SPECIAL SALE
VPHOLSTEBED
FURNITURE.
25 % Discount
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Ghas. M. Plum & Go.,
1301-1307 Market Street,
DISORDERS g~-\
BY FAR THE GREAT- *7_y l>5pi*jfv^
er number of patient- £> V T?7 // <5T'
seeking relief for go-called U \ jfR/f 7/
weakness are strong;, ro- U \i^j\^JJ.
bust men In every other re-
spect. Loss of Vitality. Preznatureness. eta.
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes In the Prostate Gland (so-
called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ions
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, Immediate results.
as indicated by Increased circulation and re«
newed strength, aro observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on ajw
plicatlon, la interesting to any one wishing to
study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOrT & CO., 997 Market St
£]}♦» !2& -P&> A I a e n Electric
Beit (witn *Sfc^ b u s p e n sory) is
guaranteed - - x to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts
now sold by doctors and drus^ists. It gives
a very stronr current of electricity ani is
easily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned '
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCK EI.EC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Post st.. San Francisco, or
114o Broadway. Xew York.
9 ■
OR. HALL'S BHNYiGORATORTOWa
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Fiva 9ka5"*WF*3
hundred reward for any case we 3£B 2E&
cannot cure. This secret remedy ! &
cures Emissions. Impotency, KTS RW&
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, fj^i VF&
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- Jli liMf:
hood and all ether wasting ef- SB HU
fect3 of self-abuso or excesses. rvje£-3DS§S<
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. *5; guaranteed
to cure any case. -Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Sw Broad-
way Oakland, Cal. Also for safe at 1073*
Market st. S. F. Send for free book.
; , ,
ffS& CHICHESTER'S CNGUSH
c9 #*»^x*T^. — — ._ *'^'4fc*"*i and Only C«"m<««
L 5TS 0 ** £ a 7*JJwDroniw.ori«14«.h;
J^P^I r«medy for Gonorrhea,
£-'£**' 3pormator.rho»a,
j£g&ar CURES Whites, unnatural dis*
Jtj&VjMn tta 5 dayf. *£ charges, or any infbimma-
ff*%J OuiuM ta M tion, irritation or alcanv
Phnim rrtrsL; csauitoa, *' on - of mucous nien-
VgU l <C!N.mi.Q.g?p or " ent !» Plain wrappw,
TlBSSB^ b * •xprew. prepali, for
{1.00. or 3 bottles, 12.73.
Ti^gEPJffigcKy* PI Circular scat on request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ITSE DAUIAXA BITTERS. THE
Great Jiexican Remedy; Elves neait.h vnd
strength, to sexual organ*. Depot, S22 Alartac
2324
ATJVERTISEMEirrS.
'^115^ the famous WWt
p3 JENNESS MILLER
F^^t C£i<3 EZf\ Jllll
1*1114 JlPir
vP^'vJIs W if M T * life si&r
i^r jjL u JOLmmm*
fFOR WOMEN yililk
Have b*en addtd to our «Jr««dy immense stock. 4&t$#fc&k,
Being- the larrest shoo house in San Francisco H *!>5Sc2*
and in the most convenient location, we have
secured the exclusive eal« of these famous Ira&ifa
We don't need to extol their good qualities. >5^«K|S»
They are well knovrn as combining style, tit, riM'JM^P
durability and hyjnenio properties. Made in nil »i«y*|e4
the latest styles in vici kid, box calf, velour 7E2^'"*Jk
calf, patent leather, patent kid and corona colt Ss&^ffsll
We have just received the first shipment of eSsSC 1 '?!
these celebrated nhoei! and will place them on w&tIW
sale to-morrow. See them in our show windows. :£^S^y
This wwk we will close out 900 ChiU i Sizes
pairs Lad!es , Misses* and Chil- £ '.o 10 *w^vy$SSR>'
dren's best quality Crochet Slippers, /-> ma Si-"'^SSB3
capital wool soles; s ; zes 11 to 2, 70c; foSf* rfopS^
ladies' sizes, 3 to 8, SOc UU^ wffii$
NOLAN BROS., W
T|M 812-814 MARKET STRcET. , mji
JUDGE GRAHAM
FREES FERRAL
Holds That Commitment
for Contempt Is In
sufficient.
Attorney Robert Ferral, who was fined
$50, with the alternative of twenty-five
4ays in jail, for contempt of court by
Judge Dunne, was ordered released from
the custody of the Sheriff yesterday by
Judg^e Graham. Ferral, an hour after he
had been adjudged guilty of contempt,
applied for a writ of hebeas corpus and
the decision of Judge Graham yesterday
was the result of the application.
Judge Graham ordered Ferral's release
on the ground that the commitment was
insufficient.
In the opinion of Judge Graham the
commitment does not purport, upon its
face, to be a judgment, but a mere nar
rative by the clerk of events which had
transpired under his observation, or
which had come to his knowledge. It does
not purport to be a transcript of any
judgment record, nor does it appear that
any judgment was entered. There is
nothing in the instrument to show that
an order was given by the Judge of the
court and the form of the order followed
by tne signature of the clerk Indicates it
is the clerk's order. .
"I am therefore.' says Judge Graham,
"clearly of the opinion that the instru
ment returned by the Sheriff as his au
thority and warrant for imprisoning the
prisoner is Invalid, and is insufficient to
justify the imprisonment and restraint of
petitioner, and that he should be dis
charged from custody.
"It is not necessary here to consider
other objections to the purported Judg
ment, strenuously urged by petitioner's
counsel. The invalidity of the instrument
In auestion. for the reasons above stated,
renders it immaterial -whether the part
taken by petitioner In the colloquy, re
cited as the basis of his conviction, would
be fcufficlent. of Itself, and without any
element of disorder, insolence or con
temptuous maner. to constitute contempt
of court."
Opposes Attorney's Appointment.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs filed a protest yesterday with the
Board of Supervisors • against the ap
pointment of Joseph E. O'Donnell, or any
other attorney, to assist the City Attorney
in recovering moneys due this city by the
State. It Is contended that the charter
does not provide for such appointment.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .. . ■
6&sv*ed of Files
Amos Crocker of Worcester writes:
"After going through a frightful surgical
operation and after trying any number of
salves and ointments, one 50c box of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure gave speedy relief and it
quickly cured me." All druggists 6ell it
Little Book, "Piles. Causes and Cure,"
mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall,
Mich.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great h
5BBSEUH OF flNATOmr*
q Q5 i«iXAsis?:r.fc«t.e:i«?.i,:.F.csJ. A
\ Or '' ie '- ar f e »" Aritomical Museum in tbe \
a jjJL^i. W«rld. \\ eakne.vo or any contracted a
* faziaSb <t * ease l»"««««»»-«7 €-«r»4 by the oldest T
O ff£3 f •? I J>peci»iifct on ihe Co»st Em. 36 yean. Q
a tf^&f 6 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN Q
\ F(?i2&H Consulution free and strirtljr private. \
A I lifts' f% Treatment personally or by Inter. A g
V I nPnu J'otitne Curg in every cttt undertaken. T
ilf ft& Write for Boek. PKll.onufUV mt A
V * If t * ElinnlACK. mailed f»£L ( A Y
V Dtt. JOKD AST A VO.. 1051 Maries HU.fi. P. 9
WILL DO HONOR
TO HIS MEMORY
Services to Be Held for
the Late J. J. Val-
entine.
A memorial service will be held at the
Young Men's Christian Association this
afternoon in honor of the late John J.
Valentine. Rev. Ernest E. Baker of Oak
land will be the speaker. There will be
special music. Part of the hall will ba
reserved for Wells. Fargo & Co. em*
ployes.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Batist
Church will preach this morning on "The
Transfiguration," and In the evening on
"Seeking and Finding."
Rev. Edward J. Harper of the Centen
ary M. E. Church will preach this morn
ing on "Christ Is His Own Gospel." and
in the evening on "Man a Responsible
Being."
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church t will preach -this
morning on "What Have We Learned in
1901?" and in the evening on "What Have
We Lost in 1901?"
-ev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "A Prepared World for a Pre
pared Redeemer." and in the evening on
"The Story of a Star."
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing' on "The Old Year," and In the even
ing on "The Winter's Tale."
Mrs. Booth-Tucker will lecture on
"Love and Sorrow" to-morrow evening
at the Alhambra.
Rev. F. W. Fischer of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church will preach this
morning, and in the evening Hon. George
Barsoom will preach on "General Condi
tion of Christmas in the Turkish Em
pire."
Rev. K. M. Larkln of Orace M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "Tho
Closing Year— A Christian's Retrospect."
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "Se
cret Prayer."
"A New Year and a New Life" will be
the subject of a sermon by Rev. John
Stephens this evening in Simpson M. E.
Church. .
Rev. Milton D. Buck of Trinity M. E.
Church will preach this evening on "The
Star in the East"
Rev. J. N. Beard will preach this
morning in the California-street M. E.
Church. In the eveniag- Rev. F. D. Bo
vard will occupy the fftilplt.
A special Christmas praise service will
be held this morning and evening at the
First Congregational Church. In the
morning Rev. George C. Adams, pastor,
will preach on "The Incarnation." The
evening service will be 'mainly musical.
WANTS* GOVERNMENT
TO SATISFY JUDGMENTS
Mayor Phelan Will Present Bill to
Federal Authorities for Damage
\ '■'" Done by Soldiers.
Mayor Phelan sent a request yesterday
to the City Attorney to prepare a list of
all the suits brought against' the city In
which damages have . been obtained for
violence done by United States soldiers.
His Honor desires to ascertain the aggre
gate amount of the damages recovered in
order to present a bill of particulars to
the Federal Government with a view to
ward reimbursing the city for the moneys
paid.
Mayor Phelan also urges • the Polic*
Commission to in the future require the
furnishing of a bond by the owners of
all saloons in the vicinity 'of the Presidio
In order that the city may not be held
liable for any destruction of property that
may result from mob violence.
Death of Well-Known Hotel Man.
John McGovern, late manager of tbe
Royal Hawaiian Hotel Annex,. Honolulu,
died Saturday morning at his residence,
147 Cook street, this city, after a linger
ing illness of four months. Mr. McGovern
was one of the best known"hotel men on
the Pacific Coast and for sixteen "years
was manager of the Commercial Hotel
when that property was the possession of
the Clay Street Bank. He later assumed
charge of the New Western Hotel, which
post he resigned to go to the "California."
In all positions his ability won recognition
from his employers and his genial person
ality made him a host of friends among
the patrons. For the last two years he
was connected with the Royal Hawaiian
Hotel at Honolulu as chief clerk and later
as manager of the Annex at Wakiki. Mr.
McGovern was a native of Ireland and
came to . California when Quite s young.
He was 52 years of age at ae time of his
death. He leaves a wife and five children
to mourn his loss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
GAIN IN SALES
IS BY MILLIONS
Realty Makes ' a Great
Show in Aggregate
This Year.
Eleven Months Lead 1900 by
a Margin of First •
Magnitude.
The sales of realty in Ban Francisco
during the first eleven months of the
present year have amounted to $25,000,000
in round figures. What the total for the
year will be cannot be safely predicted,
but tho indications are that tho present
month will make very heavy additions to
tho record for 1901. Large transactions
are under way at this time which, if they
are finally wound up in the next two
days, will make a fine record for the
month of December, 1901.
Without the last month of this year
tho record for 1901, up to the end of No
vember, leads the total for, tho entire
year of 1900 by $7,000,000 in round figures.
What the total for the year would have
been if the strikes had not taken place
in this city it is difficult to apwoxim'ate.
The total quoted Justifies amply all the
predictions that have been made con
cerning the market for realty during the
several past months. At the close of 1901,
according to the views of the conservative
brokers, the situation is better than it
has been for a long time. There will
naturally be a lull for a few days while
the merchants are taking stock, but this
will be . only a brief interruption and it
may prove to be of inconsiderable effect.
Deals of the Week.
In the past week there have been sev
eral transactions of note. A fifty vara
on the sojithwest corner of Turk and
Jones streets, the improvements thereon
consisting of six dwellings, has been sold
for $130,000 through the agency of Thomas
Magee & Sons. Guy T. Wayman has sold
to L. H. Sly a fifty vara on the south line
of Turk street, 137:6 feet west from Lar
kin, m for $30,000. I. Schwartz has bought
from the estate of Andrew Nelson prop
erty on the east line of Van Ness avenue,
fifty feet north from Bush street, for
$20,000. The Scottish Rite Masons have
bought from Robert Coleman frontage
of twenty-five feet on Post street, adjoin
ing property previously acquired, by the
same purchasers, the price being $72,000.
John Vernon has bought from
James J. M'anseau the southwest- corner
of Eddy and Scott streets, 62:6 by 100, for
$24,000. Mrs. A. A. Moore Sr. has pur
chased for $35,000 the property, eighty feet
east from Stockton street, on the south
line of Sutter, 50 by 70 feet.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold the fol
lowing properties:
Joseph Felue to P. J. Kennedy, 50x100, on
the southeast line of Point Lobos avenue, 67:0
southeast of Eleventh avenue, for $1700; F.
W. Faller to Mary B. Cooper, 52x120, on the
west line of Twenty-rflfth avenue, for $1000;
Ruth G. Campbell to Mrs. -B. B." Low, 30x
IOC, • on the north line of Jackson . street, DO
feet east jof Cherry, for $3450; Cora B. Smith
to Tcmasso Boglittl, 27:4V&xlO5:4, or. the west
line of Cherry street, 100 feet south of Clay,
for $1750; Daniel Sullivan et al. to D. S.
Weaver, 20x50, on the northeast corner of
Dupont and Adler streets, for $000; the Cali
fornia Land and Granite Company to Hans
Wulf, 45x100, on the southeast corner of Lake
street and Tenth avenue, for $1500; Mary B..
Preston to T. B. Draper, 25x100. on thi- north
■Ide of Carl street, 80 feet east of Willard, for
$1525; 'William K. Van Alen to Georce E.
Ames. 37:6x102:814. on the northwest corner
of Sacramento and Lyon streets, for- $4700:
George W. Mitchell to Thomas A. Keogh, 25x
137:6, on the north side of Clay street, 87:0
west of Manic, for $2000.
Other sales have be^n made as follows:
Baird Estate Company to W. B. Pringle.
100x137:6 on the northwest corner of Halght
and Aehbury 6treets, $15,000; 2ox87:6, with
two flats, on the weBt side of Fillmore street,
112:6 north of Fultonr sold by August Schaefcr
for $7000; Emma H. Warren to John A. Hoots,
00x80 on the west side of Tremont ' avenue,
310 feet south from Frederick street, for $200C;
Crocker Kstate Company to Caroline M. Han-
Ben, lot 25x100 feet on the south side of Waller
street. 10G west of Shrader. for $lC00; lot 23x
C5 feet, with improvements, on the southeast
line of Stevenson street, 130 feet northeast of
Tenth, bought by the F. Thomas Dyeing
Works for $2200; Mrs. E. J. Pringle to W.
Schwarke. three flats on east side of Broderlck
street. 110 feet south of Oak, for $9000; John
Willis to Hugo Urban, lot 22:Cxll4, with im
provements, on south side of Pacific street,
cast of Leavenworth. for $4000; for Samuel
Morsrenstern, two flats, Nos. 1120 and 1120V3
Leavenworth street, to Joseph T. Senecal for
S55OO ; to Henry von Br&mcn for . Mrs. &£ct£i
Ecks, two flats, Nos. 1130 and 1132 Buchanan
street, for $6500; for Emily Cosgrave, the cot
tage, 4214 Twenty-sixth street, to Thomas
Kelly for $1000: to John C Jordan for C. J.
Burt, cottage, 206 Twenty-seveuth street, for
$2200; to Covington Johnson, the northwest
corner of Octavla etre«t and Rose avenue, lot
60x87:6, with three houses, for $10,500. ,
In Many Localities.
Baldwin & Howell report that the park
frontages on the H street thoroughfare,
south of Golden Gate Park, ' between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth avenues,
found ready purchasers some time ago,
while lately the southwest corner of H
street and Eighteenth avenue, 32:6x100
feet in size, 'was disposed of at {2000; also
the southeast corner of H street and
Eighteenth avenue, same size, at the
same figure. Lots on H street continue
in good demand.
The following additional salqs in Sun
set district were effected by Baldwin &
Howell's branch office:^
The key lot 25x120, on east line of Eighteenth
avenue, 100 feet south of the H street electric
line, for $000; lot 37:6x120. on east side of
Eighteenth avenue, 1C2:6 north of I street, for
?1200- lot 25x120, -on east line of Nineteenth
avenue boulevard, 100 south of H street, $1000;
lot 37:6x120. on east line of Eighteenth avenue,
125 north of I street. $1250.
Nelson, Johnson & Co. report the follow
ing recent transactions:
Mary E. Daniels to Rivers Brothers, three
modern flats and store, southwesterly corner
Page and Devisadero streets, lot 32x100, price
$12,000; J. H. Cain to Albert Ellis, two modern
residences 8 rooms and bath, 811 to 815 Scott
street lot 35x125. price $10,000: C. E. Span
nagle to Nat T. Coulsen, six flats, 33 to 30
Moss Etreet, lot 00x75, price $7800; May B.
Daniels to George *fo. Tooker, large residence,
727 Ashbury street, lot 25x186:3. through to
Tremont avenue, price $5900; J. H. Boardman
to Annie Kronenberg. four flats. 2975 Sacra
mento street, lot 25x105. price $6250; Rivers
Brothers to Francis Farina, three modern flats,
southwest corner Noe and Henry streets,"^ :6x
96, price $7500; John R. Allkin to D. R. Dogan,
three flats and *ouse on tnfcjeoutheast corner
of Buchanan street and : Ivy"* avenue, 24x51,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
"77" Book mailed free. '
"77" cures Colds, j ■ ;
"77" cures Coughs.
' i i cures O3.t3.rrn. . x
"77" cures Sore Throat.
"77" cures Bronchitis. ...
"77" makes- Colds that cling, let go.
"77" is a small vial of pleasant pellets
that fits the vest pocket.
At all Druggists, 25 cents, or. mailed.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor-
ner "William and John Streets, New York.
SMALL LEGACY
FOR THE HUSBAND
Mrs. Vogelman Leaves
Bulk of Large Estate
to Children.
Filing of Will Recalls a Fa
mous Naval Court-
Martial. : .
The will of Mrs. Harriet J. Vogelman,
the wealthy wife of Dr. D. J. Vogelmaq,
a dentist of Vallejo, waa filed for probate
yesterday. She leaves her husband $1000,
Emily C. Swift, an. aunt, "$2000, and the
re'sidue of her estate, which Is located in
Vallejo and is worth $200,000,' to Albert
Wilson Tobin and Helen Marie Tobln,
children by a former marriage.
' Mrs. Vogelman was the sister of G. W.
Wilson, president of the Vallejo Commer
cial Bank, which institution was founded
iiLthe early F 50's by E. J. Wilson, their
f/lher. Mrs. Vogelman's first husband
was the late W. J. Tobin, a pay clerk in
the United States navy and one of Val
lejo's wealthiest young men. The two
children to whom Mrs. Vogelman left her
estate are the result of this union. Their
married life was an unhappy one and
Mrs. Tobin secured a divorce, subsequent
ly marrying Dr. Vogelman. Tobin later
married Grade Plaisted, the well-known
actress, who. was also a Vallejo girl. His
second matrimonial -venture was also a
failure, for Grade Plaisted Tobln also
sued him for divorce. He then became a
clerk in the navy and was very prom
inent "through his connection with Pay
master Webster, whose, court-martial at
Mare Island some few years ago attract
ed great attention. It was brought about
through a charge made by Tobin that
Webster had charged his mother, the late"
Mrs. J. F. Tobin, $1000 for his appointment
as pay clerk, claiming that the $1000 was a
bond required of all pay clerks in the ser
vice. The court-martial lasted several
weeks and resulted in Webster's suspen
sion and reduction in rank.
Mrs. Vogelman names her husband and
A. Heynemann as executors of her es
tate. .
McKinley Fund" Is Growing.
JThe McKinley monument fund is grow
ing dally. Mayor Phelan made the fol
lowing report concerning it yesterday:-
Previously reported, $29,112 56. Received
yesterday: P. Evarts, $2 50; cash, $1; C.
R. " Ward, $1; Carquinez school, Contra
Costa County,' $12 40; Cynthia Literary
and Social Society, $10; Lawrence Mc-
Creery, $50; Walter McCreery, $50; H. H.
HJul, 426 Montgomery street, $15; Pacific
States Savings, Loan and Building Com
pany, $10; U. S. Grant Council No. 19,
Junior Order United American Mechanics,
$10; E. C. W., $5; L. S. C.J $5; Ivan Ta
dlch, $2; Dan Lynch, $2; O. B. Vogle, $2;
cash (fastened on a carfl),'6O cents; H. G.
M., BO cents. Total to date, $29,291 46.
Pile and Fistula Cure.
Sample treatment Red Cross Pile and Fistula
Cure and book on piles free to any address.
Rea Co.. Dept. 2, Minneapolis. Minn. *
price $S500; Amelia Ursin to Nat T. Coulson,
six flats, from 112 to 114 Welch street 25x75
feet, price $4000; Rivers Brothers to Alberta
L. Bower, new cottage, 180 Tremont avenue,
6 rooms and bath, lot 25x80, price $3000;
Rivers Brothers to Amelia Ursin unimproved
lot on west side of Noe street. 25:6 south of
Henry, 25x96, price $1750.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. haVe made the
following recent sales:
Mrs. Charles Fella to Adolph Meyer, 40x60
and six flats at 7 to 0 Dale place, oft Oolden
Gate avenue, ' near Leavenworth street; Maria
F. Hunt to William B. Bush, two flats on the
southwest corner of Twenty-fifth and Sanchez
streets, $4000: Morris Abraham to Michael
Gateley, 26x100. with four flats from 825 to $27
Alabama street, near Twentieth, for $2500;
John Gale to Henry E. Bothln, . 25x70. with
four flats, at 1C« and 166% Tehama street. 105
feet east of Third, for $2500; William Ehret
to F. Encpnyand, 28x100, with store and flats
above, at 113C Folsom street, near Seventh, for
$5500; Josle Welch to Charles Hasselgren, 25x
75,- with four flats, at 325 Dore street, near
Brannan, for $1800; William Wharf! to Julius
Relmer, 25x100, on the northeast corner of
Green and Laguna streets, for $3000; I. Peter
son to William R. Kins, cottage and lot at
1247 Sanchez street, $1700: Harriet Goslln to
George Floblnson, cottage at 3917 California
street, near First avenue, $3200; the Heyden
feldt estate to John Boyd. 50x80. with building
containing store and flats, at 156 Fifth street,
near Howard, $17,600; Charles Alpers to Anto
nio Campi. five lots. 137:6 by 137:6, on the
north side of Chestnut street, 124:3 west of
Van Ness avenue, $4000; James A. Ritchie to
Mrs. Mary A. Brown, house and lot, 25x137:6.
at 450 Frederick street, near Stanyan. for
$5500.
• The Jacob Heyman Company has made
the following sales:
Twenty-five lots near the Ocean House, 25x
120, for $100 each; two lots. 25x100 each, on
the north line of J street, between Forfy
elghth and Forty-ninth avenues; cottage and
lot 25x114, on the north line of Twenty-third
street, near Douglass, for $2800; 25x101, on
the east side of First avenue, between Sacra
mento, and Clay, streets, for $1800; fourteen
lots, each 25x100. in the Abbey Homestead.
San Mateo, for $350. and 125x200 feet In tha
Colma Schoolhouse Homestead for $750.
J. F. Peters has sold for Mary E. Kear
ney to "W. E.Baines eighty acres in the
Sonoma Valley for $3500; for the Ang'.o-
Californian Bank to. William Behler,
twenty-four acres near Glen Ellen for
$1000; for P. Monohan and Susan B. Me
lone, 718 acres near Glen Ellen for $14,000.
With, the Builders.
Herbert E. La,w has given out contracts
amounting to $68,000 for the structural
steel frame work for an eight-story and
basement fireproof brick building on the
south corner of Mission and New Mont
gomery streets. . - ■
P. N. Lilienthal will erect a two-story
and basement frame building on the
northwest line of Folsom street, 225 feet
southwest from Eighth street, to cost
$8700.
Margaret A. Skelly will expend $8500 on
the erection of a three-story brick build
ing on the north line of Mission street^
77:6 feet east from Third street.
Cornelia A. Thompson will build on the
southeast corner of Devisadero and Jack
son streets a two-story and basement and
attic building, .to cost $7400.
On the northwest corner of Scott and
Grove streets "William H. Little will erect
a. three-story and basement dwelling at a
cost of $10,000.
The Jacob Heyman Company has built
a two-story house on the Ocean boule
vard, between J and K streets, and is
building dwelling's on the south line of
Twenty-third street, near Douglass; on
Alvarado street, near Hoffman avenue,
and on Lundy avenue, at the end of Va
lencia street. ■ - - • V\*~- ;
Work on more than 500 houses in con
struction in Los Angeles has been stopped
on acount of a shortage in laths. The
price has been raised to $6 per thousand.
A builder who has been talking to the Loa
Angeles Herald makes the statement that
the laths have been cornered and are only
procurable at one yard in Los Angeles,
and that there is a corner forming or
formed to control and raise the price of
shingles and redwood rustic Concerning
the situation the Los Angeles Herald
says: -.Vv-
Building in Loa Angeles has been seriously
retarded by a dearth of laths in the local
market, and It has been charged that . the
shortage in this material Is du£ to an attempt
on the part of the lumber dealers to form a
combination for the . purpose of cornering the
market and thereby raisins the price of that
commodity. . For several weeks ' builders have
been unable' to secure all the laths needed for
the numerous buildings In course of construc
tion. The number on which Interior work has
been held back, it is estimated, runs into the
hundreds, causing, a loss of much tlme^ to
lathers and > plasterers as well -as other . work
men. As to the reason for this shortage the
lumber men claim it Is due to their Inability
to ; procure sufficient material ■- to supply - the
hundreds of new structures, while others have
stated the belief that It has been caused by a
movement to force up prices. -. ,« }'
FIRST REGIMENT
RUNNING DOWN
Numerical Strength of
Organization Is aij
Low Ebb.
Commander of Artillery Bat
talion Wants to Make a
Record.
There has been another reduction in the
numerical strength of the First Infantry
Regiment by the discharge of twenty
three men from the service for various
causes, such as removal from the city,
good of the service, term expired, five en
listments In the army and one appoint
ment on the police force. This brings the
regiment to the lowest point since its're
organization after the return from Ma
nila as the First California. During the
past month there were six enlistments.
Colonel O'Neil hopes with the advent of
the new year, when work will be re
sumed, to create a spirit of enthusiasm
that will spur the company commanders
to recruit up their companies' to within at
least 75 per cent of the maximum.
There is a report In circulation that one
of the companies of the First Infantry is
anxious to withdraw from the regiment
and organize as an independent artillery
battery. Those who are said to be at the
head of the movement refuse to discuss
the matter at this time.
Orders have been' issued by Major Bush,
commanding the first battalion of artil
lery, to the effect that, commencing Mon
day, January 20, there will be guard
mount every Monday at the . battalion
armory. The detail, for the guard is one
lieutenant, one sergeant, one corporal, one
musician and seven privates.
The following promotions are announced
in the battalion: Private Harry W. Mitch
ell of Battery B and Private Franklin H.
Locke of Battery A, each to the rank of
corporal; Private John W. Ellery- of Bat
tery C has been advanced to musician.
Upon recommendation of the command
er of Battery D, Corporal William K.
Bush has been reduced to the ranks for
neglect of duty, and Corporal Frederick
It. Haigh has been reduced at his own re
quest.
Twenty-one men have been discharged
from the regiment, ten on account of re
moval, eight for good of the service and
one each for term expired, dropped and
enlisted in the United States navy.
The major in reviewing the organiza
tion says:
There is every inducement to cause auch an
increase; a popular branch of the service, the
only artillery force in the State, line quarters,
new uniforms, a host of friends and a recog
nized appreciation on the part of superior
headquarters and the citizens of this city.
There is, therefore, every incentive to make
this the banner military organization of the
Pacific Coast, not only tn numbers, but in dU
cipllne and esprit de corps. Every officer and
man must assist. No laggards are wanted. A
strict and prompt attention to all duties on the
part of officers and men is required and will
be enforced. "Forward!" must be the counter
sign for the nfew year.
During the ' year there will be practice
marches, lectures and other entertainments.
IS I Are you languid — do your nose and eyes \\y §f||
/I water — are your nostrils inflamed — do you feel VU I 111
Ik mean and miserable, and all out of sorts with Viljif
m yourself and everybody else?
1 That is the way most people feel when they If/
lij s are suffering with a cold. • I|i
\wQ\ There is only one medicine, that will cure your 11/
\iln!! coJc * at once ~ t^ at wil1 g* ve y° u immediate relief ||j
\KI|-andrid the cause* of the cold, allay the inflamma- Jji
Imi tion and will stop the pain and brighten you up and give you vi- I
If/ tality and strength— make you feel like all well people like to feel f
lij — that Is Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine— a medicine of wonder- |
JBJ ful merit and a medicine that cures colds as soon as you take it. &
IS I Thaxe is no question about the curative powers of Halpruner's j
lij medicine for colas — thousands of people have been cured by its 1J
ill use. We have hundreds of testimonials from prominent people i\
if/, of San Francisco, stating that they have been cured of their colds II
/I/ by taking Halpruner's wonderful rnedicines. |l
JHI All druggists «eU Halpruner*8--K>o and *1 a bottle— th« dollar Hm eontainlnr thre« ttm«« 111
IJJI the quantity. of tho small size. I>o not let the druggist* talk you out of buying it, bat do- fal
/«/' Ban Francisco.. Sept. 29. '01. Tt have tried a good many Gentlemen! I destro to mO.0. e| I
I El Halpruner Medical MTg. Co.. remedies for colds, but I have my testimony to the vuluo of j
IMl 28 California St.. City.: Q never, found anything that your wonderful remedy. I -J I
I Ml Gentlemen: I consider Hal- wlU t* 00 * out colda "° Quick- Buffered the most severe aore if
I Ml rruner-B a very effective and y " y ° Ur Wonderful Med «- throat, so bad that I feared *f I
lm\ Pruner-s a very effective and cln^ i took a .avore cold last diphtheria, and waa cured in / 311
I mi quickly - curing remedy for week, which annoyed me con- one nigkt by Halpmner's I ml
1 HI colds ' Bore throat and bron - » lderabl y' bat I wa » <™red m 8h all hereafter keep the same Jiff
JKal chial troubles. I have used less than four hours after tak- In the house and take pleaaur© /r-'l
IfHI it and found It no myself, and' lnfr Halpruner'aT If anyone i n recommending It to all my I M t
{MX recommend It to --ny friends. doubts * hat H f Peer's will friends. Yours respectfully. ! M I
\1\ Tour, truly. J. SIMPSON, of £T w 8 " BERDIC^ Car° ? B °' /' Si " TH ' Prefc /&'
\1\ . Simpson * Fisher. 3,1*86 Zt^'^' TSal^o 'S g
\ six SteuRi* St.. S. J\. Cal. S. F. CaL g» F .. Cal. »«-. (MI
ADVERTISEMENTS^
. — j^S Too much of a good thing!
/*£ /^*~^* That's what we are all lia-
Cl x Q iPi/^ k* e to take during a holi-
J\V day season - Healthy, jolly
Nv^T^- 2j?Jl y\ people will do it and make
jjfffc**/) - themselves sick. "In time
ml wV^ •• J °^ P^ 2LCe P re P are f° r war,'*
t^% % C^L^'^ an d have about the house a
I rw&&T™^&%M> —^ pleasant, perfect, palatable,
\v\ YTyj^> positive medicine for sour
, — -^g» stomach, sick headache,
V ?r<^ .colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness^ furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
want; a tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure.
S55W _ _ -. «4_. Best for the Bowels. All dra«lst». roe, «se. S»e. Never sold In balk.
fiQj<&CjQjL6J$£) The cenuine tablet itamped C C C. Guaraatoed to cure or you*
money back. Sample and booklet free. Adtirssi
» «|' | | j| I'll >■" Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago «r Hew York. d
Orders are shortly expected from the honorable
Secretary of War dlectlng that th© battalion
receive instruction in coast artillery practice.
Company B of the First Infantry (the
old City Guard) held its sixTeenth annual
high Jinks In Union Square Hall last
week, on which occasion Lieutenant W.
N. Kelly acted as sire. The hall was
crowded with active members, ex-mem
bers, honorary members and friends.
Among the number were Colonel "W. C.
Little, who was captain of the company
for four years from 1861; Colonel George
R. Burdlck, who was captain from 18S5
for six years, and Major I. B. Cook, who
succeeded him for six years. During the
evening there were distributed handsome
prizes to each member of the company
who took part in the company shoot on
Thanksgiving day. There , were also
awarded the Taylor and Poole medals,
which were won by Sergeant Charles Lin
decker and Private A. Hoffman, respec
tively. Tbe Jinks was an unqualified suc
cess, the festivities continuing until mid
night, the principal contributors of num
bers being Richard Whalen, William
Hynes, Dr. W. H. Sieberst. Arthur Clif
ford, John : Fitzpatrick. Ed Treboiss,
George Keane. tbe Athenian Quartet.
members of the Olympic Club and Frank
M. Kelly. A pleasing feature of the even
ing was the presentation of a handsome
reclining chair to Lieutenant A. F.
""Ramm. who recently retired from active
service after having served sixteen years
in the company.
A square meal is one that will go
round.
PEACE AND GOOD WILL
EEIGN AT ST. PAUL'S
Bishop Nichols, Wills Approving the
Election of Board of Vestrymen,
Denounces Dissension.
Shaking hands all around may possibly
be the outcome of the heated controver
sies which have for some time been the
unhappy vogue among the portion of the
flock which learns of peace and good will
and brotherhood and the golden rule at
St. Paul's Episcopal Church. The Right
Reverend Bishop Nichols, In response to
appeals, has approved the election which
was the bone of contention between
Eugene R. Ellis, A. C. Rulofson and Dr.
Hlmmelsbach and the Rev. Dr. Reilly.
The charge against the pastor was that
he had controlled a meeting whereby ha
was enabled to place In office those of his
choice. He is now vindicated by Bishon
Nichols, who, at the same time, disap
proves of factional dlffarenAp among
any part of the worshipers atWt. Paul's.
Swedish-Americans Hold Festival
Tho Swedlsh-Americarr Hall Associates
held Its third annual festival at Turs
Vereln Hall on Turk street last nigSt,
The principal number on the programm«
was a lecture Illustrated with steroptlcos
views of scenery in Sweden by Charle»
Sumner. The objects of the assoclatio:
were outlined In a brief address by Alex
ander Olsson, editor of Vestkusten. Dane*
ing was inaugurated after the rendltioi
of the programme and continued to as
early hour.MINERS IN EMPLOY OF OAKLAND MAN
OFF TO SUMATRA TO LOOK FOR GOLD
THE customs officials were kept
busy on the water front yester
day. The Coptic sailed, for the
Orient, and the Curacao from
Mexican ports, the Hawaiian
from New York, via Central American
ports, and the "Walla Walla from Puget
Sound, via British Columbia, all made
port, -while an anxious crowd was await
ing the Australia, now fully due from
TahltL
There was nothing of any special lnter-
t AUVEaTISELEEIfTS.
IT IS IMPORTANT
To Know What You Are Taking
When Using Catarrh Medicine.
Catarrh. Is the short rout* to consump-
tion, and the Importance of early and Ju-
dlcious treaiment of catarrh, whether lo-
cated In th« head, throat or bronchial
tubes, cannot be too strongly emphasized.
The list of catarrh cures Is as long as
£Ee~ moral la-w and the forms In which
the/ are administered numerous and con-
fusing, from sprays, inhalers, washes,
ointments and salves to powders, liquids
And tablets.
The tablet form is undoubtedly the most
convenient and the most effective, but
•with nearly all advertised catarrh reme-
dies it is almost entirely a matter of
jeuesswork as to what you are taking Into
your system, as the proprietors, while
taaking all sorts of claims as to what
'their medicines will do, always keep it a
.close secret as to what they are.
The success and popularity of the new
catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, is
largely because it not only cures catarrh
but because catarrh sufferers who use these
tablets know what they are taking into
their systems. Btuart's Catarrh Tablets
£T© composed of Red Gum, Blood Root
fend similar valuable and antiseptic ingre-
dients, and ere pleasant to the taste and
dissolved in the mouth they take
immediate effect upon the mucous lining
©f the throat, nasal passages and whole
respiratory tract.
The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have accomplished in old chronic cases of
catarrh are little short of remarkable, and
the advantage of knowing what you are
cutting into your stomach is of para-
mount importance when It is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine habit has
beei frequently contracted as the result
tit using secret catarrh remedies.
Btuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with cor-
dial approval from physicians, because
their antiseptic character render them
o'erfectly safe for the general public to uso
and their composition makes them a com-
mon sense cure for all forms of catarrhal
troubles.
All druggists sell them at 50 cts. for full
sized packages. „ \- -
__
Repairs broken glasses. |
' Lenses duplicated for 50 \
cents — if astigmatic j
$1.00 or $i.?o. I
' 642 Market StJ
ROOFING SLATE,
.
We arc prepared to furnish unexcelled black.
BUO cray. rooflr.K >Oate. manufactured et our
quarries in El Doraflo County. We invite coa-
flMrimn with eny Kaeltrr. elate.
O:. molicatlon f>:ll Information will be fur-
:..- • • - '.Bitriidins buSSdere.
noom li. Second Floor. iUlU Building.
kjtii L ! ! U I 1 1 U :(C ovcrcJRtr ana
**Jlee»cUecicjair fc e
i—^»»- ■ — ■■■1 if a— iTiMittainwMfi
est in connection with any of the vessels,
excepting that seven of the steerage pas
sengers on the Curacao were detained and
that the Coptic took away nearly $500,000
In treasure. The Hawaiian made a record
run from New York, covering the dis
tance, with two stops, in sixty-one days,
•which is a remarkably fine showing for a
freighter.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Juan
was also among the departing fleet. She
took away about a dozen passengers and
a large cargo.
The French mail boat Ajistralia is be
hind time from Tahiti, that is if she got
away on her regular sailing day. Papeete
is a small port, however, and the accom
dation for shipping is none of the best.
Then, again Government letters may have
to be written at the last moment and
that might have detained the vessel. The
Australia will undoubtedly come in early
this morning.
LATTNCHTNG OF THE S0QX7EL.
The Soquel, a splendid new four
masted schooner, which is destined to
play a prominent part in the coast lum
ber traffic, was successfully launched
yesterday afternoon at 1 o'clock at Stone's
shipyard at Harbor View. The ceremony
of dispatching the new craft from, her
cradle into the waters of the bay was
accomplished without a hitch. As the
last restraining blocks were knocked
from beneath her keel, and as she com
menced to glide gracefully down the de
cline, Miss Clara Schaefer broke a bot
tle of champagne over her bow and
christened her the "Soquel," which means
Indian Chief.
The new vessel drifted several hundred
feet out into the water and was taken in
tow by the Sea Queen. She was towed
around to pier No. 2 at the foot of Mis
sion street, where she will be rigged and
prepared for service.
The SoQuel was built for J. R. Hanify
& Co., the wholesale lumber dealers. Her
keel Is 185 feet long, she is fifteen feet
deep, forty-one feet wide and has a ca
pacity of 1,000,000 feet of lumber. It Is ex
pected that she will be completely
equipped in about a month. The Soquel
will be by far the best built and speediest
boat engaged In the local lumber business.
Captain O. Anderson, formerly of the
Luzon, has been selected to take charge
of the new boat.
Sailing of the Coptic.
The Occidental & Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for Hongkong,
via Honolulu, Yokohama and Kobe yes
terday. She carries a very valuable car
go, among which is a large consignment
of flour and more than $500,000 In treasure.
Her cabiii passengers were:
For Yokohama — G. P. Godsey, Mrs. G. P.
Godsey. Mrs. P. Clarke and servant, N. J. Sar
gent, Mrs. N. J. Sargent, Rev. R. A. Torrey,
Mrs. R. A. Torrey.
Kobe — W. F. Browning, R. Emison, Mrs.
Hunter Sharp, Mrs. A. G. Stewart, Mis Helen
Stewart, Mrs. M. A. Suydam, Mrs. E. W.
Ti Naga6aki— H. B. Albright. Hon. C. B. Har-
I ~^~ UYouWahtTheBfift ||
I f|r Jlifr KOHN BRO&. MAKER51
g £ $'. CHICAGO. H
1 § H H If your dealer does not handle |
lift ll the "GAYROCK BRAND" I
I Jig write us and we will furnish 1
1 W ill e name °- one w h° d° es - 1
rl rap Wfl Write for our large map of the United States B
U sent free on application. Address Dept. B, - I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER SO
QUEL, WHICH WAS LAUNCHED
YESTERDAY AT STONE'S YARD.
ris, United States Consul, and H. 8. Babbitt.
Shanghai — Rev. F. R. Graves, Miss A. B.
Hartwell, Miss J. L. Pettlgrew and Miss M.
D. Wllliford.
Hongkong — Miss P. Cosgrave and majd, C.
F. Davis, Miss Katherine Dillon, W. S. Ed
wards, John Enterline, F. W. Fox, Mrs. F.
W. Fox, J. A. Kelley, W. Lawrence, Wlnfleld
Robbins, Rev. H. R. Talbot, G. D. Taylor, H.
D. Washburn and Miss L. F. Whilden.
Honolulu — H. K. Dutton, Mrs. H. F. Dutton
and Miss Gertrude Dutton.
Messrs. Lawrence, Edwards, Taylor and
Kelley are bound for Sumatra. They aro
miners and have been engaged by J. K.
Carpenter of Oakland to do some pros
pecting for him in the Dutch possession.
Mr. Carpenter has recently returned from
Sumatra and has a great deal of faith in
the gold mines of the country. As a re
sult of his investigation he is sending the
quartet named back to look after his In
terests.
Two others of the passengers are Miss
Katherine Dillon and Miss P. Cosgrave,
■who are making the round trip to Hong
kong and back for pleasure.
Curacao Arrives From. Mexico.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports yes
terday after a very fair run. The first
day out from San Francisco the most In
teresting event of the voyage occurred.
A baby girl was brought into the world,
and all the women folk were kept busy
for hours, and in consequence forgot all
about their seasickness. Before the ves
sel reached Mazatlan the baby had been
christened Curacao Vesquez, and as such
she will be known through life. The of
ficers and crew all made up a fund and a
silver christening mug was bought for the
little one. The father of the child had
been working at the Union Iron Works,
but wanted to get back to Mexico, so he
hurried his wife away, much against her
will. Both mother and child were doing
well when the Curacao left Mazatlan on
her way home. Those who came up on
the Curacao are:
J. S. Corrlgan, W. S. Hlatt, Claude Domboy,
Barah Sabin, Panfilo R. Santlni, John Coiaulo,
W, J. Heney, J. W. Carlson, Anton Planner,
Teresa de la Herran. Agustin Arata, Anita R.
Perez. Ysabel Reyes, Carlota Reyes, Guada
lupe Reyes, Lorenzo Reyes, EliJIo Reyes, Fran
cisco Miranda, Tnes Miranda, Juan Miranda,
Nieves Llanos, Vidal Olachea, Lorenzo Olachea,
Josera Green, N. G. Sue See, Chee Jose and
Gee Shun.
W. J. Heney is the representative of
Flores, Hale & Co. at Magdalena Bay.
and comes up on business connected with
the concern. The company has started a
manufactory of fiber out of the sisal plant
and Is said to be doing well.
Charters.
The British bark Castor will load wheat at
Portland for Europe, 33s 9d, chartered prior to
arrival. The German Bhip C- H. Waetjen is
chartered for wheat at Port Los Angeles for
Europe, 37s 6d; option of San Francisco, 38s
9d; Portland. 41s 3d, prior to arrival. Tho
ship BenJ. F. Packard loads coal at Oyster
Harbor for this port; the schooner Halcyon,
lumber and merchandise *at this port for La
Paz; the schooner Wm. Bourden. . lumber on
Puget Sound for Sydney, 40s; Melbourne or
Adelaide, 47a 6d, chartered prior to arrival.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Juan, which sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Central America valued at $73,
070; Mexico, $10,678; Panama, $3556; Callao,
Peru, $550. The principal exports and their
destinations were as follows:
To Central America — 2877 bbls flour, 10 cs
ammunition. 6 cs shoes, ft cs axle grease, 27
l>kgs bottled beer, 238 lbs butter, 300 lbs borax,
JOE ROSENSEKG'S. | JOE BOSENBEBG'S. j JOE'BOBEMBKBQ»a. ' | JOE HOSENBEBQ'S.
E^x^x^xw^^^om^J There will be values for you to I
rememfcer for "years to come. pff| I
1L ML^^A S^n Stout Women, Attention ! Our Warwick Gloves H
m^Pk^^^*** 000 *''^ 0k Irresistible ft jft corsets 5?e C r Q eV<T: Are Saddle-Seam Sewn.. |
flBffftfjjrri &^&&i Vt/**£innn*> B*S!t\ dn\ lutionizlng women's r-r~~^ you k 110^ why saddle gj
i^Enrl^^^^^nlCf w&ifi* Wrapper • •'■ ■ /*^! hsh) fisure and carriage; jL/2^% seam-sewsj gloves wear so j£j
g Sr ♦ J&&T C, n «,, tv M^ Bargains. . f tf fl IA a natural position; 'mA with a tnread tha * hajs a tt
■ | JL *~ V rune/ sfffffiw t 4™-^' wpabbpuo BBSS' 'MA lengthen the waist. uflMi breaking test of 100 lbs. Or- jyj
Itr^t Aii-msash i|n SifSolf ft, -Ms. a,' iKt.-s.r.s ™ w.v^iff'^Esassjl
fad* HTffSSS nl , **. Wimvk foot nA P lt tn d n ? l % l ~ **«£&> <SiAS«» waist line running style, fit and finish? Give thesa a trial fj
I* f J^| R,bbon 25C. Wm gg^lS&^V*- BEFORE. AFTER, '"AS of very best Russia |
■ ffljhW&s lr, mm ™,.™i h Z?£l braifl -^- ' dom to the lmigs Wd, saddle seam sewn, one clasp, 1
rnncrTrm/rnPiTrAPT lleeves ronTns^oHar fun an ? enabling deep, full breathing. Cir- stitched back, fac simile of Dent. Note I
CORSET COVERSATfOST MSfc^" ? en e e v t^ "•«♦« "width n£ cular belt-around the bottom sets snug- the price --SLOT) B
a 8 a fcader for w. taow that Housewives! wKl '"CTS 6 .« p £S, b /V rt & *^^ of ' I
every one sold means a pleased cus- -^ T „ t Grecque corset. If you are In the habit ~nf Kt™i^w™n «S^f j£,J£ JJSi I
> .«. « »*#■■— — -~— xaere are xwo very spe- of hnvinr rnrneta marie ♦»* .-...,},,.. _*.._ cent .Australian wool, steam snninJc ana ki
tomer, who will be the means of JCT cial things in aprons for these^ a frial and y^u wm J^Ir medicated; good fast black: ankla B
sending others to our Muslin Un, 'JKW&fH y ° U- another. Less than half the coat of a length: French band. Large size , 60c; B
dprwpnr rmintpr Tf ic morio nf 1?*&LKU FIRST-LADIES' AP- made-to-order corset «4 OO sma11 Elze 50c K
derwear counter. It is made of dfliiggg, RONS, made of best &4.UU j^sq LADIES' TIGHTS, made of H
good soft bleached muslin, high or m \\ B *TT ' checked gingham, deep YVhpn Dnwntnu/n TaL-a z* Australian wool, crocheted bands, which m
low neck fitted all nofttW martfi UM I flUtf hemmed bottom, bib and «"Cil UUWIUUWII I dKe a fit snugly and make no bulk at the waist H
low necK, nrcea, ail neatly made /«ffl OgS f shoulder straps, wide Pppn in flt Olir Rihhnnc or hl P s . crocheted and drawn through M
and well finished. Our price K c strings, colors blue. r CC|l III dl uur niDDOnS. with tape; ankle length. The most per- fj
aflWi JiaL checked or brown. Un- When you see the quality and the prices feet fitting and most comfortable article El
Pre-eminence in the Sale of «*^ %%££%gM i|^^^^^||
Muslin Underwear kitchen APR8Ns.»aae 'JrJiSi f°*?- <^l."Sf o M ""fr 'S" T Handkerchiefs - 'l
«.*.««**<„ .*.«** 1T^iTSr&jrSrJSA l SS& LowerThan Ever. : I I
than molt using only the Theft and **!»« No. 1; comes in ten-yard pieces. 15c pc. chief counters this week we have H
L """ f 11UDl ' uo '"s uuiji me oesi, anu _. _. „ «»«_*. - .«.«»»» *•*■• marked our handkerchiefs at a. verv 1!
Sffla^wa.^pfSShtrii'S Are You Particular About A Striking Bargain in Our 3S^
ISVJTSS/'^TAnTr,. Your Underwear? Suit Deoartment •.ffiffin?tJS r k.hS t thS-ja. t(> |
< -^%l JX A :^ :P:L f • e , have IE §; w« are and in conseauence "tsparimeni. Ladles' Handkerchiefs, made of rood F
GOWNS, made of best quality soft aceeot nothSuc but "the very v: LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS lawn, laee or embroidered edg«. 3 . six in H
V?1W best P and buy "n sucn qulntmes <£* made of best quality woli fancy embossed boxes tied with satta I
shaped neck neckTnd Hlleve? finished VV\ that we get special prices on all .- ■• ng In new chalk-line ribbon. Regular 75c value, now 50c B
with neat hemstitched- ruffll full lh>n£th \ 1J orders. JifiX effect, flare flounce, stitched GENTS' HANDKERCHlfeFS, made ■
and width Manufacturers nrice SflJ TIB I Vt"RRT Wi^ havo T ATiTFS' )K& bottom i seams welted with of best quality silk, hemstitched, colored I
and wjOth. Manufacturer s price.. 50t SB I cg^fSTwonwiTS™^ /7^ rows of machine sUtchlng. in- borders, good size. Best 50c handker- B
rtb oStS^o Ll AI i IES , / ) SPifS,hii*lnV o^Ji^Xi^rt //A- back, well-made arid chief made. Oar clearing price 25c H
C ~Jtt\ SKIRTS, made of ( / of very best silk and wool, neck JJ/&: perfect fitting, being • strictly =n- i.-t.-j «* t«- H
good soft bleached I / and fly crocheted with best silk, >ftfl£fV man-tailored. A well-made 50c ■ nstea " Of 75c . 1}
MXvk ■ E !i 1 l Bl 1 l n !i-- aeep h^ m * -V / Decl L dr «K? n through, with silk «^&4i high-grade , skirt, selling at OB GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS. H
//wfTVVv stitched flounce, trim- Lf wash ribbon high neck, long n&p's*' the same price others ask for made of Irish lawn, deep hem. hand- H
/fyLiH * \V med with fancy ma- P . sleeves, ankle length Never #. an inferior article »4 TK made initials, six in box: no better hand- H
OW^i^rV^K ? hine -" utch . ea cor *- \ before sold, under $4.00. Very - kerchief made than this at the price- ?3
buy material for ffif pTiTwe^Tr neck lon^^Ss^Tck^ocffid wfti For the NewYear?- Rne Dressing Sacques. fl
skirt all made P . 3 0e silk ' and* drawif' ?hrou|h OCh wi t th W 6 k *". ond stunning novelties in Veiling. J 2iJi«55S^ H S!Se.'WhS^ l U2 I
I - -- n -r .. ta P e - Colors, pink, blue and white. Most ; Just received a brand ffiKS *"«,?/ h!£F « i V pr nrt??Z^ h H
Interesting Purse Talk. reasonable for .............si.ss Jggfr ; ~w lotof veilings ft^d-^S^^-ST^rSutoS |
A full line of PURSES, made of best U/ a FIrt#l U/« A**** A*/««. yJS^^t^ variety and stvlP in J a P an - but American cut. ' £
pressed seal grain leather, combination We Tind We Are Over- fi^MMl newest Parisian 'effects LADIES' SACQPES. made of best |
purse and card-case style, riveted steel St nr k Of l VVIth Nprk Rurhfx; H some chiffon, others Japanese aullted silk with best wool H
frame, machine sewn, not glued; good JlOCKea VVIlll l\eCK nliCneS I 3»?§3§§S§a\ plain or fancv meshea wadding, frog trimmed front, in all the Sj
and strong; can't possibly lose money And have taken all the slow sellers ana ,' E£S*22£Sg# i embroidered figure or new Oriental color combinations such jH
from a purse of thia kind. Nor will you marked them at actual cost. I W^TyXvLj velvet and chenille dot- as P ale ereen lined with pale pink, or m
lose money buying a purse at this price. They are made of good quality Liberty \ I .' VA f% ted; others in the new cherr y llned wltQ roval blue « 1J K ht bln^ H
••• «"• • 2oC silk, warranted good black, full accor- «»•-*— complexion mesh; all lined with pink. All sizes, from 34 to 48. H
We still hare a few of those wonderful deon ends « r »che full and fluffy; all to up-to-date and best possible value for the Unusual value for 84.25 I
traveler's sample purses left. To close be sold at one price............ 35c money .........5Oc We ha re ,some surpassmg ra lues ,n our |
them out we will offer tome great bargains "Iftr nAArilinPnA 5B1A MAP1TT7T QTOTTFT Dressing Sacque Department. |-
Thev are ladies combination n ,,rp, lliL DilVLWilULyn Ifl AKJirj 1 DlnHiJbl, LADIES' SACQUES made of good l\
sH4stii™°^B JUt KydtPJDfcKb S^S^>3^w|
able; all great bargains ..15c Mail Orders Solicited- PHELAN BUILDING. &uy'4erfat..7..^f^"...V.!f^.tr.^f:f.4»c I
46 ctls barley, 51 gals brandy, 202 lbs hearts,
243 lbs bread, 63 cs assorted canned poods.
3054 lbs codfish, 4920 gals coal oil, 80 bbls ce
ment, 43 pkgs candles, 3095 lbs corn, 9 tons
coal, 18 tons coke, 502 pkgs dry goods, 617 lbs
dried fruit, SI bales cotton domestics, 57 pkgs
drugs, 55 pkgs fresh fruit, 418 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 07 pkgs hardware, 211 lbs hops,
519 lba ham and bacon, tl bales leather, 44 cs
and 233 gals liquors, Stfl.400 ft lumber, 11,370
lbs malt, 15,723 lbs mlllstuffs, 12S pksrs ma
chinery, 22 kegs nails, 23 crts onions, 635 crts
potatoes, 60 kegs powder, 392 pkgs paints and
oils, 23 bdls paper. 7 pkgs paste, 7040 lbs resin,
41,063 lbs rice. 2433 lbs raisins. 17 pkgs rope,
CO cs salmon, 355 lbs seeds, 1089 lbs spices, 17
cs soap, 1133 Ib3 and 1 drum sida, 41,178 lbs
tallow, 22 pkgs telephone goods, 20 gals and
101 cs whisky, 7228 gals and 69 cs wine, 611
reels barbed wire, 102 kegs staples.
To Mexico — 1500 reels barbed wire, 80 kegs
staples, 25 cs arms and ammunition, 10 bales
dry goods, 1350 lbs millstuffs, 28 drums cocoa
nut oil, 20 bbls rcsln, 74 lbs cheese, 323 lbs
butter. 714 lbs bread, 2 bales hose 212 lbs nuts,
140 lbs codfish, 408 lbs spices, 3 pkgs drugs,
1323 bdls shooks, 50 bxs fresh fruit, 39 pkgs
machinery, 248 lbs ham, 12 cs wine, 55 pkgs
hardware, T pkgs paints nnd oils, 1 pk pro
visions, 87 crts onions, 117 crts potatoes, 1800
gals coal oil.
To Panama — 6000 gals wine, 250 bbls flour,
152 pkgs groceries and provisions, 7 pkgs dry
goods, 1 cs shoes.
To Callao, Peru — 6158 lbs dried shrimps.
Exports to the Orient.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
$244,146, manifested and destined as follows:
For China, $104,518; Japan, S106,930; Manila,
$24,246; East Indies, $G77S; Vladivostok, $412;
Korea, $612; South Africa, ?650. The cargo
included the following:
To China — 14,635 bbls Hour, 30 cs bottled
beer, 11 cs bread, 2 cs brandy 456 cs canned
goods, 4612 lbs cheese, 1150 lbs codfish, 5039
lbs dried fish. 1090 bales cotton domestics, 2740
lbs dried fruit, 26 pkgs drugs, 829 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 6 pkgs fresh fruit, 1499
lbs ginseng, 1877 lbs ham and bacon, 11 pkgs
hardware. 10 bdls leather. 600 lbs lard, 6820
lbs millstuffs, 200 lbs nuts, 0150 lbs pearl bar
ley, 1000 lbs dried peas, 7 pkgs 230 lbs raisins,
67 cs salmon, 20 cs eoap, 157 gals wine, 068
bdls wire. »
To Japan — 1260 bbls flour, 19 crts bicycles
and sundries - 3 cs canned goods, 1543 bales
cotton. 247 lbs cheese, 2 bales dry goods, 8
pkgs electrical goods, 645 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 34 bales- hose, 74 pkgs hardware,
377 lbs ham and bacon, .361 pkgs leather, 3172
pigs lead. 4 pkgs machinery, 5 pkgs rubber
goods, 145,232 lbs tanbark, 93 gals whisky,
105 gals wine, 459 bdls wire.
To Manila — 1001 cs salmon, 77 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 22 cs assorted canned goods,
1000 bbls beer, 813 lbs soda, 21 bbls floUr, 361
gals wine, 2000 crts potatoes, 54 pkgs fresh
fruit, 440 lbs butter, 5 cs drugs, 500 lbs codfish
8 pkgs dry goods, 5 pkgs machinery, 18 cs sta
tionery, 13 cs shoes, 30 pkgs paper, 92 pkgs
type and printing material, 6 rolls leather.
To East Indies— 355 cs salmon, 21,122 lbs
hops, 192 cs assorted canned goods, 18 pkgs
machinery, 1872 lbs millstuffs, 1000 lbs codfish.
To Korea — 10 cs assorted canned goods, 2 cs
bread, 10 bbls lamps, 2 pkgs dry goods.
Toi Vladivostok — 4 cs shoes, 50 bxs fresh
fruit.
To South Africa — 50 cs canned salmon, 150
cs assorted canned goods.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From.. Due.
Mandalay.... San Pedro Dec 29
Australia.... Tahiti Dec. 29
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Dec 20
Despatch San Pedro Dec. 20
Herodot...... Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. J»
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Dec. 29
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 'M
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Dec. 29
Alliance...... Portland & Coos Bay... Dec 30
Arcata..;.... Coos Bay & Pt. Orrcrd. Dec. 30
SantaBarb.. Humboldt Dec 30
Empire.:.... Coos Bay Dec. SO
Washtenaw,. Taeoma Dec SO
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Taeoma Dec. HO
Edith Seattle Dee 31
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma Dec. 31
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria..... Dec. 31
Rival Willapa Harbor Dec 31
Crescent City Crescent City Dec. 31
Coronado.... San Pedro Dec. 31
Maria. ....... Nanalmo ,. Dec 31
Pomona Humboldt Dec 31
S.Portland.. Seattle , Dec. 31
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 1
Mackinaw... Taeoma ..'..... Jan. 1
C. Nelson.... Humboldt Jan. 1
San Pedro.... San Pedro Jan. 2
Navarro..... Point Arena Jan. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Jan. 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 2
Nome City... Seattle Jan. 2
Eureka...... Humboldt Jan. < 2
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan. 3
Strathgyle... Portland Jan. 3
Santiago Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. 4
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. .4
Nicaria.... .. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan. fi
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria..... Jan. 5
Ventura...',.. Sydney & Way Ports... Jan. 0
■■ TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 29. - '
North Fork Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
R. Dollar. . Seattle & Everett... 6pm Pier 2
Sequoia. . . . Grays Harbor. ...... 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven .5pm Pier 16
Santa Ana. Seattle & Taeoma... lOamlPler 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. |U am|Pler 24
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 ami Pier 11
December 3D. • I ■ • -■
Eureka.... Humboldt 12 mPlerlS
Rainier Seattle & N Whatcm 6 pm Pier i
• December 31.
Mandalay.. Coquille Klver....... 5pm Pier 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9am Pier 16
Januarj' 1.
C. Nelson.. Los Angelea 5 pm Pier 2
■Arcata Coos Bay'& Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Empire.... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier »
January 2.
Pomona... Humboldt l:30p Pier 3
Coronado.. Grays Harbor . . 5 pm Pier 2
Nome City. San Diego ...... Pier —
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5pm Pier 2
'Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
January 3.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am Pier 24 i
January 4.
Point Arena Point Arena ....... 2pm|Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor .... SpmlPler 2
J. S. Kimba Seattle & Taeoma... 10 am|Pler 2
Amer. Man China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
January 0.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11am Pier 9
Coos Bay.. Newport & Way.... 0am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE. _
Steamer. For. Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 30
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec 31
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. S
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak Jan. 7
Sub, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The , high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the eame at both places.
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29.
Sun rises , 1\2±
Sun sets ; «.4:58
Moon rises 9:55 p. m.
"5 Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
©HW LW H W . L W
29 2:56 6.4 8:08 ~SL5 2^06 ~H!i "iTil ~O1
30 3:38 8.4 9:17 . 2.4 3:10 4.6 9:16 0.C
31 4:21 5.5 10:30 2.2 4:10 4.2 10:01 1.2
1 5:16 5.6 11:50 1.8 5:41 3.6 11:07 •■« 1.8
2 6:05 5.4 12:49 1.6 7:02 3.7 .'....
L. W H W L W H V?
3 0:02 2.3 6:52 5.4 1:42 1.2 8:16 37
4 0:51 /2.6 7:35 5.4 2:20 0.8 9:18 "3.8
5 1:40 2.8 8;16 5.4 3:10 - 0.4 10:10 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column • and the successive tides of . the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except -when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. --.,-.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 28. !
Stmr Hawaiian, Banfield, 61 days from New'
York, via St Lucia 52 days, via Coroncl 20
days.
Stmr Scotia, Walviy, 11 hours from Bowens
Landin;.
Stmr Arctic, EVickson, 16 hours from Forty
Brag^. • . . /
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 2G hours from Eureka
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, U6& hours from
Victoria, etc.
,Stmr Newsboy, ' Johannsen, 22 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 10 days from Guay
mas and way ports, via Ensenada 46 hours
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 40 hours from
Ventura; up river direct; in tow of tug Res
cue. » .
;:.;: CLEARED. ;C^V
Saturday, December 23.
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mall BS Co.
Stmr Chlco, . Jensen, Alberna; Swayne' &
Hoyt. / ., " t ... • ■■ •
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, ■ San Dieeo*
Goodall, Perkins & Co. * '
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand. Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Stmr North Fprk, Fosen, Eureka; Chas Nel
son Co.
Br atmr Coptic, Rlnder, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu; O & O S8 Co.
Ship Tillie E Starbuck, Curtis,* Honolulu:
Welch & Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Ekrem. Comox; R
Dunsmu ir'H Sons Co. .
Bark Santiago, Engalla, Hllo; J D Spreckela
& Bros Co. •
SAILED.
Saturday, December 28.
Stmr W H Krueer. Krog, Tlllamook Bay.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt,' Mendocino.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Portland.
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama and way
ports.
Stmr ' CMco.' Jensen, - Alberna. • .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, : Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, . San : Pedro. '
Br stmr CoDtic. Kinder, Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu. - - . . .
Bark Levl G Burgess, Tounygren, Taeoma.
Whaling bark John and Wlntbrop, Macom
ber, whaling cruise.
Brig Harriet G, Pedersen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta. Halvordsen. Slualaw River.
Schr Nettle ■ Sundbonc. Laraen. .
Schr Robert R Hind. Erickson. Port Blake
ley. . .
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, - — .
Schr J B Leeds. Landgre, Eureka. ;
Schr Ocean Spray. SJageen. Bowens Land-
Ins-
Schr Queen, Nielsen. Grays Harbor.
MISCELLANEOUS. >
£chr S Danlelson drifted foul of Fr bark
Conetable de Richemont. anchored off Melggs
wharf. Schr had yawl stove in alongside, also
starboard rail and bulwarks badly chafed
and carried away jib atay. Was towed clear
by tus Amalie.
The schr Soquel was successfully launched
to-day from the Fulton Iron Works. Vessel
was built for J R Hanify & Co.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec 28— The ship Santa,
Clara is still hard and fast on Trial Island.
All efforts of tugs to move her hare proved
fruitless. Captain stin has hopes of saving
vessel.
The Br ship Bankburn, which drifted from
Royal Roads, was located this morninsr safe
at anchor off San Juan Island in 29 fathoms
of water.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Hawaiian, from New York. Dec 28
— Experienced stormy weathef between New
York and St Lucia. Had a heavy Kale from
the South Atlantic lasting 48 hours. In Straits
of Magellan had cloudy weather, with much
rain and some fog. In the Pacific fine weather.
Have had very heavy NW sea for last 48"
hours. At 6 p m. Dec 1, lat 48 45 S, Ion 76 45
W, met rtmr California, Honolulu for New
York. Noon, Dec 24, lat 18 83 N. Ion 108 C5
W, met stmr American, hence Dec 16, for
New York.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. Dec 18, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity .12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON — Arrived Dec 2S — Schr Corinthian,
hence Dec 17.
COOS BAY — Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Dec 28— Br
stmr Pifig Suey, from Kobe, for Seattle.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 2S — Stmr Homer,
henco Dec 26: stmr Chas Nelson, hence Dec
27; schr Jessie Minor, hence Dec 15; schr Eva,
hence Dec 17. . .
Sailed ' Dec 2S — Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec . 28 — Stmr City of
Seattle, from .Skagw«y; stmr Tamplco, from
PORT " HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 28— Bktn
ljF*s\ A Short Talk ,
Tl.,, /•„-.-. * nKMminnno ture of such treatments that is more grate-
1112 farCat W£VaieilCe fui to the average man tBah anything else
V-kF DISEASE AMONG MEN. EITHER »s the eliminating of p«iaful processes and
O dire, Tiy lotatVd in some part of the the use of knife and Instrument. ; The old-
nervouT system or the result of weakness, time metHod. •till employed by physicians,
dissipation or neglect, may be explained by requiring ■ a. f patient to underso torturing
the fact that this is man's weakest part- operations is one of the fearful conse-
the most easily affected, the most vital in Quenwsof the' troubles that Dr. Meyers &
Its relation to general health, and requir- Co. have consigned to the past.
. ing the most proficient knowledge and ex- a it TU-^-oc nf Mpl>
perience in its cure. All 111320525 ,OI IVlCll
While the average physician keeps well treate< , by these well known physicians
informed of the advancement in general wlth the broad know iedge and «-
medical and surgical treatments, yet few . QuUUtf rare faclm ies are*o much
are able. to devote the time and expend the gre^^ t^g^ any oth<r physician has at
money necessary In equipping themselves hls command that they have €St abUshed the
for the modern treatment in men s diseases. repat ation as specialists for men from one
AI «rrto Drnnnrfinn of Men * nd to tne other ct the paclflc coast. Lead- .
Large JfrOpOrilOll UI 1 itU lng citizens, as well as the humblest labor-
Who have come to U3 for treatment have ers. from all parts of the State have been
admitted that their family iphysleian seems freed from disease by these specialists
' ■ at a loss Just to how. to treat their disease, when all other physicians had pronounced
Many patients have placed themselves un- them Incurable.
der our care whose disease, instead of be- Dr. Meyers & Co. have at instant com-
ing benefited by such inadequate treat- inand every curative agent, every known
ment had taken deeoer root, in some cases facility for removing disease. No amount
having ■■ developed Into ailments very serl- of time or labor is considered too great if
ous in nature, which would -have ultimate- it will spare a patient one moment's pain :
ly resulted in that death which is abhorred or inconvenience. It may be said that even ;
■ by every man. : , . • ... - th« location and arrangement of offices and ,
•C'f/.TLi M«J««t« M«*k«Jr .rooms is calculated to save patients time
Ill2 MOQSril IVletllOuS *nd afford them the privacy which is ap- .
Of curing men's diseases, as one might sup- Predated by the average man.
pose from his own knowledge of medical . nOTTlP ClirC^ '
Science; aim to relieve the patient aa quick- - . "UiUK UUrO
ly as possible; not only curing the disease . Men who are unable to visit the office
permanently, but curing it with agencies will be treated through the mail. Write
which will leave no trace on the patient's fof private book.' dtagnosia sheet, free, arl-
- constitution and health. Perhaps the fea- vice, prices, etc. Consultation free.
DR, MEYEBS & CO., 73 ISL S^
HOURS — Daily, 0 to 12 and 1 to f: evenings. 7. to 8: Sundays 9 to 11.
Tain o' Shanter, hence Dec 13.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 28 — Ger ship
Lita. irom Honolulu; stmr Nome City, from
Seattle; bark Castor, from TocaDiUa; stmr
Strathgyle, from San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 2S-^Fr bark FrancoU Cocoe. for
Queenstown.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 2S— Sehr TV K
Jewett, from Taeoma; stmr San Pedro, hence
Dec 26; rtmr Bonita, from : schr Emma
Utter, from Coca Bay.
Sailed. Dec 28 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cUco. ' -
PORTLAND — Sailed Dec C8 — Stmr Argyll,
for St Vincent; stmr Columbia, for San Fran-
Cisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 28 — Am stmr Macki
naw, from San Francisco; Am schr William
Bowden, from San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 28 — Aus stmr Marianne, for Se
attle.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Na
tional City, bence Dec 27.
ISLAND PORT.
HANA— Sailed Dec 13— Schr H C Wright,
for San Francisco. ;; ..
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 27— Ger stmr Nl
caria, for San Francisco.
CUXHAVEN— Arrived Dec 27— Ger bark
Alsterchwan, from Hamburg, for Honolulu
{captain sick).
GREENOCK — Sailed Dec 27 — Br ship Strom
sa. for San Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 22— U S stmr Row
crars. from Astoria.
LONDON — Arrived Dec 27 — Ger stmr Sera
pis, hence Sept 16.
MAURITIUS — In port Nov 7 — ScSr Frank W
Howe, from Xew York, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Cam
pania, for Liverpool; stmr Phoenicia, for Ham
burg:; stmr Mlnnehaha. for Hamburg: stmr
Statendam. for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr
Hohenzollern. for Genoa and Naples; stmr Vic
toria, for Glasgow.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Dec 28— Star
Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong; stmr Kinishiu Mara, from Seattle.
Dec 26 — Stmr Glenogle. from Taeoma. for
Hongkong-.
CALCUTTA — Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Klrkdale.
for San Francisco.
HAVRE— Sailed Deo 2S— Stmr L'Aquitalnt,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Frlesland,
for Nsw York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Saxonia.
for New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Deo 23— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow, for New York.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Victoria,
for Taeoma. - • -^ .; - .
The ostrich can tickle any woman with
his feathers.
2526
CORONER'S JURY
BLAMES COFFEY
Inquiries Into Cause of
Deaths of Savarino
and Gardoni.
Local Official Declaration Is
Made Regarding the Up
lands Wreck.
A Coroner's Jury heard the testimony
terday concerning th© deaths of Francis
Savarino and Johti Gardoni, who died
from injuries received In the Uplands
railroad -wreck on December 19, and re
turned a verdict which fastens the blame
of the disaster upon Engineer John "W.
Coffey. The inquest rcom was crowded
almost to suffocation with eager listeners.
Especially interesting was the testimony
of Coffey, th© man who piloted the Ill
fated train to destruction.
Harrr Preston Wallis, conductor of
train ICo. 10, southbound, of which O.
Konold was engineer, testified that- he
received orders at King City, at which
place he arrived at 12:11 on the morning
of the disaster. He left King City at
12:40 with the order to meet train No. 9
at Uplands, where he was to take the
Elding. He said that when he approached ■
the Biding: the train was slowing down
and when the collision took place it was
almost. at a standstill. The brakes were
set on solid. "When we ran into N"o. 10
It was like going into a. mountain and for
this reason No. 10 was not materially
damaged," he said. "In another half
minute the engineer would have had time
to reverse the engine."
A. Konold. engineer of No. 10, gave tes
timony that did not entirely agree with
that of the conductor. He said that he
saw the approaching train two miles
away and slowed down to get the switch.
He blew the whistle one-half mile away,
but there was no way of warning: the
engineer of the other train. "My train
wes moving five miles an hour when we
collided," he said. "I put on the emer
gency brakes and Jumped, giving a warn
ing- to the fireman."
W. J. Williams, conductor on train No.
9, testified that he received orders at San
Ardo to meet No. 10 at Uplands and that
he delivered a copy of them to Coffey.
From the side step he saw No. 10 ap
proaching and pulled the bell to stop. He
saw the switch light which . he passed,
going about thirty miles an hour. He
knew of nothing that should engage the
attention of the engineer outside of his
Immediate work.
Then Coffey was called. It was evi
dent from his manner that the engineer
has suffered from a severe nervous 6traln
Eince the fateful night when he piloted
the train In its mad ride to ruin.
"When we reached Santa Margnerita,"
he said, "the engine was in good trim-
There was nothing on my mind to worry
me. I received the orders and understood
them.
"Some trains differ from others in the
handling and this was my first time with
this engine. The injector on the left side
was working properly. I supposed the
injector on the right side was working
right, but had never seen one of that
make before. The engineer who brought
the locomotive down told me about the
new injector and how it worked. At Santa
Marguerita I worked on it and found
that I was forced to give it more than
usual attention to see that it furnished
the boiler a proper amount of water. As
it did not work to my satisfaction I made
the greater part cf the run with one in
jector."
Close Up Your Old Books
And start the new year with a set of our
patent back, fiat opening Bookkeeping
Books — a boon to bookkeepers, and no
more expensive than the old style hump
back books. Our Pen Carbon Books and
Manifold Fountain Pens are labor savers
to all who write. New line of Waste Bas
kets and all kinds of office supplies at
reasonable prices. Daily Journals and
Calendar Pads for 1902. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Embezzler Fleishman Loses Suit.
II. J. Fleishman, the Los Angeles em
bezzler, were he still In the ranks of th»
law-abiding, would be the loser of a few
hundred dollars by a decision of the Su
preme Court rendered yesterday. Fleish
man made a contract for the improve
ment of a piece of land, and when the
time came for settlement he instituted
legal proceedings to make the transac
tion void through what he claimed were
errors in the documents of agreement.
The Supreme Court found against him.
B ■
j 219 GRANT AVENUE f
□ For the Past Eight Years at 115 Kearny Street ■
S §
| After Holiday Goods at Reduced Prices |
I All Seasonable Goods . I
B '• gj
g DOUBLE BREASTED BOX JACKETS. ir> tan, castor and S
g blacK. Satin lined. Good value $13 50. for g
1 $9.00 S
g DOUBLE BREASTED THREE-QUARTER COATS, in tan. S
Q castor and black- Satin lined. Real value $18.50. for h
S $12.50 §
5 DOUBLE-BREASTED 22-INCH JACKETS, in tan. castor H
n and black- Extra value $7.50. for ■
§ $5.00 1
5 MISSES' SUITS WITH FANCY VESTS. In sizes 16 to. 18. In ■
□ oxford, ligbt gray and brown rnixed: $22 50 for !|
1 $16.50 I
■ LADIES' CANVAS WEflVE EflTON SUITS, with flare flounce 3
a skirts; $22 59 for »
g $16.50 S
a LADIES' SVITS, NORFOLK J CKETS. with blouse fronts; S
□ skirts witb silk drop, oxford and light gray; $33.50 for g
§ • Upfc/.jO m
□ A HANDSOME UN- OF CLOTH CAPES, in prices ranging 5
E frort) $9.00 to $50,00, reduced to S
1 $6.00 and $35.00 '■$ I
a FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS WITH EMBROIDERED FRONTS, I
2 In assorted colors; sizes 32 to 44 inches. Good value a
H *"* Rfl fr»r »wiw^ m
F3 o cr\ ib
g FRENCH FL0NNEL WfJISTS IN ASSORTED COLORS, with S
g box pleats corded, sizes 32 to 42. Good value $3.75. for ■
J fl SAMPLE LINE OF SILK WAISTS to close out at vary low/ A"
q prices. S
a AN ELEGANT LINE OF FUR JACKETS. CAPES. COLLAR- H
§ ETTES, BOAS and STORM COLLARS away below a
n regular prices to wind up tlje year. ' [|
SnBninHBMHHHnBHHnEBnBBnESSaHneHHHBHSHDHHHnHHH
MASONIC BODIES INSTALL THEIR
NEW OFFICERS FOR COMING YEAR
Jewels Presented i to Those Retiring — Honorary Thirty-
Third Degree Is Conferred on Princes of -the Sublime
Secret-— Grand Matron of Eastern Star to /Make Visits
SPERAXZA Lodge of Free and Ac
cepted Masons, the Italian lodge
of this city, had its officers In
stalled in the Masonic Temple last
night in the presence of about 120
members of the craft. The work -was in
the Italian language by James A. Devoto,
the retiring master, assisted by F. Cavag
naro, past master, acting as marshal of
ceremonies. The new officers are:
G. Beccuti, worshipful master; H. B. Zam
belli. senior warden: G. B. Cordano, Junior
warden: G. Scalmanini, secretary; I. C. gala,
treasurer; Philip Demartlnl, senior aeacon; A.
Scalmanini, junior deacon, and A. Fodera and
L. ValsanKlacomo. 6tewards.
The ceremonies were conducted in a
very Impressive manner and were lis
tened to with a great deal of attention
by the visitors, who, though not under
standing the spoken words, were charmed
with the delivery in the dulcet L,atiri
tongue.
At the close of the Installation there
was a presentation of a handsome Jewel
to retiring Master Devoto. It is sur
mounted with a grold plate, on which is
worked in gold and enamel the emblem
of the Knigrhts Templar. In addition
there is a gold sunburst pin and a ring,
intended for Mrs. Devoto. In these may
be inserted a fine diamond solitaire,
which forms the head of the compass in
the Jewel. This, it was explained, was
intended as a. peace offering to Mrs. De
voto for having permitted her husband
to be at lodge as many times as he had
to be in order to reach the highest sta
tion in it.
The lodge has. during the last term,
made a wonderful record, having had a
remarkable increase in finance and in
membership. It initiated eighteen and
raised twelve. The membership now is
127.
After the closing of the lodge there
was an adjournment to a rotlsserie,
where a banquet was tendered to about
l«0 by Giuseppe Ertola. Giovanni A.
Sobrio, Pietro Martina, Tomaso Cuneo,
Edoardo Rittori, Lorenzo Canepa, Carlo
F. Grondona, Lulgi Demartini, Filiberto
Tomasini, Lulgi Carf agni, Alfredo Mon
otti and Antonio Tassl in commemoration
of their raising. The toastmaster was
the retiring master and when the coffee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ~ SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
"THE NEW "WORSHIPFUL MASTER OF THE ITALIAN LODGE AND
THOSE WHO INDUCTED HIM AND OTHER OFFICERS INTO THEIR
, STATIONS FOR THE CURRENT YEAR. . . .
and cigars were served .he called for
responses for toasts by Rev. Jacob Nleto,
Past Master Robert Ferral, Past Master
F. Cavagnaro, A. Sbarboro, F. ' T. Fair
cloth, master of Doric Lodge; W. A.
Richardson and Dr. R. E. Hartley, mas
ter of King Solomon Lodge.
Mission Chapter Eastern Star.
•There was a private installation' last
night in Mission Masonic Hall,' that. was
for members only,. of the recently elected
and appointed officers of Mission Chapter
of the Order of the Eastern Star. There
was a large number of the members of
the order present, including a number of
the grand officers, past grands and pat
rons and matrons of the local chapters.
Among the notables were worthy Grand
Matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate- J. Willats, and As
sociate Grand Conductress Mrs. Alice
Frances Hickie. The lnstallingpfflcer was
A. M. Cox, the retiring patron, ;and
the marshal was Lottie Reiss. The of
ficers who assumed station for the cur
rent year are:
Sarah A. Cox, matron; William C. Ord
way, patron; Lizzie Chrlstiensen. asso
ciate matron; Dr. Louise B.' Dal, con
ductress; Hester B. Oliver, associate con
ductress; Mary G. Foster, secretary; Mat
tie J. Perry, treasurer; Roflna May,
Adah; Grace Hull, Ruth; Josie Backus,
Esther; Sadie Standard, Martha; A. Pow
ers, Electa; D. P.' Plymire, chaplain; An
nie Schrader, warder; James E. Parmer
lee sentinel. . !
After the . proclamation of . installation
there were presentations of . a beauti
ful jewel to Mrs. Hattle McPhun, the
retiring patron; of a matchbox to the
retiring patron, A. M. Cox; of a gold pin
to each of the five points of the star from
the retiring patrqn and matron, of a cut
glass set from the points of the star to
the retiring matron, wno also was pre
sented with a fine picture, an offering
from her personal friends in the chapter.
After the close of the chapter there was
a social hour and addresses by a number
of those present.. .
California Lodge Installs Officers.
California Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons at its convocation on last Fri
day had the following named officers in
stalled by retiring Master Walter A.
Scott, assisted by Past Master Henry
Ascroft as marshal of ceremonies:
Charles M. Plum, worshipful master;
Henry M. Owens, senior warden; Ray
mond H. Wllcox, Junior warden; Herman
Van Luyen, treasurer; Franklin H. Day,
secretary; William*. Crocker, senior dea
con: Henry A. Cllne, junior deacon; Wil
liam. J. Golcher, marshal; H. W. Whit
ham and Francis V. Kealing, stewards;
Samuel D. Mayer, organist, and George
P. Adams, tyler.
After the ceremony the retiring master
was presented with a Jewel and a costly
service of silver. '
Grand Matron to Visit.
Mrs. Clara Abbott Giberson. grand
matron of the Order of the Eastern Star,
will on January 2 officially. visit Oakland
Chapter. On the 4th she will be present
with San Francisco Chapter at the Ma
sonic Temple. On the 7th she will
officially visit the chapter at Truckee.
On the 15th she will visit Sacramen
to, where there will be a Joint In
stallation of the officers of the three
chapters, and on the 17th she will official
ly visit Columbia Chapter in Sacramento.
Choppers' Club Of fleers.
The Choppers' • Friendship Club of the
Woodmen of • the World has elected the
following named as officers for the ensu
ing term:
A. E. Sprague, president; J. J. Donahue,
vice president; F. K. Teeter, secretary;
A. A. Summer, treasurer; W. D. Fergu
son, conductor; W. J. Richards, sentinel:
W. T. McHenry, watchman; W. B. Wil
son and R. F. Gal van, trustees; Drs. F.
H. Burnham and McLean, physicians.
Those officers will be Installed on the
second Friday in January.
Scully's Vivid Imagination.
Joseph Hainey, proprietor of the sa
loon at 1C56 Market street, called upon
Judge Mogan yesterday and declared that
the staements made by James O. Scully
to the effect that William M. Gregory had
attempted to kill' him with two revolvers
in the saloon on Christmas evening was
devoid of truth. Hainey stated that
Scully was not a bartender in his saloon,
and as he was present while Gregory was
there he asserted, that nothing of the
kind occurred, but was a figment of
Scully's imagination. The Judge sent an
order to the police to withdraw the war
rant for Gregory's arrest, as he had been
Imposed upon by Scully.
D. L. Cobb, a barber of Santa Rosa, is
on the detinue book at the Harbor Police
station. He. is accused " of getting $450
from Mrs. C. L. Grewell on a promise of
marriage. He failed to keep his promise
and spent the money. Now William Mar
shall of San Rafael, a brother of Mrs.
Grewell, steps in and says that Cobb is a
married man. This the latter denies, and
says he was divorced three months ago,
and that Mrs. Grewell ' gave him the
money of her own free "will.
Corset Specials for This Week.
Sapphire corsets, $2.60; Royal Worcester
corset, black, $1.25 quality, 65c. All cor
sets fitted. Chester F. Wright, 6 Geary
St., cor. Kearny, first floor .upstairs. •
Mayor-Elect's First Victim.
j James Brodie, messenger In Mayor Phe
lan's office,, received a communication yes
terday from Mayor-elect Schmitz, stating
that Brodie's services would be dispensed
with after January 5, 1902. Brodie had
filed a petition signed by; a number of in
cumbent Supervisors testifying to his re
liability and honesty and pleading for his
retention in the position. Schmitz replied
that he had selected a man for the place
before receiving Brodie's application. ■
Bionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough. 60 cent* at all druggiau. j
GENERAL YOUNG
TO STAY HERE
Military Courtesy Gives
j Commanders Privi
lege %o Choose.
Gallant Soldier Satisfied With
N the Department of
California.
Rumors and positive statements have
been afloat and made to the effect that
Major General Young, in command of the
Department of California, would assume
command of the Department of the Lakes
with headquarters at Chicago. It has also
been stated with rare posltiveness that
the change was at the general's own re
quest. Such information had been circu
lated freely throughout the country, and
probably originated in the fact of the ap
proaching retirement of Major General
Otis owing to the operation of 'the law
which governs age service. The fact is
that the generals who have hitherto been
in command of the Department of Califor
nia have remained in that capacity for
a long period, and as Major Gen
eral Young assumed command on the
retirement of General Shafter as recently
as July 1 last, the statement of his so soon
going to another department, and at his
own request, has naturally atoused won
derment in both military and civil circles.
The senior major general is at the pres
ent time Major General John R. Brooke,
commanding the Department of the East,
with headquarters in New York, and the
next major general in rank is Major Gen
eral Otis, in command of the Department
of the Lakes. It is an important com
mand and takes in Wisconsin, Michigan,
Illinois, Indiana. Ohio, Kentucky and Ten
nessee. On the retirement of General Otis,*
according to long standing custom, Major
General Young: will be assigned to the
command of his department, but there is
a military courtesy, which ia punctiliously
observed before assignments of this char
aracter are made, in the form of a request
to the general officer concerned to state
his preference. It is understood that this
has not yet been done, and also that Ma
jor General Young is very well satisfied
with his present command in San Fran
cisco.
COMPAEATIVE VOTE CAST '
IN HALE A CENTURY
Election Commission Prepares a Table
Showing Enormous Increase in
Number of Electors.
The Election Commission - yesterday is
sued a comparative statement of the vote
cast In this city during the last fifty
years. The statement shows that the
vote increased from 3120 in 1849 to 65,161 in
1900. The statement follows:
~~ — — vote
Tear. ELECTION. Cast.
1840 Gubernatorial, Nov. 13 3,120
1851 Gubernatorial 5,774
1852 Presidential 8.408
1853 Gubernatorial 10,955
1855 Gubernatorial 12.351
1856 Presidential 12,019
1857 Gubernatorial 10,320
1850 Gubernatorial 10,717
1860 Presidential 14,360
1861 Gubernatorial 15,14»
1863 Gubernatorial 14,713
1864 Presidential 21.021
1S67 Gubernatorial 17,294
1868 Presidential 25,767
1871 Gubernatorial 24,905
1872 Presidential 22,969
1875 Gubernatorial 25.45S
1876 Presidential .........;.....„. 41,571
' 187ft Gubernatorial' >. ..-. 41,44-t
1880 Presidential 41,292
1882 Gubernatorial .... 39,102
1884 Presidential . 47,533
18S6 Gubernatorial 45,71(5
1888 Presidential 55,31.5
1890 Gubernatorial ' 55. 565
1892 Presidential 60,780
1894 Gubernatorial 61,5-19
1898 Presidential 64,815
1895 Gubernatorial 55.275
1900 Presidential 65,161
Trapper's Oil cures rneumatlam and neuralgia.
DrugeiBts, 50c flask. Richard & Co. 406 Clay. *
Chinese Inspectors' Salaries Raised.
The glad news was received at the Chi
nese Bureau yesterday that the salaries
of Chinese Inspectors John R. Dunn,
John Lynch, H. R. Sisson and H. E. Tip
pett had been advanced from the present
rate of $4 per day to that of $5 per day,
with $S per day while traveling.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
NOTICE!
Mayerle's Superior Quality
Eyeglasses, which are the
'* r <»3J£*l»6Skr( only ones indorsed by the
highest U. S. Army. Navy
wrvfjjjr J>^ and Government officials,
can be had only of George
Mayorle, at lOTl 1^ Market st., near Seventh.
Mr. George Mayerle has no Branch Stores, nor
does he employ any opticians to represent him.
NEW SIGHT FOR NEW YEAR'S.
Mayerle's Superior Quality Eye 8J asses make
a present that will be highly appreciated for
MANY YEARS TO COME.
Will be sent by express with privilege of try-
Ing them before paying any charges. Prices
$5, $10 and $15. When ordering state age, oc-
cupation, also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or to see off.
ADMIRAL GEO DEWEY,
Who used Mayerle's glasses during the Span-
ish-American War, and is still using them with
much satisfaction, highly appreciates their su-
periority. • and sends the following testimonial:
MR. GEORGE MAYERLE, German Expert
Optician, 1071^6 Market street. San Francisco—
My Dear Sir: I am Etlll using WITH MUCH
SATISFACTION the glasses you sent me" at
Manila; also the new ones suit my eyes per-
fectly. Very truly yours,
GEORGE DEWEY.
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
One of San- Francisco's most efficient police
officers HIGHLY RECOMMENDS Mr. George
Mayerle, the German Expert Optician, 1071%
Market street, and sends the following testimo-
nial: • ,
"It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. George Mayerle Of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses for the past
four years, and during that time have consulted
several opticians, but not until I consulted Mr.
George Mayerle and had him fit glasses to my
eyes did I get entire satisfaction. Most re-
spectfully. ' J. H. ANDERSON,
"Sergeant of Police. San Francisco."
From General William R .Shafter.
Mr. George Mayerle, San Francisco— Dear
, Sir: The glasses made by you received yester-
day. I have never been better fitted than with
this pair. Very truly yours,
WM. R. SHAFTER,
Major General, U. S. V.
MR. GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician,
Also graduate American College of Ophthal-
mology, Philadelphia Optical College, N. I.
College of Ophthalmology, South Bend College
of Optics. , American Optical College, honorary
member Iowa State Association of Opticians
and charter member American Association of
Opticians.
1071^ Market Street, Near 7th,
; An Eyeglass Order will be sent upon receipt
of price redeemable at any time.
I Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Telephone South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
GERMAN BYEWATcB 5Oj.
. CUT THIS OUT.
AD vgsTisEioarra ,-
Commencing Monday, December 30th, and
continuing all through' month of January,
we will offer Extraordinary Values in all
our Departments.
7 Cases WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
full size and extra weiont (all wool).
$4.OO Pair.
Regular price $5.OO.
125 Pairs IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, In
cream and mire white, 24 different Datterns.
$7.5O Paii-.
Cood value for $10.50.
95 Pairs IRISH POINT AND RENAISSANCE
LACE CURTAINS, all fast lockstitch edges, in
20 different Datterns,
31O.OO Pail-.
Cood value for $12.50.
60 Pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, all new
colorings, with handsome fringed ends.
$3.5O Pain
Regular value 55. 00 Pair.
150 Fine SILKOLINE BED COMFORTERS, full
size, with cure snowflake filllno, oood desions.
$1.OO Each.
Worth SI. 5O.
5 Cases Genuine SCOTCH ZEPHYR GING-
HAMS, all good styles and colorings, regular
Drices 25c, 35c and 40c uard, Entire lot will
ta5 °™ 15c Yard.
The above lines of goods ape all fresh and clean, and at
the prices quoted are Genuine Bargains.
Ml. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING-WE PAY NO RENT.
|i^y^^'~~^fv- — I SOMETHING NEW
fiJL'fShlEM 1 TABLES,
ll^^^^i^l « I / J U5t * n ' to ° * ate or Christmas,
isP* f a [ t> ut * n g°°d ti me for your New
\1 (_/ ,*tf ft^AT v*. \ ears giving- A ver y handsome
L(£H5te Lid; V- article for a lady's boudoir, in
C . r^'C-OUWfe. beautiful Golden Oak finish.
AN IMMENSE STOCK OF FURNITURE
At prices within the reach of all. "We carry an Infinite variety of TABLES
CHAIRS, PARLOR and CHAMBER SUITES. ETC. Also, a full line of CAR-
PETS, RUGS, BEDDING, ETC. And you don't have to borrow money to pay
for anything you buy here— take your own time to pay for It— It won't cost you
any more, either. Think of two acres of floors, covered with Furniture! You
can't help but find here just what you are looking for, and at a little leas price
than you had expected to pay for it.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., 1*<L.
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
THE BEST POLICY
BY
THE BEST COMPANY.
THE PACIFIC MUTUAL. LIFE INSUR-
ANCE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA an-
nounces that on and after January 1, 1902, It
will be prepared to contract with agents for
the representation of Its
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
throughout the United States.
Its new policies are the best and most liberal.
Unlimited territory and the best contracts.
Address T. L. MILLER, Assistant Secretary.
Room 2, Pacific Mutual Building,
San Francisco, Calif.
$1000 Reward
IF WE FAIL TO DO AS WE AGREE. SPE-
ciallsts for men. As many physicians and
others have inquired regarding our ORIGINAL
NEW METHOD of treatment for all troubles,
we have decided to demonstrate by sending to
all who may desire A FREE TRIAL TREAT-
MENT UNTIL JANUARY 1ST. State c*s«
plainly and receive plain package by mail.
DR. WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary st.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist curei Blood Pol.»on,(ionorrhcea, Gleet,
Stricture, .spniiiuil Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, free.
Ovpr20 years' <»xperteiice.Terms reasonable. Hours,
9to3daily;6:30to3.30pv'pi.SundHys,10tol2.Consul-
tatioufreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddres3
F. ROSCOB McXUIiTY. M. D.
2G}£ Kearny St., 8an Francisco, Cal.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J C WH SON SCO J* 00 Street.
J- *.' » ILJUfl ft V J-. Telephone Main 18&4.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYFSflCft shI PP !n & Butchers, 104
JAJ- DUICJgUJ clay. Tel. Ma:n 12&*.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & KLLIS
418 Front. St., S. F. Phone Main 17ia. *
PRINTING. ~~~ ~~
E-C HUGHES 5U g^ s , F ,
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKg-JUDD CO.,
23 First street, San Francisco.
California
Limited...
" The greatest train across the conti-
nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mada
it ths most popular with travelers.
Frcm.San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
T>"DTTCJXJXrO roR BARBER3 - bax-
<DXlU OriJuO era bootblacks, batt-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. »hoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofera, tanners, tallon. ei<
EitJCwA.iA.N BStC&t
Brush Manufacturers. £09 Sacramento S*
(1 1)
Vag^Fj MARKET bT. S F >a»Sy
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to Q 60 day
J3 to |8 week; $3 to J20 month. Free batlu:
hot and cold water every room; fire crate* ia
every rcom; elevator runs all night.Pages 27%§
MYSTIC SHRINERS TRAVEL THE HOT SANDS
TO THE PICTURESQUE TOWN OF MARYSVILLE
AND JOY MARKS THE NIGHT OF INITIATION
■
Merry-Making Members of Islam Temple Gather for a Brief
Period of Business and Rejoicing, and After Conducting the
Camel-Riding of Candidates Participate in a Big Banquet
SOME OF THE WELL KNOWN SHRINERS WHO JOINED THE PILGRIMAGE OVER THE HOT SANDS OF CALI
FORNIA TO THE MECCA OF THE FAITHFUL AT MARTSVILLE, WHERE A LARGE AND EAGER GLAD
HAXD RECEPTION AWAITED THEM. <
ARTSVILLE, Dec 28.— Islam
M Temple of Mystic Shriners is
making merry In this city to
night and the place has been
turned over to the visitors. A
tpecial train carrying seventy-five from
Francisco and forty from. Sacramento
< trrived at the depot at 6:30 o'clock this
evening and many more arrived from the
north during the day.
An elaborate programme had been ar
ranged for the entertainment of the visit
ing Shriners by the local members. When
the temple convened at Turner Hall at 8
o'clock fifty-one candidates were present
to be initiated into the mysteries of the
degree.
That the Mystics were out for a good
time was evidenced when the special from
the south arrived. The San Francisco
delegation went to their quarters at the
Western Hotel, while the men of mystery
cf Sacramento were made comfortable at
the United States. In all over 200 Shrin
ers are Quartered in the city to-night It
Is one of the laws of the order that, on
such an occasion as this a good time must
be had. and be who is found wandering
from the rule is supposed not to possess
the Qualifications of a true Shriner.
After the candidates fcaa been initiated
to the happy Epasm of riding the camel
over the burning sands of the desert re
carfiless of dress suits, the supreme de
light of shooting the chutes and the many
ctner device* which are absolutely nece3
csxy In the making of a Shriner, all ad
journed to Hopkins Hall, where a most
eatjorate feast was epread. Here zem
zerf flowed, like water, and the motto:
"Peace on earth, good will to men," was
£AST DEGBEE GIVEN
TO PROMINENT MASONS
Princes of the Sublime Secret Living
In This State Are Specially
Honored.
The conferring of the thirty-third hon
orary degree of Masonry in the Scottish
Bite '.3 an unusual event In a jurisdic
tion exd is conferred only on Masons who
cave taken the thirty-second degree and
•who bive become princes of the sublime
secret is a mark of recognition for serv
ices renewed to the fraternity. The names
cf tnose who are accredited to the honor
ere submitted at stated periods by the
eevcral Siate Jurisrlctions to the Supreme
Council o? the southern Jurisdiction at
Washington, D. C, which is composed of
active thirty-third degree members, and
they elect those who are entitled to re
ceive the lonorary degree. When those
v.-ho are emitled to have this degree con
iv-^ *>d r upon them are unable to ero to
Vv'^Lhington. to receive the degree the
ai^iority to confer it is vested in the in
spector geneial for the jurisdiction from
which the parties hall. This year the
supreme body elected the following
named residents of California to receive
the degree:' \
Charles W. Conllsk, Henry Ascroft,
Timothy; Hopkbs, Frank B. Ladd, Fred
in evidence. In the early dawn the Mys
tics, both old and young, like the Arabs,
folded their tents and silently stole away
for a much-needed rest.
DEPARTURE FROM THE CITY.
Interesting Information Provided for
Benighted Sons of the Desert.
The recently elected illustrious potentate
of Islam Temple, N. O. A- A. M. S. Col
onel Charles H. Murphy, and his staff of
officers, together with a number of the
illustrious nobles of- the temple, left this
city yesterday afternoon for the plains
of Marysville, where the new officers
were to make their first effort In the
line of conferring the degree of the
Arabic Temple upon a class of individuals
who, having passed through the Blue
Lodge and having learned all about the
order in the chapter, were anxious to get
into the "playground" of the fraternity,
as the domain of the Shriners has been
termed.
They did not go as an organized body.
They boarded the boat singly. In pairs
and in bunches of half a dozen. Each
carried a traveling case containing a dress
suit, a fez, pyrotechnics and small bot
tles of the elixir of "zem zem" water.
The notice to the members of the temple
conveyed the Information that the session
was to be held in memory of Abdoo'l-
Wahab, founder of the sect of Wahabe.es,
who was a smasher of Images, and de
stroyed beautiful works of art and build
ings without regret.
The Marysville event was arranged by
a special dispensation from the imperial
potentate, Noble Philip C. Shaffer, and
was for the sole purpose of. conferring
the degre* on forty or more benighted
sons of the desert. There were also given
the following Instructions to the novices
who were anxious to fathom the Oriental
G. W. Moebius and John D. Spreckels of
San Francisco,' G. D. Pierce and E. H.
Wlng of Oakland, F. Jordan of Los An
geles, M.-J. Cushing of Sacramento and
J. L. Hayden of the United States army.
Testerday the sublime ceremony of con
ferring this, the last and highest degree
of Masonry, was conducted in the Ma
sonic Temple by W. F. Frank Pierce of
Oakland, inspector general, assisted by
Thomas H. Goodman. This ceremony,
which was in the^presence of members of
that degree only, occupied more than an
hour and a half and was listened to with
marked attention by all present.
Advertisers' Convention.
Arrangements are being made for a con
vention of general advertisers to be held
at Delmonlco's, New York, on Wednes
day and Thursday, January 29 and 30. An
interesting programme, embracing some
of the most important questions in the
field of advertising, has been prepared,
and it is expected that a large number of
advertisers from all parts of the country
will attend. There will be a banquet on
Wcdm-sday evening, at which some of the
prominent publishers of the country will
make addresses. It is expected reduced
railroad rates will be secured.
One of the things that shocks one most
is the discovery that there are fashions
in pieties as well as petticoats.
SAN" FRANCISCO SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
mysteries and reach the palace of the re
cently chosen illustrious potentate of
Islam, Charles H. Murphy:
Novices need not be particular about the
clothes they wear. They may have less when
they get through.
Don't kick because the sands are hot; you
may strike something hotter* — "Tobasco sauce."
Look pleasant even if you don't feel so. You
will be pleased when you get through.
Don't say you want it all — if you think any
thing has been omitted let it be known — there
is always something left.
Hang on to everything you get your hands
on, especially ropes, so you may "learn the
ropes."
This session will be a hot; number. The ice
man will be in attendance to cool your parched
lips-.
Those who went on the pilgrimage
were:
Charles H. Murphy, potentate; Dr. A. W.
McKenzle, chief rabbin; W. H. Titus, assist
ant rabbin; Thomas H. Hill,' high priest-
Thomas Morton, treasurer; Hiram T. Graves,
recorder; H. D. Reame, Oriental guide; R. H.
Mowbray, sentinel; R. P. Hurlburt, past po
tentate, and William V. Bryan, James A
Snook, Chris J. Bauer, George H. Siebe, J W
Likens, Dr. O. F. Westphal, J. R. Ramm.
George Renner, Max Goldman, J. B. Bocarde
John P. Fraser, Charles Bliss, "Robert N. Car-
Bon, M. Joseph Savage, J. G. Spauldlng, A. L.
Khrman, L. Ehrman, Antone Krelg, N. H.
Neustadter. Ed Gaines. John A. Hammersmith,
William duff, George A. Varcoej James A.
Wilson, Andrew Christensen, Richard Herring,
H. J. -Burns, J. M. Wilkins, Charles Lord
Field, Henry Abrams, M. J. Lindsay, D. Coffin,
James Stark. H. G.. Schumacher, F. W. Web
ster, L. Arzner, J. A. Graves, G. Schultze,
George Thompson, George Bennett, E. Sevier,
Samuel M. Shortridge, B. N. Trobock, J. B
Medina, A. Bergen, George E. Howe, .J. g!
Rothweli of Honolulu, H. N. Rowell, J C
Ferbert, F. T. Duncan, O..H. P. Sheets, W H
Snedecker. Albert G. Willard, E. C. Hughes
Thomas Morfew, William Hathorn, Samuel j!
Hendy, G. B. Armstrong, Thurlow Miller
George Garber, Thomas Martin, Willis Brown.
F. Raisch, G. W. Lipmann, J. C. Bates, P F
Ferguson, W. H. Mangrum, J. L. Prior, H P*
Umbsen, W. H. Heuer, R. B. Pike, L. R. Mead
Theodore Reichert, F. B. Sutherland and Wil
lis Brown.
ET>TJCATORS TALK SHOP
AT ANNUAL MEETING
Members of California Schoolmasters'
Club Transact Business at Their
Banquet.
The annual meeting of the California
Schoolmasters' Club was held at the
rooms of the Merchants' Club, 222 San
some street, last night. The regular ses
sion was devoted to the election of officers
for the ensuing term. The old officers
were re-elected, with Dr. F. B. Dresslar,
president; Frank Morton, secretary, and
Richard D. Faulkner, treasurer.
The set of resolutions reported by the
executive committee came up for action,
but it being evident that their adoption
would meet with vigorous opposition ac
tion was deferred until the next regular
meeting. •
Most of the evening was devoted to the
discussion of a rich menu. The* toast
master was F. B. Dresslar, and the princi
pal toasts were responded to by Dr.- E.
Benjamin Andrews, chancellor of the
University of Nebraska, who spoke on
"True and False in Educational Aims,"
and E. F. Adams, who discussed the sub
ject "Modern Education From the Stand
point of One of Its Victims." Addresses
were made by the officers and many mem
bersoftheclub. ■ . '
VOICE PRAISES
OF THE MAYOR
AT A BANQUET
City Officials Pay Com
pliment to the
. Executive.
Local After-Dinner Speakers
Talk on Municipal
Government.
Prominent Citizens Bestow Honor..
Upon James D. Phelan During
His Last Bays in Public
Office. /
James D. Phelan, thrice elected Mayor
of San Francisco, sat in silence at a com-'
plimentary banquet tendered him last
night in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel by the officials of this city, and
drank in words of commendation from
every tongue. His political followers
gathered round the board to say farewell
to him with wine and toast. The Mayor
was the guest of honor. Flanked on" either
side were friends whose advice and whose
labor, he has commanded during the five
years of his political service.
Every governmental department of the
city was represented— legislative, judicial,
administrative. Not only did the banquet
ers represent Phelan' s own political . per
suasion, but parties that fought him tooth.
and nail in campaigns that have become
city history. On the eve of his farewell to
political life— temporary or permanent, as
it may be — his friends bade him . God
speed and voiced compliments - to', him.
More like a happy family, it was than
anything else. The guests called one an
other by first names, told again the story
of the charter and its.'ydung father, en-'
graved mental tablets of its ; early devel
opers and went away '.from the banquet
hall happy over a good dinner, good wines!
and the flow of wisdom. V- . ••■
The tables ran from a . cross-table at
the head of the room. On Mayor Phelan's
left were Jasper McDonald, Dr. J. M. Wil-:
liamson, Rabbi Voorsanger,- David Starr
Jordan, Raphael Weill and Gavin McNab.'
On his right were. Chief Justice Beatty :
and Fred Stratton. Mayor-elect Schmitz'
was not present, ;;though= among the in-^
vited guests. He attended a banquet last
night given by Niantic r Pafl or "of" the Na
tive Sons. ' '.'■&■■' ■■■■'':"■'••* ••-.; : -; ■..■••.■'■;■. ; -■■ '. .:;_[
The menu was most elaborate and • the
speeches filled the listeners with delight
and brought' their hands, 'together ."time
and again, i Jasper , McDonald, labeled
in the programme as "our- "chairman,",
paid his tribute to the guest after the'
black coffee had been served.- When he!
had told that no man did more to elevate
the municipality and place honesty as the
foundation for public service than James
D. Phelan he was cheered to the echo.:
Then Dr. J. M. Williamson, toastmaster,
was introduced.
"I ask you as a preliminary," said the
doctor, "to drink the health of our hon
ored guest, James D. Phelan." In silence
the "burstins bubbles bringing happiness
and joy" were quaffed. Then the orches
tra played the Jolly good fellow song as
every man stood in his place, erect and
thoughtful.
"Our Guest," by Voorsanger.
The Rev. Jacob Voorsanger responded
to the toast, "Our Guest." He was in
proper mood last night and made one of
his characteristic speeches, which caught
the fancy of the banqueters and received
most enthusiastic applause whenever a
climactic period was reached. In part he
said:
A great many farewell banquets are riven
in Ireland. When a man is alive they call it
a farewell banquet: when he is dead they call
it a wake. The question then is, What shall
we say at a farewell banquet? I feel the dis
tinguished honor to' appear before these gentle
men this evening in order to reply to the toast
which you have so kindly selected for me. I
do confess, Mr. Chairman, that I am a fj-iend
of the Mayor. I have folldtjufcd his adjnfnis
tration with a great deal of Interest. I have
been fortunate enough to approve a great many
of his acts and when, according- tp ttj£uoplnion
of some, he made his mistakes rstoodpy- him
nevertheless. I felt that was exactly the time
a man needed to stand by his friends, j
Now, Mr. Chairman, what Is the usual man
ner for one to reply? I confess I do not know.
I appear so little in what is exactly known as
society and I am so wedded to the retirement
of my own room that I cannot say in what
manner a toast like this should be answered.
I can only compare Mayor Phelan to Richard
Whittlngton, thrice Mayor of London. It
would be Improper to acknowledge in fulsome
flattery of the man and his deeds. I feel I
cannot do Justice to myself and to you, gen-'
tlemen. Mayor Phelan Is too old to take stock
in such phraseology and is too wise to be
drowned and smothered by the fulsome flat
tery of hla friends.
The Mayor has served >flve years. He haa
served the community according to his abil
ity. The question is. What will the future say
of what he haa done? There is too much of
th« forgetting of men after they have retired
to private life. I will take you into my con
fidence.- I don't believe Mayor Phelan will be
retired to private life for a lonar time. {Ap
plause.) There is too much of forgetting of
men and what they have achieved, but there
is a way of remembering, there is a way of
recalling facts, and that is through history.
McNab on Good Government.
Following Rabbi Voorsanger's speech
came the reading of a regret from F. w.
Dohrmann. who was unable to attend.
He was placed on the card of after-dinner
speakers, but sickness In his family pre
vented his appearance.
Gavin McNab on "Good Government"
then added his store of words. He said
in part: ■;'..
I have attended many" banquets, but I have"
never known an occasion when men could be,
brought together at the conclusion of an ad
ministration and look one another in the face
and say that not one of us has done a dishonest
thing. while we served our city. This adminis
tration has given a new. character to San Fran
cisco officialism. In the development of munici
pal problems, this city by the Western seas is
in the vanguard. There has not been a scan
dal or crime . during the , time that this ad
ministration haa been in office.- San Francisco
has' tasted the grood of selr-respect. It has
been able to say that it has officers who are
above suspicion. •
Municipal integrity is demanding a higher
class of citizenship. -* Municipal . patriotism
ceases to be a. dogma and municipal citizen
ship must consequently stand for a higher serv
ice. That is. why. we are here now. San Fran
cisco has set the pace with its new charter and
we are here to do honor, to the man that gave
It its stimulus and who was always ready to
FRENCH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY GIVES BALL
TO CELEBRATE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF
THE BEGINNING OF ITS CHARITABLE WORK
Charming Debutantes Dance and Make Merry at Assembly German
in Century Hall—^-Christmas Trees Gladden the Hearts of the
Little People at Maria Kip Orphanage and Infants' Shelter
f*- ' A Socle to Francaise Bienfaisance
II • Mutuelle.CFrench. Mutual ;Benev.o-
I lent Society) gave a ball last night
II . at Odd Fellows' Hall to celebrate '
, .the fiftieth anniversary . of their .
society! and the French Hospital and also
in compliment to the French man-of-war'
Portez, at present in • our. harbor, i The
commander and officers were among the
guests. : . •" . ■ ' .,.;■ ' ;'
Some two thousand invitations were is-,
sued' and from the number of guests -who
thronged the hall it would appear that
everybody accepted. : : . . :
' At 9 o'clock the grand march began, led
by Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Dupas, [ Mr. Dupas
being thehonored president of the society.
The "French Consul was also prominent
In the grand , march. ' ''•''■,' .
The dancing , continued until '12 p. m.',
when an elaborate supper was served,
during which some excellent toasts were
offered.. v The- commander'. of the ■ Portez.
Mr. Dupas and the ) French Consul .were
among the clever speechmakers.
At 1:30 a. m. dancing was resumed until
a. very late hour, although the crush ren
dered it- Impossible ■ to dance . with.- any
great degree of ' comfort. . \ -
The committee 'on arrangements con
sisted of J. • S. Godeau, O. Bozlo, J. Pu
chan, E. Messager and M. J. Dupas. A
glance at the decorations and ;the festive
board would ! satisfy any one that these
gentlemen did their utmost to make the
affair a success. The decorations were
most elaborate and In excellent taste.
One very striking feature was the abund
ance of . good - American flags, which
showed the good will and loyalty of La
Societe Francaise Bienfaisance Mutuelle.
.; '"... .'<•■- • • • ■
The third Assembly <3erman at Century
Hall last, evening was largely attended
by the most , , charming people in San
Francisco society. The younger set en
joyed, the dancing greatly and are looking
forward to another equally good time a
month later at the next Assembly.
. Those in the first set were:
Miss Mabel Toy. Miss Ruby Sessions Miss
Kathleen Booth, Miss. Mabel Hogg, Miss Ed
na Howell. Miss Dean, Miss Moulton.
i = ■ •'■ v .. -. ■ • ■ • ■.:• •
■ Miss Kate Dillon sailed, yesterday on
the Coptic for Japan. Miss Cosgrave ac
companied her. Miss Dillon has been ar
ranging this trip for some time and has
given two or three luncheons in the past
two weeks for a parting word with some
of her friends. A number of relatives
and friends assembled' at '■ the wharf yes
terday to say good-by. .'.
;.-,■' * i < ' .■;. .'■••'•'.■.'■ * '>■*■' ■
'■■ Yesterday :was; an.: eventful day to the
children .of the/JsMarla Kip Orphanage.
Bishop William FSrd-Nichols paid his an
nual Visit. tp.tKe 'institution and elaborate
preparations i ''were" made. Full choral
service was held in the morning, followed
by communion and eight baptisms. After
an > appetizing: luncheon the children en
joyed their. Christmas tree. A generous
supply of presents had been provided by
the .-ladies of the Episcopal church and
friends of the little ones. One hundred
or more visitors called at the orphanage
during the day. - . .
• ■•■■ • . • • ■
The Little Sisters' Infants' Shelter In
stitution had its Christmas festival yes
terday. • One hundred children were pres
ent and received their gifts, seventy-five
of the number being regular proteges of
the home, while the remaining twenty
flve are day pupils. .
The Christmas tree was unveiled at
10:30 in the morning, after an Interesting
assist in furthering the broad and best inter
ests of the city.
Jordan on the Ideal.
Professor David ' Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University was the next speaker in
troduced by Toastmaster ■Williamson. He
discussed "Municipal Government in the
Twentieth Century," and in the course of
his remarks painted a beautiful picture
of what it ought to be. His speech was
a happy one and was greatly enjoyed by
his auditors. He took occasion to state
that it was due to Mayor Phelan that a
certain university possessed a magnificent
municipal law library and that he would
not have made this fact known to the
world but for the fact that. it was never
divulged by the generous benefactor. -
. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler was
unable to be present. He therefore sent
a letter of regret expressing his inability
to attend . the banquet, coupled with his
high opinion of the guest of honor. The
sentiments ..w;ere greeted .with applause.
Judge Frank Murasky was also unable
to attend the banquet and his short let
ter of regret was read to the assemblage.
Frank H. Gould was next called upon to
respond to the , toast, . "Benefits* of Non-
Partisan Municipal Government." ,He
dwelt on the fact that this metropolis
was so situated that it has derived all its
power from the outside world and would
continue to do so.
"We can do. a lot to help It on," fie
said. "And it was with that idea that a
young man in San Francisco several
years ago first launched into the politi
cal life. I believe I was present in 1894
at Native Sons'.. Hall on Mason \ street,
when the Mayor of San Francisco
made his maiden political speech. It
was a good one, but it is not a marker
to the one he can make to-flay. His
first speech was high toned and full of
high Ideals and by his administration he
has lived up to those high standards he
advocated bo many years ago. If. there
is an Ideal in non-partisan politics, that
ideal has been reached In this adminis
tration. The high-water mark of munici
pal efficiency has been reached in San
Francisco. There will be a retrogression,
tut it will only be temporary, as the peo
ple will not allow things to happen In the
future as in the past."
In conclusion Mr. Gould offered a toast
to the "ideal Mayor of San Francisco,"
and this was drunk with cheers.
Chief Justice Beatty was given an ova
tion when he arose to speak. He spoke
cf the reward that was due Mayor Phe-.
Ian and said he should.be pardoned and
commended for his acts of commission
and omission. ■ v .
Frederick S. Stratton, Collector, of Cus
toms' of San'. Francisco,, was next intro
duced and scored an instant; hit by stat
ing that he feared to make a speech, as
his remarks might be taken in earnest
by his listeners. He illustrated his mean
ing by saying that a candidate for Mayor
on an opposition ticket, meaning Asa R.
Wells, -had at a banquet a. year ago an
nounced that the p'resent Board of Super
visors was the best the city ever had,
and this, in his opinion, led to their elecV
tion last November. Mr. Stratton com
mended the Mayor on his artistic and
forensic tastes. He said the : Mayor was
a patron of art and was doing much to
beautify the city ; that his ' speeches de
livered during his administration were
masterful.'. • •■.■•• ' -.-•/■ - ■:
Franklin K. Lane, City, and County At
torney,' spoka at ; length • and io- a happy
vein. He was followed by Rolla V.'Watt,
programme. • ' ■
One hundred visitors were present.
Luncheon was served for eighty ladies.
Including members- of -the society and
their friends. .
' • -■-•'•••
A children's party. was given last even-
Ing, at Hinman's School of Dancing, 1412
Folk street. The young people looked
charming and picturesque in -their dainty
frocks. The affair "was very enjoyable
and a decided success.
■ •- . -•'■.«.•
Colonel D. M. Burns left by steamer
yesterday for Mexico on a business trip.
He was accompanied by his wife.
who said that, although he had been ap
pointed a member of a commission by the
Mayor, he was not in duty bound to
sound his praises. He then expressed his
high opinion of Mr. Phelan and regretted
that he had to part with him.' He said
he wished that the Mayor had two more
years to serve, as he would, with the aid
of the new charter, make this • city a
greater municipality.
Ovation for Phelan.
When Mayor Phelan arose to. speak the
chandeliers tingled with the noise of the
greeting given him. He • was unable to
speak for fully three minutes. When he
did so he was given the closest attention
and throughout his address he was
roundly applauded. In part he said:
It is needless to say that I am very grateful
to you for this mark of your esteem.' I must
confess also ' that I feel s embarrassed. I really
expected to be called upon earlier in the even
ing when not .so much, had been said. I will
therefore try. and make my remarks very brief.
i My association has 'been so pleasant that I
leave you with great regret and reluctance.
President Andrew Jackson had an Irish servant,
we are told, who was erratic. His master said
to him, ."Pat. ; I can't stand this any longer.
We must separate." "And faix," said Pat, "in
which direction are ye going." (Laughter.) - 1
realize now that I am going and you are to,
remain. We have associated in all this work.
It is your work as much as mine and what
ever credit that is due the administration nec
essarily belongs to you.
■ Under the charter- it was my duty to appoint
something like thirty-three commissioners, rep
resenting all the executive functions of the
city government, and those commissioners have
done their work so well that the gentlemen
who are not members of the administration
mistake, perhaps, in giving me all the credit.
They should ' know as you should realize that
It* is your work that has brought credit - to
tha- civil administration of our affairs. It is
a nonpartisan government. It was so designed
by the charter, and it was necessary by hav
ing a separate test for election apart from na
tional and State elections, and the whole spirit
of our fundamental law proves that ours is a
business government and not a great political
concern.
■ When about five years ago I was nominated
for the office of Mayor it came to me in the
nature of a surprise. The city at that time
was rent with factions. The lylltlcal boss
had thriven more in San Francisco than in any
city In this country probably with the excep
tion of New York. The boss was omnipotent.
A man could not enter. He controlled the ave
nues to office, and when a man attained a high
position he was owned by his political roas
ter. Men so shaped their conduct in the mat
ter of appointments to insure the continued
favor of the political boss.
Now that was the first battle which was
waged in this city, and successfully waged —
to eliminate the political boss. The adoption
of the charter gave a new political life to San
Francisco and Insured thereafter its success
as a municipality. There are provisions - In
that instrument by which the government may
almost automatically be run. There has been
established • a civil service which has . proved
a ban to political parties and to government
officials'. I only regret that civil service re
form . does not affect all the offices In San
Francisco. I ■ regret to leave you because I
have been wedded to San Francisco and its In
terests for these "five years/ •• ;
Great cheering and • more Jolly good
fellow music put an end to the evening's
banquet. . ■'-.-:■:■:
Those present were: Dr. Baum. Dr. Bazet
James Emery. M. Greenblatt. A. W. Voorsan
ger.' M. J." Fontana, Thomas B. Bishop, E.
Godchaux. Franklin K. Lane. Judge Seawell,
Asa R. Wells. Rolla V. Watt, August Comte.
E. Taylor. Charles Fay. Gavin McNab. Raphael
Weill. David Starr Jordan. Rev. J. Voorsanger.
Dr. J. N. Williamson, Richard Freud, William
Denman. John Connor. Larry Dwyer, Richard
Curtis,- J. W. McCarthy. John Drady. Horace
Mann, James Booth, Frank J. Gould. Washing
ton Dodge. John Lackmann, . Marsden Manson.
Hon. J.V. Coffey. A.B. Maguire, C. E. Grun
sky. Dr. Lewltt, Dr. , McCarthy, ■ Dr. * O'Brien.
Dr.r Morrlsey, -Walter -Martin. . Jack Casserly.
Dr. D' Ancona, John Qulnn, "" Cecil i Mark, Shel-
Pases 27 to 3d
SOCIETY GIRL WHO SAILED
FOR JAPAN ON THE STEAM
SHIP COPTIC.
don Kellogg, Oliver Everett, Charles Borton.
Horace Wilson, Thomas Jennings, Richard Ho
tallng. Samuel Braunhart, Judge Stafford.
Judges Dunne. Cabaniss, Fritz. D. M.
Murphy. Ed Moran. Jeremiah Deasey^ F. J.
Sullivan, School Director Denman, Chief of
Police Wlttman, Joseph Howell. George New
hall. Judge Wallace. Patrick Boland. Judga
Joachimson. Percy V. Long. Judge Dunn. Judgs
Sloss, . Principal. O'Connor. Judge Daniels,
George Johnson and Leo Park.
The menu follows:
Eastern Oysters on Half Shell.
Mock Turtle Soup with Amontillado.
Caviar on' T6a.st. Radishes. Celery- Olive*.
Riesling. Baked Fillet of Sole. Mornay.
Sliced Cucumbers. Potatoes Fondante.
Small Fillet of Beef. Periguex.
Apolllnarjs. Stuffed Tomatoes. Peas.
Sweetbread Patties.
' Cardinal Punch.
Zinfandel. Roast Teal Duck.
Mixed Salad.
Biscuit Tortoni.
Cakes. Icecream. Fruit.
1 Clicquot. Coffee.
HIANTIC PARLOR HONORS
FOUR OF ITS MEMBERS
Banquets Eugene E. Schmitz, Lewis
F. Byington, J. A. Lynch and
A. B. Mahony.
Nlantlc Parlor of the Native Sons gave
a banquet last night in a Pine street
rotisserie in honor of tha four of its mem
bers who were elected to office at the
recent election. The men whom the Na
tives honored were Eugene E. Schmitz.
L. F. Byington, J. A. Lynch and A. B.
Mahony. About one hundred members of
the parlor, with their invited guests, as
sembled around the banquet tables, which
were artistically decorated with flowers
and ferns. At the head of the table were
seated FInlay Cook, president of Niantic
Parlor, and the four guests of honor. In
front of the president was a beautiful
bunch of La France roses.
After the supper had been discussed and
those present were enjoying cigars the
toast master called on a number to make
responses' to toasts. Mayor-elect Schmitz
spoke at some length on the order of
Native Sons and particularly of Niantic
Parlor and urged all to continue in the
good work in which they are engagcl.
He did not talk of the office to which he
has been elected except to say that he
felt proud of the honor that the people
had conferred upon him and to thank tha
members of Niantic Parlor, and the Na
tive Sons generally for the support they
had slven him.
He was followed by D. Stoney, A. B.
Mahony, L, F. Byington, A. J. Lynch!
D. I. Mahoney, J. B. Keenan, C. K. Bon
estell, J. B. Gartland and Judge Fletcher
Cutler of Kureka. A number of others
were called upon for informal talks. Dur
ing the repast an orchestra 'discoursed
music and J. B. Paulsen and W. E. Car
roll entertained with vocal selections.
Accident to Mrs. Cooper.
Mrs. J. K. Cooper, wife of the stationer,
came" near being- badly hurt yesterdav
afternoon. She was crowded against ah
O'Farrell-street car at Stockton street by
a sprinkling wagon. She escaped with
bruises. ■'-■■\
Evans' Ale I3 Known
Among critical ale drinkers as the "altogether"
ale, because it embraces all the perfections of
modern brewing and bottling. Sherwood &
Sherwood, San Francisco. Los Aagelea, Fort*
land. .. ' — "r-"^.*.'28
FAVORITE PLAYERS ROUTED WITH SEVERE LOSSES AT THE RACETRACK OVER THE BAY
LAJOIE PLAYS
BRILLIANT BALL
Makes Some Apparently
Impossible "Stops"
Cleverly.
All-Americas Win Fast Game
From Nationals by a
Score of 4 to 3.
The Eastern baseball stars should give
the followers of the game a hint as to
when they expect to play good ball. One
of the best games of the season was
played yesterday before a small attend
ance. The "fans," probably expecting a
repetition of Triday's long drawn out
game, stayed away. The All-Americas
won by a score of 4 to 3.
Lajole was back in the game and ac
cepted three difficult chances at second.
His work is done so easily the specta
tors hardly appreciate his clever f.eld
inc.
Mertes was ordered off the field in the
eighth by Umpire McDonald for talking
too freely. As there was no one to take
his place the order v."as withdrawn, but
not until the threat was made by the
players, "One off the lield. all off."
Each team scored i:i the first inning.
For the All-Americas Barrett, Fraser and
Lajoie singled, scoring Barrett.
In the fifth they scored two runs. Sul
livan, the fir^t man up, was hit by pitch
er. He went to second on Bernhard's out
at first and scored on Pickering's two
bagger. Pickering went to third on Bar
rett's single to center. Van Haltren hit
to pitcher, and while Mertes was chasing
Barrett between Jirst and second Picker
ins sccred.
Their last run came in the sixth. Ir
v.in was safe on Briuliey's muff of a fly.
He went to second on Sullivan's single
and scored on a line drive which Bern
hard hit to Steinfeidt and which took an
unexpected bound as it approached the
shortstop and rolled out of reach.
Van Haltren scored the first run for
ihe Nationals. He hit safely and went
to second on a wild pitch. He scored on
Mertes' hit, which left the latter safe at
first en a close decision.
In the sixth listen singled over second,
advanced a bag on Mertes' out at first
end scored on Chance's two-bagger.
Van Haltren scored the third and last
run. He was safe on a hit past second,
vent to second on Hulen's sacrifice _nd
made his way home on Mertes' single. In
this inning McDonald had several close
decisions to render, and for a time it
seemed he would "call" the game, the
only punishment he coul.i inflict on the
players, if that could be called punish
ment.
The San Francisco team will play the
All-Americas to-day. It is announced by
the management that Iburg and Waddcil
■will be the opposing pitchers. The score.
ALL AMERICAS.
AB. EL Jill. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, If 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
Barrett, cf 4 1 2 o 1 o O
J'laser, rf 4 o '1 o « <> o
Lajcie, 2b 4 O 2 o 1 3 o
Davis, lb 4 u l o i« i o
Bradley. ;ib 4 o u o 1 1 0
lrwin. e.e 4 110 3 2 0
Hullivan. c 3 1 1 o 2 5 0
liernhard. p 4 o 0 o 1 2 u
Totals S5 4 11 o 27 14 0
NATIONALS.
AB.'lt. BH.'SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, cf 4 2 o 3 I 1
Hulea. 3b 3 1 2 « l i o
MerteE, 2b.... • 4 o 1 1 3 :{ 0
Chance, e 4 U 2 0 2 1 0
tarr. tt 2 U 1 0 2 M 1
Bcckley, lb 4 0 o 1 12 1 1
i-teinfe!<Jt, f.s 4OO00 1 1
McHale, If 3 o 0 .' 0 0 r. 0
Lte, p 3 0 00 1 2 0
Totals SI 3 8 2 24 13 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Nationals .-. 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 — 3
Base hits 1 1110 2 0 2 O—8
All Americas 1 o 0 O 2 1 0 0 • — 4
Base hits 3 O114 10 1 * — 11
SUMMARY.
Hur.s responsible for — Bernhard 3, Lee 3.
Two-base hits— Hulen, Pickering. Sacrifice
hits — Carr, Huten. First base oa errors — All
Americas 2. Left on bases — All Americas S,
Nationals 4. Struck out — By Bemhard 1, by
Lte 2. Hit by pitcher — Sullivan. Double
play — Sullivan to Bradley. Wild pitch — Hern
hard. Time of game — 1:20. Umpire — J. Mc-
Donald. Official scorer— Harry Cathman.
KEW GENE_tA_. MANAGER .
FOE HOUSTON AND TEXAS
C. H. I_arkha_i cf This City Has
Been Appointed to Fill That
Position.
C. H. Markham has been appointed vice
president and general manager of the
Houston and Texas Central road. For
several months Mr. Markham has been
assistant freight trafiic manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, with head
quarters in this city, under • William
Sproule. \
G. A. Quinlan was the former general
manager of the Houston and Texas Cen
tral road, and died about three months
ago. Mr. Markham leaves for his new
post in a few days and will take charge
on the first of the year. Hia headquar
ters will be at Houston. His successor in
this city has not been appointed.
Salesman Kohn in Trouble.
Walter B. Kohn. a salesman, residing
in Alameda. had three charges placed
against his name on the City Hall police
register yesterday. Kohn ran his horse
and buggy over A. W. Bruen at the cross
ing of Market and Thfrd streets yester
day afternoon. Officer J. Jordan saw the
acts of Kohn and ordered him to stop,
but the man from Alameda paid no atten
tion and drove cff. He was placed under
arrest on the charge of fast driving and
battery in knocking down Bruen. When
eearclied at the prison a pistol was found
In his hip pocket. This v.as made the basl s
for a third charge. He produced bail as
security for his appearance in the Police
Court to-rrrorrovr.
Utah Press Association Is Comiujr.
The Utah Press Association, which will
visit this coast in January, will reach
San Francisco about the 20th of the
month. From here they will go north by
steamer ar.d return here later, where they
will disband and then return home. The
officers of the Utah Press Association
are: President* D. P. Felt. Salt Lake
secretary. I. E. Dlehl. Mammoth; corre
sponding secretary. Jay T. Harris. Salt
Lake, and treasurer, W. R. Me Bride,
Provo.
Taxes on -Capital Stock.
Argument on itie temporary injunction
in the test case of the Tax Collector
sgrafnst the directors of the Crocker
■\VooIv.orth Bank regarding the payment
of taxes on capita! stcsk of corporations
was heard before Judge Cook yesterday.
The Judge, dissolved the injunction so that
the case could be tried on its merits.
Kid Parker May Meet Corbett.
DENVER, Dec. 2S.— Billy Edwards,
manager, for Kid Parker of Denver, an
nounced to-night that Young Corbett to
day promised to meet Parker first when
he re-enters the ring-, the- weight to be
333 pounds at the ringside. Edwards also
announced that he has an offer from Kid
Broad to meet Eddy Toy at 126 pounds.
The Luger Automatic Pistol
Equals ordinary rifles In penetration; ac
curate at 500 yards. H. E. Skinner Co.,
selling agents, 416 Market street •
HARES OOTFOOT
FAST COURSERS
Run-Down at Union Park
Results in Many Long
Wedgewood Is Made First
Choice in the Special
Hard coursing was the rule in the run
down of the two stakes yesterday at
Union Park. The hares were more than
a match for their speedy pursuers, and
but few of the points in the heavy scores
were credited for kills. During the past
six weeks the hares set a pace that sur
prised the leashmen. They kept up this
gait until last week, when a slackening
of speed was noticeable. Many followers
of the sport predicted easier going for the
coursers and shorter trials in the stakes.
The expected did not happen. From the
cpening of yesterday's sport the hares
gave evidence of renevVed vigor and led
the hounds on long journeys. As the
stakes progressed the hares seemed im
bued with greater strength, and although
relief dogs were called into play .on at
least a dozen occasions, three of --every
four hares liberated managed to reach the
welcome escapes.
Short ends were given decisions often
enough to make the day an unprofitable
one for the talent, a total of seventeen up
sets being recorded.
The running off of the first rounds of
two stakes on Saturday found favor with
coursing enthusiasts, the attendance
being noticeably larger than for many
months.
In the o^en stake Elista and May
Hempstead are even favorites at 6 to 1,
and from appearances they will contest
for honors in the deciding course. Lilac,
Veto and Jingle Bells are. at 8 to 1. Pe
pita, at 12 to 1, is a good outside chance.
Wedgewood is favorite in the special
event. He was favored with an easy
course and in consequence was backed
from 6 to 3 to 1. Narcissus Is at 4, Little
Sister 6. For Glory and Flora McDonald
S, and Master Rocket at 10 to 1.
Likely •winners in the second round of
the open stake are Bowery Boy, Royal
Friend, Elista, Daylight, Fair Oaks, Sara,
Sofala, Jingle Bells, May Hempstead.
Terronette, Pepita and Veto.
Winners in the special stake look to be
"Wedding Bells. Vandal. Naughty Gfrl.
Little Sister. Narcissus, Silver Cloud, For
Glory. Sir Pasha, Firm Fellow, Flora Mc-
Donald, Wedgewood and Red Rock.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round — J. H. Muller's
Cruiser beat D. G. Frantz's Lavona, S!l-9;
George Sharman's Bowery Boy beat Kelley &
Hartley's ljusmagli Lass, 5-4; A. McLeod's
Hoyal Friend beat J. Shea's Slim, 5-3: C.
dock's Alameda Lad beat L. F. Bartels' Best
Bargain. 5-3: T. Ccx's Crockett Hill beat D.
Donovan's Bnnnockburn. 3-1; D. J. Healey's
Elista beat J. W. Fahey's October Lad. 0-1;
W. H. Robinson's Rcsle Freedom beat P.
Rellly'e Cascade, 22-9: \V. J. Leonard'*! Day
liEht beat J. H. McDuffle's Sally Brass, ti-o;
K. Geary's Fair Oaks beat F. Lee's Sweet
Locust, 17- V; J. O'Donnell's New Moon beat
E. Geary's Minnis Sankey. 11-9; W. C. de B.
Lopez's Sara beat W. Cairn's Gold Ore. 4-1;
E. Redci"'s Full Moon beat F. Rosenberger"s
My Nril, 5-«: P. M. Clarkson's Sofala b«»at
J. H. McNeil's Blackhawk. 15-12: H. Lynch's
Lottie M beat T. J. Cronln's Vixen, 22-12; H.
Lynch's Lilac <beat W. Cairns' Imperial, 3-2;
J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat J. H. McNeil's
Pearl iiac. C-l: F. Rosenberser's Master Bly
beat E. Geary's Roy Hughle, 0-2; J. M. Hal
tj.i's May Hemrstead beat H. Lynch's Black
Bart, 10-2; H. H. Gray's Terronette beat J.
Kelley' s Governor Mac, 14-4; George Graham's
Lady Newark beat E. Parkinson's Ben Kirby.
13-11; W. C. de B. Lopez's Peplta beat C.
Plckard's Bright Gold, 1S-7; J. P. Sweeney's
Cottage Lass a bye; J. F. Cheetham's Repre
sentative beat J. H. McDuffie's Bill Foster,
15-6; V. StelnhofTs Veto a bye.
Special stake, first round — Ed Neaves' Wed
dins Bells beat E. Geary's America. 15-10;
Ed Neaves' First Foot beat G. W. Sharman's
Gold Bug 1 , 14-9; P. M. Clarkson'e Golden Gar
ter beat E. Gearv's Bonnie HuRhle, 14-7: T.
J. Cronin's Vandal beat D. J. Healey's Tapio
ca. 0-3: Kelley & Hanley's Naughty Girl a
bye; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey beat P. Doyle's
Liberator, 25-1S: J. Markland's The Grafter
beat P. M. Clarkson's Promuto, U-4; George
Sharman's Little Sister beat D. J. Healey's
Fine Perm. 7-0; W. J. Leonard's Tom Hur
lick beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha. 10-3: A.
R. Curtis' Narcissus beac George Sharman's
Chicago Boy. 12-3; C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud teat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan, 3-2: H. H.
Gray's Rona beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad,
4-3- A R. Curtis' Kibosh beat Ed Neaves'
Spiteful. 22-5; D. J. Healey's For Glory beat
George Nathercott's Hickory Dick. 0-5; D. J.
Healey's Lady Clare a bye; George Sharman's
Sir Pasha beat D. J. Kealey's Tlburon. 3-1:
Geor-"e Sharman's Finn Fellow beat E.
Geary'* Fannie Hushle. 10-6; George Knight's
Shadow beat J. Carroll's Master Clair, 4-3;
B. Silva's Master Rocket beat A. Vander
white't- Lear King. 15-6; A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald a bye; F. Jones' "Wedgewood
beat H. Lynch's Merrlmac, 7-4; T. J. Cronin's
Tralee Boy beat J. F. Badt's Lovlna. 5-4;
George Nethercott's Red Rock beat D. G.
Franti's Dorothy M, 13-10; J. Cane'e Green
hall beat L. S. Barre's Amedee, 5-4.
STOCKTON'S FORMER POLICE
CHIEF HIGHLY HONORED
Commissioners of That City Pass
Resolutions Warmly Praising
John D. Gall.
The resignation of John D. Gall as Chief
of Police of Stockton was formally ac
cepted Friday by the Police and Fire
Commissioners of that city. Chief Gall's
resignation was read and then the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
Whereas. John D. Gall. Chief of Police De
partment of the city of Stockton, has tendered
hit resignation to this ooard as such Chief, to
take effe-ei January 1, 1902: and whereas, the
raid John D. Gall has. for the period of four
and one-half years, occupied said position of
Chief of the Police Department of said city.
Now. therefore, be tt
Resolved, by the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners of the city of Stockton. That
the said resignation of said John D. Gall, to
take effect on December 31. 1901, be and the
came hereby Is accepted; be It further
Kesolved. That the thanks of this board be
and the same hereby are tendered to the said
John V. Gall for the able, efficient and honest
administration by him of the affairs of said
Police Department.
This board fullr realizes that in the retire
ment of the said John D. Gall as Chief of
Police of this city the people or Stockton have
\ofi a felthful and upright servant, who* has
during his years of administration of said
office been an untiring foe to the criminal ele
ment, and has maintained peace and orderly
cor.iiuet within the city of Stockton. Ha It
further
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to said John D. Gall.
Mr. Gall will shortly embark In busi
ness in this city and will make San Fran
cisco his permanent home.
Sues to Enforce Agreement.
N. Hottua is suing Mrs. M. R. McLaugh
lln to compel her to selJ to him certain Im
proved properly on Bush street, near
Devisadero. .which he claims she agreed
to do in February of this year. The
price, he alleges. Mrs. McLaughlln agreed
to accept is $5500. and he claims he paid
her $G0 on account at the time the agree
ment was made.
Belden Sues for Partition.
A cult was filed by Charles A. Belden
yesterday for a partition of the estate
Of the late Josiah Belden. The property
is divided, according to the terms of Bel
den's will, between his widow and chil
dren, and the suit Is brought to have
their separate rights determined.
New Paymaster for Department.
Captain C. E. Stanton of the paymas
ter's department has been assigned to
duty in this State by the "War Depart
ment. General Young has stationed him
at the denaxtmant headquarters.
THE SA N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 190i. '
POSITION, AN OVERLOOKED OUTSIDER,
BEATS WATERCURE FOR THE HANDICAP
Q AUNT-LOOKING and sad-eyed
and finally knocked down to a
sympathetic bidder for $35 at the
Palo Alto stock farm disposal
sale is the. history of the horse
which defeated Gre,en Morris' crack
Watercure for the handicap at Oakland
yesterday. In the betting on the Peralta
handicap, one "mile and a sixteenth; Po
sition, the entry of "Dell" Fountain/ was
among- those laid out on the bargain coun
ter. Fifteen to one, and at some of the
smaller shops where scalping was done 16
to 1. a tin whistle and a cake of barber
soap went with each purchase on Posi
tion. The race attracted a blgr crowd to
the track over the bay, and seven out of
ten Individuals entering the ring wanted a
ticket on Watercure, the top-weight, with
Winnie O'Connor in the pilot-house. The
latter horse carried 122 pounds, and then
came a fall of 14 stories to Andrisa, with a
toothpick or a boot.iack on most of the
others. Among these lightweights Icicle,
Jim Hale and Rio Shannon fell in for
more than passing consideration. There
seemed to be a premonition of disaster
for Watercure, possibly due to O'Connor's
unlucky streak of late, as 2 to 1 could
always be had about him.
From a spectacular point of view a more
exciting contest could not be wished for.
"Dick" Dwyer started the bunch of nine
on their journey in faultless fashion, with,
Ransch on Icicle away in front under in
structions to set a dizzy clip, followed by
Jim Hale, Andrisa and Rio Shannon. The
pace was too hot. for as the stretch was
neared Icicle melted and Jim Hale eag
erly waited for the gong to sound corners.
About this time the chances of Andrisa
looked bright, when the whole bunch
seemed to swoop down upon her until she
was buffeted about like a decoy duck on
Suisun Slough.
Near the paddock with it looking any
horse's race, spread out as they were
across the track, O'Connor on the favor
ite had worked his way to the firing line
and Watercure's name was shouted by
hundreds. But on the far outside a
brown gelding, ridden by Hoar, had been
making great strides to the fore, and de
spite O'Connor's desperate llnlsh, Posi
tion gained the honors by a neck, while
half a length back Varro. a 30 to 1 shot,
made matters very interesting. The win
ner's time for the distance was 1:46, mak
ing it a creditable performance. Water
cure was last around the turn after the
start, and of course had to take his
chances after that. With clearer sailing
he might have won.
This was not the only spill, though, for
a favorite. There were several others, for
in fact Homsestead alone saved the tal
ent from utter ruin. For those who
picked them Afghan, Favorito, Sunello,
Position and Byron Rose gave splendid
returns for the amount Invested. One
form student picked the^card and he is
now commander of the army of the
Queen of Bavaria.
Winnie O'Connor's tardiness In leaving
the barrier with Herculean in the opening
sprint worked the favorite's defeat. By
the time the head of the stretch was
reached Winnie had "little Willie" nearly
up with the leaders and appeared to have
the race in hand. Mounce on Afghan,
however, got through next the rail, beat
ing the favorite a head. The scale of
weights in this event was raised fifteen
pounds above the scale and the winner
covered the six furlongs in 1:14V*.
Apparently the jumping horses are im
proving, for the mile and a half hurdle
event was a pretty affair, resulting in the
win of Favorito, a 5 to 1 chance, ridden
by Mattier and carrying 142 pounds. Be
fore taking the last obstacle it .looked as
as if Phil Archibald, the favorite, piloted
by Peters, would land, but Favorito out
jumped him, winning almost easily at the
wire from Sam Green. The favorite ran
into the show.
On form It looked, as if Artilla was
the best of the six starters in the mile
and a quarter selling run, and, a 4 to 5
favorltg, the brown mare finished second.
Sunello, with Blrkenruth in the saddle
and 4 to 1, led from start to finish. Bums
astride the favorite did not furnish one ol
his best efforts, for after zigzagging about
lost by a length. Compass, a 30 to 1 shot,
ran third and £1 Mido fourth.
Green Morris" colt Homestead was com
pelled to step a mile in 1:40 to win the
two-year-old handicap, and then he only
laid Lapidus away by a head. O'Connor,
who rode the favorite, was cut off by
Royalty about three furlongs from tne
stand, and only led the Jennings entry
out in a hard drive. The stay of Botany
out in front was postponed after two
thirds of the distance had been traversed.
To get out, the losers all unloaded on
Autolight to take the last event, sending
the Morris horse to the post a 7 to 5 fa
vorite.- Slow, as usual, to get moving, the
brown fellow ran third. Byron Rose, an
8 to 1 shot, having Ransch in the saddle,
never relinquished the lead, downing
School for Scandal, another outsider, a
half-length.
Track Notes.
Twenty-one bookmakers again weighed
in. "Bill" Langford did a thriving busi
ness with his combination book, and the
two field books had all they could attend
to.
It is beginning to dawn on turfmen that
"Dell" Fountain is a pretty keen Judge of
horseflesh. In 1898 "Dell" bought Tempo
for $S0 and Inside of a month the chestnut
hirse was beaten but a head by Scottish
Chieftain in the Labor day handicap run
at Anaconda. Some weeks ago he pur
chased Position from J. Creeley for $700,
and the Racine gelding promises to de
velop into a better horse than Potentc.
This last named son of Racine was run
ning: around here in selling races, and
later on in the East captured the Omnium
handicap.
Winnie O'Connor, with "Dutch" Lewis,
left for Sacramento last night, where
Winnie, it is said, will put in a week of
rest at tlfe Haggin ranch.
A deal was consummated yesterday
wherein the New California Jockey Club
became the possessor of the Tanforan
Park, property, paying $S2,500 for the
plant. The property comprises eleven
acres of the choicest land in San Mateo
County, with about $300,000 worth of im
provements thereon.
HORSEMEN WHO RACE AT
CHARLESTON OUTLAWED
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— B. O. Hanlon of
the jockey club, when seen to-day re
garding the status of the owners, train
ers and Jockeys who are running or rid
ing horses at the Charleston Industrial
Fair racecourse, said:
"The Charleston track Is neither recog
nized nor licensed by the Jockey club.
During the Brooklyn Jockey Club meet
ing last fall the Charleston people made
application for, a license and the jockey
club refused them. During the Bennings
meeting- a few weeks ago I was asked
by several horsemen as to what would
happen if they ran horses at the Charles
ton meeting. Although the rules are dis
tinct on the matter, I did not care to an
swer the question and^ telegraphed imme
diately to August Belmont, who sent the
following reply. 'Not being a regularly
licensed course, horsemen will get into
trouble through racing at the , Charleston
track.' Rules 1 and 7; of the rules of
racing are explicit in regard to thevmat
ter and make It unnecessary tot the
Jockey club to take action, as by violat
ing the rules owners, trainers and Jock
eys outlaw themselves."
X<ennep Wins the Handicap.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 28.— Crescent City
summary: ■
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Saturday. Dec. 28.— Weather line. Track fast.
HOS3. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
__ . ~~" I BetUng.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. , %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3042 Afghan, a 134 1 5 1 5h In 1 h C. Ltnd Mourfce S 13-2
302U Herculean, 4 134 8 01 G2 2125' Summers & Co.O'Conrior 2 5-2
:UM4 Saul or Tarsus 4.134 5.4 2 41 51 34 S. McNaughton. ...Burns B 5
3031 Edlnborough 4 ..137 2 1 2 1 1% 4 % 4 1 \W H. Ketcheman.Jackn 8 IS
(3042) Rose of Hllo 4.. 134 G 72 7B 758 1' O. Webb Blrlcenruth 10 16.
302(5 Maresa, 3 . 129 4 2 h 2 n" 3 h 0 1 J. H. Dolan...J. Woods 4 6
3(ttG Gibraltar, a 137 3 3232 0 % 7 5 H. J. Jones E: Jones 5 0
2609 Qulbo. 3 129 7 9 9— i_ » ti 8 8 Kvana & Price. A. Kelly 20 60
2962 Alado. 4 134 9 8 1820 0 F. J. Todd Spencer 20 40
Time — 14, :24%; %, :40; %. l:14}i. Good start. "Won flrst three driving. Winner, C. Lind's
ch. g. by Inverness- Affinity, fclounce on winner sneakea through next the rail. Herculean
away poorly and later on O'Connor broke hl» whip. Saul was bothered in the stretch.
Edlnborough is a bird to quit.' Maresa found the weight too heavy. Gibraltar did hla
usual stunt. Scratched — Alzura 129. _
3054^ SECOND RACE: — One and a half miles; Hurdle handicap; 8-year-olds and up; $325.
_—- _ j . _ . ___ ._. . _____
IndexJHorse, Age, Weight. [St. Std. %. ■• Str. : Fin. Own^r and Jockey. Op. CL
3008 Favorito. 4 1421 2 3 10 3 0- 14 1 2Ji Klunder & Burns.Matler 4 8
(3037) Sam Green, 4 135 5 5 44 3 3 21 Frank UofTy Evans .. G 5
3037 Phil Archibald, 3.133 6 2 n In 21. 3 6 J. M. Crane & Co.Peters 3-2 11-10
3037 Distance, 5 128 4 10 2 n 4 2 4 1 C. Wi Chappell.Harrlson 8 11
3037 Romany, 5 125 3 4 3 6 3 6 D. McCarthy.. .McCarthy 5 7
3022 St. Anthony. 4.. 130 1 Refused John Kan* ...... Brodle _Jl<) 80
Time-^-2:51M; Good start. "Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, Klunder _
Burns' b. g. by Kmperor of Norfolk-Los Angeles. Winner outjumped Archibald over each
obstacle. ■ Sam Green Is improving; right along. Distance quit, possessing no class.
3055;' THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; 3-ycar-olda and up; to flrst, $325.
~ — j r Betting.
lndex|Horse, Age, "Weight. St. Vi. %• . Str. Fin. 1 Owner aiwl Jockey. j Op. CL
3018 Sunello, 4 101 2 11% 1'IW 12 1 1 M. Storn Blrkenruth 5-2 4
:5044 Artilla, 4 ........104 5 5 n • 4 n. .2 2 2 6 C. W. Carroll. .T. Burns 9-10 4-5
3014 Compass, S 96 4 3 1 3 1 4 4 ' 3 n. James Wllaon......Hoar 25 30
3044 El Mido. 5 101 1 4 h 5 5' 3 n 4 0 J. S. Campbell. ..Redfern 3 18-6
2907 Expedient. 4 101 C 6 C 6 6 6 P. E. Smith J. Daly 15 25
3042 IBllly Lyons. 3... . _»2_3 2 % 2 n 5 3 6 \ Hennessy & Co.. Jackson 20 15
Time— >4, :25V1; \b. :50%; »i, 1:16V4; m, 1:42',4; l%m 2:08. Good start. Won first three
driving. AVlnner, M. Stern's b. g. by Morello-Sunlit. Sunello stopped at no wayside sta
tions for mall. Artilla is a dlfticult mare to ride and Tommy Burns forgot instructions.
Compass ran a bit. El Mido will hardly do.
3O5O. FOURTH RACK— 1 1-10 miles; Peralta Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $500.
_ . Betting.
Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
(.•5018) Position, 4 9C 9 S ft 7 h 8 1 In D. S. Fountain Hoar 10 IB
:;at8 Watercure, 4 122 5 9 8 h 4 14 2 % G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 2 2
3027 Varro, 3 93 4 7 1 9 2 n 3 4 G. W. Miller.. Waterbury 10 30
13038) Rio Shannon, 4.. 99 7 4 h * 4 n 8 h 4 1 J. Coffey Jackson 5 8
2005 The Fretter. 5... 90 S 5 h 5 h 8 1 5 n F. J. O'Rourke.. Redfern 30 12
Andrisa, 4 108 1 31 2h 6 % 6 h " Jennings & Co.. J. Woods 4 7
3038 Rosormonde, ti. .. 98 6 6 2 " 6 Vj 9 7h Pueblo Stable.. ..J. Daly 4 15
mis ' Icicle - 3 04 3 12 12 In 84 P.Ryan Ransch 4 0
(:«)28) Jim Hale. 3.... -.103 2 2 n 3^71.9 W. L. Stanneld.-McGlnn 6 7
Time — Yt. :24U; lb, :4S; %. 1:13%: mile, l:40il 116m, 1:46. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racine-Pottery. Position at times was pock
eted and then finished like a streak after going around the bunch and finishing on the out
side. Watercure was slow to get away and O'Connor had to work hla way through the
crowd. Varro could have won with better handling. Shannon grew weary chasing Icicle
and Jim Rale. Andrisa was knocked out of It. near. the paddock. .
SO57. FIFTH RACE — One mile; free handicap;; two-year-olds; value to first, $400.
I Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. ft. Str. j Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
."045 Homestead 100 3 31 3h.22;in G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 1 7-10
3043 Lapidus 93 4 2 1 5 3 3h 2 1% Jennings & Co O'Neil 8 20
(3010) Royalty 92 6 6 10 6 12 In 3 2 W. B. Sink Jr. .Jackson *6 15
(:«VW) Majgi 103 7 52 42 4 1 45 W. E. Appleg&te. ..Hoar 6 12
3045 Botany 103 1 16 11 6 15 5 1 E. E. Edwards.. Buchan C 6
(3048) The Giver .105 2 4h 2h 5n 6 20 Elmwood Farm.. Ransch 4 T
."040 Bragg 80 6 7 7 7 ■ 7 Thomas Rowe Knapp 6 8
Time— y<, :25; %, :49^; %. 1:16%; mile, 1:40. Good start. Won flrst three driving. Win
ner, G. B. Morris' b. c. by Candlemas-Sweet Home. O'Connor on Homestead had another
hard-luck voyage and was fortunate to win. Lapidus small but game. Royalty ran a nice
race. Magi didn't. Botany scorched the track for a few panels and then retired, and The
<3t Y e i'. w - en --yl th - h i m '- B - rag - g L a P-° u l J - •
3O5S. SIXTH RACE — Futurity course; three -year- olds and up; value to flrst. $325.
; __ j Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
S045 Byron Rose, 3.... 107 3 1 n 1 1 ; V h ; 1 % Roy Wilson Ransch 6 8
'.'802 Sc. for Scandal, 3.107 4 22 22 2 h - 2 ns F. W. Doss... .T. Burns 5 10
303S Autollght. 3 110 2 6 16 2 6 3 8 1 G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 2 7-5
3045 Doublet 4... 112 1- 4 ?4 4 1 3 1 4 6 D. S. Fountain. .Mounce 5 3
(2904) Ordnung. 5.. .".... 112 5*8n 3 1 4^51 J. W. Schorr... J. Woods 0-5 5-2
1538 February, a... ...112 C76 61 75 62 J. S. Gibson. .. .Howaon 30 50
2368 Berendos. 3. 107 8 6 n 7 4 6 1 7 10 Liberty Stable. ..McGinn 100 200
2902 Nellie Holton, 0. .112 7 8 8 8 8 Dickey & Under. ..Kelly 100 200
Time— To Vt. :22; to W, :45»,i; last %. l:00H: short %, 1:10%. Fair start. Won handily!
Second and third driving. Winner, R. Wilson's ch. g. by Ducat-Rose of Magenta. Byron
Rose fast and in good racing luck. Scandal did well after being freshened up. Autollght
is no sprinter and the smart ones got too far ahead of him at the start. Ordnung appar
ently not -ready. -.
First race, six furlongs — -If You Dare won,
Imp. Albula second, Wallenstein third. Time,
1:16.
Second rttee. one mile, selling — Pirate's Queen
won. Little' Henry second, Ida Penzance third.
Time. 1:44!
Third race, six furlongs — Amlgarl won,
Kalonia second, Pyrrhb third. Time, 1:15&.
HBRnRHBaDBBBBnnfflHBHCTBBHaBBHBBBHHBBBBBBHBaH
I D ° You Want to FeeILik^ a Youn£ Giant? (
1 Do You Want Strength, Happiness, and |
I '^^mh^-^^ Long Life? . |
I M, M Jl No man should be weak; no man should suffer the loss of that vital element ■
g WmW^ which renderslif e' worth living. No man should allow himself to become less a man S
I WUMA • han nature intended him; no man should suffer for the sins of his youth when there a
\§ Wwr I iS at hand a ccrtain cure for his weakness, a check to his waste of power. n
i .||| // . • 'Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, a
I .'-3-. fj E_/ from which men suffer ' are due to carf y lossoi nature's reserve power through mis- n
I t| m takes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The very element S
a "wJIM, which you have lost you can get back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives. !
j DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. i
I My Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory (free), _ An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young *s he did _ « ■
g will restore your power. Tt will check all unnatural drains and Tha \ sh ows how it renews the vipr of youth. 5
Si , • , , ., ,, • e „ " stops losses in ten days. It restores full, vigorous power and devel- B
H losses and give back the old Vigor of youth. > :•> opment to the shrunken parts. V ~ E
§ Mr. Loula Foscallha. Auburn. Cal.. writes about It: "I •ufftred for ten year* with It Cures Rheumatism. Sciatica. Pains ■ Lambatro TTM«.« TW~M_ n
ra varicoeele and tha attending weakness, doctored with various concerns without relief. It banishes oain in a ntVhr n«« f«. I * JDOa »°' JUOney iTOUDle. U
_) As a last resort I tried your Belt, and in six week. th« weakness was entirely cured ".Danisnes pain in a night, never to return. fl
ra and the veins reduced to their normal condition. I never expected such results and Mr. Geo. Tanner, "WatsonvlUe. Cal.. says: '1 wore th« B«u «-i- * *. ■
i will always ba _r_teful." . when all pain and weakness left my back? I rewmmlnded it tl a frtTn^S ■
§ This drain upon your power causes Kidney Trouble. Nor ,^. who l! ad lame back for yeara Md he recelved wonderful results." ■
§ Rheumatism and^tomach Ailments. You know it's a : loss of thin^lian^you Si SJ S
| Vital power and affectS every Organ Of the body. Most Of the Iveeured thousands, and every man of them is a walking advertisementfor S
B ailments from which men suffer can be traced to it.' " . . . / S
1 I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the -« E S%^ < __f__TW^\JSr_? < _i. fa _!Sr b* I
S savings of years in useless doctoring. cause th« c«« cost so HtUe. " °? ' M ' g
S , , My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed; you 8
■ feel the glowing heat from it (no sting or burn, as in old 'can't. yu ana a lot J™ he B
S Style belts), and you feel the nerves tingle with the new life Try my Beh. Write me to-day for my beautifully illustrated book with H
g. flowing into them. You get up in the morning feeling like a W^^N^I&ktW
0 two-year-old. will send the book sealed, free. Consultation free. • / J^Tra
1 Mr. W. Miller of Button Willow, Kern Co., Cal., says:- T) P M C MpT micrhlir* 7O2 Market Street, S. f! g
B .1 can honestly* say I have never telt tetter than, since using your famous A/1 • 1U- XJm m KjLtd.llgmin 9 At Lotta FonntTln B
■ belt. It has done wonders In , my.- case. ' My back Is now strong and every pain mnrtrv »nTTT,_- *-unaroum»in, B
H Is gone. My. appetite and digestion are excellent,, and in the morning I feef re- .. y**i__ hours— 8 a. m . to S:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 to _ / ®
g. freshed from good sleep. . and "am able to go about my work In good shape." . never SOLD BY AGENTS OR DRUG STORES.. / §
BHBMHBraHi-HnHHHmB ■HHIM^
Fourth race, seven furlongs, New Orleans
handicap— Lennep won. Master Mariner second,
Handlcapper third. Time. 1:29
Fifth race, one mile, selling: — Fake won, Joe
Doughty second, Menace third. Time, 1:45%.
Sixth race, one mile and a half, selling — Lit
tle Elkin won, Judge Steadman second, Major
Mansir third. Time, 2:41.
WHITNEY SHOWS
SPORTING SPIRIT
Tennis Champion "Will
Meet Chet Smith in
Match Game.
Seeks to End Discussion
of Incident in Recent
Tournament.
George P. Whitney, a member of the
tournament committee of tb • California.
Tennis Club, who won the class singles
held on the club courts Christmas day,
decided last night to play a match with
Chet Smith, who lost by default on
Wednesday. Smith was in the second
class, in which was the largest entry and
most evenly- matched players of any of
the classes.
The tournament commltee agreed to
postpone the play-off until to-day, but
after Smith had left the grounds Whitney
was in favor of playing It off at once.
Grant Smith and Charles Kuehn were the
other members of the committee present.
The former voted against this action,
while the Hatter refused to vote. The
tournament was played. This did not
meet with the approval of many of the
members of the club. Whitney considered
the best way out of the difficulty would
be to play Smith a match for the silver
cup. It will be played this morning and
Smith will receive "half thirty." the
handicap allowed by the committee.
Smith was In the half with Wood and
Collier and has expressed his Intention of
playing each of these men should ho de
feat Whitney. His first match would be
with Wood, who would receive "half
thirty." Should Smith beat Wood he
would next play Collier and receive, odds
of "fifteen." While Smith has little
chance of beating Whitney with the
handicap allowed him, he will at least
be afforded an opportunity of meeting' the
champion which he did not have on
Christmas day. Whitney has shown he
has the instinct of a sportsman by his
action in the matter.
Some interesting practice matches were
played yestrday on the courts of t£e Cali
fornia Club. .Many one-set matches were
played on account of the overcrowded
condition of the courts.
In singles Carl Gardner surprised the
spectators by beating H. W. Crowell. The
score was 6-4, 3-3. George Whitney beat
Dr, Sumner Hardy, 3-2; A. A. Moore beat
M . Cerf, 6-4; Page Collier beat James Mc-
Kenzie, 6-4, 5-7, 7-5, 8-6; Harry Halght and
Chet Smith tied, 8-6, 1-3. Dr. Lane beat
Cerf, 6-1; C. Smith beat H. Schmidt. 6-4,
6-4; P. Collier beat John Gibson, 6-1. 6-0,
6-1, 6-1; J. G. Gibson Jr. tied J. G. Gibson
Sr., 6-4, 4-6; P. Kahn and Joe Lielienthal
tied, 5-5; C. S. Kempff beat P. Collier, 7-5,
6-0, 1-6, 7-5.
In doubles Fred Brown and Will Allen
joined forces and defeated Harold Crowell
and Herman Powers, 6-4, ©3$, 6-0. The
Lane brothers beat Cerf and Moore, 4-6,
6-1, 6-2; Kahn and Dr. Phillip beat Mc-
Kenzie and Lillenthal, 6-2, 6-3, 6-3; A. Dun
can and Douglas Grant beat Clyde Beal
and Dr. Noble, 6-4. 6-3.
There will probably be a handicap
tournament for the Davis cups to-day.
The holders are Collier and Crowell.
Tebeau Confers With Hickey.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 28.— George
Tebeau, the owner of the Kansas City
American Association Club, was here to
day in conference with President Hickey.
He says he was only joking: when he
threatened to tie up every Western
League Club with an Injunction If he
were denied the ownership of the "West
ern League Club at Kansas City.
May the best man win— the pretty
bridesmaid.
FERRIS INDIANS
ARE DEFEATED
Berkeley Football Team
Proves. Too Much
for Them.
Hard Played Game Results
in a Score oi 16
to 10. w .
KIVEKSIDE. Dec. 2S.— Smarting under
their defeat at the hands of the Stanford
football team on November 30 the Ferris
Indian School eleven made a desperate
stand against the invincible Berkeley
team this afternoon. The Indiana scored
twice against their famous opponents, the
flnal score being 13 to 10 in favor of the
varsity boys. Fully 2000 people saw tha
game, which was played In a strong
norther.
Two Ions run3 by Whipple in tha first
half took the sphere over the Indian line.
The try at goal failed. Score 5 to 0. The
Indians had the ball at the end of the
half.
The Indiana" made a decisive stand in
the second half. Berkeley kicked off, but
lost the ball. Magee secured It and made
a spectacular run of thirty yards for a
touchdown. Score 5 to 5. Magee made
another star play, breaking through the
Berkeley line and running the length of
the field for a touchdown.. Score 10 to 5
In favor of the Indians.
This score was the occasion for a heart
to-heart talk to the varsity boys by their
captain. End runs by Mini won the gama
for Berkeley, as he scored two touch
downs. The try at goal failed. Score 15
to 10 in favor of Berkeley.
Scholder was injured and had to leave
the field or,d Moore was knocked out a
little later. Neither was seriously miv/tfL
Had the first half been played by^ths
Indians with the same vigor as marked
the second half the score would probably
have been a tie.
The Stanford Glee Club sans In the
Lorlng Opera-house to-night The two
football teams divided honors with tht
performers.
FLAJEtRIMAJSr APPOINTS
A GENERAL ATJDITOB
Erastus Taxing,. Formerly of Union
Pacific Road, Receives the Re
sponsible- Post.
Erastus Young has been appointed by
President Harriman general auditor of
his entire system of roads. The circular
announcing the appointment has been re
ceived at the local offices of the Southern
Pacific Company in this city.
Erastus Toung was formerly the audi
tor of the Union Pacific, with headquar
ters at Omaha. Under the new order of
things George T. Kllnk, general auditor
of the Pacific system in this city, will
drop the title of "general" and be now
simply auditor of the Pacific system and
will be under the supervision of Erastus
Young.
Young Ladies' Christmas.
Next Monday evening all of the local
branches of the Young Ladles* Institute
will hold a Joint reunion and Christmas
tree festival In Loyola Hall, corner of
Market and Tenth streets, on which oc
casion there will be In addition to the tree
and the distribution of presents there
from an entertaining" programme.
John McNaught to Lecture.
John McNaught will .deliver a lecture
In Justice Hall. Pythian Castle, 909 Mar
ket street, this evening, his subject being
"The Progress of Democracy." The lec
ture 13 to be under the auspices of tha
Liberty Branch Educational Club. The
public la invited to attend.ASPHALT TRUST
IS INSOLVENT
Receivers Are Named
for the National
Company.
Unable to Meet Obligations
Due on the First of
January.
NEWARK. N. J., Dec. 2S.-John M.
Mack and Henry Tatnall of Philadelphia
and John F. Shanley of New York were
to-day appointed receivers of the Na
tional Asphalt Company by Judge An
drew Klrkpatrlck of the United States
Circuit Court. Judge Kirkpatrick is au
lhority for this Information.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 2S.-The Record
will say to-morrow: "In anticipation of
a default in the payment of fixed charges
due on January 1 arrangements have
been made for the appointment of receiv
ers of the Asphalt Company of America
and the National Asphalt Company. It is
understood that Henry Tatnall. president
of the American National Bank, and John
M. Mack, a director of the National As
phalt Company, will be named as the re
ceivers by Vice Chancellors Emery and
Stevens, sitting at Newark. It was an
nounced that formal application for the
appointment of the receivers was made
yesterday.
•The Investigating committee formed by
Thomas de Witt Cuyler some weeks ago
Is friendly to the Mack-Widener-Elkins
Interests In control of the two concerns.
This committee now controls $20,030,000 of
the $30,000,000 of bonds issued by the As
phalt Company of America, and a major
ity of ajl the obligations Issued by the
National Asphalt Company through a
similar committee, in which William F.
Harrity is the moving spirit
"Fixed charges amounting to $500,000,
including the semi-annual interest on
asphalt 6's, are due on Thursday next.
"Wide circulation was given to a report
that the two asphalt companies would
default these payments, and the climax
came last night, when It was announced
that both corporations are insolvent and
will be turned over to friendly receivers.
"There is an Issue of $30,000,000 Asphalt
Company of America 5 per. cent bonds
and $6,000,000 National 5 per cent bonds,
besides the common and preferred stock*.
cf the National Company, amounting to
$15,875,000, making the total amount $54,
£75,000. The bonds of the company have
depredated rapidly within a few months,
and the Asphalt Company of America 5's
6old yesterday at 33, one-third of their
par value, which was the lowest price
they ever brought. About two years ago
they sold at 97."
WORK CEASES ON" THE
PosrorncE building
3>elay in Shipments of Steel and Stone
Retard th.o Course of
Construction.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2S.— Because of delay
in shipments of steel structural material
from the East and the shutting down- for
winter of stone quarries in Utah work has
ceased on the new postofflce building at
Seventeenth street and Broadway. Con
tractor Barrett sees no possibility of se
curing stone until May. He explains that
the Quarries cannot be operated in win
ter, cold weather cracking the stone.
"I am under a penalty of $40 a day to
complete the building by December 8,
3902," said Contractor Barrett, "but I
can do absolutely nothing until steel and
stone have arrived. The steel girders
and columns should have been here by
September 20, but they have not yet left
the Eastern mills. If I had the material
seventy or eighty men would now be at
■work. The Government officials selected
the Utah stone, but they must have over
looked the fact that climatic conditions
there might retard shipment."
To Excavate Shell Mounds.
BERKELEY, Dec. 28.— Several of the
shell mounds about the bay erected by
Indians years ago as burying grounds
•will be excavated by University of Cali
fornia students under the direction of
Professor W. C. Merriam of the palaeon
tology and geology departments and
Vance C. Osmont, a graduate student.
Three mounds will be visited—one at
Shell Mound Park in Oakland, one in
West Berkeley and the other in Sausalito.
The Irdlans threw up the mounds in
burying their dead as they covered each
body with shells. Beads. Implements of
war and camp utensils were buried with
the dead. These, with the skeletons,
will be dug up In the Interest of science.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec 28.— Adrian C.
Kosendale, one of the oldest and best
known commercial travelers on the Pa
cific Coast, died suddenly at his home in
this city this morning. His death was
caused by an affection of the heart. He
leaves a wife and one son. Charles -B.
Rosendale of Salinas. He was 53 years old
end had been a traveling agent for the
Nonotuck Silk Company of New York and
San Francisco for the past twenty years.
Hear Admiral Francis Asbury Roe.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.-Rear Admiral
Francis Asbury Roe, U. S. N., retired,
died here to-night. He was born in New
York. He was placed on the retired list
In October, ISS5, after thlrty-iour years of
active service.
Sirs. Elmer Dakan.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec 28.— Mrs. Elmer
DnJran filed to-day at her home In SoqueL
She was a native of Ohio, aged 73 years.
She came across the plains in early days
and has resided In this county since 1S5D.
Our Stock of Gold.
On/ August 1 the stock of gold in the
United States Treasury amounted to
$504,254,297. This is the largest Bum ever
held by our Government. How it com
">i»are* with the amounts held by the other
W-'reat depositaries Is shown by the follow
ing table:
Bank of France $478,238,220
Imperial Bank of Russia 345,408,144
Bank of Austria-Hungary 190,314,126
Bank of England 183,330,631
Bank of Germany 158,383,434
United States Treasury 504,251,287
But great as is the sum of gold In the
United States Treasury it is less by over
S!26,000.000 than the amount of gold in
t.rculation in the banks and in the hands
or the people. This on July 1 last was
$K0 407,296, making a grand total for the
UUted States at that time of $1,124,729,261.
— Chicago Record-Herald.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
Thh question arises in the family
every lay. Let us answer it to-day. Try
)b deliciois and healthful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes. No boiling! no
baking ! idd boiling water and set to
cool. I»la-ors: — Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
%t your grccers to-day, io cts.
\
ELMHURST HINTS
OF COMPETITION
Automobiles May Be Put
in Use if Fares
Are Raised.
Protest in a : Mass-Meeting
Against an Obnoxious
Order.
ELMHURST. Dec. 28.— Elmhurst resi
dents held a mass meeting in Red Men's
Hall to-night to protest against the action
of the Oakland Transit Company, which
has given notice that after the first of
the new year no more commutation tick
ets will be Issued from any point on the
line to Oakland and that all fares will be
collected in cash. Under the proposed
schedule of rates Elmhurst people will be
required to pay $6 per month for traveling
to and from Oakland, where they havo
heretofore paid but $3 per month. San
Leandro passengers will have to pay .he
same and patrons of the road who go
back and forward daily from Haywards
and pay $6 for a commutation ticket will
after the change goes Into effect have to
pay $12 in cash for the same privilege and
service.
Frank Storer acted as temporary chair
man of to-night's meeting. About 150
citizens of Elmhurst with a number of
others who reside along . the Haywards
line were present. Storer remarked that
it was not necessary to give any detailed
reasons as to why the citizens of Elm
hurst had convened. It was the universal
sentiment, he said, that Elrahurst was
being harshly dealt with as regarded the
coming raise in car fares, and that some
thing should be done to offset or nullify
the handicap if possible.
R. D. Myers was chosen permanent
chairman. He said:
Every resident of Elmhurst. whether he be
a commuter or not. Is financially affected by
the last mandate of the Oakland Transit Com
pany. We came here and tfullt up this com
munity with the assurance that we would have
the privilege of going to and from, our busi
ness In Oakland or to points in Oakland, where
we could board the ferry trains, at an expense
not to exceed $3 per month. 'We have made this
town all It is. Since the Haywards road has
changed ownership and management we have
been gradually deprived of conveniences and
now a raise in rates is coming:. First the tick
et-book costing $1 was dispensed with; next
the carrying; of bicycles on the cars was pro
hibited, and then the electric heater was taken
out of the cars. If we do not take some means
to protect ourselves in this matter, many peo
ple who now own and others who rent homes
here will remove. I do not think we can gain
anything by supplicating: the officials of the
Oakland Transit Company. Those of us who
have already gone to them have received noth
ing but Insults. I believe it would be practi
cable to run a line of automobiles Into Oak
land for a flat fare of 6 cents, and also think
that we could secure a commutation rate from
Elmhurst to San Francisco on the Southern
Pacific for $4 50 per month.
J. M. Moore, who acted as secretary of
the mass meeting, said that the people
of Elmhurst should act quickly if any
thing was to be accomplished.
Charles D. Kelly said that two years
ago Passenger Agent Goodman of the
Southern Pacific informed a committee of
Elmhurst residents that the company
would establish a $3 50 commutation rate
to San Francisco if twelve regular com
muters could be secured. R. B. Matson
announced that E. B. Stone was willing
to operate a number of automobiles be
tween Elmhurst and the Southern Pacific
station, which Is about a quarter of a
mile from the center of town, if the
Transit Company put the high rates into
effect.
At the conclusion of the meeting Chair
man Myers appointed the following com
mltte to confer with the Transit Com
pany and request that the commutation
schedule- be not changed, and also to see
what arrangements could be made with
the Southern Pacific passenger depart
ment:
Andrew Jones, Dudley Kinsell, the Rev. E.
E. Clark, H, B. Myers. J. M. Moore, all of
Elmhurst: B. C. Hawes and W. J. McCoy, rep
resenting San Leandro: "W. G. Palmanteer and
H. C. Morris, bankers of Oakland, who have
heavy property interests in Klmhurst.
The committee will report at an ad
journed meeting to be held Thursday
night
DEMANDS CLOSER TJNTON
OF LABOR ORGANIZATIONS
President Rogers of State Federation
Points Out Important "Work by
National Convention.
OAKLAND, .Dec. 28.— Charles j D.
Rogers, president of the State Federation
of Labor, has returned from Scranton,
Pa., where he was a delegate to the na
tional convention of* the American Fede
ration of Labor. Mr. Rogers brings the
news that In April the executive commit
tee of the national body will hold a meet
ing in" San Francisco for consideration of
labor conditions on the Pacific Coast.
The most important- work done by the
convention, Mr. Rogers, says, was the
adoption of resolutions calling for the
closer affiliation of labor organizations.
Individual unions are instructed to affili
ate with the local central organizations.
"This move has a most Important bear
ing upon the somewhat mixed conditions
existing in San Francisco," said Mr.
Rogers. "It was decided to uphold the
formation of Building Trades Councils,
provided that all of the unions affiliated
with such councils be members of their
international associations and likewise
affiliated with the local organization of
the American Federation of Labor."
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A B Abrams. San Jose TV" Wagner, Oakland
A Houghton & w, N T Capt J R Mclntosh.Cal
J Galvln, San Rafael T Sullivan, Plnqle
L S Cleaver, Sta Monic S E Farmer, Pt Arena
C L Melgs, N Orleans B Campbell, Pt Arena
A Miller. Dayton C Bradley, Kansas Cty
M E Eates & w. 111 H C Whitmor*. Kans
T W Fresh. Port Costa K E Todd N Orleans
~F Johnson, Port Costa A Barr, Rochester
C Braay, Benlcia J Davis, Angel Island
C Doud. Fresno W J Eckert & w, Pa
RUES HOUSE.
H T Archibald. L Ang ■ R Owens, Yreka
O H Kraft. Red Bluff, L. E Kilkenny. Salinas
K Brasg-, Oak Paxlc C Martin. Hollister
W H Parker, Stockton! E B Willis, Sacto
W B Webber & w, Okl C Kirkpatrick Chgo
J O Harrison, Berkeley A H Buhne, Eureka
G Faucett, Berkeley , Mary Gibson Victoria
C L. Darn. Berkeley Mrs S Blair," Victoria
V Boos. Tuolumne Maria Blair, Victoria
O Brpnson, Sonoma K Blair Victoria
W A Cox & w, Stktn H Dubben. Victoria
G Streib. L Ang . Mrs G Zeller. Ill
B F Laughlln. Or Mrs M C Reynolds,
Miss White. Portland Walla Walla
J VV Cusic. Albany G Mitchell & w. Wash
Miss E Elden. CloverdI T F Walsh. Cal
Miss n KIden, CloverdI R McKlnzle, Eureka
Mrs J M Anderson & J B Meeker, S Rosa
d, Sacramento E L Phillips & w. Fres
Pauline M. Eilers, Sac C F Wllklns, Cal
May Healy. 8acto R A Craig, Pa
L McDonald. Cal _M J Hughs. Pa
COTTRT GIVES MEND01TCA
CHILD TO HEB MOTHER
Sirs. Marian Joseph Declines to Con
test for Possession of the
Young Girl.
! OAKLAND, Dec. 28.-Mary Mendoca,
the 12-year-old child whose mother, Mrs.
Julia L. Maze, sued out a writ of habeas
corpus in order to wrest her prom the
possession of the Joseph family of Liver
more, was to-day awarded to the posses
sion of the mother by Judge Hall. Mrs.
Mariana Joseph, in whose custody the
child has been for four years, informed
the court that she was perfectly willing
that the mother should have her, and de
clined to make any contest
The child was reluctant at first to leave
the Josephs. \but after a private talk with
Judge Hall and the mother she decided
to go with her maternal relative. She
will be taken 'to the home of Mrs. Maze,
la Hollifiter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29. . 1901.
KRIS KRINGLE MAKES ARRANGEMENTS
TO MEET CHILDREN OF ALAMEDA
He Will Hold Forth at Harmonie Hall and Be the Gentral
Attraction of the Little Peoples Festival, Which Is
an Annual Event Looked Forward to With Eagerness
ALAMEDA, Dec. 28.— Every child's
favorite, old Kris Krlngle, will
hold forth to-morrow afternoon
in Harmonie Hall from 2 to 6
o'clock, during which hours the
little people's festival, or kinderfest, of
the Harmonie Club will be in progress.
Elaborate preparations have been made
for the annual event, that is always re
garded by the young folks of the local
German colony as the merriest and most
important of each year.
Among the attractive features of the
entertaining programme to be given by
the juveniles to-morrow afternoon are a
minuet dance in costume by a number of
clever children, who have been trained
under the direction of Miss Rosine d'En
nery, and a fairy play, in which twenty
two young people will apear. • The par
ticipants in the play have^been prepared
and rehearsed In their various roles by
Joaquln Luth. German will be spoken by
the tiny actors and actresses in the drama
of fairyland. All of the music and ac-
DISCUSS TRADE
AND UNIONISM
Noted Economists Re
view Existing Condi
tions in America.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The American
Economic Association devoted its morn
ing session to-day to a discussion of trade
and this afternoon's session to economic
theories. Brooks Adams of Qulncy, Mass.,
in interpreting the recent expansion of
the foreign trade of the United States
entered a plea of justification for com
mercial and even military warfare to
maintain the commercial supremacy of a
country. He reviewed the economic con
ditions of the United States and sur
veyed the rise and fall of governments in
the past.
"Worthlngton C. Ford, chief of the De
partment of Statistics of the Boston Pub
lic Library, gave a succinct review of the
commercial policy of Europe, in which he
contende'J that free trade would be the
outcome of a threatened breakdown of
the "superstructure of the general tariff
condition" of Europe.
Charles A. Tuttle of Crawfordsville,
Ind., described the workingmen's position
In the light of economic progress and con
tended that trades unionism and collec
tive bargaining, profit sharing and indus
trial arbitration all signified that the
workman has a quasi property right in
the business In which he Is employed.
At the afternoon session a paper by
Thomas N. Carver of Harvard University
discussed "Some Theoretical Possibilities
of a Protective Tariff," and sought, to
show that a tariff duty is not necessarily
paid by the home consumer; also that a
protective tariff may be so framed as to
raise wages as well as to attract labor
and capital from the. less productive Into
the* more productive industries— Judged
from, the standpoint of the community
rather than from that of the individual
business man.
The third session was held this evening
and two papers, "The Negro in the
Yazoo-MIssisslppl Delta," by Alfred H.
Stone of Greenville, Miss., and "Concen
tration and Arbitration Among Miners,"
by Herman Justin, commissioner of the
Illinois Coal Operators' Association, were
listened to with much interest.
Justin described the methods pursued
with respect to the coal mining industry
of Illinois in the settlement of disputes
and the prevention of strikes by friendly
council, where self-control is the govern
ing factor.
New View of Parental Kinship.
A little miss of five, living In Washing
ton, conspired with her brother, age four,
to save enough pennies to buy papa and
mamma presents. A friend of the family
noticed that mamma's present was much
finer and more expensive than papa's,
and was impelled by curiosity to Inquire
why the bulk of the savings had been ex
pended for the. mother. The little miss
replied: "Well, you see, papa Is only re
lated to we children by marriage, while
mamma la our relative by bornation."
CHILDREN WHO WILL BE
PROMINENT IN THE LITTLE
PEOPLE'S FESTIVAL.
SAYS THE BOOKS
ARE UNRELIABLE
Attack Made on School
Study of Scientific
Temperance. >
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Dec. 28.— Professor
O.' W. Atwater of Wesley an "University.
Middletown, Conn., read a paper before
the State Science- Teachers' Association
here . to-day on "Alcohol Psychology in
the County Schools." He said in sub
stance: . -
A body of temperance reformers by extensive
organized effort has secured in almost every
State in the Union legislation requiring text
book Instruction In temperance psychology In
public schools. Unfortunately for science,
pedagog-y and morality, a considerable part of
this teaching Is not In accord with the views
of specialists or the result of the latest scien
tific Investigation.
Thus It comes about that In the United
States a (treat educational movement Is at
tempting to build ■ up moral reform upon a
basis of doctrine which scientific authority dis
approves.
In explaining what in his judgment
constitutes rational teaching of the sub
ject Professor Atwater said he believed
the instruction should be only In the
higher and not In the lower grades of
schools, and that both the kind - and
amount of Instruction should be left to
the great' body of capable, conservative
and earnest educators to decide.
In the afternoon Just before adjourn
ment Mrs. Mary A. Hunt of Boston, na
tional superintendent of scientific temper
ance of the world's Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, and Mrs. Ella A.
Boole",*-- president of the State Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, disputed
statements made by Professor Atwater
relative to .alcohol in food. Mrs. Boole
said that It was a reflection on teacher^
that they^were opposing temperance leg
islation and teaching of text books. Tho
great' stumbling block in teachers''insti
tutes and normal schools, she said, was
due to the fact that there was not an In
telligent presentation of the effects of al
cohol.
Calendars and Diaries
For 1902. Also Dally Journals, Memoran
dum Books, B1H Books, Card Cases and
Blank Books of every description. Best
service and best values et Sanborn Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ' ♦
Wife Charges Insertion.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— Mrs. Mary Lucien
began suit to-day against Peter, Lucien
for divorce, charging desertion.
Mrs. Luclnda Powers, who died recent
ly in Georgetown, Ohio, was said to be
the sweetheart of General* Grant's boy-;
hood, and when Grant became President
he' made, her Postmistress of George
town. : •■■;■ ■■ a
companlments will be rendered by the
children. Mr. Luth is to officiate as stage
manager.
In the minuet dance these graceful little
people will take part: Reta M. Gollnsky,
Carolyn Furth, "Vallere Foveaux, Gladys
May Coates and Herbert D. Langhorne.
Presents will be distributed by Santa
Claus to every little boy and girl in at
tendance at the kind erf est. In the even-
Ing there will be a reunion of the fami
lies of the members of the Harmonie Club.
Harmonie Club, under the management
of which the children's festival will be
held, Is- the oldest social organization in
Alameda, and has numbered among Its
members nearly all of the prominent Ger
man residents of this city. It has been
the yearly custom of the club to set aside
a day during the Christinas season to be
given over to the younger people.
The present officers of the Harmonie
Club are: President, Henry Epstein; vice
president, Martin Lemcke; treasurer H.
H. Danker; secretary, Herman Helnsohn.
SAYS SCRIPTURE
CAN BE STUDIED
Chancellor Andrews Not
of Belief That Inquiry
Shakes Faith.
, Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 28.
/ Professor E. Benjamin Andrews, chan
cellor of the Nebraska State University,
and President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the University of California were guests
of honor last night at a well attended
banquet given under the auspices of the
Baptist Social Union of the First Baptist
Church. John G. Hoyt, president of the
union, who presided, drew the attention
of the guests to the fact that the two
college presidents are the sons of Bap
tist ministers and were reared in the
Baptist faith.
Professor Andrews addressed himself to
the subject of the Christian religion, de
claring his faith in its mission and assert
ing his belief that evolution is not an
tagonistic to its progress. He said in part:
Fear la expressed by coma people that the
belief in the Scriptures is in danger of being
shaken by study and investigation. I find In
contact with students from Christian homes
that they have the Idea that they must not
indulge in too much Investigation and thought
along theological lines. There teams to be a
fear that if they attempt to investigate tho
Scriptures they are almost certain to bring up
against disbelief. This is a falsa theory. I
don't. think there is any. danger to religion In
the investigation of Its grand principles.
The trouble Is that there are too many people
who regard science as something mechanical
There are many who believe Darwinism, in
particular, to be a terrible thing. And they
think that if the doctrine of. evolution Is taken
as true It destroys all theology. I have met
many students who think there Is & great con
• tradlction between evolution and i religion, I
do not think that there is anything of tha
kind. It li quite true that if one maintains
Darwinism as a strictly materialistic theory
that out of nothing something comes, that life
finally makes Its appearance In matter, such
person has no need of a God. but he has con
siderable need of philosophy and common sense
Another bogie man that scares people Is the
so-called higher criticism. A few of us re
member the early criticism of the New Testa
ment. But this criticism has proved to 'be a
great blessing. "We now see things clearer
than before and have greater assurance In the
'divinity of Christ. We know that Christ spoke
with an assurance as never man spake before
Criticism has shown us more and more that
this is so. Instead of the Christian religion
being injured I believe that the net result of
criticism will be that the faith will be estab
lished more and more stronsrly.
President "Wheeler's address was a hu
morous dissertation on the life of him
self as a Baptist preacher's son and his
association with Professor Andrews, also
the son of a Baptist preacher, at Cornell
and Heidelberg universities. He said he
took no stock in the libel that all minis
ters', sons are scapegoats.
Steals Diamond and Confesses.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.— L. A. Clemens, a
solicitor, has confessed to the police that
he stole a $75 diamond ring froni Mrs. L.
Klose. residing at 860V6 Filbert street. The
gem was found in a pawnshop. Clemens
is in Jail. ■
. WASHINGTON Dec. 28.— President Roose
velt has accepted the resignation of First
Lieutenant Harry H. Stout, ordnance depart
ment. • •
BELIEVES DAVIS
SAW FUGITIVES
Sheriff Satisfied That
Conductor's Story
Is Correct.
Prisoners Escape Six Hours
Sooner Than Officers
First Thought.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec 23.
Sheriff Rogers and his Jailers are sat
isfied that Frank Case and William Kelly
escaped from tho County Jail between the
hours of 9 and U o'clock on Christmas
• On the strength of Conductor "William
Davis* statement to The Call that he saw
them on tha 11:45 narrow gauge train to
the city that night Sheriff Rogers Inters
viowed Davis to-day and ascertained that
tho story is true in every respect. The
Sheriff is convinced now that the men
escaped some six or seven hours sooner
than was at first thought and under
cover of darkness instead of in broad
daylight.
"There Is no doubt that Davis saw
the men," said Jailer George Taylor to
day. "He knows Case well and could not
have been mistaken as to his identity.
We wish he had told us about them
sooner, but, of course, he Is not to blame,
because he honestly thought they had
got out of their troubles with the police.
"He described their appearance Just as
he did to The Call. They were dirty and
dusty from climbing about in their effort
to get free.
"I think they got out between 9 and 11
o'clock Christmas night. We lock the
prisoners up at 6 o'clock at night, but
these two men were not locked in their
cells Christmas night, because they hid
in the bathroom. Their cellmates de
ceived us as to their presence and their
absence was not noted. They must have
crawled through the place where the bars
were sawed off and stayed there until
after., 9 o'clock, when they got away by
means of the rope ladder.
"We think the men are in San Francisco
and that they will be caught very scon.
Neither had more than twenty-flve cents
and I don't think they would have
skipped."
Sheriff Rogers has shut down on vislt3
to all prisoners. He will not permit the
promiscuous calling that has been going
on for a long time. Some of these visi
tors, he says, are responsible for the
presence of saws in the Jail.
BEWEY THEATER CXOSES
A STJCCESSFITIi YEAR
Manager Stevens Receives Splendid
Return for His Efforts to Please
His Patrons.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— "Captain Swift,"
a melodrama of high colors, will be given
New Tear's week, commencing Monday
evening, at the Dewey Theater. The plot
is strong and the full cast of the stock
company will be employed to present the
drama. Manager Stevens closes the year
with a record of successes quite unpar
alleled In the theatrical history of this
city. By earnest effort to meet his
patrons' tastes he has realized a hand
some and prosperous twelve months. The
new year dawns brightly upon Mr. Stev
ens rfnd his popular playhouse.
Mrs. Aldrich Appeals.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— Mrs. Minnie C.
Aldrich filed an appeal to-day from the
decision recently recorded against her in
her suit for an accounting from Mrs.
Annie Aldrich Barton and Mrs. Alice
Dunning, trustees of her husband's es
tate. She claimed that certain moneys
from the sale of stock should have been
given to her, but the court decided that
they belong to the trust.
licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, bee 28.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Nels P. Johnson,
28 years old, and Grace S. Godwin, 21,
both of Oakland; James H. Collins, 27, and
Dolly Strolzwald, 22, both of Oakland-
Frank F. Lewis, 23, and Mary R. Reba,
18, both of Haywards; Philip J. McGrath,
37, Nevada, and Mary E, Roberts, 30, Oak
land.
Contestants Ask for 1Hqvt Trial.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— A motion for a
new trial was made to-day by Mrs. Eliza
M. Miller, Mrs. Cordelia A. Baldwin and
Mrs. Martha Duval, the recently defeated
contestants of the will of Miss Eleanor
H. More. Errors In the trial and insuffi
ciency of evidence to justify the nonsuit
granted by Judge Melvin are the grounds.
Postofflce Promised Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 2S.— Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf has written to a friend
here stating that after the holidays he
will Introduce and work to put through a
bill in Congress to provide a Federal post
offlce building for this city, to cost, with
the site, 5100.000.
Butcher Surprises Burglar.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 28.— A burglar was
surprised last night by W. H. Noy while
trying to rob the tatter's meat market,
at Bay station. Before Noy could cap
ture the Intruder he had Jumped .over a
fence and escaped.
Pff^^ pf] u^i R|*^ E3* Fa Hi ETi QilKsSrsS JBtXm ftjHg gJB SWeSS Bm Kl E9 Bl GR Hi
>*^^^^^^^k Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
1^ French Preparation of
. fflBT \ "OALTHOS" '
jlipff J0esg&> irsJ FOR LOST MaNH0CD -
jrlp/ fpj Fu!I FIv © Days' Treatment
W 1LT1 SEWT FREE
1^ Ji^^ NO C.O.D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
iSSw BaSr^ 7^ fir* jrounwlf or remain in ignorance whila joa ar»
JKggiNw J^ A J being drag B ed down bj this insidious disease. No
jEKryS^Vw "*•^^ff matter what th» caan may b«, whether early abase*.
jjRsgjiglpaS^^^s^ ~VL excesses or OTerworlt and bnaineos cares, tha result*
igSSlSSfsgS^J^^fcw /Y^. " re ***• «™»-Pr«ni«tare loss o* strength and mem-
Cr7> emlstions » impotency, Taricocelo and shrunken
"■^■^^i^r^r^* iS^^J&WSS^v P 8rt * Tnl1 »P««no remedy will enro you at any rtacs
v^S.. before epCspty results, with ensuing consumption »nd
N \ j >O<iC3P^^> insanity. - Calthos » e oes directly to th« seat of tho
trouble, no matter of how long standing, and tho pa-
Every peisoa who is a sufferer from nervous diseases tient feels tha benefit of tha first days* treatment. Ia
should write the Von Mohl Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, at flv* days the medicines sent free will mako 70a feel
once, and accept their offer of a five days' trial treat- like a new man. •
ment free of charge. Thia is no C. O. D. or DEPOSIT The Ton Mohl Oo. often receive* the mott astonish*
scheme but a liberal proposition made to unfortunate ing testimonials from persons who have taken only five
sufferers by this long-established concern, which is day's treatment. They have thousands of testimonials
tho largest importer of specifics for narroos and sex- from those who have been permanently cured after
aal diseases in the world. having been given up by doctors, misled and rained in
Ths Yon Mohl Co. has tho solo American rights for health by disreputable medical schemers, and when
Prof. Laborde's French preparation of ** Calthoa," the they had given up their last hope for health and hap-
only remedy known to advanced medical science that pinees. Ho sensible person will permit Ms name to be
will positively cure nervous debility. This remedy used for a testimonial as an admission that he had any
has for years been used as a specific in tho French and of the diseases for which the preparation of " Calthos "
German armies, and since its introduction into the is a specific care. Some irresponsible advertisers an
United States has cured many thousands of sufferers, using ■ made-up" testimonials, bat the Von Mohl Co.
and the remarkable snecess of tho remedy in Europe invariably declines to maka public the names or cor-
has been repeated in this country. respondence of any patients who have been cured by
In order to place this wonderful treatment in tha 5 Calthos."
hands of every person who suffers the mental and Five days* treatment will be placed ia yonr hands
physical ancuish of sexual weakness. The Voa Mohl free of cost, and you are earnestly ursed for your own
Oo. has decided to send a free trial treatment to all sake to send for it without delay. Write today and
who write at once. The remedy Is sent by mall in a send yosr address. It is not necessary to give em-
plain package, and there is no publicity In receiving it barrassing details of yonr symptoms. The book ac-
or taking it. Accompanying the medicine there is a eompsnying the five days' treatment will enable you
fall treatise in plain language for yon to read. Take to take the medicine in private and treat yourself sue-
the medicine privately with peia«t safety, and a sure eessf ully at home. It coats nothing to try this remedy,
cure is guaranteed. w It may cost you a great deal more to let this offer *»
Lost vitality creeps npon men muirares. Dotiotde- by. Write today. Address,
The Von MoW Co.,493 h 9W XSSSSZtt££?gXL Cincinnati, a
DISASTER COMES
TO SANTA CLAUS
Carl Whitmore Typifies
Him and Receives
Injuries.
Whiskers Catch Afire and
His Face Is Severely
Burned.
Oakland Office San .Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Dec. 28.
Santa Clau», personified by Carl Whit
more, son of Attorney Welles Whitmoro
and a student at the Oakland High
School, was severely burned last night
while amusing a gathering of children at
the family residence, 1215 Jefferson street.
His face and hands were scorched so bad
ly that it i3 feared he will be marked far
life.
Regaled in flowing red robes touched
with snowy cotton, and with a beard that
came down to his knees, Santa Claus was
distributing gifts to the little ones from
the tree in one of the drawing-rooms.
Suddenly an accident caused the merry
makers to utter exclamations of terror.
While Santa Claus was reaching within
the tree his whiskers swept over a light
ed candle and in a moment were convert
ed into a sheet of flame. The fire burst
upward into the face of the young man.
and to escape them he threw himself
prostrate upon the floor. There he rolled
over and over in the frantic effort to blot
out the burning cloth and cotton.
Finding that the fire could not be
crushed out and mad with pain, he then
arose and rushed into another room,
spreading the flames as he hurried along.
He was followed thither by his father,
who caught up a rug as he went and
wrapped it around his suffering son. Soon
the flames were completely smothered.
Miss Helen Lethem while playing about
a Christmas tree at the residence of Dr.
Colestock, at Fleasanton, was severely
burned on the hands last night. Her
dress caught flre from a candle and be
fore the flames could be stamped out she
had received a number of wounds.
CONSTJL BOOTH-TUCKER
WILL HOLD MEETINGS
Salvationists Prepare for a Large
Demonstration in Honor of
Their Leader.
OAKLAND. Dec 23.— Mrs. Booth-
Tucker, consul of the Salvation Army, ar
rived to-day on a special car from Port
land, Or. She is the guest of CoTonel
French at Eighth avenue and East Twen
tieth street.
The consul Is accompanied by Colonel
Ed Hlggins, chief secretary for the United
States; Staff Captain Trumbell, leader of
the staff band of fifteen pieces, which is
with the party; Staff Captain Wright,
secretary for the consul; Captain ilc-
Jvenzie, and a staff of women singers.
The consul, will conduct a meeting to
morrow morning at 11 o'clock at Hamil
ton Hall. Thirteenth and Jefferson streets.
There will be a meeting in the afternoon
at the Macdonough Theater at 3 o'clock
and an evening meeting at the same place
at 8 o'clock. Salvationists have arranged
a number of open-air demonstrations ia
honor of the consul.
On Monday evening the consul will de
liver a lecture at the Alhambra Theater,
San Francisco. This is her first visit to
the coast since last March.
BOXERS BEGIN TO TEAIN
FOB ACME CLUB MATCH
O'Brien and Gibbs Contest Promises
to Be an Interesting Light
weight Affair.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.— Jack O'Brien, the
clever lightweight, who has been matched
against young Gibbs for a fifteen-round
contest at the Acme Club on January 14,
began training to-day at San Rafael. As
a lightweight contest the match is one oC
the best that has been made about tha
bay. O'Brien Is a New Yorker, who has
an almost clean record of victories. His
draw with Erne about a year ago was
a notable ring event.
Young Gibbs, th* Cleveland lad. Is
working at the Acme Club gymnasium in
Oakland. He has already shown to tha
followers of the sport a shifty and handy
style.
The contest Is expected to be as inter
esting as the Hawkins-McFadden event
of a year ago. It Is Ware that men as
evenly matched as O'Brien and Gibbs can.
be brought together. The Acme Club U
making extra preparation for the even
ing.
Plumber Expects Forttuie.
BERKELEY, Dec. 28.— J. W. Delaney. a
local plumber, is one of the five children
of Mrs. Laura G. Delaney, who died re
cently In San Jose, leaving an estate
valued at J1S0.000. Delaney expects to get
some $30,000 out of the estate after the
will Is probated. The property consists
of real estate In San Jose and San Fran
cisco.
Teachers' Certificates Granted.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— The County Board
of Education has taken the following ac
tion regarding teachers' certificates:
High School certificate granted to Mls3
Anna Wilder: grammar grade. Miss
Evelyn Gallagher; recommendations for
grammar grade life diplomas, A. 1*.
Kuhls, Carrie Farrish.
2930
AD v jmTTR K W Y, NTS.
A STRAIGHTFORWARD PROP-
OSITION THAT SHOULD
BE CAREFULLY IN-
VESTIGATED.
Nearly Half the Stock Closed Out
Last Week. Some Very Fine
and Costly Instruments Left.
Also a Vast Assortment of
Good Medium Priced Pianos.
New $559 Styles Now $337,
the $300 Kinds Now $156.
Easy Payments. Open Even*
ings. If Yon Are Coming,
Come To=Monrow.
Many do not understand how it is pos-
dble for us to sell these fine new pianos at
Buch a tremendous reduction in price, but
it is simply this: Before January 1 we
must turn this entlr© -wholesale stock of
pianos into cash or interest bearing notes.
' The question of profit, or even cost, does
not enter into the proposition at alL And
■whe 1 you realize that It costs an ordi-
nary dealer an enormous amount of
money to sell a piano at retail, not to
say anything of the freights and actual
factory cost of the instrument, you will
understand the difference that exists be-
tween the actual wholesale factory cost
und the retail selling price.
Here are the largest size walnut or oak
rased Schirmer upright pianos for $117.
They are considered worth 1250 every-
where. These pianos have three pedals,
revolving lockboard, continuous hinges
and full length music desk; three strings :
throughout.
Then look at these brand new Emerson
and Graxner pianos, for which many of
your friends have paid $3oO, and even $400.
Here during this sale you can get almost
two of these pianos for this money— on <
easy monthly payments, too, if you de-
sire.
The regular JS09 styles, which have
never been told even in tho East for less
than 5275, can now be secured for $137, and
The fancy styles, also having three pedu.'s,
are now offered for $156. 5,'ot necessary
to pay all cash down either. Easy month-
ly payments buy them.
Here are some of the finest brand new
Estey upright pianos, that regularly re-
tail for $425 and upward. Taka choice for
5218 and $247, respectively.
No one in San Francisco will live long
onough to ever aguin seo nurh choice
makes as these new Kimball. Steinway,
Estey, Emerson. Milton, Gramer, Whit-
ney and other line pianos bold within a
hundred and fifty dollars of the prices at
which we are now offering them to retail
buyers. This seems elmply preposterous,
but it is nevertheless true.
l»ok into this before It Is too late.
Don't miss this sale if the saving o*
money is an object.
See these beautiful fancy mahogany,
English oak or mottled walnut rased cab-
inet gTHXid upripht pianos, regular retail
price $550, now $3"J7 und $339. Thirty Co> I
lars down and 512 a month buys them.
And these fancy, genuine, English mot- j
tied walnut, regular $50'J styles, for $287.
Pay $2j down and ?10 a month if you like.
All these pianos are new. All are fully
gruaranteed, and any piano sold at this 1
sale that is found not exactly as repre-
sented after delivery can be retained by
the recipient as a present, without pay-
ing tiuother dollar on the contract, or the
piano can be returned and money refund-
ed if desired. Bear this in mind. Every-
thing shall be found here open and above |
board and as represented or no sale. '
Remember the street and number. Eil- I
ers Piano Company's wholesale ware- •
rooms, in the Bishop building. 645 Market
Etreet, near Kearny. Take elevator.
TWO BABI5S BUTCHERED.
A Couple of Beauties Delayed in
Transit.
In some manner a number of fine new
pianos were delayed in transit, among
them several very nice new Steinway up-
ricrht pianos, in mahogany and ebonlzed
oases, and also two of the celebrated
Steinway baby grand?, and all of these I
instruments will be closed out at tremen- !
aous reductions from the regular retail !
j>riees during the elosing out sale of Eil- j
ers Piano Company's wholesale stock just '
M , s I 0 . 01 !, as l they corae in - Thev will un-
doubtedly be here Monday morning Tues- !
ciay at the latest, and if there is room in
your home for one of the choicest, pret-
tx-st and daintiest baby grand pianos ever I
made you will find here the exact instru- j
inents at a saving in price that will sim-
ply astonish you.
These pianos are listed at twelve hun- !
dred and twenty-five dollars, and in order i
to make It an object for the first man !
who sees it to purchase the baby we will, i
wo had almost said, cut the price in two j
—but we'll take that back— but we will !
come so close to that figure that we I
might as well put it that way.
See these beautiful instruments and re-
member that we'll not split hairs about
the terms of payment -with any responsi-
ble buyer. Eilers Piano Company's sac-
rifice eale In the Bishop building. 645 Mar-
ket street. Take elevator. Store open
evenings till sale closes.
A SQUARE SXAP.
An Elegant Piano Can Be Bought
Now for Ten Cents a Day.
In order to dispose ©f a. very beautiful
mottled mahogany case Kimball upright
piano yesterday we had to agree with J
the purchaser to dispose of his elegant
rosewood cased square piano, full size
overstrung bass, carved legs and round
< orners. Just the thins tor practice work
and fit to grace any parlor where the
economizing of room ig not essential.
First one to eee It Monday will take >t
for $67. Pay $7 down and $3 a month if
you like, at Eilers Piano Company's eacri-
Ocm sale 645 Market street, near Kearny
in the Bishop building. Take elevator
Etcre open evenings till sale closes.
HURRY UP.
Don't fall to attend to that piano pur-
chase to-morrow, or to-morrow evening
for if you do you will have failed to look
after your own Interests and will havo
lost the grandest opportunity of your life
to secure a fine piano for little money.
Just as well save all middlemen's and
retailers' profits by 6tepplng into our clos-
ing out sale at 645 Market street in the
Biebop building (take elevator), and se-
lect a fine Kimball or other high grade
make at $10 or $12 a month.
You can buy the best pianos here to-
morrow for less money than dealers ordi-
narily pay for them. We simply want to
turn this wholesale stock Into money or
good interest bearing paper. We don't
ask to make a profit; simply wish to make
a turn, and you can save from a hundred
and fifty to two hundred dollarg now m
Kecuringr a piano here. Eilers Piano Com- |
pany. Remember the number, 645 Market I
street, near Kearny. Take elevator. I
SOCIETY EVENTS OF THE WEEK
HRISTMAS week 'has been one
/f\"J of home parties and home dln
// 1 ners. Nearly every family had
III a Christmas tree laden with
\\j»*/ presents for their own and the
' friends who were invited to
share in the festivities. The
"child party" given by Mr. and Mrs. Wal
lace Irwin was the most unique affair, the
costumes following out the most original
Idea. The Presidio hop and Les Bon
Amis cotillon were the largest attended
functions of the week. There were two
small luncheons and many more dinners.
Allen Wallace's elaborate dinner at the
Bohemian Club in honor of Emlle
Bruguiere was a great success. Miss
Louise Howland of Sausalito and Miss
Charlotte Elllnwood gave small informal
teas.
The coming week bids fair to be a busy
one.
They Are Engaged.
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Miss Emma Walter to Fred
Schulze, both of Oakland, Cal.
Mrs. Mathilde Wismer announces the
engagement of her daughter Helen to
Emil I. Zimmer. Mr. Zimmer is auditor
of the telephone company, San Fran
cisco.
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Lapldaire of 1047
McAllister street announce the engage
ment of their daughter Gertie to Louis M.
Getz, son of Mr. and Mrs. Max <3etz.
They will receive Sunday, January 26,
11*02, from 2to 5 p. m.
The engagement reception of Miss An
nie Kallmann and Sol. Pincus will take
Place at the residence of Mrs. C. Kall
mann, 2030^1 Steiner street, Sunday, Jan
uary 5, from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry London announce
the engagement reception of their daugh
ter Leonore to Herman Lindner Sunday
afternoon, January 6, from 2 to 5.
Miss Edna. Blum and Leo 8. Schwa
bacher will be quietly married on January
1 at the home of the bride's brother, 1243
Franklin street .
The engagement has been announced of
Birdie E. Usher, daughter of A. Fisher,
to Max Schiller of this city. Friends will
be received on Sunday, January 6, liOJ,
from 2 till 5. at 946 McAllister street.
There'was quite a surpriso in store for
the friends of Miss Lolita Mae Wilson
when her engagement to K. L. Drake was
announced. She is quite popular, espe
cially in Oregon, where her father was
engaged In Government engineering. Mr.
Drake, who has been going to sea for sev
eral years, was with Dewey before Ma
nila.
Miss Hattie Lewis and Major I. B.
Cook will be married Wednesday evening,
January 8, 1902. The wedding will take
place at the residence of the bride, 639
llaight street, and will be strictly a fam
ily affair.
Invitations have been issued for the
weddina of Miss Ernestine Cassel to Jo
seph KJa(ren on January 5, 1&02. On ac
count of the recent death of Mr, lira
gen's mother It will be a strictly family
affair.
A telegram announcing the engagement
of Mi8g Blanche Morris, daughter of Mrs,
F. Morris, to Jack Jacobs, a prominent
New York manufacturer, has been re
ceived from that city, where Mrs. and
Misa Morris aro visiting, residing at th«
Manhattan Hotel,
The marriage of Miss Nellie Olender to
David Frank will take place January 12
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. Stein,
123« Golden Gat* avenue, near Fllmore
The enROfffljnent of Miss Bertha Mario
Kley to G. Albert Dahlke was announced
at a dinner given on Christmas day at
the residence of her parents, Mr, and
Mm, Christian Kley, 1354 Tenth street,
Oakland. Miss Bertha made her debut
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And All Other twalal blemlehei aro removed by
pit, und MK8, A. W. TRA.VERSH, Penohoo
h-Milr.it, 1170 Markut street, oor, Taylor, room*
Si-tt, with the «lAotrio neadje without pain or
near; cenccnoncy guaranteed; hours l to 4 u.m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1001.
last September, being her elghteentn
birthday. She is one of our beautiful na
tive daughters and an accomplished mu
sician. Mr. Dahlke Is a popular young
business man of Oakland. At present he
is the general manager of the Klingber
ger Grocery Company.
They Are Married.
A very pretty wedding took place
Christmas clay at the home of the bride's
parents, 2614 Larkin street, the contract-
Ing parties being Nathaniel G. Symonds
of Los Gatos and Miss A. Irene Millberry.
The groom is a graduate of Stanford Uni
versity in the electrical engineering
course, class of 1900, and is the son of the
late Colonel H. C. aymonda and Mrs. Sy
monds of Los Gatos. Colonel Symonds
graduated from "West Point In the same
class as General Sheridan and was a col
onel in the commissary department dur
ing the Civil War and later conducted a
preparatory school for West Point. The
brid« Is the second daughter of Mr, and
Mrs. F. S. Millberry of this city. A
brother, Dr. Guy S. Millberry,. gave away
the bride, anrt Harry A. Lucas of Stan
ford acted as best man. Rev. Bradford
Leavltt of the First Unitarian Church of
ficiated. The handsome young couple left
for L03 Angeles on their honeymoon and
later will live in New York City, where
the groom has a position with a large
electrical construction company.
A very pretty home wedding took place
Wednesday evening, December 25, at tho
residence of Mrs. Minnie Kornmayer, 323
Twenty-eighth street, when her daughter,
Charlotte, was married to Elton Nunn of
Great Falls, Mont. The parlors and din
ing room were decorated with holly
berries and ferns for the occasion. The
knot was tied by the Rev. J. Fuendellng
of St. Mark's Church and was witnessed
by a number of friends of the family.
After the ceremony an elaborate weddins
supper was served In the spacious sup
per room, which was also decorated with
berries and ferns. Many toasts were
given to the bride and groom, Charles
Wagner being toastmaster. The bride
was attired in a beautiful gown of white
organdie covered with lace and ribbon.
She carried a bouquet of Bride roses. In
her hair was a spray of orange blossoms.
Miss Hattle Kornmayer, sister of the
.bride, was maid of honor. Her gown was
pink organdie and ribbon. Miss Eva Kon
rad, uh bridesmaid, was attired in nile
green orgnndie. Both maid of honor and
bridesmaid carried bouquets of pink roses.
Anthony Kornmayer, . brother of the
bride, was best man and William Ham
mer acted as groomsman. Mr. and Mrs.
Kltnn Nunn left Friday morning on their
bridal tour to Washington, where they
will visit the groom's mother, thence to
Montana, where they will make their fu
ture home.
On Christmas ove, at 014 Powell street.
Miss Alicia A. Knox and Daniel P. Nu
nan were united In marriage by the Rev,
H. H. Wyman of St. Mary's Paulist
Church. The bride, who wore a beauti
ful dress of white chiffon and nun's veil
ing, was attended by Misa Mary A, Nu
nan. Tho best man was Matthew C, Nu
nan. Both Mr, and Mrs, Nunan are well
knewn in this olty, he being a past presi
dent of National Parlor No. US, N. S. G.
W., and she is a member of Calaveras
Parlor, N. D. G. W.
The groom is the youngest son of the
late Timothy Nunan and ia employed by
the Legallet-Hellwig Tanning Company,
401 Front street, The home was prettily
decorated with flewera, red berries and
American flags, Cellarlus' Orchestra, sent
by the National Parlor, furnished the mu
k>io for the occasion. Among those pres
ent were; Mr, and. Mrs, Daniel F, Nu
nan, Mr, and Mrs, Frad Lange, Miss Del
ete Lange. Mrs, H, h. Pierce, Miaa Nellie
pierce, Thomas W. Nunan, Matthew -C,
Nunan, Timethv Nunan Jr., Edward I.
Nunan, William H, Nunan, Margaret A
Nunan and Mary A, Nunan,
Club Parties,
The Los Amlgos Club gave ita third
cotillon this season at Golden Gate Hall
on ti.t- evening of Saturday, December 2L
The hail waa decorated with Christmas
trees and holly berries. One hundred and
twenty couples were present, , Robert
Martlnnd acted aa floor manager, Among
TWO SOCIETY TOTJNG WOMEN
WHO LEAD THE DANCE AT LES
BONS AMIS COTILLON.
those present were: B. M. Jones, I*. E.
de Lano, J, L. Frlsbee, Alan W. Maginis,
G. G. Frlsbee. F. D. Hall, E. L. Gurney,
H. L. Van Kirk, J. Baptista, L. H. Stew
art. Earl Earhart, V. J. LaMotte, Dr. J.
C. Perry, R. C. Blake, Earl Merguire. Gus
Soher, G. G. Sanchez, P. I>. Peters, M. G.
Owen, J. L. Martin, Miss E. Spooner, Miss
de Lano, Miss Lou Buck, Miss Bessie
Harvie, Mrs. G. G. Frisbee, Miss Mayme
Carroll, Miss Louise Van Kirk, Miss Lil
lian Eastwood. Miss T,. Simpkins. Miss E.
A. Dillon, Miss Olgra Hunsaker, Miss
Edyth Pollard, Miss Lela Graf, Miss Gus
sle Stolz, Miss Kate Ralston. Miss Bessie
Holmes, Miss M. Fitzpatrick, Miss E.
Halleron, Miss Daisy Conroy and Miss
Mitchell.
Les Bon Amis Dancing Club gave Its
second cotillon Friday evening, December
27, at Golden Gate Hall. The hall was
decorated in a most elaborate manner and
the 200 guests were faultlessly attired.
Miss Laura Werner and Miss Martha Lee
were leaders in the first set. The ball
was a decided success.
Home Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Selling's banquet
Christmas day at the Russ House, com
plimentary to their nephew, H. J. Clinch,
a late arrival from New York, was a suc
cess in every respect. Everything was
perfectly arranged. The table was hand
somely decorated with the choicest holly
and berries. Mr. and Mrs. Silling' s guests
were Harry J. Clinch, Rennie Schmitz,
Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Schmitz-, Miss Minerva
D. Roemer, Robert O'Connor, Miss Ellen
Adams and F. Kennedy.
Miss Bertha Gordan was guest of honor
at a party given by her sister, Miss Re
becca Gordan, at their home, 1649 Post
street, Sunday evening, December 22. Tho
guests were entertained with games and
music. Supper was served in the dining
room, which was decorated for the occa
sion. The guests were: The Misses Be
becca and Bertha Gordan, Miss Flora
Harris, Miss Sarah Basch, Miss Carrie
Friedman, Miss Rose Harris, .Miss Mae
Barnett, Miss Fannie Crown, Miss Clara
Willner, Miss Nettie Fass, Miss Beatrice
Barnett. Miss Carrie Olinsky, Robert Ab
rams, Jerome Friedberg, Maurice Speer,
Max Bernstein, Nathan Olinsky, Louis
Basch, Abe Baum, Harry Lesser, J. Pel
man, Mr. and Mrs. J. Lazarus, Rev. and
Mrs. Willner, Mrs. S. Gordan, Mr. and
Mrs. Friedman, Mrs. Basch. Mr. and Mrs.
Gordan, Mrs. N. Lertes and Mrs. H. La
ser. . -
Miss Aimee Ettinger entertained at her
home, 1917 Sutter street, on December 22,
a number of her friends, among whom
v/ere the Misses Claire Kaufman, Fran
cine VIdeau, Inez Faucompre, Rita New
man, Helen Lang, Carmelita Hollis,
Louise Levy, Ray Spiro, Amy and May
Barry. Lucile Aaronson and Marion Hess.
Master Miles Searey entertained a party
of his juvenile companions Christmas
night at the residence of his parents, Mr.
and Mrs. T. M. Searey, of 1512 Mission
street. Emily Rodgera entertained with
a cakewalk and Josephine Muller a piano
solo. After refreshments they were vis
ited by Santa Claus, who gave presents
to all the" little ones. Tho guests were:
Leonora Andrews, Hattie Hutchinson,
Minnie Hutchinson. Hattie Pfluger, Em
ily Rodgers, Lizzie Doernbach, Henry
Doernbach, George Doernbach, Josephine
Muller. Elinoro Mullrr, Ethel Muller,
Alice Woodbury. Morton Leterus. James
Button, Harry Rodgers, Fred Button and
George Muller.
Ona of the prettiest Christmas parties
of the winter season was given by Mrs.
Rosa Leszynsky, of 1538 Octavia street.
In honor of her daughters, the Misses
Leszynsky, The parlors, sitting-room and
supper-room were a bower of red berries
and red lights, A special feature of the
evening was a Japanese tableau, intro
duced by the Miss Kahn, Goldstone, R*s
enbaum, Cohn and Leszynsky. Supper
wa« served at midnight and dancing con
tinued until the morning hours.
A delightful party was given *by tho
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE ANY DISEASE.
The Cause Must Be Removed — Same
Way With Dandruff.
Kill the germ that causes dandruff, fall-
Ing hair and baldness, you will .have no
more dandruff, and your hair must grow
luxuriantly. , Herplolde not only contains
the dandruff germ destroyer, but it Is
also a most delightful hair dressing? fop
regular toilet use, No other hair prepara-
tion Js on this scientific baeis of destroy.
Ing the dandruff germ than Newbro'a,
Misses limes erf BECT Clay street Thurs
day evening in honor of th«ftrfcoustiiv Miss
Rita Weinmann. . Th« parlors wettt dec
orated in evergre«ns ana red" berries. Mis
tletoe hung from the Vs&smdeliers in hall
and parlors. Music and sames were the
features of the evening. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Jam*s Ellson, Mr.
and Mrs. Forrest Wyman, Miss Kasten,
Miss Ellson,. Miss Glllespie, Miss Buxon,
Miss Crocket, Miss Weinmann, Miss In
nea, Messrs. Smith. Falls, Crowd, Hunt,
Eckenroth, Gunn, Craig, Rivas, Gleason,
Philip Weinmann and Percy Innes.
A most enjoyable ChriBtmas tree party
was tendered on the evening of the 27th
Inst. by little Miss Fannie Carroll at her
home on Seventh stroct to a number of
her playmates. Those who took part in
the entertainment were'. Miss Gertie Bax
ter, Miss Elvira Harvey, Miss Lillian
Riener, Miss Ethel Barnett, Miss Carrie
Gilroy and Miss Mae Dethelson.
On Christmas evo Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Nuttall surprised their three-year-'
old daughter Mildred with her first Christ
mas tree. After the distribution of gifts
from off the tree the evening was spent
with Instrumental and vocal selections^
Among those present were: Mrs, 0, J*
Olive of Nevada City, Miss Olive Nuttall,
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Nuttall, Mrs. R. Hall,
F. Foy, Miss Carter, Mr. and MM). J. C.
Carter, Miss Mildred Nuttall and Mr. and
Mrs. William Nuttall.
On Christmas morning Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Nuttall surprised their daughter
Olive with a Christmas tree. Her gift*
were many. Among those present werei
Miss Sara Carter, Mr. and Mrs. William
Nuttall, Mildred Nuttall, Mrd. R. Hall»
Mrs. S. 3. Olive of Nevada City, Mrd, $.
C. Carter, Olive Nuttall and Mr. and &Irs>
Fred Nuttall.
Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Irwln gave a de
lightful "child party" Friday evening at
their home, 1019 Vallejo street. Therd
vrere twenty-five guest9 present and most
of them were artists. By request the
guests were dressed like children of all
ages, and there was much* merriment
over the costumes. The house was deco
rated with Christmas berries and foliage.
The guests were! Mr. and Mrs. E. D.
Taylor, Mr. and Mra^ Arthur Putnam,
Mrs. W. H. Irwin, WRss Pierce, Gelett
Burgess, Porter Garnet, Charles Field,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Holmes', Miss Harnden,
Miss Edith Coxhead. Miss 1 Anna Strun-
Bky, Miss Sarah Comstock, Ollvei 1 P»
Morton, Rea Irvln, Theodore Keen, Leslie
Hunter, Stanley Armstrong, Miss Helen
Hyde, Miss Daisy Hyde, Gua Bixler, Mrs.
Elizabeth Strong ana W. J. Weymouth.
Sailed Away.
The following named sailed on the
steamship Sonoma of the Oceania Una
December 26 for Honolulu, Pago Pago,
Auckland and Sydney J ¥, M< Brooks,
Mrs. Brooks, A. Carro, Mrs. il, H,
Charles, 8. Drake, O. C. ElklnS, Ogden
H. Fethers, Mrs. Fethers, Mrs, A, M.
Fine, L. F. Grant, Miss K. M. Graydon,
Mrs. A. Hayward, P. Hoffman, H. W<
Holllng, H. T. James, P. M. Lansdale, 3.
Levy, C. H. Lynnbury. Mrs. Lynnbury,
H. McArthur, Mrs. E. Mehrten and child,
J. D. Mehrten, J. C. Penny, B, Rosen
berg, C. W. Seaward, Miss 8. Smith,
Miss U. Smith, G. P. Smyth, Miss M.
Smyth, J. Smyth, A. G. Stoll, J. L. Tor
bert^G. J. Waller. C. D. Warren, Mrs. H.
G. Tripp, Miss May Williamson, Mrs. F.
E. Baume, Dr. J. W. Horner, J. P.
Knight, Mrs. Knight, D. P. Mitchell, 1
A. G. Baylis, P. P. Borne, P. R. Bradley,
J. R. Bullough. George M. Colorcaresses,
E. A. Croninshleld, 3. R. Dalley, Gor
don Fellows, C. C. Garrison, A. C. Gil
lam, Mrs. GUlam, R. J. Leckle, Miss K.
Lobbett, E^Luft, Rev. James Mahoney,
G. S. McLiesh Mrs. McLiesh and child,
Miss G. McLfesh, E. T. Miles, S. H* !
Reichbach, Mrs. Reichbach and maid,
Miss Daisy Reichbach, Master F. Reich
bach, A. C. Reid, Miss E. F. Sheppard,
Miss P. Silver, J. Wilcox. J. W. Fuller,
A. H. P. Stonehazn, Mrs. Stoneham, Mrs.
McArthur.
Personals.
Captain ,and Mrs. C. J. Bailey arrived
In this city on Tuesday evening and will
be the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Henry L.
Dodge of 2015 Franklin street for a tew
weeks.
; Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Mendelson. of Port
land are here for the winter as the guests
of Mrs. Morris Falk.
Mrs. Laura Gashwiler and son have
taken rooms at Lenox for the winter.
Madame Gesnet and daughter and
Percy Town and mother are among those
registered at thp Hotel Lenox.
Miss Ada B. : Cohen and Miss Gertrude
Harris will be at home January 1 from 2
to 5 at 1023 Buchanan street.
Mrs. A. Goodman and daughter Leona
have left tho city for a two weeks' so
journ at Folsom, tho guests of Warden
and Mi?s Wilkinson.
Mrs. H. E. Lathrop and daughter have
taken apartments- at the Baltimore for
the winter. Mrs. LathroD is the widow
of the late Dr. Lathrop of Oakland
Dr. George M. Chase and Count Max
von Meyer are sojourning in the north.
Colonel Max Mayfield of Boise, Idaho
Is in the city, spending tho holidays with
r^ P Eddv tS st?ee r i. and A ' Mayfield ° f
Mrs. Clarence Stern of San Diego is
vising her parents. Mr. and Mrs. B
Wacholder of 1641 O'Farrell street, and
will be pleased to see her friends.
Mrs. S. Wagner, formerly of 1451 Mc-
Allister street, has changed her residence
to 511 Clayton street.
Robert T. McKee has returned to San
Francisco after two years' absence in
Kurope. He is stopping at the Cumber-
Mr. and Mrs. J. Hellfron will be pleased
to see their friends at their residence, 583
Fell street on Sunday, January 5. from
2 to 5 o'clock, in honor of their tenth
wedding anniversary. wnin
o < H *T va T r T d E - J acote, press representative
at the Herald Square Theater, New York
went East on the 24th inst.. having been
in San Francsco for the past few months
Rupert Ferguson will return to Manila
Soldiers Kept in Prison.
Chief Wittman had a consultation with
Colonel Rawles at the Presidio Friday
night with reference to the disposition of
the thirteen rioting soldiers convicted by
Judge Conlan on the charge of disturbing
the peace. It was decided to keep them
in prison till January 1, when they will
be taken from there and put on board of
a transport for Manila. When the cases
were called In court yesterday the Judge*
in view of that arrangement, continued
them for a week.
Sues to Have Transfer Recorded
William H. Jordan is suing the Sunset
Mining Company to compel it to make a
record on its books of a transfer made to
him by Anton Van Sons of forty shares
of stock In the company. He claims that
,n^ h . 4 th ° Stock from Van s <>ns on
the 20th inst., and that no record of the
transfer has been made by the company
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
San Francisco's Scientific Dermatologists
In San Francisco, at the parlors of the
New York Institute of Dermatology a
woman is on exhibition with the wrinkles
removed from one side of her face and
left on the other side as a sample to
show what their remedy will do. '
It permanently • eradicates the verv
worst cases of deep wrinkles when all
other remedies fail. It makes women of
CO look 25. You are invited to call . and
see her— seeing Is believing. . . "
By a simple painless operation Dr Ben-
jamin L. Fowler, our surgeon from Ncv
York, specially trained and experienced in
this work, corrects ill-shaped nosea out
standing ears, double chin, flabby throat
sagging cheeks, drooping mouth, pufr v *
baggy eyelids, positively without pain or
bcarring, and rerrfoves all marks and
blemishes from tho skin by the latest
scientific methods. A lady ia In reception
at the parlors to explain methods to
callers. Consultation In person or by let-
ter is free and strictly confidential. Call
or address N, Y, Institute of Dermatol-
ogy. Columbian building, 918 Market et
(opposite Emporium^ . gan Francisco'
Take elevator to fifth floor.
'•-«■■' I -
NEWMAK & LEVniSON^^^^^^^^^
I'Tvp*' QP •
* To-morrow
The following Special Vahies
Imported Wash Silks
High grade, rich and attractive WASH SILKS in entirely
newitylls for 1902 have just arrived, in exqu site designs, in a
Seautiual selection of corded effects-comprising the greatest
range J Sp ever shown in California-There are new
ideas—exclusive designs — in checks and stnpes also some
rfandsomf Kin strfpe effects, suitable for! ladies' >vaists,
kfmonas and house gowns-and for children's dresses-On sale
Monday.'
Ladie/ Wafting, SKfrtS'
(latest Style)
Made of extra quality douWe j^he^(^ mrtertaVJii
seven gored flare style, arid handsomely stitrfied at the bottoto
— COtnfs in navy blue, rkettily striped in neat narrow ,gre«n
dnd brown stripes/ and" Oxford" with narrow green ancr garnet-
stflptfsv
Ladle/ &ft Petfkoat* '
((fertrtt-
Spanish- Flounce taffefar^lt-K &RJ#fS— -made in. the- latest
flarf cut— Fit and har^ perfectly — Flounce handsomely
trimmed With 4ccordi6n pieaftrig and finished with pretty silk
?uchUig— colors 1 ate' fciacky Rose/ Nayy' Blue,- Heliotrope
atid Red:
Spedaf ptlce Sfi.OO each'
Special Drapery Values
Draperies for Bed ftai^higs ; purtains, Lounge and Box
Covering, etc.— krth^red from the largest drapery rnills —
Materials rerrrarkaTjle tor their fineness and cheapness — it will
pay you to inspect every item, rot you will be sure to purchase.
tREtpNNES — 16 inches HUNGARIAN CLOTHS— 36
\Vide. fn fight grounds, with inches wide, in Oriental and
tretty eombmafibn stripes and Bagdad stripes, both sides
figures; alf Colors; inchidmg alike — come in some of the
t)erft Bhie— 15c a yard. choicest of colorings — 25c a
yard.
ART TICKINGS-J6 inches ENGLISH CRETONNES -
wide, Jn small neai- figures .5 inche? wide> rev ersable and
ISnr, ' T^Xh 501116 absolutely fast colors, in ex-
colors-25c a yard: quisJte c^ lorings _ 20c > a yard .
TAFFETA DRAPERIES— 56 SILKOLlNES — 36 inches
inches wide — A late produc- wide, in choice figured de-
tion, comes in Tan ground and signs, in a great range of
tolorep flowers with rteav^ colors including the popular
linen finish — 50 a yard: . Delft Blue — I2}4c a yard;
Mail Orders receive prompt attention.
Samples mailed free for the asking.
= 5 =| Kearny and Sutter Streets f—
ORDERS SEA CAPTAIN'S
FINE TO BE EEMITTED
Master Corkhill Will Expend Four
Hundred Dollars He Saved for
Bridal Trousseau.
The gallantry of Captain J. D. Cork
hill toward his lady love has been recog
nized by .the Treasury Department and
he will not have to pay the 5400 fine im
posed on him by Customs Collector Strat
ton for a recent breach of the shipping
laws.
Captain Corkhill is master of the Brit
ish ship Sierra Blanca, and became .en
amored of a fair American widow in~the
dreamy sunshine of Coronado Beach.
They were engaged ami the captain took
the widow and her daughter with him on
his ship from San Diego to San Fran
cisco as his guests. The shipping laws
do not recognize "guests" on board ship,
and the captain was fined $200 for each
person brought from one domestic port
to another on a foreign vessel. Collector
Stratton notified the Secretary of the
Treasury of the fine and made a state
ment of the fact, at the same time mak
ing a strong plea for mercy.
The $400 saved will be expended In a
bridal trousseau.
"Woodcraft.
The officers of Moss Rose Camp of the
Woodmen of the World were Installed in
public at Modesto . by Organizer R. P.
"Wells on the night of the 21st inst. This
camp was organized but two months ago
with twelve members and now has thirty
three. Eight applications for membership
have been presented. During the evening
thero was an address of welcome by the
Rev. Dr. Thomas and a response by the
•Installing officer. After the ceremony
there was an adjournment to a banquet
hall, where an excellent supper was
served by the lady relatives and friends
of we members of the camp.
On the night of the 20th inst. California
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft gave
a social in the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building, which was attended
by a large numbers of (the Neighbors of
Woodcraft. The only feature aside from
the well-arranged programme of dances
was an Interesting talk on Woodcraft by
E. My.ron Wolf. The affair was under
the direction of Mesdamea Ross, Baltic
Oliver, Crocker and Haynea. *
Fraternal Brotherhood.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood at Its last held meeting add
ed four to its membership by initiation.
The officers-elect of this lodge will be in
stalled in the lodgeroom. Native Sons*
building, on the 3d of January.
On the 12th of February there will be a
general convention of the Iodge3 of
Northern California In this city for the
purpose of electing delegates to Supreme
Lodge, which will convene in Los Anirelei
on the 16th of March. The delegates to
that convention will be the representative
of about ten thousand members that now
hold membership in tho different lodges.
Highbinder Sentenced.
Wong Chee, a highbinder, who wa a ar
rested by Policeman Tlllman of the Chi
natown squad Wednesday night with a
big revolver concealed In his blouse was
convicted by Judge Cabaniss yesterdiv
on tho charge of carrying a concealed
weapon. He was sentenced to serve thr-o
months in the County Jail. e inreo
No Charge for Gold
Lettering on Pocketbooks, Cameras Trav
ellng Sets, Valises, Dress Suit Can'*. «~*
other fine leather goods purchased at our
etore. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. m Market. •
JUDGE SLOSS REFUSES
TO APPOINT BECEIVEB
Efforts of Mrs. Jenner to Get Prop
erty of B. S. J. F. <yueil Mur
phy Receive Setback.
Judge Slossi yesterday denied the appli
cation of Nora IT. G. Jenner, former wife
of Bertram S. J. P. O'Neil Murphy, for
the appointment of a receiver to take
charge of the property of her first spouse.
Judge Slosa also refused to grant an In
junction restraining Daniel T. Murphy,
a brother of the defendant, who la sup
posed to be in possession of Bertram
Murphy's vast estate, from disposing of
the property. Judge SIoss also overruled
a demurrer to the complaint filed by the
defendants. The case will now come up
for trial In the near future.
Mrs. Jenner secured a divorce from
Murphy some years ago in London. She
was awarded alimony, but it was never
paid by Murphy. She brought suit for
the amount due her and got judgment in
the English courts. The judgment was
sent to the courts in this city, where
Murphy is supposed to have large pos
sessions, and another suit was !iled.
The proceedings of yesterday are a few
of the many moves made by Mrs. Jetmer
to secure alimony long due her from her
former husband.
American Companions.
Grand Sub Chief Companion Mrs. He
lena Worms Is visiting the circles in
Marysville, Oroville, Chico. Grafton and
Sacramento. On the occasion of the ora
cial visit to Martha Ts ftshington Circle
recently the grand sub chief, who is the
deputy for the circle, was presented a
very handsome leather sofa pillow with
figures on it In pyrograph. This in recog
nition of the earnest efforts she has put
forth In behalf of the circle.
New Century Circle on the night of tho
23d inst. had a Christmas eve meeting
which proved to be a very pleasant one.
During the evening the circle presented
to Mrs. Emma Harrington, the deputy for
the circle, a beautiful, fire gilt clock as a
Christmas remembrance of the good feel
ing of the membership. The presentation
speech on behalf of the members was by
Mrs-. L. H. Lemme, who, with Mesdamei
Zelsing, Drendell and Beverson, were on
the committee that provided entertain
ment for the evening.
Golden Era Circle has decided to return
to the Alcazar.- There will be a hous-i
warming on the night of the 3d of Janu
ary in the new quarters.
Royal Arcanum.
The United Councils of San Francisco
of the Royal Arcanum, namely Argonaut,
Golden "West. Buena Vista and San Fran
cisco, will give a Christmas tree party to
the young folks of the Arcanum families
on the evening of the 30th inst. in the
banquet room of the Pioneer building on
which occasion there -will be the distribu
t\?.1? J or s H ndry gifts to the children. Each
child will be given a reminder of tha
event. Tho entertainment will be entirely
by the children except two features. «na
of which will be- a stereoptlcon. exhibition
and the other a surprise. The following
named compose the commute of arrange
ments: M, S. de Roco, chairman, George
W Dtxon, Fred Head, Argonaut Coun-
£ U £' S' y- glnkelsplel. G. H. Bartlett.
H D Hutt, Golden West Council; J,
Charles Weber. A. O. Greenfield, V V
N. Bay. Buena Vista Council; A. T| Mer
rill, Harry R. Stone, G. H. Terr7. San
Francisco Council,
Drayman Sued for Damages.
William J. Fitzgerald filed a *utt fo-
SIO.COO damages against Andrew Cassldy
a drayman, yesterday. Fitzgerafc claims
ho was damaged to that extent fey behiff
run over on Third street by a Mrlver ol
one ot Cassldy's drays named HcKaaeU.I Dry Goods -lljljfi Gompany,
I Monday, December 30th, j
Si WE WILL INAUGURATE OUR SEMI-ANNUAL «
% if>i % • *%. 1
| LINEN DEPARTMENT.
|| Remnents of Table Linens \ Damask Cloths, hemstitched j
| Odd Napkins in half dozens and ) Tray, Carver and Tea Cloths |
| dozens ) Damask and Huckaback Towels I
I Table Cloths (no napkins to \ Remnants of Glass Linens, \
I match) j Crashes, etc. |
I AT PRICES TO EFFECT A SPEEDY CLEARANCE.
I Manufacturers' Samples Fine Table Cloths with= I
I out Napkins fully * 3 Off Regular Values.
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
8 SE. Comer Geary and StocVton Streets, Union Square. «
» MaiI and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention. . »
3>ruidism.
The visit of Noble Grand Arch Julius
S. Godeau to Laurel Grove on the night
of the 20th inst. was a very interesting
and pleasant one. That official was ac
companied by Grand Secretary James
~ Frank Martinoni, Grand Treasurer F. J.
Horn, A. M. Armstrong, president of the
Past Arch Association, and a a good rep
resentation of that organization. The
presiding- officer was Koble Arch J. Ku
elch, who accorded the grand officers the
honor due their rank in the order. In the
presence of a large membership two
.strangers were initiated by L A. Wolff
acting as noble arch, A. Wolff as vice
arch and Joseph Wolff as conductor.
After the close of the ceremony
and the business of the official
visit the members and visitors
repaired to the dining- saloon of
A. Delnaonte, a member of Galileo Grove,
■vvho served an excellent Italian supper.
After the good things had been disposed
of Past Arch L. A. Wolff, acting as toast
master, called upon the following named
for responses to sentiments. Noble Arch
J. S. Godeau, Grand Secretary J. F. Mar
tinoci. President A. 3i- Armstrong, Past
Arches James Hagan, M. J. Bowers, 3L
Hernan and D. Baumann.
McKinley Grove at its meeting on the
night of the 20th admitted three by initi
ation and conferred the third degree in
g-ood form upon a. class of eighteen. The
baby grove is advancing rapidly and bids
fair to become the banner grove as to the
solemnity of conferring the degrees, the
manner of transacting business and a
strict compliance with the ritual of the
order.
The Eame night Xorma Grove .initiated
two strangers and made Druids * of two
clisibles.
Glympia Grove at its last held meeting
worked by the rule of four, initiating
four candidates and receiving four peti
tions.
The noble jyrand arch and the grand
secretary will visit Gilroy Grove on the
3d of January, on which occasion there
will be a special meeting to enable them
to initiate fifteen strangers.
H. H. Harmon, district deputy for Hay
wards, called on Grand Secretary Marti
noni last Wednesday and stated Xhat Hay
wards Grove is working quietly but effec
tively to secure one of the prizes offered
by Noble Grand Arch Godeau. At the
last held meeting- four petitions were re
ceived and one stranger was created an
ovate.
Fraternal Elections.
San Francisco Council of the National
"L'nion has elected the following- named as
Its officers for the ensuing term: V. J.
Lindquist, president (re-elected); John A.
Hoes, vice president; Dr. A. H. Millberry,
speaker; E. EL Hiiis, secretary; C. H.
Elirm, financial secretary and treasurer;
James B. Murray, chaplain; E. B. Mur
phy, usher; Charles Ozias, doorkeeper; C.
J. Witzel, sergeant at arms; Henry Galla
gher. F. L. Wooster and J. C. Currier,
trustees: John A. Ross. E. B. Murphy and
E. II. Wills, delegates to the San Fraii
clsco Cabinet.
Sherwood Circle of the Companions of
the Forest has elected the following
named officers for the ensuing term: Miss
Anna. Lay, -worthy chief companion; Miss
Tillle Me'vers, sub chief companion; Mrs.
E. Ferguson, treasurer; Mrs. Kate M.
Howard, financial secretary; Mrs. Mollie
Dakin, recording secretary; Mrs. May A.
O'Brien, right guide: Mrs. M. Elechers,
left guide: Mrs. Esther Connolly Dunn,
inner guard; Miss K. Bridgewood. outer
guard; Dr. Wilcox, physician; Mrs. von
Llnderman. pianist.
Mohfcan Tribe, Improved Order of Red
Men, has elected A. H. Hallett, sachem;
H. F. Griffith, senior sagamore: Joseph
Boog, junior fapatnore; Stephen Reynolds,^
prophet; H. J. Lambert, chief of records;
J J. Meyer, keeper of wampum; H. C.
Holmes, M. Steincr and N. Nolan, trus-
Verba Buena Parlor has elected: F. C.
Jaeger, president: Con. Roman, A. W. Till
and A. F. Hardenburg, vice presidents;
F. C. Kenny, recording secretary; L. J.
Hubert, treasurer; H. Komad, marshal;
W. S. O'Brien, trustee, and Dr. A. A.
Drossell, surgeon.
Young Men's Institute.
Ignatian Council of the Young Men's
Institute is actively at work preparing
for its annual reception and dance to be
given in Native Sons' Hall on the night
of the 24th of next January. This coun
cil has in the past been favorably known
for the social functions it has given, and
this time the committee in charge pro
poses to make the p.ffair on that evening
one that will be pleas^tly remembered by
all who shall attend. *As this Is the ban
ner council of the order, nothing will be
..snared that will tend to make the func
tion a great success. The music will be
I he feature of the evening, and it is pro
posed that it shall not only please the
dancers, but that it will gladden those
who do not Join in the whirls on the
floor. The decorations will be all that
artists can make them. The following
named compose the committee. Ignatlua
li Dwyer (chairman), A. A. Quinn Sec
retary), Phil J. Lawler, M. J. Donipan,
James B. Coffey Jr.. Thomas H. Fallon,
R D Blake, R. F. Behan, J. E. Cornyn,
li' H Foley, A. Connlch, L. O'Neill.
Oorge Peterson, E. Selenger and W. J.
Brana.
California Council No. 1.
The newly elected officers of California
Council No. 1 of the Daughters of Lib
erty will be installed by Deputy Coun
cilor Miss Emily Lewis in the Shiels
building on the night of the 8th of Jan
uary. On the night of the 21st the mem
bers of this council will join with Martha
Washiijrton Council In holding a watch
night meeting for the purpose of ringing
out the old and ringing in the new year.
There vill be a fine programme, and as
the attar is to be a complimentary one it
is expected that tnere will be a large at
tendance.
Knights of Honor.
> Grand dictator Archibald was in Sa
ias last night, when the lodge there
ected its officers for the ensuing term
end then held an open public meetlngr,
nhich was addressed by the visitor in the
interest of the order. There were also
♦ther speakers and a programme of inter
esting numlers. :
The general committee of the Improved
Order of Red Men is arranging for a
grand ball to be given on th© night of the
8th of February next in Native Sons'
Hall. The details will be announced
later.
Ramona Council of the D. of P. is mak
ing arrangements for an entertainment
to be given on the night of the 11th of
January.
George H. Bucks of Redwood City,
who has fully recovered from his recent
attack of illness, was in this city last
week and visited the Post-street wigwam.
Deputy Leon Enwark is instructing the
team of the tribe at Palo Alto so that it
may cope with the team, of Navajo Tribe
of Santa Clara in the contest in the early
part of February.
The advisory board of the Great Coun
cil has decided to take stock to the
amount of 51000 In the new hall associa
tion of the order and Porter I*. Bliss, G.
C. of R., was authorized to make the an
nouncement at the meeting of the asso
ciation to be held on January 4.
Eugene Gardia, deputy of Seminole
Tribe, has been presented by the mem
bers of that tribe with a beautiful emble
matic badge of the order.
At the lirst meeting of each tribe in
January the recently elected chiefs will
be raised up.
Grand Ss.nnap E. Lastreto has returned
from his trip to Mexico.
Poanoche Tribe recently conferred the
adoption, chief* and warrior degree on a
class of eighteen, one degree being given
at each succeeding meeting. On the oc
casion of the conferring of the last named
degree the tribe was visited by Arapahoe
Tribe.
Sotoyome Tribe had one adoption on the
l&th inst. and two more on the 26th.
The Christmas festival of Modoc Tribe
was a great success. There were presents
for all the little ones, U. A. Lewis acting
as Santa. Claus. Then followed a. ben
quet and dancing.
Great Representative Henry A. Chase
received a letter last week informing him
that the tribe he organized at Chases
Station, Md., was Instituted on the 21st
Inst. with twenty members.
Manzanita Tribe will have its chief
raised up on January 8.
Patriotic Daughters.
The patriotic entertainment and dance
that was recently given in aid fef the Mc-
Kinley memorial fund by Martha Wash
ington Council of the Daughters of Lib
erty in the Laurel Hall of Shiels build
ing was a very' pleasing and successful
affair that was attended by a large num
ber of the friends of the members. There
was an excellent programme of patriotic
music, songs and recitations and then a
programme of up-to-date dances. The
following were the numbers on the pro
gTaxnme:
Overture, Miss Alice Severance; ad
dress, Mrs. Addie L. Ballou; recitation,
little Tryphena Pritchard; vocal solo, C.
L. Girard; recitation, Dr. J. T. Craw
ford; vocal selettions, Mrs. Annie Shew,
Eric Davis, Marie Roeckel and Elizabeth
Davis, and trombone solo, Gus Koht.
United Modems.
The officers of San Francisco Lodge of
the United Moderns will be Installed in
public on the night of the 3d of January
in its lodge room in the Shiels building-.
California Lodge will give an entertain
ment in the Social Hall of the Foresters'
building on the night of the third Monday
in January, on which occasion a fine pro
gramme will be presented.
Foresters of America.
Court Justice of the Foresters of 'Amer
ica on the night of the 23d of December
had a Christmas tree party in the Social
Hall of the Alcazar building which proved
to be one of the greatest events that this
court has ever given. It was well planned
and well carried out by the committee,
consisting of J. J. Bacon, J. Beattle, H.
Leopold, F. Himburger, G. Brinkmann, P.
McVeigh and D. Cadigan. There were
presents for all the children -who were on
hand and then there .was a fine pro
gramme of entertainment for the adults
and dancing, besides refreshments.
Grand Secretary Cordy and Jacob Label
paid a visit last week to Court Sadi Car
not in Oakland and delivered Interesting
addresses for the good of the order.
The relief board passed upon more than
thirty cases last Sunday. On the 26th of
January there will be held an election for
new officers.
The courts are getting ready to work in
the new ritual, which will go into effect
with the first of January.
Knights of Pythias.
The grand chancellor. L. S. Calkins, an
nounces the following visits for Janu
ary:
January 13, Riverside — Sunnyslde No. 112
and Perris No. 190, Jointly with No. 112. Jan
uary 14. San Bernardino — Valley No. 27 and
Colton No. 137, Jointly with No. 27. January
15, Santa Ana No. 149. January 17, Los An
geles — Gauntlet No. 129, Samson No. 148, Mar
athon No. 182 and Los Angeles No. 205, jointly
with No. 205. January 18, National City—
Loraa No. 159 (special convention). January
20, San Diego — San Diego No. 2S and Red Star
No. 153. jointly with No. 28. January 21,
Escondldo— Themis No. 146 (special conven
tion). January 22, Elslnore — Lake Elsinore
No. 140. January 23, Redlands — Redlanda No.
If*, and Highlands No. 211, Jointly with No.
16«^ January 24, Needles — Mojave No. 122.
Supreme Chancellor Ogden H. Fethers
is now on his way to Honolulu, IL I. He
•will return about the 22d of next Janu
ary.
Colonel J. P. Abbott of the Brigade Staff,
assisted by Brigadier General H. Schaff
ner (retired), on the 21st inst. mustered in
Kern Company No. 5, at Bakersfleld.
Past Grand Chancellor C. L. Patton,
who has been visiting the East, is ex
pected home shortly.
Installation of new officers will be in
order during the first half of January.
San Francisco Temple No. 11 of the
Hathbone Sisters at its last held meeting
initiated five strangers ari received two
applications. This temple Is Increasing
rapidly in membership and is making ar
rangements at this time* to render a re
ception to the Grand and the Supreme
Temple in 1902. ;
TJ. S. Cavalry Strops.
These are the latest and best razor
strops. Sold only by Skinner Co., 416 Mar
ket street. ; •■- • v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
FRATERNITIES
0ALJFORNIA CHAPTER No.
183 of the Order of the Eastern
Star held Its first meeting un
der the direction of th© newly
Installed officers on th© night
of the 19th lnst. Phineas P. Fer
guson, th© worthy patron; Dr. Bertha W.
Stark, the worthy matron, and in fact all
tha officers entered into the spirit of the
work of th© evening with a great deal of
enthusiasm, and acquitted themselves
with much credit, each showing that
considerable attention had been devoted
to the study of th© several duties. Dur
ing the evening Past Matron Mrs. Lizzie
Tonningsen presented to each of those la
dies who were officers under her during
her term, as well as those who acted as
substitutes, a handsome Eastern Star
souvenir spoon, and to the one who was
the chaplain a fine star of the order. Thti
chapter was Informed that the boys
brass band at the Masonic Home is doing
well, and that It had recently played at
th© cornerstone ceremonies of the court
house In Martinez and at a concert at
Stockton, and was greatly praised. The
boys have become proficient under the
leadership of George W. Bennett, and as
the boys were furnished the funds to re
cure Instruments by California Chapter
it was thought that the chapter should
now furnish a fund to keep the band in
music, books and other things that are
requisite to a first-class band. After
hearing the statement it was decided to
give a grand concert and dance in Golden
Gate Hall on the night of the 8th of next
February. There will be a programme of
music by first-class talent, and the boys'
band will appear and give several num
bers. The committees necessary to carry
out the idea were appointed. The com
mittee of arrangements is composed of
Mrs. Lizzie Tonningsen (chairman),--Min
nie C. Stebbins, Georgiana Caley, hmma
Florence Liebold and Henry Kunst. The
chairmen of the other committees are:
Reception, Dr. W. C. Hassler; floor, Dr.
James W. Likens; entertainment, Chief
George "W. Wittman; tickets, Isidor Hor
ton, and printing, John Tonningsen. At
the meeting there was a social hour,
games, dancing and wishes for success
for the approaching year. •
On the night of the 20th inst. Golden
Gate, the mother chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star, had a Christmas tree
party in Golden Gate asylum for its mem
bers and friends. The attendance was
large, and there were present a number
of the matrons and past matrons and
other officers of local chapters. Past
Grand Patron Darling, In the garb or
the modern Santa Claus. took possession
of a prettily decorated tree that was :n
a side room and to each one in attend
ance' gave a present — not expensive, it is
true, but symbolic of the good feeling
that exists in the chapter. After the dis
tribution of the gifts there was a short
programme of entertainment and
dancing, after which a dainty collation
was served. At the parting there were
exchanged the compliments of the holi
day season, and all expressed themselves
exceedingly well pleased with the first
social function of the new officers.
James E. Parmerlee, the genial and
well-known outside sentinel for Mission
Chapter of the Eastern Star, has come
to the conclusion that it is not well for
man to dwell alone; so he has determined
to get married. The event will take
place with the advent of the new year.
Th© many friends in and out of the
chapter of this very courteous and oblig
ing officer will gladly congratulate him
on the step he has resolved to take.
On the night of the 23d inst. the new
officers of Beulah Chapter of South San
Francisco initiated three candidates in a
manner that astonished those who were
there as visitors. Among these were Past
Grand Patron G. L. Darling, Past Grand
Organist Mrs. Nellie A. Darling, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate S. Willats, Past Pa
tron and Matron Mr. and Mrs. John Ton
ningsen of California Chapter and Wil
liam S. Moses. The visitors all had some
thing to say about the work, and Past
Patron Tonningsen declared that it was
the best work that he had ever witnessed
by officers immediately after installation.
The work was followed by a social hour.
San Francisco Chapter will install in
the Masonic Temple January 4.
On the night of the 26th inst. Harmony
Chapter No. 124 held its first meeting
after installation and the new officers
entered upon the discharge of their re
spective duties. Several applicants, whose
petitions had been presented at the previ
ous session, were favorably reported upon
and were elected to membership. They
will be initiated at the next meeting.
After the routine business there was an
adjournment to the small banquet hall,
wh»re there was dancing for an hour or
more. Under the direction of th© new
worthy matron, Mrs. Mary Ella Klein
and her corps of well selected officers,
Harmony Chapter expects to make an ex
cellent record, socially and otherwise.
Ladies' Auxiliary.
Recently the Ladies' Auxiliary to Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1, Knights Tem
plar, has had a number of pleasant quiet
social functions, notably one at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. S. A. McDonnell
at 1212 Fell street and a whist party at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Ta
ber at 3360 Twenty-third street. On the
closing day of the year the auxiliary will
entertain the husbands and gentlemen
frJends of the members at Sorosis Hall, on
California street.
Degree of the Amaranth.
Crescent Court of the Degree of the
Amaranth has made arrangements to in
stall its newly elected officers in its hall
on the night of the 10th of January.
The National Union.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet of the National Union on the
night of the 26th inst.. J. N. Bunting, pres
ident, in the chair, a number of matters
were discussed for the good of the order,
but as that was the last meeting of the
term and the election of new officers will
be held at the January meeting, action
thereon was laid over until after the se
lection of the new officials. A press com
mittee was appointed whose duties It
shall be to visit the local councils and
furnish the news of the order to the offi
cial organ and to the dally papers. Sec
retary Fred H. Hastings made a request
that all of the local councils send him a
list of the new delegates to the cabinet
before the next meeting so that he could
prepare a complete roster of those who
during the next term will be entitled to
representation in the cabinet.
San Francisco Council, on the night of
the 21st inst., elected officers for the en
suing term. The names of these appear
under the heading of "Fraternal Elec
tions" in this issue. This council has of
late taken on a degree of enthusiasm
that speaks well for its prosperity and ad
vancement.
The announcement has been made that
after the first of January the Initiatory
fee will be $3 50 in each council.
At the meeting of the cabinet last week
President Bunting, after the announce
ment of the prize winners, as already
published in The Call, stated that durinf
the first contest, which ran during a pe
riod of seven months, forty-two were In
troduced by prize winners Into the order,
while during the five months' contest just
closed fifty-five were introduced and ini
tiated at less cost per capita than during
the previous and longer contest. The
number of members Initiated during the
year was 281.
Pacific Council will Install officers on
the 10th of January, El Capitan Council
on the 2d, Union Council on the 10th,
California Council on the 15th and San
Francisco Council on the 18th.
Odd Fellowship.
Grand Master William Nichols Jr. of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
announces the following visitations for
January: 6th, Monrovia Lodge, Mon
rovia; 7th, Euclid Lodge, North Ontario;
8th, Embarcadero Lodge, San Pedro ; 9th,
Good Will Lodge, Los Angeles; 10th, Sea
side Lodge, Santa Monica; (special) 11th,
Pasadena Lodge, Pasadena; (special) 13th,
Colton Lodge, Colton; 14th, Riverside
Lodge, Riverside; 16th, San Diego Lodge
San Diego; 17th, Joint meeting of Orange
Lodge of Orange and Santa Ana Lodge of
Santa Ana; 18th, Santa Paula Lodge
Santa Paula; 20th. Ventura Lodge, .Ven
tura; 21st, Santa Barbara Lodge in Joint
session with the Channel City Lodge; 23d,
Lompoc Lodge, Lompoc; 24th, Chorro
Lodge, San Luis Obispo, and 25th, Santa
Lucia Lodge, Paso Robles.
F-1-d-e-l-i-t-y Lodge on the night of the
23d inst. had the last Initiatory work un
der the officers whose term expires with
the year. The Interest in the event was
manifested by the largest attendance of
members that has been known for som«»
time. There were also/ present a large
number of visitors. Two strangers were
admitted by initiation and two by card.
During the term of the present noble
grand, C. P. Phillips, the membership was
increased by twenty-two, bringing the
roll up to 332. A great deal of this In
crease was the result of the untiring ef
forts of the noble grand, who during the
six months he has been In office spared
neither time, money nor energy to ad
vance the interests of the lodge. Next
month he will take his place with a num
ber of the young past grands who dur
ing the past few years have worked hard
to build up this ever prosperous and pop
ular lodge. After the initiation there was
served an excellent collation under the
supervision of N. M. Peterson, A. T.
Downes and Henry Osthoff. ~Two pleas
ant hours were spent around the table,
at the head of which Noble Grand Phil
lips acted as toastmaster. Before calling
on any one to speak, he told of the many
happy hours he had spent during his
term in the service of the lodge. Then
followed a number of responses to toasts,
recitations, vocal selections and stories,
and the meeting was voted a most pleas-
Jng one.
Yerba Buena Lodge closed the term of
the present officers with the initiation of
four candidates.
Unity Lodge will have work in the ini
tiatory degree on the evening of next
Tuesday, when the event will be followed
by a social hour.
Grand Secretary Shaw left for Grass
Valley on the 26th inst., to be present with
the grand master at a meeting of the two
lodges of that place in joint session.
Patriarchs Militant.
On the night of the 8th of January next
the following officers of San Francisco
Canton No. 5, Patriarchs Militant, will be
Installed; C. H. Kronbeck, captain;
A H. Breckwoldt, lieutenant; Charles F.
Phillips, ensign; G. H. Wilson, clerk; Ma
jor C. E, Benedict, clerk; General E. H.
Black, Robert C. Black and Robert W.
Jones, trustees. It is expected that
there will be a large attendance on that
night. The continuing of Captain Korn
beck in the position * of commander of
the corps is a compliment to an officer
■who is one of the best drlllmasters , In
the Patriarchs, and it is a recognition of
his earnest endeavors to advance the can
ton and bring it to a degree of efficiency
of which every member of that branch of
the Order of Odd Fellows may well feel
proud. : •
The Kebekahs.
Next Wednesday night Oriental Rebek
ah Lodge No. 90 will tender a reception to
Deputy President Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart
and her staff in the lodge hall In the Odd
Fellows' building. It will be B an open
meeting to all members of the ojrder and
the affair will be conducted under the
supervision of Noble Grand Mrs. Harriet
Beckley and her staff of officers. A num
ber of the prominent officers of the var
ious branches of the Odd Fellows will be
invited as special guests for the even-
Ing.
Miss Hazel E. Donoho, daughter of Mrs.
Donoho, secretary of the California as
sembly, graduated at the Denman school
last week, and on that occasion presented
to the classroom a beautiful portrait of
the late President McKinley. Her pre
sentation speech was a gem of oratory
that was most favorably commented upon
by the many who were present and lis
tened to the exercises. The young lady
has inherited much of the talent of her
gifted mother.
The various lodges of the city are get
ting ready for installation of officers.
California Lodge is the banner lodge
this term, having admitted by initiation
more than thirty members.
Templar Lodge, which has done well
during the term which is closing, had an
initiation last night and then there was
a banquet to the outgoing and the offi
cers elect.
Native Daughters.
The Christmas tree, party of Darina
Parlor, given in the social hall of the Red
Men's building on the night of the 23d
inst., was a pleasant affair that was in
keeping with the functions that have been
given in'the past by this subordinate of
the Native Daughters of the Golden West.
There was a present from the tree for
each one who attended, and the Darina
girls amused themselves by hurling cas
carones at any one who was within reach.
The dance programme kept those in at
tendance together until midnight. The
affair was conducted by Lucle jBammer
smlth, Edith Brown, Daisle Nepp and
Miss Unger.
The fourteenth anniversary celebration
of the institution of Califla Parlor No. 23
of Sacramento, recently held, was a de
cided success in every way. There was
In the early part of the evening the pre
sentation of a farce entitled "An Obsti
nate Family" by a number of the mem
bers, who acquitted themselves in a cred
itable manner for non-professionals. This
was followed by a banquet, at which there-
Were as special guests Miss Mary Bur
gess, president of La Bandera Parlor, and
Miss Kate Crowell, president of Sutter
Parlor. The hall was prettily decorated
with smilax, Christmas berries and lan
terns. The tables were decorated with
smilax, choice flowers, berries and can
dles. The following was the menu, quite
poetical:
"A good digestion to you all; and once more
I shower a welcome on ye!"
I — Henry VIII.
Eastern Oysters on the Half Shell.
"Drenched in the sea. hold,
Notwithstanding, their freshness."
— Antony and Cleopatra.
Bread and Butter.
"Give us this day our dally bread."
— Book of Books.
Crab Salad. Potato Salad. Salted Crackers.
"Let onion atoms lurk within the bowl,
And, half suspected, animate the whole."
— Sydney Smith.
Olives. Pickles. Salted Almonds. Celery.
"Some relish of the saltness of time."
— Henry IV.
Turkey. Ham. Tongue. Cranberry Sauce.
"There's cold meat in the cave, we'll browse
on that." — Pope.
Coffee with Cream.
"Coffee which makes wise." — Pope.
Icecream a la N. S. G. W.
"Then farewell heat, and welcome frost."
— Merchant of Venice.
Cakes a la N. D. G. W. Candies.
"The first taste of sweets Is sweetest last."
—Richard II.
Raisins. Nuts. Fruits.
"We are yours In the xarden."
— Winter's Tale.
While the good things of the menu were
being discussed and enjoyed Mrs. Maggie
Schroth, president of Califia Parlor, who
presided as toast mistress, called for re
sponses to toasts as follows: "Pioneers,"
Miss Bella Johnston; "Native Sons," Miss
M. B. Johnson; "Twentieth Century,"
Mrs. Frankle Greer: "Our Beloved Or
der," Past Grand President Mrs. Ema
Gett; "The Flag," Miss M. Burgess, and
"Sutter Parlor," Miss Kate Crowell.
The first official visit to local parlors
by Grand President Mrs. Genevieve W.
Baker was the one made last night to
Alta Parlor in the Native Sons' building.
There was a large attendance and the
grand officer was received with* all the
honors due to her station and in that
fraternal spirit which has always been
manifested by the members of this well
known parlor. After the ceremonial busi r
ness was over there was a banquet, cov
ers being set for 125. Mrs. Baker was
presented a handsome .basket of flowers
by the parlor and a silver cold meat fork
and sardine fork by her personal friends
in the organization.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
At the last held meeting of Bernal
Lodge of the Ancient Order of Workmen
a class of eight strangers were Introduced
by Special Organizer B. D. Goodrich and
were initiated in the amplified form, the
screen work being introduced on that oc
casion.
Prosperity Lodge has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a public installation
of its new officers.
A correspondent asks: "A committee on
investigation is appointed with instruc
tiens to report at the next meeting on the
character of two applicants for admission
to membership. At the next meeting two
members of the committee absent them
selves, but the third one is present and
reports favorably. Three brothers in the
lodgeroom declare that they have known
the applicants for upward of five "ears.
Would not the master workman have
been justified in appointing two of these
brothers on the investigation committee
in. place of the absent ones Instead of
turning the candidates away?" Brothers
who accept a position ■ on a committee
should perform the duty assigned them
and if unable to come to the lodge, as In
the case cited, to make a report on the
applications, should have sent in a report
in writing and excuse for non-attendance
Having neglected to either come to the
ledge or send in a written report the mas
ter workman should have taken it for
granted that- they had neglected a duty
and he would have been Justified in ap
pointing two of the three brothers who
had known the applicants for more than
five years in the place of the delinauents
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ■■■BBBBBBBIflBBBBBBBBBBBIIBBB»BaBBIHBBBHHB-iB
1 INVENTORY REDUCTIONS. |
g Prior to Stock Taking All Broken g
S Lots Will Be Offered S
I AT EXTRA CUT RATES f
5j AT THE POPULAR S
B --- B
s iiill lirN if A I h g
B ■ ' ■ ... ; B
s CLOAK and SUIT HuUSfc s
m - r -w**^_ — -^-^v^-> —^ ■
I $10 Jailor Suits at $7.50. 1
IS Blue Grey Golfing Suits. Eton style, with velvet collar, good mate- p»
I H rial, well made, plenty of stitching on skirt. JO
I $15 Tailor Suits at $10. I
H Black Venetian Tailor Suits, Box and Eton effect, correct styles, [
1 g good lining. . Q
I $25 Tailor Suits at $17.50. 1
Hi Navy Blue Venetian Tailor Suits, jacket and skirt handsomely trim- ■
§ med, perfect fitting, extra quality lining; the tailoring is perfect. g
| $8.50 Jackets at $6.50. g
Q Made of Oxford Frieze, with velvet revers, velvet collar and velvet ■
il cuffs. • g
I $10 Jackets at $7. |
O .; All-Wool Black Golfing Cloth Auto Box Coats, with 6titched velvet E
B revers, velvet collar and cuffs. -,-« "
H $15.00 Ya Coats and Raglans at 912.50 ■
H $25.00 Raglans, very latest style, at * $1T.5O I
g $7.50 Tan and Black Cloth Capes at !S $5.OO g
I One-Quarter Off g
■ On all FUR CAPES. PUR COLLARETTES AND FUR SCARFS. 13
H MISSES' and CHILDREN'S LONG and SHORT COATS at B
g CUT RATE PRICES. £. g
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. 8
Sbbuihihiiuihiuii ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
AUUSEMEOTS.
tflfli BlBflDIA SAN FRANCISCO'S
fUULUl^Jim LEADING THEATRE
Beginning TO-MORROW, Dec. 80.
2nd and MATINEES
Last NEW
Week YEAR'S
ililfil s ATURpA y
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Ford
and Edward E. Rose of the former's widely-
read and romantic revolutionary story.
JANICE MEREDITH
Under th» Management of FRANK McKEE.
SPECIAL MATINEE
Next Thursday, Jan. 2.
MARY MANNEMNG
Appearing for the First Time, in the Title-
Role of
CAiVULLE.
MONDAY. JANUARY 6.
America's Foremost Theatrical Organization.
Modjeska&James
And an Incomparable Company In
~HENRY VIII
The 'most complete, sumptuous and scholastic
production ever shown in this city.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
COLUMBIATHEATER. 1
TUESDAY AND FRIDAY AFTERNOON.
January 28 and 31.
JOSEF HOFMANN
PIANO RECITALS.
* Reserved seats 50c to $2.
Management HENRY "WOLFSOHN.-
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
t'CARMEN."
New Year's Week Beffinnins To-morrow
(MONDAY) EVENING.
SPECIAL. MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAT.
MINNIE SELIGM AN
"A lapy~oFquality."
By Frances Hodeson Burnett and
Stephen Townsend.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 25c.
BEL&SCOA*DTmimjfetf$ig,
""ft "^ ttnpn ctnf tits.%
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c— 15c— 25c
TO-NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE!
Everybody's Favorite Play,
THE SILVER KING
DDIPPC Evenings 10c to 50c
riUVEJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING^ — Denman
Thompson's Play,
THE TWO SISTERS
A Great Production!
EXTRA MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY!
PALACE and \
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city — depots, ferries and parks —
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
*TIVOLI*
Evenings at 8 Sharp!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND NEW TEAR
DAY at 2 Sharp'.
"A Delight for Everybody."
MONDAY, Dec. 30th— Third Biff Week.
FERRIS HARTMAN'S Jolly Spectacle,
Red
Riding Hood
PAUL. STEINDORFF, Musical Director.
THE SHOW FOR THE SEASON.
Every Child Should See It
MERRY MUSIC— FUNNY SONGS AND
JOKES.
Stunning 1 Costumes and Scenery, Including
Frederick B. McGreer's Transformation,
NURSERY RHYMES of MOTHER GOOSE.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, BOo and T3c
Telephone — Bush 9.
Belasco & Thall, Mgrs. m> -^L
MATINEE TO-DAY. 'SSI?
TO-NIGHT AND ALL ££%r"Mk.
NEXT WEEK, && ¥+r<k
EXTRA MATINEE hf^g^i'wjgi
NEW YEAR'S DAY! "nj^JHyr?
Our Holiday Fun, *Sl!N?55i?*
CHARLEY' S $TW[
AUNT. JPVSsfI
"From Brazil, "Where the |e» Vfll^
A Laush a Minute for 2 £f?^&$B&ij& K
Prices — 15, 25, 85, 60, 76c. %mmmZm*m~*—**
%¥1W™ G . THIS EVENING.
' Matinees New Year's Day and Saturday.
the BLACK PATT1
rSSus TROUBADOURS
BLACK PAT i I,
The Greatest Stnser of Her Race,
And JOHN RUCKER. "The Alabama Blos-
som," and 30 Ebony Ecstacies.
The Greatest Colored Show on Earth.
Special Feature — Grand Gold Medal Champion
CAKE WALK
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Evenings.
Seats Ready.
Next Sunday, Jan. 5 — "WHOSE BABY ARE
YOU?" — "Don't You Remember?"
Seats Thursday.
CHUTES^and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
LAST DAY OF CHRISTMAS PRESENTS
FOR THE CHILDREN.
COMMENCING TO-DAT.
ELLA BURT
WILL COAST THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
FIREWORKS NEW YEAR'S EVE.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
FTSfJHFR'S concert house.
riDUnEitt O Admission loc.
Prof. A. J. Topping: The Sorensens; Paloma
Quartet; Mullen and Lord; Valkyra: Ethel Cul-
breth; Coleman and Mexis; Billy Johnson, and
Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c.
Matinee Sunday and New Year's.
ttfratU.oo.iv.YHr
* • Week Commencing This Afternoon, • •
| * December 29. * |
:: (Special Matinee Thursday, Jan. 2.) ::
J A GLORIOUS HOLIDAY BILL! |j
:: ..................... ♦
4* DIRECT FROM BERLXN*.
4PIC0L0'S A ::
LILIPUTIANSH- »
T COMEDIANS AND QYMXASTS. [\
| RITTER'S TRAINED DOGS *
v Marvelous Caaina Actors.
I ', In Conjunction With th* • •
iorpheumI
I ROAD I
:: ullUW ::
: : In an Entire Change : :
:: of Programme. ::
* * POSITIVELY LAST -WEEK. ; \
J> Parquet, 25c, any eeatj Balcony, 10c: * '
Children. 10c, any part excapt re*erv«4;
* a few front Orchestra rowa. reserved. " '
* " BOo; front rowa of Balcony, reserved. • •
* * 25c ■ • '
O4-I"H"I"H-H"I"I"l"I"I"l-I"r"!»I4-l"l"I-O
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GEACE, Jn4g» ; JA3. 1\ GBACI, 8Iljj«r.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY - - - DecemWf 29
Two High-Class
Open Stakes.
CHAMPION BOUNDS TO
COMPETE
96— NOMINATIONS— 96
TRAIN' SERVICE.
Xieaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
a. m, 11 a. ra., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets flva minutes later.
Returning ■ at 4:45 p. xn. and after th« last
course. San Mateo electrio cars every aix
minutes
ADMISSION 25 CENTS— LADIES FREE.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth. ■ -*■ .
•
GAMES AT* 2:30 P. M.
TO-DAT. SATURDAT. STJNDAT AND NEJW
TSAR'S.
ADMISSION 25o AND COc.
gjg^^ RACING
!"^*,j3s23^5Sj r Every W eek Day—
WF Rain op Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. •harp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 jr.. »M
12:30. 1. 1:301 2. 2:30 and 8 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladlea and their escorts; no mmnktitg Buy yrmr ■
ferry tickets to Shall Mound. All train* vl*
Oakland mold connect with San Pablo avenna
electrio can at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via *tflT"*^n mol» con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. Thus* electrio
cars ko direct to the track In fifteen mlnutaa.
Re turning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after tie last rtoa*
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHA8. P. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
IEEKLI_GM1
cJ It Publish^ the Cream of ti»
J News or the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
01 PAPER ON THfi
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 TlfeBest V / Mining
~\ Ttrfegraphic N^y' News That
©\ iervJce on /N. Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to date
oc Not a Line of it Sensational
oc or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uainteresting.
CX Bright. Clean. A Champ:** e<
1 Thoughtful. Trots.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
, J ALL THE TIME.
o) IT ADVOCATES T~SENT BY
HOME MAIL, SI
©< IVDISTKHS I . A YIAB.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
3132
SA.IT FRAJfCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayea etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
630 McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission atreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
100 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
10P8 Valencia etreet: open until ft p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmnre street: cpfn until 9 p. ra.
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Baeramento st. — Services at
11 a. m. and 7:30 p. in., Sunday school at
12:45 p. ra.. 'Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p.
m. Rev. William Kirk Guthrie will preach
both morning and evening. This church will
a!s£ hold a watch meeting on Tuesday even-
ing, December SI. commencing at 9 o'clock |
and continuing until the new year. AJ1 are
cordially invited. ■
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and OcUvia eta.. Rev. John Hemphill,
P.D.. pastor; Rev. G>orge G. Eldredge. as-
sociate pastor — Dr. Hemphlll will preach at
II a. m.. topic. "God. Mindful of Our Labors
of Love," and at 7:30 p. m., at the Second
t=t Mission. Mr. Eldreflre will preach at
7:30 p. m.. topic. "Good Thlnga Safely
Kept." Morning Sabbath school, 10 o'clock;
afternoon Sabbath school. 12:50 o'clock. Y.
P S. C. E.. 6:S0 o'clock. All cordially In-
vited^
UNITARIAN Church (First), aouthwest corner
Geary and Franklin ets. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minister
emeritus: Charles A. Murdock. superintendent
of Sunday «chool. The Sunday school Is at
10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. B. Fay Mills of Oakland will
preach, pubject, "Twentieth Century Re-
ligion." Professor Bacon'a Bible clasa will
begin January 5. at 10 a. m. All are cor-
dially Invited. There is no evening service. .
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth sta. Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore,
minister — Sunday *cnool at 0:45 o'clock. The
mSnJster will rreach at 11 o'clock on "The
Use of Time."._nd at 7:45 o'clock on "The
Close of the Year." j
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adama, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at 11 a. m.; services ap-
propriate to Christmas: special mus!e.l>y the
choir. Samuel D. Mayer, organist andN;holr-
master; morning theme. "The Incarnation."
At 7:30 p. m.. a Christmas service of sonjr.
with address by the pastor. All are cordially
Invited.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor. Re%\
Philip Coombe. residence. 3415 Jackson St..
telephone Jackson 1941. Sermon themes. 11
a. m.. "Whet Have We Learned In 1901";
7:45 p. m., "What Have We Lost in 1901."
Sunday school. 9:45 a, m.; Christian En-
deavor Society. 6:45 p. m. Seats free. A
cordial welcome for every one.
CENTRAL Church, iJJsEion et.. between Sixth
and Seventh— Pastors, Arthur H. Brtggs and
Herbert F. Brtgga. 11 a. m.. Miss Lillian
Marks will tell the thrilling 6tory of work
during India's last famine. 12:45 c. m.,
Sunday school; Italia V. Watt, -superintend-
ent. 6:15 pv m.. societies of Christian En-
deavor. 7:30 p. m. t concert. The Christmas
music will be repeated morning- and even-
ing. 8 p. m.. sermon. Roscoe Warren liucy,
organist and choirmaster. The seats are
free and the people are welcome. Watch-
night Tuesday evening, 9 o'clock.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal j
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan Bts. — 1
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will' preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Morning topic,
"At the Throne." Topic for evening, "The
New Year and the New Life." The excel-
lent Christmas murte will be repeated In the
evening. I. E. Blake, director. Seats fre«».
All invited. Young people will meet for spe-
cial prayer at 10 a. m.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough ets. —
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m.; Sunday-school,
» :S0 a. m. : morning service. 11 o'clock, ser-
mon by rector: afternoon service. 4 o'clock; ]
people's one hour service, 8-9 p. m. This is ;
a special musical service. Address by ttev. \
D. Charles Gardner. All seats free. You I
are welcome. i
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, nartlett Et..
near £3d — Christmas services 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Special music in the evening;
contralto 60I0. "City of Perfect Peace." Mrs. I
H. Brace: barytone solo. "Sweet Bethlehem," j
Kev. J. George Gibson; organ, "A Descriptive 1
Fantasle" (Englemann). Barcarolle (Afeh-
ford). "Chiming- Christmas nells" <Oild*>r>, j
march from "Carmen" (Bizet). Organist, !
■*Miss Lotta Underbill. '.
SEVENTH Day Adventlst Church. 914 Laguna \
St.. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave. 1
— Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by I
the pastor. Elder W. S. Sadler, subject. "Soiil !
Struggles, or Fiphtlngs Within." A cordial I
invitation Is extended to all. Seats free. i
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central 1
block. 223 Sutter Ft., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. : subject of lesson-sermon. "Christian!
Science." Sunday school for children at th» I
same hour. Wednesday evening "njeetlng at |
8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms, 20(J Kearny 1
6t.. rooms 509-510. All are welcome. j
THE First Mental Science Temple meets at 11 j
o'clock sharp every Sunday morning in Golu-
en Gate Hall, 625 Butter i?t. — This morning
B. K. Lowe will deliver his new thought
lecture on "The Divinity of Nature," The
public cordially invited to hear this lecturer.
Seats free. Collection will be taken. All
members of temple are requested to be pres-
ent for business after lecture.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Eilis
ets. — The great meeting for men In mtmory
of the late John J. Valentine to-day Ht 3
o'clock. Rev. E. E. Baker. D.D., of Oak-
land, will speak on "Man of Men — A Study
of Life and Character." Mr. Valentine was
president of the Young Men's Christian As-
sociation for six years. Seats free to ail
men. I
LOWER Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin Et. — "Special
address by Mr. Alfred Mace Sunday after-
noon at 3 o'clock; subject. "The Heavenly j
City." Special gospel meetings Sunday, Tues- !
day, Wednesday and Thursday evenings at
7:15 o'clock. Free to all. Xo collection.
GOLDEN GATE Branch Theosophical Societv.
room 11. Flood building, 609 Market st. — Free
public lecture to-day, 3 p. m.. "The His-
toric and the Esoteric Christ," by W. J. j
Colville. At 8 p. m. an astrological view of
tbe theosophical movement, retrospective and
prospective, by Mary C. Bell. Solos by
Frank C. Griffin. Free lending library open
Monday. Thursday and Saturday. 1 to 4 p.
m.\ and Saturday evening.
THE Theosophical Society — Public lecture to-
night in Odd Fellows' building at 8 o'clock
by Mr. Thomas Prime of Birmingham, Eng-
land; subject. "The Planetary Chain." il-
lustrated by Etereoptleon views. Inquirers'
class Bunday, 11 a. m. Children's group,
•The Golden Chain," Sunday, 11 a. m. Public
meetings Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock and
Thursday afternoon at 2:30. Lending library
open daily from 1 to 4 p. m. ; also on Tues-
day evening.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture
this evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle,
SK59 Market St. Subject, "The Spirit of the
Age," followed by magnificent views of a
tour of Sweden and Denmark. Seats free;
no collection. Remember the Question Box.
"SUGGESTION but Not Hypnotlam": the
monthly "now" lecture upon "How to Win."
illustrated with good subjects and all the
experiments of the stage operator. Henry
Harrison Brown. Odd Fellowa' bid*.; 25c;
8 p. m.
A TEST meeting. 909 Market, front hall; 11,
free; 2:30-8. 10c; Wilson and the regular
mediums; entertainment and dance Jan. <".
A— SPIRITUAL meeting. 909 Market at., rear
hall— 11. free; 2-8, 10c; Swan, Maxwell,
Wrenn. others. #
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night. 3250 Twenty-second at., between
Mission and Valencia; 10c •• ' -
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Occidental Hail,
305 Larkin— Dec. 23. 7:30 p. m.. Mrs. R. fa.
Lillie. speaker; free. w
A— PROF. GEE, 108 6th at.; circle to-night;
10c; convincing testa and phrenological read.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 005 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptic*.
"W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting: every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
SPIRITUAL meeting. 1073% Market, nr. 7th;
7:45 p. m., Mr. & Mrg. Perkins; read, dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p. m.,
10S4 Bush, near Leavenworth; 60c.
EARLE slatewritlng to-night. 328 Ellla at.
BROCKWAY'S seance to-night, 25c. 1052 Ellla
<-t.. between Franklin and Goueh.
CIRCLE to-night, 10c; circule Tues. eve.; also
watch night, 10c. 120 Sixth at.
UEETIKG NOTICES.
SOUTH San~i^ncisco~_odge No 212, m
F. and A. M.. will meet on SUNDAY,
the 2>th lnst., at 12:30 p. m.. to at- J*_jf
tend the Tnneral of our late brother, *^r >
JOHN WILLIAM ONKEN. Master Masons
and friends are invited. By order of the
master. E. C. HARE. Secy.
ALTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F— «sS8_B__
Initiation MONDAY EVENING, _£^?S !
Dec. 80. Visitors welcome. :^?'S*$s??
C. O. PARADIS. N. G. 'V//»v!^'
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. _?««___
F.— Initiation TUESDAY EVEN- _g^_5?S«
JXG Dec. 31. S o'clock eharp.
Visiting brothere and membera
cordially invited.
J. H. HUDSON, N. Q.
CEO. VL STEWART, Rec Sec
MEETING NOTICES-— Continued.
"A NICHT in Auld Scotland." — The v '©^ &«.
P. F. Scottish Thistle Club will 3V, $%$]
hold Its 20th Annual Hogmanay Tj_XjyP
Supper and Ball at Native Sons' *■*_■•
Hall. 414 Mason St., TUESDAY EVENING,
Dec. 81. 1001. Grand march at 8 p. m. Sup-
per at 11 p. m. Tickets, $1 60 each, to be
had of the members or at the hall on night
of festival. Hat and cloak rooma at disposal
of guests.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
EUREKA Benevolent Association — The annual
meeting of the members of this association
will be held on SUNDAY, December 20, 1901,
at the office of the association, 486 O'Farrell
et., at 10:30 a. m. The annual reports of
the officers will be submitted, five trustees
elected and such other business transacted
as will come before the meeting. By order,
MEYER H. LEVY. Secretary.
NOTICE— M. E. B. A. No. SB: Please attend
funeral of brother W. L. JONES, THIS
DAY, 9:45 a. m., at 946 Mission at.
J. R. FLOUD. President.
W. WARIN, Secretary.
THE California Debria Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
Ilo process * from L. Lagomaratno, in the
Homy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings on a flat; from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jones, In the Hardscrabble
mine, near Oak, Shasta Co., to deposit tail-
ings In Clear Creek, and from Joseph Rup-
ley, in the Negro Flat placer mine, at Negro
Flat, El Dorado Co., to deposit tailings in
Negro Gulch, gives notice that a meeting
•will be held at room 59, Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on January 13, 1902. at 1:30
p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper,
in the Gray Lizard mine. In Butte County,
rear Rackerby, to deposit tailings in Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman. In
the Tannery mine, at Oregon Hill. Yuba
. County, to deposit tailings In Oregon Creek;
and from Manuel Fernandez, in the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 53,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Jan.
oary 6. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 12fl Stockton St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
at 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth
i dav of January. 1902. to elect trustees to
serve for the ensuing year end for the trans-
action of such other - business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco,
December 26. 1001.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house, 301
Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
AGEXTS WANTED.
, AGENTS — A grand opportunity' to make money
selling our new pocket atlas of the world;
contains over 400 pag-ep; . Including mans of
every State In the Union and every foreign
country; over.J.00 pa,ges of valuable descrip-
tive matter and the new census, giving the
population of every Incorporated city, town
and vlllas-e, also every county in the United
States. Send 25c for sample copy and terms
to ajrents. RAND. McNALLY _ CO.. Chi-
cago. 111.
NEW book — "Theodore Roosevelt, Patriot and
Statesman": thrillln? Interest; profusely Il-
lustrated: low price; liberal terms; outfit
free. .2IEGLER4CO.? 322 Dearborn. Chicago
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new. '
1067 Market St.. room 1.
ASPHAL.TUM HOOKING.
citt"asphaltum"to^.^
t-i'l* walks, floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, by mail If
d"?1reJ. RAYMOND. 993 Market St.. room 4.
V ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce; bankruptcy; collections;
attachments; mortgages; bills of sale; part- i
nershlits; deeds; wills drawn; no fee unless
successful; open eveninss. J. M. THUK-
STON. room 31, 819 Market st.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn318l.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St., cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney, Examiner building, 6th
floor; all eases; fees low; estates, collections,
«-tc. ; consultation free; no advance fees; open
eveniri_s.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- I
Uet st.: consultation free; no fees In advance. |
BICYCLES For Sale or Ezclian are. I
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER _ HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
ALLEN can fill your every want In the bicycle
line; Columbia, Hartford, Vedette. Eureka
and second-hand bicycles. 801 Larkin st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 14:s> Market St., S. F.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$4000 — CO-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished; situated on very busy corner; 10 bay
windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also
50 others; see us before you buy. MILES &
CO., 927 Market St.. room 20S.
$10*11 — GROCERY and bar in Mission; cood
bus.; extab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co., 1*27 Mkt.
; $«O0 — SALOON, -.vith 3 rms. and cellar; money-
maker. MILES _ CO.. 927 Market St., r. 208.
LIVERY stable in Alameda; most complete and
fully equipped barn in the State: owner going
East: pays from $200 to $500 per month;
' boarders and,, funeral trade can be fully in-
vestigated. See HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
I 2320 Santa Clara av«., Alameda.
I .
HEALY & HENDERSON,' phone James 2771.
C Eddy st., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
] GOOD paying restaurant; whole or half lnter-
! eM. for sale. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
t 850 Market st.
$600 — BAKERY business; estab. years; good
wagon and counter trade; fine opportunity for
baker. Cal. Business Assn., 8C514 Market.
$175 WILL buy a restaurant; good rushing lo-
cation; bargain. Call quick at McBRIDE _ :
CO.'S, TC5 Market St.; phone 3433.
$200 — RESTAURANT; 714 Kearny; worth $800;
new cash register; well furnished; must be
sold. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
$325; PARTNER in chop house: $175 cash;
pay bal. out of business. DECKER, 921 Mkt,
A PERSONAL DEAL — I have $50,000 tied up\
which I am about to lose, but can take up at
once If I had a few thousand dollars more
immediate cash with which to help myself; to
any responsible man who will expend for me
S3000. probably only $2000, without any risk,
I will give $12,500 within ten days; interested
party may expend his own money after intel-
ligent investigation; principals only. Address
BUSINESS EXIGENCY, box 3077, Call.
A GOOD chance for a live man to go into the
wood, coal, hay, grain and general com-
mission business in the lively city of Peta-
luma; a large frontage on the water front,
with all the buildings, acalea, horses,
wagons, etc., for doing a large - business;
right in center of the city: reasons of sell-
ing, other business. Apply to ♦ GEO. W.
JOHNSON & CO.. Petaluma.
GENTLEMAN with banking experience for
good position in interior town; must have
from $5000 to $10,000. Address box 3075.
Call. .
THE finest livery business in the State for
Bale owing to the departure of owner; estab-
lished since 1869; will pay $500 net to com-
petent man. For information and particulars
call or address W. K. CONGER & CO., 1501
Park at., Alameda; phone Grand 176.
A— $275; GROCERY and fruit store doing good
business; In first-class location: 3 living
rooms; rent only $12 50; reason selling party
leaving city: this place must sell. M. A.
BROOKS- 12 Golden Gate ave.
WE finance mining, oil and Industrial enter-
prises, absolutely guaranteeing the Investor;
we sell stocks; agents wanted; write. In-
flustrtal Trust Co.. 60 Liberty at.. New York.
FOR 12000 will sell half interest in manufac-
turing business established 14 yeara and givo
Inside position at ?150 per month. Address
N. M. S.. box 3004, Call office.
49% AVERAGE monthly profit our plan of spec-
ulation during past 4 yeara; particulars on
application; mention ■ paper. HAMMOND &
CO., 21 Park Row. New York.
PARTNER — Milliner with established trade in
good location wishes a partner with experi-
ence and $100. Call Monday or Tuesday at
327 Geary st.
POULTRY farm* thoroughbred stock, incuba-
tors, brooders, machines, etc. 15 Wood st.
north side Point Lobos ave., nr.' Maeonlo ave.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
PARTY with a small stamp mill complete
wishes to Join a mining partner who has a
good gold. mining claim; free milling ore pre-
. f erred; party will agree to place the mill
complete on the mining claim and start in to
crush ore for half-interest in the claim; give
full particulars in first reply of whaf amount
of work haa been done so far and with what
success; also size of claim and where located
and what advantages there are to be had of
timber and water for power, etc. Box 3018,
Call office. -
BRANCH bakery and stationery store; 8 liv-
ing rooms; nicely furnished; rent $17; leaving
the city; must sell at once. 634 Valencia st.
SALOON for sale cheap; long lease; one of the
best paying saloons in the city: a few doors
from Call building. Apply 57 Third at.
THE best proposition on the market for small
or large capital. Call 10 to 4, JAMES
MORSE, 632 Market St., room 5. ■
ESTABLISHED wholesale and retail fruit and
produce business; good location; two teams.
Box 3086, Call office.
$2000 — FIRST-CLASS paying candy atore and
business by ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway,
Oakland. ■:
A — THIRTY cigar stands that net $2 60 to $8
dally. Ask C. L. HEDGES. 462 Parrott bldg.
FOR sale — Restaurant; established in 1889 and
continued under cne management ever since;
good paying business.* For particulars In-
quire Vallejo and S. F. Express, 511 Market.
FOR sale — A first-class candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of sickness.
Apply 304 O'Farrell, bet. Taylor and Mason.
TO let— Front*fctall la Grand Western Market;
suitable for butter, egg and delicacies or
oyster stand. J. H. EGGERS. 1312 Polk st.
HAVE $2OOC ani services to invest in steam
laundry; country preferred. Box 3124, Call.
FOR SALE^ — Established undertaking business
in Oakland. Box C3. Alameda.
FOR Sale — A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located in a Rrowlnt,town. Address
P. O. box 459, Healdsburg, Cal.
GROCERY: well established; sales per year,
$20,000; price $2500 cash. Box 3051. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
18-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $50
Price Only $050 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
. 10 rooms; downtown; clears ?S0 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary...*.. 2100
18 rooms: sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms ; clears *1OO 050
100 rooms; clears $400 ., . 6000
60 rooms; clears $350 .'. 3C00
10 rooms; on Eddy st 750
..MONEY TO IX) AN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A — Near the Call building-.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Pleaee call.
21 r. ; fine location; clears $115 mo $1500
36 r.; splendid, sunny corner that clears. $103
month; on account of sickness owner will
eell for part cash or exchange' for smaller
rooming-house or for real estate $4000
23 r. ; low rent; clears about $00 month.. 600
10 r.; rent $33; clears $35 300
_______________ ■
850 Market st. and 3 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
SPECIAL SALES
104 r. ; low rent, long lease; first-class, modern.
6 r. ; modern flat: rent $40: elegant $650
34 r. ; pri. board. ; let-class loc. ; clears 52OO.WOO
28 r.; rent $125; trans., perm.; flears.../. 150
24 r. ; rent $85; elegant fur., carp 2500
17 r.; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 850
11 r.: Jones residence; nice home 000
CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
A NOTICE — Before buying- a house call on
A. II. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 531.) 006 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
Largest list Lowest price Best terms.
21 rooms; Al location; payments $1000
8 rooma; just listed; good 300
18 rooms; well furnished; bargain 1250
35 rooms; clears $200; exclusive sale.. 3000
Fine flat for rent. Apply at RETSLOFF'S.
10 rooms; best In city; paymenots GOO
The above bargains at RETSLOFF'S only.
A — NOTICE — All buyers of lodging-houses will
nnil it to their advantage to call upon us.
We have grreat many large and small houses
on our books and etand ready to give you
reliable Information and help you with money
at low rate of Interest. WINSTON &*W0LF.
1020 Market; phone Jessie 2211; photograph
gallery entrance.
NEWLY furnished house of 10 rooma and
barn: eleirant home; Just opened; fixed In
suites, with gas stoves: no work to do; all
full; income $100 a month; 4 rooms pay
lent: owner called East un«>XDectedlv; will
give reference: no scents. Box 3073. Call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 705 Market st. — Wo have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying Investigate our list.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city: get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Markt.
$500 — HOUSE. 9 rooma and bath: well fur-
nished; always rented: rent $25; Howard St.,
nr. vThlrd. Address box JJ055, Call office.
A ROOMING-HOUSE. 17 rooms.; rent $30; full
of men; good location; cause sickness; price
$S50. 28^ Clay st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 10 rooms. For
particulars Inquire at 329 O'Farrell st.
25-ROOM house north of Market; must be sold
at once; no agents. Box 3044, Call oftlce.
WANTED — For spot cash, a good house, 15 to
35 rooms; principals only. Box 3092. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Kri., Sun., 8 p. m. ; SOc. 1084 Bush St.
MRS. j". J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY, tf>52 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 10SC— Seances Sun.,
Tues., ,Thurs.. S:15 pin. ; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings. 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
K. Heussmann permanently located 1774 15th,
nr. "Guerrero; cir. Pun. eve., 25c; sit. daily.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance Suii^
day evening, 8 o'clock, SOc. 325 Ellis st.
I'RICE. 137 Hyde. Circle Monday, 7 p. m.
BROCKWAY' S seance to-night, 25c. 1052 Ellis
st., between Franklin and Goush.
PROF. PRICE, M. O., lecturer and life-reader;
palmistry, astrology; new system. 137 Hyde.
MME. THYES, all receive tests; Sun., Tues..
Thurs., 8 p. m., 10c; priv. read. 993 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, &35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
VJMrxrJv^ flfxrL - ja _ _ _ juxj-wfinrtr.jrmnjr^ urn n ji/.n n.n.njin
ONE DOLLAR! I ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. ,
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR . . . .- ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels re-
unites the aeparated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; glvea full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays. /
Reception rooms, 13. 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~ ~ ~~ ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life cbrrectly, gives an accurate de-
Ecrlptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4568.
A— $5 READINGS REDUCED TO 60 CENTS
$10 t'EADINGS REDUCED TO $1. '
This week only;: 4 Wesley Orman, clairvoy-
ant and psychic palmist; I tell you what
you come for or anything you wish to know,
who and when you will marry; I reveal
everything; hours. 10 a. m. to 7:30 p. m •
closed Sundays. 417 Ellis st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is uermanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. • Dallv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coAst:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
" located at'125 Turk st. : readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS. ~*
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants;' no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 607
Kearny st.. parlors 1. 2, S.
A — MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 d. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnned.
A — ISMAR. THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws asldo the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds falL where suc-
cess la possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
eight Into, the future; if you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled- in ■ life, consult Ismar, for she is a
j.rophetess of world-wide .fame, and her name
has become a proverb in thcusands of . homes
made bappy by her aid and advice; Iamar can
be consulted dally from 10 a. in. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m., at her office,
1148 Market st... opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL — Owing to a large number of in-
quiries from country patrona Ismar . wishes to
announce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as In person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
MME. PORTER, •wonderful clairvoyant Sc card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles60c,
gents$l; palnff and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Glosy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to S p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. near 4th.
MRS. RROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 2Ec; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c:
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORV, 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. ZELLA, clairvoyant and card reader;
2Sc and COc. 783^4 Market St. ; bring this ad.
50c and $1— PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
„ or no pay; 25c and SOc. 959 Folsom, cor. 6th.
MRS. MART ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price ?1. SlO'/i Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to '4.07 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names civrn: 25c up. a Fourth st.
A WEEK'S ne,-s for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
lfi par<»i«. In wrarnpr for maillne: SI per year.
CARPET. BEATIJfO AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th st. :tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-clean Ine Co.. 402 Sutter'st.;
. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaninr: laying; clean-
ing or. floor. Phone Mint 301; 823 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170.T Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, Msr.. 3S-40 Sth st. : tel. South 230.
J. 13. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th pt.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor. 910 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
1!H; able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SB. COR. Steiner .and Bush — Pretty modern
cottage, 6 rooms and bath; large yard; rent
reduced. For particulars MADISON &
BURKE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage, 5 rooms
and bath. 2S21 Bush st.
DENTISTS.
A^^R?^.~iT~iUGGINs7~$Z7~*lafket St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
Ings, $1; gold and porcelain cror.'ns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, - $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st.
ELl-XTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOO Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty: gold
crowns. $3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, !) a. m. to 0 p. m.; Sundays,
» to 'i. J. "SV. TiIATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $.1 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full Bet: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, S3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. "F.; painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists. 0C9 Mission. SE. cor. Cth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Paln-
less ext., 60c; plates ?5 up; phone Polk- 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
££ EDWARD N. '"" LEAVYT~canine
late of New York City, has Just located at
i>0C Jones st.. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
, SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts.; 15-wcek courses, beginning January 0;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5.
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes In algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
■ political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary.
HEALD'S- SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st.,S. F. ;
catalogue free.
, AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
, spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
: HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining.
; engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
• A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
i ~ school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowlng? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
i ' PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g: figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
'; CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
; new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin at.
1 MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
. ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.meclvsur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
! der Nalilen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
i ACTING— Hallett School; Harry Gates, eminent
■ actor, specially engaged; winter term opening
January, 1002. Alcazar Theater building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1230 Market st.
ACTING— Hallett School; Mr. Harry Gates,
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
lng January. Alcazar Theater building.
LADYa with 12 years' experience Is prepared
to take 6 or 6 pupils in piano at their own
I home. Address . 1617 Devlsadero st ■
COMPETENT lady piano teacher; gives lessons
j reas.; easy method. 847 Halght; tel. Page C5.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
! Ital. meth.; concert & oratarlo. Iftl7 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
• teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
, VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
! pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
' ED PC ATI ON AL— Con t Inneil.
MISSION Business Colleere. | Excelsior Hall,
bet. 19th and 20th, opena Jan. 0.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary at.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night claaa. 424 Pine at.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post at., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. ; 85 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooka
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI.
NOSHITA, 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE] and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment' Of-
* flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush at.; tel. Bush 816.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutteritel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child deslrea alt-
uation;< good cook and house worker; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress desires situ-
ation; best city reference. MISS CULLEN,
826 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS trained nurses, having best
physicians' references, wish situations. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Position as managing housekeeper
or important position in refined family; city
references. Address, for one week,- House-
keeper. 262S Folsom St.. city.
CHILDREN'S clothes and ladles' underwear
made very neatly at 1% Morrell st., between
Hyde and Larkin, off Pacific; please bring
your sewing.
WANTED — Position as second girl in private
family. Address 2U0 Thirteenth st.
WANTED — By refined widow, with girl 12
years old, position as housekeeper; thorough
and competent. Box 3039. Call.
LADY wishes cleaning or chamber work by the
day. 1920 Market Et.
FIRST-CLASS cook and housekeeper wants
charge of students' club 1st of January.
Box 3078, Call office.
LADY from East wishes housework in small
family; no children. Apply 114 Seventh st.
A STRONG woman wants work by the day.
washing, ironing or house-cleaning; 91 25 a
day. Box 3084. Call.
COMPETENT young woman wishes position
a B housekeeper. Box 3085. Call.
A GOOD competent cook wishes position In
private family; thoroughly understands her
business. Please call 157 Erie, nr. Folsom.
PIANO teacher (lady) will give lessons for
the use of piano to practice on three hours
a few days in the week or evening. M. C,
box 3023. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress on dressmaking and
home sewing wishes engagements. MRS.
CATTS, 853 Vi Myrtle St., room 31, Oakland.
Al BOOKKEEPER (d. e.). and typewriter;
lady, 8 years' experience," first-class refer-
ences, desires permanent position; salary
moderate. Box 3087, Call office.
WANTED — By Canadian Protestant woman,
situation In small family; good cook. Call
at 103 Eighth at. ■
rRESPECTA_LE German woman with 2
children (9 and 2>i years old),, wants posi-
tion In a good family In the country; ex-
perienced cook; understands nursing and
general housework; also washing; small
wages; wants good home; best references.
MRS ABEL, 717 Howard, bet. 3d and 4th.
WANTED — Experienced waitress and chamber-
* maid would like situation In plain country
hotel; $15 to $20 per month and board of
8-year-oid child; competent to take entire
charge of dining-room. Address MRS. A.
STRONG, St. Helena, Cal. .
DRESSMAKING and ail kinds of sewing at
reasonable rates by the day or at home.
313 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Position for housework: Oakland
preferred; wages $20. Box 2375, Call office.
Oakland.
COMPETENT youn* woman with a child de-
slres situation; capable of managing room-
ing-house,' hotel or cooking for men; highest
references. MRS. B. B., 304 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Position to do light housework and
plain sewing by lady of refinement, with lit-
tle daughter; good home desired more than
wages. Box 3047. Call.
YOUNG French .girl, cannot apeak English,
wishes a situation for general housework.
Address 304 Montgomery ave. •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, ready for
admission to the bar, deslrea position; law
office preferred; salary nominal. Box 3082,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman ffnd valet; neat ap-
pearance, sober, willing and obliging; expert
horseman and driver; fine all-round man; best
city references. M. M., 832 fission st., city.
YOUNG man, 28, sober, energetic and not
' afraid of work, desires position In office or
warehouse: hardware, business preferred;
salary no object; references. Box 3126, Call.
GOOD jobbing carpenter wishes employment;
mill, factory or ranch; strict non-drinker.
Box 3072. Call.
CANDY helper wants temporary situation;
small wages. Box 3033, Call.
FIRST-CLASS paperhangcr and painter wants
work; city or country; has tools. Box 3032,
Call office.
"FIRST-CLASS gardener, competent and reli-
able, wants situation. Address box 3031, Call.
WANTED — Position on ranch as working man-
ager by competent farmer and fruit grower
and having help; small salary with advan-
tages: shares or would lease If suitable. Box
3030. Call office. -
MIDDLE-AGED man wants to do light chores
on private place, or small ranch, city or
country; small pay; has good references. Box
3022, Call office.
MAN wants place as housekeeper, janitor or
gardener-, city or country; experience 20
years; best refs. Address box 3029. Call.
REGISTERED assistant druggist, not afraid
of hard work, wishes situation. . Address
box COSO, Call. . ■ -
BAKER, cake and bread; long experience and
steady. Address J. DOUGLAS, 822 Howard
at., room 11.
HOTEL manager (American), 15 years' experi-
ence in first-class houses, would like to se-
cure a position; unquestionable references
furnished covering entire period; also bond;
salary can be based upon results. Box 3091.
Call office.
YOUNG man, 22, wishes situation as porter or
packer in wholesale house; no experience.
Address J. HURSON. 18 Hayea st
A TRAVELING salesman with 10 years' ex-
perience in California and well acquainted
with the trade desires one or two good lines
on commission; best " reference. Box 3151.
Call office.
HOTEL man, long experience, steady and up-
right, first-class references, wants a position
of any kind for a few months, where hla
services will pay hla ordinary expenses. Ad-
dresa box 3015. Call office.
A YOUNG Englishman, 23 years old and of
good character and appearance, would like
a position In store or drive delivery wagon.
Box 8062. Call office.
MALE professional nurse from Denver wants
situation ; best of references; will go any
place. Box 3063. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an all-round ma-
chinist; tools and dyes; city or country.' Box
30CO, Call office.
BY a competent man a aituatlon aa fireman
to atatlonary boiler or night watchman;- in
or near city. Address I. H. P., 425 Tehama.
YOUNG man (21), with experience in butcher
business wishes position ;" small wages to
start. Box 3016. Call office.
A MAN and wife want to take care of ranch
: or private place; good references. " Box
3017, Call office. y K -'_
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
liable young man of 20. salaried position.
$75; six years' experience 1 In office ,work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received »t Call hranch office. ?200 Flllmo— » at.
FINANCIAL.
'COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
. financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices; good . propositions wanted: gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post at.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address .main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building" Co.— New series of
ahares now open; pays Interest and dividends;
a reliable paying Investment. 39 Nevada Blk.
WANTED— $7000 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market: thorough, good business
proposition; < investigate. -■ Box 3149. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
OAK. 1909— Flat to let and furniture f or^ Bale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings,
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements,
looking out on park; rent $37 30; can be seen
between 11 and 3 olclock. .
ELEGANT new flats; sunny side B^f£ a r a . n j
near Pine: rent reasonable. Q. B. UMBSEN
& CO.
JUST completed; middle and upper moto
flats. 8 rooms and bath each. ISM- 1 !^ P<»t
at.; very eunny.. Apply MADISON A BURKE.
A— NEW, elegant, opposite park. 6 rooms, por-
celain baths, social room, nice yards, large
basements; Sixth ave.. near Fulton at.
NEW upper flat. 8 rooms and finished »«lc;
elegant location, view and grounda; N.w.
cor. Waller., bet. Pierce and Steiner.
TO let — Modern flat of 7 large rooms and bath:
$25 and water. 2036 San Joae ave., Ala-
meda; inquire at 2038. .
POLK, 630, bet. Turk and Eddy— Modern mld-
dle flat, 6 rooms; rent $35; no children.
FIFTH ave:, 725%, Richmond— 3 rooma aulta~
ble for dwelling or atore^ yard? rent $8.
MODERN, 7 rooms: furniture for sal» reason*
able. ■ Address box 8067. Call office. .
$27 60— NEW modern flat of 7 rooms, bath,
basement and yard. 4034 18th. near Castro.
O'FARRELL, 1935— Modern flat, 6 sunny
rooms; bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
SHRADER. 729, near Waller— Elegant upper
flat 9 sunny rooms; rent $35. *'
SCOTT, 3 — Sunny corner flat, 7 rooms, bath;
facing Duboce Park; marine view; $35.
TO let— Elegant large lower flat. 2863 Wash-
ington st.. bet. Scott and Devlsadero.
1217 FELL st.. near Devlsaderc— Sunny upper
flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent re— sonable.
$16 — FIVE sunny large rooms, upper flat. 127
Page, between Qough and Octavia.
FLATS JO LET FURXISHED.
FURNISHED fiat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
6 o'clock. 79 South Park. . . ., -
A FLAT of 5 or 6 rooms, all newly furniahed;
modern Improvements. 38 McAllister st.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, - 1
year, with reference. Box 3047. Call office.
FURNISHED flat of 6 corner rooms; all sunny.
1500 Jones st.. corner Jackson.
$25 — 1517 GOLDEN GATE: middle floor, fur-
nished; 4 rooms, bath; piano; garden. 1 to 4.
FLATS WANTED.
"WANTED — A clean, modern flat of 4 or 5 rooms
(furnished preferred); lease or by the month;
responsible party. O. M. ROSEJTDALE. 503
California at., city. .
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable.
Painter. 502 Stanyan St.; phone Park 15.
FilUMTlRE FOR SALE.
4 R00M3 furnished In oak, $43 50, with No. T
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE and carpets for sale cheap; near-
ly new. 16 Montgomery ave., top floor.
PARTLY furnished G-room flat for sal« chea.pt
rent *i3. 6i>^i Geary st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1133 Market.
_ ______
CHRISTMAS present — DanlchefC glove order;
factory price guar.; kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 private boarding-house cooks,
$30; man and wife for ranch, see party here.
$40; head Waitress, $20; 8 chambermaids,
wait 1 meal~$20; 2 nurseglrls, $20; 5 second
girls, $20, $25; 7 restaurant -waitresses, $7,
fS week: chamberwork and sewing. Institu-
tion, $17 50; housework. 3 in family. $30;
. maid and ateamstress for lady, $25; gov-
erness, $25; cook, small restaurant, $30;
cook and second girl, same house. $25 and
$20; 50 girls for housework, city and coun-
try, $25. Apply to J. F. CaOSETT & CO.,
834 t Sutter St. V
WANTED— Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSIXG COLLEGE teaches you In 2
weeks hairdresslng, manicuring, massage,
shampooing; entire course $5; eve. classes;
positions guaranteed ;' more calls for help than
we can fill. College. 233 Geary St., r. 13-15.
ASSISTANT cashier and wrapper in first-class
shoe store; must be quick and neat; steady
position; good salary; more If a typewriter;
state experience, if any. Box 3129, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on white and fancy
shirts; . also a limited number of Inexperi-
enced will be taken for Instruction. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and Grov.j sts.
CALIFORNIA College of Hairdreselng and
Massage; leading school of the West; prepares
young ladles for the latest and most profit-
able profession for women: full course $5.
Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkin st. ; take
elevator; visitors welcome.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted, thoroughly compe-
tent, to take charge; not over 33 years old;
small family; references ; required. Box
S019. Call office. -
$12 WEEKLY for copying letters home; either
Bex. Send two stamps for particulars. Eagle
Mfg. Co., 50 Dearborn St., Chicago, 111.
GIRL for general housework; family of 4; good
wages. Apply between 10 and 4 to-day. 1480
Page st.
WANTED — Competent infant's nurse; must
sleep home. Call at 1709 Baker st. between
the hours of 10 and 12 a. m.; references.
A GIRL to do light housework in Alameda; 2
In family; good home; references; $2 a. week.
Box 2006, Call office.
GOOD plain cook and assist with housework;
wages $25 per month. Call between 9 and 12
o'clock, Monday, at 2556 Post St.
WANTED — Young lady to keep books and tend
store; one who understands typewriting pre-
ferred. Address box 3080, Call office.
"WANTED — An experienced stenographer; ap-
ply between 10 and 11 a. m.. Monday. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 918-922 Market St.
GOOD trustworthy baker, either sex- prefer-
ably forenoons: new home bakery. Box 3024,
Call office. ■
WOMAN for general housework; $15: refer-
ences. Apply between 10 and 12. two days.
at 328 Halght st.
GIRL for general housework; small flat; three
In family; wages $12. 426 Frederick at., bet.
Cole and Shrader.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands on
coats and suits. X IV1NGSTON BROS.. 123
Post st.
WANTED — Infant's nurse; references required.
Apply Monday morning at 2330 Washington.
CO MORE experienced silk shirt waist hands;
permanent work. JUDA BROS., 820 Market.
GIRL to do housework; 2 in family; good
home; wages $12. 8675 Jackson at., nr. Maple.
GIRL for light housekeeping; small family.
Mill Valley. Room 506. 927 Market at.
WANTED — Young lady to work in book bind-
ery. Union Lit ho. Co., 325 Sansome at.
NURSE for baby; $20 per month; must be well
recommended. ■ 22S Tenth ave.
MILLINERY apprentleea. Apply 723 Market
at., third floor.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; $20; at
8332 Clay st. ,
A FEW young girls to aew on buttons. BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Banaome at. . /
GIRL for general houaework; $20; references.
Call mornings or after 4 p. m.. 2967 Howard.
EXPERIENCED -help for dressmaking: <■»''
Monday. 912 Larkin st,
WANTED — A good steamatress. 1026 Hyde
at., upstairs. : -
A REFINED lady to travel; references re-
quired. Box 8028, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hand and machine trbners at
the Standard Shirt Factory, Gough and
Grova sts. , .
— 0
OPERATORS at Lev! Utrausa * Co.'s Overall
Factory. 82V4 Fremont at.; no experience
ShTdaviP 0 * P * y§ " eadT work * AppIy u
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Goueh
and Grove sts. . •
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right mr.
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED operators on- children's hats-
beginners taught; good wages. BAUER
BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome at. MUER
EXPERIENCED tuckers and finishers on la-
e nsome at tS " BAUER BROS. CO., 21
WA SJ, ED ~^ ood or Swedish girl or
middle-aged woman for general h™,.l:,;
in family of two; no wash- e_y „?£•"__
good home. 105 Grove st P M *° d
\
HELP WANTED— FEMALE — Cow. |
WANTED — A first-class stenographer and
typewriter; hours. 8 a. m. to ft p. m. Ad-
dresa box 3128. Call office.
COLLAR rubbers wanted; $8 60 per week; Sat-
urday afternoon off. United States Laundry.
Sixteenth and Valencia ata.
SLEEVE Ironers wanted. United State* Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia ata.
WANTED— Respectable, intelligent, unlncum-
bered American woman for general work on
a chicken ranch. Addreea. atatlng pay ex-
pected. box 3123. Call office. .
YOUNO girl or woman; take care of two chil-
dren; wages $10. Call 2216 Steiner at., be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— A good dreeamalce* for steady
place; also 1 plain sewer. Apply T84 Howard.
EXPERIENCED abeepakla glovemaken on m».
chine. F. Q. ConXlln & Co., 413 Sacramento.
REFINED young woman take entire charge
boy ten yeara; referenoea. Box 8121. Call. .
OIR— — wanted — Bookblndery. C36 Clay at.
EXPERIENCED presaers and foldera on negll-
gee ahlrta. LOWBNBERQ A CO., 27 Jesila.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 FlUmora st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia at. ■
HELP WASTED MALE. V j
MURRAY A RBADT Phone Main 5844 «
..Leading Employment and labor Agents..
...634-638 Clay Street
OPEN T A. M
6 young men to work on fruit ranch, 120 and
found: 3 pruners. long Job. $30 and found: 8
- farm hands; 5 plow teamsters, $30 and found;
S choremen and choreboy; choremaa for Tine-
yard, south; milker; buttermaker; foreman
for fruit ranch; furnace man for mine. $65
and house: sash weight molders; paperhang-
ers. $3 day: 2 machinists: ahlngle packer and
sawyer. $65: 8 mor» woodchoppers on blgr Job.
75o to $2 BO cord, cheap fare, level ground;
10 tlem&kera, 8c to 14c each.
HOTEL* ETC
Cook and wife, private boarding-house, near
city, $50 and found: cook and helper, hotel.
$50 and found; cook. 15 boarders. $30; cook,
country hotel. «40; waiter, city restaurant.
|35 and found; waiter, French hotel, coun-
try. $30 and found; 6 waiters, other places;
baker, country ahep. $33 and found; dlah-
waahers, kitchen hands, etc.
MURRAY - READY. 634-838 Clay at.
AT W. D. EWER _ CO.'S, 610 Clay at.
To-day (Sunday) bet 10 _nd _ noon— Cook
and wife, small hotel, near city. $30 and far*
paid; cook and dlshwaaher. boardlns-houso.
country. $35 and $15. ■
AXDRE'S office. 818 Stockton at. — Sho*m_ker»
repairs, $12 a week; butler, city. $43; mar-
ried man for orchard work, eta, $43; cook.
plain hotel. $40; pantryman $23; 8 joang
men for farm work. Sonoma County, $23, etc.
WANTED — Me» who axe now engaged In rep-
resenting; wholesale tailoring- firms and who
have been successful in the line; the very
largest wholesale tailoring concern In the U.
8. will give such men an opportunity to r_ak»
more money than they are making at the
present time; the very best sample equipment,
such as woolens on consignment, swatche*.
etc., ■will be furnished; branch stores ■will b«
opened without requiring Investment of th»
salesman t salaries guaranteed to right par-
ties; good salesmen will find this their op-
portunity. Address A. H. NICOLL, Lock
Box 529. Chicago. 111.
WANTED — Person In each, county to> represent
established bouse, solid financial standing;
bona flda weekly cash salary $13 paid each I
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters: money advanced for ex penaes;
Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope.
Manager. 329 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
RELIABLE Cleveland house wants bright man
aa traveling salesman, general mercantile
trade; energy, business ability, and sales-
manship; will make position permanent. Box
52. Cleveland. Ohio.
"WANTED — Elderly German to work la small
country hotel, take care 1 horse and milk 1
cow; wages $10 per month. Address box
8041. Call office.
CIVIL aervlce Government positions; »889 ap-
pointments last year; probably 10.000 this
year; common school education required for
examination; information free. Columbian
Correspondence College. Washington. D. C
YOUNG men atudy illustrating by mall under
D. McCarthy, caricaturist; write for frea
lesson circular. National School of Carica-
ture. 87 "World bldg.. New York.
WANTE_» — Gentleman with acquaintance with
better class to handle special proposition.
Call Monday 10 to 12, r. 43. S19 Market st.
SPECIALTY salesman to sell retail trade; very
attractive proposition; good territory for
1802. The Elyslan Mfg. Co., Detroit, - Mich.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman for com-
ing year; good pay; permanent position to
hustler. Address box S14, Chicago.
"WANTED— 2 men to clear brush land; Nap*
County; 20 acres. $10 per acre. Apply gro-
cery atore. 1071 Howard at.
BOY about ' 16 years old for general work In
ladles' tailoring esetabliahment. A. KAHX,
142 Gear** st.
TRAVELING salesman for aelllng retail trade;
good territory for 1902. Elyslan Mfg. Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
ELDERLY practical gardener, moderate wages.
short distance country. Box 3038. Call.
STRONG, active boy for good office Job; refer-
ence required. Box 6021. Call office.
ASSISTANT wanted In drug store. Box 8020.
Call office.
"WANTED — Flrat-class pastry baker. Ill Taj-
lor s_
JOB compositor. PERNATJ, 343 Clay st.
ERRAND boys wanted. GREENBERO &
QRBSNBERQ. 81-83-33-37 Grant ave.
A GOOD bread foreman. 01134 Larkin st.
WANTED — A liquor aalesman for this city
who can give bonds; state aalary expected
and present trade. Address Energy, box
3014. Call office.
WANTED — Young men from 17 to 20 year*
thoroughly acquainted with wrapping and
shipping department; references required
Answer by letter box 3067, Call office.
"WANTED — A first-class stenographer and type-
writer; hours S a. m. to 6 p. m. Address
box 3131. Call office.
A— $125; STEADY man as partner in good pay-
lng business; will pay $20 a week. 88 Third.
"WANTED — Driver solicitor for dyeing and
cleaning works. 1643 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Boy for ateady position. Address.
stating age, box 8066.. Call office.
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; age 18 years.
Apply 7 to 9, 633 Mission st. J
1ST-CLASS Jewelry clerk for wholesale bouse;
must be experienced. Address box 3O6S. Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, TJ.
S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 83- not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch; able to apeak and read EngUah. Tor
Si^ 11 *'^}?^, 1^- 1 * 101 * * pply •* th * Recruttln*
Office. 40 gills st.. Ean^Franclsco.
LAROH boy to work in candy factory; steady
£-11. BLUM'S confectionery, corner Polk and
Butter sts. l *• •"■_ ,
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and puahi
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON!
room 412. Parrott building. '
TOUNO man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at 8. F. Barbe|^oUege. T41A HoiJS-
TO BeVe'nih^lTn^Ma7ke'. 0P>t '* CrlflC *- ™
W tt£7v%~£ J £? Tt ?2 and m echanlcs to know
1 55 Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
%5LJ*?Z' ie House ' 2J 7 """» •t.riW'lajge
rooma; 23o per night; $1 to $3 per week.
le ,* m b *. rber trad e: b-bers „ de-
S2?n-!? nl3 L_* ul n?J S wwk »: t<»l» donated;
L_Glf a 63- r ciay M .g IJ:R ' a BARBER COL "
131 ! £ arber "Sop. cigar atand. for
sale; sickness. 800 Oolden Gate ave.
M S£ N A, LD * PE ?R* b"e M0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third at.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
8^£ ORS \ J . 0rd J nary ' for snl P 9 'or »» Parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart *U
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
SOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard at., nr. Sth.
P hil S1 5 N . *" y - E - A " Bullls - 3 - «>' Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
G ?JiJS Ur R s Ji°V, hs »lf-soled while waiting; 23o
to SOc B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
W w CH >E STER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A^? ANCH offlc « for Call advertisemetta and
■ubscriptlbns has been established at 1098
Valencia at. /
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all acalp irritations positively '
cured, ladles or gentlemen, by medicated - 1
massage treatment: consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 89( 139 Post.
HYPNOTISM. I -
HYPNOTIC magnetic Institute; dlseues. habits
cured; lessons given. Dr. Oo_rad, fOrant ave.# HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
;^^^^u5^o?b^^
ar U^lL a a»e A^
WELL-BROKEN, gentle, etyllsn, sound siddU
hors© 5 years old; also broken teTh.^1- 6
Nob Hill Stables. 2018 Polk sT h *f un -
HORSES— 100 head to select from- good sln^;
OXE second-hand undertaker's wairon ««. '
horse truck, one 12-passeng e r Jarria^e. Tap"
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth B t^^ CAR "
*°2»_?? N " E y° un S. mules for sale or «thiu.«.'
SScwES. 1 " 1 "* 1 Lockfort - «• a! £ roo'SS;
BOUSES TO LET.
_ gggggS^WAyTEP^ PTR.fHHED.
W^Sf I V' Imm * 4ia ' te!> '- furnish** houM or
flat for 2 months; family of 4; north^fSut.
[ ter and ea«t of Flllmor* Box SOifr Call
_^ PRI>TING.
"J CARDS. $1; rood stock; new tree mo*
f.ae work. ODELL P. CO.. 73 Fourth st~
LOST AND FOUXD.
£5 REWARD— Lost, Saturday, scarf pin. cats-
e ? e K? X h ro £",? ed by 8ma11 diamonds : vicinity
«,^h ♦ mor S' McAm « er sts. Return to
J)W Hush ft. and receive above reward.
1>OST— Silver buckle attached to silk belt be-
tween Washington and Bush sts.. or Butter
and Lacuna; ; buckle a cupld head with letters
**■ B. If delixered «t 1723 Sutter st-. reward.
LOST— December 27, about 7:45 p. m., leather
opera bag. containing pair of pearl and gold
opera glasses. Finder please return to 1324
■jcary st. ; suitable reward.
LOST — In Western Addition, one breastplate
ana traces for harases; reward. Return to
}■ rederlckrburg Bottling Co.. 1510 Ellis st.
L-OST— Christmas eve. corner of Geary and j
• Kearny sts. or McAllieter-st. car. Japanese :
• loth purse, with silver chain and Ivory !
figure. CQjitaininr keys, card and money In :
rmaller purse; liberal reward. Box 3034. Call. '
LOST— Heart-shaped gold brooch pin going
from Twenty-eighth and Dolores to Folsom
and Fifth gts. Reward at El'g California st.
— Pair of opera glasses; reward. Return !
to 1447 Valencia st.
LOST— Christmas eve. pair of gold lorgnettei
inscribed "Zoe"; valued as keepsake. Return
to 2S1 Locust ave.; reward.
COR. Polk and O'Farrell uts.. ink well with
monogram top; return; reward. 60 First st.
S."> REWARD for return of brown and white
English setter dog to 2721 Clay Et.
LOST — Black and white cocker epaniel named
Fanny; reward. €26 California et.
LOST — Diamond heart, pear shaped, ruby cen-
ter; liberal reward. Box 3065, Call office.
510 REWARD— Odd shaped pearl stud In en-
velope marked 732 Market 6t •
LOST— Lady's open-face gold watch; C. A. M.
on tack; full name and date Inside; No. 7046;
liberal reward. R. W. DAVIS. 34S Sutter Et. j
LOST— Red wallet, Sunday. Dec. 22: liberal re- i
ward If returned. F. P. TAYLOR, 322 Pine.
IT wili pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
EXSIGX Machine Work*. 415% Sacramento st,
bullus models and experimental machinery; j
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES l«» PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and setrilized. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My ,
medicines neve been used for many years by !
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate casts have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice en all subjects of a deli-
cate tiax.-ire: «U classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market St.. cpp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity. Berlin. In midwifery cases: take* ladies
before and during confinement; best of care; i
confinement. $16; room and board, $5; Infants
adopted; wili take two to work at my private
residence.©*) Guerrero, nr. ISth: tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; aome before and/durtng confinement;
infants adopted. 410 OTarrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL. Epeclailst. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy et., near
Taylor, fcnroily of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided: office
hours 30 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
JjRs! d! GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. 1U-
ternlty Home. S06 Market Et. opp. Fourth.
HIXDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home; home j
In confinement. 1126 Market st, S. F. _ j
i:RS. D. ALLEN. I1JS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical carej low fees.
LADY patrons — Dr. Rosen, res. 1349 Alabama
*t, 3<ar 26th; avoid delay; same low fees.
DR. >tg TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st, opposite
•Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
A BIG snap to get a good mine; must be sold
in a few days; rock will go from $5 to $540
r>er ton; large ledge, good hoist and every-
thing complete: any terms to suit purchae<r
• who will mean business. Apply to ALDEN
CO.. HIS Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Half grub stake for half Interest In
rich prospect in SE. Alaska by two parties
of good references who ., know country
thoroughly. Box 3115. Call.
MISCIiLLAXEOtS — FOR SALE.
BOILEB.S. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS sells or rent* gear, machinery, en-
plnes, boilers, water plp*s. shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2.%3-'J55 Sp*ar st. I
I LOT 2d-hand pipe, all siz^s; cheap; also new j
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
8. WHITE, 510-520 Mission st.
CENTS black suits for mourners rented for
S2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
St.. upstairs.
STEAM launch RomoU: length SO ft.; beam
6 ft. 4 in. ; Epeed 10 miles. J. W. Henderson.
boathouse near Webster-st. bridge. Oakland.
.ilACHINERY— All kinds bought and sold;
>:•:-*?■» stock sJways on hand. J. C. BAKER,
410 Third gt., Oakland.
YOUNG Yorkshire terrier. 2 Angora W«en»;
nice presents; reasonable and well bred.
:g!3 Clay gt. .
X'—t3 &O DERBY and Fedora hats, fl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
j5LA<^K£MITH shop to lease; tools for cale;
snap, inquire S24 Sixteenth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale— A complete view outfit. 6%x8^.
AddrSTbox 2370. Call office, .Oakland.
FOR £ ALB— Gasoline engines; motors fitted
to anyblcycfe. J. NIELAND. 1728 Bryant.
OLD Schweltzer-Molln. 1815, worth S250. only
*«0. Portland Loan Office. 2» Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond fairings, $22 60. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
►2C-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Mlsflt Parlors. S3 Stockton at.
■IVALLPAPER, 8c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIQAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1SZ1.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all n»ke B v,at l? w
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. »
WSCELLACTSOPS — -FOR S/ nE — C ?' > .'*
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. B. DOAK. 386 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 138 Beale St. '
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 210 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny et , rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poet «t
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Dental chair. Columbia or Wllker-
»n; rood condition: cbeap tor cash. Box 3061.
Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Add/ess at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTOJf wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrlca.1 goods. 154 9th St. ; tel. Kolsom 252i.
LADIES & gents' good 2u-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsonv.tel.FolsomllOl.
BIO prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN~MURPHY?
$4,600,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life Interests in estates
Property bei ns: held In trust
Undivided interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AJb — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at GH & 6 per cent In sum* to suit;
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase ilovf securities. Tel. Red S024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker big.
ANT > MOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before dolnsr business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor, Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow meney on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant av.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black S471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and en
: furniture cr pianos without removal; any
! amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 %o 8.
BECKER & CO., 927 Market St.. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1CD3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtain
I liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries^ Roods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormeby, 26 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3 Conservatory bldp.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
Ftcnra. antiques and curios bought. The Old
; Curic«itr Store. 116 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
, ANY amount on country property by private
i party at g>0 Wals worth ave., Oakland.
i S% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up: no re-
moval: open evenings. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal:' no
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dls-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
. strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any Eecurity. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agcy., 143 Phelan big.
LOANS' money on 6alary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 3O9 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WAXTEdT
FOR $150 will pay $200; guaranteed weekly
payments of $5; Investigate. Box 3090, Call.
j $200 WANTED on realty security outside city;
' Interest accordingly. Box 3130. Call.
MUSICAL INSTKUMEXVS.
A GOOD thing to remember — We are not
conducting a "fake" sale of pianos nor sell-
Ing- ror less than cost; neither are we giv-
ing piancs away for the rake of getting them
out of the hou£«; no reliable or honest firm
Aoen, or claims to do any of these things.
1 If you want a good piano at a reasonable
price, we have Just what you want as you
can find out by calling. You can select
from Wissner, Decker & Son, Baumelster,
Steger cr Singer. . Payments accepted if you
do not care to pay cash. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIQ CO.. 769 Market St.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co., sole
agents most famous and oldest American
. makes; ea*y payments: big allowance for old
; pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased; our
new building and hall will be completed be-
fore March 1st: we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; among them are all
the standard makes from $20 up to $350;
i open evenings during this sale; agents want-
ed everywhere for the Peerless Heine and
our entire line. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary et.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
taiy payments of $6 per month; some good
piancs for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Stemway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
; EOHME& & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pisnoe.
SPIELMANX Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLATER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. S08-310-312 Po?t et
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from S55 up.
Second-hand cquare pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from S25 up; new upright
T'«nos from $175 up. BEN'J. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin orpin. $oo; Stelnway
equare. $100; elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $270; Bech-
rteln baby rrand. almost new. BOWERS &
SON, 23 Fifth St.: IVERS & POND, Agents.
ANY piano 6oid by us taken back any tlms
witb'.n 2 years and full purchase price al-
1c«'ed en a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OTarreU
n. : established 1S5CL
A STECK. Everett, Hardman, Ludwig, Pack-
nrd, Kingsbury or Smith & Barnes piano
can only be bought from THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 903 Market st. Popular prices!
Easy terms!
OT.'H pinner-, the leading makers; price $100
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A — SLAUGHTER sale of storage pianos; dirt
cheap. WILSOX'S Storage, 1710 Market st
FOR sale — Upright Fischer piano; cheap for
cash. Address box 2377, Call, Oakland.
PARTY called. East Is forced to sacrifice large
new $500 upright grand piano. 543 Turk st.
—^—— — — — — — — — — — — — .— —
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition,
$75: Erard upright Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE*S.« 22 Turk st, near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert .and Stelnway bargains.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE modern store; 120 feet deep, with base-
ment full length; 429 Bush st, opposite Cal-
ifornia Hotel; runs to rear street VON
RHEIN Real Estate Co., CIS California st
PACIFIC. 328 — Handsome large store, cheap;
also 804 Sansome st. : reduced $10.
STORE, 1043 Guerrero st; fixtures; three liv-
ing rooms.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all'
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 51U Mission st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
PALMISTRY.
O. L. Neergaard, president Et Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. TOO Post; phone Hyde 2838.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, sclentlflo palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet Geary and Post; tel.Black 561.
FARTXHRS WANTED. ~~
WANTED — Lady as partner In delicatessen
•tore or grocery by man who bu been In
business 10 years. Address box 8012, Call.
PEHSOMALS. • ■
ABOUT your hali: — To restore "gray and faded
hair to natural color, curs dandruff, stop
falling and grow new hair, The Star Hair
Remedy is" superior to all other tonics and
. restoratives. It Is clean and healthful. Is not j
gummy or sticky: no grease, no stain ; never
falls. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our
office. 385 Geary st.. The Star Remedy Co.
LISTEN! Don't buy over $20 suits; the quality
and workmanship ts high-priced; any suit or
overcoat in house to order $20; no more, no
less; any style. MASTEN. The Tailor, 701
Geary st.. corner Lcavenworth.
AN elegant lln« of remnants for suits to order,
$16; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other «ulU on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEM08. 1117 Market
et. between Seventh and Eighth.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $5 all-
wool pants; It's what you get for what you
pay They are world-beaterB; best value on
earth; made to order. MASTEN. The Tailor,
701 Geary St.. corner Leavenworth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
lit by using Standard Patterns; Dec patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVAN8,
Domestic office, 1021 Market at, near Sixth,
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electric
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1263 California st. j
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry."
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, .silk portieres; dealer In
c&rpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. 700 Fifth. Oakland.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng, manicuring, shampoo-
Ing etc, at moderate prices In America's
best-appointed parlors. TJie "BON-TON."
' 324 Post st.; switches at bargain prices.
LETTUCE lotion and Almondlne Skin Food
are the only reliable wrinkle removers: fac-
ial massage a specialty. MME. FISHER,
502% Ellis st.
DON'T 6uffer; Colxa Powder for headaches and
neuralgic pains; never fails: send 10c for
sample; workers wanted. Colza Mfr Co.,
Frultvale, Cal.
EHAMPOOING, BOc; wrinkles removed, 60c;
halrdresslng, any style, 26c: only the best
switches, $1. $1 60. *2. G. LEDERER. 123
Stockton st . |
ANTIQUE jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best thing's In ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO., 166 Pth.
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per-
sonal" advertisements marriageable people,
many rich, mailed free. J.W.Gunnels, Toledo.O.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double «2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1*12 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
ALL hair and scalp diseases cured, hair grown,
gray restored; shampooing unexcelled. MRS.
E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny and 47 Post.
YOUR fortune told; everything revealed: send
dime and birthday. J. MYERS, 105 Lincoln
Park Station, Chicago.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1110 Sutter st
PRIVATE detective. work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
GOOD home open for a healthy boy baby. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1116 Eighth st.. Alameda.
A — V1DA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 7C3 Valencia et.. corner 10th.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedy;
testimonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary. S. F.
Mrs Brigtrs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. P68 Sutter: tel.Larkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, "wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 .10; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the beet corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggist?.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlpticns has been established at 1004
Valencia st.
I'ATKVM AND FEXSIOXS.
PENSION advice free: general practitioner.
Gro. D Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
I'HYSICIAXS AA'M SUIIGEOXS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-7G6 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXQ AMJ TfKXINCi MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 05 Fremont
~~~ PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — To rent, a large vineyard or or- |
chard. Address H. S.. box 3053. Call office.
fc-aWIKG MAC-HIMSS AXD SUl'FLHSS.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 203 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
T-'airinK: lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 Cth.
dividend notices.
califounTa~safe deposit and trust
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901, dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deDoslts at
the rate of 3 C-10 per cent per annum, and |
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
i after Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividend*
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prln--
; clpal from and after January 1, 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, 101 Mont-
gomery st. corner of Sutter — The board of
directors declared a dividend for the term
ending December 31, 1001, at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) Per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay*
< able on and after January 2, 1902. Dividends
not called for are added to and bear th«
same rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January 1, 1902.
_ _ CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 Montgomery st. Mills building — For the
half-year ending December 31. 1001. dividends
on term deposits at the rate -ot three and six-
tenths (.1 6-10) per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate 6f three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be payable
on and after January 2, 1002. S. L. ABBOT
JR.. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cal-
Jfornla st. corner Webb. — For. the half-year '
ending with the 31st of December. 1001, a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredth*
<3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2, 1002. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CI98O — For the half year ending December
31, 1901, a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payablb on and after
Thursday. January 2, 1902. GEORGE A.
STORY, Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society S2S
California st — For the hair-year ending with
December SI, 1901, a dividend has been de- '
dared a* the rate of three (8) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Thursday, January 2,
10O2. GEORGE TOTJRNY. Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan - Associa-
tion, 222 Sansome st, has declared for the
six months ending December 31, 1901, a divi-
dend of 8 per cent per annum on Classes "A"
and "F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits
and 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes. . WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
IIUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st — The • directors have declared a
dividend or 3 per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary. -
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not • required to go Into court.
Room 611, Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604. J
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO^. ' •
Real Estate,
« "14 Montgomery street.
$17,000— Rents $168 per month; near 16th and
Mission ets. ; 12 substantial flats of 4-
5 rooms and bath each; steadily rent-
ed; cement -walks, and street bitumen -
lzed; lot 185 foot front; no better In-
come producing property offered.
$12,600 — Rents $112 per month; Oak st, oppo-
site Park Pan Handle; 8 new elegant-
ly finished flats of 7-8 rooms and bath
each; 25x100.
$10,250 — Rents $85 per month; corner on Jones
st. ; 8 new elegant flats of 0 rooms and
bath each.
$8,000 — Rents S62 per month, which are ex-
ceedingly low T Union st., near Jones;
4 bay-window fiats of 5-6 rooms and
bath each: brick .foundation, etc.;
large lot, 40 feet front.
$7,500 — Rents $57 per month: Lyon st, close
to Park Pan Handle; 2 new flats of 5-
6 rooms and bath each, handsomely
finished; 25x100.
$7,250— Rents $68 per month; Howard st.,
v> .near 12th; 8 bay-window flats of 7-6-6
rooms and bath each; 25x187.
$0,600 — Rents $53 per month; Bartlett st. : 2
substantial bay-window flats of 0-6
rooms and bath each; also rear cot-
tage of 6 rooms; portion of lot not
built on; 40x125.
$6,500 — Rents $45 per month; Folsotn st, near
20th; 2 new bay-window flats of 5-6
rooms and bath each ; brick founda-
tlon, etc. ; 25x95. ' .
$4,000 — Rent ?25 per month; corner on First
St., near Folsom; 2-story house, 9
rooms and bath; steadily rented.
$3,750 — Howard st. near 6th.; old Improve-
ments; lot 22.6x80; this is a snap.
$3,600 Rents $35 per month; close to Oth and
Market sts. ; 4 tenements of 4-5 rooms
each; 23x80.
$2,600— Rents $32 per month; Harrison st,
near Seventh; 6 tenements of 3 rooms
each; 25x80.
Send for our Real Estate Record, contain-
ing a list of properties ror sale In all parts
of the city. '
Latest pocket map of San Francisco, 25c.
. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
- 205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills Building.
ffH
VAYS 12 PER CENT.
$14,500 — Rents $17 40; elegant new modern
flats, 7, 8, 8 rooms and bath; easy
walking distance to town.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT. '
$10,500— PROBATE SALE— 2 elegant resi-
dences, 8 and 9 rooms and bath each;
rents $1080: north side best street in
Western Addition; lot 55x120 feet.
NEW MISSION FLATS. **
$6600— Rents $570; Just completed; 2 modern
flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath; on Eu-
reka, near 18th et.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$5750^ — Elegant residence, 0 rooms and bath: 3
elegant mantels; Interior decorations
the finest; bank appraisement $7000:
mortgage $3750 can remain.
PATS 15 PER CENT.
$4000 — Rents $576; key lot to Oth st. ; 5 flats;
always rented; sold to close an estate.
HALF BLOCK FROM PARK PANHANDLE.
$5500— TERMS TO SUIT; modern residence,
10 rooms and bath; to be sold for
amount of mortgage.
SAFE SPECULATION.
$3750— Rents $456; In the heart of the manu-
facturing district; will double In
value In next few years.
RINCON HILL MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$3500 — Rents $420; two choice flats; most de-
sirable neighborhood south of Market
st; within 5 minutes' walk of Kearny
street.
CLOSE TO 16TH STREET.
$2250 — Rents $312: two flats and cottage; al-
ways rented ; on line to Union Iron
Works.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st, opp. Mills building.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. fine),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16.500— Turk, near Jones; 27:6x137:6; two
2-story houses.
$10,000— Noe. near Seventeenth: 50x95; 4
flats; rents $72 50.
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 flats:
rents ?ei.
§5000 — Union place, near Green; 20x58:9; two
houses ; rents S41.
$5000 — Leavenworth. near Union; 25x112:6; o
new flats; renta S47.
$47!>0 — Mason, near Sacramento: flats; rents
$41 CO.
$4500 — Oak, near Scott; 25x137:6; house of 7
rooms and bath.
$4500— Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; S0x05;
2 houses; rents $31. f '
$4250 — Fell, near Devlsadero; 25x187:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
California, nr. AVetster: .1 lots; each 25.-C
137 (5.
$9500 — forner Buchanan and Pine: 55x81 :;>.
$7000 — Buchanan, near Sutter: 50x137 :C — and
L 25x50.
$55<X>— Greenwich, near Taylor: 43:10x1.17:0.
$5250— Cor. JacUson and Locust; 37: Ox
102 :8U. ■
$5000— Waller, near Webster: 50x1-0 to rear
6treet.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement st. : 200
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert ste. ; 23x70.
$3500 — Fulton St.. near Flllmore; .{2:0x137:6.
Point Lobos, near 2M ave.; 53:4x100.
Corner 25ih and Point Lobos; 4S: 6x100.
$3000— 'Clay, neer Lyon: 27:11x100.
S2000-— Dolores, nr. 2-Sd; 25x117:0 to rear St.
$22C><1 — Union st., near Wefater: 34:4%xl37:6.
52100 — Folsom, nr. 24th; 25x122:0.
§1200 each— Polk »t. near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:GxS7:0. „. , -
$1000 — Sanchez, ntar Eighteenth: 2oxl0.>.
$S5 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, $2C0 to $4UO; terms easy; electric
road passes.
AT AUCTION!
By order of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco, executor of the Van Den Berg es-
tate. •
TUESDAY, JANUARY 7. 1002, 12 O'clock M.
AT SALESROOM.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery Street.
Sixth st, northeasterly line, 175 feet south-
easterly from Bryant St., Nos. 533 to 549 —
Stores and lodging-house above; lot 100x90;
rent per month, $131.
Howard st. southeasterly line, 37:H feet
northeasterly from Moes at, bet. Sixth and
Seventh — Two stores and flat above: 1061 and
1063; lot 37:CxlC0; rent $67 50 per month.
Eighth nt., northeasterly line, 245 feet south-
easterly from Folsom St., No. 321 — Old Im-
provements; lot 30x120.
A. J. RICH & CO., Auctioneers.
ONLY §5 MONTHLY BUTS A LOT WITH
Street work done. . •
Sewers laid.
Grand view.
Close to 22d-strect cars; GO lots to choose
from; $150 and upward.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
WORKINGMAN! WORKINGMAN!
This Is your chance. • ■
$12 50 a month, with small cash payment?.
will secure you a 5-room cottage, barn and
2 level lota graded and sewered, near Mission
and Thirtieth stg.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st
THOSE Folsom-st. lots are nearly all sold; you
can buy cne on 'small monthly payments;
they are level, sewered and cement walks
laid; cars pass the lots. OSCAR HEYMAN
14 Post »t.
$100 FOR two lots near Mission road; $5
monthly. . •
$450 for, two lots perfectly level, and one
block from Folgom-at. cars; $5 monthly.
OSCAft HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
SUNNYSIDE.
$900 — 231 Joost ave.; nice 4- room cottage; no
payment down; monthly payment
$13 W); same as rent.
$1250 — *2 Circular ave.; store and 5-room flat;
store rents for $8 per month; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent.
$1250 — 0-room house, bath, etc.; large base-
ment: rents for $12; $250 cash, balance
$14 a month.
$1000—220 Chapultepec, near 29th and Mis-
• «lon; this Is a bargain; no payment
down; $14 a month. , »
$050 — 1819 loth ave.; new house, 4 rooms:
. . small payment down, balance same as
rent. | •
$2200—3508 Mission st; store. and living-
rooms; .small payment down, balance
same as rent ■
A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome at.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTsT" ' '
• EASY TERMS." . .
We are offering the N.W. corner of Hayes
and Flllmore sts. subdivisions, 25 and £7.6
feet front; an Ideal location for residences
or flats. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
A GREAT sacrifice: $1550 will buy a large
modern cottage on a corner lot 37:6x70 feet,
with nice barn,: at 738 Andover ave., south-
west corner of Benton st Inquire of E. K.
PEARSON, 2C52 Twenty-second . st. Tel.
Capp 891. . : . ,.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, $1050; terms small pay-
ment down, balance same as paying rent.
Apply S.E. cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
COZY well-built 5-room house in Richmond;
i fine basement; bath r pantry. Box 3074, Call.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
• - 10 Montgomery Street
SANSOME-ST. WAREHOUSE.
$20,000 — Rents $1500 per year; under lease;
brick and stone building; lot 68:9x92.
POWELL-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
$22,000— Rents $198 per month; NE. corner
on -Powell st; stores and fiats; lot 60s
78.
CORNER STORES AND FLATS.
$42,000— Renta $3300 per annum; pays 7 per
cent net; lot 78x90; best cross town
business thoroughfare In Western Ad-
dition.
HAIGHT-ST. CORNER.
$12,000 — Rents $90 per month; NE. corner on
Haight st; store and 4 rooms; 2 flats
above; lot 25x100. . . ' '
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Fiic« $3600; rents $39 — Four separate flats near
- the corner of Folsom and Tenth sts.;
thorough repair. ....
INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$12,000 — Rents $110 per month; Shrader st.
near entrance to Park; lot 40x106:3; 4
splendid flats, always rented; investi-
gate this. ' -
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$6,500 — Franklin St.. . near Golden Gate ave.;
frame building of 2 flats of S and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $600 per
year. — '
PRICE $8500: RENTS $80 PER MONTH.
$8,500 — Harrison st.; frame building In splen-,
did condition; separate flats; lot 27:3
xl37:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
SEND to our office for "Buyer and Seller,"
containing full list of Improved and unim-
proved properties for sale; mailed free.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS
In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park...
Opposite 19th ave. Boulevard Park Entrance.
On H and I sts. and
17th, 18th, 19th and 20th aves
Streets and Lots
..On Official Grades, Macadamized, etc..
All Ready to Build On
Water! Gas! Welsbach Street Lights! Plank
Sidewalks ! Excellent Car Facilities !
The Better Class of Residences In Sunset
*.. District
..Low Prices; Bound to Increase in Value..
These Lots Have No Equal
Your pwn terms, small first payment, bal- •
..ance $10 monthly Installments; inteiest..
only 6jPer cent t«. . . -
For diagrams an<yt>rlces call at our branch
office (open week"days, Sundays and holi-
days), corner H. st. and Ninth ave., south
of Park. Horse and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
NEW bouses, cottages" and flats for sale cheap
on easy terms In Sunset District, near new
music stand and all Golden Gate Park at-
tractions. Call at our branch office (open
week days Sundays and holidays), corner
H st. and Ninth ave.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery <«t.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January. 1858.
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
020 Market st., Opp: Palace Hotel.
Choice piece business property -on Kearny,
near Market ft., paying 6 per cent on asking
price.
Sacramento st. — Two modern flats, near Fill-
more; lot 25x127; price $6800. . (
$9750 — Grove st., near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month; lot 33x82:6.
$H250 — Clay st, near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
bath; In good order; 27:2x127:8.
$5.'()0 — Flats on Pleasant st, near Tayloi;
renting for $42 per month; this property Is in
goc<l order and Is always rented.
$12,000 — Rento $1116 per annum; 6 good bay-
window flats p.nd lot 3ft:6x97:6; inside property.
$0750 — Pays $8G4per annum; 4 good flats and
large lot Ip good renting locality; Western Ad-
dition.
$25,000 — Downtown corner; on Post St.; stores
'and lodging-house.
$5250 — Rents '$600 per annum; Woodward
ave.. near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.: 4 flats;
lot 25x10.
$3800 — Very cheap- corner; Church and Valley
sts.; store and flats; rents $36; only $3800.
$-5."!C0— Two flats: Clinton Park, near Dolorc-a
Et. ; rent $340 per year. . ;
$5000 — A nice sunny home; north line Bush
St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and bath; lot
24x137:6.
$0500 — Twenty-sixth st, near Castro; 2 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114. . .'. :
$3100 — Jones st.. near Jackson; 2 flats; renta
$30 per month; 35x62:6. • .
$2750— Sanchez st., NW. corner Jersey; cot-
tage of 4 rooms; lot 30xlC0. *•'
• ■ ■ .-^
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
20x75.
$10CO — Valencia st., near Twenty-fifth; partly
Improved: SUxOO to an alley.
' $^500 — Seventeenth st., near Dolores: 4 fiat?:
rents $59; let 3<i:6x57:6; ortered low to force
rale. MADISON & BURKE. \
620 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., C67 Market, opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agenlirand Rent Collectors.
•570,000 — Reduced from $S0,00O; corner 75x75
1 feet: within one-third of block from
Market «t. and close to Hibernla
Bank: stores'! and lodging-house; best
investment" off Market st. ; must be
sold.
$C0,0CO — Corner, 48<S2:0 feet; first corner fac-
ing Market st north: sold for $42,500
20 years' ago: want offer.
1 $40,000— Geary-st. corner; lot 87;6xl37t6 feet;
very substantial improvements; rents
$25.".; pays 7 per cent net.
$30,000— Eddy et.. near Jcnea; 48 feet frontage;
frame Improvements; this Is a quick
peller.
$27,500 — Business corner; best location In West-
ern Addition ; store and flats; rents
$200.
$16,500 — Panhandle corner: 2 new buildings;
rents $112: lot 37x115.
$15,500— Three new Ellls-st. tlats: 27:6 feet
frontage; j\#rly rents $1500.
$15,0CO— LeavenAvcrth-st. investment; 57 feet-
front: rents $105; always rented.
$13,000 — Post st. near Jones; lot 27x137:6 and
improvements.
$13,500— New Van Ness-ave. flats; rents $125:
a eafe buy.
$11,500 — EJlis-st. corner: stores and flats; 3
frontages: lot 37:QxS7:6; rents $95.
$9,500 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment ; ■ .' - - - -- . " ..
$4,950 — Two modern flats; only half a block
■ from Market st.; rents $40; cost nearly
$7500.
$3,600— Flats, vicinity Third and Howard sts.;
rents $46 50; mortgage $1700 can re-
main.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. '
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
.Property. ■ a
$7500 — Scott st, "near Union; fine bay view:
modern, 8 rooms and attic; Scott st. Improving
fast from Pacific. • •
$6250 — Octavia St., near Broadway; modern
house, 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood. - •
$11,000 — New flats; Brodeflck st. near Grove;
C, 6, 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum.
$15.000 — Southwest corner Leavenworth and
Green sts.; 137xl"7; prood house: superb view;
easy approach from Hydo or -Union- st. cars;
make an offer. ■ • .
$0100 — Valencia-st. Investment: 2 houses, 7
rooms each; rents $45 per month: cheap. I
$5000 — Lot west side of Polk st., north of
Union; 50x100; very fine bay view.
$3100— Lot onAsouth side of Chestnut st,
west of Hyde; 2"6xllO: fine view of bay.
$0500— Lot northwest corner Hyde and Fil-
bert sts.; 60x137; fine site for building and
every room sunny: good view south; also view
of Golden Gate from upper floor.
$3000 — Lot in Potrero; corner Vermont and
Eighteenth sts.; 110x100; street graded and
sewered. - •
HlfcWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
i j ■ __
FOR' sale — 36 50-100 acres near Stanyan st •
$42, BOO; n bargain.
For rent or sale — 2-story I house; Ocean
boulevard, 2 blocks from electric car and
' . .
New 5-room and bath house on 23d st,
near Douglass. -
6-room ' and bath house on Alvarado st. ;
easy terms; near Hoffman ave.
6-room and bath house opposite terminus
Valencia and Mission; easy terms; 28th st.
$150 — Lots on Buena Vista st, near 29th
and Mission; $10 down. $2 SO monthly. -
$150 — Lots on Silver ave.,'. near San Bruno
care; $5 down, $1 monthly. • -
$50— Lota In Alvln tract, Elrhhurst sta-
tion: $1 down. $1 monthly; 15 minutes' ride
from Oakland.
$650 — 4-room car house* ■ and lot 25x120.;
47th- ave v and J st. Ocean boulevard; $2S
down. $5' monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st. "
SAN FRANCISCO, the great future city— The
most valuable ■ property to-day In S. F. Is
that which 20 years ago people were afraid
to buy. Be wise and buy lots now near th*:
park In Sunse,t district, with a fine marimV
view, for $100 each lot; $1 down, $1 monthly;
only a limited number left.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Sacrifice: nice flats; Liberty St.;
choice location. Owner, box «CDO, Call.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- 638 MARKET STREET
GILT EDGE INVESTMENT.
$26,000— Three modern flats, 8, 8, » rooms and
bath and a rear house; north of Mar-
ket st. and only three blocks from
Powell and Market; rents $2000 per
annum: could be easily increased 20
per cent: lot 25x137:6.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$8,000 — Two new modern up-to-date flats of 6,"
. 7 rooms and bath; just finished: on
the north side of Clay St., near the
Devlsadero-street cars; rents $990 per
annum; this is one of the best buya
in the market; lot 25x127:8.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$5,000 — Elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath; on your, own terms; halt
' . blofck .from Park: cost over $9000; on
Lyon st; lot 25x91:2 feet . - o
• i SPLENDID INVESTMENf. Q
$5,000 — Five flats of 4, 5 rooms In first-class
condition: near : Sixth and Howard
sts.; these flats are always rented and
pay $600 per annum; lot 25x75 feet.
LANGTON-STREET INVESTMENT.
$3,000— Two choice well-built houses of 6
rooms each; rents $336 per annum;
lot 25x75 feet.
CHEAP LOTS. \
Bush St., near Franklin; 25xl2C to
rear street; elegant site for flats.
$1,200— Carl st.. near Stanyan: lot 25x94 feet
$1,000 — Stanyan st., near 17th; lot 25x100 ft.
$2,100 — North side of Green st., near : Laguna;
25x100.
$300 each — Crescent ave.. near Mission road;
level and ready for building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ ;. 638 Market street.
McAFEE BROS., 108 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Nets nearly 7 per cent: warehouse property,
stone and brick building, on Sansome St., under
lease; corner lot; price $18,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
A fine key lot on Spruce st, nr. Washington;
commands marine view; size 27:8^4x137:0;
price $3500.
FOR A DOCTOR.
Modern house of 9 rooms on Pine st. nr.
Pierce; lot with stable and driveway; prlc«
$7000.
McAllister street.
Lot on McAllister st.. nr. Devlsadero; 27:6js
137:6; price $3260; fine for flats.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Lot with old building on Shipley st, near
Fifth; only $1450
NEW FLATS.
In Ashbury Heights. 7 and 0 rooms; all latest
modern improvements; rents $60; lot 25x137:6;
price $6000.
MISSIOX FLATS.
Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms on Bartlett. st.,
near Twenty- first; rents $42 50; price $5100.
ON VALLEJO STREET. •
Vallejo st, between Webater and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new;' 9 rooms,
bath and basement: commands a beautiful ma-
rine view; price $13,500.
PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three new flats, just completed, of 7 roonw
each; all the very latest Improvements: pries
$10,500; all rented for $98.
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott st., between McAllister and
Fulton; 25x100:3; price $2750. -
1 CHEAP LOT.
On Clay st. In Presidio Heights; lot 25X
102:8%; only $1500; good for two small flats.
RICHMOND LOTS.
&gnd for our plats of Richmond lots; sold on
terms if desired. Lot on California Et.; near
Second ave.. 25x100, only $850.
LOTS ON SIXTH AVENUE.
North of Lake st. 25x120. $600 each.
MODERN HOUSE.
On Vallejo st., near Buchanan': just put Into
first-class shape ; fine sunny lot and marine
View; 7 rooms and basement; price $8000.
CLAYTON-ST. HOME.
Modern 8-room house; lot 25x125 feet; prlca
$5000.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots. ' - -
LARGE .CORNER.
In the Mission; suitable for manufacturing
site; 170x160 feet; 3 frontages.
McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
O. D. BALDWIN & SOX,
. 22 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2,500— Rents $25? 2 flats. 4 rooms and bath
each: near Geary and Steiner sts.
$10,000 — Rents lf»7 50: 3 new flats of 6, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; all the latest im-
proveme.nts; Panhandle district.
$1,200— Fifteenth st, bet. Noe and Castro; 24x
• 00; street accepted; concrete sidewalk.
$1,600— Northeast cor. 15th and Castro; 24x90;
street bitumlnlzed: concrete sidewalk.
$3.800 — Northeast corner Folsom and Norfolk;
38x75; suitable for stores and flats.
$500 — Ch«>ap as dirt; corner lot In Richmond;
50x120; with marine view.
$2,000— Cheap lot en California st, near
Baker; 24x100.
$12,000 — McAllister St. n*th side; best busi-
ness block; 30x137:6; 3-story building;
rents $&0.
$9,000 — Rents $80; northwest corner on Bry-
ant St.; store and flats; lot 75x75.
$16,000 — Howard St., near Fourth; 4-story and
basement building containing stores
and lodging-house; rents $125; bank
' . mortgage of $0000 can remain; pays 14
; per cent net on equity.
$2,000 — New cottage of 5 rooms and porcelain
bath on Fifteenth St., near Castro; lot
42x103; very cheap.
$5.000 — Bush st.. near Flllmcre; north side:
27:t!x77:6: 2 nice flat*.
1 $2,600 — Bluxome st. nr. Fourth: 25x120; cheap.
$.!,000— Shinley, nr. Fourth: 3 flats; rents $34.
?i>,0CO — Very choice lot on Pacific ave., nr/La-
guna st.; 30x127:8; the cream of the
city. - i ', .
$5,250 — Vallejo st. north side, west of Fill-
more; 34:4x137:6; flnest^marine view
lot In town. ifc
$2,500 — Lots on Guerrero st," near Twenty-
third; 25x100 each; on grade; ready to
build upon. ' T
j $5,250 — Rents $46: northwest corner on Green
st. near Kearny; with store and flats.
$02,500^ — Mason Ft., near Eddy; close to Market;
let 55x82:0.
$3,000 — Elegant new cottage of 6 rooms, por-
celain bath, sanitary plumbing, etc.;
basement and attic; Fifteenth st. near
Dolores: a charming little home
?2,500 — Sunr.y key lot: north side of Clay St.,
SI feet east of Lyon; 25x105; (a daisy).
$75,000 — Large corner on Fourth st. Inside of
Howard; fine building; rents $425 per
month.
50,000 — Third St.. near Harrison; 25xS0: 2-
Ftory house; can be raised and store
put in below; will pay big interest
BOVEE, TOY^& SOXXTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collt-cted and Full
. . Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
$13,000 — Choice 3-st,ory house, containing 12
rooms and bath, on north line of Mission st..
close to Sixth; 2ot 25xS5 feet; rented for $55
pei month: rent low.
$13.000 — Five flats en Grove st.. near Frank-
lin; lot 27:6*120 feet; rents for $131 50 per
month.
$12,000 — Sacramento St.. near Scott: mode*—
2-story residence, containing it rooms and ba
lot 50x127:6 feet. V
$11,000— Eddy st. hear Lagvsna; 2 flats an..
2 rear houses: lot 25:9 by 120 reet through to
rtar street: rentsufor $78 60 per month.
$10,250 — Devlsadero st. near Pace: 2 upper
Pats, containing 8 ant 9 rooms and bath; rents
for $"5 per month : lot 25x100 feet.
$10,000 — Choice residence of 12 rooms on the
north line of Washington st, near Flllmore;
rtnteil for $60 per month.
$6750— Pierce st. near Halght: 2 modern
ilats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100:3
feet: rents for S55 per month.
$6500 — Two flats on Grove st. near Laguna;
lot 25x120 feet: rents for $50 per month.
. $4000— Choice residence on Twentieth st,
near Valencia, containing 6 rooms and bath.
$3250— Lot 50x137:6 feet on McAllister st,
near Lyon.
$32."0 — Clara st., near Sixth; 2 flats; lot 22:<Sx
80 feet; rents for $28 per month. • .
$2800— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large
attic and basement; lot 27x120 feet; Richmond
district; adjacent to 3 car lines.
$4000 — Choice cottage on Twelfth ave., near
Clement st. : 6 rooms and bath; stable; modern
In .every respect; lot 50x120 feet
' $2250 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
:Twenty-thlrd st.. near Douglas: lot 25x114
feet: $300 cash, balance on installments.
$1700 — Diamond st. near Twenty-fourth; cot-
1 tage Of 5 rooms and bath.
$700— Choice southeast corner In Mission dls-
; trlet: lot 28x100 feet
$630 — Northeast corner Eighteenth ave. and
California St.; size 2Sxl00.
$3000 — Northeast corner on Sacramento st,
near F.lrst ave.; size 37:6x100 feet.
FOR rent or- sale— Two-story house. Ocean
Boulevard: 2 blocks from electric car and
Park.
New 5 rooms and bath house on Twenty-
third.
Six rooms and bath house on Alvarado &t;
easy terms.
Six rooms and bath house, opp. terminus
Valencia and Mission sts.: easy terms.
■ $150 — Lots on Buena Vista st. near Twen-
ty-ninth and Mission; $10 down, $2 50
monthly. S
$1CO — Lots on Silver ave., near San Bruno
cars: $5 down, $1 monthly.
$50 — Lot3 . In Alvln Tract, Elmhurst sta-
tion, $1 down, $1 monthly; 15 minutes' ride
from Oakland.
JACOB HE YUAN. 117 Sutetr st.
ASTOR. the millionaire, was called a fool.
Why? Because he bought lots near Central
Park, N. Y., for $100; now worth $20 000-
history repeats itself.
I am offerlns $100 lots near Golden Gate
Park. Sunset District, at $10 down. SI
monthly. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st. '
NEW 2-story house fronting the boulevard: 2
. blocks south from boulevard park station- for
sale or rent JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter.
2 CHOICE, level tots, suitable for residence or
flats, close to Park Panhandle, to be offered
. at a bargain, or will exchange. G. H.
UMBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALS.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
.. 213-220 Montgomery »t
$12,000 — Income property; close to water front;
rents $97 50; pays 8 per cent net.
$e,000— Callfornla-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rent.3 $50; tenant pay si
water; lot 24x100 feet.
$9,250 — Northwest corner Sacramento st:
flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
latest In every way; lot 37:6x57 feet;
rents $75.
$3.500— Jackson, near Larkln; 23x137:6 feet.
$16,000— Business corner; Western Addition;
. rents $127; four tenants: substantial
* Improvements; lot 37:6x100 feet
$2,000 each — Capp st., near Sixteenth; 2 lots.
25x105 feet each.
C7, 750— Residence; Washington St.. near "Wal-
nut; 10 rooms and bath; lot S4:4Vix
127:814.
$14,000 — Californla-st. residence; 2 atorlea and
basement; 15 rooms and 2 baths; lot
34:0x137:0 feet; fine vtew of the city.
$12,500— Grove St., near Larkln; lot 30x120.
with fine building ofstore and 2 up-
per floors; rents $45; one block from
City Hall. - '' -
$1.000 — Liberty, near Sanchez; 50x114 feet; a
bargain.
$16,000— Mission-st Investment; rent $130;
substantial building:, stores and rooms
above; lot 60x122:6 feet.
$6,000 — Valencia St., corner Seventeenth; lot
25x100 feet; Just the place for store
and flats. -.
$4,500 — Valencia, at., between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth; 25x100 feet, or 2 lots at
same rate.
$8,000— Two-story brick building downtown,
close to Montgomery st ; leased to ono
tenant; $50 per. month net; will play
over 6 per cent.
$11,500 — Post st., sunny side, near Larkln: sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath; rent $60; lot 21:6x120 feet to
rear street.
$10,000 — Pacific ave.: modern residence. 7 bed-
rooms. 2 baths; hardwood finish on
main floor. •
$7,000 — Oak st, near Market; 2 flats and cot-
tage; rents $53; lot 27:8x120 feet
$13,000 — Turk st.. near Jones; 2-story house, S
rooms and bath; present rents noml-
. rial; lot 23x137:6 feet
$25,000— Mission st. near Ninth; lot 40x160
feet: church building: on Mission st-
and 2 dwelling houses on Ninth.
$5,500— Howard st, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third; substantial resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; lot 2Sx
122 :ft feet
$5,250 — Capp st. between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third; 2 modern flats of 6. 7
rooms and bath; lot 28:8x122:6 feet
$7,600— Jackson st. near Maple; modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 80x129
feet; must be sold.
$3,120 — No. 3649 Twenty-first St.. near Church ;
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; large lot. SO -feet front by
114 feet; grand view of the city; a
positive bargain; must be sold. .
$7,000 — Lyon st. near Page; modern and
well-built residence, 9 rooms and bath ;
renting at present for $52; lot 25x100
feet.
$5,000 — Nineteenth St., near Valencia; 2-story
frame dwelling of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x85 feet; mortgage $1500 can re-
main.
$12.500 — NW. corner of Oak st. with store, flat
and houae; pays $100 per month; lot
42:8x68:9 feet; near Market St.; a
snap.
$10,500— "IVashington st.. N. line, near Steiner:
substantial two-story residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 44x102:8% feet
$11,250— McAllister st; new building of three
flats; 7 rooms and bath each; renta
$104; will pay 9 per cent net after
paying all charges and expenses.
$6,000— Devlsadero-st. flats, near Ellis: pres-
ent rents $40: could be largely In-
creased If a little money was spent on
the building; lot 25x90 feet; lot alone
worth price aaked for the property.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBBH * CO..
218-220 Montgomery st. Mllla bldy.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st
$9,250 — Rent $1080 per year; 3 fine flats on
Lyon St.. close to the park; 6 and 7
rooms; all conveniences; a fine Invest-
ment.
$4,500— Two handsome new bay-window flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot
25x100 feet; street accepted; pays good
Interest on the Investment: Steiner st.
$7,500 — Devisadero-st corner residence, near
Oak; 9 rooms and bath; corner lot 25x
100 feet; bouse should be razed and
store built
$7,750 — Rents $S2 60: brand-new Clay-st. flats:
sunny side of street; 2 flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; positively th*
very cheapest investment in the shape
of flats now en the market; first-class
neighborhood; will make an excellent
Investment
$15,000 — Renta $140; new corner flats on Clay
st; large lot. more than 80 feet front-
age by a good depth; flats 10 and 12
rooms each; exceptionally good Inter-
est-paying proposition; this property
is new and modern in every respect;
line renting locality.
$10,750 — Rent $102 50; not far* from the corner
of Haight and Ashbury sts. ; 3 brand-
- new bay-window flats of 7 rooms asd
bath each; all rented; marble stepa
and every modern Improvement; lot
27x100 feet; see them at once.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
$5,150 — Offer wanted; very desirable lot on
Sacramento st. near Webster; 37:6x
132:6 feet; splendid location for flats.
$7,000" — Handsome new flats on Cole st, close
. to Halght; contain 8 and 7 rooms,
bath, etc.: an abundance of light and
sun: kitchen in the center of house;
big lot, 80 feet front: rent $67 50.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New purchases of blocks and lots enable us
to offer unexcelled bargains.
We will save you money; see ns before
buying.
$100 to $450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots;
beats any investment In the world; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots; choicest
of them all; streets graded; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office, 9th ave., near H st.
$400 to $800— Best located Richmond lots;
$10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mls-
ston-st cars; 50 per cent less than actual
value; $5 monthly.
$10CO. $1350 to $2000— Splendid cottages, all
bargains, on easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS. '
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
Santa Fe Tract.
Santa Fe Tract.
All Level Lots. All Level Lots.
All Level Lots. All Level Lots.
Streets Graded.
Streets Graded.
Close to Standard Oil Co.'s Immense refinery;
nenrest to Santa Fe roundhouses and shops.
Prices low — Bound to rise quickly.
$125 and up; $10 cash, $5 monthly.
$125 and up; $10 cash. $5 monthly.
tfcEWKN BROS.. IIS Montgomery St..
Sole Agents.
>«... sal**— Saloon: big kitchen and dining-
room; 8 furnished rooms upataln; rent and
price reasonable. Apply 45 Sacramento st,
between » a. m. and 5 p. m.
J2600— 51S SEVENTH st. neat cottage, t rooms;
lot 25x80. Apply DAVID STERN. 11 Mont-
gomery st
VALENCIA-ST. lots with double frontage. $125
per front foot ASHTON & GARDINER. 411
Montgomery st m
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivision. B0- •
vara lot south line Union st: 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:6x137:9 feet Inquire of
CHARLE3.C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
124 Montgomery st
IF you want a home we will buy a lot and
build you a house on monthly payments.
Pacific Home Building Co.. 39 Nevada Block.
POiyr RICHMOND ftEJAR ESyATE-
HOUSES. business blocks and lots In all parts
of Point Richmond. Cal. ANDREW PRICE.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In In-
come Droduclng orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush havlnp
had forty years' knowledge and exDeiience of
' the value of lands and being the owner of an
j Income producing orchard and vineyard, can
Intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lands and bargain;) in the State.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery »t
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS.
SAN MATEO,
rAIFt OAKS,
MENLO PARK.
PALO ALTO.
We . have some beautiful villa sites and
homes in these beautiful places; also somo
handsomely furnished houses for rent.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO .
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Kancho
Cotatl. Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco la grrowlrrjt rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 802 California st, for pam-
phlets and Information.
$3000 WANTED for 240 acres of good farming
and timber lands ln.Butte County. Cal.; deal
with owner direct Box 3036, Call.
For. Additional Advertisements Sea
; Page 34.
3334
URAL ESTATE — COPXTRY — For Sal* :
VIXETAKD.
Winery,
Distillery,
In Najia Co..
1150 acre*,
;:oo acres resistant vines,
*O0,C00-ral!cn cooperate.
Jr'iae brick residence,
Price only $00,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery 6t., San Francisco.
THE CHOJCKST~BODY
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LASTD.
MiCO acres.
JCo v;aste to:).
2S00 acres under cultivation.
Remainder will be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre.
One and one-bolt hours
lYom San Francisco
lJy rail or water.
For cale ■ . ' :
As a whole
On easy ternus.
A lonz lease might be given to desirable
parties.
Me A FEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
vh-lTsites
in I he heart
JO, CEniUTO IIICHL.AXDS.
Fiui Maieo.
In view of the great demand for building
rJteK in Kl Cerrlto we ha\-e been Instructed by
the Kowie Estate Company to offer for sale
the choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showir.2 location* and subdi visions to
be «?eii at our o'flce.
Terms one- third cash, balance In one and
tn-(j years
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomcrj »t_. San Francisco.
FOR SALE
OR EXCHANGE.
A hichly Improved country home aad Tin«-
•vard croDerty, situated adjoining the town of
Saratoga. Santa. Clara Co., and consisting of 50
acres; there are 30 acres planted to the best
resistant vines grafted to choicest wine grapes;
a '>>w acres are in family orchard; the Im-
provement* corsift of a large 12-room modern
residence, with eprinc water piped throughout;
the house is surrounded by handsome grounds,
with lawns, flowers and shrubs; there are also
etables and other ranch buildings; the house
sets en a sufficient elevation to command a
beautiful view of the Santa Clara Valley: the
wine industry is assured eood prices for years
to come and wine grapes are selling for $25 to
530 per ton. which makes a re^stant vineyard
an investment 'proposition; thla property li |
worth your immediate Investigation: price
$15,000. For full information call on or addre&s
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS.
Cheap Homes Safe Investments.
Government Lands at Government Prices.
Irrigated lands In valley of Colorado River.
Fan Diego County, on line Southern Pacific
Railroad.
Fertility of soil unsurpassed; water-supply
absolutely safe; best winter dlznat« in the
world; wheat. 60 bushls per acre; alfalfa. 9
crops per year; citrus fruits for Thanksgiving
market; other fruits from 2 to 6 weeks ahead
of Los Angeles: water stocks. $20 per acre;
(5 cash. baiarc# on time.
140,000 Acres Placed In Past 18 Months.
Crops planted last July hav« already paid
for land and water. h
For full information address IMPERIAL
LAND COMPANY. A. Frank Hes«. agent.
458 Ninth gt.. Oakland.
ONE of the finest rineymjrtjg and wineries in
Napa Co.. 1^» miles from town, consisting
of 540 acres: 75 acres In vines: winery with
moet modern equipments: cooperage of S20,-
O0O rals. : also ClstiL This property oost over
S50.O00. and it has been developed from its
own resources. For a good rr"a*on It will b«
cCerrd for a short time at $30,000.
20 R-30 acres In one of the finest valleys
aroond the hay: well Improved; Ideal coun-
try home: owing to death in family property
will be offered at the sacrifice of $3»ioo.
B. S. QUACKENBUSH.
2171 Phattuck ave.,
Opj>. First National Bank. Berkeley.
TO rent — The best lTO-»ere ranch in Napa Val-
ley: well improved and fully equipped: $1000
cash: ca'l to-dav
X. D. EICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FOR rale or to rent: 4^4 acres, rich *o!l: per-
fectly level; small improvements: near San
Mateo. Inquire 207 Church St.. after 5 p. m.
PROFITABLE orance. lemon, peach A prune
l»nd» to sell: right lrealtty: big woney; easy
payment*. Healy* Hend«n««n. fi Fd<iy «t.
FOR homes for health and profit see J. J.
BAMBER. Skyland, Cal.
POT^TRY arc 1 dairy ranches for sale; write for
free llrt. C. It. WIXFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
A TTFF-K'S newi. for S cents— The Weekly Call.
18 r*re*. in wrunper. for mnillnc- Si j>er ye«r.
ALAMEDA AliyRRTKEMEXTs
At.\MRD.\ REAI ' KSTVrB '
PURCHASE NOW.
GREAT VALUES IN REAL ESTATE.
fl<X)O — 7-room house; lot 4Szl4S.
$1500 — 5-room cottage; large lot.
$1750 — Nearly new; 5 rooms and bath; lot
40x100; a snap.
S2400 — Fine 7-room cottage; lot 50x150; com-
pelled to sell.
$2600 — 6-room cottage; choice neighborhood;
foreclosure.
$2S00 — A new colonial 2-etory 6-room house;
nice lot and location.
WE SAVE YOU 25 PER CENT.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park et.. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; Vs cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
m:»: ••''••« • v «iK\*. k«tvtk.
$300— $200 CASH, balance $15 per month; 7
rooms: lot 50x100; good well and tank; dog
mill; large barn and chicken house, etc. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$600— $50 CASH, balance $10 per month; lot 50
xl30; well and tank; two blocks to cars. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$1500— $100 DOWN, balance $15 per month: 5
large rooms; 2 bay-windows: brick founda-
tion; basement done off; bank loaned $1800
on this place; 2 blocks to cars. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. 2
J2000 — NEW 6-room cottage; lot 45x100; two
blocks to school and cars; store, churches,
etc.; $200 down, balance $20 per month;
porcelain bath, tiled sink, fine mantel, sta-
tionary tubs, sideboard, gas fixtures, tinted
walls; sewer and water all connected; eee
Eoma of the new houses we are building.. W
C. MORAN & CO.
$6000—8 ROOMS; lot 100x135; etreet work all
done: must be cold at once. W. C. MORAN :
& CO.. Lorln station and Schmidt block,
Berkeley.
$1400— HOUSE of 6 rooms; lot 50x120; only 1
block from station; a enap.
* JOS. J. MASON.
- Berkeley Station.
$1800 — HOUSE of « rooms and bath; 2 blocks
from station; on the sunny side of street.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
$5500 — HOUSE of 9 rooms, thoroughly modern:
cne block from U. C. grounds and east of
Telegraph ave. JOS. J. MASON,
_ Berkeley Station.
$3750— IN the Hlllegass Tract: fine 2-«ory
bouse of 7 rooms and bath: thoroughly mod-
ern: connected with gas and electric lights;
lot 50xl.'.G: street work all done; only 5 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
■ ■• ' Berkeley Station.
ONLY one left: new bouse of 6 rooms and
bath: combination fixtures; Sunshine water
filter; fine corner lot; etreet work all done-
near the station and electric cars; price
(3300. ; '" * . - ;
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
$800— LOT 45x120. east of Shattuck ave., one
block from Berryman station.
$750 — 3 blocks from Berkeley station, at a
bargain and on eaey terms.
S22O0 — Lot 50x130; on Durant ave., east of
Telegraph; south front.
S2T00— II -room house, modern, with all
conveniences; 1 block from V. C. grounds,
and east of Telegraph.
£2500 — 7-room houue ; small cash payment,
balance like rent; close to steam and electric
can. #
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. Firr.t National Bank, Berkeley.
4-ROOM oottae-e. well and mill! street
work dons $ ra ,
rirsll hor.-e & lcye tot on Add-on st. $12OU
Kk-e cot ta ire on wive Ft &.'00()
<;-ronm cottage in Scenic I'.-irk.. &MO0
S-rocm Louse; rtreet work done. ....... $2200
7-roem house, l.-irse lr.t. nr»ar can £27O<)
lO.-room house in North Berhcley S:!700
7-room house, south of university Siooo
MAY & MORTIMER.
Real Estate Dealers.
; 212X-Center Et.. Berkeley.
tfTFAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pazes. sent to any address in the
tn;ud States cr Canada one year lor jl.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
$1000 — Modern cottaee of C rooms and bath;
4 blocks from station: lot 37:«xl46 ft-;
$21 Der mont!i will buy this home; no
payment down. •
$1300 — New house of 4 rooms and batli; 4
short blocks from Frultvale station;
corner lot; $100 cash, balance sama as
rent.
(1500 — New house of 5 larsre rooms; lot 50x_
170 feet; Forest Park; $21 per month
will buy this home; no payment down.
$1500— House of 6 rooms and bath: lot 37:fix
14G feet: 4 blocks from station: $21
per month will buy this home.
$1000 — New bakery and 5 rooms; rlcht at sta-
tion; brick bake oven, cost $400; a
rood business opportunity; terms to
( s uit. _
$1200-JIous!» 6 rooms; corner lot, 45x145;
$1C 80 per month will buy this home.
$1600 — New and modern house, 6 rooms and
bath; 1 block from F"ruitvale-ave. car;
this is mortcace price: terms to fuII.
W. E. RUDELL,
Frultvale ave.. south of Railroad Track.
Office open from S to 10 a. m. ; all day Sunday.
A— HULL & LEE. Fmitvale Real Estate.
$1750 — $550 cash; 2'i acres. 2 blocks from
electric earsc 6-room cottage: S. chicken houses
and yards;. all fenced and cross-fenced; a fine
place for chicken business; ?1200 can remain on
mortgage or paid monthly; adjoining land $750
an acre: fine view of bay and surrounding:
country; barn and carriage fhe4; fine brooder
and incuba.tor; It won't last Ions'.
$1770 — $250 cash, balance monthly; lovely
home; high jround; 6-room cottar*, modern;
bath, patent closet; family' orchard; beautiful
flowers: evergreen hedire; all fenced; lot 75x100;
must be seen to be appreciated.
HTTLIj & LEE. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$22,000— PALATI AT. MANSION.
"Beautiful for situation." possessing- ad-
- vantages ot near remoteness and accessible
seclusion; only one year constructed; a rare
home offering:.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$13,500— Cost $20,000; Lakeside District;
elegant borne, 100x150; in Al condition; a
■till grreater sacrifice to sell at once.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.
$7000 — Absolutely no choicer up-to-date
8-room cozy home in Upper Piedmont sec-
tion; srand panoramic view; surrounded by
elegant mansions; auperb home.
LAYMANCE REAL. ESTATE CO.
$3000 — Right down town; bargain; 7-room
cottage; corner, 50 feet; rents $18; cost $4500;
lot worth more than price; to divide Interest
a sacrifice for quick sale.
IAIMANCB REAL. ESTATE CO.
$1450— Neat, cozy bay-window 6-room and
bath cottaee; fronts rig-ht on Telegraph ave.;
lot 83x130; mortgage $80: quick sale wanted.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2500 — Adjoining home Joaquin Miller. Up-
per Frultvale; 7-room house; 3 acres fruit;
on proposed Syndicate electric railroad.
LATMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.
$2250 — Neat bay-window cottage, 7 rooms;
lot 75x140; street work complete; Lake Mer-
ritt view; lot worth price. »
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1250 — Neat 6- room house; lot 100x125;
sewered; near cars and school; Bast Oak-
land; terms easy.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO. A
$2750 — Ninth st.. near Center; new colonial
two-story house, 7 rooms and bath; up-to-
date.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.
$1000 — A chance to get a home at a big
bargain; 6 rooms, bath, hall, porcelain sink,
hot water; sunny side Filbert St., near San
Pablo ave. ; street work done, sidewalks, etc. ;
half each.
LATMANCB REAL. ESTATE CO.
$1500 — Cottage. 6 rooms; lot double front-
age; Peralta, near 34 th: 26x125.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.
$1500— 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
10th, near Campbell; lot 30x125.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1500 — Mortgage $1100; new colonial 1%-
story, 5 rooms and bath; all modern; 3Sth,
near Telegraph av«.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
(1000 — Hubbard. near Park, Emery vlllt; S
rooms, basement; lot 50x133; brick founda-
tion; rented $8 a month.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1200— Magnolia, near 84th St.; modem
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; rented $10 a
month; lot 5bxl33.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
$1700— ORIGINAL COST $3500.
Fine corner. 38x100; store and 4 large living
rooms, barn; an estate and must be sold; No. 1 ■
business location for a grocery store, butcher .
•hop or laundry, in fact any kind of business; '
a great sacrifice and must be sold this week .
without reserve. •
J. S. MYERS 3t CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$6500 FOR A $10,000 Y.
Location, Sixteenth and Grove sts. : only four ,
blocks from business centers; lot 60x100; mod- ;
ern 9-room house and bath; very sunny and
first-class location; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.,
$3100— ORIGINAL COST $5CO0.
New house of 7 rooms, cement basement,
trunk closet, nickel plated and open plumbing, '
large lot. driveway; surrounded by $15,000
homes; four blocks to local station: near cars, '
schools, etc.; owner non-resident and must j
6ell; $2500 can remain on mortgage; first come, |
: first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$4250— SHOUX.D BE~$COob~ ~~ ~~
Object, quick sale; near Fourteenth and •
Broadway: large lot; good neighborhood; in- :
terlor decoration and finish of the latest and
best In Oakland; space too expensive to extol :
its charming qualities; seeing is believing; will ' ;
rent for $45 per month; only $1000 cash, bal- i
ance can remain on mortgage; must be bold
this week.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
S. M. DODGE St EON.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 cash — Flat and store.
$3850 — Valuable corner. 200x150 feet; eight |
25-foot lots. 4-room house, windmill and out- :
buildings, fruit trees, etc. : terms cash or $1500 j
mortgage and balance cash.
$2ft."0 — 7-room house, modern in all respects;
lot 50x12.-).
$1000 — 5-room house on Haskell st.; less
money for cash.
$1950 — 5-room cottage, nearly new; modern
plumbing, etc.
92550 — 6-room cottage, up-to-date every way.
$16.000 — Beautiful Alameda home, elegant
and modern; convenient to street car and local
trains; one of the finest in Alameda; owner
has gone East and offers a bargain.
$2000 — Basalt rock quarry and chicken ranch,
43 acres; one-third good tillable soil; abundance
of wood and water; small house and stable;
purchaser can continue present sale of rock on
royalty; can raise chickens at a profit and en- j
Joy a delightfully healthful climate one-half a '
mile from railway station and postofflce. For
terms, etc.. see Ira C. Jehks Esq.. at Santa
Rosa, Sonoma County, or
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH. $6 60 monthly— Modern cottage
Just finished of 4 rooms, bath, pantry and
closets; superb soil; 4 lots. 100x100; more
ground to It if desired; 32 new buildings
gone up in the past 6 months; near church,
school and electric cars; 4 main roads sur-
rounds; away from fogs and cold winds; Just
the place to raise chickens; adjoining East
Oakland: price in' all $1350. Call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh St.. opposite Broad-
way stat'f-n Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, Owner.
100 ACRES near Niles, (5000; gooa house; bear-
ing orchard; unincumbered: will rent, sell
or exchange for city improved.
€16 acres, 7 miles from Oakland: $28 an acre.
WYMAN LAND CO., 1137 E Fourteenth St.,
near Twenty-third ave., Oakland; phone 123.
300 ACRES; three miles from Oakland; $76 an
acre; two-thirds of - purchase price can be
borrowed on the land at 6 per cent interest.
GILBERT WYMAN. Attorney at Law. office
and residence Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth st.,Fruitvale,Cal.; phone Brook 123.
$1000 — BIG bargain; cozy 5-roomed cottage
with porcelain sink and hot water boiler;
runny side, close to San Pablo ave.: street
work all done, including stone walks; all
newly painted and papered. Apply for quick
eale to box 2378. Call office, Oakland.
S. M. DODGE & SON. , "
11G0 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250 — Something extra nice In the tray of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; largj
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers: lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric . cars, corner ' Washington and
Eighth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth gve.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTIIUE FOR. SALE.
An introduction to you from H. Schellhaae, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MOOMS KIIM HOlJsr.IvEEPIAG. ,
! BRADY. 39. off Market — Large ' sunny room
■ light housekeeping, or room and board; prl-
i- vate family; $S.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping. $12; R
connecting, 2 beds, $15; also single, $5 to $7.
GEARY. 1225 — 2 or 3 large rooms; gas stove;
bay window; single or en suite.
HYDE. 145— Housekeeping, bath and gas; alco
other rooms; sunny.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 19O1.
ROOMS FOR tIOfSF.KBKPiyfi--Con. i
GOLDEN GATE. 037 (downstairs) — 2 lerge
housekeeping rooms; some furniture to bo
eold. '
HTDE, 408— Nicely furnished basement suite
for housekeeping; yard; laundry; .coal or gas
ftcve; $14. ■ •
LEAVENWORTH, 506 — Alcove room: nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
MASON, 310—3 or 4 nicely furnished sunny
; housekeepingirooms and bath.
MARY. 34V. — Two or three furnished rooms for
housekeeping, with bath. '
MCALLISTER, 937—3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, $15; lower. • •
MINNA. 320— Sunny front room for 2 gentle-
. men or man and wife.
OAK, 111 — 3 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeptng; gas stove; gas; bath; reasonable.
OCTAVf A. 32, cor. Halght— 2 connecting house-
keeping rooms, partly furnished.
RAUSCH, 85, near FoIbohi — 3 or 4 housekeep-
ing rooms. • •
SOUTH PARK, 137—2 or 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny front parlor, with
use of kitchen: gas; bath. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 5200 Flllmore.
KOUMS TO LKT — Knrn. and Cnforn.
ARGYLK Hotel 234 McAllister — New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by- week or month; McAllister cars to door, j
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week asjl
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, e'ngle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 727 — Furnished room for gentleman;
gas; bath.
CARL, 216— Two furnished, front, new, mod-
ern, pleasant rooms; $8 to $12. ._
CLIFFORD,' 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished, sunny rooms; prices reasonable..
EDDY, 603 — Nice sunny furnished room; gas
and phone. _____
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
85o, $1 00 night; $1 50. $0 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 627A — Nice newly furnished front room,
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
ELLIS, 771— Homelike, sunny rooms.
EVELYN. 208 Powell— Sunny front rooms.
nicely furnished, first floor; also small sunny
rooms; .reasonable.
FOL6OM, cor. Ninth — Large sunny rooms;
quiet house; adults; fln« view; reasonable.
*"*4 — ■ ■
FRANCISCO Hotel — Elegant suites: single:
transient; baths. Mrs. King.. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1527— Unfurnished front connecting
rooms: water, gas, bath, phone; references.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth — Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; Jl week up.
HOWARD, 728. near Third— One front *unny
room: reasonable.
HOWARD, 923 V4 — Large sunny room for 2 gen-
tlemen or light housekeeping; has 2 single
beds, gas and bath. ■
JONES. 805— Nicely furnished suite, suitable •
for doctor's office; gas, bath, telephone^
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 766, .near Fourth— Furnished rooms
and housekeeping rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nished rooms: $2 a week up; 3.1c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, "27 — Pleasant single rooms; $6
and $7 per month.
SCOTT. 253 — Furnished room with piano; bay
window.' ________
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BUTTER 320% (The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to $7; singles. *2 to $5 per week; transient, j
TAYLOR. 515B— Bay-window parlor, piano. {
grate, $16; sunny room, water, phone, $12.
"THE Harvey," 10C3 Howard— Elegantly fur- j
nished single and double rooms; electric
lights; $1 50 up.
KOOMS ANO nOARO,
IN private home, where there are few business I
1 people, large front sunny room, rnqdern. fur- ;
nished as parlor, suitable for 2 young men
or couple; best of home cooking. Box 3071,
Call office. *
WANTED — Few boarders; private family; In
beautiful suburbs of San Jose: gentlemen
preferred. Box 548, San Jose, Cal.
HOTEL Dennlston. cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
—In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngdale. 620 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $00; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up: excellent table.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727 — Nicely furnished
sunny room, with or without board; gas;
bath: private: reasonable.
i BUSH. 2215 — Two large rooms with board;
j plenty of sun.
EDDY. 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny room;
board excellent.
; GEARY, S17— Nicely furnished room: water.
! gaB and clothes press; with board. $20.
MISSION. 16G9 — Front furnished room in Ger-
man family; with or without board.
i THE Audubon. 1105 Hyde st. — Fine rooms,
single or suite; excellent board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional 'table; popular rates.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome* furnished apart-
ments: conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
] NIARA, 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished sunny
S • rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Room and board by single man in
vicinity Twenty-second and Castro sts. Box
30&3. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By old gentleman and daughter, 2
unfurnished rooms and kitchen; north of Mar-
ket, not far from theaters. Box 3071, Call.
| WANTED — By Jan. 1st, 2 or 3 furnished rooms
1 for housekeeping, where there is convenience
for keeping horse aad buggy. Box 3079, Call.
TWO or 8 housekeeping rooms, furnished or
unfurnished, by couple without children. Box
8088, Call office.
4 OR 5 rooms, unfurnished. In -modern build-
ing; steam heat; close in; north of Market.
Box 3081. Call. ■ '
ELDERLY couple want 2 furnished rooms in
Mission ; housekeeping. Box 3070. Call.
% STAPLES TOyET.
TURK. 618—4 stalls and shed, $5 per' month.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. _^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 0-10;tdl.0580.
STORAGE AND WAIllHOUSKSr""
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movin- Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281:
BJEK1NS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. _^
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS — We
* sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
j Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2C0.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
William N. Launder, 30, 619 Montgomery
street, and Carrie Ev Phillips, 32, Oakland.
Robert. A. Coulter, 25, 915 Guerrero • street,
and Mildred G. Dunwoody, 25, 1011 Guerrero.
Reynaud Lucien, 24. 1420 Powell street, and
Augustir.e Souche, 18, 1767^ Green street.
Arthur St. J. Oliver, 28. city, and Agnes E.
Beveridge, 25, city.
■ Henry R. Mason, 27, 630 Third street, and
Aflele M. Nicoll, 21, city.
Edward L. Partland. 26, 124 Fulton street,
and Emily J. Power, 26, Sacramento.
George O'Brien. 25. 148 Sixth street, and
Winifred Coyne, 20, 148 'Sixth street.
Julius H. F. Henze, 40. 61G Ellis street, and
Ida S. Perry, 37, 6 Prospect, avenue. r»
Pierce Fabcr. B4, Stockton, and Delphine
Fcytavln, 40, Stockton.
I William McKinlay. 56, 322 Ellis street, and
Helen M. Nlhell, 42, 532 Geary street.
Davide Truffelll, 24. S Ohio place. and-Jen-
nie Garibotti, 20, 249 Paciilc street.
Lev! Gronback, 20, city, and Minnie Thomp-
son, 24, Alexandria. Ind.
- BIRTHS— MARRU&ES— DEATHS.
' BORN.
BERLINER— In this city. December 22, 1901.
to the wife of Charles A. Berliner, a daugh-
ter.
CLAUSEN — In this city, at the Fotrero, De-
cember 25, 1001, to the wife of John Clausen,
a daughter.
FRINDELL— In this city, December 23, 1901,
to the wife of Nathan Frindell, a eon.
MITCHELL — In this city, December 16, 1901,
to the wife of Charles Mitchell, a son.
ROBINSON — In this city, December 28, 1901,
to the wife of Alfred D. Robinson, a daugh-
ter.
j SCHRADER— In thii city, December 28. 1001,
to the wife of W. F. Schrader, a daughter.
SHEEHAN — In this city, December 22. 1901,
to tho wife of James W. Sheehan, a daugh-
ter.
THOMPSON— In this city, December 19, 1901,
to the wife of Charles E. Thompson, a son.
WERNER — In this city, to the wife of A.
Werner, a daughter.
WILSON — In this city, December 23, 1001, to
the wife of John Wilson, a son.
MASEIED.
ABBEY — RYAN — In this city. December 28,
1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Fred-
erick J. Abbey and Frances C. Ryan.
CARDOZA— WILDES— In this city. December
20, 1901. by the Rev, Herbert F. Briggs,
pastor of Central M. E. Church. Joseph T.
Cardoza and Eva Lillian Wildes, both of San
Francisco.
FRANK — BRACKEB — In this city, December
22, 1001, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Max
Frank and Wllhelmine Bracker.
METZGER— DORSCH— In Oakland. December
2«, 1901. by tha Rev. J. H. Theiss. Henry
William Metzger and Elsie Susie Dorsch.
BTRATHMANN — EISEMANN — In this city.
December 10, 1901. by the Rev. J. H. Schroe-
der, Henry Strathniann and Josrtjhlne Else-
mann. s*p
DIED.
Bemiss. Mary K. Lynch (LenclonO.
Berard. Edouard Louis
Black. James McLeod. Margaret
Blair. Matilda McNamee. Patrick
Coakley, John McNulty. Mabel F.
Coaxrove, Mary A. Mahan, John F.
Craig, Minerva R. Mlllberry. Mary A.
Faviqr, Mary M. Morosco (Bishop).
Flnnegan, Catherine Walter M.
Gainey. Catherine Offerman. Johannes
Garcia, Callle Onken. William J.
Garcia, CaDt. Jos. S. Quarg, Emll O.
Georsie, Masoero - Rosendale. Adrian C.
Gerry. John H. Salz, Rachael
Gorden. James Schaffrey, Charles J.
Hadley, Moae« F. Scott, Frances E.
Harrison. Geraldlne Scott, Herbert F.
Hashagen, Sarah Stockton, Wm. W.
Hayman, David L. Treadway, George T.
Kerrigan, Loretta F. Trevaskls. Richard
Kreuzer, Rosie Wessels, Joseph
McGovern. John Williams, Helen O.
BEMISS— In this city. December 18. 1001,
Mary Kearney Bemiss. beloved wife of Dr.
H. P. Bemiss, and mother of Lincoln E.
BemiEs and Mrs. Leonlce H. Kelsey, a na-
tive of New York.
(E7"The services will take place from the
chapel in Cypress Lawn Cemetery on the
arrival of the 11:20 o'clock train from Thirt
and Townsend streets depot. Monday, Decem-
ber SO. Interment private.
BERAKD— In this city, December 27. 1901,
Edouard Berard. beloved husband of Marie
Berard. father of Josephine, Jeanne, Emile
and May Berard, brother of Alfret Berard,
and brother-in-law of Mrs. A. Berard. a
native of France, aged 69 years 11 months
and 19 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at his late
residence, l(>05 Mission street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
BLACK — At San Francisco. December 27,
19C1, James Black, father of A. P. Biack of
San Francisco and J. C. Black of San Jose,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 93 years 3
months and 27 days.
(E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at the family residence, 1S1U Green street,
between Polk and Larkln, at 9 o'clock, to-
day (Sunday). Interment at San Jose.
BLAIR — In this city, December 27. 1901. Ma-
tilda Blair, wife of the late Thomas M.
Blair. "-•»
II7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
■ the Craig & Cochran Co., r>2 and 56 Mint
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
COAKLEY— In this city, December 27, 1901.
John Coakley, ft member of LongBhore Lum-
bermen's Protective Association. Local No.
224, and Court Columbia No. 55, F. of A., a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 61 years. .
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, commencing at
12:-'!0 o'clock.
COSGROVE— In this city. December 28. 1901.
Mary A., beloved wlfo of Joseph J. Cos-
grove, mother of Anna and Joseph Cosgrove
and the late Eugene and Mary Ann Cosgrove.
and sister of Annie, Helen and Margaret Hou-
rihan, a native of the parish of Caheragh,
Qounty Cork. Ireland. n>red 28 years.
tCyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2202 Union street, thence to St.
Brlbtd's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenclnc at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAIG — In this city, December 28, 190L at
the residence of her son. Lee D. CralK, 643
Baker street. Minerva Reynolds CralK. be-
loved mother of E. L., Lee D.. W. C. and
Joseph Cralsr, Mrs. Phoebe McKenzle and
Mrs. E. M. Doud and the late W. R. Craig,
a native ■ of Versailles, Woodford County,
Ky., aged 83 years 7 months and 28 days.
d_TThe funeral will take place at Auburn,
Placer County, Cal., December 30, 1901.
FAVOR— In this city, December 27, 1901, Mnry
M. Favor, mother of Mabel Favor, a native
of Illinois, aced 43 years.
O_TFuneral from McGinn Bros.'. 81 Eddy
street, to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock.
FINNEGAN — In this city. December 27, 1901,
Catherine, beloved sister of Mary and James
Finnegan, a native of County Monaghan,
Ireland.
U_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 716% Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services at 2 o'clock. A
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul to-morrow (Monday), at 0 o'clock, at
Sacred Heart Church. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly
omit flowers. -
GARCIA — In this city. December 28. 1901. Cal-
lle, beloved wife of Frank Garcia, a native
of Lumbertown, N. C, aged 23 years 4
months' and 10 days.
GAINEY — In this city. December 28, 1901,
Catherine Gainey, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aeed 75 years.
ICFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Monc'ay), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of C. P. Bush, 526 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARCIA — In Ontario. San Bernardino County,
Cal., December 25, 1901, Captain Joseph S.
Garcia, beloved husband of Elizabeth Gar-
cia, brother of Mrs. Enos of San Leandro.
and brother-in-law of Mrs. Sarah H. Rice of
San Francisco, a native of Portugal, aged 78
years and 6 months. ,
!E7"The funeral services will be held at
Pioneer Hall. Fourth street, near Market,
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under the
■ auspices of the Society of California Pio-
neers, of which deceased was a member. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GEORG1E — In this city, December 28, 1901,
Mas'oero • Georcie, a native of Italy, aged 50
years
EXFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Darlors of
Edward Castacnetto & Co., 643-645 Vallejo
Etreet.
GERRY — In this city, December 25, 1901, John
H. Gerry, beloved father of Mrs. Josephine
Dupree, Mrs. F. G. Hall and Mrs. Etta Wil-
son, and grandfather of Mrs. Herman Amud-
een, Edith Hall. Frederick J. Hall and Car-
rie Dupree, a native of Massachusetts, aged
04 years.
(ETFrlends and acouaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the ! funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GORDEN — In Oakland, December 28. 1901,
James Gorden, a native of .Kentucky, aged
84 years.
HADLEY — In this city, December 26, 1901.
Moses F. Hadley. beloved husband of Ellen
F. Hadley. and father of Fred W.. Herbert
and William Hadley and Mrs. Ella F. Mllot,
IiENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 M/SRKpT STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I NEW FIKM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
yean: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Eugene McGinn. . McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
31 EDDY STREET, - - -•
Telephone South 252. - San Francisco,
No Connection With Any Other House.
a native of Massachusetts, aged 76 years 11
months and 2G days.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend* the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2475 Mission . street, nea*
Twenty-first. ' Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage. " "
H t£i? IS 9? ! ~&i **>■ ' Ansfelea,- December * 24,
1901, Geraldine Hope Harrison, beloved
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Sullivan and
sister of Mrs. Art Bowne of San Francisco
aged 19 years 5 months and 20 days.
HASHAGEN — In this city, December 27. 1901,
barah, beloved wife of Christian Hashagen,
devoted mother of "William, Bertha. Chris,
and Joseph Hashagen and Mrs. K J. Behan,
and sister of Martin Donohue, a native of
Kings CoTinty, Ireland, aged 53 years 1
• month and 22 days.
. CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at i) o'clock, from her late reai-
aence, 337 California avenue, corner Cort-
land avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated commencing at 9:3o o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAYMAN — In New York. December 27, 1001.
•David L. Hayman, beloved husband of Irene
Hay man, and brother of Al and Alf
• Hayman und the late Harry Mann.
KERRIGAN— In this city. December 23, 1001.
Loretta Frances, beloved infant daughter of
Owen J. and Catherine B. Kerrigan, grand-
daughter or William and Mary Hyland, and
niece of Mrs. Michael Nugent, Mrs. William
curns and Daniel Kerrigan, a native of San
irancisco, aged 7 months and 16 days.
* , IL^ .friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o # clock.' from the residence
or the parents, S7O Pennsylvania avenue, be-
tween Twenty-sixth and Army streets. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KREUZER— In San Jose. December 20, 1901,
itcsle, beloved wife of John Kreuzer. mother
°J Alvlna and Ida Kreuzer. and slater of
Mrs. C. Anderegg. a native of Oberwald.
Canton Wallls. Schweijt. aged 23 years and
"»fP"-f^"lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co., lli;7 Mission street, be-
A We t n Seven "> and Eighth, thence to
Anthony s Church, Army and Folsom streets,
\ for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, December 26. 1901.
Louis Lynch (Lenclonl). dearly beloved hus-
band of Tessie, uad father of Willie Lynch,
a native of Italy, aged 27 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
McGOVERN — In this city, December 28, 1901.
John, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
McGovern. beloved father of James J.. Phil
P., Robert H.. Margaret V. and Winifred
K. McGovern. son of Philip aod the late
Margaret McGovern, and brother of Mrs.
M. Donlan, Mrs. H. B. Morey, Mrs. T.
Darcy, Mrs. M. Darcy. Mrs. K. O'Leary of
Seattle and the late Mary McGovern. a na-
tive of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 52 years
6 month3 and 22 days. (Seattle and Ha-
waiian papers please copy.) -
(L^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 147 Cook Btreet, between Point
Lobos and St. Rose avenues, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencinsr at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McLEOD— In this city, at the residence of her
niece, Mrs. Thomas Thompson, 21C Diamond
street, Margaret McLeod, beloved wife of
the late William McLeod, beloved sister of
Owen McEntee. and aunt of Mrs. Thomas
Thompson. Mrs. P. H. Gordon and James J.
McEntee, a native of the City of Dublin.
Ireland, osed 70 years. (Virginia City and
Carsnp City, Nev., papors please copy.)
Crinterment will take place at Empire
City, Nev., to-morrow (Monday), at 11
o'clock.
McNAMEE— In this city. December 28. 1901,
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary McNamee,
and father of William John McNamee. a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland. '
McNULTY— In this city, December 27, 1901, !
Mabel Frances, infant daughter of William I
H. and Martha McNulty. . a native of San
Francisco, aeed 3 months.
[CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 327 Chestnut street. Interment prl- i
vate. v I
MAHAN — In this city, December 28, 1901, John |
Fenton Mahan. beloved father of Elizabeth
Gelmann, a native of Queens County. Ire- i
land, aged 77 years.
CyFrlends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, 1158 McAllister street, j
thence to Holy Cross Churoh, where a re- '
qulem hlch mass will be celebrated for the !
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MlLLBEItRY— In this city, at her residence.
2014 Larkin street, December 28, 1901, Mary
Amy, beloved wife of S. F. Mlllberry, and 1
mother of Fred M. of Stevens Point, Wis., I
Dr. Guy S., Percy H.. Faith I. and M. Avis
Mlllberry and Mrs. N. G. Symonds. a native
of Illinois, aged 53 years 7 months and S
days.
MOROSCO— At his residence. Geranium Place.
Frultvale, December 25, 1001, Walter Mel-
ville Bishop (Morosco), dearly beloved father
of Harry W. Bishop (Morosco), and devoted
grandfather of Elsie Melville and King Les-
ter Blshoo (Morosco), a native of Connecti-
cut, aged 52 years 8 months and 22 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon. December 29. at 2:30
0 clock, at the Fruitvale Congregational
Chapel, corner Frultvale avenue and East
Sixteenth street. Frultvale. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
OFFERMAN- In this city. December 26. 1901,
Johannes Ofterman. beloved brother of Mrs.
J. Pope and twin.brothpr of Claus Offerman.
a native of Germany, aged 22 years and 24
days. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6,
O. d. II. S.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen, 22S McAllister street, where
funeral eerviees will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electria
funeral car leaving Fourteenth and Mission
streets at 1:45 o'clock.
ONKEN— In this city, December 25, 1901, ■Wil-
liam J., beloved husband of Emma Onken, a
native of Germany, aged 61 years 10 monthj
and S days.
E7"Frlends and acnualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall. South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodsre No. 212,
F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co., 940 Mission street.
QUARG — In this city, December 26, 1901, Emil
Oscar Quarg, beloved husband of Mary
Quarg, father of Richard. Emll. William an<i
Herman Quartr, and brother of Richard
Quarg and Mrs. Zelinda Zeldler. a native of
Leipzig, Germany, aged 53 years 7 months
and 25 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday))* at_l o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 967 <%k street. Cremation at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery at 2 o'clock.
ROSENDALE— In Pacific Grove, Cal De-
cember 28, 1901, Adrian C. Roeendale. a na-
tive of New York, aged 48 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to* attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at Pacific
Grove, Monterey County.
SALZ^ — In this city. December 27. 1901, Rach-
ael, beloved wife of Jacob Salz. mother of
Mra. David Hirschler, Mrs. M. A. Wert-
helmer and Amy, Ansley. Joseph and How-
ard Salz, and sister of Charles Hart, David
M. Hart, Mrs. D. S. Rosenbaum and Mrs.
N. B. Greensfelder, a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged 52 years 7 months and 28
days.
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2123 Broadwav. Interment at Home
. of Peace Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 10:40 o'clock. •
SCHAFFTREY— In Prescott, Ariz.. December
27, 1901, Charles Joseph, dearly beloved and
only son of Mrs. Frederlcka Schaffrey. and
brother of Pauline Schaffrey. a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 5 months and 7
days.
SCOTT — In this city, December 27. 1901. Fran-
ces Ella Scott.
IE?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
10:40 o'clock train from Valencia and Twen-
ty-fifth streets.
SCOTT— In this city. December 27. 1901, Her-
bert F.. beloved husband of Hannah Scott
and father of .Walter, Harriet. Frances, Her-
bert, Alice and Georgie Scott, a native of
Guysborough, Nova Scotia, aged 61 years
and 2 months.
-cyFrlenda.and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4058 Seventeenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Colllngwood streets.
No csrrlases. *^_
STOCKTON— Suddenly, in Ensign, Ariz., Wil-
liam W., con of the late Dr. N. H. and Mrs
. Mary Stockton, and brother of Fannie and
Clara Stockton, aged 44 years.
TREADWAY — Drowned in wreck between the
steamers Sauaallto and San Rafael on No-
vember 30, 1901. George T., beloved husband
• of Clara Treadway, a native of Port Henry
1 Essex County. New York, aged 57 years'
(New York and Nebraska papers please
copy.)
IC?" Services will be held to-day (Sun-
flay), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of H F
"Buhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
TREVASKIS — In Los Angeles, December 20.
1001, Richard Trevaskis, a native of Corn-
wall, England, aged 49 years.
WESSELS— In this city, December 28, 1901
Joseph, beloved husband of the late Ellen
• Wessels, and father of Joseph Wessels Jr., a
native of Germany, aged 56 years. ,
WILLIAMS — In Santa Barbara. December 23
1901, Helen Otis.^Trife of A. B. Williams.
jihanahan Florist Co.
?zf r : PiRTlSTIG FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable..
107 POWELL ST. Nt A«ELL!5^r 5056;
BONDS PASSING
AMONG MINERS
New Operators ConSe
Into Field to Search
for Ores.
Extension of Dredging for
Gold in River Beds
Is Planned.
Several deals have been made for min
ing properties that promise well. The out
look is good tor the establishment of sev
eral new dredging plants to mine for gold.
The Calaveras and American rivers will
be the scene of dredging. Groups of
mining claims in several localities have
recently been placed under bond. In all
of the mining counties of this State the
operations are practically at full capacity.
The facilities for traveling on the Colo
rado River are to be Improved to accom
modate the miners who have properties
near the river. Operations on a gigantic
scale are promised in Shasta County.
The Scott Valley Advance says that the
Quigley ranch at Oro Flno has been bond
ed to a company for dredging purposes
and that the Ball mine and mill- are run
ning at full blast
The Upton mine in Am&dor County,
seven miles from Plymouth, has been
purchased by Eastern parties. A ten-
Btamp mill is to be removed from Quartz
Mountain and put up on the property.\
The Redding Searchlight says that the
Mountain View. Copper King, McKinley.
Puerto Rico, Cuba." and Dewey copper j
claims, on the west Blope of Town Creek
Mountain, are about to be bonded. Win- ;
ter work has been begun on the McKinley
group of claims. These are west from
Bully Hill. Twelve 'men are working on
the Boston & Montana Mining Cfcmpnay's
Northern Light mine.
The mines of Randsburg. »so say* the
Randsburg Miner, are looKing well and
the outlook is better than at any time in
the past five years. The Yellow Aster
mills are running to their full capacity
and are putting through about 45o tons
per day, with a prospect of an increase to
600 tons daily. There are still rumors cur
rent of the sale of the Yellow Aster prop
erty but, according to the Miner, no one
has yet had an option on the mines.
Predging «i& Calaveras.
Concerning the dredging for gold in
Calaveras County the Calavera* Pros
pect says:
The parties who havt •soured the bond on
the bed of the Calavera* Rlvar at Jenny Und
and the lands adjoining are about to begin
operations.' The party represented by Mr.
CarnduS have their apparatus for" prospecting
on the ground and were expected to begin work
this week. The ground is to b* thoroughly
prospected by numerous borings before any
other work is done. These borings are ex
pected to devalop the value of the ground, and
if satisfactory will be followed by the exten
sive dredging operations, ilr. DoolltUa. who
has the bond on the Cutler ranch is also ex
pecting to begin the work ot prospeaUng in
u short time. Th» methods hera will t» sim
ilar, to those In the river channel. The ground
is to be iirtt fully tested by tha boring pro
cess, which will be followed "by more extensive
work. The dredging process is expensive to
begin with, requiring the outlay of a large
sum, and no chances ar* taken of working on
barren ground.
The Placer Republican-Argus says that
two companies exp«ct to buildvdredgers
to search for gold on the American River
during the coming season. In the North
Fork of the river the tailings form a
solid mass up to thirty feet In depth and
four hundred feet in width from the
crossing of the Coif ax and Forest Hill
road down to Auburn. Above this point
to the mouth of Canyon Creek there are
heavy deposits of tailings In places.
A strike is reported in the Larkln mine ■
in £1 Dorado County at the 400-foot level.
A new line of Bteamers is about to run
on the Colorado River to get the business
of the mines in California and Arizona.
It is under the direction of Captain A. B.
Smith.
The Union-Democrat reports that a
company composed of Boston parties has
been organized under the name of the
Horseshoe Bend Gold Mining Company
to work a group of eighteen claims be
tween Parrotts and Robinsons ferries on
the Stanislaus River. Operations have
been resumed at the Dondero gravel
claim at Yankee Hill.
The Noonday copper mine in El Dorado
County, on Mathenas Creek, has been
bonded by Dr. Wrenn and Dr. Proctor to
the Payton Chemical Company of Mar
tinez, which will develop the property.
The bond calls for sinking 200 feet at
once.
The Mother Lode Banner says:
The Bonanza mlna Is closed down. Tha com
pressor and pumps have been removed and tha
mine will fill with water. Tha certificates for
S2.500 shares of the stock, held by the Citizens'
Bank, can now be given to tha children to
ornament a playhouse, as that is the only way
to utilize them. Superintendent M. D. Kelly
feels much disappointment over the outcome,
as he put in several months' work and con
siderable money, all In vain.
"Will Complete Purchase.
According to Mineral Wealth, develop
ment work at the Balaklala mine is such
that ' the bond for $650,000 on the property
will probably lead to actual purchase.
Nine diamond drill holes have teen put
down and great Quantities of ore are re
ported to have been located thereby. Sev
enty-five men are working on the prop
erty under the direction of W. W. Adams. '
According to the Redding Searchlight,
the sum of $25,000 has been taken from the
Dorleska mine by H. Z. Osborne and his
associates. The mine was bought by the
present owners *;- $5000. The mine is in
Trinity County.
The Yreka Journal says:
A man named Winters from Idaho started
up the steam dredger at Hawkinsvilla last
week for the purpose of ascertaining the nec
essary Improvements required to the machinery
and apparatus for better service In working
the Yreka Creek bed at Hawkinsville.« Con
siderable top gravel has to be moved befora
reaching the rich bedrock where the gold is
found, especially in the crevices and seams,
often requiring hand work In picking or dig
ging out.
The Punch Creek quarts mine oa tha south
fork of Humbug shows excellent prospects late
ly, a new strike of rich quartz having Just been
discovered. The Goltfsn Star Mining Company
directors have levied another assessment. No
9, ol 2-5o per share, to pay assessment work
now being performed at tha mlna on Humbug
Creek.
The mill of tha Red Bird quarts mine on
Yreka Flats Is kept running steadily and will
soon be going day and night when the new
machinery Is worn a little to run smoother
The cold weather lately has been causing
much trouble In keeping quarts mills running
especially in the high altitudes, where the
temperature Is coldest by reason of water
freezing in tha batteries, which prevents tho
flow ot water needed in small quantity fos such
purpose.
Operations Are Extensive.
Mineral "Wealth says of future opera
tions in Shasta County:
Operations on a glgantlo seals will mark the
mining; Industry of the future In 8hasta County
The small enterprises producing- a few thou
sand a month or a year will be compleflv
overshadowed by the colossal operations now
planned. In a formative staga or already In the
field.
Only a few years ago tho mineral output of
the chief producing counties of the State did
not equal the present output of either of the
two large mines now operating In Shasta
County. an3 with the exceptioh of Shasta" a
yield there is not another county in California
that reaches 50 per cent of the output of one
of her large mines.
The Mountain Copper Company Is producing
at the rate of $4,500,000 a year and tha Bully
Hill Copper Mlnin/er and Smelting Company of
which Captain J. R. de la Mar is the movtne
spirit, la producing at the rate of $2,750 000
and will Increase its smelter capacity, which
will double this output in another year. . -
The Anaconda Standard gives an ac
count of the great smelting plant that is
being 1 completed at Anaconda. Ten
thousand carloads of material have been
used in its construction. The Standard
claims that it will be the largest smelt-
Ing plant in the world. It will reduce the
ores from Butte. - The following 1 details
are given Indicating the magnitude of tha
construction work:
Fifty thousand yards of masonry ».«
placed; 250.000 yards of excavation were neceiT
sary: more than 1000 carloads of red brick «VT^
fire brick have been used; 20.000 000 feet nf
lumber have grone into the works exclu^lvi
of 5.000.000 more that went into 'the fluml*
40,000,000 pounds of Iron and structural ste£i
are in the making of tha buildings- the flumd
will deliver 50.000 gallons of water per m £!
ute; the smelter site Includes 800 acres, of
which seven acres are covered by the con
centrator building alone; more than T. 000 000
feet of lumber were used In making th* blnsr
at the reverberators; building; the works wnf
have a capacity of 6000 tons per day; 900 men
OIL PRODUCERS
ARE EXPECTANT
Stockholders Have the
Power tcr Bring
About Climax.
Situation Produces General
Interest Throughout
. the State.
The general situation concerning oil
production In California has not recently
met -with any marked change. The only
condition in eight that promises any re-^
lief from low prices and disorganization
is the existence of the Associated oil
Company. Some producers are saying
that the Standard Oil Company will help
them to get a higher price. On the other
hand It Is uiged that as the market lor
petroleum la based upon competition
*vlth coal, the only purpose that the
Standard Oil Company can have Is to
make as large a market as possible by
crowding out coal to the fullest extent.
whlc*h can be done at a low figure rather
than at a higher one.
The nelda show less development work
going on. The talk of coming dollar oil
is heard. The owners of lands are wait
ing to see what will be done. Assur
ances are received from the Associated
Oil Company that the outlook has not
been cloudea and that future events are
likely to be satisfactory. "
The leading consideration for the futura
of the oil industry would seem to be that
the demand should increase. Those who
have undertaken to burn oil Instead of
coal have ao reason to be dissatisfied
with oil as iuel. .Large contracts have
recently been renewed. In the Kaat, aa
in California, the tests of petrolium as
fuel have been satisfactory. The- Na
tional Oil Reporter, published in New
York, In a recent issue had two state
ments of significance. One was that the
New York Chamber of Commerce has
adopted a resolution favorable to the
Bruumont fuel oil. The other is the fol
lowing:
Save Fifty 'Per Cent
Since the discovery of oil there have been a
thousand and one estimates made on the reia
tlve cost of coal and oil tor fuel. Some of these
were made by experts, who ngured heat units
on the scientific basis, others by oil men, and
the coal baron also had an estimate on the sub
ject. Taking oil at tha value aaked for it. the
results in favor of that fuel were almost stag
gering and astounding to the people who had
never given the subject a thought. Actual ex
perience Is beginning to come in now, and tha
ilrat one to be placed on record in detail prom
ises to give fuel oil a boom that It has never
experienced before. Charles Clark St Co., dredg
ing contractors, began figuring on oil for luel
soon after Mcl-'addin No. 1 came in. but it re
quired some lime to build barge9 for transport
ins it from the field to the boats and holding
the reserve. On account of the time lost In
making these arrangements they have juat
learned what their saving is in dollars and cents.
The following results were obtained from coal
and oil: Coal per month, $35; oil, $12 50;
transportation. $4 t>0; «torage barge. $oo; differ
ence in cost of coal and oil. %-Hi; saving in fire
men, etc., $700; saving in favor of oil. $3uoO.
In the above figures it must be borne in mind
that the expenditure of $3S00 for an oil supply
barge will not occur next month, which will
make the saving proportionately more. Th»
barge Is used to hold a reserve supply for the
dredging boats, and will last for many years,
but it is ngured in the first month's expenses,
which still levaes a saving of $5000 on a fuel
bill of lesa than $10,000. /
' Controls the Cream.
Concerning the hopes of the Associated
Oil Company the Los Angreles Herald
Quotes a Kern River district producer as
laying:
If the holdings of the Associated Oil Com
pany are inclosed on the map of the Kern
River field by a red Una it can be seen that
the very cream of the producing territory has
been gathered In by the combine, save one
tract in the northeast, and another In ths
southwest. Now, what can tha outside pro
ducers do to the combine which. I claim, con
trols the situation? I am perfectly certain
that oil cannot be produced on either of these
two tracts for less than 33 cents to 40 cents a
barrel and make a profit. There la no 15 cent
oil anywhere about there, and. consequently, 1
maintain that the combine directly controls
the very best portion of the field, and in an in
direct way also controls the outlying territory.
Inasmuch as none of the producers there can
sell at a very low figure without making a
heavy loss. In such case th*- Associated Oil
Company ought to be able to mako contract*
on a basis remunerative to all concerned.
The voting by stockholders of the pro
ducing companies will continue next
month. The stockholders have had all
the arguments presented to them by
this time. The situation, involving the
future of a vast industry and many mil
lions of dollars, Is one of great interest.
From one end of the State to the other
all eyes are now on the Associated OU
Company.
INTEBESTINO PAPERS ARE
READ B"S* COURT REPORTERS
Second Annual Meeting of the Sten
'^ographers' Association Proves a
Source of Iieaming*. •
The second annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Stenographers' Association,
which has been in session for the last
two days, finished its labors last night
by the election of E. A. Girvin as presi
dent, J. L. Holland as secretary and
treasurer, C. H. Adams of Santa Rosa as
first vice president. W. K. Strong of
Eureka as second vice president and
Joseph E. Rich of San Bernardino as
third vice president.
Shorthand reporters from various parts
of the State attended the session. The
proceedings were interesting, and tha
various papers read elicited a lively dis
cussion on the part of those present. The
following papers were read during the
session:
"Reporting In Early Days la Oregon and
California," James A. "Waymlre, San Fran
cisco; "The ' Trials of the Transcriber." by
one who knows; "Legibility," W. K. Strong
Kureka; "Politics in the Shorthand Profes
sion." Charles R. Gagan, San Francisco
"Skeleton Reports," B. A. Girvin. San Fran
cisco; "Practice for Speed," F. H. McAllis
ter, San Francisco; "Pen or Pencil," L. E
Bontz, San Jose; "Legislative- Reporting and
the Constitutional Convention," E. B. Willis
Sacramento; "Clashes," Charles H. Adams'.
Santa. Rosa.
The next annual meeting will probably
b« held on July 15 and 16, 1902.
School Bond Project Defeated.
WATSONVILLE, Dec. 23.— At an elec
tion held In this city to-day for the pur
pose of voting high school bonds In the
sum of $30,000 the proposition was de
feated by a vote of 224 against 223.
hav» been employed in constructing the Dlant
since June 18. 1900.
Mines Save Great Depth.
The Daily Mining Record, discussing the.
depth of mines in the Cripple Creek dis
trict, says that at the start it was sup
posed by those who were classed as ex
perts that the surface finds would prove
to be but pockets. Now the wiseacres
say discoveries at a depth of 1000 feet
seem to Indicate that there are richer de
posits farther down. The shafts, from
the figures given by the record, would
seem to be down from. 1000 to 1500 feet. A
slash, of freight rates has helped the dis
trict. The tonnage indicated by the
smelter records and of chemical plants
show an increase in production. The Rec
ord estimates the Cripple Creek output of
December, basing its opinion upon the
statements of ore buyers, at $2,500,000.
Concerning the reports of Increased ac
tivity amongr.the copper producers abroad
the Mining Journal of London says:
At the beginning of the nineteenth century
Russia supplied most of Northmen Europe with
copper. Her sixty smelting work3 then Issued
2C0.000 poods (thr pood la thirty-six pounds)
per annum. Tha copper discoveries elsewhere
led to many of the Russian works being shut
down. However, the high price of copper of
late years has stimulated production again
and in the last decade the yield of pure coo"
per, beginning at 174,000 poods in ISfll fpii
to 145,000 in 1S>4. rose to 190.000 in IS'V:
dropped again to 153.000 in 1898, then raDidlv
progressed to 236.0CO In 1900. It would.«YDear
that as regards copper. Russia Is practically
virgin, only tlje upper veins having: hefn
worked rod the Ural range 1. wtd to be Ve r y
rich. Russia uses 1.000.000 poods of codd^V
per annum and Imports 75 w cent of such
requirement^- . ■<*»*»COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
-SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SUvcr and Mexican dollars higher.
Domestic Exchange lozver. Sterling steady.
Local stocks and bonds quid.
IV heat a fraction lower. Barley steady.
Oats continue stiff. Corn easy. Rye firmly held.
Bran and Hay firm at the recent advance.
Beans beginning to show renewed firmness.
Choice Potatoes strong. Onions steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Dried Fruits in light stock and firm.
Provisions quiet and easy.
Meat market firm at previous prices.
Lucol Oil marked up.
Shipment of $798,905 to China.
Local bank clearings fall off slightly.
Bank Clearings. \
Local bank clearings during the past week
■were .nfl.22G.lCC, apainst $19.35S.S54 during the
ame week last year.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York say:
"Raisins are firmer on the coast, and, ac
cording to telegrams received by the local rep
resentatives, of the members of the seeding
combine, prices on seeded will be advanced %c
to >«c within a few days. Some packers have
already withdrawn quotations. It is understood,
and others wire that confirmations at the old
price "will be limited.' A number of cars of
laney seeded were reported sold to the local
trade during the week and nime business waa
uone in choice. The latter grade are now very
difficult to get. The situation on the coast, it
is reported, has been further strengthened by
two prominent outside packers entering into an
agreement with the Pacific Coast Seeded Com-
I-any to maintain prices. On spot prioes are
unchanged.
"Currants to arrive per Mirarnar, due this
week, were vory active the latter part of the
week, purchases by both out-of-town and local
dealers and cleaners amounting to between
1000 and 2000 barrels. On Saturday the mar
ket for Amalias on this vessel was very firm
at 5%c, with practically ail except one
large holder being withdrawn from the
market. One prominent importer turned down
an offer of 5%c for 100 barrels. The Miramar's
total cargo is about 19,000 barrels. Oregon
prunes are firmer on the coast, holders asking
'.rom 2-4c to a '2%c basis. It is rumored that
the Cured Fruit Association will shortly ad
vance the price on old prunes. Apricots are
li rm. A number of cars of fancy are reported
to have been purchased from the coast during
the week.
"'Evaporated apples were firmer during the
week end sales of prime State stock were made
at 9%c. The slight advance was due to the
necessity of filling December contracts for
shipment abroad, and this demand having been
satisfied prices at the close were easier, prime
State goods being offered at 9c on Saturday.
Raspberries are firm and wanted. Huckleber
ries are In urgent request at ISc, with practi
cally none offering. Cherries are weak."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 28—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours: • .
Last This Lapt
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 10.13 20. W
Red Eiuff 0.00 9.<>r. 8.81
Sacramento 0.00 Z.'.IS ~ .*m
San Francisco 0.00 5.50 7.22
Fresno 0.00 2.17 5.43
IniSer.trj'Jence 0.00 1.34 2.31
Sar. Luis Obispo 0.00 4.50 10.20
Los Angeles 0.00 2.45 0.79
San Uicso 0.00 0.77 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, 1
S3: minimum, 50; mean, 04.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta
tions:
Boston, 40-30: Cincinnati, 40-32; Washington,
44-30; Jacksonville. 70-oS; Kansas City, 4S-32;
Xew York. 42-34; Omaha. 40-26; Duluth, 34-24:
Fait Lake City. 30-20; Chicago, 40-30; St. Louis,
42-S4; Philadelphia. 44-36.
THE COAST RECORD.
I K S O 2 5
station. I =2 r| p= So 1
~ : = : 3 • § •"* Z~
t ■ '. r* ?
Btker 30.74 34 20 NW Clear .00
Astoria 30. CO .. 32 NE Clear .00
Canon SO. 44 44 16 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.50 58 38 XE Clear .OO
Fresno 30.40 (2 34 E Clear .00
Flagstaff 46 24 NW Clear .00
Poc-atello, Ida. CO. 72 34 20 SE Clear .Oil
Independence 34 ...
Loe Angeles. ..^0. 24 70 46 NW Clear .00
Phoenix Ti0.3« «0 32 W Clear .00
Portland :v>.oo 3« ;kj se Cloudy .00
Ited Bluff ::«'J.44 C2 44 H Clear .00
Roseburg :{0.5« 48 30 Cm Clear ...|
Sacramento... 30. 44 56 VA V Clear ' .00
Salt Lake 50.74 3« 20 W Clear .00
San Fr£ncisco.:}0.44 53 50 N Clear .00
g. L. Obrspo. ..TiO.34 70 38 X Clear .00
Sar. Diego 30.22 «4 4« NW Clear .00
Seattle .10.60 50 40 EE Pt Cldy .00
Spckane W.OO 4H 30 S Pt Cldy .00
Walla. Walla.. M0. 53 C2 34 XE Clear ,00
1Vir.ne:^ucca. .:;0.72 42 10 E Clear ,00
Yuma 30.36 H fl X Clear .00
Temperature 7 a. m., .M degrees.
(VEATHE3 CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of high pressure continues over the
I'aciSc slope, and there 4ias been but little
change during the past twelve hours. The
ifmrx^rature has risen slightly over California
and the intrrmountain region. Conditions are
favorable for frost Sunday morning In the
southern part of tbe Ktate.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight December 29:
Northern California — r*alr Sunday; light
DottberlT wmflf- changing to easterly.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
DOrtterty chancing to easterly; light to heavy
tract Sunday morning.
Xfvadij — Vb'.r Sunday; lierht easterly -wind.
San Francisco and vlcinjt;- — Fair Sunday,
light northerly winds chancing to easterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xew York Stock Market.
>:EW TORK, Dec. 2S.— To-day's broad and
active ttock market resulted in Email changes
in prices of stocks, owing to the very large
amount of prcflt-taking sales which were mad...
The market wss an excellent one for realizing
profits, wiiich are of tempting proportions, a.s
a result of the considerable rise in prices tha
last few days. There was a vigorous and
w«-;!I-<2:EtrSbuted demand, which absorbed the
offerings without sprious inroads upon prices.
The continued recovery in Sugar, in which the
dealings ware again lars?e. sustained the mar
ket: The unrxi<ccteilly strong bank statement
made the closing Ktrong after the realizing
baud ocmnwMiced to make some impression upon
pri<*«. Amaljamaied Copper failed to holu
its pain and closed only '/» higher, after hav
ing been at enc that 1% higher. Sugar saved
a net gain of 2V* from an extreme advance of
"Vs. In the railroad l!st Heading was the
feaiure on a continuance of the recent buy
ing attributed to banking interests. The stock
closed H6 higber. Baltimore and Ohio and
Missouri 'Pacific were notably strong. Generally
the realizing in railroad stocks kept the galm
within moderate limits. The compilation of
returns of uarnlnffs for thirty-seven railroads
tor tlio third week in December t-hows a de
crease of iSAIi per cent compared! with last year.
This Is lh" first time- a decrease has been
Khown for the corrwponding period since 1830.
Other roads reporting to-day showed a similar
tendency, including the soft coal carriers.
> Hockir.R Valley suffered from realizing In con
peqoence. The large caiit in cajjh by th»
bar.ts in attributed to returns from the local
jf.«n.i. O f t j. e lioli.lay trade. Tlie nominal
increase in loans whs, considered favorable in
view of the activity ir. the stock market. Large
holder? at *<»curities, with a vital interest in
FUrtsininj? the prire of their holdings, have
had to oontenrt with a ncmljtr of adverse cir
<mir;rtanceji tbi*= week. Tame circumstance*!
have ti«"°n rupplemerted * by the active efforts
of ar. Important and well organized party, who
>**>ucceAricd in makiasr large inroads in prices of j
!&9H&MESMnHiflGHHSttBflHfefli
a number of prominent Ftocks, with sympa
thetic effect on the list. The operations by the
bears were overdone, according to the indica
tions of the latter part of the week, and their
efforts to retrieve their position by covering
ehort contracts caused recoveries to about last
week's closing prices. These developments
gave some animation to the market, in splto
of the tendency to dullness characteristic of the
holiday period. Activity has been largely con
gested in a few speculative favorites and there
has been no evidence of what is called out
side interest in the market, beyond eome in
vestment buying of high grade bonds and
stocks, presumably in anticipation of the Janu
ary disbursements of profits. These disburse
ments will reach unprecedented proportions this
year and will include many new dividend pay
ers, besides the important increase in dlstri
1 bution by old dividend payers. Preparation for
these disbursements makes large temporary de
mands upon the market, and the activity of
the- money market has kept apprehension alive
with flurries caused by calling of leans which
throws stocks held on margin upon the market
and thus militates against operations for an
advance. Sugar has assumed the dominant
position in the market lately held by Amalga
mated Copper, and Its violent decline affected
the whole market, while it lasted. Its equally
violent recovery was an effective factor In
rallying the market. This stock was sold with
reckless freedom by the bears, on the assump
tion that conditions in the trade were analogous
to those recently prevailing in the copper trade,
giving ground for expecting a similar prolonged
I decline in the stock. Their campaign resulted
in a rout. The question of railroad earnings
presents contradictions which have led to sus
picions that conditions have been under manip
ulation for the purpose of influencing public
opinion on the subject of combinations and
community cf ownership. Reports seem agreed
that there is such a preesure of traffic of vari
ous kinds offering to railroads that their car
supply is totally inadequate to accommodate
it. Branches of the Iron trade are reported
in a condition of real distress from inability
to secure delivery cf material or product, and
grain dealers are said to be forced to hold
grain, because there are no cars to carry it.
Cutting of freight rates under these circum
stances forms an anomaly that has given rise
to the suspicion that railroad interests arc
seeking to demonstrate to the public the con
tinued independence of operation of railroad*.,
notwithstanding the community of interest.
Railroad officials assert that the expiration of
annual traffic contracts and the formation of
I new ones explains the present disorganization
1 of freight rates. Signs of solicitude on the
j part of those concerned in the Great Northern
I community of interests have caused some dis
quiet among speculative operators, as the fu
j ture of the stock market is felt to be Intimately
j bound up with that of the mass of securities
concerned . in that transaction. The formal
pronouncement by the president of the Great
Northern, given to the public at the beginning
of the week, was much discussed. It gave rise
[ to some fear that antagonisms remained, in
! spite of the so-called Northern Pacific settle-
I ment, which might leave room for future con-
I test and entanglement. Those who accepted
I the statement as a plea for non-intervention
by State authorities against the Northern Se
curities Company saw in it one of the uigns
of solicitude which might argue a less confi
dent frame of mind among the projectors than
Is publicly professed. Another development
which caused disquietude was the report of de
creased earnings for the third week in Decem
ber as compared with the previous year of the
most representative railroad systems in the
West and Southwest. Explanations are offered
that severe cold weather caused a check to
railroad traffic that is only temporary; that the
cutting of freight rates which probably had to
do with the decreased earnings is also on tem
porary; that comparisons are made with an
extraordinary level of earnings last year, es
pecially in the Southwestern regions. The re
ported decreases had no effect on the prices of
stocks, those which showed marked declines
in earnings leading the strong advance in the
stock market the latter part og the week. The
undertone of speculation has remained con
fident and the belief prevailed that the pass
ing of the year-end money requirements would
be followed by a January rise in prices such
as is not unusual in the stock market. The
clearing conditions in the copper trade, the
extraordinary activity in the iron and steel
industries, the unprecedented holiday trade,
the prosperous conditions of general business
and evidences of relief from the prolonged
crisis? in Germany are all looked to to benefit
the future stock market.
There has been a good absorption of bonds
during the week.
United States coupon 3s and the old 4s ad
vanced % and the 5s registered declined % and
do coupon % per cent from the closing call of
laet week.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison . ." 9.400 SO% 80 80%
Atchison pfd 9,800 102% 102 102*i,
Baltimore & Ohio. 9,500 105% 104 105
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 95 95 93
Canadian Pacific... 300 113% 113% 113'/.
Canada Southern... 100 85% 85% SS4 t
Ches & Ohio 400 47 46% 46%
Chi & Alton 400 35% 35% 35V
Chi & Alton pfd... 300 76% 70% 76%
Chi Ind ft; Loulsvlle 2,400 51% 50% 51
Chi Ind & Louis pf 200 76% 70% 7tt
Chi & Eastern 111.. 300 135 135 135
Chi & Gt Western. 1,500 2i% 24% 2t%
Chi&GtWApfd .... 84%
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 100 48% 48% # 474i
Chi & Northwest ' 2O4
Chi Rk Ifiland & P. .; 150%
Chi Teiin Trans ]5> 4
Chi Term & Tr pfd 29%
C C C & St Louis. 200 98% 98% 98%
Colorado Southern. 6,700 15% 14=54 15
Colo South 1st pfd. 2,700 60 C9% 59%
Colo South 2d pfd. 800 28% 27% 2h-%
Del & Hudson (500 177 176% 176%
Del L»ck & West. 700 250 249% 251
Den & Rio Grande 500 44% 44% 44%
Den & R G pfd... 7«O 95% 94% 94%
Erie 9.200 41% 41% 41%
Erie 1st pfd S.BOO 74 73% 73%
Erie 2d pfd 2,500 00 59% 09% !
Gt Northern pfd... 900 1R5 184% 184%
Hocking Valley 1,900 72 69% 71%
Hocking Val pfd.. 1,000 84% R4 84%
Illinois Central ... 1,300 139% 139% 13»
Iowa Central 37
Iowa Central pfd 71
Lake Erie & West. 1 C8%
L E & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nash. 2,600 107 106% 106%
Manhattan Klevat.,1 1.700 138 137 137^-i
Met Street Ry 1,000 162% 1C2 162
Mexican Central... 6,500 26r5 - 25% 26-"K
Mexican National.. 1,300 14% 14% 14 ri 4
Minn & Rt Louis.. 900 109 107% 108%
Missouri Pacific... 13,200 106% 106" 1064!
Missouri K & Tex. . 400 25% 25% 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 63 52% {.a*-.
New Jersey Cent.. 700 l»0% 188% 189
New York Central. 4,400 1«7% 107 107*1
Norfolk & West... 1,500 57% 07 07 4«
Norf & West pfd fli
Northern Pac pfd.. 200 100 100 90?i
Ontario &. Western. 6,400 35 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 5,300 150 149% 149%
Iteading 63.300 54 52% 53%
Reading 1st pfd 5,500 82% Kl% si%
Reading 2d prd .... 14,300 (52% Cl% e2%
St L & San Fran.. 400 55% 55% 55^
St L& S Fist pfd. 100 Ki K\ 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 2.700 74 73% 7351
f=t Louis Southwest 100 27 27 27
St I^.iifs SW pfd.. 1 57i.i
St Paul 10,600 165% 164% 165%
St Paul nfd lsa
Southern Pacific... 7.300 61% 00% (jo-Z
Southern Railway.. 3.300 33% 33% 33%"
Southern Ry pfd... 1,300 93% 03% 934<,
Texas & Pacific 400 39% 39 39
Tol t=t L & Weet " 19
Tol Et L & W pfd 34%
U^ion Pacific 15,000 103% 103% 10:1%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,300 90 S9% 89%
Wabash 1.100 22% 22U 2*>%
Wabash pfd 7.100 43% 42% 43
Wheeling & L E 18«i
Whl & L E 2<1 pfd. 29%
Wisconsin Central. 200 20% 20% 20%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 41% 41 41%
Exprees Companies —
Adamg mo
American 100 205 205 20T.
"T'nlted States 100 <M 06 9514
Wells Fargo 195 /B
Miscellaneous — . 1 . .
Amalgam Copper . . 33,900 72% 70% 71
Amer Car & F 400 30% :50% 30-4
Amer Car & F pfd. 200 86% 8«% 80«. I
Amer Unseed Oil .... 15
* Amer I~ing O pfd ' ". . 43
Amer Smelt & Ref. 2,400 45 44% 44
Amer S & net pfd. 400 D7% 06% 06
Anaconda Min Co. 2.8C0 S2 31% 34%
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2», 1901.
Brooklyn Rap Trn. ■ 2.DC0 05% C5 05M,
£°'° P«el & Iron.. 200 88 88 87%
Consolidated Gas .. 400 217*1 "17V, "ITiJj
Con Tobacco pfd... : 5C o Tig' 1 Ili/f TlV 4 '
cfn^T al Electric •- 100 283 2S} 283
Gluccse Sugar .-jgu
Hocking Coal .... ; {0 0 Ki" ib% Id
i"^r Paper ....... 200 21% 21Vi 21.
J n J er Paper pfd.... :«}0 70% 75% 7«%
Rational Biscuit .. i66 44>A 44% 44%
SSS.:::; 2 ?° 1C * "*. «$
National Salt pfd '.'. 'ci
SfJfn A . mer ' c »n •• 400 Xi'% 93% 9.1%
PacittcMail 300 45% 45% '45%
People's Gas 5,900 103 102 102%
Pressed Steel Car. 900 W% 39 39%
KSE^P&yS: 'j 400 84Vi 82 * 2 ?f
Republic Steel .... 400 15-71 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd^ 600 <!S% OS C8
m Bar -;' 37,200 118% 115% 117%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,400 U% 64 64%
Union B & P Co.. 100 14 14 14
Vi c ? P .u Co pfd *- J0 ° 7 *% 74% 73
U S Leather 1,000 12 11% 11%
ui^obe e r rPfd " "» S1% 81^ #
U S Rubber pfd'.. ".': '.'.'.'. '."' 43%
U S Steel 15,200 43 42% 42%
U h Steel pfd 4,500 93% 03 03%
vvestern Union ... 1.100 f)l% 91% ill it
Amer Loco 400 31% 31% 31%
Amer Loco pfd 100 90% 00% 9OV4
Total sales 41G.C00
CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg..lO8% L & N Uni 4s 103
D? coup 10U% Mex Cetit 4s 84
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st ino 82%
Do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s. 103
Do new 4s reg.. 139% M K & T 4s 1)7%
Do coup 130V. Do 2ds 82
Do old 5s reg. .111% N Y Cent lsts...lOO%
£0 coup 112% Do gen 3%s ..110
Do 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. 134
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s 105%
Atch gen 4s 103 Nor Pac 3s 73%
„ Do a » djt 4s 95 Nor & WeBt c 4s.lO2%
Balto & O 4s 103% Reading Gen 4s.. 100
Do 3%s 00% s L & I M eon 58.117%
Do conv 4s ..106 S L & S F 4s... 97 Vi
Canada So 2ds...lOU% St L S W lsts... 90%
Cent of Ga Cs. ..lOti-^ Do 2ds 79%
Do 1st inc 70 S A & A P 4s... S9%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7 So Pac 4s ...;... 03%
Chi & Alton 8%s. 86% So Ry 5s 124%
C B & Q new 4*. 98»i Tex & Pac lsts..H9i,5
C M & S P g 43.112% IT St L & W 4s.. 81%
C & N con .1401/*' union Pac 4s 107 "
C R I & P 4s.. ..107%; Do conv 4s 106%
C C C & S L g 4S.1O4 Wabash lsta 118%
Chicago Term 4s. 89% Do 2ds ........ 114
Colo & So 4s 90 Do deb B ', 67
D & R G 4s lCHJ/- West Shore 4s ..114V>
Erie prior lien 4s.l01 Wheel & L E 4s. 91%
Do gen 4s 90% Wls Cent 4s 90%
Ft W & D C »«tS.105% Con Tobacco 4s.. 65%
Hocking Val 4%s.llO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Do prefd 93
Call loans 4%@5% Westingh Com... 85
Time loans ...5 @6 Mining —
Bonds — Adventure ... 20
Atchison 4s ....102 Allouez 3
Gas 1st SO Amalgamated ... 71%
Mex Cent 4s 80 BIngham 24%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.620
Atchison 80% Centennial 13%
Do prefd 102% 1 Dominion Coal .. 49
Boston & Albany .200% I Franklin 13
Boston & Maine.. 191 Isle Royale .... 22
N Y N H & H..211% Mohawk 32
Fitchburg pfd ..144 Old Dominion ... 24%
Union Pacific ...103% Osceola 84
Mex Cent 26% Parrot 31%
Miscellaneous — Quincy 145
Amer Sugar 117% Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 163 | Tamarack 275
Dominion I & S.. 24% Trimountain 35%
Gen Electric 282 Trinity 14%
Mass Electric ... 33% United States ... 14%
Do prefd 01% Utah 24
N E Gas & Coke. 4?i Victoria 5%
United Fruit .... 93% Wlnona 1%
U S Steel 43 Wolverine 52%-
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 Little Chief 12
Alice 4S Ontario 8 00
Breece 16 Ophir ; 70
Brunswick Con .... 75 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va 1 »'>."> Savage 05
Deadwood Terra.. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 24
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes ';..». . ' 40
Iron Stiver 00 Standard ...3 50
Leadville Con 05
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW TORK, Dec. 28. — The statement of
the associated banks for the week ending to
day shows:
Loans, $857,960,200; increase, $954,800.
1 Deposits, «910.86»,800; increase, $6,773,500.
Circulation, $31,856,100; decrease, $73,200.
Legal tenders, $71,000,600; increase, $1,230,
000.
Specie. $103,618,200; Increase, ?2,560,400.
Reserves, $233,608,800; increase, $3,799,400.
Reserve required, $227,717,450; increase,
gi.693,375.
Surplus, $7,891,350; increase, $2,106,025.
The Financier Bays: The traceable move
ments cf money this week, bo far as they af
fected bank conditions, showed an estimated
less to the banks of only $!»£,200 cash. Among
the striking features of the movement was the
j steady flow of currency to New Orleans
I through the Treasury, $900,000 having: thus
•been transferred during the bank week; the
loss to the banks of $2,030,800 through the
fiscal operations of the Government, and : the
tain to the banks on the interior movement
of money, which amounted, deducting tranB
fers, to $1,735,800. The receipts ot currency
from the West were fairly ■ large,' reflecting
shipments by banks In that section to take
advantage of the high money rates at this
center and also the beginning of the return
flow of currency which had been sent to . the
West in response to the early demand arising
from the harvesting of grain. Some Western :
funds doubtless also came hither to meet-In
terest and dividend requirements. The gain
in specie, as indicated by the bank returns,
was $2,569,400, and in legal tenders $1,230,000,
making the total increase in cash $3,799,400.
Loans were augmented by $954,800. The de
posits showed a gain of $8,773,500, which
amount was greater by $2,010,300 than the
total increase of cash and of loans; hence the
statement in this respect was out of harmony.
I Surplus reserve indicated a gain of $2,106,025
and this item now stands at 97,891,850, against
Ml, 525,900 at the corresponding period a year
ago. It Is probable that the statement was
made on rising averages of the cash, for
though transfers to New Orleans through . the
Treasury were large at the end of the bank
week, these were more than offset by receipts
of funds from the interior with which to
meet drafts for January disbursements. It
Is expected that by Monday of this week pay
ments will be made by the Assistant Treasury
at New York of about $3,000,000 for a block
cf $2,500,000 unmatured 4s of 1907, which
were bought for delivery before the end of
the year. There is still due about $1,500,000
on account of the January Interest on Govern
ment bonds, which will be paid during the
current week. Beginning with the new year
1 banks retiring their circulation will forward
through the New York Sub-Treasury nearly
$3,000,000 of lawful money with which to
replace bonds securing such circulation. Those
bonds will then be withdrawn and most likely
they will be sold on the market.
So far as monetary conditions at this center
are concerned, there may be continued tension
until the payments by banks and trust Com
panies for January Interest and dividend* be
come large. Then the distribution of this
money should bring about easier rates, at
least for loans at call on the Stock Exchange.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was quiet on the Stock Exchange !
to-day, but' the tone was still unsatisfactory.
American stocks showed a better tendency,
but this merely reflected New York advices, as
English buying is practically nil. Prices ruled
slightly above parity, but Baltimore and Ohio,
Atchison and Union Pacific were the best fea
tures. Copper was slightly better. . Money
rates were unchanged.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchl
son. 82; do preferred, 104>4: Canadian Pacific,
116%: Denver and Rio Grande, 45%; do pre
ferred. 97M: Northern Pacific preferred. 102;
Southern Pacific, 62%: Union Pacific, 106%:
do preferred, 92; bar silver quiet, 25 ll-16d per
ounce: money, 3% ©4 per cent.
HOPS— Steady, £3 3s@£3 13s.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec ~28.— To-day's etate
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $173,840,531: cold. $116,144,361.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
26,815 barrels; exports, 26,004.- Steady. Win
ter patents, $2 75@4; do straights, ?3 50@3 65;
Minnesota patents. $3 00@4 15: Minnesota ex
tra, ?2 90@a 20; do bakers', $2 95®S 30; winter'
low grades, $2 70@2 80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 33,650 bushels! exports,
57,071. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, SS%c f. 0. b.
afloat and SG-'-bc elevator; No. 1 hard Duluth.
04%c f. o. b. afloat. Options started oft rather
firm on- cables, but soon gave way under an
accumulation of selling orders, combined with
weakness in winter wheat markets. Closed
weak at *4@%c net decline, March, 87%®S82,
closed 87%c: May, S0%@S7Vin. closed 8G%c;
July, Sfi'/iestST^c closed 80%c; December,
S5W(H.S5%c. dosed .S5c ■ •
HOPS — Steady. State, common to choice,
1001 crop, ll@15'/jc; 1000 crop. 8@12c; Pacific
Coast. 1001 crop, 11iH;15c; 1900 crop. 8@12c.
HIDES — Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
10V,c: Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 14Hc.
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic fleece. 25@2Cc.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
7 7-lCc; mild, quiet; Cordova, S@llc. Futures
closed steady and net' unchanged to 5 points
higher. Total sales, 30,750 bags, including
January, ?0 75;. March. $0 95; April, %t 05:
May, ?7 15; June, $7 25; July, $7 35; Septem
ber, $7 50@7 D5; October, $7 CO.
SUGAR — Raw, easy, fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 06 test, 3«ic; molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined, steady; No. C, 4.15c; No. T, 4.05c; No.
8, 4.95c; No. 9, 3.90c; No. 10, 3.85c; No. 11,
3.80c; No. 12, 3.80c; No. 13, 3.75c; No. 14,
3.75c; standard A, 4.55c; confectioners' A.
4.55c; mold A, 5.10c; cut loaf, 5.25c; crushed,
5.25c; powdered, 4.85c; granulated, 4.75c;
cubes. 5c. • . .
BUTTER— Receipts. 5500 packages. Steady.
State dairy. 15@23c; creamery, lG@25c; June
creamery, 15fi21!'.c; factory. 12 1 /4@15%c.
EGGS — Receipts, (J700 packages. Quiet and
steady. Western, at mark, 23@28c.
• , DRIED FRUITS. '
The market for evaporated apples was quiet
and steady at unchanged prices. State, com
mon to good, 6®8%c; prime, 9@9%c; choice,
9%@10c; fancy. 10H@llc.
California dried fruits were featureless.
PRUNES— 3% @7c.
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 0V
14c.
PEACHES — Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 7%@
12J£C. i
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28. — May wheat opened I
%@%c higher at 82%@82%c and quickly sold
to S2Vic under the unexpected help of Liver
pool cables, which showed an advance in the
face of the weakness on this side yesterday.
For a time prices held steady on a fair amount
of local buying. Reports showing that stocks
were accumulating at primary points gave rise
to the natural expectation of a big visible" re
port Monday, this serving to weaken bull con
fidence somewhat. The feelings of holders
were further molested by the decline in Liver
pool spot markets, which made the advance in
futures at the market look like manipulation
from this side. The support which has been
forthcoming for May by local operators failed
to appear and as there were numerous stop
loss orders at that figure the . market broke
sharply to 81%@Sl%c and closed weak, %c
under yesterday, at Sl%c.
The corn market ruled firm early, but broke
later with wheat. May closed weak, %c down,
at ii6U@UGVic.
Oats was purely a scalping market. May
closed U c. lower at 45c.
The trade In provisions was light and fluc
tuations narrow. The tone was steady, al
though profit taking resulted in a slight de
cline. May pork and lard each closed 5c down
and ribs 2%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open " High Low Close
Wheat No. 2 —
December .. 78% 78ft 77% 77%
May HiVi S2& 81ft 81%
July 82& 82% 81 81 %
Corn No. 2—
December . . 63% 64 63^ 63%
May 66% 60% 66 " 66%
July 66% 66^ 65^ 65%
Oats No. 2—
December .. 44% 44% 44 44
May 45% 46% 44% 45
July 39% 39% 38% *38%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 16 75 16 75 16 75 10 75
May 17 30 17 80 17 17% 17 25
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January ....10 05 10 15 10 02V& 10 05
May 10 10 10 15 10 02y a 10 07%
i Short Ribs, Der 100 pounds —
January .... 8 50 8 65 8 50 8 55
May 8 82% 8 85 8 80 8 82%
Cash Quotations were as follows:
! Flour, . steady; No.. It spring wheat, 74@78c;
I No. 2 red, 84%@86c; No. 2 corn, 63V4c; No. 2
yellow, G3')4c: No. 2 oats, 45%(^48c; No. 2 white,
47'4@47%c; No. 3 white. 46@47c;VNo. 2 rye,
£5%c: fair to choice malting barley, 60f<:63c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 58; No. 1 Northwestern, fl 60;
I prime timothy seed, $6 35; mess pork, per bar
rel, $15 80@15 00; lard, per 100 pounds, $10 J)5
(f/10 07%; short ribs sides (loose), $8 50@8 60;
Cry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%«?7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $8 90@9; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 32; -clover, contract grade,
$0 50. -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 97,000 70,000
Wheat, bushels 109 000 29,000
Corn, bushels ..155,000 72,000
Oats, bushels... 247.000 158.000
Rye. bushels 20,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 71,000 29,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamerlon, 15@24%c
dairies. 13%?T2Oc. Cheese, steady, 9V4@10%c
Eggs, weak; fresh, 23@24c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ■ March. May.
Opening 6 3% 6 4
Closing 0 3% ' 64
PARIS. .
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 90 22 75
Closing 21 95 22 75
Flour —
Opening 27 70 28 05
Closing 27 70 28 75
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. ,
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— CATTLE — Receipts, "
300. Dull, steady. Good to prime steers, $6 40
@7 25; Door to medium, $3 75@5 00; stockers
and feeders, $2@4 25; cows, $1@4 65; heifers,
$1 50@5 25; canncrs, $1@2 20: "bulls, $1 75@
4 50; calves, $2 50^6; Texas fed steers, $3 15
@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18,000; Monday, 43,
000; left over, 3000. Active and strong to 10c
higher. Mixed and butchers', $5 <J0@0 65:
good to choice heavy, $6 30@6 72^4 ; rough
heavy, S5 00®7 20; light, $5 35@6; " bulk, of
sales, $5 90«0 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500. Sheep, steadyr
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers, $4®
4 60; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 90; Western
sheep, fed, $2 50@4 25; native lambs, $3@6 05.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 40. Market nominal. Natives, $3 50®
7 35; cows and heifers, $1 25® 5 25; veals,
$2 50@5 50; atockers and feeders, $2@4 26.
HOGS — Receipts, 4400. Market steady. Light
and light mixed. $6 15@fJ 80; medium and
heavy, $5 55@5 85; pigs, $4 25@5 35.
SHEEP — Receipts, 100. Stronger. Top
lambs, $5 75; ewes, $3 60; yearlings, $3 50.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. — There were rumors
afloat that lake copper had sold at $12, ..but
this was without confirmation and at the close
the old quotations were the basis, $13 for
lake. $12 87% for electrolytic and $12 50 for
casting.
Tin was very quiet and unchanged at $23 50
023 75.
Lead was dull at $4 and spelter was dull
and unchanged at $4 40.
Iron was quiet and unchanged. PlglrOn war
rants. $10 50@ll 50; No. 1 Northern foundry.
$15 DO@1O; No. 2 foundry, Southern, $14 50®
15 50; No. 1 foundry, Southern, (15 60@16; No.
1 foundry. Southern, soft, $15@17.
There were no advices from abroad.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week .are valued at $12,330,338.
The extorts of specie from thiB port to all
countries for the week aggregated $923,440 in
silver and $70,243 In gold. The imports of
specie this week wero $97,191 gold and $11,785
silver.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. . 28.— Cotton closed un-
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec; 28. — Consols. 84%; silver,
25 H-16d; French rentes, lOOf 35c; wheat car
goes on . passage, quiet and steady; Walla
Walla. 29s 3d J.English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 28. — Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. Ca 5d@6s 5V4d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet. ,
COTTON— Uplands, 4 19-32d.
'■J:- Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Dec. ; 28.— Clearings, $283,831;
balances, $69,877.
Northern Wheat Market.
" ' ■■- ". . ■ .- ' -
; . . ■ OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 28.— Wheat easier, but
gales are still being made at 62c for Walla
Walla and 63c tor bluestem.
Cleared — Steamer • Pembrokeshire, for St.
Vincent, with 216.548 bushels of wheat.
. -WASHINGTON. ■
TAC0MA., Dec. ; 28.— Wheat l%@2c higher.
Bluestem, 63c; club, 01 %c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and Mexican . dollars are higher. Do
mestic exchange is lower. . . -
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $798,
905. consisting of $093,080 in Mexican dollais,
$1020 in gold coin and $104,800 in sihvr bul
lion. ■
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — $4 SIM
Sterling Exchange, sight — - - 4 87 Vi •
Sterling Cables — 4 88 'A
New York Exchange, sight — - 02^
New York Exch'ge, telegraph — 05
Stiver, per ounce • — • 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... 44'6 @ 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher" and
Paris futures weak. ,
Chicago declined from 82c to 81%q. The
market opened firmer on better foreign advices,
but fell off, with Cudahy and other, local bears
selling. Offerings were in excess of the Jp
mand. The speculative sentiment is reported
quiet and bullish, but the load is large. The
forthcoming Government report is a wet blan- I
ket on the market and the professionals- wiH ■
keep out until it is issued. ■ . . ,.
In this market futures were off slightly and
shipping descriptions were also a fraction
lower. . .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling. *1 07V,
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— May— 10,000 ctls, $108&-
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctla,
$1 OS; 8000, $1 OSVa. • ' • .' •
BARLEY — Although sellers are asking 82V5c
there are no reported sales at this figure, and
some • very choice bright lots of Feed have
changed hands at 81 which is . therefore
about the top of the market. There is.no
especial activity.
Feed, 81 '4 c for choice bright, flOc for
No. 1 and 77Vi@"8-'Jic for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 8r>@87%c; Chevalier, S0c@
$1 per ctl. . .
CALL BOARD SALES. • '
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
80%c. : .
OATS — The market continues very firm,
chltfly on account of the large Government or
ders already mentioned, though there is a very
fair local demand.
Grays, $1 2O@l 25: whites, $1 2001 37%; Sur
prise, ?1 30@l 40; black,, ?1 07%@i 15 for feed
and ?1 20@l 25 for seed; red, $1 17&@1 20
per ctl for feed and ?1 30@l 37^. for seed.
CORN^-The Chicago market is slow and
tending downward. The high prices chwfr spec
ulation and cash -Corn is pressing moro or
Ies3 for sale. ■■■ . . -
This market is dull and not materially
changed.
- Large yellow. $1 30@l 35: small round do,
$1 35(8)1 40; white, $1 32%@1 35 per ctl.
RYE — Firmly held at 77>/-@81V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 «5 per cental.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 250
3 CO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel .for family and
$2 75«j)3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',
?2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, .$2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour, §7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats,?5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 00; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@
8 35; in sacks, *ti 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Hay are firm at the advance noted
yesterday, with light receipts of both. Rolled
Barley Is higher.
BRAN— $17 50@18 50.
MIDDLINGS— $l(>@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Job
bing, $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $2C@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50332:
Mixed Feed, $16@17. • . . •
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 CO; fancy, "512; Wheat
and Oat, $9@11 50: Oat, $7 50@10 50; ' Barley
and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa, $8@10; Clover,
$6 50@7 50; Volunteer, $U@8 50; Stock, $5 50
@7 BO per ton.
i STRAW— 30®47 #c per bale.
Beans^ and Seeds. ■ . ' <
Beans are showing. more strength again. The
inquiry for shipment is reappearing* though
not much business has yet resulted. Prices' are
firm; but unchanged. Stocks in dealers' hands
are reported light, but there, are plenty in the
country.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30@2 40;r " : Small White,
$2 75@3 15; "Large White, $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink. $1 80®2 10: Red. $2 50@3; Black
eye, $3 50@3 60: Limas, $4 25®4 CO; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, ?3 25@3 CO; Flax, $2 40^:2 CO; Ca
nary, 3V4@« 1 /6o • for • Eastern: Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8&c; Rape, lV4@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25®1 C5; Green.
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes and Onions are moder
ate. Choice Salinas and Oregon Burbanks are
quoted firm, while lower grade Rivers are
rather slow. <>
Two cars of Oregon Onions came in. A car
of Sweets from Merced was held over for to
morrow.
Vegetables remain about as before quoted.
POTATOES' — SOc4z$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 65; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 20@l 60; River Reds, $1 50®
1 60; Sweets. 85c@$l for Merced.
ONIONS — $1 65@1 85 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
@1 00. . .
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. 7@10c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
7® 10c; Cabbage, 4o@00c per otl; Los Angeles
Tomatoes, 75c@$2 per box and $1 50@2 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9@12' / ic per lb; Los An
geles do, 15@17>4c; Dried Okra, . 12%@15c per
lb; Carrots, 85@50c per sack; Cucumbers, 20©
50c; hothouse do, 50@75c per dozen, with $1 50
per dozen for fancy; Garlic,! l'/i@2Vic;- Los
Angeles Green Peppers, 6c; Egg Plant, from !
Los Angeles, 10@15c; Summer Squash, from Los ■
Angeles, ; Marrowfat Squash, $5@8 -per
ton; Hubbard Squash. ?f>@8; Mushrooms, nom
inal. .
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of local stock were light, as usual
on Saturday, and cleaned up well, the market
being firm. Two cars of Eastern are an
nounced for to-morrow.
Arrivals of Game were light, being S7 sacks,
and prices were rather firmer.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@lSc; Live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and 14<g>15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $175®-'; Goslings,
$2@2 26; Ducks, $4 60@5 for old . and $5@6
for young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $4 50
@5; old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and $3@3 50 . for
email ; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
RabbitH. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3@3 60; Canvasback, $2 50@3 50;
Sprig, $1 75@2; Teal, $1@1 25; Widgeon, $1®
125; Small Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1; English j
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 60; Gray Geese, $3 50;
White Geese, $1 50; Brant, $1 50@2 per dozen;
Honkers. $3@4 50.' •; • ' .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Stocks of Butter and Eggs continue moderate,
the best grades in particular, and even the
lower grades are not over plentiful. There is
enough of both to go around, however. The
demand is very fair and prices are maintained.
Cheese continues in liberal supply and weak.
Receipts were 83,200 pounds of- Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, -477 cases of Eggs,
— — cases of Eastern Eggs, 8400 pounds i of
California Cheese and 21S0 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 25®2Cc per lb. for fancy
and 20@23c for seconds: dairy. 17%@22c:
store Butter. 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll, 18@10c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12c; old, 10^@ll%c; Young
America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. ; » • ■
•EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for i selected large:
31@33c for good to choice and 30@32c for fair;
store, 24@27%c per dozen; cold storage, 20@
25c; Eastern, 20@26c. * . ■
i . • ' . — . -' .' .;. "' '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Eastern Cranberries are about out. There
are a few Jerseys . left, and they are selling
oft at the quotation below.
Ripe, well-colored Navels are firm at a slight
advance,' and are cleaning up. Green' Oranges \
continue quiet. Three cars are announced for
to-morrow's auction.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
(g$l 25 for good to choice and.25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, 75c@$l 50.
PEARS — Winter klndw. 75e@$2 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS — 25®5Oc per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, $10 per barrel •
Coos Bay, $2 50 per box. " ,-
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75cff?$l :
for standards,' ?1 23@1 50 for choice and $1 75^ I
2 25 for fancy; Seedlings, 75c(g?l 25; Tanger
ines, $1 25@1 50; Japanese Mandarins,-- -75c<^$l ;
Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $1 50@2 for
good to choice, and $2 50@3 for. fancy; Grape I
Fruit, $2@!3;^Mexican Limes, $-t@4 50; Bananas,
$1 75<§2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c
@1 75 for Hawaiian;, Pineapples, $3@4 per
■Dried Fruits, Nuts and. Raisins..
Choice Pears are wanted, but the supply is
light" and there are np large lota to be had.
The same may be said of Peaches. Both, of
these fruits are very firm. There are sufficient
Apricots here, but the high prices tend to re
strict the demand. Prunes", Raisins and evap
orated Apples rule strong. Prunes in particular.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7®SVSe for Royals and S
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples. 7@SV4c: stm-drled. 4®4Vic;
Peaches, 5@7 : )ic: Pears, 4%@3%c; Plums,
pitted, 4@5Vjc; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines. 5®
5%c for red and 5%@C^c fdr white; Figs, 4c
for black and C0@75c per box for white.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, ClgCV-c; 40-50" s, 4%@5V4c; 50-GO's,
4%@4%c;'e0-70's, 3%@4^c; TU-SO'b. 3%@3%e;
80-aO's, 2%@3Hc; 00-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box) : Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. ?2 50; fancy, fl 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London' Layers — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25.. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-croWn. 5%c; three
erown 5J4c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
1 tela Gc: Seedless Sultanas,' 5^c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8ftc;
choice, 7%c; standard., C%c; prime, 5%c: un-
I bleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompson's —
1 Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice.- »c: stand
ard 7%c; prime. 6>4c. ■ Fancy seeded, 7c:
choice seeded. 6%c; do la bulk, fancy. 6%c:
choice. 6%c per lb.
I NUTS — Chestnuts. 10<eilc: Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 8(3S%c: No. 1 bardshel:,
9c: No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 10^a@12c for . paper
shell. .9@10c for softshell and C@7c for hard
shell: "Peanuts,' 5@7c for /Eastern;" Brazil' Nuts,
12@12V-c; Filberts. 12@12ttc: Pecafis, ll@iac;
< Coeoanuts. $3 50® 5. ?: *"..•''
HONET— Comb. 12@12Vie for bright and 10®
; ll%c for light amber; water Whit* extracted.
G@0e: light amber, extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27^@29c per lb,
.•> - Provisions. -
The Chicago market was ■ quiet . and lower.
Stocks showed some increased 'The country was
still .bullish. . . • '.. .
The San Francisco market was dull and un
changed. ■'•••" • ,
CURED . MEATS— Bacon. 12c- . per lb for,
heavy, -12%c for light mediant, 13 He for light.
14M.e lor, extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 1214c; Mess Beef. $10(3110 50 per barrel:
extra Mess. $11@11 60; Family. $12312 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50323;
Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%« per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels,
pure, ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12%c; fl-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half -barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces,' 9%c p«r lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and trends sell
about l%c under quotations. .. Heavy . salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 0%c: Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 8®9%c for light;
Bugs. 7c: Salted Kip. »%c; Salted Veal. 9%e:
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c;' Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheenskins. shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool.- 40@60c each; medium. 605?85c; long
Wool. S0c@$l 10 each:' Horse Hides, salt.
82 C0@2 75 for large and $2®2 25 for medium.
$175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25®1 B0 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 85c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; .winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c t large and
smooth. EOc; medium, .33c. . ....
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Cc per lt»: No. 2.
4%<35c: grease, 3c.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin, 8@8e; San Joaqutn
Lambs', 7%@8^c; Middle County. S@10c per
pound. .
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10015s
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
' Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
a very firm feeling. ;
Wholesale rates frpm slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . ' r .
BEEF — 7%@8ii4c for Steers and 6t£#7c per
lb for Cows. • •
VEAL — Large. 7@8%c; small. 8©10c per lb.
MUTTON^rWethers. 8@8%c;. Ewes. 7%e$c
- per lb.
LAMB— B@9*4c per lb. ■ ■ ■ •■ . . ■
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 230 Ins. 6c;
under 150 lbs, 5%@3%c; bows 20 per cent off:
boars. 30 per cent off. aTid stags 40 p«r cent
off from the above quotation*; dressed Hogs,
7@Stta iil i; ;■
General. Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make, '/jc less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32©35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southflald
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $G 50; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $3 5O; co-oi>erative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $10;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per. ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand. ■ •
OILS — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. I,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
67c; raw, 65c; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 58c for
boiled and 5Cc for raw in barrels; .Lard OH,
extra winter strained, barrels. S5c; cases. 90c;
1 China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases, T5c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural whit«, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c; cases, 42^o; Cocoanut
OH, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 5SHc for
i Australian. • •. • - - ■
COAL. OIL — "Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c: deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 13c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;. in cases,
20Vjc; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In
cases. • 26%«. -
TURPENTINE— 68%c . per gallon in case*
and 52: in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb -bags: "■
■ Cubes, Crushed and Fine - Crushed, 6.05c;
Powdered. 4.9Oc; Candy- Granulated, 4.90c;
Dry Granulated, 4. 80c ; Confectioners' " A. 4.80c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c; Magnolia A, 4.40c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50o more;
60-lb bags. 10c more. I'o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos.
hall-barrels, 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
T^ — . • ■•
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 28.
Flour, qr sks... 14,220 Wool, sks ..... .33
Wheat, ctls 78,944 Hay, tons 1301
Barley, ctls ... 8,830 Straw, tons..... 23
Oats, ctls 1,455 Broomcorn. bdls 387
Corn, ctla 1.000 Shorts, sks 100
Rye, ct!s 2.500 Leather, rolls... 79
Sugar, ctls ;... 10.S0S Wine. gals.. . . .-38i30<>
Tallow, ctls ... • 234 Quicksilver, flsk ' 60
Potatoes, sks... 918 Pelts, bdls .... 175
Bran, sks 1,172; Hides, no .. 685
Middlings, sks.. 2S0 | Llme, bb.'s .... 91
Onions, sks c . .. v 769 1 Paper, rms .... 87JJ
Mustard, sks .. • 1061 -» '
' - .'. . OREGON.
Oats, ctls ...... 560| Wool, bales 42
STOCK MARKET.
Alaska Packers continued to advance, selling
up to $172 50. Otherwise local stocks . were
featureless. On the Oil Exchange there was
come activity In Monarch at 17©20c. • ""'?
: Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
22,233, shares, valued' at $10,870. the leading
sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 2Q60 shares;
California Standard, 4400; Junction, 1500;T«
troleum Center, 3080; - Reed. 1000; Superior
269S; Oil City. 1000; Lion. 12T»0; Monarch, 21 00.
The French Savings and. Loan Society has
declared a- dividend -of 3.60 per cent "per an
num on term deposits and 3 per 'cent on ordi
nary deposits. ' payable January 2.
The Geary Street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company has declared a dividend of $1 per
share, payable on the 30th inst.
v The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay"
a dividend of $1- per share on the- 30th Inst.
• Thirty-three and Imperial Oil companies
have declared dividends of 10c and 20c re
spectively. - ; • ■. ' -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
S ATITRTIAT, Dec. 28—12 m.
UNTTEP STATES BONDS.
• ' "' Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
4s quar coup.112%113% 4s qr c (new)139HH0
4s quar reg. .111 %112% fa quar coup. 108%
.. . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s.lOSftlO9 Oceanic 5s... — ...!_
Cal-st 5s. 1. 119 — Qmbus C 6s.l20Ul32
C C Wat 5s. Ill — Pac G Im 4s 06 100
Ed L & P Gs. — - — Pk& C -H 6s — ir>
Fer&C H 6s.l2O — Pk&O R 6s.. 121 __
Geary-st5s.. — 100 Pwl-st R 6s. 118X4120
H C&S 5'^s. — — Sac EGR 5s. O7U.
Do5s 00% — . SF &.SJV5s. — J23U
L Ang R 5s. 118 110 . Sierra Cal 6s — -_
L A Lght.Cs.101M,:— S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6s. 100 — (1900). ... .113^114
Do gtd 5s.l02%105U (1010) ... __
L A & P 5s. 90 — S P of Cal 6s
Do' lem 5s. 101 103 (l»0i})Sr 'A.-»OT%
Mkt-st C 6s, 127% — (1005)5r B.108% —
Do lem Ss; — 123 (1900) HOUlll
N It Cal 6S..112H •_, (1912) ....120 —
Do 5s 1211,4 -- S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 53.107% — c gntd 5s. 110
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113-,£ S P BrCal6s.l3tt —
Oak Gas 5s. .113>ill»- S V Wat Cs.llliili''
Oak Tran Cs.124 125 Do 4s ....102*? —
Do 1st cos— 112 Do 4s Sd mlOl' 101'i
Oak W k 3s. 105 — Ktktn Gan 0s.lt)2 *
. . WATER STOCKS.
Contra- Costa 74% 70 I Port Costa.. G?,V, 68
Marln Co . . . 5s . — ; Snrinsr Val.. 86H buvi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2V t pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sacramento . — 33
Mutual — 5& S F.G & E: 42U ill
O G L & H. 61% 52\fc San Fran 5« 5%
Pac Gas Imp 07% 41Wt.Btktn G & E. a -
' INSURANCE. \%r.'£:
Firm's Fnd.245 — »J
.'/..-. BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — |L P & A. ...162 168
California ..41* — Mer Ex (Uq). 18^4 —
Cal Safe Dp.llO'/i — S F Natlonl.135 —
First Natnl..33O — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1940 — !Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — .Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav. BK — | Union Trst.lSOO —
S F Sav U.525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..15o — (Market 8974 JW&
G«ary — 50^ I Proiidio .... 35 — .
POWPER. /
Giant 81 82Vi'Vlgorit 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana C 3% — iKilauea .... — 12
Hawaiian ..34. — Makawell . . 2o —
Honokaa ... 1O 10% Onomea .,.. 22 J, —
Hutchlnson . 14 V» 15 lPaauhau ... lO^s lO 1 ,^
MISCELLANEpUS.
; Alaska Pack.l72Vjl7-{ I Oceanic S C. 36^ —
Cal Fruit As. 93 1C0 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 90 — Pac C Borx.165 ;— . .
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint ,. . 15 —
Morning Session.
. Board — „.
£.-» Alaska Packers' Assn 172 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 1<2 oO
25 Giant Powder Consolidated 81 o»»
|.10OO Hawaiian C & S Co. 5s 00 i>o
35 Onomea Su:?ar Co •••• 23 OO
tSOOO S. P. of Arizona (1900) 113 i«»
30 Sprinsr Valley SO 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
' Board —
1000 Cala-Standard •♦• -• J™
500 Monarch of Arizona •••• J*
000 Monarch of Arizona 'IS
100 Mocarch of Arizona 1»
5<x> Monarch cf Arizona ••• 3O
2OO Sterling * *»
508 Superior 0^
' MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
900 Andes 02 COO Ophir 9«
200 Best & Bel.. 18 100 Overman .... II
100 Best & Bel.. 17 ICO Potosl W
10O Caledonia ... 25 700 Savage 08
200 C C tt Va....l 70 1O0O Sierra N«v... 28
300 Confidence ... Cfl 10O Union Con... 25
600 Gould & Cur. 10 50 Union Con... 23
200 Mexiean 7S 100 Yellow Jack.. U
400 Mexican 7S
-Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: ■ . >.'•;'
Morninr Session.
500 Best & Bel... 20 200 Ophlr 99
100 Best &. Bel... 17 900 Overman .... 10
StOO Best & Bel... 18 700 Overman .... It
500 Challenge Con 15 600 Savage 05
200 C C & V*. . . .1 70 300 Sierra Nevada 28
200 C C & Va..l 67}a 300 Sierra Nevada 24
200 C C & Va 1 65 200 Silver Hill... 39
500 Crown Point. 03 200 Union Con... 27
800 Gould Ml Cur. 10 700 Union Con... : 26
1500 Gould & Cur. 11 600 Union Con... 23
200 Mexican 75 500 Utah 08
200 Mexican 70 600 Utah 07
400 Mexican 71
- CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. • Dec. 28—13 m.
Alpha ....... 02 — (Justice 08 07
Alta ........ 04 06{Kentuck — 02
Andes ......... 01 .02 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher 13 15! Mexican 60 «3.
Best & Bel... 17 18! Occidental ... 04 05
Bullion 02 • 03 Ophir 85 86
Caledonia »«• 24 25 Overman .... 10 11
Challenge Con" 15 "16 Potosi ....... 04 05
Chollar 05 06 Savage 05 08
Confidence ... 68 69! Scorpion ••-• — ©4
Con C & Va.l 60 1 70 Seg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 22 23
Ccn N York.. 01 — Silver Hill... 87 38
Crown Point. 03 04 St Loals — 04
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard .... — 3 50
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate .... — 06
Gould & Cur. 09 10 Union Con... 22 23
Hale & Nor.. 18 20 Utah 06 07
julla — 01 Yellow Jack.. 10 11
KEAL ESTATE TBANSACTI01TS.
: B. W., C. and Alwllda C. R. Christiansen
to Charles F. and Annie Manton, lot on E line
of York 8tre«t. 187 N of Twenty-fifth. N 28
by B 100: |10.
Julia Bressler to Charles S. Laumeister, lot
on SE corner of Union and Battery streets, B
25 by S 120; grant. .
Jeannette or Jennie Bernstein (wife of
Gerson) to Oscar Bernstein, re-record 1338 D.
119 lot on SE line of Natoma street, 87:8 NE
from SW Una 100-vara lot 203. NE 25 by SE"
70 (SE Natoma 362:6 NE Sixth. NE 25 by SE
John 6'Kane to James D. O'Kane. lot on
SW line of Sixth street. 6O NW of Minna. ITW
25 by 75; also lot on NW line of Natoma
Street. 75 NW of Sixth, 25 by 75: gift.
Estate of Caroline Gilbert (by Clarence C.
Burr, executor) to Susan F. Falrfleld. lot on
W line of Utah street. 59 S of Seventeenth. 3
25 by W 100; $748.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Irving M Scott Jr.. lot on NE corner of Nine
teenth and Missouri streets, N 25 by E 100;
Patrick F. and Mary A. Bird to J. Frank
Ball lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 150 S
of Lake street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
1 Julia Bressler to Eliza A. Stevens, 1S0O D
; 159 all Interest In estate of George Stevens.
No. 9163. San Francisco, reconveyance deed;
S3C0
Same to same, 1S9O D. 150. all Interest in
same, reconveyance deed; grant.
S. and H. Lachman Estate (corporation) to
Andrew Hunker, lot on SE corner of Pacific
and Van Ness avenues, S 27:8 by E 100; $100.
John W. Quick to H. P. Conrady. lot on 3
line of Washington street, 106:3 W of Baker.
W 25 by S 127 :8K; *!<>•
Cora B. Smith to Tomasao Bogliotti, lot on
W line of Cherry street. 100 S cf Clay, 3 27:8^4
by W 105:4; $10.
George McLeod to Elizabeth Dorety, lot on
S line of Ridley street. 105 W of Mission, W
25, S 90, NB 25. N 86:3; gift.
G. W. and Clara Luce to Union Investment
Company (corporation), lot on W line of
Church street, 173 S of Thirteenth. S 24 by W
125; $10.
Samuel - Morgenstern to Joseph T. Senecal.
lot on E line of Leavenwortb street. 22:11 S
of Sacramento, S 22:11 by E SO; 110.
Same to same, lot en £ line of Leavenworth
street 45:10 S of Sacramento, S :3 by E 40; $5.
Same to Laura A. Phelps (widow), lot on W
line of Golden court. 45:10 3 of Sacramento
street, also 80 E of Leavenworth, S :3 by W
40: $5. . .
Lange Investment Company (corporation) to
Adam Beck, lot on N line of Vallejo street. 110
E of Larkin, E 83:6. N 62:6. XT 66. N IS. W
27:0. S 137:6; $10.
Daniel and Kate Murphy to Alexander Bond,
lot on SW line of Harriet street; 225 SS ot
Bryant, SE 25 by SW 80; $10.
Joseph T. Cooney to Virginia C and Ads
T. Cooney, lot on B line of Ninth avenue. 125
S of C street. 8 25 by E 120; also lot on SI
line of Seventeenth avenue. 100 3 of B street,
S 75 by E 12O; $2200.
Joseph C. and Emma W. Mltchelson, Charle*
A. and Helen G. Hlbbard to Carrie S. Hen
derson (wife of Charles S.), lot on NW lina of
Sears street. 105 NE of Sickles, XE 60 by NW
100, subdivision* 21 and 22, block 9. West End
map 2; $10.
Alameda Comity.
Oakland Paving Company (ccrnorattan) to
George Sterling, lot on NW corner of Twenty
fourth and Feral ta streets. N 375:8 by W 180.
portion block 768, Hougham Tract, Oakland;
also lot on W line of Peralta. street. 100 S of
Twenty-eighth, 3 241.84, W 180. N 18* to
point 100 S of Twenty-eighth, thence la a
straight line E 1S7:6%, portion block T83.
same, Oakland: also lota 1 to 3, block K,
lands Peralta Homestead Association. Oakland;
also lot on XW line of Peralta street. 97:3
SW HeUen or Horton street, SW 85.11» N
116:9, E 61.90, S 58.40, portion block N, same.
Oakland; also block L. same. Oakland: also
lot en NW- corner Twentieth and Cypress
streets, N 3S2.8C, W 25.42. S 400.01. E 140 to
beginning, portion block 3, map Survey N Ex -
tension. Oakland: lots 8 to 10, IS to 20, block
2. same. Oakland; lot on SW corner of Twen
tieth and Peralta. streets, S 522:6. W 224. N
parallel with said line of Peralta street to
Encinal line. E to S line Twentieth, thence K
alons 3 line Twentieth, to besrinninsr. portion
block 741, Boardman's map. Oakland*; also lota
1 to S. block Z. map survey N Extension, Oak
land; also lof on NW corner Feralta ana
Twentieth streets. N 450 by W 180. portion
block 7S4, Hougham Tract. Oakland; $10.
Evelyn Ames (wife of J. F.) to Elizabeth V.
Htnkle (widow of J. M.). lot on NS corner of
Delger 'or Twentieth and 1 Franklin streets. N
68, , E 55. SW 74.42. W 50, Oakland, oult
clalm deed; $10.
Mary T. Raymond (widow) to Frederick H.
Clark, lot on W line of Piedmont avenue 50
N of Kearney avenue, N 50 by W 135, block
2. map property John Kearney, etc., Berkeley;
■ tletltia Hountre« <wldo-w> to Eliza A. East
man (widow), Frank G. Eastman and Laura
E. Abbott, lot on S line of University avenue
625 W of Sacramento street S 275.20 by W
312. lots 7 to 0, block 1. Shaw Tract, cuit
claim de*d, Berkeley; $1. .
Eliza A. Eastman (widow). Frank G and
Lavilla Eastman (wife). S. B. Abbott' and
Laura E. Abbott (wife of S. B.) (hy her attor
ney. F. G. Eastman) to George Sterling same.
Berkeley: $10.
E. J. Overend to Virginia Miller (McLearn)
(wife of W. H-), lot on E line of Ellis street.
MNof I>rince. E 12O. N 33.46. W 12O. S 42.
deed made to correct error arising by reason of
commissioner's deed In case No. 167SO quit
claim deed, Berkeley: $10.
Cosmos Land and Water Company to Wil
liam Anzenhofer, lot on TV line of Pine street.
320 S of Durant. a 40 by \v l.T4:7. portion bloc!t
, tl. property Berkeley Villa Association, Berke-
Builders' Contracts.
Herman and Ida Meyer (owners) with M. J.
■ Savage (contractor), architect Hermann Earth
— AH work except gas fixtures ami shades for
a two-»tory frame bulKling with basement am!
attic on NE corner of La?ima and Eddy
streets, E 46 by N 120; $7050.
I L. and M. Alexander (owner?) with Thomas
, Elam (contractor), architect M. J. Lyon — All
work for a one and one-half story frame laun
dry and stable building on E line of Mission
street, 80 N of Fifteenth. E 1HO by N 05: $lH7o.
Morris SfmlnofT (owner) with tt. P. Hurlbut
(contractor), architect Newton J. Tharp — Exca
vation, grading, brick work, cementing,-sand
stone work basement, window- frames, for a
three-story frame building with brick' base
1 ment (flats) on NW corner of Halght and
Brodcrick streets, W 35 by N 110, W. A. SZi;
*M5U.
:» fr
3536
ESTIMATES OF COST OF WATER SUPPLY
ARE INCREASED BY BOARD OF WORKS
Comparison of Reports Made for Private Corporations
With Those Made by City Engineer Grunsky for Use in
Proposed Bond Election Show His Figures Are Higher
AN Interesting progressive report Is
expected from Supervisor Reed
to-morrow afternoon at the
meeting of the Board of Super
visors on the question of public
utilities and suppressed reports in the
keeping of the Board of Public Works.
Supervisor Reed left the city shortly after
the meeting of the Committee on Public
Utilities of the Board of Supervisors on
Friday afternoon, taking vrith him for
study the report of Engineer Luther Wag
oner on the proposed Tuolumne River
supply of water for municipal purposes.
Wagoner stands high in his profession
and has for years been called upon to
make estimates and superintend work for
tome of the largest enterprises on the
continent. For years he was connected
\rith the United States Geological Survey
and has an Intimate acquaintance with
the formation of all parts of California-
He made a report placing the cost of
bringing a water supply to San Fran
cisco from the headwaters of the
Tuolumne River at $28,000,000. The Board
of Public Works added $10,000,000 to his
estimate. Supervisor Reed wished to find
out why this big sum was added and he
had a lively time with the members of
the Board of Public Works before he
could secure the information to which
as a public official he felt he was en
titled.
The report on the Tuolumne River
project was not the only one which
showed a raising of the estimate. Even
the estimates of the venerable president
of the Board of Public Works were made
subject for revision an<i Increase. When
Colonel Mendell was a his prime he
made an estimate as to the cost of bring
ing water from Lake Tahoe. His figures
■were $20,512,000 and his report and esti
mates are regarded by engineers as prac
tically a text book.
When the engineers of the Board of
Public Works submitted their estimate
for this purpose the figures were raised
to $29,400,000 by City Engineer Grunsky,
PLOT TO KIDNAP
IS FRUSTRATED
Son of George J. Gould
the Intended Victim
of Criminals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XEW YORK, Dec 28.— Mrs. George J.
Gculd attended the matinee to-day ac
companied by her three beautifully dress
ed little children, who attracted great at
tention by reason of their charming ap
pearance. Two men in a saloon adjoining
the theater were overheard discussing
plans for kidnaping her little son "Jay."
"They are In a hired vehicle to-day and
it has been called for 4 o'clock^ when
there -will be nothing doing in front and
a clear street. Our machine has twice
the speed and there will be no catching
us with a good start," said one of the
men.
Central office detectives were put on the
trail of the men, while others guarded
Mrs. Gould and the children withcut her
knowing It. No arrests have yet been
made.
I Friedman's Furniture I
The Ends
Justify
The Means-
T^Vi^ "RVirlc Short len S ths of hi S h ~
1 IlC £VIlU.p grade Matting and Lin-
I oleum that have accumulated these last few busy, |
weeks. They are taking up room we need — |
I /7-V1 at _ You can have them I
rj 1 He lVieanS foralittle more than g
j it is worth to get them to you; and they arc just
what you want to freshen up odd places about the
house — pantry, closet, entry, bathroom or small
I kitchen — a great variety of desirable patterns —
] 50 cent to $1.00 grades of Linoleum, 30 C. 9 yd.
I 25 to 50 cent grades of Matting for 10C«'9 yd.
D These prices do not include laying — — H
r T 4~ c< f"i rsfc G*r\ Vi o t*r\ eave warm B
|| lLfc) nOl fcU n<Xl<d bed cold m 6rnings |
j if there's a fur rug to step on to. Thick, soft fur |
t rugs, 2ft. 8inches by 5ft. 6; gray or white $| fig |
[I * I *V% •-v /^1ci\7" d'f'f'OT* Christmas the visitor to our 11
j JL I1C/ \JL<Xy CLLLk^L Six Big Salesroom floors on 0
! 1 Post Street would find as large a display of Fine Furniture as on any day 1
M the week before, notwithstanding the sales from those floors compelled us |i
[J to utilize the nights in order to deliver. The reason for the normal appear- U
h ance is that just back of the salesrooms are SIX OTHER Stories filled to u
1 the ceilings with a reserve that would take twenty floors to show. |
l| • "The Credit House." Six Stories High. If
J| p 3r t 23 S 5^ e 3 e [ €*& G0 ° d& M^ d fo Pl^ Bp^# Pr.v^FlTh.n.. I
illHlMIIIII LUjlMMIlIMlBOMIllMMIllIiniliaBI---- m- 3 ? IIIIIIIP
although the topography of the country
had not materially changed. Instead of
utilizing the natural channels Grunsky's
plan contemplated nineteen miles of tun
nels, and the pumping of water over
mountains. This project was abandoned,
for the ostensible reason that litigation
over water rights might ensue.
Another plan that was proposed was
the utilization of the waters of the north
fork of the Yuba River. In their reports
the negineers made estimates of cost of
the several sections of the system. These
estimates Included that for a power sup
ply system as well. s
Figures Showing Increases.
The following figures are taken from
the reports of the engineers and the re
port of the Board of Public Works:
Private engineers* estimate of cost from the
Tuba River to the power house, $5S,591; Board
of Works' estimate. $74,000.
Six miles of canal from dam to tunnel, re
moval of rock, etc — Engineers' estimate, $23},
642; Board of Public Works' estimate. $336,
900.
Tunnel — Engineers' estimate, $579,400; Board
of Public Works' estimate. $750,000.
Oregon house reservoir dam — Engineers' es
timate, $450,000; Board of Public Works' es
timate. $1,347,400.
Included in this latter estimate was the
proposition for a masonry dam and the
clearing of 1800 acres of land.
Engineers to whom the figures obtain
able from the reports of the Board of
Public Works were submitted declared
all the estimates excessive. Said one:
There is a series of recognized formulas used
In the preparation of these estimates. Grun
sky used these same formulas, but invariably
adds one-sixteenth to the cost of his own es
timates. Sometimes he goes far beyond this,
it seems. In the Tuolumne River project
Grunsky estimates the cost of a canal or ditch
about ten feet wide and four feet deep, cut
in rock and on the sides of hills, at $30,000 a
mile. It ought to cost one-half of that. Grun
sky' 6 figures makes the price about $93 70 a
rod. The same sized ditch could be cut
through solid granite for less than $50 per
rod. Then he figures 34,300 feet of tunnel at
?25. and 17.000 feet of tunnel at $30 per loot,
while there is but little difference in the cost
GKBTEBAL STTAFTEB FALLS
VICTIM TO A SKABPE'
Because of Act of Kindness Hero of
Santiago Is Threatened With
Suit.
Because of his willingness to aid one
whom he deemed to be a friend of a be
loved comrade, Major General Shatter is
now threatened with a civil suit. for the
recovery of $496.
Late in June last a man claiming to be
E. B. Lawrence called upon General Shaf
ter and presented to him a letter pur
porting: to have been written by General
MacArthur, then in China. The bearer
•was recommended to the general as a
worthy man, and the statement made that
if General Shatter could accommodate
him in any manner the writer would
greatly appreciate the courtesy.
Lawrence had two drafts on a Hong
kong bank which he desired the general
to indorse. Anxious to serve a supposed
friend of General Mac Arthur, General
Shatter readily complied. He paid no fur
ther attention to the matter until the
local officials of the Hongkong and Shang
hai Bank notified him that the drafts
signed by him were forgeries and that
he would be called upon to refund the
money paid by the bank to the sharper
Lawrence solely on his indorsement.
It has transpired that the letter signed
by General MacArthur was also forged.
General Shatter has placed the matter in
the hands of his attorney, Captain Eu
gene T. Wilson, and he will not pay for
his misplaced friendship unless ordered to
do so by the courts.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1901.
of driving a tunnel.
Another thing. Wagoner In the plan he pre
sented recommended a tunnel through the hills
in Corral Hollow near Livermore on an easy
gradient This tunnel was estimated as a mile
long, and would save the expense of a pump
ing station. Grunsky added a pumping plant,
to raise the water over a hill 100 feet high,
which would be a constant source of expense
to " the city. There are about six or eight
sources of water , supply which could be
brought to the city at about one-half the cost
at which the City Engineer estimates. • Even
the Spring Valley system might be bought for
less. •
Engineers Averse to Talking.
| Luther "Wagoner, who ■ suggested the
Tuolumne River plan, was averse, last
night to discussing his report. "It is a
matter of delicacy with me," he said.
"I submitted my report to Mr. Grunsky,
and what was done afterward in the re
vision of the estimates I do not know.
1 resigned from the employe of the city
more than six months ago." Continuing,
he said: . . - •■■
I suggested the Tuolumne River plan to Mr.
Grunsky. I knew the country thoroughly, hav
ing been in charge of mining interests there for
years, besides being connected for. years with
the United States Geological Survey, from
whose maps of the mountains, and those of the
State Engineering Bureau for the valleys, I se
cured my data. My plan was for an over
ground pipe line, bringing the water around
the bay by way of Mission San Jose and Red
wood City over the cultivated lands to the city.
It was five miles longer than' taking the pipes
to Dumbarton Point and thence across the bay.
Submerged pipes always are subject to damage.
The data was necessarily incomplete and im
perfect, but was the best we had. I understand
field parties were out last summer. to make a
complete survey of the whole Tuolumne River
supply system.
City Engineer Grunsky would not dis
cuss the matter at length. He said:
The Wagoner report, memorandum, or esti
mate, whatever one may wish to call it, was a
private paper and not Intended for public Inspec
tion. ■ Most of our papers are not complete, and
we cannot give them out. The easiest way Is
to drop the whole matter, as publicity often
interferes with our plans.
The final meeting of the Committee on
Public Utilities will be held on Friday,
though a progressive report will be made
to-morrow to the Board of "Supervisors.
PARIS KILBURN
GUEST OF HONOR
Harbor Commissioners
and Staff Give a
Banquet.
The Harbor Commissioners and staff of
employes gave a banquet last night in the
board room in the ferry building to Paris
Kilburn, president of the board. In ad
dition to the commissioners and employes
more than one hundred invited guests
were present, including the wives, daugh
ters and women friends of the hosts.
Former Commissioners Dan'T. Cole and
Major Harney and former Governor
James H. Budd were also In attendance.
Mr. Kilburn had been led to think that
Secretary "Bill" English was to be the
guest of honor and his surprise was com
plete when he was informed by Commis
sioner Rudolph Herold Jr. In an intro
ductory speech that he was to be the re
cipient of the sentimental part of the
affair. Herold, continuing, said that Mrs.
Kilburn was to receive the more sub
stantial token of the esteem In which she
and her husband were held by the com
missioners and staff of employes. At a
signal a huge flag which had- served' as
a covering was removed from the table
in the center of the room and a splendid
gift of hand-painted china, cut glass and
Bohemian glass was revealed. It com
prised a fish set and a roast set of china,
four sets of Bohemian glasses and a set
of finger bowls and several pieces of cut
glass.
Mr. Kilburn replied with feeling to Mr.
Herold's very complimentary speech. -He
praised his colleagues for their able and
conscientious service and threw a few
bouquets to Governor Gage, who was
"though lost to view to memory dear."
Every speaker had a good word for the
Governor and the cheers of the assem
blage of appointees drowned the whistle
of the ferry-boats. Ex-Governor Budd In
his speech stole a. march'on the others by
proposing three cheers for Governor Gage.
The cheers were given with enthusiasm. .
After the speechmaking the refresh
ments were served.. .: . .
Music was furnished by a string; or
chestra from the Pensacola and by a
male cuartet.
The board room was elaborately dec
orated by the ferry florists. 1 the chief feat
ure being festoons of evergreens, from the
midst of which sparkled many tiny in
candeacent lights.
Colored Masons Elect Officers.
Hannibal Lodge No. 1 of Masons an
nounces an election of officers as follows:
Thaddeus A. Brown, worshipful master;
C. H. Tlnsley, senior warden; G. T.
Dodson, junior warden; E. Bower
treasurer; .W. R. Stricklan, ■ secretary;
R. Jackson, senior deacon; " J. Breen
junior deacon; B. Cooper, chaplain; A.'
H. Hickerson, marshal; J. Bloomlngbach
tyler; W. H. Hamilton and J. C. Davis
stewards. *
-Victoria Lodge No. 3 has elected the
following named: :
A. H. Henderson, worshipful, master;
Louis Anderson, senior warden: H. B.
Crabb, junior warden; George Mitchell,
treasurer; Frank W. Jackson,, secretary;
A. F. Holland, senior deacon; H.Glvlns
junior deacon; I. . McKee, ( chaplain; B.'
White, tyler; C. Morris and 8. W. John
son, stewards; Charles Griffith, marshal.
Made a Record Buiu
The American-Hawaiian . Steamship
Company's Hawaiian arrived from New
York in a record-breaking run for a
freighter. She came around the Horn in
nearly sixty-one days and made port look
ing as spick and span as when she left
here several months- ago. Stops were
made at St. Lucia and Coronel for coal
but the delay was not great. The Straits
of Magellan were passed through without
Incident, and near the Pacific entrance the
American and Californian of the same
line were met. They were on their way
from Honolulu to Philadelphia with
sugar.
The Hawaiian brings a cargo of nearly
9000 tons. It is all general merchandise,
and the work of discharging It will begin
Monday at Steuart-street wharf.
Captain Banfleld says he never had a
finer or more pleasant run around the
continent. He had good weather in the
Atlantic and Pacific until off the Califor
nia coast, when a norther was encoun
tered. >
Water Front Notes.
The French cruiser Protet is once more
In the bay. She came down from Mare
Island Navy Yard several days ago and
yesterday Consul . General Dellemange
paid her an official visit. The usual con
sular salute was fired when he left the
vessel. The Protet will be here for sev
eral weeks and will be open to visitors
to-day.
Hale^. |_'-; ; Hale^s. ; | Hale>s - ; I Hale^.
Sari Francisco's Liveliest Store. Market Street, near Sixth.
Ml) Lamps, Fancy China and Vases
e/ltt lamp globes, jardinieres, statuary, H f&§k m Tovs, trains, games, picture hook>,
marble pedestals, genuine wedgwod, j£&*j JJ M g| g| m albums, scrap albums, photograph al-
onyx tables are ONE-THIRD OFF f §b ® 11 W m II bums and autograph albums are ONE-
marked prices. / V^^ H M THIT{D OFF marked prices.
Bleached No ifs nor ands — no hesitating. Stocks must be in shape Jewelrv.
IOC TVltlslin S\. 8C» atonce - So this severe measure is necessary.' *
' S \u W&3 A Wi No question about whether they will go or not— the in- Everv adds popularity to
It s the same soft finished mus- , ? ■ j. A *.- t> . .i_ . Hal^'<; ipwelrv store
.. ., . . it 4. T « „< ducement is too tempting. But the question is: naies jewciry store,
lin that we always sell at ioc; 36 n A 4. \r at- O Getting good substantial arti-
inches wide. We *came across a VYIII YOU UCt YOUT SilSiVQ f c i es> pricing them fairly without
few scant thousand yards uncLe** . We can't remember of a finer opportunity to save money regard to their looks or what
its worth, and so may you. It's on lamps — and at a time when you want lamps most. they will bring, are the guide-
such a good thing we hope there $4.50 Lamps are $3. $2.75 Lamps art p 83 $1.75 Lamps are #/./>. pos ts that direct so many people
is enough for everybody. and so on. The regular price marks still remain. Checks will be here
7 Vzc Cotton Batting, 5c. made out for this "f" 1 " P rice ' then a third subtra cted. You " Haipin5t 10Cm
Half-pou^d rolls. It's the batting so Can See then what real big bargains you are getting. They have those large, pretty tor-
much used for comforters. We have 10 , , -. - *,««>-» + quoise heads that so many women are
bales. All 7^c grade we put on sale '%' { iff f\T\ ' W\ ' (7 Iff" I¥I51CC " so crazy to have just now.
Monday morning at 5c a roll. / 4 V/ 11 VJ 11 rT.ll V^ XX K VJ 1CIZ5O* 1^ Quff Buttons, 25c.
20c Sheeting, 17y£c. - We are pruning our stocks — some lined' are too long, oth- Many choice styles, some of them
It's the wide 90-inch sort; unbleach- ers are too short, others broken, like the limbs of a tree under with pearIs ' O some with scttinRS -
ed: good, strong, sturdy quality we . , , , • ■ . , ., T * , r . , ,^ Stick Pins. 35c.
for'mily used to^cll at ,oc w. will S el. we.ght of too much fruit. Loss? Yes, but we don't care a snap The faccs of them soM
after to-morrow morning at 17V2C for that. Its next seasons crop were getting ready for. So gold; a very pretty and very inexpen-
$1.25 White Spreads, $1.00. pick up the bargains that are falling. We haven't 'changed the sive pin -
Crocheted double-bed size, extra regular price marks. . You can see what prices are as well as we Snake Bracelets, $1.00.
, heavy r those we sell usually at $1.25 are p ,, f Ur^ friiir-tri* nt wliaf tri*» v in H,V o+* Sterling silver with settings; very
marked to-morrow morning $1.00. can - x*ay only tnree-IOUrtns Ol wnat tney indicate. popular just. now.
New Classes in Free Art School.
' The success of our art school in the last two months has encouraged us to continue it This week we begin enrolling new pupils for classes in
Embroidery. Paper Novelties. Pyrography , Lace Making.
Professional teachers— the best we could get— will have charge of the various branches.
Celluloid Toilet Pieces Dress Goods You Want
Monday ■ -£ Off. • Near Half Price.
Among 1 which are* —50c Covert Suitings at 29c.
-Glove and Handkerchief Sets, " 60c M -™°° 1 Zio-Mnes at 39c.
— Shaving Sets, — Toilet Sets, Two popular lines of our regular stocks. We've done so well with them that only
— Sewing Boxes, * —Cribbage Boards, a * cw P art pieces of each remain. These we mark down to-morrow morning.
—Collar and Cuff Boxes, — And such like. Covert Suitings. Zibe'ine Suitings.
v We would rather accept half money for this stuff now than 20c ™™ad of sod-But 14 39c instead of 60c_i 7 part
V ., . i r .. • , • , ., v-.-^j part^ pieces; a yard wide, in dark, pieces, 38 inches wide and all wool.
to pack it away, pay Storage on It, .interest On the money tied up serviceable colorings; a stuff A correct imitation of the high-
and then be handicapped with it next season. iSSliM^SEi th read wool; a grade novelties; in light, medium
, TT , re j j. 1 1- 1 j spienam value even at the regu- and dark grays, also tans and
We can't afford to have you come here next Season and see Iar price of 50c; on sale Monday navy; one of our best 60c stuffs.
something you saw here this season — and we won't. at 29c. Monday 39c.
rv % m^-i^^a r\ 89c for Printed Warp Silks, Worth $1.50.
HeriUmerV iVlflr KeQ UOWn. . It>s a splendid firmly woven cloth in three styles and ten different color-
, ... Z • - c Ti t- i t i- ings; many of them light enough for evening wear, others darker— more suit-
We did a great holiday business in perfumes. It broke many of our lines, able for street costumes. If we sold them in the ordinary way we would have to
So we break the prices in order to straighten stocks up. ask $1.50, but we bought them less than their worth, so shall you.
25c ■T*»Tfwm.«w n- 15c. _ j 2 m syr i nr u Dl^^l/ Taffafa
Scotch Heather triple ' extract. In one- Jjggy/ //$&/ DldLK Id lie Id
ounce bottles. Ifs an extra quality and Vm&SsJJmf^*4$Wf VS§§7 ' QilLc: ;at T^#-
lasting odor, but better than all else it -gT*^ A$W <S)" .,_ OlIKS dt /DC.
Flavian °Bou|uIt P in fancy boxes. ' /JBIfif /***'*^- ■„ tattptA AT
ti2-25P"TfuTrh~rVfitZ17o. /*&% -afggZl %&€&&& Ih dfZSifbfh& 9LOO-A pure silk and good weight;
fully satin-lined boxes. , • break.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
, Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
T\ ■ steamers leave Broadway
Bfin. Wharf, San Francisco:
B«ffij^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a.
ElilW&- W m.. Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21. 26.
Ef'TAElgfc 31, Feb. 5. Change to com-
' EsOJSillTts! pany's steamers at Seattle.
I IB8»^<ViWM For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
j c.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
"^ Tacotna, Everett and New
"*""^ Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26. 31. Feb. 5. Changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27. Feb. 1.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Kdes) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m..
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos.Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), (Gavlota, Bonlta only),
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, East San
Pedro. San Pedro (Newport. Bonita only).
For Er-senada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, "Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Kosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., ith of each
For ' further information obtain the com-
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, calling days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Excursion Rates
TO
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful "Winter Trip. Only $60, includ-
ing Meals and Berth. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Steamer Curacao, sallinr from San
Francisco January 7th. due back January 27th,
will call at the following M«xican ports: En-
senada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del Cabo,
Mazatlan, Altata, La. Pax. Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
For further particulars inquire • at Ticket
Office, No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 10
Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only St»mxxi.slaix> Xii»« *«•
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
point* East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST Xt.A'X'XBS.
STEAMER TI0KET3 INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 24, Jan. 8, 13. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 29, Jan. 8, 13, 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt. 1 Montg'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON, LOSDQN, PARIS,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. hl
Zeeland Jan. 8lSt. Paul .......Jan. 29
St. Louis .Jan. 15 St. Louis Feb. S
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22 1 Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Zeeland .Jan. 8 Vaderland .....Jan. 29
Frlesland .. Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. 5
Southwark . . . .Jan. 22 Zeeland .Feb. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
A AAOnlA IT •? 4Pft HAWAII, SAMOA, NEW
Oceanic s.s.co, s-s,™
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
.....'. ..Jan. 4, -'02, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, 'for Honolulu .........
:... : Saturday, Jarj. ; 4, '02, 2 p.m.
SS.' VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
•'.■■? land and Sydney... Thurs., Jan. 16, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPHECKEIS k BROS. CO;, Genera. Aottits. 327 Haitei St
Bn'l PasMnaar Offin, 643 Hartwt St., Piir Ho. 7, Pasific Jt
OCEAN TBAVKL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
cer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanetiai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU :
Saturday, January 4th, 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30th, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
..Tuesday, February 25th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General- Agent
PANAMA R. R. 8 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 1105; Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
6. 6. Argyll sails Tuesday, clan. 21
6. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, Feb. 3
6. 6. Argyll rails Monday. Mar. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 830 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
SANTIAGO Jan. 8IPERU
LOA I
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Frelfiht
and passenger offlce, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS Mtn ,.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead ol «4*KjSst3>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, rinffTag
North River, foot of Morton street
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F." FUGAZI & CO., Pacino Coast
Agents, B Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAIL WAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAU
Via Sausoltt* party.
Commencing September 2tt, 1901. ■■
BTROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
* AND SAN RAFAEL. ■—*«<*
WEEK DAYS— 6:65. 8:30 •^:Z0. 11:00 a. xa.
•1:45 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, 6:45 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur.
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— j»8:00. »10:00. »U:30 a. m.. »l:iaL
8-15. »4:45. 6=30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27, 7:45. 8:35, 10:08
a. nT, «12:25, 2:15, »3:35, 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and »:55 p. m. >
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. '10:00. »11:45 «. «
•1:40 •3:15. 4:45, »6:30 p. m. "*•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55/ lOtfo
a m. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:10 p. m. **'
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:39 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:11
»:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m.
: THROUGH 'RAINS.
6:55 a. m. week dayb— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mill* and way
. stations. v
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. l
Legal , Holiday, boats and trains will run on
Sunday time; . -
Mount tam alp ais railway
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- Ih . 4 :i5,. >t t™! 11 . top . OT ~ Sun- VVeek
?'?? A - ,£ : £2 A - I*"" »*«»»»« >»Tti al 7*> 1-00 P. 9:45 A.
1:15 r. *• +' * <ek awi " ly ' ' 5:55 p. >
- Fu«, B*a FnaeiM* «• Somialt ui Baton. ll.M.
, - iuuiomc«b «a Kisux btbxiz ui aauaiuio Ttsax.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSSK5
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a* m.; 1:30. 3:30.
*:00, 6:20 p. m.
ban Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— fl:10, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40k
6:05.^6:28 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901] Sar\ Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
8:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma, 6:05pm X0 :23am
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm, Healdsburg, 10:40am
! Lytton.
G«yservill«.
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am.
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ■ 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guemeville. 7:33pm
8:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
8:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am|10:25am
8:30pm[ 6:00pm| Eebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Etases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey villa. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvilie, Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays round-trip tickets to nil points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 650 Market street. Chronicle
Hulldlng.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. * Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street ■ Ferry Depot-
Local Llm'd Ovrld Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Ly. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 P
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39 p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:lSp| 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9-00 a m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
d. m. daily.-
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cats out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. daily.
Offlces^ — 641 Market street! and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Tew
SOUTHERN PAOIFIO.;
Tr»las lenve nail ar« da* to nrrlvc *« i
man riua€M<:o. . j
(Main line. Foot of Market 3tn»«l) -^ '
MATB — TBOM D»CX3t3SR 6. 1901. " — AHMTl
7i00a Benlcia, Suiion, Elmlri and Sacra-
mento 5:3-1?
7»00a. V»<»TlUe, Wlaton.'Banisey 7:33»
?>8oa Mmxtiuex, Saa Utooa, Vallejo. Kapa.
C»lutogaandS*nt» Bosk 6:33*
S:O»a Davis, Woodland. Knignta Laodln*.
Marjs»ille, OrotlUo. 7:5-1*
SiOOa A ttantic Kzpress— Ogden aad East SiSSa
SiO» a NUes, L« throp, Stockton 7:23 p
StO«A NUes, Mendota. Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrille #:33»
S:3Ua. Shut* Expre»«— DaTU, Willlami ?for
Bartlett Spring*), WUlgvs, Reel
Bluff, Porusnd. 7iO3v
•iSOa San ,)obs, Llfermore, Stockton,
loue, Sscrsmeuto, PlseerriUe,
M« rji»llle. Chico, lied Bluff 4 iSW r
StSO>A Oakdale, Ohlnese,SonoTa, Tuolirmno 4:23v
»:«o* Hayward. NUes and Way 8UUona.. 11 :«3»
•■MiTiUeJo 1*:23»
•iO«a Los Angeles Express — llsrtlues.
Tney, Lathrop, Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Lei Anuales 7iS3*
9:SOa Vallejn. Martluez ami War Station* 7:»3»
IOiOoa The OTerlaml Limited— Ogden, Den>
far, Omaha. Chieaja Hi33v
fl:OOp aaeraraeuto I tl.er Sloou.er* {lllOO*
S:OOp Besicia, Winters. 8aor*m«nto.
Wooilland, Knlkbts ].»ndinc,
M»n»»«ll», Oroiille 10:334
S:30r Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7t33r
4iuor Mmtluez. dau IUmou. Vallejo.
Napii. «;»lIstoK». Santa Ko»a ■ Wi3.1i>
Llrrrmoro. Stockton. LcKli... IStUr
4 i»»r Haywud. Nllen. San Joie. LlTermora tS:3»a
4:30? The Owl Limited - Fremo, Tulare.
Bakersflelil. Sangiis for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles 8:334
StOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 u jS3 a
5:iiop Martinez. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 13«39»
«j<>«»p Hajward, Miles and 9sn Jose 7;3Sa
t«:OOp Vallejo 11:23*
ViOUr Oriental -Mail— Ogden, Denier.
Omaha. St Louis, C'hlcsjo 4:25*
7««0r Oreson and California Kx|>r»is.Hao>
ranienti>, Mury.tlll*. Ue.l.tlinr.
l'urtlauil. Tnget Hound ami Kank St33a
■•«3rSan Pablo. Port Costa. Martlaei
snd W»y ataUoua Ili33«
t»»Oi»P Vsllej 7i33y
COAST L.LNE (Narrorr flange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
»il»» Newark. Centarillle.San Joae. F«iton.
Voulder Creek ,3au U O rux aud Way
.Stations 3.SO
ftilSr Newark, Ceiiterrllle, Bav .lose, Now
AlnixieD, Ftilton, lioulder Creek,
• SauU Crux and rriuclpal War
SUtlons ■•<»•«
4iinp Newark. 8»n .Tom. LoiiGatoa tS;5t>»
■9.3UP Hunters' Train— San Jose and Waj
Station* |7.a0f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrem SIS J3ASCISC0— foo; ef Market Street (Slip ft—
tV:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:00 i:\ir.it.
framOltURO — r«l «r Btt«Jw«». — fit:0O lt):0O t3rfl*
10:00a.m. 13:C0 203 t:C3r.W.
COAST LINE {Hroa.l Mange).
(ThlrJ and Towpgeml Sta.)
6«I»a San Joaeand Way HtaUons....^.... «:40a
7:OOa Nau Jose ai..l Way SUtinua tS><M»F
/TtOOA New Aliradan / 4:lOa>
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — fian Jose,
Gllroy, 8a!iDaa, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
principal Intermediate stations .... 1 0:430 .
ttiOOA Hin .losu. Trej linos. HmiU Crux.
. . . ••- ••-■• Pacilic liini>, t^alinaa. S*n Lui*
Obispo and Principal iutermedUta
MtHtiiois 4>10y
10:30a 8an Jcse aud Way Stations *..l*i
ll:a»A »au .lose ami WaySUtiom 'J. 18a
i*:l*e San- Mateo. lC-ilwoori. Mcnlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. Han .lose.
Tres Pinoa. Hanta Cmt, Sallpao.
Mouietey »i«.l l'»cillc «roTo )H»:4»a
8:3«r Man Jose ami Way Stations. l:»»y
44:ISr SanJnseaml Principal Way SUtlnns 5<U0»
4sS0e Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Vriday*. for Loi Angeles, El
Paso New Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays Io>13a
f3:00rSan Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations (9:004
3 «:.<> p San Jose an.l Priacipal Way Stations <I:SO*
«::t»p 8an Jose ami Wny Stations ?i£OV
7:OOp New Orleans Eipre<s — Sso Luis
Obispo. Banta Harhsra, Los An-
geles. D mine. £1 Paso. New Or-
leiim and East 7:30a
all;<3p3an .lng»m,l Way Sutious 7>a0y
A for II ornine V for A f ternorm
tHniKlar excm.ted. ' 1 >>ni>d»r only.
a3aMir.i«' o-'y /T>i<>pd*T> »ii'l Frlitays.
===================
FOB U. S. mi YAR3 AND VALLEJ3
Steamer3 GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICELLD
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m. escept
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare fo
cents. Teleohone Main 1508. Landlns: and
offlce. pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCK
BROS. e^flBSaBSSB^SHBBJBflSBaSSJSJtBBBBBnASBMI