42. Madame . Brugulere, Sacramento and
Franklin. Send in note. $1 50 (x). Used to
stay at "Hotel del Monterey at times.
0 43. ;J.' C. Coleman. mining, capitalist. "Be»
' ' 33. J. P. Cochrane, undertaker. Generous to
a fault, tickets on U. S. restaurant and cash
for fares many times. 60c (x) (no prox).
36. Dr. Dunn, dentist, Phelan building.
Never fails. ; 50c (x). . . * "*
37. ¦ Dr. Dunbar. dentist. "Scotch, from Phila
delphia; . Extremely good, ; 50c. $1 (x).
' 38. Dr. Adams. Phelan building, to Scotch,
50c ,(6). T. ¦ . - •. z'Jt\&
' S9. Mr. Beamich, dry goods. Market st.
Very kind and sympatheic English gentleman,
50c (x). Gives to every one.* • , , '
40. Bill Bradbury, bull,; red, rag, nix, no.
time (no prox): j
: 41. . Dr. McMillan. 1073% Market. Excee«Mngr
ly kind. Has given away a fortune In $1 (x).
S4. Father Hennessy, late from Ireland,
twenty-ninth and . Dolores streets. Kind
hearted, clothes and cash. '40c (2) (no prox).
nearly every capacity and m several lan
guages: '
- . : ' • • - •
1. Druggist W. . C Rlley, Second and How
ard, lCc (10 and.prox), 23c (t). The (10) means
15c* Klven~10 times, the fx) means 25c 'given
Indefinitely and (prox) means others were put
next. (Johnny Wise.)
2. Henry Miller. 508 California, check for
loan of ?20 mailed me to Hobson House. Jan
uary 22. 1S3S. • "
3. Mrs. A. M. Parrott, 517 Sutter, letter of
regret and a bank-note Inclcsure. $5 (prox).
4.. Dr. Wakefield (Oaldand). easy, gold twice,
$5 (2). . '
B.. F. M. Sir.ith, borax king, 1C1 Sansoma, •
personal Interview, no letters, no references.
" mining -story, twice JtO an«l J13 (1).
6. F. C . Robinson, a miner .' from Dawson,
at Grand Hotel, or. letter, J5. .
7. . Rev. Charles G. Paierson, 298 California,
on-^a talk n\jcut Caiia^r??.!.!. ."Tt.'.y * l»-_r^ ¦> ¦
' ?j£**U: l ~Mr''--1&tea"\'6t^"iVeatport, Men>tocino
County, I3S Kearny, gif t,**?3. i .
¦ 9. Mrs. "Phebe Hearst, Cith floor. Examiner
. building-, fnom; see lady's maid, have letter
prepared, sold mine, ?3 (and prox).
.10. Frank Owen, attorney. Mills bulldinr, .
talk Vlaalla ami have letter for some one from
there, $3. 50c (-0 (prox).
11.' Judge' J.. G.. Magulre, an Odd Fellow,
very generous, gives quickly to all, Jl (x)
(pros).- -„
' 12. O. "W. McXear Jr.. a prince. $1 (x> (prox).
13. Antone Bcrel, Swiss Consul, write let
ter, very kind and benevolent, his stake ia
«50 ; (x) (pros).
. lt.V Alfred Tobln. Hlbernia. Eank. on Inter
view $2 50 (?) (and prox).'
15. Judge Fox (Fox & Gray),, very kind mai
' good, . $2 CO (2) (and prox).
.16." Robert Watt of Eang-ley & Co.. W. naw
pair shoes twice" and cash $1 (2), talk Lanark
shire. Scotland. '}
: -Jtt; Mrs. Hyde. 719 Geary, a sold mlna. Go
sober,'- pass In letter. $1 <x) (prox). Some one
/. "tole the door mats. Look out for John La^r.
\ 18. Father McKlnnon, 1(J^ Guerrero, on a
personaJ Interview, any one, %X (x). Cam* from
P. -E. Id.. Canada. '•'
' 19. J Reuben Lloyd. - stern Mason, will point
to work. . Saw John Law.
20. General .W. H. H.Hart. go sober, look
wise, have letter .written, wait In hall answer. -
»1 (x).;
-21. Father McDonald of St. Joseph's, not
¦ long from Ireland, an easy mark, SI (2) (and
". ; .prbx)^ Asks "How- many Gods t there are."
i ;22. Mrs. McCabe.\ Star of the Sea Parish.
Point Lotos* avenue. Write letter and U 50
;' (prox). (
¦ j 23.' Mrs. F. J. ' Sull'van (Fhelan's sister).
- See 'herself, and 'always t-. '
24.* McXab, drayman,' to a politician, or
Scot $1 (x) (prox.). 'Wants to bo Sheriff.
.25/ McNab.-Hootman, -to" a Sect '50c; to a
voter or politician Jl (x) (prox).
!&.- Stallman, tool- manufacturing'- company.
First and Mission, -If for whisky good for 25o
(x).- Is, stuck on Evening Post, I .
27. The .Brotherhood. of Theosophtsts. Good
for suit of clotlsps. and prox. Bookkeeper
; Somers of W.. P.. Fuller & Ca
': 28. Archer, Stock exchange build-
Ing; no more or leys to every one, 50o (x).
Hails from Londoti. Knsland.
J9. Father "Wyiran. Old St. Mary's, self $1
•fx). Talk of. his brothir'Alfred of Weymouth,
Mass., near Boston, 'a druggist. x
. SO. ' Father Prendergast, tin the 9 a. in. bum's
room : only 2.".c. Go about 11. see him alone
. (Breenc), ?2 (3). • '
31. Father ' Yorke, fence. Good years ago.
Worked - to death. s Hostile If not alona. - 504
(prox). ,;-.¦- - ," ¦
- 32. J 32. James -Horsbursrb, s. P. Ry. Ox
Asst. Pass Agt... Christian, good If you get to
gee him. $1 (x). x
• 33. Kev. J. A. B. Wilson, kicks at huskies,
hostile, to some Salvation ticket, oc (1). '¦>
Mnmontary glance, a peep as It were,
i'arr.vts'ii tl"* door, or a whiff from the
"vr.TiTi-x-60^ «4c>rs that obtain in these in
fM^uiVM A**«* a"^ then the outside world
frttt da <fr'» rest!. Over the portals might
¦v»tl h^ -^ffSteii: "Abandon hope all ye
»tf«r *<S#re."
Hr* 'ft fSS (on arriving from Texas) I
j.p.s^, *i^. of getting a living
H-.ujri by -Fnt'ieins for it-
I ttftd M "Aat and "went the pace.**
&** fiMffifas I awoke in a cheap win©
joint <Joe'« Place, 530 Vallejo street).
Thef* -fras" #« entertainment going on In
fii;f M?«t— < scrt of Bacchanalian ban-
*>id '^'2«"e was a ragged, unkempt
¦Wrilli* TV«3ry r«ading the following orig
i*i»i sts •"•"»«? to a n appreciative, hllari''
«ftmtia>iy of imbibers:
<5f,f )S«m» &o sins of Mexico,
pip» of ancient Rome,
P«t I H"< of Bw<*t Frisco,
Jty ontj' happy home.
y*s, I fi'nff of this wonderful city;
(yr a pinfrie, eat-y and free;
Qt th» «»*-<araou» Golden City,
Betw^** the ba y ana fc**'.
vis* cit y of health, of wealth,
(jhf c r «nsor of Liberty}
Pii*.;H«»«4 city— divinely bleetl
fitmii »f the yags and free.
| sue U f rtea-flecLed hill and delL
Txrr have obligated themselves to
practice and to 1 preach that exertion,
rrertal or manual, is degrading and be
•Reaih the dignity of a genteel American
cflfcarr. and that In this benign climate
WUXV cr drudgery ''or slavery as they call
it.) !s "set for ignorant European and Asi
«tfc Immigrants The climate, the far
•«r«»st lr<sat!on, the apathetic police, the
e-.sKTopolItan populace, the relative scar
city of work for the plethora of help,
t&3 proverbial generosity of San Fran
ciscans', the prevalence of exceedingly
eT"K>3T» meals and lodging, the unrivaled
frse iTjncb. the yen shee and Sam Chows
tlTft for *.» of Chinatown, the 5c pint and
Cuart Tfa« dumps on Sacramento and
«tiirr Ktr^sets— all combine to* render the
tolden cl'7 a veritabie paradise for the
prof^ss'cTfcal beggar.
j?- a 7"r.T.ticlsco is the godmother of the
•wine joint. v.-Mch Is distinctly a home
fastitutSon. flourishing like the green bay
lr-=e. Tnit'cvr resort men of all nations,
rarsici? ani conditions, the broken soldier.
5vf<* raJis«d spendthrift. profei=slonal faii
' t:j4s Tn Tatr, medicine and theology, poets,
writer** i *Sa*~aM here on equality! Here,
for the ?r«»s»ic-r part, throng the beggars
xr'li'it aliases for ever}' State in the Union.
WouTd sfbat' Dante's "Inferno" could be
fovrtttcn in San Francisco, or that a
CiiffSe SJttton could arise and get but a
The idle hosts of beggars In this city
taT» selected their rendezvous In the
s «Ssap wine Joints. They meet at nighl
t22*». and are such adepts In daytime as
tn place themselves beyond the reach of
tli<» jrelSce. They are as formidably orga.n
lz<&3 a-s the chartered, incorporated secret
•-TcfstJ^s, and have their unwritten ritual
of F<»cret work and permanent secret pass
•vsrda. '¦: i i
But Eow about the 10,000 able-bodied,
buriy, husky mra and women whose smil
ing, rosy cheeks, ruby lips, clear, bright
-#yes, reveal the very picture of perfect
health, who have taken an oath against
¦work, who laugh at the vagrancy laws,
and who deride the toiling masses, say-
Jrg- "Only fools and "horses work!"
1 cin only repjoaca Tnys~lZ.fat^&ser hav
ing been one of the number. I was con-
T^Tted at th* recent State T. 1L C. A,
ccrjventlon under the preaching of the
grspel, and decided to write th!s expose,
as I realize It If my duty to my God and
to iny fellow-men to publish the begging
profession of San Francisco. I hope there
ty to stimulate and shame the able-bodied
beggars to go to work, and to sound the
rurie of warning: to the generous and un
¦va~T citizens of San Francisco.
In this vastly underrated host are net
included those in any way disabled phys
ically, as the blind, lame, the sick, ibo
crippled, etc. For them kind Providence
doth provtfJe. : .; • ,- .,- . ;
They become beggars first by necessity
and then by choice, for they must -live,
and they will Jive, come what may.
They always talk work: they are always
polng where they ran got work; yet they
never find work, neither do they go! r -
CT\ EN THOUSAND besears In Bar*
| Francisco: "Is It possible?" you
1 ask. How lone can a man live In
I this great city without money and
without employment? Consider
yourself In such a predicament—no
friends, no credit, no home, no work and
no desire to work, and then you will have
a condition that confronts many a hither
to honest working person who went broke
In San Francisco. '
These are the Individuals who become
beggars.
"And right here In San Francisco Is an
army of Just such persons, having no vis
ible means of support, resolved to live
¦without toil.
Ten thousand parasites, preying upon
the public! . ;'
Continued oc Pa£#» Twa,
*? --¦ *
Of sward, shrub, flower and tree.
Where yags delight, do well, revel, '
John Law is out to sea!
Whose whirlwind hum of Industry,
Resounds north, south, east, west;
Makes mine and forest; field and sea
And all our "push" go blest.
Of hill, of dell, of tower and steeple.
Glens, parks and shady bowers; "
Of domiciled, cosmopolitan people/ 1
Sunshine, fruit and flowers. , ' ¦-
And arch'd on high's that azure sky.
O'er land, o'er sea— all day, .
Whlhi beneath is wondrous Frisco,
With her townfolk lithe and gay.
Thus all day long 1 8 my happy »onc,
Xy nlfcUt J dream, may b«» .
"WftT^y^ary -
'" I sing (no dream) : of our rustling throng, •'.
' 'In the city beside the sea'.. '.,,'.' ¦•;/.
The poet" .was vigorously applauded on
concluding the seventh stanza, and on In
quiry it waswhlspered me that he was a
brilliant newspaper man, who' was now a
yag'(a beggarjIanxlvWho "boasted tha^ he
had'not done a 'day's: work since his ad
vent ln_ Frisco. ten years previous.' All' this
time the .wine' flowed copiously and "the
kangaroo court- was .being- proceeded -with
while all were, rapidly getting Into a
maudlin condition;-';-*; ;¦"•-;"•' .^ •• •
' t I . soon perceived ithat', this ,,wine ; cellar
was a' rendezvous 'of, beggars."?; It was typ
ical of . others j of the':" same 'class ;,where
cheap wine, with .free lunch, is ' served in
quart ox pint meaauxaa tot b cant* y; ,:
.^The; keeper of •. It, J<~e, Is a swarthy
Italian-arid has. no. qualm? of conscience
in exchanging a '" ' "punk /of bread.:and - a
quart of Dago* red" for "the iriagic nickel,
doubtless,; consoling himself wlth.tlfe
thought. that a "/'fair exchange is no rob
bery." considering how. the beggars ob
tained the purchasing -price. '
Joe's stock. In, traders as apparently in
exhaustible and varied as his motley pa
trons/for^he-has vino by the- pint, quart,'
gallon; " barrel, ¦ tun ¦ ¦ and ' ton— in ' nearly,
every xolor 'of /the rainbow. I was not
long ;in divining'; that* these energetic coin
spenders were beggars, and- that the Jing
ling coins were, the proceeds of that day's
rustling. .TheV;beg by day and revel. by
night time are well dressed swells., . •
Seated, alone, being a;stranger,"money
less and .without any wine before me,' 1 1
was invited to .their festive board,, and
went without much persuasion; asi I had
riot yet j recovered from: my last ''loco
motor, ataxia," as" they call "It down /In ;
Texas. \ .. .-;'.' ;-'":. ; '.V; .-.'' ¦. •'..•• ; '-^5:-Jr
;' I • related my hard luck story and won
their fsymp'athj'; arid; confidence. 1 I was
deemed- a suitable ' candidate! for "initiation '
into j the ;/ Sari I Francisco Original ; f Cash j
Beggars' Association of 1873, arid was glv- 1
en the, initiatory - password"; (John i- Fox)
iaiid'> placed on probation for one .weekly A
•'hunk" 'camped on my. trail and kept tab
on . my maneuvers, ; with - 'the .'.- list • of
fiity DMtwflviniM isp-y first iasUUkuat
of the free list of SOOO good things of San
Francisco). So faithfully did I carry out
their injunctions .and directions, and so
faithfully did the, "hunk"' report on 'my
case that I was voted -a worth^ member
and admitted ¦ to third degree. (Password
Johnny Wise.) v .-r , -:';-'-.
S The index -figures after* the amount fol-'
lowing each name indicate the number of
times I have . touched the charitable
donor since my debut as a' professional in
1S95, and where the : index is an X It de
notes times' too numerous to recollect."
¦-. Of the following good' people. I> sincerely
now - ; beg ' forgiveness • for. the • wrong -use
made of their; otherwise well meant alms
and : loans. •. r usually ; : employed the alias
•£ lM&<k and fcft »"y rnurujff j Jgggfttf
MY EXPERIENCES AS A
PROFESSIONAL
BEGGARHINESE boys and girls have their
(f games that they play with Just as
,\s^ much enthusiasm as do their
American cousins. One of, these is
-"the hawk catching young chickens." The
children stand ,one behind th£ other, j hav
ing the largest boy to protect them from
the hawk. The hawk, the child who, as
we say in "most games, is" "it,"* rornos to
catch! the chickens, but the line uwlngH
back and forth and the protector keepB
between the brood and the hawk. An
other game is "pointing at the moon or
stars." The children "form themselves
into a ring,' with one of their numUor
blindfolded in the center. Th« line moves
around, the players singing. Tuq rlntf
stops and the boy in , tho center pointa.
The person toward whom ' lie points must,
take his place blindfolded in the center.
¦Another game is "kicking tho marble."
The players have two* marbles an inch or
more in. diameter, one of which is put
upon the ground and .shoved with the
¦ foot. The other; is put do wn and one boy .
tells the other to put it In a' certain dlroc-,
tion' from'the other.. If ;he shoves it so a»'
to hit the other and still goes In tho de
sired direction he wins double and Is en
titled to .two ! kicks. If- it simplv goes in
the.-position indlcated^he wins and 13 en
titled to one kick. ¦•"-". • • J ' "
... ' - ¦' ' -. '
Garros pF Cvn$ s e
' Children.
;'Miss Grace Van 'Studdtfordv
a distinct class and fancy they- are ace
high with the police, many of whom they:,
address as "brothers."
They include Masons, Odd Fellows and
Knights of Pythias, the three great se
cret orders, and at one time these beggars
were actually in good standing in their,
respective orders. They know the secret
work right enough, and by long and con
tinuous practice become adepts. They Can
tell a stranger two blocks away, and they
go after only s'ich brothers (strangers) as
wear the emblem of the order. They give
a fictitious name arid lodge, teW a hard
luck story, are rarely asked about their
standing and never get less than Jl, and
frequently make a touch for a V/
- They beg their brethren by day and
revel by night. They keep tab "on the daily
arrivals at the New Western, Golden
West, Grand, Russ and Lick, and, like
the genteel letter writers who hang about
the Palace Hotel, they are the most suc
cessful and affluent beggars in the city.
• The other morning I. had business in
Judge Mogan's court, and I recognized
{.him in 1 ; the prisoner's dock, charge .beg
l sing. : .>^v'^¦; r i;'-^; r V-'-iv;.-. 1 :^j : : . 'ijv,'';
It was Billy, and he could only say
something inaudible, doubtless the dis
tress words of the Knights of Pythias.
His hands were manacled, so he could not
make 'the. sign.' His life is a history. He
had been in the clerical service of the
Nevada State Controller's office at one
time. Drink- was his besetting sin, and
in an * evil hour he fell. He has never
risen since, more than twenty years ago,
despite the fact that the Nevada colony
here .has -made 1 herculean 'efforts to, lift
him again. •;•'* "'-'. .
**He boasts that; he has- not done a day's
work in twenty years, save when on some
of the rock piles in the adjacent counties,
and then only; when by way of diversion
he would take a spin out to San Mateo,
San Jose, Oakland or San Rafael and, In
his own words, "break ; in" for a few
days. This is. socialistic,' pessimistic, op
timistic.' philosophic Billy, who has taken
a vow ngalnst work and who knows -and
workH only "the good things he finds on
tho ''Hldownlks of San Francisco.", Of him,
it la paid, that' on Van Ness avenue^ from
end to end, he can call the dogs by name;
thoy/aUlknow him! arid. he can ascend the
mnnBton Hteps. ring the doorbell unmo
lttatctl , ami pass in^his card for a few
casos. ' ! , • .¦ , .'. • '¦ ; : - .'¦•"
BeRgary ,by day and revelry bynlght, '
In every tip a son?. In every sons a fl*ht, \ '
A thousand talcs a thousand tongues do wed
For every (free sheep stew and quart of Dago
rod. ¦ ' ..^ : ". .' '¦'.' ' ¦ ' - - .'¦
.Would . that ,the' San : Francisco beggars
could go to far away Iceland, where there
i is no begging, no town. poor, no homeless
people and 'but ;one hospitairyThere ; the
people "are; all 'poor, "yet self-supporting.
No .crime'; is therej'no home for the aged,
no orphan asylum",' no alnishouse; but the
people work ; there . at. sheep-raising, spin
ning,-,' knitting, -hay-raising ' arid .; fishing—
that is the reason there are no beggars. ¦
hla personally, extreme Jl 50 (x). Is well
worked. : ¦.
44. C B. Holbrook. See him in person. 50c
f O. Advice to you. keep your job for -life. He
never asked a man for a cent In all; his life.
45. Father Scanlan, St. Joseph's. Burly and
gruff if he can bluff. Call bluff and 50c (4)
(prox). Look out for big stairs. "Watch.: ;
46. Ex-Police Judge Treadwell, wears big
K. P. badge.. Worked to death yet good for
60c'oO.: : , . ¦".', , VJ ; : ' ¦
47. Father Cummlng? of St. Patrick's. A
real gold brick If he can b» teen. 50c (10)
(prcx). To every one.
4S. Father Coyle. Star of the Sea, Gives
quickly. No story ne<*ded. 25c <i) <prox>. ¦ '
43. Father Grant, a ; Scotch priest. St.
Peter's. No fail to any one. (x) (prox).
Xo questions asked. . l ' • :.
50.- Any member of Nevada Colony, 1. e.,
from State of Nevada, some 100 names, 50c (x).
51. Mme. Barrios, nCKXI Stelner. Talk Guate
mala. J10. :
...-¦.... -
The foregoing are only excerpts from
the list of 5000 names given afterward
voted me by the Big Cash Beggars' As
sociation, of which one Cornelius Harvey
was secretary.
; To induce me to follow up the profes
sion, it was explained to me at the time
that there was only one way a fellow
like me could live in San Francisco, as
there was no work for strangers, espe
cially for Eastern and Southern men "for
whom the California Native Sons of the
Golden West had but contempt and pre
judice." Further, they persuaded- me that
I would have "to pack my bed on my
back, sleep among the animals in the
barns and eat a poke-out on the ranch
kitchen doorstep and work sixteen hours
per day.'-* : v
I was then put next to the national and
benevolent societies, given the necessary
details and story to tell. ; :' .
1. British Benevolent Association — C. G.
telegraph operator, doles out
alms; claim nativity somewhere British
Empire; have work in some out-of-vvay
town by water; strike for cash fare to
Petaluma, Sacramento, Seattle, Los An
geles, etc. Cash, 50c (10); alias cash, .50c
<10). $1 50 (4). $1 (3) and prox (x). The prox
means I stood outside, told others. "Wood
ward was from St. Johns. N. B.,' and
after getting my fare each time," steered
others there. They in turn brought oth
ers till we nearly put the treasury on
the bum. . .' : .
2. Scotch-Irish Association— Get note
from Dr. <T Evelyn to Bookkeeper Whyte
of Eagleson & Co., 535 Market. Get one
parent's name Irish, the other Scotch.
Get Eagleson, the Prest., to speak for
you. $3 four times and once $5. By way
of change get some woman to go in and
plug for you. They are especially good
to her* sex. You can repeat.
3. St, Vincent de Paul Society of St.
Patrick's, P. Shirley, ! PresL— Get some
priest at St. Patrick's to speak for you.
Strike for fare always and belong to that
parish. Give Irish name, like Murphy,
Hooligan, etc Take a different name
each week and another story. $1 <x— prox).
4. Eureka Benevolent Association. - Mr.
Jjevy, secretary. Have employment let
ter; leaving city, but barred for wash-
Ing or blankets. Any kind of ; papers.
Take first name Hebrew as Reuben, Ja
cob, Moses, etc. Jl (2 prox).
5. San Francisco Benevolent Associa
tion. Mr. Beeching, secretary. Hostile to
Huskies. Told a burly- to swim across
bay. "Wi'l give a meal or bed ticket and
to some employment orders. To women
he gives liberally. Groceries and j.sh.
A wise guy is Beeching.
6. St. Andrew's Society. James Duncan
does honors. Go there if you can talk
¦with an old country accent, weekly, under
a different Scotch name and story, and
you can fool him for the next ten years.
Study the map of Scotland and Scotch
names and cities. He is from Glasgow.
Meal and bed tickets or Helping Hand and
cash for fares to the out of the way
points. 50c (x), $1 (x) and $1 50 (x) and
prox. Pollock, the Palace Hotel buyer, is
president and good for Jl any time, but
nard to get to see. Robert Watt and a
thousand Scotchmen are easy marks,
"clannish" and true to their countrymen
• • •
The foregoing are hastily compiled from
the almost countless pages of the "good
things'/ on the lists furnished third degree
members of the San Francisco Original
Big Cash Beggars' Association of IV73,
covering a period of time from then till
the present. There are many new names
added dally, as the fraternity meet night
ly arid compare notes of adventures and
new strikes.
. I
These beggars do not consivsaie con
secutive nights in the same ganjvs Jir.d :it
the same place, but they vary their
haunts and divide up" into smail gang:- of
three and four and alternate v.'ith one
another on their rounds. Say '• Monday
night at- rear of "No. 102,'.' on Second
street, near Mission; Tuesday, at Mul
len's, "640" on Commercial street (the
home of the ex-convicts); Wednesday, at
Joe's 530 Vallejo street; Thursday, at!
Pine and Kearny. the hole in the ground. |
436 Pine— basement; Friday, at American
Exchange 646 Sacramento; Saturday. 61?
Commercial street; Sunday, at Joe"*=. 530
Vallejo, in the subterranean 'entrance 10
the side of Vallejo Kill.
They also visit the Sam Chovrs (<wd for
5 cents) ; and the • Enchees of Chinatown,
but the tunnel cheap wine dumps are best
suited for their mysterious avocation.
Beggars are base ingrates, ?cr they
speak of their benefactors , as guvs.
marks, jays, soft snaps, geld bricks. Reu
bens, etc.. and they speak of the cops as
John Laws. i
Andrew Carnegie is jusi, now jplvlns mil
lions in inducing others to give. His ob- '
ject is to help others to help 'themselves.
That is true philanthropy.:
Generous San Franciscans* are pivtng
thousands to help others to in jure- them
selves, not knowing that their well-meant
alms find their way to the cheap vrine
joints, where able-bodied men while aw.iy
their golden hours in beastly dissipation,
planning sin and crime and now to get
money without working for It.
Each time aim? are erlven or altsn.
made (as you like) to an able-bodied,
healthy man, to that extent he oses his
self-respect, his self-dependence, and the
more firmly he resolves to find the next
¦coin the 6a me way.'
The modern tendency of socialism is re
actionary and has something to do with
the growing contempt for labor at pres
ent prices. ,. '¦ }
I must submit that since my conversion
I : have again become a toiler and the!
other day met one of my former, fellow- I
Associates, still on the town', -dotriK busi- j
ness at the. old stand. I offered to help,
him to get work, but. he declined. Said v
he:
¦ "One hot day in July, 1S94, I had arrived i
from Selby's smelter after working /all
night for$l 85. .1 had a little over c dol
lar in my pocket, had taken a few drinks
and at Kast and Market fell asleep re
clining against a telephone pole. My b,ead.
I expect, drooped upon my chest, my brow
perspiring, and my hat had dropped on
the sidewalk. Some eenerous passer-by
must have taken me for a beggar, dropped
a coin in my hat; others, I expect, im
pulsively followed suit, for imagine try
surprise on awakening to find the hat con
tained $2 85 In nickels, dimes, quarters aud
halves— more than I had earned through
that long, hot, sultry, laborious night \
rolling redhot slag.
"Since then I've. seen through the folly
of working and giving it to the saloon
man, for he gets it all, anyway, in the
end. Why, George, you did not use to
work yourself— you know how it Is—
what's the use In talking to me?"
'And just then he accosted the next vic
tim: "Say, Mister, etc." and he got it. •
For every fool who dies three are born.
"What Is the use of my working?" said
another.
"Your duty is to work— be a producer,
be somebody, do your part ih the world,?
was my answer.
"Yes. produce what— millionaires, eh?
Not much. I don't object to those work
ing who want to work. They don't know
any better. That's where they belong.
"I can get along without slaving. I can
go out frisking and touch up a couple of
cases in two or three hours any day."
' And said a Weary Willie -rounder:
"See here, George, these dumps are the
only home I have. I J; can't go into a
decent saloon. They'd throw me out;
"I love sociality. There we have toast, .
song and sentiment, wine* galore, kan
garoo court, free morning soup, all day
lunch, 10-ceit bed tickets on Helping
Hand, good for free bath, fumigation,'
clean bed, free doctor and free daily
papers, and the free barber school near
by. , •
"Who would be foolish enough to work?'
"Frisco ain't a bad place for a beggar.
"Five-cent cteam and Dago red,
Free lunch and free bed."
An educated dope-flend v beggar , broke
forth in a panegyric: ,: :•..-.
"Citizens know there Is not half enough
work for all the people nocking here, fol
lowing the four winds of heaven as west- ¦
ward -the trend of errpire takes >ita i way.
..« ' . 1 - ¦ * '
Friscans show by \ their ¦ acts that they
expect j'Ou to beg, and if you don't strike
them for a coin they will actually be dis
appointed. £„''/ \£Y •'¦ ,; : .'"'¦ • : - ( ¦••' ';¦;./, ;. :
"Just you go into a store or shop In
tending to ask for ¦work, and before you
begin your story the proprietor is reach
ing you a coin willingly enough, and he
seems to ask you to take it, expects you
to take it and gruffly affects to bv;'Ois
pleased If you decline it. I- tell you;
George, the beys have 'got them pretty
well broke in.". •
. Daddy Brown, an octogenarian broom .
peddler, as liiho as a Berkeley athlete, has
a novel way of flying the, kite.
Awaiting his opportunity, with eaglelike
swiftness he swoops down upon a. cigar
stump just as a plug hat procession • is
elbowing past , him, artfully attracting
their attention. In moat cases the trick
works admirably and the benevolent gen
tleman with the silk tile says (thrusting
a. dollar in Daddy's f hand), "Here, old
man, go get you a decent smoke," and
Daddy goes— to trie wine Joint to sing
"Pour out the red wine and let it flow
while the dollar lasts." Ad innnitum! .,
The racehorse touts and. tin-horn gam
blers and iliose who 'play the Chinatown
and other lotteries are, like the bunko
sUertrs, a different class of beggars, who
smcke bit cigars, wear swell clothes, stay
round the swell hotel corridors and read
ing rooms. Their little game. Is known
and understood, and they are looked upon
with complacency by citizens. This is the
gang of beggars who throng the race,
poolrooms after touching up the unso
phisticated country transients.
. The following doggerel will, I submit,
bo castlgation enough for this ¦ class of
leech grafters, "whose ways are dark,
whose tricks are vain": \
"Tout" ; rubber here, "tout" rubber there, s
Rubber the' stranger everywhere.
Cigar stand beegars and ¦ street ¦ corner dudes,
They glare - and . they stare like', owls In : . the
woods, ¦ . ¦ ¦'¦.*¦
With their "blled" linen and pompadour heads,
They are: mooching and .1 begging the price 1 of
. their; beds, * '_
But of all the rubbers and , beggars, forsake':'
The Koyal Cafe and the Ellis-street. fake!!! .'V ¦'
"Down all the stretch of hell' td-.its last
gulf there is no shape more terrible", than
the thousands. of young men,". able-bodied,
burly,* husky fellows,* mooching; and beg
ging • ' money— other people's \ money— to
play^the'races.'to gamble for; a livelihood,
ar.cl deriding the, "Man:with"the»Hoe." :"\-
L'astly come the* badge beggars, who are
Continued from Page One.
My Experiences as a
Professional Beggar.
£""1>cHE rain dashed against .he win-
I '¦ dows. The blase girl piled the
1 divan cushions higher and ' sank
I among them with a sish of con
tent. On the floor by her aide knelt
the debutante, surrounded by a sea of
dress samples.
"Aren't they just too sweat for any
thing?"' she gushed, as she looked up for
approval.
The blase girl half opened her eyes. -
"Pink, baby blue, white. Organdie, chal
lie, dotted muslin," she murmured. "No,
I don't think your first season in soclety
has spoiled you. Still of course, it all
depends on how you have them made"
The debutante's eyes flew wide open.
"Why. what on earth do you mean?"
she gasped. \ "«V"""
"I do not see," the blase girl went on,
gently; "any mystical preens or 'yellows,
or any half mourning lavenders, conse
quently I Infer that you are still free from
any affair of the heart, j Nor have vou yet
gone to the other extreme. You don't
wear white gowns which button down the
back, neither do you tuck: a rose in your
hair. No, I should place you in the ruffle
. The debutante could only stare.
"I'll waser my best Paris hat," her
friend continued, "that the 'blue dotted
muslin is to be made with six srraduated
ruffles on the skirt and three 011 the waist,
and that the white Swiss Is to have >jne ,
of those new chiffon sashes and flounce
of"— ¦
"See here!" interrupted the debutante,
"Are you a mind reader?" _ . .
"No, my child,": returned the blase girl,
with a superior air. "But I am en ob
server of nature, human nature, which is
much more ¦ interesting: than sticks and
stones, and in the course of mv valuable
experience I have always found that the
character fits the cown."
"Then my character is dotted muslin
and ruffles?"
"Yes. my dear, you are in what may he
called the first stage. Oh, it's very in
teresting; it's almost like the seven agea
of man." . ¦'?** ¦?! "'¦/'¦"¦
v The debutante clasped her hands. "Oh,
do tell me!" she begged.
The blase girl cleared her throat like a
professor about to begin a lecture. "In
the first place,"- she observed, "there is
the preliminary stage, but I won't dwell
on that, because no' woman of the world
looks back on it otherwise than with pain.
I refer to the age when she" didn't care
what she had on, so long as it was'com
fortable; the time when she wanted pock
ets in her best dresses and her clothes so
loose that she could turn around seven
-times in, them. This peculiar . condition
belongs to the awkward age. I simply
want to make this remark about.it, tha't
the girls who are the most difficult to
dress at that trying age usually develop
Into the most finished specimens of female
vanity later on. You can easily account.'
for this on the theory that women'in
variably rush from one extreme to the
' other. % .;"
"So then we come to the ruffle period,
the first real stage.- Having discovered
the power of dress the girl fairly revels
In it. She has no conception of
j color. Ornamentation is everything with
her, and she" glories in "ruchings. ruffllng3
*and frills without number. . If she doesn't
succeed In looking like her mother at this
time it Is usually thanks to a prudent .
dressmaker, who 'insists' on modifying her
elaborate, notions. Then, too, besides her
face, there is one other thing which pro
. claims her ; youth, ,the {ordinary simple
shades which she" chooses, for her ideas
of color at this time are as little complex
as her ideas of life*. .... I '.'¦^'] i .
."In the next stage we see a marked
change in this respect. Her gowns are
less - elaborate, perhaps, but strange and
weird colorings make their appearance.
Yellows and greens are usually attempted,
.and there is'a. straining, toward romantic
effect. Of couree, it Is useless to tell you
the girl is having her first love affair. If .
this turns out satisfactorily and she mar
; ries her dress career is practically ended
'and she merges into the conventional ma
tron type. : -
"But if she does not the next period is
-usually- one of half-mourning. ,; Her heart
is broken, she tells you. Life is but an
empty dreamt Bright scenes and ' colors '
< are distasteful to . ; her. -so' she "wears se
vere; black tailor-mades and .affects soft,
clinging ; grays,; heliotropes and ashes of
• roses. Her ; f rlends '* patiently endure this
fad," for they know it^can't last, and," sure
, enough,- the next period is'oneof appalling \
gayety. and coquetry. \
The Blase Girl and the
DEBUTANTE TALK DRESS.
* ? 'It is easy enough to distinguish a girl
who is in this period. She has had expe
rience, and she uses it-for all it Is worth.
Her gowns are usually models of chic and
aplomb, and they are distinctly made to
suit the masculine taste. The colorings
are most complex, too. For instance, she
buys a white chiffon dotted with pale yel
low. In the ruffle period she would have
had it made over the same color or white,
~ but in the experienced stage it goes over
the palest of pale blue taffeta, and it is
profusely trimmed with wicked looking
black insertion and bits of- pale blue,
black and yellow chiffon. If she marries
at this period she usually weda a rich
man and astonishes . her friends by tho
artistic beauty of her gowns. It she still
remains single she poses as a woman
with a history and wears accent go*ois
and black spangled princess effects." " -.
"My goodness!" exclaimed the debu- •
tante. ' "But then," she added, after a
pause, "you can't fit everybody's life into
'just such periods."
¦ 'Tcrhaps not," drawled the 'blase girl,
"but yon'd be surprised to see how many
people do fit. Of course there are excep
tions; "-. Artists, for instance. Th© ' first
thine a successful artist or authoress
does is to drop her corset, and the second
is to get an esthetic teagown. a medie
val one if possible, and made of colors no
one else wears. It must have lots of'flop
py • effects, too, and tags of lace and'rib
bon that don't mean anything. Then
there is usually an intense look In the
eyes which gees with that . costume and a
Botticelli arrangement of the hair."
"You spoke of girls who wore roses In
their hair and white gowns which but
toned down the back. What do you
mean?" asked the debutante anxiously.
The blase girl fixed a pair of solemn
eyes upon her. "Beware of th© girl who
wears that combination!" she exclaimed
tragically. "She is the false Ingenue and
her age may be anywhere from 20 to 30.
But she has had experience and is a very
serpent of wisdom. No real youn» girl
ingenue could possibly wear sucn a cos
tume with any effect. Sho would look
like a dowdy. Besides, the youn* girl
does not cultivate any such effects. ¦ Her
tastes run too much to frills. The, demur©
girl who tucks a rose behind her ear and
who affects white Is merely setting a trap
for some unwary man. As a rule. It is a
trap which does not" fail." 5.f*,&
""And what about colors? Do they mean
anything?"
"Do they?" repeated the blase girl sar
castically. "Oh, no! Of course not! Just
try and see. For instance,- play the In
genue some evening when you are wear
ing a red net "gown and watch how you
don't -succeed. On the other hand, put on
a pale blue muslin and see How easy It
will be to make people believe In you. Be
seen once in a pink gown with a lot of
ruffles and your reputation as a coquette
• is established. On the other hand, affect
grays and mouse colorings and you may
do about what you please. Why, even.
dress materials talk"
"Nonsense!"
"Nonsense, if you will, but Isn't white
muslin connected in your mind with girl
ishness? Doesn't challie stand for slm
r pHcity? Cashmere for respectability?
Broadcloth for wealth and a fat income?
Satin spells elegance, taffeta vanity, chif
fon gentleness and mousseline de sole
frivolity, while crepe de Chine suggests
deceitfulness. and spangles downright
worthiness." !:<?~-'i
"Then you actually mean to say that
you can tell any girl's character by the
clothes she wears?"
"If I can't tell the whole of At, I can
make a pretty shrewd guess at the rest.
Tho artful girl wears bis rosettes and
flchua saucily tied, black velvet bows and
distractlngly spotted veils. The unsophis
ticated girl's clothes hardly ever fit, and if
they do she hardly ever looks at home in
trfein. The j prim woman has every bcrw
pinned at the four corners. The ftufly girl j
ia usually disoruerly, and she never -wears
» her fcat straight, while the * orderly wom
an can't tie a stylish bow to save her life.
"Lazy women's skirts stick up In front:
Tailor made women are brisk and. uncom
promising. Girls who affect polka dots are
apt to be frivolous, and .those who wear
plaids are as a; rule open hearted. .. The
mannish girl is known . by the shoulder
seams of her coat, and the narrow-minded
> woman invariably has her waists narrow
across the chest. Tho . " - . . .. •
"Hold on!" gasped the debutante, as she
hastily - clutched her samples. • "Is there
, any way a girl can clothe herself so that
her. thoughts won't be known?" '
The. blase girl sank back amon; the
. cushions and ..closed her eyes .wearily.
."Yes," she murmured. "Adopt dress re-
MISS STUDDIFORD TELLS HOW SHE DEFIES ALL RULES LAID DOWN FOR SINGERS
GOSSi WITHOUT WfW?
DOSS NOT TAKE COLD •
MISS VAN STUDDIFORDS just
coming in," said the man, who
pointed out : her whitewashed
door, and I reached it as she
was entering. She greeted me
In a smart, light jacket and a smarter,
lighter hat. j .: ¦• : - "'• ' .: / . . : ;
"Where did you leave your wraps?" I
asked her. ".'•"' -'.Y •„ ~ .. ;; ' ' ; :
"My wraps? 'This is all I wear," sh«
answered, pointing to the spring coat. :
"You don't feel cold, do. you?" she added,
with a suggestion of scorn. ''¦¦" •
"But your voice? How do you take care
cf it?" --¦¦ . , ;•¦ . ' :
"By not taking care of It/'
And for the love of Mike, if here isn't a
Elnger who never ccmes to her dressing
room done up to the ears in boas and
furs and down, to the ears In crocheted
things. She doesn't escape from the pro- .
tection of a carriage to fly in Romeo-clad
feet to the protection of the theater, dodg
ing draughts on the way. V'i
"Other people can be slaves to their
voices if they want to— I won't." she
says. Isn't she sassy? '-. : . . .. ¦ £_\
There are sister artists of hers who
hold up their hands in horror at the
•way she "abuses" that voice of hers."
Some of them are silently rejoicing in the
thought that she will one day see her sal
ary falling off and her place in the vaude
ville world beckoning somebody else for
want of care-taking.
Maybe it will all go a? they gloomily
predict. It is up to Miss Van Studdiford
to prove that her method of no method is
the right one. At any rate, she has a good
time now while her voice is fresh and her
Falary is* ripe, and 'it isnTjn her to listen
to croaking. ,'¦ ,^:'*:.:
"I'll tell you what I believe," she said,
as she threw off her jacket and sat down,
leaving the door- open to let in fresh air.
"I don't bother about having many theo
ries, but 1 helieve this— that what keeps a
voice in good condition is nothing in the
world but having good health. I have."
She most certainly has. '¦ She is aggres
sively well in 9 way that hespeaks, three
square meals a .day and twelve hours a
night. I am strapping myself, but she
turns me yellow with envy.
Then she went on to relate: how she had
tho grip once— her only illness.- It was
dreadful/ She had to go to bed, for sev
eral.days and she actually had the doctor.
Great heavens! Most of us indulge in sev
eral grips a season, and we keep the doc
tors furnished with spanking teams. It
isn't square by the medical profession to
be an well as Miss Van Studdiford.
"I don't walk on purpose into a draught
any more than I would walk into poison
oak. but I don't bother much about keep
ing out' of one.- I avoid* taking cold no
more than anybody off the stage would—
anjbcdy who never thought of singing.
And- as for bundling myself, I won't do
it." ; ...... vj'-R
She was. getting out of her sleeves while
she talked, and she let the' gusts of all
the Orpheum's lower regions blow in upon
her bare arms '¦' '¦ - '.'¦¦¦
''I : suppose you're "a cold bath fiend," I .
said.^She looks like/one.' But: here's an
.other J place where she surprises you."^
.'"No, I'm not. I never took but one cold:
.'bathTandlt felt, so much wetter than hot
baths do that I "decided to go back to the
old thing. '- 1 take a hot bath every morn
ing. No, I don't have even a cold dash
after it. I never take 'cold." ' ."
% Admit that she's irritating. A woman
whb'never had : but one grip in her..life:- s
who can fo oiiuand snowshoe' after a hot
bath; whose chest expands like a balloon
without her ever ..taking, a calisthenic.ex
ercise—she's nothing - less than irritating.
For it's, a fact that she_doesn't know
, the first thing about gymnastics in any
systematic form. Her only exercise ' is
.walking. She takes her walks in allo
pathic doses of five miles and, she calls
: them her "little strolls," and she never
regards them for a minute as a duty owed
to her health. She merely enjoys them." s
"One"" thing that all singers ought to
look out for and that I am. careless about
is eating before singings I always have
the best intentions in the world— I make it
a rule to eat very lightly before singing.
But as for following the rule-^deaf. dear,
I've just come from dinner now, and I
ate a very square meal. "Tho. trouble is
I'm always hungry. I am so well and I
walk so much that I can't keep ray appe
tite' down. "¦•"I- nearU' starve in the Kast.
where there are two performances every
day. That means two light meals, you
see. -Jlmlny. don't I have to. eat at sup
per ( to make up for lost time! , . .
"What do I eat?' Anything that I want.
I never want indigestible^ food, so that's
easy. If food is good for you it's good for
your voice. I can eat anything except a
missionary, and I find it i3 a valuable
accomplishment to one traveling all the
time arid getting up against various kind3
of . hotels. I learned the art when.I was
a little girl and .visiting: away from home.
Before ithat I" had* been whimsical. I
thought that I didn't ; like this and I
didn't like that. When 'I found that I
should go hungry if I didn't put .up with
what 'I could get I found out that mut
ton and string bean3 were not Impossible,
after all. And I know now that they are
quite as good for my voice, too, as lamb
and green peas, which I like ' better. _
"You can't Imagine those flutings stim-
ulated by mutton and string beans, can
you? That highest twirl of notes has no
business to " depend ¦ on anything more
earthly than strawberry ice. I hat© to
have to report the truth.
• "To sum up the whole thing, Just being
well and having a good time do more for
my voice than any amount of care. If I
Were always " thinking of draughts and
diet I'd- be so miserable that I couldn't
sing. I shouldn't feel slngy. I like to be
in a jolly good temper when I go on the
staerc — then the songs sing themselves. I
guess I feel pretty good to-night, by the
way. I was at the races this afternoon
and I've been dining ever since." ;
"Have you any nerves?" I asked her.
f'No— o," she replied dubiously, as if she
did not quite know what nerves were. "I
don't think I have. I never feel nervous."
"Don't you ever feel keyed up— on a
first night, or when you attack those high
notes?"
"Why, they never bother me. I Just
attack, them. I always know they'll com©
cut all right. They never fail me."
"And you don't take any precautions
on tlieir account*" •. \4 + * '
"I try not to talk too much, so as to rest
my voice. But the truth is, I like to
talk " . • '
"I'm a brute," said I, 'and fled.
SARAH COMSTOCK-
I THE SUN DA Y C Alili.
Sawdust Is used in Scotland to some ex
tent-, in making , floor . cloth ; and •' linoleum,
certain i kinds of heavy stamped; or'em
bossed material to be used instead of wall
paper, coarse 'wrapping paper and; mill
board and certain coal {substitutes for,' do-j
mestic*,uBe. . It V is , also ;, employed ";(miyed
with melted roain) Id makins fire lighters.
2COLONEL RUCKER
SPEAKS OF THE
DANGER.
V IEUTEXAN'T COLONEli I* Hi
I , RUCKER of the Sixth Cavalry.
1-7 who was acting Superintendent ot.
X «4 the Yoseaiite National Park last
year and v;ho had charge of th«
cavalry troops established as a patrol.
tpraks of the- danger that threatens th« t
park from the accumulation of under
growth and dead trees. Colonel Rucker
is much interested in the -future of th«
Xatior.a! Park and feels . that its proper
preservation means much to the State ot
California.
"There i« undoubtedly great danger
.from fire in the Yosemite National Park."
said Colonel Rucker.' "We were very
lucky last year in that we discovered th»
only flres that broke out before they had
gnined any great headway. It is only a
question cf time before some flre will
start where a military patrol does not
diqp^yer it at once and there will be great
destruction of trees. Thl3 danger increases
as campers penetrate deeper into .the
national park, aa they are doing every
year. There is a growing inclination upon,
the part of venturesome campers to get
oft the fceaten road?, and the danger from
their carelessly left campnres is • a con
stant menace to the safety of the park
umier the present" cctid!tions of young
undergrowth and dead timber.
"There Is much that is necessary to be
done in the National Park, and the clear
ing of the floor is one thing- And what
applies to the National Park applies to
the State Park in the valley proper,
though the Federal authorities* have no
control over this section. There have been
vast accumulations of fallen trees. On
, the Glacier. Point road one great storm
last yoar blew down fifty-two trees in one
nlfW, .Those trees would furnish a great
d«al of,|fuel should a fire start and wourl
¦ Wf*4> awxty live trees if it should gat well
under way.
"It would seem to me that it would be
money well spent if both the Federal and
State authorities should spend money
enough to burn over at least the danger
ous sections of the parks.
"Under the present rules fires cannot ha
started in the park, and underbrush can
not be cut or burned. But campers will
build fires and the patrols are too scatter
ed over the large area to prevent them.
The rule against cutting underbrush has
alowed a healthy growth of small trees
that would act as kindling woud for the
larger trees in the event 'of a flre. ¦ It
would be manifestly improper . to allow
promiscuous fire building in the Park
but It would be the best Jhin? to have
some of -it burned #'Wiv uril cleare«l" un
der comDetert supervision "*^y:" ¦¦-.;-- "-¦
BURN THE FOREST
FROM TIME
TO TIME.
By C, JfJShinn. inspector
, of Agricultural Experiment
Stations of State University
£"T"^ HE Yosemite should : be surveyed
: T- from a botanical standpoint. Cer
-1 tain trees that are ripe should. b«
J^ . marked for cutting. Roads should
: be "made through the forests to pro
tect one part from another in case of flre.
Parts of the" underbrush could be slashed
arid , successfully burned without r damag
ing the standing trees. The accumulation
of 'dead .-wood in the Yosemite could be
burned off. if taken. at thejproper season
and in small patches. As it is now it is
ever a constant source of danger to the
forests, and if the forests were destroyed
half the beauty of the Yosemite would b«
gone.-V ". •• * 1;
In forests where .there have been
no" recent flres a leaf loam several feet
deep is ' found. This , It, extremely danger
ous, and if fired 'will destroy the standing
trees. -Where parks are" carefully watched
and guarded this dead stuff should not be
allowed to gather, but should be burned
from time to time.
A. H. WASHBURN, ONE OF THE PIONEERS OF YOSEMITE,
STRONGLY ADVOCATES THE OLD INDIAN CUSTOM
OF PRESERVING THE FOREST.
ONE of the pioneers of the Yosemite;
who has spent most of his life in
the Yosemite National Park, is A: H.
Washburn, superintendent of the
Yosemite Stage and Turnpike Com
pany. Mr. Washburn Is a strong advocate
of the old Indian custom of preserving the
forest. He says, relating to'forestry: .
"The first time I went to the Yosemite,
which was forty-one years ago, I partic
ularly noticed how few fallen- trees there
were and how clean and green. the forest
looked. Most of the psople going through
made remarks upon its fine condition,- and
some would go so far as to say, that It was
the finest forest they had ever seen. It
would-remind, them' of .beautiful parks. 1 In
those days all kinds of trees flourished and
all looked healthy. * T*hen the trees were
taken care of by thenative sons— the 1 In
dians — who burned the forest over -every
three or four years," thus keeping' down"
the undergrowth. They did not have any,
laws among .'their .tribes that prevented
any of them from making, a flre as the
white man has. The Indians made the flres
and now the white man fights to keep the
tires out. . ...
- "I firmly denounce .this present 'method
of forestry. They hold meetings,' discuss
various theories pertaining' to; forestry,
make it -'punishable by a fine for. any one
to make a fire, look wise, and claim that
they are foresters. Those that keep the
flres out should be; fined Instead of those
¦that make the fire. It is impossible to
keep fire out— it is bound to ¦• go through,
even, by lightning. In that case, who could
be fined? If the forest is clean very little
damage can be done, and the. fire can soon
be checked. .; "...-. '... ; ,:
-/"My. idea is, instead of .offering so much
money as a reward for any. one catching
a person in : the act of making a fire, Is to
take ,;that money and hire men to go
through the forest. The labor 'need not
be". so great ; to do thls.' v Only " a. few, men
axe necessary. •/*• . . • "
' "I would have the forest :divided into
portions— about • 2000 = acres to -the portion.
Where there are dead! trees j fallen | against
lives> ones the men r could "cut. down the
de'ad'tree, roll the :logs,away . at a'safe
distance and T'set , fire to^ them, thereby
preventing % the live" tree "from injury.
Thickets - could be J cut down arid piles : . be
made" for burning. V : -
• VThe: debris should be -cleared away
from the trees they., wish 'to preserve/ Aft
er this I* all' done I would have the men
go ; around ; the edge 'i of this 'area and re
move" the debris about eighteen inches all
around the ; edge and then set fire to ; It
and let It burn In'toward the center. After
this" is accomplished take another portion
and- do . the 1 same: : In 'this way, the under
growth can: be regulated "and ; the young <
trees protected. In a few years a big dif
ference could be seen. •
VI' believe if the forest. Is .worth pre
serving at. all It is worth being taken care
of.*..' {To help r pay "the expenses
could be made of old trees that are ; too
good^ to .burn : and posts could '-be . made
from . the j cedar | and these . could j be . sold.
The' white !man cares , principally for the
forests for the lumber and many fine trees
are" destroyed by men who . cut . a few
shakes out of magnificent trees and - leave
them. to die. '¦'<"• :" V; . .'', •". •-'..; i
'-V-'It is 'easy- now- to see .how the forest
has degenerated since the white man has
acted as its 'protector, /and to my. knowl
edge 'there ' has.; not 'been .spent. a single
cent [ toward preserving- the . forest- They
have .published* numerous "articles letting
forth their ideas : regarding "forestry: and
some I know. Ur be very: absurd. 'One, for
instance, they believe"In.allowing;thlsac
curhulation - of. •: debris, ¦. claiming '- that : It
holds in'moisture,' T but this - l know "to be
Impossible on ; account' of the 1 long drj'.
spell. If the vforest i is taken • care l- of in
the proper manner the woods will become
dense with fine; trees and this will aid: in
holding . the snow.- and ; give the "'desired
water for* irrigation. ; :
"I speak from experience and of the re
sults I have derived therefrom. \ The Mari
posa" 1 big tree ¦ grove ; has - been under my
supervision and I have adopted this same
method with : it ' and I derived wonderful re
sults. There is no danger of fire originat
ing in the grove and it presents a healthy
and clean appearance." ¦" -'¦'¦
BELIEVES IN A
SYSTEM OF
RANGERS.
Zy C. J". tteuhalU United
States forest Superintend;
ent of Northern California,
THE accumulation of dead trees and
leaves In the Yosemite Park Is. of
course, a constant source of danger.
The place Is carefully patrolled by
soldiers, but in general I do not be
lieve them as efficient fire-fighters as the
experienced rangers employed in the Gov
ernment forest reserves. ' - -'-
There are three kinds of flres and they
must be dealt with In different ways. (The
Tire among the pine needles is not seri
ous and can be stopped by back firing:
When among the utad trees and brusn
the fire Is more dangerous and requires
harder work to back fire and clear out
the debris in order to stop the flames. If
the blaze gets in among the tree tops and
there is a good winJ blowing; but little
can be done.
We have found the system of rangers
as used by the Government very success
ful. Last summer over the four or five
millions of acres in the northern reserves
there were 105 flres reported and put out.
There was no serious blaze, ,*".'-
ley -an old Yosemite Indian, weather
beaten by many storms, dragged himself
upon . the , veranda and looked in ] through
thewindowat the meeting.. "Umph! umph!
What for?" A bystander tried to explain
to him .that these . men were : taking • care
of his home. Another 7 'Umph" was; ut
tered and la far-away look came Into his
eyes and a sad over his face.
"White man^. don't know— no good— no
same place— white man's. home, Indian no
home— before Yosemite not this way," and
he hobbled off the porch . muttering to
himself 'of the days long ago when the
white, man j was : unknown; in- the valley
and the Yosemite was the place he loved
best ? on earth— "Indian | burn Turn brush.'
White man keep um brush..: Big fire come,
big-trees go .up/flre,\too." ;; '- ¦'-. •¦ ;"Kv^
JK Several' prominent \ men have ; spoken of
the degeneration of the : National Park. .
In 1S98 "J.'W.Zeyelyr acting superintend
ent of the park" that, year, was very muclv.
discouraged ; by^ its \ A* fire .broke V
out in "August near, the" boundary line that*
separates the National Park: from the Yo
semite^ > For days they were • fighting jflre,
-and* Mr.'- Zevely, employed every" man; that
came along. . Travel was checked I for ¦ sev
eral days, as': the , fire crossed' the stage
line. "'This portion of the park Is. totally*
destroyed, "r Mr. Zevelyl was > speaking ? of
having his foresters go through the park,
clean up the underwood and burn upVthe
dead; trees, but; he did'not receive the ap
pointment ¦ the next year, so.it was neg-"
lectedSand the park'still continues in this ,
inflammable condition.'
FREQUENT FIRES
THE LESS THE
DAMAGE
Zy J. H.£e Conte. Jnstruc'.or
in Mechanics at the Univer
sity of California and an
Active Member of the Sierra
Club.
FIRES In forests are like fires In
cities, they must come some time.
The longer they are put off the
worse they will be. It Is said th-
Indlans formerly burned over the
Tosemlte every year. Whether this could
be done now without destroying the
standing timber I do not know, but it
feemt to me that the oftener a fire goes
through a forest the less daxflage is done.
If the fire 1b kept out year after year
*rhen it finally does come the destruction
Is rreat. This is the way with the Yose
xnlte Park; should a fire break out there
this summer, and it may come at any
time, the destruction would b« frightful.
covered wrth debris have been abandonee
by sawmills. Many of these" areas He
next to fine forests and if a fire should
happen to start in this refuse matter
there would be very little hope for savins
the surrounding forests. : ¦ . i .--
A simple remedy for this would be to
destroy the refuse matter as: soon as a
tree is cut down. By doing this the aban
doned areas would be left in a safe con
dition. : • : \:
Burning the forest over every few years
might call forth the argument that/by so
doing the leaf mold is destroyed. It Is
claimed that this leaf mold acts as a
sponge and retains the moisture and
helps feed the mountain streams. This
may be true with the Eastern forests,
where rains are frequent, but not so in
California, where there Is such a Ions dry
spell. Many parts do not receive any. rain
for four or five months -and during that
time all the undergrowth and debris in
the forest Is in a parched condition.
In what condition did the white man
first find the .Yosem'te? Was his sight
marred by the superabundance ot under
growth? The valley was eatlre.'y free
from underbrush and every portion of it
could be distinctly seen. The floor resem
bled a huge gTeen carpet, dotted every
where with Innumerable varieties of wild
flowers. All the different species of trees
presented a healthy and thriving appear
ance. No dead_ trees blemished the neat
ness of the scene.
Since this was before the white man,
who were its protectors and how did they
protect It to keep It In such an excellent
condition? Nature's own children—the'In
dians—who had instilled into them
through the laws of nature the true In
stincts of forestry. Had it not been for
the Indians the Yosemite and the Na
tional Park would not be the beautiful
country it is to-day. The Indians grew up
In the forest; the forest was their home;
they were part of the forest and they
loved, it with all the devotion of their
souls. They. not only loved the forest but
looked upon it for their support; each tree
was valuable to them in some way. The
oak furnished them the staff of life, the
acorn bread; the pine supplied the pine
r.ut and sugar pine. The oily, nutritious
substance .found in the plnenut was as
necessary to their systems as butter Is
to us, and the saccharine quality found In
the sugar ;>ine was also a very important
essential. The fir provided the balsam, an
Invaluable panacea for all ills, and so It
was with all. the numerous species of
trees— each one was priceless for what it
furnished. ......
In one way the Indians may be consid
ered the farmers of the big trees. They
watched over the forest as our present
farmer watches over his crops and or
chards. The white man admires the for
est for its beauty and game, but with the
Indian it was his life.
Now, as to the Indian method of farm-
Ing. They did not allow this accumula
tion of debris, but every few years the
chiefs called the various tribes together
and held consultation and cleaned the for
ests out by fire, thus destroying -all the
umlerwood and making the large trees
healthy and clean. In a few months grass
and flowers would spring up where the
debris was lying and the whole forest re-
sombiecJ some beautiful park. ,
One of the. oldest books relating to
American forestry In" the British Museum
has- a statement in quuint old English
spying: "The Indians do. in th= moist
St. Mai tin's summertime, when the leaves
have fallen,* set fire to the leaves, and so
do not only prevent great fires In the dry
season, _but they do burn away the under
wood, so that you may ride to the hounda
as in an English park." This little state
ment gives _the condition of the forest
several hundred- yearr. ago. when the In
dian? •> were the foresters and theforests
were as clean as English parks. It also
applies directly to Yosemite and the Na
tional Park. : They, were found in this
condition not many years ago, when th«
Indian's held full sway In these regions.
At a meeting held by the Yosemite Com
missioners several years ago In the val-
CT~*TT: T^rrr-**; r;'!rr.al Park to; In
I danger of being destroyed by fire.
I Owing to the accumulation of
J^ dead trees, cJtcayed underwood
ard the excessive growth of un
derbrush the park is in an inflammable
condition.
A spark caused by lightning, a smold
ering fire, supposed to be put out by
campers, can destroy the whole forest
that has been growing for thou?a?ios .if
years. Very often thunderstorms occur
In this region during the long dry reason?
• nd^nany trees are struck by lightn n~.
If the sparks happen to catch the accum
ulated mass of dry debris a forest fire
would be immediately begun, and in a
f'nort time it would reach such a hea-lwa:.'
that it would be impossible ;o put It out
before much damage would be don« to th»
forest. : ' ¦'- . ' :.v: . ... ' • .'.
For years the foro<t has been accumu
lating underwood and when dead -tre«"»
have fallen they ha\e been allowed to re
ir.ain and de^ay on the ground until the
whole forest resembles one grand "jun-
In places a person can hardly se? nv£r
fifty yards on aecariu cf tlie superabund
ance of undergrowth, and hard'y a dis
tance can be traver?-d ten feet without
rnc^nterir.g some fullen tree to climi>
over. In ir.any plao« s deaa trees have
fallen against magnificent live ones ami
ere leaning again.*: ihfm far support.
This would give the flames ample spojv'
to lick the tops of gigantic trees. Under
the conditions that exist after ten year*
cf accumulation of dead trees and under
brush it will be impossible to much Jons^t
keep fire out of the great park. :
It is bound to star: in some way or an
other, and ence under good headvay it
would sweep the park from end to end.
Yet by allowing the forest to -'. get in;.;
this condition it is claimed that it is be
ing preserved, whei- in reality no better
means could be employed for destroying
it- To make a fire every few year? and
destroy the underwood would be consM
cred vandalism by some, and would
iiover do under the ; resent method adopt
ed for the preservation of the forests.
An example of this would be to have i
hoir.e in the country, surrounded by In
flammable debris, siid not insure it. but
make it a fine for any one to make a
fire in Its vicinity, if a fire, was one;
s-tarted nothing couM have the house. This
case is especially true with many
houses and towns d?stroyed by fire last
year in Michigan and Wisconsin. The ad
jacent country around these towns
was filled with refuse matter left by
paw-mills, and by tlie sheer neglect of
burning this dry waste material fires
started and gaine-i such control that
towns and villages Lave been swept out
of existence.
Many similar case* exist here in Cali
fornia, especially In the Sierra Nevada
Mountains where large tracts of land
THE .SUNDAY. CALL.-;
3
HOW TO PRESERVE THE YOSEMITE
FROM FIREwk Y A.ZARETH," the Passion Play of
/\ I Santa Clara, is the- most dramatic
I '^ of all conceptions of the story of
V "*" the New Testament, and its pow
¦ er l!es most in that which would
at first thought prove its weakness— the
omission of the part of. the Savior from
actual representation on the stage. ¦' .
V-ai the greatest potentialities lie in con
cealment. • ' '
/Is this any • .the -less evidently God's
world because the godform-is itself In
visible?" , \. ' ' ¦ : .V
Does the. power of a great engine ap
pear the less bccai:Fe one does not see the
steam that, moves it?
The electric current that flows on the
wire is ever unseen, but where is the
hand that dares touch tile wire which Is
known to be "alive"?
Greatest of all is the power". of. the un
seen. . .
And. the Passion Play, a story of the
suffering of the tiesh. gains wonder for
the rer.son that the poor, abused body of
the Savior, mutilated by the rabble, comes
not In sight. ' ¦ ,'; ¦ ¦'¦•:'.
"Hamlet." with the .part of Hamlet
omitted, has become a by-word for the
illustration of the impossible; but Naz
areth at Santa Clara proves that the Pas
sion Play with Christ left off the stage is
a stronger drama than the brutal realism
of'Obcramn-.ergau. 'V
Where lives the' man who .can play the
part' but to weaken' the mental concep
tion .which we have df tire Savior?"
It was the one failure < of Christ's life
that "he could not play it- himself. Of the
vast audience, who upw the' Nazarene go
through his life, how! many said "amen"?
Christ could not convince the mass by
the mere spectacle of his . existence. It
was the "word" which lived and that in
time worked the leaven.
So when*, the holy man of the Society of
Jesus at Santa .Clara conceived the Idea
of acting the drama of the New Testa
ment, it was .with dependence upon the
effect of the wo"! rather than the form. .
, From limited", ns come, freedom, and
from obstacles.:, 'ccess. '¦¦' .
ify MorrUoi F'txiey.
At that time it was not thought possi
ble to produce such elaborate work as the
subject afterward chosen demanded. Nev
ertheless, Clay M. Greene was a Califor
nian- and ambitious. There was the
chance of a lifetime to present a "Passion
Play" under the auspices of the fathers
of the Society of Jesus, with actors who
had been trained in a Christian college. •
Here is Mr. Greene's story of his work
as he told It while sitting after dinner un-
The Jesuits, ever, foremost and ag
gressive in carrying ahead the -work of
the Savior,' ' have seen . the growing- in
crease of the power of the stage, and in
stead of idly spending their time in com
bating have determined to" turn its power
from evil to good; to make it the niedium
of reaching those to whom sermons do
not appeal. •
A' year ago, when first they began plans
for tlie : "celebration of the fiftieth year's
commencement exercises, the president of
the college, Rev. Robert E. Kenna, wrote
to Clay M. Greene, the dramatist, who
had 'been his classmate at the college in
1867, and asked him for some play of the
scrt which should entertain and instruct.
' It was impossible, of course, to have
theiriln a play to be presented by a mon
astic order, and it certainly gives to the
whole a ; ruggedness that is: refreshing
after long years of Kiralfyan ballet.^ •
How the Play Came to B 3 Written.
Whether or not the spectacle does not
also gain in strength from the fact that
there is in it no woman's part is a ques
tion which can only be settled In the spec
tator's own mind.
Yet the power of the stage is great for
good, and the Jesuits at Santa Clara are
showing hov/ the presentation of the spec
tacle of Christ's birth and death makes
a stronger sermon for conversion than can
be preached from a pulpit. For the brain
of man is more devoted to the ocular per
ception than ' s to all the other four senses
ar.d is in proportion as many times as
easily throueh that channel. , •
There Is throughout the Christian world
a repugnance to seeing man-born mortals
acting the part of the Son of God. There
is in this part of the land a specific enact
ment of the law forbidding it. *
>
the four sets, with more than the usual
space between. • . : .
The electrical light controlling, devices
are. the chief boast of the stage mechan
ics, who pride themselves on the fact that
in no other theater In America can such
marvelous results be obtained. The cur
rent used is an alternating one, which is
transmitted • from the Sierra Nevada
Mountains, ISO miles away, at a line pres
sure of 60,000 volts. At San Jose the cur
rent is transformed down from 60,000 volts
to 1000 volts, and brought out to the the
ater at" that • pressure, where it Is again
transformed to the various pressures re
quired by transformers, choke coils and
series wiring.
The use of choke colls in the rheostats
instead of resistance of the ordinary form
ajlows holding/ the current at any stage
in the lighting circuits for any length of
time without danger of undue heating,
which so often gives serious trouble when
heavy currents are to be carried for long
periods. ' . *
Three colors are useu in the foot and
overhead lights, as well as the ground
and bunch lights. Each of these three
colors has its own rheostat and can b«
'put at any Intensity, from the faintest
dull glow of bare Incandescence, though
by imperceptible decrease, to full candle
power. In this way it Is possible by
working combinations of colors to get allv
of the faint delicate blue grays and rose
tints, the purples and violet colors of eve
and dawn, all brought on in the absolutely
Imperceptible rate at which nature does
it. Instead of coming by Jerks as sudden
as the blowing out of a lamp, which more
nearly approaches the usual theatrical ef
fect.
Much of the action of the play depends
upon the lighting, for the halo of the Sa
vior must be remembered, and whenever
his presence Is Indicated the lighting ef
fects do their part In carrying out the Il
lusion. ''?C>';
All through the New Testament it -yrm
be remembered that optical phenomena
are referred to, and Mr. Greene has made
the most of the possibilities.
It 13 the weird effect of unexpected light
that Is used to create the Impression of
the presence of the Savior without his ap
pearance on the stage, and the most strik
ing example of this is on the march to
the crucifixion, when behind a wail at the
back of the stage Is seen slowly passing:
the cross, which he himself bears, and
shining on it continuously from below the
halolike light of the "bunch" glare, whlca
is carried simultaneously. Whenever the
Savior is indicated as appearing in view
from those on the stage, a" light illumines
them from the direction' of his presence.
Almost would an .unbeliever of the pres
ent day wonder which 19 the greater mira
cle, that a light should radiate directly
from the person of a man or that a tum
bling, snow-fed torrent 200 miles away In
the high Sierras' should send this blaz»
of light over a rod of clay-formed alumi
num, to glow or dim at the touch of the
wizard at the switchboard.
The surroundings of the theater are such
as to make It peculiarly fit for the pre
sentation of a solemn play of this sort.
The ground on which it stands and all
about is almost, solid mold of the first
Christians of the , West- The California
Indians, nearly all of them of Western
California at least, were buried In and.
around these missions. By the ten thou
sand they are there, and, according to
their own custom which they grafted upon
the Christian burial, the tombs are all un
marked. It would .have been according to
Indian ethics a mark of the greatest dis
respect to place a tombstone. The mother
who could not remember where her son
was burled or the son who forgot where
lay his ancestor when came the day of
the dead and the time for burning a can
dle above him would have been indeed a
faithless mourner. It was their pride that
they remembered the spot of the inter
ment of each deceased relative. But now
the race is gone and over their unmarked
graves there are none to mourn, except
as the pious fathers say each night at
half past 8, when tolls the dead bell, "Da
Profundls" for all deceased.
Not only is the theater thus standing
upon a vast cemetery but It adjoins the
old Franciscan church, which was built
by the earlier followers of Junlpero Serra,
and still remains, used daily by the wor
shipers. Built ..on to the church In two
directions are * the old mission buildings,
-which form part of the quadrangle, and
surrounding the quadrangle are the va
rious halls 'of learning which constitute
tl.e college that the fathers maintain.
Every part in the play will be taken
either by students of the college or by
alumni, of whom many have risen to
prominence.
In the center of the panoramic picture,
in which the theater is shown on the
right, will be seen a tall white cross. This
is a wooden casing which surrounds the
original cross that was the first stick
erected by the Franciscans. The old cross
is still to be seen through a glass plate let
Into the side of the boxing. It 1s of un
palnted redwood, and, like all of the heavy
timbers in the old mission, .was carried on
the shoulders of the Indian converts from
the mountains which He back of the flat
valley of the mission as do themountaina
lie back of the little plain In .which is set
the village of Oberammergau.
Around. this cross in the century before
the last took" place the 'allegorical plays
of the Indians, which .were half mixtures
of their 'old' war dances and of their
strange conceptions of Christianity, which,
were, as they themselves were, serious,
deep, and reverent beyond our flippant
comprehension. So much has been said o£
the low order of the Californian Indiana
that it has coma to be believed, despite the
fact that their works remain to prove
them of ability - possessed by few abor
igines now living. The frescoing on the
Mission Church celling was done by full
blooded Indian converts. While as art It
is lacking, yet there is a heavy, solemn,
pro-Raphaellte realism to It that awes
There was on the stage a good stock of
Bcenery adapted for all ordinary require
.'ments, but for. "Nazareth" all is new. In
"order to give the scenic' features required
< for representing ¦ the magnificent archi
tecture of Jerusalem before Its glory r de
'parted it was. necessary to; cut away 'all
of the old "gridiron" and build a new one
several feet higher. , This was possible, as
•; the .' fly gallery did ' not _ take all of the
'" height of the building. The depth of the
/stage is enough to allow ample room for
¦..The auditorium seats UOO people, and
when crowded to. its . standing-room ca
pacity; has contained over 2500. There are
125 ' persons on the stage in. the present
production, of whom "nearly one-half have
speaking parts.
The "exterior of the building is shown in
the extreme right of* the panoramic view.
It is three stories in height, of pure Ionic
' architecture, even to the ground plan. The
'entire building is devoted to. the theater,
having no other rooms within it. The
auditorium has a steeply sloping floor, as
ls'usual, but,^what is hot so common in
this country, although more so in France,
Is that the stage is also steeply inclined
toward the footlights.
, The fathers of the Jesuit College at
Santa Clara built, ' own and manage this
theater, and, as will be; seen from the
photographs, take part in assisting in the
rehearsals.
"For the last iwo months Mr. O'Sullivan
and myself, together with the electrical
engineering corps of .the college, have
worked continuously on the mechanical,
scenic and electrical effects, until I can
Bay that in many respects • there is no
theater in the United States so equipped
for the peculiar requirements of this most
delicate of all plays."
Tlie Theater and Its Surroundings.
It will seem strange to most people that
there should exist a theater, with all Its
paraphernalia, under the management of
and supported by* a church.
. "The scenery was intrusted to Mr.
O'Sulllvan, also 'an alumnus, who was at
the time doing landscapes in Europe.
. "After completing the -dramatization of
the atcry I came from New York to the
mission here, and have been working for
the last two and a half months every day
in the theater, and living in the same old
room that I had when a student, thirty
five years ago. v . :
"The* new theater, which had replaced
the old gymnasium in which I had done
my first dramatic work, was amply spa
cious to accommodate 2000 people* in the
auditorium • and 200 actors on the stage,
but in the matter o* scenery, lighting and
spectacular effects, all was to be prepared.
"It was determined to make the.specta
cle in everything the work of the college,
or of the talent of its alumni.
"After considering the. matter he an
swered, agreeing to do everything neces
sary for. the success of the play, and I
went to work.
"I wrote to Father Kenna that It would
cost thousands of dollars to stage the
production properly and that months of
the hardest work would be required for
preparations and rehearsals.
VI was always familiar with the Scrip
,ture3, but my first preparation .consisted
in a 'minute study'of both the" Old and the
New. to enable me to grasp' the wonderful
dramatic possibilities with which they
abound.
"The magnitude of the undertaking as
tonished me. \ —
"Every verse had a situation in it. None
could be lightly treated.
"I set to work upon one whiclrwould tell
the story of the real drama ti!at trans
formed the world, and tell it in" such a
way that it could be acted without the
slightest possibility or thought of sacri
lege; a play which could be acted where
or whenever wished without ' inflicting
upon sensitive people the painful specta
cles of the great characters unworthily
represented.
"One night after the last act of 'Ben
Hur,'. where the presence of the Savior is
indicated by dramatic device without his
actual appearance, I was struck with the
possibility of carrying on the same illu
sion" throughout an entire drama. ,
' '•That made the •Passion Play' a possi
bility. ., :;['¦-; :
"The preparations for the ; 'Passion
Play' at Oberammergau were then being
made, and comments upon them were fre
quent. The idea kept itself uppermost in
my mind, but ever with the crushing fin
ish that in America there was too much
sensitiveness to stand the shock which
the phlegmatic Teuton actors administer
in their realism. ' ,
¦. "Father Kenna's first reauest was that
I choose my. own subject, whether grave
or gay, but I knew that there could be no
doub; as \o his own choice in the matter.
\ "The traditions of the college were rich
in dramatic efforts from the time when
the first Indian converts gave rude repre
sentations of their, former wild lives and
later conversion. These were Christmas
plays, entirely in the open, and usually ;
performed on the eve of Christmas, 'La
Noce Buena.' That was when the'mis
sion was under the Franciscans, during
the time that I was here; we had a very
passable theater and gymnasium com
bined, and it was there that I got my
first liking for the stage and its work, to
which I have devoted my life.
¦ "He and I had been schoolmates here
together and as boys had played under
the mission olives and through the old
garden of the Franciscan • Fathers. To
gether we had spent the happiest years of
our lives within 'the thick adobe walls
that had been a fort, capable of formida
ble'resistance, at the time when no other
white men were west of the Rocky Moun
tains and none but pirate sails were on
the Pacific. .. ' >
"I was In' New York at the time Father
Konna wrote me first about the intention
of making elaborate preparations for cele
brating the golden Jubilee of Santa Clara
College. ' ¦ ¦ . • -'""' : :
der the palms of the quadrangle of the
Mission Santa Clara': "
THE SUNDAY CALK <
4
THE GREAT PASSION PLAY• the condition of his finger nails was ;
recently shown by Dr. Marco, an Italian
physician, who has for some, timo been
making investigations in this direction.
.According to him, a patient whose nalla^ •'.
are not quite smooth, but contain many '
rurrows." is subject to- acute diseases, **¦•?
.since it is the inability to take adequate- ;
nourishment, caused by such diseases, .',
which makes the nails defective. He also ' "-
maintains that a series of grooves will be -
•found in the nails of those persons men
tally unbalanced, and especially of those
who are periodically alflicted by some
form of mental disturbance, and that from
a simple examination of the nails any
skilled physician can tell how frequent
and how violent the mental attacks will ¦
be. ¦ ". . k
As Dr. Marco has carefully examined }X
the nails of hundreds of patients and is \
widely known as a scientist of high rank,
his novel doctrine in regard to the value"
of nails as indicators of health is natur
ally attracting wide attention.
J'ta'e of Jfsat h indicated by
\h° Finger [fails.
THAT the mental condition of a per
son who is suffering from some phy
sical ailment may" be Judged from
birth.
Spied on him for Caiphas until no longer could
I disbelieve.
I heard his trial and set out to see him die.
But that I could not do, for when I saw him
lain ur>on the cross
And heard the hammer as they drove the nails
into these sacred hands ¦ .
fighting against the gates of hell!"
Then Judas, starting, sees a prophetic
vision, which warns him that through
all the ages of time the name of Judas
shall signify all that means treachery and
betrayal.
(Boaz enters.)
JUDAS— Here is one I know. (To Boaz) A
word with thee.
EOAZ— How dar<» you to ypeak to me? (Hur
ries oft.) •/; .
(Enter Abiron and Esrom.)
JUDAS— Stay; I have money and will share
it with a friend who will, give me lodgment. ;
ABIROX — Not in my house. I'd burn it first.
JUDAS to ESROM— Turn thou not, too, away
from me. Can all this buy me nothing?
ESROM— From murderers, but not from just
men.
JUDAS to DATHIAaf— Through thee alone I
sinned. Look! here's the silver that I got.
DATHIAX— Accursed is the price of blood.
JUDAS — And this is all that you can say?
Can you say nothing more than that? '
DATHIAN— Aye, this: That -he who bribes
does so to keep his own hands free. But he
who takes the bribe Is so denied that one more
smirch blurs not his conscience vile.
The story of the end, in the scene that
rings the curtain down, is beautifully slm- '
pie compared with the gory tragedy of
Oberammergau. *
JECHOXlAS the Publican to AMMON, en
tering — Ammon, didst thou see the end?
AMMOX— I could not.
I who knelt beside the cradle, almost at his
"It Is there— my work is there, and
they are taking him to his death— for
what, for what, for what? (Takes out
bag of silver.) For this! for these few
pieces of silver I have made myself and
all mine own accursed forever.
"Oh. lust of wealth, why earnest thou
Into the heart of man to close it " tight
against all thoughts save those of greedy
avarice and worldly sin? Better Lazarus,
poor and cleansed and blest of heaven,
than Judas rich and besmirched and
I ran away; I could not' use mine eyes; mln«
: ears refused to hear.
(The twelve disciples enter, bowed with grief.)
AMMON-?.neak. . . ' t
PETEIl£lt is finished. ' ; '.]•'.
Pilate, hearing this, Incomes seized with ter
ror and, fearing for. his future, appeals to Peter
to know if there is no hope for forgivenness.
PETER to PILATE— Whoso believes shall be
forgiven. .-••¦¦
PILATE— Teach thou me, then, to believe.
Already my punishment Is enough. ". -
With his death Jerusalem's glory has departed.
And through me has been cast disgrace on
Rome.
PETER— But not eternal, Pilate. Forget not.
this day's -work. 1 • -..- . - . -.
Be content and his faith shall spread through
the. world ¦ . .. •
And shine on thee and rule from Rome.
(Places left hand on Pilate's head and raises -
right. Bright blue light illumines picture.)
"'Benedicte rax vcblscum." •. •
(All but Peter kneel and, assisted by choir,
sing "Gloria In Excelsls Deo." r
(Curtain.) . .
In the photograph of this scene Mr.
Greene is seen occupying the throne of
Herod for the time, Herod, also, like
Matthew, having overworked himself
with studies and play acting.
The flashlight vas taken just at the
time that Herod was saying "Kill every
body" and the mob is begging for mercy.
To give the various methods by which
the presence of the Savior is suggested
would be impossible. Sometimes it Is
the cross in the distance, again a light
frim: his halo Illumines the stage. At
another time Pilate beckons him to ap
pear, and the curtain falls just as the
light announcing his coming is culminat
ing' its Intensity.
The strongest scene of all is probably
that where Judas discovers the results
of his betrayal of Christ, j
He comes on the stage solus.
"Aye, Sadoc."
"But why are you and I alone awake.
When all our kin and kine are dreaming?"
They go on to discuss the report of the
miracles at the birth of Christ, all but one
expressing more and more of doubt, when
suddenly the angel appears in a bla^e of.
light and shames them on their lack of
faith, then points to the Star of Bethle
hem, which suddenly blazes forth In the
distance, glowing fiercely with the energy
of the Sierran waterfall that lights it.
The scene goes on, in its quietness one
of the most beautiful of the % whole ten.
In the distance the camp-fires of other
shepherds twinkle electrically. In the sky
bright stars glitter. They > are a special
design of star invented by Mr. O'Sullivan
and they twinkle and glitter with much
more effect than the real ones.
While the shepherds are discussing the
visit of the angel the moon rises, but the
star of Bethlehem remains fixed, so show
ing its true character to the shepherds,
who, in those days, were the. astronomers
of the country by reason of 'their habits
of observation, acquired* during their
night vigils in caring for their flocks.
To them come the wise men of the east,
who, by the way. are in this case real
wise men and from farther; east than
the Bible writers dreamed: fox they are
Filipinos', who are studying medicine
and political economy.
The play goes smoothly for a rehearsal,
and with so little Interruption that .Mr.
Greene times it to set the acting time.- ».
The second scene shows the interior of
Herod's palace, where his spies return,
reporting that the holy family had fled,
and thereupon Herod issues his famous
orocr for the slaughter of all the first
boi H.
"What, thou too Ele<*piess. Shadrach?"
Fiocks and herds are about; and over
sleepers, sheep and all Is the pale blue
starlight. One of the sleepers stirs, and
to him Sadoc says:
A strange mountain-made light this—
made in the power-house of the Sierras
and coming across the State to shine on
the mimic mountains of canvas and light
ing them so truly that they seem no less
real than the Sierras themselves.
"Shepherds, on the stage!" orders Father
Ford, and there is a scrambling of assort
ed boys and young men to their places.
Soon all are sunk In the fiction of slumber
and posed by Mr. Greene as a mother dis
poses of a somnolent baby. Then with
another call from the priestly prompter,
Sadoc, another shepherd, enters, and the
rehearsal begins.
"Now bring up your blue a little. Now
a little white in It. Xot so much. That's
It, Xow bring them both up together."
Gradually the light intensifies until ob
jects on the stage are plain. It is the cold
blue ghost light that comes before the
true dawn— "The phantom of false morn
ing,*^ as Omar has it.
It shines on the hills of Bethlehem and
on the mountains beyond.
The stage is being set for the first scene.
The background is coming down out of the
sky. as it were, and bringing mountains
and sky along with it. Whack! go Mr.
O'SullIvan's hands together with a ring-
Ing slap as a signal to the men away up
in the ship-like mass of rigging ropes in
the fly-gallery. Rocks and houses are
checked just in time to save them from
crashing through the stage floor.
"Xow the wing-drops here! Now the net
there!" Then away rushes O'Sullivan to
the dark end of the auditorium to watch
effects.
"Lights out!" he calls back, and with a
flash of the switchboard the house is In
darkness.
"Turn on your blue." • '
A creepy phosphorescent light Is over
everything.
Mr. Greene keeps his eyes on gestures
and positions and his ears on enunciation.
Father Ford, in cap and gown, prompts
and corrects elocution. Mr. O'Sullivan
watches the scene setting and the light
ing effects to bring out the color schemes,
which have been as carefully planned for
their effect on the spectator as have the
choruses and tableaux.
A full rehearsal is a busy scene. It
beats a three-ring circus if you try to take
in everything at once. Mr. ¦ Clay Greene,
¦with a traveling cap on his head. Is all
over the. stage; so are actors, citizens, sol
diers, priests of the temple and Wise Men
from the East.
home In bed. recuperating from overstudy,
which, however, had put him successfully
to the front both as student and actor.
Father Ford was working days. in the col
lege, morning and evening in the church
and nights in the theater. Any one : who
thinks that those in a monastery lead a
quiet, useless life will be much mistaken.
They run the busiest kind of a thinking
shop.
But "from limitations come freedom,
and Irom obstacles success." The very
troubles which beset the paths- of these
two sets of pctors seem to make their
work the better and in its peculiar way
to impress more strongly than the finished
art of the professional.
Rehearsals begin at 7 in the evening,
p.fter the end of the college day, and last
until 10 or 11. At 6 in the morning all
must be up and at their studies again.
Clay Greene says that his part of the
work In planning stage alterations and In
changing his drama to suit the require
ments of actual production, drilling the
boys in their work and making actors out
of raw material has been delightful play
to him; and Mr. O'Sullivan, recalled from
Europe to paint the scenery, has found
equal pleasure in transferring to* canvas
for his alma mater the scenes which he
witnessed In his travels.
Although every one in the theater is a
member of the college and thoroughly
amateur, the author elone excepted, long
practice has given them a proficiency
which eends things along with the meth
odical swing of the professional. The
scene shifters, fly gallery men and supers
are selected apparently from the football
team for their muscular ability, and
"Judas," too, throws on the
ground as no one ever could who had not
bc-*>n trained by a football coach instruct
ing for a "low tackle."
Acting the Passion Play is to the Santa
Clarans. as to the Oberammergauers, an
avocation which must not be allowed to
Interfere with daily duties. While Cai
phas. Judas and Herod in the village by
the Axnmer are distracted from the dra
matic studies by their various duties as,
Echnltzers. Kellners, or whatever their
humble work may be, so the youthful
Christians at the old mission are equally
diridlng their energies between studying
the!r parts and cramming their heads for
or passing- examinations In their college
work. My first introduction to Jechonias
was in meeting him rushing frantically
about the peaceful quadrangle, [ beneath
the broad leaved palms and shady, fig
trees, a book of the play in one hand and
a geometry in the other; a rehearsal and
sin "ex" both ahead of him and his brain
at a fever heat from wishing to excel In
each. Later on, when JTe Bat for his pho
tograph, he had already taken his exami
nation, and the smile which Illumined his
face when informed that he had passed
materially improved his appearance In the
camera.
"Athlas." afterward aiatthew, was
There Is a etriking combination; a man
¦who unites In himself college professor,
parish priest and efficient manager of a
crowded stage. The college discipline, or
rather the natural good behavior of the
boys. Is not relaxed when they leave their
studies to go upon the stage, and the dig
nity which It gives adds much to their
capacity for representation of the holy
ecenes which are enacted.
For a year it has been In preparation, and
for the last two months th© greater part
of all the energies of priests and students
both have been devoted to It. The stage
manager is Father Ford, a man who is by
his attainments equally fitted to manage
any undertaking of import. In the re
hearsal Bcenes which are shown in the
photograph he may be seen standing upon
the right of the stage, holding the prompt
er's copy In his hands.
For this far-away mission In a small
town to spend three thousand dollars on
epecial elaborations for a performance
¦which is to be given but twice goes to
Bay that It Is an event of importance. •¦¦
There is little that is new anywhere to
be seen, and the place Is sweetly remin
iscent In everything of the simplicity of.
an earlier age. Far earlier in ways than
in years, for California one hundred years
ago was in such a state of primaJity as
'ysii the rest of the world a thousand
years gone by. and in this golden sim
plicity the Santa Clara Mission still re
mains. The old tiles on. the roofs have
upon them the finger prints of the dark
neaphytes who formed them. The furni
ture Is much of it hand made, and Is now
as it was then.
It was in the midst of this Arcadian en
vironment that Clay Greene absorbed
those principles -which are necessary to
enable an author to understand his sub
ject, and it is shown in the setting of the
scenes of his play.
Preparing for the Presentation o*
Nazareth.
The adobe walls of this mission are
thicker than. most, being on the average
five feet. Outside of and around them
etlll grow and bear the olive trees which
the Franciscans planted, and the oil from
them Is not to be bought for money, no
mere Is the wine from, the hillside vine
yard which the Jesuits cultivate now, as
Cid the Franciscans before them. These
things are set upon their own tables, and
thankful may the palate be that tastes
them, for the Jesuits are hospitable and
freely give what they will not selL v
Those who have traveled say that no
where else In America, Mexico (where are
many rare bells) or In the cities of the
Old World Is there anywhere euch a
wweetly moTirnful bell as this gift of the
TH"g of Simla.
Th» Angrelus Is rung upon a chime of
thr«* bells In the old owl belfry above
ilie adobe mission. These bells were cast
In Spain In the eighteenth century and
presented to the Mission of Santa Clara
br the TTtrg of Spain upon the condition
that ttey be rung- each night at half-pest
8 and that there be said at that time "De
Prafundls" for the dead. The custom Is
kept bj> to the present time, and the bells
when rune for calling- to this prayer are
•track with a peculiar muffled hammer
•wtiich gives the saddest sound that ever
ms heard from a bell, and the metal
¦which mx> sweetly rang the Acgelus a
cotipl© of hours before now sends a chill
to thft heart of all who hear it.
the epectatcr and lives Intbe memory
whrre smoother art would fade. :
Bells play a prominent part about the
mission, college and theater. There is first
greeting to the ears from a sweet chiming
clock -which loudly strikes the quarters on
two bells and the hours on a third. Then
there Is another bell which., being: struck
¦with a certain number of strokes, calls to
Its presence any one of the fathers, each
of whom has a number assigned to him,
which la rung out as upon a fire bell.
These bells among them keep the air vi
brant during the day.
7THE SXJNDAT;: CALL. (
5
AT SANTA CLARA COLLEGEONE instance of bloodshed only can
be recorded, and in that no blame
•;' seems to attach to the company.
About 1876 the settlers, 000 in num
ber, petitioned Congress to restore a por
tion of the; land grant to the public, no
railroad hiving been constructed on the
route between Hollister, in San Benitd
County, and Goshen in Tulare County, a
distance of 140 miles. They represented
that for a distance of fifty miles the
route lay over a level, sandy waste of
little value, until by irrigating canals,
constructed at their own expense, it had
been reclaimed and made fruitful; .that
subsequent to these : improvements the
railroad company surveyed its line, and
asked for patents to the odd sections,
some of which were already occupied.
Congressional committees reported some
fcr and some against a forfeiture, of ,the
lands, and the matter remained undeter
mined until 1878, eleven years after the
land was granted. In April of that year
a. mrss meeting , was called at Hanford,
in this region, where a settler's league
was organized. The league expressed
itself as willing to pay the price fixed by
tho Government for railroad lands,
namely $2 50 per acre; but declared the
railroad company had 1 no right to their
homes and improvements, nor any right
to require payment for the same from
those who had made the Improvements.
On a demand from the league to have
their land-grader removed, the • railroad '
company brought suits of ejectment
against the settlers on Its patented lands,
and obtained judgment -in the United
States Circuit Court in December. Pre
vious to this decision, however, eighty or
a hundred men, with masks to conceal
their identity, repaired to the house of.
Ira; Hodge, a purchaser of railroad land,
five miles from Hanford, and ordering out
the family, burned down the dwelling.
Another purchaser, Perry C. Phillips, was
treated in the same manner, and a settler
placed in possession. * . Soon after these
acts a military company was formed. In
July, 1S79, a party of men. mounted and
disguised, made a midnight visit to a
house where it: was suspected that certain
obnoxious persons were lodged. :.¦ Their
visit was. taken as a menace. In May, 1880,
no compromise having been effected,
United States Marshal Poole, In'under
taking to place purchasers of 'railroad
lands In possession, was resisted by an
ar J ne , d ce> and a battle resulted In
which eight persons were killed, namely:
James Harris, Iver Knutson, J. W Hen
derson, Archibald . McGregory, Daniel
Kelly and E. Haymaker, settlers, and
Walter J Crow and M. D. Hartt, pur
chafeers of railroad lands. - '
It was shown at the inquest that at the
time of the collision' Marshal Poole in
company with the land grader Clark, and
¦ Crow and Hartt, purchasers of railroad,
lands, had set out in the street the house
hold goods of W. B. and was
procecalng to evict other families The
Coroner's jury resolved that "the respon
sibility of the shedding of innocent blood
rests upon the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, ' and the feeling throughout the
State was strongly adverse to the com
pany s course. It was shown, however
upon the trial of those persons engaged
in resisting the Marshal that the settlers
had set themselves up as the rightful
owners, regardless of the patents held by
the railroad company, and had organized
a military force, which patrolled the
streets on horseback with masks - over
their faces; that they warned away 6ne
purchaser of 1 ailroad land, turning the
. occupant out of doors; that it was not
known who was the attacking \ party on
the fateful 10th of May, but that the set^
.tiers deliberately murdered Crow after the
first fury of the fight was over. But such
was the sentiment regarding the right of
the Southern Pacific Company to hold the
land grant that the only crime charged
against the men who participated in the
tragedy of Brewer's rancho was that of
resisting the United States Marshal For
this J. J. Doyle, James N. Petterson ¦« J
, D.. Purcell, W. L. Pryor and William
Braden were- sent to prison In San Jose
January 24, 1881, where they remained sev
¦ eral mon$hs. during which time they were
the' recipients of much kindness and at
tention from the citizens of that-place
On returning to their - homes -they -were
met* by 3000 people assembled at Hanford
Park to tender -their sympathy and. ap
proval. Upon the platform erected for the
orators of the cay sat the released prison
ers and their lamilies, with. the families
of these killed in the defense of their
homes. Letters were read from Cohgress
. men Berry and Ferral and < Senator Tlnnin
of . the California delegation In Washing
ton, speeches weru ' made and resolutions
HISTORY OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC AND
MUSSEL SLOUGH TROUBLE AC
CORDING TO BANCROFT.
HERE they are!" A half-dozen
voices uttered the cry at once.
There could be no mistake this
time. A buggy drawn by two
horses came into view around the curve
of the road. Three riders accompanied it.
and behind it, seen at intervals in a cloud
of dust, were two, three, five, six others.
This, then, was S. Behrman, with the
United States Marshal and his posse. The
event that had been so long In prepara
tion, the event which it had been said
would never come to pass, the last trial of
strength, the last fip.it between the Trust
and the People, the direct, brutal prapple
of armed men. the law defied, the Govern
ment ignored— behold ! here It was, close
at hand.
Osterman cocked his revolver and in the
profound silence that had fallen upon the
scene the click was plainly audible from
end to end of the line.
"Remember our agreement, gentlemen. "
cried Magnus in a waiting voice. "Mr.
Osterman. 1 must ask you to let <*own the
hammer of your weapon."
No one answered. In absolute quiet,
standing motionless In their places, the
Leaguers watched the approach of the
Marshal.. .: ¦ . : . V ¦•
: Five minutes passed. The riders came
on steadily. They drew, nearer. * The
grind of the buggy wheel» Jn the £rit :l "d
dust of the road, and the prolonged clat
ter of the horses' : feet, began to innko
themselves heard. The Leaguers could
distinguish the faces of their enem'es.
In the buggy were S. Behrman and Cy
rus Ruggles. the latter driving. A tail
man in a frock coat and slouched hat—
the Marshal beyond question— rode at the
left of the buggy. Delaney. carrying a
Winchester, at the right. Christian, the
real-estate broker. S. Behrman'6 cousin,
also with a rifle, could be made out Just
behind the Marshal. Back of these, rid
ing well up. was a sroup of horsemen, in
distinguishable in the dust raised by the
buggy's wheels.
Steadily the distance between the
leaguers and the posse diminished.
"Don't let them srel too close. Gover
nor." whispered Harran. :
When S. Behrman's. buggy was about
one hundred yards dlFtant from the Irri
gating ditch Magnus sprang out upon the
road. leaving his revolvers behind him.
He beckoned Garnett and Gethings to fol
low, and the three ranchers, who, with
the exception of Broderson. were the old
est men present, advanced, without arms,
to meet the Marshal. ;.
Magnus cried aloud:
"Halt where you are." .•
From their place «n the ditch, Annix
ter. Osterman. Dabney. Harran, Hooven.
Broderson. Cutter and Phelps, their
hands laid upon their revolvers, watched
silently, alert, keen, ready for anything.
At the Governor's words, they paw
Ruggles pull sharply on the reins. The
buggy came to a standstill, the riders do
ing likewise. Magnus approached the
Marshal, etill followed by Garnatt'and
Gethlngs. and began to speak. HI3 voice
was audible to the men In the ditch, but
his words could not be made out. They
heard the Marshal reply quietly enough
and the two ehook hands. Delaney came
around from the side 'of the buggy, his
horse standing before the team across the
road. He leaned from the saddle, listen
ing to what was being paid, but made no
remark. From time to time, S. Behrman
and Ruggles, from their seats In the bug
gy. Interposed a sentence or two into the
conversation, but at first, so far as the
Leaguers could discern, neither Magnus
nor the Marshal paid them anv atten
tion. They saw, however, that the latter
repeatedly shook his head and once they
heard him exclaim in a loud voice:
"1 only know my duty, Mr. Derrick."
Then Gethlngs turned about, and seeing
Copyright, 1901. by Doubleday,
Page & Co.
From "The Octopus" by
Frank Nonis.
¦ Hooven aofl Harran,- who 'had instinct
ively followed' Arinixrer. hesitated at Os
terman's words and : the three halted Ir
resolutely >on the road, before the ditch,
their weapons in their hands. , . . :
¦ ''Governor," shoutod Hiirran, "come on
back. You can't do anything."
¦Still the wrangle continued, and' one of
the deputies, advancing a little from out
the group, cried out: V" .•:¦.. / -
"Keep back, there! Keep back, there,
¦.you!" ' . ¦- ¦¦; •/ ., . •. ¦ » ; ••- :
. "Go to hell, will you!" shouted Harrrar) ;
on the instant. "You're on my land." ¦ : W
: "Oh, come back here, Harran," called
Osterman. "That ain't going to do any
good." "- .-. , ¦ • : i.---'" ¦;/. ¦'':'
"There— listen!" suddenly exclaimed
Harran. "The Governor is calling to us. ;
Come on; I'm goin~.' V. :.:':-:
.'-.: dsterman got out of the ditcri'and came
forward,: catching Harran by the arm
'and pulling him hack, j / |
"He : didn't S call.. Don't get excited.
You'll ruin everything.' Get buck into the
ditch again." , '
V But Cultor. Phe'ns ' and . the old msin
Dabn^y, misunderstanding what was hap
pening, and seeing . Osterman leave the
ditch, h!>a foUawed his example. All the
Leaguers were now out of the rlitch, and
a* little/ way down the road, Hooven, , Os
terman. Alexander arid Harran in front;
: Dabney, Phelps ahd Cutter were- coming
.; up from behind. '¦:¦ :¦ ': .¦ . ; :.
"Keep back, you!" cried the '. deputy
again".' -'• .-. . *• - ' ". : ' : ?!
¦¦":'• In ¦;¦:, the i group ¦ around . S. Behrman'B
buggy vGethings and Delaney were yet
quarreling, and the ar.gry debate* between
Magnus,: Garnett and the Marshal still
continued;^ . " '¦': ¦'-. , ¦'¦¦ ' ' " : c » ' ,¦
¦Till this-moment the real-estate broker.
Christian, had taken no part in the argu
ment, but had kept himself in the rear of
the buggj-. N5w, however, ,he pushed:
himself forward. There v/as but little
room for him to pass and as he rodo; by ;
the buggy.- his horse scraped his flank
against 1 . the hub of. the" wheel. The anjnui!
recoiled" sharply and, -striking, agalnsf
Garnett; threw, him to the srround. De
laney's horse stood between the buggv
and the Leaguers gathered, on the road In
front of the 'ditch. Thejncjdent, indis
tinctly seen by them, was misinterpreted.
Garnett had not risen when Hooven
ralfed a great shout: • ¦•.. ;
"Hoch.der Kaiser!. Hoch, derVater
land!" •,
With the words, he dropped ; to *one
knee; and sighting his rifle carefully, fired
Into the group of-rnen around the buggy.
Instantly thejrevolvers and rifles seem
ed to go off I of themselves, j BothVsltles, j
deputies and Leaguers, cpened fire simul
taneously. * At. first it was; nothing but a
confused roar of explosions; then the roar
lapsed to an irregular, quick succession of
reports.'' shot: leaping after shot: then a
moment's si'ence. and, last, of all. regular
as clock-ticks,, three- shots at exact in
tervals.". Then stillness. ,
Delaney. shot. through, tbe stomach, sljd
down from his -horse, and on his hands
and 1 knees crawled from the road into the
standing wheat. .Christian fell backward
from ¦ the ' saddle tqward \ the buggy and ,
bung suspended in that position, his head
ana shoulders on the 'wheel, one stiff ; leg
"still across x h|s/sadd]e. : Hooven, i In .at
tempting • to.-.Vlse-from :hls ; r kneelihg posi
tion, received a rifle ball squarely In -the
throat and "rolled 1 forward- upon his face.
Oldi.Broderson, ' crylrtgjout, : "Oh, r they've
shot me, boys,'!, staggered sideways, his
head bent, -his hinds,. rigid : at his sides;
and' fell tnto'ithevdltch.'.. Oster man,',, blood
running * from ; his mouth and ; nose, . turned
about and walked. : back." ' Presley, helped
; him across the irrigating* ditch j arid O3
termanlaid himself down; ' his head. on his
folded^ arms.if-rHarran "dropped
'where he stood,- turning over on his face;
and' lay,: motionless, groaning terribly./ a'
pool of blood forming under .his stomach.
The. old ; man Dabney, sDent as ever, 5 re
ce!y«?d ' his death > speechless. He f fell to
hre knees, - got^up; again; fell once j more,
and died without a l -word. Annixter. In
stantly :., killed,." fell-. his> length" to the
ground and : lay \ without , movement. Just
p-s he had fallen, one 'arm across his face.
Besides this,' Delaney had now placed his
horse between Magnus and the ditch, and
two others riding. up-;. from the rear had
followed ; his ' example* ) The posse : sur
rounded the three ranchers, and by now,
everybody was talking at once. ?: ¦¦ . :
"Ixx>k here," Harran called to Annixter.
"this won't do.- I don't like the looks of
this thing. They all seem to be edging up
and before we know it they may take the
Governor and the other men prisoners.'.' ;
"They ought to come back,": declared
Annixter. :¦¦¦:'¦ "¦. : :
"Somebody ought to tell them that
those fellows are creeping up." ; " '
By now the angry argument; between
the Governor and Ruggles had become
more heated than ever. Their voices were
raised; now nad then they made furious
gestures.- ' . - ' ' '•*¦<»
"They ought to come back," cried Oster
man. "We couldn't shoot now if any
thing should happen, for 'fear of hitting
them." '- •• ! ; '¦;; - " . .
. "Well, it sounds us though something
were golner to happan pretty soon." ' .
They could, hear (Jcthings and Delaney
wrangling furiously; .-; another deputy
joined in. :¦:¦¦ -' ¦=- • . ' -. •;-..' '
'•"I'm going to call the Governor back,"
exclaimed 1 Anjiixter, suddenly clambering
out of the ditch. .- :; ; ; ¦" . . ;
"No, no," cried Osterman, Vkeep In the
ditch. They can't drive us out if we keep
:here." ,\; .. ¦ i : ;; - : ¦;; ¦; : ;-. . : ; ; -/::;-.--. ; : :.•:..- o ¦;¦;.
BATTLE BETWEEN THE LEAGUERS AND THE RAILROAD, AS
DESCRIBED BY FRANK NORRIS.
Delaney close at hand addressed an un
heard remark to him. The cow-puncher
replied curtly and the words seemed to
anger Gethlngs. He made a gesture,
pointing back to the ditch, showing the
intrenched Leaguers to the posse. Doiane y
appeared to communicate the news that
the Leaguers were on hand and prepared
to resist to the other members of the
party. They all looked toward the ditch
and plainly saw the ranchers there, standr
ing to their arms. . : ' ;
But meanwhile Ruggles had addressed
himself more directly to Magnus, and be
tween the two an angry discussion was
going forward. Once even Harran heard
hiF father exclaim: •¦ -
"The statement is a lie and no one
knows it better than yourself." ;
"Here," growled Annixter to Dabney.
who stood next him in the ditch, "those
iellcws are getting too close. Igook at
them .edging up. Don't Magnus 1 see
that?" . •; : / ; v
The other members of the Marshal's
force had come forward from their place
behind the buggy and were spread out
across the read. Some of them were
gathered about Magnus, Garnett and
Gethings;: and some were talking to
gether, looking and pointing toward tne
ditch. Whether acting upon signal or not,
the Leaguers In the ditch could not tell,
but It was certain that one or, two of the
posse had moved considerably forward.
. "And.fV cont'nued the president of the V
end S. with grave : intensity, T looking 'at
Presley keenly..', "I suppts? you bolieve .1 am
a-graid old rascal?'" '
1 "I believe," • answered Presley, "i am 'per
suaded ". He hesitated, searching for- his'
words.'; < •-.,¦. • . . ; .
\ "Believe this, young man," exclaimed Shel
grim, laylng^a thick,' powerful forefinger on
the. table to emphasize his words "try to bt
lieve thin— to begin with— THAT RAILRO\DS
BUILD THEMSELVES. Where there la a de-
One figure easily recognized Is that of
•Shelgrim, as the counternart of tho late
head of the Southern. Pacific. The words
ttyit the author puts in the mouth of the
great railroad magnate during a conver
sation with, Presley may prove of interest:
To one familiar with the people/history
and scenes of; California, the book pos
sesses "a double interest, as nearjy every
location described h,as }ts duplicate some
where In the State and nearly every char
acter has, 'or has had, its counterpart In
real.Ufo. . ¦
Mr.:. Norris. spent a comparatively short
time In the San Joaquln Valley studying
the cnuntrr.ard the people, yet he . has
caupht Iheiife on the great wheat ranches
to perfection. His description of the
dance, in Annixter's new barn and then
of the rabbit drive are the best that I
have read, and I can vouch for them per
sonally, for many a drive and many a
dance have T attended in just that locality
where Mr. Norris places his story I never
enjoyed the felicity, as Annixter did. of
taking a shot .at bronco-busting Delaney.
who had made up his mind to "clean out''
the (iance to which he was not invited
but this incident might well have occur
red, for Tujnre County has seen in fact
as startling events by the hundred as Mr
Norris nortrays in fiction. .-
• ¦ • • «
Upon: th« surface of the 'Wheat, under the
chute, nothing moved but the Wheat itself.
There was no, sign of ire. Then, for an in
stant, the surface Ft'rred...:A hand. fat. with
Fh?rt fingers and * swollen veins, reached up.
clutch'nsr. then fell limp and pron». In an
other Instant it was covered. In the hold of
the SWanhllda- there was no movement of the
widening ripples that spread flow'n? from the
ever-breaking, evrV-rerormingr cone: no sound
but : the rushing of the Wheat that continued
to plunge Incessantly from the iron chute in
b prolonged roar, persistent, steady, inevi
table.;. ¦;¦ '-: ¦ . . ; -.
Reason n>d. Deafened ¦ with the roar of
the grain,: bTnded and made dumb with: Its
chaff, h? threw himself forward with clutch
ing fingers.; rolling upon his back.' and lay
there, moving feeblv. the head rolling from
s'de to sld». The Wheat, leaping continuously
frrm the chute, poured around him. .It filled
the pockets of the coat, it crept up the sleeves
and trousers let-s. It covered the great, pro
tubenrt stomach, it ran at last In rivulets Into
the distended, gasping mouth. It covered the
face.';' ¦"':'¦:¦;.'¦¦ ' ,:¦ •'•¦.: ¦::'-•
Rehrman plays his role of winning every
fight apainst men. but succumbs at last
to;the inevitable and dies like a dog in
the midst of that wheat for which he had:
blasted so many souls. After finally ob
taining possession of the Magnus Derrick
place he goes to the ship to see his wheat
loaded, , and while watching the grain pour
from the chv.te into the hold loses his
balance and falls. At first he is pleased!
with the fancy of watching the golden
stream flood in and seeing the high cone
break and seethe around his knees,- but
soon he realizes that there is qo way of
escape and his delight is turned^to terror
as thelnexorable mass rises and rises and
the. dust clo?s his mouth and eyes. 'At
last he dies in the midst of that for which
he had struggled so long and finally at
tained:/: ; : : ¦¦ '¦':¦' :••-':; ¦ -'..;¦ ¦ • .-¦
The other characters all' have stories of
their own. all lead their lives of right or
wrong and a!! contribute their share to
the homogeneous' whole. There is ' S.
Behrman for the railroad, with his hench
men, Delaney, the kicked-out bronco
.buster, from the Annixter ranch, and
Christian and Rugjrfes. .-""¦.¦¦•
ness beyond words. Beneath the sweet modu
lation of her chin, the reflected light of the
burnished copper vessel she was carrying set
a vihration of pale Kold. - Overlaying the flush
of rose in her checks, seen only when fhe
stood -against the sunlight, was a faint sheen
of down, -a lustrous fiots, delicate as the
pollen, of a-flower,' or the Impalpable pow'der
of a moth's v/ing. She was moving; to and
fro about her work, alert, joyous, robust; and
from all the fine, full amplitude .of her figure,
from her thick white neck, sloping down
ward to -her shoulders, frrn the deep, femi
nine swell of her breasti the vigorous matur
ity of )\\er hips, there was disengaged a
vibrant not« of gaiety, of exuberant animal
life. sane, honest, stronsr. She wore.~ a sklrV
of plain blue calico and a shirtwaist of pink
Unen. clean, trim: while her sleeves turned
*>ack to. her shoulders, showed her large, white
arms, wet with milk, redolent and fragrant
'—ith m'lk. glowing and resplendent ' in the
r-rly morning light. ¦-
Again, there is the- sad story of Hilma
Tree, the dairy girl, who wins and holds
the. love of Annixter only to lose him In
the last stand of the Leaguers against the
Railroad.' And" a splendidly drawn char
acter she is*. Here is a descriptlon'of her,
winch shows so well Mr. Norris' excep
tional power as a '.word painter:
Hilma Tree was'lfislde, s'nK : ng at her work.
Her voice of a velvety, hufkincss. more of the
chest than of the, throat, mingriins with the
liquid dashing, of the milk in the vats' and
churns, and th'e clear, sonorous clinking o£
the cans and pans. Annixter turned into the
dairy-house, "pausing on the threshold, looking
about him. '- Hilma stood hcthed from head to
foot In the torrent of sunlight that poured in
upon hier from the_ three 'wide-open windows.
She was. charming, delicious, radiant of youth,'
of health, of well-be:n»r. Into her eyes, wide 1
open, brown, rimmed with their fine, thin line
of intense-black lashes, the sun set a diamond
flash; the same grolden llRht flowed all around
her,' thick, moist hair, lambent, beautiful, a
sheen of almost metallic luster, and reflected
itself -upon her wet lips, moving with the
words of her ' sinping. The whiteness of her
skin : under, the caress of this hale, vigorous
morning light was dazzling, pure, of a fine-
Perhaps the"; busiest person oh ' earth,
even . here In' America. , is the society wo
man, .the ¦woman .who canido-what nhe
will with neoDle because of ' intellectual
The intelligent <tourist will find this vol
ume a capital guide to Milan, .Verona, Pa
dua, Bologna and Ravenna. ...
He has Just completed "The . Cities of
Northern Italy," which; wIU .be Issued Im
mediately by the A.\ Wpssela - Comimny
New York, and Mr. Grant Richards, Lon
don. V - ; : ¦ • ¦. <: "
After completing, the first four volumes
In the series of Historlcal'Gnldea, "Paris,"
"Venice," "Florence" and "The Cities of
Belgium, 1 ' Mr. Grant Allen's labors were
cut short by his death. He had. howe\6r,
sufficiently mapped out the plan- of the
series for sympathetic hands' to carry on
his work. Mr. G. C. Williamson has been
asked to continue the series ami had
talked ovei?^ the series with Mr. Allen''
many times: thus he knows well what
were his Ideas and with many of them Is
In fullest accord. - . - '. . ' - ,. i . >
Literary .Notes.
The lifelike butterflies and insects which
aoppnr in the. new edition in colors of
Professor J. H. Comstock's "Insect Life"
are reproduced directly from specimens
selected by Professor Comstock from the
remarkable collection which has been
formed at Cornell University.
A work on Marie Antoinette on the later
days of the French monarchy is In prep
aration by Miss Sophia H. MacLehose
and will be published very shortly, by The
Macmillan Company. Miss MacLehcse is
alrcac*;- known by her selection of tales
from Spenser. Her present work will.be
very beautifully Illustrated from rare pic
tures and prints. An interesting Innova
tion In Illustration will be' the Insertion of
a portrait as a sort of initial letter at the
beginning of each chapter. . It, will be a
chatty book., . : \ ¦
Maxwell Gray, in private life Miss M. G.
Tuttlett, the author of "The Silence of
Dean Mattland." and most recently of 'a
strong story? which appears for the first
time as a novel In Lippincott's, Magazine
for June, writes from Richmond, Surrey,
England, that the novel- In question,
"Four-leaved Clo\er,". was written In
Richmond durinp the winter of 1900, one
of. the most agitating periods of the Boer
war. She says: "The story w«s thought
.out long bfefore the war began, under the
trees of Richmond Park, which does not
in the least resemble the spot In the Isle
of Wight, in which the action takes place.
Tho most poignant of the experiences of
.Marcia, however, fell to the. lot of many
and many an Englishwoman during that
tragic winter, and, in this respect, at
least, the story is a reflection' not only of
real life but of what has had recent vital
illustration." ' - >'-'V-'.*i
Dyke the blacklisted engineer, is a
composite * of Chris Evans, the Dalton
panp. and tin honest man. His last flipht
on the buckskin bronco, his flpht on the
flyinp engine and later his final stand in
the chaparral Is told with all the' Vigor of
the author's virile pen. ' -
In a brief introduction Mr. Norris out
lines the scope of the trilogy. He says:
The Trilrev of the Epic of Wheat will ln
clmV the- 'following nqvels: ¦
¦ "The Octopus, a. Story of California.
•The Pit. a Story of Chi^KO."
"The Wolf, a Ftory of Kurope." '
Thece novel*, while forming a series, will be
In no way connected with each other save only
in th«»!r relation to (1) the production. (2) the
distribution. (3) th» consumption of American
wheat. ;' When complete they will form the
Ftory of a crop of wheat from the time of its
RoWine as seed in California to the time of
its crnsumptlcn as bread in a village of West
ern K-^rrre. ' ' ' •"•"£¦
The first novel. "The Octomis." deals with
the wi>r between the whefltgrover and the rail
road trust; the second. "The Pit." will be the
fictitious narrative of a "deal", in the Chlcasro
whoat pit. while the third, "The W'olf." will
probably have for Its ulvotal episode the re
lieving of a famine in an Old World com
munity. . . -'-¦
We hav*> yet to see "The Pit" and "The
Wolf." If they equal th*s first book the
trllopy will brlnp: Mr. Norris very near
the mark of "the writer of the Ameri
can novel." (Puhlished by Doubleday,
Page & Co., New York. Price $150.)
mand sooner or later there will b« a
Mr. Derrick, does he prow his wheat? - The
Wheat grows itself. What docs he count for.
Doea he supply the farr«? "Wn at do l cou " t
for? Do I build the Railroad? Tou are deal
ing with forces, young man. when you speak or
Wheat and the Railroads, not with men. There
is th« Wheat, the supnly. It must be carried
to feed the People. There Ik the demand. The
Wheat Is one force, the Katlroad another, and
there Is th- law thnt governs, them-supply and
demand.' Men have oMy little to do in the
whole business. Omnrcations may arise, con
ditions that bear hard on the toa^I^al-crush
him; mavbe-BlTTTHK WHEAT WILL BE
CARRIED TO FEED THE PEOPLE as In
evitably as it will prow. If you want to fasten
the blame of the afTaTr at Los Muertos on any
one person you will make a mistake. Dam*
eord'tlors, not ir.en.".~
"But-but." faltere-d PreMey. "you are the
head, you control the road." .
"You are a vpry younsr man. Control the
r6ad'. Can I stop it? I can go Into ba»*ruptcv
if you like.: Kut ctherw'se If I run my road
as a harness proposition I can do nothlnR. I
can NOT control it. It is a force born out of
certain conditions and I -no man-can stop it or
cont-ol it. Can your Mr. Derrick stop the
Wheat Browing? He can burn his «"»•"»•.
can plv* it away, or sell it for a cent a bushel
iifnrt as icould go into bankruptcy-but other
wise h<« wheat must grow. Can any one stop
the Wh-»t? Well, then no more, can I stop
the Read." *
Preslev is an Int*»rp?tine character. He
has no farm and sides with the Leaguers
merely through friendship and a perfect
appreciation of tbeir struggle. He re
mains in the Pan Joaouln Valley first, lh,
the hope of getting the Inspiration for a
pcem. and later because he cannot leave:
until he sees what the end will be. It is
easy to find in the description of this
poem. "The Toilers." tho counterpart of
"The Man With the Hoe."
A DREAM OF EMPIRE— By William
Henry Venable. Dodd, Mead & Co.. New-
York. Jl 50.
WHEN THE GATES LIFT UP THEIR
HEADS— By Payne Ersklne. Little.
Brown & Co., Boston. It 50.
; CLAYTON HALOWELL- By Francis
W Van Praag. R- F. Fenno & Co., New
York. HSOL
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE AND KIN
DRED SUPERSTITIONS— By Charles F.
Wlnblgler. ?li
.THE HEROJNE OF SANTIAGO— By
Antoinette Sheppard. The Abbey Press.
New York. $1.
HEALTH AMP HYGIENE FOR THE
HOUSEHOLD— By John Joseph Nutt. M.
D. The Abbey Press, New York. Cloth
50 cents, paper 25 cents!
A DAUGHTER OF THE PROPHETS—
By. Curtis Van Dyke. The Abbey Press,
New York, ih . \
. THE WILDERNESS ROAD— By Joseph
A. Altsheler. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. $1 50.
THE POTTER AND THE CLAY— By
Maud Howard Peterson. Lothrop Publish
ing Company, Boston. $1 50.
THE DREAM OF MY' YOUTH— By E.
P. Tenney. Lothrop Publishing Company,
Boston. , Jl. '.. " * : .
MAG AND MARGARET— By Mra. G.
R. Alden ("Pansy"). Lothrop Publishes
Company, Boston. $1 50.
THE WOMAN'S BOOK OF SPORTS—
By J. Parmly Paret. D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. $1.
VEST-POCKET "KAISER" mCTTOX
ARY. GERMAN-ENGLISH and ENG
LISH-GERMAN-Publlshed by Laird &
Lee. Chicago. Leather 50 cents, cloth 23
cents.
In the May Bookman there commences
a fine serial story entitled "Warwick of
the Knobs/' by John Uri Lloyd, author of
"Strlngtown on tne Pike." To thus»e who
have reac 1 Mr. Lloyd's earlier book we
may say that the story deals with practi
cally the same scenes and the same pe
riod. "Warwick of the Knobs" is a study
of a life such as men like Warwick met
both with Warwick's faith and stoicism.
These men were iron In the manner In
which they clung to tradition, to home, to
family pride and. above all, to their re
ligion and their God, whom they believed
to be relentless but just. "This descrip
tion of Boone (Strlngtown) County," says
Mr. Lloyd, "Is such as history might re
cord, but does not." The scenery, the
people, the methods of worship, the preju
dice, the sacrifice, the love, the nobleness
of character, might all have been drawn
from actual. llf? -¦ '
There was ho Warwick. At least there
was no one; of that name who presented
the characteristics of the man whose
name has given the title to this story.
But with that, we might say. pure fiction
ends. Beyond it everything lies somewhere
or other in that borderland where the
memory and the imagination meet and
blend. These bills of Boone County felt
often the. tread of Morgan's cavalry. From
this historic section of our country, this
borderland which both in topography and
in events may be likened to the Scottish
Highlands, hundreds of recruits turned to
swell the forces of the great Southern
cavalryman who passed through this
county after Ms escape from Columbus
and for a time was secreted in a house
on one of the knobs of Gunpowder. The
ruins of the old church on the Island, the
first church reared In Northern Kentucky,
built wihle yet Kentucky was a county of
Virginia, a'historic landmark, are still to
be seen.
The story : marks a distinct advance
upon "Strlngtown on the Pike."
Books Received.
THE WISDOM OF ESAU—By C. IT.
Chomlye and R. M. Outhwalte. Cassell &
Co., New York. $1 25.
HIS LETTEKS—By Jullen Cordon. D.
Appleton &. Co.. New York. $1 50.
charm. ard magnetism. It la not so ea3V
a task as many observers think to io this
sort of work with the brilliancy that con
ceals the effort; and many noble qualities
of heart and brain go to the making of
such a success. When a woman of this
type manages . to distinguish herself alsr>
In other circles she Is indeed a rare
genius, for there is no more exacting rr.i.*
tress than society. Mrs. Ite^inald do
Koven has never been content wUh a
single kind of effort, and she rias man
aged to find time between the dinners ar.l
dances of an exceptionally gay sea«on
In Washington to write a nr.w novel
which is to be brought out this 3pri;i{» by
Messrs. Herbert S. Store & v_*o. It i»
no light task. that she undertook In It. fur
"By the Waters of Babylon" is a literal
title and refers to the luxurious life of
the pompous, ancient capital. She was by
no meani content with a curaorv study
for her background, and the result of her
researches is a vivid impression of-i
florid civilization. In the midst of it the
figures of Artaxerxes King of King*.
Themlstocles. the exiled Greek, and the
captive Jews, move swiftly and haughtily
to tell their dramatic story.
ends, and then gradually changes and de
velops as his love is purified until he be
comes a noble man among men and falls
in battle, aman of peace. ;• -.
FalFcr.e. c s dies; injustice and -oppression . lit'
the end of everything fade^and vanish away.
Greed, cruelty, selfishness *n& inhumanity are
Fhort-llved; the Individual suffers, l>ut the race
. goes on. Annixter dies, but^in a far distant '
corner of the world a thousand lives are'saved.
The larger view always and through all shams,;
¦all wickedness, discovers the .-Truth that' will in
.the end ;irevall. and all things surely, in
evitably, reslstlcsily work together for good. ;
¦'• * * ¦'. ¦-'•- : - ¦ : - '-. '¦'•¦ •
To make this" book one and the first of
the trilogy of "The Epic of Wheat," Mr.
Ncrris has- with definite purpose not con
fined himself to one story, but given many
stories. If the. reader follows the numer
ous threads that the opening chapters of
fer he will find that they are but the un-.
raveled ends of the great cable that leads
to the ultimate purpose in the author's
mind. . : ¦¦ ¦.:-;¦¦ ;.y
Each and every, one of the 'numerous
characters offers a story in itself,
and yet all of these plots are so closely
related that one is ¦ dependent upon the
other. There is, first, - Magnus Derrick
(the "Governor") and his sons: Harran,>
the apple of his eye, and Lyman. the city
bred man, who so falsely deceives the
League in its fight against the Railroad.
The life of this family from Its sturdy
beginning down to Its downfall of the fa
vorite son. ruin of the father arid . un-,
worthy rise of Lyman, Is presented in
ever;' detail. • "
Then there is Annixter, the proprietor
of one of the ranches, an odd character,
who fears the .'-'feemale" woir.an^ is hard
end ready to ride • over all for his own
left? , :
Then suddenly Vanamee's wort's came back
to his mind. What was the larger view, what
contributed the greatest good to the greatest
numbers? What was the full round of the
circle whose segment only he beheld? In the
«nd, t!.e ultimate, final end of all, what, was
left? Yes; irorxi Issued from this crisis, un
touched,' unassailable, undented.
Men— motes in the sunshine— perished, were
shot down In the very noon of life; hearts were
broken; little children started In life lament
ably handicapped ; young girls were brought
to a life of shame; old 'women died in the
heart of life for lack of food. In that little
isolated group of human Insects misery, death
and anguish spun like a wheel of fire.
BUT THE WHEAT REMAINED. Untouched,
unassailable, undefined, that mighty world
force; that nour's'.-icr of nations, wrapped in
Nlrvanic .calm. Indifferent to the human
swarm, gigantic, resistless, moved onward in
Its appointed frrnnvPF. Through the welter of
blood at the irris-atlcn ditfh. through the sham
charity and *!>allo\v philanthropy of - famine
relief rc'mr'lftew. the great harvest v of Los
Muertns rnlledtlike a flood from the Sierras; to
the Himalayas to feed thousands of starving
scarecrows on the barren plains of India.
to be strong and to prevail? ' Was nothing
By B. Q- Aathrop.
WHE>T you read Frank Norris*
story "The Octopus" the feeling
Is at first one of doubt.. For two
or three hundred pages you grope
In confusion, trying to mentally assimilate
the many characters and the parts they
are playing, trying to grasp a thread here
and another there. You look at the "map
of the country described" on the first
rage to get your bearings, and then you
turn back and read once more, and won
der as you dive again into an apparent
maze of plots who is to be the hero and
who the heroine, and why there are so
many characters and a great many other
things. All this you do because you have
been narrowed by the literature of the
' day down to the level of the "human in
terest" novel, with its singleness of plot,
its "good" man and Its "good" woman,
and all the rest of them.
If you are one of the confirmed und
hopeless In- the up-to-date romantic school
you take one last look at the map, a fare
well, furtive plancc at the lon^ list of
"Principal Characters in the Novel." which
theatrically occupies a flyleaf, and then
you throw down the book with a sigh. and
wonder what has happaned to your dear
friend Mr. Norris. who wrote "Moran of
the Lady Letty" and "McTcague" and so
many nice short stories.
If you are not one of the "hopeless" you
keep on, and the great purpose of the
work begins gradually to dawn upon your
romance-harrowed Intellect. You realize^
that this Is a Dook of no one plot. It gives
many stories which go to make one story,
and that one story is but a linger post in
the path of reason, to point out something
higher and almost too near the infinite for
the comprehension of the finite mind— the
tremendous Force that rules the world as
one small part of the universe.
Mr. Xorris has undertaken a colossal
work in this first volume of "The Epic of
the Wheat." And he has succeeded. He
may be accused of crudeness. of youth.
He may be criticized in detail as to style
or treatment. His book may never become
one of "the popular novels." But, never
theless, though he has aimed high— higher
than any of the American writers of the
present day — he hps hit very near the
mark, and these who read to the end
and cannot understand and appreciate his
masterful exposition of the forces of na
ture in contradistinction to the "small
bustle of mankind and minute swarming
of the human insect" should— well, they
should devote themselves to the reading
of "Love Letters." or something "neat,
tasty and interesting."
In "The Octopus" Mr. Xorris has taken
California as his stage. He puts over
twenty "Principal Characters" on the
boards. These divide themselves naturally
IS THIS
THE MAN TO WRITE
"THE GREAT AMERICAN NOVEL"?
into two groups— the Leaguers and the
.Railroaders, lighting against each other
the war of extermination. He takes as a
historical anchor the Mussel Slough inci
dent, of 1S7S. and one might imagine upon
first thought that the purpose of the work
was an arraignment of the Southern Pa
cific and a vindication of the "hard-bitten
farmer" of the San Joaquln. The partisan
of either side will be disappointed, how r
ever, in this belief, for he will find that
the author has drawn a composite picture
of many facts, of many dates iind of some
fiction. Mr. Xorris' object is to tell of
wrongs and horrors, not with the idea of
eliciting sympathy for .sufferers of the
past, but to show the everlastingness of
the most mighty of world forces — THE
WHEAT. The truth he constantly brings
forward v.'ith hammer-like persistency.
When the Leaguers have found that their
most trusted representative, the son of
the leader of the League, has failed them
and he has been throv.-n out with "blows
and curses, Mr. Norris here avails'him
self of the dramatic situation to* bring
forth by contrast this great Truth." Pres
ley, the poet, the philosopher, the friend
of the farmer. v.ho has just assisted In
kicking this Judas out into the night—
Presley, still hot-headed from the fray, to
h!m comes this great Truth as his. blood
cools and alone he contemplates nature.
Ard there before him. mile after mile. Illim
itable, covering ~th<" earth from horizon to
hcrlzon. lay the Wheat. The growth, now
many days old. was already high from the
ground. There it lay, a vast, silent ocean,
shimmering a pall!<l ereen under the moon
and "jnder the etars; a m'ghty force, the
strength of nations, the life of the world
There In the nlsrht. under the dome of the
sky. it was growing steadily. To Presley's
mind the scene in the room he had Just lsft
dwindled to paltrv inFismiflcano^ before this
sight. Ah, yes, the Wheat — it was over this
that the Railroad, the ranchers, the. traitor false
¦ to his trust, all the members of an obscure
conspiracy, were wrangling. As if human
agency could effect this colopsal power! What
were these heated, tiny squabbles, this fever
ish, small bustle of mankind, th's minute
swarming of the human insect to the great,
majestic, silent ocean of the Wheat itself?
Indifferent, gigantic, .resistless, it moved In
Its appointed grooves. Men. Ltllputlans. gnats
In the sunshine, buzzed Impudently in their
tiny battles, were born, lived through th«"!r
little day. died and were forgotten; while the
Wheat wrapped inNirvanlc calm, grew stead
ily under the night, alone with the stars and
with God. '¦;•' ¦¦'¦•••¦¦ ¦ !. '
Again, as a fitting close for the chap
ters of battle, crime and bloodshed, this
Truth appears to Presley as he stands on
an outgoing ship loaded with wheat for
India and the vision, of that terrible im
mediate past is before him:
V»hat th»n was left? Was there no hope, no
outlook for the future, no rift In the black
curtain, no glimmer through the night? Was
good tc be thus overthrown? AVas evil thus
ONE OF MRS. CRUGER'S BOOKS OUT
IN A NEW EDITION.
THE sentimental wave that has
spread. over the world with enough
violence to give popularity to " An
, Englishwoman's Love Letters" is
responsible for the new edition by D. Ap
pleton & Co."of "His Letters" by ' Jullen
Gordon.- These were copyrighted In 1892 ;
but as everything in the way of ."letters"
now seems to be the vogue, a "new edi
tion" may not be out of place for public
favor. ; -~f\ . .' ~, ; -.,, ;
"His Letters" cannot be compared with
Jullen Gordon's (Mrs. Van Rensselaer
Cruger) book of last year, "Mrs. Clyde;"
but for those' who dote on j reading the
purrlngs of -love from the heart-to-heart
medium of letters it will answer well
enough. : •-¦:
The writer of these epistles Is supposed
to be a brilliant orator and lawyer of
some forty odd years". There are parts
that no sane man of that discreet age
would be willing to claim authorship of.
although proceedings In, modern courts, of
law and up to' date breach of promise
suitfi have demonstrated they might real
ly have happened,' for "there's f no fool
like an old fool" 'still seems to hold good
even in the present century. ; ' • '
This talented member of the bar finds
Inspiration in a painting and /without
the conventionality of an introduction
to the artist' proceeds to fall in love and
write letters. This explanation takes but
a few pages of the book, the rest of the
volume" being made up of the one hundred
and fifteen letters that the. gentleman
writes 'to the object of his adoration. The
lady is, not personally in evidence except
in such portions of the letters that repeat
parts of what "she has had to say. .
Mrs. Cruger can gain nothing from these
letters in the way of literary fame ex
cept from those who care for sentimental
ity, of the mawkish order. Still in all
fairness to her literary ability— which, as
has been demonstrated In her other books,
is of no mean order— her power of epi
gram shows forth with undimlnished lus
ter. Here are some good bits from "Hi3
Letters :" * J
Unless one can bear punishment repentance
amounts to nothing.
When love comes death has no terrors.
I have lota of enemies; thank God for that.
' Tragedy is quite out of date now — it's bad
form. In fact.
Even; in a delirium a man. may Innocently
say something which Jars upon the fiber of
an ear infinitely more delicate than « ura.
If there were no religion women like you
would make, men Invent one.
Love is but a child— he takes cold from too
much exposure.
Nothing grows more slowly than trustful
ness.
Only one woman in a million can feel love;
only one in ten* million can evoke it.
A man's love never changes; a woman's
may, because she has more vanity.
Isn't it. too' bad the truth 13 so horrible!
One always Is capable of hurting the- very
thing for whlch^one would die.
Perfect? Ho. Had she been perfect sh<%
would have been less lovable, j
Another's wisdom does us no- good.
How much happier we would be If we could
deceive ourselves.'
To a woman that loves there is no tragedy
like that oZ love unsatisfied.
Man by some relenting mood of heaven,
finds a blossom of Eden In his path and often
treads it under foot. . --
Defeat or triumph depends upon the alms
one starts with.
I used to be fool enough to suppose that
love was all fun. Heavens! there is very lit
tle fun In it.
. *.:'. srtik isujNJ3iki£i^c^JLij»^^^i^L-iwi
Mrs. Van Rznsselaer Cruger.
From Bancroft's History
of California, Volume VII,
pager 617.V
6
The Books Reviewed
;; ; ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 FOST STREET,
sax Francisco.
. ; Prices are always in ithe
Reading Notices. Postage Is
; . ;>iL J .-li. ROBERTSON;, ,
The Bilioustine,
A -clever satire which originally 'appeared in
EERT LESiUN T-YL0R8 -"UHL-u-iV t
rR-iWO'^roUMN, v .;.•-.:
on the editorial page of the CHICAGO TRIB-
UNE, attracting wide attention. Every reader
acquainted with the . East Aurora output will
enjoy reading and want to 'possess a copy of
this unique Booklet. ~. ". • ¦ • f -
FRA^McSiNijiS AND THE BOY GWrERV
will be famous the 'world over. Send: at once
If you: wish to own a copy.'.. They will quickly
command a premium. --;.,,-.-. , . ?--TT^.
Every copy tied with a string by hand. '-',
, -Brown paper ;. 24 pp.; .price 26c.
,jv Booksellers and Newsdealers supplied.' *
' •"- '¦ -'¦":¦• y - Address "
W1LIAM-S. LORD, r u JisherrCvanstcn; III. ;cered his Stomach with Champagne;
likewise there is no Evil Thing the
Old Eou3 hath not done and none that
he would not do. j Yet hath he the
Sign of Nobility . scratched in ". the
Hide of his 'Oft. Hind Leg, therefore I
am His!" and she fell upon his neck
pnd was carted away along with a
Large Check. T
. And the Youths of her Country
said one to "Another:
"Bsholdt we" are Lucky Dogs that
we married her Not, for Woe to. the
Monkey of humble means that hitch •
eth Up withi- a Female Monkey of
Noble TastesJ" and they were Very
Glad. ,;Y_/',.\.
And the rest of the story — but lo!
is :: not written in the chronicles of
the Divorce Courts of -the . Forest ¦ of
¦Bander-LogP.V; ."• ¦"". " ¦ . ' ¦ - "" -.. \
Moral; Nobility maketh not a No-'
ble. Thou mayest place a strawberry
label upon a can of - limburger, but
when ' thou openest the can the lim
burger smelleth; just as bad.. • .
Second Moral: The .Democratic
feeling fifeth the patriotic breast, but
.• deep in the heart of the Female Mon
key abideth a . longing for the Buz-
f zard's Feather, and the Monkey's
Coronet.* . . * "¦¦ / - ;
Theme: When. Scads and Nobility
•Join Hands Happiness goeth out m
See a. Man.
A FEMALE Monkey lived in a
Lovely Forest among neighbors
who were Most. Agreeable in
Every Respeot. > .
But it Was So that : this . Female
Monkey was Not Happy. t . ,
"Behold!" said she, "my Soul Long
eth for Nobility! I would fain wear a
Buzzard Feather in my Back Hair
&nd , a Monkey Coronet upon my
Brow."
Now her Father was possessed of..
Many Plunks, also his home in a,
Hollow Tree was the most Capacious
of any in That Section. /
And- it came to pass that an Old
Monk from the Forest of Bander-Loaf .
(which is over against the Old World)
came across the Pond and put in his
application with the Female Mon
key's Old Scads.
. "I loaf your Daughter!" said the
Old Monk.
"Bless you, my Children!'' wept the
Happy Dad, for the Old Monk had the
Sign of .Nobility scratched upon his'
Off Hind Leg. Thus did he Look Good
to the Old Scads as a Son-in-Law.
¦; "Alas!" sighed the Female Mon
key, "he is not like the Handsome
Youths who throng \ the Forests 'of \
. Tine Female Moekey and the; Sif n of Nobility.
Suddenly there was a great Clamor
Cur, weeping, and Hitting the Pike
end around the Corner came a Yellow
The FacetloMS Dog and the Gmir.
<yv? FACETIOUS Dog was trotting
¦rjLA down the Highway, taking tho
* * Air.
at p. Maud S clip. . ; :
And there was a Can of Bocks fast
ened to His Tail.
"Ho, ho!" howled the Facetious
Dog, "Thou art the Most Fun I've met
in Many Moons!" and he sat down
and Wagged his Tail and Laughed
Until the Tears ran down his Cheeks.
"Thou mayst laugh!" whined the
Fleeing Dog, "but wait till Misfor
tune taketh a Drag at You!"— and he
straightened out another Kink in his
Bunning Gear. .
:: i "Misfortune!" sneered the! Face
tious Dog. "When Misfortune Get
teth a Crack at Me, let me Know!"
And it Came to Pass that the Next
Day the Yellow Cur met the Facetious
Dog all Doubled Up like an Interroga
tion Point, r.nd wearing an expression
of Agony upon his Features.
"Ho f Friend," exclaimed the Yel
low Cur, "What hast thou Been Up
Against?"
1 "Alas!" gasped the Facetious Dog,
•'Last night I was Hungry and I
swallowed a yellow Bicycle Tire
thinking it was Bologna!" and he
rolled over and died.
Moral: Don't sneer at Misfortuna;
fate may be fixing up a little surprise
for you a little farther on.
The Scissors Punch: If thou canst
not pity Affliction, keep thy Mouth
Second Chunk: The Humor of the
tiling dependeth solely upon whoss
tail the Tin Can is Tied to.
ONCE upon a time there lived in
the Land, of Hardscrabble a
Man Who was a Great Sport.
Now this Man's particular bug was
the one which inciteth men' to go
JBucking the Lottery.
For twenty Years the Man had
been blowing in Long. Green in" the
effort to Pull Down a Prize, but it
was always the Fellow in the -Next
State who copped the Big Hunk and
was going to Buy a Farm and Bs
Good, c ; v
At last the Man won Five Dollaia
and Went Crazy.
"Who saith I have no Luck P" ha
said. So he went forth, among the
Boys and said:
"Arise ! Get thy Skates On ? and
Line Up! for of a Truth I have mad*
a Killing and am yearning to Cele
brate!" ;: ,
So h? Placed 'Em divers and Many
Times; likewise he Blew Himself for
a French \ Dinner and sundry Small
. Bottles— yea, verily, ' when morning '
was come, the Five Dollars had gone,
takin^with them Twenty Other dol
lars f oVCompany . v > ~ \ L
• Yet was the Man Very Happy. Ho
had won\ Five Dollars, and the fact
?hat hVhad spent' Twenty-Five ; in
j Celebrating Cut No Ice— for of such
are the 'Lords of Creation. , *,
'¦¦'.- Moral: Enter not the lists if thou
knowjnot how to" stand a Victory. I? ¦
Encore: There are? Many Ways* of
acquiring "Wealth, but Only One Way
to ' Save DoughT'^ '.'. ; £
Tfae Mao With Fa ve Dollars.
Third Wad: Be careful that thou
lose not a Dollar trying* to figure out
a 3-cent Profit. -
And H?.st Thou Noticed: That a
Uan's Sorrow at losing a Dollar la
equaled only by his Joy at finding'
Five Cents.
(Copyright, 1901, by A. J. Moore.)
MR. A. ESOP'S FABLES UP TO DATE.
MERICAXS are the greatest coffee
// \\ drinkers on the face of the globe,
Jf~~^ and every year the consumption of
the beverage is increasing. One
half of the world's production of the ber
ry is brought *o the United States. More
than $1,000,000 a week is sent out of the
country for this article alone, and the
worst of it is that all this money goes to
foreign nations, while American citizens
and the people of recently acquired colo
nies can supply every need. Porto Rico,
Hawaii and the Philippine Islands produce
a superior quality of coffee, commanding
high prices In the markets of the world.
Porto Rican coffee .has long been looked
¦upon as high prade and for many years
has commanded high prices in the mar
kets of Europe, and the development of
coffee culture in Hawaii during the past
few years has also been very satisfactory
in the quality of coffee produced and the
prices realized. In the Philippines also
the product is of high grade.
The importations of coffee into the
"United States during the nine months
ending with March, 1901, amounted to 617.
244,000 pounds, with a value of 545,21b,000, a
sum nearly $5,000,000 in excess of the value
of the coffee imports of the same months
of the preceding fiscal year. Indicating
that for the full fiscal year the total value
of the coffee imported into the United
ArT^r-'CanS D«ik Oceans of &0HJM2-
States will be about $60,009,000. Even this
is somewhat below the annual average
cost of coffee imported during the decade
just ended, the reduction in U>tal value be
ing due to the fall: of about one-haif in
the Import price. :
The following table shows in pounds the
Importations of coffee into the principal
countries of Europe and Into the United
States in 1899 and the per capita consump
tion: . V
Country — Consumption. Per capita.
Russia 1S,396.OCO .
United Kingdom 21.120.CC0 .72
Italy 31.222.CC0 .9S
Austria-Hungary S2.1S0.CC0 2.04
France ..179,120.000 4.62
German empire .....S43.5O1.O0O • 6.12
United States ..".;. SCI, 737.0U0 10.73
Our coffee importations are drawn chief
ly from the following countries: Brazil,
from which w* imported In nine months
of the present fiscal year 505.5S1.576
pounds, while large quantities of coffee
47,461,000 pounds; Central American coun
tries, 25,674.000 pounds; Java and other
East Indies, 11.033.000 pounds; West India.
5,777,000 pounds; Asia and Oceanica. 2.367.000
pounds: other South American countries,
produced In Asia and the Orient are re
shipped to the United States from Euro
pean countries, the United Kingdom hav
ing sent us 2.653,000 pounds in the nine
months under consideration, and Ger
many 3.307.0W) pounds during the same pe
riod.
Ways oF UttTe ChiTdr<en cF Sib^ta.
in the languages. In many of the smaller
places there are schools, 'sometimes un
der the village "Pope" or priest, who
celebrates mass in the little Greek church,
in the center of the villagfle. To this
church the children are taken every Sun
day, and often on saints' day as well, and
there they learn to cross themselves and
to bow when their elders do. just at homo
they bow before the "ikon" in the cor
ner. An "ikon" is a. small metal picture
of some saint or other holy personage,
and no peasant's hou3e is too mean to be
without one. That and the steaming brass
samovar, at which the family quaff hot
tea. and the great Russian stove, near
which they love to curl in the cold win
ter, are the three great Institutions in
the life of the small Siberian peasant.
At an early age the boys learn to help
their" father with his horses and cattle,
and to assist him in the field in the spring.
Here also his mother and sisters come to
work, and the girls put . "forth their
strength as lustily as the boys. It would
seem strange to them to have their chlld-
Ford happy and free from care. Though
their parents are almost always kind,
they are expected to bear .their part of
the daily burdens : almost before their
little shoulders are able. They, always
dress just like their elders, too. The girls
¦wear a bright cotton 'kerchief tied over
their yellow hair, and a print dress in
summer, and are mostly barefoot, In
winter they are carefully muffled, like the
boys, in long sheepskin coats. Their
brothers wear miniature pairs of Ion?
wrinkled boots that always form part of
the father's costume, and baggy trousers.
"TpHERE are many thousands of Rus
sian children livine with their par
|l rnts in the little villacres which dot
the vast steppe of Siberia, or line
the banks of the great; rivers at Intervals
of twenty qr .thirty "versts" (a verst ; is
two-th,irds cf a mile). : Many of .them are
the children of emigrants who have but
lately settled there. ?ind can remembT
some of the Russian homes that tV.ey have
left far behind; many:, mere were born
on the steppe and know of nothing dif
ferent. : ; ¦ '
' Thi - life of these children would seem
very dreary to u?. but they are quite hap
py and 'contented. Many of them die at
an early age because cf the rigorous cli
mate. .They have almost no toys,, yet the
little girls get as much; fun from a piece
of cloth wrapped up to look like a baby
as some American darlings dt> out of the
most , expensive wax dolls which says
"Marpma." These who live "in the large
centers, such as Irkutsk, the capital, or
.Khabaroffsk, the seat of Government of
Eastern Siberia, or in the city of Vladi
vostok; on the Pacific coast, have good
opportunities for schooling, and the boys
can attend a military gymnasium, or
school, which. Is under the Government,
and where much' of the instruction is
given by army 'officers. In these schools
a boy has a chance to get a thorough edu
cation, which even gives him instruction
* » " ' '. '
Irg to h:m, "You are now in Kansas City.
Ereak out and go around and call on your
old friend JaJm/VV. Hannuml'V , a
.This sounded to Mr., Hoon like very
good advice, indeed; he was hungry, and
hungry people always long ; to meet old
friends. He kicked the" end out of the
long bpx, ¦ crawled forth, passed/through
the door of the express room and- mingled
with the crowd. ¦:¦ >¦ ¦¦:¦' ¦ - ::¦ • V *- . ,' ; ' "
No one who eaw-.L..' F. IHoon walking
easily down town would have suspected
'that he had Jut>t rame Jill the way from
Denver in a lor.g. box and a death-like
:'; trance. K ad .tine professor been there to\
ree he ivculd have shed tears over; the :
Jess of stch a. Fubje'ct. '
.». "Wliy, hello! Hoon — I wasn't exreciiug
you'to-day!" ixclafmed Hanr.um as Hoon
walked into tho ofllce of h|s friend, who
is cashier . in one of the large business
houses of Kansas City. ' . ¦
"It's al*Bj : « the. unt-xjiected" that hap-:
pen?, John." smjled Hoon, "and I've just
happcuedi" • .':¦ ¦_¦
. Had John W. Hannum known Just ex-'
actly how he happened there would'have
been some surprJpe in the cash.er's of- :
* t 'r . ;¦;.'¦; * t ¦ ¦ . ' ,- .
"But you gaf f l someth'ng about sending
a package," suggested-. Hanr.um, tenta
: tlvely. [.-' . ¦ '¦ * ¦ • * ' ' ,. ,
. "Yes, and I .'-:f-nt it all right; but, John,
I'm sorry to say? it has been broken'epen
and the contents are gone!" said Hoon.
He was very sorry. Indeed. He took his
frit hd with him- to the express olllce.
There- wa? the box, ark; It was broken
open. Hoon was so angry; so was Ilan
num—sorry and disappointed. .
The more 'Hoon thought about the way
,met a'ffiend, and having met a friend it
was quite' in che nature of things that
Mr. Hoon' should continue" his journev in
a Pullman rather than in a long box. Vir
tue was reaping a well merited reward.
Back in Kansas % City Mr. Har.num was
pressing his 'cltiirn . and demanding ?23
with great zeal and persistency. He had
been bitterly disappointed 'and he wanted
to get something out of it In order to
make good.- Ho camped on the trail of
Wells-Fargo and worried them until, they
had bad dreams of long boxes and spook
Jrobhers; but they would not pungle up $23.
Then from .Us home at Bell Center,
Ohio, L.: F.Huon wrote his old school
mate. JdlinW. Hannum, telling him that
it was ail a Joke— that he was the original
par kagef-the most original package per
haps of the .r.any thousand that have
been shipped into the vic}nUy of Kansas
slree the State became- "dry." Mr. Hoon
thought it was a good joke, and he could
imagine how Wells-Fargo would laugh
over It. ,
But WeHs-Fargo didp't laugh. Wells-
Fargo pf ted the matter to the bottom
even after John W." Hannum had dropped
the thing like a hot biscuit and was busy
trying to forget about it. Wejls-Fargo
persisted until Mr. Hannum lost his appe
tite and began looking up authorities on
the easiest and surest way of committing
suicide. Mr. .. Hannum 4had such a ppor
sense of humor. Really, Mr. Hoon's little
joke was totally wasted on his dear friend
Hunnum. , * .
One day a committee from Wella-Fargo
waited upen Mr. Hannum in state. After
presenting Mr. Hannum with the profound
— p.iid "went broke." -
Now. Denver "fi probably as comfortable
a place as any in which to "go broke,"
but as for the matter of that, all places
look alike to the poor chap who goes
tramping up and down the streets with
the horrible consciousness that an aching
void occupies the place in his trousers
pocket which once held the reassuring
wc'pht of a plethoric '. » ckskin that pulled
down hard with a good old suggestion of
opulence.
L. F. Hoon realized that he was "up
asainst it." Denver is not California:
neither does the cold wind of the Rocky
Mountains temper itself to the shivering
fHjjourner to any great extent. ¦• It has
other business to attend to. Hoon became
very cold. Then he was both hungry and
cold. Finally he became desperate, and
¦when a man becomes hungry, cold and
'desperate— something is bound to trans
pire. - - .-V ¦-: -¦ - ; '¦ . ':-•.• • ¦
'¦'". It happened that one night he dropped
into a lecture room where a hypnotist was
holding forth. Hoon was not filled with a
desire to hear a lecture, but the room held
e suggestion of light and - warmth and
such things looked good to Hoon, for out
side the thermometer was grubbing
around down in the bottom of the glass
and the oldest inhabitant was *,eing kept
busy relating the fact that nothing like
it had been known since the cold snap of
umpty-one. Hoon accepted the words of
the oldest inhabitant as gospel truth. He
was ready to swear to the statement and
let ifRo at that.
Up on the lecture platform the hyp
notist was engaged in putting people t6
s'tep. He aiso paid them money far al
lowing him to do so.
"This Is right in my line." Oought
Hoon. To be' put to sleep was jsood
enough, for he had had no sjeep for
some time, but to be paid for it was some
thing almost too good to be true. He ap
plied for a job and was accepted.
Hoon proved a good subject. Only a
few passes and he lell asleep dreaming
of fried chicken and the old fireplace
back in the Ohio homestead.
This was the beginning of an engage
ment lasting for several days. Hoon was
the star attraction of the professor's
show. He would bo put into a trance
and hauled about ov^r town and exhibited
like a choice bit of statuary. In the even-
Ing he would go to sleep again and allow
the professor to break stones with a
sledgehammer upon his rigid breast.
The position kept him from starving to
death and his professional s'.epps saved
him the worry cf hunting for a, bed; but
at last he grew homesick and began cash
ing about for a way to get back to Ohio.
Walking was out of the question. Th.y
brakebeam was impracticable— there wa«j
too much snow upon the track and a gen
tlenmn would certainly be frozen to 'death;
¦ before traveling a .mile, Obviously there
must be brought lntJ play something orig
inal if .Mr. Hoon expected to win back to
Ohio with his toes and .fingers all Intact
and his nose in running order. :. : - :
By thjs time Mr. Hoon and the hyp
notist had become very chummy; so one
day the unhappy wanderer from the
Buckeye State opened up his heart and
confessed to the wiM desire to go home
that was eating him like a canker. ?:'::'¦',
Now the professor was sorryto lose his
best subject; but he deeply sympathized;
and so he joined Hoon in arranging this
ingenious plan for boating the transporta
tion game. . . . ¦". ; '
One day Mr. Hoon wrote ! to an oil
schoolmate, John W. Hannum of Kansa3
City, telling him that he (Hoon) was
about to send his old friend an express
package. He then procured a long box
and lay down in it, his friend the profe~
eor tucking him. up comfortably and put
ting him to sleep. V : V '.. '¦*
"You are now sound asleep!" said the
hypnotist. Hoon made no denial of the
statement. ? ' :
"You will wake up immediately upon
your arrival in Kanaas City!" suggested
the professor, "and will feel do incon
venience from your trip." Hoon was like
a piece of marble. His eyes were closed.
Ins breathing Imperceptible. The closest
examination would have failed to detect
more than the very faintest signs of life.
The hypnotist satisfied himself that his
subject was thoroughly, hypnotized. Then
he placed the lid upon the box and fas
tened it; down, not so securely, however,
but that it might have been broken open
from, the inside. -This done, he tacked
upon the box the address written a few
moments before by .; the unconscious man
inside. An expressman was called, Ihe
box lifted in and delivered at the station,
decorated with mysterious WellB-Fargo
hieroglyphics, and. started down the line
toward Kansas City.
Beneath the train the snow was whirl
ing and freezing upon the brakebeams.
Within . the car L. F. Hoon was still
assurance of their distinguished consider
ation they imparted the grave information
that not only had the box been broken
cpen from the inside, but it had been
broken open by the package— said pack
age being the body of the* sender of the
package, Mr. L.. F. Hoon. Not only had
Mr. Hoon broken open the package,, but
he had feloniously and with malice afore
thought removed, abstracted
and stolen the package — said package be
ing his , own -, body— and had taken said
package away without paying upon it the
amount necessary to repay the said
Wells-Fargo for hauling it safely all the
way from storm-kissed Denver to the city
of pork-packing!
Mr. Hannum knew it before and this
cecond enlightenment changed him from
a meek and trustful soul into a vindictive
man with a thirst for blood. He bade the
committee take its claim to u. more salu
brious clime and there present it to the
one who had instigated this wretched plot
that had ruined his peace of "mind and
placed silver threads upon his brow.
And that is the way the matter stands.
Mr. Hoon is safe at home in Bel Center,
Ohio," with his feet upon the mantel. and
the short ribs of the fat,ted calf simmering
upon the stove in the kitchen up in Den-
ver. The professor has burled his grief
deep down in his heart and; trie* to ap
pear cheerful with another subject. Down
in Kansas City John W. Hannum has an
attack of snakes at sight of an express
wagon and won't accept a present under
any circumstances.
But the Wells-Fargo Express Company
is the worst "balled-up" of the whole lot.
When a package ships itself over the
line to Kansas City, then breaks open its
case and steals itself, can said package bo
arrested? If so, on what grounds? Hasn't
the package a right to itself? "If not,"
says , Wells-Fargo, "you'll have to show
me!" 'I*'-;'. ;
But that's the way L. F. Hoon got homo
from Denver without paying any one. Tha
rest of the characters are merely accesso
ries, and the plot that has wound itself
about John W. Hannum and the "Wells-
Fargo Company is the gentle flavor, of ro
mance, as it were, that causes L. F.'Hoon
to smile dreamily as he looks back over
the past, smoking "long green" before tb.a
fireplace at Bel Center, Ohio.
But if ever you decide to travel by ex
press — don't go by way of Kansas City.
The air is still blue all around there and
there la murder in the hearts of the dan,
of Wells-Fargo, from office boy to man
ager. •
IrJC the matter of si-cur'ne free trans
portation the brakebeam artist must
tal>e a iowiy ' seat among the has
beens. His "graft" has been outdone
completely that it wears the blush
of conscious inferiority. ,'.--'- ¦ '
Some time aero L.. F. Hoon left his home
in Pel! Center, Ohio, and started out West
to see a little cf life. He reached Denver
dreaming of the old homestead and the
pile of Jack'-oak logs roaring redly in the
fireplace chimney. Wells-Fargo was In
nocently expecting to be paid for trans
porting the lour box for so many snoWy
mileB down through the canyons and over
the bleak plains to Kansas City. , Away
down at the end of the line poor deluded
', John W. Hannum was awaiting his ex
pected present with almost childish antic
ipation. Back ih»frost-bitten Denver the
professor was idly ' wonderinsr how it
would . al Iturn \ qut as 'he went "about
searching for -another subject. . ; .' ,
Arrived In -Kansas ."; City, 'the long box
was dumped oat and trundled away Into
the big windy express room, where it was
left' among an indiscriminate mass of
other packages. ¦ L.'.F. Heon yawned and
rubhed his eyes. v He had had a good sleep.
"Where am I?" he thought. Then he
rould seem to hear the professor suggest-
his express package- had - been treated th«
more angry he became. Hannum got an
gry, too. Together they decided to pre
sent to the "Wells-Fargo Company a
claim for $25. ¦ . •
!'We have been robbed!" said Hoon.
'.'And we. will have justice!" exclaimed
Hanhum. '.' ,'
But Wells-FoTgo Is very reluctant ln ;
the "matter of giving up Its h.ard-earned
gold. An eagle-eyed employe who had
read "Sherlock Holmes" noticed that the
box had teen broken . open from the in
side. This was a very suspicious, feature
of the perplexing case, and "Wells-Fargo
was seized with a wild yearning to go
deeper into the matter.
And about ? this time L. . F. . Hoon began
again to feel ' homesick tor. Bell Center,
Ohio. He lelt Ms claim of $25 to be-col
lected by .his Irlend John W. Hannum
and departed In a Pullman— for he had
THE SUNDAY CALL.
my Native ; Land. 4 He is old and
wrinkled and toothless ; also he hath
burned up; his Aesophagus and can-
7
THE MAN WHO SHIPPED
HIMSELF BY EXPRESS.DR. W, J,- HOFFMAN,', of the Geo
logical Survey, has been making a
Study of poisoned arrows. ; Among
other things he says: V
• ''The Ainoa of Japan prepare a poison
tor. spreading, upon bamboo or . metal' ar
row points to kill game with, a small por
tion of flesh about- the; wound oelng cut
out before the ~ animal , is . -'cooked - and
eaten, In Java, Borneo,' New Guinea and
other islands the practice ¦ obtains to a
considerable extent. ;
\ . ''The" poisoning of arrows prevails ¦ ex
tensively - In Africa, .particularly on the
west -, ooast, In • the ¦ Gaboon, "among the
Bomalis and with the Bushman. By the
Bushmen : the "juice of a' plant Is * used,
mixed with thfc pulp JetS. a '.. venomous
worm, V ' ' \ , .-¦; v.^- i . •'
. "The best known and' most active of ar
row poisoning is the woora'm or uralrl of
South America, It is chiefly used for the
tips of ; darts blown from the blow gun,
and the most Important * ingredient Is th«
juice of the plant from which strych
nine Is obtained, to which are added cer
tain other vegetable '. elements ' and y ser
pent venom, i In Central America poisons
are also, employed, on arrows and blow
gun darts. The Caribs employed similarly
a poison- made*- from' the sap of a tree
called the mancen illes. The antidote wus
the application to the . wound of. what , we
call arrow root. ..
' "The Seris of : Northwestern Mexico pre
pared a poison by putting in to. the ground
a cow's liver, rattlesnakes, scorpions,' cen
tipedes and' other. unpleasant things, and
beating them with a stick. .Into the mix
ture the i arrow points were; dipped, and It
would be difficult to Imagine a much more
poisonous : concoction or compound. ; The
Apaches and neighboring; tribes were until
recently In the habit of smearing upon
their arrows a • composition said to be
composed of a decomposed deer's liver
and rattlesnake venom. In some instan
ces crushed red ants are also reported to
have ..been "used. ¦ -- ¦„'< . : T-*t' r
"A microscopic examination of such a
coating upon, arrows- obtained V from
Apaches years • ago showed the presence
of blood ¦ and a crytalllne substance that
was apparently rattlesnake venom. It is
a well established fact that the venom of
serpents ..retains its- poisonous properties
when dried indefinitely. >Y
"The Shoshone and Bannock indlans
state that the proper .way to poison ar
rows, as formerly, practiced by.- them, is
to secure a deer and cause it to be bitten
by a rattlesnake, Immediately after which
the deer Is killed, aad Uu» meat removed
and placed In a hole in the ground. When
the • mass has become putrid the -arrow
points are dipped Into It. The Clallams of
Puget Sound used to make arrow points of
copper, which were afterwards drpped in
sea water and permitted to corrode. This
was a dead-sure death <lealer.
"I have^never met an Indian who would
admit the use of poisoned arrows in wat
fare against man. They will say they uae
poisoned arrows to kill game, but not to
shoot In warfare. In nearly all instances
when poisons are prepared* by Indians the
operation is performed with more cr less
ceremony, chanting 'and incantation, for
the purpose- of, evoking evil spirits or da
mons. In their belief the effects of poisons
are due wholly to the presence in them of
malevolent spirits or demons, which enter
the body of the victims and destroy Uf«,'«
THE WORLD'S INHABITANTS THAT STILL USE POISONED ARROWS
" -/"^r AT tne 'words "fraternity houses"
. and *e« everybody prick up his
Vl ears. . It .seems .as if there was
something magical In the" words.
In reality the, magior lies in the
boys. Where else do the bbys get such a
chance.. to show what' charming hosts
they can -be? Certainly not In their own
homes. > They feel ' their ¦ responsibility,
and' bo well have^they risen to the occa
sions that they, have gotten themselves
strictly into the business of entertaining.
The Zeta Psi boys have the proud dis
tinction of owning- the oldest- "frat"
house In Berkeley. It has; stood the
bangs and knocks . of dozens \ of lively
boys .for twenty-six- years and is still
* In fins condition. And, wonder of won- jj
¦ ders, they have kept the same Chinaman
¦ for fourteen years straight running! -No .
The dining room Is furnished in natural
redwood, walls, ceilings, alL. A shelf
circles' the room and It Is covered with
steins. One of the boys said: "We
asked the alumni to send us a stein with
¦ -¦ ¦¦ ¦ V •-"< . . ; .. l - r ---.--
bribes or envious matrons have been suf
ficient to induce^ him to leave his boys.
\He knows the old members much better
than do th« boys who live In the house.
¦It, Is easy for them. to have a dinner. All
they, have to. do is to remember one thing
—to let that marvelous Chinaman into
their confidence. '. Then he does the rest.
He sees that the house is in perfect order,
plans the menu and hires the necessary
help. If any Is needed. The boys dress in
their best bib and tucker and come down
stairs at the proper, time, without further
bothering their heads. ; Ain't they: to be
envied? , l- : ',~£< ¦ ' , *
The piano Is covered with music of all
kinds.' from opera to ragtime, and man
dolins and banjos are scattered here and
there," Just where the musical fit left the
player. The veranda, which runs half way
round the house, la seldom without an oc
cupant, for It's shady and it's sunny and
It's everything that's nice and a prime
Perhaps the Jolliest people at California
are the Sigma Chis. Their house Is down
right boyishly comfortable. Cozy couches
and soft pillows and bookcases near
enough to reach out and help yourself on
a lazy day and all sorts of little things
that make life worth living have they.
The dining-room Is paneled off. It take*
no ! time to lift the three pieces out of
their grooves, and the refreshments are
alluringly near, as weel as having such a
splendid chance to show off the pretty
room. A broad veranda offers the dancers
a breeze and a quiet chat -on the side.
• The crowning Joy of the house la th«
dance hall. It takes up most of the first
floor and Is unfurnished save for a rug, a
piano and a cozy fireplace corner. Over
looking the room Is a tiny balcony, which
serves as a beautiful place to tuck the
chaperones away in.
The house Itself is a thatched affair and
Is built In a very quaint style. The front
¦.-¦-* • ?
and sides are covered with climbing roses.
and there are any amount of them bloom
ing and nodding in their garden. For they
really boast of one, but honestly say that
It "looks better about class day. as the
fellows get busy and cut the grass for
the occasion."
The newest "frat" bouse at California
Is the proud property of the Beta Theta
Pi fellows. It's a swell looking house, all
right. It Is way up on the bill, almost
across from the rock that the founders of
the college made a famous landmark.
At tfae present moment th« boys ar«
very much puffed up. What over? Only
over Brigadier General Funston and his
victory. They claim him as their very
own; and Conger. and Harrison and a few
others just like them.
as a dancing hall, reception-room and, , In
fact, a-' place to be given over to. their
guests. - . * .'.;..' ."*' .' i -
To look at It now one would never dream
that the house was run entirely by a lot
of students. Everything is exactly so,
and one could look for dust with a micro
scope and not have the labor rewarded.
But there are other rooms in the house
where there are probably' all kinds of pil
low fights, but those are the rooms that
visitors are not invited to Inspect. ¦' .
They have a number "of typical . bed
rooms; not covered with all sorts of trash,
but cozy, comfortable and pretty. One of
those rooms that one can go into without
a minute's warning and ¦without the closet
¦¦^belng hastily kicked shut. Yet they are
emphatically boys' rooms. To the gas fix
ture in one swings and sways a little bag.
Upon investigation it reveals all kinds of
hidden treasures— buttons of all shapes,
sizes and conditions, pins, needles and
thread. That: fellow doesn't have to run
about crying "Button, button; who's got
the button?" "
. Their house-mother gives them confl
; dence in one way, if in no other. Jn speak
ing of the houses in general and asking
'.how much room would be devoted to
them, one of the fellows laughingly said,
"And ¦ what will you have on me?" We
had lemon pie. Nine out of ten houses
would have made a quiet visit to the
kitchen before asking such a rash ques
tion, -r . - *"- i?, .
, The Phi Delta Theta boys. are noted for
their orderly house.- After the flre they
planned one large room, that would*serve
The Delta Upsilons are distinguished in
a way. They are the only boys in Berke
ley who have a matron. Their spacious
rooms are all as neat as a- pin. and there
are flowers on the piano and table. The
shake of the pillows would tell the tale
if nothing else_did.
an Inscription on It, and this Is the re*
eult." Apparently some of the alumni
thought that the popular cafes In town
should be represented, and they are. The
boys are all right, though.- s >
8
THE ; SUND&Y CALL.
IN THE FRATERNITYTHE> SUNDAY' CALL.
HEXT: WEEK.
In the Fraternity Houses
'-. 1 at Stanford. ;
THE PIRATICAL FLEA AS THE SAMS0N OF THE WHOLE UNIVERSE
t-j-iHE flea possesses all the piratical In
stincts—thirst ftMV blood, rapacity,
Jl cruelty. He Is further as ingenious
in devising tortures as he Is untiring
in the torment of his victims.
The flea is built upon lines that make
him ferever hungry. But his continuous
performance appetite is far from " being
the oddest thing about him. Proportion
ately to size, he is the Samson of the uni
verse. If an elephant had the Bame rela
tive strength he could come near to over
setting a steel-framed sky scraper.
A flea, wingless, -with a body out of all
proportion to his head, and all over less
than the sixteenth of an inch in length,
will leap upon a plan© surface more than
a yard. This, too, : when he has been,
batched in hair, or straw, or sand, and
never known what it was to have a full
meal. More marvelous still, he will gyring
perpendicularly upward from one to two
feet. Fancy a man or: boy standing flat
footed and all of a sudden leaping over a
church spire. .(;.;.; ..:
Wonderful things have been done with
fleas. They have been put into gold col
lars and set to drag about lengths of gold
chain at least 100 times their own weight.
Further, an ingenious goldsmith back In
the leisurely seventeenth century made a
coach and four in ivory and gold, with a
coachman upon the box, postillion and out
riders, yet all so tidy It was dragged by a
pair of fleas, workink in gold collars. They
worked under a bell glass, and were ex
hibited In London and Paris. . -v' :
To light like cats and dogs. Is the syn
onym of continuing strife, but even cats
and dogs do not fight so bitterly as cat
fleas and dog fleas. Oddly enough,; the
cat fleas are bigger than the dog fleas,' so
should be always victors. But* here as
elsewhere condition tells. If the cat fleas
are I.izy and luxurious— fat they can never
grow— the small, : lean, -keen-beaked dog
lleas kill them out.
¦ The' combatants stand up to : fight quite,
like al pair of prize-ring ornaments. As
they have six legs they have plenty to
stand on and still spare 'a couple with
which to belabor each other. Upon ¦.neu
tral ground, as "a floor or walk,- thu cat
and dog fleas keep the peace. But let one
invade litter or a coat sacred to the other,
and there" is straightway a' fight to a fin
ish. Something even more curious than
this inborn antipathy is that dog fleas will
not live upon a cat nor cat fleas > upon a
dog. ' - \ "V ¦ , '¦ ' ¦ ' ¦; .
Fleas lay. eggs after the insect manner,
which' hatch out tiny wrigglers very near
ly invisible to the naked, eye, yet capable
of ! feeding . on moisture and microbes— at
least one judges that to.be the filet, since
fleac breed so largely In sand.^hair, straw j
and litter where "other food is lacking:—.
arid after a- while, spinning themselves co- •¦
coons. The cocoons - are no bigger than f
tiny grains of sand,' but 1 , under the micro
scope show as;' semi-translucent ovals
beautifully.' banded- with ' pink and. pearl. .
They ¦ are ' formed upon top of the matrix,;
whatever it may be,: where the sun or. the,
light can strike them fair. . Rain Just*, atf
the .: hatching* time often kills ' a whole •
brood of sandfleas. ;„ i ' f -. ; v .
- "A flea's beak Is' sharp 'and. hard, some
thing like a, bird's, only more A -
flea bite is not poisonous save and except
In rare ; cases where a flea has : previously
been biting Infected tissue. Certain- French
scientists , have shown that both fleas I and, 1
bedbugs ' could thus « carry.' tubercular to- -i'
lection,:, /. •.-.¦.?. ¦ u. ¦'¦-¦/..,. ,
The Interior Is every bit as' swell as the
outside. A large hall opens into a recep
tion room and a dining room on one side,
and a billiard room and a large parlor on
the other. When all the folding doors are
When it comes to howling swell look
ing houses, the Delta Kappa Epsllon hold
their heads up the highest. Their house,
painted in bright red and white.' Is a land
mark in thr.t part of town. People say,
"Oh, It's just one block from the 'Deke'
house," or "It's just around the corner
from the 'Delce' house."
Brass : candlesticks, brass vases, brass
trays and even brass baskets,' are every
wnere. The swell window has a window
seat all about it, and there are all sorts
and conditions of pillows there. But the
cutest room in all Berkeley opens off the
hall. It is just large enough for two and
a telephone. Absolutely no more. Even
if three good friends wanted to have a
quiet chat they would ba horribly . un
•comfortatile. The architect that built
that house knew what he was about..-. ,
rags woven In the old style rag-carpet
fashicn. They are very pretty and also
very uncommon. -The piano looks. as if
It had come out of the ark, but the tones
are sweet, and so everybody is treated
to a surprise party. A little table 'is a
piece of a log smoothed and polished and
held up. by a branch.
opened wide there is plenty of room to
entertain all the friends of the fraternity
and not be crowded in the slightest.-
The bedrooms are all differently fitted
up: the studious fellow naturally has
things as different from the gay chap a»
night from morning. But each and everj*
one of them is interesting. . .
The- Kappa Alpha fellows have ane\T'
shir.gled home. The first things that onf
sees on entering is "For matron, press th<
button." Of course, they would never ge<
over laughing If some greenhorn really
tried to. Over the windows in the parloi
hangs "Christian home -for unemployed
girls." Thrn, the "Anti-saloon League",
has Its sign and the "Pastor's study"
and "Modes," and heaven knows what
¦ not.
. Their house reminds one forcibly of col
lege life and makes one want 'to shout,
"Rah, rah, rah, California, U. C. Berke
ley, zip, boom, ah!" ' ;
Another pretty sorority house belongs
to the Kappa Alpha Theta^ girls. It is
email but so awfully comfy looking. The
furnishings are on the artistic antique
order. The portieres are made of silk
No one would ever think that it was a
"frat" house to look at it. However, tho
neighbors on one side send over written
messages, "Please do not make so much
noise," while those on the other side de
clare "The girls are just the quietest
things that ever were."
Their floors are al^hardwood, and rugs
are scattered here and there. A tea table
stands before a cosy corner, but perhaps
It. is called a tea table by courtesy only.
The furniture is all light weight, and
any one would know immediately,: If not
sooner, that the buyer had her eye on
the artistic.
• Pictures of noted men and remem
brances of them confront one on all s=irles.
Another thing that the Phi Gamma Delta
boys differ from their brethren in is the
flower Question. Great vases of La
France roses stand in every available
place. The flowers are enough to attract
attention, but having really, truly vases
and not steins shows that they must be
very popular with the sororities.
And. by the way. one of the prettiest
and most homelike of the girls' fraterni
ties is the Gamma Phi Betas' home.
Theii, they 'possess a piece of the first
flag that was captured at Manila. They
Insist that it is no fake, as Frank Norris
was fortunate enough to get it v.iien he
was down there as a special correspond
ent and &ent It to his brother. If It
hasn't been through the war, its looks
certainly belie It.
Over the door just to the right of the
mantel hangs an oil painting of Collis P.
Huntington, and what Is mere, the card
which is attached to It reads, "Presented
to his friends by collis P. Huntington."
His writing alone would make most peo
ple swell up until they couldn't see
straight, but although the boys are proud
of it, they don't tell everybody about the
time that Collts dined with them and left
his portrait behind to convince them that
it had been no pipe-dream.
it is quickly put into execution before it
is lost, f-v : ' :
A home that points with pride to Its
relics is the Phi Gamma Delta.
Their house isn't so large, but it is very
prettily arranged. The hall, parlors and
<llnlng-room all open into each other and
the chimney place acts as a pole the
center. When they dance everybody goes
round and round and woe be to the fel
low who tries to circle the wrong way.
Japanese lanterns and smllax are usually
up, for just as soon as one little affair is
over somebody -has a happy thought and
place to dig for the exams, or while away
a. summer hour. "
The Delta. Tau Deltas are a regular or
chestra in themselves. In other words,
they're very musical. Whether one must
be a. musician in order to be eligible or
not I don't know, but this much I do
know-that if he isn't his nose will be out
of Joint. ; " :
Their parlors are \ not very large, but
they are brimful of banjos, mandolins,
base viols, violins, megaphones, grama
phones and every other kind of phones
that are on .the market. The piano Is
open and ready for work, and a gToaning
music rack stands near to help the good
cause along.
In one corner stands a glass tank filled
¦with any number of gold fish. Around
them is a miniature fernery and the ferns
all look as if they had plenty of water,
too. There are several palms about, and
the lion of Lucerne guards the table to
6ee that none of the periodicals are car
ried off to enlighten other "frats."
Their house is very nicely furnished all
the way through; everything reminds one
of that homely saying. "Neat but not
saudy." But It isn't the house that one
thinks about while there — it's the boys,
for nearly every one of them is thorough
ly at home in the art of entertaining.
And epeaking of entertaining brings the
Sigma N*' boys into full blast. They are
never eo happy as when the house is full
to overflowing and when no one can hear
a word that anybody else is saying on ac
count of the general jollification. Go there
to luncheon and nine times out of ten
every man jack will stay at home to see
that the other fellows don't neglect the
guests. ; ..
9
HOUSE AT BERKELEYAt a recent sale of Angora cats at Kan
sas City good prices were realized. Tha
little animals were mostly from New Mex
ico and broueht from {3 15 to 123 a head,' _
, Mr. Chugwater— The oats didn't really
change hands. The cash changed pockets.
A woman oughtn't to try to understand
these things. They're away beyond her.
— Chieago Tribune.
Mrs. Chugwater— Joslah, the paper says
$200,000 worth of oats changed hands In a
few minutes. How could they do all that
in so short a time?
Shorter Process.
'Brown— He, doesn't. He merely uses
the case to carry a dictionary in.—Phila
delphia Press.
Browne— Oh. he's calling on Miss Kul
cher of Boston.
Towne— The idea! What does he carry
field glasses for?
Quite Indispensable.'
Towrie — I've seen Gazley several nights
recently with hl3 field glasses. I won
der what his game Is?
Interest will attach to the six figures In
the colonnade bodying forth the Great
Lakes. They are of uneven merit "La\ e
Huron," by Louis' A. Gudebrod. la the
most characteristic— the figure of a Huron
brave in the act of spearing a rish "Viik*»
Michigan," by Carl E-.Tefft. a female
bearing an Indian fishing spear and look
Ing down into the waters, ,1s good also
The , same artist's "Lake .SuperioV " a
rather • strained male figore, is not 'so
pleasing - "Lake 'Erie." a seated
female with a horned headdress* the Dd.l
die and quiver beside j her/ is a ser-ne
study in dignified contemplation "La'u«
Ontario,", by Philip , Martiny, i 3 arMx
ceedingly graceful girlish figure - "Lake
St. Clair," by Henry Baerer. gives* usiSe
sameJdea In, more fleshly form '
To mention all ' single figures' of excel
l-nce. like John- Gelerfs "Liberty-.- or
The "Lake Series."
In his two pylons of the Electric Tower,
"The Great Waters," George Gray
Barnard •] has • held his splendid promise
nobly. Here Is vigorous . work, high In
finish, startling as graceful in conception
and falling into its architectural setting
perfectly. /The "Great Waters in Indian"
Times" presents an Indian brave, feather
bonneted, standing xm the prow of his
canoe, holding up his bow and arrows to
Manitou, with many accessories at his
feet. "In the White Man's Time"?the in
land seas show personified by a nude boy,
who, with outstretched arms on a wherry'
seems calling out "Ship ahoy. "~ The grace
of/tnese figures is very home .reaching
We ! might have* expected • more powerful
figures. to illustrate such a theme, but the
world is young and let us be satisfied.
E. C. Potter's "Animal Wealth," which
shows "a bear erect crushing a , deer,
and a white trapper and ah Indian hunt
er,'is admirable, better than . his group
of the tamer variety of riches In cattle.
John J. Boyle- has given us a very
realistic group in his "Savage Age in the
West." It is an Indian war dance. The
crouching, turning .figures of the braves,
the drummer squatted, beating on the In
dian drum, are true to life and artisti
cally grouped, though the- artifice is
cleverly given an appearance, of the ut
most unconventionality.
Paul W. Bartlett will, however, score
heavily . with his work, '"The - Genius
of Man." His "Human Emotions," with
its figures of pity and grief and despair,
is a real poem in form of a quality sel
dom seen In sculpture of this order. . . :
cute," but the group .will not take high
rank for all that. - .:. . . .. —-?¦ '
'¦: Bela L. ' Pratt' s "Floral Wealth" will
perhaps reach the ladles . with - its semi
nude Flora in her chariot, a girl running
beside it, • an • old woman 1 following It and
two nude little boys, marching jWith the
Prussian parade - step, drawing'- It. C The
ladies will, pronounce the 'little boys "too
Charles N. Niehaus- in his "Mineral
Wealth"' has, given us a mixture of sym
bol, and reality that Is well handled. The*
female figure; of Opportunity' in wind
tossed drapery, calling to the workers Is
boldly set up and natural and.unconyen
tlanaOn pose, while before.her the pros
pector,^ the geologist, the delver and the
smelter— all # good, .live .figures— are busy
ut their tasks. It will be admired by the
connoisseur and \the j untaught alike, but
It is not going too. far to say that the lat
ter»wlll be in danger of dubbing it "Din
ner Time' In Camp" and turning the glor
ious .maid whom everybody tries to . em
brace'into a transfigured boarding^ missus
announcing the hour of the midday meal.
'/Mineral Wealth."
In t the v Fountain of Nature, George
T. Brewster surmounts the work by a
nude female figure holding up a golden 1
sun with both hands. It-is the- form of a
young woman, modeled gracefully and
with a sense of lightness, but. somewhat
stiff, of pose. Tne figures of the Four
Elements beneath] are fair,- but not strik
ing. The Four Winds are better; /the
Four Seasons are again not so good. Al
together, the pile is effective to the
glance, however It may be in detail.
tai read covering. Is gathered in about his
waist and descends in Egyptian folds to
his feet. His foothold rests upon the Five
Senses,, who, with interlocked arms, are
walking- In a circle. The merit of his
symboMIes, it is. to-be presumed, "in the
application of it." The formalizing of the
chief- figure is well done and the free
modeling of the supporting figures excel
lent. The man can be seen from two
sides, which is a convenience, and can be
seen with a difference. ' In its suggestion
for , reflective -minds it is rich, but . the
ordinary person is apt' to sec In the. fig
ure more of a man with a rain shedder on
his shoulder than a mystery. . That is
the: bother with the extremely symbolic.
People are as~ apt to ask why Mr. Grafly
gave man a mackintosh or why Mr. El
well only gave Kronos a napkin to cover
his face -withal as to find food for pro
found speculation in either. Still, this
aside, the group Is attractive, and the^ fig
uresof the Senses beneath and the strug
gling Virtues and Vices are vigorously
conceived. ' V.. .
In this connection It may be *ald that
the Fine Arts Building destined to the
display of American paintings te In a very
backward state. The marble Albright gal
lery, which was to have held the collec
tion, could not be finished in time, and
hence a new temporary building had to be
erected. Director W. A. Coffin Is confident
of a fine representation of American art
ists, but it will not be visible oefore June.
Still, no one need hold back on that ac
count from visiting the. fair. In Its out
ward aspects It will repay every art lover
In Pan-America— north and south of the
equator. - . , * *
In addition to this, purely American
work there will be reproductions' of many
classic and renaissance sculptures In ths
inter-columnar spaces of the Propylota
back of the Electric Tower. While in Eu
rope last year Mr. Bitter also secured
copies of a great number of pieces of sev
enteenth and eighteenth century work
from the famous garden and parks of
Versailles. ¦ ¦ . V-t
Outside the sculptures distinctly Fan-
American there will be seen St. Ga.udens'
colossal equestrian statue of General
Sherman, designed for a New York park
site. • French's heroic Washington, on
horseback, which was seen at the Paris
World's Fair, will be seen here also, with
its wonderful lighting up of the face of
the Father of His Country.
Martlny' s "Torch Bearer," -mraia prolong
this running comment unduly. /
. Charles Grafly has pushed., symbolism
very far Indeed in his .mysterious Foun
tain of Man. •¦ Man is a mystery to him
self for all our self-introversion. -.He
looks blankly, out on the world from:'be
neath a cloak which hangs from his Orien-
Symbolism- goes very far with Frank I*
Elwell. This pupil of Falguiere fights on
the ground of his master with great vigor
and skill. His Fountain of Kronos, with
Its strange, striking central figure,, will
furnish conundrums to thousands. Father
Time for him is not an. old man and a
scythe. No,- indeed! Time is a strorig
llmbed. heavy-loinedl'man, with .great
wings, because he flies; with an equal
weight in either hand, because he is in
different to all; with veiled faoe, because
no . one knows his secrets. -. He stands
upon. the tortoise, because his advance is
Bteady, however seemingly . slow. "For
tunately, his Fountain of Ceres needs not
so much glossary. Mother, of fruits and
harvests, she is the, type of the ; earth's
fecundity, and this , is seen in the utter
mobility, dignity and simplicity., of the
figure, -vwlth her symbols of .'. life and
growth , heli!Kup to the risen , sun. . toward
which her face is lifted, while: her wide,
light, draperies " are ; backward ; blown by
the morning -breeze. You feel here a
strong, -appealing, conception, "executed
¦with great certainty, and, as said before,
in ravishing simplicity.
With Philip, Martlny come grace and life
in varied expression. He has much work
scattered through the exposition, all of It
admirable, but I would select for especial
note his gracious female figure of "Abun
dance," surmounting the fountain of that
name, of which Mr. Carrere designed the
architectural adjuncts. Swaying as in a
dance of delight, with a long chaplet of
flowers curving behind her back and be
tween her extended arms, her head turned
to the left, her drapery (under whlch^ the
svelte figure is felt) Wowing to the right;
she stands on the roundness of the world,
and a laughing, singing circle of chubby
youngsters are dancing and tumbling
around the base. It is a joyous thing.
atVhisthro.it ami clenched- hands. f>ne
•resting on his" ¦ knee, the other, akimbo,
resting on his hip— is seated in his chariot,
drawn by four staivjart serfs, three of
whom are stooped in slavish resignation,
while ori one who hrxs risen up in protest
a female fury standing beside the despot
is laying on the lash.' To the rear of the
car two women captives— Truth and Jus
tice—are chained. As a composition it is
finely balanced and the symbolism en
forced in every detail. Viewed from any
point it Is satisfying and tells its story.
The firm seated despot, looking far off to
newconquests, indifferent to human suf
fering; the sense that in his slaves you
see the young and the old alike his ser
vitors, with every atom of their strength,
every cord of tho'.r sinews; the awfui
visor of the bat whiged woman with the
lash; the hopelessness of revolt: the
cheapness of. life; tUe cost of it all in hu
man sorrow— these all are palpable and
vibrant before you. It will be one of th^
lions of the exposition. Mr. Konti's other
groups at the Temi.ie of Music— namely,
"Gay Music," "Religious Music," "Heroic
TVIuslc" and "Apollo. God of Music"— are
also notable' compositions In every way,
and . only dwarfed by M.r. Konti's own
work in the despotic group."
Looking over. the result of the sculptural
work thus broadly outlined, so far as It
can be seen at this writing, there is solid
ground for congratulation. It proves that
we have a body of sculptors of high
imagination, capable of realizing their
dreams in form— artists . that any nation
might be proud of. The' level of the mon-
The conception throughout. Is a beauti
ful one. When we take these masses of
sculpture in connection with the architec
tural splendorS'Of the fair, the harmoni
ously tinted buildings, the" multiple foun
tains and canals, the gardens and flower
beds, the strfking lift of the Electrlo
Tower, we have a feast for the eye and a
repast for the mind uplifting and ennob
ling. Irrespective of the exhibits within
the spacious halls it will draw millions to
see It and rejoice in It.'
The groups and figures that rise therein
from the water are dedicated to Man. The
central and most important is the Foun
tain of Man; on either side are subsidiary
fountains, -the; Fountain of Hercules the
Btrong and the Fountain of' Prometheus
the aspiring. AroundMhls basin are six
important groups symbolizing man in his
various stages, of development from sav
age to civilized. Turning to the Itef t there
is a similar arrangement of fountains in
a great cruciform basin. Here the central
work Is the Fountain of Nature; on either
side are the Fountain of Kronos, symbol
izing Time, and of Ceres, typifying the
germinating forces of the earth. The six
groups typify mineral wealth, animal
wealth and floral wealth. Now looking
down the central avenue once more, we'
face the Court of Fountains, the FounV
tain' of Abundance facing us.' ¦¦¦* IriKthe:
Court of Grand Basin, beyond and in
front of the Electric Tower, Is the great
grouping symbolizing the Genius of Man,
with: subordinate . groups of the Human
Emotions and the Human Intellect, with
the Birth of Venus on one side and the
Birth of Athene on the other. We are
now facing the Electric Tower, and from
350 feet In the air the golden statue of the
Goddess of Liberty looks down on us.
Here are the two pylons typifying tha
- Great Waters In the time of the Indians
and the time of the white man. Around
the colonnade of the tower we see sym
bolic figures of the Great Lakes them
selves. Four, rivers are shown in the
spandrels with pylons of the Genius of
Progress.
3VTan and Nature.
lowed the symbolic idea enshrTnW?!! TTf5
platting of the exposition buildings them
selves. It naturally, therefore, divided it
self Into four main parts— first, the sculp
tural decoration of the Triumphal Cause
way at the south to signify the power
of the United States am. its glories in
peace; next, the allegorical illustration of
Man and his works along the eastern side
of the great central avenue; of Nature
and her forces on the western side, and»
last, the local and specific symbolism of
'the great inland waters, of light born of
the waters, all centering about the Elec
tric Tower at the northern end. These
four main ideas had each, their sub-divi
sions, •which need not be tediously retold.
Suffice It to say here (the visitor to the
exposition will have ample chance to fill
out the sketch for himself) that the tow
ers of the Causeway, are topped by great
equestrian figures, and that groups at the
base of the towers and figures in their
niches carry out the idea 'of national pride
and patriotic quality. Advancing north
ward from the Causeway, we find our
selves on the Esplanade, which here
crosses the central avenue. On the right
hand side is a great cruciform basin with
many fountains.
• ;It is, however,- -the. work of Isadore
Konti that will probably attract the keen
est attention among art lovers and the
publib generally— the public which . so
often goes astray in its groping after
what, Ib* worthy. But there is no.mistak
ing the merit and "skill in. Mr. Konti's
group, /'The DespoUc Age." The despot,
the tyrant— a grim, powerful figure of Ro
man type.- with back blown toga clasped
.Karl Bitter limited his own work to the
four heroic equestrian "Standard Bear
ers" on top of the hundred foot, high
square v pillars ' Of the Triumphal Cause
way. These can-only, be fully'and finally
considered-when mounted in their exalted
places, but they cannot fail to be tremen-,
dously effective. They, are the flag-car
riers of Power and Peace, and, although
the pose of the man with held up banner
on t£*> high rearing horse is substantially
repeated in all, there is a differentiation in
each as striking as the repetition Is. bold.'
The. sense of might, of uplift is splendid
and inspiring, whether it be the naked
Greek helmeted warrior or the naked Lord
of Music with J chaplet of bays and an
tique lyre.' All' the artist's tense strenu- ;
ousness is here in a clear note In alt; The
musculation and articulation . are fine.
Horses and men, they are magnificent If
Mr.' Bitter's work has one fault, it is that
the point of rest Is often wanting. -Here
the. subject does not insist on- it, but Is
found -in the firmness. of the seat of the
riders. His standard bearers might leap
off the four' towers at j any moment, . you
feel, without being, unhorsed. , -.. .
Mr. Bitter's Own Work.
IierVert Adams 'with his golden,.colossal
figure, "The GodOess of I^ight," sur
mornting the : Electric Tower, has
p.ehieveu much. It Is light, airy, graceful,
and well modeled and conveys its idea
fully, with outspread wings and uplifted
torch, but the poise of such figures has,
once for all, been &et in the antique Mer
cury "new lighted on a heaven kissing
hjll," emphasized so lately by the Diana
of the Madison Square tower that the
room for'originallty Is much It
will be admired, however, as it deserves
to be. Considering that it will be; the
central point of the exposition by day
and by night, this is much to be thankful
for. Other work here by this sculptor
does not rank as well. His "Age of En
lightenment" is smooth and balanced, but
trite and academic. He seems to achieve
best where the decorative is the essential
of his work. ;
Timentfil sculpture at tne Tan-Am^rtcar
Exposition is a high one. Free rein has
been given to Individuality. A-. subjeel
was given by Director Karl Bitter to a
sculptor. It was to be a single figure or a
group, occupying such or .such a site; the
figure or figures, were to be. on such .a
scale as to heijjht; that : was' practically
all. .It was. not to be. expected that In
every case a inasterpiece would result,
but the number* of exceedingly striking
and meritorious pieces is something to
wonder at. Few actual failures have been
made, and these, it is-irnderstopd, will not
be exhibited. -Despite the carte blanche
of the order, much of the work is within
conventional lines— a path of safety has
been sought even by very skillful artists,
but trfe special glory of the "great work"
will slrine out all the more by the con
trast. The names of Isadore Kontl, Philip
Martlny, Frank L..Elwell, Charles Grafly,
Charles I,. I,qpez/ Karl Bitter, Charles E.
Niehaus, George; Gray Barnard. Paul W.
Bartlett and John Boyle will easily take
front rank. Without any desire to attempt
a definitive rating one may place in close
order to the foregoing- Herbert Adams,
Edward: C. Potter, George T: Brewster;
John Gelert and: Louis A\ Gudebrod.
To facilitate the work Mr. Bitter cre
ated a large molding plant at his studio
in Hoboken. where the artists sent their
three-foot high models and where the fig
ures, enlarged to the required size, were
remodeled and cast in staff. This served
an economic end as well, for the work
could be done more cheaply as well as
rcore expedltlously on the large scale. Be
fore the first of May 500 figures and over
had been sent to Buffalo. On the exposi
tion grounds another molding plant has
been set up for the architectural detail
work.
Now as to the sculpture scheme. It f ol-
It was early reserved that sculpture
should be largely used. Around the Elec
tric Tower and the Triumphal Causeway
sculpture was relied on to carry into sym
bollo human detail the ideas these struc
tures were calculated to inspire. The
symbolism which has been so markedly
Imprinted on the whole scheme of the
Pan-American Exposition should in fine
have its most direct translation in sculp
ture. On one side the exposition was to
stand for Man. his development and the
things he had made; on the other Bide it
was to stand for Nature and the use by
man of naiural forces. The Electric Tow
er, as embodying the chaining of the wat
ers of Niagara to produce power and
light, would offer great symbolic oppor
tunities. So ; lt was ordered. In John
M. Carrere. chairman of the board of
architects, Karl Bitter found a very sym
pathetic colleague. Together they plan
ned a display of statuary which called
for important work by no less than thirty
five sculptors. In mere number of figures
the output will, it Is said, exceed the Chi
cago exposition. In merit it can already
be said to be much higher.
Symbolism Everywhere.
Think over the hundreds of soldiers' and
Bailors' monuments scattered over the
country by that time — the infantryman
•with peaked cap and the army cloak, on
top of a pillar, repeated a hundred tlmss—
and then compare these monuments with
the art work that is common now, and
you will perceive a great growth not only
In public taste, but in our sculptors. Mr.
Bitter is part of that growth. He is a
young man in sculpture; that is, he is
•under 40 and in the full flush of his power.
The Vlnnie-Ream era was before his
time. One may not be quite sure that the
lobbyist sculptor is actually no more, but
the system has received its death blow,
and artists now must h^ve merit to gain
public favor. That is part of Mr. Bitter's
creed. : ¦ • "
"We remember well how the very moder
ate amount and, modest Quality of the art
•work at the Centennial Exposition of
1876 proved an awakening to esthetics
for the plain people of the country, raised
on the Puritan grayness of American life.
Karl Eittfr was chosen !>y the National
Sculpture Society by a unanimous im
pulse whon the exposition management
confided the choice of a director to that
body. He possesses all the qualities need
ed. Penetrated with the new idea of in
dividuality in composition and work, and
a master of technique, it was known be
sides that he is the incarnation of energy.
In exhibitions time counts, and the di
rector ¦who accomplishes a great deal
must transfuse his own valorous .quality
into others, give basic ideas that will al
low broad scope in the consequent treat
ment and create that enthusiasm which
makes for creat results. He did notable
work at the Chicago fair, and his vigor
ous lead in the construction of the Dewey
arch, including the modeling of the splen
did group, "The Men Behind the Guns,"
Is fresh In the public memory. The stren
uousness which marks his pieces of
sculpture Is nothing more than a render
ing In stone of his nature. The vigor of
the tall, stalwart Bailor In that group of
combat is the vigor of Karl Bitter. He
knows good work and he is broad enough
to appreciate it when it is not of his own
kind. Here would be an opportunity to
give a brave fillip to the national tastes,
for an exposition should be an object les
son In esthetics as well as a tidemark
for the utilitarian of the time.
To say, therefore, that with these men
outside the count the standard of the
sculpture has been raised high above that
hitherto seen at American expositions is
to hazard a good deal, but the proposition
may i>e t=afe]y advanced.
WHEN Mr. Karl Bitter was se
lected as director of sculpture
at the Pan-American Exposi
tion it was conceded that
- something would happen.
Those whom the you' ,?er generation re
gard as "old fogies" -were a bit shocked
and were prepared for anything. TIip
vounger men were enthusiastic, for here
was a brother who did not understand
the lion's share to be the entire animal
one, in fact, who would give the younger
men a chance in the monumental sculpt
ures. Splendid examples of the work of
French, St. Gaudens and Macmonnies will
be seen on exhibition at the fair, but
these very strong men do not appear
among the creators of the work that is
an actual rart of the architectural
scheme.
THE STJNBAT CAIX;
10
STATUARY
AT THE
PAN-AMERICAN
EXPOSITION.THE SUNDAY CALL;
the superstructure and In the gangways,
and as soon as Admiral Klrkland had wel
comed him I made a short speech, recit
ing that we had the champion twelve
oared cutter of the American navy, and
asked on 'the part .of my crew the honor
of naming her after his daughter. Victo
ria Louisa. He was really touched by the
compliment and. taking my hand, granted
my request most graciously. As soon as
I could; I turned to the 1 crew and called
for three cheers for the Victoria Louisa,
and then three cheers and a tiger for the.
Emperor. -I don't think he ever heard
such, cheer3 before. It was a very pretty
episode and gave our dinner a good start.
"As soon as we, sat down the Emperor
said: 'How pleased the Empress will be
when she hears of t.iis. You must have
your boat and crew photographed and
send the Empress one." (This I did on my
return to New York.)
¦"The' dinner was one 1 of the most de
lightful I have ever seen — a perfect suc
cess, and George, my steward, who boased
the entire affair, is as proud as a pea
ccck. ¦ : .
! "At- 1 a; m. the Emperor expressed a
desire to visit ; and Inspect the engine
room. And so we did. He looked into
every hole -and corner, and even had us
disconnect one of the engines, marking
time on us himself. . Then .we went
through the gun deck > and out on to the
forecastle, where he asked how Ions It
would take to close all water-tight doors.
I replied that In the daytime we could do
It in thirty seconds, but at night it re
quired about two minutes. Much to my,
surprise, he asked. if I would mind doing
it for him.' "Of .course I had -to say yes.
but when I tried to blow the siren, the
signal 9. to , close Jwater-tight ¦ doors, there
was not steam enough, and the blessed
thing would not blow. . The 'Emperor
thought he had me and said, 'Now. you
see, captain, -you s can't close your bulk
heads.'. But he did not know everything.
I. : said.'. 'You : will see in ¦ a moment, sir,'
and I touched, one of the general alarm
buttons,. which calls all hands to quarters,
and- in a few seconds 'the men -were
swarming up like rata. . • .
-."The Emperor, took the time himself,
and in one minute 'and a half the entire
ship was ready for action, with all water
tight doors . closed. ' It was' 2 a. m., the
royal standard at -our 'main and the
searchlight of the Columbia turned on it.
Emperor. . \
'¦' "When, the' Emperor ''came on ; board ,1.
had J the - men and officers massed : aft , on
¦ ! ¦'.¦ .1 '' " .' ¦ 1 ¦_' ,'J> '. ¦ '¦ ,V '•' .* 1
man captain, who spoke English perfectly.
It was soon evident that he was. bril
liant In his profession, and the pair en
gaged in a rather sharp professional talk.
Evens, did not agree with the captain,
whose namo he had not caught, and did
not hesitate to speak his mind— nor did
the ¦' stranger. '. After a time he said -he
would bo glad to present Evans to his
wife, and the latter found , her a, very
charming, and attractive -'woman. Of
course,' he had not caught her name,
either, and? after talking with her half
an hour, he noticed that a good many
people seemed to-be waiting, to speak to
her, so he took 1 himself oft to the smoking
apartment to enjoy a cigar. When he en
tered Admiral Knorr • greeted him and
said: "Evans, the Prince says you are a
good fellow and he wants the Emperor to
know you." Evans replied, "My dear ad
miral, I haven't seen the Prince and don't
know him." "Well," he said, "you ought
to know him;. you have been talking shop
with him for half, an hour, and I don't'
know what you have been saying to the
Princess during your conversation with
"i had. been talking with two of the
most delightful people I ever, met. Prince
Henry and the Puincess ?Irene,' without
knowing In the least who they; were, and
I certainly told them both exactly what
i I thought about the i different things we
discussed. The Prince was in his uniform
as a captain In the' navy and commanded
the', vessel on which the reception - wm
given. I afterward saw much of 'both of
them and was Indebted, to them for much
courtesy, and the better I knew them the
more ,1 saw'' in them .to < admire. . It was
no doubt owing to the; courtesy of Prince
Henry that his brother, the.Emperor, gave
me such marks of his distinguished.con
sideration. , The Princess Irene came 'sev
eral times 1 to the - New ; v York . and seemed
always ' Interested " and pleased with her
The evening of ; June 26' was the", crucial
test.- , The'Emperor, Prince Henry and- ten
admirals' had acceoted an: invitation ; to
dine on the New York. Here Is the record
Captain Evans made in liis diary: -. .
Called to Action at 2 a. m. for the
. Receiving Captain Zulate's Sword.
2 have left myself a small space to quota
from Admiral Evans' vivid account of his
share In the battle of Santiago. Perhaps
this is just as well. The events of tnat
battle are so fresh in public memory that
they are less novel than other parts of the
book. I shall content myself, therefore,
with his story of the surrender of Captain
Eulate, commander of the Vizcaya, who
came alongside of his ship in a small boat:
."That was a sight." says Admiral Ev
ans, "which- 1 shall never forget as long
as I live. In the stern, supported by one
of our naval cadets, sat the captain, cov
ered with blood from three wounds, with
a blood-stained handkerchief about his
bare head. Around him sat or lay a dozen
or more wounded men. In the bottom of
the boat, which was leaking, was a foot
or so of blood stained water and the body
of a' dead Spanish sailor, which rolled,
from side to side as the water swashed
abouf. *, i .
"The captain was* tenderly placed in a
chair and then hoisted to the deck, where
he was received with the honors due his
rank. As the chair was placed on 'the
quarterdeck he slowly raised himself to
his feet, unbuckled his sword belt, kissed
the hilt of his* sword and. bowlns: low.
gracefully presented it to me as -a token
of surrender. I never felt so sorry for' a
man in all my life. Of course. I declined
to receive the sword, or. rather, I instant
ly handed it back to Captain Eulate, but
accepted the surrender of his. officers and
men in the name of Admiral Sampson,
our • commander In -chief. My men were
all crowded aft about the deck and super
structure and when I declined the sword
the brave heart3 under the blue shirts
appreciated my feelings and they cheered
until I felt ashamed of myself.
"As I supported the caDtaln toward my
cabin he stopped for a moment Just as we
reached. the hatch and, drawing himself
up .to his full height., with hi3 right arm
extended - above his head, exclaimed,
*Adios, "Vlzcaya!* Just as the words
passed his lips the forward magazine of
his late command, as If arranged for the
purpose, exploded with magnificent effect.
Captain .Eulate. a sensitive, passionate
man. conducted himself in a way to elicit
the admiration of all who saw him. After
he had been attended to by the surgeons
he occupied a part of my cabin and did all
in his power to aid me in making his of-;
fleers and men comfortably" i
PENPENOTS. *
Captain Evans relates how surprised he
was when at 5 o'clock the same morning 1
his orderly called him out of a sound sleep
to report that the officer of the deck said
the: Emperor was just then passing th«
chip, steering his own yacht. His only
reply was, "For heaven's sake don't stop
him!" He managed to get one eye open,
and, looking out of an air port In his
cabin, discovered the Emperor, dressed,
in white : flannels.', steering the Meteor,
bound for an ocean race, and looking as
If he had never taken a drink or smoked
a cigar in his life.
..A3. to the impression made upon him by
the German Emperor, Admiral Evans
tells us that he found him one of tha
most magnetic and companionable of men
—with on© or two exceptions, the moat
magnetic. "He knows more about more
different things than any man I have
ever met. "When I waa In Kiel my band
was playing music composed by him, and
en my cabin table was a book of poems
written by him. Ho "was the head and
front of the finest army In the world and
at the same time giving his personal at
tention to what must some day be reck
oned one of the leading navies.
"When we went aft. where, every on»
could hear him. he said. 'Captain Evans.
1 cacrot- Imagine that a ship could be In
better condition." Very nice for all of
us. He left the ship just at 2 a. m.. and
all Germany has been reading accounts oC
it since." •¦
the ship ready for action, and the £m
peror complimenting the captain on tha
forecastle. I find myself in soma funny
positions. : - '
"Of course, if 'they had provoked It I
should have engaged ¦ their nine '"ships
without hesitation, and the chances would
not have favored my getting the York
town out of their harbor.", • : ..
Evans, • in command • of the 'battleship
New York,' was present at the ceremonies
attendant -upon the opening of the Kiel
canal,- Germany, in June, 1895, and as the
representative of the United States was
selected for special honors -by Emperor
William. : He had an .interesting experi
ence at a reception- given' on board one of
the 1 German hattleships on the -Sunday
after the . arrival- of 'the Yankee ship.
When . he . went ' over the side "he ' found a
large \ company dancing. Not - being, a
dancing man himself he stood to one side
to be out of the way and entered into con
versation with ' a clean-cut ...looking Ger-
Not Afraid of Great Odds.
Statea. and that neither must- be defaced
by his torpedo boats. After this incident
they did not run at us so much, tnough
the newspapers encouraged them to do so.
The following entry from his journal Is
interesting, as showing hjs feelings at thd
tirre: ' . , .,-,'; .
"Saturday Night. February 6.— A mail is
in, and I have nice letters from friends
cummendlng my course at Valparaiso;
very satisfactory, but 1 wish the news
papers would let me alone. ' Why should
they call me "Fighting Bob?' Some of
them say'they must take .my statements
with 'very larse grains of salt.' But gen
erally they seem to commend me. which,
if one must figure In them, is the best
way; but as I see my duty I shall do it,
hoping for. the approval of the Govern
ment. When they send me orders I shall
try to follow « hem. -Some of the letters
Eay, 'We are waiting for you to stir up
the war,' and 'he writers will never know
how near I, came to doing it. Looking
back at it now I am glad I did just what
I did and In the way I did it. I would not
changeit if I could. Of course, I could
have" 'stirred up the war,' and it may be
that people would have justified: me, but I
could not justify myself. In the discharge
of my duty I gave the Chileans a fine
chance to fight if they wanted to, and the
odds were 1 enough in their favor— nine
ships to one. . But- they backed water
every time, and I maintained, a dignified
and resolute position..
Captain Evans went to quarters at once
and gave orders if one of them even
scratched the paint on the Yorktown to
blow the boat out of the water and kill
every man in her, > so that there could be
no question of an accidental collision. • I
then saw the officer in charge of the drills
and told him that he certainly had great
confidence in the steering gear of his tor
pedo boat; that if anything should jam'so
that one of them struck me' I, would', blow
her bottom out. He replied that the water
in the harbor belonged to his Government
and that he proposed to use it for the
purpose of. drilling his boats. I answered
that -I was fully aware of the ownership
he had stated, but that the Yorktown and
the paint on her belonged to the United
Captain Evans took the refugees on
board his own ship and declared they
would be protected there even if this re
sulted in his craft being sent to the bot
tom with - N all on board. The Chileans
showed their animosity in all sorts of pet
ty ways. One of their favorite tricks was
to run their torpedo boats about. the ship,
using her apparently as a target. At last
one of the boats missed his stern by less
than six feet. . . _ ,
His brusque promptness probably pre
vented war between Chile and the United
States. The United States Minister, Pat
rick Egan, had been charged with -a
breach of neutrality by favoring Balma
ceda's party during the revolution then
raging. The Americans were consequent
ly very unpopular. At Valparaiso some
of the populace had assaulted the boats'
crews of the United States ship Balti
more, killing two of them and wounding
many more. The United States had de
manded reparation. The Chilean Govern
ment, on its part, had protested against
the sheltering of political refugees In the
quarters of the American embassy. Thus
matters stood when the Yorktown ar
rived, , and the Baltimore was ordered
home. . . .
It was while in tha hospital that Evans
heard for the first time an accurate ac
count of his company's losses In the fight
at Fort Fisher; Out of the sixty-two men
in that company fifty-four had been either
killed or wounded. -All the officers from
his ship had been wounded. The naval
brigade as a whole had been frightfully
punished, but they had done what was
expected of them — drawn the garrison
away from the point selected by General
Terry for his assault, thereby aiding the
army to get in. '. . : ¦
Stopped Threatened War With Chile.
Evans was in command of the gunboat
Yorktown in Valparaiso, Chile, in 1S91.
It was not until after: the victory had
been won that Evans wns rescued from
the dead that surrounded him. He was
so badly wounded that the doctors in
charge of the hospital decided on ampu
tating both his legs. Evans, however
drew his revolver and swore that h»
would shoot the first half dozen sawbones
who dared to approach him. Threats were
effectual where supplication had been
vain, and the young hero waa nursed back
to health with both legs Intact. : :'¦'
. "I could . see his feet as they projected
over a pile of sand, and from the'r posi
tion knew, that he bad fought his last
fight. Near me was lying the cockswain
of my boat, Campbell by name, who had
a canister ball through his lungs, and was
evidently bleedlne" to death. When he
saw the result of my shot he said, 'Mr.
Evans, let me crawl over and give that
¦. — another shot.' He was dead al
most before I could tell him that the poor
fellow did not require any further atten
tion from us." : \ -.'.¦ '¦¦.¦•¦'¦¦ ¦-':¦¦¦
remarks to him. and then. Just as some
one handed him a freshly loaded musket.
I rired, aiming at hi3 breast. I knew, all
the time that I should kill him if I shot
at him. but had not intended to do so
until he shot me in the toe. My bullet
wtnt a little high, striking the poor chap
in the throat and passing out at the back
c" hi? neck. He staggered around, after
dropping his gun. and finally pitched over
the parapet and rolled down near ime,
where he lay dead, v/ •• •: •¦.-"'.• ¦ •.'• -Mr. ' '" ¦
"When I received the wound In my right
knee I began at ence to try to stop the
flow of blood. I used for the purpose one
of the half-dozen silk handkerchiefs with
which I had provided myself, but I was
so tired and weak from loss of blood that
I was some time doing the trick. In the
meantime my sharpshooter friend, about
thirty-five yards away, continued to shoot
at me. at the same time addressing me in
very forcible but uncomplimentary lan
guage. At the fifth shot, 1 think It was,
he hit me again, taking off the end of one
of my toes, tearing off the sole of my
shoe, and wrenching my ankle dread
fully. I thought the bullet had gone
tirrough ray ankle, the pain was so in
tense. . "t .'.,
"For some reason. I don't know- why,
tltls shot made me unreasonably angry,
and, rolling over in the sand bo as to face
my antagonist, I addressed a few brief
Shot Again, I Got Mad.
. "1 heard some one say, 'They are re
treating!' and looking back 1 saw our men
Lreaklng from the rear of the columns
and retrea.ting.Xll the officers, in their
anxiety to be the first into the fort, had
advanced to the heads of the columns,
leaving no one to steady the men in be
hind; and it was in this way we were de
feated, by the men breaking from the
rtcr. Two minutes more and we should
have been on the narapet. and then—no
body can even guess what would have
happened, but surely a dreadful loss of
life. As the men retreated down the beach
they were gathered up and put into the
trenches to oppose Bragg, and there
screed until after the fort was captured.
Of. the eight of us who went InslUe the
stcckade all were shot down: one, the
color bearer of my company, was halfway
up the parapet when he received his
dtath wound. ¦ . -. . : ,
"As we approached the remains of the
stockade I was aware that one particular
sharpshooter was shooting at me, and
when we were a hundred yards away he
hit me in the left leg, about three inches
below the knee. The force of the blow was
so great that I landed on my face in the
sand. I got a silk handkerchief out of my
pocket and with the kind assistance of
my classmate, Hoban Sands, soon stopped
the blood, and again went to the front as
fast as I could.
"About this time the men were stum
bling over wires, which they cut with
their knives— they proved to be wires to
the: torpedoes over which we had charged,
but they failed to explode. My left leg
Efemed asleep, but I was able to use It.
The stockade, or what remained of it, was
very near, and I determined to lead my
comi any by a flank through, a break in it,
and then charge ..over* the angle of the
fort, which now looked very difficult to
climb. I managed to get through the
stockade, with seven others, when my
sharpshooter friend sent a bullet througn
my right knee, and I realized that my
chance of going was settled. I tried to
stand up, but it was no use; my Ieg3
would not hold me, and besides this I was
bletding dreadfully, and I knew that was
a matter which had to be looked to..
Up and at 'Em, Though Wounded.
ic, the who'e mass of men went down like
a row of falling bricks; in a second every
man was flat on his stomach. The officers
called on the men. and they responded in
stantly, starting toward as fast as they
could go. : ."•'•¦'¦•¦¦
"At about 200 yards they again went
down, this time under the effect of canis
ter added to the ritte fire. Again we ral
lied them, and once more started to the
front under a perfect hail of lead, with
men dropping japidly in every direction.
We were now so close that we could hear
the voices of the rebels, and what they
said need not be written here. .The'of
ficers were pulling their caps down. over
their eyes, for it was almost impossible
to look at the deadly flashing blue line
of parapet, an-1 we all felt that in a few
minutes more we should get our cutlasses
to work and -nake up for the fearful loss
we had suffered.
Roblev'« active service began in the
waters "of the West Indies, where for a
pr-riod he eorr-rr.and'»d the yacht America,
one of several vessels sent to look out for
Confederate privateers. But the first time
he was actually under f.re was in the first
Bbortiv* attempt against Fort Fisher. At
the second and successful attack on the
fcrt, on January ?5. 3StS. there was a call
for volunteers to lead a forlorn hope in a
land attack. BO" as he was. Evans was
one or the first to step to the front. I
phall condense hi? account of the attack
a_ he -witnessed it:
"January 13 proved a beautiful day for
<--i:r work, clear anil warm enough, with
a smooth beach for our landing. At early
davlight the whole fleet opened on the
fort and poured shells in on it at a fearful
rate After a hasty o-nnc-r .-it noon the
Fignal was made at 1 o'clock, 'Land naval
brigade ' In a few minutes we were on*,
cheered' by our shipmates, and pulling for
the shore, where we landed unopposed
and without serious accident, about one
rrile and a half from the northeast angle
of Fort Fisher. On landing we were
quickly formed in three divisions, with the
marine battalion in the lead.
"During the forenoon a force of firemen
had landed under Lieutenant Preston to
dig rifle pits, well to the front, and these
were to be occupied by the marines, who
were to keep down the rebel lire until the
sailors, armed with cuUass and revolver,
reached the parapet. • ¦
"At S o'clock the order to charge was
given, and we started for our long run of
1200 yards over th« loose eand. The fleet
kept up a hot fire until we approached
within about O«0 y-rds of the fort and
then ceased firing:. The rebels seemed to
Vnderetand our signals, and almost before
the last gun was fired manned the para
pet and opened on us with 2C00 muskets.
The army had not yet assaulted, bo the
whole garrison concentrated its fire on us.
"Under the shower of bullets the ma
rines broke before reaching the rifle pits
that had been dug for them, and did not
appear again as an organization In the as
sault. Most of the men and many of the
cfScrs mixed in'-with the column of sail
ors and went on with them. About 500
yards from the fort the head of- the col
umn suddenly slopped and, as if by mag-
Under Fire at Fort Fisher.
PIGHTING BOB (a name, by the
way, to which Rear Admiral
Rob'.ey D. Evans objects) has
written h:s memoirs. He calls
them "A Sailor's Leg; Reminis
cences of Forty Years of Naval Life."
The lmblisbers are L>. Appletcn & Co. of
New York, v ' -. ,.
No more picturesque and entertaining
book has been issued for a long time.
Admiral Evans has been in active sea
tervice since the begin ni:ijj of the Civil
"War. lie distinguished himself at the
capture at Kcrt. >i.sh«.r In 1*5. where ho
«us severe! v v. ouiided. He v.as an im
jmrtant actor 'in the battle of Santiago,
on July 3, 1j>»S. Between these two great
episodes in his career he was never idle.
Born In Floyd County. Va., August 11.
3W7, the di-alh of las father, when he was
10 years eld. threw . him -on his own re
eourccs. He went to Washington, and
there made the acquaintance of William.
11. Hooper. Congressional delegate from
Utah Territcry. Hooper gave him an ap
pointment to the naval academy at An
napolis, but in order to qualify for the
appointment a year's residence in the
Territory was a necessity. Of his resi
dence in Utah he gives many interesting
description?. Evans s ,entered the naval
academy In WJ. and reported on board
the training ship Constitution. On the
outbreak of the Civil War his mother de
manded that he should resign, come
South and tight fcr h!s State, but it did
not t-eem to him that this course was im
perative. His next younger brother en
listed at the age of 14 in the Washington
ArtilU ry, ;ind went to . the front under
Pelhani*. so that there was one member
of the family on each side: "which was a
fair <iivis!cn if he saw his duty in that
*Roblev concluded to stick to "the old
flag" and let his family ties look after
them wive, and so informed his mother,
¦who was much grieved and shamed by
hi? <!et<>rroinatioin. She finally wrote his
resignation, sent it to the Navy Depart
ment whore it was accepted, and without
p-evir.us warm"- g he found himself out
of the service, despite his determination
°Capta:n C. R. P. Rodgers. however, tel
egraphed to Washington explaining mat
ters and he was reinstated.
His mother, thinking she had finally
disposed of the matter, went to Richmond
tv nurse his brother, who had been badly
wounded, and there waited for Robley to
loin h«r. She wns «rreatly disappointed
•when fhe found that hrr plan had mis
carried, and wrct'; him a very severe let
ter. The brother fought gallantly, was
twice wounds, and served till the end of
th»» war. Unlike other members of the
familv, he never showed any bitterness
sgainst Robley. After some years his
mother charged her views and fully for
gave her son before she died.
11
FORTY YEARS
IN UNCLE SAM'S
NAVYmod cmn>AT cali*
12SAN .'FRANCISCO,;, SWDAY^JIJNI^
VOLUME XC-KO. 2.
PRIGE. FIVE GENTS. :
Brilliant Audience, Including Many Distinguished People,
Witnesses Drill by: the Corps of Golden Gate Gdm
mandery and Applauds W^^^0^i^^^0^M>
LOCAL KNIGHTS TEMPLAR HOLD
A SPLENDID REVIEW IN HONOR
OF GRAND COMMANDER McKEE
double cross and the circles, also the
cbjlque ' movements. ' This ; corps has en
tered for the competitive' drill to be had
at the triennial ' conclave In Louisville,
Ky., rext August. The first part of the
programme; closed with a' dress parade to
Colonel F. W. Euirmer, past commander
and past grand commander "of the State.
After the dismissal ( of ; the Sir knights'
there was, a dance, which lasted- until
midnight. ¦* -,
General.p'allcsi pfwRelations Between Her Country and
America and} 'GbrnmentsvUppn^
MADAME WU IS PROUD OF HER
HUSBAND'S MEMORIAL ADDRESS
AT TOMB OF GENERAL GRANT
Continued on Page Sixteen./
HOSPITALS , FILIiED
Vw'.'WlTH THE WOUNDED
Be v ol vers Freely Used During '' th e
Rioting at — * Corunna/;
, * ' Spain. * / ; '
CORUNNA, . Spain,' June" L— The " riotinff
here yesterday had. more^ serious J results
than at first' supposed.*^' T-wo" men arid brie"
woman were killed and the hospitals" are
filled with Many arrests, have
been made. 'The rioters 'used revolvers
freely.^....-: :..„. ..,-s-....-, ...: .^ ...,, ;... ¦. .¦
fc-r|-^HERE was a brilliant audience of
1 ladies and centlemen in the Me-.
1 1 chanlcs' Pavilion last ' night to
¦^-*" -witness the revlewr tendere^l bj
'^ Golden Gate Commandery No. 16,
Kriights Templar, and Its drill corps
to Right Eminent Sir George But
terfield McKee, grand commander of
CsJifornla. The audience filled all
the seats . in the main hall ; and
nearly all those in the galleries. The
space set apart for the grand commander
end a number of especially invited guests
was occupied by the officer named, by the
xnost eminent g-rand master of the order
cf the temple in the United States, Reu
ben Hedley Lloyd; Adjutant General Sea
mans and. staff; Colonel Thomas F.
O'Nell of the First Infantry. N. G. C. his
staff and the officers of the" regiment;
Colonel George W. Bauer -of the Univer
sity Cadets and staff; Captain Thomas A-
Nerney, commander, and a number of
the officers of the Naval Militia; Lieuten
ant Governor Jacob H. Neff, and some of
the vsjst commanders.
All the military officers were In uniform
and the sir knights in the showy uniform
of the Templars. Many elegantly dressed
ladies also occupied seats . in • that space,
anfi added brilliancy to the scene. The
rising rows on the sides of the hall .were
filled with beautiful and richly " dressed
ladles and their escorts. The^ Pavilion
vas devoid of decorations^exceptlng , the
American flag, which hung In the western
end, end a patriotic Templar remarked
that It was the grandest decoration that
could be displayed in any meeting place.
Organization of the Battalions.
After BeveraJ selections by- Cassasa'e
military band there came the organiza
tion of the battalions of the commandery
us loUow«:
In.comiriand— H. D. Loveland, eminent com
mander. Staff— R. E. Sir William O. Gould, R.
E. Sir John F. Merrill, R. E. Sir F. W. Sum
ner, E. Sir James IL Hatch, E. Sir Franklin
Dalten, E. Sir Andrew G. Booth, E. Sir Carlos
G. Young, E. Sir William Edwards. E.,Sir A.
B. von Wefelsburg. E. Sir Charles L.' Field.
j Adjutant — E. S. Bean, past commander. Staff j
— E.^ Sir Joseph Kirk Firth. *E. Sir George D. i
dark, E. Sir Charles H. Murphy. E. Sir Jona
than M. Peel, E. Sir Charles L. Patton. E. Sir
J. C. Campbell. E. Sir Robert McMillan, K.
Sir J. M. Gassaway, E. Sir J. J. Crawford. .
Sergeant major— Sir George- R. Armstrong. .
»Band— Cassasa'S' military, band. Sir Charles
Cassasa. ¦
Battalion commaiidf^-E. Sir William Ed
wards. . ¦ . '.^.": ¦ ' \
First. cemmandery— Sir R.B. Moore,. captain
reneral;>Slr C. Hellwig, senior warden; Sir S.
E. X>ent. ' junior warden. "¦ . ;'«._• . ' •
i Second commandery— Sir R. ¦ W. ; , Campbell;
captala general; Sir J. G. Spauldlng,' senior
warden; Sir, J. Bennett. Junior warden.- •• • .'
Third commandery— E. . Sir Robert J McMillan, :
captain general ; ¦ Sir W. S. Miller, senior war
den; Blr C. P. Overton, junior warden. '
< Drill" corps— E. Sir William Edwards, captain
general;.. Sir R. B. Moore, senior warden; ¦ Sir
E. S. Bean, junior warden.: • - - .
Review Before Grand Commander. .
Tills was followed by the march of the
battalion under command of H.D. Love- :
land, eminent commander, which passed
In review before the grand commander.
Then' followed a ; review tendered . to the
commander , of the commandery, after
which there, was the event of the evening
'— the drill by the crack corps' of the State j
'under command of Past Commander,Col
'onel* "William Edwards. . .The many • and .
Intricate -evolutionsVof -the , Templar^ drill
were executed* In < a manner that was al
most 1 without fault and won; the plaudits
of elir. particularly that 'portion of ,-the
drill that .'introduced, the . single .and
H. D. . Loveland. eminent commander; R. B.
Mpore, general tssi mo; Robert W. Campbell,
captain general; William Edwards,! command
ant of drill corps; R. B. Moore, senior warden;
K. S. 'Bean, Junior warden ; - John | R. Altkcn,
George S. ; Andrus, • George R. Armstrong, II. G.
Armstrong, | I>ouls Arzner, Robert Ash," C. ' S.
Benedict, John Bennett, John Blller, J. Black
Dr. E. R. Bryant, F. P. Buller, C. D. Bunker,'
H.- C. Bunker, A. E. Buckingham. R. N. Car
ton, George D. Clark,' Vi'.'. H. Cllne, W. H.
Crlm, Thomas G. Crothers, E. B. Cutter, G.
L. Darling:, Robert Day, A. S.'J. de Guerre, A.
J. de Lamare, E. F. Delger, C. C.Dow, It. C.
Emerj'. G. M. Franks, T. J.' Frazer, Theodore
Frolich, H. M.- Fuhrman, C. L,: Gage. W. S.
Gage. Kred Gehret. G.-s.. Gilbert Jr.; John Gil
son, _ "William Glinderman, H.-B.' Hale,' A.
Hanselma'n, T. D. Hardie, T. V. Harris, 6' L
Haskell, C. Helwig/S. J. Hendy, H. S Huch
ings/t-C.; Jost Jr., C. O. Johnson. S. • U Lent,'
George W. Lipman. ¦ Thomas Lock-wood, H. D.
Loveland, James Madison, C. V. Manner,' W, 7 S.
Miller,' E. M.Moores.R; H. Mowbray,' C. h!
Murphy,' William McKay, ' Dr. A. ¦ W. McKen
xte, Robert ; McMillan, iC P. Overton, ; Mark
Parish, J.' M. Peel. S. H. Perkins, William R.
Phillips, M. Ryan.' W.'H.- Smith, A. C. Soule,"
J. G. Spaulding." L. ! E.' Sjiear, W: C. Stafford,
Edward Stephenson, J. - C. ' Strach'an," F.' W*.
Sumner. H." A." Tausslg, George Thompson, c!
Toohey. r H. P. Umbeen. E. J. .VogelAGeorge E.'
Walsh; XV. F. Waterson, : Louis TV'elnmann " j'
M. Wilkins, W. C.i Wise, Martin White, A. B*
Wood and S:;T.'rTouhe.'.
' The officers and members of Golden
Gate Commandery are as follows: . i /
GRAND COMMANDER OF THE KNIGHTS ; TEMPLAR OF CALIFORNIA , AND THE VARIOUS COMMANDERIES
DRILLING AT MECHANICS' .PAVILION IN HIS HONOR AND BEFORE A VAST THRONG OF SPECTATORS
IN WHICH WERE INCLUDED MANY DISTINGUISHED PERSONS. »
country" and -the • States^ ' ' 1 4 knew
in advance - what 's tlie* address I was - to i be
. "» Ho" Yow* and; other ; * members" of . his of
i ficial faniiiy met Madaiie ; Wu at the. Oak-'
land ; mole with -^carriages,- and; entering
these the i party .was ; screened, from .the
gaze of the' curious during the trip across
th'e.bay.V' ' ' : '. ' •.- :.-:i ..'i'_. :. " J-'.-.' ;^ \ '•>¦¦,
Madame i;Wu r .was . very;; much • fatigued
by the. Journey, more. particularly as ; she
Buffered from . mal ; de mer j and , was .' able
'to"-' eat* but little; during! the trip. 1 'How
ever.'I after, a ; few. " hoursVlrest,' she ; gra
-ciously \ consented 4 tVgtvej.The ,Cal^an\in
terview.V^ In,, the "course ; of her^conversa
tlonlshe '.expressed^ repeatedly her ¦ - deep'
friendship t for^. Americans ' and . I her
iightVthat^the'.'reiatioris.of herown^counV
try/and 3 the ; ,Urited: States were j entirely
1 amicable and ; tha.t "the X; recent ,", troubles
had ¦ served 'to , draw ; the ; two j governments
closer "together.-:? V*. --•.¦- '•¦¦'- ¦';.¦ '¦''--*¦ >: • .'-»¦
. jread • in 'the '-pape'rsT- yesterday \'my
husband's' remarks^ at "the tomb ; of ? Gen
eral "Grant," Madame * Wu ' said,' "and ; the
pleasant comments^ upon 'his address..-; I
felt^very proud "-and; happy jthat my >hus;
band 'should be [instrumental- In- deepening'
the; friendly ; feeling; between ;¦ our-;: own"
'; The 1-^ Consul , -General's
guest arrived yesterday noon,, direct from
Washington*. with *.but ; a . few^ hours': ( stop
In Cnlcago to.break the monotony of [con
tinuous travel ¦ across ¦. the ': continent. " She
traveled In a' private " car /| attended by her
secretary arid; two. servants. only.. • • , . .•; ; ¦'
./ , ; Consulate .General,.' S06; Stock- (
ton street, .the guest ¦ of |^her j husband's
nephew, Ho r i'c.w,'^the.. Consul, -General.
She • !s the wife of .Wu ' } Ting *Farig,-,the*
brilliant diplomats who , : so : ably ; represents
the 'imperial;. ;<cvernment lipf.L. ..China" vat
Washington; and is. herself the most:not
ed woman of her' face In' America." . ¦ :.'. ¦"-.
'' H\ KT '¦ Ar)AME i ! wu » - a; gentle, * digni
-]t\dr\ . n 5 a '.woman .with;! kiuilineas'
II W:\\ ~ A from; her; countenance,
- /~, is domiciled .at. the " ; Chinese
•and I am very- happy that it struck a re
l sponsive 'chord. • .- '
¦\ : i :^/ Glad of. Friendly • Belations. r ...
¦*' "Aside '. from ; my desire^ to "see China at
peace^ with '•" ail f the world, I am particu
larly ; glad * to see' closer., relations with,
America'' established^ 1 Duringi"my three
years' -'residence , In .Washington, 'I : have
learned, to "admire your people "arid ' your
Institutions. . Ir havb many-dear friends
In Washington now, though I could speak
no ' English -.when . I came to . America a
little, -more' than- three- years" ago.:' '¦' »• '
; "When t we^ first ;. learned - of ; the ; Boxer
uprising and the peril of ; the legations^ at
Peking we -felt' Very uneasy.*, -We did all
we could bath. to help Chlria'-'escape,- Its
peril and- to : relieve" the strained situation.
My* husband andil Vre deeply' grateful j for
the of , the American; Government
from ' the^beglrinlngjof the ; trying time.
All ; the o'ther 'powers ..will « find
,it to 'their advantage': to -fiollow- the just
and ' magnanimous • example * of . the
States in its treatment of the. unfortunate
situation; at Peking 'and 'in 'th'e^ provinces.
Admires Freedom "of Our , Women." "
-;. "The^women ; of the .diplomatic corps at
Washington ' have ; been ; very/ kind ; to me, J
and > I; flnd " much te admire in the greater"
freedom your^ women , enjoy/ ¦ The ': women
of .'my ; country^ ought ; to • have more "free
dom: '-,1'do not know, much about the^ben
: efits ' to" be " expected^ from \ closer; cbmmer
clal relations with 'America,' but I am sure
there \wiil\ be^manyJadyantageV gained .in'
social v life;;? particularly ' for,* our '- "wbmenj
And?^1 may" find* things to 1
be v sa!ned;'fr«^mfburrcivi_llMtionL'\-"*" ' T "
. j '•My^on j remalried ; in" l Washlngton. "7 Ju?t
the ? - dayj before ll •;- left 1 1 >'sawllthe • annual
drill^6f Ihe agademy'.in^ .Georjretb wn which'
he.2 attelnds. V; I j am '< anxious f oV him* to" 1 , be'
educated • here ' arid"; trained as ; a/spec!allst'
In ' some I line, '¦ depending i upon '•: the"; incli
nation he mayJdeyelop/r'At'pVeaent'ne'lias*
a: taste for military,' training, rand if it
lasts I , am^wjUing - that ' he '; be 'trained 'for
the''army.T:J '- )_• -- -l-'i">"- -. "• '" - -'.' '•"-'"Vt.'.^T"
WIFE OV.THE;CHINESE MINISTER AT WASHINGTON.' WU TING . FANG, AND . HER HUSBAND'S NEPHEW, >
; ; CONSUL GENERAL HO .YOW, WHOSE GUEST SHE WILL" BE DURING A' FORTNIGHT'S VISIT WITH HER
i : PEOPLE IN SAN FRANCISCO. '•' - . ,.''-, - ,'
Sentiment^of 'the l Law-Abiding Ele
¦ "ment in Modocj County/;,.-; . «">
! : -, ALTUftAS, "^Jurie L^-Except In the vicin
ity of Lookout'; the action of the" mob. that
lynched V the • Halls fand * Yantia u is . con
demned, throughout this section.*,' Even at
the scene " ''of Z the -* trage'dy," •'. where ''tor.
months - 1 the ¦ populace * ; has been ' highly
wrought . up , by I the ; incessant : activity of
the = five - sneak: thieves, ? there ?fare^ many,
who ¦would openly, denounce , the ' lynching*
did J they, but^ dare. : i( * ' ;' ¦.'¦;'- ''¦< "_Y> " :
l\ Though ¦ he was a "sauaw-man"' Calvin*^
Hall was a person of some prominence in
the . community.?'' In > ' times ; past ' he • has
beena'f actor in ¦ politics^ and ' he . was oiice
considered ;, well- to-do. - : ' He," was a man '. of
considerable" education.". \ His ~ half-breed
sons h'aid •' a' : coinon; school education, ¦¦ and;
one '< of them ; had :¦ a 1 '.wife arid * ! family.
DEPLORE THE LYNCHING.
gan a fight for , his life. v He was over
powered, and dragged ¦ on the ground j to
the bridge. . The track ;made by his body
was clearly seen in 'the morning, and - a
piece of his shirt was found on a. sharp
projecting rock over : which ¦ he had been
dragged. '..'' , ' \' j : : ; < .. .
• On arriving. at the. main bridge the ropes
(were tied .to the railing and the bodies
thrown ever.' . , Their" legs «had not j been
bound together,' and ' that • they struggled
violently wns evident by the fact that the
ropes burned' ridges In the railing. It is
said they ., were all dead 'three minutes
alter they w"ere thrown over. -In the case
of old man Hall the rope was 30 long that
his feet touch ed r the ground, and he slow
ly cheked to*- death.;;;'- ' ;,.,
• . Saw, ths Kob at .Work. .
. Five new wagon' spokes were found near
the hotel) which were * evidently, used as
"weapons' by : the mob. . A;' sheep herder
named Parks 'occupied a room directly
over the office and, was awakened by the
noise made, by the vigilantes. He looked
through a stovepipe hole and saw them at
woik. V , HeVrays they looked 1 to him like a
lot , cf ; barley sacks' with; arms sticking
out. . He', feared 'to.godown at .the -time,
x but as soon • as -the j mob left 'he" dressed
himself .' arid ~. f ollbyred " In . the direction T it
took. .On arriving at the bridge ¦ the; mob
was nowhere to ; be seen and . the doomed
men *; had , ceased : to , struggle. - 1«, ifr?
¦ LOOKOUT, June 1.— Obtrude benches in
the United Workman* building rest' the
bodies of. old Calvin ' Hallj- his three sons
and his son-in-law,.' victims of the"; fury
of a Modoc County " mobi;- .< Not 'until late
last night were, the ropes by. whlch.they
were suspended, f our from the Pitt , River
bridge' and the fifth from a smaller. bridge"
nearer, town, ' severed • and ; the ¦ corpses . re
moved to town and "placed under, cover.-
Pending the '¦_ a'rri val of ; count jr*ofncers i
f rorn . Alturas, . the county seat,; no one
cared , to, tatfe upon, himself -the res'ponsi-.
bility of rescuing the bodies of the five
thieves an*; conveying, them to^an im-.
provlsed morgue. So throughout all of
yesterday the corpses swung in^the wind,
a ghastly spectacle for -the. curious who
came for miles around to view the work;
of the lynch&rs. .,>"> •
Sheriff B. B. Street, District Attorney E.
.C Bonner, Court Reporter, C B. Dean and
Coroner Pierce reached Lookout late
last night.' As soon as they arrived the
five bodies were cut down and' removed
to the United Workmen ' building. Dr.
Llnsman ' was summoned f rom' Adin to
to conduct" the post mortem examination
and Attorney Auble went from Adin to as
sist the District Attorney. A .Coroner's
jury ! was summoned and ; this morning
the inquest was begun. , • ;'
¦¦-'•. , Jury ' 'Accuses No 'One.; . ; ' j
: The Coroner's Jury finished its labors at
J o'clock this > afternoon and * rendered a
verdlctUhat "the dece'ased^came totheir
deaths'by. hanging- by
the Jury, "i The 'jury wascompos'ed; of.>tb'e
'., 't pHowIng:X Sam'.Har'vey^-V Clark^Harvey,
Lev'eriton; R> IS: Levehto'n^n'd' 'E?S/ Trow
' bridge^- -f' T: ; ; T..:.-~"* *" ¦;:'t-"'
» Justice Meyers,: who conducts the -hotel
at ".Lookout, Constable- Ervlri Carpenter
, and:. Deputies. _Brjow.n'.and^Goye.UP._,the
two guards who had charge of the prison
ers.' were the only ? witnesses examined.
The testimony showed that the mob; came
¦upon them so silently, that they -heard
nothing until the door cf the office opened.
Revolvers were immediately pointed at
the officers and .the prisoners were ,se'
cured, 1 taken to the bridge and hanged."
The men then dispersed as silently and as
quickly as they approached.
'. Brutality of the Execution. -
' From other sources it Is learned that
the lynchers; used now rcpe.; The knots
had been prepared before they entered the
hotel and each knot was greased so 'that
[the rope would slip through easily! The
vigilantes all had burlap sacks over their
heads.! '] It took twenty-five minutes, from
the time they entered the . hotel 'until they
had secured the /.prisoners and!- left .with
them, and In four minutes -more the men'
were all- hanging under ' thi^ two; bridges.
The prisoners • were ' gagged arid Hheir.
hands tied "behind them, 1 but it appears
that Frank' Hall 'freed his hands and be-
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
Brutality Maxl^Lynich
: ihg;of thejHallsand ¦
'r-l-Yantis.^: < '¦,.¦
Modoc Vigilantes >.Tort\ire the
, * Wretches Being \ Led to
'Execution.^
Coroner's .-¦ Jury Hears. TTnimportant
: Testimony and Returns Non— .
Committal Verdict." . . .
MOB DRAGS
ONE VICTIM
BY THE NECK
U WILLEMSTAD, Curacoa, June ' L—
President » Castro of • Venezuela has dis
missed ' Senor ; Galavis, » the . Attorney Gen- '
eral,- because; of bis opinion on the last
Judgment 'in; the -case of the New York.
and -Bermudese "Asphalt Company .
;*¦': President Castro's ¦Wrath.
sular corps.!-. A great ; demonstration .was
made throughout the city. The Deputies
passed a resolution in favor of the annex
ation.of the. Island to Greece. -*. "'
¦-CANEA," Island - of Crete, June 1. —
'Prince George of Greece; the High Com
missioner, the session of the As
sembly, to-day in the presence of the con-
Crete Wants Annexation.
: - There will be > no official : receptions at
the consulate. $ but ! Madame*' Wu : will, re
ceive vthe ; Chinese- residents^ informally
during' her. visit, ; and they) will . probably
arrange, a public', reception in -her honor.
• : Wu Ting Fang 1 " the husband of Madams
Wu,- Is probably the most brilliant man In
the diplomatic corps at-Washington. So
popular Is he both in his official capacity
and as an ' after-dinner speaker that when
' his ' term ~ot : three , years . expired , in last
April his 'Government responded to pub
lic _ sentiment * at " Washington and reap
polnted him,. In violation of, its estab
lished rule. Before his appointment to
the post, at Washington Wu Ting Fang
was adviser to the Chinese ' Foreign Of
' flcel ¦•¦•: He built the first Imperial railroad
In: China, from Tientsin to ' Peking, ; and
later; was made manager of the imperial
railway system. Madame Wu is regarded
as a worthy helpmeet of her brilliant hus
band. .0 But 4 with all. her strength of char
acter and grasp of intellect her kindliness
of spirit" still .seems ; the* "most marked
characteristic.- of,- this i cultured little
woman .from the. Orient. ,;» 1 .
seems. delightful to me. I
shall probably f visit here several weeks,
and I may possibly spend the summer la
a 1 visit :to .China and Japan." »
-"i
Pages 13 to 22
O
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
1111111WELL-KNOWN YOUNG COUPLE
MARRIED - BY ARCHBISHOP .
RIORDAN YESTERDAY. ;
' . , . — — ¦' : — ?
ROME, June 1.— Cardinal Gibbons has
been feeling indisposed and contemplates
a course of the waters at Carlsbad or
Vichy, but Dr. Lapponi and. other physi
cians assured him there was no necessity
to do so, and the Cardinal will follow his
original itinerary. He has hosts of vis
itors. \ - -
American Cardinal Is Indisposed.
BOERS' TACTICS
PUZZLE BRITISH
Kitchener's Troops Are
Hurt Worse Than
Their Foes.
Recent Engagements Show
Republicans Are Carrying
Out Bold Plan. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 1. — Everybody may be
heartily sick of the distressing war in
South Africa, but interest' was revived
this week in a most remarkable manner,
when two days ago the papers came out
¦with some three columns of casualties.
Fighting people were aghast. Where
and on what occasion had so many poor
fellows t>een killed and wounded' in ac
tion? Nothing bad been known either
through official reports or newspaper cor
respondents. While it was announced a
long time ago that Lord Kitchener had
determined to keep all movements as se
cret as possible, it was imagined that the
war was dragging wearily along and that
little bad been done. These casualties
have shown that there has been severe
lighting at times and that the captures of
etores and ammunition from the Boers
have not botn made without considerable
loss and determined, dogged resistance on
their part. - .
Part of Well-Laid Plan.
Then came Lord Kitchener's report of
General Dixon's battle with Delarey's
forces, in which, though the Boers were
driven off, the British loss was very much
heavier, evidently, than that of the Boers.
Prom what has transpired in the last
day or two it looks as if these engage
ments have been part of a well denned
plan on the part of the Boers. With
Botha occupying Sir Blndon Blood's at
tention on the east and Kritzinger ex
tremely active In Cape Colony, where he
has made captures useful to his forces,
2>elarey has made this so far successful
attack near Johannesburg" on the anniver
sary of British occupation, killing and
wounding' 174 of th© British ; and getting
away -with comparatively small loss and
not, so far as known, losing any prison
ers or Ktores, bo that if the Boers are offi
cially reported as beaten off, the day can
not be said to have gone to the British.
Questions are being asked. Are the
Boers endeavoring to make their way to
the fertile but difficult regions of Cape
Colony, there to spend the winter? Is De
•wet going to lead them thither? Are
these engagements around Johannesburg
Blmply to draw off Kitchener's attention?
If that be so, the war is very far from
being at an end. .
War Office Reticent.
The reticence of the Government re
garding the battle of Vladfontein and
other military events of some importance
which have recently occurred at widely
separated points in South Africa has led
to considerable anxiety. This is in no
way allayed by the curious answer of the
"War Office to-day to a question regarding
the accuracy or otherwise of the Boer
report that the British under Knox were
defeated near Pretoria, losing forty-six
killed, eighty wounded, 600 prisoners and
six guns. The reply which the War Office
vouchsafed, "We have no official in
formation/.' has aroused some misgivings.
The Sun to-day publishes a sensational
story to the effect that General Botha
has arrived at Standerton and is com
municating by telegraph with Mr. Krug
er, through the Netherlands Government,
appealing to Mr. Kruger to sue for peace.
Lord Kitchener is said to have given
Botha permission to adopt this course.
The Sun further hears that 10,000 Zulus
have gone on the warpath, owing to
Boer raids in Zululand.
Salon A\raxds to Americans.
PARIS, Jirne L— The old salon awards
to Americans are: Painting— Second class
medal to H. Hartwlch. third class medal
to G. H. Mossier, Seymour Thomas and
Miss S. Watklns: honorable mention, Mrs.
MacMonnles. Sculpture— Honorable men
tions, Barnard and Walter.
Anarchists Sail From America.
MARSEILLES, June 1.— It has been as
certained that the two anarchists— one a
Spaniard and the other an Italian — who
were arrested In Madrid on suspicion of
being lmr>Iicated in a regicide plot ar
rived here as steerage passengers from
America May 1L
Draga and Alexander Reconciled.
• BELGRADE, June L— Queen Draga and
King Alexander drove out together to-day
for the first time in weeks. They were
cheered by sympathetic crowds. It is
stated that the Queen is not going abroad
for treatment.
Redding House Burned.
. REDDING. June 1.— Brush and grass
flres on. the outskirts of Redding to-day
caused the destruction of the house of
George Cochran. Several other dwellings
and the County Hospital were saved only
by hard work. .
All the delegates said practically the
same thing.
George G. Ward said: "When we saw the
Queen we could scarcely believe she was
the Queen, she looked so young and
charming. Both the King and tne Queen
appeared to be in splendid health, and
they certainly were in the best of spirits."
The following is a complete list of those
present: Morris K. Jessup. Lev! P. Mor
ton, Cornelius N. Bliss. J. Pierpont Mor
gan, J. Pierpont Morgan Jr., John. T.
Terry, George Wilson. Isldor Straus. Wlll
iam'Butler Duncan, James Speyer, Foster
Higgins. Eugene Delace, A. Barton-Hep
burn, John I. Waterbury. George G. Ward,
Levi C. Weir, William H. Parsons, James
McCreery. J. W. Pinchot, , Vernon H.
Brown, George Bowdoin and W. Bayard
Cutting.
President Morris K. Jessup said: "We
were most warmly welcomed and spent
a most pleasant afternoon. One of the
most pleasant features was the unexpect
ed presence of the Queen. Both she and
the King" are extremely affable. I regard
the - occasion as one that will greatly
strengthen the relations between the two
countries."
Most Warmly Welcomed.
When the audience was over the dele
gates partook of a small feast and re
passed the King and Queen, who were
having tea In the garden. The King stood'
up, took off his hat and bowed his fare
well. The delegates then returned to
London. .
After an inspection of the grounds the
delegates were taken to the east terrace,
whore they were received by" the King.
They were surprised to find that the Queen
was aJso present, for her appearance was
quite unexpected. "With the King' and.
Queen were the P«ncess Victoria and the
children of the liuke and Duchess of
Cornwall and York. Each delegate was
formally presented to both the King and
Queen, shaking- their hands.
This ceremony over, the King asked the
American visitors to replace their hats
on their heads, and both he and the Queen
commenced to chat in the most friendly
way with the little group. The King re
membered meeting previously ¦ William
Butler Duncan and James W. Pinchot,
much to their own astonishment. This
little reminiscence over, the royal party
indulged in small talk regarding the
weather, the King pointing out the beau
ties of Windsor's chestnut trees, and re
ferring to the need the country had for
rain, and so forth. His Majesty regretted
that the state apartments were so upset
as to be Invisible. He apparently avoided
business and politics, beyond reiterating
how glad he was to meet so many well
known men from America.
Delegates Formally Presented.
r ihe King had expressed considerable
curiosity to see what manner of men
these multi-millionaires might be, espe
cially Morgan and Carnegie. As regards
the latter me King was uisappointea, for
Carnegie was unable to be present. From
the King down all the officials concen
trated their attention on Morgan. Their
curiosity was not unmixed with awe. On©
of tho nigh officers of the household hu
morously confessed that an inspection of
the list of visitors made him tremble' lest
Morgan or one of th© other millionaires
should take a fancy to Windsor and buy
It. Apart from this personal point of view
a correspondent was officially informed
by Lord Pelham-Clinton, the master of
the household, that the King regarded
tho presence in England of such a reprer
sentative body of American business men
as highly significant of the close and
friendly relations existing between the
two countries, and in furtherance of that
feeling he was delighted to welcome them
to his castle and make their acquaintance.
LONDON, June 1.— Twenty-two Ameri
can gentlemen dressed in . the deep black
o£ British court . mourning, representing
many millions of money and vast com
mercial IntereoLsj. were the guests of King
Kdward to-day at Windsor. They were
the delegates of the New York Chamber
of Commerce. The visit was arranged by
the London Chamber of Commerce, the
prt-sident of which, Lord Brassey. accom
panied the American party. The visitors
were greatly impressed and pleased • by
their audience with the King, who was
just as interested at meeting them as they
¦were at meeting him. , • -.._''
Delegates Delighted With the
Welcome Extended by
Royal Couple.
New York's Men of
Many Millions Dine.
at Windsor.
KING AND QUEEN
MEET MERCHANTS
DISLOCATED - HIS if SHOULDER.-Jamp
Pontl, a baker, was thrown out of his wagon
yesterday afternoon while driving? on Dupont
street and -suffered a dislocation of the right
shoulder. He was treated by Dr. McElroy and
sent to the Receiving. Hospital.
• Mrs. Cummings Is now in San Fran
cisco. It is announced that she will ap
pear, in a leading role with the TTloronce
Roberts company at the | Alcazar theater
there to-morrow night.
It was left to-be Inferred that Cum
mings had transferred the major part of
his Interest in the fair sex to Miss Hnll.
The marital and dramatic troubles of
the Cummlngses provided material- for
much comment during the early part, of
the Cummlngs season at, the Burbank,
they being due to a three-cornered fracas
in which Cummings, his wife and Laura
Nelson Hall, the company's leading wom
an, figured. ; . .
LOS ANGELES; June $ 1— Blanche
Douglas,; the beautiful girl -wife of .Ralph
Cummlngs, the actor, has. finally left
him, and the Cummlngs' company ' will
know her no more. . v . . <.
Florence Roberts Company in
San Francisco.
Blanche Douglas to Appear With the
actor crraoniTGS and
HIS YOTTNCr WIFE PABT
¦ ROME, June 1. — Queen Helena was ac
couched of a daughter at 9 o'clock this
morning. Both mother % and infant are do
ing well. The Princess 'will be named Y0
landa Margherita. •
Amid' the general congratulations there
is general disappointment at the infant's
sex, though the King Is understood to
have expressed contentment. Salutes
were fired throughout Italy. ¦ \» > . '
The infant's nurse, besides receiving
liberal ¦ pay and a pension, will get $2000
with the baby's tirst tooth, another $2000
when the child is able to , speak, and a
similar sum when the little Princess walks
unsupported. 1 • ' ,'¦
Flags were floated from- the palace and
all the public buildings, 'and the church
bells throughout the country pealed. ! In
the Chamber of Deputies Slgnor Zanar
delll, the Premier, announced the birth of
the Princess, and the House unanimously
voted adjournment -in honor of the event.
The Deputies then proceeded to the pal
ace to offer their congratulations. .
in Italy.
The Birth of a Princess
Causes Reioicmer
QUEEN HELENA
HAS A DAUGHTER
P^T|->a HOMAS PORTER BISHOP and
I Miss Anna Voorhies were quietly
I ' married at 3' o'clock yesterday
11 . afternoon by His Grace Arch
bishop Riordan, at the episcopal
residence, in the presence of the members
of the families of the bride and groom.
The bride was unattended. John Zeile
was best man.
After . the ceremony a reception was
held at the home of the bride's parents.
Dr. and Mrs. Voorhies, on - California
street, where several hundred- guests as
sembled to congratulate the happy pair.
The spacious home was aglow with a
wealth of roses. In the main drawing
room American Beauty roses were used
almost exclusively, a pretty and appro
priate compliment to the fair young: bride.
The bride wore an^ elegant gown of
white satin made en train- and trimmed
with old duchesse lace and crystal passe
menterie that had graced the^ gown of the
bride's mother and- all of her married sis
ters. .. /¦ . ¦.. . 1
Mr. and Mrs. Bishop left last evening
for a northern bridal tour. On their re
turn they will occupy a home at Hyde
and Sacramento streets. . ¦
the guards , at McNelll 'Penitentiary > dis
covered, that- the locks on certain cells had
been 'tampered';', with.'^ Last ' night an '; at
tempt" at wholesale ' Jail delivery : v , was
made, but the plot had been discovered
and was * frustrated. \The ; occupants o£
cells Ncs. . 2 ' and .; 3," by . means of ; wooden
keys, , made ; their escape into , the corridor,
where - they lay, - In -, wait ; for : the i night
guard, to -overpower him; j un
lock the cells of /other prisoners and. with
hack saws cut their way to liberty. •>¦>-: >^
* The j two i prisoners « thuss' caught ¦ were
Bruce Kenwrlght, from Alaska, serving a'
sen t ence of fifteen ¦ years .' for manslaugh
ter, and James Moriarity, sentenced to ten
years ¦ for. counterfeiting at • Spokane, t • ..- " -
Penitentiary Inmates , Fail in an At-.
-. ' tempt to Belease - All of - the
Ui$$MZ'>' ,'¦- ;' Prisoners."'.;: '•:;.'- .¦ \ "
' TACOMA,' June : 1.— Several .weeks ago
TTNXOCT: .CfEILIi DOORS . ':¦'¦': ;
; "WITH WOODEN KEYS
RETAIL GROCERS' • PICNIC— Tha thir
tieth annual reunion and picnic of the Retail
Grocers', Protective Association takes place at
Schuetzen Park to-day. Special preparations
have been made for the affair this year and a
pleasant time is assured those who may at
tend. . , ¦ : ¦ ¦¦• ". ¦ • • .
BERLIN, June, 1.— On the occasion of
the parade of the Potsdam garrison, to
day Emperor William conferred on Queen
Wilhelmina the Queen Louise order, in
scribed 1813-1814, and decorated her hus
band, Prince Henry of The Netherlands,
with the order of the Black Eagle. • •
Queen and Prince Decorated.
j • j- * - - -
*> LONDON, June 1. — The officials of the
United States Embassy state that the act
of granting a passport to the Filipino who
applied for one yesterday had to be re
ferred to Washington,"' as it was the first
time-such an application' had been made
by a person of this nationality.
The Filipino desired to travel in Russia
and, though the applicant took the oath
of allegiance to the United States in Span-,
ish and English,' the embassy considered
it advisable to submit the matter by cable
to Washington, as it has frequently done
when passports were requested.- The em
bassy is now awaiting a reply. The appli
cant was quite contented and thanked the
officials of the embassy for ' the 1 action
taken.' 1 ' -•': \ ,. : - . £$ j ¦ .;¦¦ ¦ '. - ¦¦: : ¦'
' I WASHINGTON, June 1.— In answer to
his application for instructions Secretary
Hay has directed Embassador Choate at
London to Issue passports to. the, two Fili
pinos who appeared at the embassy yes
terday "as residents of the Philippine Isl
ands, and as such entitled to the protec
tion of the United States." - ' .
The decision unon this point Is of im
portance, as having perhaps some bear
ing upon the status of the people of the
Philippines, Porto Rico and Guam. , A
year ago the decision was reached to re
card the Porto Rlcana as entitled' to. the
piotectlon conveyed by an American pass
pert, but a formal decision of the test
case was \ prevented v through the with
drawal of the application. The Foraker
act determined the right of Porto Rlcans
aa "citizens of Porto Rico", to the pro
tection of the United States Government.
It Is now 'held that the Spooner law con
veys the same privilege to the Inhabitants
of the Philippines. • ~ , , .
'; The United States statutes prohibit -the
issue of a passport to any but American
citizens., But these later acts, the For
aker act and the Spooner act,' impose ob
ligations in their turn, which -may be re
garded .as ' qualifying"- the . original/ act
and may enable the Government . to avoid
a decision upon the question of American
citizenship of the Islanders. 'At any rate;
the circular instructions in - preparation
which will be sent out to all diplomatic
representatives . •will direct ' them I to issue
not certificates but ' genuine American
passports to the. islanders, v - • - :
Embassador Choate Is
Directed to Isssue
Papers.
FILIPINOS GET
THE PASSPORTS
: BERLIN, June 1.— The visit of Queen
.Wilhelmlna and : her husband, Prince
Henry of the Netherlands, and the mili
tary; and court festivities; were favored
¦with'- exceptionally . fine weather, - though
hot, bringing thousands of foreign guests
to Berlin. Simultaneous with the pres
ence of the- Frencl^ officers many distin
guished strangexs;"including United States
Senator Albert: J. ; Beveridge, lent addi
tional luster and Interest to the different
functions. ; It was remarkable that Gen
eral Bonnal and his suite throughout the
week, wherever, they went, met- with a
courteous reception by the populace, even
by the commonest laborers, when driv
ing through town, parks and other places.
One significant little occurrence was de
scribed by Colonel Gala, who accompanied
General Bonr.a!. The colonel said that
while/driving -past a: group of -asphalt
street- laborers they, all stopped work,
drew up in a military attitude and sa
luted, some of them shouting "Viva la
France, our next ally." •
Emperor "William this week was In con
tinuous, good humor, smiling and return
ing the people's hurrahs. For, a. time the
provisions made for his Majesty's safety
were somewhat relaxed, at his special re
quest. - ~ , . .
'.' It -was -noted that Queen Wilhelmina
yesterday was greeted by the Berliners
with special fervor. She was constantly
bowing and smiling. In court circles the
report that Queen Wilhelmina is in a deli
cate state of health finds credence. It was
noted that very little attention was paid
to her husband, who looked gloomy. The
Emperor seldom addressed him, but fre
quently spoke to the Queen. .. jj
Dazzled by Display of Generals.
It is said that during yesterday even-
Ing's performance at the opera, when the
body of the house was crowded with gen
erals in brilliant uniforms, Queen Wilhel
mina said laughingly, "I did not think
that there' were so many generals in the
world." •
The Germap press this week devoted '
much space to discussion of the relations
between. the United States and Germany.
Correspondence from the United States
has appeared in the Kreuz Zeitung and
other Influential -papers, describing the
"spread of anti-German sentiment in the
United States," some of the correspond
ents going to the length of asserting that
American papers \ are systematically in
flaming the public mind to war against
Germany. The papers here' unanimously
maintain that all the alleged German
plans for the acquisition •, either of coal
ing stations' or • independent colonies in
Central or South America are "sensa
tlonal Inventions."- . -
The Berliner Tageblatt contains, a two
column article in which, partly on -author
ity of a correspondent, partly on state
ments made by a German-Brazilian, and
partly on extracts from the. Brazilian
press telegrams,- the charge is made that
the United States is systematically In
triguing in Brazil against legitimate Ger
man colonial and commercial influences,
poisoning the Brazilians' minds and con
veying- the idea that Germany intends to
go to war and seize Brazil.
Not Against Monroe Doctrine.
The Tageblatt editorially advises the
Foreign Office to more determinedly deny
such charges,- and also prove untrue, the
often-repeated statement that Germany
Intends to disregard . and * destroy the
Monroe doctrine. ---..., ;
Recent cases in which the supreme ju
dicial powers of the imperial court: at
Lelpsic have been denied by the Prussian
and other German courts or litigants are
cited in the Pest and the , necessity Is
pointed out that the Reichstag should
frame a new law bearing upon the ques
tion. * - -. ; -..' •
- The Polish anti-German agitation, espe
cially in Posen and West Prussia, is be
coming steadily more outspoken. . The
Government. is proceeding severely. All
Polish political meetings have . recently
been forbidden. The latest action in this
respect is on the case of Prince Ferdi
nand Radziwlll, leader of the Polish
Reichstag faction, and a brother of Em
peror. William's adjutant general, who
has summoned a gigantic Polish : protest
meeting at. Antonln,. where the Prince's
manorial cast^ is situated.
The International Firemen's Congress
will be held here from June 5 to June 10.
The honorary presidents will be General
Podblelski, Minister of Agriculture; Bar
on von .Rheinbaben, Minister of Finance,
and Baron von Hammerstein, Minister of
the Interior. ~
Emperor William will start on his Nor
wegian trip June 28, Immediately after
the Kiel regattas.
Rev. Dr. Dickie, pastor of the American
church in Bc-rlin. has returned here, after
collecting $45,000 In the United" States.
Thetmoney will be devoted to building a
ntw American church.' . .
Gets Few of Honors
• ¦ ? ¦¦¦' — ' ¦ • *- 3 ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - v • . ¦ ' .
Accorded Queen
WilHelmina^
;/,;.. ? V-y ; *
Germans Greet French Officers
With '* Viva la France, Our \
' ¦ MoVt AlW"
jnoxl Ally.
PRINCE HENRY
LOOKS GLOOMY
• This information, : which is I reliable, dis
poses of previous reports in circulation
at the Navy Department Indicating that
the board had yielded to the "views put
forth by Rear Admiral Schley's partisans
and In order to prevent further discussion
had" definitely determined not to place
Sampson's • portrait on t the ¦ medal. The
- decision : of . the * board was • only reached
yesterday evening and its report is now
carefully I locked up at the department.
Those acquainted with the board's rec
ommendation say that on one side of the
medal is Admiral Sampson's profile, and
on the other ' a: design of a battleship,
probably the Oregon. This medal Is simi
lar in design to that issued to the "officers
and men who participated in the battle of
Manila Bay, the profile of Admiral Dewey
appearing on one side and a bas relief of
the OlymDia'on the other. ;•-. ¦¦.,.•'¦¦-¦;. \:-'\.
•"T Just how the board s was influenced In Its
adoption of the recommendation that Ad
miral'Sampson's; profile be placed on the
.medal" cannot <be; definitely , ascertained,
but'it Is learned. that there was'consider
able discussion as to the propriety of such
action;, and | some | of I the .members of the
board » rather ,thought it 'would be advia
' able to • adopt a ¦ design less calculated to
i keep - the :,¦. Sampson-Schley controversy
alive." c This la; certainly the view of Sec-
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. " N.
"W., WASHINGTON, June 1.— Friends of
Rear Admiral Sampson have been vic
torious in their; efforts * to induce the
riaval , board on awards to recommend 'to*
Secretary Long that the ; profile of that
officer .¦ be „- placed , on ; the : medal to be
awarded to the officers and men, who par
tlcipated in the Santiago campaign.
retary Long, who deprecated any; action
tending to cause a renewal of the discus
sion . which had such an injurious effect
upon the discipline of the service.
Squirrel Hunter's Big Catch.
' VISALIA. June 1.— Thirty-two thousand
squirrel tails" were brought into the
County Clerk's office in this city to-day
from tha ."White River country. This la
the largest number ever brought In by
one squirrel hunter. The bounty on these
tails amounts to $960. . . ¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO MEDALS TO BEAR
ADMIRAL SAHPSON'S PROFILE
' It Is feared by the officials that unles-j"
great care is exercised the United States
will be flooded with Chinese coming in
by way of Porto Rico. Within the past
week* 700 Chinese have landed at Porto
Rico for -transit In bond to' Cuba.- Rail
way companies are responsible for carry
ing these immigrants through the United
States without 'allowing them to stop,
- CALL BUREAU, 1406 "G STREET.. N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 1.— Chinese im
migrants are to be excluded from Porto
Rico as rigidly as from the United
States. Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury Taylor is now arranging to" send
three or more Chinese . inspectors to the
Island to aid customs officials in enforcing
the exclusion law. ; . • -- • ¦
but Treasury officials fear that the ulti
mate destination of many of the Chlnesa
Is Porto Rico.
In order to aid the Inspectors In Porto
Rico and at southern ports of the United
States' in keeping out Chinese from
Cuba, an inspector is to bo sent to that
island with instructions to keep track of
Chinese there and report aa to the desti
nation of all who leave on ships coming
to the United States.
In addition to the Chinese arriving for
transit in bond to Cuba, many hundreds
are reaching San Francisco bouM for
Mexico. These immigrants aru all fcent
through to Mexico under guard, but It is
known that many of them slip across the
border and" re-enter the United States,
and additional precautions are to be
adopted to guard the Mexican border.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STEPS TO PREVENT INVASI0N
OF CHINESE VIA PORTO RICO
; the^sai^;'vfra^ciscq";;^Al
Miss -Anna " Voorhies ' and; Thomas ;j Porter Bishop .Quietly
. Married at GhurcH, arid • After ' Gerefnoriy Receive Con
gratulations From: Many -Friends at the Home
FI RST BRIDE AND GROOM
OF TH E MONTH OF ROSES
14
ADVEB.TISEMENT3. •
FREE TO WEAK MEN.
A New and. Successful Me'hod
• of Restoring Weakeneii Phys-
ical" Powers, Curing Sexual
'Weakness, Nerve. Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality/
The Prescription Is Sent Free to Any-
one Who Writes. ;
A new scientific means of curing weaknesses
of I men', and diseases peculiar to the \ sex has
at | last been J discovered,' : and the prescription
Is being offered free to all who eend name and
address. .' ; , ¦¦ »,', , ¦ , ¦ ¦ • : ..'• .;'. "
, ; - Dr. ; : U. • G. Llpes, . 1135 I Stevenson building.
Indianapolis, Ind. , is tha discoverer of * this
remarkable new system of treatment, and he
says there • Is now no difficulty in curing the
worst . cases which may . arise ' from diseases of
this nature.;." * ¦ l\ ' '. ,_¦¦-. • ..- ¦ .'- : ''- '. ' r ¦
j The Doctor has made a. long study | of Sexual
Disorders and he claims . to have ¦ found . the
exact ; medicine which' removes all traces of
debilitating disease from the human f system,
restores . the flre ' and ' buoyancy of youth, and
supplies the j strength of , body arid nerves j that
all | wish . for. >ut bo few , possess. , Impotency,
nightly; 'emissions, varicocelej nervousness jand
kindred .troubles ¦ disappear^ In". a marvelously
short j space 'of time, . any y weakened • or
emaciated organs I are} restored In ' a very : few
days to ; their," natural; ei*e , and .vigor.: , *¦>.;.' j
', When'" you stop [ to - consider j tho ( possibilities
of loving and being loved as only strong, well
and happy , men j can i be ; It • does seem that ¦ any
sexually ; weak 'man' should ¦ no longer ; hesitate/,
but i write, at ; once * for ; the [ receipt , which I costs
absolutely nothing. \ There c are | no i restrictions
whatever,'; as 'Dr. >; Llpes is anxious ' that every
afflicted ; man", who V needs ) It ' should • have '. the
benefit "of I one j of | his free': prescriptions ( with-
out delay.':: The treatment , can : be used' In ] the
privacy, of 'your own home without the knowl-
edge of even your most Intimate friend or. as-
sociate.' 1 ' /> : ¦'••"' ¦'¦ ¦ ";S*^": •¦'¦¦'"¦ r. ¦•''."¦'*"¦ -' ; .'. ' ."¦¦¦ !v'-;"< "j
% Write and >. learn that , while the ' re-
ceipt* costs you nothing "at all, it "may change
your I whole 1 existence : from one of , misery I to
a continuous life of pleasure and happiness, ~ }
Sick Headache
Results from a bilious habit of the
system which upsets the stomach
at intervals— sometimes of weeks;
days, or. even hours:
Its sufferers know pretty, well
when to expect the next attack.
J Its permanent .cure depends
upon the correction ;of that habit,
and is effected by giving perma-
nent vigor and tone to the whole
digestive- system. : r ; ft ; r ... • '/ .
Tb» medicine to take is Hood's Sarsaparllla.
Ellen Maruire, 280' Angel ' St,\ Providence, R.
I., writes j ''I <¦ half been troubled sick
headaches all my life and nothing did m« any
irood until I began taking Hood's Sarsaparllla,
which geon relieved' me.". , Equally strong tes-
timony in favor'of this great medicine is given
by ' George McCluskey,'. 1342 Clayton .Avenue,'
Denver, Colo., whom It cured of a daily head-
ache. • .' ' ; .
Hood's Sarsapdrilla
Promises to cure and keeps the
promise. Begin to use it at once.
NEW ADVEBTJSEMENTS.
¦ktt.tv THE DANDBXTFT GERM
Or Your Hair WU1 Fall Out Till You
Become Bald.
'Modern science has discovered that dan-
druff is caused by a germ that digs up tha
scalp in scales, as it burrows down to tha
roots of the hair, where it destroys tha
hair's vitality, causing falling hair and.
ultimately, . baldness, 'After "Prof.. Unna,
of .^Hamburg, Germany, discovered tha
dandruff eerm, all. efforts to find a rem-
edy failed until the great laboratory dis-
covery was made which resulted In New.
bro's Herpicjde. - It alone of all -hair
preparations .kills the dandruff grerm.
Without dandruff, hair grows luxuriantly.
"Destroy tha cause, you remov* tb* el-»
feet," - -
¦ - " ' ¦ ' jl;
A SUMi^ TONIC. 1
Pe-ru-na, an appetizer, a Vitalizer and a
Restorer of Worh-Out Women.
MISS MARY GOERBING. of MeJ- have no idea that they ar» caaaed \ry.
ford, Wis.. in a recent letter to The catarrh. jj.^^ g^^
Peruna Medicine Co., says: , Weakness of the nervous system not
"I take great pleasure in acknowledging 1 only oroduces catarrh of tha mucous
the curative powers of Peruna. As a f^-f^-^e^^^l^^^^^:
nerve tonic, a gentle, stimulator to a slug- g^gg of nervous debility, derangements
gish system, as an appetizer and a re- of the stomach, sleeplessness and tired
storer of lost strenjrth and vitality of out feelings.
worn-out women "^«£-«^j.<& f^SlTSSSe^oftl^SnSSBSSSr 'pe* '
"I find it is splendid as a preventive for runa lnv jg 0ra t e3 the system and pro-
catching cold, ar.d whenever I feel us*>d (j uces regular sleep. It builds up the bys*
up, I take a dose or two and it never tern. run down by overwork,
fails to relieve me." — Mary Goerbin;j. Miss ¦ ,, ¦¦
Systemic Catarrh. . Rennie. of Jp ¦ . J^\
Miss Alma Cox. Asst. Postmistress of roilf u] -t flST) ./*fll\\
"I have been a great sufferer from h aTbcen V^^^^^^^Si^ \
Chronic disease and dyspepsia for five V on U de£ I \^ I
years. How I suffered no tonsrue can tell, ful help to *'
I tried eight or ten of the best physicians m e - M V %&£%*.
without receiving much benefit, also tried LJ, 3 conv <4-^^^IS^ V§2Eli-^
lots of patent medicines. But still I s>uf- p i e t e ly T^/ 'tfSHEkV
fered with sick headache, cold feet and run down j £ t F&£r •
hands, palpitation of the heart, and such and I I MT~
a heavy feeling in fny stomach and chest, needed f/.\ *^gh^ fecP
At times I would be so nervous . I could ? on f^ e up MA & - j &* „,,
not bear any one around me. I had been "Peruna l#/»feftgfc»— W¥w
given up to die. . acted like \'fmPMB££\ I
,. n . r • . • - , magic and li«B£S>**fg§gM LA^U"'"- ¦
"One day a friend sent me one of after us- **1\ f \gtrffe '
Dr. Hariman's pamphlets, and i de . [lf e ° : oC^^JT I JW
elded to write to him: . Hsadvised Peruna. ties I felt W lm ¦ ' - "^ 11 Eftflp
and Manalin, and after taking the- medi- my usual /^*^^^^*^^^^X ¦ ; ¦ KjjS^
cine two weeks I felt : greatly relieved. ? e * * and :-—^— •¦ || l^y.
My 'head did not pain me any scarcely, e exce i. > *~"^"**^fej^ . v A
and my stomach was relieved of its heavy lent health /Blftw . Si^ r
feeling-. I am so thankful that I can say e v e r -\^W •• " «jrf
after usins several bottles of the Peruna s * n c V* Jjf)
and Manalln I am restored "to perfect M a r y T ."' ~-^—^l
health - . . ¦ Catarrhal Weakness.
"Before using your remedies I 'j^^^SS^^S^^S^JSS^
could not eat anything, j u ved t on by the various doctors she has consulted
barley. water and Panopeptln for two h^ak^
years. Now I can eat with pleasure. me dicines with no relief, simply because
'Everybody Is so surprised at my Improve- the remedies are not adapted to catarrh.
ment. Every one says I am lokinjr like It is through a mistaken notion as to the-
a rose. I would advise all suffering real nature of the diseases that these
women to take your remedies.; I kno wr if medicines have been recommended to
it were not for Peruna and Manalin I _ _ . . ,»__ « j-,*-.
would have b«en in my grave to-day. I *>*' Hartman's Free Advlc*. ,^
cannot thank you enough for the kind ad- If all women who are suffering with any '
vIpp vnti'hstvp c-ivpn mp "— Miss Alma T form of female weakness would wlte 1o
vice >ou .nave, given. me. -miss Aima Dr Hartman Columbus, Ohio, and give
*- ox - ... ' —. ._. • „-. . ., . him a complete description of th«ir .yaip-
Pelvic Catarrh.. | tomg and the peculiarities of their
Catarrh is a very frequent cause of that troubles, he will . immediately reply with
class of diseases popularly known as fe- complete directions for treatment, free of
male weakness. Catarrh of the pelvic or- ud Beauty," a book written
gans produces such a variety of disagree- especially for women, sent free by l>r.
able and irritating symptoms that many Hartman, President The Hartman Saul-
people— in fact,: the majority of people— tarium, Columbus. Ohio.
V : W for tliis Week \
¦ tiff ., A . more than ordinary saving on drugs andlk
#< toilet articles if you buy this week— before Saturday!
//A- ni g"t, June 8th. *, yKV
W Hires Root Beer 2 for 15c Glycerine a Dint bottfe \*>, Vto
H, v Rejulxr ao ccatt etch. , ql , .. r im "OlUC OOC l \\
If. Homeopathic Slltfar of MilK «ue»ujrpure— regular 50 cmu. \m
j\ Granular Phosphate Soda Pozzoni Face Powder 25c Sf
b ¦ V ' F*<MjrJiBr trie* %k cents* « o02D AIIQ Pflclt£F*C 111
W Wood Alcohol pint bottle 20c 1 Tar Soap I cake each for %(\ /« I
\\-Vi HefuUr 5 eer.ti etch, QllArter 10 DOidc 25c JfjjJ
flflfc Raymond's Tooth Powder vjS?y iea 4jJ
vkSl 2 for 25c SL tmo M »p"U. w/l
yH| RepiUr »5 cent*. ' ' rnoiohtto Sod* - ///If ~
A*K \ Open all th« time— Night and Dmy '• y^^\_x / '
A •nv~EB.TIs.Ei.oa. jiH TS.' To inculcate equitable and Just principle* In
trade and to adjust controversies an& misun
derstandings between Its members and gen
erally to secure to its members the benefits
of co-operation in the furtherance of their
legitimate pursuits.
j The directors are the following named :
Henry E. Allen. CIhus SpreckeU, William
Babcock, Thomas Brown, Andrew Carrigan.
Bernard Faymonville, E. W. Hopkins, Leon
Kauffman. G. W. McNcar, Leon Sloss. H. C.
Somers. K. P. Schwenu. F. W. Van Sicklen,
yv. H. Talbot and Fred W. Zelle.
The corporation has no capital stock or
shares," its object not being for pecuniary
profit.
a building and acquiring other necessary
properties. • The object of the association
is stated as follows: , «
BTXKER HILL. AXXIVER8ARY.— The Bun
fcw H:*.'< AssociatSon. Sons of American Revo
lution and California. Pioneers are arranging
a grand celebration to be held at Lob Gato*
on June 17. th? enniv«TJ>ar>* of the battle of
liuik^r Hill. Bunker Hill Park and the town
itself will be decorated for the occasion and
.literary 1 mid musical exercises have been ar
ranped which promise to be exceptionally fine.
Tli^ir demand Is for seven days' pay for
s 4 .x days vrorJc The men are ¦ affiliated
with Bailors Union No. 24. but the French,
Italian and Oerman bakers have separate
meetings of their nationalities, while act-
Irs in conjunction in the one union. At
t&n mettlng at Garibaldi Hall It was re-
Z> ¦rtf-d that there were but eleven union
i of this cla?s at present in opera-
Piion in the city and but four "scabs" at
work. ' ¦: ¦¦ ¦• :
The Journeymen Butchers •will hold a
rreetlrsg at the temple this afternoon to
consider the situation regarding the new
T/a.£<? rchpdu'e which they had asked the
«nrployors to put into effect to-morrow.
This aslcs that all butcher shops shall
close at 5p. m.. giving them a twelve-hour
riay. Other minor regulations as to pay
and overtime according to the class of
each man's work are embodied in the re
<juept.
FTenca and Italian bread will be scarce
throughout the city to-day, for the bakers
those nationalities went out on strike
y<??ter<3ay. They held a meeting in Gari
baldi Hall, later a paxade, and then a
F<HTc:id meeting at the Temple on Turk
strcei. According to the reports of the
offif f r? about 500 men are out on strike.
Hold Parade and Meetings and Claim
That but Few Bakeries Are ,
IXJEEIGN BAZEES JOIN
- . EAUTKS OP THE STEIKEES
.. . ¦ .-•¦-.. . - ¦.- . .
berg. •¦ ' .'
Graduates of Ninth; grade — Stella Baclgalupi,
May Humphreys, Marie Lambert, Adeline
Luchetti. Mollie Murphy, Rmroa Nicolal, Kath
erlne Nicolal, Stella. Perata, Tessie r ahey, Ed
ward Lynch, George Anderson, Ferdinand Cla
vere, Abel Chaponot, Joseph Dap.eri. Joseph
De Rose, Clarence Drucker. Solomon Gro«n,
Otto Hoffmann, Robert Lockyer, Paul iledus,
John Twisselmann. John McKenna, James Mc-
Kenzie. Charier Patterson. Romeo P«Ietlerri,
Jules Provost, William Rahe, Fred Roskampf,
Joseph Stagnaro, Harry Scheibli and John
Toomey; Miss MV Fiala, teacher. .
and women who had completed the course
ot study In the ."Washington Evening
School, Miss P. M. Nolan, prlnclDal. re
ceived their doplomas last night and bade
farawell -to^ thair.alma mater. The grad
uation exercises were especially Interest
ing. They aptly Illustrated the progress
made by the pupils in their various stud
ies. Senator George C. Perkins present
ed the diplomas to the graduates of the
ninth grade. He highly -complimented
the pupils for attending school after their
day's work had been completed, and eulo
gized the board of education and the
teachers of the school for offering such
excellent opportunities for the children of
the working class to acquire an educa
tion.
Judge William P. Lawlor delivered the
High School certificates of promotion and
James Denman conferred . the Denman
and Washington medals, while Cecil W.
Mark presented the Bridge medals. The
following is a Ust of the medalist and the
graduates:
Bridge medalists— Harry Se!:eibli, Clarence
Drucker and Joules Provost.
j Washington medalists— Mollie Murphy; a;id
G*orpe Anderson.
Denman medalist — Stella Bacieralupl.
I High Bchool class— Dr. F. Fischer (teacher),
i Edward Adelaeck, Henry Bacher, P<»t<*r Herg,
¦ Gerald Catania, Joseph Catania. Seymour
i DaviF, Robert Dellwig, Albert Hassmcr, Gus
IbsoiKT, Attlllo S. Musante. Tomwjke Tauae
i mitsu, William'" Nodder, Hynek Poswa, Charles
I Randall, Irwln Rothman and Andrew Suni-
"WASHTN'GTOir EVENING
SCHOOL HOI«DS EXERCISES
An unusually large class of young men
The following , communication has been
reoelved by the Merchants' Association
from Mayor Phelan, in reply to the asso
ciation's gift to the city of an appliance
for handling .. crowds during celebrations:
Gentlemen:- It have the honor, on behalf of
the city and county 'of San Francisco, ¦ to thank
the Merchants' Association for ' the generous
gift of the . appliance for guarding the .'streets
during parades and celebrations. • Its ' use j is a
valuable aid. to preserve order, and is a practi
cal evidence of the benefits conferred on the
city in many ways by: the Merchants' Associa
tion. • with ¦ whom the . city ' government Is • al
wa.vs nJ eased to co-operate. • ¦ ? ~
Thanks Merchants' Association.
PITTSBUR.G, June 1.— Discussion • of
the report of the committee on secret so
cities took up nearly. the entire morning
session of ttie Reformed- Presbyterian
Synod of* America. The resolutions in re
gard to labor unions were subjected to
some argument, especially this one: ;
"We look upon membership. in many of
these <unions, as at present organized and
controlled, " as dangerous, and warn our
members against joining any. union which
has an Immoral obligation to keep invio
late, as long as there remain the rules
and regulations the issue, of which he is
necessarily ignorant of."
Several speakers, including Ex-Moderat
or Foster/denounced labor unions, assert
ing that they did not leave a free field for
labor, held their meetings on Sunday and
that they are pernicious In their influence
and wrong in principle. The sign of a
labor organization was called "the mark
of the beast" by Dr. T. P. Robb of
Sharon^ Iowa,
The Revs. J. W. Carlisle of Newburg,
N. • Y.; J. C. McFeeters and T. P.
Stephenson .opposed the resolutions,
claiming that they favored the capitalists
and that the laboring classes were forced
to organize for protection. A standing
vote to recommit the resolutions and
have them made stronger was then car
ried by a vote of 71 to 54. The committee,
after a few . minutes'. " consideration,
changed the resolutions to read as fol
lows: \ • . . •
That 'we reWfflrm our testimony asainst all
secret oath-boOQd societies, and that we regard
membership ln^moBt-of the. labor and trades
unions as at present organized and controlled
as dangerous, and remind our members that
the law of Christ forbids joining any labor
union which has either a moral obligation or
a promise to keep inviolate "as long as life
remains" any rites or regulations the issue
of which he is necessarily ignorant of. f
Before the recommitment of the resolu
tion was adopted, the order of the day
was called for. The. discussion will be
continued Monday morning. The report
of the trustees of Geneva College showed
215 students enrolled during the year and
24 graduates. The endowment fund
amounts to $127,000. .-• .
Reformed Presbyterian
Synod Delegates Dis
] cuss Labor.
DECLARE UNIONS
ARE PERNICIOUS
HJ. McCOT, general -secretary
of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association, and Miss
3 Fannie Elizabeth — Crowell
were united in marriage
yesterday at the home of the bride's par
ents, 3320 Seventeenth street. The cere
: mony was performed by Bishop Hamil
ton of the M. E. church, assisted by Rev.
William Rader, pastor of the Third Con
! gfegaiional Church, of which the bride
I is a member.
: It was intended to be a quiet home
wedding, yet .the beautifully decorated
parlors were crowded with relatives and
immediate friends and the officers of the
local and Stat3 organization of the Y. M.
C. A. • -
The presents were /lumerous and cost
ly. - Notably among them were a com
plete set of silverware from the directors
cf the association, a punch bowl and
stand from the Woman's Auxiliary, and
a ceramic cofCee sot from the employes.
Immediately aftery the ceremony the
happy couple left for the. East on the 6
o'clock overland train. Mr. McCoy is a
delegate, to the World's. Jubilee Conven
tion of the association, which is to be
held in Boston, June 11 to 17. Mr. and
Mrs. McCoy will visit the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo and several other
important cities. They expect to be gone
about two months and on their return
they will reside -at 2401 Fulton . street,
Berkeley.
Mr. McCoy has been for twenty years
the general secretary of the San Fran
cisco Young Men's Christian Association.
Prior to coming here, he was for nine
years secretary at Lowell, Mass. He has
had much to do with the framing of the
policy and success of the organization
which he represents. Miss Crowell has
also been connected with the association
work for fifteen years as stenographer,
and at the last meetlng^of . the board of
directors resolutions were passed most
the misunderstanding with the "Washing
ton Government, but generally admits the
possibility of a wrong construction being
put upon the amendment by the explana
tions and interpretations, and that it will
be best for tho convention to' take up
the question Immediately and accept the
amendment as passed by Congress.
La Lucha says that S5 per cent of the
people favor this, but the delegates are
at a loss what to do. Some claim that
the United States Is not acting in good
faith, as it was most improbable that the
Washington authorities did not know
what the convention was doing and what
was the nature of the report to be sub
mitted. They further say that a major
ity of the Committee on Relations told
them thax the amendment as accepted
would be satisfactory to the United States
and that they had the assurances of
General Wood and Secretary Root to
this effect The members of the Com
mittee on Relations will say nothing re
garding this point other than that they,
too, thought it would be satisfactory.
Secret sessions and absence of stenog
raphers make it impossible for even the
delegates themselves to set things aright.
Regarding the controversy which will
arise later as to who is responsible, tha
cr/rjvention will place the responsibility on
the committee, and they. It is said, will
blame General Wood and Secretary Root.
An effort is being made to-day by some of
the conserva-tlves to avoid this crisis .by
asking the convention to adjourn for a
month. In the meanwhile having the mu
nicipalities petition the convention to 'pass
the original amendment. Several munici
palities have already taken that action,
and it is thought that others will fall into
line.
The municipal election passed off quiet
ly. The Nationalists claim the election
of Senor Gener. their candidate for Mayor,
and a majority of the Council.
The city engineer has disapproved of
the bid for the sewerage and paving of
Havana by Onderdonk, MacLellan &
Dady of New Tork on the ground that the
amount specified Is too large.
The mortgage decree went Into effect
to-day Owners of all plantations where
mills were burned were granted an exten
pion of four years in which to pay off
their mortgages, but others must settle
immediately. : : . .' \
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 1 — The re
ports from outside municipalities show a
general victory for the Nationalists, but
in the citv both parties claim to have won.
The Republicans showed.; unexpected
strength, though probably not enough to
elect thtir candidates. The Nationalists
make charges of illegal voting. The
streets are filled with frenzied partisans,
cheering their favorite candidates. Over
100 arrest? were made during the day, but
there was no serious disorder, though one
small riot occurred in front of th« Jail.
The rioters, however, were dispersed by a
charge of twenty of the rural police.
Much bitterness Is expressed because of
the American supervision of the municipal
elections.
Small Riot Occurs in Santi
ago During the City
Election.
¦ ¦ . *
HAVANA, June 1.— The- press deplores
Misunderstanding With
the United States Is
Deplored.
CUBANS ARE NOW
IN A QUANDARY
ing ahead and collecting duties with the
practical certainty that they will have to
V-e refunded as soon as the case can be
carried up and decided by the Supreme
Cc^jrt." :[-. ••¦¦.;?-¦¦¦.¦ - ¦-. '. •¦;. ¦ , : ;'..
CHICAGO. June 1_— The Record-Herald
•vein pay to-morrow under date of Wash
inFton: "The Supreme Court has another
Furvrijse In store for the country. Unless
it changes Its mind between now and Oc
tober, the date of its next meeting, the
court trill decide the Philippine caae In
favor of the Government. It will be an
other decision by a divided bench and
upon most extraordinary grounds, to wit:
"L That the United States has never de
clared Its Intention to retain the Philip
pine archipelago Indefinitely, and the only
declaration of policy made was In the
other direction, looking toward a mere
temporary occupation, the United States
being a sort of trustee for the people of
the Philippine*, as It was the trustee for
the people of Cuba. '
"2. That In any event at the time the
¦duty complained of (on fourteen diamond
rings) was collected the Philippines were
not in the actual possession of the United
States, but that the United States was
T^glng war for such possession, and such
control as the United States had was lim
ited to operations of military authority.
"I am informed that the court has actu
ally decided this Philippine or Pepke case
in favor of the Government on the gTound
Just stated, and that both Justices Brown
and White are with the majority."
WASHINGTON, June 1.— There Is more
doubt to-niffht in the minds of members
of the administration as to their power
to collect duties on goods coming from
the Philippines to the United States with
out direct legislation by Congress author
izing such collection. No definite deter
mination will be reached until Attorney
Oeneral Knox submits his written opin
ion on the decisions of the Supreme Court,
Ivjt whether or not the collection of du
ties at present Is valid, it is doubted
whether any duties can be collected when
rivil government has been Instituted !n
the Philippines. There could then be no
contention that the Philippines had not
Parsed into complete possession of the
Vn'.ted States, which is believed to be the
distinction in the minds of the Supreme
Court Justices between the status of the
''Islands and that of Porto Rico at the
-. '.me when the pending Philippine case
y. rose. The Philippines would then be In
substantially lhe same relation to the
I'nited States as regard? customs duties
;is Porto Rico was at the time the De
I^ima case arose. :
The theory that the President can im
.pose a tariff on goods coming: from tne
Philippines into the United States under
the authority of the Spooner amendment
to the army appropriation bill does not
receive much support, and unless the At
torney General finally determines that
this can be done the administration will
have the alternative of calling an extra
session of Congress and postponing the
establishment of civil government or go-
the Government's Con
tention.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
Supreme Court Decision
in Philippine Case
Expected.
Justices Reported to Favor
UNCLE SAM WILL
WIN THE CASE
the Young Men's ; Christian Association of This City Are
Made Husband and Wife— Valuable Presents Received
SECRETARY H. J. McCOY
BECOMES A BENEDICT
Miss Fannie Elizabeth Crowell and the Popular Executive of
PASTOR CHOOSES
A LIVE THEME
:;»i-.-*-;:.\ - - . . ¦. .-"•¦¦'; ¦ '
The Rev. Baker Will Ad-
dress Young Men of
theOity.
Subjects of the Preachers in
the Various Churches
The Rev. F.K. Baker, pastor of the
First M. EL Church, -will address a meet
ing for young men in .the auditorium of
the Y. M. C. A. this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
His subject will be "The Young Hero of
a Big City." ... "
The Rev. F. S. Ford of the First Chris
tian Church will preach. this morning on
"The Judgment of the Church," and in
the evening: the children's day services
will be held.
. Burt Estes Howard of Stanford Univer
sity will occupy the pulpit of the First
Unitarian Church this morning. -He will
preach on "A Religion for Man."
The Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on a theological subject, and in
the evening • will discuss "A Message to
Young men.-' ¦ ;. '
The Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
rco-ming on "Our Friend in Heaven."
-The Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational ~ Church | will ¦ preach this
evening on "The Home of Jesus and- Its
Influence." ¦ ¦ . -. ' .
"God the Only Cause and Creator" will
be the topic at the First Church of Christ,
Sc;entist, this morning. • . '• -'
The Rev. John A. B. ' "Wilson of, the
Howard-street M. E. Church will preach
this morning on "The Spirit of Progress."
The Rev. W. M. Woodward of the Ep
viorth.M. E. Church -will preach this
evening on "The Living Christ."
The Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller of the Cen
tral M. E. Church will preach this morn
ing on • "A • Worldly Princess Contrasted
With the .King's Daughter."
The Rev. A. E. Ulrich of the Richmond
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on "Abraham's Call, ' and in the evening
on "Lessons From the Cross."
The Rev. Frank K. Baker will preach
tlils morning to the congregation . of the
First M. B. Church on "The Church's
Sure Guarantee of Success,'.' and in the
evening on "The Books to be Opened."
The Rev. J. N. Beard of Trinity M.
E. Church will preach 'this morning on
"The Footprints of Jelsus," and In the
evening on "Heart Issues."
The Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning • on' "President - ; McKinley's
Speech Enforced."- •
The monthly musical service of Simpson
M. E. Church will be held thjs evening.
A splendid . programme will .be rendered
bv a large chorus under the" direction of
I. E. Blake.
The monthly musical service of Grace
Episcopal Church will be held this even
ing.
The pulpit of the A. M. E. Zion Church
v/Ill be occupied morning and evening by
the Rev. H. L. McK.enny of Knoxville.- -
¦ At the solemn mass to be celebrated In
the Church of St. Mary the Virgin this
morning Rev. J. S. Motodo, Ph.D., presi
dent of the standing- committee of the dio
cese cf Tohyo, Japan, and head master
ot St. Paul's School, will preach.
Tiles Articles of Incorporation Set
ting Forth Objects and Pur
poses of the. Institution.
Articles of incorporation, of the Mer
chants' Association of San Francisco were
filed yesterday. The incorporators"are the
following named:
Thomas Brown. William H. Crocker, ; E. "W.
Hopkins. Bernard Faymonville. Andrew Carrl
gan Lecn Ploss, Claus Spreckels,- Leon Kauft
man, George Tourny, ..William Babcock. A.
Gerberdinp, W. E. Mighell. Henry Rosenfeld,
Fred W. Zeile, A. E. Hughes, H. C. Somers,
H H. Taylor. K. Guthrie Jr-.^Max Brooks, F.
W t'a.n Sicklen, G. W. McNear, E. B. Pond.
Henry F. Allen, W. Ceikel, W. H. Talbot and
R. P. Schwerln.
~ The association purposes establishing a
Merchants' Exchange in the city, erecting
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
PUTS ITSELF ON EECORD
GENERAL SECRETARY OF
THE LOCAL Y. M. C. A. AND
HIS BRIDE. • .
BOATS CAPSIZE
AND LIVES LOST
Roadstead.
i --•¦" '
Meager News of Acci
9 dent in the [ Acajutla ,
Large "Wharf Facilities and
Railroads Planned for .
Ecuador.; -
"; • , .... ,-; . •¦.-/¦- ;•-::, - '
I The < South American Steamship Com
pany's . Palena' brought news yesterday of
what may later prove to have. been a ter
rible disaster at Acajutla.. The steamship
Is from South and Central American ports
and on May 17,' was anchored In. the road-,
stead off Acajutla. v Near; her were aa
otiored the Pacific Mall Company's steam
ship San Juan and- the Mexican gunboat
Ivy. ',- It . was," blowing hard at., the time
aj:ill a boat • was lowered from the San
Juan and manned while ; a few minutes
later" one was put in the water from the
gunboat.""' ' ¦ - . '. ' . "-, .'•'
As near as Captain Moon of the Palena
could make .out -the boat from the Ivy
was taking 'an, officer ashore; while the
one from the San Juan was taking Colonel
John Stewart, .the Mail Company's agent,
ashore. ~ Colonel Stewart had boarded the
San Juan the night . before ¦ and . was un
able i to land i before on account of . the
storm...; The gale had v subsided somewhat
during the night' and . the colonel determ
ined to make the attempt to reach shore.
One - of : the ship's " officers and four men
manned the boat and all. went well until
the -San- Juan's boat and the , Ivy's boat
were near the* beach. /Then those on the
Palena saw an. Immense .breaker rolling
in toward the shore. . . It caught the Ivy's
boat "and threw it against the San Juan's
boat and both were polled over and over
and finally disappeared. The San Juan
was on her way to Panama and will not
get back here until the 18th inst., when
the particulars of the ' disaster will be
learned. *.-- .'»..¦--
Captain Moon signaled the steamer sev
eral times while he remained at Acajutla
but could -not learn anything further.
Captain Robertson promised to telegraph
him at one. of the Mexican ports but the
message must have missed him. Captain
'Moon is very much afraid that not a soul
In either boat was saved.
The cabin passengers on the Palena
were: - . .
From ValDaraiso— Robert Williams. ' From
Guayaquil — Edward M«isner and F. Olivan.
From Mollendo— James Gold ing. From Callao—
Francis J. Prentis, Delight Prentis. From Pa
nama—Margaret F. Perrier,- William Dates.
Henry K. Gardiner. From Punta Arenas-
Thomas Gerens. From Corinto— Thomas Staf
ford. From San Jose— Angel Pena, C. P. . Col
lena," Julia Collena, Octavia Pena, Emella
Pena, Oscar Thiel, Louis ¦ Jacoby, Jose A.
Jacoby. From Puerto Angel— Juan Ruth, Max
Schluter, Dolores ¦- Schluter, Maria Schluter.
From Mazatlan— N. Vlvants. .-..¦• .
The steamship Adato is now nine days
out from this port for Guayaquil with an
enormous cargo of lumber and the steam
ship Victoria due to-day from Puget
Sound is to load railroad ties for the same
port.
"In another three years Guayaquil will
be the finest port in South America," said
P Olivan on the steamship Palena yes
terday. "A wharf 1500 feet long is to be
built "in the Guayas River and from it
piers will - radiate. It will be built on a
solid foundation and will be traversed its
entire length by a railroad. It will have
facilities for discharging 1500 tons of
freight in twelve hours- and will be up to
date in every respect. Martin Reinberg &
Co. have the contract and they forfeit
$100,000 a year for every year over three
thev take to finish the job.
"The railroad from Guayaquil to Quito
is also to be completed in three * years
but the work on it will- be very, tedious
i as it is all up hill. American people have
botuicontracts^and I believe nearly all
the material will go from San Francisco.
The iron and machinery for the rolling
stock will probably go from (New York."
Besides her cabin passengers the Palena
brought nine Chinese in transit for, Hong
kong. , <¦ - : '- :
complimentary to her in the ¦ important
part, she has,. borne, in., the , work,-* % '
i Mr.: and .-Mrs.", McCoy ex
tending their . trip- to- Europe, ...but- have
decided to return- as soon .as; possible,
that the effort of raising the balance of
the indebtedness on the association
property this year may be continued. It
was announced that live thousand dollars
had been received for this-, purpose at the
meeting of the directors last Monday
night, this subscription" being from a
friendVin New York City.
In the German Empire the percentage
of persons living in cities of over lOO.DOO
inhabitants has increased from 7.4 per.cent
in 1S82 to 16.17 per cent in 1900.
THE^ SAN ffJIASr CISCO -';CALliv-'SimDff;;;JUp:;:2 > ;"l9pii;'
15
¦¦'¦ ,/'K-v^ ; :•'.-'•::;•"¦. i ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. %• ... ; ¦" ¦¦'¦> :
A Constitutidnai Affection; !
Sprays, washes, powders, salves, medicated ;:^/TO^iw^^V v^^^^
tobacco and cigarettes, however long and persistently 1 f .
used, <io not cure Catarrh. They relieve temporarily VyJ^^^tWU\Vv^O> '
the inflamnation in the throat and nose, and enable
-oa to breathe more easily and freely, but the con- .\^^p|M\ M^aS^W%«^
rash of impure blood to these parts keeps tip " j^M^teKp^^SJf^,
Che irritation and ulthnately produces ulceration of W^^^M^S^f/ J/^^M&Jf
the glands, when the breath becomes exceedingly. Sj^^^^tg^^y^^^^T '
ofTer.sive and the soft bones of the nose are f ntquently
destroyed. The catarrhal inflammation extends over As^fJBSLt" 3 *^ 8 "* 4> .
the entire surface of the mucous membrane, < *or inner skin ; the Ktomach, kidneys,
and lungs are often involved ; the whole system soon becomes affected by the rapid
absorption of poisonous matter into the blood, and the disease that you had hoped
to cure with, simple local remedies, assumes a dangerous form.
I had Catarrh' about 15 years, and, J I had Catarrh so bad was entirely
tried durinff the time everything I could deaf in one ear, and all the inside
hear of bxit nothing: <Hd. me any good. of my nose and part of tho bone
At last I canoe to the conclusion that sloughed off. The physicians srave
Catarrh must be a blood disease, and me up as incurable. I determined to
decided to give S. S. S. a trial. I could try S. S. 3., and begran to improve at
see a littlo improvement from the first onoe. It seemed to g-et at the seat of
bonie and continned it three or four the disease, and after a few weeks'
mcTnth" or -until I "was cured. Save treatment I was entirely cured, and
not taken anything for six years, and for more than soven years have had
am in-t as well as I ever was*— SL MAT- no si*n of tho disease.— UBS. JOSE-
SOxT££e™, Klch. PHINE POLHTLL, Due West, S. O.
Catarrh is a constitutional disease — a blood disease which is frequently
inherited, and only a blood medicine, such as S. S. S., can remove the hereditary
taint, destroy the poisons that have been accumulating in the system for years
perhaps and restore the blood to a healthy and pure condition. The inflamed
membranes and diseased glands are healed by the nch, pure blood which is carried
to them, and the offensive discharges from the nose, and the terrible headache and '
neuraMc pains cease. Chronic cases of the most desperate character and apparent-
ly hopeless, have been cured completely and permanently by the use of S. S. S. .
Write our physicians fully about your case and they will cheerfully assist you
bv their advice. We charge nothing whatever for this service. Book free on/
application. THE T SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
!• F?i3'tt?T?-' T^aTV ')Vl ::i F5M" Don't Pay a Gent Until |
| Jf;- t\^HiC i *J iTld^i o You Are Entirely Cured, j
B /^^v e You Suffering From Varicocele, Nervous De- s
b bilit y' Losses of Vital Power, Loss of Ambi- 1
I tion, .Early Decay? I Want No Pay Till I Cure .1
EJ W' i H >ffl \- \n How many men are suffering miseries for the want of a simple remedy! They do not g
m ¦,..-¦'. m | m i\ \ \ ii ve - they simply exist. In th* faces of thousands can be read the story of a wasted life „
S '. W\l«i "A Wj. i, \ and'bliKhted hopes: joys and pleasures are unknown to them because of the secret waste JJ
~ W 3 ¦ ,.«<•• 'i\ \ which is sapping their vitality. Varicocele, wasting drains, unnatural losses, have ex- ¦
£ mm* ¦*^Wm&**M'- \ hauled Nature's Electrical forces and left them wrecks upon the shores ol Me. Many B
¦ m \ mr „* 4 ¦¦¦%w£lWm>&JMv \ have sought in drugs and patent remedies to relieve their mental and physical suffering. ¦
H i 7 W-- / v 'WfHSmk \ They are soothed for a day or maybe a week, falsely braced up. until, the effects of the B
H W¥ M / 'MMFMMk \ d ug y w adnsoVlike the momentary bracing of whisky, they sink still lower in vitality,; B
9 Hi Ifll f ¦¦^¦B, HlfPkv \ and with hope exhausted, lose confidence in themselves and their -fellow man and de- -,
»• • 17 -MW ¦¦-^m&MMmm^^' 1 cide to abandon all efforts to recover the manly power, feeling that there is no help for g
¦ ¦¦¦ W mi .&? them Man, do not sacrifice yourself in this way^ Do not endure this living death while g
S F MW X^MwMWS -'If Na ture holds out to you relief in the form of Electricity-that vital element of which by £
%'¦¦¦ f **$W ¦¦¦W?/MXy Jf a lifp ot indiscretion and excess you have deprived yourself, tearing down faster than H
n / U\W ,* ¦^¦MMMW ..g&r--- Nature could rebuild In this great restorative— Electricity— there is life and happiness B
BS / / -!WRm^kfii&P**~\ for you. Tt restores lost power to the weak and indifferent, to those whose sense of H
m / Jflf . icWmmm^U ' ifPi pleasure has been dulled; it. builds up the weakened system, and by its vitalizing stlmulat- g
H / -M^M '^)m¥Sv\\ ' W&m&k Ing current makes the blood jump through sluggish veins, increasing the circulation to R
M / I _— T^nraBitaHri 'i I l;i everv part assisting Nature to carry off the impure matter whicn clogs up the wheels of g
h '•¦"/• 'Slimk Y^^W^M^SSmStw '• ' ufe * yo>u are weak and slck don>t depend on doctors or druss any lon^ er - but tr y g
liiwp : ¦ 1 1 . Dr;;.McLaughliii's Electric Belt, . g
H ''IJmllh Hir V '¦/////'"¦ ' M Th«» Product of years of "-study. /the realization of the fondest dreame of the weak and -worn H
M IWimJ W \' '/ •¦ m I u Pis Tnot a toy Belt, but a" powerful, Hfe-glving , Electric appliance, which Is now 5j
H [WSM ¦ ' V, ' ' " m ' recoenized by the highest and best in the medical profession as the only certain means of E
H • \/ Mf restorine Dower to weak nerves and vital organs. The power of Manhood is quickly re- j"
a " \ . MM? , stored bv it and unnatural* losses corrected. Rheumatic pains are quickly dispelled and all ¦
m ' I •* lir / functions of the bodV developed and made strong. It sends the blood with a glad- B
g. V rST '• ¦ some bound through the^ veins, carrying health to -the. body and happiness to the heart ,of JB
H*' \ ¦ -" . ? ''5« - '¦ the despondent sufferer.*^ ¦ .¦ --— . . '« ¦-¦ ./ • ¦ . .. ¦ *S
_ ' I •' ¦» ••"• . ' ¦ ¦ Don't delay try Dr. McLaughUn's Electric BeR. at once, x^o matter wnat alia 3rou, m
a . ¦ . • A , ¦% there is a cure for you in Nature's remedy— Electricity. The greatest cures on record have S
B • ' /\ ':" • ¦¦ \ ''¦¦'•%' % - ' b "en performed by this famous Belt, and it is recognized to-day as the greatest remedial g
B l\ ¦% -¦¦•'¦- aeent known to mankind. It cures every form of , weakness, restores the flre and vigor of ¦
n . "- f /. \ • M. . vou?h cures all forms of Nervous Diseases, Kidney and Bladder Troubles, Rheumatism. 1
g . . - ¦/ M ¦ Ih ' s'"- '•'¦¦¦ Sciatica, Varicccele, Lumbago and many other complaints, after every other known system, ¦
5- • ¦ / ' «¦ ". f v aj -.of medical treatment has failed. S
g the benefit of my experience, you fo^llow my, advice, and If^1 fall come under my care' on this plan, and. I promise to mako g
¦ who is weak and despondent; and u who v is discouraged by the should I hesitate to' make. this offer? Why should m
II it the Happiest event of hla If e when he finds ;Wmself- restored Jo manhooa d^P v y^_ m s | e^y s % r c a u n r |- SUCC ess during twenty years of careful experiment? Why 5
¦ I doubt thesuccess ormy plan. when^I know absolutrty^what by- Belt ¦ w^ w lo^ h °^5* n 5^. n w \ 1 g i * particle of manhood, would refuse to pay for relief Yrom such tor- ¦
¦ your creative organs generate it, whence you never regained i^" >° u n [L^tT h ev drink It 'rp gladly, absorb it and retain it. They expand and develop un- ¦
g My Belt pours electricity/ Into your ; impoverished, nerves/ *o r^° u '5 e e J^^^ h e 1 SJ^.Y 8 stoppe^;.they grow in size and power daily, your step becomes quicker, B
¦ ¦^'•"hrSTSnSnJe^ "f Physlckrmanhood^shines out of 'it; you regain eonlldencV. your courage becomes irresistible. H
S y °Y™,? tnp y eVa8s and lee^ a MAN- vou are CUREDrRESTORED! : MADE OVER! and the 'sun Bhines gladly upon W ur future. "The world ia mine," you H
B!w/^:thipwrie*taitp^"mwa^^j^
¦ as^ Ve J_^ e * T^4^ n » V-S- m. T • If you value your health,' do not accept an Imitation of my Belt- There are many on the market. Old .style, blistering g
¦ _f^* I TXIrilV t scorchers whose only merit is In their ability to burn and scar the flesh, are being offered with a cheap imitation of my g
R^MU 1: I V^ 1^1 * r^SSton Electrode^BuWtis'a sham.,- Don't accept it. The best Is none too; good when, you want ycur health, your man- ¦
¦
¦ .take the other belts ln^trade. , v ;^\ . _,^_ ¦ _ & - w h oadmlres the perfection of physical strength, should read my beautifully -Illustrated * Wok. . It tells^how ¦
S pr»-*=K4C^ ' RiT^r^l^ ?t?SnKtn?lSt anf hlw 1 [Restore it with my , Electric B6U.' I wili;send thfs book closely sealed, free upon request. If you H
n ¦*•¦: A;»V^^?:: •¦— 'V^V"^- are : not the man you should be, consult me to-day.^- :,. .-:.:'.•';¦' * >. 2
»n« Ji/I '"¦ C ¦"* b\n\ 'A I inHI I W 702 Market Street I0 to V
| UV, iVl. -V. /TIC L./\U U II L-l 1^»: Angeles j-Office/ I2Q West "Second Street/ Seattle,^o6'(^lurnbia^trcet.; ¦;. : ,f : ".."i _.,; ¦'^¦- ¦ ; :__<:;• }:. |j
"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦B ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
J*jA#*&J*lfQ22Ja remwly for Gonorrhoe*.
/^^CC«Eb%K! Pio't, erermitorrhoc*,
/xS§7liilto6J»y»^8 Wbl»«. oisitortl du.
fcivft oi»»ni«d 19 chargi , or any inflamm*-
fe%»£ Dot to itrtetcrc. tion, I rlution or nlcer»-
tfe—^7Prt«au eoDt»pon. tion ,{ uncooi mem*
gTT$THEEv*KS CriEWiC'LCa. branee. Kon-Mtringent.
'Brfc?^ T> h « Tf»f" I or sent In plain wrapper
V 2%1^ t^« t7 exprwi, pr«p»id. tat
* 1W « or 3 bottles, f2.73.
»>Q§prv' m CL:to]*i test «a r«4QMl>
gsm CHICMCSTCR'S CNGU8M
•H* 0% W* »»!«« *«b.«ti«Uo a . »o4 bat*.
I'/ r- itr Omu. Buy of jmr Droggut. or ttni 4«. 1*
_V ¦^•'1/ l«mM»U. l«,OOOT«.tlBoni»U. B»I4bj
*^~*«-i an Drogflit*. OkUkaator Chevloal O*_
UmSim, ikUj»p«.. . M*i\*»m 6%<t»rm. PUJXA. M>*Z
: PR, vgHJEES'S BWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITHAIJUffiBACK?
Kidney TnmWc Makes You - Miserable. '
Almost everybody who roads tho news-
papers is sura to know of tho wonderful .
' n ' ji. W , cures made by Dr.i ¦
*'¦¦*¦- — T~]'-r^F I Kilmer's Swamp-Root,!:
J X^J\ ' I *« Pea* kidney, liver!'
fj virSctTi Iz an d bladder remedy, j
" F[fV7 Ls Is the great medl-'
s ri 1 -. v . __ '**£ cal triumph of the nlno-
\\\ I | teenth century; dia- :
\^= s • -. covered after years of
.i )ff = ¦ , _^_ Uy scientific research by ;
Ij* fe- "C^= l 'vl E)r. Kilmer, the eml-, :
II. — *4^g-~- " nent kidney and blad- :
••—^^^^ " der specialist, and is
wonderfully successful In promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Blight's Disease, which is the worst
'form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
just tho remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in privats
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of thi3 paper
who have not already tried it, mayhava a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
offer. In this paper and fCffi*!/
send your address to 5^^!"^^
Or. Kilmer oc Co. v Ding~ ff?^^^ll"^^yf^'*i§MwtrW
hamton, N. Y. • The^^^l^^^
regular fifty cent and Hom»of Swamp-Boot,
dollar sizes are sold by all good druggists.
r ' '
Everybody Needs
of some sort.
** e nave all sorts of
trunks, except poor ones, at
all sorts of prices. Here you
will find the up-to-date
Bureau Trunk,
which is a marvel of convenience.
Dress Suit Cases and Grips and ,
Satchels galore. We offer this week
" an iron'covered trunk, like illustra-
tion, with brass lock and leather
handles, well braced and riveted, for
S2.OO-
Co.
128-132 Em's St.t 6\ KPostoffice Department Makes a Num
ber of Changes and More Pen- ' .
, ' Vsibns Are Issued.
WASHINGTON, June 1.— Thp Postoffice
Department : has issued ' the , following:
Postofflce discontinued: Oregon— Clymer,
Marion County; mail to 'Whiteaker. Post
masters appointed: California — H. E."
Bishop, Manchester, ; Mendocino I County,
vice W. B. Umphrey. removed. Oregon—
R. W. Parker, Salmon, Clakamas County,
vice; William Rosalsky, deceased; J. M.
Anderson, Dairy, Klaraath County, , vice
A. T. Wilson, resigned.; Rural free deliv
ery will . be established July - 1 at Santa
Ana, Orange County, Cal. - THe ; salary of
the Postmaster at Seattle, Wash., is in
creased from '$3500 to: 53600. .
These pensions were'- issued
Calif ornia— Original, Frank Bates, > Los
Angeles,' $8 ;Elrude L. Humoton, Latrobe,
$8. Additional, "Benjamin P. Waldo, Ben
Lomond,* $8. Restoration • and increase,
George R. Goodman. Lakeport,- $6. ~ - In
crease, Charles F.-. Warren, SIml. $12. War
with Spain— Original, VTheodore Tapehorn,
San Francisco, $8. Orearon— Renewal, My
ron S. Fuller, Salem, $6." Increase, Jack
son Knottsi.> Mullno, s $12: '¦ Onisimus'M.
Frink, Phllimarth, $10.'-; Washington— In
crease. Alfred Martin," • Orting, . $12; c Wil
liam McRichmond, Chewelah. $8; Clark
C' Starkweather,: Seattle,. $24. s Original
widows— Harriet C. : Blair; 1 Rockf ord, . $8. •
The Secretary; of ¦ the Treasury - has ap-'
proved?, the ..terms I of .'.the j,' compromise in
the * case > of- «: the Mission - Brewing Com
pany, of !San: ;Francisco,\ charged, with
sending : nut unstamped beer, .viz.r a- pen
alty of $3384. tax evaded,'. $1200 specific pen
alty and all : coats ; and emenaes. r . . v
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MEMPHIS, Tenn., June L-It was with
Joy mingrled with tears that Mrs. Jennie
Fortune Rochester of Los Angeles, Cal.,
and her two pretty daughters, now young
women, werfe reunited this afternoon > at
St. Mary's School, an Episcopal institu
tion in this city, after a separation of
thirteen years. The mother traced the
children from convent to convent, search
ing the United States from Maine to
Georgia and from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific, until at last she located them in
Memphis. The girls- were taken away by
their father thirteen years . ago. They
were then little children.
The Rochester family had lived 'happily
at. Los Angeles. They decided to remove
to San Francisco, and en routs a dissen
sion arose between the husband and wife.
They separated, the children going with
the mother. <On the afternoon of their ar
rival at San Francisco Jhe father disap
peared with the children. . Tha hu»band
was aware of the mother's search utid
after years wrote to his wife that unless
she ceased her efforts to find the children
he would take them across the sea add
ing that they were well" and if she ever
hoped to see -them to give up the search.
F1 nally she Jearned of the convent In'
which they had been'placed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Children Located After
Separation of Thir
teen Years.
TIME REWARDS
MOTHER'S SEARCH
She claims that after her marriage to
Murphy in San Francisco more than ten
years ago his conduct became such that
she had to return to her parents in Kan
sas City with Viola, and that her for
mer husband- followed her, stealing the
child and coming to Los Angeles. She
started in pursuit, caught up with them
here and again lived with Murphy, whose
behavior, again* became unbearable. ' Then
she 1 left for ' Arizona, obtained a divorce
and remarried. . ' ' " ' ..
The 'mother, who : since parting from
Murphy . has again married, claims the
custody of the child by a decree made in
the District Court of Yuma on November
15, 1898, when she was granted a divorce.
Her version is different from that b 'iveii
by Murphy to the District Attorney and
the police. Her name now is Guidin. She
denies the > charge of having led on im
moral life in Arizona,, which Murphv has
circulated about her. ' . . . -
LOS ANGELES, June 1.— "Isn't 3 there
any way I can get my child out of that
Jail?" pitifully asked W\ H. Murphy of
Deputy District Attorney Willis this
afternoon.
Murphy, who seemingly is an honest
and good-hearted workingman, was near
ly frantic over the attempt of his for
mer wife and J. M. Methvin to kidnap
his 10-year-old girl.
Upon the advice of' her attorney, C. A.-
Stevens, the child's mother went to the
Boyd-street School on Friday afternoon
to speak with Mary Viola Murphy. The
permission was granted, and with J. M.
Methvin, who had been hired by her at
torney to assist the mother, the girl was
put into' a cab and' driven to the Arcade
depot. Two of the teachers plucklly pur
sued and the kidnapers left the Arcade
and were lost track of until word was re
ceived last night that they were at Sierra
Madre. There they I were arrested 1 and
brought to Los Angeles this morning.
Methvin was arraigned in the Jus
tice's Court and allowed to go on his
own recognizance. He was formerly 1 a
policeman in Los Angeles and later an oil
inspector. He acted lor Mrs. Murphy in
the capacity of a detective. The woman
Is still in the City Jail. On Monday she
will be arraigned for abduction. The lit
tle girl is in the City Jail, where she will
be kept until the courts decide which of
the parents is entitled to her legal cus
tody. -. . . " • - • ,. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Viola Murphy and Her
Mother Are Kept,
in Duress.
CHILD IN J AIL
WITH KIDNAPER
. .1 Continued from Page Thirteen. •
,
Yantis : married Calvin Hall's daughter,
who, together, with several children, sur
vive him.;": • '.:..... : '/•
It was not expected that the inquest
conducted to-day in Lockout would re
sult in the production of any evidence
that would lead to the conviction • of: any
one who assisted in the lynching.. Fear of
the vengeance the mountaineers. would
wreak upon informers seals the lips of the
more conservative element of the popula
tion who deplore the tragedy of yester
day, while the vigilantes themselves are
not disposed to give any Information that
would place their own necks in jeopardy.
Unless the Governor of the State takes
drastic measures- to bring the. lynchera to
justice it is not likely that there will be
a single arrest as an outgrowth of the
tragedy. ;: '•,•..-<;;.:•.•"¦ -¦¦¦ ¦'¦¦:, ¦¦¦¦,.,
*-By: their failure to act when appealed
to by the citizens of Lookout to suppress
thieving in ithat. vicinity .the- county offi
cials are In some measure to blame .for
the lynching. Three taxpayers of Look
out arrived here last Tuesday to^get the
OJrand;. Jury/ to take some* action against
the Halls and Yantis, but unfortunately
the; Grand 'Jury had adjourned just three
hours before the delegation reached 'Alta
rs'-and could'do'nothing in the matter.
The three i Lookout citizens ¦. then went ¦ to
District' Attorney Bonner • and asked him
to go down and attend to.the affair, and
he replied; that he' was' too busy. ,' They
then went to Judge G. F. Harris of this
place and employed him to round up the
thieves. He agreed to do bo if he could
'get the District Attorney to authorize him
to act. 4 -He was not able to get the ap
pointment, and instead the District Attor
ney appointed C. C. Auble of Adin to in
vestigate the thieving and move for the
punishment of the culprits. v -
Following. a brief inquiry, Calvin Hall,
his three sons and Daniel Yantis, his son
in-law, were arrested on' Saturday on a
warrant issued by Justice of the Peace
J. R. Myers of Lookout. r,The elder Hall's
examination was set for to-day, he-being
charged with petty larceny, while the oth
ers, accused of burglary, were to have
been arraigned next - Monday. The old
man • was . released . on his own recogni
zance, but the others were held under $300
ball each, which they were unable to sup
piy. ¦ ¦ : .*7
Justice Myers is proprietor of thesLook-
When the paity left here on Saturday
it was given a public farewell demonstra
tion. A large part of the men were cow
boys and cattlemen and some of them
sold- their -ranches and cattle; to obtain
money with which to make the venture.
For a time after the announcement was
made to the- members of the Eagle City
Mining Company the tmrty-f our Kansans
who had pinned their faith in their leader
were" as angry as they had before been
trustful.. But they quieted down. None
of^hem? will prosecute Mulligan.
Mulligan has no explanation to offer,
save that already given.
! LIBERAL, Kans., June L— George Mulli
gan, who claimed tc have been robbed of
117,000. in Seattle last night, left here last
Saturday with a company of thirty-four
young men, bound for the Klondike gold
fields. Ho was president of the Eagle
City Placer Gold Mining Company, made
up of Liberal men, and the money he lost
was principally that pa'.d him by the men
In thci company. Each man, before leav
ing, here, paid Mulligan $600, for which he
was- to pay all expenses to ' Eagle J City
and supply provisions for one y^ar. The
men signed contracts for five years' serv
ice, or. until the four mines controlled by
him should be worked out. '
; i SEATTLE, 1 June 1.— Thirty-four discon
solate Kansans sat on. the police head
quarters steps or haunted the office of the
clerk from early dawn until eve to-day.'
Their leader, George Mulligan, president
of the Eagle: City ; Placer Mining Com
pany, had been robbed, r they said,' of
$17,000. They had heard his statement to
that effect and they believed it. 'They
•aid that if/any of the Seattle, public
had any doubts as to the truth of George
Mulligan's statement when- he .told i the
Police Sergeant last night that he. had
been hit on the head and despoiled of
thousands, the public had better ..- taks
their example, for they knew that he was
a man of honor.. '<¦ ,„ ¦ , • ' ,. v
Late in tbe afternoon' Mulligan walked
through the group of his associates that
was seated in 'front of the 1 headquarters.
He said not a won! to any: of them. He
went straight Inside and sought the office
of Chief Meredith. He knocked at the
door and was admitted. He sat down on
the lounge and looked the Chief squarely
in the eye. . .
"Chief," said he, "I lied to you."
"I know that," responded the guardian
of the city's peace.
"Yes," said Mulligan, "it's the first lie I
ever told and I am sick of it. I never was
robbed of that money. I hid it. in my
room. I wanted to try the boys to see' if
they were eood for the Yukon— If they
would stick by me. They are all right.
But I wish that I had never tried the
scheme. I feel sick over it. You will find
part of the money in my overcoat, sewed
In the lining, and a part in the room, hid
den under the carpet." . • ¦'.-
Mulligan's statement was true. The
officers found each and every one of the
seventeen $1000. These they took charge
of with a view of restoring them to their
owners as soon as the affair was settled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Confesses to the Police That
$ 1 7,000 Entrusted to Him
Was Not Stolen. ;,
Klondike Promoter Mul
ligan's Suspicious
Proceeding.
TELLS A FAKE
ROBBERY YARN
After their awful deed of violence was
committed the members of the mob dis
appeared like magic, and within five min
utes after the lynching there was not a
man to be seen near the scene of the
crime. The bodies dangling limply from
the bridge and the culvert were the only
evidences remaining to tell the story of
the tragedy. ¦';'»¦!
Having fastened the ropes the vigi
lantes, without a moment's hesitancy,
without a qualm of conscience or a tithe
of pity for the wretches whose death
they had decreed, ruthlessly pushed their
victims oft the bridge. Each was given a
drop of about eight feet, sufficient In the
case of James Hall and Yantis to break
their necks. The old man and bis young
est son were slowly choked to death.
Having seen the life of Frank Hall
choked out, the mob hurried the four re
maining prisoners on toward the Pitt
River bridge. There again the disposition.
to get through with the work in hand as
quickly as possible was manifested. The
ropes by which the quartet had been led
were made fast to the timbers of the
bridge "While this was being done the
elder Hall wanted to speak, but his
gag was not removed. The prisoners,
from the time they had witnessed the ex
ecution of Frank Hall, appeared to be
dazed by the realization of the fate that
was upon them, but they showed little
cowardice. The • younger lad, Martin, a
boy only 16 years . of age, was from the
outset the coolest of them all, and he
went to his death with the stoicism that
characterizes hJ* mother's race.
tiotel all five .¦were . •
Frank Hall suddenly mada an attempt
to break^ free' from hl3 tormentors. He
was i quickly overpowered, . but he contin
ued to struggle: so despera-tely at each
attempt to drag him forward, that the
vigilantes, thlrstlngr for the lives of their
victims, were < enraged at the delay.
Frank Hall was dragged along- until the
crowd reached a 'small culvert spanning
a ditch at the outskirts of the town. Here
it was decided to put an end to his re
sistance and to the delay it was causing.
The rope noosed about his neck was fast
ened to- the railing- of the culvert and
Hall twas lifted bodily and hurled over
the side. The distance of the drop wa3
not great enough to break his neck, and
he slowly. strangled to death, in-the sight
of the four relatives who were soon to
share his fate. • ¦-. • -
Minister From Siam.
WASHINGTON, June L— The State De
partment has been informed that Phyla
Phetchada has been appointed Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten
tiary from Slain to the United States. Mr.
PhtiLchada will leave' for his post in
June.
National Park Officers Named.
WASHINGTON. June L— Major Louis
A. Craig. Fifteenth Cavalry, U. S. A., has
been designated as acting superintendent
of the Yosemite National Park, and Cap
tain L. C. Andrews of the same regiment
as acting superintendent of the General
.Grant and Sequoia National parks.
MQB DRAGS ONE VICTIM uBY^fi^^ilCK.
THE',' SAN; FBAycisc6^ : CAi^
out Hotel, and his courtroom to >the hotel
office. -That is why:, the .culprits were
confined In the hotel building. ™*-IL®™
kept under guard In the Justice s office,
while Calvin Hall,. who was ™>*to<toreaa,
remained as a guest of the place in order
to be near his sons and son-in-law, one
four prisoners were piarded by Constable
Ervln Carpenter and three deputies, tnat
he had' sworn* In.'" - "'<¦ :". ' ' "** , ,v qt
So quietly was the lynching Planned that
neither the prisoners nor their guards had
the slightest suspicion of danger. Itwas
shortly after 1 o'clock In the morning
when the door of the hotel office was sud
denly burst open and forty- masked men
began filing into the room. Those in tne
van leveled revolvers at the ; guards ana
warned them- to attempt no defense 01
their prisoners. . - > ' „ „,.»
"We don't want any foolishness, .. : said
their • spokesman. "We're going to .take
these coyotes with us,' and you had better
not stand In the way." ." - ' i-
Taken so completely by surprise, tne
deputy, constables— *here were but two
on the" after midnight watcb-rcould offer
no resistance.- One of them, when tne
vigilantes first entered the door, realizing
their mission, did fire a bullet Into the
ceiling in the hope of checking them. and
both of the " officers remonstrated elo
quently against rash- action on trie part
of the Invaders, but with a dozen revol
vers frowning upon, them they did not
press their argument. . . - - . - ¦ ¦ < •
It at once became . apparent that the
mob had planned its work well, for there
was no loss of time. The four prisoners
were seized: end hustled from, the room,
while. several men found their way to the
bedroom occupied by the . elder Hall and
dragged him forth. He was given time
enough to don only his outer garments
and then was hustled along with his sons
and son-in-law. The mob compelled the
guards to go along and take part in the
lynching. . - ,
Later details of the lynching learned to
day give proof that its was excessively
brutal. In front- of the hotel the mob
fastened nooses about the necks, or each
.of its victims and half dragged, halt led
them along Main street toward the large
bridge that spans Pitt. River near the
town. At first the wretches pleaded ag
onizingly for mercy, but • their appeals
were met by taunts and Jeers, while those
having hold of the ropes hauled them this*
way 'and that and occasionally jerked
them from, their feet. After leaving the
. LONDON, June 1.— A parliamentary pa
per Just issued shows the emigration and
immigration from and to the United
Kingdom during the past three years, re
spectively, 168,825 and 62,505. Sixty-rone per
cent of the former went to the United
States. The immigrants were mostly
Jews from Russia, Poland and Roumania.
Greater Improvements than ever before
in the way of construction of roads,
bridges and trails in behalf of the parks
have been planned . for the coming fiscal
vear. At the Yosemite Park the Interior
Department has approved plans for ex
tending the highways to the giant forest,
which heretofore . has been inaccessible
except by trail.
Emigrants From United Kingdom.
GJREEF OVEB, ACCIDENT s ,
, BENDERS HER ; INSANE
Girl Who Killed a Friend at a Pic
• nic • Desires to Commit •
'J;- • ¦Suicide..', ,:¦¦¦';•:
GUTHRIE, O. T.* June 1.— Misa Bishop,
the youngr lady who Accidentally killed a
friend named Nora Wolf rom near Nardln
O. T., last Saturday while at a picnic.* has
become a ravine maniac from broodine
over the tragedy. - - V1 .
It requires the utmost vigilance- of her
friends to prevent f her from committlnir
suicide,^ as , that, she ;¦ says, lg.- the oniv
thing which will avenge the horrible de^d
she committed. She will be taken to the
asylum at Norman for treatment.. ¦ ¦
16
$5 1 A MONTH $5
Fop all diseases medicines free until cured to all who auDlD to Drs. Shores
hefore June 9th, to Drove to the DUhlic of San Francisco and Ylcinltu that Drs.
Shores ;& Shores 1 treatment for catarrh and. all forms of nervous and chronic
diseases is superior to all others.
$5-This Week 0nly-$5
/ .This low rate of $5 a month for all diseases, medicines free, is LIMITED strictly to those who apply this week.
It is made by Drs. Shores & Shores for the distinct purpose of demonstrating to the public that "the Drs. Shores'
treatment" for deafness, catarrh and chronic diseases is the MOST EFFECTIVE treatment in America to-day. Under
this special offer ALL WHO APPLY THIS WEEK will be treated until PERMANENTLY CURED for the
ONE fee of $5 a month. NO OTHER CHARGE OR EXPENSE IN ANY CASE; all medicines free.
$5-Arjply Any Day This Week-$5
This special offer goes into effect AT ONCE, and holds good every day. this week up to Saturday night at 8
o clock, June 8, to ALL who apply. If you are a sufferer from CATARRH or ANY COMPLICATED NERVOUS
OR CHRONIC DISEASE, and want to be cured for the lowest price ever before made by established specialists,
come to Drs. Shores AT ONCE and be cured for. $5, Stop EXPERIMENTING with inexperienced doctors.. D13.
Shores; offer each Week voluntary TESTIMONIALS, from HOME PEOPLE as to their skill and methods asexpert
physicians and specialists.. REMEMBER, under this special offer YOU GET DRS. SHORES' REGULAR $1O
A MONTH TREATMENT FOR £5. Do not delay, but come to Drs. Shores & Shores AT ONCE and take ad-
.... ..vantage., of 4his;. srrand test treatment offer and be cured for the low fee of $5 a month all. Treatment' and medicines
abs,olutely:free.X COME' TQ-DAY. COME MONDAY, COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK.
J^/- CONSULTATION FREE FOR ANY DISEASE. . _ . ,. ; , £5 \ •• i'fjt&S
' •¦¦¦ ¦¦ - •¦ "¦•¦. , * . . ,. . OF NERVOUS AND >TluLJAW rOoTEB, ¦
K^t r f ?t?nl £$; ¥ y ? ome ls ! . n ?2. r ? 1 . and> Oregon. I was advised "I have been a hard working man all my life, but six years ago ray
by my family physician to^ come to Oakland and see if the climate health began to fall. I began to lose ln weight and ln strength and I
™^i?n£Sll^2m. ? me \ as * I ,, h< ? 1 do ? tore f J '2 r elght yeare ln Portland for tad catarrh In the no»e. throat and bronchia! tuhS I had to hawk soit
SL^» T™.1 itS, dO T CtOrS l ? 0U X A^ nA ; but the treatment never and cough a great deal to clear my throat and raise the mucua^Tom the
deemed to do me any good I came to Oakland last March to see If the bronchial tube*. My stomach wai weak, my appetite poo? another*
=ch mailfn^meTe^n^o^.^a,^ ffl ffilL^ if^l^T^^O^^kT^P^^M'B
sleep good now. and I feel that Drs^ Shores', treatment has done wonders "My residence la 240 Clara •treat! £fcn FnLncls?o ¦ and any on# who
: DANGER SIGNALS, ' Of the Ears. '"&> yon hare rumbling m the bowels r •
i.i... otiH "PniTiB 'Am fhfe ' TlftTio'A'r Catarrh extends, from the throat alone the J .' r * le9e ar * ***• " 9V en simple signs lndicaittyj
Acnes antt wms_Are tne l^anger eu8tachlan tubes Into the eare> cau ~^ p^! e^ s « ot * h « "w.jj you have any or.Jrt •
, Signals That YOU Are Sick and tlal or complete deafness. Quickly cured with ° r th « m « s^ 1 * I>rs. Shores now and be cured.
WasH TruntmMit ' Uttle cost , by Drs. Shores". famous treatment. .
JXecaireatment. . "Is ycur. hearing failing?" . • Af «i« ; «5+ n m«>. ¦
¦ Read the following symptoms over carefully. "Do your ears discharger* yjT zae otomacn.
mark those' you feel in your case, and send or i- "I4 the wax drying In your earsr* ' Catarrh of the Stomach is usually caused by
bring them to Drs. Shores and they will tall , "Do you hear better some days than others?" ¦wallowing mucus, which drops down from tha
you .whether you ¦ can be cured FREE OF. "Is your hearing worse when you have a head and throat at night. Quickly cured at
CHARGE. '-' ¦ ¦ ¦ '-- r. ¦'¦ .' . ' • . cold?" ' • little cott by Dr». Shores' famous treatment..
- im,.TT..J ««J rwrh---*. - • 8 Don't nesrlect this until your hearing ls ir- •,"!» there nausea?"
r~ •¦ .; 'y Tne Head and. Inroat. . : reparably destroyed.. Drs. Shores can cure you. "P 0 vo « belch up gas?"
This form ' of ' catarrh la most common— re- . : -: ' J ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦ ' !'^ ro you constipated?"
suiting from nogleoted colds— quickly cured - . Eadney Pisaasa ' Is ycur tonsue coated?"
with little cost by Dra. Shores', famous treat- p A ,,,, f . ln + _. „„„: v , » „. ,. . Do you bloat up after eatlngT'
m-nt - . .. Results in two ways, by taking cold and by 1» there constant bad taste ia the month?"
"Is' your nos« stopped up?" fvf'S 0^ £ * ki^ n f>' 8 , ia separating from Now- ls the time to be permanently cured.
"Does your nose discharger* „ . —L-i*" 1^! 1 .*,, 0 , atarrha l P?^ 0 " 8 which affect all Drs. Shores are curing hundreds every week.
"Is your nose sore and tender?" organs Quickly cured with little cost by. Drs. - ; ..
i '"T« thprp naln in 'front of headr' ¦< - - Shores • famous treatment. , ¦ . , _' . : .•
"Do you haw^to dear the ?h?oatr- '.'»? J 0 ™**?** and feet swell r« , Symptoms of Diseases of the Nervea.
"I« your throat dry In the morning?". . " iL^2 tl n c n e ,'i 01 ".!** n1 ??* "!•,». v i^J Th« majority of nervous diseases are caused
"Do you Bleep with -your mouth open?" . ! ..*¦ * n «* Pfi? •" }?* •""*" ot . tb f,,* ack r • by poisons in the blood. Poison circulating In .
Tou can be easily cured now«£don't let It run ..^wV^ £!S<Fi 5 bad odor? " the blood harasses the brain and nerves, and
into complication. . ¦ "¦ ¦¦¦ , ...';¦ ., ' • "Do vou^hav. tn « T". 7 I*— 8UCh *r™Vtoms as these follow:
- ¦¦¦> •••-...-. __;-' '_. ' . , —. . - .„ A / ou na y t0 get U P often at nightr* r>o you fret elddv'
:. ¦¦¦! ; * The Bronchial Tubes. ;> "I" there ia deposit in urine if left standing^ Is^ your mind dull?
When catarrh of the head or', throat is ?jg£2e "kUllne^w '¦ "cSS no^ Bri * ht# ' ".Are you easily daz'ed? •
neglected or wrongfully treated, it - extends ul8eue . Km ? n e you. Cure it now. . d o you have headache?
I down the 'windpipe into the bronchial tubes, . r TTJ ~ - , , ,' . Are your easily excited?
and after a -while attacks the. lungs. Quickly ¦-. ... Xiiver JLftsease. Do your hands tremble?
cured with little j cost by Drs. Shores' famous ; The 1 Iver is . affected by Catarrhal ' poisons. - Do * 8 your hear * fl , atter .\
treatment. ,' ¦¦¦ , ¦...• 'i extending from ¦ the stomach into the docts^of Are y° u e f slly iTT }^ te4 l
"Have you a coughr'- ; P theliver. • Quickly ; cured with little cost by Aro you always anxious?
"Do you take cold easily?" : ; Drs. Shores' famous treatment. Do your muscles twitch? ,. •
"Have you. pain in the. side?" • . "Do you eet dizzy?" - - - , ' . • Is TOUr temaer irritable?
"Do you raise frothy materials?? ; i, "Have you cold feet?" ¦ - Buffer from sleeplessness?
; "Do you ppit up.llttle cheesy lumpsr* - "Do you feel mlserabler' ' A™ you «""* frightened?
"Do you feel you are growing weakerr' ' ¦ ."Do you get tired easyr* ' ¦ > Does you sleep not refresh you?-
3 Don't risk: neglecting -. these warnings— stop "Do you have hot flushesr"- -¦' • T>o yoa TOfler trom neuralgia?
the disease before it reaches the lungs. - "Are your spirits low, at times V " J}0 you have horrlbIe dreams?. .
: JF6R^i:L^--$5 dohe treatmemt : s's^s'Si,*
: MTV Ffc £? V-." C LI:AriF?C .:¦: *r £7 fJ/Xni^J use of a - symptom . blank they are able to
:¦,¦¦:¦ iC^---': ••.• J^-[7|'1'"I Kf P.'^' ' !^V» nil !•/- 1^ diagnose cases and prescribe for them, and by
MLJ *\ *>-'•**< » *.V^ 1\ ML~4K^ «3r 4kJ 1 1 V-r IV 1— 4±~J% their renorts keep a close watch upon them.
., ;••¦ ' T ~ •¦-¦'-• —•¦> -»-» _1_' : ¦¦"¦ "\"^' - - - '.'.i -:•--.• Patients living in the country may enjoy the'
¦ _^-V . QT-iL *t H I AT Tgjlll irN . .. benefit of Drs. Shores' skill as well as those
;"••:, r; -, lOJr^JELjVw/X.^^.L-J.LlO -L »O, -V;-: • :' »n-the city. Write for symptom blank and
Pemiiiitiy HKtilff V Rfl.fi inWkVY PT' ST :2i n^B" %££FT5ri&X5 B £-*o&^itm^St^-
Office hours— Week days, 9 a.m. to 4 p-m. ; . evenings, 6 to 8 p.m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 13 noon. 1 CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL.
iff mw «fw mwmmmmnrnF
{GREATEST OF JUNE SALES.]
1 Values Unprecedented and Unequaled. 3
: "We hare prepared for record-breaking sales for th.e first week in June. The bargains chronicled ~J
in this advertisement are such as merit your close attention. Sharp price cutting will continue all this s; !
St: week and all who have kept in touch with this store's past marvelous offerings will admit that the val- *j j
g— ues here are unapproachable in every respect. . * -HI
I SPECIAL OFFERING OF EXCEPTIONAL VALUES IN I
I | FINE EMBROIDERIES, HOUSEFURNISHINGS. |
We commenced to preparefor this June sale. of Em- These 'quotations are considerably less than the pres- "^*
broideries just a year ago by placing large orders with «* Prevailing prices. If you haven't already made up
S St CU ma^ctu^ ? , . tta. when^heir dull «a- . &££?£££f?£?£%S??2& 3
g— son commenced. They were glad to take these orders j n every item. . ~ =3|
y— at 1 our own price to keep their help employed for the 600 Hemmed Sheets, 54x90, regular value 45o. Special.... SOe Bach
»- . vi a a _ ?!,-. v— *. .—1..«- .800 Hemmed Sheets. 63x90. regular value BOc. - Special.... 42c Each -^
season, and we are now able to Offer the best values 600 Hemmed Sheets, 72x90, regular value 65o. Special.... 49e Each 12
ever shown in #«mf»rnif1««ri>e at most nonuiar nricen' Hemmed Sheets, 81x90, regular value 65c. Special. ...55c Each 3
<fc _ ever SnOW n in emDrOiaeriCS at most popular prices. BOO Hemmed Sheets. 90x90, regular value 70c. Special. ... SOe Each *^
8^ :•_• _ ¦ _ _ ¦ _, _ . ,. . _. ¦ 100 dozen Plllow Cases, with 3-lnch hem. 45x36, regular - ZSm
SI Cks* TXRD— 25.000 yard* Time Cambric Embrolderle», Edg^ss value 17o. Special .: ¦. 12ttc Each "^*
? 8 !"!. 0 ?*' v soo^ q^ 1!ty i : "TS^^ 6 "' V 1 To 17 '-?*^ 150 dozen Pillow Cases with 3-lnch hem, 60x36, regular -
•^ tern«, •width 2 to i Inches. Good value at 20c On sale at.Oc Yard value'20c. Special '...77... ...'.......? 18c Each *-5
&Z lO r TARD-20.000 yardf Extra Fine Cambric Embroidery. UO down Mlow Ce^'^tt'w'nch he^"M^'Ve^ar^.
Z~ IZiC Edges and Insertions to match, fine quality, elegant pat- value **»• Special 1TH« Each
* terns, -wiath S to E inches; worth 25c yard. On sale at.. 12c Xaxd 145 dozen All Linen Huck Towels, nicely hemmed,,* with red
•fc— — ~~ -«-v«- ,.- «. ~ . », .. borders, size 17x82; worth JL50 a dozen. Special at %C\r> "-•
5^ \Ar* TARD— -18.000 yards very Fine Cambric Embroidery, . f . v Etuoh. 1UC -^
% £* c JSn StSSPStSS. ffSb £*5& ffii fi=^S»Sil^S & SS "I
s^. KCT/-* TARD— 1200 yWds Lawn Allover Tucklngs, revere striped dal at '.. Dozen €J> 1
*}*}**> and hemstitched, dainty patterns suitable for yokesand g5 dozen All Linen German Huck Towels.' hemstitched. 22x44, an Z^*
«fc- "walsta; 22 inches wide; worth S5c yard. On sale at.. ..55c Yard extra heavy Quality, ln white, blue and red borders; Qff« -^
5= 7R r YARD -800 yard. Batiste All Over Tucking*, revere regular value W- 00 doren - s P eclal at " **<* -^"^ =3
C Ow etriped and hemstitched, nice quality. S7 inches- wide, 15 dozen large size Bed Comforters, filled -with the best enow- "^
worth 11.25. On sale at .* 75c Yard flake white cotton and'eovered with pretty sllkoline; <£1-A9 Z3
•»— . worth $1.60 each. Special at : Each-«P1 -^
OC/-» YARD —^1000 yards Laos Insertion and Tucked Lawn All 19 ,»,._-_ iri--. n,,-.nt,. n»i«~^ -n.^ » i i ' i • "^
% S?S ovcr Yokto in vcry vnm patt9rns: w€U t^ sa • ' p«s r*Ku?i^^^^ 3
S^ OnBaJe : ' .......W&c Yard gooi vaJue at j2 00 Special at ............,Each Ol
fc~ <J|.2." YARD— 1200 yards Revere Yoklngs ln "White. Black and 20 dozen Full Size English Marseilles Spreads extra heavy,' in ""*
•^- <3>« Batiste, very popular for waists and suits; worth $1.75. the choicest and very newest designs; well worth $2.60. «rr 1 .9.» "ZSt.
y— On sale at $1.25 Yard Special at Each tpl— — "^
E COUNTRY RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. \ WJ1 }J}^ m 3
%~ purchaee of Ellk _^^S^St^^ jgy J^^± llvUAl Uirtili -^
* tucked ' <"ffecw f*r ¦ accordion p I a 1 t <?d
p and $10 Each. « -. __ — _ » Monday $1,95 Each 3
| TWO GREAT BLACK GOODS BARGAINS. A BIG WASH GOODS SALE. |
•"" For Monday and also Tuesday, if quantity lasts, two- of the Some of the greatest specials offered this season will be
beet Black Goods Values of the season. We secured 20 pieces found in this section to-morrow. There will be no disappoint- irrm
•^- well wearing and extra fine Black Cheviot and Venetians much ments we can promise you. We closed out from an overloaded -^3
9~— below tbe rerular price which we will offer for less than pres- manufacturer, at almost one-half price, over 1500 'pieces EX- — > «
ZZZ ent import price. , TRA HEAVY WHITE CORDED PIQUE, FANCY GRASS -^
S~ Cn Inpti RlarV Phcv'ni An extra heavy quality Black Che- DRESS LINEN and LACE STRIPED GRENADINE, which will Z2
S_ UU'IUUII Clflbn UIICi.Ul viot. Enelish manufacture, war- be sold for less than cost of manufacture. ' . • , _^
•fc: 79c Yardi Worth SI. 25 ™ trf 1 . pu ™ wo °. 1 - •****$* fpong-d u/hitp pinup lAr Yard m Dleces extra heav y whlte corded =^
¦¦J2 ¦ »"» 'BIMJ iiviim Wiiiw ajj^ shrunk; actual value 'TTCfcr' IlllllB rl||UC l*Hi IdlU, an< j fancy striped Plaue Just the -^
g— $125. Special Yard COW WOftll 256 811(1 35C klnd yoU wlU want now for Bklrt8 "^
£ U-M Black Venetian ffl^^^rSft^B-a SgJ!^^^--*^^~fiS.^ s fiS"3
98c Yard, Worth $1.50 S^^M- £$<W%t Grass LF^n 25c Yard
g vaiue at « 50. Special at..^^. Yard «»C W1M UD.D gC I jni. newest j™?^^ reason, in
E 50c ALBATROSS MONDAY- 39c YARD We - °- 8^ al 8ale l^l^iJ^ffi 25c 3
OUG MLDftinU^i munUAI 03C.IMnU, Lace Grenadinps 18c Yard 30 ° ece8 e^ ulslte lace ¦«!>•*
•— We will place on epeclal Bale for Monday only, B0 pieces fine L00B OlCllaUillSa 10b ISIU, Grenadine, a dainty and light sum-. — *»
JJ^T quality All-Wool Albatross, 38 Inches wide, ln colors of cream, . WOrtll 25C ' Iner fabrlc . in solid colors of light _3
¦•^ light blue. pink, lavender, old rose, red, tan, gray. OQ/t ••««• t blue, pink, nlle, lavender. ' 1 Q /¦» -^»
y - cadet and turquoise; the 50c quality. On sale at.. Yard OCF^ yellow, red, navy, white and black. On sale at Yard lOv ""«
I IMMENSE SALE OF SILK AND COTTON WAISTS AND SILK DRESS SKIRTS; W |
; . Last week?s sale was a record-breaker with. us. Most, women have learned now that no matter how •
Uttle the pricing, the garments here are certain.to.be of good- materials, strongly, tastefully and properly
mZZ made. To-morrow's prices will be even lower, and preparations have been made for another week of unpre- "Z2
cedented selling 1 in these departments. . ' ¦¦', , - -^
£$6 AND $7 SILK WAISTS $3.98 EACH READY-TO-WEAR DRESS SKIRTS GRAND GRASS LINEN AND WHlf E ~2
This season's best selling styles $35 AND $30 SKIRTS FOR $20 EACH • LAWN WAISTS. %
z ria\'*. hren frrvra our larce There will be another crowd in this de- The larsest and most exclusive assort- E3
•T ha^ e Dccn select eQ irotn our large to-morrow-values like these are ment of Grass Linen and White- Lawn 12
•E: and extensive stock-you will find foundation •^JS^STSJli'nS 2
fc just the size and color you are look- LklL'wfn whlle the llnes fJ2Z*«- . '
¦fc- ing for — all of them are perfect in samples closed, out from a leading Eastern "1'n CUIDT WAICT QPPPIAI
•¦«nL, n^i^UT ?a.t^iiiiv t^o^* «f manufacturer. There are Taffeta and 1 .1/0111111 .WAIdl OrtOIAL, /^
every particular, taSteiUliy maQe OI Peau de g o i e Skirts, perfect in fit, beau- A waist value that will not be duplicated
S"~ rrnnA Taffeta 'in Viemctirrhintr anrl tlfully trimmed with Liberty ruffles, hem- this season. 50 doz. pretty Shirt Waists, — «" •
gOOa iatteta. in nemstltcnmg ana stltch ' lnR applique trimming: worth the regrular W 25 kind, stylishly made, per- -^
¦^— tucks with BishoO sleeves tf*O 98 from t30 to $35 each. On sale to-morrow. feet fitting-, ln the correct colorings; sizes
JEI _ . ' . . ¦ \ -r, ,cDO your choice at <K*>n o0 K t0 44 - To ¦ ** sold s »«cial at 7R» : t±m
Sfc: To be closed out at... Each^ v Each. *&A\J — Each 4 OC
¦^ O Oil 1/ Olirni H I O not m ' ss to- m or ro } v 's opportunities if you are interested in Silks.
SH «C \ 1 1 K \HKI!lul \ Our Silk Offers always bring big crowds, and we know this will be no -*
g= J OlLBX W I LUlhLU I exception. • =5
E 85c BLACK TAFFETA 69c YARD NOVEL"! Y SILKS $1.00 YARD 1 PEAU DE CYGNE SILK 85c YARD %
¦¦~- 1500 yards Black OilBoiled Swiss Just received 25 pieces New Black The fabric of the hour. Nothing JJ2
Taffeta Silk; a strong, firm quality, and White Striped Taffeta Silks, 24 more appropriate for waists than this
•>- bright and lustrous; silk that cannot inches wide, so much in demand now ideal silk. A soft and well wearing
¦ •- be duplicated anywhere. On sale for summer waists and petticoats, quality, in all the -leading shades. "
Monday special at A~,~ Special value at Cl.OO including black. Onsaleat o__ -^£
Yard O9C ....Yard * * — ../.Yard °5 C 3
ADV^B-TISEBTENTS.
\\ ]/4- off —June Clearance Sale//
\V Tomorrow we start a sale — one of those rare revolutions that stop II
II the profit hands on the millinery dock-rone of those sensational/ 11
11 % off sales that are a week's wonder among the shrewdest merchan : II
1» disers of this dty. If
v : 11 We offer you the full, free choice of every article In the store at. 1 1
II exactly % off last week's prices. \\
II The sale includes all trimmed hats, outing hats, untrimmed hats, YV
if flowers, ornaments, laces— absolutely everything in millinery. 11
If' Commencing tomorrow 75 cents will buy a full dollar's worth here. Ji
(U^n Mmtmym
i r 7?f^S f\*rU.et J[tree \tr* jjWASHINGTON, June 1.— The Navy De
partment received a cablegram from Ad
miral Remey this morning announcing his
departure from Auckland for .Wellington,
K. Z., aboard bis flagship, the Brooklyn, v
- ... • ¦ .¦ -' •-----•¦.,•" ;¦-¦'•
Brooklyn Leaves for Wellington.
WASHINGTON, June L— Brigadier Gen
eiieral Frederick Funston has been . as
signed to command the Fourth District
of the Dei>artment of Northern ¦ Luzon,
with headQuarters at San IsiOro.
Funston Commands a Department.
ages against James A. Beckham Sr. and
James A. Beckham for alleged injury and
humiliation suffered on May 23 last, when
the Beckhams are . charged with having
horsewhipped him. The elder ¦ Beckham
is charged with applying a horsewhip to
Goodman's bare back a hundred' times,
tearing, the flesh and bringing the blood
to the lurface, K while the younger man
threatened him with a shotgun. ' . < . -
-Goodman's, attorneys announce they
Dr. Goodman Demands Money From
* the Relatives of the Woman ',
He Harried. V .
KANSAS CITY, June 1.— Dr. Adolph M.
Goodman' brought suit for- $160,000 dam-
STJIT 'FOB THOUSANDS -
HT HOBSEWHXPFINO CASE
PACIFIC GROVE, June L— The com
mencement exercises, of the Pacific Grove
High; School took place In the Assembly
Hall last night. The^. members of the
class of 1901 are: Misses Gwendolyn Rog
ers. Clara B. Daly, Jessie T. Kay. Mattie
J. Harst, and Mr. George Hoole. The an
nual address to the graduates was deliv
ered by Prof. R. L. Sandwick, principal
of the school.
High School Commencement.
SAN JOSE, June 1.— John T. Donnelly
and OIlie F. Donnelly are now regretting
their hasty flight to Nevada and marriage
In order to evade the California law pro
hibiting divorces from marrying within
a year. Mrs. Donnelly was formerly the
wife of George F. Bennett, and on Sep
tember 14, 1897, she applied for a divorce.
This was granted in >, 1898, and she and
Donnelly went to Reno and were married
on November 15, 1898. Now Donnelly is
tired of the bargain and wants the mar
riage set aside on the ground that.lt ls
of no effect and void, as he married with
in a year after being divorced. There is
no community .property or children.
San Carlos Academy Graduates.
MONTEREY, June 1.— San Carlos Acad
emy of this place closed for the summer
vacation yesterday and commencement
exercises were held "in Bagly's Opera
House. The closing exercises were nota
ble for a creditable presentation of the
historical drama "Marie Antionette," by
the pupils of the school, and for an able
address or. "Christian Education" by Rt.
Rev. George Montgomery, Bishop of the
diocese of Monterey and Los Angeles.
The graduates of the school tbic year
are: Misses Eucarnatlon Serrano, Lupa
Abrego, Anna Sanchez, Catherine Stew
art, Lena Machado, Flora Noon, Mary
Henneken, Sabina Arbanus, Catherine
Boland, Addle Glannlnl, and Messrs.
Lawrence Malarln, Harry Wolter, Philip
Goncalves. ... L . <¦ ¦.,:¦¦'
Wants His Carriage Annulled.
TOPEKA. Kans., June 1.— The Santa Fe
ls beginning Important reconstruction
work on its far western lines. The first,
as announced to-day; ls the relaying of
the track between Barstow and Mojave,
a distance of seventy-one miles, with 75
pound steel rails. The rails now used on
that particular portion of the line are of
56-BOund weight.
, Txie Postal and the Western Union com
panies are each preparing: to string new
wires along the Santa Fe's right of way.
The last named company has always had
a monopoly along the route of the Santa
Fe, but the Postal has now determined to
parallel its opponent and will use Its own
route throughout the entire distance.
When the fact became known to the
Western Union that company determined
to strentch an additional line and thus
have a new outlet to and from the Pa
cific Coast. Neither of these lines has as
yet been started.
Heavy Steel to Be Laid Along tlfe
Line Between Barstow and
Mojave.
SANTA FE !RArLIK)AD
BECON'STRTJCTINQ TRACK
Corpse.
Murderer Brutally Dis
poses of a Woman's
BURIES VICTIM
IN A TRENCH
ernor's Status Now
Questioned.
HONOLULU, May 2ol— The grand jury
called to investigate reports of bribery in
the Legislature is still in session and has
made no report so far. Circuit Judge
Humphreys' has released Attorney Gen
eral Dole and Treasurer Lansing from
testifying, on the ground that all they
had heard on the subject about which
the grand jury questioned them was hear
say, and they had given the names of
those from whcni they received reports.
In the cases og Acting Governor Coop
er and the ex-Superintendent of Public
Works, both of whom were cited to ap
pear before Judge Humphreys and show
cause why they should not answer the
questions put to them, decisions have not
yet been rendered. The grand jury is
calling many witnesses. . It is reported
that its investigations center around the
efforts of liquor men to . defeat the dis
pensary law and proposed legislation
having to do with the granting of fran
chises for the Honolulu Tramway Com
pany and the Honolulu Rapid Transit
and Land Company. . All of the directors
of the latter company have been sum
moned as witnesses.
The Legislature is still in session, con
sidering appropriations. It has received
I a letter from Acting Governor Cooper,
giving new estimates, but the home rul
ers will: probably cut them. They are
now engaged in making heavy cuts in the i
salaries of government officials and
clerks. The House tabled the estimates
of the acting Governor, to await a decis
ion as_to the legality of his status as
acting Governor, a question having
arisen in Judge Humphrey's court as to
his right to occupy such a position. At
torney General Dole has rendered an
opinion that i:e is legally acting Gov
ernor. Governor Dole is still at a
mountain resort and his physician has
ordered him to stay there longer.
Legality of the Acting Gov-
Charges.
Authorities of Honolulu
Busy With Bribery
JURY PROBES
ISLAND SCANDAL
through ', town i to-day en ' route from _ the
Russian River country in Sonoma County,.
Cal., to Glorietta, N. M. It consisted of
three well equipped 'wagons, bearing the
family of an intelligent California Spani
ard named Manuel Armento. The singu
lar ; feature ' of •" the ' family is that there
are eighteen children, all born in pairs
and -each* pair consisting of a boy and a
girl. >/Armento "married 'at" the age of IS
years, is 55 years of age and his wife is
one . year : older.' - He says , there never haa
been a day of sickness ia th» family.
Three Emigrant Wagons Required to
- • Carry a Sonoma . Household on.
- ¦ - •'-< Its Journey. . - -' .
. FRESNO,* 1 . June. , L— A"' cavaran passed
NINE SETS ¦; OF TWINS
r':h\ I" IN A SINGLE -FAMILY
Of 5 the ; California -Shoe Co., • has " placed
2000 . pairs of ladies' ' shoes ¦¦ and ' ties on the'
table,! to .be sold , to-morrow (Monday) ; for
$75c ;. a' pair, v; Ihese '¦ shoes \ are ; good ' sizes,
latest : style i toes."' Made of t the "very i best
material. Worth $3.00, every, pair, of them.
All 'celebrated makes. , One ..word - about
this special'- sale. 1 •, . You , can" pick
yourself,*; of course. ¦¦ No one person '.will
be > entitled to : more than two ' pairs at 75c
a pair • at .the bankrupt ¦ shoe sale of - the
California Shoe Co., 1506 Market St.. above
City Hall ave. • - .^ -v- , ¦ ..»,.¦.. %y,
'" ';-.•-¦-, ¦ .'¦¦ '' ; '/ : .- - •¦' '' 'S~ '¦
W. F. Pipher, Receiver
Little Whirlwind, Serving Life Sen
' tence for Complicity in Mur-" =; > ?*
der, Gains Free&om. >
{ I SALT LAKE, ' Utah^ June :i.— A , special
to the Tribupe from Helena ',\ Mont. ,' . says :
Governor ; Toole ,'. to-day .'. pardoned S Little
-Whirlwind, a North Cheyenne Indian, who
is serving , a, life sentence in > the : peniten
tiary for, complicity in the murder of John
R. Hoover, a shepherd in,Custer v County;
five years ago'.' ¦ \ - ; i --. ¦:¦'-¦'- ¦: .: ' •« •' -
-Hoover's. murder and subsequent events
almost; caused l a serious uprising of tho
North Cheyennes." /Two' other Indians, 1
Spotted • Hawk '; and > Stanley; : were impli
cated. - -••¦ The ' former '; wa» - sentenced to be
hanged and Stanley .was given a ten-year
GOVERNOR OF^MOOTAKA-^;.'--:^./
' PARDONS THE CHEYENNE
sentence. . Spotted Hawk obtained : a new
trial, but" was never again prosecuted.
Stanley, died in prison, but confessed to
the > N murder - before . the { end. ' Since " then
the ¦ Indians' Rights Association ' has been
working for Little Whirlwind's pardon. '
i "LOS ANGELES, June 1.— Bight hundred
Porto Rlcans passed . here last
night under the cover of darkness and be
fore daylight were embarked on board the
steamship Colon," which .was awaiting
them at Port Los Angelas. {.They, are des
tined to ' work on the . sugar - plantations
of HawalL.' • \\. . -." . .- .¦'¦ -;¦: .;•; -¦= ¦;<•
More Porto Bicans Sail .
will f oilowV with ; another = suit • for 1 $150,000
additional ' against the .Beckhams , for
alienating his wife's affections. -Yester
day -Mrs. Goodman,' who .. Is v the elder
Beckham's daughter, brought suit for
divorce.' alleging cruelty. It was for this
alleged cruelty that the lash was applied.
James H. Beckham Sr.-is a millionaire
retired wholesale ( grocer and r his , family
has >been" prominent -in social circles -.in
KaneasrCity for years. Dr. Goodman is
26 years of age. '.- . , , ¦",' .*¦'.'
THE SA^N FRAJJCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JUNE 12/ 1901.
17
HOLTOX, Kans., June 1.— The body of
Mrs. AI Klusmeier was found last night
buried in a shallow trench less than a
hundred yardsi from her home, one mile
north of Holtoh. The dead woman's head
was found to Tiave been crushed in as if
she had been struck with a club or some
heavy blunt instrument.
The crime was committed on Sunday,
May 19. On that day the children of the
family were away from home. When they
returned their father told them their
mother had gone to Texas on a visit.
Later Klusmeier left for Texas. Friday
the children received a telegram, from
him that their mother had died down
there of yellow^ fever and he had burled
her. ? ¦ ' ¦ "
Paul SwetUck, brother of Mrs. Klus
meier. was murdered in 1892, and the man
ner of his death was never explained. He
carried SS0.000 life insurance, the benefi
ciaries being Mr. and Mrs. Klusmeier.
Part of the insurance was contested and
a verdict for $38,000 was secured in favor
o^the estate in the United States Circuit
Court. The case was appealed and was
areued at St. Paul (Friday.
The whereabouts of the corpse of the
murdered woman vras made known by the
digging of dogs. They pawed the earth
and revealed the decomposing corpse -in
the shallow trench. There was not more
than two feet of eround <wf>r the hnHv .
. THE EMPORIUM. J : ' -T^^^O^^^-J\ > THE BM^BITJIL v--V :: y|;-lL\ i; '^ I TFT? -"^ . '
' Phntn Offf*i* ' '.- The Midsummer Book. Bulletin^fr^>;/^:.a«/nte//)w'tt«..w^;.' ". Grass Linens $
Hiv: you iccclvrd one of our numbered and 64 Departments "jftTIBWBP S*H^fl B^rffeE^s^B B U Bk^C Corns, BuitiOttS, rff m 3MSCS.
rsgstered proposi ions about photographs ? If catering to almost evrry want of .13 H H^ L |T B ¦ I B IHH ingrowing tocnails, etc., cured by Ttncj Novelty Gra^s Linens— In open work O J
you wish to g-t the brst photograph bargain ' man « wom ' n an^ child - Goods ||» and Dr Can Dekmcl, Surgeon Chi- an d si.k . S t'ri P = efTe:^ tia: wae 35c, .oc 'J
3 b Y 6 v . ° alwavs fxch-nged, money always ¦¦'> -« «sfc__si^ «fc _-*»K ropodist— Mezzanins fl.or, wr.t - . ,, . j «
jou ever heird o? inquire about thi; offer at r .( un dcd. . F^ QOldglTimilg Bftgaar. ¦« si / e < f / and 50c a yard, all reduced to. . 0%f* "^
our pLotostujio. . . " '¦ - 1 — - — i ' - — 4. CALIFORNIA'S! LARQEST~AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE 1 _— — : ••.*-•."¦.¦ ¦ ••••'*•*•* J»
Now for the largest June business in the history of ) the big store. ] Several sensational f
sales have been: planned for the first Monday, some of the most imp^ of f
ceiow. You will fr.d the largest^stocks in- Calif )rnia here— :h"e best goods that m^ney can buy. \ We do not; consider a .transaction' comV .5.
p'.ete until our customer is entirely satisfied. M jney-back without question upon the: return of our goods in the condition in which you .re- f <*
ceivedthem.; U V,' \ . ¦ "" ¦ l ; J - ? • • 'iv ' * N • : 4 |
House Furnishings. areates^^^Uf^^^^^^^S Ever Helri Ladies-Children, |
pyfere ns >¦ ¦ ¦ ' II l! fmnn»k3Hi If I \ l||JMy /\ \ W /tT||pfjl|| r/ifnllff ¦tlji \ut\ ¦ '''I' 1 ifilll.l Jtk^lllvf ' Thinking of taking the children to the country JC
¦'Height- 18 g^j^T : S&tf* nf II if II liillil^ Jill ¦^TJf/y jMnMnt. \\Vlii«*ilrl J |||> fimSSu'J ' tn fi's»Ki'fnt m nSS9 ln vaca£ i° n time? The things that you wLl •*
m^deofhard . a great purchase of thousands cf- yards of high-grade black siiks — all new, direct Tc ™ki n Go^~ Fo1
b^k't^urrc «nter S> wciv.orth to from the looms of i wo of the best manufacturers in the world, makes of silks that ""f.". 8 . ? ™?™75 O &&t *
a. 3S c, special Monday only. ¦ f SO ?>Te celebrated for their brilliant finish, and good wearing quaiities; absolutely the Tennls . sk i r ts-For 'JTf^l •
. Brooms - A good strong regu'ar. sized broom, . . ... , - j ' j "" i J " -n t^ i j • i ¦ t "¦ i/;«'J^«^«;« camping purposes >«sL*3-^5b<L S
made of co.,^ brocm com iu it a for side- best b ack made, every yard warranted — will be placed on special sale Monday only, ..soo /^^^>^m *
MoXonT ust>wirth25c ' sreaal #4c in r hefo lowing Irtj:- . *-x cw-pv^-aj. $
j ' " ThV * ArrtiV ' Yd Trr-m Lot 1— $1.10. BlacK Talteta ; 69c— 1 850 yards of 24-inch Lot 3— S123 BlacK Pcan de Sofc 89c— laso.yards of this chH^en's'suIi BonneS /^^3sS&-ii/Mi
< ¦»¦ ' Freeze-- — 3 quart 6 : ze- } black dress taffeta, a rich heavy silk, warranted to wear. beautiful z I % -inch bis ck Peau de Soie; Swiss rnanufac- 2So 3Sl«f>2_lNl 5
t / ¥ ju t right for the ordinar; This is undoubtedly the best value you have ever $een ture; superb finish; soft heavy quaJity, and warranted to Ladies' Sun Bonnets. .. £
W^Mo^ain^et »> grade black uffita, manufactured expressly for wear; will make very handsome dress skirts; retail for •;; y^'.Mo $
'^Kpj Co , of fine cedar wood, dress purposes, an exceptiora' great value at g+ £%~* $ l - 2 S per yard, on special sale Monday f£Of+ Blouses ....$1.OO **&>zWez&g& 5
J «i h galvan'zed non-rust- J1.10 a yard, special Monday only. . ". ... only ..;........... ¦%M } %J.%0 Child en's Jackets .... I | hl^^ «*
'^^¦"^iij^t^SSS^^u lotZr-%150 BlacK Peau dc Sole 98c— 1 100 yards of 24- Lot 4— $U0 BlacK Satin Dvchcssc 69c— An extra quaKty; Girii*". W ai f 3^ H if $'>
1 rice f 2.00; spicial- Monday Jt^ inc^ black Pesu dc.Scre; pure Lyons dye. This silk is* 24"inchcs wide; only 1200 yards; a very rich finish, will Suits— Linen or per- "—c\m [[•- .' : - *\\
on >' • ....... &***&** the most popular in the market to-day." Will make very good wear;, the grade that reuils everywhere for cale. ¦...-.. .$1.5Q~'*tt&i3fJ^***- St
_.¦ __ _ _ handsome dress skirts, regular retail price AA^ '¦ ¦$ 1. 10 a yard; on special sale Monday. ... |«#IU Girls' Fine Pique Sailor . Jj
Fme VaiUeS III $I . 5O per yard, on special sale Monday only if OC .-...' ....•..................'. OlI^O Boys' W«h Kilt Suifs StSo $
Dress Goods, [ } Extra Special T Extra Special! \ :>..;•.:•. SSKS^S^^ife I"
of^s^^^n^^n^X^ About 300 yards o! a very; rich Mcrvellicux Slripv finches wide, with lace stripe tach . t^Z^-'"^^'''''^ 0 I
are again prepared to ,how compete assottmenta wide— nothinft more stylish made lor separate sKirts— regular price $2.25 per yard— special SlmiH stockinet mlpYrs'""" ' sa *
in granite trepe, poplins, satins prune'.la« and \ Monday Only . . ;........••........'..'".."..... ......<•'. ....." T" *- - ' ' ....OVO S
albatross. . ¦' ". ¦ . " • ::•;-;! .-..".• •* \MM ' Mm ' '¦ K* t mM ' \*
3S-inch Albatross— All-wool, crepe finish, in "~ ~J~ •'.¦¦. . ' ~ ~~ "~~~ ~~ : ~ ~ . - . . . "~~^""< WaSiM tOUlartiS ,«:
Dollar Gloves 78c. - Millinery Halt Price-*^ f^^t Inp «, J
wear, a 1 color., yard JOC >///£ .Store.S' I a m O U s! IeSS than quarter former pHGeS. date and fine in.qualkyi our 3S c fabric! on 3»
48-inch Poplin — AU wool, excellent weight /////{ NT^%«l^ • GlOVe SaleS On IOC^ Fancy and Black Qail : s.; ... ..2o'~- \ri» special aale to-morrow only— per — g% -- ' {*
and finish, in such 6rasonable and fashionable C//// X •JiT mi 1 1 !• 1 » u r j •' i Vk«-k liVS'/Bfte- V»rJ JllC *J
coorings as reseda, French blue, ca:tor, royal X// Monday; ladieS 5OC Bunches of 1 2 dozen violet3.£09 ¦..;....... ............ #OP .j
blue, two shades of old rosf, m —-* crpniline Si OO 75c Bunches of 3 roses ... 24^ "M@S2sZfr&m. ~ ¦ }g
etc' yard. $t.OO G . . .- en " 1 rfe 7 t °° $i. S oc^\dTcn^i^ ot nH i u.23om^SSS Newest Books. J
42 ffiS^^S wm X be s^d W^.^lBf 4 -^-%- Jlt0^. |
gowns, in .all the^new colors, p ? r yard . . tO-mO!TOW, per pair * OO oq c^fdren's Fancy Leghorn Hats * ff "Ths Cri$is"-by Winston Churchill, author 5
..... S1.OO, 91.25 an! S3 .: ;¦ '.. -.X' % ° S1.OO of "Rich»4. Ci^el'-j publisher's price «
Toilet Jki-tinle* :Gl^ e Gl ° VeS Wlth tW? P atent ifc^i^^lfe'^sSo 2 o 5
1 Oliet ArtlCieS. erS, p:que. Or OVer-Seam Sewn, With fine 25 and $1.50 Fancy Walking Ha^s ¦«^&-- "The A^w.^f the^lmighty-'-by Owen |
Requa's Toilet Pummice, larg- «rc ...... ffs embroidered blCrCS ' 1 n SUCh de^irible ' OJf« ...V,- Johnson, published at |i. 5 o, our pnee .... 5.
dUuioid soap Boxes, aii shades 2Og Gluul uluc;i cu uj«-rv>>, in sucn uebirdD.e _.. . -9Sg $1.2O 3i
Portsmouth Smelling Silts, ftr travcers 2Oc COlOrSaS light, dark and medium Shades $ 2 '$ o Walking Hats.... $1.50 "D'Acy Of the Guard/'— played not week by %
Genuine "471 1 M Violet Water, none; bttter Q f ,^ n m od a ? brOWhS" alSO White With : 5 oand Children's Trimmed Hats $1.95 Henry Miller, published at tt.zs, 'cur price 3
Z£ R °' ' 6 '"""'ej; bs ! found P erfect flttin g-" C°me early if J*. 00 : Bld J6 . oo Udi J 0£ Ml I ff^fg m m^« m T<k- S'™ |
cinuaon Tmnpmnt biycmnt &>ap, ckc dark shades are desired. ss.oo. andfsio.oo Trimmed Han S3.s6 and sa.sn ¦"v'°f y J^!! M s ' w y""— a " J?' "«• x
. ' Sts • ' ' ' •.. v ¦ . yip ¦ .,-.-. , V «*•**«» a " u v m w.*r%M England story ever . wr.tten, , published at Jj
V RoU*T^nJpVrenVGiycerine'Soapj'bari!!fi/0 -» " rf > ' " »» \ ¦ ' m " ~~' ~ ~~~~~~~~ f x *5°» our P ri . cc - - •- • • $1.2O *
Extra 5pec/a#-Jcr 6 cn 3 Lavender EXtPSOPuMaB+V SStG Of (3Q^ "Pendopc's Irish ExpericW-by Kate *
Cream Toilet " • ¦"^^•* : ,««^*j^^ .•••#««*» W ...... .,W«M1F «^* ., . .0^5^^ . Dou S U8 Wiggin, published at $1.15, our
*-r- r n mm- 9 mm m- [ fe?~^l p^----- $1.00 %
dally high grade /-S^K^S^I^ r ' *-&£*§£**£ * twC^t* mWVbJ&ZbR* W,9 "-^^L^^K' " The Successors to Mary the first'— by %
2 Cc per box soap. \ . mMWMmmm%m**9 \ IB Wlllf «Jr»fll» Eizabeth Stuart Phelps,' puMished at Jx.50, -{
which the fac- \J^"^M n "fZ., / M****mmMmm**' WkH *¦*. m m mM-* m m' mf-mmf-m. WMJ^-M mL our prke $1,20 "%
tory has dhcon- — " J D&OMmMS iWM O M§ ti SmJQf m mLttUS WwGW~ / ¦ t\ - B? "The Helmet of Navarre"— by Bereha Runkle, £
tinued making because' it was too expersive .-' m ' - / 1\ fifil **~ ft " published at {1.5c, our price $1.2O {|
to $:ll at that price. We bought what they > -..-.•. . (IGSCfdVi r\'\ !«££*»* "The Curious Career of Roderick Campbell" j5
had in stock, at a figure which enables us to .'"¦" ' . * . . . . - /// I. \ KtBgwRg — by Jean N. Mcllwraith, published at }i .53, %
offer for Monday only, box of •§ f% we offer the entire sample line of the largest neckwear importer and manu- // / \ g5SKr^^-\ our price $1.23 'S
3 cakes MJS.C facturcr of New York City — this season's choicest novelties — comprising 1000 / \ X /^^Rf'^v-' \ "Sir Christopher" — by Maud Wilder G00J- jj
pieces in 1000 stvl.s (for there is only one cf a kind)— all in good condition. /«&§ A/^flf I pub&hei at |i S o, our price.. «
ai> m n> i. --.-»—. <O^» c 1 mi 1 .; 11; j , -i-r •• 1 li --n. iBS^T Jre*©i fir/jRr ?^$*^ "'^e Column — by Chas. Marriotc, published, J*
2SOC HKCtUreS m2SC. Sale will last until Wednesday night if quantities last that long. The assortment $W\ at $t. 5 o, our price ..$1 m 2O "*
A real'.y fine co'lection of Carbonet Picture?, includes: Black Chenille Neck Ruffs, Black Liberty Silk Ruffs, Noveltv Col- "The Conscience of Coralie"— by F. Frankfort jL
in an assortment which includes all the latest cred Neck Ruffs, Noveltv Silk Jabots and Stocks, ChifF.n Jabot?, Silk TafFeta, J^P^^^^IBh!^^;. Moore, published at $i. 50; ourpi-icc $1.20 X
¦popuar and religou. surj.cte, mounted on Chiffon and Nct Scar £ p oint Ven ise Collars, Pique and Lawn Reveres, Wash " J^ ,° C i Jp "'"~^ fT* °J CaSi6m]a - **
. .i^^^TO^^^ : I
—— — • All at One-Half Regular Prices mm "^^:^^lTT^i:X \
KOStaKS aW ioc Neckwear 5c Neckwear 75c $6.00 Neckwear $3.00 Wj&fzZSZgsSr flSBliilia Hshed, published at $i.*5, our price. $1 m QQ \L
f*g.S Pr»£t*g**£ 2 S C Neckwear 13c 82.00 Nickwear fi.oo $7.50 N.-ckwear £3.75 T&^bzMk&t ¦ j^^^^y "Ju!etty"-r-A story of Kentucky,' pub-ished at jf
"^" ¦•»••»• 50c Neckwear 25c $2.50 Neckwear $1.1$ Neckwear $5.00 $1.50, our price $1>20 "&
j The word "Kodak" stands for all that it 75c Neckwear.. ....... .38c /3.00 Neckwear: .. ".. .$1.50 Ji 1.50 Neckwear. $6*5 "^^ * ''F.xnch Folly in Maiims" — A collection of
best in photography. The folding Kojalcs, $1.60 Neckwear ;..5oc $5.00 Neckwear. ... ..$2.50 'Ntckwear..j7.'5o, etc. ./^*^ . . . iWitty, Wise and Wicked Sayings, published J
which slip into the pocket, are convenient to j '¦ ' -' ' - ' - ¦ • ¦- ¦. ¦ at 50c, our prce. ............... .ISO ' X
• •: ,^ Last Week of Clothing Sale. -^^^^1
iffipjlf] posureg without reloading; • w <= have added several new and snappy lines of spring and summer styles in Men's Suits to M . onda y onl y thc bl S Jtor8 s j2Qg% %
Mmii==^ size of Kodak i^x 3^x VM?K the a ready splendid assortment at Ten Seventy-five, and maki the greatest offering of the **'" £
6^ inches weight 14^ rJ^7\ season of Boys' Russian Blouse Suits. " <\ .. ¦ ¦ "5
|Cifl|IWffia^ ounces, length of focus of I \^ f\ I?' "^\ M
||gem«gr lent 4 inches, manufic- / f\ f^ $15.00, $17.50 and $20. 00 Suits $10.75— The range in styles felpy^^SSp^ | 5
M^^P b^store^ 6 '° 0 ' / I includes the smart broad-shcu'dered military sack coat in many fashionable fabrics; the ff||^ \\ \\ \ '%
W2x&? price "!* $3.00 \* ' ' U~ S-3; new grcehish shades in cheviots; dark blue fabrics, with light hair-line stripes interwoven; IHIlJ^p^ '{'\. _\
No. 3 Fol;ing % Pocket Kodak— With rapid W $A rt#jpbv some with lar g e ovcr P laids » and a beau " f ul of light gray and brovvn cheviots. A WHjk^ .. •- \^."A *
rect'.inear lens, lor rectanguar jictmes, J V *~~i I bx/%fC\ bigger assortment and more styles to choose from than any other store' can offer. All «
3>C X 4X» I2 "rosures without Voiding, / LoH I 1 wcl^ mac^ c anci trimmed suits, for which our regular low gt*>§ SJ% m 9 S \3 E rSHKBPl fTi^i 1 J*
ZZZEftfigl^EJ: I "]^5|ljU Price. : arc<rom«, 5 .oo to $ 2 o.oo, S p e da.d li , week, only $IU m 7O OAVRIIDY *
t,Tsl'^"'.'. ."'." */4,OO ¦ V f C IS "" y R ? sslan Blouse Suft o-e-quarter off regular prices 5> Yl» OFTT^ §
We cany everything that the amateur pho- j I 1 . ( I his week — all the new shades; red, brown, tan, grayand fancy mixtures, in serges and WL* I H
tograpber can posrb'y want. All at depaitinent ; I ' \ . \ cheviots; all have knickerbocker trousers and handsome belts,* either of patent or- suede ¦ 'P>i 'iN * -S
AdarlCr0Omaty0UritrTiCeWith ' [I] ill I '{PC lcather ' : Md 'thcreduction for this weekmakes F ices read like this: : ' , _5^^>^;YARI>» J
" ; . I \i . ''. Y ) 13-95 Rviss'an Blouse "-Suits. . $2.96 $S-oo Russian B'ouse : Suits.... $3 m 75 Sewed, Wd and . Lned— regular price -5
Groceries- -Liquors Jh* erc^wbt n $x:io fa jttd. s? J
More Specials. ¦¦:?¦<¦¦' : ' \ '/':':' ' -: . >m? R™»n bw suits.... ...^g,g3, ..; • ; !L— — g
, Lennox Soap— Gives universal satisfaction, on ' N ? /'/*' -* •• - , • . :. ... . . ,_ -- --¦-*"" - jj
<3SSi!3-Ss:^K;;a^S Big Values in Summer Footwear. 7?"' $5.25. f
uck i, ipedai Monday 20o i'ii '" ¦„, '' ¦¦¦¦'¦'m __'l. ' "' ' 'mi' ' " * ' *' ''' " ¦ • ' '• "' • " " :; ' '- • •- : "' ; ' ' ' -' " Are you gobg camping, or do you need a S
Frisco Lunch, or Champion Crackers — Special l^xiw I / ''H®V (^W V^^k. V^.-^L' I / Other sizes in this style at proportionately low <S
March and Sardines — B;st imported, benees;, • '. ¦'; ¦V- p f''. '-" "* '• ¦' c /^-A^i ''---'''"i?. ':,? . \>'. A ¦ Tint -.5x7 feet, made of ¦ . 8-ounce , duck JC-
Monday, tin. .............. ,...22yio ', La'iei* Vici Kid Ox- Ladie*' fine Vici Kid Ladies' Vici ",^ Kid Ladie« f tan color ; Ladies' . fine Vici Ladiet* Patent Leath- (poles and : ; pint -extra), .,am e '.2
, Port Or Sherry - Good, sound wine, ford Ties, cloth top and Lace Shoes, \ patent, j^^ . ShoeJ doth Oxford ties, tan cloth K* A I*™ i B ««on er Oxford .Ties, : duU -J *<*. • •--^- .••- -'• • • • • •'• • 3»^»* S
regn!arly 75c -fi!lon_Mond»y. .....; 5g o pat:nt- leather^ tips, or' : leather or kid tips, .,.-.-' . '-" L : • ._ Shcea,: patent " leather mat kid top, ' worked Camp Stool—' CanTas : teat*. 2Qc;' with . 5
Harfi&r'm WMskOy-Kyt or Bour- same style with kid top we'.t extension soles, ¦ *" t0 P*»- : P* ten « : ; ...mw- .eoin : toe new^ modeVn .^ vd^ ae^ c<Aa ;- t oe, back.: ... f . ....;;..::... .J.. _.3^ o *
boa, regularly |i.oo per bottle, »» and kid tip, hand-turn- . new modern toes, mili- leather tips, medium and tip, hand-turned ; fijr ¦ " idtch ' extension hand-turned ~soh, Louis L«wn I. Chair— JUade.cf -hardwood, wthifancr '^
special^Monday only..... ........ . #jpC ed ¦: %ole», . Louis ¦ XV .• , ttry. heels, our price.. .. flexible -• lolesj 0 u r soles, . medium high ' soles,- -mi itary heelsi*- XV: heels, Tery dabry striped canva£,$/^00» with arms. $125 \)f'
Uibij'l Malt Tor.lc— Regularly |z.i 5 per heels, W** *~ A ••"•••• "i ''- "fAot.'. heel. am** o u r> •vJi^ ' Jf^an&dteuy^— "-¦ _-, Hammock— Good strong one for..; ». fl^O J»
do^n, Monday....... ........ :S1.7S our^price $2.5 O ¦,'.. .\.. $3.5O .. ... $1.33 ... $2.43 vticc. $2.5O -on\y $3.3 O And other styles up to... : ->'>'—• S19.OU J
Announcement
Jyl Public
{UT \ VW // 7> VF Tortble crttlcisni and
r\\ . \ A yl- // many Inquiries reoelT«d by
i . : * J ¦»*¦¦" u» from the Medical Pro-
fession and -other* Interested regarding: oar
Statement that the po-callefl Weaknees of Men
Is not & weakness but symptoms of lnflam-
XaaXlou of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
ifier). c&used by contracted disorders and early
<isslpeiion. and that Loss of Vitality. Prema.-
tureneee, etc., are Invarlablj- cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting: this Inflam-
mation, v * wish to state to these. -many In-
quiries,* In the columns of the press, that It
Yakee a-pprcximatelr ten weeks to cure thee*
AiBcr&evB of the male The treatment ls en-
tirely a local one. as no drugging the stomach
Is necessary, and that the patient may treat
iltnselZ at home, under our directions. W« will
•cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
Tellable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organB. which we send f re-e on applica-
tion to any one Interested In the Subject, will
(be found a great advantage In "Home Dlag--
r.cfis," as well ac a study for all interested la
their anatomy. Very respectfully.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
Telephone
Eye=GIasses
Are broken and we will send for them, repalr-
lns and returning them the rame <2Jy. Lenses.
to cents; Astigmatic Lenses, SI and fl 50.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CHROWCLl BUIL0IN&. CATALOGUE FREE-
: J(^^ ; WEAK
MEN and
WOMEN
•**/ 'Cl^^.'MS^^Sw^'*- can °^ ta - ln renewed
• /^>$£J&£&t(2&L^ ' strength and vigor
t by the use of "Dr.
/^Af^ST?\S\^* Pierce* s Oatest im-
• /»f#. <^ > \^ % proved) E L E C-
¦™"" — "~~ ~ ~~ ~~~~ *x xtXO rkTjy und
appliances. Drugs
do not cure. Electricity ls the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you eee "Dr. Pierce's,"
for It ls the BEST and the lowest In price.
ttyCall at office or send a 2-cent stamp
for new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 2O0 Post 6t.. Ban Fran-
cisco. New York office— 1145 Broadway. •
DR. NG TOY KEE.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.,
/. \ Oct. 25, 1900.— DR. NG TOT
I* \ KEE. 210 Stockton St.—
f*Mpv m Dear Sir: I have been
P» V 55. treated by other doctors for
W i/ my stomach troubles, and
\? m + jf all have failed, but I fln-
y^^^k ) x '* y cA^zG. on you, aad you,
/^prT^L^ with your skillful treat-
J&Ws* — jftxSs&St meat, have cured m«. I
,wG3jL 'MMSttf teel better now than I have
J¥m^Sr£f^sf iOT J' e ars. and I will gladly
recommend you to eny one.
Tours truly,
C. H. OOWCAT,
Brooklyn Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
For particulars address FARM. 211 Market
Street. S. F.
D. HALL'S BEIN YIG OR ATOBWgjS
Five hundred reward for any UTin
case we cannot cure. This secret B^*
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, B M
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- PBI W&B
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, TTJTi Pftfn
fctrlctures Lost Manhood and all UarM UjM
vrtEtine effects of self-abuse or P&JLJHS
excesses. Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 ¦"' ""¦ IIM1 "
bottles. J5, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, M3
Broadway. Oakland, CaL Also for sale at 1073H
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for free book.
__ _ j
R ad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfe^ diffestlon, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of tbe Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, .Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Eick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Drurgiats, or
bjr «*alL BADWAY & CO.. New York.
Y- *?%/?***:&&& < ' ! e"" a£& m *» —
'i'^^^^T^^&M j! ls ver y con *
Sit f*-^y J&BT& j venient to attribute
K A^^V*^fe$3?tS$i e disast^s which
Wr\^^0i- But for th^ most
kj 'Sggj^lV^jff^jgs part man is the
- arbiter of his own
i i pyH^^S fortunes. Business
JI^^^'^W' meU are struck
C&wrSZyfe^ down suddenly as
•S **^/^ by lightning. The
verdict is generally
'heart failure." "His heart was weak.
It was (ate for him to meet this end."
But if we went behind the "weak " heart
we should find a " weak " stomach, prob-
ibly, and back of tlie weak stomach is
careless eating at irregular hours.
When the stomach is diseased the
organs depending on the stomach for
cutrition are starved. Starvation means
tpeakness of the body and its organs.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
rtrres diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. When
these organs are cured, diseases of heart,
liver, lungs and kidneys, caused by the
diseased stomach, are cured also.
«In the fall of 1S97 I ¦was taken with smother-
Ing spells, palpitation of the heart, and a dis-
tressed feeling in my stomach," writes Mr.
H- W. Kinney. of Knight. Doddridge Co., West
Va. «I consulted a doctor and be said I had
organic heart trouble. He gave me some medi-
cine, but it did rue no good. I then tried differ-
ent kinds of patent medicines, but they only
helped me a little. I then sent and got five
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical I>iscov-
ery Before the first bottle was gone I felt a
change. When the five bottles were jrone I
fcegan to work. I had not -worked any for a
year before.
"I am well and can eat anything now with
the exception of pork and greasy food." .
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure
biliousness.
ADVEETISEMEKTS.Publication Office .....:'..........'... <S^sg§jill^» Market and Third, S. F.
¦¦¦:"' ¦ , ¦ • ¦ . ' : '¦ . • ¦ • • • • • ~^ : *ftTTffnB*^ '*¦*-" . , ¦ ' , • \ ' '. : "\ ' • . '-< '"'<¦'¦?
By Blancbe ¦ Parting ton.
WAGNERIAN TENOR PRIEST
ENtrances Hearers at
SANTA CLARA'S JUBILEE.
1 . • • » » .
. The Lorinj? Club "request" programme
of last evenlns ran as follows:
1 "The- Gondolier," Schubert; "Chorus of Ifcr-
To Father Robert Sesnon, "Wagnerlan
tenor and priest, a large share of the In
terest of the golden Jubilee performance
of the Santa Clara College Is due. It -will
be remembered that the new Passion Play
of Clay M. Greene is the chief feature of
the college ceremonies, and the musical
interlude, mostly sacred solos •with choral
and orchestral accompaniments, are In the
hands of Father Sesnon. The usual things
are sung— "Noel," "The Holy City," "The
Palms"— but they are not sung In at all
the usual way. The singer has a power
ful dramatic tenor, used with strong in
telligence, and has an' admirable voice
quality and. method. For many years he
studied for the operatic stage, five years
In Paris with the teacher of De Reszke,
one in Milan with th-j elder Lampertl and
elsewhere with adequate advantage. "Lo
hengrin," "Faust" and ' "Romeo" are
among the parts studied .by the prlest
singep, and it Is easy to imagine his suc
cessful, appearance in . any one of them.
Father Sesnon entered upon his priestly
duties a year ago and is now a curate of
the Catholic church in San Rafael, amply
content with the tranquil life of a.coun
try priest. A strange story it is and no
light as to the reason of the great change
in his life ideals is given by the, priest,
but it is certain that the stage has lost
and the church gained a most effective
flsure. ¦•"• "'.' '"!»***"
• • •
IT is always a particular dellght,to me,
and commonly /worth the. effort; of
most music ; lovers. ' to ' attend the * oc
casional grand festival" Itallano to
which any city fortunate ' enough to
own a "Little Italy" Is. favored. The mu
sic ls>^usually good, the audience enthu
siastically en rapport with the musicians
and the whole affair distinguished by a
refreshing naturalness that Is a distinct
tonic to the nerves of the concert goer.
Such an affair was the "grand concert"
given the other evening at Sherman-Clay
Hall, in aid of the: Sts. Peter and
Paul organ fund, j where a goodly
programme was rendered by eleven mem
bers of the Italian^ colony here.. Giuseppe
Panizza, who was 'called upon at the last
moment to substitute -. for Slgnor'Ave
dano, ,was undoubtedly the bright par
ticular star, of the evening. "He gave the
"Largo ar Factotum": with utmost 'gusto,
conscientiously conceiving It his duty to
ward the audience to act out the part, in
spite of such small obstacles as . modern
tailoring and shoes that sympathetically
creaked with every step.' Slgnor Panizza
got the encore of the evening, and I did
my small best to help him there.
Miss Lydia and Miss Angle' Spadlna
gave a very musical rendering of a Mer
cadante duet from "II Giuramento," dis
tinguished by its excellent ensemble, and
the good voice quality, of both singers.
Pietro Marino played the Vieuxtemps
fifth concerto In satisfactory fashion:
Quinto Zani's good voice and bad rhythm
were hear. In the "I Pagllacd" prologue;
Slgnor Pio Face! sang with much taste
the Braga ' "Romanza," and also.', with
Sig.~ Zani. a duet from "Forza del Des
tino." Miss Mignon Schocken got more
out of that Intrinsically unmusical in
strument,- the naandolin, than I have yet
heard in my carefully scant experience,
and with A. Spadlna, R. Laraja and S.
Martinez gave a concerted number for
two mandolins, lute and piano. Mrs."
Eugene Cadenasso substituted effectively
for Lla Polettini, and Signor Martinez
accompanied capably. The organ fund
of. Sts. Peter and Paul must have con
siderably benefited, for ' the house, was
crowded. -':--.»-,:
The people who attend funerals corns to
grief. . ; . ... , .
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
• • •
: The Bach "Italian Concerto," Beetho
ven "Moonlight" sonata, violin and piano
C minor sonata of Grelg. Schumann
"Andante and Variations" for two pianos.
Grieg: A minor concerto ("Andante and
Finale") and the Rachmaninoff "Prelude"
and a Binding composition formed tho
very good offering of the last week's con
cert of the California Conservatory given
at Sherman-Ciay Hall on Thursday even-
Ing last. I was not able to attend, but
hear many good things of the work of the
students, all pupils of Otto . Bendlx,
with the exception of. Mrs. S. R. Leon,
who undertook the violin part of th»
Grieg sonata, and who Is a pupil of Nath
an Landsberger. Miss Lily Hansen, Miss
Josie Coonan, Miss Alice B. Toklas. Miss
Lydia Rheinstein and Miss Clara Hirsh
feld were the executants of the evening.
The park programme for this afternoon
contains two numbers of a rather special
interest, a march by E. A. Bruguiere and
a "Canzonetta Espagnole" by Henry Boa
sert, both pupils in composition of Mr. Os
car Well. Bruguiere Is a San Francisco
lad, and Bossert a soldier in one of ths
Southern regiments stationed at the Pre
sidio, and their work Is said to evidence
unusual talent.
. I wish we might have been roared the
flaccid, facile and effected Dudley Buck
chorus. One can tell a Dudley Buck with,
one's eyes shut every time. Pretty and
lightly melodious on first hearing, a dead
ly lack of variety s«.amps his every choral
effort from -"The Light of Asia" down,
when any attempt at florid writing 1 la
made. He drifts into triplets with th»
most fatal facility and uses over and
over again a few harmonies once found
effective in the Oriental "Ught of Asia.'*
The chorus was not too well Interpreted,
Its lack of form not conducing to an
easy grasp of its difficulties, and Mr. E.
Moore grave the solo in rather half -hearted
fashion. The Beethoven chorus was sung:
with a fine swing and encouraging spirit
and some of the lighter numbers wera
rendered with happy delicacy. A pleas
ant Innovation In club habits was the per
formance, without ' music, of an encors
lullaby, and the success of the attempt
should encourage the Lorlng Club to fur
ther effort in this direction. Dr. J. F.
Smith. Dr. Schalkhammer and H. B.
Metller were the soloists of the- evening
and the club was assisted by Miss Buthl
W. Loring, accompanist, a string quin
tet, and Jacob P I>«>vison, .flautist,
t I ¦ • • • *
-A request programme is always a more
or less Ill-balanced affair, and that of the
Loriny Club could not therefore hope to
escape the inevitable fate. , The prepon
derance of slight numbers will be noted.
as testimony to the average taste of the
Loring Club audience, but there were also
the . very, effective Beethoven dervish
chorus,- the Mendelssohn number, and the
worthy Schubert and Footo choruses
chosen.
vishes," from "The Ruins of Athens." Beet
hoven, a 6 torch serenade; "Dreamy I/ake,"
Schumann; "Chorus of Spirits and Hours."
Dudley Buck; "Finland Love Sony." Kngel9
bergr; "Slngr, SInjr," Brewer; "On the Water,"
Abt: "Moonrlse," Pache; "Serenade," Elsen
hofer: "Rhine "Wine Sons." Mendelssohn, and
the "Bedouin Love Songr." Koote.
V The Boston builders of the t Independence and. the New York Yacht Club have settled their
dispute, arid 'now we' are, sure thebest boat < will; meet the ; challenger for the -America's cup: Sir
Thomas Lipton is once more out of luck. . | / ; . - .V ; . V • y
& "It is said : the 'Kaiser's pf;the:pje'ssjs not^ue to any o^^ speech, but he
does not like to see His own speeches in print. There's afreaWforyou. ( ;¦
" In commenting" on a recent statement " of ¦¦ Professor. •..^Starr of Chicagdthat it. is a* sign of
effeminacy in a man to part his Hair in . the ..' middle/ the Philadelphia Redord" says: "In the West
men still wear chin or moose whiskers and, until. recently they parted their hair on the side"; and
now we know what the East-thinks of our style, and also .what we have a right to, think 'of theirs.'
The Scotch people are complaining that as they have now more university graduates than
they can furnish employment for iri ; any of the professions, Carnegie's gift of ¦money to provide
for an increase in the .number of therri who are graduated -every, year is hardly as big a • benefit as
, it seems to outsiders; and they appear to think He has given them a white elephant '
The subscription to, the proposed fund of $100,000 to endow a chair of economics at Wash
' ington and Lee University in memory of the; late President William JL. Wilson ' has . reached the
sum of $65, (XXD and the promoters now hope to raise as much as $150,000, so as to -be able to erect
a school building as well as endow the chair; it looks therefore as if the man "of : the fiasco;; tariff
might have a lasting monument after all. ' ' / J : * ; : '
COLONEL WATTERSON abandons himself to excitement about The Call. He re
cently discovered that the fate and future of the United States depend upon Cuba. It
- is known. that the South desires Cuban annexation, regardless of our pledge of inde
pendence in our- declaration of war against Spain. The colonel, who in certain moods
sees visions and dreams dreams, and moves uneasily in his sleep, in giving support to this Southern
idea, discovered that what happens to Cuba happens to the United States. If that island .is. un
happy we paw dust on our. backs and bellow. He gives no explanation of his theory, no reason
why we cannot go on shooting Governors in Kentucky and burning, negroes in Kansas, and con
tinue indulging in other national games, even if the dark, tempestuous Caribbean Sea swallow
Cuba, fever, fleas and all. . , ; ; .
Whether our dependence on Cuba for perpetuity and happiness be uttered by John Quincy
Adams or a Kentucky colonel, suggesting that alliance between Blifil: and Black George which
occurred to the fertile fancy of Randolph in: 1825, it is. a mere groupof words with no foundation
in fact or common sense. t
As well might Colonel Watterson say that a sequence at poker in a Louisville card fight is
inextricably linked in fate and destiny with a game of authors in a San Francisco Sunday-school.:
But when The Call asked him for some reason for the words which he emitted, he makes
an anatomical retort and talks about the displacement of our liver! "*\
. . He should not , assume that, because* he passes gall stones for editorial, all livers are on bad
terms with their owners. His' hepatic argument is as wanting in application as his insular-coriti
nental-relation-and-community-of-fate" theory. Because a, liver in Kentucky turns hard from hav
ing to deal with that mixture of. weeds and liquor which is the popular tipple in those parts, he
should not generalize as to all livers.
We would willingly share our climate with him.' for the help and Healing of nis liver, and also
our views to brighten riis lights, but we beg of him to believe that the frying-pan, ; hot bread and
bourbon do not mobilize in the North and march against the liver, overtake and do it up after the.
fashion that is followed m 'Dixie: •.. < ' ... V-
Perhaps his theory is that Cuba is the .'liver of the .United States. In tliat way only can we
account for his belief that when the island; is in amorbid,' torpid, inactive '-condition, this republic
has a bilious attack. . . • ' • V
BLOOM ON THE- BLUEGRASS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
F. H. Moon of San Jose is at the Palace.
W. J. Rule, a mining man of Sonora,
registered at the Lick yesterday.
Gus Parish, a prominent Honolulu real
estate man, is at the Occidental.
J. J. Hebbron, a stockman of Salinas, Is
spending a few days at the Grand.
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyservllle is spending a few days at the
Lick. . /
L. Grothwell. a Stockton real estate
man. Is spending a few days at the Occi
dental.
Sol Baum, the well-known .caterer of
Portland, Or., arrived here yesterday on
his honeymoon. He is registered at the
Palace.
THE YOSEMITE COMMISSION.
Editor Call: The Examiner, in mention
ing: the Yosemite Commission, says:
"The commission will meet in the val
ley one week from to-day and show that,
whereas, the John P. Irish Board turned
things over to it nearly $3000 in debt, it
now has over $2500 in its revolving fund,
etc."
I have not been a member of the Yo
semite Commission since 1894, and am not
familiar with what has been done in the
Beven years intervening. The board of '<
which I was a member turned nothing
over in debt. • to the amount of $3000 or
any other sum. It rebuilt the Sentinel
Hotel and the cottages conne'eted with it
creating a fine property for the State.
The house was old and was a blemish
for the valley, yielding no income. When
we transformed i.t it was immediately
leased for an annual rental amounting- to
10 per cent on the cost of its improve
ment. As the commission had not" all
the funds on hand required for the recon
struction, this income of the property
was hypothecated to make up the bal
ance, and -in Jue time wiped it out.
The Stoneman House never rented for
more than 2 per cent, of its cost and
as it was burned under the management
of the successor . to the "John P. Irish
Board," the valley would have been with
out a hotel had we not reblullt the Sen
tinel.
Being unfamiliar with the work of the
present managers of the valley, I assume
that it has been good, and that the in
come from the lease o- the Sentinel Hotel
has contributed most of the surpl&s now
In the revolving fund.
It is certain that if we had not built
that house out cf the' revolving fund, our
successors would have been compelled to
ask for an appropriation from the State
treasury to provide a hotel after the
Stoneman House gave up the ghost. This
was prevented by our foresight and
sound financiering. - ¦ Very truly,
JOHN P. IRISH.
"It Is TJp to You."
"We have made a very low round-trip rate
to the Fan- American - Exposition . at . Buffalo,
and the comfortable Nickel Plate trains, with
Nickel Plate dining cars serving , American
Club meals at 35c to » each. Insure you a
pleasant trip. . Book free showing Pan-Ameri
can views. Buffalo hotel accommodations re
served. JAY W. ADAMS, P. C. P. A., 87
Crocker building, 6an r-ranctoeo. Cal. '.
Low Sates and Fast Time to the Fan-
Amerlcan Exposition. . -•
Round-trip rate to Buffalo, $87. Time of the
Union Pacific Railroad, three and a half days.
Tickets on sale at all offices of the * Southern
Padnc and Union Pacific Railroad companies.
D.' ,W. Hitchcock, general agent, 1 Montgomery
Btrcet, San Francisco. . : >
uuii\. i\ji iiiv.ni. . .
In regard to tenements and temporary, lodging-houses, an investigation in the large cities of \
this country demonstrates that the, people who would be the beneficiaries of such paternalism are,
as a rule, the immigrants who come to us from the paternal governments of Europe, and not
Americans reared to self-helpfulness and independence. '
In its wider outline, then, the proposition to adopt municipal paternalism in this country
is a proposition to reverse the direction of our government, change its purpose and spirit, and
accommodate it to the inherited quality of imported character that was formed under .the anti
podes of the American idea.- But all this is to be done in the presence of universal suffrage and
without change in the operation of American partisan „ politics. It is to-be an. attempt to convert*
to the uses of paternalism a rion-paternal form' of government. ' ' .
Formed upon the theory that government has no business. to be in business, this govern
ment in a lapse of a century, and twelve years under the constitution has developed the strongest
people in the world. Systems are to be judged by/results. The opportunity for advancement, the.
ample scope here given to individual energy; and genius, make the United' States increasingly at
tractive to the people of the world. The tide of •human movement is hitherward, not hence. The'
municipal paternalism of Europe does .not "attract immigration of our native population from the
United States to enjoy the shelter of tenements ' and lodging-houses, baths and medicines, light,
water and transportation under municipal ownership. Therefore may not the advocates of the
non-paternal system plead that it is better for man not to immerse him in the dependence of state
communism, and better for government to confine it to governing and exclude it from business?
It would seem to be certain- that surrender to the physical assertion of paternal govern
ment may in the next century and twelve years impress upon the- spirit of our people that same
dependence which is characteristic of European populations. ;
Systems must be judged "by the results not of one year, the balance sheets of a decade, nor'
the effect upon one generation, but by their prolonged practice upon many generations and
through many decades. '
Already in this country the energetic school that promotes municipal, paternalism has be-,
gun the advocacy of what it- calls the free, supply of public utilities to the people, meaning^thereby
that water, light and transportation shall -be afforded at the expense of the municipality— that^ is'
to say of the taxpayer. In. the^city.^f Buffalo. this proposition has been submitted-to the Common
Council and was indorsed by nearly half 'the '¦¦members.' .Between that arid the supply ~of free boa'rd"
and lodging there is a very thin margin'.that 'can be;' easily crossed if the first step be taken. This"
cult is in the air. It is asserting itself among the forces that control public opinion, and is already?
a power to be reckoned with. The politicians, are reckless in adopting it, for it may make votes,
office, power and salaries. |But the philosophic mind may "well consider the portentous change in
our polity which it must inevitably produce. • /
r I "> HE American scheme , of government was, throughout, an emergence from and rejection
I of paternalism. Its spirit was thaVof the police powei, solely: The duty,of government
I , was to the maintenance of public order, protection of. personal and - prop-'
_ erty rights, and .otherwise freedom of the individual to work out his own destiny. Such
scheme in its beginning conformed to. the independent spirit of the people, and was believed
capable of making that spirit a permanent quality in the- 'American character, and a lasting force
in our social organism. . ! " '
•,6 .>.£••.-. It niay now.be in order, to note -the progressive change that is taking place, as .the result
perhaps of the too rapid reception into our; population of immigrants reared and inbred in tHe cus
toms of. government paternalism that prevail in Europe. In the British isles, in France, Aus
tria, Germany, Belgium, Norway, and even in Russia, paternalism .goes to the extent, of assuming
as matters of municipal concern the provision of houses, railways,- gas,' water,' electricity, insur
ance, saving banks x medicine^ civil pension's and daily occupation for the people. The public service
industries in the list are made- to -yield* a ; profit to the? paternal government. In Glasgow the
city furnishes two-roomed housesTfor a rental of $3 25 per month,, temporary night lodgings, baths,
etc., and clears 5 per cent per annum on the investment.- This method is in practice in other
European cities, paying also a profit in excess of the ordinary returns on private capital in similar
use in the United States. . : '. / ; . ' •
But it must be noted that all this is everywhere done under the operation of complete
paternalism, and the beneficiaries of the system are people who are willing to have such things
done for them. - ' ¦ ¦" ; ' \ h;/v.
f'Tour theory is astonishing," I said, 1
"but far more rational than Donnelly's
and not nearly so far-fetched as some of
the assumptions in that ton-of-a-book
which George Brandes has recently
dumped on the dust-heap of Shake
spearean commentary. Why don't you
throw it out .as a tub for critic whales to
charge at?"
"I don't pretend to be a professional
writer." said the Lady with dignity, "but
I'll make you a present of the Idea if you
care to write it up."
So that is how this dialogue came to be
recorded.
? • •
The Lady of Large Discrimination look
ed at me with aggrieved and compassion
ating expression'liketo that which she
assumes when I beg 1 , her not to put on
her hat five minutes before, the curtain
falls. ' .
"Those other men, the ladder upon
which Shakespeare climbed to reputation,
were his contemporary dramatists— men
like John Lyly, Thomas Lodge, Robert
Greene, George Peele, Christopher Mar
lowe, Thomas Nash, George Chapman,
Thomas Kyd. Thomas Mlddleton and John
Fletcher— most of them men of wild life
and utterly lacking in that commercial in
stinct, that shrewd practical common
sense which is so striking a characteristic
of Shakespeare. These men, or most
of them, were constantly In debt. When
harassed by bailiffs they would come to
Shakespeare and sell him a play or the
scenario of a play. This he would work
over himself or more probably get some
other poetry-stricken dramatist to work
over. The result is what we have In the
anthology that goes under the title of
the Shakespearean drama. That this an
thology should have been the work of one
man, and such a man as Shakespeare, Is
incredible. My theory perfectly explains
its depth, its range, its variety and its
beauty, for it is the product collected by
Manager Shakespeare, the Frohman of his
age, of all the good dramatic poets of the
Elizabethan era." .
sixteen years before at Hampton Court
called 'The Historic of Error.' Now, I
agree with Mr. Sidney Lee, if you don't,
¦when he Bays that 'such plays as these,
although each gave promise of a dramatic
capacity out of the common way, cannot
be with certainty pronounced to be be
yond the ability of other "men." " v '^: :>¦.
"But you. forget that Shakespeare glori
ously redeemed this promise by the com
position - of his next play, 'Romeo and
Juliet.-' " ;
"I can't forget it.' because I never be
lieved It. I do not allow that he wrote
that play." . ' . •
"Then who did?" asked I, amazed/
"That's where my theory, comes in." re
sponded the Lady cheerfully. "Having
established, as above, an antecedent im
probability that he could write such a
play, I now find it reasonable to suppose
that HE was just as capable of recog
nizing his Incapacity as . I am. Having
recognized it, what was he to do? Depend
upon his meage.r earnings as a bad actor?
He was too ambitious for that. Abandon
the theatrical business? Not while there
was an opportunity of making money out
of It by In any way utilizing the experi
ence he had gained during his ! prentice
years."
"Given the well-known conditions of
the stage In 1592, I fall to see any , such
opportunity," said I, decisively!
"That's because you're not a Shake
speare," announced the . Lady authorita
tively. "He saw the tide rising in the
affairs of OTHER men, which, taken at
the flood, was to lead HIM on to fortune.
He took It, and, supported thereby,' rode
triumphantly into the harbor of reputa
tion and riches. The other men were
drowned."
"Drowned!" I exclaimed with a ehud
der. "Who were they? Who drowned
them?" ' .
"Shakespeare drowned them, of course.
And do you really mean to say. you don't
know who they were?" . .
"With shame and contrition, I must con
fess I haven't the remotest Idea."
"Next, it's the same old story. His .next
play. 'The Comedy of Errors,' Is nothing
but a wild farce, not only based upon a
most glaring Improbability— which is par
donable, but containing contradictions
and breaks in the logic of development
which are quite unpardonable. Besides,
most of the good things In it are taken
from Plautus or from an old play acted
"Because Shakespeare was ashamed to
own it. He put his name on the title page
of 'Love's Labor's Lost,' published In
quarto in 1598, but he never acknowledged
'The Two Gentlemen of Verona,' which
was not published until seven years after
his death."
"Tour argument Is ingenious if not cor
rect. What nipxt?"
"Indeed? How do you know?"
"Well, after he had done so poorly with
an original plot he thought he'd steal ose
next time, bo he borrowed from the Earl
of Southampton Wilson's manuscript
translation of Montemayor's Spanish ro
mance. 'Diana,' He had to read it in a
translation, of course, as he knew no lan
guage but his own and that not very well
— suffering, as Matthew Arnold so . well
says, 'from the defects of a bad educa
tion.' Then he found In the property
room of the Shored.tch Theater the man
uscript of an old play called 'Felix and
Philomena,' acted in 1548, and by putting
these two together he patched out an
adaptation' which he called 'The Two
Gentlemen of Verona.' That was a fail
ure, too."
"I see; go on, I beg."
"Of course— tried and failed. The evi
dence is perfectly clear for that. His first
play was 'Love's Labor's Lost,' the only
play for which he ever originated a plot
and certainly the poorest of all those that
go under his name. It Is utterly unread
able to-day and has proved utterly inca
pable of holding the stage. When it was
published in 1598 it was certainly no better
than It Is 303 years later. It Is a failure
now; so It must have been a failure then."
'•Tried and failed!"
"Well, it's Just this." said the Lady with
the utmost seriousness: "After Shake
speare had tried playwrltlng and failed—"
"I pray you, expound."
"Then who did? They didn't descend
from the heavens above, nor yet did they
arise from the waters beneath."
"I have a theory — much better than
Donnelly's."
"JCot entirely."
"Well, I do," said, the Lady, with con
viction, "and that settles it eo far as I am
concerned. I tell you that Shakespeare,
being what he was. COULDN'T have writ
ten all those lovely plays."
I HAVE a great contempt for the
theory that Bacon wrote Shake
speare." said the Lady of Large Dis
crimination; "Donnelly's cryptogram
la a ¦ fraud upon the face of It. yet
I hare a secret sympathy for what Don
nelly waa trying to do. He had just the
eame feeling abottt Shakespeare I ve often
had myself." «_w*
"And what was that, pray?' 1 • as^ d
very meekly, for it was evident that the
Lady was terribly In earnest
"I have often felt." she replied unhesi
tatingly, "that such a man as we know
Shakespeare to have been could never
have written such beautiful plays and so
many of them. Just think; a country
lout with little or no education, a fugi
tive from Justice, a holder of horses
around theater doors, a hanger-on behind
• the scenes, a poor actor In small parts,
a hard drinker and a close-flsted land
lord, a parasite at rich men's tables——
"Hold, hold!" I said deprecatlngly. the
evidence for the accusations you hurl at
the Bweetest-tempered soul " t
"Sw«etest-tempered fiddlesticks, re
plied the Lady; "and as for evidence, can
you deny that the facts, as given In any
good life of Shakespeare, will bear^the
Interpretation I have put on them?'
"I admit they will bear that Interpreta
tion, but etill that Is not the Interpreta
" tlon a charitable man would put on
them." i
"Charitable MAN, Indeed! Charitable
MAN! Of course not. That's because
you're a man, Tou men always hang to
gether. Suppose, now. that Shakespeare
had been a woman and had done all those
things; would you believe she could have
created such, characters as Portia and
Miranda?"
"I must confess that I never heard of a
food .book being written by a bad wo
man."
"Nor by a bad man. either," replied the
Lady, triumphantly. "What Is It Milton
says? 'Before a man can be a good poet
he must be a good man.' Don't you be-
Hevo that?"
MUNICIPAL ¦ PATERNALISM.
THE : --'sA-y ; : f;FBA^
S/VN F^RANeiSGQ GAL;!^
JOHN O. S PR ECKELS." Proprieton > ; Communications .to^W. S. LEAKE,^ Manager
SUNDAY .....i... ;....... ;..../..:.,:..... : '.-. „ .V. ~.;V. ;.;......".. V.:.. /:..JV-...'.:...;C. ;....;...... JUNE 2^.1001
By L. Du Pont Syle.
NEW THEORY AS TO WHO
Wrote Shakespeare Reported
THIS TIME IN A DIALOGUE.
18
ADVERTISEMENTB.
I The booK every- |
I body is talhing I
1 [^UNCY-AlMMJ-JAwYER] I
M «n kasok's corker folks u
B **Tk* VSltr* OoMlpt mtoM vfc. b« m, Mf
fi vku f vti, wku M u« tor. ul In H
m . *—€ ** Irinlil u> May.* . H
I The best Hew England |
I sfory ever written. I
I Over 100,000 1
I Jit all booksellers \
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailal
on Applleatlon.
COAL, COKE A.XD PIO IROX
J-C WILSON & CO J! 00 B * tter * St ««-
* v \\\isO\jn u vu-. telephone M*la UM.
COPPERSMITH.
rW SMITH f£ lp St umt >lnc. eteamboatand
\f n« OfllllUt 6hip Work a epecl&Ur. II and
II Wa«bln»ton «t Telephone Main EML
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAJ* ui/lLij U. V«- . Clay. TeL Main 12M.
— _—
J-UBRICATUCO OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.'
41S SVont et.. S. F. Fboas Main 1T1».
PRINTINO.
EC HTTfiHFC • printer.
\r nUUDC3i en Eanaozn* at.. B. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.'
THE HICKS- JXTDD CO., - . • *¦¦ - • ¦ •
tX First Street Baa Frtadaea.
I ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ..
fcip£> in Shoe Mating
y J sabot tD the beautiful shoes we arc
offerrno; this week in children's and
i!S^^3.^^mL nvsses' sizes. Made in dark tan
9j$F&F^^^Mftz3ck v * ci k*<* l ace > with heavy single
Fj^7^^5teWns^^\ 'bSt soles, spring: herls, circular foxed,
E% \3^wS^»5g J jgwr coin tees. Every pair guaranteed.
i^y^^" /^ ¦ \ Sizes 6 to 8, 85c pzt pair.
1^ / ' "\ . ,- ' t \ Sizes 82 to \\ t 95c per pair*
JF/ \ |\ 1/ / \ r 3J$mi Sizes Jl« to 2, 81.15.
W • )£— •-/ ">j Do .you know what Pegamoid" Leggings
HTThw mz ' They are just the things for th% out*
B i/ff?JTsi!tv^ ' ,d<ffl\iKffg* ing season. They will neither tear nor rip,
V*JSJf MJMlwm^SmS^ and th: T Wiar like Jr3n - We are cfferIn s
¦ xfflijBiHlHwW**^ them this we?k, for children between 3 and
I /*%' : fir*V •' i 10 vears, for, 65c the pair...
¦ £- J RT .^4 Send postal far our new spring catalogue
I . - ¦ "' , of largest shoe stock in California.
I Bi Katscltfnskii
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
8 O THIRD ST. SanTqanciscojcai j,
I wash SKnyrs.** j
I Special attention is invited to our enormous stocK o! |
I LADIES' WASH SKIRTS, which embraces EVERY- g
|\ THING DESIRABLE AND SUITABLE FOR SUMMER |
I WEAR, and, as usual with _ '-all our^ offerings, they |
§ % will be found on sale this weeK at ; PRICES THAT |
I MAKE THEM DOUBLY ATTRACTIVE. -•.-¦- V _ g
§ . _ . We ar« also showing a peerless collection of values in |
I LADIES' SILK SHIRT WAISTS; |
1 GOLF ' K l Ci^S,i AUTOMOBILE COATS, JACKETS, |
I T^(m-MADE- SUTlVSKIRTS, Etc., and have Just |
§ . uncascd-an immense purchase o! CLOTHS, from which |
3 SUTK >WILL BE' MADE TO ORDER/ We have a, |
I ifrst-class tailor on the premises, arid also a first-class a
I fitter and cutter. A PERFECT FIT IS GUARANTEH) |
B| :0R:M0NEY WHT BE REFUNDED. ¦> *• ".••> V ; ' r |
1 J. O^BWEN & GO., ,.:]
I 1142 TO 1U6 MARKET STREET. |ing Industries opened up by the discovery
of fuel oil in large quantities. All organ
izations that have for their purpose the
advancement of the natural interests of
the State are urged to do what they can
to push the consumption of fuel oil on
ward. This is a •suggestion that all the
oil- producers of the State will certainly
approve. - .
P It pays some men to be honest, "because,
they have less competition. . *•
( Hamilton Haige,\ a ma/ine engineer BO
years of age, fell f rom " ah Alameda train
last night and fractured his skull. He was
brought to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment. . • .--, '
Marine Engineer Injured.
sumption of that right is Inadvisable for
1 The°lecture will undoubtedly be of great
pleasure and profit to those who may at
tend. - ¦•.:•¦.¦¦¦¦•. ¦ ¦ ¦•¦ • ¦''¦¦'¦ : ¦ ; ¦ '. - ¦ ;
CLAKA! BEIXE BROWN
' . TO DELIVER ' LECTTTKE
Opponent of Female Suffrage Comes
to Establish a Following' In •
. ;V .7 ¦¦; . San: !Fran.cisco. -
Clara Bell Brown, the famous anti-fe
male suffragist, Is to lecture 'on , "Woman's
Love, ; not ..Woman's I Vote" _£ at ?• Sherman
and Clay Hall next Monday evening; j> For
more* than twenty; years Mrs.; Brown" has
made s th« i subject i of 'woman 'suffrage a
deep study and during I that time she has
achieved I considerable '¦ prominence •- as a
lecturer and writer. 1 She is a great friend
of Mrs. U. S. Grant, and during President
Grant's ' administration .was a • frequent
visitor at the White House. ¦¦ ' ; '. <¦. > ,,
* .The ' text of : her: teachings > Is , that ' wo
man's place is that 1 which she has always
occupied and : though perhaps « she has > a
moral right " to vote, ¦ nevertheless ! the » as-
The other stowaway is a lad named
Pail, and as the immigration officer will
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Australia arrived from Tahiti yesterday.
Strange to say the natives have already
learned how to steal a passage and the
mall boat bro-ught up ; two stow
aways ln consequence. One of them is in
irons and will remain locked up until
th° steamship gets back to Papeete, when
be will be turned over to the French au
thorities. His name Is Mauu and he Is
an escaped prisoner. He was arrested for
stealing pearl shell and pearls and was
awaiting sentence when the . Australia
reached port. He thought It a good chance
to get away, so the day the steamship
sailed he broke jail and stowed away. He
¦wll! not see much of San Francisco on
this visit.
not. allow him to land he also will have
to go back.
The cabin passengers who came up on
the Australia were:
. John Brander, Mr. and Mrs. Captain G. Ber
ude and three children, Mr. and Mrs. Chatles
Brault and four children, Mr. and Mrs. Gaston
Brunei and four children, P. - Cheyrouz-*, Mrs.
Lillian d'Ancona, S. E. R. d'Smidt. Mrs. Vic
toria de Verplzier, Constant Deflesselle, Louis
Flemelng. Edgar H. Fritch, A. Goupil, Miss A.
Goupll, J. S. Hutchinson, Mrs. Joseph Hutehln-.
son. Miss K. F. Hutchinson. Mr. and Mrs. O.
L. Kennedy, Emlle Levy, Jullen Levy, Captain
A. Peterson, Victor Rey, Mr. and Mrs. F. S.
Samuels, Miss A. Samuels, Harold Samuels, I.
P. Ware. .
F. S. Samuels of the Oceanic Steamship
Company says that Tahiti is the most de
lightful spot he has ever visited. By the
kindness of Governor Ddourd Petit he
was able to travel all over the Island and
he and his party had a most delightful
outing. " j "
"Great preparations are being made at
Papeete for the celebration of the Fall of
the Bastile," said Mr. Samuels yesterday
"Governor Petit is golng'to the Marquesas
and the Australia will pick him up on the
next voyage to Tahiti. With him go 300
Marquesans who are to take part in the
two days' festival. On the return trip the
Australia will take the natives back to
their homes. The celebration will be the
finest ever seen in Tahiti and will be
worth going half way around the . world
to see." .•
Tourists to Tahiti will get full value for
their money on the next trip of the Aus
tralia. There will be a call at the Mar
quesas, four coral groups will be passed
on the way and then there will be the
festival. The French gunboat Zelee was
a.t Papeete and the Durance at New Cale
donia when the Australia sailed, while the
cruiser Protet had sailed for Panama,
SOUTH SEA ISLANDERS PREPARE TO CELEBRATE
THE ANNIVERSARY OF FALL OF THE BA5TILE
The complaint is made by the Los An
geles Herald that the State Board of
Trade Js not doing anything to advertise
the merits of California fuel oil as ade
quately as fruit and other products are
favored. In addition to teaching the res
idents of California of the merits of fuel
oil there is the greater task of inducing
capital to enter Into various manufactur-
Unless more, than one-half of. the local
production of at Losy Angeles
is pledged " to the agreement formulated
by the Producers' Association, the com
bination will confine its attention .at first
to the marketing and handling of the oil,
securing better rates for hauling, if pos
sible, before an attempt will be made to
set a new market value. This intention
of the parties in Interest is stated by the
Los Angeles Times. It -therefore appears
that not one-half is yet signed. A meet
ing of all the lecal producers at Los An
geles has been called for the purpose of
giving information to those who do not
thoroughly understand the proposition.
Many of the smaller producers have not
been conversant with the plan in all of
its details. Oil is now selling at from 70
to 75 cents per barrel at Los Angeles. The
price may be put at 85 cents per barrel
by the comblna as a starter when the
time comes, this being dependent upon
the association getting the handling of
more than a controlling share of the out
put..' x
TV. M. Bramhall announces that the
new refinery at Summerland will manu
facture liquid asphalt exclusively, as
there will be no by products, for the rea
son that no stills will be used. , The
same concern has . a refinery at Ventura.
Flans of Producers.
The gift to : President McKinley ; of
lands In Fresno. County will naturally ati
tract attention: ; The news "of the gift was
given yesterday in The Call. The land
thus deeded to the President is thus de
scribed by the Fresno Evening Democrat :
To-day there was filed 'with the CountyTte
corder a quitclaim deed from John J. E&gen of
Oakland to the President, conveying title to an
undivided fourth . Interest in the northeast
quarter , of 22-19-14. This property is situated
between five and ! six miles due west of Oil
City, ln , the Coaltnga field. This immediate
district has not been much developed as yet,
but , Is within the West I Side, fields. The con
sideratlcn for this fourth interest In a quar
ter nection is between $1500 and $2000— a pretty
good price— which certainly shows confidence in
the pcbsibllltles of the field. Among the com
panies within a few miles of the President's
prop«rty' are the Roanoke and Fresno-San
Francisco, in section 36-9-11. and El Capltan
and Coalinga Standard in 2-^0-14. the first two
named 'being within two miles and the second
two about three miles away. : ¦> ,
Fourth Interest . in Quarter
Section "West From
. ' Ooalinga. /
Oil \ Land /Presented, to
President McKinley
Is Described. ,
TWO COMPANIES
NEAR HIS LAND
In the old gold placer camps of the Navajo
and La Panza more work has been done this
eeason than for many years. Messrs. Case and
Alley have had a good run • with • their small
hydraulic plant, and, it is reported, have
made a good clean-up. A great deal of other
work has been done, but most of it ln a small
way, either . with > a small - string ¦ of sluice
boxes or with the old-time rocker. This dis
trict would be a large producer if water could
be had on the hill gravel, which is often very
good. There are several square miles of coun
try ; that is well covered . with gravel varying
from 6 cents to II per > cubic yard. In many
places this , gravel reaches a great thickness,
sometimes as much as sixty feet. All of the
email gulches carry' enough gold that yield
returns with a rocker. The district has been
worked more or less for thirty years, and it is
reported that $200,000 alone has g been taken
from ( the La. Panza ' Creek." 1 1 On the . Navajo
Creek Is one < of ¦ the i best ' propositions : for a
gold dredger j that there ¦ is in • the State, there
being a basin i 6100 1 feet in lenoth and 300 feet
wida 1 that I has an average , depth of twenty
feet. Every yard of this gravel, by thorough
test, shows' an : average value : of " 60 cents '
Plenty .¦;- of . water is : found - ; on ,' bedrock for
the purpose of dredging and the gravel would
be «asy to • handle. « * V ¦
Three big teams laden with mining machin
ery passed . through here this week for the
Poorman mine at Railroad ¦ Flat, A large
amount of money is being spent on this prop
erty this spring and work of vast proportions
has been going on. Hydraulic pipe for the Cox
mine on Grapevine Gulch, owned by Lillte &
Emery of the Duchess mine, Parrotts ¦ Ferry
was delivered at Valleclto on the 20th Instant.
The Beatrice mine, near town, is in a fair
way to be developed in a practical manner
soon, as an Eastern company has taken hold
of the property. : ; .- '
• Concerning ¦•> mining operations in San
Luis Oblspo County the Los Angeled Her
ald says: \
The Calaveraa Citizen says:
Work of I>3velopment
I The Feliciana group of mines, near
Jacksonville on the south side of the
Tuolumne River, have been bonded to Los
Angeles parties for $24,000. There are four
claims in- the group, the Fellciana and an
adjoining claim being owned by H. Favot,
while the northwest extension is owned
by L. Lebrun and the southeast extension
by C. A. J. Waterman. The bon.ler3 have
j agreed to commence operations j within
thirty days.; . ; - . ¦ ?.¦'- <
The .old Banner mine has been sold to
W. P. Lynch and L.'J. Kohl of Cherokee.
The property will, so it is reported, be
abandoned. It has proved to be unprofit
able to continue* In its jbest days It
turned out a large amount of good ore. It
was located in 1852 and was operated until
1859. Therv it was closed for twenty years.
In recent years it has, been worked by an
English syndicate, which j has expended
many thousands. There is a forty-stamp
mill on the property, with electrical,
water and steam, power. . ¦ -: < • .
The miners along: Klamath River from Ham
burgh to Happy Camp are crowding work day
and night in hydraulic mining." They blow
up the hard banks with tremendous force of
powder, for loosening them, eo that the grlants
can sluice down the gravel and - Immense
boulders. There are several claims along the
river valued from $100,000 upward, that will
yield a great amount of gold this season, by
reason of a 1 pood supply of water. The cold
weather during' the winter months kept the
enow from melting- besides hardening for
slower melting, to be of greater benefit during
the present warm weather. >
The Yreka Journal says:
tnis year.
The Yreka Journal gives an account of
mining- operations In SIskiyou County.
The old Greenhorn mine may be reopened,
negotiations to that end being jn pro
gress. The dredger- at Hawkinsvllie is
In the present channel of the creek water.
There are negotiations pending for estab
lishing a portable smelter at Forks of
Humbug to work up the Humbug oies.
The Geological Survey.
I>uringr the fiscal year, of 1901-1902 the
work of the United States Geological Sur
vey in California will include a continua
tlon of the study of the auriferous de
posits of the mother* lode- reerton, by
George F. Becker, who is also in cnar&e
of the division of chemical and physical
researches; the' geological survey of parts
of San Mateo, Santa : Cruz and Santa
Clara counties, by Professor J. C. Bran
ner of Stanford University; geological
surveys in Shasta County by J. S. DUler;
work in San Bernardino, Kern, Marlposa,
Madera, Fresno and Tuolumne counties
by H. W. Turner: further study I of - the
petroleum resources by George H. L.M
ridge, and continuation of topographical
mapping in Santa Barbara and San Diego
counties. . • . .
The gold miners at Cripple Creek, Colo.,
will have a fine chance this year to put
their properties before the public. The
Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress,
which will meet there, will draw a great
crowd of men of business. The expecta
tion is that there will be about 3000 dele
gates elected. Next year the Trans-Mls
sissippians may come to California. Such
a proposition is entertained in certain
quarters. -
Mining activity at Trinity Center is re
ported by the Scott Valley Advance to be
unusual, i The Sikes placer mine has been
worked, to full capacity for some months
continuously. A new cyaniding plant has
been installed at the - Headlight mine,
which will soon begin work. There is a
new dredger to operate on the Boyce
land. Other properties will be exploited
this year.
The Yrplra -Tniirnfll sHven nn aof.ni:n# r>*
Cripple Creek's Chance.
Simultaneously with this news comes
a story concerning coal deposits of much
seeming value on the Mojave Desert, ln
what ate known as the Heald coal Uelds.
iLoa Angeles people. have recently secured
the lanu, which was originally exploited
by F. A: Heald, the original discoverer of
the coal at that place. There are 640 acres
in the claim. The Los Angeles Herald
says that there is a large deposit of line
coal, which may furnish fuel for Los An
geles. The coal now being mined is
nauled to Randsburg. . .
* An interesting discovery has been made
near Spokane, Wash.,. -. by ; the- United
States Marble Company. 'According to
j the published statements there is a large
supply of onyx there, .which is so situ
ated as to be easily mined at very low
cost. The waste rock Is thrown from the
top. of a cliff into a canyon. The com
pany Is working 'night and day on the
mlne. K • . ,
The new slate quarry near Pla'cerville is
turning out very well. The property Is
located at Kelsey. " The Bangor Slate
Company has bought 440, acres of land
and a small force of men is opening up
the quarry. ¦ y . . .
¦ California* manganese is being sold • In
large quantities in the Kast. ;It is used
by the steel, manufacturers. Shipments
have been sent from ! Tesla to the Illinois
Steel "Works at Chicago, r The Tesla j de
posit was discovered ln 1858, but after 1860
no manganese was mined there until lately.
The deposit is very large. There is near
It a hill of fine sand, suitable for use in
the manufacture of glass. Manganese is
also used in glass-making, so that the
conjunction of, the two articles is inter
esting. Glass factories in the ' Bast have
placed orders for shipments of the Tesla
manganese. The owners have decided to
put in a large force to mine It.
Activity • Is Reported Prom
Different Sections V
. of State. ; -
Coast Yields Surprises
r for Knights: of V
the Pick.
MINERS LOCATE
RICH MINERALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 2, 1901.
19
MISCELLANEOXIS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
; OCEAN TRAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« Steamers leave Broadway
1^: ' • . Wharf. San Francisco: ,
For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
mMik . June 5. 10. 15. JO. 15. 30. July
H^^kJBH^ 5 - Change to company's
tm BKrVtga steamers at Seattle.
KM w For Victoria, Vancrover (B.
¦^¦MriRW C ¦>• Port Townsend, Seattle.
j IS Tacoma. Everett. Anacorr^a
and New "Whatcom ("Wash.) —
11 a. m.. June S. 10. IS. 30, 25. W.
July S, and every fifth day thereafter. Changr*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
lor N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:SO p. m..
June 2. 7, 11. 16. 21, 28. July 1. and every flftU
day thereafter.
' For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Beles) — Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, • a. i m.
For Los Anreles. calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obisoo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventbra, Bueneme, San Pedro. : Eaat San • Pe-
dro, "Newport (•Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, .1 a- rn. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
¦»».*!.. ,. .
For Bnsenada..MagdaIena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. Tth each
1 month. ¦ - • .
For farther information obtain company's
folders. •
• " The company reserves the rlsrht to chaag*
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sailing;
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICB-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ¦ -
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
¦ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R.& N. CO.
Only Gt-tom.*ja.mJkxi.Tp> . Idxis *c»
- PORTLAND, Or., >
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
petnts East. Through tickets to all
points, nil mil oi* wtewmshlp and rail, at
ZiOW JsZSS'X 1 XIAVUa).
8TIAXZB TICKETS INCLTTSZ BXSTH aa< MXAZ&
SS. COLUMBIA.. Sails Juna 2, 13, 23. July t, 13
83. GEO. W. ELDER
.....Sails June 7, 17, 27. July 7. 17, 27
D.W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Art.. l.MonUfom'y,S-S\
AMERICAN LJNE.
HSW TOSK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOITOOH. PASI&.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
. From New Torlc Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. .
St. Paul JuneWiSt. Louis... July 17
St. Louis June 26 St. Paul August ?
St. Paul JulylOJSt. Louis August 14
j% RED. STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
; From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland*,.. — June 11 1 Kensington .....July t
Southwark . June 19l*Zeeland .„ July 10
•Vaderiand June 26 1 Frlesland .......July IT
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
1 INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
: ' , • /CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMRRS WTL1. LEAVE WHARJT.* COR-
ner First. and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received ' on board oa
day of- aalllnar. " "•-• - . •
.88. HONGKONG MARU.Saturdayf June », 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday, July 17, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office. .
421. Market street, corner First. -
¦ • . - ; ' W. H, AVERT. General' Agent.
oceanlcs.s.co.aiig
SS.-ZEALANDIA. (Honolulu- only)..:........ *
Saturday. June S, J p. m.
SS, VENTURA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
....' : Thursday, Jan* 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for TahlU
v***:....... .......... ..Sunday, June 80, at 4 p. m.
J. D.SPRECXELS & BH03. CO., Stneral Agtnts. 327 lartet St
Qn'l Fusttgr Qtfica, 643 Harht St., rtir Is. 7. Pacific tt
PANAMA HB.S'
TO NEWYORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
- , , ¦•--¦ Cabin. «103;. Steerage, f40.
5. 8. Leelanaw sails Monday, Juns 3
6.S. Argyll '.satis Monday. June 24
6. 8. Lec'anaw : satla . Monday. July IS
v - From Harrison-street -Wharf at S p. m.
Freight and passenger office.. 820 Market it.
F. F. , CONNOR. Padflc Coast Agent.
,CO»A8H1X eiHISlLS TBAH3ATLASTIQ01
DIRECT' LINE TO HAVRK-PARI3. --^^-w
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Dler *2, «S«b»Jbh1>
North River, foot of Morton street. La Cham-
pagne, June S: *La Lorraine, June 13; •L'Aqul-
talne. June 20: La Bretncns, June 27. '.
.- First class to Havre, J35 and upward. Second
class to Havre. MS and upward. : GJCNitHAi*
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN- 1
ADA, S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. P. . FUGAZI : & CO., Paciflo Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket* Agents.
'¦ Twin ; Screw Batpres* Steamers. -. .
SAT AND BIVEB STKAirffRa.
FORfU; s; HAVY YARD AMD YALLEJ3.
", 8teamers 6M. FRISBBB or MOHTICMXO
»:i5a. m., S:15 and 8:30 p. ra. (sxcspt gua-
day): Sunday, 9:« a. m., 8:80 p. m. Lhtci
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. • p. m. (except
Sunday): Sunday 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. HATCH BROa.
Report of
Progress
, .- .. at our;..;\.
QUICKSILVER MINES,
. At the SILVER B CREEK B QTJICKSIliVER • I
MINE, nine miles from San ' Jose, MR. ' ROB- :
ERT SCOTT, the greatest ¦ furnace^ builder in
the . ,. ¦world, \ :•'; and ¦¦:: .' the l^invehtor '-, of ; ' ; the ]
Scott Tile , Furnace, C states '\ that ; " he .-will ; have
the furnace and | condensers completed on 'June"
20.^ Stock is now selling at ,75. cents per/share,
and will be advanced'about that date without
notice. We s *n[ of fthe : opinion that our . mine
will prove .to • be as good : as the* Almaden,*' in
which ; event .. this' stock wiU " be worth at least
J2Q0 ; per ¦hare..;. .:. ;:'-; : ' : .:-:-\' r '¦' ¦'
:\ At the ; BRADFORD ; QUICKSILVER MINIS,"
in San 1. Benlto :; County, we ' own 400 acres , of
land, ; United States , patent," and have a shaft
down 360 ' feet ! In ore. with ¦ complete . hoist f and
buildings ' and about 1000 ! feet of tunnels in the
ledge I all ready,; for ) a* furnace." ; Stock ' in 1 this
mine j now , ' selling - f or '_ BOc share , If ; taken •
with^equal amount of Silver Creek stocks "at 75
-. j,.; H.R.- BRADFORD,
¦ Managing Owner, : '.
'',' : ,._. ¦> ' ' l - '7 North Market' st", < San -Jose. 1 v'
. . Prospectus and exhibits ' at . branch office, 413
Kearny S St., v San; Francisco^- ;^V ':¦].-,¦ ".¦•¦¦¦ ::
. F. ; DB : FREITAS,- Agent .
ADVEBTISEMENT8. ,
M^sn. ¦ * lilt* *J§ i^ « ¦ " ~ ?0 J j^w^j If' i^^B
¦ SHIRT WAISTS AT HALF-We succeeded in DurchasinK \ S
n for cash an exceptionally cood line of $1.50 shirt waists in madras ¦
m and percale— some tucked, some plain and some with embroidery in- V
fl sertion trimming— and will place them on sale to-morrow —^iust the H
¦ thing for the coming summer —^you cannot have too many — sale be- H
¦ ginvat 8 a. m:.. ........:.:.... ..(75c each ¦
¦ ¦¦¦-¦¦¦,.,-.¦• \, For Sa/e at Both Storesi " ¦
¦ WASH SILK WAISTS -Striped-unusually pretty-sizes ¦
¦ 32 to 44 — for your vacation .$2.85 CSCh B
¦ BLACK ALPACA WAISTS -The most sensible waists 1
B you can t»uy —^very serviceable — sizes 34, 36 and 38 only — on account H
fl of the broken. sizes we will close them out at §1.10 each I
fl PERSIAN TAPESTRY PILLOW pAGS— Trimmed ¦
B with a tassel— with or without pillows— very serviceable. fl
B Without pillows -50c each * fl
. H With. pillows ...:.................. $1.1O each fl
M TORCHON LACES —2 to 3 1-3 inches wide— special all fl
H week 5c yard B
B KID GLOVES — Another lot of two-clasp, embroidered back fl
B dollar kid gloves^ — in black, tan or red— in all sizes, to be placed on fl
H. sale, beginning to-morrow... ..". 59c pair fl
fl TAILOR MADE SUITS— The immense" popularity of our fl
fl * tailor-made suits has caused many lines to be broken in sizes— the- - fl
H odd assortments have been reduced to cost to close them out — if . I
M your size is here it is a chance to get a good suit at a bargain — ¦
M Our $19.00 suits on sale to-morrow $13.25 ¦
fl > Our $21.00 suits on sale to-morrow 15.0O ¦
9 Our $15.00 suits on sale to-morrow 0.75, ¦
I Monday and Tuesday Only.
I $22.50 TAILOR DROSSES. ..... .$12.50
1 $12.50 TAFFETA ETONS......^.$7,50 I
I ~ W On Sale Monday and '-4I^P---- : I
I &Wl&& THE BIGGEST GEN- JS. I
I '^SrsP 1 UINE .BARGAINS ever jSrT) I
I 3T'*. f offered in New and" Stylish '"--I I I
I — *k*^^s»*. ' they're all silk lined * and J< I
I /l^wNffw were always priced at $12.50. T/l ¦
I fflS^V^tm Ve have I7S of tnen ?- some / f\ 1
fl niS^vvBnTO a11 tucke(^' some plain with L / I
I flKwSW satin, straps, and some lace w* I
I Jll^^wiy trimmed, an exceptional I I
I \ ll-^^JM A GENUINE BARGAIN (J| "J jj- f| / \ I
I W\ '¦'" Tl FOR MONDAY AND V f h|| /' . \ I
I S1V • 1 TUESDAY AT......'U.IIUV / \\ I
I pt " fv* The Biggest Dress / I \\ I
I Bargain Ever "^S^V V I
I ¦ Offered. \ I
I 225 Fine Tailor-made Dresses," regularly priced $18.00, $20.00 and I
I $22.50. Fine all-wool cloths, trimmed or stitched, taffeta silk lined.
I They're all perfect in every respect and absolutely all this season's I
I styles^Grays. Tans. Blues. Browns and Black. Every one is an I
I excellent value for $18.00, $20.00 and $22.50. I
I A Genuine Bargain f op 6 IQ tn I
I Monday and Tuesday at dlZ.JU I
I On account of the wonderful reductions in the price of thesf I
I -Dresses and Taffeta Etons all alterations will be charged for extra. I
I ¦ -/ : " " ¦-¦¦ " ¦ ' ¦ ¦-•¦.¦ ' / ¦ .;.'.'*'¦ .'.¦'¦ . '- ,-.''V*..' ; .- I
!*J^^^HPJBBBI^SSSSB^Bl^B^BB^B^B^SBBB»B»»»B^n^^^»»^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^a^^^^^^^^^^^ I
f EDUCATE YOUR BOWELS
Don't neglect the slightest sign of irregularity but
see that you have at least one natural, easy movement
a day. Pills/ salts and black draughts are dangerous
because they strain and, weaken the bowels.
you want is a mild but sure tonic laxative, that tones arid
strengthens the bowels and > stimulates their movements*
Such a laxative is CASCARETS, arid when you
try them, you will find that it is the easiest thing in
the world to make and keep your bowels dean and
regular, strong and healthy. Sample box lOc.^ Month's
treatment 50c By keeping the bowels clean, all serious
disorders are
¦ j^^tT^k PREVENTED BY .
yt^L \ II vA. ¦ w^. VHk ¦
LIVER TOINIC t%m0^^
all druggists. H ¦ » SOU) IN BULK.
c I II fl B on the stomach, bloated bowels, fool Illlltnlllllrrll £ ™ *« .old. Mow It I.
UUilU month, beadmebe, indigestion, pimples, U 1111111111 I LLU "£ " l^l *V*L on t £l™ •
P«l«" *"«r eatLDK, Urer trouble, mHow complexion .„, Umr mmt t, e tn*, la the world. * tKi. ifrtiointi p?oo?"r
¦addUrfneefc flhen jroar bow« • don't moTe rejo- «Si*£eTn?i™<l rarVertto^toftll! WehU°e«S3^J '
larljr you are petUns sick. Constipation kills more ' will sell CASCABETS absolutely vnarmnteed to ear* or - ¦
people than ail other diseases together. It is a vmonejretmntoA. «obor today, two ftOc boxes, rlTe them a '
•tarter for the chronic ailments and lone Tears of tUr, kon«rt trial, «• p«r •tuple direction*, and if yon are ; \
.effering tkat eome^leT^arS" No mattir what S«Sfatt1?^^Vi?to^.fc^^ffi^SSifftf^
ail* yon, uULrt talcT.is OA8CABETB to-day, Tor yon ZZ^w%£Z32£afuZS* j5™?Si2jtaffl{tfcS y >
will never get well and be well aU tlie tlmenntll int^^^^<SS^M^SS S^r^S^mS^u^lirt^
yon put roar bowels right. Take •nr adrlce; start day. Health will quickly follow and yon wUibleas the day
with CASCARETS to-day, under aa absolute eaar- yoanratatartedtheaieofCA8CABET&. Book free by mail.
antteiocweoruon^reffiS. m^r ' i * nut : «BM*mI BEMEBI CO., HEW YORK or CHICAQO.
j s ?f, WRMfllfflR..' ¦*
Mission sis. IW^p,B>w«HJ^MlM aid I6tli Sis.
«S 1^' Furniture Exposition Building.
BniSSels P rCat Clearance sale of car P ets -~stock carc|.p| ¦ W e guar:
Ufully revised and dropped patterns greatly «SA|
V^arpClS reduced in price. There was never a better Lar- WlltOll ?o^JthS^i
at 5OC. g3ln 0 PP ortnnit >' than wil1 be' offered you this Pygo . iSMallJAST
iweek. We cannot mention all the good things. O . . ' j h R Y o^fn!ry
$1.25 velvet carpets, Persian, halls and 90c Tapestry Brussels carpets, new A #* ' -, *• care * *i.
stairs to matrVi SI OO „ tt i-kI After experimenting on these rugs
stairs to match— . parlor patterns— 75c for several years, the manufacturers
$1-50 -Bigelow Brussels carpets, many * T .. . . , have produced a fabric so rich and
new patterns to replace last week's sell- * I -~i 0 J -«J"» r e" ATminster carpets, new p«rfect in color effects that many of
; n^ *i *>n Spriner'desiems — $1.25 them are more beautiful ¦ than the fln-
£ •n™ c «i- nam * . .spi.-O * « ¦ « v est Orlental Ru&a Ev€n eX pert8 are
"sc .Brussels carpets — 90c all-wool ingrain carpets 75c compelled to examine closely in order
30 patterns— 50c $2.75 Smith's wilton velvets, c 4 inches £ * tell * th^ the price Is
<i ic TOTiirtnl VuvriTr •Rrn«Bl« MTn> i. v • j J - ««» 34 mures but a trifle in comparison. SS!
MADE-UP CARPET RUGS. IN LARGE CARPET SIZES
8.3xlO to 12 ft. made carpets— 10.50 SOO travelers' sample ends— lOc 9 ft. Ions by 6 wide......... «20
Heavy China mattings — 40c to 9c Fancy Japan mattings 5Oc to 15c 10 ft - 6 In - long by 8 n - 3 in - wide. .828
1 12 ft. long by 9 ft. wide $35
Sideboard Oideboard, made of ____^^3#^^^^^^
1 vj quarter-sawed oak; ®^^^^^^^^^^^^»
WOrtK 63.50, 5 feet wide and * _^^^^^^S
1 1 a r\ r\r\ ee^ ee P» nas a French BS^^^^^-^-^ i^,^,,-— j
this week 48*00^ p late mirror ? feet high Ipr* 1 *^'^^^^
lar $63.50— this week :....'$48XX) . (mMl 1
ITiree carloads of furniture for this week's selling
at prices that are the wonder of all the furniture stores.
This week's offering was bought from an overloaded X^.w^.v^w^.^ -.-.-— --jjl^" ' fe&fPf
Michigan maker at a great sacrifice, as the extremely fffTlSL'^'' -^^Jl Ir^wff %%
A SAVING OF ONE-THIRD OR MORE. S^S^^rtP^ii
Dining-room tables worth S24.25 for 18.75 '^i^S^^r®^:'"'r^^l^^^' jf
Dining-roora tebles worth $8.75 for 5.00 *-'_ * ' (I "^T^^i^r&'d
Sideboards worth R63.50 for 49.25 |^fe;;^^:^." ' ::Z y "^-~--.-.^ ~J?~]O£^^B?%k
Sideboards worth S36.75 for " 28.50 (gjT
Sideboards worth §22.00 for 15.25 W
Box seat chairs worth S3. 50 for 2.50 M**
Leather seat chairs worth $5.50 for 3.75 l»
China cabinets worth $40.00 for "32.2!> . <£^
China cabinets worth S28.25 for . 21.00 Ladies' rocker worth S2.5O for 1.50
Mahogany parlor table worth $8.75 for 5.00 Oak dresser worth $30.00 for 22.50
Polished oak rocker $5.75 for 3.75 Mahogany toilet table worth $18.00 for 13.75
C\c>ArAnCC> U undreds of Pairs of fine lace curtains of J5 cname l U/hite en-
V^lvCVX unWv r~I - .«. ... ,'.' • » amel beds
11 every style and description accumulated splendidly trim :
S^ie l^Ce during the greatest curtain season we have &»^% OCZ med— four foot
, ; , , , , " . , 4>C>*OD* size^ — only $o in
rflt*tA.fn^ ever expenenced, placed on sale for quick I — a^ at 93.35
1 , 1_ I clearance at greatly reduced prices. ln vaLuf sizes-^braS^Lmll-l
, . none worth less than $8— your choice
Odd lots cf Nottingham, ruined net, Batternberg Brussels and Arabian • ••• • JB5
novelty and Renaissance lace curtains- , ace curtains-every lot offered is a dis-
prices m most cases cut m two— Mon- tinct bargain— no two lots exactly alike trimmed, weir lacquered-best bed in
day at $4, $3 and $2 _ spcciaIlv priced at $10, $g and ?8 S . a^. F . r . an . < ! I . s .? o ..5. o .!.!! ie .P r . lce s42-5o
French hand-made and real Brus- Mercerized Silk Portieres, in all the « y
sels parlor curtains — slightly mussed or beautiful shades, rose, blue, green, gold j PARLOR FURNITURE 1 rkpair-I
soiled, but all radically reduced— excep- and tan— regular value $8.50— this week j nMATES FURNlSlfED REI> " - ES "
tional x*alue at $7, $6 and ' ' $5 •* T "'• ' ?6.25 — _ __ —^ L " ¦ }
TniXYS^fb^rRADElrTfn^lwisiioN^
OIL -WATER;
W. W. MONTAGUE &, CO.,
KANTJFACTURB
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
¦ POWER PLANTS. ' FOR MINES. *
Tanks
FOR OEU FOB WATER,' FOB CTAMTDS '
!•;. . - . PLANTS. -
BAN FRANCISCO. '
Weak Men andiWomen
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, • THE
great ! Mexican remedy ; - gives ] health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. M3 Market.
-i OCZA1T TSAVXTj-
li|iy^:G;eM.^^T.- co.
Passenger, and Freight Steamer*
CHAS. D. LANE.
NOME
¦¦- Sailing la noon SUNDAY. ' Jd.
.- Freight i received . until :. noon -. Saturday; '
Baggage until 4 p. m. .
CHAS. CONKL.IN & Cb., 667 Market iti
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATIONGO.
And CIA 6UD AMERICANA DE VAPOR E8
To Valparaiso. - stopping at ' Mexican.'' Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, tt m. .--...-.,.>.,- -...%;..., ,.,>.
PALENA ...:.. June -71 TUCAPEI* .....Juna 37
CODOMBIA ....June u|aREQUIPA ¦ V.'vJuly ..
¦ • These •teamen ax* ; built expressly ; for . Cen-
tral i and- - South r ' American - passenger • servlc*
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) < Freight
and passenger office. »16 California street. '•¦¦:-.-
-•BALFOUR^GUTHRIB & CO., Gen. Agent*,CARRIAGE MANUFACTURER'S
DAUGHTER AND THE YOUNG
BANKER WHO WERE MAR
RIED YESTERDAY. '
ST. MART'S ICATHEDRAL was.'
the scene of the wedding last
evening of ! George Frederick
Schwarz and Miss Emma Joseph
ine Feisel, both of this city. The
ceremony was a simple ¦.'one, owfeurto.*
recent death in the bride's family. She is
the only daughter of T. P. Feisel. the pio- '
neer carriage manufacturer of this city,
and is a prominent member of all the
parish charitable societies.
The groom is connected with the Lon
don Paris and American Bank and is the
son of Joseph Schwarz, proprietor of the
North Beach brewery. . _
At the wedding ceremony Walter F.
Feisel, brother of the bride, acted as best
man and Miss Ella Monnine was the
bridesmaid. During: the ceremony Pro
fessor Harrison played several selections
on the organ, and R. J. Sandy rendered
the "Salve Regina." At the close of the
wedding a supper was served at th£ home •}
of the bride's parents, the house being
beautifully decorated for the occasion.
The happy couple will make an extensive
tour of the East during their honeymoon.
On their return to this city they will re
side in their < own home in the Western
Addition. -
Butler for desertion and Emma V.' Tyler
against Jacob Tyler for cruelty.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: Mrs. Leah Offer, housewife, San
Francisco, liabilities $3044 59, no assets; E.
, M. Kister, laborer, Sacramento, liabilities
(G63 55, no assets.
Insolvency Petitions.
BTJPBEME COURT DECIDES
TO HEAB, BEGEBOW CASE
Habeas Corpus Writ Issued in Matter
of Deputy Sheriff Charged
With" Murder.
Fred Begerow. the San Jose Deputy
Sheriff who shot and killed Joseph Cech
and August Berg«r at a. brewers' picnic
last July, has been granted a hearing be
fore the Supreme Court and will appear
before that body to-morrow afternoon on
a writ of habeas corpus. Begerow has al
ready had four trials and each time the
Jury has disagreed. A new trial has been
fet for June 10. His attorneys want the
case decided immediately and hence their
application.
Beg-erow, while In an Intoxicated condi
tion, attempted to arrest George Schmled
of San Francisco when he was remon-
Etrated with by Cech and Berger. Step
ping off a few paces he turned and shot
them both. He was much bruised and
beaten and narrowly escaped lynching by
an angry mob immediately after the deed.
His defense is that he was interfered with
In the discharge of his duty and that he
acted In self-defense.
For the last ten years there has been
an increase of 2000 annually in the num
ber of Great Britain's insane. < .-
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask I*
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. •
«The Missouri Pacific Limited"
There seems no doubt that the case Is
one of suicide. No writing was found
that would furnish a clew as to the mo
tive, but the surroundings would indicate
that he was very poor. Despondency was
the probable cause of the rash deed.
uccu.
i William D. Tost and John Tampke of
1100 Dupont street detected a strong odor
of Illuminating- gas proceeding from No.
1104, a small cubby hole used as an oys
ter cocktail and icecregm booth, yester
day morning. The shutters were up and
they could not see what the matter was,
so they informed Policeman C. H. Taylor
of the Chinatown squad, who broke open
the door and found the proprietor of the
place, Frank Jones, sitting In a chair
dead. The two keys of the gas fixture
abcve his head were turned on.
on the Gas and Is Asphyxi
ated.
FBA1TK JONES DIES
BY HIS OWU" HAND
Closing His Oyster Stand He Turns
Florence W. Cook against Fred Rues Cook
for desertion/ Daniel Butler against Mary
Deputy United States . Marshal William
P.- Gamble left last night for^ Seattle on
the way to Nome, j Alaska, armed, with a
warrant for the arrest of ex- Judge Dudley
Dubose, found - guilty, of '.contempt , by : the
United States Circuit Court | of Appeals,
and a summons upon Judge Noyes and
United States restrict Attorney: Woods to
show cause why they should • not' be pun
ished'for contempt. : . .v -.¦".-, -• ¦¦'¦'¦ ¦.. . -
. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ? I ' ¦.'.¦¦:
¦/,'¦ ; ; • , i Divorce / Suits Filed.
I .Suits for divorce .were filed yesterday by
A month ago a great clothing syndicate
was organized in Chicago with a million
dollars capital. This left the Brown Cloth
ing Co. of New York with a stock of cloth-
Ing worth $100,000 on hand. -Said goods
were consigned to P. C. ' Kelly, assignee
of the Boston Clothing Co. \ of thin - city,
and<are now being placed for the greatest
clothing, sale that ever took '.place in San
Francisco. ¦ - •.? ¦:¦-¦;•¦ 'j-H:f : - • ¦ *
¦ • ¦ • ¦ " .- . • — ¦ m •' '¦¦¦¦'•.'¦ ¦ -¦¦ . i
¦ After Judge Xhibose.
The Greatest Clothing Buying Oppor
. ¦;'¦' . tunity of the Year. * • • ,
The Board of Public Works yesterday
transmitted to the Board " of Supervisors
the report of the City Engineer with ref
erence to the construction of a tunnel
through Telegraph Hill, together with
plans and maps appertaining thereto. The
report Is the result of a communication
filed by the North Central Improvement
Association, last December, directing at
tention" to the necessity of. extending
Montgomery street from Jackson to Lom
bard by means of a 'tunnel, thereby ; af
fording direct communication with the
business part of San Francisco and the
new wharves now being constructed- by
the Harbor Commissioners.
The estimated. cost of the construction
of the proposed tunnel, including ap
proaches, is fixed at $30S,489 and the dam
age to property fronting on Montgomery
street in the blocks in which .approaches
are located is estimated at $38,183. The
report says: . . = ;
The 'width of a tunnel under Telegraph Hill
should be at least thirty feet, located alone
Montgomery street the tunnel should commence
between Jeckson and Pacific streets and ter-~
minate between Greenwich and Lombard. . The'
tunnel approach at I the southerly end would
have a length of 215 feet and at the northerly
end 45 feet. The ' tunnel from portal ¦ to portal
would have a lenpth of 2415 feet. A blfumln
ous rock pavement is made the basis of the
paving estimate. A narrow sidewalk five feet
wide la to be provided alone the east side of
the tunnel. The tunnel Ik to be so placed that
It will not completely obstruct traffic on Mont
gomery street at its south portal. There will
be a six-foot sidewalk between tunnel ap
proach and the east side building line' and on
the west an J 18-foot roadway and a : six-foot
sidewalk. ..*.¦•¦'¦ ¦'. . . ;
I do not wish to be understood as favoring
this tunnel construction, because I believe that
a rational treatment of the eastern and north
ern hill elopes will afford better access to the
North Beach district and along two streets
with a j tunnel of less . than one-half of the
length on only one of these routes.. The con
struction of a direct tunnel, the main objec
tion to which is its great length, should not
be approved or condemned until the hill treat
ment is finally agreed upon by the Supervisors.
Green street. ¦ Calhoun, Lombard, Filbert and
Wlnthrop streets are all below grade on the
hill and the grades should be revised at once.
Another method which . would add ' a consider
able area to the commercial district will be
to lower grades on Sansome street, between
Jackson and Chestnut. . . • : ¦
Should It be determined . to Improve ¦ Tele
graph Hill the execution of the project may be
subdivided - into three subprojects: ,(1) The
lowering of grades on Sansome and adjacent
streets; (2) the acquisition by the city of ad
joining blocks and lots; (3) the construction of
a tunnel 950 feet long and a proposed - new
street. . The . cost of making this : general im
provement would be: Real estate to be pur
chased, includlnc the southeasterly portion of
Pioneer Park block, $123, 780; 'grade changes on
Sansome street, including bridge at Broadway
and Sansome street . and reconstruction of
pavements 'and sidewalks westerly from San
some street, $75,030; • tunnel : construction, stair
ways, parapets, including paving of entire new
street, $230,990. >.The amount • of grading in
volved will require the excavation of 1,539,300
cubic yards. . *.' •- "" . .'.:./
City Engineer Submits
Estimates on the
Improvement.
TELEGRAPH HILL
TUNNEL PLANNED
UNOSTENTATIOUS WEDDING
AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL
Marriage of i Banker Frederick -Schwarz .{ and. Miss
. Emma Josephine j Feisel Is a Simple* One, Owing to
| s : ¦ ; a Recent 1 . Death of ; a Member .of the Bride's Family
20
/THE < .SAN "* FBANdiscb' 'GAiLrsUNDAYi 2J i?Ol!l
K you want to |
know where to
go this Summer
"¦¦'•, . ¦ ¦ ¦• '. ' ¦ '¦ •
.Whether to a mineral spring resort. |
where you can get the benefit of niedl-
clnal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature In !
/ her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the hank
of some shady stream,. .; - -
Call or write for
"VACATION 19O1"
Thfs Is a little book .Just Issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and Is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marln, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties, i Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week. .- . . t
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
•/.';• *; R. X. RYAN.
• General • Passenger Agent.
' H. C. WHITING. General Manager. . .
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours', Ride From Loa Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna. Club.''
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
¦ The ¦ Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COTJNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. •
For full Information, hotel rates, . unique, ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to ' . ' ¦ . --. .
B. C. PECK. Agent.
. i io Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
. . . , • Or BANNING CO..
822 South Spring st.. L03 Angeles, . Cal. :
Vi «a a r% 0% e% HOT springs, sonoma
-_V K ii tmlmX Co- : - only 4% ¦ hours, i from .
UA/lVvU San Francisco; but 9 miles
.'/ - . . •'. •-. staging; waters noted 'for
medicinal virtues; best natural- bath in State;
good . trout streams ; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class hotel . and. stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S..F. only $5 60.- Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, |2 a-day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest o* the past
elx years. ¦ Further information at Traveler of.
Qce, 20 . Montgomery St., or Of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal. : ¦••¦-.
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. da,lly> For rates and
illustrated pamphlets , address P. ROBERT-
SON. Prop. . . ¦
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SATJSAJLITO. Only SO minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view; an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; table
and service of the best.
W. O. GRAHAM.
. ' Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager, f
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE - PLACB IN LAKE
County to spend : a vacation. Boating-,
bathing, bowling-, tennis, .livery, new walks
tnd boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAX. Laurel Dell. Lake, Co.. Cal. : - ¦
A/r Three trains dally; 2V2 hours' ride. A.
Bettens. Mgr. , Byron Hot Spgs. , Cal.
Lombard & Co., S8 Geary street. City.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 50; open the year round.
Bend for circulars. . > . ¦
, J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. CaL V
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON, IS NOW OPEN, FOR PIC-
nics or campers.' Further information ad-
dress J. B. BARNARD. Prop.. Niles. Cal. -
Ve!'; TOCALOWA. m^ in
Bertrand Hotel; first-class 'accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties: fish-
-«ng, bathing: -beautiful drives to Bear Valley,'
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin In-
formation-Bureau, 233 Kearny st.. S. F. -
DAYS.
¦ Outing Suits In Hamespun or Golflngs ; Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. -Special for
the next 30 days.:..."...".":.... l$Z4JS0
' LESTER, LadlesV Tailor, 8 and 10 Kearny st.
,' . VICHY ¦.' SPRINGS,
The only place in . the United J States where I
.Vichy Water Is ' abundant. The only natural
Electrlo Waters ; Champagne Baths ; . Springs -
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. . J.-A. REDEMETER & CO.. _
* .-•*-..,--, :-.:: Proprietors. .-¦ •
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles .from Hopland: • best medicinal
waters in the State; - fine hotel and 1 first-class
table; rates $10 and 1 $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. . HOWEIi, Hopland. Mendoclno Co.. . Cat. ,'
SUMMER HOME, FURNISHED:
; .Near Camp Taylor j in ; the redwoods; $100 ", a
. month f cr four months or more. * ' • -
THOS. ; MAGEE &. SONS,
' 5 Montgomery st,
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT 'ACCOMMODATIONS FOR. A
, few - guests; .- mountain 'scenery; ¦ pure * air.
- $8 oer./wk. '.H. B. LAWLET,. Callstoga, Cal.
'. ?¦ • Sr': '"-
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cookjnjr:
; $7 per week-. and "upwards. ~ F. and A. M.
; SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal. ;-.-.-.: * _:"
; HO ! FOB JTHB GEYSERS/; ,
: ' Via : C. C. - Foss' . Stage ) Line : from Callstoga.'
The scenic route. ¦'. Livery : In connection. C C.
FOSS, Proprietor, Calistoga," Cal. ' .
/^Apitola
j^pDpen
Send for. free . .
booklet Address
SS H. M. B3IARE, Prop
Bs " I Hotel Capitola; or .
1 FRANK REAMER, Supt/
, ¦ -^^ >' Carrip Capitola. :
C~S Capitola, Cal.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1460 feet up in the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: seven . miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladies;
massap- treatment; cement swimming tank.
80x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. : roundTtrip ticket $S. • C.
T. EOMIE, prop.: J. O. VALPEY. manager.
...NAPA... Napa County.
ISO PA SPRINGS! Gal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts. : f ¦
Rates $10 to $15 per week, i Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
. . A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from -. San Fran-
cisco *3J. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging VA hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at YosemlteJValley 6p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE,
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market st.. opposite Palace
; Hotel.- S. F. ; tel. Black 8571. - - - '
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement: fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
913 Lai kin St., S. F. DRURT tc KROEGER.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Preven^r and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. .
¦ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
nniTT>C Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
nui 1 1 O School will be open to summer
MENLO 1 guests during June and ( July,
z im~*-»»^ /Superior climate., excellent
PARK* table; reasonable prices. A4-
¦ dress ' IRA G. HOITT.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and 'health resort on
the coast. Climate per'trct. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler " Of flee, 20 Montsomery St.. or
addrecs EDSON V BROS., • - Beswick, Slsklyou
County, Cal. . ' . ...... . * .
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS •
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new: $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $7/ Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. -14 Sansome St..
or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point Arena,
Cal. : ' . ' ' . . : - '¦'¦ --1',
$5OsOO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to Yosemite. Curry's Office. 630 Market
St., S. F.
YOSEMITE!!
camp cunmr
Makes It possible for you to spend a' week or a
month in Tosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates, $12 per week; $45 per month.
Of flee 630 Market st. ' .- -
rOSEMfTEf/
GOOD-FELLOWS' HOME;
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little * resort fer
rolld comfort. • ¦ For • particulars apply to 8
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
; It is never too !ate to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy y— •* *.-.¦
Saratoga Springs.*
- S.'» MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O. ' Lake
County; City Office. 418 Pine street.
VII I 0 W V A NfH former " proprietor W.
IT ILL U n , K AiT W U Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods. 'Smites from Santa Crua-
running water, - swimming, ; croquet, abundance
of fruit. 'home cooking; table speaks for Itself
For particulars, TULET & ILIT*^. Santa; Cruil
BELLBVUE HOTELS
: P. O. EL VERANO. CaL. Verano Station*
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. .Hot mineral] baths near by. Terms,
tl per day and upward.. PETER GO UILHAR-
DOU. lessee. , _ . .
"TflF 'fiUOVF" ~ Lake Tahoe. Cal.. 14 mile
, J . UttUY V ¦¦¦£?¦* « of Ta"ac.»Boartl and
lodging per week. $1 By .the day.' $2. Meals
60c. Good saddle horses and the b??t of livery
Boats free to all guests.' PARMETER &
COPLAND. Proprietors. '""? ¦
CAMP TAYLOR S 5 "*? 68 ' cam P'«».'. "fishing;
VrtllH UlLVIl 29 miles « from S. F • In th»
redwoods. Call Traveler, office,- 20 Montgomery
street. > or address H. G. ' MARTIN. Proprietor. *
wfoeta ¦"
White > Seal r (Grande fCiiveeV: of ex-
ceptional bouquet;: and dryness.^— Court
Journal'.' ¦ -•1'.-.. .-.-;. -:, -
> WILLIAM. W0UT * CO., Pteifle C«ut lgtstt
329 Mukat St.,- 8ta rrutiwa. V '
GAMPREVERIE,
IN THE i 1
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a_New Plan.
On June 3, this year. CAMP REVERIE will
be opened In a redwood grove on the Guerae-
Yllle branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Gueraa-
vUl«.-. ,.
Handsome booklet* with fall details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, rocm SI. Flood building. San
Francisco. - Office hours 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturday*.
1 Vendome I
Central California
San Jose' is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less . other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every ¦ respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street. San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr., San Jose, Cal.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To tha prettiest, healthiest, moat restful _plae»
in all California. Resident physician. Every
eomfort and amusement. Rates— $10. $12. II*.
US and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
31S Montgomery st., and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. W« talcs pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO *
WARNgR. .
ARCADIA,
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
from Big- Trees.
Buy ticket to Campus Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write the owner. THOS. L.
BELUP. P.. Felton. CaL
OR.C C O»DOlNrVEH-»S
M INKRAJL SPRINGS AT OLEf* ELUEM,
* » » tha best camping, picnic and pleasure r«-
eort 'on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh In tha world; 4*
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 8. F.
* N. I*. R. R. give special rates to oampen;
$0 cottagea and tents furnished; rent cheap;
bo fogs nor poison oak at tha park; mineral
, w»t«. boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
¦ C- C. CDONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
«th and 7th. i S. F. IX you want your health.
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
" Formerly Apia ' Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 4« miles via C. N. Rr.
or S. P. R. r. immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try it Round
trip. $1 io. Telephone, expensive Improvements;
tlT and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua
Caliente. Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS. '
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. CaL. t* miles by
stage west of .Williams; fare $i Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 143
oee. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints. • paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: line new bathhouse. Board and lodsins.
including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. ., ¦ •
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
K miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing in moun-
tain streams: sl-ort distance ¦ from Geyser*;
daily mall; $7 per week. Further particulars
address Q. H. KLACK. Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
- First-class - family resort; climate unsur-
passed; great relief for people with asthma: 83
miles from S. F.; fare $1 65; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.. or
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Loa Gatos.
THE GEYSERS, gsS!
ONE OF NATTHIE'3 WONDERS. NATT-
ral uteam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and -livery. .Write for pamphlet. L.
WERTHKIMER. manager.
WHITE * SULPHUR SPRINGS.
1%' hours'* ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Val-
lejo. - Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
iria, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hot.M and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to HO a week.
Special rates famlMes. M.MADRID.ValleJo.Cal.
.- johaNnisbp.ro.
• First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, flshlnsr.
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBtTRG JR.. Prop..
Oakvilie. Napa. Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st. -
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINQ3
-STAGE LUTE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and • Batilett - Springs. Stages connect
' with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
.12:30: arrive at Lakecort at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 8-horse U-pas-
senger tourist wacons. made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
.Tnents. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Spring* call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
' Stage Line. .-.¦-•
- • -MILLER h HOWARD, Proprietor*.
LAKE COUNTY.-New 19-passenger Tosemlt.
¦5 ta i ge ', e aI l. outslde seata - Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at U:3O a. m.. direct
to Harbin. Seigler. .Adams. Howard Ander-
son. A.torgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Caliatoga-
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake^ Kelseyvfui
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprieto?
Own a home in beautiful CAMP iwrnr-ir-in*-
buy lots $10 up; cottagea buiU^y Se?f»>
-ffwB^X^t*^ 1 * tentln " SftW
. sawmill, depot, stors. postofflce at ramn-
roSnd SS- 10^* «: Jake i^no^fer^ti
' M ?R^ P «r»^ d 2. r<S * ¥*• C - MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSOX. Camp Meeker. SoinoraaCounty.
M for 1 ?Jw a^,: MILI ' HOTEL-Accommodation.
.^per^e^f'F."^^^^,^ &
MRS. R..BALLARD, Mt. OUTet. Sonoma Co.
ADVEKTISEMElvrTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. ,
...-¦ ¦ ; ••;-. *¦' **. *¦• ¦*>- • "'
A Free Trial PackacreSent by Mail
. to All Who Write. >
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years .against the mental and
physical- sulfering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It "is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
oZ strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
anil development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years* of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., statin??, thafyou desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
•who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample'will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual .weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute 'makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain . package, so that its ¦ recipient need
have no. fear of embarrassment or pub-
lrcity. Readers : are requested to write
without delav. •/
Ijflk mSk I 3 ' ¦¦' '
H% ™ 0 M Ik. 9
World Famous Mariani; Tonic
Especially useful in" Nervous
Troubles; Malaria, Gonsump-
tion, Overwork,' Indigestion', La
Grippe,' General" Debility. . /
AH Drug&igts. ' Refuse Substituiteg.
NOT A SANITARIUM.
An erroneous report has rained circulation
that tha El Monte Hotel at Loa Gatos Is to be
run as a sanitarium. Mr. ' John Nevill, pro^
prletor of thin popular resort, wishes the pub-
lic to know that the El Monte Hotel will be
conducted as a strictly first-class hotel, offer-
ing special inducements to families..* ... : . ",
NEW WESTERN HOTELS
KEARNT 'AND 'WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated, i KINO, WARD tt
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to *1 60 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and; cold water- every room; fire grates in every
room: elevator rum all night. ¦ -
AIT P- n ft If I* Corner ' Fourth and
vallsea checked free.
> gBqj«iww^B >
GLENBROOK..
¦• Various amusements". Large and small same.
Table and beds unsurpassed. .Rates only $8 and
f 10. Apply 20 Montgomery sf: or address O."-W.-
R. TREDWAY. Prop.. Glenbrook, Lake Co.. Cal.
- MOUNTAIN HOWIE.H •
In the Banta ' Cruz ¦ Mountains. ¦ Health,'* pleas-
ure, r flahlor. •¦• hunting; -.- and n swimming; .; good
table; guests at home; never fall to come back
again; tend ;tor ¦ouyenir.' VIC PONCELKT,
iSHOE VALUEsM
THIS WEEK,
. - : T, Men's Genuine Vici Kid Lace 0 {% PA . _^^
'j£^ —^latest style coin toe and tip, sew- i *1||
j/±K^± ed soles, stitched edges :V4lUU JSmHsBki'-
<^^ =5 Aj ON SALE THIS WEEK.
¦ %^h **** Da^ rs ' es ' ne c * Lace, flexible
sewed soles, stitched edges, latest A A A '
style coin toe and patent leather I |1|1 nl^^^M
frflSw ti P* •'•••• •'••••¦ VfciUw te^^P"
' S|M THIS WEEK ONLY. •
~;s^'"9 We are showing some swell footwear in OUR jfjlj.'^Jy
iffrLjl CELEBRATED $,^.50 LINE. Equal to those WSSB
WM sold elsewhere for $5.00. All the late styles for - y£3p
£W men and women. Every pair guaranteed.
jM/ WE HAVE A FULL LINE OF jtfEfct
g|\ UNION-MADE SHOES J^fflm
FOR MEN AND WOMEN. '^^Sp
IMF NOLAN BkO'S., W
PHELAN BUILDING. - \f
_^8 812=854 MARKET STREET. Jjgf
WSm we have no branch stores.
I MHllSiC- ParlOr CaMnet Maid mahogany; a- j
I handsome setting for the music room Mm *io»r $29 1
0 A RCfriQCrfltCr, made right and used ___ -grgtgmarm^mm 1
1 E^S, BedS That have other good points bcsid=s "fold". 1
11 W^^^^^B^- This one has extra legs so it can't break down. I
k igl^^Sa^^gtl ] Good woven wire mattress supported by self con- H
H B^m^'^^^^^KS nested steel springs. Strong, yet light enough to be H
-¦ %f/ ¦ *@ moved readily. Golden oak, nicely finished , J 3.50 I
I There's a standing invitation for you to visit the I
I Drapery Department just to seC the pretty things. I
I Includes the curtains, those dainty. Cottage Curtains I
p that are a delight in cottage or mansion. We've an Immense new lot, the , . I
1 n finest ever. Come for first choice while stock is fresh./ Some $1.25 a pair. , |
! 1 The most Complete Line of Portieres West of the
8 Mississippi river Is In our Drapery Department. L* Art No veau, Persian,
.1 Turkish and Egyptian patterns. 2nd Foor Some as low as $2.50 a pair.
P ««THfe Credit House." Six Stories High.
8 „ jf^^\T^ J li . M Telephone
- * F 233-235"237 • g N\ jjrOOdS JVlarfced in Plain Ti«nt**^M Private Exchange
M Post Street m^ mmmm *^*mmmmmmml^^^ >3 7
C ¦ ¦ ' . * . ; ¦•-.' ¦-•¦'.-
'¦•'\ ¦ -¦ — - . • •- ¦ • .- •¦ • ¦ ¦.¦ •TO. SAIL."
BRITISH SHIP SELENA THAT WENT ASHORE AT SANTA ROSALIA
MANY YEARS AGO AND IS NOW USED AS A WAREHOUSE BY THE
MERCHANTS OF THAT TOWN.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.'""'
¦ HAVRB-Salled June 1— Stmr La Touraine
for New York.
LIZARD— Passed June 1— Stmr Northman,
for Hambur™. ,
TENERIFFE— Passed June 1— Stmr Totmus.
from San Francisco and Guayaquil, etc, for
Hamburg.
Sailed • June 1— Stmr Campania, for New
LAS PALMAS— Sailed May 31— Stmr Neko
from Hamburg, etc. for Valparaiso and San
Francisco, via St Vincent.
for^^w^orkt' 1^ JUD8 1—Stmr Minneapolis.
BREMEN— Sailed June 1— Stmr Grosser Kur
furst, for New Tork.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 1— Stmr Boliemlan
for Liverpool: stmr Mlnnehaha. for London
»tmr Marquette. for London; stmr Californian'
for Mediterranean ports; stmr Statendam for
Rotterdam; etmr City of Rome, for Greenock
stmr Lucania. for Liverpool : Btmr Alien for
Naples; stmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg
Arrived June 1— Stmr Etrurla, from Liver
pool; stmr Potsdam, from Rotterdam
HONGKONG— Arrived May 27— Stmr Uni
verse, from Portland, Or.
Arrived prior to June 1— Stmr Nippon Maru
from San Francisco.
¦nm^Tf VECCHIA-Arrlved May 2»-Stmr
Wilhelmlna, from Portland, Or, and Coronel
via St Vincent. C V.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 1-Stmr Bovic
from New York. , .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
April 14. lat 3 N. Ion 24 W— Br ship Tha
latta, from Shields,' for San Francisco.
May 14. lat 33 N. Ion 43 W— Br ship Flint
shire, hence Jan 28, fOT Queenstown. .
May 29, lat 49 N, Ion 19 W— Br ship Spring
bank, hence Feb 8, for Liverpool. • ,
MISCELLANEOUS. -
LONDON, May 81— Br ship Celeste Burrlll.
from Manila, for Port Twwnsend, arrived . bj
Hongkong parUally dismasted in a gale.
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBO6, June 1, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 30 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. - '
USAL— Arrived May 31— Stmr Cells, hence
May 28, to sail June 1. for San Francisco. .'
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 1— Stmr
Dlrlgo, from Skaguay, for beattle.
Passed out June 1— Br ship Drumcralg, from
Port Blakeley, for Port Plrie. ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived June 1— Stmr Dirlgo,
from Skaruay; stmr Auth, hence May 26. .
Arrived June 1— Stmr Mackinaw, hence
May 28. . 4 .
Sailed June 1— Stmrs Oregon, Valencia and
Centennial, for Nome.
TACOMA— Arrived June 1— Stmr Washtenaw.
hence May 28; schr Otelia Pederson, lrum Ev
erett.
EUREKA— Arrived June 1— Stmr Alliance,
hence May 20; stmr Eureka, hence May 31 •
schr Hesuer. from Honolulu. ¦ •
Sa4l6d June 1— Schr Allen A, for Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 1— Schr Inca.
for Noumea. ¦ . .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 1— Stmr
Colon, for Honolulu. . ,
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed May 23— Bark Carroll
ton and Bchr Balnbridge, for Puget Sound.
May 22— Bark Palmyra, for Puget Sound. May
24— Schr Ronamoud, for San Francisco: bark
Ceylon, for Laysan Island. May 20— Bark S D
Carlton. for Kahului. May £1— Schr Emma
Claudina, for Eureka.
Arrived May 23— Br etmr Stratbgyle. from
Yokohama: bktn S G Wilder, hence May 7;
stmr Hawaiian, from Kahului. May 24— Stmr
Sonoma, from Australia: bark Nuuanu, from
New York; ship Paramlta, from Newcastle,
NSW. May 20-Bark S C Allen, hence May 4.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
TAHITI-In port May 12-Fr gunboat Zelee.
Arrived May 17— Br stmr Tavunla, from
d> and saIIe<1 Ma y 18 for Auckland. ,
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 31— Schr A J West,
for Grays Harbor.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 31— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru, hence May 3. i
ALGOA BAY— Arrived May 29— Br ship Peng
wern, from Tacoma.
BRISTOL— Arrived May 31— Fr bark Cassaxd,
from Oregon.
LIZARD— Passed May 31— Fr bark Lamorl
ciere, hence Jan 7, for Queenstown; Br bark
Osborne, hence Jan 28, for London
KIN SALE— Passed May 31— Br ship Province,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
PANAMA— To sail May 28-Chll stmr Loa,
for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 31— <3er ship
Tarpenbek. from Oregon; Fr b'ark Lamori
clere, hence Jan 7. June 1— Br ship Crown of
Scotland, hence Jan 30.
. FALMOUTH— Arrived June 1— Br shin Ter
rlsdale, from Tacoma. \. '
SYDNEY— Arrived April 1— Br v bark Domin
ion, from. Tacoma. April 13— Schr F M Slade,
from Grays Harbor. April 20— Bktn Gleaner,
from Grays Harbor. May 2— Ship Kennebec,
from Port Hadlock.
NSW-Salled April 15-Ship
Balclutha, for Honolulu; ship Gov Robte for
Honolulu. April 16— Ital bark Pasquale Lau
ro, for Honolulu. April 17— Bktn Ruth, for
Honolulu. April 22— Schr Golden Shore and
ship Servla, for Honolulu: ship Star of Italy,
for San Francisco; Nor ship Oddersjan, for
Honolulu. April 24— Bark Bea Kin?, for Hono
lulu; schr Irene, for San Francisco. April 30—
Fr bark Montebello, for San Francisco. May
J— Schr Prosper, for Honolulu. May 4— Br ship
Australian, for San Francisco; ship Hawaiian
Isles and schr A B Johnsonr for Honolulu
Ready for sea May 9— Bark Coryphene Br
shfp Republic, bktn Arago and schr R C Slade,
for Honolulu; bark Empire, for Mahukona.
In port May 9— Br ship Balasore, Br ship
Dunfermline. for San Francisco;' Br ship City
°J* ¦ H « an J co^,- ehlDS Elwe ». Forti Geor»e. Great
Admiral, Hecla. J-B Brown and St Nicholas
for Honolulu: barks Oregon, Rufus E Wood
and Bt James, for Honolulu: achrs Expansion
and Forester, for Honolulu; Ital bark Norman
MacLeod, for Eureka: bark Empire, for Ma-'
bukona. ". ,
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 30— Stmr City of'
Para, for San Francisco.
U S «tmr Sheridan, Pierce, Manila, via
Honolulu. . - . ' •' ¦ ' ' .
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell/ Bodega.
Schr Zamua, Peterson. ¦ Umpqua River.
Schr Archie and Pontie, Hunting, .
. . SPOKEN.;
In bpite of Her Disabled Machinery the Mail ; Boat Averaged Four
teen Knots an Hour All the Way From Sydney, N.S;W., to San
Francisco— She Left Australia Two Days Later Than Expected
MANY PASSENGERS FROM SOUTH
seas On sTEAMsHip SONOMA
SUNDAY, JUNE 2.
Big Bon of Salmon.
MONTEREY, June 1.— A phenomenal
run of salmon is now oil In Monterey B*y
and heavy shipments of this fish are be
ing made from here dally by the • local
fishermen. Nearly nineteen . tons i have
been shipped to San Francisco alone dur
ing the past: week. . -
.A sewer in Sunset District at $40,000. a
heating plant In the City Hall at $16,310.
and the balance, about $3000. will be ex
pended under the direction of the Board
of Public Works for sewers. All - these
items are subject to revision. / . .
: . ¦:¦ , ¦ ¦ t '-'¦¦¦
hospital in park from $4000 to $9000. Alms
house $2500, and the City and County Hos
pital from $90,000 to $96,000.
Out of the surplus will be appropriated
money for the pavement of Van Ness ave
nue, Valencia and Market streets, and
other portions of the city's thoroughfares.
The price of the site for the new pest
house was reduced ta $5000.
Sun, ¦ Moon and Tide.'
United States Coast and : Geodetic Survey—
-Times 'and, Heights of _ High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, ! entrance to San
_ Francisco Bay.- Published by official au
- thority of the Superintendent. ' „ . ¦ • : :-
NOTE! — The high and low waters occur at
the . city -front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes -later. than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The Board of Public AVorks secured an
additional employe as clerk to the archi
tect, at 51200, but lost its superintendent
of streets, at a salary of $24,000. and horse
and bu&gy at $360. .The bureau of elec
tricity was cut from $109,518 to $100,000, of
which $64,920 is to be expended In salaries.
From the appropriation of -the Board of
Education $12,000. was set apart for a chil
dren's playground, south of Market street
and- east of Tenth. \. ' - ' " ¦ <
'. The. leoer ,'• hospital ,,was Increased ap
proximately, from ?6000 to $7000, emergency
J2400; vault for District Attorney. $500;'appro
priation of $50,000 for St Mary's square de
nied. - as was request of Warrant and Bond
Clerk . Peerj' for a bookkeeper for his office.
Secretary . Emery ' of the Board •' of
Health secured a raise of salary, after
being once . defeated: - A' veterinary • sur
geon ; was added to • the ' Board of Health
staff at $1200, while $1800 was stricken off
as salary for the. chief sanitary inspector.
Thje Board of Health at present will han
dle; about $56,400, in addition to $6000 . al
lowed for exaenses. . • ; ' •
FROM SEATTLE.
payment ] of i; teachers' , salaries '.. and ; back'
claims ' against the city. ,; It was ; decided
that of the $315,000 appropriated the teach- 1
ers should be the;flr3t to be paid, but how'
to j pay^ Interest ¦ on * the ; teachers' * salaries
and . avoid paying; interest . on <-.the ; mer-'
chants' claims 'was a •.poser. When^the'
board I adjourned the , figures showed that I
about' $5000 '. would have - to be cut \ out oft
the ; budget , to bring ¦ thel provisions j of .the
levy, within": the ¦¦ dollar/ limit - on an esti
mated >;. valuation of ?¦ $405,000 ,000. Of last
year's surplus about $5000 has been as yet
unappropriated.^^ v :..'/>•'<-;,-..,-- \ ¦ >-;
: '- Among the changes made , were the f01
¦¦lowtag: i i jy I ..';V» ; ' r T '¦}¦¦ '¦"'¦'¦ .' : - : -,* )'•':'¦ : -¦"¦¦ .'. ":
V, Allowance < to engineering 1 - department Board
of Public "Works, - $2000 1 tor I equipment ; i , law
> Journal -, appropriation ' raised ' from $1600 to
a '' :\ City's Revenue. ; , ~~\
After* spending four, hours In discussing
the tax budget j the Board ; of, Supervisors
yesterday \ afternoon, ; after making' mafcy^
changes and attempting to strike a ibal^t
ance,' passed ¦ the \ budget ;.to the - Fi
nance i Committee with instructions ,to '. re
port to-morrow;' when again it will be dis-J
cussed.-. ,-".. •¦_'': . j-.. - v ". *['- : ':' '¦..¦;•• ¦•'.:;*,
j, , One ';' of ,". the " matters Is the
Supervisors ¦ Endeavor to . Straighten
. .•;¦¦'"•" Out Matters ; Pertaining^ to ;-
CHA1TOES IN \ BUDGET / . • ; .. % \
" NOT AIL COMPLETED
"¦ The time ball on the. tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at ; noon of : the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. »¦ ¦ ¦ J ¦.
¦ :-:j ¦¦¦¦:. •• »•- j. c.-. burnett. S
Lieutenant, U. ' S. ; N.. ¦ retired, in charge. -' i
Branch Hydrographie . Of flee. " TJ. S.:N.. Mer
: 'chants'. Exchange, '..- San Francisco, Cal.,
June. 1, -1901.,;.".* \ ' ,-:: ;-;'¦¦ ' '.¦ .-" : ¦ ¦ '- '¦
Time -Ball.
NOTE — In the above , exposition ¦ of the • tides
the early- morning tides are i given in ¦ the left
hand column and the successive - tides . of the
day in the order of . occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day.- except when there are but :. three
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States ' Coast :- Survey charts, ¦ eTtcept when a
minus (— ) sign precedes - the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. . The plane of reference is
the" mean of the lower low waters. . ¦ .
' Saturday, June L'
Stmr St Paul, Hays, 8eattle.
Stmr ' Point Arena, Hanson. . Mendocino. • ,
Stmr Corona, Glelow. San Pedro. - . .
Stmr Alcazar. ¦ Martin, . v ,' .
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, .;•¦':
Schr ;. Newark, Crangle, . — . • .,| >
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Cooo Bay. ! 1
Btmr Soutli Coast, Olsen, — > • ii
SAILED.
¦ .-.-.. • Saturday,' June 1.
Stmr Et-Faul. Hays, St Michael, via Seattle;
Northern Commercial Co."
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Thomas Pol
v*stmr Pomona, ' Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
¦ Stmr Coiumbia, Doran,' Astoria and Port
land; Oregon Railroad & Nav Co.
CLEARED.
Saturday, June L
Stmr National City, Dettmera, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg:.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, <5 hours from San
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, 22 hour* from
Eureka.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and Puret Sound DOrts.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. 11 days 20 hours
Itmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 60 hours from Port
Lob Anffelea. - ¦ - - ' ¦ • - ' ,
Chil stmr Palena, Moon. 45 days from Val
paraiso, via Panama, etc, 80 days.
Bktn W H Dlmond, . Hansen. 26 day* from
Brit 'consiielo,' Pare. 23 days from Mahu-
Schr Monterey. Beck, 63 : hour* . from Coos
Snip TUlle E Starbuck, Curtis, 18 days from
Schr Nettle Sundborg:, L&rsen. t hours from
Fort Ross, in tow of tug. Sea Witch, with loss
of rudder. Vessel leaking-.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 4tf d«.y« • from
Coob Bay: \, TwiT ,~ "
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Ida Schnauer will load lumber at Gam
ble for Honlpu; the Nivelle, wheat at Portland
for Europe, 38s 8d, prior to arrival; the "Robert
Scarles. lumber at Blakeley for Melbourne or
Adelaide, 63a 9d, prior to arrival.
The schooner Nettle Sundborgr, that
went ashore at Fort Ross last Friday,
was towed to port by the tug Sea "Witch
yesterday. She has lost her rudder and
will have to go on the drydock for an
overhauling.
- The steamship St. Paul sailed for Nome
yesterday. She took away all the gold
hunters she had room for. The St. Paul
will call at Seattle for nearly one hundred
passengers. :
Captain Monroe, late of the collier Pro
greso, has taken command of the Pana
ma Railroad Company's steamship Lela
naw.
Water Front Notes.
Many years ago the British ship Sslena
went to Santa Rosalia with a general
cargo. A storm came up and she was
driven ashore. Many an attempt 'was
made to get her off, and T. P. H. White
law, the wrecker, worked on her for
months. Finally the job was given up
and the wreck was sold for a song. Its
new owner has made a ¦warehouse out of
-the two upper holds, while the water ebbs
and flows through the lower one.
When Edwin Goodall of Goodall, Per
kins & Co. was in Mexico he took a pic
ture of the old hulk. Strange to say Cap
tain England of the British ship Thistle
was at Santa Rosalia at the time and told
Mr. Goodall that he was master of the
Selena at the time she went ashore. The
accompanying cut is from the snap shot
made by Mr. Goodall.
A "Wreck Turned to Account.
Pulsfcrd.
Auckland— J. Read. C. Mandesley, Mr. and
Mrs Peter Lamb. Mrs. D. R. Rose and child.
Mirs R. Roes. Mis« H. Ross. Miss A. Ross. D.
H. Ross Mr. and Mrs. J. Porter. Miss Kiric
j-atrick. J>. J. Kapler. H. *H- . McBride. Mr.
and Mrs. A. E. Elworthy, M. Counolse VI
cose. M. Daguillon Pujoe. H. A. Wright. Mr.
and Mrs. C. Burdon. I. I*. Scott. W. Thane,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Reid. Miss Reid. Master Reid.
J BorthTick, Sir James Prendergast, Mr. and
Mrs. J Holmes, Miss Holmes, W. Dawson.
Mr. de Clifford, J. Creighton.
Honolulu— Mr. and Mrs. Poullir, Mrs. Cassidy
a.nd five children. J. J. Sullivan.. Tt. L.-Wil
liams. Miss C. R. Williams, C N. Spelrs. Mr.
"Weinshenk J. L. Seiman, Mrs. A- X. Wachs.
Mr. and Mrs. Starr, J. F. Hosken. E. C. Mc-
Call Mrs. J. H. Johnson, Misses Norton, T.
J. Norton H. E. Coleman. Mr. Hemenway. R.
G. Henderson. W. A. Robinson. L. Henery.
Miss E Gregs. Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Hale, Miss
Chamberlain Mrs. Cooper and child. G. H.
Paris. Mrs. and Miss Reynolds, Mrs. Herbert
and child, W. C. Hare. G. Owens, Mrs. Orme
and -child. Mrs. Orme, Mrs. E. A. Berndt, Mrs.
r J. Hutchlns a.nd child. H. B. Harkness, P.
j" Polley Mis» Nofte. Miss Schultz. H. J.
Xolte C. TV". Madariane. Mrs. T. K. James.
Mr. Hauxhum, R. Ivers, W. G. Irwln. B.
Holilfiay and servant. Mrs. Berber. Miss Wide
man. Mrs Waller and six children.
Second cabin: Pydney— Mrs. £. M. Thomas.
TV J. Hunter. Mr. and Mrs. Casbman, T.
Greer- Mr. and Mrs. J. Mooney. Mrs. Simpson,
and child, J. Gibson, J. R. Menzies. Miss H.
Collies, W. H. Dehn. R. H. Walm. J. Mc-
Carthy Mr. and Mrs. W. Hoare and six chil
dren Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Foster. A. A. Craw
ford. Mr. and Mrs. Joy.
Auckland— R. Drummond. A. J. Duke. E.
T Press T. N. Horsley. Mr. and Mrs. G.
Henderson, Father McGrath. E. Meadows. J.
T. Smith. Miss K. Wild. Mrs. Manson.
Paso Paeo— Mr. Doleman. _¦ _
Honolulu — Mrs. Collins and child, Mrs. J.
Karasworth, Mrs. and Miss Currle. W. E.
¦•'t>un«r, VC. N. Zoller. H. L- Herbert. Mrs.
Herbert, J. F. Pfelffer. Mrs. J. , Foster. W G.
Duboer, A. C. Ladgert, H. Fry,' Mr. Lpwall.
Sir James Prender^ast is the Chief
Justice of Mew Zealand. He is on his
way to England to attend the Court of
Appeals. : ¦ - ¦
Professor G. Compere returns from a
two years' tour in search of beneficial
buirs.* He has been in Australia. New Zea
land. Fiji. Ceylon. Straits Settlement,
Java, Hongkong and back to Australia.
While in China he discovered a bug that
lives on one of the greatest pests known
THE Oceanic Steamship Com
pany's Sonoma. . arrived from
Sydney. N. S. "W.. via Auck
land. N. Z., Pago Pago, Samoa,
and Honolulu, H. I., yesterday.
Considering' her disabled machinery, she
made a splendid run up. averaging 14
knots for the entire journey. The Sonoma
will be laid up for a three weeks' over
hauling and will then go out on the Ven
tura's run. thus giving the latter vessel
a chance to overhaul. All the parts nec
essary to repair the mail boat have been
cast and the ship's engine room crew will
be able to do the remainder of the work.
The first and second j cabin passengers
who came up on the Sonoma were:
First cabin: Sydney— Mrs. O'BrieAMrs. J.
R. Sutton. J. G. Pluckcutt. A. C. Cucas, L.
A. IVnner. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. "Cougar. J.
Edwards. Bev. and Mrs. W- G. . Maretu-JHiss :
Marsh O. Compere, Mi?s C. Jennings, Mr. and
ilrs. f. P. Adlam, H. C White. Misses White
and maid. Mr. and Mrs. C Gardner. Mr. and
Mrs Edge aund child. J. Woods. R. Boden. Mr.
and Mrs. -A. I>eich. Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Tait.
MiFB Tait, Miss V. Tait, Mr. and Mrs. T. W.
The fate of the missing American ship
John McDonald has been partially clear
ed up by a. letter . received from Captain
W. Lewis of the ship Elwell. It is dat
ed Newcastle. Aus.. April 27 last, and
was addressed . to W. E. Mighell, presi
dent of the California Ship Company,
owners of -the John McDonald. In his
communication Captain Lewis said he
read about the fears for the McDonald
and spoke to the captain of the British
bark Adderly about her. The latter ship
left Tacoma early In January for Sydney
and the captain says that on January 16
last, in latitude 36 degrees north, longi
tude 134 degrees west, he spoke the John
McDonald and exchanged signals "with
her. Captain Watts signaled that he
was from Baltimore for San Francisco,
and later hoisted two flags which the
captain of the Adderly look to be "N.
M." The signal- letters N. M- mean "ship
on fire." and the general impression in
chipping circles is that the John McDon
ald blew up and all hands perished al
most within sight of port. ;
Last January.
She Probably Blew Up Off the Coast
OVERDTJE SHIP JOHN McDONALD
, Mrs. F. W. Krause, stewardess of the
Sonoma, was given a very nice testimon
ial from the passengers for her many
kindnesses to the ladies during- the voy
age from Australia.
to California orchardists. He dug up the
tree on which the beneficial insect was at
work and sent It to San . Francisco. It
has grown steadily since last October,
and three days ago the bugs began to de
velop. This little mite from which such
great things are expected is hardly visi
ble to the naked eye, and it makes its
home in the scale which the orchardists
are so anxious to get rid of.
21
THE SAN FKANCisCO CALIJ; 1 ; Yv^ JTJNE':; 2,^1 S)6l.
Charters.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Victoria
Mat tea wan. . . . .
Noyo.
Robert Dollar. .
San Pedro......
Queen
W. H. Kruger.
Coos Bay
Czarina
Acme..
Eureka
Grace Dollar...
Santa Barbara.
Titanla
Gaelic
G. W. Elder....
Mandalay......
Coronado I
Zealandla
Colombia
Arcata
Pomona../.
Washtenaw..:.
City of Puebla.
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rosa.....
City of Para
Crescent City.i I
Oyster Harbor
Tacoma :
Humboldt
Seattle and Hadlock....
San Pedro
San Diego :
Tillamook Bay
San Pedro andWay Pta
Seattle and Tacoma. ...
San Pedro
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor ..."
Nanalmo
China and Japan
Portland and Astoria...
Coquille River
San Pedro
Honolulu : ....." ...:.'
Valparaiso & Way Pti
Coos Bay
Humboldt,
Tacoma
Puget Sound Ports......
Point Arena
Newport .."...;
San Diego
Panama & "Way Ports.
Crescent CJty I
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 3
June 3
June 8
June 8
June 4
June 4
June 4
June ' 4
June 4
June ' 6
June- 6
June 5
June 5
June S
June 5
June 6
June 6
June 6
June ' 6
June 8
June 8
Steamer.
Destination.
1 Sails.
Pier.
Newburg-. .....
C. D. Lane..
Pomona — ...
Columbia
Santa Rosa..
.,- .-••¦¦', .1
Leelanaw. . . . .
Rival. ..:.-:....
San Pedro....
' / ' '**
Czarina'....;::
Noyo.. ......'..
North Fork...
Bonlta ¦¦'.
Grace Dollar.
Coronado...'.'.
Eureka........
Umatllla — ..
Queen...-...--
- Jane 1
Grays Harbor ....'.
Nome via Seattle..
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
San Diego'..:.' ...
• June ;j. .,!
N. Y. v . v. Panama . .
Wlllapa Harbor ..
Humboldt ...:......
* Jane. 4., •¦'.',. ]
Seattle & \ Tacoma. |
Humboldt ;¦.,
Humboldt.
Newport ..::.."......
- , 'June 5. ':<-} I
Grays Harbor
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt j
Pugret Sounds Ports
San Dlesco
June O.
China and Japan...
Seattle & Hadlock.
< Jane 7. \ • |
Mexican Ports ....
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & "Way.
Coquille River
Coos Bay .......'...
• Jane 8. ' '
Panama "& Way..
Honolulu ..... ..
Newport
Point Arena .......
5 pm
12 m
1:30 p
11 am
9 am
2 pm
5 pm
2 pmj
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
9 am
!• ! -I
[¦ ' ¦
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
iPler 2
Pier 14
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 16
5th at.
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
i ---¦¦
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
City Peking..
Robt. Dollar.
¦1 pm
— pm
PUSS
Pier 2
Curacao. ......
G. "W. Elder..
Palena
Mandalay
Arcata:....... 1
10 am
11 am
12 m
.i pm
12 m
Pl»r 11
Pier 24
Pier 84
Pier a
Pier 13
City Sydney..
Zealandla
Corona :..
Point Arena-
12' in
10 am
9 am!
,2 pm
PMSS
Pier 7
IPler 11
IPler 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Topeka.
Victorian.....-'-
Concmauirh....
State of Cal....
South Portland
E." Thompson ...
Dolphin.........
Farallon:.:
City of Seattle.
Cottage City.*. .*
Skaguay & Way Ports, I June 2
?kaguay & Way Ports. June ' 2
Nome via. St.- Michael. June 4
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 5
Nome,. Teller & Topkuk June "5
Nome & St. Michael . . . June ' 5
Skaguay,' & WayPorts. June 6
Skaguay fe.Way Ports.. June 7
Bkaguay & Way Ports.. June 8
Skaguay t'Way Ports. | June 9
Sun rises .......
Sun 'sets i ..' •.
Moon rises (ful
. Time
Date • Ft.
' : l ' "w| . -,
Y7.. 5:26 — oTr
: S ..I ' 6:05 —0.6
4 ... 6:43—0.6
H W ' -'
5..T. .0:16 - 5.6
« ..*. ' 1:00 5.3
7 :.. 1:55 5.0]
8 ... . 3:00| .4.7|
¦1*)". *.'.'¦
Time
H W
12:48
, 1:30
2:10
Z, W
7:24
8:02
8:48
9:36
m
4.5
4.6
4.7
i.........4:48
.....................7:27
......0:00 p. m. -
Time •.. Time .
Ft. Ft.-;
L W H W . .,
4:56 "71 10:59 ~Ti
5:M 3.2 11:34 5.7
6:23 3.2 .....
H W I, W f«
2:49 4.S 7:15 I 8.2
3:27 5.0 ,8:18 3.1
I 4:MMo.n 9:251-2.9
| 4:49| 5.2| 10:3S 2.4
—0.5
—0.2
.0.01
0.51
Steamer.
Destination.
1 Sails.
Pier.
Newburg-. .....
C. D. Lane..
Pomona — ...
Columbia
Santa Rosa..
.,- .-••¦¦', .1
Leelanaw. . . . .
Rival. ..:.-:....
San Pedro....
' / ' '**
Czarina'....;::
Noyo.. ......'..
North Fork...
Bonlta ¦¦'.
Grace Dollar.
Coronado...'.'.
Eureka........
Umatllla — ..
Queen...-...--
- Jane 1
Grays Harbor ....'.
Nome via Seattle..
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
San Diego'..:.' ...
• June ;j. .,!
N. Y. v . v. Panama . .
Wlllapa Harbor ..
Humboldt ...:......
* Jane. 4., •¦'.',. ]
Seattle & \ Tacoma. |
Humboldt ;¦.,
Humboldt.
Newport ..::.."......
- , 'June 5. ':<-} I
Grays Harbor
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt j
Pugret Sounds Ports
San Dlesco
June O.
China and Japan...
Seattle & Hadlock.
< Jane 7. \ • |
Mexican Ports ....
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & "Way.
Coquille River
Coos Bay .......'...
• Jane 8. ' '
Panama "& Way..
Honolulu ..... ..
Newport
Point Arena .......
5 pm
12 m
1:30 p
11 am
9 am
2 pm
5 pm
2 pmj
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
9 am
!• ! -I
[¦ ' ¦
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
iPler 2
Pier 14
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 16
5th at.
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
i ---¦¦
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
City Peking..
Robt. Dollar.
¦1 pm
— pm
PUSS
Pier 2
Curacao. ......
G. "W. Elder..
Palena
Mandalay
Arcata:....... 1
10 am
11 am
12 m
.i pm
12 m
Pl»r 11
Pier 24
Pier 84
Pier a
Pier 13
City Sydney..
Zealandla
Corona :..
Point Arena-
12' in
10 am
9 am!
,2 pm
PMSS
Pier 7
IPler 11
IPler 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Victoria
Mat tea wan. . . . .
Noyo.
Robert Dollar. .
San Pedro......
Queen
W. H. Kruger.
Coos Bay
Czarina
Acme..
Eureka
Grace Dollar...
Santa Barbara.
Titanla
Gaelic
G. W. Elder....
Mandalay......
Coronado I
Zealandla
Colombia
Arcata
Pomona../.
Washtenaw..:.
City of Puebla.
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rosa.....
City of Para
Crescent City.i I
Oyster Harbor
Tacoma :
Humboldt
Seattle and Hadlock....
San Pedro
San Diego :
Tillamook Bay
San Pedro andWay Pta
Seattle and Tacoma. ...
San Pedro
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor ..."
Nanalmo
China and Japan
Portland and Astoria...
Coquille River
San Pedro
Honolulu : ....." ...:.'
Valparaiso & Way Pti
Coos Bay
Humboldt,
Tacoma
Puget Sound Ports......
Point Arena
Newport .."...;
San Diego
Panama & "Way Ports.
Crescent CJty I
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 3
June 3
June 8
June 8
June 4
June 4
June 4
June ' 4
June 4
June ' 6
June- 6
June 5
June 5
June S
June 5
June 6
June 6
June 6
June ' 6
June 8
June 8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Topeka.
Victorian.....-'-
Concmauirh....
State of Cal....
South Portland
E." Thompson ...
Dolphin.........
Farallon:.:
City of Seattle.
Cottage City.*. .*
Skaguay & Way Ports, I June 2
?kaguay & Way Ports. June ' 2
Nome via. St.- Michael. June 4
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 5
Nome,. Teller & Topkuk June "5
Nome & St. Michael . . . June ' 5
Skaguay,' & WayPorts. June 6
Skaguay fe.Way Ports.. June 7
Bkaguay & Way Ports.. June 8
Skaguay t'Way Ports. | June 9
Sun rises .......
Sun 'sets i ..' •.
Moon rises (ful
. Time
Date • Ft.
' : l ' "w| . -,
Y7.. 5:26 — oTr
: S ..I ' 6:05 —0.6
4 ... 6:43—0.6
H W ' -'
5..T. .0:16 - 5.6
« ..*. ' 1:00 5.3
7 :.. 1:55 5.0]
8 ... . 3:00| .4.7|
¦1*)". *.'.'¦
Time
H W
12:48
, 1:30
2:10
Z, W
7:24
8:02
8:48
9:36
m
4.5
4.6
4.7
i.........4:48
.....................7:27
......0:00 p. m. -
Time •.. Time .
Ft. Ft.-;
L W H W . .,
4:56 "71 10:59 ~Ti
5:M 3.2 11:34 5.7
6:23 3.2 .....
H W I, W f«
2:49 4.S 7:15 I 8.2
3:27 5.0 ,8:18 3.1
I 4:MMo.n 9:251-2.9
| 4:49| 5.2| 10:3S 2.4
—0.5
—0.2
.0.01
0.51
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; -
Five Heasons Why You Should TJse
."' the Pyramid Pile Cure. '
First, it, cures every, form of piles with-
out a'partlcle^of pain: V . , ; , J f
• Secondr.it cures without any inconveni-
ence or. detention from , dally^work.
• Third; Its effects are lasting and not sim-
ply a , temporary'; relief .; • >^ . ]:-¦ .) ¦¦%»•
¦ Fcurth; It is the : cheapest and safest pile
"cure before the public. ¦ : ; ¦ ¦*... :-<.\ » ;
: FJfth; it is entirely, harmless, S containing
no ; mineral. poisons, l* n & a^ II^ ot harm I the
most 'delicate. -;'¦•¦ :?'.-. ' '-^ ,''. A' \$, •'•.¦.;.... : :'':"^
It has-been thoroughly tested by, physi-
ciaiis I In : every ¦- state j in 'the \ union | and jj is
recognized \ by., the \ best authorities as the
safest, -. surest arid' cheapest / pile cure
known. '- :,'¦'...,',.- .-"--- : '¦'.-. ¦"¦'¦.¦¦'¦' : ', '' ¦'¦'-
; Wherfit Is remembered that usually piles
is \ a 'most . difBcult, % obstinate , disease - to
cure;* the \ results .'obtained '* f rom : using a
single i package - are •certainly,, remarkable
to say ; the . least' ~s People .who '; have • been
annoyed*, with ; pile's . f orj .years ? are ; aston-
ished at < the : prompt results -j always se-
cured/"-" -'"'•' '"¦'¦ ¦¦:~^:' ¦ "^ :"•:-: '-¦'¦' '/ i'- 1 ''
| The | Pyramid Pile Cure is ; made by, the
pyramid \ Go:,\ of ' Marshall, 1 . Mich., iarid is
now.; also • for sale at all . drug ' stores, '¦-, to-
gether with a treatise on cause and cure
off rectal diseases. , .
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' :
Dr. Humphreys.
It is a fact confirmed by the most am-
ple experience that those who habitually
resort to Humphreys' j Specifics for aid
and cure In their illness, have less sick-
ness, better health, better growth,' longer
and more : vigorous \ lives, 'than those
treated by other methods. The fact" is
explained in the circumstance that these
Specifics, because of -'the method of their
composition, have a j deeper ' and wider
range '. of action than other • medicines,
and , thus .constantly | tend : to \ eradicate
constitutional disease. . .
• THE CU RES EMBRACE
Headaches, Grip/ Catarrh, Neuralgia;
Sore Throat , Bronchitis, Croup ; .; Whoop-
ing. Cough, Dyspepsia, Kidney and: Urin-
ary Disease, Diarrhea, Dysentery,' Piles,
Women's Complaints, . Infants' Diseases,"
Rheumatism, and i other! formidable ,'and
oft times fatal diseases.' 'At' all' Drug-
gists, 25 cents. . . _' • ,*- ¦"; ;¦ .''¦¦¦'¦'¦] !?¦¦ ¦'¦>';¦: - ',
. Pr. HumphneyB' Specific Tw«n^' n i
malied for the asking, v; . £
Humphreys' Homeopathic' Medicis* Co., Cor."
, William & John SU.; New York. " ( . ;
;.- '• _1 • t^-'.-- '," ., f .¦,¦"-•¦./'" • I ¦'.¦>¦ '••' J <".; ¦
FRESH AT NIGHL
If One "Uses the Bight Kind of Food.
If by proper selection of food one can
feel strong and fresh at the end of a day's
work, it is worth while to know the kind
of food that will produce this result. .
A school teacher of Media, Kans., says
In this connection: "I commenced the
use of Grape-Xuts Food five months a&o.
At 'that time my health was so poor that
I thought I would have to give up nay
work altogether. I -was rapidly losing In
•weight, ?iad little appetite, waa nervous
and sleepless, and experienced almost con-
stantly a 'feeling of exhaustion. I tried
various remedies without good results:
then I determined to give particular at-
tention to rny food, and have learned
something of the properties of Grape-
Nuts for rebuilding the brain and nerve
. centers. :.'.;- ; ¦''.'¦''.'.[ '¦'.'•'
"1 commenced using that food and have
since made a constant and rapid Improve-
ment In health In spite of the fact that all
this time I have been engaged in the most
strenuous and exacting work. • : . % . .
"I have gained twelve pounds In weight
and have a rood appetite; "my nerves are
steady and I sleep sound. . I .have such
strength and reserve force that I feel al- '¦
most as etroxLsr and fresh at the close of
a day** work as at the beginning.
"Before using Grape-Nuts I was. trou-
bled much with weak eyes, but as my
vitality Increased the eyes became strong-
er. I never heard of food as nutritious
and economical as Grape-Nuts! Please
omit my name from r-!nt-" Name can be
given by Poetum Cereal Co., L.td., BatUe
Creek, Mich. •-_
DON'T BE SKEPTICAL. *1
gL- . -! v . Make Your Life Worth Living ]l M
IMosko Silver Pillsl
*?£$. WILL* RESTORE YOUTHFUL JOYS--POSTPONE OLD AGE Mk
\, ; '•"' Cure to stay cured— all forms of sexual^J
jftf9Sjb*1 f&^. weakness in men and women. Brain Fag^H
S j&Ev&SSSS^ImS^^, an<^ wasting vitality are on the increase /SA
f^ yaJB^^^^v^^l^B^ among professional and business men and
fmmry^'^f^^ ¦ Hi women for but few physicians can cure^gS
!t ISSB &$£$& 'r^JrtL Wk mental or physical decay or loss of power. 4Ek
?*lB[r^^#'!45^Hll MOSKO SILVER PILLS are prepared«
IW^^-^^y ' rom J ne formula of a noted Russian 2HJ
*V vB^^C^sT JttSm P^>' s i c i an and have permanently cured HB
•L' ' q WJ roany European aristocrats, who have IS
' ive( i P ace t^ at wrecks happy homes
K This lire renewing remedy feeds the -^j
g TRADE^ggftjg^MARK. brain cells, strengthens the nerves and^g
ETenrlches the blood, is guaranteed a harmless, scientific, permanent and
Ife. unfailing restorative for society men and women, who overtaxed by their
Rl social duties, find their vitality and strength impaired and their virility^
gradually wasting away. Sallow complexion and fool breath from an s£
w£ ". inactive, dyspeptic liver makes 'men and women nervous and depressed, \|
w' unfits them for life's best pleasure, poisons the blood and bastens^j
K riOSKO SILVER PILLS unlike most patent medicines digest rich 33
KT : f bods and \ strengthen weak hearts, creates desire, and is prescribed by "»
Dr. -' many honest family doctors as a tonic that builds up the system. • yq|
K/ The Greatest Critic is the test of time ! Those who doubt that MOSKOJS
SILVER PILLS are the only life extender arjd youth renewer the world
pf .- has ever se en ar e invited to send 6 cents for postage, and their name and ad-
KS dress plainly written, for a free sample box and copyrighted booklet, -^B
K-. packed in plain package. ;,.>.. .-^-". •'.':
K> The Standard and only price of MOSKO SILVER PILLS is $3.00 a Ai
mr box. The better class of druggists carry them in stock. Our Mail Order \gj
B%"Department,'on receipt of P. O. or Express Order, will mail, postage pre-
W*.i paid,- and f ree f rbnVall further cost,' wrapped from obseryation.a full sized .«|
E/ ,box. We do not publish testimonials as all ¦ our dealings are strictly Vgj
K^THE en DREXEL DRUG CO., MASONIC TEMPLE,. CHICAGO. |^|
pFULL W£I6|||MMU^
I ff° I^SSlTjot satisfactory- •• & \
I l\ L -A( i|sjA : EMBROIDERY SEILI»G EVERY WOMAN LIKES TO /^Bjk^A
gf - bfst Swiss embroidery u^^~"^^Kff MntlCV Of\/Cn 10 HJnr1 r V UAT1C
1 WHtN IHtKub ANTlhlNb rrnon^^he^are^^SSS SHIELD. J as good a 3 GLOVES FOR WARM WEATHtR.
I NEW AND GOOD >. ¦ ; $j^-i$%^H*^ p^ gloves. w P0I ,
1 y ..: You'Jt B»^tr»t n Finr/lt - ' ' ladies in the . United States. , It is a' «lar for summer wear, light and cool.
.1 '-•» ' 7 0U '' Be Sure to Find It 2^ Inches wide ....... :..;TU C per yard -: complete garment and Is easier to put they makethe hand look sin^l: made
¦ -' .; At Joe Rosenbero s. : . 4 inches wide:.. ..IKo per yard on than a corset; when' worn under the of best tap ta silk, stitched back, pat-
¦§-•¦ - " \- ' "•¦' ; T hIs time it i S _:-6 inches wide...:t.....v:..25cper.yard I B^^»*i I' ''ll^^bl^i-^^^J^zSe
m ¦ J^SlwS • ' ¦ D^OT7i!llr U 'It <: Others ,'wider and narrower priced - . ~_£iu. K " * "
H V \\*$\W ; i'-1 £ Z - a ' st - Thl ' s Tf vou anticipate neerlir.r emhroider- i wUnUolO,
m '^SmMJM^^L: ¦•ifnito!S2 e ''k5iTti»5 " le »f 4?fir -' a ' year ' to -' come - here<s your - - WFZ.'ft WJiilw A sure winneu-this ttmb it
m **m <~**~^u^y .^^ elastic fabric chance : - 1 . -' ¦ •' J**&$L f /*Ml' 1_ is a ladies' Klove: no- better glove mad*
1 gf l M:^V^^m ¦"¦¦
i from the shoulders, like suspender^ ' -¦ ""-••" J »»•• «- • 'fc^r^W^ Y r JfJWJf^ ®i are sellins for - 91.00
¦ This prevents all strain on the but! I I^R I tP. Z ' ' $1$ M§ " • '¦:.''' '. ' - '¦
¦ tons and buttonholes. The most •JL'JfU LflU«.. . ' MfSfi «« UC APnil ADTCDC ffiD MniiDM
I jsgsffli.fssas;.'«i&2a»S: 5000 <¦#,*..¦¦:« tobchon ¦WlsMtmm HEADI3llAR ,L E n ,,r ¦ i 5 M0URN *
¦ healthful;, leading .physicians recom- T/ACE, th« ne^pst patterns. 2 and '' '¦ MawOlilMllMmMMb __ . ING VEILS.
¦ : mend It;^worth Its weight in gold.SoC q inches wide Our tirice Cnvard corset will protect it as well^^3 the w w t- lfcVI .
¦ ,. At G'Farre/.-street entrance. mcn ? swlQ r uur P nce * -OC^ 111 dress waist from perspiration/ It is Some of the- newest designs in mafia
¦ * ¦'.-:' . ' , .superior and cheaper than dress MOURNING VEILS,- round and 1
¦ MIKI IN IIVn-R\A/C /ID Tf Vrnmu, w* /ifTa* c«-,- '. v • "'shields. . being always ready to wear square effects, made of finest Brussels
¦ mU0L!H U.'UCnVytAni . - „ Tc-Vcrrow Ke Offer Some with any aellcate waist. When worn net. bound with mourning ribbon or
M 1^ ¦ -\jr~~A a ,r « a m" j ¦'* .,." Uffl"' n^no lai nun ninntll ' wlthiwash dresses it will help greatly bands of French crepe. Our price. Just m
8 ' i °Ji K f«£? y^™7XS#8L o we a .^J 1 WO D *"S IN OUR RIBBON *° reduce laundry bills. IT IS THE) half what you pay elsewhere.. ...:50c H
1 a^aln °« er S^DRUMMRRS' SAM- " U . U ° "V-"' 1 I1IUUJI1 DRESSMAKER'S FRIEND. Diess- . . O
li^^l^awP^^^^ DEPARTMENT..- |?S^S^S&SS^a^ W£§ YOU'LL WANT THESE AT - I
¦ , set covers, .drawers, skirts, etc.,' mads ¦ • •>.. -:• who perspire so freely as to ruin ma- IUULL 1IHH 1 intOL HI H
1 °f the very- best , material; , you know There, are probablv 4000 yards of all terials in a few moments .will find the ; ... ~~~ TUIO DDIPC fl
I w r e Q a i ways * th 2 best + "^"^st^n^-P 1^ and stripM.ef- p r otector, a great convenience to use \i , ¦¦ - Ho rnll'Ci B
H- We will quote a few of the many, fects. just the thing for hair ribbons -wrile fitting To ' introduce this new - ' ' < R
m 50 gowns made of best = soft bleached or dress trimming; width No. 7. This Shield. "thte week's price ..„..:" .«6c 300 LADIES' TtTBN- <^— B
¦ cambric, made ; in the new ? zouave week's price.... 1 ....... 5c yard . . . • • OVER COLLARS, em- C; — 5-12 —^4 a
1 .STS t -. Wit wiS; r S 8 AS kll l 1 SSS£g ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY- IN When There is Anything Ne, ' ¦SSSf e g w £ I &£ \ |
•J; 5Ja^iS^ii^^^;^i ¦ ribbon PERTAINING TO THE IMPROVE- pV^iagia I
E neck; $1.25 gown -now..*... ...98c ' • ?OU'tT, never p-txt> ruchval- iiruT nc VOIID CrtOM thema tareSn 358 I
I HERE'S -WTHER-L AD IE S^^ E^B^^^ 1ft, I
\ I You Will AlwayBFind Hat way of sellingr..... 10c H
1 "Seen^lWnS flounce fl «3 Ish t 1 1 d rk T t^ m a fai l c y« strlpPd efffints: the re s ular Joe Rosenberg's.'. : •. »
I brofdery Tnd SSSSiSa^^^sSggKS ' • v SOMETHING NEW.- f
¦ ruffle, fuir width., aU lengths. 12^ cyard TOU-It is the new W M
m embroidery and insertion would cost „.,,,, „_,...,. ...... ... QUEEN LOUISE. fj@UBB LADIES' KNITTED DRAWERS. »
(a you inorp than the amount we ask >M£M xTflRF \MAII ARTI. BODICE RIBBOX /iw marie of XX Peruvian cotton, laca H
:W, for this skirt complete... .»1.25 inlRl > ol V nL J lnHLL Hn ' » CORSET. It is made K trimmed. Just the garment for sum- - »
H LADIES' CORSPT POVRRS itrrmsr HI CP Cllll I TOT nmnro - °£ . 3 strips of .wide . S- r mer wear. Easily washed; does not H
I and^well madJ^ghanTiow'neckT : CLES—^MALLEST PRICES, ¦ J - \> ' », eed to starched. Saves labor and f
B our price • Up • clustered bones on the . /T ;4?\ , gives comfort , *2Sc n
B bate at U tarrell-street emrance. lar^ nnri small sizes... 3o per. dozen steels, length of back rg3^^^ \ gl
m » CUBE PINS, large size, black or col- 6 inches, length of X IflW PRIP.P^ AMP! " ' »!
H FflP TMF 9IIMMPR RIDI . cred pins .................3c cube front 10 Inches, most KSjOxA \ LUI¥ rniuWM " u \ S
¦ rU K '^t CUmmCn UlnL unetle vono cvre «\. Tu. e exquisite corset for W?i£<f \ ) 1 1TCCT CTYI EC B
1 teJ4 ¦ L A D I E S- KOOK YOUR .EYES OX THiS. the summer dress. )«ofcC // LAItol cITLto S
¦ SHIRT. WAIST HOOKSANn EYES, black and t Th « , n « west French /JW^>^1/ . ' m __, „ . _, ,,,. jt „ §3
M JSra ' suits, made of ."white, 'large and small sizes, best qual- model shape: comes in nfJfOfvX Are Strong Points With Us. tf
m *V*T xx flne French ity. 2 dozen on a card l c card P' nk - Dl " e and w^, lte - hvm \ \\ Here Is a Sample: fi
OB vi/«- ¦ lawn* -araiat la ¦ • If VOU . do not antld- V /'|»'l 1^- » \ • H
H tucked back and PEARL BUTTONS, tho heavy kind, pate buying a corset "Hi"-. \ LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, for tramp- D
¦ full front new clear white 1G, IS and 20 line, all to now it will more than ing and country wear, made of striped 55
B /WVrrFwB. bishop • Sleeves ?° e same price 5e dozen, repay you to inspect these. Joe Ro- covert cloth, tailor stitched bottom, §2
¦ //// \\\\TgBL. with narrow tqi ' • ¦ - ¦ senberg's way of selling— Just one- full width, all lengths, colors dark W
I M X%^ l or stltched cuffs - wnvnTicc cnDuvunvip half what others ask 81 ' 50 of U s e eiC rk brown and tan: °« r i^ I
H Wf ilUim fancy and ad- NUY'LTES FDR MY LADY A ANOTHER. Of selling M.-o &
I M*Ji\\ |#^iXr D wlth t white " Uf ' Lllt ° FU " ml LHUI ° LACKS' SUMMER CORSETS. STILL ANOTHER XE- f
I m^tS \\W^ fpi-n n^ir ™u ' TfllFT made of the very best extra strong CESSITT FOR TRAMP- j J7> S-
'1 W^lll F'" ; t\ w» . li / lUILtli English netting, >.. double side steels, ING or countrv wear- W \
1 • » III Ml / -Slf«f Wpt I The-' SANITARY rust-proof front steels, low bust, short LADIES' LEGGINS made .'Ail H
m '//// HI •¦¦ him' ' liAlR BlNDBRrX' ;g'£" hip;;finished with wide lace at the too. of best twilled covert cloth. -%^W f,
• ! M /fill l\V« "colors pink blue it simple, effective. {fr* Our challenge price ¦..:.. 5iUs. reaching almost to the \\ 4» fl (
W ''Jf4iUJ^k ' and tan. -This cleanly, easily ad- -ggf • BEWARE OF IMITATION. sf™ fJtene| r with nine ' \ U\ H
¦ JVM!ai'V>< complete suit, Justed and perfect- ASF Did you ever wear or did vou ever buttons strao and buckle )W »
I ££§Mg> zt! sb k; m . m,^A\^%^ ns^I .Jz 'KsSrss3 $r I
1 4LSO **- w &» st's^s. 4 Sc |
V ' • AL&O. highly polished 'Ut^^V proof; boned throughout witlw the - - m
¦ JUST RECEIVED A SAMPLE Italian shell, with '^BB^' GENUINE whalebone. In all the new « CTflRY OP I 0W POIPP? PI
¦ LINE OP SUMMER DRESSES. NO good strong clasps. . models This corset will lend Krace A ClUlM Ul LUu riiluLOi S
M TWO ALIKE. CHIC, WELL-MADE This clasp does away, with all string . "° d chjnn to any form^howlver Itout ' «•«"' £i " ll " >wl yL
'M AND ALTOGETHER THE SWELL- or ribbon, and when once adjusted se- „ slim Eaual to ajvv M5 or more M dozen of LADIES' BELFAST" II
I 1 EST SUITS THAT EVER CAME TO ' cures the hair f rbm becoming disar- , madTto order corset. "Vise ™nll • WF5 A^ r>K ,?^ CK ? Ei; *?- hem " M
. I -FRISCO. " OUR BUYER IS NEVER ranged. It is adjusted by catching the %£™ wher ° e £ get a lltt i e be tter than 4 st Jf h , ed ' "^ h sma11 - hand-embroidered «
¦ ASLEEP. WE BOUGHT THEM AT , hair at the back of the head and clasp- thi hp«rf" • sk aa initials. They are unlaundered— just M
m A GREAT REDUCTION AND WILL ing it with the binder, which holds it" ,^. .......... ..............cu. vv thft way we j^^^g them from the g
¦ GIVE YOU THE BENEFIT OF IT. in place. Our price .........lOc Corsets Fitted Free. . nunneries; hence the low price.. 12V5C B
I Summer - rt< ->- '¦¦**¦ < k ¦ j. Dress 1
¦ Vests m,u order, 81 6 Market Street, PHB lan Shirts I
R IOC ' Solicited. ItUNNINQ THROUGH TO 1 1 O'FARRELL STREET. . . . BUILDING. f£Qc IThe.wlfetof Eklward Johnson, barber: at
Elmhurgt,* reported I to . the police \ yeater
day ¦ that ¦ her i husband i had *; mysteriously,
disappeared: , f They/ came * to = the city to
gether - Thursday. .- but "i got : separated-:: In
the crowd. JB Since then i she I has not / seen
nor heard of him. . She said he had $40 In
his pocket. '¦•' » . ':; r : .
Elmhurst ¦ Barber -Disappears.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralsla.
Urugglyts, 50c flask Rirbnrds & Co.. 406 Clay. •
An order has been [ made" by Judge Cof
fey suspending: the powers of Samuel R."
Crooks as guardian of the persons and es
tates of his children, .Katherlhe and Ralph
C. Crooks, until the" petition' ofj_hls wife,
Katherlne Crooks,' in jv/hich she. demands
hiR final removal and i an , ; accounting, : is
detenulned. Judge Coffey also informed
Attorneys Rosenthal & Wise, .who repre
sent Mrs. Crooks, that they need not an-'
swer that portion of Crooks' affidavit for
a- continuance In which the affiant charged
the named -. with .• influencing
Mrs. Crooks to institute the action against
him that they might be appointed her at
torneys. The court ; said. that the- charge
was not worthy of reply.'
Crooks' Powers Suspended.
Merrily Going On Is the Grefct Fac
tory Shoe Sale
At 717 Market street, near Third. Ladies
and men's $5.00 shoes are . sold for $1.63.
These shoes are the very latest style and
of the 'best material' ever put. in a shoe.
As ' a' special inducement there will : be on
sale -to-morrow 5000 pairs of ladies' -and
menV $3.50 shoes for $1.00 a pair. A - There
are all sizes in this/ particular lot. You
can have your pick for $1.00 at the factory
shoe sale, 717, Market street, near Third. •
Nathan-Dohrmann Co. announces a spe
cial sale of "vvTilte Mountain Icecream
Freezers and Automatic Refrigerators
this week only. A good time to prepare
for hot weather. . . . . •
ThQ average woman Is a conundrum that
keeps men guessing.
MARVIN FORD
FOUND GUILTY
Jury Recommends Him
to the Mercy of the
Court.
? ¦¦; : -.
The trial of Marvin E. Ford, the shoe
drummer, charged with beating and rob
bing Lee Leong, a Chinaman, on Commer
cial street February 16. was concluded
before a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday. At midnight the jury brought in
e verdict of guilty as charged, with a
recommendation of mercy.
Drs. D. D. Lustig and John "W.
Robinson testified that they believed the
defendant was Insane when he committed
the act. Dr. Robinson, who conducts a
sanitarium In Llvermore, admitted, how
<S»er, that the defendant knew the nature
' Judge Maguire, representing Gin Leong
Gow, in his argument, stated that it was
the object of the Chinese Consul General
an4 the Six Comnanies in supporting Gin
Leong Gow in this action to make known
their objections-to the scheme now being
operated to - take • Chinese children s from
their, homes "for the sole purpose of forc
ing upon them an alien religion," '.which;
he said, alienated the children from' their
people and was naturally opposed by the
parents. • ". - ". * , a - "•
Judge Coffey, however, pointed out that,
though such objections might exist among
the Chinese, in. this -case itwas In evi
dence that Gin Leong- Gow sent one ; of his
children to another mission to learn - the
ways and perhaps to yield to the forceful
Influence of < the Presbyterian creed. Judge
Coffey paid a tribute to the intellectuality,
integrity and learning of Consul General
Ho • Tow and „ voiced - hia appreciation ¦ of
the position occupied by/ the. Chinese dip
lomats in the case. Then,, continuing,- in
logical and forceful , terms Judge Coffey
advanced to his r conclusion that, being of
sufficient age, Knm, .Ying might: intelli
gently ¦ express ' her, wishes . and .that,•'fur
thermore,- being in 'America, the religion
of these Americans who will henceforth
care for her : might well" be hers." The , or
der granting Miss Cameron's petition was
then made.- ¦>• ¦;?..-"-> - - - - - 4 <?¦«.-..
> v -. ¦ -. K 1 ¦ ' :>' ¦-. ¦-¦':>- :t - ;:¦¦
When Gin Leong Gow left the stand a
surprise followed. Wong Lung, who had
been nominated by Gin Leong Gow as a
suitable person to • be appointed aa the
child's guardian, refused to act.- He had
heard the child' talk, he said. . She was
too smart. Better get somebody with a
bigger house. Lee Bow Sun was suggest
ed,- and stated that he would care for the
child as his own if: the court would honor
him with the appointment. - .
Little Kura Ting's wish to be permitted
to trust her spiritual -welfare, to what
Judge Coffey termed "the somewhat; rigid
doctrines of the Presbyterian church," in
stead of kneeling before the tinsel joshes
in homage to "the liberal views of.Con
fucius," has been granted." .'Judge Coffey
made an order yesterday granting the pe
tition of Donaldina Cameron of; the Pres
byterian Mission for letters of guardian
ship upon the person and estate of the
tiny Celestial maiden, which defeats the
effort of her master, Gin Leong Gow," in
whose home she was cruelly abused.. to
regain her custody. . • "• : -v_:
Yesterday afternoon Gin Leong Gow put
on his witnesses in opposition to Miss
Cameron's petition, but long before Attor
ney Henry E.'Munroe, representing Miss
Cameron, ha(# exercised his full I knowl
edge of the art of cross-examination he
had his case won and Gin Leong Gow
and his witnesses hopelessly tangled.
When the hearing waa opened Gin Leong
Gow claimed he was the child's father.
Yesterday- he reluctantly admitted, that
he was the child's foster father; -that he
had adopted her according to a method
wh;ch Consul General Ho Yow in his affi
davit stated was the custom prevailing in
China for the apprenticing of children for
domestic service. ' : ,;
Judge Coffey Ends Con
troversy Over ¦;0hi-v."
- nese Girl.
CHRISTIANITY
FOR KUM YING
Company .completed ( its road within the
time extendedby the Minnesota Legisla
ture. When the road was completed there
was found to be a deficiency in the pri
mary grant limits of about 800,000 - acres
and only -70,000 acres available in the in
demnity, limits to . make .up the loss, and
consequently all the lands in the indemni
ty were selected.
Judge Lewis holds that the settlers who
entered upon .the lands after they had
been -.withdrawn from settlement are not
The arguments of counsel occupied con
siderable time. Assistant District Attor
ney Alvord and Attorney J. C. Campbell
spoke for the prosecution and Colonel
Barry for the defendant. Alvord made the
closing argument, and Just as he was
about to tinish the defendant's mother,
Mrs. Pauline Ford, became hysterical and
made a scene in court. She rose t to her
feet, and throwing her arms out toward
the jury shrieked out that her son was in
sane. The Judge instructed 'Bailiff Colter
to preserve order in court, and added that
if people could not control their emotions
they had better stay outside the court
room. He admonished the jury to over
look these emotional exhibitions and de
cide the case on the law and the evidence.
Mrs. Ford was led out of the courtroom
by the ballllf and- her daughter-in-law,
who was weepin^bitterly.
After the arguments the Judge charged
the jury, dwelling carefully on what was
legal evidence of insanity, and at 4:23
p. m. the Jury retired, and remained out
until shortly before 12 o'clock, when it
reached the verdict announced above.
and quality of the act and that it was
wrong. . . . • .. ¦. ..:.
John J. Folcy to be boatswain, vice Schnalle;
Richard Schnalla to be gunner, vice Harris;
John Stange.to be carpenter and D. McMillan
to.be pharmacist. These ar/.all assigned . to
the Marlon and reportad for 'duty yesterday.
The Naval Militia did not appear in the
Memorial day parade to do' honor to .the
memory of the heroes of "'the Civil and
Spaiiish-Amerlcan wars. The | reason for
the absence of that branch of the Na
tional Guard was the non-appearance o?
Lieutenant .Harloe at the time fixed for
the starting of the procession. The lieu
tenant was in command of the jackios
from the Marion. ; The men were
all on , hand, ready to march and
drag the battery of • Hotchkiss . guns
after them, but they could not move with
out orders from the officer- in command.
He had been ordered to be ready to move
at a flxed hour, but he did not put In an
appearance until a quarter of an hour
after that time, just fifteen minutes after
the procession had started. The men
were ordered back to | the ship and they
obeyed, but were very much disappointed
that they did not have an opportunity. to
parade. Captain Nerney, who commands
¦ the -militia. -was at the point from which
the procession was .to move and was
asked where his command was. To Cap
tain E^H. Plummer, grand- marshal; who
asked the question, the commander of the
Naval Militia said In reply 'that the Na
val Militia at this port had been properly
instructed in orders to report at a stated
time and that 'as it had not .appeared
there ought not to be any wait. ; He stat
ed further that this might be an object
lesson to the officers of the militia to-be
on time when ordered'to a- rendezvous. ;
Tho Navy Department has . decided , to
allow the Naval Mllltla a cruise on one
of the warships this season," but at this
time it is not known If it will- be ¦ on : the
Philadelphia or on the Iowa. The- choice
of the militia is the Philadelphia, but it
will rest with the Navy Department to
declare which vessel shall-be used for the
purpose. The cruise \ will be. either in
July or October. . . ' : :-
The following appointments of warrant
officers are announced: • • •. "¦¦¦.¦'""¦
Tardy Naval Militia lieutenant.
Upon recommendation of the regimental
board of the Fifth Infantry, Corporal
Henry Castagnino has been, appointed
sergeant- of Company C, having obtained
90 per cent on examination: Private John'
O'Keefe,' sergeant of Company B, having
85 per cent, and Private A. H. Evans, ser-.
geant of Company B, 80 per cent.
Sergeant George Sheldon of Company C,
Musician Lieahy-of G and Private William
O'Donnell of G, First Infantry, have been
discharged at expiration of term of serv
ice, and Qtto j G. Yolkmann and Thomas
P. O'Brien- of Company G have beeu dis
charged on - account of removal from the
regimental limits. k '
As the date for the division encamp
ment Is near at hand, the companv com
manders have issued Instructions to the
quartermaster sergeants to have all camp
equipage properly ; prepared and marked
with company , letters. . . '
Major Cruzon of the Second Brigade has
been ordered to preside at an election to
be held in Company F, First Infantry, to
fill a vacancy caused by the oromotion of
Adler.,; . ¦¦ - * .'-.•¦ •-. i ¦
The condition of "the new battal on of
artillery recently organized in ' thla city
out of four companies of tho First In
fantry is an artillery organization with
out artillery. It has .been assigned a po
sition in the division. camp to be held on
Laveaga' Heights; this; month; and will be
expected to. fire all salutes that may be
required; .To enable the organization to
make the necessary noise the Naval Mili
tia has kindly - loaned it its battery, of
Hotchkiss -g.uns. '•-¦¦/. ¦ v ¦ " '/' '
Artillerymen Without Ordnance.
Charles E. Haven has been named as
regimental quartermaster for the J? litn
Infantry, -and Sergeant Paul "Coulter
quartermaster sergeant; Dwight Strong
and Clement H-' Argues have been named
as battalion adjutants in the Fifth. In
fantry with, the rank of lieutenant.
/-¦-¦ •¦* •*,..' - - - * ¦ r~" "T^ I %\ ' -
During the week orders ; mitt |b4v1ssued
for the encampment at*l^aveaga Heights,
Banta Cruz. From reports that havo been
received ; It . Is apparent' at this tlma that
tha division encampment will *>© the
greatest aggregation of National Guards
men .that has ever assembled at one time
In this State. '", x v .
The camp will be formally opened, next
Saturday afternoon and an effort • will b«
made to strike tents on the following Sat
urday afternoon. It Is expected- that on
the Friday : before the. closing • day Gov
ernor Gage, '• who* is the commander j In
chief, win ;; visit the camp, when ho will
be tendered a review. . .
4 The following commissions have been
signed: : ;,.,"' ; ' -.
Captain D. a: Smith, adjutant of the Fifth
Infantry, to' be major in the same regiment ;
Major James ¦ A. ¦ Margo, ( Inspector of the Sec
ond Brigade, to be adjutant In place of Smith
with the rank of captain, another of the many
"downward- promotions" that have been made
in the guard of late; F. W. Dohrmann Jr. to be
captain in the First Regiment and to. hold the
position of- regimental quartermaster; Albert
C. Adler - to be captain in the First Infantry
and rearlmentaT commissary; W. H. Whitlow
of San Francisco to be second lieutenant ; of
Company D,; First Infantry; -Albert B. Stearns
of Sacramento, Joseph" A. Blair otSacramento,
Thomas RuUedge of Colusa to be" captains in
the Second Infantry: John K. Tjrrell- otj Grass
Valley, Max Meirson of Placervllle and Thomas
F. Smith,. also of Placerville, to be lieutenants
in the same -regiment, the first named to be
first and the others second lieutenants; Walter
Jameson and John B. Sullivan of J«s Angeles
to be captains, and Ernest A. Reynolds of Po
mona to be first • lieutenant in the Seventh
Regiment;. Milton A. Simpson of Alamedato
be captain and regimental commissary In the
Fifth Infantry; George A. Nihell of Nevada
City to bo engineer officer in the Third Brigade.
-' '\ ' ' . .. . • — r~ , ; - ¦-..
Why Naval Militia Did Not
• Take Part in Memorial
•Day Parade. ¦
MILITARY CAMP
AT SANTA CRUZ
Review Will Be Tendered
' to bommander in
Oluef ;G-age.
22
TAKES HOMES
FROM SETTLERS
Russell Sage Wins His
Land Suit in State of
Minnesota^ K
The Supreme Coiirt. Decides
That Property Must Be \i.
Relinquished.
BT. PAUIi, June 1.— Justice L«wis of the
Supreme Court has filed a decision Iwblch
will result in several Stearns County set
tlers . losing their homes, title to which
wai contested by Russell. Sage, a a as
signee in trust of the Hastings and Da^
kota Railway Company. /. . '
'Under the act of Congress; of June 4,
1866, the Hastings and Dakota I Railway
the san Francisco call, stod^v vru^i 2, i9oi.
The suit of L. Shores against ".TV. B.
Hayes to. recover $37 24, alleged to be due
for board and lodging at the Hotel "Went
worth,'was on trial yesterday before Jus
tice of the Peace Lonp. ~ Hayes testified
that he had paid Shores $30 on August 6,
1900. and this testimony was corroborated
by William Robinson, -who said he waa
present when the money «was paid. Rob
inson, who says he is connected with the
Al Dodge advertising agency, fixed the
date of payment by. stating that he had
come from Sacramento 1 August 5 and
had registered at the Grand Hotel, and on
the next day visited Hayes. Shores inves
tigated the hotel register and learned that
Robinson had not registered , at the hotel
on August 5 nor for ten days previously
and Shores swore to a complaint charging
Robinson with perjury. The accused man
was arrested yesterday afternoon.
Robinson Charged With Perjury.
In position to . attack Russell Sage' s~" title
to lands earned by the completion of the
road and secured to him by a transfer
which the court holds to be valid. While
only a few hundred , acres were directly
Involved in. this case, the decision Involves
the validity of the entire grant.
\-! SCHEPS h IS i IN • LUCK.— Beman '> Bchep's; the
, young : man', who ; was ' arrested -' on I the ? day; of
the Knights. Templar parade on two charges of
grand larceny ; for; stealing - a pockctbook from
a veterinary ' surgeon ¦;. in % Mechanics'. -Pavilion
and : a , watch from ' a , tailor on a . Powell-street
car, had one case dismissed by Judge Caban 1st,
yesterday, and he was allowed -to go on his
; own recognizance . on the other charge, as j he
1 promised to^leavB for New, York.
'Ver-sj cures', Pile*. or -$50 reward." For
sale by all 'druggists., »\" , ; 7 , %"
REDUCED PRICES on
,i§\ - TAILOR=MADE- SUITS
V f//\:\ There'll be- some two hundred of the season's
; \"*^\T/ best and most fashionable styles , in women's "
t if high grade tailored suits in, the assortment for
I. v\ , -. this week's selling— taken from our regular stock .
j 'i\ and reduced to a price range .
• / m FfAlll $15 00 tft $35 00
v^^ ' Vb*^ This means a saving of from 'a third -to. a' half
V. " .- '"' '-\~v v ..They're of summer weight wool -materials, in
'•"^Stoi N< - >^ the favored .weaves . in the wanted colors and
< black^and, as usual, there's a choice for first
Stylish Trimmed .'Hats> Snmmer 5fiirt\Wais(s
Special 65.C0 and $6.00. :^
- Our . preparation for the new "week's .week, of pome 50 dozen; stylish -new
4 selling In women's- trimmed hats' at. -percale ;, summer < shirt, waists, >. worth ¦
the modest prices here quoted Is an ad-, regular $1.00^ and 51.25, for 75c ;repre-'
vance showing of stylish* creations re- ;i sent? a '. fortvinate ' purchase much . un-
produced frQm the latest Eastern. mod-:' ¦ der the regular price. 'They're in the"
els; also a line of black -tucked chiffon .-.-.' most desirable colors ~ and ' patterns..
. styles t with beautiful rose and : foliage , : bfas plaited fronts, cluster of plaits in
trimming. Styles and values- unlike back and have the bishop . sleeve and
anything you've yet seen. ; '», ';-. ; newest collar.
Sunimer Wash Skirts Suraiflsr Wrappers i$1.50,
r Special at -75c<'and $'.25: " • In basement rsalesroo'm..
'.There'll, be several hundred of these /.Superior, value marks every summer
Sopular summertime skirts, on . sale I lawnand percale, wrapper Jin -the aa-
[onday— in' crash, duck , and • cotton •'¦*% sortment which we will show this week'
covert; some: plain, ; others braid trim- at $1.50. -- The color and pattern range
ined in contrast; most sensible -styles Is ,' almost unlimited, v - All • are tastily ¦'
for.' general summer and , outing pur- "and prettily ¦ finished and ' perfect flt-
poses and many of ; them 'worth double ¦ ting;.auite unlike ¦ others * you see at'
; the special price: .• -':¦.. this price. - . * ' • ' -
luslja Underskirts Colored Lawn -
- special price $i.5o. Cofsst •C-jvers" 53c
, ' We've- set "aside: 20 dozen of -these. ' . -These corset -covers are' the "correct '
.-. skirts 1: for ? this? week's selling;^ com- .and much sought for style" to be worn
mencing, Monday.' They're of splendid ¦ '/under the; white "lawn-? summer "shirt
¦'quality t muslin, .-'with r. deep • double -^ waists. Imparting -, their .tint thereto --*
,' flounce.' * The ••outer -one 'finished ;with^- Neither; pink orblue.'s. They're of good'
'cluster of tucks and ruffle of . embroidr ' V grade of .lawn, neatly with
ery. s.The: superiority of value over the -Valenciennes, lace •¦ and Two ,
: special . price ; can o best be : appreciated .; styles -. for. a ¦ choice-^-the .long~-sleeved
' by > seeing -the f garments, i-, There'll .be ; t. sort : at :73c -and*; thqse ;wlth ; . the short-
¦>quick' selling of 'them.. > %'; - - ¦ ' , ,. sleeves: and sleeveless priced '50c.' r •• -¦
St. $±;^WUte(], & GO.
. ; . Cof- Street and Grant Avenue.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.'- 1 - ' ' A\ ; , , : y - s ¦• '. .-'¦¦." V."». : .^.<-'? . '"- . -. ¦ : -.¦
Decidedly— Most Important La d i |s| Silk H||f s
Silk Offering of the Year At an Irresistible Price
Regular 85c $1. and $1.25 - Very Choice Styles
Fashionable Foulard Silks ; i In Silk Waists ,
Reduced to 60c a Yard Reduced to $5. each
Yards and yards of the choicest Monday, "June 3rd, we offer a large
Foulard Silks of this season will be lot of Satin, Louisine and Taffeta
spread before you to-morrow at 5^, Silk Waists, far below regular prices, ;
'! and y 2 less, than regular prices. A reduced for two reasons— the assort-
phenominal summer season's business . mehts have been < broken — we must-
has been done here in Foulards. As \ have the room they occupy. ; This
a result many, lines are broken up, ' will be a' genuine treat^ for. our cus-
these, together with some of the best, tomers to-morrow, right: in the-begih-"
goods in the department will be. ning of the season,- giving you -the ;
sacrificed. Designs are of this season's advantage of wearing them theseasonn
production, comprising patterns large through. Some are in the ... prettiest
and patterns small, in . polka dots, of" tucks, others are hemstitched.-; All
fern, floral and escurial effects in the in the most fashionable, colorings,
choicest of colorings, having gathered The greatest values yet* offered: by
them all together, we will place them us—not one waist in the lot worthless*
on sale to-morrow at 8 am at the. , than $7,25, many worth up to ,$10.50 \
one price: , and; $12.00 alT to go at one price:
60c yard $'5.00 each,
Bathing Suits-Just Opened
Heaps of Pretty, Servicable Suits for Men, Women and Children
The collection consists of Ladies' Suits of every description, from the
plain neat suit, to the stunning creation— the envy of every "lady who "sees
it. The Children's Suits are some of the prettiest ever shown. Those for
Men and Boys; models of neatness. We have them in Alpaca, Flannel, Duck
and Gotton, and also in Wool Knitted. All of which we are offering at the
Lowest Prices. Here are a few special values selected at ¦ random from the
stock: ¦'¦ ¦ ; : . ¦ ; " ' - ¦ ¦' .... /_ ..' . . . ..- • .'. - ; -
Ladies' Bathing' Suits-$2.5O L A a^ eS \ Dat^ in^ S , ui ! S c "T + $^ 2^;
& T Another big value — Ladies' Suits made of
Good for the city or country. Ladies' Suits . excellent quality Alpaca. Suits come in Black
made of good q» ility Duck, in narrow blue and Navy Blue cloth, with Red, Black, Navy
and white stripes, 1 */e red sailor collar and and White Sailor Collars, neatly trimmed with T
belt trimmed with white braid. A very pretty white braid— fit and look like an expensive
suit for this price— $2.50. suit but the price is only $4.25.
t j* • t* *u '''¦'-' j c •* c±r>±r\r\ Men's Bathing Suits — $1.25 -
Ladies Bathing Suits— $O.OO ,, 7 •„ , & ., , .[f^f. ;¦-'¦
° :¦. ¦ We sell a great many Men's Suitsr each
This is an exceptionally well selected lot of season at this popular price. -The suit now ¦
Ladies' Alpaca Suits, that are prettily trimmed % offered excels anything yet shown, comes in
with white braid, come in the most servicable two parts, in- colors Blacloand Navy Blue
of colors, Black and Navy Blue; are well cut with red or white stripes. While they-last' 7
and sewn.; A special at the price, $3.00 a suit. : the price is $1.25 a suit.
t J- • r al- c 1 &^ Men's Battling Suits &&.6O
Ladies Bathing SuitS-$3.75 f One of our very bes T va ,ues-men S all-wool
Next we mention a very neat suit made of suits— come. in two parts, in colors Red; Black
alpaca in colors black and navy blue. Has and Navy^Blue with neat white or blue strip-,
large sailor collar trimmed with white* braid— ings. For appearance, fit or wear we have
looks well and fits well — see them— excellent ¦ never shown anything better at the price $3.00
value at the price $3.75 a suit. .• a suit. '
nm ...'. V " 125 to 131 Kearny Street r !¦"* .m«^
., / . '.• ' ¦ • ' ¦'¦'-. >'_' .'•• \ T ¦*'. '¦ -¦ *¦' • ' ¦ ¦" ' ¦ ¦ «-;'•'
¦ ' J- .- • . • - - - . - '. -- ¦ ">. '. ' - '
GommenGingMonaattJMeS,
we wilkDlace on : sale an
immense DUPcHase of FINE-
EMBRGI©EtrES,lMAm- .,
SGOK^HflMMBMG,l)0tll
; EDGINGS; INSERTIUGSt'
anfl AIJrlpERS. . ; \
m Prices from 5c to 50c per yard.
;f^ffi||(|i^|ii|siafBl a
pufcliase made W us iFom&.
II a ; manufacturer Id ST.
WLL,v SWITZERLAND, :
aM:wlll Le soli fullu 50
per cent less tlian replap. 7
jJllUDO. ________ v »-
... -v i-> ¦¦¦¦¦ — ¦— ¦ ii ¦¦ i — w— i j '-*-*-.'
See- our window exhibit
of above
' ' S2&J0 l
III, 113, H5. 117. 119.- 121 POST STREET;
Tailor-made Suits,
New Dress Skirts,
New Shirt Waists.
'•alfcv, To thosa who
;^y|w 'coma to Sao
. %p!^7 Francisco dnr-
/ ' J^f£ , toff the Presl-
/)S$w\ dentlal visit wb
Ik. qf A suggest the ad-
// x>Jk vl3abIIIt y of ex -
C/'i^\ amlnlng tha very
tf. I \ I Hn » assortment
. \ I I °' above goods
1 \ I I we now show.
V- \ REMEMBER,
¦y/V 1 A we ara exclu-
cW%, w^A sIve ' v dealers
X^^^^ In black goods,
-^ and offer by far
tha best assortment In San Francisco.
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
1106 Market Street.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 47a,
;R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
. :. ¦-;/.'¦ ti ' . •-, "-.;
The J. Xoonnn Fnrnl tare Co. (Inc.) ,
¦¦ '¦ - f
, SIDtziSOARD &'*z~.SO.
'Solid Oak Sideboards. 'with flae French 1
' \ p!ate glass mirrors, all sizes, ¦ all prices.
) you an* «ure to be suited here. House , '
\furcf8hlng goods of every description, to ,
( furnish your houss rrom kitchen to draw-
\ lng-xoom comrlete. As we pay. no rent. , •
(you -are the srainer thereby, for we glv« (
') vou the benefit and the profit. Fin© goods .
. ( at low flzures is our motto. It 8 & good I
)one too. for It brings constantly lncreas-)
- \ ine- business. Come in • and see for_ your- V
1 'self, -Just off Market st. • .''*.' /
>TH£ J. HOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY,'
\ ; - . : \
( 1 0 1 7- 1 023 M ission Street. <
} Above SUtb, J, San Francisco./
\ We close at 6 p. m. every day but SatnnUy.\
iffiiiipi';
ryam wisll-ksows and bkliablb old ¦
.1 fipeclaMxtcimB^OfXi Poison, Gonorrhaa,Qleet, "•
8trlctur<». N^niiiml Wealcnen. Impotencp and their
.Billed Disorders, r.ook on Dineues of Man, fre*.
OvcrOTj-earxVxper'ence.TprTnurMUKTnable.Honrf,
0to3<*.»llr;6:30toS.30ev I cs.Sandii7»,10ti>ia.Coiisal- *
tationfree»nds»credlycon!J<iential. Cad or address I
:. P. KO8CO E McX'ULTX, M. D.
" V 0PTIC?IAy. . ; t
Most Convincing
EVID^ENGE
FromMp. Ernest C. Stock,
FRATERNAL EDITOR OF THE SAN FRAN-
clsoo "Dally Call." -whose career as a Journalist
has been marked with brilliant - success, after
using Mayerle's glasses for more- than three
yean, highly appreciates their superiority, and
sends the following testimonial:
• ¦ - ' Ban Francisco, March* 4,* 1901. '
.MR. GEO. MAYERLB, Optician. San B-ran-
cisco, Cal. : Agreeable - to promise that after
two years' use : of the glasses . you . fitted to
my sight I would * tell you ¦ What I thought • of
them, I take pleasure In writing. I have never
had so much comfort In the use of glasses as
. I had ' with those procured from ' you. Their
use has demonstrated that they restored
normal sight, and I add further that the dally
use of them for many hours . by day and by
night has ' not . produced any strain on the
eyes,, such as I experienced with other glasses.
Respectfully; ERNEST C. STOCK.
Mayerle's glasses are far superior to all oth-
ers for I reading or distance, weak eyes, poor
eight, :, headaches, dizziness, . cloudiness of
vision, floating spots, pains about the eyes,
behind the head . or temples, nervousness, sore I
eyes, discharging eyes, feeling- like sand in the !
eyes, ¦ cross eyes, burning, smarting, < itching,
scratching, jj twitching, '. gluey : or 5 discharging
eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle's glasses. rest
the eyes, strengthen' the optic . nerve and pre-
serve the sight. Mayerle's glasses are. now
used by the highest United States Army,. Navy
and Government officials. _ . . . .; 1
-.75*- ¦ •?!HHb'3 > . ¦- ''."'
GEORGE MAYERLEv
• iderman Expert Optician, ;
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
Also graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE I OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. | (Charter Member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians.), . / ,
, . IO7I14 MAUKET STBEET. f;
(Opposite Hlbernia Bank), - San . Francisco, Cal.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are. wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price. ¦
CONSULTATION. EXAMINATION AND
ADVICE FREE. :
Telephone, South 572.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 9.
. German Eyewater,'.. 50 Cents.
CUT THIS OUT.
\KlHDNES$m CffflDlffli
S means constant atten- J I S
fe tion to their needs. If U /^^% '^ffi^l
g skilled workmanship, fine mate- , r&KjgjBf^fjIiw [^ S
I rial and stylish shapes can effect : f^^^^McSi^m
B is embodied in the shoes we offer a 'fc
I for the little folks. Children are
accorded the same . privileges as (.; M fe^^pl^fB') 7 !
; J;he older folks — the same 7 atten- »' '^^^1|L^W^3H I
tion and the same good values. f-^a r^i^/^T^r/lSAN FRANCISCO, ; SUNDAY, JU1S E 2, 1901^
Florence Roberts; ADpear^To-Morrow ; in "Bonnie Prince
- .¦¦' ¦ ¦ ' ¦•• :•:'-, •'¦: -.'¦¦¦. '.:. :; :' ¦ " '* '" : *'...;¦" : '-.^*^*t*".' t '.'., ,. ...-V- . . '» ; .. "¦'*.¦ : ''
r Charlie^ an(34\Vill^
Theater '^ Leading Plays
FAVORITE ALCAZAR ACTRESS
BILLED FOR LONG ENGAGEMENT
AT THAT POPULAR PLAYHOUSE
Miss ' Terrett; Mrs. Taggiart, wife of Captain
E. F. Taggart, Sixth Infantry; Mrs. Cheno
weth. wife of Inspector of Customs; Mrs. How
ell. wife of Captain. L. - P. Howcll; -Mrs. Hart
mann. wife of Lieutenant' J. D. L.. Hartmann.
First Cavalry; Master Rucker, son of Colonel
L. H. Rucker. Sixth Cavalry; Mrs. Steere, wife
;¦ - '. ¦' ¦¦ ' * ¦' "
Transport Gardes the First Detachment of a Regiment of
Educators Who Will Be Sent Out to Gohquef the
Philippines by the Force of Civilizing -Influences
ADVANCE GUARD OF THE ARMY
OF FAIR SCOOLMARMS SAILS
ON THE SHERIDAN FOR MANILA
SCHOOL TEACHERS ABOARD
TRANSPORT READY TO SAIL
FOR MANILA.
¦ \ "
CCALI* BUREAU/;i406 G- STREET,; N.
W.;': WASHINGTON, -June jL^Germany's
withdrawal of Field ] Marshal ; von YWalder-'
eee ;and her reduction -of. "her -force' In
'Poking were 'consequent 'upon the accept
ance; bv % China '. of- the-lndemnlty : ;"dem!tiid
' of the . powers.; 1 ' : This -is :¦ the :,view i of; Spe
clal'C6mmissloner.,Rockhill;sasrexpre3sed
in "aii' official cablegram '.'to '¦_ Secretary Hay,
received this evening. ¦-•. Rockhlll adds ¦¦ that
the German force' to;be retained' in Peking
will "ibe ; ' a ¦, brigade £ numbering * 4000 \ men.
iTropps of ; ; other , nationalities" are al so be-.
Ing "wlthdrawn. r f:.This : Is T . most" satisfactory
news ,to the'admlnlstratloni'whlch'lsVsat-:'
. lsfled * that: negotiations proceed/rap^;
Idly.,. to ! a concltislon.i'especially.. as tprac-^
tlcally t _all Important' points' have been 1 de-'
.termlned.i'"; 1 -; 1 ".'**"".'-';'."^' ::""..'-" •'¦»'.'.'/ 71 ¦: '
/.- Special Commissioner Rockhill is now. at
liberty ,Ho , return ; home >. whenever; he j; de
slres.MbutVwlll'prbbablylremain^'until; the
negotiations end."$ Mlrilster^Cdriger, has in-:,
formed > Secretary." Hay ithat the Lwlll 'sail
.on "July ,7 t orj China, ' L but [as i he will ¦ arrive
af terj all ithe' important : questions are] dis;
¦ posed i ' of ; the f administration . ; Is ; ; not -'so
much concerned v over) his ¦ approaching j de-.
parture ¦ as • it otherwise would ; have be«n.
Commissioner [ Rockhil 1 Will" Rsmain
."¦'¦ TJntil ,- Negotiations Are ¦ Con^ [ U: . :
eluded.
CONGER SOON TO RETTJRN
TO -POST AT- PEKING
-PARIS.' Ky.;; . « June,: L— The noted -race
horse '< Flying r Dutchman, the : property ; of
Clay ; &¦ Woodford ot this city, died yes
terday, of. catarrhal ; fever i at -• the?,: stock
tarm of Ben'Woodford. He was sold for
$15,000 -when a? two-year-old. -*" :
Although every effort has been' made to
land the volunteers in this country be
fort the volunteer . army Tgoes out of ] ex
istence, it. is not believed that it can be
done, with respect to air the regiments yet
to start j on their long voyage across the
Pacific. 1 -. To expedite the ''matter; cable
Instructions have been forwarded to Gen-,
eral MacArthur to send a mustering out
officer-' with each regiment • on the.trans
ports yet --to . sail.\ so as to have every
thing In readiness for their muster! out
on arriving in San Francisco. . A large
corps' of paymasters has been . ordered
to San- Francisco to make -.the . final • pay
ments, : . and there will ( be .no » delay In
complying withthe law, w^en the -troops
get home.- Under the ; law. the pay or the
volunteer soldiers ; . will cease June 30,- 'and
if. they are not mustered out by^that date
Congress • will have to make specific ap
propriations for their extra .service.
Acting Adjutant General Ward has re
ceived a cable message to-day from Gen
eral MacArthur saying that,the transport
Logan sailed from, Manila yesterday for
San Francisco by way of Nagasaki with
two battalions of the Thirty-eighth Vol
unteer. Infantry. *
June I— The War De
partment was informed to-day by cable
that General Chaffee.- with hia troops on
the transport Sumner, 'had arrived at
Nagasaki on the way to Manila. The
transport Kintuck, from; Manila to Seat
tle, has arrived at Nagasaki.
Mustered Out at the Specified
/ Date. . V
Ali cf the Volunteers May Not. B3
CHAFFEE AND TROOPS
ARRIVE AT NAGASAKI
Indiana, has been appointed Solicitor of
the' Internal Revenue Bureau/ vice G. M.
Thomas, 'resigned.
"United States. Attorney for the State of
Revenue Solicitor Appointed.
WASHINGTON, June L— A. A.AVlshard.
Tillman's Defiant Stand.
COLUMBIA, - S. C. June — 1.— Senator
Tillman has declined' to withdraw his res
ignation and says Governor .McSweeney
transcended his authority In sending the
resignations back to the Senators. ¦ " ¦'»
I>OS ANGELES. June 1.— Captain 'G.'E.'
Lawrence and Lieutenant H. E. Sabine of
the signal corps, National Guard of Cali
fornia, were employes of the Los Angeles
Lighting Company. To-day they v/ere dis
engaged. The severing of relations, be
tween employes and employer arose from
a question that is of much public Interest.
Captain Lawrence and Lieutenant Sabine
were informed by the lighting company
that they must either resign their offices
in the National Guard or give up their po
sitions with the company. '
Captain Lawrence Is a veteran of ' the
Spanish war and served with distinction
In the ' Philippines. When he came back
ffom Manila he was made captain of the
signal corps. The gas company has a
standing rule that no employe may hold
office in any club or organization of .any
kind.- This applies to the State militia:
The men claim that they : were unjustly
treated Inasmuch as their duties with the
State pold'ery did not Interfere with
their .work for the company.
Loc Angeles Corporation Forces Out
Two Employes Who Are Guard
Officers.
SURRENDER POSITIONS ri: r >
TO STAY IN MILITIA
General Bell Carries Out Court-Mar
tial Verdict in Captain Hancock .
" ";.'• '."-•'-.*:- > ;T*. ¦ ' Case.
"WASHINGTON. June 1.— The findings
in the case of Captain "William Hancock,
Sixth Artillery, who recently, was tried by
court-martial at Manila on charges of
"conduct to the prejudice of good order
and military discipline." and falling to
appear for duty on two occasions, have
been received at the War Department.
The specifications allege that Hancock ex
hibited himself In a drunken condition at
the Armv and Navy Club at Manila on
two occasions and by constant indulgence
In drink rendered himself unfit for mili
tary duty. He was found guilty of both
charges and was sentenced to be repri
manded in orders -by the brigade com
mander. . 5. ; . >"'.?V
The latter, J. F. Bell, in approving the
findings and carrying the sentence Into ef
fect rebukes the accused for the character
of the defense, in v.'tiich, It Is stated, he
attacks the motive of every one connected
with the bringing in of the accusation
against him, but shows not the slightest
appreciation of the reprehensible char
acter of .his conduct.
General Bell delivers a warning to the
officer as to the future.- saying that "it
might be beneficial to him to reflect that
an officer twice tried for Intemperance
within.' nine moryths is 5n danger - of ex
haustingr the patience of hiF friends and
has used up any credit which might-at
tach to previous good conduct and soldier
ly Qualities." _ " . *
Third Cavalry Colonel Retires.
WASHINGTON, June 1.— Colonel henry
Jackson, commanding the Third Cavalry,
was placed on the retired list to-day on
account of affe.
BEBTJKES ARMY OFFICER
FOR IMPROPER CONDUCT
Chief; Signal Officer.-
WASHINGTON. June L— Colonel HI. H.
Dlnwoody. _ First Signal " Corps, .recently
reliev>«J-of duty; as i chief signal officer at
Havana ' will act : as chief . signal officer
of, the.army. durinR'the absence'of Gen
eral Greely In the Philippines.
MrV John~M.' Day.
, -WOODLAND, , June, 1.— Mrs. John M.
Day, wife of the: assistant cashier of ,th« -
Fai mers' . and ¦ Merchants' Bank . died la
this city this morning of heart failure -. ;
ry W. Howgate. formerly chief signal offi
cer in the United States army, died sud
denly this afternoon of cerebral ! hem
orrhage at his hom^ in this city: H& was
67 years of age.
¦-. Captain Howgate had a ' singular and
eventful life. While a '.trusted officer of
the signal service he was charged with
appropriating a large amount of Govern
ment funds and placed under arrest. His
escape and .flight were attended .with',
many dramatic features, for by a ruse he
got away from a Government officer having
I him in -charge; while the latter supposed
Ms prisoner was taking a bath. r For years
he remained In hiding, and not until "four'
years after, his escape was he located by
eecret service detectives y as proprietor of.
f an obscure bookstore in New -York. For
some time before his actual re-arrest, the '
authorities .were aware of his'presence In
•New - York, but they ; were' disinclined to
take him into .custody, as there ,was con-'
stderable doubt concerning the evidence In'
the old case. ¦ * '
•It was finally decided to bring him back,
and former Chief Drummond made the
arrest. He was brought back here,, tried
and convicted. After . serving a sentence
in the Albany County penitentiary, he re-#
turned to Washington last December.' '
'Captain Howgate was known as a scien
tist ' of . ability. ." He gave much attention
to research" and' was the author of
what Is known as the Howgate.coloniza
tion '. plan 1 for reaching I the north pole . by
means of stations •_ along , the * route. His
attainments ' such * that he would
doubtless \ have" made a name for himself •
inthe scientific world had It not been for,
his misfortunes. '/->"->¦-"
v Captain a Howgste was born In' England.
i In'lS£2 her was appointed a "second lieu
tenant-,in the Twenty-second .Michigan
.Volunteers • ar.d the end of tha^
¦war ."with; distinction; earning prombtlon\
for gallant arid meritorious; service in the
battle of Chickarcauga and^in" the At-.
lantic campaign^ 1 At the close of the war
he ; entered -the! regular army -and rose to '¦¦
the. rank of .captain In the signal corps. ,
I" * ' ¦ ¦ .: . . ~~ T7~J-1 ¦:'•'¦•¦
Former Chief Signal Service Officer
of the Army Dies at His Horn© . •
in Washington.
WASHINGTON, June 1.— Captain Hen-
PASSING OF CAPTAIN
HENRY HOWGATE, TJ. S. A.
;v v ' "; Woodland Graduates.
; v WOODIiAND, ;~June . l.-^-The ;. grammar
school f graduates^have'^been announced as
follows : ;j Sam Charles' Giiggs;
Era J Chamberlain^.- j Harvey >'. Hlddleson,
Martin ' Halnes, Gladys Hodges Merlin 1 Og
den,-TjClarence j Porter,'; Leta '.Rogers , "and
Maggie Ryan. [ >/¦.••"< .¦ • . -.
Breaks Target-Shooting Record.
, ST. =* LOUIS. -June ;1.— A. ¦ B. ; Daniels : of
Denver/, made* the •^ target; .."record ; of the
shooting" tournament ithlsB afternoon »' by
breaking 119 targets I straight/ and making
a total of 139 out of , a" possible UO. -r--'- "•
Palmer; Takes Wright's Place.
i SACRAMENTO/ June l.^W.* S. . Palmer,
who ; for several years ' has • filled ' Vie . por
sltion of assiptan t , division ' superintendent
at Oakllnd, took \ hero to^iay as
the " successor ; of . Colonel T J.'B.- Wright . as
superintendent of the Sacramento division
of the • Southern Pacific •-•¦ :
Xinney Is Captured.- v
r SACRAMENTO, ¦ June r— AV 'Kincey . ; p n
oil .- land; promoter,' was ¦ sent .to .EYeshu . by
Chief ; Sullivan thisafternodnto answer to
a i criminal -charge HeVis' wanted
also for having ' v *'3umped"-*a* : bail. bond for
$2000,% issued in Judge ,'court ' In
San- Francisco. ':'» He ; was "arrested hert . by
Detectives- Fitzgerald "and -Fisher. ."¦
Physicians Not? a Gain in Her
. Strength and Are More Hope-
. Tful of -Recovery. • : .
! WASHINGTON. June 1, midnight.-Mrs. '
¦McKInley^has rested" weir up to this hour
and : has . rnalntaine'l the .improvement
cited In the bulletin ' ot ( the morning.'
There is every Indication she will have
another night ;and that, to-mor
row's' bulletin will show a more marked
change for, the better. .
* .Dr. Risey. and Surgeon General:Stern
berg were xwith Mrs. v McKinley - at : 10
o'clock to-night' They said after leaving
ithe- sick room the' patient was, If 'any
thing, .somewhat improved, and: that she
,h*ad had a comparatively restful day. The
[situation did. not ' call for. a \ consultation
.with? pther. physicians, "and no bulletin
was : Issued. Dr..Rixey!left at 1:30, going
.home for the : night.v ."" > .'. i ?,. . v
; The. Improvement noted in Mrs. McKin
ley's;condition:by/ the'.consulting ; physi
cians consists in a slight gain of strength.
JIf she continues' to" gain strength so that
more;' heroic ; remedies may ¦ be . resorted to
In .treating the illness with which she was
prostrated ,on ; the coast and. .which still
continues; there will .be ' a ; brighter ; hope
for her ;. ultimate ¦ recovery: ' At; the besi
slow progress ; ,wlll .'.be : \ made^ . ' as ',- her
strength has ¦' been .taxed' to " the extreme.
IMPROVED CONDITION
- OP MRS. McKINUBY
When the supposed disaster j was' report
ed the revenue cutter Forward went to sea
and skirted ; for -^thirty > rniles ' around the.
lightihlp, but came, back with the report
that not a sign; of life. or.. a ; disabled boat
could .be seen. : All . hope for . the safety; of
tlie fishermen': was "abandoned at .dark > to
day, ; -when '•; the ¦ cutter/ got into . por t. V It
,wa? jthought {during > the . day .that- the
boats 'had drifted, to places of shelter,' but
ithe failure "of -, the -Government ,vessel } to
find a "J. ra ce" ~ of. ; their .. whereabou ts t ? cbn
, viticed "the - crowd ';' of v watchers on'' the
i wharves that themen are dead.. ;Captaln
'Joe Watklns of-. the. Messenger Eoy.Is the
only ' white skipper supposed to "have j per
ished. ¦;¦*,•. •'.--:-¦ • - : •'¦:.-' " : ¦¦••'¦¦¦'.'";¦ ¦' :'-¦"¦
• CHARLESTON, . S. I C. June l.-Fif teen
fishermen are supposed .to' . have been
drowned In a wild squall yesterday,after
noon while .the^mosQUito fleet' of fishing
boats ' was 9 anchored " off . the . fishing
"X'atches." The eight boats fishing at the
time "r were^ scattered V^to" tlie: four winds,
but ,all save three "were accounted for to
night. The missing boats were the 'Anna
Julia, the Messenger,; Boy and the Knife.
There were fifteen. men in the three boats.'
Men Are . Supposed ' to Have
Been Drowned. . „ '.
Three Craft. Disappear and Fifteen
ILEET OF:FISHIN(K N \ . / ;
I . : BOATS IN A STORM
I Colonel Alexander Moore and wife. Mrs. E.
C. Carey, wife of Captain Carey, Thirtieth In
fantry; Mrs. Ball, wife of Lieutenant L.. R.
Ball, Ninth Cavalry; Mrs. Terrett, wife of
Captain C. R. Terrett, Eighth Infantry, and
sengers :
1CS and seventy-eisht colored troopers of
the Ninth Cavalry were sent out by the
Shsrldan also. The colored soldiers 'and
their mothers and sisters and sweethearts
on the wharf gave vent to their feelings
In characteristic manner, and their dem
onstrative leave takings were in marked
contrast to the self poise of the teachers.
Mrs. General A. R. Chaffee was among
the passengers. She goes to Join her
husband at Manila. - '
General A. W. Greely, chief of the
signal corps, U. S. A., sailed on a tour
of Inspection of his branch of the service
In the Philippines.
Following is a list of other cabin pas-
Cities.
'CHICAGO.' June., ir— Before poon all the
600 machinists 'employed at the' South
Chicago ;¦ Shipyards /went -. out '¦': on ' strike,"
iind those. -with others who quit in: small
shops,: increased '¦ the v 'total.. number. Tibf
striking : machinists to -morevthan -1S00. / ;
BUFEALO. N. Y... June 1.— Four M hun
dred. and fifty ,men employed in the .New
York "Central carshops'at Depew.;'.went
out on ¦ strike .to-day.' L Between 360 and ; 370
are machinists: and the ~rest;are:niachin
ists'--helpers. The ; , : nine r hour ¦}.. day :•: was
conceded :lby'_ the 'company last March;
but s no was made In the:, wages.
KENOSHA, \Wis*. -June; 1.— Tlie strike
ln\lhe ; Simmons ! t oundry was \ settled <.to
day ;and'10O0 men ".will return tb*work v on'
"Monday.".^V-'.«' " ¦* ," : • " -_? .^ '- „
;vNEW ; YORK. June 1.— The Iron- Moltl-^
ers' J ,Unlon of i North -America, v which ; has*
had : an t agreement [I for,;' some .. years J with
the 1 ; employers .by which; all * strikes will
be, . avoided;: for ; a year, .'announces ."that
there'. will, be no" strike this '•year.;. ..
YOUNGSTOWN; t Ohio.; June^l.— Trie Re-;
public : Steel : Company J to-day * voluntarily]
adyanced : the . wages ; of i all ; laborers ' at . Its
Bonnie Bell and ;.Valley. plants in this city,
10 "cents ¦ per. day. »f. The advance affects 800
Ranks of the » Strikers Are Consid
\ erably Strengthened in Two -
MACHINISTS. LEAVING,
SHOPS. IN THE EAST
EOCKEFZLLES DONATES
MONEY FOa RESEAKCH
Prominent Medical Men Will Be In
trusted "With Larpe. Sum for
, ' Scientific Work. ' \
NEW YORK, June 1.— Having conferred
with many of the, most eminent natholo
gists In this country . as z<j the best
method of setting- on .foot an 'original
scientific, research into the uroblcniE.of
medicinefand hygiene, John D. Rockfcfel
ler. has placed at. the disposal, of a bodv of
prominent medical men . ?2<>3,OOO. . to be
available for immediate expenditure by
an incorporated under the
name of ."The Rockefeller. Institute for
Medical Research." The home of this In
stitute, with such laboratories, staff and
equipment as. may be, found necessary,
will be located In this city. ;
The offlcers and" board of directors have
already been chosen. The; list of offlcers
is as follows: •¦; Dr. William --H. Welch,
professor of .pathology at,:' Johns Hopkins
University, president; Dr.' T. . M. Priidd,
professor of pathology at Columbia Uni
versity, vice president: ( Dr. \ Emmett I.
Holt. . clinical professor cf children's dis
»nsps at "" Columbia, ; -Dr". C. A.
Herter, iprofessor^of chem
istry at the University, of 'New. York and
Bellevue Hospital ; and '; Medical Collese,
treasurer. The -directors are: " Dr. J. H.
Biggs, director-: of y laboratories* for the
Boad of Health * of. New York Dr.
Tlieobald Smith > of -Boston, professor of
comparative -pathology -at Harvard Uni
versity; -Dr. Simon' Flexner, professor' of
pathology at the : University of Pennsyl
vania, Philadelphia.
¦:...-_ ¦ : . ._ •¦ - - .-
FLORENCE ROBERTS,' TTHO
BEGINS A LONG- ENGAGE
MENT AT THE ALCAZAR.
of . Captain H. Steered . Thirty-sixth . Infantry.
V. S. V. ; Dr. and Mrs. 'Ware; Lieutenant J.
R. Rice, ordnance! department: .' Hon. 'T. C
Glenn, wire and two sons; Hon. J. F.- Shafnath
and wife; Major A. ' H. Russell, "ordnance, de
partment; Captain Alexander M. Davis, com
missary of subsistence. Mrs. Davla J and two
children; Lieutenant Frank R. Lahm, Sixth
Cavalry: Major Louis Breehemln, wife and
daughter; • Major H. B. Thomason and wife;
Miss Sara Searlght. who Roes to become the
wife of Captain ' Doudy; . Major R. D.'
Pott? and wife; Mrs. McNalr, *wlfe of Lieu
tenant W. S. McNalr. Artillery Corps:
Captain Douglas Settle, Captains Hai-k jtnd
Relfsnyder. Drs. Ilp.dra and DIsn?v, Mr«.- W.
H. Clark and daughter. Miss Marvin, Mrs. J.
W. Smith, Mrs. F. Daucy, Mrs. A. W. Beer,
Mrs. C.' R. Hexamer p.nd son. 'Mrs. XV'. B.
Horn, mother and. child. Mrs. Sidney Adarns-m,
Mrs. F. D. Tompklns. four children and nurse.
Mrs. Bailey, Miss Thomas, Miss Feo, Mjss
Keyes. First Lieutenant McCornack, I.leuten-,
ant P. .Barry. Captain Parry L. Jones" Captain
F. Palmet. Mrs. Merrill and two dauRhters.
Mrs. W'llletts, daughter and son. C. B. West
and wife. Mrs. McCormack, Mrs. J. X. Ken
nedy. Mrs. H.W. Harnlsh. Hugo |C. Kelt*. W.
H. Ware, wife and son, . C. E. Lon-lenlale. S.
D. Boak. .F. J.. Wine, R. W. *,Vadd?!l, Mr.
Rucker. Cecil Lycne, James Vr. lillley, wife
and two children, J. T. Taylor, S. C. Plfspps.
Will L. P'.erce. Frank R. White. W. J. Painter.
R. McLeod. W. Wood. A. W. Davidson, T. C.
Chase, Raymond DuHa<3way, Joseph Crowe,
B. B. Bleasdale. Thomas D. Mansfield. George
W. Campbell. Ben F. Wright. E. K. Chrlten
sen. W. ' W. ¦ Marzuardt, P. F. Jernesan. John
S. Gretzer, 1>..D. Ml'.limen, Miss McColl, Miss
Mathcscn. MIfh MaxfleM, Mine " Berry, , Miss
Durham. Miss Koch. Miss Graff, Mi*5 Balaam.
Miss Wood, Miss Hayes, Miss Keith. Miss
N'eale, Miss Webb, Miss Hollister, Miss Selden
stl<iker. . * . • '
advance guard of the army of
.11 American school teachers which
I will go out to conquer the Philip-
Ji pines anew and more completely
sailed for Manila on the transport
Bherifian.
There ¦were but forty-four of these
teachers — twenty- three men and twenty
one women. It had been reported that
203 were to take passage on the Sheridan.
That number of teachers have been
chosen. from the many applicants, but in
the majority of cases Colonel Long's tele
graphic notification to report for the voy
eg» was received too late, and but few
¦were able to prepare for the long trip and
longer sojourn In the tropics In so short
a time.
The young women and the men who
sailed yesterday faced the situation calm
ly end with fortitude. There was little
excitement among them, and neither the
exuberance of adventure nor the grief of
the sundering of home ties was much in
evidence. Every face among them was
grave with the hopeful earnestness of one
¦who goes out to a new land to perform a
duty and If possible to achieve things
worth while.
Many friends of the departing teachers
•were on the transport dock for hours
before the Sheridan sailed at noon — and
they were the ones who Ehed the tears
and grave voice to hysterical laughter.
They crowded the decks of the transport
until the warning gongs sounded, and
when they had all gone ashore serenity
reigned on the decks where the brave,
earnest girl teachers stood in groups.
Colored Troopers Demonstrative-
Casuals and recruits to the number of
In which Julia ' Marlowe scored
eucIi' a. 'success last season, and while It
has been played in all the large cities in
the^East, this is its first production in the
West." The central in the play are
Angus, 'a blind beggar, and his grand
daughter Mary, who are instrumental in
stirring up an- Insurrection against -the
English in order that • Charles- Edward,
known to : the Scots asV "Bonnie Prince
Charlie,"- may occupy • an i independent
Scottish throne. MJss Roberts will' be
seen in Julia . Marloyve'3 role, of Mary,
White. Whittlcsey.' sustaining that of An
gus, -in the portrayal, of which.- Robert
Taber added much to his reputation. To
successfully portray the venerable char-
TT -^ LOREfJCE ; ROBERTS, inj !"For
1 1 ; -^ Bonnie . Prince Charlie," >wlll be
¦"""v the attraction at the Alcazar to
ll 'j.i . morrow evening. :_ This. lslthe.piay
The Alcazar management has given the
talented actress the strongest support she
has ever, had, ¦ and will spare no expense
in giving, her splendid repertoire suitable
productions. ¦ -,., • . '
Miss , Roberts' stay • here will be ! of
twelve' weeks' -duration, during which
time, she : will > appear .In such plays as
"Countess Vajeska," "School for Scan
dal," "A Woman of No : Importance,"
.'.'Camllle,". "Nell Gwynne." two
liew .plays -'by Charlotte Thompson and
others. .-..;. . : V: ?'<¦•.>¦ .-. . ¦ . ' ¦
,acter. of .'Angus,' supposed , to be'SO, years
of age, as well as the youthful orw of
Romeo Is difficult and speaks highly of,
the capabilities of Mr. Whlttlesey. .Of
-Miss - Roberts, of .course, 'little „ need ¦ be
said.. During her three prervious seasons
in v this city, she has thoroughly estab
lished herself as a favorite. Her Sapho,
Camille and- Nell Gwynne stand pre-em--
Inent, among the achievements of popular
stars cf the day. •'<)
*.¦'¦'''¦'•¦¦'¦' -..- ¦ '. .. ¦ .* — ~— ¦;. V- ; . :.'¦¦?;; . .-.--.-
the .officers, of., the Forty-fifth
•Volunteer Infantry^ bestir themselves .'and
mak'e somp sort o?.'an ; effort-. to ; ferret out
the leaders of -'the, attack on the'saloonTof
Mrs. 'Powers/ near tne "Presidio,".; Friday
nlpht the crime . will " go * unpunished. V- So
anxious are the* officers' of ; the regiment
to keep the record of x the l organization
stainless^ that they place obstacles -In the
way, of those ¦who are at tempting "to -'dls
cover the goillt:- parties." :> \ , :V
It was feared that the riotous perform
ance would be repeated last nlsrht.' but- the
presierice^of a u m6u'nted/patrol t of 'fifteen
men armed with sabers and revolvers pre
vented * any outbreak. '„: The /guard ¦ was
Placed; at the disposal of Sergeant of Po
lice* Campbe!!.-' T^!ro) : hadla .squad f of ; ten
officers' under, his command, ,-y ' ' •. '•-¦•:
/.Captains Morse and Wllsonj aids to Gen
eral • Shafter."- visited" the camp of the
Forty-fifth''.", yesterday.- - Captain 'Morse
was' accompanied b:/ a stenographer, -who
recorded the statements i made / by . fully
fifty soldier?.! Several ofthe'men admit
ted beingjin the crowd,' but denied having
taken a hand in the. assault.; Captain
Morse then sought to secure a 'statement
from Morgan, the discharged soldier,. who
was found unconscious on the street. .His
condition was such, ; however,^ owing to
the combined Influence of a drug-, whlsky
and the beating he had received that he
was unable to talk, other' than In a ramb
ling way., • '¦' .'- ¦;.';' "\ .* '..'•',":.
- .. Mrs. .Powers, accompanied!^ 1 by ,hei\
daughter, Michael. Garrahey,- a dischargred
soldier of the Forty-sixth' Infantry,, and
Charles Keenan,' a bartender, also visited
I the camp. Mrs. Powers asked ithat the
non-commissioned . offlcers of : the • repiment
be. assembled,- ,'as,.. she was. certain she
"could pick out the leader of the cowardly
'gang.'*'- . ,
•Captain Patrick, adjutant of the regi
ment i ;refi:sed to assemble the; men and
was seconded In his refusal j by | Captain
Odell, officer of the guard, who Informed
Mrs. 'Powers. that "the saloon should have
been wrecked a year aw."-- { '•' . ' — '•
Colonel . Dohr jwas then seen and con
sented to allow Mrs. Powers to visit the
camp at retreat and inspect'.the men. As
a result of this Inspection three men were
picked out "as' participants' in', the attack
on; her. home. .They were Private Gregory,
Colonel Dohr's orderly; Private 'Riley of
Company K and Private Nelmer of Com
pany-F. • . < '. i * - % .-;-.<•¦ .
• TI»j men . all admitted ¦, being In the
crowd, but . denied having thrown | any
stones ?or/ having [ taken Va ! ¦ patt . in • demoli
,iBhln{?'.theit*o"man'Ji;pIJiee-of«bitel8e»8.-'Phe
soldier's •- were. ¦_•' ordered.. Into '¦¦-. confinement
pending further Investigation. , Mrs." Pow
ers was ,:>osltive she could 'pick but -the
corporal who, had incited thcyriot.but he
was probably among, the dozen or more
non-commissioned- officers "who had been
given, permission to leave camp when lt i
became known that Mrs. Powers would'
be on hand at* retreat to; point out those
who had- assisted In wrecking her place.. .
Warrants were Issued by Judge Caban
iss yesterday for the arrest of Gustave O. '.
Weinholz, Lyon and' Lombard streets;
, Adolph Li'.' . Rehfeld, Lyon and Greenwich
streets, and Leon Borel, 2842 Baker street,
on the charge of violating the liquor laws.
They were among the saloon-keepers near
the Presidio who i were refused a renewal
of their licenses recently by the Board of
Police Commissioners, and it Is now al
leged that they sell liquor along with ci
gars and sandwiches. •• ¦ . . ..*'....
Mrs. Powers Visits 'the Camp
of Regiment and Picks : ,
Out Culprits. .
SOLDIERS DENY
CREATING RIOT
'Efforts to Find Leaders
of the: Mob Foiled
;: by Officers.
iiilii
Pages 23 to 32TWO AUSTRALIAN ATHLETES
PROMINENT IN THE EYES
OF THE SPORTING PUBLIC.
Bankers Are Feasted
SAN JOSE, June L— The visiting finan
ciers of the State, who have been attend
ing the sessions of the California Bank
ers' Association, were entertained and;
feasted by the local bankers to-day. A
drive about the city and suburbs was
enjoyed and then Alum Rock Park was
visited. Here a fine lunch was served,
and speechmaklng and a social time bad.
The visitors were pleased with the beau
ties of thi3 section. This . afternoon they
departed for their homes.
Eriseno. 2b 3, 0 0 0 0 8 0|
Jones, p J _0 J> J> _0 J J.
Totals ...... .I.... 31 0 1 0 27 15 »
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. \
San Francisco 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0— if
Base hits 1 0 0 4 0 0 2 0 1— f
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—4
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1— X
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones 2. Sacrifice hit—
Hildebrand. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 1. Los Angeles 3. First base on called
balls — San Francisco 2. Los Angeles 2. Lett on
bases— San Francisco 3. Los Angeles 8. Struck
out— By Iburg 2. by Jones 4. Double plays —
Jones to Kelly to Hutchlnson: Householder to
Hutchlnson. Time of game — 1:30. Umpire — J.
O'Connell. Official scorer— H. S. ifcFarlin.
at C.Reilly, who covers the third. corner.
The drive proved too much for that popu
lar player and" he fumbled, thus allowing
Krug. to reach first, which filled the bases.
Pabst,' who saved ' the " game on J Wednes
day tjy his opportune hitting, was next In
order. He hi.t one too speedy for Jones
to handle, but that twirler interfered with
its course and spoiled ' Briseno'3 chance.
The ball am Wed out- Into center field, al
lowing both Hildey and Schwartz to cross
the rubber. Nordyke also proved equal to
the occasion and contributed a choice hit
to center garden, scoring Krug and Pabst.
By : this time Oscar, the speedy, woke
up, , and . after having remonstrated . with
the Dutch for the liberty which they had
been, taking 'With his delivery proceeded
to put a stop to their pilgrimage around
the bases. • ' .
¦ r- Try as they would, the stars from the
sunny south could not make a single run
and it was not until the very last inning
that they secured a single safe hit off
Iburg's delivery. Ham was strictly on his
good behavior and pitched pennant win
ning ball. This is the second game dur
ing this week that he has won and in
both the visitors experienced all the bit
terness of a shutout. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
" AB. , R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Hlldebrand, 1. t 3 1 1 0 5 0 0
Schwartz, 2b.... 41102 4 0
Krug. s. e..:.. 4 ,1 1 0 0 2 0
Pabst. lb..'. 3 1 1 1 14 0 1
McCarthy, c. f.-. 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Nordyke, r. t .40 2 0 1 0 0
Rellly, 3b.. ....4 0 1 0 1 61
Graham, c...... 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Iburg, p 2.0 0 0 j 0 2. 1
Totals 31 4 8 I 27 14 "i
LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff. • r. t 4 0. 0 0 1 00
Hutchlnson, lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Householder, c. f 40 1 0 1 2 0
Spies, c 4 0 0 0 '5 10
C. Rellly, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 11
Kelly, s. s 4 0 0 0 4 4 0
Bowman, 1. f 1 0 0 0 4 0 0
Iburg, Pitches . a Splendid
., Game and Allows but
- a Single Hit.
In. the latter part of the fourth inning
yesterday the_ Dutch unearthed a perfect
bonanza and before the good thing was
exhausted four runs had been recorded to
their credit, y Hildey, who, by ' the way,
neatly gathered in five skyscrapers dur
ing the game, started the f,un with a clean
drive to center^' Schwartz followed suit
and then Krug, who is supposed to march
in : the van of the, talent. when it comes
to wielding the stick, pushed a fierce one
Shut Out 'Visitors for
the Second. Time
This Week.
LOCALS AGAIN
DEFEAT ANGELS
' STANFORD XJMIVERSITT. Jim© L— A
case. of virulent smallpox has been dis
covered in Palo Alto by Health Officer Dr.
F. Heyden'Mos3 and has caused alarm at
Stanford University.' Th« patient is a
young lady *iom Portland, Or., who
spent some time In San Jose visiting 1 be
fore coming: to. Palo Alto. Before dis
covering her affliction she attended the
baccalaureate sermon and senior farce at
Stanford -University during commence
ment week.
Health Officer Moss has taken every
precaution toprevent the spreading: of
the disease. The house occupied by tha
young lady has been quarantined -with all
its occupants, while Deputy Constables
guard the approach to it to prevent com
munication between its occupants and the
outside world. The case has been removed
to a cabin near San Francisquito Creek,
outside of the town, and Is being: cared
for in perfect isolation. Meantime the
doctors of the town are busy vaccinating
the Palo Altoans.
SoeciaJ DlsDatch to The CalL
Ceremonies.
Afflicted Young Lady Attends
the Commencement
SMALLPOX CASE
CAUSES ALARM
Stanford University Stu
dents • Are Exposed
to the Disease.
¦;¦-'• --¦ • .- ¦ -:,.;¦• ¦ r. h.
.Clubs— », R. ,*,H. E.
Boston' ...'.. .'....J;. .'..'. ..10 *-8' : >.-- : 3
Chicago .....................V........ 5 7 ..' .'•"' i
'¦¦ Batteries— Mitchell ind Schreck ; Harvey,' Kai
toll. and Sullivan.. ,-¦¦-;.;:-
Yale Defeats the Tigers.
: NEW HAVEN.' June L— Yale defeated Prince
ton to-day. 9 to 8 in the first game of the col
lege i championship - series. • Th« > same - was / an
unusually poor , exhibition of baseball. Score:
; ' .-••. ;;• y - J : . ; -\ R.V-H. ' K.
|?Je : .;..'........ ;..:.:... 9 .10- 5
Princeton,...;;.......,.;..".."........". I '•¦'.¦••
CLEVELAND, June : 1.— Cleveland loot % to
day' 8 game in the first Inning on three error*
after two were out. Rain stopped the gams in
the seventh. Attendance, 2100. Score: >
¦ ciubs— v : - ; v :. : ''.'.- : ,' ;.r.-. -:h.';' "*b.-
Cleveiand'^ ............ .............. ..2 : '<f* , 4
Athletics I..;.'.......,...... .V...4 . 5 1
- Batteries— Hotter and Wood; Piatt and
Powers. i-'>; : ''" ¦: - '¦ : -¦'¦ ¦.. -¦ -.¦ .•/.• >•¦¦-
-CHICAGO, June 1.— Three hits and three, er
rors In . the I sixth -gave the visitors .six runs.
Chicago > could not ; overcome ' th!« , lead,' owing
to 'Mitchell's;- fine' work. . Freeman's" batting
was tha feature. : Attendance,' 5000. ; Score: ; .
¦S AMERICAN LEAGUE.
MILWAUKEE, June 1.— Gear pitched a won
derful game . to-day, allowing Milwaukee but
two hits i and shutting I them out. Garvin also
pitched ¦ well. Attendance, j 2500." , Score: •
Clubs— . . R. H. E.
Milwaukee .................. ....,.;. .0 2 : >v,*i
Washington....; :.3 6 ! 2
Batteries — Garvin* and •' Leahy, .' Gear and
Clark.- : "..;¦ - ¦ ¦ ' ¦.}¦..-,:.. . ' ¦
DETROIT, June 1.— Two singles in the flrrt
inning and a clever double steal by Casey and
Barrett gave Detroit their only run to-day.
Attendance, 2116. Score: • ' ,
Clubs— ¦"¦:. -.. ¦-.-;¦'¦¦ '' R.' h. ..E-
Detrolt' ,r..l .. 5.'*" -8
Baltimore ..:....; ...........$ 11 I l
Batterles-iMlller and McAllister, McGlnnlty
and Robinson. . - -. .- -••:-. , • .-,; ¦ ;.-
NEW. YORK. June ' L—Selbach won to-day's
game for New York. • In the fourth he doubled
and scored on an out and an error by Tenny,
tying the score. In the eighth he rapped out
a two-bagger that cent Van Haltren home with
the .winning run. Attendance, . 20,000. Score:
Clubs— ; , R. H. E.
New York." .........;........ 2 4 : 3
Boston ......; 1 5 3
Batteries— Matthewson, Smith and ; Bower
man; Nichols and Kittredge. Umplre^-O'Day.
1 CHICAGO. June 1.— Taylor was batted j all
over . the field to-day. Sud"hoff kept the I locals
at sea except in one inning. -Attendance 1200
Score:.' ;. . - ., •..;;.¦ ; . - ,
Clubs— , - \ ; " R. H. E.
Chicago'-. '........' 6 - •¦'¦¦¦'7 ' 4
St. Louis 9 14 0
Batteries— Taylor and Kllng; Sudhoft and
Ryan. Umpire— Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. June 1.— Erooklyn was un
able to score until the ninth inning," -when
three errors by Barry and two by Eallman,
to which wore added two bases on . balls and
a hit,, netted- the visitors five runs. Attend
ance. 6346. ¦ Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 11- 2
Philadelphia ......".......... ....8 12 8
Batteries— K-itson and McGulre; Donahue and
McFarland." Umpire— Emslie.
PITTSBURGH June 1.— Pittsburgh j lost , In the
first inning by giving two bases on balls and
making three errors. The crowd was so in
censed at Cunningham's decisions that he had
to be escorted from the grounds and hustled
to the Cincinnati omnibus.' Attendance, 6500.
Score: ¦ • ' -. '
Clubs— . R. H.\ E.
Plttsburg ;. 3' 11 4
Cincinnati ..... 4 "8 \ 1
Batteries— TannehlU - and Zlmmer;i Newton
and Berger. Umpire— Cunningham. . ,
and American Leagues.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Result of the Playing in National
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
The Santa Fe Is now; carrying 'passen
gers to the. Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced. : Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel ¦ Hotel to
morrow- afternoon, passing Merced Bie
Tr'ees en route. • •• v , . - *
Ask about it at 641 Market street •
Yosemite Valley via Santa : Fe^
. Buena Vista Council . of the : Royal Ar
canum at Its last held meeting initiated
six "candidates. ; On the! night: of the 28th
inst. the council celebrated, its first anni
versary with ' an« entertainment ' and dance
in the assembly hall of the Pioneer ¦ build
ing-.- ; . ' ¦;¦¦.:.:-¦¦)¦:. ¦-.•-• ¦.-, -•¦:•¦.•'-¦•. •¦¦/••» :.;••
. The several councils of the order are re
ported as doing well and actively at work
increasing the = membership. ' '", V f ' ¦ -
Royal -'Arcanum.
. Court' Home > City .was ? ~ instituted at
Santa Clara last Wednesday, byv Perma
nent '* Secretary' Falconer, .'assisted ' by P T. ;
. S. : Hunt, v organizer, and about : eighty
members of Court • Garden City • in San
Jose/ The officers of: that court initiated
the candidates. ;. : '¦""; " "; - - .. >
«\The Executive Council . will pay a fra
ternal visit, to 'Court Occidental ; on the
28th ' of /June. ¦• • -' v ,— ; .v. ,_ : -.
: Highs Chief Ranger Boehm will" pay 'a
visit on t the 6th inst: ? to Court > Rose City
in 'Santa Eo8a.v:-..v.t;-- L- ! ' .;- "i
Court Santa- Amanda will give a social
In Its locale on th* Wthln«t. ~.
Ancient Order, of Foresters.
LEXINGTON, Ky.,; June 1.— The Ken
tucky State • College ; and • Georgetown
(Ky.) College, baseball game to-day ended
in an attack on- the umpire in' which he
was badly beaten and had to be rescued
and escorted from the field by policemen
The score was 10 to 10. and the umpire'
Joseph Smith of Georgetown, rendered a
decision which was resented by the State
College. A riot followed, in which several
were hurt/ '•
Players Attack the Umpire.
A came of baseball was played by teams
made up of railroad men on Thursday
afternoon at Alameda. Victory rested
with the passenger men by a. score of 12
to 1L The features of the game were the
battery work of both teams, home runs
by O'Gara and . Hagy and - Whitehead's
kicking. Harry Buck' showed himself to
be a wonder in stealing bases, and Matt
Clarke grabbed everything that came his
way. The line-up of the teams follows:
Freleht. Position. ' . Passenger
Brown J..." S. s. and catcher...... O' Neil
Whltehead.. ....... Pitcher Hagy
Gardiner First base ...Keith
Sherwood Second base Judah
£ Ia r k e Third base Sm;th
Pomeroy Catcher and s. b.. Scott
Wapple.. .....Left field Jones
Jlmkins .Center field O'Gara
McCrystal Right field Buck
Umpires. Tim Mee and Seab Wood. '
Scorer. Malone Joyce. - . .
PASSENGEB MEN" WOT
IN BASEBALL GAME
They Itefeat Freight Men, Although
Brilliant Plays Are Made on
Both Sides. ¦
SUMMARY.
Runs ' responsible for— Russell 12, - Thomas 2.
Three-base hits— McLaughlin. Stricklett. Two
base hits— Courtney. Held, Russell. First base
on errors— Oakland t, Sacramento 2. First base
on . called « balls— Off .Russell *. off Thomas 6.
Left on bases— Oakland 8, Sacramento 9. Struck
out— By Russell 2, by Thomas 4. Hit by pitcher
—Sheehan. , Stricklett. : 7 Double :. : plays— Hanlon
to Devereaux to Courtney to Hanlon ; | Sheehan
to 1 Courtney. V ; Passed . ball— Lohman. • Wild
Pitches— Russell 2. n Tlme of game—2:15.'i.Um
pire— Tyler. * Scorer— Rutherford. .: • .- '
Base hits.. 1*0 0 1 1. 1. 1- 0 0—5
Sacramento 0,01 13 7 3 ; 0 . 1— 16
Base hits....; .ro 0 1 2 1 7 4 1 1—17
.. Totals ....44 16\ 17 . 11 27 2
RUNS \ND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland ...............0 0 0 0.0 11 00— 2
; AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Devereaux, s. s 5 2 2 2 2.3 2
McLaughlin, 1. f..... S 2 2100 0
Courtney, 2b... 5 2 3 0 3.2 0
Stricklett. r. t. ...:.. 5 3 1 '1 2 0 0
McOucken. c. f 8 2 • 3 ---1 2. 0 0
Hanlon, lb 6 2 3 1 10 10
Stanley, c.:.. ..5 1 1 "1 5 10
Sheehan. 3b.......... 8 113 2 2 0
Thomas, p 5 1 111 10
Totals ....'.. ......31,^2 5 2; 27 8' «
: SACRAMENTO., : . 1
'.,:.-¦;- "« AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f..'. 6. 0 0 0 5 <• 1.1
Streib. lb & r. f... 3 11 13 1 1
Decker, lb 1 0 0 • 0 1 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 1 1
Dunleavy, s. 8 4 0' 0, 0 3 ;2 ; 2
Mcskiman. 1. f. ...... 4 0 11 3 0 0
Moore. 3b............. 3 0 1 0 12 0
Lohman, . c............ 3 ' 1 0 0 6 ; 1 1
Russell, p :..;.... 4 '.. 010 1 o:/O
Held. r. f 1 0 1 0 2 0 0
OAKLAND.
SACRAMti.TO, June 1.— Sacramento
defeated Oakland easily to-day. Russell
was touched up for seventeen hits.
Thomas was found for only five and three
of these were scratches.. Score:
Champions Have a Walk-Over.
Time-**. :24%; %, :48»4: %. 1;14%. Good
Ftart. Won easily. Second and .third driving
Winner. J. A. Cruza's b. g. by Racine-Mln
netta. Searchlight had some early speed
Saul of Tarsus ran to his notch. Racetto the
best horse In the race. Novia had speed first
part, fell back and came again. Scratched—
Katie Waicott 103. Blanche Sheppard*i03 Let
lger 105. Burdock 105. '
Betting— Racetto. 8-5: Saul cf Tarsus, 18-3-
Novia. 13-5; Dr. Nembula. , -5; Canejo, 15-
Searchlight, 20; Brown Prince, 20; Fairfax, 100
2541. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling
four-year-olds and up; pursp, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. M. Sir. Fin
2523 Racetto, 4, 105....Alexdr 2 3 n ju n«
(2470)S. of Tarsus. 4, lKJ.Basg 5 2 V, 1 2 2 •>
2486 Novia, 6. 103..... Tullett 1 5 1 4 n 3 u
2507 Dr. Nembula. 5, 105-Ftry 6 4 1 5 1 4 -iIl
2514 Canejo. 4. 103 Hoar 4 7W 61 SJ
2470 Searchlight. 6. 105. Butler 3 1 % 2 2 6 5
2462 B. Prince, 6, 105..Stuart 7 6 3 7 8 7 S
2411 Fairfax. 4. 109... Hazard 8 8 8 8
Time— 1-16, :C7: VL, :24; 'J, :48%; %, 1:14; m.
1:41; 1 l-16m. 1:47%. Good start. Won ridden
out. Second and third driving. Winner D
8. Fountaln'n b. r. by Montana-Fusillade's
Last. Montallade is the most improved horse
racing here. Rio Shannon badly ridden. Stuart
made too much use of him at first. The Fret
ter and Donator ran nice races
Betting— Montallade, 9-2; The' Fretter 11-5-
Rio Shannon, 9-!; Donator, 4; Horton, 16-5. '
254O. FIFTH RACE— On© and, a sixteenth
miles; Free handicap; three-year-olds and up*
purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Str. Fin
(2533) Monta! lade. a. 105. Butler 3 2 1 11 1 «
S310 The Fretter, 5, llS.Ruiz 1 3 n 2 n 2 ns
<251O)R. Shannon. 4. H6.Stuart 4 1 *; 4 3 3 ns
2324 Donator, 6, 97..Fauntlry 2 4 S 3 h 4 3
247S Horton, 5. 110 Hoar 5 5 5 5
2339. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
three-year-olds; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. "Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2469 Wardman. llO.Gulterrez 5 3 14 1 n * 1 2
24C1 G. Brown. 107 Tullett 2 2 3 2 H 2 2
<2474UllIlouon. 107.. Alexander 4 7 4 S 3 3
(250")Cath. Bravo, 103...Hoar 6 5 2 3 1 4 6
2459 Carlonian. 107 Prior 7 12 S '4 5 5
2509 Rapp, 107 Bergen 3 6h 6 1 6 3
<2506)lntrepldo, 107...Fauntlry 1 4 n 7 7
Time—^4, :24>4; %, :4S%; *. 1:14. Fair start.
TFbn easily. Second and third driving. Win-
Her. P. C. Donaleche's b. c. by Tammany-Be
linda. It was a gallop for Wardman. Car
lor.ian plenty of early speed. Illilouon, outrun
first part, closed very strong. Scratched —
Princess Titanla 1C5, Follow Me 107.
Betting— Wardman, 6-5; Gaylon Brown, 10;
Illilouon, 7-5; Catherine Bravo, 13; Carlonian,
100; Rasp, 25; Intrepido. 30.
Betting-— Est&fio. <; Armado, 8-5: Flattered.
t; Hon. P. Sterling, 12; Remele, 30: Dawson
E0; Jacqueminot. 9-2; You You. 6; Post Bell.
150; The Ladaen, SO. .
233S. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling;
"maiden two-year-olds; purse, $301
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
8477 Estado. 108 Bassinger 3 • 4 n In Ins
2515 Armado, 105... Alexander 4 13 2 % ' 3
2531 Flattered. 105 Hoar 5 2 V, 3 1 3 3
2497 Hon. P. Stert'g, 108.Sturt 7 3 n 4 1 4 3
2490 Remele. 108 ..Prior 6 6 »4 5 1^ 5 4
Dawson, 105..Fauntleroy 16 1 6 2 6 5
2S15 Jacqueminot. 106.FarrelI 2 8 17 1 7 i«
X5S1 You You, 105....Websterl0 10 8 18 1
2441 Post Bell. 105 Fox 8 7 1 6 2 9 3
....The Ladaen, 108.. Butler 9 9 h 10 /10
Time— *A. :25; %, :4». Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, Doble & Co.'s ch. c by
.Emperor of Norfolk-Florenta. Bassinger on
Estado put It on Alexander on Armado; latter
looked badly beaten, but came again. Flat
ttred ran his race. Too You, away poorly
wouli not try- Scratched— Prestene 105 Priam
105.
2537. SECOND RACE— Mile and fifty vards;
selling; three- year-olds and up; purse, {300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2494 Quibo, 3, 107. ..Bassinger 2 14 13 l m
24S9 Darlene. 3. 102 Stuart 5 3 3 3 V> 2 U
2319 Sen. Matts, 8. 107.Tul!ett 4 2^21 34
2532 Master Cal, 3. lCS.Alxndr 6 4 1U A H 4 1
2423 I^ucera. 3. 102 Butler 3 6 5 5 6 12
2519 Cavanaugh, 3, 102.Tmpln 1 5 »4 6 6
Time— 50 yards, :O3V4: %, ztlM; % :483i- *i
1:15; mile, 1:42%; lm 50yds. 1:46. Good startl
Won first three driving. Winner. J. J. Sherry's
eh. c by RIley-Augnetta. Quibo best, but he
¦wanted to lie down at the finish. Senator
Matts ran a fair race. So did Darlene. Lucera
made a miserable showing.
Betting— Quibo. 7-10; Darlene, 20; Senator
Matte. 15; Master Cal, 6-2; Lucera, 7; Cava
naugh, 150.
Betting— First Shot, 4; Gold Finder, 6: I
I>on't Know. 25: Tizona. 8; Hilary, 12- Mel
karth. 15; Monda, 8: Talma, 25; Sisquoc, 9-2;
Summer, 100; Jack MeCabe. 60; Bagdad S
Time-^4. :24 : %. :43; %, 1:14^. Good start.
U'on first three driving. Winner. P. Moore's
b. g. by imp. Foul Shot-Gratitude. First Shot
the best. He should have won further off
Gold Finder closed very strong under vigorous
handling. I Don't Know ran his race. Tizona
was closing stoutly.
OAKLAUTD SACETRACK— Saturday,
June 1, 190L— Weather fine. Track fast.
SS36. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling
four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt. - Jockey. St. »i. Str. Fin.
£514 First Shot. 4, lOiGuteirz 4 2 1 1 U l h
S470 Gold Finder, 4. 105-Abcdr 5 S 2 2 i 2 3
2496 ID't Know, a, itC.Bergn 8 4 1 3 n 3 n
2462 Tizona. 4. 106 Farrell 2 3 *£ 5 H 4 h
2458 Hilary. 4, lQS.Fauntlery 3 6 1 4 1 5 2
2329 Melkarth. f. 105 Prior 9 9 »i 6 M 6 •£
2518 Monda, 5, 109 HazardlO 10 5 ! 1 7 1
251S Talma. 4, 108 Stuartll 11 15 8 2 8 1
2506 Plsquoc, 4.. 105 Hoar 7 6% 91 9^4
2518 Summer. 4, lOS.Burlngm 1 In Ml 10 1
24S6 J. MeCabe. 6. 105.J.Alidl2 12 11 1 11 1
T.">26 Bagdad, 4, 105. Bassinger 6 7 % 12 12
THE CULL'S RACING FORM CHART
1894— Beat Jack McGowan for featherweight
championship, 20 rounds; beat Jack McGowan
second time, 20 rounds, on points. - .
lS95^Stopped ' Ernie McAuliJte, 11 rounds:
v Billy Williams, 10 rounds; Abe Willis. 7
rounds: Charlie Gibbs, 7 rounds; Jack Mc-
Gowan, 20 rounds; Mick McCarthy, 11 rounds;
draw with Jack McGowan, 30 rounds. - .
1896— Knocked out Mickey Peach in 10 rounds.
1*97— Draw with Billy Williams, 20 rounds;
beat Jack McGowan, 15 rounds.
. 1S9S— Knocked out Fred Evans, 7 rounds.'
1890— Beat Ned Cullen on foul, 15 rounds;
draw with Mike Walsh for featherweight
championship, 20 rounds; knocked out Mickey
Peach, 11 rounds; draw with Billy Williams,
IS rounds.
1900— Stopped Hughie Napier, 7 rounds; draw >
with "Cocker" Tweedie, 20 rounds; draw with
Billy Williams. 20 rounds; beat Jim Hlscutt
for lightweight championship, 21 rounds;
stopped Ned Cullen, 17 rounds; beat Jack Mc-
Gowan for lightweight championship, 25
rounds; beat Mike Walsh, 8 rounds, on foul.
1901— Knocked out Jack Cullen for light
weight championship of West Australia, 11 •
rounds.
Percy Cavill a Noted Swimmer.
Percy Cavill, who is to act as substi
tute swimming Instructor of the Olympic
Club during the absence of his brother
Sid, is an expert in the business. Al
though but 24 years of age, he has won
innumerable trophies by his prowess In
the water and has held world's records.
He I has defeated the champions of. Eng
land and 'France and; to-day is looked
upon as a wonder. ' ;.- : - •
Percy Cavill is a member of the noted
family of swimmers. He began- swim
ming when six years of age. He won his
first championship when he reached his
majority, and since then has annexed
several. He held the half-mile • world's
record for three years. He broke the
Australasia record for a quarter of a
mile and for 1000 yards. He defeated S.
Greasley, champion i of England, and has
also defeated Tyres, another noted Eng
lish swimmer. He went to Paris in 1898
and lowered the colors of Nuttal, who
Is the Greatest Rider of
the Day.
AUSTRALIAN ; TTTRFMAN
ADMIRES OUR JOCKEYS
H. C. White Says That Johnnie Reiff
H. C. White, one of the most prominent
turfmen of Australia, ' arrived here yes
terday on the Sonoma. He is on his an
nual trip to England, where he attends
the summer race meetings. ' • '¦
He attracted much attention last year
in racing circles through winning the Liv
erpool cup, one of the most classic races
on the English turf, with Skopos. .
White is an enthusiast over American
racing methods, jockeys and trainers, j
"I think that American Jockeys can put
it all over all other riders," he said yes
terday. "Take Johnnie Relff, for instance.
There is, in my opinion, no rider like him
in the world. He rode my winner in the
Liverpool cup and won the race through
his clever riding. Before American jock
eys went over to England the boys that
had the mounts used to make an effort
Just before they came to the grand stand
and that was all. An American jockey
rides all the way. He goes to work from
the moment the horse leaves the post un
til he Is under the wire. I employ. Ameri
can jockeys and shall whenever I have a
horse to start." ¦ '
1:13%. • ' - " ¦ ' - ¦ ¦• •
One mile— Sarner . won, Farmer Bennett sec
ond. Callear third. Time. 1:42%.
CHICAGO, June . 1.— Hawthorne summary: ..
One mile and seventy yards— Blue Lick won,
Vincennes second, Tobe Payne third. Time,
1'45^4. ' ¦
Five furlongs, pelllng— Harry Beck won, Hans
Wagner second. Red Hook third. Time, ¦ 1:01%.
Steeplechase, handicap, short course — Salluet
won Frond second, Filon d'Or ' third. Time,
3:19%. ¦ ' \ . - N > • • .'¦ « ' ¦ V
. Five furlongs, The Lassie stakes— Endurance
by Right won, Doreen second, April third.
Time. 1:01. . . ;¦ . t ¦
One and- an eighth miles, handicap — Her
lando won, Knight Banneret second, Isobel
third. Time. 1:52%. . * '.
Six furlongs— Bessie Macken won, Edith Q
second, Pone;- Leo third.- Time 1:13%. '
One mile and seventy yards, selling — Keome
won. Prairie Dog second, Sprung third. Time,
1:46.. . , • -.-. , ¦
TORONTO, "June l.—Six furlongs— Cormorant
won/- Grandeur ' second, Lof ter « third. Time,"
l:17«4.' . - . - * - ; ' <" " ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦•'
Five furlongs — Sailor Cadmus won. Pilaster
second, Lady Patroness third. Time,- 1:05. ..•/ «'
One mile and a quarter— Belcourt won; Opl
untia second, Barley Sugar third. Time,2:17U.
• One mile . and an ( eighth — Colchester ¦ won;.
Glenwood second, Orontas third. -Time, 2:00. •¦
¦¦Four and .a half furlongs — J. Patrick « won,
Wire In second, Transfer, third. ' Time,- :58^4; .
. Steeplechase, two and a ' half miles— Arezzo
won. Burlap second, California third.' f. Time,
6:10%. ¦• - • - .- . ¦' V -
¦ One mile — Spurs -won. Our ¦' Lizzie second.
Templar third. Time. . 1:16. •~- . • .. .- *¦.< »v
NEW YORK, June 1.— A big half-holiday
crowd hailed Commando, considered the great
est three-year-old of the decade, at Gravesend
to-day. He started in the Carlton stakes at
one mile, and over a dead track he galloped
home in 1:39 2-5, making a new track record.
Summary:
About six tuilonss— Ben Viking won, Fabius
second. Prince Richard third. Time, 1:12.
One mile and a quarter— Lanceman won, Lat
sor. second, Sidney Lucas third. ' Time, 2:07 3-5.
Hudson stake. Jive furlongs— Hanover Queen
won. Meridian second. Whisky King third.
Time, 1:02 1-5. •
The Carlton,' cn«» mile— Commando won, Blued
6econd. Time. 1:39 2-5. Two starters. |
Five furlongs, selling— Juvenile won. Buzz
second. Tchula third. Time, .1:02 4-5.
Selling, one mile and a sixteenth — The Ama
zon won. Lucky Star second, The Golden
Prince third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
CINCINNATI, June L— Newport summary:.
Six furlongs, selling — Flop won, Ahamo sec
ond, Little Sadie third. Time, 1:15.
Five furlongs— Fred Krupp won, Corlnne C
second. Dr. Worth third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs— Jim Gore II won, ,Lady Kent
second Pine Chip third. - Time, 1:14%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Slasher won, Dolly
Waemer second, Edna Gerry third. .Time,
Five furlongs— Foundling won. Silk Cord sec
ond. Linden Tree third. Time. '1:01%.
One mile, selling— Brother Kred won, Meggs
second, Issac third. Time, 1:42.
ST. LOUIS, June 1.— Fair Grounds summary:
Seven furlongs, selling— Ben Frost won,'_ Sue
Johnson second, Fred Hessig. third. Time, 1:28.
Five furlongs— Helen Print won. ' King Daly
second. Trio third. Time. 1:01%. •
Six furlongs— Wax Taper won, Hlnocker sec
ond. Nobleman third. Time, 1:13V4.
Club • members' handicap, mile and a quar
ter, purse $2500— Hottentot won. Van Horbeke
second, Chappaqua third. Time, 2:07%.
One and three-sixteenths miles, , over five
hurdles— Colonial Dame won, Mr. Rose second,
Happy Medium- third. • Time. 2:17%.
One mile, and twenty yards, . sell'nr — Chopin
¦won, Zonne second. Meddlesome third. Time,
Record at Gravesend.
Speedy Commando Makes a New Track
RACES ON EASTEBN TRACKS.
TIM HEGARTY, the Australian
champion boxer, .arrived yesterday
on thQ Oceanic steamship Sonoma.
He was met . at the wharf ' by
George Hartlng, his manager, and
after luncheon was taken round to the
various newspaper, offices. Hegarty is a
mild looking fellow five feet six Inches In
height. He weighs at the presents time
about 120 pounds but says he can easily
reduce to 126 pounds, the weight stipu
lated in the articles of agreement to fight !
McGovern. He has few of the earmarks
of a fighter. His face and hands" are
minus the scars of battle and the only
evidence that he might be a.- ringster is
his big shoulders ! and closely cropped
head. He boasts of never having received
a black eye. His hands are in splendid
shape and have never been strained or
broken. / ¦>
Hegarty has fought more than 100 bat
tles and has never lost one. It is true
that "Crocker" Tweedie fought him a
twenty-round draw some months ago,,
but Hegarty easily explains this by saying
he fought the battle with eight-ounce
gloves and for the benefit of Tweedie, who
was in need of funds. He also says that
the rounds were two minutes in duration
and that at the time Tweedie was much
bigger than he was while In this country
and 4s besides a very shifty boxer,
Hegarty says that he has come over
here to box McGovern, and as he wishes
to give the Americans an Idea of his
prowess in the ring he wants ample time
for training. He says he can get into
prime condition in four weeks and unless
given that length of time refuses to go on
with the Brooklyn cyclone-.; He will train
for his coming bout ;at -jthe. Terminal.
Australian Billy Smith' will assist him in
his work and Harting will look after his
interests.
Hegarty is not a native Australian but
was born in Ireland in the vicinity of the
Lakes of Killarney. He went with his
parents to the Antipodes when a boy.
He is 26 "years of age and has been fight
ing seven years. Following is a partial
record of the fighter's struggles in the
ring.
1S92— Beat Fred Williams, 8 rounds; draw
with Jim Anthony, 20 rounds. • ¦ • ,
1833— Knocked out Bunt Lewis for bantam
championship; stopped Jim Anthony, 16 rounds.
Second round— Fiery Friend beat Barbara
Frltchie, ft-4; Lady Newark beat Adamantine
fi-0; Promithlus beat Resident Agent, 7-0; iZmlu
Bey a bye.
Open stake, first round— Pasha Kennels' Real
Article beat George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket,
12-6; Gold IXist Kennels' Brutus beat F. A.
McComb's Royal Flush. 3-0; F. \A. McComb's
Bona Fide beat E. M. Kellogg' s Frisco Lad,
4-2; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat Sterl &
Knowles 1 Ripple, 4-2; P. M. Curtis' Anchor
beat Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon, 6-1; P. J.
Reilly's The Grafter beat F. Schou's Xora
Lawrence, 3-0; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim
beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Jewess, 4-0; Russell
& Allen's Scotland Yet beat Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking- Airs, 8-6; L. F. Bartels' Best Bar
gain beat H. H. Gray's Commander, 10-1; f. il.
Curtis' Echo beat L." F. Bartels' Banner
Bright, 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Round About beat
P. M. Curtis' Vagrant, 7-3; P. M. Curtis' Nar
cissus beat H. Perigo's Coctrolles, 10-4; A.
R, Curtis' King Cotton beat "VV. C. Glasson's
Sleigh Bells. 14-3; P. Jackson's Honor Bright
beat Gold Dust Kennels' Forget 4-0; -A. -R.
Harrison's Briar Root beat F. ; Schou's Lady
Glenkirk, 4-0; F. A. McComb's Hot «aste beat
Aeneid Kennels' Athena, b-2; Russell & Allen's
First Foot beat W. . Cairnes' . Imperial, 7-4;
Yosemite Kennels' Mose beat A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald, 5-3; Russell & Allen's Daisy
Clalr beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne, 6-0;
A. R, Curtis' Vulcan beat J. Smith's Boney
Boy. 7-4; E. Geary's America beat M. K.
Parkinson's Ben Lomond. 5-2; P. M. Curtis'
War Eagle beat Thomas Maher's Bad Boy, 3-2;
P. M. Curtis' Warpath beat Chlarini Bros.'
Brass Button. G-2; George Sharman's Black
Flush beat P. M. Curtis' McKinley, 6-0: F. A.
McComb's Little Sister beat F. Jones' Har'.eaii
Gladys, 4-0; George Sharman's Chicago Boy
beat A. R. Curtis' Charta, 12-5; P. J. .Rei'.ly's
Warshap beat Pasha Kennels' Belle Rocket,
6-0; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat C. Bonar's Wild
Xorah, 6-1: Pasha Kennels' Rocker beat W. C.
Glasson'e Dewdrop, 3-0; E. M. Kellogg's Bucii
beat D. Toland's Twilight Jr., 5-0; Tasha Ken
nels' Fiery Face beat A. R. Curtis' Blus
Ribbon, 8-1; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince beat Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire, 3-1;
Pasha Kennels' Snapshot beat H. Perlro's Lady
Davenport. 4-0; E. N. Whiteslde'a Jold Bug
beat P. M. Curtis' Shadow. 6-0; Pasha Ken
nels' Lawrence beat P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union, 4-0; J. Cane's Greenhall beat W. C. de B
Lopez's Eager, 4-0; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha
beat Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells, 5-0; A
R. Curtis' Rector beat Sterl & Knowles' For
Glory. 3-0; Star Kennels' Mayflower" beat E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 5-2; Pasna Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat L. M. Connell's White
Hat, 3-0; George Sharman's Bowery Boy beat
H. H. Gray's Bannockburn, 4-1; Steri &
Knowles' Sleety Mist beat W. C. de B. Lopez's
Sara, 3-2: E.* M. Kellogg's Iowa I^d beat T.
J. Cronin's Vixen, 4-3; Russell & Allen's Rosle
Clair beat F. A. McComb's Motto. 4-2: P. Jack
son's Golden Russet beat \V. C. Glasson's lone,
5-0; Chlarini Bros.' Santonin beat 1'ash.i Ken
nels' Robert's Army. 4-2; P. J. Reilly's Plough
boy beat H. Ferieo's Babe, 5-3: E. N. White
side's Greenback beat E. M. Kellossr's >?weet
Emma, 4-0; L. M. • Connell's St. Helen beat
Pasha Kennels' Red Agate. 3-1; Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist beat Sterl & Knowles'
O"Hara. 4-0; Russell & Allen's Castawav beat
Star Kennels' Game Boy. 6-4; Russell & Al
len's Spiteful beat J. Smith's Master Work
man. 3-0: A. R. Curtis' Candelarla beat W
Cairne* 6 Gold Ore. 8-3; Sterl & Knowles'. Ollta
beat *D. Toland's Pleasant Girl. P-l; T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat George Frederick^on'B
Grand Marshal. 5-0; A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad
beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 4-2.
Sapling, stake, first round— F. A'. McOotnb's
Fiery Friend beat F. Jones' Dorothy Belle, 7-1;
J. Kerrigan's Barbara Frltchie beat Fat ha
Kennels' Reported Absent, 6-4; G. Graham's
Lady Newark beat George Sharman's Silver
Coin, 11-4; J. Kerrigan's Adamantine a bye; J.
Kerrigan's Promethlug a bye; Pasha Kennels'
Resident Agent bea* H. H. Gray's Msd Girl,
16-2; C. Graham's Emln Bey- beat H. II
Gray's My Dog, 5-L
Probable winners in the open stake are
Real Article, Wedgewood, The Grafter.
Scotland Yet, Echo, Narcissus. Honor
Bright, Hot Haste, Mose, Vulcan. War
Eagle, Black Flush, Little Sister, Luxor,
Rocker, Fiery Face, Gold Bug, Lawrence,
Rector, Roman Athlete, Sleety Mist. Rosie
Clalr, Santonin. Greenback. Rural Artist,
Ca&taway, Spiteful and Vandal.
Following are the day's results with
iucge John Grace's official scores:
Ldttle Sister is at the head of the list
of choices for stake honors and Is held
at 4 to 1. Wedgewood, Luxor and Vandal
follow at 6 to 1, Sir Pasha and Rector
next at 7 to 1 and Roman Athlete selling
at 10 to L
Bohe, too, made the moneyed ones say
bad words under their breath, for they
had figured her chances good at 5 to 1
against Reilly's Ploughboy. Scotland
from Rollicking Airs at 4 'to 1, Rocker
from Dewdrop at 3 to 1 and Lawrence
from Royal Union at 2 to 1 were also de
cisions that were annoying to those who
play favorites. . .
borne good, hard coursing marked the
run-down of the open stake, with the fa
vorites strong as riag-getters.
Quite a reversal ot form was noted
when Fine Fire offset her. last week's
good ¦ work by a listless course against
Tyrone Prince. The makers or oaus set
lu to 1 that the imported dog would re
turn a winner, and it was giad tiumgs to
the chance players when tne red cioth
told he could rest until the next fctake
With age added the saplings that made
their debut as hare-chasers at Union Park
yesterday might reach well to the front
on the list of celebrated coursing mate
rial. But of all the green, skittish pups
that were ever taken for a walk it would
be hard to find a wilder lot than the ones
Jin: Grace shooed out on the field in the
baby stake. Every, dog in the bunch
seemed to have had an experience with a
small boy and a tin can and to be expect
'ing another such- annoyance, judging
from- its nervous actions. ;' While the
youngsters may. in : time 1 show their
breeding and make records, it is safe to
say thai it will not be until the next cir
cus reaches here, ¦¦ ,
Kesiaent Agent made. a good showing In
the run-down, bui tailed to score in the
next course against Prometheus. Mc-
Comb's Fiery .friend made but one point,'
while her opponent, Dorothy Belle, scored
seven in the opening course. The talent
went wrong in making her a 2 to 1 cnoice.
Champion Hounds -Will Force
Her to Run Sometfnprder
to Win. .:¦:'«
McComb's Courser Is
Favored for the
Stake.
LITTLE SISTER
IS THE CHOICE
Th« bookmakers suffered intensely at
Oakland yesterday. Four favorites, and
¦well played ones at that, one second
choice and one much favored long shot
captured the purees and made the back
of the books *the 'standing- places for
strings of lucky ticket holders. That is
the reason why there was so much joy on
the 5 o'clock Oakland boat— except among
those who carried the riveted bags.
Notwithstanding the good Bhowinpr of
Montallade on. Friday tbte chalkers of
fered 7 and 5 to 1 against him, making
The Fretter the favorite in the one mile
and a sixteenth race, the fifth on the card
and the best of the day from all racing
view points. Rio Shannon was taken to
the front by Stuart at the outset, Montal
lade, with Butler up, tacking on. Butler
kept him to it and going round the turn
worked into the first position, never los
ing It after that. The Fretter and Rio
Shannon were driven, out and a. »Hooe and
.exciting finish resulted. The owner of
.Montallade won a handsome bet on his
horse.
First Shot, the favorite at 5 to 2 at the
opening, but S to 1 when the horses went
to the post, won the first raco without
;any Btrain and effort. Summer and First
Bhot went down the back stretch to
gether, but at the turn First Shot pulled
. away and cut the wire a head in ad ¦
of Goldfinder. who was ridden hard at the
finish and made the place. I Don't Know,
with Marty Bergen up, took the Bhow.
Quibo, a 3 to 5 favorite, with Bassinger
up. walked away from a field of six In the
second race, over the one mile and fifty
yard course. Senator Matts was beaten
out for the place by Darlene's spltndid
cprint on the stretch.
Bassinger, on Estado, the second choice,
by a driving finish beat out .Armado. the
8 to 5 favorite, a nose in the four-furlong
maiden two-year-old race. Armado led
until the paddock was reached, and then
the race was nip and tuck until the wire
¦was undergone.
Wardman, piloted by Guiterrez, was
breathed around the, ring in stage whis
pers to be the best and sturdiest ciaft on
the seas, and the ship sailed home nicely
for first money over the six-furlong
route in the fourth race. Carlonian and
Gaylon Brown held the right. of way until
the stretch, when Wardman, gaining
epeed all the time, finished two lengths
ahead of Gaylon at the wire. Illilouon
coming up from behind made the show.
Wardman was listed as 6 to 5 favorite
Racetto, favorite in the sixth race, beat
out Saul of Tarsus and Novia from the
paddock to the wire. Searchlight did all
the leading at the start, but went to
pieces when the finish came. Alexander,
who had the mount on Racetto, gave a
good exhibition of riding.
Come to Grief in Six of
the Races. Over at
Oakland.
4
Favorites and Heavily Played
Longshots Capture the
Coin. .
?
BY LOUIS HONIG.
UNLUCKY DAT
FOR BOOKMAKERS
EVENTS ON THE TURF, THE DIAMOND AND THE COURSING FIELD
AUSTRAL IA'S CH AMPION BOXER
ON HAND TO FIGHT McGOVERN
Tim Hegarty Reaches Port on the Steamship Sonoma, Ready to
Go Into Training for His Bout With Terrible : Terry-~Percy
Cavill Will: Teach Swimming to the Olympic Glub Members
:THE- SAN ; ;FRANCISC6 : "'^
¦ was conceded to be the '. best swimmer In
the, worlds His performance was so sat
isfactory that the French Government en
gaged him to instruct the pupils of its
military schools in the art ;of swimming.
Ho swims after the style of his brother,
Sia Cavill. He has I perfected the famous
double overhand stroke and will- be of
great assistance to the clubmen. He . will
leave New York immediately to take up
the position of instructor during bis
brother's absence. . ..-•.. .. .
24
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF AKATOMY
it mB ¦;'i°niiAixH8r.tit84«ft-,s.r.ca. :
' " *lr '•' , ' ¦».T'» e .^S*** AnuonUal Musemnta tbe
igjSl ''Pea^'st on the Coast. Est^ytars.
tSELi DR< J0RD A"-D!SEASES OF MEN
fSMyl Consultition free ind strictly prirate.
fl tr%M pISS 10^ personalty or by leiter. A
S f ill "*™ CKMlnerery case undertaken.
" B : * II" ;",**¦"*««.; MAILED FKEB. (A
, H ¦, fj. -V- Tillable book for men) . , :. ,
DH. JORDAN « CO., 1051 Market 8L.S. F.
¦ ink m sH Km I I
Cnre Their wBf % E ™
; The man is vet unborn who is great enough to master the al-
most limitless field of medicine . and surgery. No one is more
•strongly convinced of . this . than the members of • the * staff of
Dr.' Meyers & Co. .Other physicians, however, have tried to do thi3.
•but have met with disappointing results to- themselves, and often
disastrously to their patients. For this reason Dr. Meyers & Co.
determined at the very beginning of their professional careers, away
back in 1881. to limit their practice to a singlcline of diseases, and
to originating and perfecting cures for such ailments. They treat
consequently, diseases. and weaknesses which they are absolutely cer-
tain they can positively cure, to stay coxed forever.
) THFY TURF Iwvout Debility, Stricture. Rupture, Tu~ )
\ «! , - - i%E - mors, Varicocele, Private Diseases, Cancer, V
' ( Sleeplessness. Rheumatism. Kidney and Bladder Diseases. Spine Dis- I.
) ease. Liver Disease. Heart Disease. Blood Diseases. Skin Diseases. {
) stom ?9 n Diseases, Eye and Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases. Rectal Diseases t
PflV Wheil Well 4 s a "Suarantee Br. Meyers & Co. will let
* r 7 . o -7 . the patient deposit the price of a cure in any
bankm San Francisco, to be, paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. after he is
entirely well.' If it 'is; not convenient to-do this, payment may be
made in weekly or monthly installments.
Home Cures^Free Book AItho u gh h is p referaWe to
- ¦.. . , . 1 t"; ou "» see the patient in many in-
stances, it is not always necessary. -If you cannot call, write for pri-
-vate- book,- diagnosis sheets, free advice, prices and other particulars.
Correspondence solicited. - All letters confidential.- No printing on
envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender.. Cures sent either
by. mail or express; .
FREE CONSULTATION.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St.,
&/\TS FRANCISCO.
; Elevator Entrance.; Hours— 8 to 5 dally; 1 to 8 evenings, dally; Sundays. 9 to U.
After the Firej]
P^LADB'S GUN STORE
Reopened at old dumber, 421 Kearny
street.. Goods slightly damaged by water
and flr« to Be . sold for thirty days at '
Great Reduction. FISHINO TACKLE and
¦ SPORTING GOODS of every description.'
All new goods at special discount during
sale. Highest cash pries paid for raw '
Furs. Sand a cents' for postag* of 100-
page Illustrated " catalogue. -. OAKLAND, June 1.— While crosslnsr the
road at Twelfth and Clay streets this aft
crngon Miss Stella Steen of 763 Thirteenth j
street was knocked down' and seriously '
injured by a runaway pony; attached "to a^
phaeton. She was cut about the left el- '¦'
bow and perhaps internally injured. The ,
young woman was taken to her* home, >
where she is being treated: -- r < -j
The pony and phaeton belong to Mrs. :
C. A. Thayer of Tenth avenue. ."The
pony took fright .while Mrs/ »Thayer I was
about to get Into the vehicle at Twelfth
and Washington streets. She was thrown
to the sidewalk, but escaped Injury/ ¦
Cerello "Wins Rich. Stake.
LONDON, June 1.— Lord; Falmouth's
Cerello won the. Whitsuntide plate of 1000
sovereigns at the* Manchester -Whitsun
tide meeting to-day. «P. Lorillard's Amor-*
et II rtiaher) was secondhand War Paint '
owned by Lord Durham, third. 'Ten
horses ran.- / ",' ' ' ' x : "> •:'*?'^
IjATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS. ' . -•-> r< -
NEW YORK— Arrived June 1— Stmr Esper- •
anza, ProgreEso and Havana. • - • - 'i
YOTTNG WOMAN HURT
BY RTTNAWAY HOJtSE
. HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
•.GRAND. HOTEL*
Mrs K.J Douglas, Phil;
S F. Arnold, ChicaKO .
C B Weil. Ariz
Mrs A Harrel & dau,
Bakersfield '
Mrs F DMiller.-Bksfld
W Campbell. Los Ang
N D Allen, Kan City:
CM Martin, Lor. Ang
C Li Schuffelin & w,~
' Los Aneeles i • ,
Miss Monahan, Los A.
T F Norton. Los Ane "
Sara Norton, Los Angr
Katherine Norton, L A
E \V Curthoy & w, NY
A Leltch & w, Sydney
Mrs M Thomas, Sydney
W. I Hunter; Sydney
J;W Bailey, Worcester
C H Reed,& w, Cal
G C Fyfe. Victoria '
H-B Norment. Va
A J Pommer & w. Sac
C A York, w & d, Sac
J E Dunn & w.Chicago
J \V H Cummings, N J
/Mrs M E Carpenter,
Newark
W K Reed, M Park
Mrs F W S wanton. Cal
A P Bchoen, Wash
T W Ballard,' Alvarado
C P Nauert, Oakland
W Eccles It. La Grnde
.fe I Compere, Los Angr
Mrs L Gronlund & d.
Seattle . \ .
J J Flynn. NY
Mrs J O Bracten, Chic
Miss E B.Emerson,
. Boston - .
W D Stevenson, Cal
G R : Baker. Stockton
J J Hebbron, Salinas
T R Clark. Cal
M E Concannon/'Cal
W C Welbere, Sonora
E W Stephens & w,
Ohio - V
C H Crawford. Stanfrd
L F King:,* San Jose •
G B McKee & W/ Cal S
J P Beach, Cincinnati
Miss L B Beach, Cin
cinnati
Miss N D- Beach, Cin
cinnati
Mrs Orth & d. Pa *
RChllcott, Seattle"
H Belden. St Paul*
g Lester. N Y ¦
G H Asrnew, Merced .
W Lloyd. Pa
Mrs C A Miner, Cal i
M16S A L Johnston,CaI
Miss S E Johnston, Cal
Miss Hood, Baltimore
J L Mclnernev, Cal
JM Walters,' Cal
J Dumains. Butte
M H Spauldlng, Stanfd
Mrs J P Spauldlngr.
Stanford . ¦ „ *.
Mrs H G Holyoke. '
Seattle
;\ PALACE HOTEL,. - •¦..-...
C H.RIce, Ohio-
A M Tillinghast, Ohio
J Hatch, San Jose ¦ - :
J -E Heaton, Conn . - •
G«VIgreux, Paris • -
MIbbD Fpy, Seattle •
Miss E Foy, Seattle
J E Bourke. • Chzo '
J Zimmerman. N T B
C M Avery. Chicagro ¦:¦
I S Baum & w. Portland
! J B Farlsh, Denver;:
j C.Wavid. MInturn ..
;i E S Watson, Redding;
, G V'Lowry, .Stanford -
! Mrs W. Burs, St Louts
i A H Burg, St Louis :
i S .Hagerty & w,-Aus : .
: H C .White. Australia
Misses White. Austrlta
D F Napier. London -
H W Day, London \
H Carncross, Pa ' , .
. ,A W Depue, Pa I
j S B Plechner, St ; Paul
j Mrs A Windsor. B C :,
! R '. J Walker/^ Glasgow I i
- G ¦¦ li * Kennedy & w,
• Tahiti - ;i
' A' Gouple, . Tahiti ..* ' : . .; ,
Miss Gouple, Tahiti
E Levy & s, Tahiti
Mr Rey, Tahiti N
Mr Debesselt, Tahiti
J J Kunane, Denver
J R Grismer, NY
J S Moore, Standord
W H Seamans, Sacto •
J H Fenton & w. i Conn
O • Theil, Guatemala
J Frank, Rochester
S Gottlelb. Rochester
J A: Brent. Cal / ¦ -.
F F Prentlsa & w.Ohlo'
S Storrow. L. Angeles I
R J. Hlllas/ New York £
W F Keed. Ohio ' i
Mary Reed, Ohio ' .";•
H B McNear.' Chicago "
F H ' Moon. ¦ San Jose r
1 1 Raymond-'Whitcomb £
j "* Excursion — .¦
J L;Drammond & w ¦
Miss - Drammond . v. . •': .-
Mrs R Stout
Dr H G Alrich
Mrs B A- Pattee "y
Miss E I Adams '/ i ¦ •.
Mrs E Hammond fl ". ~»
P L' Dexter. & w i v _
NBW WESTERN HOTEL..
* HBurhans, Ky * --"'
M P, Flannery, Sacto :
B D Williams, La V
, ¦ J\W , Shea; > Ne w ¦ York g
i : A v J Anderson, Benicta
'. G Foster __ w, Seattle
• A C Ranpendok, Grass V
M Varozza, Sta, Cruz."
¦ ; J5 B Ellert, .Tiburon --'
j ; L r A \ Gobel. El ¦ Paao '
J.F . Langrston. * N T •..-
P ."W Polndexter, Mont
Mra F H Coon«y, Mont
G W Baldwin.- Cal \
OO Reich, Denver
H Pepper, ¦¦-. w & ¦- 3 ' c,
Tennessee' <v~ -
R G McCSood, Stanford
W-'i Chapman, } L. ! Ang
C Raven, Eta Barbara
The child, since she was recovered from
Baxter, has been with friends of the Bu
fords near Napa. Their attorneys insist
that • she will remain under her grand
father's control.
"Buford had threatened to kill me on
Bight," was Baxter's declaration, when
questioned concerning his unfriendly re
lations to his former wife's father.
OAKLAND, June 1.— William S. Bax
ter, who was charged with the abduction
of his daughter Marcellene, had his case
dismissed by lustice Quinn In the Police
Court to-day, upon the father's testimony
that he did' not know the child's grand
father, S. H. Buford'of Napa, had legal
ly adopted the little girl. - . . *
-Baxter also declared he did not even
know his wife Lad secured a divorce from*
him before her death. He had been trav
eling In the east for five years, under the
name of W. H. Dow. Baxter's explana
tion for assuming another name was that
he had been in correspondence with his
wife and she had desired to keep that
fact from her father.
ter's Guardian.
Not Know About His Daugh-
ABDUCTION CHARGE
IS DISMISSED
William S. Baxter Declares He Did
No action will be taken as to choosing i
Smith's successor to the football cap
taincy until college opens. Lloyd A. Wom
ble, the clever end and the man who ran
In a close but friendly rivalry in the elec-
Smith's Probable Successor.
This startling ruling cf the committee
means that the Blue and Gold eleven will
open its season in August handicapped by
the loss of its captain and most brilliant
player. "I_ocomotive" Smith has played
l'or'three successive years in the Fame po
sition on the /California team and has
earned the reputation of being the great
est halfback the coast has ever produced.
In his freshman year he captained his
class team, which defeated Stanford 20 to
0. He played in the last three Thanks
giving games, assisting in no small de
gree to the 22-0 and SO-0 victories. At the
close of last year's season he was elected
to the football captaincy, the honor
which he must now resign in his senior
year. Smith is almost as well known as
a baseball player, having held the posi
tions of pitcher and catcher in his class
and college teams. On the track he has
shov.m remarkable ability ' with the
weights.
Smith is one of the most popular men
i.i college. He is a member of the Siirma
Nu Fraternity and is enrolled in a num
ber of honorary societies, including* the
Skull and Keys, Theta Nu Epsilon. The
Winged Helmet t and The Golden Bear.
"The committee is united. In the mat
ter, and Smith will be refused admission
in Augvst. We realize how much his loss
will cripple the team, but the* faculty reg
ulations must be enforced at all costs.
Otherwise we .might as well give up our
standards and conduct one course for
bonafide students and another for ath
letes. No, there can be no appeal from
the- decision of the committee. Smith will
rot* be allowed to return before the spring
term ax least."
Smith Will Be Rejected.
The members of the faculty committee
who have taken this action are Profes
sors George C. Edwards, Thomas R. Ba
con, William B. Clapp and Lorln M. Hunt.
Colonel George C. Edwards said to-day:
"Smith will not be allowed to re-enter
college next fall. His work in his studies
has not been up to the requirements and
his attitude in the matter has been far
from satisfactory. Last Christmas his=
record demanded our attention and we al
most decided to exclude him, but as he
was a valuable and much needed man in
athletics we concluded to give him an
other chance and passed him on proba
tion. He did not profit by the warning.
He has neglected his studies and shown
no inclination to catch up in his work.
Consequently, there is but cfcie course open
to us.
B— -=— ERKELEY. June 1.— Because his
college work has fallen far be
low standard Warren W. Smith,
_____ captain of the University of Cal
ifornia football team for 1901. and
the greatest college halfback in the United
States, will be denied admission into the
university this fall. This is the 7 definite
and final ruling of the faculty athletic
committee, which has reported on the
standing of the famous player. The com
mittee finds that his scholarship has been
inferior. After giving him a warning and
putting him on probation for the last
term, the committee has been forced to
an extreme expedient and he will be sus
pended for six months.
Livermore in Gloom Pending Decision
of Suit on Appeal Before Su
preme Court. •
OAKLAND, June 1.— Pending the decis
ion of William M. Mendenriall's . suit
against the Livermore Gas and Electric
Light Company, now on appeal before
the Supreme Court, the town' will be de
prived of both gas and electricity. ,
When Jlendenhall won his $20,000 dam
ape suit against the company, on the
ground of breach' of contract about three
months ago, he apreed to allow tho com
pany ,to go on lighting the town on con
dition] that the property covered by his
Judgment was left undisturbed. -' ",
He has now filed a replevin suit against
the company." charging: that -they sold" a.
I quantity cf -electric apparatus valued. at
$2000 to the town of Livermore' for 5800.
.Mendenhall sues. to recover this proper
ty, and has withdrawn his agreement not
to Interfere with the lighting service. ''. He
has announced that- he wili attach the
entire, plnnt anflstle it up until the Su
preme Ccurt decides the original suit .,'. ,
LITIGATION AGAINST GAS
COMPAUTT DARKENS TOWN
ion for captain, seems to be his logical
successor. , ¦
This is the second time that a Univer
sity of California football team has been
crippled by the summary action of a fac
ulty committee on the scholarship of its
captain. In 1899 James' Whipple, captain
of the eleven, was forbidden to play in the
Thanksgiving intercollegiate game be
cause of his poor standing. He disobeyed
ihe injunction of the committee and was
promptly dismissed by the president, but
reinstated at the beginning of the follow
ing" term. ,.' • '
The football season this year will begin
nearly a month earlier than usual on ac
count of the change In the date t>f tho In
tercollegiate game. ' Instead of being
played on Thanksgiving day the "big 1
same" will be played three weeks earlier,
on Saturday, November 9. This is In ac
cordance with the athletic agreement
drawn up between the two colleges, aimed
at the reform of some of the abuses in
Pacific Coast football and intended to
brlnp H more into harmony with Eastern
football.. .
At a meeting of football managers at
the Olympic Club last night, there were
present J. T. Nourse, Graduate .Treasurer
of Stanford; Reno H. Hutchlnson, Gradu
ate Manager of the University of Cali
fornia; George James, captain of the
Olympic Club; Irwln.J. Muma. manager
of the Olympic Club football eleven, and
"Pete" Smith, manager of the Reliance
Club team. The following schedule for
the coming football season was drawn
up:
September 28 .California vs. Reliance
" Stanford vs. Olympic
October .5 California vs. Olympic *
¦ Stanford vs. Reliance
October 12 California vs. Reliance "
/ • Stanford vs. Olympic
October 19 Freshman Intercollegiate
October 26 ; California vs. Olympic
Stanford vs. Oregon
November 2 California vs. Oregon
Stanford vs. Nevada
Novembers California vs. Stanford
Other games not scheduled are the
three championship matches between the
Olympic and the Reliance teams, a pos
sible California-Nevada game, and the
proposed Christmas game with Chicago.
Wisconsin, Michigan or some other crack
eleven of the Middle West. •*
The preliminary same? will be played ¦!
on the college grounds at Berkeley and i
Palo Alto, and the deciding matches will
probably be held on the old F,->lsom
street grounds. .It has been decided tin
ally-to hold the big- intercollegiate game
for the next two years in San Francisco
instead of on the campus of one of the
universities, as was first planned at the
conference of the two college athletic
committees last year.
X-ILXIAN BRANDES WAS
BEATEN BY HEB, FATHER
Testimony of Former Witness Tells
of Punishment for Alleged
Theft and Falsehood.
OAKLAND, June 1.— Judge Ogden held
an extra session of court this morning to
allow the completion of J. S. Harvey's
testimony which, is being read from the
records of the former trial of the Brandes
case. .
Harvey was Brandes' assistant on his
beat In Berkeley at the time of Lillian
Brandes' death. He has since, died and his
former testimony Is admitted by agree
ment of the "Attorneys on both sides.
Harvey's story told of the whippings
received by the little girl whom Brarides
is accused of murdering Lillian Brandes
Is described as a gentle child who seldom
spoke to any of the other members of the
family. The witness said that Brandes
accused her of lying and stealing, ¦ and
said it was hopeless' trying to 'reform her.
After the , tragedy Harvey left the
Brandes house and when" he had given
his testimony at the trial he went to
Canada, where he died.'
The picnic association will give a party
next Saturday night, when the prizes won
at the recent picnic will be distributed.
Fidelity Circle has arranged for a party
to be given on the night of the 14th Inst.
At a recent meeting of Pride of the
Forest Circle Past Grand Chief Compan
ion J. Falconer was presented an elegant
locket In appreciation of his services to
the circle.
The social given by Loyal Circle last
night was a very pleasing' function for
the members of the circle and their
friends.
Sherwood Circle gave a social last
Wednesday night in the Foresters' build
ing, which was attended by a large num
ber of people, who had a very enjoyable
j time.
Companions of the Forest.
The distinguished soldier assumed the
command of the Irish brigade and fought
with distinction with the Boers during
the recent war In South Africa. McBride
MICHIGAN WINS
THE PENNANT
THE arrival of Major John Mc-
Bride, who comes to this city- to.
lecture on June 22, at the Invita
tion of the Knights of the Red
Branch, is looked forward to with
great eagerness by members of the Irish
societies. -
Middle West' College
Athletes Have An
nual Meet.
High Jump— Won by Tate of Minnesota,
height, 6 feet 9% inches/Meyers of Wisconsin
second, Snow of Michigan third; .
220-yard dash — Final heat won by Merrill, Be
loit; Bell, Illinois, ' second; Hahn, Michigan,
third. Time, :22 3-5.
Shotput— Roblnson, J Michigan, first; Merrill,
Beloit, second ; Perkins, Chicago, third. B Dis
tance, 37 feet 9 J /4 Inches. , • • .
Pole vault — Won by Dvorak, Michigan; Ends
ley, Purdue, second; ' Balrd, , Illinois, ' third.
Height, 11 feet VA inches.
880-yard run— Won by Hayes, Michigan; Har
ris, Minnesota, second; Foster, Michigan,
third. Time, 2:10. . :- : *
Two-mile run— Won -by ¦ Kellogg, Michigan:
McEachern, . Wisconsin, second; Smith, Wis
consin, third.- Time, 10:01 3-5. " • - '
220-yard hurdle— Won by Maloney, Chicago;
Schule, Wisconsin, second; " Porter, Beloit,
third. Time,- :25 2-5. .- ¦-•¦•• ¦ - -' - ;
: i Running broad Jump— Won \ by Schule, VWIs
consln, 22 feet 4 Inches ; : Tate, Minnesota, sec
ond ;• Flshleigh.' ; Michigan, third. , . -% ¦¦,.\-y:.
Mile relay , racer-Won* by Michigan. C
One mile run— Won by Keachie, Wisconsin;
Hahn, Wisconsin, second; Hall, Michigan,
third* Time, 4:22 2-5. „-".;, „
. 440- yard run— First . heat won by Merrill,-Be
lolt; Maloney, Chicago, second; Page, Wiscon
sin, third. Time. :49 4-5. . '
Discus throw— Won by Baird, Northwestern;
Webster, Wisconsin, second ; Warner, Iowa,
third. Distance, 113 feet 10 inches. ¦.-,.'¦
100-yard dash — Final heat won by Hahn,
Michigan; Leiblec, Michigan, second; Bell, Illi
nois, third. Time, :10. , •
. 120-yard hurdle— Final won by Maloney, Chi
cago; - Backman, Minnesota, ' second; Semite,'
Wisconsin, third. Time/ :15 4-5. ,This time i?
the world's Intercollegiate record. '
Summaries:
The intercollegiate record for the quar
ter, mile run was broken by Merrill of Be
lolt, who did the distance in 49 4-5 seconds
in an exciting race in which W. A. Ma
honey, Chicago's star sprinter, one of the
best runners in the West, was compelled
to take second place. The former record
for the quarter mile was 50 3-5 seconds.
In the 120-yard hurdle race F. G. Ma
loney of Chicago equalled the intercollegi
ate record of 15 4-5 seconds. The total
points scored by the various colleges are:
Michigan 38, Wisconsin 28, Chicago 17,
Minnesota 14. Beloit 11, Illinois 6, North
western 5, Purdue 3, Iowal. .Indiana
failed' to make a score.
CHICAGO, June 1.— With one Western
Intercollegiate record broken and ' one
equalled, the annual meet of the "big
nine'' colleges of the Middle West was
held .to-day for -;the first time under the
auspices of the new Intercollegiate Ath
letic Association. The honors went to
Michigan.
Magnolia Lodge No. 41— V. T. Duncan, mas
ter workman; I M. ' Tj. Stern, ' foreman; - N.' Fal
lek,' overseer; J.' Bowman, recorder; ¦ H. : Stern,"
financier- S. Kragen, receiver; S. Isaacs, guide;
H. Ratowsky, inside - watchman ; •: J. Stamper,
outside watchman: J.M. Ellis, trustee. .
Eranklin Lodge No. 44— R.; E. ' A: Isenbruck.
M/ W. ; John McMillan, F. ; Abe Levy, > O. ;
Will J. • Beatty, R. ; John P. - Dwyer,* Fin. ; Jo
seph Nordman. Rec; Otto • Klumpp, G.; Simon
Hoffman/. I. W. ; M. G. Shove, O. W. ; Frank
"VVlnlerbimv-T.;;Dr.;J. "Wagner, , M. E. C. 'J3."
Shefter will become , past master. •. .- , . " -\
- Washington Lodse No. . 60— R. : A. - Lewin, id.
W.;. U Zkosky. F.; ; P. A. - Pioda, O. ; R. , A.
Lindsay, R. ; L.- Melnlnger." Fin. ; B. H. Schun
hoil Rec: ; John ; Laur, G. ; Henry Simon," I."
W. ;"• A. . Loh. , - O. W. ; ' J. Laur, : trustee ; - Dr."
M Burns Lodge No. 68— Walter Wllkins.M/ W. ;
G. F. Pohlman, F.; H. C. Moyce, O. ; Gus Pohl
man. R.: Alf. Falrweather, Fin.; Jacob iWlerck,
P.ec. •William Kern.-- G. ; Frank Stohr, I. "W. ;
John "Murphy/ O. W. ; Leonard : Stone,-. Tr. ; Dr.
E ¦ -I*. ¦ Wecnple.'M.. E. Edward 'Baumelster
will' become ; the ' past master Workman.':
. : Prbsperslty- Lodge— F. J. . Klatzel. M. "W. ; T.
F. Murphy.' F, ; Dr. . Ar L^ Simpson. \ O. ; R. , H.
McPherEon, B. ; - O. Yeakle, . Fin. ; John • G.
North, ¦:* Rec. ; J.' - L. ¦ Caulfleld, . ¦ ¦ G. : : E. ¦ -C.
Spinatti, I. . W. ; B. D. Goodrich, • O. W. : James
A. Connelly, . Tr. ; > Drs. . M.' N. Frederick, ¦ J/ I.
Manson, J. C. i Stinson and *. H. X E. Morrison,
medical: examiners. *
The following elections in the -Ancient
Order of United Workmen have been held
during the last week:
Workmen Elect Officers.
FOOTBALL PLAYER WHO HAS
FALLEN FAR BELOW STAND
ARD IN HIS STUDIES.
the deposed President of the brave little
republic until they reached Paris. Mc-
Bride was there met by. his mother and
they returned to New York together. .
- , He will lecture at Metropolitan Temple
and will give a most graphic account of
the operations of the Irish, brigade In its
fight against the British.
GALLANT IRISH CHAMPION OP
THE -BOERS WHO IS TO LEC
TURE HERE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. June 1.— A storm is
raging about the ears of Rev. George E.
Dye, pastor of the Baptist church/ of.
Willows, Glenn County, and the : congre
gation has authorized an official investi
gation of the clergyman's conduct.: A
young widow # is declared to be the. cause
of the trouble. Rev. Mr. .Dye -is a mar
ried i man and his wife and | family- are
highly, respected 'by the people ;of Wil
¦ About six -weeks ago J: P. Klemmer, a
pioneer, hardware- merchant of -.Willows,
dropped dead in his pew ¦ in • the I Baptist
church while listening to - Rev. , Mr. Dye
preach a sermon.. Among those who were
foremost ! in expressing .their eympathy
for the bereaved family 'was the pastor,
and his funeral sermon was a touching
eulogy of .the dead and tribute to- the
worth of the widow. It Is said that the
minister has continued to pour out his
sympathies to the widow ever since the
burial of her husband. The minister's
honeyed words, say the gossips, did not
fall upon ears that were deaf, but went
Into a j heart which, yearned for sym
pathy... ; '
; Young Klemmer's .Expose.
The conduct of the minister soon- at
tracted public . attention and aroused
comment— comment, however, .. that was
made in whispers at first, Now the scan
dal is fairly shouted out from the house
tops. The storm which had been gather
ing about the head of the minister for a
few weeks past broke last Saturday, at
which time there was a -tempestuous
scene at the residence of the widow.
Re^ George" E. Dye was there, having
beer summoned by the eldest son of the
dead merchant, L. J.' Klemmer, a stepson
of Mrs. Klemmer. He had sent them
word that he had something of much in
terest to tell them.
As the story is told at Willows. Mrs.
Klemmer went to San Francisco to wit
ness the demonstrations in honor of
President McKinley. Rev. Mr. Dye was
attracted by the same prospect and'fol
lowed the widow. Shortly after the re
turn of Mrs. Klemmer it was announced j
that a burglar had entered her house and
stolen a number of letters and other
articles of value. The authorities gained
no clue to the thefts, but by a coinci
dence the letters fell into the hands of
the widow's stepson. L. J. Klemmer. The
latter has exhibited the correspondence
to a number of prominent business men
in the town. The letters are addressed
to the widow by her pastor. Rev." Mr.
Dye
One of them begins: "To My Darling."
After asking her to excuse him for having ,
written in pencil, the writer gives the
startling information that . ' we are
watched," and that "my wife knows all.
She has the facts." . ,
In the letter the pastor refers to the
pleasant time they spent together in Oak
land, and saidthat while he was ntanulns
on the platform at the Sixteenth-street
station he co\ild not help but think of
"that bottle" i.> which reposed in ' the
bureau drawer. The letter closed witn re
marks about "orange blossoms" and
"sweetest perfume," and with "much
love from your Romeo."
• At the interview with young Klemmer,
Rev. Mr. Dye told him in an3wer to a
question that the "bottle" which reposed
in the bureau drawer in Oakland con
tained nothing stronger than "pop."
; Story .Told by the Stepson. ; .
Young Klemmer, who has-worked -hard
all his life in his father's hardware store,
was naturally shocked when he learned
of the state of affairs. He was incensed
at what he considered the shame which
had been brought upon the family name.
In his highly disturbed frame of mind he
took the letters which had fallen into his
hands? and' sought the advice. of his
friends. One of the letters was that just
referred to and^ signed "Romeo." The
other was in the handwriting of Mrs.
Klemmer, but was not completed. • . ; '
Young Klemmer gives this version of
the interview which he held at his step
mother's on the occasion referred to:
"When we met I told her that she had
better send her daughter out of the room,
as I only wanted to talk with herself and
the minister. She said that her daughter
was her confidant in all things, and that
she wanted her in ; the room; that she
had nothing to hide from her. I told her
that she would regret having let her re
main after hearing what I had to say. I
then told them \ of what I knew, and
about having . possession of the letters.
The announcement had a decidedly
crushing effect upon the two, and they
begged me to say nothing about the af
fair and not to show the letters.
"Some people have : taken occasion to
say that 1 took the means of holding the
letters over her head to force her into a
settlement of my father's estate. There is
absolutely no truth in that statement. I
made the settlement with her first, paying
In cash her demands as her share of the
estate, and it was not until the next-day
when we had the interview that I spoke
of having the letters."
The officers of the Baptist church have
been making an investigation of the scan
dal nnd have called a meeting of the
church members to discuss the trouble.^
Gossip Links His Name With
That of Pair Widow.
of His Flock.
Willows Baptists Investr
igating Bey. Mr. Dye's
Gonduct.
SCANDAL CLOUDS
PASTOR'S NAME
Nebraskan Refers to the
Chief Executive as an
Emperor.
LIICCOLN. Neb.. June 1.— Taking for his
text The words "Emperor McKlnley"
"VY. J. Bryan to-night gave out an ex
tended statement bearing upon the Su
rireme Court decision in the insular cases.
Bryan frankly admits that the court's
verdict is extremely distasteful to him,
and the language he employs is more
vigorous than is customary even for him.
He boldly declares that the Supreme
Court has Joined hands with the President
end Congress In an effort to change our
form of government and he calls on the
people to repudiate the verdict. He says
in part:
By a vote of five to four the Supreme Court
has declared President McKlnley Emperor of
I'orto Rico, and according to the press dis
patches the Emperor hae gladly and grace
fuily accepted the title conferred upon him
by the highest Judicial tribunal of the land.
Those who were encouraged to' believe that
the constitution has caught up with the flag
•were doomed to disappointment. In the
Downes case, ¦ decided immediately afterward.
«. majority of the court, composed of Justices
Brown, Gray. White, Shiras and McKenna,
held that Congress could deal with Porto Rico,
and the tame logic applies to the Philippines,
•without regard to the limitations of the con
stitution. Chief Justice Fuller and Associate
Justices Barlan, Peckham and Brewer dis
sented In strong and vigorous language, but
the opinion of the majority— even a majority
of one— stands until it Is reversed.
Censures the Supreme Court.
This la one of the most important decisions,
¦ If not the most Important, ever rendered by
: the court- It not only declares that Congress
is frreaier than the constitution which created
( It — the creature greater than the creator — but
'.It denies the necessity for a written constitu
' tion. The position taken by the court ie de
¦ fended, or rather excused, by reasoning which.
*lf followed out. will destroy constitutional lib
icrty In the United States. Every reason given
1 fcy Juetlce Brown could be used with even
'more force to support a decision nullifying
• &11 limitations placed by the constitution ton
¦ Congress when dealing with the citizens of the
¦several States. If the Porto Ricans can^trust
the ¦wisdom and Justice of a congress which
they do not elect and cannot remove, why do
fthe people of the United States need a con
stitution to protect them from a congress
'¦^rhlch they do elect and can remove? The
decision in eSect declares that the people are
not the eource cf power. It defends taxation
¦without representation. It assails the founda
tion of the republic and does so on the
' pround of expediency.
, The dissenting opinions bristle with prece
l r>nts end burn with patriotism. They ought
f< awaken conscientious Republicans to a re
¦elization of the meaning- of Imperialism. This
decision, l'.ke the Dred Scott decision, raises a
political i^sue which must be settled by the
people. The Supreme Court has Joined with
the President and Congress in an attempt to
« hanpe the form of our government, but
•shrre yet remains an appeal to the people.
In order to fully understand these opinions.
It must be known that in ruling that the
tariff rates could not prevail against
3'<->rtr> Rico, the cnurt did not act on the the
ory that the constitution followed the flag dur-
Ing any of these periods under consideration.
This ruling wa« made because, in the opinion
,,«• th«> court, a laxr enacted for the purpose of
levying tariff duties eg-alnst a foreign coun
try oould rot be applied in levying tariff duties
:j:air.st a country that was not "foreign."
Declares Eulings Are Unjust.
_?i otber words, if. immediately after the
ratifi<~atk>n of the pea^e treaty, Consjress hart
rnar-tp<1 a law levying- the Dintrley rates.
npwfatijr a§rair.?t Por*o Rico, those rates j
vrui'V have prevailed. Ir> the court's opinion. !
th= lecra.li.ty of any tariff rate between Porto |
Kif-o and the United States simply iraited I
rnon a formal act of Congress establishing
tnrs* rates as applying to Porto Rico. The
lnfri<* of this opinion, as it applies to the right
• ¦f «Vrncrress to levy tariff customs, would
rr.ak*- It r>ossible for Congress to levy tariff
<Vjtie? r,n article? coming from any Territory
rf th° Vnitcd States.
With rPEpect to our new posspsslone Uip fleci-
Fior. is Ln unfair nne, because i't denies to them
equal trade privileges with other portions of
the l"r'.".eft States whose sovereignty has been
e'pt&Wished over them, and the purpose of the,
»¦" r.stltution in providing for equal trade prlv- i
Slopes was that no section subject to the PnitecJ i
fHsitef? sovereignty ever become the victim j
of This principle is in line with !
the very foundation principles of this Govern- |
rnent which contemplates that all of the peo
ple of the T"rJte<J States should have equal
privilege, should be exempt from discrimina
tions end should enjoy the immunities which
Ilie cor.ftitution makers conceived to be essen
tial to the perpetuity ef free institutions.
After an extended summary of Justice !
reasoning Bryan continues:
TrrougTiovt the majority opinion delivered
bv Justice Brown runs the theory that the
American Congress may do anjihing not for
rudden in the constitution. This is one of the :
rocst repugnant features of this opinion. Jus- I
¦tlce Brown seems to have searched the constl
tutlon for prohibitions ratber than for that!
g-aat of rower wlileh the American people
have aiways conceived to be the true office. of
that instrument.
Bryan concludes as follows:
To v.hat a porous I* Id for inspection this
Tustiee cf the Supreme Court has invited the
.American people. Dude* this opinion we are
about to embark on Great Britain's colonial
r-ol'cy and. to reassure ourselves, to quiet our
conscience, we have tut to look at the history
of Great Britain toward its outlying posses
ftions E'.n<-e the American revolution. An In
miring; spectacle, indeed 1 . We may look at
F-uth Africa, where Great Britain s unre-
FTsiineu possession of power has destroyed two
promisirg republics &r.i has drenched the Foil
Wh blood of patriots: we may look at India,
Those people have been dying by starvation
f.,r vears: at India, wliere on several occasions
i fc« bounty and generosity of the. American peo
i !e have been necessary in order to secure hu
rian' being* living under the eoverelgnty of
Oreat Britain from death by starvation.
Says Supreme Court Is
Trying to Change
Government?
BRYAN SCORES
THE DECISIONS
GALLANT IRISH FIGHTER
WI LL LECTURE ON WAR
Major J. McBride, Who Fought With the Boers, Is to VisitiSari
Francisco at the Invitation ot Knights of trie Red Branch
and Will Lecture on His Experiences in South Africa
was born In County Mayo, Ireland, and
came to New. York < several years ago.
When«the Boer war broke out he was one
of ¦the- first' to -.volunteer his services *to
Kruger and was placed in command of a
brigade composed of .his fellow country
men. He was in a number- of battles and,
with a detail 'of 'men. was personally se
lected to act as the bodyguard of Kruger.
When Kruger left Pretoria McBride. was
still attached to his staff and never left/
FAMILY JEWELS
SOLD FOR DEBT
Former President Ezeta's
Creditors Take His
Property.
Wife of tfie Salvadorean Exile
Will Appeal for Aid to
Her Father.
Senora Ezeta says that. her father has
refused to help her as long as she remains
in California. She will try to obtain the
means to go to San Salvador and raise
money i to send to her husband, who will
remain with the children in Oakland.
The valuation of $3000 placed by the
Ezetas on their jewelry is Indorsed by
th* fact that a local pawnbroker ad
vanced them $625 en it. In order to secure
the valuables Ellis paid the money lender
this sum.
The sale of the jewelry was advertised
for 10 o'clock. The presence ' of several
pawnbrokers In court promised plenty of
bidding en the valuables, which the own
ert estimated to be worth $3000. At - X£
o'clock, when the sale was made, the bid-*)
df»rs;had left, and J. M. Ellis, who held a -
note against the Ezetas. took the Jewels
without opposition in part payment of hia
claim of $1120. Ellis allowed $500 for the
lot. which includes five watches and sev
eral large diamond pins and rings, gold
chains, silver punch bowl and numerous
miscellaneous pieces.
The home place brought $2950. The bank
holding the mortgage will receive $2450 of
this. The remaining $500 Ellis takes to
make another partial payment on his $1120
claim.
Oak^nd Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Eroadway, June 1.
The family jewels of Don Carlos Ezeta,
the exiled ex-President , of San Salvador,
were . sold in court to-day to satisfy the
claims of money lenders, to whom Don
Carlos' and Senora Ezeta's necessities had
driven them. .Their home In East Oak
land,.valued at JuOOO. als> went under the
hammer. It brought less than $3000.
, Senora Ezeta expected the sale to clear
off the family indebtedness and leave a
balance sufficient to meet her expenses to
San Salvador, whither she hopes to go to
join her tfather, who has large property
interests there. • - . . . -
. As it is. the Ezetas are left in want The
files did not even pay the mortgages on
the realty and jewels.
BERKELEY, June 1.— Mrs. Richard. A.
Danter. late proprietress of the Bonbon
niere candy store, has eloped with Byron
Morrow., a motorman recently employed
on the Telegraph-avemie electric line, who '
has been living until within a few days at
4901" Telegraph avenue. Mr. Danter, the
reputed husband of the woman,' has been
conducting, a confectionery store at 304A
O'Farrell street, San Francisco. He was
seen at his place of business to-day and
told the following story: -
"My wife has disappeared with this
man Morrow. I have traced them to Six
teenth-street station, Oakland, where
they took the Owl train last Monday even
ing for Los Angeles. I am glad she's
gone. She has troubled me long enough.
I have known all along about this man.
She met him a year ago in the O K candy
store; .which my wife and I conducted at
that time. They— became very intimate,
and six months agq I got disgusted with"
the whole affair ana separated from her,
telling her she could go and live with
any one she wanted • to. • "We parted and
have had hardly anything to do with each
other, since. She has run away with Mor
row, but I do not intend to pursue them
or make any move In the matter."
Corbini-YW Johnson of 2010 Shattuck
Mrs. Danter Closes Her
Career in Berkeley
by Eloping. *
RUNS AWAY WITH
A MARRIED MAN
LOCAL BREVITIES.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN PICNIC— The
twenty-first annual picnic of the Servian-
Montenegrin Literary and Benevolent Society
will take place to-day at Buena Vista Park.
Sausalito. There are more than $300 worth
of Tombola prizes. The boat will leave at W
o'clock. The committee making the arrange
ments for the picnic consists of M. Stanisich.
K. Sladovich, P. Setenslch, M. | Tasovac and
S. Sargentich.
avenue has lived near the Danters and
has known, the pair for .some time. Ha
said to-night: . ¦
"I met Mr. Danter on the train last
"Wednesday afternoon. He told me his
wife had sold out and gone away with
her motorman. He was making: inquiries
for the destination of the couple at the
tinpe, telling me that the motorman's wife
had telegraphed him to do so. It seems
that Morrow had a -wife and family who
hail recently come from the Bast. Seeing
the situation here she had wanted to re
turn home; but Morrow had no money,
being out of work while convalescing
from a wound received in a recent shoot
ing scrape. Mrs. Danter gave him tha
funds and he sent his family back t3
Omaha. , Now. Morrow and Mrs. Danter
are bound . for Omaha also for reasons
which are intelligible to them alone.
"The Danters have never got along well
together. As a result of their quarrels
the O- K candy store was sold, Mr. Dan
ter opening a similar business in the city
and Mrs. Danter purchasing The Bon
bonniere'. in Berkeley. Mr. Danter hasr
been around to her place of business sev
eral times. On one occasion he met Mor
row there and the two men had an alter
cation, which resulted in blows. A week,
ago last "Wednesday Mrs. .Danter sold her
store and disappeared from Berkeley."
Morrow had . been a motorman on thai
San Pablo electric road for several years,
but on April 21 he was discharged Becausa
of his brutal assault upon Charles Jame
son, conductor of the car. Jameson shot
the motorman In the arm. Morrow was
arrested, and during his detention at thai
City Prison in Oakland Mrs. Danter sent
him a box of candy and sufficient money
for bis ball.
A peculiar circumstance surroundlngr
the sale of the "Bonbonniere" is the fact
that G. A. Eddy, the purchaser, says Mrs,
Danter signed the bill of sale as Margaret
Hopkins, which is supposed to be her
maiden name.
HER SENTENCE LIGHT.— Mrs. Nellie
Davids, wife of the ex-manager of At Neill.
the pugilist, was . yesterday sentenced by
Judge CabanUs to fifteen days In the County
Jail, being five days on each of three charges
of petty larceny. The woman is suffering from
a cancerous growth, which accounted for the
Judge's leniency.
STRIKING WAITERS ARRESTED.— Frank
Hilton. Ben "Widrim. Albert Kimball and Sam
Stallkavich. striklne waiters, were arrested
yesterday by Police Officers P. Sullivan and
W. Coleman and charged with blockading the
sidewalk and refusing to move away when
ordered. The men were acting as pickets In
front of a restaurant and their actions caused
a crowd to congregate.
INTERFERED WITH POLICE OFFICER.-
Charlcs Barr, a bartender, was arrested yes
terday and charged with rescuing a prisoner
from custody. Barr interfered with Officer John
Conlan. ¦ who had a boy under arrest for bi
cycle stealing. In arresting 1 Barr, the police
officer lost the thief he was taking 1 to a call
box. •
Warren Smith, University of California Football Player; Is
to Be Denied Admission This Fall to That Institution.
Blue and Gold's Eleven Will Be Seriously Handicapped
FAMOUS HALFBACK FALLS
BELOW COLLEGE STANDARD
25
THE: SAJST JFRAlSrCISCd -CALL, gUNPA/Tj g,; 1901.
WEAK, gSk JB mam WOk m Cured While
WASTING, |%#l Bl |%| You Sleep,
STRICTURED 1 W 1 In I IN 15 DAYS!
19346-CDRESDDgINe LAST/ YEAR-19, 846
Why tie Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
the Sea— IN FIFTEEN DAYS,
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally' and Directly to the Affected Parts.
— — j— '¦ — We answer* thVqntt-' NO INTERNAl* DRUGGING TO RUIN TBOf
. tlons briefly. . If you cut STOMACH. The St. Jamas treatment Is locaT
fc^3*fl^ an qrtery In your arm direct and positive.
.r^&S-jSSk m_ 1 <licme Ot to k sto n p ei T^. Ths St - Jame " treatment Is pr_T,ar*d In th,
/ flow or wool p tou I°T "I'i^^r-vT^ I S ri L ow ' 8mooth - fl«»i«
&&£m ?H?%?aS"S. s^'{ff t^^' < a__ 1 . ta < s__sa 1 _. n ?s5
V%' 1&*W £_E?-_!^ * tfVtZtnuSS •tr»ngthenlngr th« ducts and FOREVER STOP.
- w^ ¦ -^____r * - _¦¦ ' ¦- r*I*JCOQ 'it - is rlalculoua ptva npiTva i vt_ w-re cit/wto i __; z.-
- Kj|L_sr "-.^ to take Internal treat- wffi? t ?i4_?S,, A f?^? 3II ? SIOJ<S ' and eurla «i
X^L^Cd^. ment. which must pass whlle th * patlent B 1 leepi - 8BHSB_ftB
' — ; : — -- ¦ ' through the stomach \T * |-v f V>_TY/^ 1.7 ¥ ¥_T •'
::-</¦*.¦... , and - ttrtn* before it V J\ W I L_#tJL/_L_ I _ _T
reaches the seat of dls- V rl1 * 1 v v Y" liLi
ease. .The seminal duets project into the ure- Varlcoccle Is an . accumulation of slanrtst-
thral canal through the . Prostate Gland, and blood In the reins of the scrotum, dus solely
are easily reexhed by LOCAL TREATMENT, to Imperfect circulation, and has Its origin la
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvenf- soluble Bougies ¦• diseased and torpid ProsUte Gland. Opera-
will dissolve, direst and forever, remove tlons liv this disease are only temporary, a n( j .
C T D I _^ T I I D F • " * slna-le cas«. Gran-Solvent hell" the pi^tsS
O 1 JXlV 1 UIVLt V 5? d restores healthy Circulation. ¦ Vartcocela
- ; - -;; : ' -. . disappear* and tlw ; sluggish accumulation Is
In 15 days, without pain, injury, err ineonTenl- replaced by pure, healthy red blood
ence. : The bougies are inserted at night • and Thousands of men strlctured. weak, wastiiur
act . while you sleep. "armn-SolventV - remores and despondent were cored and restored by th»
every | symptom - of ' stricture, < leaving: the canal St. James method - last year. A vast army of
as healthy as -when nature formed it. .NO. men In whom the light of life has penetrated
gg^^^^^SStjjSS. d^^^»" <>f mature and
HflMP TDplTffll^l^BLMMLCAHBEDSED'BY THE-M
flUlllC^iKI/Al > BY; ODBSELYES,
Bpace will not permit a H complete description of . the incomparable ' St. James treatment • ia ? '
> ¦¦¦*-. Urethra! Diseases. Every ¦ sufferer from ' Stricture, and the offspring Ffoetatltls and Semi- *
- nal Weakness, should write to the Bt. James Association, 250 c* t , - tB ___ L .
Building, e. Cincinnati/. Ohio,', for their: illustrated • work ; showing the parts C D I? Tp '-
of the human system involved in Urethral Ailments, which ' they send toP II "i Pi r
- male applicants, . securely wrapped in plain package.'- prepaid. - ' ,*T^"
CONSULTATION AND EXAMINATION FRBB.
ST. JAMES ASSN., 250 ST. JAMES BLDG., CINCINNATI, 0,
SPECIALIST .
Heart and Kidney.
Successfully treats and cures all dis-
eases of the genito-urinary organs.
All diseases of the vajjina. uterus
and ovaries. Sterility cured. Valuable
information freely given to married
women. ..'.•.•¦¦.' ¦
All men sufferinsr in any way from
diseases, recent or of lonjr standins?:
inflammations of the bladder, pros-
tate gland or kidney..
All unfortunate conditions of chil-
5 dren and : old people resulting in
|! crinaTy difficulties.
FREES FREE! FREE!
¦ Ail who call upon or address Dr.
Nast before July i will be treated
free untir cured and charged only a
small fee to cover the actual cost of
the medicines used.
Ccnsultation Free To All.
1504 Market St.,
Comer City Hall Square.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Sundays 1 1 a. m. to 2 p. m.emblematic star in appreciation of the
good work -she has done. There were ad
dresses by J; F. Martinoni, A. Hernan, S.-
Glover and Dr. • Craig, after j which ice
cream and cakes were served.
El Dorado. Circle will have a number of
candidates to Initiate on the night of the
13th inst. • . - .
Boadicea Circle is doing well In the ini
tiation line, taking in candidates at every
session.
Olympia Circle will give Its first" enter
tainment In the Folsom Street Temple on
the night of the 29th inst." -The committee
in charge is making arrangements for a
pleasing, entertaining evening. - Mrs.tC. H.
Drews is the chairman of that committee
and those who are to assist her are Miss
Sarah Conley, Miss Marie Jacobson, Mrs..
Bird Bowers, Mrs. Frawley, Mrs. Bam
mann and Mrs. McKewen. . . \
A new circle will be shortly instituted
in Los Angeles ¦with 1 about forty • charter
members. A preliminary meeting . was
held last week and it was decided to apply
fjor a charter.
Cypress Circle of Colma will have five
candidates to initiate on Tuesday , next.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
At the election for officers of .Valley
Lodge there were present 171 of the 800
members and forty- three visitors.'. An
analysis of, the vote is that 103 were in
favor of retaining the financial officers,
sixty-two wanted a change, 1 six : did not
care, as they voted scattering names, and
629 showed 'by their absence -that" they
# were contented with the condition ' of
"affairs in the lodge. „ ¦ , , <
At a meeting ot the corporate directors
and supreme representatives last Thurs
day a number of propositions looking to
the - advancement of the order were i dis
cussed for the benefit of the representa
tives. It was decided that Grand Re
corder Spencer should accompany .the
representatives bo as to appear before the
Supreme Relief Board. . ..'.- * v - -
'In consequence of having been ordered
East Grand Recorder Spencer has been
forced to cancel all dates he had made
with lodges in the southern part of the
State.- '.-¦ . -- , •¦ .
Last night Grand Master Workman
Morrison presented to the lodge at Asuza
a magnificent silk banner, awarded to the
lodge that made the largest net increase
during the past year. The presentation
was followed by : a banquet. The Los
Angeles extension , committee accompa
nied the grand master.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
The invitationalt party, musical and lit
erary", given by Yosemite Tribe of the -Im
proved Order of '.Red -Men,"' last*' Tuesday
night, was a 'most delightful « affair. .' Sa
chem Hall in the Red Men's building, . In
which it was given, was crowded to i Its
limits by a select audience, • the . majority
being ladies. The several numbers were
contributed by Professor Barnett, J..Har
ris, Emll Lastbreto, Cathay. Mullin, Miss
Johnson, 'Miss Loi Underwood, Miss
Wheeler, Miss Schoneman, M. ¦ Brown, Mr.
Francis, Master Lalish . and Professor
CUne.- ¦.'.'' ¦,..¦• . ,¦:¦-¦.-." ;>*¦.¦ ', y
. Montezuma 1 Tribe will celebrate the sev
enth anniversary- of - Its ; institution in
Union-square Hall on the night of the 26th
inst.,^ when., the "/members. >iand; their
friends will.be treated to an excellent vau
deville entertainment, - in ' which > i Oscar
Franks,' Frank J." Thompson, Miss Claire
F. Madden, Jack Cat heart, George Ryan,
Clarence ,Wendell t • Perrin ' and : Delsler, , the
Dr. W.' F. McLaughlin, J. L. Haskell,
Henry Kenitzer, Miss ¦ Minnie Weiss,
Capt. E., Walker, C. L. Angell, Geo. F.
Lamson, Victor Aaron, ' Miss Anita /G.
Martin, Leo P.- Nolan, iMlss G., Nolan,
Miss K. Nolan, John Struven,- wife '¦' and
son, Hugo C. Bachrodt and wife, Miss
Amelia M. Bachrodt, Geo. Elliott Hunt,
wife and child. Wm. P. Glynn and ; wife,
Walter- Cox, W. D. Squire; Mrs. B.
Heine, G. O. Heine, wife and child; Miss
Elma Russell, John Sroufe, Mrs. John
F.. Merrill, \ Miss Ruth ,F. Merrill. Miss
Board, D. R. Seawell. J. . , J._ Collins,
A. F. Medine, F. L. Pritchard, wife and
three children. Miss Mary Bagley, Eu
gene L. Dutertre. and wife, - Mrs. L. Du
tertre, D. Hirschfeld and wife, J. E.
Byrne and wife. H. . Oppenheimer and
wife, R. C. O'Connor, Eugene McCoy and
wife, J. Schlosser, Mrs. Chas. Higgins,
W. J. Mitchell and wife, James : Hansen,
J. J. Loggie, Miss Edna A. Loggie, ' Miss
Vida Loggle, W. Clayton, wife and child,
Ma"urice Salomon, Fred C. Peters. 'Oak
land—S. B., Wood, W. A. Mitchell, wife
and son. . Santa Rosa— Vernon Goodwin,,
E. L. Finley, N: G. Peterson, F. A. Bad
datz, W. W. Skaggs, Major L. W.'Juil-
Hard, M. L. McDonald Jr. and wife, Miss
Edith McDonald, Miss Lillian Kinsel.
Tahiti— D. • Atwater. . Honolulu— Chas. A.
Gault. Washington, D. C— A. H. Sylves
ter and wife. San Jose— Mrs. E. E. Gum
mer. Sebastopol— Mrs. H. Schirmer,
George P. Baxter, wife, two children and
nurse. Healdsburg— Ed. A. Mason, Geo.
C. Mason, Mrs. Chas..D. .Carter, Miss
Isabel Carter, L. C. -Koberg and- wife, E.
Seegen, M. Peters and wife, Chas. Hilde
brand and wife, Edgar M. Faulk, L. W.
Doane and wife, E. S. Rowland and wife:
Chicago — Mr?. George Morris and daugh
ter. Marshall, Mo.— M. F/ Ming. Petalu
ma—Capt. F. Kahule. Haywards— C. E.
de Merritt. Berkeley— Dr. J. ¦ Schurr.
Schwartz.' Forestville— Dr. J. Schurr.
Geyserville— Alex Skaggs. Miss Kate
Anderson. • Valle jo— James Topley and
wife. Blocksburg— F.- Helmke and wife.
Dry Creek— Miss Neva Board. '. '.-:
CAMP MEEKER— The following guests
registered at Camp Meeker last week:
From San Francisco— Mrs. Emile Bauer.
Miss Jennie White, Miss M. Gibb. Mrs.
L. Chase, Mrs. M. E. Shepman. Miss Mai
vlna Packscher, A. W. Dunn and wif<\
Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Wattson, Miss Evelyn
O'Connor, Dr. . and Mrs. A. H. Morics,
George T. Johnson, T. A. Lawson, Mr.
and Mrs. F. L. Wooster and family, O. C.
Zinns, Mrs. J. H. Boardman, Miss Esteilo
Boardman. Miss Alice , W. Boardman,
Mrs. T. Allen and daughter, E. Felton.
Mrs. S. Hult.J. A. Hult, Mrs. Mary Sad
ler, Mrs. H. E. Robinson, Mrs. M. E. Sar
gant. From Alameda— J. F. Hardin. Mrs.
J. H. Crow, Harold Crow, Mr. and Mrs.
T. H. Hahn, George D. Chamberlin, Miss
L. Chamberlin, Miss Elenor M. Larkln,
Mrs. E. B. Dunning, Mrs. S. J. Loop.
From San Rafael— Mrs. G. Bunn,' R., M.
Jones, Mrs. F. L. Gilbert. Mrs. W. N. An
derson. From Santa Rosa— Miss Maggie
Purrington, Mrs. L. Sinclair, Ber- 1
nard Sinclair. From Sebastopol— Rev.
William E. Eckles. W. Maddocks,
Mrs. E. M. Surryhne, Mrs. L.
B. Gregson and daughter. From Minne
sota—Mr, and Mrs. H. P. Allen, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Sottong, Mrs. J. C. Mason. Miss
E. J. Mason, Miss Dessie Simpson, Miss
Emil Graefenecker. Miss Graefenecker,
H. J. Lansing and family, Mr. and Mrs.
William Rigby Jr. and family. Mrs. A. E.
Gleason, Mr. and Mrs. I. O. Crosscup,
Miss E. M. Burns. Mrs. I. L. Cox, Mrs.
M. V. Le Long; Mrs. E. Corbett. F...W.
Corbett, Mrs. J. :Steinberger and family,
Mr. and Mrs. Gunzendbrf er and family,
J. M. Jones. From Oakland— Miss Kate
Halsey, Mr. 'and Mrs. E. M.Long arid
family, J. S. MacDowell, Mrs. M. J. Mac-
Do well. Miss Sadie MacDowell, Mr. .and
Mrs. E. S. Lemard and family, Mrs. P. J:
Tallman.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Major Charles
Christensen of San Rafael, -accompanied
bv Mrs. Christensen and daughter, is
spending a few • weeks at Highland
Springs. Mr. Christensen and W. B. Brad
ford are becoming quite enthusiastic over
golf and ten pins, .
The. highest scores in ten pins made
during : the past week were 255, by H.
Windmuller of one of the Oakland clubs,'
and 242 by A. M. Jordan. 1 • . •¦.. I
Thomas Ashworth, for so many years I
Street Superintendent of : San Francisco,!
accompanied by Mrs., Ashworth;. is up for
a long stay. •
.Mr. ar.d Mrs. George S..Ames oft-Ta
coma. Wash., are at the springs' for a
few weeks' visit. " ; ¦ ¦--•.:
Mrs. Kate J. Willetts, grand secretary;
of the Eastern Star, <, arrived Saturday
with thirty-two members of the order and
remained three days, "taking a trip to
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell and Saratoga
Springe. Later they went to Lakeport.
where they took the City of Lakeport and
some naphtha launches for a cruise about
Clear Lake.
Dr. and Mrs. R. L. Rigdon, Mrs. B. H.
Plummer and Dr. M. W. Plummer of San
Francisco are up from the city for a. few
weeks. „*.
E. Schmidt, accompanied by \ Mrs.
Schmidt, is up again for the summer.
Mrs. John L. Howard, two children and
nurse are here from Oakland for a sev
eral weeks' stay. ¦ i. ¦ . '
Dr. L, Pawlicki is here for a short stay.
A. B. McCreery is making £ short stay
Mrs. J. Thomsen and Miss Hulda J.
Thomsen of Alameda have engaged rooms
for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Buckingham and
Mrs. E. A. Buckingham of San . Francisco
are here -to-day, on their way to their
beautiful ranch on the shores of Clear.
Lake. i > "
•^_p UMMER Js here. At all the re
/P . ~, there are merry parties
lvA^\ who are enjoying the gayeties
o ( tKe places, reveling in the
s^Z~~~y beauties of nature and luxurl-
c * ating in the many advantages
the country affords. The dawn
of the first June day was the signal for
many to leave' town and\betake them
selves to the joys of the country. The
closing of the schools next ' week will
strike the final note cf .departure and
from then on till after the celebration of
the national holiday the city will be prac
tically deserted.
Personals.
Mrs. Arthur Gwynn of 1924 Pine street
has gone to Blue Lakes.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Getz will leave
next Tuesday for the north. They will
visit the Yellowstone Park and Salt Lake
City on their way home.
Mrs. William J. O'Brien and daughter,
Miss Lola, are at Glenwood, Santa Cruz
Mountains. : •: .. ¦ ./ ¦ •
Miss Tessie Fitzgerald has left this city
¦with her family to make Los Angeles her
future home. :
Miss Barrir.ger of Philadelphia, who has
been visiting-' her aunt, Mrs. Wethered,
left on Thursday for an extended sojourn
in Europe. . .
: At the Resorts.
GLENBROOK— Recent arrivals at Glen
brook include: From Oakland— F, Fred
ericks, Colonel K. Evcrson; Lakeport—
John P. Moore Jr., H. W. Brewer. M. O.
Farrier. F. R. Farrier. Bob Hammock. \\ .
T. Whitton, J. F. Moore and wife. Miss
Allcne Vest; Iowa— W. D. Moore and wife.
C. Dittemore and wife; Valle jo— James
White, F» W. Watson; Middletown— J. J.
Hughes Jr.. C. H. Woodson, Mrs. J. -C.
Voluntine; St. Helena— William Black
man. F. E. Robinson/Chester E. Robin
son; Rutherford— George Fames, Chas.
Faxmes. Antone Jesse, Harry Wyatt; San
Francisco— W. E. Staley, N. Gregory, K.
M. Ham, Charles J. Durbrow and wife
Carl Anderson. J. A. Laurie, H. A.
Weinburg; Boston, Mass.— C. G. Lea,
Preston Morris; New York— E. Steinway,
Mrs. Alfred Johnson; Kelseyville— n\
Kirkpatrick. D. W. Cook. W. H. Brown.
J. H. Brown, R. Hasting; Alameda—
Charles Abot; Healdsburg— W. C. Harian,
Ira Davis; San Rafael— R. E. Graham,
F. J. Fallow.
HOTEL GENEVA — The following
guests registered at the Hotel Geneva
ouring the week ending May 31: F. Meyer
ot Guatemala; Mr. and Mrs. S. Meyer, D.
J. Corwin, F. Vuray, William Cellavinas,
G. Eelo, the Misses Vicroy, San Francisco;
M. M. Stevens, San Jose; J. W. Reid, Mrs.
J. W. Reid. H. W. Walker, Stanley Ho
ran, Mrs. A. McKenzie, Mr. and Mrs. J.
R. Folsom, Mrs. L. Prayer, Mrs. O. C.
Hamlet, Miss Louise Hamlet. L.
C. Pistolesi. Hattie Gabriel, San
Francisco; H. C. Whitworth, U. S. N.;
- Donald Graham. Mill Valley; G. Ginkins.
San Jose; Mrs. Watkins, Mrs. W. P.
Treat, Mrs. F. A. Robbins, Mrs. C. J.
Foster, Mrs. B. J. Battams, Sausalito;
Miss Shearman, Salt Lake City: Mrs. W.
J. Dyer, San Rafael; Mr. and Mrs. Devall,
Oakland.
Mrs. I. J. Morey.of E26 Sutter street re
cently gave one of her evenings "at home"
in honor of Dr. and Mrs. C. E. Freeman of
St. Louis, Mo. l^ie guests were pleasantly
entertained with selections of vocal and
Instrumental music, rendered by Madame
Ellen C. Roeckel and Miss Ellen Roeckel.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Ehelme, Mr. and Mrs. Burton, H. L. Mur
ray, Mrs. I. J. Morey, Madame Roeckel
and Miss Ellen Roeckel. Dainty refresh
ments were served during the evening.
A pleasant birthday party was given re
cently to Miss Emily Wegener at her
residence, 1019 Lombard street. Those
present were: Misses Emily Wegener,
Kate Gudstadt. Mamie Kaelntz, Mar
guerite Boyle, Gertrude McMahon, Cora
Smith. Anita E. Boyle. Grace Wegener.
Fiorence Smith. Stella Kaeintz, Florence
Lynch, Stella Smith. Mrs, Lynch, Mrs.
Wtgener. Morris Wolfson. Louis Erb,
Charles Kaelntz. Cameron Fra'ser, Louis
Kaxjintz. William | Knight, Mr. Hobarte,
Mr. Riley. .. :
The directors of the Tuolumne Reunion
Association have decided to hold their
emiual reunion at Golden Gate Park on
Monday. June 17.
Miss Agnes T. Cairns has returned to
her home In Spreckels, after a two
months' visit with her sisters, Mrs. E. A.
Janssen and Mrs. C. F. Adams.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The
SOCIETY'S OUTING
following guests registered".* at Cali
fornia Hot Springs during - the . past
week: From San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs.
F. ' H. Abbott, F. H. . Abbott Jr., E. Y.
Abbott. Mrs. J. -Warner, Miss Saalsburg,
D. R. McNeill, A. J. McDonald, H. W.
Brown, J. F. Billington, A: Sylvester,
Mrs. Cohen, Miss R. Cohen, Mr. and Mrs.
E. G. Osborne, R. S. Kanne, Mrs. Frances
Dassonville, Captain ' and _ Mrs. -Louis
Meyers, L. B. Mayrs.A. Kenng; Mr. and
Mrs. Reyn*ch and family, H.C. Whiting,
F. K. Zook, R. X. Ryan, ' F. L. Crane,
Samuel Lewis, William Provine. From
Alameda. Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Manieott,
George E. Middlemas, Mr. and Mrs. F.
H. Finke and family. From Oakland,
George H. Wheaton, F. L. Payne. From
Los Angeles, Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Murphy. ,
From Santa Rosa, J. R. . Edwards, Mrs.
S. A. Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Den
man. • • - ¦* ••
YOSEMITE— Recent arrivals at Camp
Cuiry, Yosemite: George C B. Anderson,
Miss Frances C. Sayles, Miss Edith Stadt
feldt, E. J. and A. F. Wieland, O. V. Pis
toles!, J. F. Forbes. E. A. Bleuet, John |
Meyer, Mrs. M. Gerard, all of San Fran- j
cieco ; Mrs. M. M. Garoutte, San Francis- j
co; Mrs. F. J. Ankins, Cripple Creek, j
Colo, Mrs. M. J. Silve'rparre, Chicago; I
Miss Ella M. Thomson, Denver; Mrs. Pat- j
rick Anderson, Miss Jean Anderson, Dun- j
dee, Scotland; Dr. and Mrs. I. E. Nichol
son, Oakland; Rev. C. L. Mprehart,
Washington, D. C; Mr. and Mrs. F. A.
Wieland, Mr. arid Mrs. Dan Mason, Sac
ramento; Mrs. -w. J. Davis, MiS3 E.- P.
Gronard, Miss C. C. Coleman, Misses H.
and A. E. Brewer, San Mateo; Miss M.'
Healon, Groveland; Mrs. F. Brown, Siock
ton; D. L. Noygle, Oakland; Emln E.
Osgcod. New York; W. E. Putnam, Beach
City, Ohio; Dr. Albert Baker, Boston,
Mass-; Mrs. Ruth Baker, Boston, Mass.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The foi'owin.-.
is a list of the arrivals at Saratoga
Springs during the past week: John
Reams, San Francisco; H. Wicking, wife
and children. Miss Wicking, Oakland;
Mrs. Paulsmire and *child, Alameda; H.
Buck, Louis Whittorf, E. Ladd, San
Francisco; W. E. King, San Jose: Miss
Rose Hall. Stockton; Miss Faine Sawyas,
Eureka.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Registered at
Gilroy Hot Springs during- the past week
were: From San Francisco— Alexander
Young, Mr. and Mrs. P. Mibach. H. Wil
son, Jikl G. Bert, Max Cohen, Axel Smith.
George Carlisle, William Holland, Frank
Maskey, J. Mibach, Mrs. H. Rodriguez,
Miss Rodriguez, Willliam E. Benedict arid
wife. Master Robbie Benedict. Mrs. J. F.
Minor and daughter, Sam S. Green, Mrs.
William Holland. Ernest Schmelss, H. B.
Calisher, Mr. and Mrs. J. Flood, Masters
Henry and Robert Flood, D. Hoiliugs,
Mrs. Asa R., Wells. P. F. Nolan, Mr. and
Mrs. Lathrop, Miss M. McDermott. Mr.
and Mrs. Touhey, Mr. and Mrs. James
Shea; from Menlo Park— Mr. and Mrs.
McBaln; from Redwood City— C. F. Loi
ton; from Pleasanton— D. P. Williams:
f rbm Los Gatos— Mr. and Mrs. Colonel
Consur; from Gilroy — Joseph Jacobs,
James E. Kannely, S. O. Babb, A. Eustis,
John Dowdy, S. M. Kilpatrick, Ed Laird,
O. T. Moore. James Princevalle. Mre. \\\
C. Bennett and child, Dr. J. Clark, George
T. Dunlap. Mrs. Robert Dunlap, M.
Casey, William Phelps, H. Heckei, W.
Bennett: from San Jose — Mrs. M. E.
Frost, Mrs. W. T. House, William Obtei
man and wife, Miss Royce, L. J. Chip
man; from Canada— L. R. Mayock,
George Dowdy, Miss I. Martjn, Miss F.
Kiekham; from Watsonville — Charles
Cazeau, Jacob Kuppus, James Mai tin;
from Sebastopol— Mrs. W. Warren. Miss
Mae Thomson, J. P. Simpson; from Stan
ford University — Miss A. M. Cole, Prufes
sor G. M. Richardson: from Live Oak
Ranch— Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Towler;
from Sutter Creek— Mrs. C. Christen^n;
from Sargents— H. H. Archer.
PARAISO — The following registered at
Paraiso during the past week: John C.
Quinn. George E. Ransom, John Heing
way, H. R. Earle and wife, Thomas Mc-
Mahon, San Francisco; J. F. Steffan, Vir
ginia City. Nev.; T.. J. Field, Monterey;
A. McClusker, Los Angeles; Mrs. A. M.
Easton and maid, San Mateo; Mrs. E. A.
Vishcr. Stockton; Mrs. C. J; Flood and
maid. Redwood.
THE GEYSERS — Recent arrivals at the
Geysers include: A. S. Cushing, B. J.
Chapman, W. H. Fields, F. E. Browning.
W. J. Lanklee. Alameda: W." J. Hlgbie,
F. A. Draper, N. Y. Orr, Cloverdale; Wil
liam Lamphey and family, C. H. Wood
son, Middletown; A. G. Gassen. San Di
ego; Miss Josie Simpson, Etta Giffln,
Katheryn Stites, Frazlere Ranch; H. God
pry, B. G. Gregory. Newport; J. T. Par
sons, William Martin, Miss Lillian Kinsel,
Mrs. M. S. McDonald Jr.. Miss Edith Mc-
Donald, M. L. McDonald Jr., L. W. Jine
lard. Santa Rosa: Mrs. George T. Morris,
T. W. Camrain, Chicago; Mrs. George
Johnson, George Johnson, A. M. Jordan,
! Highland Springs: T. A. Alderman and
: wife, Santa Clara; W. F. Jenks, Boston;
i W. F. Harris, Boalts Ranch; E. I. Chap
i man, Alameda: Miss S. F. Detels, H. P.
' Detels, Miss A. Green, Wilbur Knapp,
¦ Miss Dunton. San Fra/icisco; R. Carey,
j Mrs. C. Zirgrnhin, Miss F. Zirgrnhin, C.
G. Samson, P. S. Presdott and wife, Oak-
I land; De E. Collins. E. J. Collins, V. C.
i Collins. I. I. Collins, B. E. Collins, H.
! Stemberg, D. J. Campbell. F. S. Chad
burn, Helen Raymond, Edna Healy, H.
H. Dempry, George R. Kibbe, M. E.
Kibbe. M. D., C. J. Droofrow and wife.
Mrs. G. Hallett, Miss May F. Hallett, A.
G. Fisk. M. Robertson. P. A. Love,»O. B.
Togle. San Francisco. ' ,
The following guests are registered at
Skagg's Hot Springs: San Francisco—
The' Druids.
On the night* of the 24th of May the Past
Arches' Association paid a fraternal visit
to Volta Grove. Twenty-five members of
the association entered the hall in a body
.and were received with Druldlc honors.
During the evening the grove elected six
candidates and received lour applications.
Addresses were made by James F. Mar
tinoni, president of the association; Grand
Secretary John M. Graves, Dr. Bowers
and C. C. O'Donnell. The regular meeting
of the association, held last Sunday, was
attended by a large number of the mem
bers. Three ellglbles were elected to mem
bership and they will be Initiated at the
next meeting. .New badges, to be worn at
all meetings, on all visits and on. the oc
casion of any Druidic function in which
the members will take part, were distrib
uted to the members. It was decided to
hold a special meeting on the night of the
12th of June to admit ellglbles who are to
be delegated to the Grand Grove. The as
sociation will pay a*, visit to Templar
Grove oh the 17th of June.
The conferring of the second degree in
the amplified form on five entitled to re
ceive the same by the crackerjack team of
Galileo Grove was witnessed by a very
large number | of members of the order
from the groves of this city and those In
Or.kland. The work was done in that per
fection of form for which this team ¦ is
noted. During the evening the grove elect
ed two strangers to receive the first de
gree and received 'two- applications.
Hesperian Grove during the term, recent
ly closed made an Increase of twelve mem
bers The young members recently ad
mitted are getting up a team to confer
the second degree in the amplified form.
At the last held meeting of "Aurora
Grove there were presented the applica
tions of eight individuals who want to be
come Druids.
Haywards Grove at its meeting on the
6th of June will have a number of candi
dates to initiate. The grand officers and
the membership of the groves in Pleasan-
Centerville and Oakland have been
invited to be present. A banquet wiirbe
served at the close of the meeting. '
Magnolia Grove of Los Angeles at Its
last held meeting Initiated two strangers
and received three applications.
The Druidesses.
The public Installation of the officers of
Golden Gate Circle of . the Druldesses was
witnessed by a large number of friends of
the members in Druids' Hall. The install
ing officer was John Hutton, D. D.. assist
ed by Mrs. Virginia Cervalli, P. A. D., as
grand conductress.' El 'Dorado Circle, of
which Mrs. Kate Martlnoni is the arcn
druldess, attended in a body. ; The district
j deputy on. behalf of the circle presented to
Mrs. Cervalli a beautiful seven-pointed
THE" Sl:N'';^^ClSCO^0Al^^
of the ; Fraternal Order V of < Eagles last
week.- Among the " number were Past
Orand_ President Thompson, Grand "Wor
thy President Del Cary Smith, Grand Sec
retary E: A. ?Partridge, Grand Trustee
Senator^Trainor of New York. Grand Or
ganizer • A. VWhlte, Byron Hall . editor of
the Fraternal Eagle; Mayor Fitzgerald of
Fawtucket, J.' - Donahue - of ' Minneapolis ;
Tuesday ¦ evening next, : which the commit
tee In charge promises will be the equal
of i any of - the many previously given • by
this « organization, c ¦ . . v .' ¦¦:,¦?<*$£*¦£.
- Fraternity Eagles.
;, There was a large attendance of,visit
ors. at the meeting of Golden Gate Aerie
Bohemian Banjo Quintet, the Corinthian
Quartet and Maurice Cramer will take
part.- ¦ ¦ >•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦»•- ¦-»..¦ ¦¦¦'•¦,¦.¦ ¦¦-¦ .ii .;¦•••..¦-•
Garfleld Corps.
James A. ; Garfield ' Corps ' No. 21, : Wom
an's Relief Corps,, will give a social In the
social ' hall of : : the Alcazar building - on
Senator Managhan of Pennsylvania. J. J.
Sheehan of Boston and E. C. ' Crockett of
Oklahoma. Three strangers were fitted
with Fraternal Eagle wings and eight ap
plications were received. This aerie now
has a membership of 175 and thirty- four
applicants ' for admission. - Under good of '
the order, there were songs, addresses an4
recitatlona . -i
26
Dr. & Mrs, TRAVERSE,
i«:rmatologists. ; 1.7-^1%
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with. the electric needle 'wlth-
j out pain or scar. Wrinkles removed with the
t electric roller. ' Skin '. diseases cured. Free de-
j munstratlon of ability to make h^ir grow on
I baM heads. Hours 1 to 4 p.m. - Evenings by'
appointment. Donohoe^bldg.; 1170 Market et
:or. Taylor, rooms 28-23, 8.. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c. All
drunrlsts. Ltrre stock always at J. 8. Potts'
I Drug: Co. 74: v: -
Wmnl^RMMj^^fS^^fa^Bt^Bp^^^mmmmjm^^^SmWmmmmmwBM * BMM MM mm bBmH mmm mm ' mmmT Esff T^tfffmHwK9m\ MM VS ffnm MSl? S^*' I
WPBaTTr^^KWffMB^aML^^BI^l^^KnB^ri^^M^^^^^^M L ' M§mmmmmmmwr\^*.mm iL% *iU mm MK mm ' KM H^Hin^Bwl * mWs mmVWOG&t'm t^M aMH Hr^TiJr»Tff^iff? i Bffiir '^^^fJFi '< l
¦HMfflpBflDBMnHHH^^MHKII^HnK^B • mmm mmr -\' mm} ¦¦ t r ¦ .-r B . • mmmmX^mmm mV WBBm fli Emm k9^b3S9HQH wwm\ BJm mm**m~*FM t-xa Tm^a n^frj_ va t^MVS W l -iG^*VjWivi I
PaTlBWga^BfiWaMHMlKl— KaWWPBillwi^M^g . : ; mmmWmmmw £v Mm 9f ¦mmW Ja m %W mmS&mMmmw Ht U39 9 ¦ EM •' ffiSBBBSB . Mm • MSI' BTf tna ««" WggiJa^sraJHi xx.^i^^ V . I
SBBSXSmS^m^SSSLm^SSmmammBmmmwSSSEB^mmmmmmmMmu «V t\W Ay Wm 9tBffBwfwU mm mv^X mM SL\ WmmmmjmMmmmO mwm\ trm\ Cr A~l S3 wt* k3t -^^S^^^^nCS^Rft^Bv^SCK ( IS
fUttU&BBJSmm^ jak - ' * IJE^F mi vflv JV mmmw' ¦ mk mSM m* W - ' * m mmmmr/'' A ¦WMM, ' • ' Ww M* ?j^^fm^J(T^yf cl
iJ LMf itt S^w - mM MB Sk M^/OSmummmmM JwBa' ¦¦ i^S3BlSjmI i ' m^mw Wm bBm JU mlfniSm^W!Zw\9T^^^^^V^St^\YT^WMi JP M^pMtt/T j rs
Mflt.* 9P* (rljMHvSBwl ' '¦SV Iff 4mmmWTmmTmTVwmTlrmmmmm^^P^MPSmm^ i^J^r^ffHrarWWraBT»^i^iyff8Br»at^^^il^fu^^^^\ I
Xo W^OlflCn WhO Work Frpiih^oinenvCiitcd.by.ittrs. Pinkham. I
JliVGry pQxlIiy OI HCr SlGIlClOIr xxlCOXJiO . IS jj.66Q.6C1 I Or XxlO &$ It is hotv si^c vca.TS sinco X side I Ew
*r She taxes her endurance,, therefore, to the last limit be- ag^ggpfr^ *?tt™7ovl£*J?l™i
° Te 8h™%o7s her place will be filled b 7 : some one else. ' IpS^lie JUNcJ^]} JTma^; New Salem, Mich.
She has no money; laid up. Her wages have been in- "DeabMbs. itoAM ; -it affords me a greataeaiofpieasnretoex.
SUmCient IOr ner pressing needs, and She, has Spent money. press my praise of your valuable Vegetable Compound- Words caxsnot
On doctors, trying to keep at work and hold her place. . tell what your, medicine did for mo. It saved my life, I was so weak
t But it's no Use-She has reached the limit. In her fight and nervous, would have very bad hemorrhages. I did not do anything
with female troubles she has come off second best,*as 255ffi£$3^^
myriads Of women have before her. . . which I refused to have. I tried all kinds of medicine, but theVdidme
What will happen, now that she has lost her place and no g°°d. A friend recommended Lydla E. Pinkbam's Vegetable Com- 2
has" broken down in health ? , P?" ni ;.J- ««* lt Sanative Wash, and am now enjoying the best I
- . These heart-stirring stories are being lived all aroun* ffi&ii^ ' w^LrStTSidSS^ *»*.''***''*-. 1
us in large cities, aud every one of them might have been - . * si
astoryof health and energy, if the voung woman had but r __ ' -~^ ' "jjjuji iiiu iv.^^1. — t i.,., i—. . \a u t.* a n
written to Mrs. Pinkham wnen she, first felt ill. She would rSfcTl ~ ith ?™ SSS/fwSSd I
have been told JUSt how to make herself well and Strong, as jflBMmgBk write and thank you. My system was entirely run 3
many Other women have, and this a,dvice WOUld have COSt *» irin TBK down; I suffered with terrible backache in the small M
her nothing. ¦ ¦ ' • of my back and could hardly stand upright ; was |
And it is'not alone in factories and business places that fc> W ?Sd^ap^titS. m^ c ?ILk^LydTa t^&^iS-V I
women are forced to give up on account of ill health. It is* ' . -'• -Ik Vegetable Compound I have gained fifteen pounds, 9
quite as often the woman who does her own work 'at home. Jh^hl * nd am ff ahlin ff eTe *y My appetite has im- g
This means, generally, doing the work for a household of mfimmfc E ro i v ¥1 ?° backa ? h^ and I look better than i |
kav*»t« nr ' - - I wWlilVi'T f 1 1 MI'S . looJcea oeiore. I snail recommend it to all my \M :
m. i g i -u i* A ., j . ¦;,.; , '. , .-':¦ , ¦ ImrscftiortoniI frienda ' m i- certainly is a wonderful medicine.'— SW
- She also compels herself to attend to the daily round of L!^=====2=U Mbs. E. F. Mobtos, 826 York St., Cincinnati, o. |^
duties when she ought; to be in bed,; and does not; know , — — : — — . ' 1
where to look for that reliable help that .will put her On her " Diab Mas. Phtkham :— I had been in poor health for twenty years, B
feet and Stop those awful aches and pains. v . < having inflammation of ovaries and womb, trouble. Although treated w
The sure help for all ailing women; who work at home m^wo^and'wS^io^ do I
or elsewhere,' is tydia E. Pinkham4 Vegetable Com-. £?££^dia Mnk^ 1
poiind. \ Women who have Used it testify to this With One strengthened me and 1 wrote you. After taking six bottles, can say that i
voice. N -• . -¦¦¦..¦..¦.; ,: r. t » ' lam well and can even do my washing. ' .-I cheerfully recommend your ffl
?'ou, you may be certani that there is some growing trouble W^^Wm* others to avail themselves of the benefit of your vai- §j
astening itself Upon you. Do not let disease make head- ™ - "able remedy. Before taking Lydia B. Plnkham's a
way. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn. Mass., for her free IfifflE^ W • F£* b l & Compound i felt very bad, had terrible |
, advice, anabe^aton^^useof' , ; • ; ; W^# M^££K?t^7 i^£Z%??& I
_ , mm mmm - mmm, m m - m "~ ¦¦¦m^m ,¦ 3§m* J\ vous, and so weak I could scarcely stand. I was not H
f Vffff5l m* mWmmmm Mmrmumm am-m W^tk W^mm^mAr^ able to do anything, had sharp pains all through my ||
m\mjf%MM€M Mmm ¦ W^mMMmWSl€MMMM V ilJPTOTl bod y-. Before 1 had taken- half a bottle of your g
• . _ m " ¦ ¦ ., ' _ -^^ medicine, I found myself improving 1 . I continued its M
' mmfmTm mTmmTWmYmTm Bm) Mmfm\ . /^jlimn JLlUjjf ¦ I^Pf I f V'l W use until I had taken four bottles and felt so well that Fg
W VmjUmmwKmmMMmmSf UmRSWP. VALENTINE:. I did not need any more. I am like a new person."— H
:"¦•-.¦¦'¦ ¦ :¦-";¦: ¦¦ : '- % -; v : r ¦./¦¦:.:" ' ;.-y '*~//;:v,T V-, .;¦>-;.:••¦«;>;:;,¦••,.¦•,¦¦.¦'"•-.- V , ,.'. ."— ? » W: P. : VALKim5Bj 566 Ferry Ave.-, Camden, N. J. D ,
S-W^* mm^^^mi Am^^^ d^^^mwL Ed IT \i\t i\ 13 *v *° the fact that gome skeptical people have from time to time questioned S
m 0m^-- m- Mm- ' •¦ ' - ¦¦ ¦¦ VV/^i II \mW deDO^ed'w^ 8 °* th9< t€fitimoilial ie"era^ e a™ constantly publishing, we have 3
ADVEKTISE3CENTS.
1 1 I Portieres.
j i Besides this style
we have a beau-
|J ful variety of por- 1
| 3 tieres atatl prices.
1 I j From our elegant
i j stock of curtains,
I* draperies, carpets
! 'and furniture we can
¦ ) furnish your entire
u home. Let us tell you
what it will cost. Free
j delivery within ioo
miles.
T, BRILLIANT
CO.,
338-242 Post Street,
. Opposite Union Sauare.
Suits f of
Onttag,
/\wl For the Mountains.
A^^LJjff/v^. For the Seashore.
For Traveling.
'-V \ F for Golfing.
I \\ 7 For Boating. .
4 \\m suits for ANr use
• // ' vl EVERY USE
¦ " y /f ;' . V\ Made to Order
/ / / J H lfc\ Now at
=;¦ $24.5O
' 8. IO, 12 Kearny street.
l^V/*r Medicated
jfn^K Complexion
j& y\ Powder
gSt&^^Q Actifiiei know what U belt for
"Hf V9 lbe coraplrxion. Be»otjr nioni
&\ At •oreeii. There ii tcarcely an
3p tUMt »ctr«»i that <lo«i not andon*
VH» . Vcnonl'i. It's a (kin food. It
ugn -. - protect*. . preserrea, preventa
)yf- c \ «biny akin, mnorca blemiabea.
QT) si Abiolately pure.
) i^&TO ' Elim P 1 ' t u< book tree. Bos 60c.
dpfr^J . J. A. FoMonl Co.
i-'HHS St. LouU or Sew York.
ADVERTISEMENTS*: ;Yosemite Council of the Nationa.1 Union
has chosen F.'J.Rumpf as Us delcgato
to the assembly. ' *•
The delegates who will represent the in
terests of Golden Gate Council in the as
sembly are: D. E. Besecker. J. W.: Car
many , W." • W. ' Healey ¦ - and Norman - R.
"Arter. ¦ ;. ' . > . -..¦¦¦¦'."..¦¦ -r- -. ¦;.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Fraternal Hive is still adding- many
members to "its ranks. . Last Wednesday
evening it-gave one ef its pleasant so
cials, which was well attended by ; the
members and their friends, and a royal
good time had. , ~ . ¦'
Past Commander Lady George Kcym
of Los Angeles Hive No. 1, who has been
visiting friends in 1 San Francisco, having
come here as delegate of her hive; was
a guest - last v Friday eveninsr ot Lady
Leroi, record keeper of Fraternal Hive
and honored the hive with a visit, during
which she spoke very highly of the order
In general and of. her pleasant visit to the
Golden Gate. ;: , »_ ; - ¦',--:
National Union.
San -Francisco Tent has grown the past
nonth. in - membership, ? the result of
rood work done by Special Deputy Green
>erg.- Under "the good of the order the
:ommlttce on this month's social reprted
in excellent programme in preparation
"or the entertainment of the. members.
3ir Knight Fred Shaw was appointed cap
ain of the new degree team, and : from
lis experience , in this class . of : work he
ivill make an excellent captain and will
aringthe team to the front rank In this
State. / , v a^ . .-, - <-.
The i "At Home" ' that" was sriven last
week . by " Minerva Parlor of Native
Daughters, was one ; of the great social
events In fraternal circles. . The hours
were . . whiled away '.-until: -midnight In
games and dancing by ; the members and
invited, guests. A light collation .was
served.- The success of > the ra.*f air was
due to the committee,' consisting of Misses
Mary.Dempsey, Kate Curran and Helen
¦Wilson. ¦• ;v .% -, • y.x i ...
!•' Sans Souci Parlor^of i the. N. D. G. W.
had a Jolly, good time last Monday night
fn'theFfTferidsTilirHairofrtWOad Fellows'
building." -There -.,was> .jan'i entortain
ment that included. a y.ariety- of numbers
by professionals; and each;, was received
wlth f much applause, -'which was kept up
until an encore was given.* After ths pro-"
gramme 'there -was a good -list of mud
em i dances > that - kept " the ':¦'¦ company - to
gether urttil it" was time to catch the last
car. The affair was delightfully managed
by. Mesdames Minnie Dobbins. .Hatt'e
Westerfleld, May Mooney, • Edna Levy
and A. J. Newman. ¦
¦A new, parlor was Instituted last week
at Pleasanton, Alameda County, with a
good membership. One of those admitted
was "Mother" Murray, the first white
female child born in the county. The par
lor was organized by Mrs. Julia Downey
and instituted by Grand President Mrs.
Gett. • . - . . 1
new parlor will be • instituted - this
week in Blue Lake, Humboldt County, by
. Mrs. Emma O'Connor of Reichling Par
lor, Fortuna, ' • » —
Jcaquln Parlor recently had an at home
In Stockton, which was a great success
in every sense of . the word. There were
present sixty-seven members of the par
lor, fifteen from Oakdale Parlor, two each
from El ¦ Pescadero and . Golden Era par
lors and one each from Ruby and Veritas
parlors.* One of , the members declared
that all "enjoyed a jolly, high Jinks."
Knights of the Maccabees.
Crescent Court of the Degree of the Am
aranth, has decided to take Quarters in
the Golden Gate Asylum. The first meet-
Ing in the new locale will be held on the
night of the 14th of June and it is prob
able that- there will be an J'&t home" in
celebration of the event. The ; court will
meet on the second and fourth Fridays of
each month. - • ' . . '. ¦ .
The Native Daughters.
son,. Cecil Cowles, little. Genee Tully and
Professor Clarkson's Mandolin "Club. The
committee in charge was Mrs.- Drees,' Mrs.
McDonald, Mrs. Tunnison, J.. J. Phillips
and 'Fred Parker. - ••' 3 ' ' '
I The -feature of: the entertainment that
was given on the night of the 24th of May
in the Eureka Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building was the- sale of miniature slllt
stockings for the benefit of the- Orphans'
Home -at Gilroy. -The i sum of $49 25 was
realized, and it '/would have been greater
had there been more stockings. •' In addi
tion to ' the} sale there | was an entertain
ment made up of piano solos, duets and
sextets, . voral selections, recitations and
exhibition dancing.- The contributors were
Mrs. Howard, . Sadie Dorr, Miss Davis,
Mrs. j Davis, Jack- Braiton, ¦ Mrs. Germain,
Ben Jones, Sadie and v Charlotte Dorr,
Pearl and Gertie .Higgins, Helen Sanford
and Mrs. J.' B. Madison. After the pro
gramme there was dancing. The whole
affair was under the • direction of J. G.
Beckert, Miss Annie sRenner and Miss E.
Ramm. '. , ¦ ¦'• ¦
Last Wednesday night -Mrs/ George T.
Shaw of Oriental . Rebekah Lodge was
presented by Abbie' Ewlng on behalf of
the lodge with a handsome. gold and dia
mond pin In recognition of her services
to. the lodge, the order and the Orphans'
Home. Mrs. Shaw was at the last held
re-elected a trustee of the home
by acclamation as a tribute to her worth
in that position. The lodge felt proud of
the honor conferred on their, sister and
showed their appreciation- by the pre
sentation.
Election of officers for the ensuing term
is'now in order. 7 .¦*.., -. .
Degree of the "ATOW'rffnt'h.
FRATERNITIES
V^^fl T tnft a ** held, meeting of the
SL-V^ 1 . 1 executive ; and, ., membership
¦'I I-A-I I commlttees of -the Alumni
\ lJX| \ Commissioned OfBcers' Asso
>~^/l> elation of the ¦'.University , of
- s^f California the following nam
ed were; present:* Executive
committee— Colonel " George ' W.- ' Bauer/
commander; • Major, . Percival ; Dolman;
Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Murphy, Cap
tain F. A. Denicke, Captain J.W. Miller,
Lieutenant J. D. 1 Hatch and Lieutenant J.
A. "McGee; membership' cQmmittee-r-Cap
tains Ri^Danlels, R. Logan and O. Dibble
and Lieutenants C. Schilling arid J. Gal
lagher. - '¦ ', ¦-". -, „ .. . .
It was decided that the association give
a garden party at the Schilling residence
in Oakland on the 17th of August and
committees were appointed »to take charge
of the affair, which will '. be made one . of
the swell functions of the season. ,¦'¦.•-?'>-. ei
An invitation to attend a drill by. Golden
Gate Commandery," Knights Templar, on
the night of the 1st of June was accepted.
Colonel Bauer and- staff attended in full
dress uniform. ¦. *,. <
There was also an acceptance of "an in
vitation from the Columbia Park Boys',
Club to have Colonel "Bauer and staff re
view the drill corps of that organization
and to Judge the competitive drill to be
held In the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
6th of June. ; ;
The applications of the following, named
who desiro tn become members of, the as
sociation were passed upon favorably by
the membership committee.: ' Majors ' N.
M. Moran and Glen Allen; Captains D.
Edward Collins, J. W. S. Butler, W. W.
Downer, L. T. Wagner and, George : H.
Harker and Lieutenants F. Otis, J. C.
Meyersteln and M. V. ¦ Richardson.
Ing last 1 night 8 for i th* purpose of elect
ing a* number of strangers: who have ap
plied for admission to the chapter.
Odd*- Fellowship.
Olive, Lodge of ; Dutch' Plat will on the
nlght:*of.the^5th ; of ; the month
tender a reception to Grand Master Wil
liam Nicholls Jr.; who is a member of the
lodge. <: There will -be - a banquat In cele
bration of his ; elevation to the ¦ position of
grand ; master. : ..c : V ? ¦ : 
;-A- new hall for : Occidental .Lodge will
be dedicated', with appropriate ceremonies
on the 5th of July* by a, number of the
grand officers.,; In the evening; p.fter the
ceremonies. there will' be a. 'ball.
On the 6th of July_ Yerba' Bueia Lodge
will' celebrate ;the fortieth I anniversary of
its , institution by ¦. giving > a - banquet \ to
members only.^ •-
The Bebekahs.
.On the night, of the 24th inst. Templar
Rebekah Lodge gave a very .pleasing en
tertainment in its lodge room in the Odd
Fellows' building, that was j enjoyed by as
many as could crowd ¦ into ; the place. : The
numbers on the programme included piano
duets, specialties, fancy buck
and wing dancing, 1 mandolin selections and
the display ' of Aunt : Jerusha's ( family al
bum.- 'xhe latter was the! hit of the even-
Ing. Mrs. Winnie ,M. '.Dowle as AuntvJe
rusha Dow. produced .her which
was a large one/ and as she turned over
the Ifeaves there appeared the living face
and; bust of some member of. the lodge,
'who was I attired . in '-New -England • cos
tume. The introduction of : each picture
was witty and provocative of much laugh
ter. : The others who took part in the en
tertainment were: 'Mrs. Cowles and Miss
Gorman, H. W. Osthoff, little Nina Freel-
The Eastern Star.
During the latter part of last month the
grand natron and the grand matron paid
a.vislt to the chapter in San Jose. Dur
ing the evening, the chapter, which is the
home one of the grand patron, presented
him a fine case of silver for the table.
¦ Silver Star Chapter of Vallejo was vis
ited by grand officers last night.
Hilda, a new chapter, has been insti
tuted at Mokelumne Hill, ., Past Patron
Wallace Kay of Golden Star Chapter tak
ing Dart In the ceremony. ..
Beulah Chapter, elected five- candidates
at its last held meeting and will initiate
them at the next. .. ». - . * .
California Chapter had a business meet-
TEE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY^ JUNE 2, 1901.
27
, AjnjSEMDsaris.
VULUMDIM l» THEATRE
. Commencin* TO-MORROW NIGHT
THIRD "WEEK OF THE
sS LI * ~* * w^ b^H El I |9
'; ¦ : ':\?/.''; BEA9CN.
First ttree \ nights and - Wednesday matlne*.
Oscar, "Wilde's brilliant comedy
THE IMPORTANCE
OF BEING EARNEST.
Next three nights and Saturday matinee,
. , double bill, f
"GUDGEONS,"
and the one-act play
"FREDERIC LEMA1TRE."
MONDAY, JUNE 10— A GREAT EVENT.
. , FIRST TIME ON ANY STAGE.
The Romantic Love Story, ""/v '
"D'ARCYOF THE GUARDS."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
UNION COURSING PARK
..ITO-DAY...
Sunday - - - - - - June 2*
OPEN
SAPLING
STAKES.
126 —NOMINATIONS —126
$1250— Total Purse— $1250
. TRAIN SERVICE. ,
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 #,
m., 11 a. m.,'13 m. and 1 p. ra.; 25th and Va-
lencia rtree'ta flv« minutes later. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and aft*r the last coursa. San, Mv
teo elect rio cars every six minutes. " .
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING I
SPRING ' MEBTXNO— Opening April t*.
4 CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday.' Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or ahlM.
- Five or more races cacti • day. «.-¦
Races start at 2:15 p. i m. sharp. . .
Ferry-boats leave Saa Francisco at 13 ra. and
13:30. 1, 1:30, !. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. eonncctlns;
with trains stopping; - at the entranca to tha
track. . Last two ' can - on train reserved," for
'ladies and their escorts; no smoking;. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. ¦ All trains via
Oakland mole. connect with Saa Pablo arena*
electrio ' cars at Seventh .and Broadway, Oak-
land. 'Also all trains via Alameda mola con-
nect with San Pablo avenue ears at Fourteenth.
and - Broadway, I Oakland These electrio cam
SO direct to the track m fifteen minutes. : •
- Returning— Trains leave ths track at 4:15 aod
4:45 p. m. and immediately after ths last race.
>¦¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
. R. B. MILROT. Secretary. . ¦
I^BAIiACEHOTEL^
"~ Yltitors to Saa , Francisco who niako
tbelr headauartem at these hotel* en-
joy i comforts . and . convenience* not to
b« obtained elsewhere. DeslrabI* loca-
tion, courteous attaciiea and uaeqaAled
cuisine. American wad European plans.
| -GRAND HOTELS
WeelM $l.pOD6rYear
AMUSEMENTS. V
*TIYOLI*
"Tha Greatest Winner of All.",
MONDAY, JUNE 3, FOURTH WEEK.
* THE SURPRISING COMIC OPERA
NOVELTY,
Trtf
THE 1V/1
I MAKER
CONTAINING A GREAT BUDGET OF HITS.
STAGING AND MOUNTING UNSURPASSED.
'A SERIES OF SURPRISES FROM START, TO
. . _ " FINISH.
Bring the Children to See' the Marvelous
Toy Shop.
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE. SATURDAY
AT 2.
EACH CHILD WILL RECEIVE A . HAND-
SOME TOT."
, * EVENINGS AT 8. - .
POPULAR PRICES.
25c . . • . and ... . 50c
Telephone Bush 9. " .
Starting with TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMES NEILL^^y:
•; \ Presenting : '
THE ROMANTIC. COMEDY '
A COLONIAL GIRL.
." A Novelty in the Poetry of Motion.
PRICES— Eveninjf.' 23c. 35c, 50c, 73c, $1
BARGAIN MATIhEES '.'THUBSDAYi."
25 o and 5Oc.
NEXT— By .. special request,
:\?}'p'r A 'PARISIAN ROMANCE.
QfiLAJMD 1 OPERA HOUSE
mATlNEE TO-DAY. :
LAST NIGHT OF .
"CLEOPATRA."
Commencing: MONDAY EVENING NEXT. '
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE. .In Saniou'i
, . " Great Play,'
\U"LA TOSCA.*'
MELBOURNE .MACDOWELL as "SCARPIA." !
Another $2 . attraction at • popular prices.
10c, 15c. 25c.' 50c> A! Few Seats 75e. '.
''¦'/• Good • Orchestra Seat all Matinees 2Sc
.. * :. Branch ' Ticket Otflce-^Emporium. .
GHUTE^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND : EVEN1NO.
THE FLYINQ^JORDANS^ >
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN, MIXE. ADEXaAIDE,
' CLINTON MONTGOMERY, THE WILSONS.
GUILO ROSETTI, : BABT RUTH j ROLANI>,
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
FORREST SEABURtY,
; ¦ ; HIGH diver, j -
AMATEDR NldS; tBDRSOlL
'-.-•i Phone for Seats— Park* 23.^-- -*-'\'-l^
FISCHFR'S c ° n cert house.
rl 9™ ri V ° -I -Admission IOc. :
A- CHARITY: MARTIN,^Matlldlta and. Ballet.
Katherine ¦ Krleg and Minnie Huff, Carrol, 'At-
lantis, - Charles Held ' and Sam : Holdworth. :~~. - S
Reserved ' Seats,' 25c. ; Matinee ' Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS?
( - PPENNIGHTS. N
• > Open ' daily from : 1 . a: ; m.* i to ' 11 p. m.'
. t Bathing: from i7' a. ;m.:.to> 10:39 p.;m.~'
ADMISSION. 10c i CHILDREN.-; 5c. ..•.
p^^Mn| iBfilu<li"g irimlMinn. 25o ," **>*"'* *•»!». V^_
Semi-Annual Clearance Sale! j
I GOLDEN GATE CLOAlf AND SUIT HOUSE !
! ' WILL INAUGURATE > 2
| /YVONDAY, JUNE 3, 19O1, !
I HAS TAKEN PLACE IN SAN FRANCISCO. |
I Superior Garments Gut to Less Than Half Price i
I-OIR FORMER SALES /RE A GUARANTEE OF 1 HIS ONE. - WE MEAN EXACTLY WHAT WE ADVERTISE. {
\ PricesWiH Convince. Styles All This Season's Productions. 5
I $ 5.00 ETON SUITS Will be sold for SI. 93.' " *• % 5.00.FANCT .TRIMMED SKIRTS on sale at 81.95. #
> 12.5ff BLOUSE SUITS: taffeta silk lined jacket; trimmed, 7.50 FINELY TRIMMED SKIRTS at $3.95- •
\ .flounced skirt; at $4.95- 15.00 TAFFETA^SILK SKIRTS, fancy trimmed. $8.45- •
{¦¦¦]tS^^RSU^^uS^oughout. at $9.95. ™ J^gl S22™ SS???? "I 80 * 05 *- I
I' ...:8.50 :SILK ETON JACKETS, satin lined, for 82.95- ™ -* 1 ' 75 - ' 3
» 15.00 TAFFETA SILK ETON, JACKETS at $7.45. • f" a^^I- C w^=^ C^PES.CT Inches lon K . 65c. ?
{ ' 3.50 NAVY BLUE MELTON JACKETS on sale at 95c - Tnd^JI^ WAISTS - lined throughout, • at . 75c •
{ 5 : 00 JACKETS will be sold for 82.45- ;*) 3.50 SILK POPLIN WAISTS- to close at 81 45 S
| 7.50 SILK LINED JACKET for 82.95- , 6.00 PURE SILK CREPE WAISTS at S3 45. . I
| 10.00 JACKETS will be sold for 84.95- , ¦ 4.00 SILJEC MOREEN PETTICOATS : with accord'eon •
I 25.00 FUR TRIMMED JACKETS closed out for 89.95- . pleat, at 81.95. . ' ™^ 0
V .,: 1.50 ALL WOOL BLACK HOMESPUN SKIRTS. 65c 'l.00 COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS at 65c ' •
3.00 TRAMPING SKIRTS on sale at 81.45.' " SILK -WAISTS AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE. •
» IWnTirF DURING THIS SALE NO GOODS WILL BEMnT|/>ir t
? WU I ILL. EXCHANGED. IMU I Itt. •
I SALE COMMENGES AT 9 A. M. : 1
1 12304232-1234 MARKET STREET. !
I CITY i Mk PARIS I
I Dry Goods -^^^ Company. |
? ;:::"¦¦•.-¦.; .-.- ¦¦:,-:rr ~ : : : ; ¦ -/ ¦%
A -'¦¦.'¦. ¦ : '¦',.¦' -¦'.':-' .
¦ ¦¦/"'¦¦'''.¦¦"¦' ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦''¦) '¦"-¦ ; .'- : ---'-.' " :¦ "W" W" W^^ '-'Or
j DEPARTMENT, j
I STERLING VALUES IN X
I C j! BONNET & CIE, I
? Lyons Manufacture. , <$>
I Prices 75c, 85c and $1.10 ym 1
¦ ?¦ ¦ ¦-'::.;¦•:¦;¦,¦¦ - . . h '¦:. . $>
IT. B.— -TILLS IS 2JOT A SPECIAL SATYR, but our standard prices for *
IT tlie best goods known to the trade. * /
™ \. . ' - . ¦ ¦'¦¦¦ ¦¦ . ¦ . ¦ : V
<S> . ' Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. <8>
4> ._;¦: :-:-;/:;-¦ : • ; ; ; _ «
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, t
.%¦-:¦ ¦ 6B. Corner Geary *nd Stockton Streets, San Tranoisco. *
V4>-;- ¦'•¦¦ ¦ : - ¦..¦-¦;¦¦';/'''>¦..¦¦; ..•¦.UNION S«^U/*FII3. •- $?
t SEE OUR aOAK AND SUIT AND OUR DRESS GOODS ADS IN CHRONICLE. J
i«> - .:¦•.-¦.-.¦:;¦¦'¦¦-:•.¦ :/ - "¦.::;'¦¦'_ V~?M ¦ .
TBAVBL. / v
W£$%$k Dollars
Take a standard sleeper and it will cost you $76.50 for
railroad and sleeping-car fares, Los Angeles or San Fran- , :
cisco to Qhicagoi
Take a Burlington tourist sleeper and the cost is only
; $58.50. _ • - •. " .;.:¦¦/:,: - m
Add to this that no sacrifice of comfort or, self-respect is
involved by traveling in a tourist car and it is easy to account
for the extraordinary popularity of this method 'of crossing
the continent. " Y" :: \' ""'•''" ',
Burlington tourist can leave Los Aneelei Mondays and Wednes- JRSKSK3A
Cars; San Francisco, Tuesdays and Thursdays— Omaha. Chicago, Illfllitllluill I
Kansas Cit r , St. Louts— EVER Wl'HERE east. Tickets and berths : nBRMHlBM
at Southern Paci5c ticket offices or from . - v ,.i~.:\ 'y i\. l|Hiil|l|ljOn
5 W. D. Sanborn, Geni Agent, 631 Market St, San Francisco. :. /^S v^^^~-
AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK' COMMENCING TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
Matlnes June 2. , '
VAUDEVILLE'S CHOICEST GEMS
Presenting their . original ' comedy sketch,
"Miss Patter of Paterson,"
And introducing Miss Remington's original
• . * creation v ¦ ¦
¦/:, "The Woman^With the Ax:"
\ The brilliant , comedy, musical ¦ entertainer. ,
SiETfiTsunS^
Presenting an original comedy sketch.
Vocal and instrumental musicians.
'•'¦-¦ •
The Great American
BIOGRAPH
Last week of the three great headllners.
GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD,
HENRY LEE,
LEVA/ SULLY.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children.,
10c, any part except' reserved. A few; front
orchestra rows reserved, 50c; front tows of bal-
cony, reserved, 25c.' _; . " ,.
- MATINEE TO-DAY, 5UNDAY.
TO-NIGHT, FAREWELL PERFORMANCE
"THE FIRST BORN" and "GLORIANNA."
::',.. : TO-MORROW NIGHT,
l= % I-.C>ReN*r IE ROBERTS
Supported- by White ,Whittlesey, In Julia
. - ' ¦' .Marlowe's" Success, :¦.
"FOR BONNIE
PRINCE CHARLIE."
Orchestra,' rlrst ..6 rows, 75c. .- Reser\-e seats
six -days In advance. ¦¦. ;.._:'
BELASCOA~nTHAlCS ;:,&%& I
;-^sC5SAi ¦ i .™-- ~ mmcnriuit .
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY.)
• « ¦ Last Times of the Powerful Melodrama, 'i
THE WAR OF WEALTH
nnifCC Evenings ;..;.'..i..l0c,- ISc, 25c, 35c/ BOc
I itiWCd Matinees......;.'... ....... ..10c, 15c, 25c
: BeBirinlngr ' TO-MORROW— Mammoth produc-
tion of the patriotic an J .realistic naval drama,'
GLpRV."
" The Story of the American Bluejackets
•¦Vy -.,¦» ,- in Chile. -. . ¦ . ' .
QLYMP/A iSK tJIs.
THH ? ONLY , FREE LVAUDEVILLE HOUSE
>. ;>¦;;.". s - •.; ,>IN, 4 THE:CITY.r : \ '-¦'-. ¦
THE SiiMAYOAS,
¦, ' The 'Wizards- of the Aerial Trapeze. .
BTMLB^LOW,
:i~:A?. ¦'• " ' r Th« 940,000 Beauty. \, ; -
MABEL RUTHERFpRb
;;-v:,frank^bar^6n. : >
';- * , .. j The R«i-Time: Specialists. .. . "
>'¦¦'*/¦; MATINEE -EVERY- SUNDAY. . . . .-.'
• AMATEUR ; NIGHT; EVERY.' FRIDAY.
. . .:¦,¦'¦--¦¦ - . ?DU1BSICX ; FREB.-T; .¦ : ¦ :. ' - "' - I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains Iraiv imd nre c!m» »«? t»rrl»« «l
. ' MAN ritAI«<!IS«!O. -
' . (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) »
. leatk — From Hat 26. 1901. — '•¦' Aksiti
7:3«a BenicU, Suiiun, Elmira, V*c»Tllle, |
: Kumaey »nd Mkcranieato 7t8Bv
. 7i3Oa DkTia, Woodland, Knights Landing,
:. MaryiTilio. Ororille 7s3*P
7i80a A tlintlo Kxpress— Ogdeu and But 18:25*
8:00 a Martlner., Sau Katnon, Vallejo. Nai»a,
UaUstuga and Santa Rosa StSSp
StOttA Kllea, Lathrop, Stockton..... 7tS3p.
diUOi Kll«*. Mendote, Fresno, Hanford.
VisaUa. PorterrUle 4iSSr
•iS«a SbasU Srpress— Daris. WiUlams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Sed
Bluff, Portland... 7t98f
•«8«A Sail Jose, Ltrennore, Stcwkton. - .
lone, Sacramento, FlaeerrUle.
MKry.f Ille, Cbioo. Uert Illnff 4tS9r
•<8»* Oakdale. Ohineas (Yosemlto). 8o-
nor*. Carters... 4tt3t
»:OOa Hajward. Nile! and Way Stations.. lltSSA
DiOWA Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tner. Lathrop. Stockton, Heioed
Fresno and Los Angeles ?>SSr
•iSOa TallBin, Alartinez uiU War Stations OiBttp
1Oi«»a, The OTerlaud LA in I ted— Ogden, Den-
rer, Omaha. Chicajo OiRSr
fltAOr SacraiuentuUlierStestuers. ........' fStOux
S:8OrHarward, Nllts aud War Stations.. 7:35r
ttuut UeuicU, Winters, Macratnauto,
Wooflland. KulKbU Jdnidliif,
If •rrsTtile, OroTllla 10:09a
4:00p Martinex, Hun Ramon, - Vallejo,
Napa. CallntoKK. Hanta Hota »i*5&
i 4:00r Ml«s, LtTermors. Stockton, Lodl . . . 1 S.asr
4«»«r Hayward. Mies, Han J<«re, Linrmora ?«=<*»*
4>3Op fort Cos a. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton 1 u:S3a
- S:O»r The Owl I Jiuitvd— Kraauo, Tolare.
¦-' "¦¦.*--¦' UakersBold, Haujiis for Sauta Bar*
- bara, Los Angeles . S:53&
: SttOr Martin* z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:SSp
8:On r Tosemits lXiSSp
St3Or K<rw Orleans Express — Mondota,
Fresno. Bakersfleld, Los Angeles,
Doming, £1 faso. Now Orleans
and £tit..r. 7tSS4
• :BOp Havnard, Nlles aud Han Jose 7:35*
t«:OOr Vallejo 11:5*4
OiOOr Oriental Mall-Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chtoigo IBiSSp
CrOOr Oriental Mall— Ogd«n, Denter,
Omaha, Ohio«o 4:13r
7s00r Oregon and California iCi|>ress,Hae.
«, ruMieiit.ii. Marysfille. 7 llediifog,
IV.iUhii.1, Tiiget Hoitutl anil Kast < S«30a
•••SrSan Pablo, Port Coata, Martlnec • -
ami Way stations 11>SSa
1S;O8p Vsllrjn ?»»»>
COAST LINE (Nnrrorr ««u B e).
(Foot of Market Street)
J~s*» a Santa Crnz Excursion to rfauta Cruz
and Prinapal Way SUtions :»:O3»
; 1:10a Nenark.OoiiUirtllle.Han Joso.Frlton,
Boulder Creek.Saula Or ur. and War
ttUtloiii *:a»»
ttil Or Newark Centervills, 8an .lias, N?v
Almaden, F«ltou, Moulder <V»ek,
Santa CJruz ami I'rinclpu War
Stations fl»i»»A
4tlSp Newark, Sau 3v*. Los Gstos { jj'^Joi '
CRETE* ROUTE FERRY.
rrt»S»J!«l«CISCO— r*tl »r K.rl.t Strut <Slis t)— '
ti:*>5 1:00 ll:00».M. 1:03 3:00 B:l6f.«.
rr«a01IU»l-f*it«lsruawtj.-tii:O0 (8:00 t8H»
l«:00t.ll. 12:00 3:00 4:08 IMI. •
COAST LINE (llrosd «mi«;e).
(Third mid Townsend Sta.)
6:1 «a 6*n Jote tnd Way HtttloDs...; - ««»•»'
17:00* Ran .loseunii War Stutluiis • l«»»f
J7:a«A Sunday Kxcnrsion for San Jcse,
Banta Cruz. Pacific OrOT* and
Principal War Stations..... JStS»»
•¦OOaMsu Jose. Tres rinos. Bants <)n«,
/ J'arillo tJrote, HalintS. Ran Lull
"' f Oblspoand Principal intermediate
HULlUmt...........\. 4ll«p
IOiSOa San Jose and Way Stations.. 7i8op
/I«i3ua New Almaden / 8:»t
IIiSOa Sau .lose ami Way Stations Oi*W
t«i4ftr Stu Mateo, lied wood, Msnlo Park, •
Palo Alto. SanUOlara, San Jose,
¦ . .- Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas, ¦
Monterey and 1'aclfio Qrors flAi40a
S:S«r Ban Jose aud Way Stations .. •sSO.a
f4:ISp San Jose and Principal Way Stations j »:-4«a
• i3iOOr San Jose, Lcs Gatot and Frinolptl
War SUtions.. .................... t»:OO*
BtXOp AauJose aud Principal War SUtlons 8:U3a
•¦•Op Bedwood, San Jose, Gilroy. swn« w
-Santa Barbara, Los Angeles IOiOSa
Ct OOp Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grove*
Lompoo..... IAiOSa
•«3«p San Jose and War Stations fHiOO*.
«Ht4ttr San Jose aud War SUUons 7i8T
A for Morning. , P for Afternoon,
t Sanday excepted. x t Sunday only.
.•Batordayonly. ' ~ /Tuesdays and Fridays.
R P IT Q W 17 Q FOR BAKBERS. BAK-
JslJLiUOXlCsO er8 > bootblacks, bath-
houses. < billiard tables,.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, ¦ - canners, -
dyers, flourmllls, ¦ foundries. ' laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta- i
blemen, tar-roofers, , tanners, tailors, . etc
BUCHANAN ; BROS. ;
Brush Manufacturers* 600 Sacramento SI
J, ' BAH.WAT TBAVKL. *
NORfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD, j
>,">/>-¦¦? via Sausallto Ferry..
>:-'. Commencing April 28, 1901. ,
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
, . AND SAN RAFAEL. > ~^
'-WEEK DATS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30. 11:00 a. ml/
12:45. "IMS, 3:15. 4:15, 5:16, '6:15, 6:45 p.m.,,-
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley, and Saa
Rafael ¦ on .Mondays, » Wednesdays,^ Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m..'
SUNDAYS-7:00, 8:00/»9:00, MO:^,. 11:00, U: so
a. m.. U:«..- *l:30. 2:30, '3:45, 8:00. 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run.to^San Rafael
'Trains' marked <•) run to^San Quentln. * '
FROM SAN •KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
'. - WEEK- DAYS— *5:25, ¦ «:27, 7:47. - 8:35. W1S
a. m ZT '12:25. 1:15,-2:20. •>:«. 4:40, 6:30 p/mT.'
EXTRA TRIPS e on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:4o and-10:00 p. m. «.""
* SUNDAYS-6:l5. •8:00. »:45. 'litoo » a. m ., . u
m^ V l:M. 2:15. "S^. 4M. *5:i5. «:«. 7:lo7 10:10
P Tralns : marked '<!>^J*jJ. San Quentlnl -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK • DAYS— 5:45. - 6:45.' ,7:65, 8:65,, 10:80
a.^n:M2:35. 1:45; 2:46. S:50, 6:10. ¦ 6:20 p.'m. - 8?
• EXTRA - TRIPS " on : ¦ Mondays,* Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7 :lfr and 10:35 p. m. .
6UNDAYS-6:3V 8:00. 10:05, a. m.; 12.1S,
1-20 2:30.8:45.6:00.6:16.7:15,10:30 p.m. ¦- \
1 '->- THROUGH TRAINS. |
-.-• 6:B5 a.' m. week days— Cazadero and way sta- j
8:15 p. m. Saturdays^-Casadero and ¦ way sta-* j
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— j
Tomalesand way stations. : \ - ; - -.
. 8 a. m. Rundays-^Cazadero and way stations. I
' 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point , Reyes and ; way
¦tat Ions. .- :,-.-- ,.' • --''"¦--,-¦, .":.'".-¦,---
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
Cheap Rates
Santa Fc
.'' -.'.:¦:¦;".' The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates of sale
are below. The other details can
be had of the Santa Fe Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
June 3, 4; July* 3, 4; Aug. 22,
23; Sept. 5,6.
CHICAGO, $72.50 :
July 3 and 4. / :
CINCINNATI, $76.50 \
June 30 end July !.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS, $55
July 8 and 9. : ~ - -
DETROIT, $82.25
July I and 2.
KANSAS CITY, $60.00
June 3 and 4.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and !8. ; .
ST. PAUL, $67.90
June 3 and 4.
The best service and the pleasantest
way is furnished by /the
Santa Fc
6*1 MARKET ST.
$Q7 00 BUFFALO 007 00
f^U 8 S= And Return WU I 1 =
VIA ILLINOIS CENTRAL R. R,
Tickets on Sale
JUNE 3d and 4th
FOR DETAILED INFORMATION
CALL OR ADDRESS
W. H. SNEDAKER, GenlAgent,
648 Market Street.
Santa Fe \ : l .
Trains— Daily.
Lt&ve liarkct-Etreet Ferry Depot
Locsi LIm'd Ovrl'd l^ocal
; Daily. r>ally. | DaUy. Rally.
Lv. 6aa Fran 7:20 a. 8:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
At. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 & 11:05 p 7:26 p
" , Merced .. 12:25 p 1:X7 p 1:15 a !
•' - Fresno ... 2:^0 p 2:25 p 8:05 r'
" Hanford . 4;22 p 2:27 p 7:0e a
¦¦•• Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 5-c" P 4:46 a
"Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
"'• Bksfield . 6:60 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•' Kan City. 2:41 a 7:30 a
"Chicago 2:lSp 8:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. xn. train is the California I/mited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
flret-class passengers. No second-class
tickets arc honored on this train. Corre-
ppondlng train arrive* at 8:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. xn. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. ra. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, .with
through Palace , and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palaca
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. xn. dally.
7:50 a. m. Is BakcreSeld Local, stopping
at all points In Ban Joaquln Valley. Corre-
epondlng train arrives at. 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— €41 Market stress and In Ferry
Depot, Ban Francisco; Ilia Broadway.
Oakland. _.^___
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
VU B»»«*ia« Terry-root of Xirkrt St.
utvr s*n r«*«. »minr« •»« inn*
J-^t^-l ""^s^ DAYS $&§?•£
J«;:2:s«-».- w '-^— •• l *'™ r MSl:£ !
Wa.m.1 fl2:15p.it
»«0a.m. 1:15 p. if.
30:00 a., si. I cmraAva . S:30 T - ¦*•
120 p.m. ¦ b-JbOr.u,
230 p. M.j i.7:10».K.
Pan. 6u rraadSM to Sssnrit ss4 tetsra. tLM
. Ticket Offices. €21 Market St., ASacsali to Ferry.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
After June 3, and during the
summer, this train will run
' • semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
and Thursdays, arriving at
2:15 p. m. Thursdays and Sun-
days.
No other train compares
with it for beauty or.perfac-
, tion of service. -
4% ¦¦¦"CM W*W* ' • ¦
SANTA FE
CALIFORHIi lORTHIESTKRl'.RT. W.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
railway company.
Ttburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
San Francisco to San Ra?asl.
TVEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; ' 12:33,
1:30. 6; 10, S:ZO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
. at 11:50 p. tn. Saturdays— KxtTE trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ' ¦ • - -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. >:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. 8:30.
6:00, C:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:46,
8:40. 5:15 p. m. ' Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
¦ and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:l0. »:«, 11:10" a. m.: 1:40, 3:40
6:06, 6:25 p. in. . h '
' Leave I In Effect j Arrive . v
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San iTranclsco. ,
W«ek I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:80 pm
. . Fulton. • • •- -.-¦•••
7:Mam Windsor. , - 10:» am
S:00 pm Healdsburc;. 10:40 am - ,¦
Lytton. • ¦ ¦ . ¦
• Oeyservllle. • . ¦ '- - ; ¦ .¦ ¦
8:80 pm 8:00 am 'Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland [10:40 am|10:25 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:80 am ' .- ¦ T~- ~T~~ 10:40 am 1 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm .
8:80 pm 6:00 pm . ¦¦ ..- ¦ .- 6:20pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sonoma t:15am 8:40 am
I v and . - . - .
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am] 8:00 ami ' 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 6:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrs;s; at Fulton
(or Altrurla: at ' Lytton (or I Lytton Springs ; at '
Geyoervllle (or - Skossrs Sprlnrs; ' at . Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springe, Kelseyvlllo, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: ¦ at Uklah for Vichy Springs, • Saratoga
Springs, i Blue Lakes, - Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, ; Upper Lake." Pomo. * Potter .Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknells,
Sanhedrln Heights, ¦ ~ Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs,' Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, ", Uaal. -.-Wllllts, - Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's ' Springs. ¦ Harris, Ol sen's. Dyer,*' Scotia
and Eureka. ¦• - ¦-,¦'¦ i -> "'¦ ¦ ¦:.¦•¦ ¦ ¦.
Saturday to Monday round trip* ticket* at re-
duced rates. ..•¦ -..." -¦'.,# '-,-. . .-.- ,¦:¦ '
. On ¦ Sunday ' round - trip tickets to all points j
beyond San Rafael at half rates. : - .
¦ . Ticket Office, 650 Market : street. Chronicle
•• , •-.-. -¦: Bulldlns;. . . \
H. C. WHTTINO.- •• -: R, X. RTAK. '¦'.
j. : _-^-^- O«m. Managar. - ';*.... * Oea. Paaa, Act.
AT>irw:».'|'j^wrM wi^Tn,THE SAN- FRANCISGO iCALt, > Stf^
28
, EMPLOYMENT , WANTED— FEMALE.
TRAINED ! nurse from' St. . Louis,\with : physl-
'.;- dan's reference,' wants ' position 'with -nice
people to take care of sick or invalid person;
In or out of city, .Box 3352. "Call ofilce. " , '
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted. in country
, by. Eastern woman; good cook and seamstress.
Box 3348,; Call office.-; -. ...
WANTED--A good home with elderly, couple
. , or - . \widpw; ;.,,.-. American; a position '- as
housekeeper and companion by a willing and
-reliable lady; references. : Box 3299. Call. ;
A' FRENCH . cock wishes a situation ' In a pri-
V vate family;, has' good references. Address 114
Trentcn st , between Jackson ; and Pacific. K
TWO young ladles wish position" labeling; long
experience; good references. : 255 Fell st. _'.
SITUATIONS r wanted, by two young . women;
Americans; one a^§ companion for an Invalid.
• the- other, upstairs work; .no -.waiting. -Box
, 10.iCall office. V ¦¦..¦-
WANTED— A position . as housekeeper; thor-
oughly competent: good -references; ¦ wages
$15 to $20: ' 955 Third St.. Oakland. . y
YOUNG lady wishes place as housekeeper. Call
at v 827 Howard st; room 15. . .
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
•¦;•¦- M. REICHOW'. 417 Harrison st. -
AN ! elderly, lady wishes ' position to assist . In
light housework in small, family; small
: wages. 29 Eddy st. , 2d floor, room 31.-
LADY wants position,' 'week' or day; speaks
; Spanish thoroughly; good writer; neat sewer;
will do -any light work. , Address box D, 106
, /Eleventh st' ¦*..-. \ .-.'; . , . . .' - ¦¦"-.:.'. ¦
YOUNG lady I wishes position in store or bak-
¦ . ery. Box 3390.' Call office.
YOUNG. lady would like to do , upstairs work.
Apply at 717 Flllmore st . , ' . \
.DRESSMAKING by the day;, will work home;
1 remodeling ; .work called for. 507 Turk ¦ st. 3
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 60; will take work home; per-
c feet fit guaranteed.: Address 238 Ellis st.
LADY with small child wishes flannels to wash
, for gentlemen or ladles. Call 631V&B - Stev-
enson St. , ¦- ¦¦¦;....-.." .'•-.-¦ -
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day. Apply to MP.S.
. N. WAHLQUIST, 609 Kearny st.
WOMAN with ; child wishes' position as house-
keeperor general housework. 332A Twelfth:
HOUSEKEEPER— Lady wishes position or care
of Invalid; position 'must be honorable; good
. wages; best references. Box 3297, Call of flee.
SITUATION wanted by a refined young woman
for upstairs work; : no waiting; . references.
Box 3342, Call office., , ;
GERMAN woman -wants work sewing and
mending in family or 1 hotel. Apply at 216A
. Hickory ave. 1 s- I ~- .
ALL are notified ' to redeem their articles im-
mediately. * as I am • going out of business.
-UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A GIRL' wishes a position as second girl; $25
per month. 1432 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. „• ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
Valencia st. ¦'. . . , '
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— M ALE.
NURSE (male), who Is also competent secre-
tary, stenographer, etc., desires position;
• would take charge of Invalid; first-class ref-
.crences. Box 3358. Call office. , . ' .
A STEADY, reliable man wants a position as
, marker and distributer In a country laundry;
¦will make himself generally useful. Address
box £293. Call office.
WAITER or coachman desires position; first-
class local and Eastern references ; kindly
state wages.' Address P. A. B., . Yosemite
House, 1045 Market st:. city:
EXPERIENCED office man, stenographer and
secretary ' (20) desires position; small salary;
references. Box 3S53, Call office. .
BY gardener, : Al In . all branches.' thoroughly
I reliable, - industrious, strictly sober, position
-r on private place; generally useful; best ref-
. erences. P. R. L., box 3285. Call office.
SITUATION wanted; bread and cake baker;
strictly sober; good . ref erences. Address box
> 3334, Call office. V" , ' '
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with -horses -and
tools, wants light work; no milking; ¦ small
wages if good place. HOWARD, 115& Sec-
ond st. ' ; . ¦ '
YOUNG man, 27. experienced bookkeeper and
office man; Chicago references. Box 3276,
* Call r office. --• , ¦; v
FIRST-CLASS American watchmaker desires a
situation at once; good references ;. 12 years'
¦ experience. W. W.THAYER, 108% Ellis st.
IF In need of an office* clerk or salesman, give
¦5 a chance ' to ' a * young ' Eastern man . who
neither smokes, chews, drinks or uses vile
J language. . Box 3351, . Call office. . ¦
YOUNG -man -would Mike .to work mornings
and evenings in nice home, for board; has
excellent references. . Box 3376, Call - of flee.
SITUATION wanted as coachman and j gar-
dener by willing, reliable single Swiss for
private place: good Chicago references. Box
3397. Call office. . . ... . .¦ .
' YOUNG .. German butcher wishes - position.
' Please address 62 Second street
RANCH foreman wants a position to take
charge of ranch; has had 15 years' experience:
j can furnish good . California references. Box
I '- '¦ 336S * Call office. •'-:-, :
SITUATION wanted by a German baker; good
second hand on bread. Address G. F. A., 221
• Minna st.-: . ' ¦' ", .' '•¦¦"' *
BONDS GIVEN — Reliable young;. man desires
i position of trust as cashier, receiving clerk,
etc. Box 3378, Call office.
EXPERIENCED engineer wishes situation; go
anywhere: references. Box 3271; Call office.
RELIABLE and competent man desires to look
after and take care of premises wliile own-
ers are absent; good references. Address A.
S., care A. DUNCAN, 127 Seventh st. , . .
WANTED— A position . as cutter and general
: tailor, city or country; young man, steady and
Industrious; best of references. Address G.
C. WINTERBERG. 1618% Turk st.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of. business.
; UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant . ave. ¦
GROCERY manager— I am successfully manag-
ing a grocery house, doing a business of two
hmidred and fifty thousand. ($250,000) yearly;
would make - a change ; best reasons and ref-
erences; can handle both wholesale and. retail
' trade. . Address box 3287. Call office. ,;
WANTED— Situation as night watchman'or any
• kind of work by man aged 35; handy with any
• ktnd of tools and willing to work; references.
Pox 3279. Call office. %:
SAWMILL- men; a good blacksmith or engi-
neer, also millwright,- want3< position; refer-
ence. Address E. F. V.. Berkeley, Postofflce.
I . WISH position where I ' can get study ' time ;
would like small family. Charry, 1125 Sutter.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
J^li-^^^?*??^?!?.^^ - -¦„!;: : .,:¦ -; '
EXCHANGE, and Bales office, 321 Phelan bldg..
Market et.— Send particulars of anything you
, have for exchange, sale or_want; registration
'<:¦ free; .Insurance and loan". •'-' ¦ ~ • .7 <~ :¦¦:'
;80 acres Riverside,:- for Oakland property;
.dividend paying - oil stock for ; Berkeley prop-
¦: erty; small orchard and home, San Jose, .for
city or Oakland property; horse and buggy for
first-class liquors; $10. 000 Oakland lots for busi-
ness; 480 acres timber land for city lots; state
."your wants, large or small. '. ' \ , ¦ ". >.•'.
. iFEATHER RENOVATING^ [/¦/,':
Feather beds,' pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
, purified. Owen i MeCah*. ''. S70 Mission. ¦ cor. ¦¦ Biiy
¦••'.. ¦•' ..
WANTED— $4000,-9% per cent, on ranch;" within
65 miles; ample security. ¦ Box 2841, Call office.
;> -y'-, C •'; FLATS^ TO "LET.'.',;
THE sunniest, ; richest, grandest I Parisian '• flats'
• ¦> ever erected ; Just ; completed ; located on the
: • northwest corner 1 of Golden Gate ave. - and
Seymour st.,' east ,' of . Devisadero, on ?' that
. ¦ celebrated ¦'• bullseye -corner, :. where v sun and
: view is forever | unobstructed ; only .¦ two left
having eight rooms and i bath ' each, and tha
¦/'. very 1 latest ¦¦ importation -of — modern:- appur-
'. tenances; the. social, cooking -and sleeping
departments are separata departments ; ¦ open
>'^rially. -::.-.. ¦";. "-- ; A\- ¦..'.;¦• :-"¦:..¦¦.'¦¦'. -" \ :'-¦-. .
FINE sunny flat, 24 Baker St., near Halght; 6
r' 1 - upper rooms and bath: rent reasonable. G: H
' ;UMBSEN & CO.,* 14 Montgomery B tr "¦¦'.• ,
A. NICE,' 1 sunny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath, tubs
'.and yard;*' 1748 Folsom st;" near. 18th: y-.^c"; -
ALL- are ' notified ' to ¦ redeem [ their; articles | lm-
• : . mediately. •: as I < am ¦ going . out * of business.
¦ I UNCLE ¦ HARRIS. 15 Grant * av«, *; .-.-,. ,:;\ > ,
APPLY at 1722 Howard st.'ifor flat of 6 rooms;
¦'¦., ' $ very / sunny ; \ t f front ; . water free : >: rent, ', $17." -v
CLIPPER st.'; 18-^-Sunr.y flat of 4 rooms, : bathT
I r : laundry; ;$10. : ;. ¦•'¦;•:>">;. \i'j'.,, •..'_¦'. ¦','¦::_-¦ - : -- ...
FINE - upper I sunny ' modern I flat : of . 4 j rooms
" '¦ and ' bath ; • large ¦ yard. - ¦ 615 • GrovS - Bt.', > near
; Laguna. ::,,>,:. 7 :\.,^\ : , ;-:-'¦' .-.¦¦¦¦'-'.•• ¦;> '.'::':¦".'' ¦•:•
FLAT. T ,. 5 ! ' rooms ; perfect :.- order ; ''¦ modern ¦• im-
: provements : ; rent : $18: - Inquire . 1308 Powell st
HAYES, 1650, - near Panhandle— $21: '¦ snnny j flat,
'8 rooms,; bath, wash room and yard. : - ¦
BEVENTH, : ' 46, • near . Market r'-'i opposite new
rp postofflce— Flat. 4 '¦ sunny rooms; ¦ rent • mod-
* ferate. •«;/.?: -r- ¦ :*¦;¦• - : .\.v. ; _•.-¦•
- BUSINESS' C:iANCES-^-C«>«tfTiniH».
A DRUG store In mfg. town in San Joaquln
Valley; doing a good business; worth about
$5000 ; for. sale or to trade • for other • prop- ,
' erty ; the owner is an old man and wants ¦ to
retire; it will be sold for cash for much less
than . Its - real value. Address O. T. r RED-
FI ELD. ' Sanger. Cal. ; ' -'¦ . ' ..:¦'¦*¦*.
FOR SALE— Blacksmith shop; splendid open-
ing; in a thriving- town' 50 miles from San
Francisco; well stocked, together with/ four
lots; best location in town; established 30
years;- good trade; 1 satisfactory reason 'for
selling. For particulars apply Box 8345. Call.
BEST place In America for roadside resort ;
cheap. Owner.' 454 Thirty- fourth^st. Oakland.
$U0 WANTED by reliable party for Alaska
business; investigate. Box 3355, Call. .'¦;¦
$1250— CORNER grocery ¦ a'nd bar and ' 4 rooms
nicely, furnished; northern part city; take at j
once; going East; no. agents. Box 3344,- Call."
OLD established transfer saloon; living rooms:
Mission: rent $30: lease; owner other lmpor-
tant business; sacrifice; $650. Box 3347, Call.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. 691 Fourth st. •
PHOTO gallery for sale; would rent; see .owner
Sunday. 4?9 San Pablo ) ave., Oakland. •¦.
DENTAL office, .well advertised, doing a' busi-
ness of $600 a month; this is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144, Call
Office. . . , •¦'-.:.'.'
A— $190: RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; gopd place
for man and wife. 496 Fourth st. ¦- , :'*
A A— $400: GRA^ND opportunity for lady or gent,
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 22d-ave. station, E. Oakland..
$200 — BRANCH bakery, notions, school sup-
plies, etc.; cause, death; no agents. 933
Greenwich st., southeast corner Jones.*.
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Commer-
cial st., second door from Kearny ; rent $20.
A whole building to .lease: 15 Grant ave.; fine
location: suitable any business; rear Entrance.
MAN with $300 to Join party to work "placer
rl»1~ .«? r-ar-o ynm».'. P."T ?4S3. C«H office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL"!.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
8."0 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
! Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rcoming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
. for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
61 rooms; corner; rent $140; Income $350. .$3000
66-rooms hotel; rent $150; pays well....... 3000
50 rooms; 2 ent.; gooj fur., cpts; pt cash. S-MW
27. rooms: cor.: good location; see it.. 2300
19 rooms: rent $75: fine fur. ; pays well.,.150O
15 rooms; Geary; apartment house; mtg.. 1100
10 rooms; Bush; rent ?50; 1650 cash 850
8-room flat; modern; nice home.. ...'... 450
6 rooms; rent $16; good fur., carpets 250
' IS rooms: cor.;sunny; pays well 900
• 12 rooms; California St.: rent $50; . apart-
ments; oak and mahogany furn. ; first-class
roomers :. .". 800
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market. -by Call bid*, i
$200... 6 rooms|$1000...20 roomsl$35C0... SO rooms i
; $350. ..10 roomsl$1200. ..18 roomsl$4000... 80 rooms j
$550... 9 roomsl$1400. ..21 rooms l$450O... 70 rooms
f SCO. .. 12 rooms $1500.:. 26 rooms ISWI... fiO rooms
$700.. .36 rooms $160O...2O roomslJSSOfl... P3 rooms ;
$750. ..14 rooms I $1650... 26 rooms'MOOO... 75 rooms i
$K(V)...12 rooms!$lS00...50 roomsl$6^00... 42 rooms I
~ $850. ..11 roomsi$2S00...30 rooms^TOOO... 65 rooms j
$900.. .17 rooms|$3250.. . 60 rooms|$9000... 110 rooms
' ATTENTION. BUYERS! j
You may buy ajiy rooming-house in :
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
'."..;>;¦ of the house.
' ' Varant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO,. 850 Mark't,
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market "st.
21 rooms: part cash: central $1200
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 1200
42 rooms; cheap rent; clears 1100 2000
35 rooms; rent J80; reduced to... .~... 800
20 rooms, corner, only 600 !
FISHER & CO.. 935. Market St., opp. M-isou.
37 rooms, price $800: 35 rooms, price $1100.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $350.
26 rooms, price ?1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, WX).
If a bargain we have them at any price.
LODGING-HOUSE and hotels— Buyers will I
find headquarters for bargrains. good loca-
tions and guaranteed titles by calling
' , G, W, SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st, opposite Mason.
9 ROOMS on Minna St.: price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor St. ; orlce $700.
S rooms on Sixth Bt. : price $450.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: price $1500. ;
Eureka Real Estate, 28 Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st— A eood list
• of lodging-houses.
SNAP— 28-room house, all full: good reason for
selling: rent $60.' 420 Sixth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— . ¦ j
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: '.-ancer removed without I
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellis-
st. car: sit.. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium, will read your life
correctly; circles Tuesday, Thursday and Sat-
urday evenings; readings daily. 1 to 4: ladles
60c. gents $1. 305 Larkln st, fourth floor,
1 rooms 87 and -88; 25 years a medium. . ,
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. ' Room . 14, 305 Larkln
Bt. ; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m*
MRS. SHRINER and Griffin, well-known re-
liable mediums, will hold a test seance to-
nlght: all invited: 10c. 299 Hyde St. v .
,EARLE. 622 Geary st.. telephone Polk 1297—
. Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun. j
: . __ j
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm- |
1st and card reading, 23c. 1241^4 Market st. \
MRS. LESTER, 148 Sixth, rm. U; clr. every
¦ eve., 10c; except devel. cir., Friday eve., 25c. i
Mrs. Gllllngnam, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun.. Wed., 1
Frl.. 10c. 303 Larkln. Wed.,Sat.,Oakld, 532 22<1 j
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy, st
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
Ft., room 14. '
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all, to-night; 10c
RAYMOND, boy medium, grand trumpet se-
• nnce to-night: tests to all. 509 Gough st •
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission St..
nr 13th— Circle fun. . >rc. 2".e: rfttlne-s fia'iv.
CLAIRVOYANTS. \
ONE THOUSAND CALLERS SINCE MAY 1.
• NAAMAN, Russian seer, clairvoyant and ad-
viser, has satisfied 1000 people In this city since
his arrival; he has told them "their names and
many strange and wonderful things. He gives
advice on all matters of life Interest, disease,
mining, oil claims; settles family disputes;
nothing too difficult for him, as he has had 25
years' experience in all parts of the world. No
fee taken in advance and no charges made ex-
cept you are perfectly satisfied, and then his'
fee la $1.
Special attention given to the healing of dis-
ease by a new and wonderful power. Palmistry
and astrology taught; mediums developed In 2
months. Hours, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. 826 O'Farrell
St., bet. Maaon and Taylor. ¦ .
OIL AND MINERAL LOCATED. ,
MME. M. BERNARD, . . , . -
THE FAMOUS " . ,
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. ,
She reads yovr life correctly, gives an accur-'i
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are, in. trouble, discontented, un-'
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
¦ 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. . ' ;
ARRIVED "I.'. ARRIVED
MADAM I MONTAGUE . — = ¦
Clairvoyant and palmist. * * Are you '¦ anxious
, concerning- your '#Uure,, . love, marriage,
money, business, employment, health," etc. ?
Consult Madam Montague at once; holy power
and ' advice await you;- she' gives name?
. facts and dates; perfect satisfaction by mall;
hours 10 a.m., 8 p. m. 13S2 Market,, op." 7th.
MRS. DR. F. CIiARK, the well-known' trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
, . ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator.. Perfect satisfaction. guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
•with I special : terms.. Dally and 5 Sunday. • | •.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant.' tells past
and future; never' falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body;' cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. ' PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &¦ card'
reader, born with double' veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clair.-slt: $1 50., 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants and palm-
. ists; names and dates; 1, 26c; g. 50c; mall $t.
1511% Market, op. Van Ness ; tel. Mint . 1095.
ISMAR, 'the ; Egyptian ' gypsy, '- clairvoyant and
palmist,' permanently located 1148 Market,' op.
6th;- private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
REMOVED— Mme.' Sanders. 127. Mason at, medi-
um ; . palmist : ' teaches | mind j telegraphy; gives'
advice on all business; hours 12 to 8. ."•;',.;
MME. LAROSE. best ' clairvoyant, card read er, :
' test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st. cor. 8th.
MME. WALTERS, great 'card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c... 951 Mission, 1 nr. 6th;, open Sundays.
Mrs.* Mallory ; ' clairvoyant ;¦ card .reader : V hen
¦ all fall consult me; 1.' 25c, g. 50c.-, 917 Jloward.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card-reader; •"• la-
dles25c; gents 50c. 132, Sixth st.' ¦¦..; • -; . •
MRS. MELVILL,' well-known 'clairvoyant water,
reader. 11,6th; German spoken; tel. Howard, 1846
• MEETIXG NOTICES—ContlnBed.^
THE members of the funeral com-' v ¦
mittc-e of Germania I-odge No. j5h5«X^
116. I. O. O. F.. are requested to *'s?«?^S?
rowt at Odd Fellows' Hall. SUN- ,"'
DAY. June 2, at 1 p. m. sharp to attend the
funeral of our late brother, H. HEMPEL.
¦ By order of the N. G. ¦
E. ROTGER. Financial Secretary. .
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. .jsaSHtofc,
F.. tvirne:- Sixteenth and Valen- rfiPSjK- '
da sts.— A double Initiation and
election of officers, TUESDAY,- it??*3n
June 4. ¦ Members are requested and sojourn-
ing brothers cordially invited to attend. By
order, - S. F. THOMPSON. N. G.
A. S. CRONK. , R. S. . " . ; "
EUREKA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D.— The
officers and the funeral committee of the tQQ
above grove are hereby notified to assem-
ble at Druids' Hall. *13 Sutter St.. on SUN-
DAY. June 2. at 1 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose cf attending the funeral of our late
brother. H. E. HEMPEL. P. A. By order of
the N. A. CHAS. QUAST. Secretary.
SERVIAN Montenegrin L. & B. *_
Society will hold its twenty-first JjVv^ft
annual picnic In Buena Vista _Jzu$cE__
Park, Sausallto. THIS DAY. SJ^^Vq
June 2. All members of the fllr^rjnral '
society are requested to be pres- !nS''jJJSS.''M
ent at 9 a. m. sharp at the. ¦ ftfot? VfMff -
- society hall, 909 Market St., from <A^ffij*M/
where the society will march ¦
and. take the 10 o'clock boat for • '
Sausallto. /
S. OERUNOVTCH. President.
S, SARGENTICH, Secretary.
FOURTH of July.. Shell Mound Park. . r»v
Berkeley— Nineteenth annual' path- J. QjJ
ering and games of the San Fran-
dsco Scottish Thistle Club; ' new '*ac5»
features; great programme. ' •
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON', Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Aerie No. 5. F. O. E.— You
are requested to meet at their hall SUNDAY,
June 2. at 1:30. for tne purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother, BART HART,
a member of Eureka Aerie, No. 130. By order
of the aerie. GUSTAV POHLMANN, .
'. '.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
AGEXTS WASTED.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair; will
net Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin; personal • demonstrations free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., agcy., 426 Ellis.
AGENTS to solicit stock subscriptions for a
reputable local building and loan associa-
tion; large commissions. Send name and ad-
: dress to box 3296, Call office, and receive
further information.
AGENTS — Do you want something- more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. FELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
; ATTORKEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
DATH CABIXETS.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON, Niagara, Per-
fectlon and others. Agency. 426 Ellis st.. S. F.
DOAKDI.\U FOR CHILUREX.
MOTHER'S care and instruction In music; ad-
vertiser can accept 5 children to board; ages
4 to 12 years; rates, is a month. Call room 2,
917 Market St., opi>osite Mason.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 246 Clementina et.
A GOOD country home for children with best
¦ of care.' 933 Forty-sixth St., Oakland.
* OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
rare-sunny yari1:nr.school:reasonable.liS07 Cal.
BUS1MSSS CUA.VCES.
$2250— GROCERY; no bar; Western Add.; horsei
, wagon, cart, stable, living rooms; good busi-
ness. PACIFIC REAL ESTATE, 765 Market
$275— FRUIT and vegetable store, horse and
wagon. PACIFIC REAL ESTATE. 765 Market
$3000— RESTAURANT. 9 rooms upstairs; best
location; big receipts; .low rent; a bargain.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO., 765 Market.
$1S5O— SALOON, fine location, near . Market st ;
splendid business: principal street. PACIFIC
REAL ESTATE CO., 765 Market.
A— $4000; CHOICE piece real estate. Improved;
75 feet front, 240 feet" deep; a sacrifice.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO., 765 Market.
$600— BARBER shop; good location: lease.
PACIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.^ 765 Market.
AAA— $300; downtown cigar stand; good value.
J600— Grocer}', branch bakery; good location.
$1100— Union restaurant; no competition;
nr. 2 factories; good proposition: Investigate.
J500 — Saloon on Market st.
$600— Clg-ar store; best location; night trade.
$500— Saloon; merchants' lunch; good.
$400— Cigars, notions; E. Oak.; fine for couple..
$1000— Road house; splendid location.
AAA— 100 cigar stands; 200 groceries and
bars; 300 candy and icecream parlors; 500 res-
taurants; hundreds of businesses to choose
from. Call In and see what we can offer you.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st.
A— FOR private sale: some of best saloons In
city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
SOUND investments for capitalists.
Hotels for sale.
Lodglngr-houses. ' ' , .
Grocery 6tores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale; some for ex-
change.
Buslnefs property paying 6 per cent net on
¦ investment -
Colony property from 10 to 20 ar-res.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains. 952
Broadway, Oakland.
A— CANDY store in Western Addition $350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 5C0
Saloon in business district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-
ing-house ; 800
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st 2C00
Merchandise business in good town 12<V)
Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 400<l
Stationery stores, cigar stands.' bath houses,
delicacy stores, in all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL & CO., 1032 Market st
$1250— ACTIVE man wanted as a partner In a
boarding and livery stable: pure profit of $100
a month to each; good value in sight. DON-
NELLY CO . 632 Market st.
I HAVE bsreains in groceries and bnrb, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 769 MUt.
WELL-ESTABLISHED millinery business for
sale, owing to owner's departure from State;
jrood location. For particulars apply BUT-
LER. SCHUTZE CO.. 723 Market St. |
AN elegantly furnished family hotel of fifty
rooms: cost abort $10,000 to furnish;- ca;i be
. bought cheap for cash, or $4000 cash Lnd bal-
ance ea?y payments; strictly first class: noth-
ing better In dty. Box 3301, Call office. ¦
$2C3>-MANUFACTURINO business; establish^
ed three years and raying a profit of over
60 per cent: goods well advertised and in de-
mand: business made a larger profit than
amount invested last j-ear; personal Inter- i
view only. Box 33C9, Call office. ' ? . ; ,
WANTED— To buy an interest In a well estab-
lished business or manufacturing concern
where purchaser can take charge of office
and books. Address, stating kind of business
and amount of capital required, box 3362, Call.
POULTRY, 200 laying hens, 300 young thor-
ouKhbred stock; big sacrifice to sell: full
value In sight: expenses paid for * till No-
vember. Standard Poultry Yards, Fitchburg,
Alameda. < ¦ .
YOUNG, hf-althy prospector wants party fur-
nish necessary means prospecting trip Alas-
ka, vicinity Nome, for half Interest: refer-
ences given. Address SAMUEL BALL, So-
nora. .
A— $1W); RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and wife. 436 Fourth st 4
WANTED— Capital for a large manufacturing
enterprise; big Investment; Investigate; none
but responplbles need answer. Box 3398, Call.
WE have a select list of stocks and bonds to
. offer Investors, paying 5 to-15 per cent. West
, Coast Investment Co., Phelan building. ¦
RICH eold mines; early dividends: free trip
to Investors $10CO or more; price shares tem-
porarily reduce'd. Box 3391,- Call office., ¦'
$»W— PARTNER wanted in old-established busl-
ness; a young man with knowledge of hard-
ware preferred. Box 3377, Call.*- .
GOOD paying dairy depot; this is a bargain;
price $250: Investigate and make offer; living
rooms. Box S379, Call office.. . •¦;. . . ,1
$650 — SALOON and fixtures: selling on account
¦ of sickness. Call at 610 Sixth. St. . . ¦
A SMALL milk ranch. for sale cheap; 1 cause
¦ sickness. Inquire M. LEVY, Mission road,'
near ¦ Five-mile House. ,\ .
STOCK and Improvements- ( of Potrero poultry
yards; will take cow In part payment Ap-
ply 404 Carolina st * ~ . : ' •
|200— STOCK and Improvements of chicken
ranch; rent $5. . C. E. GOULD. Seminary
ave., Fruitvale. ;" . • •
f, FLATS v TO i ' urm-CoatJaBejI.^
NATOMAl 714— Flat- of 4 sunny ; rooms ; large
yard ; cellar; no children; $10."
TO let— Modern flat, i recently built; « rooms.
_bath, yard and basement VH35 O'Farrell st.
TO let— Flat of S rooms. 1331 Pine st. east of
'-Larkin. . "¦ . " - ' ¦
4-ROOM flat: large yard and stable. 8 Hay-
? ward st., near Eighth. - ~ •
119 60-LOWER sunny; 8 rooms, bath,* yard. 41
- Hill : st; near Guerrero. , >." . -' ¦
$20— FIVE sunny, modern rooms; middle flat
1229 Clay st. . _ ..'•:- ¦- =¦ : "•-'-'
$32 50-SUNNY corner flat. 8 rooms . and bath.
218 Van Ness ave. . . - „ JS&tfeftSfcSw.
¦¦ — -— ggg=i
. " FLATS ' TO LKT-— PnrntMheil.
Elegantly, furnished flat, best location, north
¦ Market/clears $40. acct. depart. Bx 3371, Call.
HANDSOMELY furnished 7-room ' sunny flat ;
reasonable rent 1609 McAllister st. ¦ •
SUNNY corner " upper flat, six rooms, "bath.
. piano, telephone, gas range. 436 Buchanan st.
, FDR.MTURE FOR. SALE. •
WE will furnish your house on monthly, pay-
'¦¦. ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., ' 128
and 132 Ellis st •
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $43 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. -
AUCTIONEER John. Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
I sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets.etc.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro &. Co.. 240 Stockton st; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE " disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928, Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS." LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
* Stewardess and 2 waitresses, springs, see
party here Monday.
10 waitresses, different springs, fare paid. .$20
5 waitresses, Santa Cruz... .$20
2 waitresses, Red Bluff, fare paid. $20
2 waitresses, short distance north $20
2 waitresses, different places south, fare
paid ..........'.... $20
Waitress, summer resort, see party here.. ..$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, short distance. $20
10 waitresses, different commercial hotels. .$20
Chambermaid to wait, summer resort....... $20
10 waitresses & chambermaid to wait, city. $20
¦ Laundress, country hotel ......$20
Pantry woman, springs, see party here $25
Head waitress and 2 waitresses, springs, see
party here. .
: .......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any woman or girl looking for a situation as
cook/ housework, second work, nurse, cook for
dairies, lumber camps, etc., can obtain same
by applying to ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
MISS HORGAN, 323 Sutter st. ~~
Competent cook for country $30 to $35
3 German cooks, city.' $30
Swedish or German houseglrl .....$25
6 Girls for general housework ..$25
8 Housework girls for country KM to ?25
Cook for.camping party, Sausallto ...,$r3
10 Girls for light housework $15 to $20
WANTED Monday morning— Cooks, waitresses,
girls for housewcrk, etc., at $20 to $30, to fill
our large number of situations In city and
•country;, too many to. particularize In- an
advertisement; rail and select a situation at
once all who wish work. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. . . ,
A FEW experienced ooerators and a number
of bright girls to learn. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, Gough and Grow sts. I
WANTED — 200 operators on . overalls and
shirts for a union factory. Apply at office of
United Garment Workers of America, room
; 205, Emma Spreckels building, W7 Market st.
WANTED— Competent German or. Scandina-
vian girl for general housework and' cooking:
no windows - or washing; wages $25. .Apply
1 2710 Broadway Monday morning;.
A FEW women to make ladles' underwear at
home; also a first-class neckwear operator
¦ to work in factory. • 21 ganaome st
WANTED — Unincurobered woman for respon-
sible position; doctor's widow preferred;' sal-
ary and expenses; references. Box 3395. Call.
I WANTED— 2 bright intelligent ladies to take
i a course with DR. McLEAN. Hair Physician.
to open branch. agencies. Room 212. Call big.
A GERMAN or French . girl or woman to as-
, slst In general housework; wages $15. Apply
1032 Sanchez st, near Twenty- fourth.
WANTED— Middle aged woman for ¦ general
housework and /cooking: sleep home; 120; ref-
erences required. Box 3372, Call office. " .._
WANTED— A Swedish or German girl for, gen-
eral housework In Alameda. - Apply 531 Cen-
tral ave., 2nd station, narrow gauge.
STRONG younc woman to wash silver and
glasses In restaurant. Call Sunday morning,
127 Mason st. . . ¦ ¦ :
I OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. .W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mls.ilon Bt. cor-
ner Second.
WANTED— Apprentice for millinery. Room 23,
26 O'Farrell st. . ¦ ,
WANTED— A competent colored girl for gen-
eral housework and cooking. 1434 Golden Gate.
TYPEWRITER and office assistant; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 3349, CalL
APPRENTICES on vests. 724% Market st,
rooms 26 and 27.
FINISHERS on > coats and operators. J.
BLOOM, 631% Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS vest operator; good salary;
steady position. H. HILP, 106 Battery st
60 GIRLS wanted. Apply at Long Syrup Ref.
Co.. Eighth and Bran nan sts.
WANTED— A middle-aged lady for housework.
Apply at 24 Sixth st. .
WANTED— A good cook in a boardine ' house.'
2030 Seventeenth st. cor. Vermont st. . • ¦
FINISHERS on vests. BELASCO A HARIUS
CO., Wl Market st . . *
DRESSMAKER'S help wanted. 12O7V4'Bush
st. near Hyde.
WAITRESS wanted! Central Restaurant, 1191
Market, st ; ' . - .. , ' .•;
FIRST-CLASS tatloress- on good custom coats.
"*. 631% - Stevenson st. ~ ¦• . - •
WAITRESS wanted. 807 Third st.
WANTED— Tailoress on vests. 604 Merchant
' st, '• room 15.
SHIRT, overall: and buttonhole operators
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410% Mission st.
WANTED— Pants finishers. -Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary it..
McDowell's Dressmaking and Millinery School
Is oldest, largest and best conducted school
3 west of Chicago. Send for circular giving full
explanations. Most complete course of ir.lln-
: nery taught. J Cloth models and late patterns
.Just arrived -from New York. . 1019 Market tt.
A NURSE girl used to young baby, 16 to -18
years of age, one who cap do some mending,
$12-$15. . Apply 233 Third ave., Richmond Dls-
.. trlct; take Geary or Sutter st cars; car fare
1 paid. . Apply to-day nnd to-morrow (Sunday.)
ALL' are notified to redeem their articles lm-
•v mediately, as I am going 1 out of business.
UNCLE ; HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
* ¦, self-assertion ; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Good machine operator. 1139 Mis-
' slon. st. ... .
WANTED— Young -girl for light housework and
„ assist, .with young child. 635 Frederick st.
LADIES seriously wishing to marry send ad-
dress and description to Mrs. Hertz. 708 Ellis.
HAIRDRESS1NG. thoroughly taught in Jwks.;
' entire course $3; positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start Halrdresslng College, 574 Geary.
OPERATORS wanted at Lavi Strauss A Co. 'a
": ... overall ¦ factory, 33% Fremont st ¦ Apply to
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply , 123 Clay
st, upstairs," between 8 and 10 a. m.
GIRLS from 15 to 13 years of age. Apply at
; once. AMES A; HARRIS. 100 Sacramento St.
GIRLB wanted/. Bookblndery. E38 Clay . ¦£ <i
""'"•" ._!-fl I 'y >yAXTKU -MALE.
MAN, • upright 'character. : to 'manage business
.of. old house; salary $18 weekly and expenses
payable weekly from .headquarters; expense
money advanced;- permanent: references.
Standard House, 354 Caxton bldg.. , Chicago.
.WANTED— Reliable solicitors for Job printing
;.,THE PAYNE ART AND PT. COT M6 How-
¦_-. ard St.- .- .-;;«.%.' _.• ... .. ;• ¦..- . .,>¦. ...?
¦WANTED- Pressers ' on • pants. Apply factory
/of S. N./WOOP & CO.. 27 Gear/ >,t. ; ,T^ T
BOYS wanted. /Apply 111 Clay »t.
A YOUNG man, with some knowledge of-cut-
• tlngr E underwear; ;. good ;. steady position. a
:¦'¦ Sansome st. •¦;;-.;.¦*.."..-,-¦,-..¦.¦"_• : _ - : .,
PAINTERS— I want to borrow 4 - falls and
- hooks. Address. D., box 3389,' Call office.
- CLArRVOYAIVTS—Contlnnf fl. , ¦
ISMAR. THE GYPSY. , ;
. ISMAR,. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain . years ahead ; " happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible. were It not for a lack."" .' in-
sight into the future.- If you are in trouble of
any, kind; .'discontented, unhappy or not' satis-
fied in life, < consult ISMAR.'.for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb In thousands ' of ' homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted^ dally from 1Q a.' m. to 5 p. .m., Sun-
days . by ' appointment only, at her office. 1148
Market St.. opp. Sixth. By mall three ques-
tlons answered, jl. .Full- life reading, $5.- .'-
WONDERFUL clairvoyant; what he tells comes
-' true; send 10c & birthday. J. MYERS, Lincoln
Park stn.. Chicago. . i . :, ,.
MONK! ¦- Clairvoyant , test - medium; . circles
Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday 8 p. ra., 23c. 139
Taylor st. y. f ..: -'. . '':' -. •'¦' ; :
FOR 'peace of mind see Mesmar, the great
Vclalr., life reader;, truth" only. 1152 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, : clalrvcftrant card . reader:
, sittings dally. 448% Jessie st, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. ' AUGUST, clairvoyant, card . reader and
\ palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. ,.1149 Mission/
MME. ; RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c Vip. 5 Fourth st. •
CARPET nEJATING AND CLKANI.XU.
WHEN you become disgusted with' poor work
. send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357^Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter. st;
tel. Main 394. , GEO. • WALCOM. Proprietor. -.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO., -reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ova tors. '25-27 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 106L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeingr company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. •¦-'>: ¦
CITY > Steam Carpet -Beating .Works. G. H.
, STEVENS/ mgr... 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-'
v TON, 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944. . ¦
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. ';: telephone East 126.
V. CHIROPODISTS. .
INGROWN nails, ' bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalns: tmlnlegw cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
'; COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. —
COTTAGES TO LET: :
FOR rent— Comfortable 4-room : cottage; gas,
etc.; $16. 409 Twenty-ninth st. . ¦
LOVELY, sunny cottage: water, free. 637 Do-
. lores st. near, Twentieth. - *
. DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Ma£
ket st; cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions- done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $1 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a; m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays." 9 to 2
p. m. "J. ,-W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
ond filings; , extractions or fllllnps by my
wonderful secret. - painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students; . advice .free; prices
cheapest anrl. guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEOHGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; filling?,
EOc: plates. ¦$.=>: full set: all work painless and
.warranter*. Chicago Dentnl Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT flpnt'pt in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
nnrt brlrtpe work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st.. cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
A NEW thing In gold filling: no hammering as
before: ahsolutely no pain: Investigate; exam-
inations frpp Ideal Dental Co..fi K<l(1v.r.44&S2.
P.ARTS Dental Parlors, 2S5 Kearny. cor. Bunh —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. S3: fillings, 25c.
Dn R. L. WALSH.SIB'SJ Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;nlates J5. up:phone Polk1l33.
DR. H.'G. TRUMAN.' dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy .bldg.
LOWEST orices in S. F. . Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 960 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st , corner Sixth. >
SET of teeth' without plate. DR. H.' G.
TOT7NT,. 1341 Polk !»t. .-..-.
nRKSSMAKFRSAXD SKAMSTUKSSES
McDOWELL' Dressmaking & millinery School—
- Class rates; 'patterns cut. '1019 Market St. . : '
ACCORDEON pleating; country 'orders prompt
• attention. J?l Pof't.? nver OTnnnnr h Mnffatt.
, . educational. ";•'.:
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. -Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, . typing" and .bookkeeping; Robert
F: Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Font at,
B. . F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,'
electrical and mlntn* engineering, etc; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st. — Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50: individual
j instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
I A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
-school for the university, law and medical
I colleges: references. President Jordan or any
j Etanford professor. Phelan building. : ¦
j CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has poal-
| lions guaranteed to It by written contract and
I' can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln St. . '
ACTING, -elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
- associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec..mlning,mech..sur-
- vey, as^ay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
'derNailien School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL coarse . of Ellis bookkeeping and ¦ the
/Gregg shorthand ffosts only 160. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st '
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
I college graduates: bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR.-, exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg.: |
MERRILL-MILLER College! shorthand and
typing-, removed to new quarters, ran. 40-45.
Parrott bide.. Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, erullar. bnnjn. man-
. dolin • lessons, 50c. W. P. CHAMBERS. 241
.Taylor, st
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1C08 Mission St., nr.,6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 312 Montgomery at.
Munson. School Shorthand.Tvplng.Bookkeeplr.g.
, .Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, p>\
PIANO lessons at pupils', home, BOc per hour.
Box 3373, Call office. . ' . /' / \
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplnc. grammar, writing, !
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo., 1024 Ml>« ton. nr.'6th. j
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional - diseases.
¦ Drs.-K. & K.'s Klectrlf Pfintfarliim. « Mawon.
s EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE i Employment Office and House-
eleamlng.Co. ; best . help ; send ' men ¦ at •. short
notice. Il25 Sutter. nr. Folk;. tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, . . waiters and ! house J servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.., 421* Post st. ; tel. Bush 135. ;
ORPHEUM Kmployment Office— Japanese.. Chl-
• nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Butter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 215 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE* and Japanese l employment . office—^
' Best help. 411U. O'Farrell St. : tel.' East. 426.
EM PLOYMEXT \ WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH cook ; very ' best ref erencts, ! : wants
-position in city: $30 to $40.' MRS. M. E. DAY
. & CO., 335 Geary st.,' • ' ' :¦ ' . . •
FIRST-CLASS cook, 4 years last place, i now
open to< engagement; $30. MRS.M. E. DAY
V & CO..- 335 Geary, st.-,- ¦ ' . •' ; - -v " ¦ ¦ n , ¦•¦: . ': •; ¦ ' '
YOUNG cook and; second; girl want places to-
gether: city. references. '• MRS. M. E. DAY &
.CO., 325 Geary, st; V "... . .' . ¦;" : >.-.-
GERMAN', man" and wife, first -class,' want'
: place," city or country.. MRS. M.:B.;DAY &
. CO.,' S35iGeary, st. , i -,7 : , . -.¦..,.•:' -..:"..' v ;
MOTHER "and ,-iaughter want, places together,'
country, as cook and second girl.^ 1 MRS.- M.-
J E. DAY & ; CO..-E35;Gearyst. . ;- -
A' competent colored 'cook desires situation, city
' or. country;; ref. y MISS CULLEN; 325 Sutter.
A; FIRST-CLASS . German cook >. desires nitua-
: tlon; tbest-'of references: -'city > or ' ccuntry.
\, MISS. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. . " ' ,.V ; ;' :,¦ r
Respectable 1 ! young : married woman -with child
yrs. of age. would like situation a»^worklng
¦ _• housekeeper.' 'Address ; II. P. . 153C j Masonic ave. j
A TRAINED ; nurse from ¦ the East would t like
¦:. the v cure ¦-. of " an 1 invalid."' Address • MISS ' Mc-
» ; LEOD, ' 12S9 O' Farrell ' st.,' Y. W. \ C. A. ¦ . . :'• i
'A YOUNG ; girl wishes . to \ take j care ' of : children
. J and j to : assist -with I ujalairs I work ; I wages $15 ;
, -oityor country. 'Box 3356," Call offlw r .' ¦. ¦•.¦;
A— MURRAY & -READY. Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
..WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY..
4283 men for different positions, all parts of
California. Nevada. Arizona. $106 to $20 and
found. • • ' • "' -
'. ......L.WE SHIP MONDAY
- 50 teamsters, Ukiah, $2 day. free fare
60 laborers. Ukiah, S2 day. free fare
. S. P. R.-R. CO.'S OWN WORK
• Los Angeles and Santa Barbara Division.
125 laborers, section, steel, balia3t. rock and
other gangs. $1 75 to $2 50 day. free fare
........r.FOR A NEW SAWMILL CO
10 more laborers to work in mills, yards and
woods, no experience required, steady Job
. year. round, $25 to $65 -and found, special re-
duced railroad rates, •
5 crosscut sawyers, $35, free fare; sawyer,
V teamsters cant hook men. setters and edger-
men. $35. $40 and $43. $3 SO and $3 day. saw-
mill company. . Arizona, special reduced rall-
yf..? 1 MECHAN1CALHELP
5 more carpenters, sawmill company
$60 and found
PaintVrV'piain "work ....$40 and found
9 blacksmiths, different country shops. $3 oO
and $3 day; 4 ranch blacksmiths. $40 and $53
and found; 3 helpers...-....... — .
"...FOR A NEW MINE ••••"••
« muckers. $60; 6 laborers, surface work. $60;
3 machine miners. $90; 13 laborers no ex-
perience required, for different mines. $60.
150 $34 and $30 and found
„;-..... LABORERS-TEAMSTERS
5 more men to handle grain. $2 oO day; 4
labored. San Mateo County. $52: 10 laborers,
quarry. $2 day: 10 laborers, pick and shovel.
$27 50 board and lodging; 150 laborers, city
U men and boys to pick and work .In fruit.
t30- 27 haymakers, run mowers, Jl Zo aay,
$175 day 58 farmers, orchard and vineyard.
$"6 $30 and *35; 15 milkers. $30 and $35; cheese
makeV- 7 stablemen and buggy washers. $50.
$40 and ?30 and found; milk wagon driver;
¦8S32 In^otS help-butchers:
$65 $50 and $30 and found; 9 ranch cooks. $2o
i and $To; 4 coo^s; haypresS and harvest crews;
3 camp cooks,, $35 and $4o; 9 cooks. $30 to
$50; 17 waiters, $30 and $35: foreman baker
and 7 bakers, different places^ $60. M ami
$40- veeetablemen, kitchen hands, etc. MU.K-
RA'Y & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
7 SPECIAL
¦*"¦'„ To-'day. Sunday
To-day, Sunday •• •»
Xt c - N E^ N Riii°RoAD hS&K^!:
56'Teamsters.Ship to-night.. free fare..Trucke»
50 Laborers.. Ship to-night- free fare.-Truckw
100 tunnelmen. drillers and muckers.. $2. $2 50
For Chatsworth Park. .Ship to-night.. free fare
50 Laborers.. ..Ballasting track.... Coast Road
B0 Laborers, Santa Barbara & I*.' A. WtWoti
Ship to-night Free Fare Ship to-night
50 Teamsters, ship dally, free fare. TTklai.-g
50 Laborers, ship dally, free fare. Ukiah.. ..$3
MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener, good greenhouse man, country, $35
" and found: mining blacksmith. $3 a day;
horseshoer. R. R. camp, $3 50 a day
blacksmith helper, country $2 50; 6 laborers ror
mine, $2 a day; 20 farmers. M and $1 25 a day;
10 milkers. $30; choremen, $20 and $25: German
grocery clerk and tend bar, $25. see boss here.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Lunchman. $50; baker and pastry cook, hotel.
$60; second cook and baker, resort. $50; second
cooks fryers and broilers, $60 and $50; 6 bread
and cake bakers; 8 hotel waiters, country. $30
and $25; dishwashera and kitchen hands, $30
and $25; silver man, country hotel, $25 and
fare paid; 10 bellboys, $15 to $30; all-round
laundry man, summer resort, $30; polisher,
country, $35. ., ¦ _
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary at.
A— SUB-CONTRACTS to let for grading oa
California and Northwestern Railway, above
Ukiah. For particulars address MUIR BROS.
6 MUIR. Ukiah. Cal., or C. R. HANSEN *
CO.. 104 Geary St. S. F.
A— WANTED— To hire. 20 teams suitable for
railroad scraper work; $15 per month. Apply
to'C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Wi Geary St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
53 Third st. ; phone. Bush 405.
Carload of railroad laborers, S. P. C. own
. work, for Santa Barbara division
Free fare.. .....'.. .Free fare.. Free fare
10 men for lumber woods free fare
4 redwood tiemakers. lie ...free fare
.4 men to make pickets.. $S per thousand
8 men to pile lumber, $35 to $45 per mo and bd
15 men for rock crusher $2 to $2 £5 per day
Can let contract to cut 30CO corda of pine and
oak wood, $1 40 cord; tools and provisions fur.
Cook for camp $35 per month
•' 2 machinists, country $4 for 9 hours
6 all-round farm hands $t 25 per day
13 haymakers $1 25 to $2 per day
j Cook for boarding car... $30 per month
Cook for ranch, 5 to 10 men, modern kitchen
$25
Stableman, country.. $26 to $30 per month,
Man and wife for small ranch.
$35 to $40 per month
8 rough carpenters. $2 60 per day
_ 6 men for quarry $2 to $2 25 per" day
Office open Sunday until 12 m.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207.'
I. LESS, Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
MAN to travel, to hustle, not loaf; position
a and . salary good: give references; enclose,
self-addressed stamped envelope. D. Co., 32S-
334 Dearborn st, Chicago. -
WANTED— For Fourth of July celebration in
Salinas, an aeronaut, a trapeze performer
and a tightrope walker. Address W. R.
HAWKINS, secretary celebration committee,
Salinas, Cal., giving references and prices.
TRAVELING salesman wanted for established
house; no technical knowledge necessary, but
simply all-around hustler of good appearance
and .address; first-class line; special con-
tract; entire time required. Box 334, De-
troit, Mich. . '
YOUNG man to drive delivery wagon; must
have experience In Western Addition; 'wage*
$7 a week. Apply to-day from 9 to 12. Blum's
'Confectionery, corner of Polk and Sutter sta.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladies*
wrappers; electric power; steady work: good
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st
"WANTED — Canvassers for enlargement of, por-
traits. The Payne Art and Portrait Co.. 83<
Howard st.
TWO Al furnishing goods salesmen. ROOti
BROS. .
WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; pema-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. ¦ .^
WANTED — Good cook for country hot?!; $50 %
. month. Apply 816 Clayst-
BARBERS— Snap; 2 chairs; f 40 week: other
business; sell at once. Room A. 935 Market.
STAIR builders, non-union, no office fees. Me-
¦ . chanica* Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
CARPENTERS wanted. Kl Third st
WOOD turner wanted for Monday mornin;.
Pacific Turning room. Berry St., near Sixth.
WANTED— A - cook for country family board-
*lngr house. Box 3400, Call office.
WANTED — Industrious man and women In
. every town to work for us at home. No
- canvassing. We will send work any * dis-
tance. Hava several lines of work to rl^9
: out; some requires no experience. If you
• can't devote the whole day to our work.
' you can earn $3 or $6 a week by working an
hour or two evenings. Address- Standard
Mfg. Co.. 142 West 23d st. New York.
WANTED— Three or four chair oak wood
modern barber's outfit or part thereof; must
be In ¦ first-class condition. Address "Bar-
Per." box 8338. Call office. .
WE can give steady employment to 100 first-
class book canvassers. WESTERN BOOK
COMPANY. Fresno. Cal. ' .' ¦
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
- trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
¦ tlonal. 304 Caxton bldg. J Chicago.
EOYS wanted. 16 to 13 years old: light work.
Apply to WEST COAST FURNITURE COM-
PANY. 43? Fourth St. .
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
? UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, ave.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enenry and push;
- good opportunity to risht man. F. PERSON.
. room 412, Parrott building.
ALL ilses men's shoca. slightly-damaged, halt
price, in Mission »t.. b»t. 1«t ami 2d sts.
COMPETENT man to , repair Wheeler & Wll-
, son sewing machines. 4 lOVi Mission - st
WANTED— Men to learn barber- trade: $60-
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
.we -can supply; tools presented; wages- Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy. season now;.
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. .
WANTED— Laborers and - mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 large
• rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. '
MAN to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply 519 Filbert* st. * :
MCDONALD & PERRY. have- BOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third et
GET your shoes half-soled while .waiting: 25c
to 50c. -563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 600 men to 'buy new and 2nd- hand,
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to ¦ learn barber ' trade : , eataloene mailed
free. S. F. Barber. School. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good '
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak English.' " For
further • information apply to th* Recruiting
"Office, .40 Elll» st. ¦" San Francisco. ' j
PANTSMAKER .for country. Apply. RElIi
BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st :
8AK FRAKCISCO CALL.
BtrSTNISS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay: ecen until 9:30 P. m. 1 ;'.-
800 Hayes Etreet: open until 9:50 p. m.
tSS McAllister etreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
CI6 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ontil S p. m. .
106 EHeventh street: open until 9 D. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until » o. m. _
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. m.
fTW) Flllmore ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
I AT ".Mfc STRAfiHERS' 3ABBATH HOMt
; • I (643) Howard ~L Methodist-Episcopa-
i ' - ' :: ' H Church Bet. ad & 3d Sts. Seats Free.
I II Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
latf •W£ A 1 1 1 1 urteous greeting > Await y»
ja.j| : A>j-|j>j VJUrdi*l welcome 5 . .;
rfi." fef fjt 11 a - ra — "The Conditions Prog-
jkLJ'.JK3r|i. res£"; anthem, "I Heard the
jSimlfi'if^ v oi« of Jesus Say" (Holden)j of-
HKfWHW»i fertorj". "The Home Land." by
- the Howard-street Quartet; 12:30,' Sunday-
ecbool and pastor's Bible class for strangers:
C. young people's rally; 7:80, song service In
popular tunes; sermon to working men on the
labor problem; offertory; soprano solo,
"Abide With Me," sung by Miss Flora Bol-
llnger. ¦_ .. . ¦*. - ¦'
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest cor-
ner Geary and Franklin sts. : Rev. Bradford
Leavltt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins, minis-
ter emeritus: Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of Sunday-school— The Sunday-Bchool
is at 10 o'clock; the morning service is at 11
. o'clock; Professor Burt Kstts Howard of
Stanford University will preach; subject.
"A Religion for Man"; muslo by quartet
choir. All are cordially Invited. There is
no evening service. ;':¦;¦ '..'¦¦•¦¦"¦.• .
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth 6t.; Rev. • E. F. IMnsmore,
minister; residence 825 Capp tt.— Sunday-
school at 9:45 o'clock; morning theme. "A
Liberal Religion." In the evening there will
' be a Beethoven concert. Sittings free. .
SlMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:46 p. m. ; in the evening the
monthly musical programme- will be given by
I the larre chorus under the direction of Mr.
Z. E. BleJc*. . In addition to several choruses
there will be a trio and a quartet for ladles'
voice* and eolos by Mr. Edward C. Boysen,
lire. F. R. Brace and Mr. Cecil Smith. Mr.
Edward Earie, cornetlst will play the offer-
tory. Seat* free. All invited.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis'
don St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D. Huuim>Uler will preach at 11 o'clock on
the topic, "A Beautiful Daughter . of the
World- and the Daughters of the King of
Beauty," and at 7:45 Dr. Hutsinplller will
(Hide the service and prominent officers of
the King's Daughters' Society will epealc
Beets free and the people welcome. ¦
YIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento st; Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D.D., aad Rev. W. K. Guthrle, ministers —
Service. 11 a. m.. Rev. W. K. Guthrle will
preach; Bernce, 7:45 p. m.. Rev. W. K. Guth-
rle -nil preach: Sabbath-school at 12:45 a. m.;
Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. m.;
tnid-week meeting, Wednesday, at 8 p. m.
Mr. Guthrie's residence. 2323 Pacific ave. ;
telephone Jackson 871. -
LEBANON Presbyterian Church, corner San-
chez and Twenty-third sts. ; pastor. Rev. R.
Logan, M. A.— Morning 6er\1ce, Rev. Dr.
'Wishard. the noted Utah divine, 'will speak:
evening service, 7:45. a memorial service. Old
soldiers will receive a. cordial welcome. Ap-
propriate music by the choir.
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
churches worship together, comer California
and Octavia sts. — Sen-Ices at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m-: Rev. George a. Eldrldffe will
preach; th» sacrament of the Lord's Supper
will be observed at the close of the morn-
ing service. All cordially Invited.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
sts.; Rev. Frederick W. Clampett D. D..
rector— Holy Communion. 7:30 and 11 a_ m. ;
morning service, 11 o'clock; evening prayer,
4 o'clock; Friday service, 11 a. m., for army
and navy. The rector will preach.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.: Rev. George C. Adams. D.D..
pastor — 11 a. m.. children' 6 day service, with
infant baptism; 7:45 p. m., sermon by the
pastor; theme. "The Home of Jesus and Its
Influence." AH cordially Invited.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. Druid
Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts. — Preach-
:Ing 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ; Elder Joseph
Burton is expected to preach at morning
hour. This church was organized by com-
mand of God to preach the "everlasting
gOFpel" as "sign** of the coming of Jesus
j Cliflst to Judge the world. ';.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 213 Sutter 6t, between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject, "God, the Only Cause and
Creator. " Sunday-school for children at the
same hour. Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock. Free readine-room, 2X16 Kearny st..
room C10. AH are welcome. :
EUGENE DEL MAR will lecture before the
First Mental Science Temple. 11 a. m.. Gold-
en Gate Hall. €26 Sutter st.: subject, "Hap-
piness"; good music will be provided: no
charge for admission; come and hear this
polished speaker. Collection will be taken up
to pay expense cf halL
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night in Odd Fellows' building, at 8 o'clock,
by Mis« M. A. Walsh; subject "Fate and
Free Will." -
MEETIXGS SUNDAY. »
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KEROAN lecture* *thifl
evening to gentlemen only at Crystal Hall,
Pythian Castle. $09 Market : st; * subject,
"Twentieth Century Facts for Gentlim?n"
(elaborately Illustrated); those attending may
procure free tickets to X-ray exhibition at
Sanitarium next Tues. eve.; seats free: no
collection; Thursday afternoon next lecture
ladles only. "Twentieth Century Facts for
Ladles" (appropriately illustrated), same hall.
JOHN SLATER, marvelous test medium, will
resume his grand seances to-night at 8:15
sharp; Scottish Hall, 107 Larkln; tests; mes-
sages and questions answered; admission 10c.
PARLOR health lecture and electrical exhlbl-
tion; souvenir X-ray pictures of your hand;
this evening, 8 o'clock. THE EDISON ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 751 Sutter st.
A— J. F. T. BIBLE Spiritual Church. Sunday
meetings. S09 Market st. 11 o'clock, f.eo; 2:30
and 8 p. m.. 10c Mr. Swire, Seeley, Maxwell,
others.
HRS. J. J. WHITNET. spiritual test meeting;
questions answered. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gou?h,
Ellis car; adm. 10c; 8 p. m.; sit tl; letter $2
OCCIDENTAL Hall, to-night Mrs. R. S. Lll-
lie will lecture; Mrs. : A. L. Glllesple will
give spirit messages; good music. •;
MRS. EBERHARDT'S test meeting to-night.
10c. 2250 Twenty-second st. between Mission
ond Valencia; phone Blue 951.
UNIVERSAL Spiritual Association. Templar
Hall, SOS Market st, meets at 12 to 4 p. m.
Strangers cordially Invited.
EDWARD BARLE In his wonderful, startling
and convincing tests; names in full, etc. 622
Geary 6t-, 8 o'clock. ¦ ,
MATERIALIZING seanc* to-night: readings
and eplrit photos dally. ARNOLD DICKSON
148 Sixth «t. ¦ '
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night 605 McAllister st, 10c; come,
skeptic*.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay; circle to-
nlfi-ht and Wednesday, S p. m. ; Tvesday, 2
p. m.
A— PROF. GEE. medmm. J06S Market opp.
Jones— Circles 2 and 8; 10c; satisfactory test.
CL V. MILLER'S materializing seance. 8 p.
m.. 50c. 1084 Bush et.. near Leavenworth.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to-night
at 8; 10c; sittings daily. 1 to IL 108 Sixth fct
MRS. STODDARD'S 10c circles that commence
Eur.uay. Tuesday: sittings daily. 2'.b Ninth.
W. O. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat; 10c. 148 Sixth st. 2d floor.
MRS. EVANS. 12J Sixth, r. 36; clr. to-niglu 8,
10c. and every eve, but Thur.: readings tially.
Katie HeuMmann| circle to-night; questions »n-
ewered. 25c; sltf.gg. 136. West Mission, nr. 13th.
MRS. GILLJNGHAM'S epiritual test meeting.'
. S p. m. ; 10c SOS Larkln st., cor. McAllister.
FREE lecture on palmistry, with free read-
ings for all at 8 this evening. 423 Ellis.
MRS. VIGARE' tert meeting to-night. 10c; slt-
tlngs dally. 148 Sixth gt.. room. 32.
MEETINGS Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Thecsophical
Society (non-political and un«ectArlan)—
Lodge No. 7 will hold its monthly public
meeting to-night at ¦ 8 o'clock; '.-subject.
"Phantoms of the Mind." by Dr. J. A.
Anderson; next Tues., 8 p.m., I. F Lropue
public meeting, subject "What Do You Be-
lieve;" musical selections; all invited: U B
hall. 810 OFarreU e»t
MEKTIXS \OTICES.
"*~*~~ X ; ~ ¦
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7," I. O. ft m
O. F.— The officers and the funeral v \f*
committee of the • above encampment "A
are hereby notified t6 epeemble at Odd * ' ¦ V
Fellows* Halt.' corner • Market and Seventh
«ts., on SUNDAY. June I, at 1 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of a r tend Ing the funeral of
our late brother ' and patriarch. HERMAN
HEMPEL.- Dy order cf.the chief patriarch.
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Scribe.THE SAX, FRANCISGO. > CALL,} SUNDAY; JUNE 2, 1901^
29
• ¦>?,-: PHYSIOGNOMIST. : .
FREE lectures byj Mary, O. ; Stanton, 810 Leav-
enworth — Faces read - from the audience ; Sun-
day, 8 o'clock; Thursdays at 3; lessons given.
• . r FKKSoSaLS. . •¦:
ABOUT your hair. It is to your interest to
- buy the Star Hair Remedy, because .' It ; not
. only . restores the color., but , cures dandruff,
stops falling", grows new, hair; Is. not a dye;
no stain to scalp or linen; leaves hair soft
and ellky; harmless. This peerless remedy sold
by druggists and hairdressers;' call. for It; do
1 not be persuaded to take any other. Can al-
i ' way» get it at our office, 885-387 Geary st. -
BEST nti earth— Ulood uolsoi. Itchnuc,. skin
diseases, rheumatism, plies, catarrh, any dis-
ease that 'doctors and old remedies have
,1 failed. . We guarantee • to cure 6ure. ; Call or
¦ write for full information to the old reliable
King Liniment ¦¦ Medicine ¦ Co.. permanently
located 628 Montgomery - st. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES. '
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
. on DR. G. S. MOORE. 48S Geary st.. and you
9 will not be disappointed; this remedy is posl-
• tively guaranteed: 'preparation scut to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
LA ROI! LA ROI— He restores youth and beau-
. ty; . beauty Is power: retain : It: wrinkles re-
moved from the . most withered ' drooping face
and neck: terms $1; home 10, to 4; tel. Brown
SO. 368 Geary st V y ' ~. ....'.-. .•- •
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $5: valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, - opium, nil drug . habits. MRS.
' WILLIAMS. 1*89 Polknt.. Ban Francisco.. |
A WOMAN on- exhibit! m, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other side made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist In charge. Call
N. Y. Inst. Permatolofrr. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
ALL afflicted with dandruff or bald heads
should consult free MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34
Kearny st: halrdresslnRr and manicuring; thfe
- electro radiator cures insomnia; circular free.
ELKCTRIC light, iu every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third i!t. near Market: 700 rooms;
. 2Rc to $150 per. night; f 1 CO to $8 per week;
free "bus and bafrsage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille-wove rugs.l silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to - order from ,. genuine
Rcotch. $15 up; .flne dress suit*. $W up; ele-
irant overcoats. $W up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Ma «-ket >t,. ThPtwifrn P-venth and Eighth. *
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
- no knife, plaster or pain; book nnd testi-
monial* mailed free. Cancer Institute. Ill
West Fnrtv-nf confi ' st. . N. ,T. - . : . ...
A REFINED widow. 30.' wishes the acquaint- ;
. ance of a gentleman of means: references ex- j
changed: object matrimony. Address box 3364,
Call office. . '
PARTIES of both sexes can get the latest num-
ber of, or r. matrimonial paper by writing, in-
oh'rtln* 10c; strictly confidential. Box 3357,
Call office. : - - - .
RELIA BLE business man, going East shortly,
will attend to any private business entrusted
to him; references if" desired. Box 3311, Call.
MATERNITY— Villa— Strictly .private: terms
mafinable; infants adopted into good homes.
. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. AlaniPda.
WHITE enamel iron beds, finale, three-quarter
or double." $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton gt.. near Broadway.-
WIDOWER. 44, with one son. -wishes to cor-
respond with a lady, view to matrimony; no
triflers. Box 3316, Call office. . .
WANTED— Home for little girl 11 yea.rs old In
nice, religious iamily. Box 3314. Call office.
La'llfi" and gents' cant-off clothing bought and
sold. .T. Silvemnan. 9X4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191. '
LADIES' tailor milts made to order: reasonable.
S.- KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clnth'nc Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. ;
Dr. Dur.ton:. diseases of men only: sanitarium
' Sfi9 riav «t. cor. Kearny: consultation free.
SPRING stvles Standard patterns now r»ady.
"Domertlo" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 8. ex-
cept Th. nnd Sat.; electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD pold. pilver. diamonds and precious atones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna : restores gray
hair to Its natural color: Si: at nil druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country -order*. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molea dentroye.1 with
electric nerdlp. MISS EATON, 1119 fiutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the" bast
oArn fiir*: 2Rr: nil druanrlRt*.
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent . cures here In your
, midst: many, who have . suffered 20 I to ; 30
years;- over fifty names of prominent busl-
nf»i men sent as_ref erence; . no , chlorcf orm,
surgery ""or ;''delay~ from ¦ business, ' and,, no
¦ Balves- for sale. • Particulars. ¦ address Physi-
clan. hox mo. Call office. S. ¦ F., Cal. 1 -.
PROPERTY, WASTED,
PROPERTY wanted— 3 to 10 acres; family
orchard; Iiouse, barn, etc. ; will lease yearly.
. Address • M.' PALMER, 105S Fifty-fourth st,
Oakland. •¦.',-.. ' . •
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE ft CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
' , : 218-220 Montgomery Street.
'".¦¦' A GREAT BARGAIN.
$M,500-^Three modern houses, 12 rooms and bath
each; rents $142 50; always rented; lot
60x137:6 feet; Washington st.. Inside of
Larkin.
FINE NEW RESIDENCE.
$6,600— Waller, st, near Masonic • ave. ; lot 25x
137:6 feet; 2 stories; brick foundation;
'. 10 rooms and bath. "
" . NEAR THE PARK.
$5,125— Waller st, near Broderick; lot 25x110
feet; residence of • 8 rooms and bath.
BIG BARGAIN.
$2S, 000— Northeast corner Sixth and Clementina
sts.; lot 35x80:6 feet; 2 stores with 22
rooms above; rent $160.
¦ IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$37,500— Close to Howard st. near Second; large
- ¦ lot 75x160 feet. ¦ through to rear street ;
present rents $115; should have new
building:.
- J FINE RESIDENCE.
• $9500— Southwest corner Laguna and Green
sts. : lot 25x100 feet; contains 10 rooms and
baths; open plumbing, .etc.
' * VAN NESS, NEAR PACIFIC.
¦ $S500— Van Ness-ave. residence; bargain: lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25x100 feet. -.,
. A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
—$13,500
North side, of Vallejo st, between Buchanan
and Webeter; lot 40 feet front by 317:6 feet In
depth; with modern residence of 12 rooms. and
2 baths; house about 6 years' old; Inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bargains
In marine-view homes ever put on the market;
lot $nd improvements have been appraised by
competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT. i
$7000— Rents $32 per month; south of Market
st, between Third and Fourth: call .at our
office for .full description. • j -. , . .
' SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montsomery st.. Mills building.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
• •• * 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
. IMPROVED. -•¦••• . •
$12,000-^-Unlon St., near. Taylor: 25:9x128:9; 3
modern Hats and rear house: rents $99 60. ' .
. $10,000— O'Farrell St., • near .Larkin; 25x120 to
rear street; house of 10 rooms. ;
$8250— McAllister st, near Steiner; 26:6x110;
house of 7. rooms and bath. ¦¦¦ - . . ;
$8000— Pacific »t.. near Powell; .40x60; store
and 3 fiats: rents J«3.
17000— Folsom 6t.,' near Fourth; store and flat;
rent $65; 25x80. V -V' -' * • /
?<S750— Vallejo et, near Laguna; 22:10x87:6;
house of 11 rooms and bath; rent $45. ' .
$5500— Buchanan St., near Post; 24x87:6; house
of 7 rooms and .- bath ; rent $35. ' .- . ;
$5123— Post St., near Bilker: 25x137:6;; 2 fiats;
rents $37. • '
•$6000— Leaven worth,, near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new flats; . rents • J41. --: . « , i
$Rn50— Corner. Leavenworth st and Broadway;
cottage and t flats; rents 111. -• ¦ -
- $5000— Sacramento, • near Walnut ; 25x100 ; i
2 new flats; rents $33. '
$4500— Pine st, .near. Buchanan; 25x110; house
of >1 rooms.- ¦¦: ' '. • ; . . ¦
$3900— Harriet st,' near, Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building-: rents. $40. " >
$3350— Clementina st. near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $25. .
. '' .., UNIMPROVED. \
« $5500— Greenwich st; near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
$5000— Capp, near. Twcr.ty-flf th ; 65x115. ;
. J4S00— Union" st., near 63:9x137 ;«. '. ':..¦
$3500— Fulton st, near Flllmore: 32:6x137:6.
¦ »300d— Laguna -»t., near Page; 25x100.-.- .
$2500— Corner Thirtieth , and • Dolores ; 1 26 :6xlOO.
NINE : MONEY-MAKING FLATS! .. ' ' . ¦-.¦:
Can be: built on the 80x80 . lot that we have
f or ' sale to close ! an estate on the east side
• of Lexington ave., • between Eighteenth / and
Nineteenth 1 sts. ; any reasonable | offer .will be
accepted; bids Invited from speculators and
' contractors ; the price asked Is $3500, but we
are open to offers; must be sold within thf
' week ; two houses in < rear of , lot ' now bring
'$20 per month. ' Apply'-* ' • . • v. •-„. .r^T.
• DOYLB-PRYAL CO
v 479 Valencia st, : near; Sixteenth'.' /.
FOR sale as , a whole or . In subdivisions; - 5U-
vara lot; south, line Union st; 137:6 feet east
-of - Pierce. - Lot, - northeast • corner -Green • and
, Pierce .: sts., - 103:6x137:* feet Inquire " of
CHARLES C. , BEMIS, Real ¦ Estate . Broker,
:.. 824: Montgomery st. . .- > ' ' ~* "-..; ';¦;•;• ¦-,-.
FOR SALS— New 4-room and bath . cottage;
eaay terms. 64 Prospect ave.. Mission. t
REAL E STATE — CITT— FOR SAUL •
EASTON. ELDRIDGE it CO..
¦¦ ' ' - 633 MARKET STREET.
' FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$40,000— Corner on Ninth st,' near Market, con-
, taining 4 stores and 2 flats and 4 largs- -
- houses; both streets are main business
streets and car lines on each; this prop-
* erty if Improved would pay 12 per cent
. per annum and an increased value in
the land Is assured in the Immediate fu-
ture; present lew rents $3120 per annum;
; ' lot 100x123 feet
• DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$14, SCO— Three well-built houses of 7 rooms and
bath each, near Post and Larkin sts.,
' " which, if Improved, would pay hand-
somely on the Investment: present low
rentals $1080 per annum; flne lot 50 foot
.frontage; land alone worth the , prte*
FORECLOSURE.
; . - Elegant Pacific Heights marine rlew '
residence; will be sold for mortgage and
interest: right of redemption almost ex- .
pi red: residence, 9 room and bath; larg*
lot, 30x117 feet; 2 frontages; the greatest
. bargain on Pacific Heights to-day.
MUST BE SOLD.
$11,000— Four well-built flats of 5. « rooma and
bath and house 11 rooma ; fine condition ;
always rented; stafeet bltuminized; ce-
ment walk; near 12th and Howard sts.:
rents $1260 per annum; large lot, SOx
131:6 feet
"WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$11,250— Three elegant modern up-to-date Sata
of 7 rooms and bath each, on the north
side of Sutter st. ; rents* $12C0 per an-
num; lot 25:4x137:5.
HAIGHT-STREET FLATS. !
$10,000 — Must be sold to close an estate; north
side street; magnificent view front and
¦"-_•. rear; never fdle: close to Market st: t
large flats, 6, 7. 7 rooms and bath each:
' modern in every detail: 30x137:6; bank
. mortgage 16000; rents $1020.
NEW MISSION CORNER FLATS.
$6000— Three elegant corner flats: modern In
' ? every detail without exception; only
$1500 cash needed ; balance can remain
.on flat or installment loan; will, rent
$840 per annum; 2S ft. front.
LOCATION.
Southeast corner . Sanchez and Clipper
sts.; Mission, 22d and Castro st cars;
owner on premises to-day bet 11 and 2.
i MISSION FLATS.
$8000— Four fine bay-window fiats to the- warm
belt; never vacant; 4 rooms and bath
.each; near Mission. and 24th sts.: rents
$720 per annum; large lot. 32:6x117:6 ft. -
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
NEAR THIRD AND FOLSOM STS.
$50CO— Fine Investment; three well-built flati
of 6. 5. 4 rooms and bath each-; never
vacant: Pays $624 per annum; lot 23x
112:6 feet. ¦ '
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
I4C0O— Pays bi* Interest: six flne well-built
flats of 4 and 3 rooms; good condition:
always rented; wide street; near 6th and
Howard sts.; rents $516 per annum; lot
23x112 feet.
•
NEW MISSION COTTAGE.
$2750— On your own terms: elegant modern eot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath: liarht and
sunny; all interior finishings and plumb-
ing of the latest pattern and design; lot
25x114 feet
$21.000— Entire Western Addition block frontln*
on Park; 412x273; 38 building lots thre*
blocks from Van Ness ave.: can sell this
for the assessed value and for one-half
of what opposite property sold for; will
consider trade; one-quarter cash, bal-
ance mortgage at C per cent.
EASTON. ELDR-TDGE & CO.,
'¦ . 638 Market street.
BURNHAM ft MARSH CO.
Splendid Investment
$85,000— Pays 6 per cent on $100,000. for a 4-
Btory and basement brick business property.
only 1 block from Union square.
Great Sacrifice. '
I35CO— Rent $S3 a month.
Store property, only on» block, from Mis-
sion and Sixth: wide street
Another Bargain.
$7500— Rent $65.
Extra large lot. 23x180 to rear street with
store and upper floor on Folsom, near Sixth.
Close to Van Ness avenue.
$7000— Rent '$87 50 a month.
Fine lot 35x107 and 3 flats; cheapest buy la
this location.
' Turk-street Corner.
$30,000— Choice corner, near Market street;
should be Improved; pay handsomely. .
, . - Geary-street Investment. .
: V ,. - $5650— Rent $35.
3 houses and lot 23x125. near Hamilton
8quare -
Market, Near Sixth.
18S3O— Back half of Market-street lot, pay-
ing $61 a > month; 511.500 refused for this
property three years ago.
An Elegant Home. *
$3250 for a 2-gtory residence and lot 27:«x
137:6; close to Jackson and Central avenue;
. flne vlew.j #
$17,800— R»nt $100.
50 feet corner, Howard, near Sixth, and ele-
gant 3-story building, leased to one tenant;
rent Increasing to $125. - -
. BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
• 20 Montgomery street
McAFEE BROTHERS, ' 1 •.*¦¦.' .
108 Montsomery st
VALLEJO-ST. LOT. ;
On, north side of Vallejo. between Scott and
Devlsadero; * size 34:4x137:6; elegant marina
view; price only $3500. "» ¦ *
, WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
Sunny house on NW. corner; 9 rooms and
bath; sun in every room; finished basement;
price $7500.
RENTS $65. PRICE $8100. , .
Four flne flats and coal yard on Natoma st,
near. Sixth; always rented. . . •
RENTS $66. PRICE HOOO.
House and flats on Vallejo st. In good con-
dition; new plumbing, etc.: always rented ; .
large lot 43:9x1*7:8; on north side of street. -
Fine large residence of 14 rooms on Buchanan
st.; in splendid location; very sunny lot; price
$15,000.
RENTS $63. PRICE $7000.
Three flats on Howard St.. between Twelfth
and Thirteenth; lot 23x137:6.
CAPP STREET.
8-room cottage- on Capp st, near Eighteenth;
30-ft lot; price $4000.
• . WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
On Sacramento St., near Webster; key lot.*
7 rooms and bath; price $4600; a quick sal*
des re . _ MISSION. .
2 flats* of 5 rooms each on Twenty-first st.;
lot 25x137:6; rents $27; price $3250.
. PACIFIC HEIGHTS. .
Cheap corner lot commanding marine view j
j on Pacific ave.; near flno residences; prlca
¦ CHEAP COTTAGE.
Twenty-seventh st, near Sanchez: S rooms
and basement: large lot: price onlyH2W.
GOUGH-ST. RESIDENCE. ;
Fine large residence on Gough st; 1-4 room*.
large lot 57:6x137:6; a fine home: price $18,000,.
\ LOTS! LOT8! LOTSl
All Ov«r Town. -
McAFEE BROTHERS,
.... . 108 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ;
Superior lots; choicest bargains; call and b*
convinced.
$100. $150. $200 to $350— Level Ocean Boule-
vard 'lots; ready to build on; near cars; $|
monthly. .
Select our Sunset lots: graded and sstrsred;
all bargains; building up rapidly; don't wait;
$500 to $900; Installments.'
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $800— We can positively suit you la
Richmond lots; easy terms. •
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st,
'cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly. • "^
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN COTTAGES OJf
EASY TERMS.
$4300— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and
driveway; 50x120; choicest street in Richmond.
13500— Best 'built 7-room- cottage; Richmond.
$2000— 6-room cottage; choice st. ; Richmond,
$1350 each— 2 splendid cottages In Sunset.
$1000— 3- room cottage: Richmond.* .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER! c
. " ¦ 84 Chronld* building.
MAKE a home secure In old aga by the aid ot
easy terms of JACOB HEYMAN COMPANT.
' $2650— New 6-room and bath; latest Improve-
ments; on Hoffman ave.. near Twenty-third
St.; street sewered and graded; close to Tw»n- .
ty- fourth st; electric road; agent, James Cot-
ter, on tract ; -. .
* $375— New 4-room and bath cottage; corner
lot, near Cortland ave. and;schoolhouse; Mis- 1 '
cion-st. car; easy. term*. > .-•-.;
- $100, $150. $20O and $SM:'park lots; great fu-
ture. ...
. Only two lots left fronting the boulevard, be-
tween J and K streets; street graded, ready
for building: a splendid place for a hotel, over-
looking the ocean; great future. - ' > . '
; $850— 28x120;. worth $1200; on Ninth are.. 106
feet north of Clement st, ' next to California; ¦
will -build if 'desired. ¦- ¦> -
' ' Elmhurst station— Acreage ground to sell la
the Alt v en tract, cheap: good for chicken
'¦ ranch. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter at.
POST-ST. PROPERTY FOR SALE. "
Lot south side of Post st; slxty-slx (88) feet
front;, situated between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
' ¦¦'¦ t iculars - apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11.- tenth floor. Mills building. - *-. .
Fox Additional Classified Ad vartiM-
' ' ¦ m$nts See Page . Thirty.
'fWWifniii him ilium *ffrfftnffmmBfcisriHnrFff I
REAL '/•¦ ESTAT&^ITT— FOR
BALDWIN , & HOWELL. 'C-: I
¦ . . ' .;. '¦'•- •: ' 10 Montgomery street
'¦'¦ "' : ¦•¦""¦'.'¦¦ $29,000— RENTS $180.'
Pays over 6% per cent net: new, 4-story and
basement building; close to Turk and Jones.,
- $25,000— DOWNTOWN. CORNER.
• Within one block of Market and Fifth sts.; X
stores and lodgings above; worth , Investigat-
ing ;> well rented.
: -- $11.500— RENTS $84 PER MONTH.
Corner 'well Improved. - very - close to new
Postofflce; always , rented: •¦ store, flat and 2-
story house. ¦ . " . . ' •
$8150— RENTS $900 PER YEAR.
Two almost new flats; swell location; In best
part - of Western Addition, near Washington
st; lot 25x110: best flats offered for sale. •
-, :. $20.000— RENTS $1860 PER YEAR. ."
Large. corner. 87:6x87:6; fully lmDroved and
always rented;, on car line, in Western . Addi-
tion, near Pierce st; must.be sold: I .. s '
$14.000— RENTS $1320 PE3R ' TEAR.
Two . up-to-date modern flats, facing Alta
plasa, I near Washington st. ; rented under
lease;, very swell. ¦ . . ¦ •¦
.:- • ¦ .-¦' $4000— COTTAGE HOME. \
Neat modern sunny oottage of 6 rooms and
bath; ¦¦ high - basement, .- garden. - eto. ; modern
plumbing; close. to Broderick and Washington
sts.; no better location; we have $3750 offered;
see it at once. •
$1600— A ¦ SWELL INVESTMENT.
Cottage renting for $10 per . month ; extra
large - lot, £0x50; must be sold - to close an
estate; near Folsom and Eighth sts.
. '' $7750— RENTS $864 PER - YEAR.
.Large returns for your Investment; extra lot
42x75; well improved and always rented; only
200 feet from corner of Mission and Sixth sts.
__ $7bOO^-— — RENTS $70 PER MONTH
Two new, flats on Shrader st. near Halght; 1
block from the ' Park; contains 7 rooms and
bath each; lot 25x134:8. - .
.« -52500 RENTS $35 U
Big interest on the investment; owner. must
sacrifice at once; 2 houses on Harrison and
Alabama sts., near , Nineteenth: investigate
this. . ¦ . • . . ¦ ' . .
——$8200 RENTS $762- ¦
Business property on Eighth st; short dis-
tance from Market; store; basement and flats;
lot 26xl37:«. ,
¦''"¦' ' ' BALDWIN. & HOWELL.
'.¦¦-¦ ' 10 Montsomery st
BUILDING LOTS ~
..Front the Park !.'.'.'..
. H st and Nlneteenth-ave. Boulevard
./....Prices moderate
...;.. ..Terms $10 per month
..........Interest 6 per cent on deferred payments
1 Lots Level.
Streets Macadamized.
Plank Sidewalks.
Official Grade.'
s Gas, 'Water and Mail Service. , -
• On Car Line.
..Better Class of New Homes
Branch Office at the Corner
of H st. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
Park; open. every day. Sundays and holidays;
don't delay, but Interest yourself in a home
lot i at once. Small first payments, balance . $10
per. month. . Interest 6 per cent on deferred
payments. ! *
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
¦ . . 10 Montsomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. ~~*
Established January, 1858.
Real Estate Agents..
Full Charge Taken of Property. '
626 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel.
Geary st. Inside Larkin; 50x137:6 partially
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
street. • . :¦. . . > > ; ' .- ¦
$2300— Offer wanted; brick improvements and
lot; Clementina st, near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain.
Cheap— O'Farrell st. near Devlsadero: con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $23CO.
$3:00— Broadway, near Octavia St., 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131. -
Two flats; Clinton Park, near. Dolores st;
rent $340 per year; price only $3500.
$4500— Twentieth st., near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,0CO— Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$2500— Twenty-fifth st, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath. , . . •.. .. .' .
$3000— Morris ave.. near Bryant st; double
house; rents $24: lot '25x75. .
$4500— Folsom st, near Sth; 25x90; two bouses
at $16 each; total $32.
$5000— Post st. ; near Baker; lot and improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 23x137:6; must be sold to
close estate. ¦
$6500— Pine st, near Scott; two flats: rents
$57 50; lot 25x137:6.
, Laundry building with 2 flowing -wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 165x120. on north
line of Lombard st, between Fillmore and
Steiner; also lot ; 152x120 on Chestnut st. In
rear; rents $73 per month: must be sold on ac-
: count of non-residence. . .' ' . " ZSfni
$10,500 — Fine vacant property: lot 37:6x90. with
two corners; .Taylor- 'and Greenwich sts.; Just
the place for a grocery.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st. near Brannan; 2 fiats;
there is a good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet : St., near Howard: lot 50x73,
holding- frontage to Sixth st, rent $56.
$4000— Leavenworth st., near Jackson; . 8
rooms and bath; 22:6x115.
$19fiO— Florida st, near Twenty-fifth; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mills Building.
$3600— Beautiful Park lot; very cheap; Pan-
'¦ • handle district; 45x100; . splendidly lo-
* cated for 6 flats.
$10,250— Offer wanted: rents $870 per annum: 3
flne modern -flats of 7, 6. 6 rooms and
bath each; on a main street, inside of
Larkin and California sts.; always
rented; 27:3*4x92.
$12,500 — Western Addition investment; rents
- $1224 per annum; offer wanted: 2 houses
and 2 fiats; bay-windows, brick founda-
tion, etc. ; very sunny; 55x137:6.
$14,000— Good business corner; rents $1140 per an-
num or fully 7 per cent -net: store, two
flats and house, 25x100, with L 25x27;
Western Addition. ¦ .
$15,400 — Owner going abroad; rents $1260 per an-
num; 3 modern flats of 8, 7. 7 rooms and
bath, each; O'Farrell st: 27:6x137:6;
offer wanted.
$60,000 — Three blocks * from Kearny st : im- j
provements renting for $260 per montlj; ¦
lot nearly 70x137:6; Sutter st.; good hotel I
site. - 1 ... ;|
$75,000— Downtown business property; -will pay I
6'i per cent net on long lease ; substan- '
tlal Improvements. .
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills building.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
\ Apply A. M. SPECK &. CO., 667 Market st.
I $13(K)— Eight-room house on Union st.
¦ $1500— Five-room cottage, near Buchanan st
$1600— Seven-room house on Broadway; a snap.
' $2200— Three flats near Mason and Sutter sts.;
rents ?21. . . - <
. $2500— Store and 4 rear living rooms on Mission
street - ¦ *
$2400— Five-room cottage, half a block from
Ninth and Market sts.
$3500— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
$8100— McAllister st; rents $85; near Buchanan
St.; two frontages.
$3750— Two nice flats near Hyde and California
sts.: rents $37. . • -, .-
¦ $U,00fr"-Cholce flats near Golden Gate Park;
rents $140: lot 50 foot front; third cash.
$15,0CO— 8 modern flats I on corner near Larkin
st: all rented for $145.
i $18,500 — Grand investment; modern improve-
ments: lot 70-foot front; 'near Taylor st; rents
$170; all rented.
• $15,500— Near - Stockton st; one. tenant; rent
$120; lot 25-foot front.
$40,000— Grand Investment; few blocks from
Tivoll; one tenant leased 5 years at $4000 year.
¦ Other barrains. . . . '- . • •. '
Apply AM. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st\
$30,000— RENTS $2400 per annum; business cor-
j ner; Western Addition; flats and stores; large
lot : flne Improvements. • 1 • •
An elegant residence- and flne prt-
, vate stable In the Mission; lot 90x120.
$6000— Pays 9 per cent: Devlsadero st; store
and flat and good rear house. '
, $55.000— A good buy; on Market st
$22,000— A good lot for a large building; Cali-
fornia St., near Kearny; 52x137:6.
¦ , $16,000— A flne corner residence, on Broad-
way, with marine view; 12 rooms hardwood
finlf*i. r ¦ , ¦
... $2250— Cottage, S rooms and lot. 25x90; W. A
one block from two car lines; street bltumln-
ized. JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
$6500— CHURCH st, near Fifteenth; 31 flats;
• ¦ ¦ . all In nice order; rents $60 per month; a
' good Mg lot; close to 2 car lines; mmt
• be sold as money Is ' needed.
$4000— Have you faith In the sand south of th*
."-;-: Park? - An • entire choice block 240x600'
.' Including four corners. - ... .,...'
$2300— Facing the Park on Oak st, near Clay-
* ton; 25x137:6;. cheapest lot of Its kind;
•^ it cost'$2800. ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ . ¦- -.- . -
• $200— Worth $200: flne level lot. East Park
.f ave.,- Holly Park: short distance from the
•j ' cars; surrounded by houses. »:• : '
..McEWEN BROS.; 118 Montgomery st
BARGAIN— Fine residence lot on Broadway;
- marine ¦ view ; this is a good buy. THE Mc-
.'; CARTHY CO.. 646 Market St. ».-¦•
SELECT, your* lot anywhere; we will buy it
for you,; erect a house to suit and sell it to
youvon very easy terms. • THE MCCARTHY
..'CO.. 646 Market st. ¦¦>:."-¦ ¦ v -r , *; .-
FOR " : sale— Pacific . Heights • home: beautiful
; * marine view; Broadway corner; call for par-
ticulars. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
NORTH : - side,", marine rlew, ; Broadway ¦' lot;
owner going' away; ' bargain for quick sale.
: THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St. ' ;-.--¦ -
'A" BARGAIN— Owner, going East; lot and two-
i 1 story.' house/ seven rooms "and batn;' high
'-basement; Capp st. ; house newly painted anj
cleaned: will sell- or rent with or without
the furniture; cheap for cash; one-half the
1 ' purchase price ' can <¦¦ remain • on mortgage.
• Box , 3350, s Call ; office ?\ ¦. •". ¦
IN Richmond ;. well-built, cosy (-room house; •
pantry, bath, 7-foot basement Box 3360, Call. 1
ANY amount at 6%;* first 2d, "and « 3d mort-
gages, undivided interept real estate In pko-
, . bale ; mortgages j and legacies I bought ; no de-
• lay; get my terms before doing business elst-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 • Montgomery, r. 2.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
The Mutual Aid and • Supply Company, 412
¦ Pine st, will lend money to • contractors on
their contracts at bank rate of interest. • j
HIGHLY respectable, private place to'obtiln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at ls>.»-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch - 19 . Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture,' etc., by private
party; r.o removal; no commission; conflden-
. tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones. .
ON furniture, .pianos; no removal;'- money
. quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age;- reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
, — —^ — —^______^_____^____
ONE: per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
MONEY loaned 'salaried people without secur-
lty. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callfnla
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Kastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg. •
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos ; no removal:
low rate; Ftrlctly private. Lick. «116 McAllister.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wage?: no lndorser required.- 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 14*1 Phelan building.
$100,C00 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 2?2 Sansome Pt.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
221 Parrott building. '
CASH loaned to salaried peonle on note without
Indoryer.' MQtinKT.T, BfiO TirnTilT-or hniH'rg
MONEY WANTED.
IF you have money to loan upon safe securi-
ties at 6 per cent call and see us. West Coast
Investment Company. Phelan building.:
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A MODERN piano factory Is at your disposal
to have vour piano thoroughly ¦ overhauled
by first-class workmen In every department:
you can have It repaired while vou are away
for the summer, tuned, tone regulated, pol-
ished and delivered to you on your return;
you pay no more to have It repaired In the
factory than you , would have In some small
shop, and have the ndvantace - of ' akilind
men In every department: we Invite you to
, Inspect the factory. BYRON MAUZY. 308-
310-312 PoEt st, sole agent, Solimor Byrcn
Mauzy, Gabler, Hamilton & Rplelraann
¦ piano?. • ,
TO keep up our reputation as a "bargain
house" we ofTer to-day: . ' :
A small rorewoort French upright for S75
A fine walnut Gibson upright fur... *1SO
A flne walnut Arlington upright for.. ....$150
A flne walnut Decker "nrl?ht for ;.,.J250
Souares for $6S. $75. *l00. $125. S150. •
Willard. Smith & Barnes, Baumelsler und
Decker & Son pianos at special prices — we do
rot allow anvone to underee.1! us. Easy term*
and long «r»'arante«»s. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY. 7eO Market st.
ALL uprights lowest !— 'c-w and easiest terms.
1 Novella J6<" 2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand • new) ! $200
(like new) .J325 1 Hallet-Dav!s....$403
I "1 Stelnway $1S5 2 Helnes ......$315 uo
And fifty ethers: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle ail makes. .Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davls-Helne. etc.; agents want-
ed: live *nlp«m»n wanted; bl* salary right
man. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217. Geary st
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for « new. Stelnway
uprieht or baby grand piano any ttmt within
8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. S« per
month; some good plants sold for $3, $4 'nnd
K r*r month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*t«.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. '
REMOVAL of KEFFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
S14 PoFt St.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer c?veral new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEKFFK. 314 Post St.. between Stock-
ton pnd Powell.
ANY piano fold by us t*ke.n back anvtime
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new p*i>r!p=« Knabe.at regular
price; costs you -only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1S50.
A LIST of flne second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet * r>avi«. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, S75. J12S. $U5, etc.; easv oayments.
BENJ. CURTA55 & SON. 18 O'Farrell 'st.
Chickerlng, Vose, Sterling Agency; .falso
Apollo, kinu of >elf-players. ' , ; J
BARGAINS — Good Gilbert uprlrht piano for
$B.0: also lady going EaFt sacrifices her. ele-
rant upright piano. -walnut case.T standant
mnke. for $175, at Dewing's, room 10, Flood
buiiding ; ' ; . • .-;:.-•
BARGAIN? — Clearance sale bargains; unrlsht
¦pianos. J75 and upward; -Ftelnway. Knatw.
Emer«nn. Hsrtmnn nnd others; squares $10
up. BRUENN. 20S Post st. '
DON'T buy pianos at Wllpon's Storage, 1706
Market st, because It's unfair to sell- pianos
so cheap: they are slaughtering prices.
WANTED — A. rood second-hand upright piano
cheap for caph. Box 3396, Call office.
FINE standard unrlpht piano: *l«o paintings;
sacrifice; leaving city. 736 O'Farrell st.
AN uprieht plnno; must 'be »old: owner leav-
Inr. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
CLOSING out stock of pianos- ; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bids. .
LtTTTWIG plxnos th» most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general aeents. 933 Market rt.
$3 PFR rrmr.th rent* b beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
$1T7— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright . 217
Geary Ft. room 28. *• " '
A SMALL Ch'ekerlng upright. $123; 6 uprights,
necond-handed. your choice at 1110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market ft. you
can ret storage pianos almost for a song
BARGAIN— Must be Fold; nice upright piano.
P^HMTTZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlhernla Bank.
STTPFKinR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker. -repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the'
United. Statea or Canada one year for SI.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO lease— 15 Grant ave.; the whole building,
store, basement and 3 floors: 2 rear entrances:
suitable for any business; grand location.
SANPOME.' 804 — Handsome large store; reduced
to IS per month.
EMMA SPRECKF.LS building. 927 Market st—
SUnny offices. J15 to ?2O; n-nal «u>rv1cea.
BEST oil land In the State; enormous produc-;
ers around us; a fortune In our. stock; we :
know it. will prove it, by giving you negotia-
ble bond; bears 3 per cent Interest ; guarantees
your stock asrainst any loss: you can't lose:
gilt edge references: call, write, investigate.
Paxton Gold Bond Mining Co., 318 Kearny st.
$l$,000 TO Invest In oil shares ior 'young East-
ern capitalist; he asks location, title, prices,
directory, etc.; send stamped envelope for
his queries: confidential; will deal only, with'
officers of companies. Lock box 2068, San
Franclfco postofflce
CALISTOGA Oil and" Development Company:
cperatlng en 2120 acrss of oil land in nine
clEtricU. Office, 23 nnd 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 328 Post. Open^.evenlnus.
OIL tanks, second-hand.' In good order; all
risen: cheap. H. S. WHTTE. M6 Mission st.
OIL LAXDS.
OIL lands for sala or lease in all parts of the
State. .We can furnish you with lands in the
-best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies mil. on u« before going elsewhere.
CHFA * PFTFRPON. 301 Examiner building.
1'AIXTEJIS ASU DEC«KATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from S3 up; paint-
ing done. 319 Third st, Hartman Paint Co. - j
WALL paper, window shades: rooms paDered,
$8 up. Jensen A Bath. 308 Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able work. Clark'n.HS08 Lwrkln; tel. Larkin 1060.
' . j PALMISTRY. . \
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist anO character
reading; lessons In class and private.' 617 Jones.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 813
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: teL Black Ml.
MRS.Lamb.scientlfic palmist and character read-
ing; lessons In class and private. ; 617 Jones st.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist. 1140
Market. 10 to 6; residence 731 Guerrero st.
MME. GERM AINE. the business palmist of the
.Pacific Coast. SOC Market st. i '.,
; , PHYSICIANS AXD'SCRGEOXS. V
• DrT cTb. O' DONNELL^fflcTand~reaIdencei
1021 Market : st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. -» WONG HIM, herb doctor." successfully
treats , all ¦ diseases .of . the . human . body; I see
'- testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR . SALE.
"G. H.'UMBSENvft CO., V /• ', .. , i 7 ? . ' :
<-. ..::. Real Estate Agents.'* - . *.'•».
'"¦•-'. . ¦' - .•-•*•-.-: .; . 14 Montgomery st.
$22,000— Rents '¦ $1440 . per < annum; Golden Gate
- ¦ ave. ; 4 • modern - nouses , of 7 rooms - and
bath each; 76x120. to rear street. .-
120,000— Rents }21G0 per annum; Fulton st., near
¦ .- park ''panhandle; 6 choice flats of '7
* ' and 6 rooms- and • bath each ; ¦. 59x137 :6. "
$17,000— Rents $1368 per annum;' Post St.; 8-mod-
¦ em houses : of .7 rooms and bath j each
and 2 cottages -of 5 and 3 rooms each;
' ' ' ; ¦¦ 67:6x120.';- ;. . • .-'. -'•.:. . -'..•„ ¦•'¦
$14,500— Page st.~;-near the park; modern corner
residence of 12 rooms and; bath; lot 50x
: 110; sunny exposure.. '
$12,500— Rents : $1230 ; per. : annum; ' Scott '¦ st. ; 3
'.; ' flats and 2 houses of 8 and 6 rooms and
' bath each; 05x137:6. ¦ ."
$12,500 — Rents J13S0 . per ' annum; Sutter st. ; 3
new flats' of ,6 rooms and bath each;
25x112:6.-- ..... - . ... •-.
$10,000— Scott st. ; 2 nice houses, of 8 rooms and
' bath ! each ¦ and - 4 ; rooms in ; basement;
can be easily converted ¦ into flats; rent
$70; 35:6x125. - \ '••.•: I
$9,250 — Rents $936 per annum; Turk st, near
Fillmore; 3 flats of 8 rooms and bath
- each; ,27:6x100. .
$9, 00ft— Rents $864 per annum; corner on Ful-
; -. v ¦'. ton st., .- close to • the park; 'Z modern
'. fiats! lot 25x96:10. , ; "
$7,500 — Rents $690 per annum; Lyon st; 3 new
fiats of 6 and 5 rooms and basement;
¦:.'¦ •¦ v 25x112:6.: ¦¦ ": '.'; . ¦¦:¦/¦ :.:-.- -
- $7,000— Geary st. ;' modern residence of 9 rooms
¦ and bath;; 30x137:6.: '-. -' '.
$6,750— Fillmore st. ; residence of 7 rooms; 2ox
•;~ 137:6. - _:. -.'¦',¦'• .- ! ¦ •'
$6,650 — Fulton st. : residence of 9 rooms and
bath; 27:6x187:6. - ; ¦-".v.'-alr i:
$6,500— Rents $6C0 per annum | - Fell st ; . 2 flats
of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; 25x
.137:6. ; - ¦ *. . fj <'
$5,125— Buchanan st. ; 2-story residence . of : 8
'rooms and bath; 26x87:6. .-. .
$3,000 — Elliott Park; good residence of 8 rooms
and bath ; recently renovated.
$2,000— Henry st., close to Market; cottage and
stable; 26x116.: .- < " • .
Choice list of building lots In all parts of
the city. .. . .
.• . Call and obtain one of our Real Esta.te Rec-
ords, ' containing a list of additional properties.
Q. H, UMBSEN & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, .14 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG. .
- - - - 114 - Montgomery Street.
$7,000— $1000 cash; Ashbury, near Fell; 10
rooms. and bath. ¦ ., . ¦ -
$5,E0O— $7£0 each; Lyori,"-; near " Oak; 10 rooms
and bath; handsome home. ¦
$3,600— Laurel, near Sacramento; bay-window
cottage, 7 rooms -and 'bath; offer
> ' . wanted; must be sold. ¦ . ¦¦ •
• $2,5004-$500 cash, $25 monthly; Twenty-fourth.'
. - near. Castro; ] almost new;', 7 rooms and
; bath; a snap. ¦ . ¦
$2,250— $300 cash; new house, 5 rooms and bath;
- ,. Nome ave., ¦ near Eighteenth and Dan-
• vers sts. • . ' '. '
$20,000— Jackson-et. . investment; east of Van
Ness ave. ; 8 flats; all rented; extra
large lot: total rents $170. - '
$3250— Rent $32 60; splendid Investment; bust-'
ness property in Mission; store and flat
In good condition; . must be sold. .
$9000 — Post near Larkin ; good 2-story house,
10 rooms and bath; has 2 frontages;
fine slace for a doctor. ;
_ $7250— Rent $840 per annum; handsome new
flats, close to park; contain 6 and 7
. rooms: all the latest conveniences.
$45,000 — Fine business corner,- north of Market
:. .' St., not far from town; newlmprove-
- ments; all rented; stores and rooming-
house above; pays nearly $300 per
month; offer wanted. -
?10,000— Corner of Fillmore and Page; 6Sxl20;
'.. fine i'laoe for flefta. -'.'..
i $20, 0C0— Fine large corner on Sutter st; well
improved; rents $150 per month; could
• . be ¦ Increased; lot 86x90. i
- A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5.750— Rent $50; 4 flats, well located at the
Mission; lot 80x114, of which 40x114 is
• . vacant; very- cheap.
$11,000— Rent $109; three brand- new flats on
Baker street; 7 rooms each; all rented;
latest design: tastily and expensively
finished; splendid sun and light; mort-
gage can remain at 6 per cent; lot Z5x
\ 105 feet; fine Interest paying proposition.
$5,000— Offer wanted; Clay st, near Flllmore;
lot 23x137:6, with improvements, con-
i sistlng of house of 6 rooms,- also house
'In rear of 4 rooms. - . •
$7,750— Rents $73; Powell st.; lot 40x87:6; stores
rooming house above." .
$1,300— New cottage of 4 rooms and. bath; Wis-
consin St., 2 blocks from terminus of
' 24lh-st cars; $200 cash. $14 monthly. |
< LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG, ; ' •
'¦",- - Real Estate Agents.
.Houses Rented, Rents- Collected and Full
¦ . Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market St. 4
¦ $80,0C0 — Choice business piece of property on
Kearny st, close to Market St.; flne 4-story
brick building upon. same; pays 5 per cent net.
$70,000— Choice downtown corner; 3 frontages;
3 blocks from the Chronicle. building; tine im-
provements ; rents $350 per month ; always
lented. ; " ...-. •¦''.'
• $50.G00^-Clioice 50 Vara on Hyde st., near Cali-
fornia st; S substantial houses; rented for
$325 50 per month. : ¦ •. - • V .-
$32,500— Choice corner ' on . Battery st. close
to California; fine 2-stoiy and basement brick
building; lot 29:10%x70 feet
$27,500—4 houses and 4 flats on Clay st.;*lot
80x137:6 fe«>t; rents $2l« per month; all rented.
J22.50O:— Choice lot on Broadway, near • De-
vlsadero st. : lot 66x137:6 feet; fine unobstructed
marine view. ¦ •
$20,000— Choice N. W. corner on Devlsadero
St., near Fulton st. ; lot 100x137:6 feet; this is a
choice location for flats. . ¦: *. ; V
$12. COO — Hayes st, near Buchanan st. : 2 mod-
ern flats on Hayes and 2 on Linden ave.; lot
27:6x120 feet; rents $90 per month.
$8500—3 choice flats on Jackson st., near Brod-
erick s>t. ; <5. 7 and 8 rooms and bath; rents
$78 60 per month: lot 23x127 :8>4 feet :
$7000 — 2 flne flats on Buchanan st, near Sutter
at. : rents $56 per month. - .
$5500 — Twenty-second at., near Guerrero St.; 3
modern flats; rents $53 per month.
$3600— 2 modern flats on Broderick . st. ; rents
$36 per month. • . •
$1850— 2-story house on Sacramento, st. ; lot
25x117:6 feet. •
$1700 — Nice cottage en | Diamond st., near
Twenty-fourth st.
$1600— Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Jersey st. ¦
$1250— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath
near Union Iron Works. . ¦¦ . . -
¦ $1050— Choice lot on Clara st, near Third st.
$750— Choice lot on California Bt, near Ninth
ave.; lot 25x120 feet. " .
$700— Lot 50x120 . feet , on Twenty-sixth ave.,
near Point Lobos ave. ¦ .-.- • . ' .
$700— Choice corner lot on Mission st; street
work done; sidewalk kid; lot 28x100 feet
Further particulars ii BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG. -•» ' ,
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
Real Estate Brokers, . .
41 and 42 Chronicle building. . •
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
$6250— Elegant flats, near .Park Panhandle; 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rent $55} 25x137:6;
best part of Western Addition.. >
$2200— Bank mortgage $1700; at a sacrifice; must
"be sold;, modern cottage 5 rooms and
bath; high basement: 27x105; on car line;
. Mission warm belt; title perfect. : :
J5500— Elegant | corner for flats and cheapest in
• . Western Addition; - choicest location;
Baker. Bt, near Park; 25x110.
. CHEAP LOTS.
i $2150— Steiner, near Waller; 25x91:6.
$1100— Church, near Eighteenth; 27x88.
$2000— Washington, ' near Cherry; 25x130.
$1200— Twenty-first, near Castro; 25x115.
¦ - We also- have a long list of cheap' lots
¦ in all parts of the city. ¦
. W. F.AMBROSE & CO.,
. . , 41 and 42 Chronicle building.'
H. E. POEHLMAN. Realty and Insurance)
":•• 304 ! Montgomery st. ,
; $5500— Reduced ; see these 2 flats on Bush st. ;
: sunny, well located and cheap. • ~
$2700— A snap; extra nice lot; Flllmore, near
Hayes; 25x106:3; flats built here will pay well.
$1400— Pick- this . up! Geary st, store and
rooms ; flat above ; a . great sacrifice : for each.
¦ $42o— 19th ave., near California st. ;. lot 2dx
120 j'gas, ' water 'and sewer; 2 car lines. ..
- H. E., POEHLMAN, 304 Montgomery st
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES , \ ,
;: Just Completed, ' ¦
On Lyon et.,' bet. Clay and Washington,
•:•'"¦•• ."• 11 Sunny Rooms In Each. . .
Hardwood finish: 4 grand mantels; electric
lighting; tiled , bath with hardwood floor; the
very best .' of I plumbing ' and workmanship
throughout houses; everything that Is needed
ina modern,, first-class, residence; see them at
once; I open for | inspection, or apply - to DAN
EINSTEIN, owner and builder.' 117 Sutter St.
$26,000—3316x137:6; RENT $175; new 5 flats; Sut-
ter Ft., ' downtown. • ¦
'..-.. $3000— 25x100; 8-room house; rent $35;- Po-
trero,. -near Twentieth -st ':'.- ...
$10,000 — 15x98; corner Second st. : cheap.
Stanyan st lots cheap. ' "
¦ ¦--. . wr J. HEALY. 630 Market st,
, ' . Real Estate and : Insurance Broker. „
FOR sale at a bargain— A beautiful 11-room
-residence In a healthy location;; south, front;
. • a half .block < from ¦ car ' line; • splendid view
4 over, the city and bay. Box 3300. Call office, .
8-ROOMED house. in Western Addition; good
¦ location; fine - view; excellent r neighborhood ;
a bargain: no real estate dealers wanted. A.
E. BRADLEY," 132 McAllister st. -¦;"'.-¦
PACIFIC '.Heights ; marine view ; sunny ; 12-
%room residence: new; artistic. -THE McCAR-
CO.," "646 Market st : ':¦¦::, -.'.-.;..>
A— $15,000; 926 Clay st; lot 68% by ,137%, house
of fifteen rooms. ! ••»'¦' .."-' • ' • ¦ ¦ • v r :
¦r $6000; Minna st, between Third and Fourth,
" lot 20 by 70, house of sixteen rooms. •:. -<--.; ,.
.^ JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market, at.'
$5)00— TO I dose ' estate; : cory ; house 1 6 rooms;" lot
25x110; ' 1«84 ; Alabama %t;, nr. 27th ; t bargain. ,
B $1000— To close estate;, cozy cottage 4 rooms;
lot 26x110;; 3223 Harrison', st.;' near Twenty-
"'; seventh; bargain.'. Owner,' 916 Bush Btv' •¦
12330— TWO flats, 6 and 5 rooms and bath each;
Alabama st.. ¦ near 22d ; lot 26x100; . part cash.
.W. H. CRIM & CO.M 118 Montgomery st ;. .
6-ROOM houses on easy, terms ; Just completed;
.'-¦ on Elizabeth ; st, ' nr.-' Douglass. ? J. ANDER-
. BON. ';bu»den '¦•'•;•¦; ¦¦•¦,'. -- :: ".' •¦¦•'¦ : '->.'" 1 '. -.•¦'¦. •¦:.--;¦.¦;«••
$1300— HOUSE ¦ 4 rooms and femth ; * lot ' 25x120;
. see owner on premises. . 1622 Tenth ave.,. Sun-
set District. ; 1 • .
MIKES AND MIXING. .
Montezuma— Copper— Coal— Coke.
Montezuma — Copper— Coal — Coke. ¦ -
Moutezuma — Copper— Coal — Coke.
Monteiuma shares are bought by men (and
women) who have made money In oil, men
who have lost money in oil, and men who
will not touch oil; bought by men who .hold
other mining stocks, and by men who make
Montezuma their first Investment; bought by
the laboring man, the clerk, the tradesman,
the capitalist— in short, by hundreds of peo-
ple, and all for the same reason — to make
money— to invest a small sum of money now
in the hope and expectation that it will yield
an income that ordinarily comes from a con-
siderable investment. Mark well this state-
ment:- These Investors will Buffer no disap-
pointment: the profit of Judicious investment
will surely be theirs.
Some large sales of shares ,wera made by
us In May; other large sales are pending for
June. Bue we sell small lots as cheerfully
as large ones.
A letter from the copper mines (they are in
Washington, near Mount Rainier) gives de-
pendable news of the widening of the rich
vein in the "Tacoma" tunnel to 17 feet. Pho-
tographs Just received illustrate development
at both copper and coal mines. We'd like to
have you -see them; we want you to know
there are substantial reasons for advancing
the price of shares to 15c and 17c (the price
fixed for July). That means the Montezuma
Company think their 24 copper mines and 2000
acres of- coal lands "all under one roof* are
worth a million and a 'naif dollars— and they
are; every stroke of the pick, the passing of
every day, adds to their value.
Present prices of 12c cash or 14c on install-
ments will not hold long — possibly till July 1.
It behooves the man who wants to get in to
investigate this proposition now. Prospectus
and mart will help. .
Our excursion postponed until July 6. on ac-
count of snow at the mines. Learn something
of this delightful trip. Folder for the asking.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents,
310 Safe Deposit building, corner California
and Montgomery ets.. San Francisco.
A MINING man holding working bond on good
mining property will dispose: of all or an
j interest on reasonable terms. Box 2392, Call.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5s and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co. 326 Post st.
WANTED— Good smelting ores near railroad
by parties who will erect smelting plant.
Box 3333. Call office.
WELL developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
change for property 01 business. 303't Turk.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
SIISCI2LL AMYOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. £d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN; 195-197 Fremont Ft.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
I second-hand ; we • always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on hand; 33 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission et. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — 15-horsepower Herreshoff compound steam
launch; SO ft. long; 7 ft. beam; in perfect or-
der; cost 1 J5000; price J1500. UNITED EN-
GINEERING WORKS, 236 Spear Bt.
FOR sale at a bargain.
One 70-horsepower Heine boiler.
One'lSOO-gallon Iron tank for oil.
2»iO feet 2-inch pipe. Box 337$, Ca.ll of flee.
A— 4-SIDED, 3-sided, 2-sided, 1-slded sticker:
all in good order; cheap. . H. S. WHITE,
516 Mission st. 1 :i
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
- mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. . : -
FOR sale — Horseshoeing tools and stock;
good business: rent cheap; owner roing to
Nome. Address Box 2249, Call, Oakland.
SECOND-HAND machinery of^ alT kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
"WHITE. 61« Mission st
ANGORA kittens, pedigreed, reasonable; vis-
itors welcome. Presidio Cattery, 3313 Clay
st : phone Steiner 1812.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred white Plymouth Rock
! rooster, $1,75; also pair of bantams, $2. 124
Eureka st -^
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for JJOO; I am
retiring from business. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
A— »J » DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, J30 Kearny st. near Pine.
GOOD fresh cow. 216 Hearst ave.. Sunnyslde.
BICYCLE, Columbia, gents, cheap; good as
new. Call 1 to 3 Sunday, Bailey, 217 Ivy ave.
LATEST improved Domestic sewing machine
for sale cheap at 2216 Mission St., near 19th.
1 NEW 5 H. P. boiler and engine; rare chance;
$160. P. BARNUM, 690 Brush st, Oakland.
FINE suits 110; drees pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery st
CHEAP— A No. 7 range; good condition; must
be sold; leaving city. 1535 Masonic ave.
MANUFACTURING plant. 3 months In U3e;
must be sold at once. 2020 Market st.
READ "THE RAVEN." U. C. prize stories.
For sale by all dealers.
FOR sale— 1 striped tent; S ft wall; 14x18; bai^
gain. 114 Eighth st. ¦
FAIHBANK'S M-ton hay scale; Jeweler's stesl
lined safe, perfect order. zlS 'Tellfornla st
$4S. 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new; $32 50. 103
Montgomery st
30 H. P. steam engine, stationary; S H. P.
gasoline engine, marine. 85 Fremont st
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new St 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. M Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enrlnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. . •
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«t st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand mao.iinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Beale st ."
SAFES— New and second hPnd. THE HEIl-
MAN BAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SAFER— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 199-111 Market St. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
18 pares. !n wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
¦MJ«CF-.r,LA*VKOtT!» WASTS.
HIGHEST prices paid for old . gold and dla-
I monds. Plaza Lean Office. 702-708 Kearny
I st; private offices; open evenings.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods, 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHTCAD. 1706 Market »t
MCSIC BOXES. * . . .*••
MUSIC BOXES— Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
year?: fine Swiss am! American music boxes
a specialty. 769 Market et., bet. 3d and 4th.
south, side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and the right party to deal with.'
' MOXKV TO LOAJtf.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
" afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10. 906 Markei st I
IT YOCR PROPERTY ~~ .:•. "'¦
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
620 Market et Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages. «tc. . . '• • •-'.-¦ : . . . ¦ ..¦•.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
.'- mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st' floor.
Chronicle building. - HALLORAN * OLSEN.
HKI.P >V l "fTB-nilM » »,*F rnn.
WANTED — First-class operator and retoucher
Apply at TONKIN'S Photo Gallery. 1227
Market Bt.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULX.IS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. E06 Market
AT cash prices for tl per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAl'6 &. CO.. 115 Kearny Bt
rrXSIOXS-J. II. SHEPARI> & CO.. attys.i
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rp<-c ivf d at Call branch office. SOO Flllmore st
HORSES AM) \V\t;o.\s.
WANTED— Sound, penile family driving team,
weight 900 to 1000: ordinary travelers; drive
F'r.rle. double: saddle also preferred: color
no consequence; pay up to $150 for torn, or
will buy wngly. XXBox 3375. Call office.
40 HORSES for tale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
K7 Sixth rt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & -DOYLE. Auctioneers.
«0 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for saU
this week at the Canty Ranch. Grayson,
Stanislaus Courty. Cal.
e. F. VETERINARY College will commrnce iu
3<J fftlon June 10. Catalogue by applying f>
' M- L. Panroa^t. Se<-.. 510 Onl<1»n <iate ave.
FOR sa'.e— 2 good horses, cheap: alfo 1 Icebox;
large. 6933 Mission st.. opposite Ocean View.
40 HEAD work and driving horses, ttl liow-
ard at-
FINE camp wagon, harness and tent for sale.
404 Jackson st.
ALL kinds of camping wagons, buggies, rur-
reyfi and carts. 1C34 Mission Ft. j
FINE camping wagons to let or for sale. 1603 ;
Gearj' Et
FOR SALE— A No. 1 fresh family ,-ow and
calf. Apply 41i8 Seventeenth, nr. Dlfc.mou<l.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAS & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light 1
catnpine wagon, for e*l* cheap. 532 Mission. I
' . = I
HORSES WAMTD. j
HORSES wanted to work on Ecraper Job; four j
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery j
ft. room 25. j
1 =
HOUSES TO LET. i
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TTALLER. 1215— Fine eunny house, 9 rooms and
bath; large grounds and good stable; rent $50;
this side of G. G. Park, near panhandle: fine
view. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE 7 rooms; 109 Rose ave., between Gough
and Octavia. Haight and Page sts; rent
$17 50. Apply 244 Stevenson et.
HOI'SE. 6 large rooms; yard; basement Apply
1122 Steiner st. cor. Eddy; modern Impts.
6 ROOMS and bath ; 14 Reed st. : yard and base-
ment; f!5. Apply 1325 Washington gt.
« SfNN-Y rooms, bath. £99 Noe. cor. 22d. PAT-
TERSON & CO.. U City Hair square.
• HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
BfSH. 2104— Elepantly furnished house. 10
rooms. v«-y reasonable, for 6 months only.
PAGE. 443— Sunny furnished house, 8 or less
rooms: piano: about 6 months.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCE TO LET. >
STANFORD University grounds; on campus;
well furnished fraternity house of 14 rooms.
Inquire of C. C. BEMIS. 324 Montgomery st
BELVEDERE-To let, furnished house, eight
rooms. Address R. B. PHILLIPS, 17 Beale.
LARKSPUR-TO LET. !
NEW 4-roem cottage; large porch: furnished;
elso tents and camp ground; beautiful can-
yon. Apply C. RICE or C. A. HOLM.
'}'¦': Larkspur. Cal.
LOST AM) FOl'M).
LOST — A fishing boat f pom Long Bridge ;
finder will receive S5 reward. Apply at H.
BEXSEN, Sixth and Bryant sts. .
LOST— Pupry dop. black field spaniel, five !
months old. Return to S214 Jackson st and ,
receive reward. |
LOST— Wednesday, an tnamel gold watch, set
: - with pearls. Return 10 Kearny st; receive
reward.
LOPT— Geld quartz fob and locket; initialed
[ M. S. Return to Beacl; Tavern. Ocean Beach.
ar.d receive liberal reward.
LOST— .Saturday rnornni-, near 16th and Mis-
eion. a small brown dog, toy spaniel named
Roy: reward. 1R37 Mission Et.
WILL lady who found black and white Lew-
ellj-n setter at LarKn-ur on Decoration day
return to owner, U fcieuart to avoid trouble.
LOST— Saturday afternoon, small brown turtle-
shaped breast pin. Reward at 1115 Bush st.
LOST— Yorkr-Mre dog; female. Return to H.
DANERI. 611 Howard et.; reward.
FOTTXD— Hone; owner can have same by prov-
ing property and paying charges. 6Z9 Fulton.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles lm-
mrdiately. as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. .
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATTRESSES A\D PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 318-220 Eleventh St.;
telephone South 791.
MEDICAL
ORIGINAL OFFICE.
ORIGINAL OFFICE. .
PR. and MRS. DAVIS.
DR. and MRS. DAVIS.
Leading ladles' specialists.
:•-.*". Leading ladies' specialists.
Local ed for 10 years at
Located for 10 years at
122S Market et.
1228 Market st
Above Plxth st • •
Abeve fcixth st
We have no branch offices.
We have no branch offices.
Cut this out
Cut this out.
Remember the number, 122S Market
Remember the number, 1228 Market
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male confplaints relieved by treatment * su-
perior to ail others; the only L-eatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cas-es treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, cure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; b* your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment. S4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st. S. F.. CaL
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints: th*
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market bet Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists; 22 years' practice: all cases treated
ty our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn eame day: harmless:' consultation free.
55 and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market bet
6th Ar 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable ;25 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
togiveinstant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all femile
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases r-litved
without pain: best cur»: fe» low; consult free.
MR8. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market nr. Maaon.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 2* yrs.-
euecewsful practice; guaranteed treatment «f
efflo*; any ailment; home before and during
fonflnement 842 Port. »>et Hyde and Larkin.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. IS^ Grant ave.
DR. POPPER, female BpecUlist; no pills or
ir.Miidne used. 1SI4 Derlradero st.. nr. Geary.
MENTAL POWER HEALTH PARLORS.
Ugliness a sin; beauty a virtue.
Away with all r>ecull*r conditions.
Away w;th wrinkles and pimples.
Calderwood's Creme Lotion is matchless.
Health. Beauty and Happiness assured.
Free trial at our office.
l^ady agents wanted immediately.
Hair irrown on bald spots, n.
Calderwood'e Lightning Rheumatism Cure, $2.
Mental Power, illustrated magazine.
Prof. G. W. Cald«-wood. Editor, $1 per year.
Patrons examined. Phrenologlcally, free.
Phrenological lessons 50c each (class).
Free Lecture to-day, 3 p. m.
Parlors 5 and 6, 14 McAllister st
Office hours, 10 a. m. to 4 ». ra.
Sundays and evenings by appointment.
G. W. Calderwood & Co. : Lady attendant
Languages spoken. Spanish. Japanese. Chinese,
S&waUaa, French, German, Portuguese, Italian.THE SAN FBANCISCO gALL, SUNDAY; \yJTJ7SCE 2, 1901.
30
;OAKUlIil)YERTISMNT^
T-:> OAKLAIfD REAL ESTATE. ,"
$2oO'CABH,- $7 monthly; 4-room 'cotUge;- good
well of water; small barn, chicken j shed and
.run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fence; excellent
soil ; charming ; view ; best climate ; near 2
electric car lines, 90-foot boulevard and model
* schoolhouse;, away from cold winds and fog;
90 families have located here within 3 years;
¦¦ ' price; all told.' $S50.' - Call or send for circu-
lars.. 455 Seventh st. Broadway station, Oak-
> land. -.H. Z. . JONES, owner. ¦ -¦ .- -^ : -'*¦?¦• : -
$1600— ON Grove st. ;. must be sold;"7 rooms:
easy ' monthly payments • or will rent for $11
per month.- See owner to-day at 1008 Broad-
way.' Oakland.
'OAKXASD HOUSES TO; LET^"
$10-310 ' ROOMS, bath ; for 2 families.
$15— 8 rooms ;, sunny; 1 near cars.' : '
$18— New 6-room cottage; < modern. > '
. $20 — 9 rooms, • bath ; near trains.
. $12—2 acres ; cottage, ¦ 5 rooms ; ¦ near . cars. -
$18— Flat; in town; 6 rooms. . ( ' ¦; ¦
, $12 50— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath.
3 GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 100S groadway.
The House Renters of Oakland. Cal.
I OAKLASD FIRMSHED HOUSES. .
$25-8 ROOMS "fine location,
j $-j— 7-room fiat, central, modern.
$25— 5-room cottage. . all modern. •
$20—6 rooms, fine . location, lawn. • ,
$60— Elegant place. 11 rooms, stabls. car-
riage houses, billiard table, fine -grounds..
Free carriage to these places.-- . • ' V: :
GEO. W. AUSTIN. & CO. 1008 Broadway. .
• The house renters of Oakland. Cal.
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms and leception
hall, front and back porch, 2 patent closets,
enamel , bath, .open plumbing,' -electric bells,
, gas, hanrisomely decorat3>1, high basement,
v furnace; lot 40x100 feet; lawn, flowers, etc;
owner going East for 1 year; also for sale.
Address at 1 once O. A. Lane, room C, eighth
Boor. Mills ¦- building. ¦ ¦»--',
OAKLAND FURNITURE! FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, Uth and Franklin. Oakland:
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 616— Elegantly furnished • sunny parlor
• suite, 3 rooms; gas stove; rent $35. '
ELLIS. 826-rThree furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas, bath.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath. $20. 2 beds; three.. $14.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms, suitable for
light housekeeping; also single.
FULTON, SO^J sunny housekeeping rooms;
- coal stove; yard and basement.
GEARY, S13% — Two or three furnished house-
keeplng rooms; batfy, gas range.
HOWARD, 761^— Nicely furnished, sunny bay
window suite; kitchen; man and wife;
others; reasonable. . ¦ ... ...
LANGTON. 15, • nr. 7th and Howard— Three
neatly furnished housekeeping' rooms, $10.
MARKET, 1538, near Eighth— 2 front connect-
ing sunny rooms; water; sink; $15; unfur-
nished, $12 50. _.
MINNA, 28— Furnished housekeeping rooms for
4 or 5 in family, $1 60 per week; single rooms.
MISSION, 821— Large sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $2; single, $1.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms,
running water; other rooms.
OAK, 119— Large sunny basement room fur-
nished for housekeeping; stove; yard;^$6.-
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
bay-window, $10; large room with kitchen, $13.
POLK, 1C02— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
• furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST. 223— Elegantly furnished front sulto for
housekeeping.
SILVER, 165, near 4th— 2 or 3 furnished rooms
. for housekeeping; cheap. — '- ¦ :
POST, 951 — Sunny rooms; conveniences for
housekeeping; private family.
STEVENSON, 642— Large sunny front room,
bath,> light housekeeping if desired;
TURK, 613 — 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
¦¦ rooms, $10; one large unfurnished. ;-::
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726,. near Dolores — 4 sunny,
bay. window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VAN NESS, 400— Entire upper floor, 3 rooms
and bath; sunny NE. corner: elegantly fur-
nished; gas range; no children.
VAN NESS ave., 815— Sunny parlor floor; 3 or 4
rooms and yard; bath, phone.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. nnil Vnfnrn.
ROOMS : ' f 5 TO LET.,
A— For I rooms, 'apartments." housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with' or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
..CO., 22 Kearny st.; tel. 2334 Red. V J '
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
' day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
.large rooms.. • 50c up; meals 23c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE,. liS Sixth— Rooms,
- £5c to $1 per night; SI 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles lra-
. mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
BURNETT, ,1426 Market (old No. ' 1364)— Fur-
. nlshcd rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 134V4 — Large sunny front, suitable for
1 or 2 gents. "-
CLAYTON. 508— Unfurn.. 3 rms & bath; entire
floor; sunny; nr. Park; Hatght or Ellis cars.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DALE place. 12, off Golden Gate ave.. near
Leavenworth — Sunny rooms suitable for on©
or two gentlemen; gas; side bell.
DENTIST— Sutter, 34D— Handsome furnished
bay window; north light ; hot and cold water.
EDDY, 106— Nicely furnished sunny suite; also
single room.
EDDY, 872— Elegantly • furnished rooms, from
$10 to $15; new flat. .. -
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 732— New, elegant rooms, suits and sin-
gle; $2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
FELL, • 112— Nice sunny front room; private
• family; rent $6. . ' •.
FOLSOM, 620— Is closed for repairs. Will open
soon. »¦ . . ¦. - ".'¦ '. '--
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GEARY, 1012—1 sunny furnished room with use
¦ of bath and telephone. - .-¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Nice light single
hallroom, $6; bath; private; German.
GOLDEN GATE AVB., 1050— Large sunny, well-
furnished room; private family; free telephone.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly - furn. ;
Just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
In all appointments; inspection Invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single 1
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk and Taylor.
JESSnO, 478, near Sixth— Nice sunny rooms j
rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 804— Larg» sunny front nicely fur-
¦ nlshed; 1 pr 8 persons. •>¦< ' i
LARKIN, S19Vi— Sunny front room; cat, bath
and phone; private; $8 per month.
LEAVENWORTH, 405, near Ellis— Furnished
room to let. • ; ; • •
MARKET,. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
¦ nlahed rooms $2 a week up; SSo.a day up, .
MARKET. 1027H— Nicely furnished front room;
. also other rooms; sunny; terms reasonable. •
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MARKET." 1219—6 sunny rooms; rent $1V water
Included.- x . '¦ -
MCALLISTER, - 412 f room . ft— For ¦ rent, one
. Bleeping room; reasonable. .-¦'•..-
METROPOLB, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
•¦ furnished sunny rooms; 60c to $3 par day. .
MINNA,' M7, i corner Eighth— Newly furnish*."
. bay-window room;' $1 per week[ transient.
MISSION 1 . E61. near Second— Large front room
suitable for ; two; cheap ¦ rent' ' . - : "'
'OAK, 626— Three, or > four ¦-¦¦ sunny unfurnished
>¦ rooms; all modern conveniences; before 12 mj
O'FARRELL, ; 20— Sunny furnished : rooms and
'Offices; elevator; -elec.- lights; day, week, mo.:
O'FARRELL, 402^ — Large sunny : corner 'room;
"bay windows; fine view; furnished; reas'n'ble-.
O* FARRELL, 1 691— 2 . nicely furnished rooms,'
¦ suitable , for one or. two persona. ¦ v . ¦ .
O*FARREX>I4 805 — Comfortable furnished room;
'running water and bath; rent $7.' ..
POLK, 801-803 (The Vera)-Elegant parlor suite; >
. . other rooms; - bath, : phone and ¦ other, convent- '
fences.-- "¦¦ .;. ¦ .../'¦--.;,- •- ¦- ¦-¦•¦¦ -•¦:.;:._¦.-
POLK, 603— Sunny . suit* and 2 other rooms;
¦ rent reasonable;, running water and gas. ; > .;
POLK, 1539— Large front sunny room ; . single;
back; comfortable; desirable; private; reason-
¦ able. -.- -.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦_:¦,•;..-¦¦;«':.'?¦¦¦* ¦¦"¦ v ,"\ - ' -.'i 1 *'-.; ? ¦
POLK, 1911— 3 unfurnished, sunny rooms.- •'
POST, B27— Small sunny room; gas and ploeet j
FRDITYALEADYERflSEMENTS
_ FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A— Special Notice— The Home Building Com-
pany has removed its office to south side of
railroad track on . Frultvale avenue.
$300— Lots In Forest Park; £0x175;. a lrvely
locality. ¦ - • ' .
$1,3£&— New* house of four rooms and bath,
mantle, ' etc., lot 50x176 feet; sixteen
• bearing fruit , trees; small cash pay-
. ment, balance' same as rent.
- $650— House of five rooms, all plastered: lot
¦ \f~ 50xluO; city water; one block from
Haywards car line; this Is a bargain.
$900— House of five rooms and bath; chicken
houses, barn and good well; payments
' .112 60 per month; no payment down.
12,500— Beautiful six-room house, modern" In
every *respect. In the . center of Oak-
. land; , small cash payment; balance
same as rent.
$1,600— New modern house of six rooms and
bath: 'lot 50x124; four .blocks from
Fruitvale station: must sell. . '
$700— One acre, near Fruitvale avenue; good
'. . locality for raising chickens.
Houses of all kinds to rent. Money to loan
in any amount. " -~ • • '
Remember this address: The Home -Build-
ing Company, Fruitvale avenue, south- side
of railroad track. W. E. RUDELL.
• - - . .' - 222 Eansome St.; room 2.
MILL VALLEY REAL ; ESTATE.
THE HEART OF MILL' VALLEY.
. ¦ Formerly Known as - •
The -Wormonth Tract, -
j Now to Be Called
I - Sunnyslde Tract.
[ This beautiful tract, consisting of over ' 40
I acres, is now being subdivided • into lots and
I will be Immediately placed upon the market
! for sale. Streets will be graded, macadamised
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue nn Insurance policy for every lot sold
guaranteeing title.
• . McAFEE BROTHERS.
¦ - 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
OAKLAND : ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$15 per month— 6 rooms, sunny side, near San
Pablo ave.; total only $1000; liberal discount for
cash. • , " . '
$1400—8 rooms; good-sized lot; street complete;
near Grove et.
$2200— Fine home of 7 rooms; large lot; all in
condition; open lawn and stone walks: just oft
Telegraph ave.; a forced sale; look Into this.
$2500—8 rooms, right downtown; sunny side;
lot 20x100.
$3500—9 rooms; lot 30x125; close to Market sta-
tion; choice residence" location. . * '
$2500— Pair of flats (10 rooms) and rear cot-
tage: suitably located for a boarding and room-
ing-house: would rent for $37 per month stead-
ily; lot 37x140 feet: near local station.
$25 per month— A big bargain; right on Grove
st. ; Eastlake cottage^ 7 rooms, bath and high
basement; total only' $2500; see this place at
once.
$2500— Store, 5-roomed flat and rear six-roomed
cottage, on main street; own«r out of town;
flat loan $1500; will sacrifice for. a quick cash
sale.
$4000— Corner on San Pablo ave. ; store and
j living rooms; street work all done; forced sale
on account of 111 health of owner; finest oppor-
tunity In Oakland; choice business location; see
this at once. -
$800—6 rooms;, 50x115; sunny side. '
$1500—8 rooms; near Centre station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
- . • ¦' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000— A SELECT rooming-house; on main
street; pays well; furniture nearly i new;
fully occupied; rent $100; clears $90 per month.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$15 PER month; no cash required; cozy -home,
5 rooms; nearly new; lot 37x130; total $1200;
house cost $1600 to build; a big bargain.
$2200— A snap: fine home of 7 rooms; lot 40x
130; Just off Telegraph ave. ,
. . GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
/ ' 1008 Broadway, Oakland. ..
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO,, . ' 7/
4C0-462 Eighth St., Oakland. .
$20,000 — A gentleman's country home, near
Oakland; handsomely laid out ' with choicest
shrubberies; fine full teiring orchard; modern
residence. ¦ • . . ,
$12,500— Sacrifice;. magnificent suburban home;
5 acres; beautifully, situated between Oakland
and Berkeley.
$18,000— An- unusual sacrifice; cost $27,000; ele-
gant home; choicest central elevated block In
Oakland;' corner; | twj $30,000 and $40,000
houses adjoining. • ~
$13.500— Lakeside district; reduced from $18,000;
handsome 12-room up-to-date home; 100x150.
$8500— Alice St.; 12 rooms, bet. 13th and Dur-
snt;-we are authorized to sell; choicest location.
$5250— Cost $S500; elegant "centrally located
home,. 9 rooms; 60-foot lot. .-.¦¦•- ..
{4250 — Market station; modern 9-room home;
cost $5500: all In first-class order.
$5250— Fine modern 7-room flats; rents $50;
mortgaged; builder needs money; must sell.
$6000— Fine investment; two 2-story houses,
8 rooms; 60 feet: business property; near Broad-
way; rents ?510.
J3500— Telegraph and 33d; modern home, 8
rooms; 35x170; stable; splendid home.
$4100— Two acres, modern 8-room home; all
in fruit: nicely situated: at Elmhurst.
$3250— Beautiful Albion or 29th st.. near Tele-
graph ave.; lovely new 8-room home. '
* $2850— Snap; 5 blocks of Broadway; ! 9-room
modern home; 5 years ago cost over $4000.
$2850— Telegraph and 28th; beautiful tower
cottage, 7 rooms ; lot 50x145 ; fine neighborhood.
$2850— Near 8th and Adeline; fine 1%-story,
8-room cottage; cost $4000; offer wanted.
$2500— Offer wanted; over, $1500 mortgage; bay-
window 2-story house, 7 rooms, bath; fine order;
fine stable; lot 50 feet; near Telegraph ave. and
38th st. . . •
,$1100— Near 7th and, Broadway; old house, 6
rooms; E0 feet; bank 3ale; snap for right party.
$2750— Easy terms; cozy new 7-room Colonial
home; finely located: nearer than Linda Vista.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
' : . ' 460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$2200— A NEW bungalow cottage, up-to-date, 5
rooms and bath; an Ideal home; large' lot;
near local station and business centers; cheap
for $3000; owner must sell : wants an offer-
mortgage $1800, balance cash, i
.1. S. MYERS & CO.. '
¦ 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3700— ALMOST new g-room : house; double sets
of plumbing; concrete foundation; extra heavy
construction- material; double floor; beautiful
neighborhood;, sunny corner; close to busi-
ness centers, schools, cars, etc. ; built for a
home: cost $4800; owner leaving and must
- be sold: first come lirst served. " •--
. • J. B. MYERS & CO.,
$40 PER foot— Residence lot on Franklin st.; a
few blocks from l4th st; original selling price
.100 per foot; how is this— seeing, Is believing—
call. J. 8. MYERS * CO., ,
.-¦ 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3600-ORIGINAL cost J6000; a few blocks from
business centers: sunny exposure; lot 62 front;
barn, coachman's 'room; private water sup-
ply; terms $800 cash, balanoe bank mortgages.
" -, J. 8. MYERS £> CO., \
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
CORNER on Washington St., north of Tenth.
at a . price that the Income will net 6 per
cent on purchase price. •- V - ' • ¦•- •
¦'. • . . . A. J. SNTDER,
• ¦ 467 Ninth Bt, Oakland.'
PROPERTY on Clay street, north of Twelfth^
for $400 per front foot. , '¦ A-.~-
S A. J. SNYDER. 4C7 Ninth St. Oakland.
BEST corner on Clay st. at an 8 per cent ln-
come price. « . ¦,. - *
A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
WE can sell you 2-story 10-room 'house, lot B0
- xlOO, on Eleventh st., near Madison, for less
• than vacant land sells for in vicinity. ' ¦
A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
SYCAMORE stl, near. Grove:, fine modern cot-
tage home, .7 room and bath; lot 30x100; bank
loaned $2250 on this property; $2750.
A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
LOTS 50x135 within 2 minutes' walk* of- Lorin
or Adeline stations, from $200 to $300 each. .
.-• A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St., Oakland. '
LOTS In Roberts & Wolf skill Tract, 200 or 300
feet from Telegraph ave. line;. $150 for lot.
-.-.¦ A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth St., Oakland/;
WILLIAM - J. DINGER, , ¦¦ ¦ - . ~~ 7~
\- 930 Broadway,' Oakland. "•¦'¦'
< ¦ 30 CHOICE LOTS 30.
In the Sather tract adjoining ' . ' .
, Linda Vista Terrace. \V. ''*: ' ,..»
Linda Vista Terrace . •
Linda Vista Terrace.
Only $20 per front foot
Only $20 per front: foot
- . Street work ¦ now being completed — sewers,
cement walks, macadamizing. » - Homes I built
and sold on easy payments; three already sold
about to be started. , .-.
For fuU particulars, apply, to or address my
Oakland 'office. . . .
WILLIAM J. DINGEB, 903 Broadway, Oak-
land. - '.-¦ ¦¦•¦'¦ -- ; -*>-.' '•¦¦ :' ¦ .' - ".- _¦; ¦
FOR sale— A bargain; house of six rooms, good
barn and chicken houses; .lot 150x140; • great
5 variety of . large and small ¦ fruit and choice
'. flowers: must be* seen to be appreciated -
I healthiest part of Oakland. Inquire of owner
969 E. 12th st," bet. 19th and 20th av.,iB. Oak!
$1875 WILL buy 2 modern 4-room cottages, with
j lot 61x100; rents paying over 10 per cent Inter-
est on price asked; must be sold.: 'Address at
' once box 2250, .Call office, Oakland. *
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call
„•! M P*g«». in. wrapper, for nmlUBf, fl per year.
ROOMS TO ¦¦ LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
RUSS, 154, ' s off Howard— Sunny single and dou-
ble rooms, $6 up...;. ¦¦. .¦ . -.
ROSEDALE , House, . 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night, 25c t$ $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent night;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night,. 85o to $1 80; week. $2 to
$8;, month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms .with hot and cold water; baths. -
SHERMAN ADartment House. 28 Eighth st,
¦ near Market— Furnished. or. unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 449, nr. 6th— A sunny front room;
private family; for 1 or 3 gentlemen.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
¦rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. : 3S— Newly furnished- rooms, from $1 50
.to W Der week.
TURK. 543— Clean, quiet room for gentleman,
$.1 a week, with bath; private family:
TURK. 1206H,. near Buchanan— Four nice sun-
ny rooms furnished ~ for housekeeping ; $15.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
IDEAL apartments ; cozy f suites with bath,
private dining room; - perfect illumination;
elevator service; If in town for the summer
your stay will be of . comfort. Roanoke
808 Bush sf ; ¦•'-.- ...
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
. cellent table and service.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single.
With board. - - ?4ft
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia St., Mls-
sion warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;
reasonable rates; cars pass the door.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn. ;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
OAK.. 1907. cor. Cole, Panhandle of Park— New-
ly furnished rooms, with or without board.
PINE,' 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly; renov.; sunny suites, with board.
SECOND, E23 — 3 nice front sunny rooms;, back
and front parlor, kitchen, gas range; $14, y
VALENCIA. 471, near ISth— A large sunny front
room for 2 gentlemen, .with or without board;
reference. ... -. . . •
THE GAGE, 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service: board optional; references.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADT occupied all day wishes 1 large unfur-
nished room or 2 small ones, with board, in
French . family. Box 3315. Call office.
'.- _ Ro -? M ?. -y A y.T E -P?
THREE-or four large sunny unfurnished rooms
with modern conveniences. Address box 3310,
Call office.
TWO or S furnished housekeeping rooms, cen-
tral; baby; about ?12. Box 3363, Call olDce.
SAN MATEO BOARD AND ROOMS.
SAN MATEO— Sunny room; 1 or 2 persons;
good family board; reasonable. Box 3292. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ,
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe., reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mail; at drug-
glsts. Chlchcster Chemical Co., Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
' city c-r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery et.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
SEWIXG. MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you v.-ant to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Piambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even. ; phone Dlack 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
pTSllC^R^D^^PH^sToraige^nT^iovTnT^oiT
I . office Post and Powell sts. ; teL Main 5713.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;.
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1S21. - F. W. ZEHFUSS. ¦
_ TO LEASE. . ;.'.'-;..'¦¦
WANTED. to rent— Four months, house eight
• rooms, Santa Cruz Mountains, near coast;
daily mail: all kinds fruit; nice vegetable
garden ready for use; family, just vacated,
." . plenty wood, . water; ¦ can keep - horse; every-
thing; entire season,' $40. Address or call and
see (narrow-gauge, Fulton) JAS. KILGORE,
Bonny Doon. Cal. ... j
jryr^yjRiTERs^AND supplies.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRVTERS^We
. sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call.- 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. >
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-^ThTGlant Powder" Conv
pany. Consolidated— A dividend. No. 30, of
sex-enty-flve cents. (75c) per share on the- Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
•declared, ¦ payable at the office of the com-
pany; 430 California st, San Francisco,, on
June 10, 1901; "transfer books close June 3,
1901, at noon.- ' A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.— State .Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals- will be received at the office, of the
clerk at the. State Prison,. San Quentln. until
'10:30 a."m., Saturday, the. 15th -day of June,
1901, and at the office of the clerk . at ¦ the
State Prison at Folsom, until 9:30 - a. m.,
Monday, the 17th day; of June, 1901, at which
times and places they will be opened in the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering • supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil,- fur-
nishing power to run the. Jute mill at San
Quentln, . . clothing, . medicines, lime, ¦ cement
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901.
-to June 30. 1902. inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, .which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will be considered Unless made
upon said • schedules, nor unless accompanied
• by -the certified check therein required. * nor
from any other parties than bona flde dealers
in the classes of articles to be furnished.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
I responsible banking house for at least 10 per
- cent of the amount of his bid, payable to
R., M.FitEgerald, - president, of the board,
conditioned that the bidder will enter Into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
> quired ' by law. Bids for either prison • must
be marked separately. . All payments made
on contracts will ; be paid In cash or Con-
, troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the, schedules. : - The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bias, as the publlo Interest may require, and
to order . any quantity over or under the
amount specified. V. W. REYNOLDS, acting
clerk | R, M. FITZGERALD, president. :,
BIDS I WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors ¦ of the 'Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. S20 San some st
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a m
SATURDAY. June 8. : 190L - and opened lm-
, mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
' ' ders,' for furnishing ' and - delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies -for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July : 1, 1901,' and ending- December 31, 1901
Schedules with information and instructions
¦ for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
' plication ' by ' the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bld-
i _der must accompany his bid with' a certified
check upon some well-known and 'responsible
" banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
¦: amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
B Kinne, • treasurer, ; conditioned that ; the bidder
will enter into a rood and valid contract upon
| notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
. the amount specified. .,--"., - ;.. •
. Ad^. re "? J> i 6COVTLLB.^Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans', Home of Cali-
• , xornla. room/ 13,% 320 Bansome st., . San Fran-
oisco. CaL: By order \>f the Board of Dlrec-
• tors. ..•---„;¦-;-¦- , J. J. SCtrVTLLE. Secretary. -
MAHBIAGE IilCENSES. -
¦_ ' ".'.'¦%.¦- . v -- '*. . ¦-' ¦ ;¦' '
V, The following marriage licenses werV issued
yesterdayV- ' •-; -¦ - . —-¦ ,->...
' William J. Collier, 40, Juneau. Alaska, and
La Doska A." Noble, 40, city. .- .T^ ,
"i-. Leo G. Kaufman, 33, ' Juneau, Alaska, and
>Rosle"Selll2sohn. 25, city. . v . x
•-James L. Powell. 1 21, 2213 Taylor street,' and
Nellie T. Clarke.-. 20, 609 Howard street. •
- Henry ¦ J. ¦ McCoy, 63, • Berkeley, and • Fannie
Elizabeth Crowell, > 35, - city. .- — - • , ; .
.-/Joseph A. Rowell,i21, Oakland, and! Mary Q-
Miller, IS, Berkeley. V - ¦ r
' Harry. F.' Logan,- 21,' 343 Clement street, aid
FredericaVTrayers,- 21, 306 -Fifth avenue.'. •¦ * ¦¦
->¦ John : M.*- Wrightson, 32r San Jose, and Clara
B.Pratt,- 28. 856. Hayes street.' ¦>¦• - -, ..
- 1 Oscar T.-- Walling, S3,' 2319 Bryant street and
Marie Mehle, 81, 6 Chattanooga street. ¦
Joseph A. Regll,i40,-San Mateo, and Joseflne
Jjacramne,'* 29, . San : Mateo: ... iiiSgSsgfflg-
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL4HEDA "¦ REAL ESTATE.'
OUR SUCCESS IS /YOUR APPROVAL.
EVERY PURCHASER SATISFIED. >
Come and set a home from $400 to $30;000.
Great bargains offered this week. ' -. : '
_ When you purchase a home from the Alameda
Land Company you save rent and make money.
Two lovely cottages, only $1000 each; choice 5-
room cottage; the greatest bargain ever offered;
JlaOO., .- ¦,:'•.
A marvel In a 5-room modern cottage,, new;
J1800; easy terms; easy terms; easy terms.
,JS ew 6 -room colonial cottage; large lot; snap;
J22oO; 7. 8. 9 and 10 room house in all parts of
Alameda sacrificed; call and see us if you want
to b»iy. build or rent.
ALAMEDA LAND CO.. 1500 Park St.. Ala-
meda, and Frultvale ave.. Fruitvale. Office
open Sundays and evenlnss.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. '' ~ ~"
XZ, CCO— Modern 2-story house of 9 rooms; lot
33x170; near Bay and Morton st. stations;
terms to suit. CHARLES ADAMS . & CO..
Bay station. Alameda. - . ,*
FOR SALE-U500: new modern cottage. 5
rooms, bath and basement; lot 33x100: $200
cash, balance $20 per month. J. H. YOUNO,
builder. 1243 Park st. - ¦ .'
8-ROOM furnished house for June and July.
1511 Everett st.
ALAMEDA .HOUSEKEEPING r ROOMS.
3 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms to let. one
block from broad sauce station, lower floor:
desirable place. Address R. A. DAGUE, 1U«
Regent Bt.. Alameda. . ' . .
ALAMEDA ROOMS. J
ENCINAL ave.. 2042— Large sunny -furnished
room, 2 minutes Chestnut-st. station.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
,-,,-,,-,.,.,,,,. ..,.,_._._¦ _ . ,., -,
FOR special bargains in Berkeley homes on the
Installment plan see H. D. IRWIN. Lorin
- station. - • j ¦
NOTE THE FOLLOWING: i
$S50— Lot 40xlS5; ltf-story house. 6 rooms;
well, windmill and tank.
$1000— Lot 50x138: cottage house 4 rooms; i
well; street work done; convenient to Berke-
ley station.
$1300— New modern cottage. ' 5 rooms and
bath: lot 40x100; flOO cash, $20 per month; a
rare chance.
¦ $1600— Lot 40x100; close to station; street '
work done; 2-story house 7 rooms and bath;
well; windmill and tank; $100 cash; $20 per
month; a poor man's opportunity.
' $1800— Lot 37:6x100; close to station, stores,
schools, churches, etc; new modern cottage.
6 rooms, bath, high basement, etc.
"¦¦ H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. |
BARGAIN— 4-room house, large lot, close to
• station, 1 block to 2 electric car lines; price
$700; only $50 cash, balance $10 monthly.
Bargain — New 5-room cottage; modern; con-
venient to station, stores and cars; price
$1SOO; only $200 cash, balance $17 monthly.
Must be sold at once; 6-room cottage, deep
well, windmill, tank, large barn, chicken
houses, large lot; price $1250; terms, $200 cash,
balance $12 monthly. -
Come and see our new 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9
room houses; latest style; jylces range from
$1250 up; will take clear lot in part payment,
or will buy lot in any location and build to
suit; or you can make monthly payments,
same as rent. Take Berkeley train, get oft
at Lorin station, office west side of railroad
track. Open Sundays. RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON. . -
DO YOU WANT TO BE BEHIND THE TIMES?
If not take a look to-day at those houses on
Prince et, Lorin; 2-story j house of 9 rooms and
only $3300; corner lot; street work all done.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and only $2750;
guaranteed to be as well built as any house
erected and equipped with electric lights, gas.
Combination fixtures.
Window shades.
Cement sideswalks and the ability to cook
your; potatoes with the aid of the sun's rays;
each house has a - . - •
SUNSHINE WATER HEATER.
Mind you, living in one of these houses you
need never be without hot water, night or day;
take a look at them and when ready to talk
business call upon ' '•..-.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
- Adjoining P. O., Berkeley.
HOMES IN BERKELEY. ¦
$1500— 6-room house; $1500— 6-room . house.
$2000 — 6-room house; $2500 — 6-room house.
$3250— €-room house; $2500— 7-room house.
$4000 — 8-room house; $5000 — 11-room house.
$5000— 9-room house; S6500— 11-room house
$6S0O— Business corner; $12,000— store building.
SATOFF & WILKINS.
2121 Center St..
Berkeley, Cal.
$1050— FOR a fine sightly lot in North Berkeley,
about 4 blocks east of the R. R. depot;
street macadamized; size 60x134;* grand
view; perfect title. .
$500 —For the biggest bargain in town; lot
60x134; situate on Milvia st., near Vir-
ginia; street work done.
$3750— New modern, up-tc-date house in the
ecenlc park, near the college; 7 rooms:
large lot.
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley station.
No. 122, $1200— 5-room cottage; lot 50x110; cor-
ner; cheapest cottage In Berkeley.
No. 190, $1750 — 6 rooms and large attic; owner
gone North and ordered this property sold at
a sacrifice.
No. 194. $2300— Property must be sold; 6-room
house; large lot; 1 block to electric cars; make
an offer.
$6000— 14-roo-m house for exchange for Income
ranch: well located for rooming-house. '
S. S..QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance,
--- - Opposite First National Bank.
5-ROOM cottage, mantel, bath, stationary-
tubs; high basement; street work all done;
price $1300; $100 cash, balance $14 monthly.
J. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
FINE large 4-roomed bay-window cottage; hall-
bath; large pantry; high basement; sunny
side of street; fine well of water; tank and
windmill; lot 50x100; chicken-house and yard-
2. blocks to station: price $1600: terms to suit
J. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
NEW 7-room 2-story Colonial house; lot 40x125 •
barn; electric and gas fixtures; 2 blocks to
' Etatlon, 1 block to electric cars; price $1900-
$100 cash, balance $20 monthly.
J. R. PERKINS (formerly Oellerich, &
Perkins). Lorin Station, Berkeley. -
PRETTIEST cozy little home in Berkeley—
, New. complete; open plumbing: fronts main
street: electric cars In front, near station; lot
40x138; sloping lawn, flowers, chicken houses,
stone walks, etc.. etc.: easy terms If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., -
1008 Broadway. Oakland. •
A RARE chance— 15 lots near State University,
North Berkeley: $750 if taken as a whole im-
medlately. Box 3374. Call office..
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address in the
united States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid. ¦ -
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITY AXE REAL ESTATE.,
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal
$225— Choice building lot 100x100: must be
sold; cost owner $400.
$350— Lots 50x200 fronting on two streets: fine
location for a home.
$375-Cozy cottage of 4 rooms/ furnishedT
stable, chicken houses and 30 chickens;- tocil
horse, harness and cart; fruit trees In bearing-
lot 50x108; all fenced. • -
$1100 (reduced from $1500) will buy a nice
ccttaee of 5 rooms and basement, etc.- lot
£0x147; only 1 block from electric cars; $1OU
etsh, balance same as rent. *
Si;;o— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and K-ith-
high basement; lot 33x115; fruit trees; located
In the best part of Frultvale: only half a block
from Frultvale v ave.; easy terms if desired
S1C0O— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; cottage of 3
large rooms and basement ; stable, chfeken
houses, large brooder-house; choice fruit trees
In bearing; fine location; Just the place for
raising chickens. .
J1S00— Two acres of sandy loam; modem cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement-
stable and chicken houses; good well, windmill
and tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric
cars. it -
Chicken ranch of 5 acres In bearing orchard-
good house of 4 large rooms, barn and chicken
houses for rent at $12 per month; stock and*
fixtures for sale consisting of 460 chickens
ducks and .geese, good horse, harness and •
buggy; located, on main county road one mile
from Fruitvale station. For particulars apply
to H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station. CaL
$700— 4-ROOM cottage, hard finished- city
water; fruit and berries; street car passes
door: two ¦ blocks from Frultvale ave. : lot
30x115. '. - ¦ ¦ • . • - •
?80O— 4-room cottage; hard finished ; lot ¦ 50x
100; chicken house and flowers; part cash, bal-
ance on installment.
$2100— Fine 5-room cottage; all modern;' chick-
en house and .yard; fruit trees; . corner; 120x
135; fenced ; one- third cash. ¦ : - r .. .
$5250— 9-rocm - two-story house; all' modern '
with fine stable, windmill and tank; street
cars pass door; 2*4 acres, of land; $1OMK cash
balance to suit. ' . ,- . - • .. r ,_. >. ,
$1350— 5-room cottage; modern; ' high base-
ment; street work all done; lot 42x150- • two
blocks from . street cars ; one-third . cash, bal-
ance on ' time. ' . • • . ;
"Apply at ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
.'¦¦¦ ' . . Fruitvale Station, • or .
- ' ' /T500 Park St.. • Alamedai,
$15 PER. month; no cash down ; - nearly new
home 5 rooms; lot 27:6x130 feet; close to school
and train; total only $1200; .cost $1600 to
build; a bargain; look this up. \
$500— Elegant residence lot* 60x125 feat : on
Frultvale ave^ . - * •
-- GEO. W, AUSTIN ft CO.;
-.••.¦,; ; ;-' 1008 Broadway, Oakland/
REAL ESTATE — OITT— FOB SALS.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
¦ of Property.
$4000— Green, close to Hyde st. gars; nice
home of 7 rooms; line vstw of bay.
J6500— Investment; O'Farrell, neaf Laguna;
rents SSO; never vacant; see us about this.
12700— Investment: Zoe st.. near Third and
Bryant: rents J3G0 per annum; Just put in
good order.
$2500— Cottage, 8 rooms; Tenessee st.. near
.Union Iron Works; ren's steadily tM: a bar-
gain; Rlsdon Works will soon have 2000 more
- men employed near by.
$3000— Lot on eouth side Chestnut st..' west of
Hyde; 27:6x110! fine view of bay.
$5500— Lot on Green, near Hyde-st cars;
68:9x137; will subdivide; fine view.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st
IN Mill Valley— A nice home for sale, cheap,
on account of departure. 526 Turk St., S. F.
FOR SALE— One lot, 22x100, on north line of
Persia ave. S3 feet oft Mission st. Address
THOS. LOUNDS, Battle Mountain. Nev.
IF you have lets to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUKX. 530 California et.
REAL ESTATE COU.VmV — For Snl«
O. H. UMBSEN* & CO.. 14 Montgomery et.,
NAPA COUNTY.
Estate 6ale — Irvingwood Ranch — A beauti-
ful country site of 1C9 acres In the heart of
Napa Valley; land it most fertile and of a
choice, deep, dar* chocolate loam; runntng
water to house; garden, yard and barn; 45
acres In finest variety of choice fruits; mod-
ern house of 12 rooms; hot and cold water
and beth; 6-room cottage, barn and other
• buildings ; the house is one block from post-
office, railroad station, telegraph and tele-
phone office, with road to Napa City watered
all summer. This property muet be sold to
settle an estate, and any reasonable offer
will be submitted to the court for approval.
R. S. BROWNE, Manager Country Dept
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery et
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City.
Eutter Co., short distance from Marysville: all
under cultivation: all rich valley land: few
beautiful live oak trees; good buildings; well
wat«red and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and Is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
In whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings: well fenced: short
distance from Yuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
cold In whole or in part io suit purchaser and
fit an extremely low prjice.
The two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
•will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department
FOlt- eale— Nice country home: cost over $6000:
make offer for cash; a handsome place of 5
acres, 2 miles from Vallejo and Mare Island
Navy Yard; good hard-finished 7-room house:
part furnished; all necessary outbuildings; 2
new aermotor windmills with tanks: water
piped all over place; good soil: land set out
in bearing orchard and ornamental trees;
fruit of all kinds and of best varieties; includ-
ing fine black horse and harness, new Stude-
baker buggy, cart, 2 wagons, implements,
tools, etc: tils property is in perfect condi-
tion and bears investigation. Call on FRED
HOLLMAN, 136 Georgia St.. Vallejo.
THE Mezes Tract at Belmont
Containing* over £00 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view;. within one hour
of the city; in subdivision; price only $75 per
acre and up.
For further particulars, address
• McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
FOR sale— SO acres of the richest farming land
in the State, situated at Marshall, Marin
County, including all buildings and spring of
fres^h running water; county road and N. P.
C. R. R. passes round the farm; 6 minutes'
' walk to schoolhouEe, 6 to post office; 6 minutes
to N. P. C. R. R. station: details and price
on application. Address JAMES RISCIONI,
Marshall, Marin County. Cal:
FINE farm of 620 acres, near Marysville; 480
acres wheat 15 acres garden, berries.- fruits;
balance summer fallowed.
A water right to 2000 Inches of water goes
with the place. The ditch will cover several
thousand acres. The water right alone worth
the price asked for the place. This must be
sold to close up an estate; price $25 an acre.
Address box 476. Marysville. »
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion,' no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturist." The W.
A- MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
FOR sale— At sacrifice, well-improved fruit and
poultry ranch of 8% acres in Mendocino Co.
Address C. E. TUTT. Uklah. Cal.
FOR sale^ — 22 acres of land, well set In alfalfa.
In the creamery district: mile from Newman,
Btanielaus Co.; price J100 per acre. MRS. M.
A. L., 1207A Bush 6t, S. F.
TWO young men would like to develop a farm
In one of the bay counties; willing to pay
taxes or email rental for Interest. Box 3262.
Call office.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for rale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
TO trade— Desirable NE. cor. on Point Lobos
. ave.. S. F.. for Oakland or Alameda County
property. P. H. BLAKE. Frultvale P. O.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write Tor
free list. C. R. WIXFIELD. Petaluma. Cat
FOR Mendocino • County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Uklah. Cal. ¦
$3500; RANCH. 4 miles from Healdsbur^i 110
acres. Apply 1428 EUls et.
SAFSALITO REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE or for rent^SsO; Just" completed •
f-room residence In the choicest part for
view and sunshine; every convenience: strict-
ly modern and built by day work; $400 cash;
J30 the first month, payments decreasing
each month if desired; lot 60x120 feet. DR
. CRUMPTON. Sausalito. or Albert WUford!
8009 Jackson st. San Francisco, from 12 td 5.
KROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley home, 7% acres; bearing orchard-
modern house. 10 rooms; S minutes' walk from
Ross station; very cheap. J. TUNSTEAD
San Anselmo. * *
REAL ESTATE M'ASTED. ;
WANT to rent chicken ranch. E to 20 acres
within 40 miles of San Francisco. Bex 3353*
Call office. . '
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A— PRINTED list of city and country prop-
erty for exchange or sale on easy terms. Call
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call
NEW house. € rooms, bath, lot 50x100, S3G00-
r^Vi? 15 ' * roomt - bath. lot 25x100. $1800; both
in Mission; will accept acreage or sand lots
In part payment. Owner. 413 Kearny st.
EXCHANGE— Butcher shop for city or country
real estate; reason, going to Nome. 3055 16th.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$800— Lot 45x150, one block from Park st
with 6-room house; easy terms
$1100— Lot 25x145; neat cottage. 4 rooms and
bath; nice garden; street work done; only
block from Park Bt •
$1500— Lot 23:4x125; B rooms and bath; on Cen-
tral ave.; must be sold on account of
departure.
$1900— Lot 30x150; up-to-date cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; $250 cash, balance $20 »per
month.
$3000— Lot 40x150; near Morton-st. station; ele-
gant new 7-room cottage; $500 cash; bal-
ance $25 per month.
$3500— Lot 40x133; ilorton-st. station; 8 rooms
f|, and bath; Vfc Etory house; basement all
•i«A« ? nlsn^ & x ««* a nd 125 per month.
$4000— Lot 40xluO; Morton st., near station and
school; elegant 2-story house of 8 rooms
and bath: billiard room, etc.; new and
up to dale; $750 cash, balance less than
rent; great snap. .
'Choice lots cheap for cash. Houses built to-
order on easy terms. Houses to let in all
parts of Alameda. H. P. 11OREAL & CO.
1422 Park et..
Alameda, CaL
"W. K. CONGER & CO. ! ~~~
Real Estate.
Phone Grand 176. 1601 Park st
Must be sold; beautiful 8-room 2-story house
on San Jose ave.; this Is a rare chance to se-
cure a lovely home at less than half price
$2750— Worth $6000; Inquire about this; you
can make $1000 in two months by buying this
property. . '
• $450— Nice 4-room cottages.
Stop paying rent
$1850— Don't borrow, but buy this lovely home
of 7 rooms and bath; 3 blocks from station-
lot 25x70. • X
¦ Our services will be valuable to you if you
want to buy, cell, rent or exchange propertj'
and If you want to borrow or loan money
don't fail to call on us.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
Phone Grand 176. 1501 Park St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
Webster Bt. station,
HOUSE— Beautifully furnished; 9 rooms; large
garden and grounds; rented cheap for summer
months. J. Elder Co., 22 Kearny st- Elder
Rental Bureau. vv '
- - t i - - ... -/ - * r • . k _ nM i ¦•¦
Helolse Underwood, 25, city. •¦_,,„,,,« an d
~ George , Allen. 26. : .182 Hickory avenue, ana
Mary Brooks, 26, 182 Hickory •?»»«; h \ Btreet#
Frank L/ Barney/ 26, 2910 Steteentt^ »*««¦
-d Agnes
Bennescheldt. 19. 34 Douglass "reel.. t
t, James T. Summerville, 32. 50 Geary street,
and Amy E. Cadien. 24. Oakland. v,
Koimon Sal to. 38. 436 Geary Btreet. ana mine
Ichlji. 23. 126 Golden Gate avenue. _^^__
> BfflTHS-MAEBIAJMJm"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent 'by
mall will not be inserted. They must be ****?<*
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence or per-
eon3 authorized to have the same publlsnea.
r bobn.
BENTZ— In this city. May 26. 1901, to the Wife
of Philip G. Bentz. a son. /
BROAVN-In this city. May 28. 1901. to the
! wife of M. J. Brown, a daughter. •
GRAF— In this city. May 14. 1991. to the wlfs
of F. W. Graf, a son. ,,
HOTOP-In this city. May 31. 1901, to the
wife of G. L. Hotop, a daughter.
HTNES— In this • city. May M. 1901. ¦ to the
wife of George Hynes, a son. , .
KELLY- In this city. May 31. 1901. to the
wife of P. J. Kelly, a son.
McKNEW— In this city, May 28. 1901. to ths
wife of H. L. McKnew, a daughter.
SHEA— In this city. May 30. 1901, to the wife
of C. A. Shea, twin SDns. ,
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 28. 1901. to the
wife of C. R." Sullivan, a daughter.
TREACY— In this city, June 1. 1901, to ths
wife of T. E. Treacy, a daughter.
MAEETED.
ALLEN— BROOKS— In this city. June £ 19*U
•by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson., Geor 0 e
Allen and Mary Brook*, both of San Fran-
cisco.
BEACH— FULLER— In this city. May 30. 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuenaleling. Robert O. Beach
and Llllie Fuller.
BENKERT-FITZGERALD-In this city, John
H. M. Benkert and May Fitzgerald.
BISHOP— VOORHIES— In ; this city. June 1.
1801. by His- Grace Archbishop Riordan. at
the episcopal residence, Thomas Porter
Bishop and Anna Voorhies, daughter of Dr.
A. H. Voorhies.
CHEYNEY— BRUCHMAN— In this city. June
1. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Oria C.
Cheyney of ¦ Mare Island. Cal..- and Olga. L.
Bruchnian of San Francisco.
FLEMER-GEFKEN— In this city. May 29,
1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke. Henry Fle-
mer and Metta Gefken.
HAYS— MCDONALD— In this city. May 26. 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Carl J. Hays and
Jessie B. McDonald.
HULBERT-JOHNSTON-In this city. June 1.
1901, at Central Methodist Episcopal Church.
by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller. Albert E.
Hulbert and Elizabeth Johnston, both of San
Francisco.
JONES— BARRY— In this city. May 30, 1901.
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William
H. Jones and Mary Ann Barry, both of San
Francisco.
JULLICH— CHRISTMANN— In this city. May
23. 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. August
Jullich and Ruby Christmann. .
McDADE-MURPHY-In this city. May 27.
1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
William P. McDade and Minnie E. Murphy.
both of San Francisco.
' ' • DIED.
Anderson, Charles ' Hempel. Herman E.
Barron. Ann Hobson. Mrs. Anna
Bauer, John McAleer. Delia
BasEignano. Susan McGovern, Jane '
Burke, Ruth Miller, Marie M.
Chielovich, Ella' Moffat. Annie
' Clark. Mary : O'Connor. Michael -
Crowe. Ottilia O'Reilly. John P.
Dodge, William W. Reid. Bernlce A. ,
. Donne. Richard M. Roubolt, Frank
Doyle, Frank ? Ruddock. Elizabeth
Flynn. Thomas C. Semeria. Catherine
Foley, Michael R. Sheldon. Adelbert S.
Goble. Nellie Smith. Jane
Goetz, Anna Struthers, Peter
Hall, Gilbert Umbach. William C. •
Hart, Bartholomew Werthman. Harriet
Hausmann. Carrie A. Whitley, Ellen S.
' Hayden. James F. - Yost. Anton
Heinz, Henry
ANDERSON— In this city, May 31, 1901,
Charles, beloved 'husband of Frances Ander-
son, and father of Henry and Georgie An-
derson, a native of Sweden, aged 7T % years
| and 6 months. - ,
BARRON— In this city, June L 190L Ann Bar-
ron, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
" aqed 71 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St John's
Church (Old St. Mary's College), where a
solemn' requiem mass will be celebrated for
-¦the- repose of .her soul, . commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAUER— In this city, June 1. 1901. John, be-
loved husband of Justina Bauer, and father
of Jacob G., Fred H.- and the late John W.
Bauer, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged
67 years 1 month and 23 days.
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of the Vereln
EIntracht. 2 Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BASSIGNANO — A solemn requiem month's
mind mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of the late Susan Basslgnano at
St. Brendan's Church- to-morrow (Monday),
at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are
invited to attend.
CHIELOVICH— In this city. May 31. 1901. at
his residence. 2217 FUlmore street Ella
Chielovich, beloved father of Mrs. M. J.
Fottrell, a native of .Rlsano, Austria, In his
77th year,
ty Friends are Invited to attend a solemn
. requiem mass for the repose of his soul, to
be sung to-morrow Monday), at 9:30 o'clock,
at St. Dominic's Church^ Interment private.
CLARK— In tthls city.- May 31. 1901, Mary
Clark, beloved wife o/ the late Thomas
Clark, and beloved mother , of Mrs. David
| Reuhleln and James P. Clark, a native of
Ireland, aged 71 years 1 month and 29 days.
• C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 ¦ o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. David Reuhlein, 2870
Twenty-fourth street, near Florida. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. ¦ Cemetery.
CROWE— In Alameda, May SI. 1901, Ottilia
Crowe, beloved wife of Herbert Crowe, and
sister of Antone Wegis of Jewetta, Cal., a
native of Germany, aged 34 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. 2506 Eagle avenue. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DODGE— In this city. May SO,. 190L William
; Winslow Dodge,' father of William G. and
Henrietta M. Dodge and Mrs. Pierson Dur-
brow, a native of New York. (Watertown,
N. Y., papers please copy.) ' • • ;
ETFuneral services at the residence of
Pierson Durbrow, 2209 Broderick ¦ street
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock. ' Inter-
. ment private: . / -
DONNE— In this city, May 81, 1901. Richard
M.. beloved husband of Mary Donn«, and
loving father of Joseph - H.. Richard J.,
Mary, Margaret. Julia - and Alice Donne, a
native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 64 ' years 4
months and 8 days. ¦ •
. B7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1009 McAlllstef street thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount* Cal-
Tvary Cemetery.
DOYLE— In Oakland, June L 1901. Frank, be-
loved son of the late John and Catherine
Doyle, and brother of - John and Tina Doyle
'. Mrs. J. H. Rourke. Mrs. J. G. Conway Mrs'
' Arnold, Mrs. Westphall and Mrs. McBrlde a
native of Oakland, aged 27 years ( months
. and 4 days. . V
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday)' morning, from the residence of
•- Mrs. J. H. Rourke. 6101 San Pablo avenue
' » thence to St Columbia's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his ' soul. ' Interment St. Mary's
. Cemetery. . - *.'..'
FLYNN— In this city. June V 1901. Thomas C
. beloved husband of Catherine Flynn. f ather
of- John T. Flynn and Mrs." N. Danes, and
: brother of James Flynn, a native of Ireland
aged 75 years. . '
. ttyinterment strictly private.
FOLETY— At Fort Point,' June 1TU01. Michael
.:R., beloved son of Michael and. Alice Foley
and brother of Julia Foley, aged S months
and 7 days.
GOBLE— In thU city. May a. .- mm. NbIHb
¦'-. Goble, beloved wife of XE. GobleWid sis! "
Ut ? 7 MrSj-W^Moore. Mrs. C. Wetsh^ni and
.- Katie and < Emma Cuff, a native of San
» Francisco. . . .
..:¦¦ iCTFuneral to-morrow (Monday) at ¦
.o'clock, from the residence of her sister 1311
. Larkin street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a high requiem': mass will be
:. celebrated - for the repose of her soul com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private
Please omit flowers. ; ,
GOETZ-7ln Los Gatos,' May 29, MOl.' Anna
Goetz. beloved wife of Joseph GoetzT ana-
tlve of France, -aged 46 years and S months.
ITT- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thirday
;' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock,* from her late resl-
;_ dence. 1854 Vallejo street thence to the
. French Church of Notre Dame . des Vlctoires
. • Bush street for services. , Interment Mount
¦, Calvary. Cemetery. ,.¦¦..; * ._ ¦
BURKB— In 'this . city) June . 1., 1901, Ruth
dearly, beloved; daughter of William' and An-
nie 'A. Burke, a native of San Francisco.
HALL— In Oakland, June 1. 1901, at 814 Thlr-
- teenth street Gilbert, husband of Lena Hall.
:.- a native : of . New .-York, aged ' 83 years T
months and : 15 ; days. . „_ . :
HART— Drowned i In -r Eureka, i May M, 1301,
4 Bartholomew,, beloved son -¦ of James and
Mary. Hart, and brother ot Mm Rutherford,
ji'm'es^^wh Mrs - Schiller and Michael.
*§**£?• 35- « -"^ a "
fully invrJS f nd acquaintances are respect-
(SundavT It iVM end tne f «°«al this day
of the »»i, 1>3 ° ° clock . from the residence
St. Rose*. ?l 9 ' 4 2? Bryant street, thence to
at - 2 %l. Church for services, commencing
Cemetery. Interment Mount Calvary
H A.Y S teS~I?r thl3 , clty - **y 31, 1301. Carrl*
loving motoe? £ t°* Ac!olph Hausmann. and
FrancesP n Of Laurence A.. Mabel C. and
Erie Coumy 11 v^ a V a natlv * "'Akron
months and fis days. ' C yCar3 U
VuHy^Sviud t« d * c "^alnUnces are respect-
¦ Sunday) at \ ufS'PJ** luneral this day
dence 39 j!!,' 30 ° cloclt . her late resi-
Tenth Md ?, r '^f 1 ' ° ¥ S Folsom. between'
Law£ Cemetery. • lBte ™«»t Cypres-
117 - May 3t « 1301 . James
Hayden a nimt S ,°\. of "^mas and Sara
yl^ lmonth at a; e d°22 day/™" 0 ' 300 ' X
of the DaV^'iiV 1^ 11 - from tne residence
MVun^aT^ycemaery' 1 *?* IntermeDt
HEINZ-In th!3 city. June f * rirtl Henrv
•S o t 1 Tm, hUSt ? nd o" MarJjrlt He°£
t? i? ; *r .t Hlld ? bran;1 - tactile* of Mrs.
Margaret Ilolk and Ja"ob Hpinz and
brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. J W Sun-
eart. a native of Birmingham. England, aged
aO years 3 months and 7 days
HEMPEL-In this city. May SI. 1901. Herman
E. Hemoel. beloved hus'oanri of Johanna
Hempel, a native of Gelenhausen. Germany
asred 67 years and 27 days, a member of
Gerrr.ania Lodge Xo. IIS. 1. O. O. F. • Wal-
halla Encampment No. 7. I. O. O F and
Eureka Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2329 Waihlnzton street. Interment L
O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HOBSO:;— In thls» city. June 1. 1901. Mrs. Anna
Hc-bsnn, ' beloved wife of Harold F. Hobson.
and daughter of Frank Pagel of Tracy. Cal.,
a native of California, azed 20 years and I
mcntl's.
C7Fti«»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow iMonday). at 10:30 o'clock, at
Howard Presbyterian Church. Oak and Baker
streets. Interment private.
McALEER-In this city. May 3L 1301. Delia,
beloved wife of the late Frank McAleer. and
beloved mother of Mary. Rose. James and
Agnes McAleer. a native of Ireland, aged M
years and 2 months.
(DTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 291 Clara street, thence- to St Pat-
. rick's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McGOVERN— In this city. May SL 1301, Jane*
beloved wife of John McGovern, and mothe*
of James E., John J.. Thomas H.. Leo W..
Mary J. and Catherine A. McGovern, a na-
tive of Ireland.
Eyrhe funeral will take plaoe to-morroir
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her lat* resi-
dence, 3147 Larkin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repos* of her
soul, commencing at : 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. May 30, 1901, Marls Ml
Miller, beloved wife of Adam Miller.
(E7Funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
from her late residence, 2424 Folsom street,
between Twentieth and Twenty-flrst. Inter-
. ment private.
MOFFAT-In this city. May SL 1301, Annle»
beloved wife of the .late James Moffat,
mother of John, James, William and Robert
Moffat. Mrs. J. C. Johnston and Mrs. O. B.
Kelson, and grandmother of James Wynn. a
native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 6»
years 1 month and 2 days.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resldenc*
of her daughter, Mrs. J. C. Johnston. B0?
' Andover street, near Cortland avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In the City and County Hospital,
June 1. 1901. Michael O'Connor, a natlv* of
Ireland, aged 81 years. • „¦.'». •;¦:.
O'REILLT— In this city, June 1, 1901. John P.
O'Reilly, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, .655 Pine street, thence to St. Mary's
Church (Paulists 1 ), wihere a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reposs of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
REID— In this city. June 1. 1901. Bernlce A..
beloved daughter of the late Captain Fred
and Emily Reid, and sister -rUf Addle and
. Freddie Reid, a native of Nevada, aged 11
years and 6 months. , -
ROUBOLT— In this city. May 31, 1901, Frank,
beloved husband' of Agnes Roubolt. a nativa
of Michigan, aged 3S vears 4 months and It
days. A member of the Boilermakers and
"»Iron Shipbuilders Of America; also I. O. R.
M. of Oregon.
C7" Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street Inter-
I ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RUDDOCK— In this city. May S3. 1901. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of A. J. Rnddock_ and
daughter of Mrs. E. Chadwlck. aged 27 years.
ICT'The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. Seventh avenue, south of Golden
Gate Park, i Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ' .
SEMERLV— In this city. May SO, 1901, Cather-
ine. . dearly beloved wife of the late Joseph
¦ Semerla, and mother of tha late Jules M.
Semeria. Henry. Joseph and Clara Ben*rla
and Mrs. W. Genesy, a native of Franca,
aged 63 years. .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will tak« place
this day (Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the
residence of her son. Henry Semeria. "~62Si<.
Green street, thence to Notre Dame des Vlc-
toires French Church for services, and thenca
by electric funeral car. Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets, at 2:45 o'clock for Holy Cross
Cemetery. A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
- said church on Monday, June 3, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
SHELDON— In this city. May 29, 1901, AdelDert
S. Sheldon, beloved husband of Mlna Shel*
don. a native of New York, aged Eft years T
months and 28 days. A member of Lincoln
Post No. 1. G. A. R.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend .the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B*rlta
Hall, 121 Eddy street Funeral under ths
- auspices of ¦ Lincoln Post No. 1, O. A. R.
Interment National Cemetery. '
SMITH— In Oakland. June 1, Md, Jane be-
loved wife of Daniel Smith, and mother of
"William. Robert.- Alice. Bertha and Kail*
Smith. Mrs. C. Roach. Mrs. L. Fossland.
Mrs. H. Foster and Mrs. C. Cheeks, a native
of Ireland, aged 65 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect»
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
June 4. 1901. at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1812 Seventh street; thence to St Pat-
rick's Church, where solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
STRUTHERS— In Port Costa. May 8X. 190J,
Peter Struthers, & native of Scotland, age3
83 years. . - - - - < .
CTThe funeral of the late Peter Btruthors
will take place from the M. E. Church, Mar-
tinez, to-morrow (Monday), at 10 <yclock.
.The remains will leave H. J. Curry's funeral
parlors on arrival of 9:57 a, m. train from,
Port Costa direct to the church* Interment
Alhambra. Cemetery.
MEMBERS of the Bay Counties ¦Warehouse-
men's Protective Association are requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
, Peter Struthers. By order
ASSOCIATION COMMITTEE.
UMBACH— In this city. May 31. 1901, ¦William
C, dearly beloved son of Christ L. and da-
ily M. Umbach, and beloved brother of Adela
M., Lillian E. and Gustave G. Cmbaeh, a na-
". tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years •
months and 21 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'• fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence, of
his parents. $963 Twenty-fourth street be-
tween Sanchez and Noe. Interment L O. O.
F. . Cemetery.
WERTHMAN— In this city. June 1, 190L Har-
riet Louise ¦Werthman. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Slgmund and Celia ¦Werthman. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months;
and 14 days.
¦Sv-HITLET— In this city. May 30. 1901, Ellen
' S.. dearly beloved wife of William J. Whit-
ley, daughter of Mrs. S. 'and the late a
Hanson, and sister of Mrs. G. Simmer and
Harold E. and Victor Hanson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2S years 10 months and '
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1216% Alabama street, between Twen-
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to the
First English Lutheran Church. Geary street
between Gough and Octavla, where services*
will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock. In.
- terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TOST— In this city. May 31, 1901. Anton TW_
beloved husband of Julia Yost, and brother
o< Albert Tost and Mrs. Cornelia \ Tannian
a native of San Francisco, aged 39 years!
months and 14 days. . *_ T " ••¦
(tyFriends and acquaintances are resii«~*
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dar
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Metzler's nar-
' lors. 60S Washlncton street. Interment Odd !
¦Fellows' Cemetery. .-, r-°
CARD OF THANKS.' ]
We wish to extend our heartfelt thanks to
our friends for the kindness shown us inoor
saddest hours: also thanking 'Mr Suhr f£r
his kind attention. - r Ior
, ERNST LILTENTHAL and Family.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher >
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN Mgr '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E1IB\LMER3L
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School. -
' , -.- Telephone South 80.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN - BROS.
Funeral Directors and • Embalmers
31, EDDY, STREET. ' '
Telephone South 252. . San Francisco. \
-Ng_Cgnn«ction With Any Other House. i'¦One -of the. .two men' arrested at' the
Chutes - Thursday on ¦. suspicion" of being
a ; pickpocket was recognized yesterday as
George ; Carr,'« one of the most ' notorious
pickpockets in ' this '.'city. ¦ Ho was re
leased : -from -custody;: by Captain Sey
mour '. yesterday ' after being , warned
to; keep * away from crowds in the fu
ture, v Joe > Sullivan, his companion, was
detained to -. be shown -to ; the 'various
watches.' There 1 . was another well known
pickpocket with ' them at ¦ the Chutes, but
he made, his escape.^3$Sn8s1feUAUSttfBUBi
' ,The principal collection of books, 180,000
in number, possessed by the Queen, is
contained in the royal library; at "Windsor.
Cash- quotations.; were as follows: ., =
: Flour, , quiet; winter patents, -$3 80®3 90:
straights, $3 20@3 70; * clears, fZ 60®4 20; spring
specials, ' 14 20; ¦; hard patents, ,,, J3 65@3 80;
straights; $3 05«gi3 25 ; No. 2 spring wheat, 73^c;
No. 8 spring. 73%®73%c: No. 2 red. 74%@75'^c;
No.'2 corn, 42%@43%; No. 2 yellow, 42H@43V4c;
No. -2 oats. 28%c;No. » white, ;28V6@29Vic: No.
3 white. ;2»®30c; No. 2 rye, B2%c; good feeding
barley, 40@45c; fair to choice malting, .49@33c;
No. 1 flax seed, - $1 73; , No. -• 1 Northwestern,
$172; 'prime, timothy : seed, . $3 30®3 35; mess
pork,' 'per barrel, $14 60®14 65; - lard, > per 100
pounds, . $7 «2>4@7 75; short , ribs « sides (loose),
$7 8008; dry. salted shoulders^fboxed)- 6vi®7Hc
short clear sides (boxed), $8 17%@8 25; whisky,
basis . of high , wines, ; $1 27. . .. _ ...,'''., !)- ,»
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« fallen rapidly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains and
conditions are no longer favorable for settled
fair weather, on the Pacific Slope.' During the
past twenty-four hours there has been a fall
of nearly three-tenths of an Inch over South
ern Idaho and Northern Nevada.
The temperature continues high in the great
valleys oi California, and maximum temKra
.ures of 95 degrees cr more are .reported at
na::y stations. At Yuma a temperature of 100
legrees is rer>orted. Thunder storms prevail
it Spokane and Baker City and birh winds
ire reported at Winneraucca. San Francisco
ind El Paso. At the last named . station a
naximum wind velocity of 64 miles per hour
'rom the northwest is reported.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
lours ending midnight June 2: - - -
Northern , California— Cloudy. unsettled ,
weather Sunday; not bo warm in the interior;
rech westerly winds on the coast with fog. ,
Southern CalUornla-aoudy unsettled weata- ,
TTEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Articles— : Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—, . , • .• ' ' v
June *...- 75 75% 74% 7oW
July '¦74T4 — 75>6 .74% 75%
September ...72% 73^4- 72% 73Vi
Corn No. 2— , . • »
June?....... 43% '44 43% 44
July .....:.......... 44% .45%. 44V4 • 45%
September ...-....;*.'¦ 44% '45%,- 41% 45V4
Oats No. 2— , - - , -
July »............:.".. j 28S ¦• 28%. 28H . 28%,
September -- 26% ,27 . 26% 27
Mess Pork, per barrel— .,
July ..... :..... ...'.;14 62J4. 14 65. 1460 14 65
September, ;. J . .'..... 14 75 14 75 14 70 :'¦£ 14 75 , .
¦Lard, per 100 pounds— ?¦:. . ." . •
July ¦........"..•..- 815 ;,;8 17% -8 15 8 1T&
September ......'..: 8 15 8 20 8 15 . 8 20 . I
"Short -Ribs, .per 100 pounds— — :
July ;.....•.•¦•• 7 87^4 7 90 » ; 7 87>4 7 80 •
September ....... ...7 85 7 87K 7 85 • 7 87&
Mount TamalpaJs.....82fLos Angeles.. .70
Independence 86 Sacramento 92
Red Blu3 94 San Luis Obispo 74
Fresno 98lSan Diego 64
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
73; minimum. E6: mean. 64.
v Chicago Grain Market. '.
* — _: ___ — ____, .
CHICAGO, June 1.— July wheat opened quiet,
a shade -to U@%c, higher ,at 74%@74%c, .. under
the influence of dry weather t in spring wheat
States. -Upon the receipt , of • numerous reports
of the need of ¦ rain business quickly became
active In both September and July, shorts who
sold on yesterday's bulg-e In the hoperof reac
tion being the biggest buyers. ¦; July advanced
to 75%@73Ho during the first hour. Realizing
sales were . made on the advance, but although
these were liberal the price was worked back
only, %®%c and later, with the additional help
of heavy seaboard < clearances advanced to 75%c;
at which the market closed %@lc over yester
day.. ¦ -.".-• ¦¦•,-,.¦¦•¦-,.
Corn was strong in sympathy with • wheat.
July closed at .45%c,.<%c higher.
Oats : were ' moderately active and • firm. July
closed %c up' at 58V4(?2S%c.. ., . *
. Provisions 'were quiet. July pork closed un
changed, - lard . 2%c ; up and ribs a shade , Im
proved.' ¦. ¦' '¦ - -'.-- ¦ ' •' ¦'•/.-¦'• ¦ . ¦ ¦
The leading' futures ranged as follows:
; i ; New .Potatoes : continued .weak. '; '. Old showed
no v change. < : Onions '-. were ./ somewhat' -i firmer
again.":' ";-';¦.- -r -"':¦'.' ¦"' -' -;^^ ! --^,- '¦¦;-.-." '¦ '¦' ¦-¦'¦.
There] was -very little .change ¦: In ; Vegetablei,
the f market ; being '; quiet 1 and ' sufficiently J aup^*
plled.f '--,¦¦•<'•-. ;-T-t.'ir < V-;-A KW<.. \-* , ; , :..
-¦¦- POTATOES— Burbanks," 50c®H for River and
XI 35@1 65 - for I Oregon ; Sweets, 1 65<8>75c | for Mer
ced; New Potatoes,-, $1 50@l 75 In sacks and $19
1 65 .in boxes.--*u»l, /•,:.;:?--•:•' - :^. : - •'-;'<¦-: - •¦
': ONIONS-Australlans,V Jobbing. ' at.v$4®4'»:
New ¦ Red,'' 40@60c : - per sack; New Yellow, $1©
1 25 per ctl.-^—r. •..--- ¦.::;- ¦•¦;-..•- .¦,;---.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb.' 40c<BU per box:
s Beans ' remain - unchanged." ".The . quantity ¦ to
be, taken', by,; the Government has not* yet been
definitely determined. ,,' • > , '• \
¦ BEANS-Bayos, $2 46@2 60; Small White. $4 80
@5; . Large r White, J $4@4 20; Pink, •' $1 4001 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 2a
@6 35: Pea, nominal;. Red; Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
¦ SEEDS — Brown •¦-. Mustard, • ' nominal ; i- . Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; , Flax,' %2 50@3 ; Canary,- 3%@
3%c ' for,- Eastern ; Alfalfa, ' nominal; • Rape, . 2@
2V4c; Hemp, ! 3%c; Timothy, 6%c. v ¦¦¦,-..
" DRIED : PEAS— Nlles.; ?2@2 50; Green. |2 70®
3 'per; ctl;; Blackeye, nominal.: . - v -. ¦ ¦¦-; ¦ ¦¦«
Potatoes, Onions and : Vegetables: .
Beanswd'Seeds.
Receipts of Hay were light and the feeling
was j steady. J i Prices ¦ 1 or ' all . descriptions re
mained as before. . / - . :
BRAN— $17@18 per ton. ',:"¦ .
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled •; Barley, - $17013 . per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Jobbing,
126 50; - Cocoanut • Cake, • $17@18 ; Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, f 28 50@29; Mixed Feed
Ii5@i6. ¦••¦¦ / •.:-•¦• ,-•-¦•; .,'¦•:. : r? ¦".',••«.*¦•£
• HAY— New," $6 50@9: ; old Is quoted ; as fol
lows: Volunteer. J5@8: Wheat, $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat,- J9@ll 50; Clover,' nominal;
Alfalfa $8@9 50; Barley. J7 50@9 60 per ton..\=>i
STRAW-35@47%c ; per, bale. » > . -, S :~
.. FLOUR— California ] Family ; extras, 1 :. $3 25®
3 50/- usual' terms; Bakers'.' Extras,'. $3 15@3 25:
Oregon,. $2 E0@2 75 per. barrel for .family and
$2 75«f3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. i'A< W; . -• - .•.¦;, ; /...,-'¦,,„..¦. ,/- ...
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: :• Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal, (2 60;
Rice Flour,- J7; Corn Meal, .S3; extra cream do,
$3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, %Z 75@4; Buck
wheat Flour, "|4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, %Z 50;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled
Oats (barrels). J6 35@7 85; in/sacks,' • $6@7 50;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
?6 50 per. 100 lbs. • . ,' :¦ :*
Hay and Feedstuff 's.
Flour and Millstiiffs.'
'CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70V4c.
• Regular Morning Session— No sales. ¦ ¦'
OATS— The market continues ' firm!: Some
Surprise are on the market at the quotations.
White. $1 KM&l 55: Surprise. $1 60@l C5; Red,
$1 3501 45; Black. *1 22^@1 32^4 per ctl.- f<
CORN— Firm but quiet. Offerings I continue
light. Small round Yellow. $1 50: Eastern Yel
low, fl 30@l 35; White, $1 30® 1 37%; mixed
1 21Vj. ¦¦-•¦¦¦ ••'"'-¦• ¦ -¦- :¦ •-.". • ¦ '¦: ¦ ¦ ' -'" ¦-,¦¦ -'
RYE— 77%@82%c per ctl. - .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 6S per ctl, ex
warebouae. . . ' . ' . . ¦ .
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
SCOOctls, *1 05; SOCO. $1 O&tt. '. , 1 - ¦;
Second Session — December- — 20,000 ctls, $1 05U:
20.0CO, .11 Co: 40,000, $105%. •
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls
$1 03; .16.000,- *1 04%. ,: ' •
BARLEY— Previous prices rule and the de
mand continues light.* ' ¦ , • , ¦
Feed, 73c for No. 1' and 70@72%c for "oft
grades; Brewingand Shipping grades; 8O@85c;
Chevalier, nominal. ¦*¦•-¦•. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — As usual on Saturday there was
very .little, market news. ; Chicago opened, and
closed very firm, chiefly owing to continued
unfavorable weather. : The demand/ however,
was principally to. fill .shorts. ..•"'.•
:'¦ This market advanced, both on and off call,
with rather more business on the latter.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@9S%; milling, Sl@
1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and, Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...'.'... — . - $4 86>4
Sterling Exchange, sight "— 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....... —¦ 12%
New, York Exchange, telegraph.. — ". 15 >
Silver, per ounce.... : — "— ' 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. -... 43V4 @ 50
\ ' .Exchange and. Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EVAPORATED ;' APPLESr-The market for
evaporated apples ruled very" quiet and prices
remain about as last, quoted. State common,
3@44c; ;. prime,' 4^@4?4p; choice, 6@5%c; fancy,
California dried' .fruits'. were Inactive but
nominally steady at unchanged prices. ¦
PRUNES— 3&@7c per. pound, as to size and
quality. t.j . . • - • -. ¦i«~. f
APRICOTS— Royal. "V4@12c; Moorpark. 8U
@13c. " ¦ .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12V4®20c; unpeeled, 5@10c.
. Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 1.— FLOUR— Receipts, 29.
936 barrels; exports, 27,330 barrels. Held higher
and fairly active. Winter patents, {3 63@4;
winter straights, $3 45@3 60; -winter, extras,
?2 45?i2 85; winter low, grades,' $2 30@2 40; Min
nesota r>atents, $4@4 25; Minnesota bakers',
$2 fOGTS 25. .''., •
'WHEAT— Receipts, 22.S0O;. 'exports, . 249,000.
Spot— Firm. No. 2 red, 83%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 2 red, 81>ic elevator; No. 1 Northern, Du
luth. 81%c f. o.' b. .afloat. Options-^-Opened
steady and at once advanced on further bullish
crop news, outside buying, local covering and
firm Liverpool news. . Closed firm. %c pet ad
vance. July, SC(@80 9-16c. closed 80V£c; Septem
ber, 77>i® 78c. closed 77%c. : \ ¦ . :• . -
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to^cholce, 1900
'crop, 17@20c; 1S99, ll@15c; old olds, 2@6c. Pa
clflce Coast, 19(0 crop, 16@19c; 1899, ll@15c; old
olds, 2«6c. . '•.'-¦¦•
HIDES— Steady. Galveston, . 20 to 25 pounds.
18%c; California, 21 to. 25 pounds.'. 19c -. , I.
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic .fleece, . 26if?27c;
Texas. I6@l7c. . —¦¦. ¦¦¦ ¦." ,-
COFFEE— Spot Rio dull ;V. No. 1 7 - invoice!
6>4c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8!4@12&c. - Futures-
Closed quiet," with : prices net unchanged to 5
points lower. The total sales were 18,250 bags,
including: September, $5 40; October, Jo 45;
November,- $5 50; December, $5 65; January,
J5 70; March, $5 85. ' •* ,
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fair refining, 3. l-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 9Vic; molasses ¦ sugar.
3 7- 16c. Refined, unsettled. No. 6, 6c;-'No. 7,
5.90c; No. 8, 5.40c; No. 9, 4.75c; No. 10; 4.70c;
No: 11. 4.65c; No. 12, 4.60c; No. . 13, 4.60c; No.
14, 4.55c;. standard A, 5.35c; confectioners'- A,
5.35c: mold A,- 5.90c; cut loaf. 6.05c; .crushed.
6.05c; powdered, 5.63c; granulated, 5.50c; cubes,
5.80c. . . ,
BUTTER— Receipts, '- 6123 packages. Cream
cry.-10Q?19V&c; factory. ll@13^c.
EGGS— Receipts. 15,400 packages;' flrm. West
ern ungraded, - llV4@12%c; Western selected,
13@13>4c. -. -
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares , . Closlnj
Sold. Etock— Bid
40,500 Atchison ..'..'... '.i.. ........ gSTi
14,200 Atchison prefd 102^?
4.600 Baltimore * Ohio ..; ....106%
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 9414
600 Canadian Pacific 105?
COO Canada Southern ......; cou
I3.7M Chesapeake & Ohio ....' Rut
3,000 Chicago & Alton 431?
- 600 Chicago & Alton prefd 79V
200 Chicago Burlington & Quincy ...... 19C/4
- 1,100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 39U
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 73CJ
..-...'.. Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...........is ¦
7C0iChicago & Great Western ...;....:.. 22%
' j 400 • Chicago & Great "Western A prefd.. 81 •
1 100 .Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 4?$4
: 1,000 Chicago & Northwestern ..;\. ...... .20*
. 3,900 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific ;..... 161 '
1,209 Chicago Terminal & Tram.'.-........ 22%
The stock market has shown more animation
and more consistent strength this week than
at any time since the commotion.-- of May 9.
Professional operators still form a large pro
portion of the dealings and there have been
many movements, especially In the industrial
list, that ' can only be explained on the score
of manipulation by pools. There was a feeling
In the street that the project of an adjustment
of the Northern Pacific dispute and of avoid
ance of further hostilities as an outgrowth
was coming to a settlement. The conviction
of this was strong before the official announce
ment, based upon a number of Inferences. The
arrival of Mr. Morgan in London from his
vacation fostered It, as his decision upon the
matter was essential in any event. So did the
fact that conferences were going on in this
city between the parties in interest. The up
ward movement in Union Pacific and Southern
Pacific is accepted as corroborative evidence.
The offer of the two banking .houses which
represent the contending interests to allow the
London shorts to settle. for the fixed price of
153 where they are "honestly unable to make
delivery," relieved somewhat the fears of fur
ther stock market disturbances growing out of
the difficulties of the shorts, but the wording
of the offer makes it clear that there was no
relaxation of the closeness with which the
rivals were exacting all possible deliveries of
actual certificates of the stock. The stock Is
also practically unprocurable In the market.
The fact was considered significant that the
list of collateral for the $100,000,000 Issues of
Union Pacific convertible bonds, given In the
application to the Stock Exchange to list those
"bonds did not include any Northern Pacific
etock. The Inference was that the stock was
thus designedly left -free to be disposed of In
any settlement of the dispute in the North
western Railway territory. A clause In the
mortgage, however, makes lt cletr that the
proceeds of the bond issue may be applied to
reimbursing the expense of the Northern Pa
cific purchases in the interest of the company.
In the meantime, the project, which is called
in Wall street "the Greater Missouri Pacific,"
has taken on greater distinctness of outline
and admittedly Includes a desire . and a pur
pose to secure control of a trunk line outlet
for the Gould-Rockefeller Southwestern system
to the Atlantic Both.the Erie and Lackawan
na seem from the market movement of ihelr
stocks, to be aimed at by this project. The
advance in this group of stocks under the buy-
Ing supposedly for this purpose has .had a
stimulating effect on other stocks. There has
been large buying of Atchison and a revival
of the rumor that this was for account of
Pennsylvania in retaliation for the Gould pro
ject. The disapproval of this project by the
great trunk line proprietors is taken for grant
ed. The interects thus brought into conflict
would be partly identical with those involved
In the Northern Pacific dispute. Suggestions
of friction along the same lines are found in
the rumors of Illinois Central's plans for enter
ing the Chlcago-St. Paul granger field through
the Minneapolis and St. Louis and the Iowa
Central, and the repoi t that a large purchase
of Ohio bituminous coal lands is supposed to
be for Gould account. Apparently the specula
tive traders have returned to their old inter
pretation of these developments as indicating
the extension of "community of interest" rath
er than the later Interpretation Induced by the
Northern Pacific Incident, of harmful rivalry
between the great railroad powers. The gen
erally favorable character of the April state
ments of net earnings and of the May gross
earnings was an influence on the -whole rail
road list. The continuing good prospects for
the cereal crops and reports of serious damage
to foreign crops had a strengthening Influence
on railroad stocks. Political considerations also
played a part. The continued ease of money
Indicated a growing accumulation of idle and
a prospect of increased efforts to find a fixture
for them. For this reason the export of gold
though unexpectedly heavy, was little regard
ed. The activity In thu railroad bond market
has been general in some of the speculative is
eues. which have generally advanced. United
States refunding 2a and the new 4a advanced
hi per cent over the closing- of last week.
NEW YORK. June 1.— The stock market
made an extraordinary response to-day to the
official announoen-.ent of the agreement ar
rived at by the conflicting interests in North
ern Pacific. Speculation seemed to leap to the
conclusion that the only impediment had been
thereby removed to the return to the level of
prices and the advancing tendency which was
interrupted by the devastating effects of the
corner in Northern Pacific. There was head
long buying of stocks all through the list on
a -buoyantly rising scale. All things were
made favorable for bullish enthusiasm and any
news which seemed to threaten values was ig
nored. The market took all the characteristics
of the recent boom period and after absorbing
all offerings to take profits rose vigorously
again In the final dealings to the highest of
the day, where U closed. There was no ex
ception to the action of the market, but some
of those stocks which have been advanced
sharply of late were kept steady by the offer
ings to realize profits. This was notably true
of some of the Southwestern and Southern
railroads. The early spurt was most sensation
al in Union' Pacific, the United States Steel
stocks and Atchison. The first sales of United
States Steel were of 30,000 shares. The rise
in Union Pacific extended to 3% during the
first hour. There was some reaction midway
of the session, but the grangers became con
spicuous, led by St. Paul, with a 9%-polnt rise.
Rock Island gained 6%, Northwestern 4% and
Great Northern preferred 44. There was still
a conspicuous absence of dealings in Ndrthern
Pacific, not a single transaction being recorded
either for the common or preferred; Not even
a bid and asked was recorded for the common
stock at the closing. The details of the North
ern Pacific agreement are not announced and
rumors were numerous pointing to wide-reach
ing adjustments all through the railroad world
as coro:iaries of the Northern Pacific • settle
ment. The whole Northwestern railroad sys
tem, lt was said, would come into one harmoni
ous control and representations of the same
control would be found in the Union Pacific
system. The Union Pacific, said, the gossips,
wouM detach the Southern- Pacific,' for the
the benefit of a Pacific outlet for the Gould
Southwestern system and content itself with
the Central Pacific. Tins operator who was re
garded as the market dealer during the recent
boom was very conspicuous in the day's deal
ings and bought thousands of shares of many
different stocks all- around the room. The
bulls declared that great financial powers had
entrusted -large resource* to the direction of
this operator to inaugurate a new bull move
ment. The gains in the prominent stocks run
from 1 to 3 points or over. There was an enor
mous absorption of Union Pacific convertible
bonds, as well as of the stocft.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
.. V . - MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5sl04% — Oceanic 103 —
Cal-st 5s 117^,— Omnibus R <s — —
C C Water 5s.lO9% — Pac G Imp 4s. — * 100
Ed" LAP 6s..l28&133«4 Pk & C H 6S.M7H —
Fer & Cl R 6sll7 — Pk & O R 6s.H7 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6a. 123 —
H & C S 5%s.lO6i; — Sac E G R 5a. — 10O
Do 5s 101 102%£ S F & SJVos.120% —
Los Ang R 5s.ll2% — Sierra Cal 6s. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd fis.. — 104 (1909) 113 114
Do gntd 5s.. 100 — (1910) 114U —
L A & Pac 5S.102U104 - S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5slO2% — (1905). ser A.103 —
C 6s. — 127*4 (1905), ser B.1Q7H — 1
Do lem 5s.l22}£— (1906) — 111 1
Nev Co R 7s. — 113H 0912) — 123
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114^4 S P of Cal 1st
Do 5a 118%119% cp gntd g 53.105 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO ¦— SPEr Cal 6S.135 —
Do 5s 108 109 S V Water 6s.ll2%113?f
.Nor R Cal 6s. Ill — Do 4s 102 103
Oak Gas 5s.. .11214 — Do 4s. 3d m.l01»4 —
Do Tran 6S.116U117U Stktn Gas 63.100 —
Do Wat 5s.. 105 —
' WATER .. STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 80 80% [Spring Valley. W .-• :
Marls County. 52% — I • .' >
GAS- AND ELECTRIC. « .
Cent L & P.. 3 ' — Pacific Lt .... 4T —
Equitable 3M — Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4%— ' S F G & E... 87 —
Oakland 50 51 San Francisco. 4 —
Pacific Imp .. 3314 35 Stockton- ...... — —
Firem's Fund. 235 .245 /
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 L P & A'.*.. ...147 ' —
California 409 410 Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% S F Natlonal.120 —
First Nat 309 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — Sav & Loan.. — — .
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust..l400 —
San Francisco.622%550 . f
STREET RAILROADS.
California 123.135 lO S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — ; 40 Presidio 23 27 '
Market 69% 70 • ..
. • POWDER.
Giant .......... 77- 77%|Vigorlt S J^J
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8 IKilauea .......— 19
Hawaiian 50 52% ¦¦ Makaweli 38% 39
Honokaa. 21 — ¦ jOnomea 20 . —
Hutcblnson ... 19 , 13%'Paauhau 26 26! i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 126%127£ Oceanic S S... 43 BO
Cal Fruit Can. 96 - — Pao Aux F Al. 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax. 163 — '
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... li — *
-Morning Session.
Board— -
' 20 Contra Costa SO K ..
40 Makawell 39 CO
65 Market Street Railway 70 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 4 50
J1000 Oakland Water 5s /..... 105 CO
30 Pacific Coast Borax .............163 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 37 00
Street — , • - - ' - ¦
J5000 Los Angeles-Paclflc R R bonds 103 00
$3000 8 P of A bonds (1909) 113 37£
J20OO S P of A bonds (1910).. :...114 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning' Session.
Board—
30 Blue Goose 100
200 Cala-Standard ;.. 28
1000 Independence- 14
500 Lion -•- ¦ 12
200 Lion - ?..... 13
200 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 40
100 Monarch of Arizona, ¦ 30 39
1000 Monarch of Arizona - '40
200 Monte Crlr.to, s 90 .V. 2 05
300 Sterling! — 1 40 ,
B AN ¦: FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
" Morning Session, j •
Board— ... r <¦' ¦• *-¦ -
300 Cala-Standard: 27
1000 Four Oil Co 40
1000 Four Oil CO ..*. .."....' 42
600 Lion : ...........'. , 13
BOO Petroleum Center 03
100 Sterling -. 140
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ¦
200 Ophlr 94| 200 Potosl''. 03
• 400 Overman ...:... Ill . '
- The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: ' . • '-
k •¦¦".- . '.' Morntns Session.*
' 500 Challenge Con.. 18 200 Mexican ...'..^.v 17
: 300 Challenge Con.. 19 250-OphIr 94
- 250 C C & Va....2 37% 500 Overman .'.... 12^
200 C C.&Va......2 35 400 Union Con 13,
200 Confidence .U.. 65 .'
*• . . i CLOSING QUOTATIONS. t
I SATURDAY, June 1—13 m.
Bid. Ask. ' Bld-Aak.
Alpha*....'. 01 03 Justice ....:.... 03 (U
Alta : '— 02 Kentuck ....... 01 03
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash 01 " —
Belcher ¦...07 08 Mexican".-.. IS 13
Best & Belcher 21 .22 Occidental 03 04
Bullion v.. ...-..., 03 03 Ophlr,;.".-..;...... 93 94
Caledonia ...... 49 .50 Overman ....;.. 11 12
Challenge Con.. 13-20 Potosi 01 03
Chollar ....:.... 05 06 Savage 11 13.
Confidence ...... «S 70 Scorpion ........ — 04
Con Cal & Va..3 35 2 40 Seg Belcher.... 01 02
Con ¦ Imperial... t — 01 Sierra • Nevada.' 13 13'
Con'New York. — 01 Silver Hill S3 35
Crown. Point... 10 12 St Louis ...08 —
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard 3 60 - —
Exchequer ..... — 1 02 Syndicate ;.....- 06 —
Gould & Curry. .07 08 Union Con 19 80
Hale & Not.... 20 21 Utah..... 04 05
Julia'........... .— ,02 Yellow Jacket.. IT 13
• Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar reg.... 113^114 4s qr cp <new)13S&139H
4s quar coup.. 113^114 3s quar coup.109 110
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SATURDAY. June 1—11 m.
~ — r x
J AH classes of stocks were quiet yesterday, as
usual on Saturday, and prices showed no vari
ations worthy of note.
The following were ex-coupon: Northern
California Railway 5a, $2 50: Pacific Gas Im
provement 4s, $1; Spring Valley 4a (3ds), $1.
The following -. were ex-dividend: Honokaa
Sugar Company, 15c; • Sacramento Electric,
Gas and Railway, 15c; San Francisco Gas and
Electric, 25c; Homes take OU". 15c.
/Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 36.558 shares, valued at $14,977, tha
leading transactions being as follows: Califor
nia Standard, 2000 shares; Independence, 4000"
Lion, 5200; McKittrlck. 2000; Monarch, 6000:
Monte Crlsto. 1300; Petroleum Center. 10.200:
Reed, 1400: Sterling,. 1050. . *
Pacific Lighting will pay a dividend of 35o
on the 5th and Giant Powder one of 75c on tha
10th. . -i
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Weather Report.
<12Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 1—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
'There has been unusual activity on the part
of timber purchasere In the different lumber
belts of the coast. Redwood lands have right
fully attracted a considerable amount of this
interest and several large sales have been re
corded In the redwood rone. The exhaustion
of the available lands in the southern part of
the Union and the districts of the Northwest
or their purchase by large eyndicates for spec
ulative purposes has rendered It necessary for
the Eastern lumber manufacturers to come
West, and the result is to be found In the
purchase of the timber lands on this coast and
the enthusiasm of the new owners. Without a
doubt many of the purchasers -will not think
of entering the manufacturing field for some
years to come, although some ere now making
preat 6trides and will probably revolutionize
the manufacturing and business end of the
lumber trade of the Pacific Coast. Other than
this there was little to attract notice during
the month," ¦
The Pacific Coart Wood and Iron says of
J umber:
"There has been but little If any Improve
ment noticeable during the last thirty-one
days and the prospects for any in the month
Just opening are not very encouraging. Prices
have remained as they have been for some
months and there Is no Indication of an ad
vance for some time to come. This is true of
all the lumber sold in this city and along the
entire coast. Shingles of the redwood species
remain stationary as to market quotations, but
most active as to demand, both from the local
and Eastern markets. The activity shown in
placing the merits of these great shingles be
lore the Eastern users is now bearing fruit
and the orders are far more plentiful and fre
quent than for any spring for years -past. All
considered, there Is no reason for complaint on
the part of the manufacturers of the redwood
ehlngle. but plenty for all kinds of grumbling
from the lumber dealers and mills of the red
wood, pine, spruce and fir fields of the West.
The Lumber Trade.
Exports of Quicksilver from this port In May
were 716 Casks, valued at 122,813. making the
total exports since January 1 2797 flasks, val
ued at 1123,067. ¦ .
WINE — Exports of Wine from this port by
eea during the month of May were 601,298 gals
and 632 cs. valued at $202,717. making the total
exports since January 12,576.193 gals and 4214
cs. valued at $857,014.
BRANDY— Exports of Brandy In May were
7S7 gals and 10 cs. valued at JS02. The total
exports elnce January 1 amount to 16,202 gals
end £3 cs. valued at $16,93L
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
BARLET— Exports of Barley during the
month were 60,857 ctls, valued at $S9 054.
against 80.S98 ctls, valued at $75,727 during
May. 1900. Since the first of the crop year the
exports amount to 1,995,065 cUs. valued at
SLSS1.26L against 3,527,812 ctls, valued at $3 410 -
4?4 in 1900. . '
FLOUR— Exports of Flour from this port
during the month of May were 122,575 bbls,
valued at $368,985. against 94.529 bbls, valued at
J3O0.417 In May. 1900. Since the first of the
crop year these exports amount to 811,724 bbls
valued at 12,863,678. against 1.005.699 bbls. val
u^5_^ 1 S 3 . 277 -!** during the same period In 1900.
r C 7^ H , EA 7 : - Ex ? orl:s of Whe at in May were
656,194 ctls, valued at $579,575, against 448.918
ctls. valued ex $432,717 In May. 1900. The total
exports since the first of the crop year were
7,244,017 ctls. valued at $7,445,224. against 5.686 -
C7S cUs, valued at $5,846,149 in 1900.
Ex ports of Flour and Grain.
LtTMBER— Receipts and exports of Lumber
at this port for the month of May were as
follows: From California, 16.366.000 feet-
Washington. IMOjWO; Oregon. 8,380.000; Brit!
l«h Columbia. 20,000. Total receipts, 61,193,000
Jeet; exports. 2.8S2.20J feet. '
JL?f^ N ,7; R * Ce l pts or Saij n°a 2672
SflwSiS' PECka « es: export8 ' *« e* 8 * 8 «"*
COAL— Receipts of Coal were as follow*:
t^^.^Sf^ 6011113 * 59 ' 5SS tonB - British Colum-
Sta 4S fe^r^ 2 04 2 lon, AUStralla ' !R mak "
Receipts and Exports in May."
Profinc* Exchange Call Board sales in May
wer» 63.600 tons Wheat and 18.900 tons Barley.
tnaJnng a total thus far this crop year of 645 -
S00 tons of Wheat and 122.500 tons Barley.
Call Board Sales.
J2? ?%%,%?* clearin * 8 for "»e past week
Bank Clearings.
ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday; brisk westerly winds with
fog. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
er Sunday; brisk westerly winds with fog on
the coast. . - .
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
brlfk westerly winds.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
brisk northwest wind.
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
continued warm weather.
STOCK MARKET.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange as before. .
Wheat firmer. Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats and Corn firm and Rye weak.
%1^Tb^ s L, . §| II
New Potatoes continue weak. Onions steady:
Vegetables featureless and in ample supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still very plentiful.
Poultry quiet and nominal. SPlll
Bemes in quick demaiid. Tree fruits steady.
Dried fruit's dull,' here and in the East.
Provisions inactive, but steadily held.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged. •
Meat market as previously quoted.
Local bank clearings lose slightly last week. ¦ . - : v
Receipts of Produce. « t
I FOR SATURDAY,' JTjNE 1.
Flour, qr sks..... e.giS'Wool. bales 43
Wheat, ctls.. ¦ 1.225 Broomcorn. bdis. 33
Barley, ctls. ...... 10,515 Sugar, ctls... I son
Oats,- ctls.. ....... 1,530 Tallow, ctls.. " '?S3
Corn, ctls 500 Pelts, bdls 782
Potatoes, sks.;... 2,295 Leather, rolls.... 95"
Onions, sks 49S Wine, gals 14 300
Bran, sks . . : . . 1,005 Quicks liver, fl sks 238
Middlings, sks... 820- Lime, bbls... 273
Hay, tons 222;H!des, No 716
12%c; Pearl Oil. In'cases, 18%c; Astral,- lSUc:
Star, lS%c; Extra Star, 22%c: Elaine. 23%c-
Eocene,; 204c; deodorized stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
In cases,- 26c. • ••• .
, TURPENTINE — 55c per gallon In cases and
49c - in drams or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
Crushed, S.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. o.Soc; Dry Granulated. 6.75c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C 5 15c
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more- boxes*
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for Ies3 than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos, half -barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75a per lb.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, June L-JTo-day's statement
of the Treasury, balances . In the general fund.
Condition of [the Treasury.
Surplus. $21,253,050; decrease. $35,925.
The Financier says: The condition of New
York associated banks, according to their cur
rent statement, does not differ materially In
the matter of surplus reserve from the exhibit
of a week ago. The excess reserve declined
only $35,925. although the operations by which
this result was attained, were quite heavy.
Loans expanded $7,442,100, reflecting : probably
business which properly should have been In
cluded In the statement of a week ago and
this expansion, together ' with the increase I of
12,264,400 in cash, accounts for the, rite, to
$11,281,300 in deposits. This latter necessitated
an. additional reserve requirement, wuich as
noted, counteracted almost exactly the cash
gain and left , the surplus Intact. The cahh
Item, however, does not afford an accurate re
flection of the real position of the banks • since
the $4,000,000 of gold exports on Thursday v do
not .count -except fractionally ' In tho bank
totals of 'Saturday. As a matter of fact, the
banks gained , several million dollara from the
Interior during the week, and lost approximate
ly what they rained in- the subtreasury. The
statement must be regarded, therefore,' as very
favorable in its" conclusions. ¦ The gold' exports
of the week created no change in the situation
and the outlook remains practically, the same.
There Is nothing on which to base predictions
of material changes ,ln the 'money market.
Bankers seem to anticipate a season of quiet
ness for the present, and there is " nothing in
special ' reports from other important financial
centers to lead to a different conclusion r> It
is possible that gold exports will continue ' In
termittently, • but against these' shipments,* • If
made, there will be receipts from Alaska and
elsewhere. -The heavier purchases of bonds by
the treasury Is realizing some money, but as
the reduction , in war . taxes roes Into ; effect
July 1 the continuance of bond buylr.r is" an
uncertain factor. The statement of the coming
week may show the ' effects of June dividend
disbursements now , being made. - . - : »
Legal tenders, .$78,162,600; increase. SI. 661. 600.
Specie. .$181,190,000; increase, $1,122,800.
Reserves. $259,352,600; Increase, $2,784,400.
Reserves required, $238,089,550; Increase, $2,
830,825. ¦ ' '•"¦-.. ¦ . -:> • - ..
NEW. YORK. June .1.— The- statement of the
associated banks for the five business days of
the week ending to-day shows:
Loans. $868,314,700; increase, $7,442,100.
" Deposits, $952,398,200; increase, $11,281,300.
Circulation, $31,093,600; decrease, $U,10i).;
Associated Banks' Statement.
4,900 Colorado Southern Kntri/Jr5ntK^?^ib5
200, Colorado Southern 1st prefd .... 52i,4
400 .Colorado Southern Jd prefd... 24"4
" , IS 0 & Hudson 167^
'•m De^i^o^T 41^ 16^- 2^
.60S Eri'r":*;!'!?.^^ P^ ::::::::: g
11,400 Erie 1st prefd .....^...'... .'.'.'.'.'.'. 70%
6,200 Erie 2d prefd,-..: "..:" 57*
4C0 Great Northern prefd ... ........185.
400 Hocking Valley 54*4
ICO Hocking Valley prefd 77S
3.100 Illinois Central'..... U2*l
400 Iowa Central ...:, ;.... .'..! 35^
Iowa Central, prefd ..' .-. 62%
300 Lake Erie & Western.... 1 .....; 60
-• Lake Erie & Western prefd..... 120
8.700 Louisville & Nashville 106»s
16,000 Manhattan Elevated ..'... ...120V4
30, 100 k Metropolitan Street Railway.. 173',-.
100 Mexican Central 25%
4,900 Mexican National ..." ll'/t
1,300 Minneapolis & St Louis 99
13,100 Missouri Pacific .........:. .......111%
1,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas'.....; - 3114
3,400 Missouri Kansas & Texan prefd.... 63
' New Jersey Central 159^
.10,400 New York Central 15&%
5,100 Norfolk & Western ;.... 33^,
Norfolk & Western prefd 89
Northern Pacific V 140
Northern Pacific prefd ........ .:..;. 98>4
13.100 Ontario & Western ...;....... 34%
27,400 Pennsylvania ...149%
6,000 Reading .-. 44%
3,900. Reading 1st prefd 77%
3,100 Reading 2d prefd ;.... 54%
1,200 St Louis & San Fran ' 46U
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S3
1,200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd."...:. 70H
1,000 St Louis Southwestern :..... So
1,300 St Louis Southwestern prefd........ 65U
60,200 St Paul ..............17l4
1.000 St Paul prefd 189%
50,200 Southern Pacific 55%
39,800 Southern Railway 34%
. 4.1C0 Southern Railway prefd ' 66%
4,900 Texas & Pacific ... 47%
200 Toledo St • Louis & Western .... 21%
300 Toledo £t Louis & West prefd.. V. .. 37' 4
71,700 Unlcn Pacific 111^
1.900 Unlcn Pacific prefd 92
1S.1C0 Wabash ....' ....;..; 2bV»
13.CC0 Wabafh pretd 43%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 17%
¦JUl Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... bl
1V0 W!s;or.sin Central 2C/4
... "Wisconsin Central prefd 44%
P C C & St Louis 74
Express Companies — •
.". Adams '. ...175
American 188
United States S,.' 82
Wells Fargo : 144
Miscellaneous —
11.600 Amalgamated Copper ...119H
1,400 American Car & Foundry ...28
1.200 American Car & Foundry prefd 82%
1,300 American Linseed Oil 16%
400 American Linseed Oil prefd 46
7,600 American Smelting & Refining...... 58V4
1,000 Am Smelting & Refining prefd....:. 98H
14,500 American Tobacco 139%
•3,100 Anaconda "Mlninsr Co.. 50
51.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81%
1,900 Colorado Fuel & Iron 68%
1,300 Consolidated Gas 222^4
5,800 Continental Tobacco .'. 67^4
Continental Tobacco prefd...... 111%
400 General Electric 232 .
E00 Glucose Susar 69%
600 Hocking Coal 18%
200 International PfiDer 23^
300 International Paper prefd „ 79
f.00 International Power ' 100
'Laclede Gas ' 84%
1,300 National Biscuit 45%
National Lead 18%
National Salt 44%
200 National Salt prefd .:... 76
100 North American 89
100 Pacific Coast 60
1,900 Pacific Mail 35V4
1,400 People's Gas 116%
300 Pressed Steel Car 45»i
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
£00 Pullman Palace Car ...209
1.900 Republic Steel 19%
100 Republic Steel prefd... 74%
10.500 Sugar..:.. .'....147%
1,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 61 .
....... Union Bag & Paper Co 12%
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 70
3.100 United States Leather 14%
1,900 United States Leather prefd 79%
200 United States Rubber 21
100 United States Rubber prefd 62
15,800 United States Steel....: 50%
3.100 United States Steel prefd.:.-. 99%
8,400 Western Union ...'... 94%
928.200 Shares sold."
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.l — 106V{ N JC gen 5s 132t;
Do coupon... 106% N Pacific 3s 71%
Do 3s reg..? 109 Do 4s 106VA
Do 3s coupon 109 N Y- C & St L 4s. .107%
Do new 4s reg 138% N & W con 4s 101%
Do new 4s coup.. 138% Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s reg... ..112% Do 4s ....102%
Do old 4s coup. ..113% Or Short Line 6s. ..127%
•Do 5s reg ..108% Do con 5s 116%
Do 6s coupon 10S% Reading gen 4s...... 96%
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..125 R G W lsts 101%
Atchison gen 4s... 103% St L & I M con as, 115%
Do adj 4s 95% St L & S F gen 6s.l34
Canada So 2ds 108% St Paul cons 183
Ches & O 4%s 106% St P C & P lsts. ...118V-
Do 6s 119% Do 5e.. 119"
Chi & N con 7b. ...141% S Pacific 4s... -.93%
Do S F deb 5s. ...121% S Railway 6s 117%
Chicago Term 4s... 95% Stand R & T 6s.... 62%
Colorado So 4s 88% Tex & Pac lsts 119 '
D & R G 4s ..102% Do 2ds 99
Erie gen 4s 89% U Pacific 4s \...105%4
K W & D C lsts. ..107 Wabash lsts 117
Gen Electric 5s.. ..185% Do 2ds no
Iowa Cent lsts 117% West Shore 4s 114
L & N unl 4s 103«4 Wise Cent lsts 89%
M K & T 2ds 82% Va Centuries. 95%
• Do 4s.'....'. 98 Adams Ex 4s .105
NYC lsts 1OT i -
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94
Call loans 3 @4 Westinghse Elec.. 1 . 63#
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds — '
Stocks — ' Atchison 4s ; 10214
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 85% N K Gas & C 5s... 63%
Do prefd 102% Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 147& Adventure 18'4
Amer Telephone... 173 Blngham 23»i
Boston & Albany.. 254% Amalg Copper.... J.lW'i
Boston Elevated.. .181 Atlantic ..30%
Boston & Maine. ..194 Boston & Mont.:. .450
Chi B & Q..........196 Butte & Boston... 1 . 113%
Dominion Coal 44 Calumet & Hecla..825
Do prefd 115 Centennial 29^4
U S Steel 5O"5» Franklin 17%
Do prefd 99% Humboldt 25
Kitchburg prefd 145 Osceola : 86*,J
Gen Electric 232% Parrot 54%'
Mexican Central... 25% Qulncy 170
N E G & Coke.... 10 Santa Fe Copper... 7V4
Old Dominion 33% Tamarack 240
Rubber 21 Utah Mining 30
Union Pacific 111% WInona 3
Union Land 8 Wolverines •.......: 56%
: NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con.. M Little Chief.../..... is
Vlice '.. 40 Ontario .....8 00
Breece 155 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con 13 Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potoei 02
Con Cal & Va.......2 40 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra.... 65> Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver . — 115 Small Hopes 46
Iron Silver....'.."..... 'CO Standard T...3 65
Leadvllle Con 06
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. June 1.— Wheat— Quiet and steady;
Bluestem, 61%c;Club, E9%c. .
1, OREGON... *
PORTLAND, June 1.— Wheat, steady; Walla
Walla," 60c. ;>»-- . " ; :
PORTLAND, Or., June 1.— Clearings, $272,526;
balances, $50,437. ¦¦'. • ; .
—Northern Wheat Market. '
Portland's Business.
CLOSING.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£4@£4 10s.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull, 8s. '
. WHEAT— Spot No. ' 2 red Western winter
steady, 5s ll%d; No. 1 Northern spring firm,
6s Id; No. 2 California steady, 6s l%d. Fu
tures, steady; July.. 5s ll*»d; September, . 5s
ll'md. ¦-. - ¦ . . ¦--'
CORN— Spot,- quiet; American mixed new,
4s; do old", ' 4s Futures, quiet; July,' 3s
ll'4d; September, 3s ll%d. v
. LONDON, June 1. — Consols, 94U; silver.
2"V4d;. French rentes, lOlf 25c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; English "country
markets,- dull. ' " • ¦.'¦'.¦
LIVERPOOL. June 1.— Wheat, firm ; No. 1
standard | California, 6s l l /£d@6s ¦ 2d ; . wheat In
Paris, quiet: flour r In 1 Paris, quiet; • French
country markets, quiet; .weather in England,
cloudy. , . - - >. ¦ -1 • ¦¦ : -
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 1.— The arrivals of wool for
the fifth series of wool auction sales amount
to 42,279 bales, including 1500 forwarded direct.
London' Wool Seles
NEW YORK, June 1.— The imports of -dry
goods and merchandise this week were valued
at $10,078,6"4. ;i ¦ - • - ¦
Imports at New York.
NEW YORK, June 1.— The cotton market
opened • quiet and firm with ' prices, 2 . to 5
points higher' on some outside v buying." and
closed steady, prices net 2®3 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
'"NEW. YORK, June 1.— As usual on a Sat
urday ; half-holiday there ' was a lack of feat
ures that could be called important in the local
nietal "market. ; Business was of an j evenlng
up, character, and. even this i was in a small
way. ¦ The absence a" of advices . from abroad
served to -create caution and prices in general
were without change and ran as follows:
Lead, $4 37%; spelter : $3 95®4;: copper, Lake
Superior, 17c, and casting and electrolyte, 16%c;
tin, $2S'30@28 40,' and piglron warrants, ?9 50@
10 50; Northern foundry, fli 25@16 JO; Southern
foundry, ,$14@15 SO, and soft Southern, SWti 15 50.
New \ York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, : June 1."— Porter" Bros, v Compa.ny
sales California fruit: ' Cherries^Royal Anne,
$1 0501 65; Republicans, •• $1 25@1 70; Tartarians,
80c@*l 70; Centennial, : 80c@$l 10. . Plums—Cher
ry, G0c per box, 70c@$l',: per crate;: Clymans,
$1 25@1 55. 'Apricots— Royal, $1 45@2 25 ;; Blen
heim, $1 80;' Newcastle. $1 15@1 35. Peaches—
$1@1 60.- Two cars fruit -sold. - 1
CHICAGO, June 1.— The 'Earl .. Fruit Com
pany, sold: California '.fruit- at auction
to-day ¦ and ' the . following . prices - were
realized:- Cherries.. , B. ,'- Tartarians, boxes;
75c 1 to -$1 45, average $1 30; -Centennials,
boxes, 85c to $1 10; average $1 07; Royal Annes,
box^s, $1 10 to $1 60, average $1 36; Purity,; $1 05;
1033 I packages grossed " $1400. Remainder of car,
sold ; by other ; firms. ' One . car>- sold .. to-day.
California I Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO," June i:—CATTLE-^-Recelpts. 3500.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $5 45(8>
6 OS; poor to medium, 1 $4 40@5 40; stockers and
feeders, j $3@4 90; cows/ $2 85@4 80; heifers, $2 90
@3 90; canners, $2 25@2 85; buUs, .$3@4 40:
calves, -$4@6 15; -Texas .fed. steers, $4 25@5 40;
bulls, $2 75@3 So.- -i -r; . " -., '•:.. >::** f >>£
HOGS— Receipts to-day, l»,000;. Monday/. 88,
000; • estimated left -•" over, , , 3000. t Easier; ; top,'
{5 05: mixed- and butchers, $5 70@5 92%; good
to choice heavy, $5 85@5 95; rough heavy, $5 70@
5 80;? light, $5 65@5 85; bulk of sales,. $5 80@5 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, • -500. ' Sheep . and lambs
steady. . ¦ Good ; to .. choice ' ' wethers, : $4 35@4 60;
fair to choice mixed, $4 10@4 40;, Western sheep.
$3 90@4 60; yearlings, $4 50@4 75;. native lambs,
$4@5 65; Western lambs/ $5@5 63.'- . ,
Chicago Livestock Market.
'•Flour—- '¦-¦¦'. ¦- \- '¦' ¦, x ¦ •-'-.-¦. ¦-'.-.'.¦ ¦- *'
Opening :....:....-:.;...i....... 25 40 , 2« 80
Closing •. 25 06.-26 55
-GRAIN BAGS^-San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Cal
cutta I Grain ¦- Bags, 7%@7He ; local make, - %c
less" than vCalcuttas;- Wool • Bags, l »S0@34c;
Fleece Twine, :7%@te.' , . .. . >;
¦I COAIf-rWelllngton. $9 per 'ton;.. Southfleld
Wellington. $9; 1 Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50: '. Coos
Bay," $3 50; '."Wallsend. t »9; Co-operative 'Walls
end, , $9 ; Cumberland; •; $12 in bulk and $13 25 ' in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg, $14; Can
nel,:$10 per ton;. Coke, ; $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; •¦'Rocky. Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
ing to ¦ brand.*»zfl{*»jBEy'^a«l < 1 W»mJiiHJto«"\www«asajeri
-¦¦ KICE— China, : No. 2, $404 05; (No. i, %\ 63(35
extra,'$5 20@5 50; t Japanese, $4 75@5 50; Louisi
ana,' $4@6 50; ! Hawaiian,^"nominal. : ,- : -. ¦ : . : >;
"¦ OILS— California Castor 1 Oil, 1 in ; cases, < No". L
75c ; : pure, $1 30 ; Linseed 0 11. in barrels, boiled.
75c ; raw, . 73c ; cases, 1 5c more ; Lard 1 Oil, extra.'
winter strained, barrels, , 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut,Y 63®63c :' per.; gallon ; * pure Neatsfoot , Oil,
barrel!,' 65c; tx cases, ; 70c; i\ Sperm,^. pure, \i 66c;
Whale Oil, '- natural ; white,": J7^4@42%c per gal
lon ; Fish' Oil," in I barrels, ¦ 35c ; ; cases, 40e.*- : « . ' ~
\": COAXt OIL— ;Water ,! White Coal Oil, ? in \ bulls.
'¦¦ PORK— Live Hoes,^. 180 lbs • and under, • 6H©
6V*c; 180 to 223 lbs, 6@6%c; 225 and over, 5V&@6c;
feeders. ; dressed Hogs, 7Vi@9V4c. . ,
General Merchandised .
r- Dealers - continue .to quote previous prices
and the market is without especial feature. ',."
¦..Wholesale' rates from slaughterers to , deal
ers' are as follows: 1. • . . — ¦¦'. ¦'' .
, '. BEEF— 7@7%c f or • Steers . and 6@6%c per lb
for'- cows. - ¦':¦ :•- ¦¦-¦"' ; • -¦ " -: - ¦- s u- •. .•
VEAL— Large, 7%@8c: small, 8@9c per lb.> J
; MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7S5c; Ewes, 6%@7c per
pound. " .^ ¦"'"¦' l ¦;„.. -¦ ¦"¦ '
LAMB^Sprlng, 8@9c per pound. ... ~,i
San Francisco Meat Market.
. Quotations remain undisturbed. '.
HlDES AND SKINS— Culls and' brands sell
about '¦ l%c under . quotations. ; Heavy f Salted
Steers>9^@10c; medium. 9c; light, 8@8%c; Cow
Hides, 8^c for heavy and 8%c for light; stags,
6!/4c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9@9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry, Hides, 15%c@16c; Culls, 13%@14c:
Dry Kip, 16c ; Dry Calf. 16@17c ; Culls and
Brands. ,13@14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, • 15@30c
each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, :60@75c;
long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, -salt, $2 50
for large and $2@2 25 'for medium, $l@l 25 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large. ' $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. . Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c:
fall or medium skins, 30c;<winter or thin skins
20c.v ; Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. ;.: ',
TALLOW— No.. 1 rendered, 4#®5c per lb; No
2, 4@4Jic; grease, 2®2Vic. ,- .
¦ WOOLr— Spring. ' 19C0 or 1901— Humboldt . and
Mendodno. 14@15c - per lb: Northern, free ¦ 12@
13c; defective,' 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10@
lie; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 moaths
8® 9c; Southern, free,-. 7 months. 7@10c:; do,'de
fective, 7/ months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do, medium and coarse, 13@14c; Oregon,
Eastern.' choice,: ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9Sllc;
Nevada, 10®12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per. lb. ,.'
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops:
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for light. 14Ho
for" extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel: extra" Mess, $12 50; Family, $11 50;
ltrlme Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $23; Mess,
$19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10@10&c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
lOHOlPJic; 10-lb tins, 1034@llHc; 5-lb tins, 10%
@h*rc- • .•¦¦•¦:¦> .-¦ ¦'. „.
> COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
, FRUITS-rApricots.\.5@7%c.for Royals: Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l^@2c; Peaches,
3%@4 for standard, 4%@5%c for, choice and 6@
6%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3@
4c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4%c for red
and'4©5c fcr white. : -
PRUNES — t sizes, "3c; 40-50», 6%c; 50-60s, 4Vic;
60-7Cs, 3%c; 70-80s. 3%c; 80-90s, 2%c; . 90^1003,
2Uc;-100-l20s:-l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson'3 fancy, ¦ 12c per. lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO^c per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached ¦ Sultanas. 8c; . Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6%c: 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown,^6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown. 5^0; seeded (Fresno prices). 5>4c;
London Layers.. 2-crown. $150 per box: • 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, ?3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, ' No. 1 softshell, U@ll%c:
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%@7y>c; Almonds, 13014c for, papershell, 10®
He for softshell and 5@3c for hardshell: Pea
nuts. 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoanuta,
53 r.o<?J5. •--...- ¦ .. . ¦
• HONEY— Comb, 10011c: for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 3#c. ,
BEESWAX— 23S2Sc per lb.
. Provisions. '•'- ri^-^?
Fruits, both here and In the East, are quiet
and unchanged/
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— Eastern. " $1 50@l 75 per box; local'
new, 40@50c per small, and $1 per large box,
and 40@50c per basket.', ¦ . - '
APRICOTS— 60c@$l per box and 75c@$l per
crate. ¦-,•.¦¦ " •.
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2500 boxes, sell-
Ing at 50(g65c per. box for red, 60®85c for dark
and eoijJSoc for Royal Anne; In bulk, l@7c per
lb for black and 3@5c for red and 5@7c for
Royal Anne. ' . , . .
" PLUMS — 60c@$l per crate for Clyman and
$1 25@l 50 for Tragedy..
CHERRY PLUMS— 50@60c per box. .
PEACHES— S5c@$l 25 per box.
" PEARS— 50@75c per box.-
STRAWBERRIES— $8@11 per chest for Long
worths and $5®7 for large berries. Receipts
were ,.346 chests ' and 345 crates. .The latter
sold at $101 50 per crate. ...
LOGAN BERRIES— ?4@7 per chest. :
BLACKBERRIES— $S@10 per .chest: from
Newcastle. $1 50 per crate; from Fresno, Jl@
1 15 per crate." ... *
RASPBERRIES— $S@10 per chest; from New
castle, $1 25 per crate. .
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@30c per drawer and 1%
@3V4c in bulk; English, per lb.
CURRANTS— $2@4 per chest.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 25;
Seedlinsrs, 75c©$l 50: Mediterranean Sweets,
75c@$l 75; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25; Lemons, 75c
0$1 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 5Oc@Jl 50; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 50; Bananas, Jl 50@2 50 'per bunch for
New. Orleans and $1@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, $2@4 per dozen. -.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
AH berries except. Logans -were firm and sold
ofT quickly. The demand for Strawberries was
sharp. . , . •'..•¦ • ;: ; ' -¦ ¦; ¦¦ -¦
: Good Cherries continued firm under light re
ceipts, but there are' a good many coming In
cracked .by the rain, and such stock sells as
low as 2&c per lb. . ¦ . .
Peaches are riper and good fruit easily
brings the top quotation. Apricots are in over
supply and lower. Apples are in better as
sortment. • Cherry Plums are in poor demand
and more or less are carried over. "
Citrus fruits show po further change. ' .
Black' Figs came In from luma, selling at
$3@3 59 per crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
' Dairy— Extras. 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. • . . , ¦
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream,- 8c; ¦ choice.
7 s /2c; common, • nominal ; Young Americas, 3*ic;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V>c per lb.
KGOS- ¦ . , ¦ . ¦
California Ranch— Selected White, 14c; mixed
colors. 13c per dozen. •--.- ¦.¦ •
California Oathered-^-Selected, 12%c; stand
ard. 12c; seconds, / • •
Creamery— Extras, , 17c; firsts." 16c; seconds.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QTJOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, : 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14®16%c
per lb. -¦ ¦•-¦--;... ¦¦- - • .* ' -j '- ¦. •'
- CHEESE— New. 8®9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c.
' EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@1314c per : dozen. .
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
¦'As will be seen, receipts of all descriptions
are , liberal . and as the demand ; is nothing ex
tra, the feeling continues weak all around.
Quotations remain unchanged. : - ¦
Receipts were 42.800 pounds and 158 tubs of
Butter, 1148 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 7000 pounds . California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. ~, j v ¦ '."..'¦"
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market was dull ( and /nominal, as usual
on Saturday.-. . . ' ¦¦•" ¦>,'..
'POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 10@lic for Hens; Geese, per "pair, $125®
1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; -Ducks, $3 50@4 for
old and $4@5 for young ; r Hens, $3 50@4 60 ;
young Roosters. $6 50@7 50; old Roosters $3 50
@4; PJ-yers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3@4 for largo
and I J2 2C@2 75 for ¦ small; • Pigeons, $1 25@1 50
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1©1 25; Rabbits, Jl 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@?l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Asparagus," ; $1 75@2 for * large/ '; $1 2501 50 per
box . for No. 1 and 75e@$l for t No. ,-. 2 ; Green,
Peas, 75c@$l 80 per. sack; String Beans. 4@7c;
Cabbage, 60@75c .per ctl; Tomatoes.MIexlcan,
$1@1 25 ' per . crate ; * from Los Angeles. 75c@$l ;
Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry ; Okra. ' 15c " per lb;
Carrots. ( 25@35c per - sack;- Marysville Cucum
bers,- $1 25@1 50 per box; -Winters, 35@50c per
dozen;. Garlic, ,4@6c for new; Green Peppers,
10c per' lb ¦' for- Chile -and for Bell; Egg
Plant," I0@12Hc per. lb; Green Corn, 20@35c p«r
dozen ; Summer : Squash, 75c@$l per box: Bay
do.^ $1 50@2. : • , ;T; < ¦ ¦ -
NETV YORK, June. 1.— Exports of gold and
sliver from this, port to all countries for this
week aggregate $505,430 in. silver bars and coin
and • $4,071, 4S3 gold. ••. s--. ¦
The imports of soecie this $30,300
gold and $62,450 In. silver, j
Exports of Specie.
': NEW YORK.' June * L— The Commercial Ad
vertiser'e London financial | . cablegram* ,¦' says:
The stock market was again'quiet to-day, save
for American shares,' which .were quite* buoyant
on a steady stream of .small purchases.. After
the : market L . closed , activity . and strength were
maintained by . the ¦' execution of ; buying orders
on the curb .for New 'York' account. ¦ .This is
the first time that; the' latter * kind of buying
has'been in evidence' since the btg smash. The
announcement ' that the' warring ' Northern Pa
cific and Union 1 Pacific interests had arrived. at
an amicable • understanding "explains ' this | ac
tivity and buoyancy < of the American ; depart
ment The chief favorites were the Southern
Railway Mocks, the Atchison arid United States
Steel. ¦.-:'¦ .' : *"-.' ' . ¦ '.'. ".„. .;:-.'.
A reduction in the bank rate is possible next
Thursday. > ; - . ¦ ; ' .
"The money market ruled somewhat easier to
day, the call rate being 2Vi per cent on the
release of $3,000,000 in dividends,' etc.
Atchison. S8; Canadian .Pacific, 109U: ' Union
Pacl tic. . 92 ; Northern Pacific preferred, '¦¦ 101% ;
Grand Trunk, ,11%;- Anaconda; 10%;<bar silver,
steady, 27%U per ounce; money, 2®2ft per cent.
LONDON, June 1.— The recent nrnv.iess of
I discounts, notwithstanding "the strong bank re
turn and the prospects of further improvement
during the next few weeks, and In spite of the
srowins ease of money in New York, Paris
and Berlin. -Us due partly, to the arrival ; of ¦ a
large number of American bills, in connection.
i with the efforts of great houses to allay the re
cent panic. The free offerings of. 'jllls natural
ly, will-make buyers less keen'to compete, and
especially as many ; of these drafts . are in the
nature of finance, bills | drawn hy : -.. arbitrage ¦
houses In New York upon their representatives
In London. The Stock Exchange settlement be
! ing over, arrangements were made for the pay
ment of recently purchased securities, and the
supply of American bills is likely . to marked
ly diminish . therewith. The effect of ; the ac
cumulation of money at all the' monetary cen
ters upon: the value of money in. London will
soon become manifest. There are increasing
probabilities of the ' reduction of "the bank rate
to 3V£ and even to 3 per cent durine the next
few weeks. In France; the authorities uree a
prompt ¦ reduction. The • position of the Hank
of England and the general financial condition
are regarded as better than a" year ago, when
the rate was 3Vi and, immediately afterward 3
per cent. < • . . V ¦ . " . ,.'..•¦-•. ;':
Notwithstanding the creation of. the; finance
bill above mentioned, the Statist says: . *
tin view of accumulation , of money i»» New
York lurther gold shipments from ¦ ther<> to
Paris are probable, ti liquidate London 1 !- debt
in Paris. By. the timethase bills matuic, the
balance of trade -will- favor 'the -United States
and will have created an exchange nerca^dry
to liquidate a large portion of this indebted
ness, the strength of the markets also enabling
a pcrtion of the stock bought by . *he l&rge
houses to be resold." There have been signs of
"this the current week.- D.uring the panic mort
gage houses and others who lost heavily over
Northern - Pacific sought to recoup by gelling
short other securities. - .The' panic was stayed
. quicker than anticipated and a recovery oc
curred.. Hence, this week witnesses the pur
chases of considerable shares for European ac
count. Those who bought during the panic to
support the market have been able to resell a
certain amount, thus reducing a portion of the
indebtedness. .--.;• :-¦¦<.
London* Market.
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption; shows:. Available cash
balanoe, »162,S38,468; i gold i reserve, , $54,432,245. ,
»¦ . .: ..-.,.. . . . ... ¦ , . ............... . ¦ - - - . . ¦-,¦;.- -•--.:•: '.:- ;-;>-•"¦"¦ " * ' ' • • '
THE S AN' FR AKCISG O C ALIL, -SUNDAY, .JUNE 2, 190 1 .
:¦ On ; the Produce Exchange to-day I the Butter
market, was strong:. :Creama, 14<3>18%c; Dairies.
14@16c. -• Cheese, ftJMOVic. ¦. Eggs, ll}4c.\ . „
,;- ¦¦'¦ = ;. MVERPOOU. .: \ ¦
Wheafc-- . . . '.. "~ -r ' . «>... July. ¦:.. .Bept.'
Openliyr ;;¦••••—••••••"••••'••••••••••¦• — — ¦•¦''¦'. :-
Closing; 8 11% . '5 10%
.-¦" -. :,; . ' : * PARIS. ";V ¦.".¦-•-¦ -•>
.Wheat— ,:;' ." ' ; June." S«pt.-Dec.
Opening:'................. ".. 20 49, 20 95 •'
cio6in«/f;r:r.v.;»r.7.'.;Jr.; .".¦.*... 20 20 > y '>20 so 1 : ¦-;¦
Foreign Futures.
'. "Articles— ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
; Flour, .-barrels.....*.. ......... 21,000 • ¦,¦: : .l6,000
"Wheat.'.' bushels. ............... 90,000 ' . 109, 009
Corn, bushels; .............567,000"- - 658,000
Oats, bushels'. ..-.."..........".. 489,000. - 828,000
Rye, bushels ...............;. 5,000- ;' .2,000
Barley, bushels * ....- ¦¦...... 21,000 '.¦':¦¦.-¦ \ ¦ : : i.ooo
Pickpocket Is Warned.
31
THE COAST RECORD. -- , ' : .-' (
b £ £ o "» 5"
.1 S ? P .t\ i
I MS III
Astoria. ! 30.14 66 54 IJCW Cloudy I .24
Baker I 29.94 70 60 I SE Cloudy I .14
Carson ! Z9.SS S4 44 I E Cloudy | .00
Eureka Mssr.g .... 50 j
Fresno 29.74 I 98 | 6S |NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 I 6S j 38 j E Cloudy .<¥>
Pocotello. Id.. 2S.74 I 76 j 46 Inw Cloudy ! .00
Independence 29.70 1 86 I 60 I SE PtClo'dy! .00
Lo« 'Anseles... 29-86 I 70 4 68 I W Clear .00
Phoenix 29-70 | 96 64 IS W Clear .00
Portland 20-06 70 68 j W PtClo'dyJTrc
Red Bluff 29.7S 94 f 70 |NW|PtCloMyl .00
Ropebur* I ' ~° I 56 !NAV| Clear 1 .00
Sacramento ...I 29.76 j 32 | 66 |S W|PtClo'dy .00
Salt L*ke I 28.62 76 J S2 N Cloudy
c an Francisco. | 29.86 72 | 56 W PtClo'dy .00
5 I>ui« Oblspo.l 29.92 f 74 | 48 JfW Clear 1 .00
battle I 80-02 i 66 J 54 j S Cloudy .12
5an EHero I 28.S0 68 I 60 | W Cloudy .00
?nokane ...... 28.88 70 | 66 8 Rain .18
Keali Bay | 30.08 64 I SO 1 W f Rain .28
XValla Walla... I 29-84 78 I 60 I W Cloudy .10
WtcnfMcucca .! 29.78 SO I 28 1 W Cloudy Trc
Tuma I 23.6S |100 I 66 |S W Clear J .00
THE COAST RECORD. -- , ' : .-' (
b £ £ o "» 5"
.1 S ? P .t\ i
I MS III
Astoria. ! 30.14 66 54 IJCW Cloudy I .24
Baker I 29.94 70 60 I SE Cloudy I .14
Carson ! Z9.SS S4 44 I E Cloudy | .00
Eureka Mssr.g .... 50 j
Fresno 29.74 I 98 | 6S |NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 I 6S j 38 j E Cloudy .<¥>
Pocotello. Id.. 2S.74 I 76 j 46 Inw Cloudy ! .00
Independence 29.70 1 86 I 60 I SE PtClo'dy! .00
Lo« 'Anseles... 29-86 I 70 4 68 I W Clear .00
Phoenix 29-70 | 96 64 IS W Clear .00
Portland 20-06 70 68 j W PtClo'dyJTrc
Red Bluff 29.7S 94 f 70 |NW|PtCloMyl .00
Ropebur* I ' ~° I 56 !NAV| Clear 1 .00
Sacramento ...I 29.76 j 32 | 66 |S W|PtClo'dy .00
Salt L*ke I 28.62 76 J S2 N Cloudy
c an Francisco. | 29.86 72 | 56 W PtClo'dy .00
5 I>ui« Oblspo.l 29.92 f 74 | 48 JfW Clear 1 .00
battle I 80-02 i 66 J 54 j S Cloudy .12
5an EHero I 28.S0 68 I 60 | W Cloudy .00
?nokane ...... 28.88 70 | 66 8 Rain .18
Keali Bay | 30.08 64 I SO 1 W f Rain .28
XValla Walla... I 29-84 78 I 60 I W Cloudy .10
WtcnfMcucca .! 29.78 SO I 28 1 W Cloudy Trc
Tuma I 23.6S |100 I 66 |S W Clear J .00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALEV
?S» !;V\; £fr ;'-;• "fe'
TUESDAY. June 4. T ai 11 a.' m., U40 Folsom
st.. of 2 carloads of business, work and driving
horses.* 1 16-passenger wagonette, 4 new rubber-
tired buggies, .7 styles of carts, camp wagons
and other vehicles, 45 sets of new and second-
hand harness. " S. WATKIN3, Auctioneer.A gentleman doesn't forget his manners
the moment he enters his own door.
LUKHERATH NOT
THE MURDERER
Satisfied of His Innocence
Police Release
Him. 7 '
"It was my appetite for, liquor that got
me into this trouble. Had I been sober
the night v I went to ¦ the ' Hislop > residence
looking for a letter addressed ' to me. I
% ¦ : t ... r- -
"I'm glad to be '.free 'once more," * he
said in his native tongue -to- a friend,
who met him \ just after he ''was ' released,
"While I don't blame the police for hold
ing me in Jail; I was all" along satisfied
that they would see , that I was Innocent
and release me. '" - . . '.--'•"
Lukherath. the suspected murderer of
Robbie • Hislop,' . was j released .. from cus-'
tody yesterday, as it was evident to Cap
tain Seymour that he ,had nothing~>to do
with . the _ awful crime. ' Wfa^en } told 'that
he. was free to go where he pleased, Lu
kherath smiled' and '• adjusting bis collar
and necktie, which had. become disar
ranged, he left the Hall of Justice. "
: ¦ Southern - Pacific^- Eastern - : excursions,
June 3 and 4: . . Buff aloi arid return,' |87: ! St:
Paul and ; return,", $67 90 ; ;; Kansas City ' and
retiirnr; 160. ' Tickets on sale June' 8 : and 4;
limit 60 days/stopovers going and return
ing; choice of routes.*' Full' Information at
Southern Pacific orna*.fil3 Market street. .
Park Music Prograiome.
,:• Following ; is '. to-day's ! programme • of " mualc
at the . park: :, Overture, . •.•Freischutz" (W«ber) ;
morceau,, "Aubade \. Prtntanlare*' . . (Lacome) ;
scenes^ from .[ "Martha" r (Flatow); ' ?'La": Mari
posa" ••¦; (characteristic) : (Diaz) ; selection.' "The
Singing Girl". (Herbert): "Egyptian Ballet"
(I>ulglne) ; ¦ grand ¦ duet for cornet . and barytone
(Christophe), 1 - performed 'by W.; Mahobd 'and
W. _Colverd ; ; VCanzonetta Bspagnoie' '. :, (E. . A.
Brugulere); overture, "Der-. Tambour; der
Garde". (Titl) ; . march, VThe Roll ; ot Honor"
(H. Bossert). .':-. .. T ---^ "," ' - '• '
SIC AX BENEFIT FOR
CHULDBEirS HOSPTTAIi
Bomantic Fairy Operetta "The Maxsl*
Xing", Is Splendidly Staged
and Produced.'
'•The Marsh* King," from the p«n ot
Camilla lies Kenyon and adapted to mu
sic by Charles H. McCurrie, was present
eel as a delightful fairy operetta at | tha
Alhamhra Theater yesterday afternoon.
It was given for the benefit of .the Chil
dren's Hospital, and a large audlencd was
present. ' ¦
- The parts - were well sustained by tha
young folk and the stage settings wera
fascinating and gorgeous. Bright young
faces and handsome .costumes added' to
the attractiveness of each scene, and tha
.spectators were highly delighted.
Zenopbar, weaving a mystic spell over
caldron, cpened the first act.- Then
came the Moon Queen and the moonbeams
In songs and dances pretty and graceful.
The .cavern underneath I the marshes waa
discovered ln the second act;' Troll's min
ing : song, ¦ Roland's song- of captivity and
the chorus at the .entrance of the King
and subjects called for long applause. Tha
last act. In. which Zcnophar turns the ta
bles on the. King-, .was replete with beau
tiful solos and > choruses. • « -
The following memorial; adopted at- the
meeting of -the- Building , Trades Council
oh , May; 23, , was .presented i by i the bmcers
of that* body to President 'McKihleyi by ; a
committee consisting of P." H. 'McCarthy,
O. ' A." Tveitmoe : and H." r>. ' Bieg: ¦ ; ¦; "
. • Headquarters / Building >. Trades Council
. " ' ' of,"San.Frahcl8co, i Cal., v May 23. -
' * Memorial— To : : the ? Honorable) 1 the ; President
of the United : States 'of ' Americans "William ! Mc-
Kinley— Greeting: ;' The ; Building Trades ' Coun
cil, y representing • -; the organized ' craftsmen of
the - : builders', arts . in the ; State { of California,
has I enjoyed | the | pleasure and I good ¦ fortune . of
giving a hearty welcome to the chief, executive
r Fully .. appreciating . the honor . thus : conferred
upon ¦ us and keenly ; realizing • the ; position ¦ of
the , Building « Trades ; Council, ; both 1 , in ; tha In
dustrial world and as a factor- ln ] the progress
of . our ' city , and ¦- the development of • the I com
monwealth,'- we ' believe - that - it * is ; our duty at
this time to call attention to a matter that Is
of vital concern' to all the citizens ot the State
and' nation. -^ . v .. . \
Law.
Building Trades Council
- Desires Exclusion
JAPANESE LABOR
CAUSE OF WORRY
-."The subject of Oriental ;* Immigratio-n -is
worthy ; of the most serious consideration by
the American people, and wh'lle'we are thor
oughly acquainted with ' the fact that the
question has been fully discussed and settled
in the minds of the publ lc, * and while we en
tertain the fullest confidence in the ability of
the present- administration : and the.;willing
ness of Congress to re-enact . a Chinese exclu
sion law, when the Geary act shall have ex
pired, we nevertheless • find cause '• for - this
memorial. . ,--v '.¦.-., • <
The Japanese immigration - has assumed a
most alarming irropcrtlon, 1 - and ' It; it Is not
checked in - time will work irreparable injury
to nil the States on the Pacific . Coast. ¦ «
¦ Our objection to "; Japanese .. labor is - tha
same as that which has been advanced against
all coolie labor: it is based on the soundest of
economic principles— the law - that the - pro
duccr's standard -of living, determines the in
crease of a people andv consequently the com
fort or misery of the. laboring: class. ->• The most
striking ; thing : about ¦• the - Oriental people is
their fecundity.- In nearly all those countries
the ; Increase of population is limited- only by
the : supply of bread. .' A ; few , years ago Japan,
with little -foreign trade and subsisting, of
her. own soil," supported = 44,000.000 of people on
a. territory j not \ larger ' than the ¦ State of Cali
ifornia, - and ? only- one-tenth • of { which ( is [ ar
able. The . expansion of ;• population ' down to
the .' barest food minimum - digs - the abyss of
famine underneath millions of human beings,
and (but • one ¦ crop ' failure precipitates . niyrlada
of , Hindoos : Into t this abyss. -^ The - only ¦ thing
that -can avert 'such disasters is ' a - standard of
living' that Includes . something besides bread.
-¦But the root of our objection to the Japanese
Immigration : is - out exposure v to ; competition
with- a. cheap man. • The coolies cannot outdo
the -'.white • mechanic and - laboring man. . but
he: can underlive :hlm. • He cannot r. produce
more,' ; but he c?.n consume less. v ' '.*- ''•-%: ¦
. ' Everything ws call i progress has ; helped I to
develop '. a ~ man, '. who " can •- produce / much and
who | can ; consume * much, • and i If has . abhorred
the cheap man. High wages and prosperity to
the American' people go together; but,; in I ord*r
to guard ¦ thia well the 'American^laborer .-must
nave protection against ; the cheaper : man— or
else we will ; soon find , that ] one . American boy
has been replaced by three Orientals.
Therefore/. Mr. President, do your, memor
ialists respectfully request that you will *iva
this question your earnest and profound con,*
sideration, which we trust and pray mar re
sult to the common good of all the citizens o£
the -great American nation.
• P. *H. McCAP.THT, President B. T. C.
! O. A. TVEITMOE, Secretary B. T. C.
Kislop residence the anxious school chil
dren gather around and * ply the sleuth
with questions about the murder. i
One little, tot met Detective Ed. Gibson
and rushing. up to him anxiously inquired
If *.he had- caught the : murderer. When
answered in the negative, the child com
menced ¦. to cry; . ; ¦ ¦ - ¦
.; 'Please arrest him, Mr. Detective," she
tearfully pleaded, stroking the officer's
hand. "You know, we are trying to help
you find him." .. . ¦ i
rt On being - assured that everything : was
being done to land the murderer in pris
on,, the child suddenly dried her. eyes and
kissing tbe hand of the : detective : : ran
across the street to tell. her waiting com
panions of what Gibson had- said.
The Japanese, servant' who. was dis
£]?arged from the residence of Attorney
McCloskey • thV night '.before the murder
and upon whom a morning paper tried to
throw- suspicion isiin Aalmeda.' Captain
Seymour is satisfied. that he had nothing
to. do with the bloody crime. . • •
would not have gone there, and' perhaps
¦would not h'ave been arrested on - suspi
cion of being the murderer of the ' poor
boy. However, I hope - the police will
catch the. right -man and that justice, will
be swiftly meted out to. him." • -
looking for Owner of Hatchet.
All the policemen in the city were yes
terday ordered by their superior ; officers
to visit all the houses oh their respective
beats and inquire if any hatchets ¦ were
missing. The persons . reporting the
loss of : hatchets will be - taken to- po
lice headquarters and shown the one
found in- the lot near the Hislop resi
dence on - the morning of ; the V murder.
By these means Captain Seymour hopes
to clear up the mystery surrounding the
ownership of the bloody, weapon. In ad
dition to trying to, find an owner for! the
hatchet,. the head of the detective depart
ment has a number of men engaged ln
getting: a trace of the pin -stolen from the
Hislop residence « by the assassin. It l is
on ordinary gold pin and is worth very
little. Captain Seymour is inclined. to be
lieve that the . murderer, finding, that the
pin was almost valueless, threw it away
after " leaving the house, • rather "than . to
run the risk incldentto disposing of lt.>'
As far as the Hislops know the pin was
the only article stolen from the house.
- AH . day yesterday a . number of ¦• school
children, - friends .. of .the -murdered '¦ boy,
searched the f-treets and' vacant' lots In
the. vicinity of the scene 1 of 'the, murder
for the pin,- but without getting a trace
of it". .\ . '/. ; . .- ¦ ' ¦?,?;,: •; -:'¦ : "- ; -.
; i~ Schoolboys Turn Detectives.' - * ;
- Anxious to see the .brutal murderer of
their unfortunate companion Buffer for
his awful" crime, the former school mates
of the ' dead boy have ' constituted them
selves r "detectives, " • and are doing all ln
their , power, to , unravel ? the mystery.
Whenever a detective shows up ¦¦ at the
Thomas Magee, in his Real Estate Cir
cular' for June, says that there are more
buyers than sellers for the best business
properties. Warehouse property, especial
ly where it faces the railroad tracks, is
sought after and at advancing prices.
There is not much doing at the moment
on Pacific Heichts. • -» '
Last month there were seventy sales of
fifty ..varas, amounting. to $1,238,267; thirty
sales of 100 varas. amounting to $301,207;
nine sales of city slip and water lots,
amounting to $200,150; one sale at South
Beach, $12,500; sixteen sales in the Po
trero. $25,350; 105 sales In the Mission, $265,
522; 138 sales in the Western Addition,
S906.SS7; twenty-two sales in- South San
Francisco, $7S.S27; seventy -six sales of out-
Elde lands, $117,771. The total sales of the
month numbered 467 and represented the
value of $3,145,551. The mortgages in May
numbered 443 and amounted to $1,862,022.
The releases numbered 249 and amounted
to $1^217,412.
Deeds to realty put on record the past
week ln San Francisco represent a total
valuation of $900,<X>0 in round figures, the
aggregate falling only a few thousand dol
lars short of that sum. The larger trans
actions embraced the following:
Maria Mocker to Oscar T. Luning, northwest
comer of Kearny street and Union-square ave
nue, S0:Ex6Ox30xe0x6O:5. for $210,000; hall and let
of the Improved Order of Ked Men's Hall As-
Eoclation. on the north line of Post street, to
th». Union Trust ' Company, the lot being 175
feet west from Stockton street and 5Cxl37:6 in
dimensions, for $110,000; Belle Curtis and Lizzie
Muir to Edward Hopkins, their residence on
the north line of Post street. 60 feet west from
Powell, for $50,000; Peter Spreckels to A. B.
Spreckels, southwest corner ot Twelfth and
Howard etreets and other properties, for $75,
000,- Catherine Callahan to Henry C. Ca-llahan.
60x75 on the southwest line of Sixth street. 30
feet southwest from Minna and 25xS0 on the
southeast line of Minna, 75 feet southwest from
Sixth, for $70,000; from the Pixley estate to Al
bert Pissis. southwest corner of Polk and Cali
fornia streets, for J70.000.
t Brokers Make Exports.
"A. J. Rich & Co. report the following
pules : . ; .
Svortheast corner of Franklin and Fulton
streets, for H. Schussler and J. Goldman, the
lot being 120x166:8, for $48,000; the Jacob Stern
property, on the east line of Stockton street,
<7U> feet north from Fbst. 23:4x87:6, to O. M.
Brennan. for $36,000; lot 25x110 on the south line
of/^i'age etreet, SO feet west from Shrader, for
E. Gauthier to S. Shejer, for $2500; house and
lot 25x120 on the south line of Grove street, be
tween Baker and T-ron. for Felix Hahn to J.
Stauffer, for $4000; northeast corner of Pacific
and Salmon streets, 20x77:0, for the estate of
J; Higgins to B. Mangels, for $2600.
The same brokers have leased to Mrs.
Tk E. Sutton the upper part of the build-
Ing: on the north line of Geary street. be-»
ltwgingr to the estate of Frank H. Wood,
Including 130 rooms, for live years, the
crgregate of rental being $3S,003.
- F. B. Surryhne reports the following re
cent sales made:
i Lot on the northwest corner of Clay and
Cherry streets. 100x100 feet. $8500; lot on the.
south line of Fulton street, 100 feet west from
Baker, 25x100 $2000; house and lot No. 727 j
Bush street, lot 22:6x&) feet, $6150; lot on the !
north line of Page street. 85 feet west from '•
Octavia, 25x120, with four tenements, JoyOJ;
two flats Xos. 1616-12 McAllister street, be
tween Devlsadero and Broderick, $S0M; house
and lot No. 1731 McAllister street, between i
Broderick and Baker, 2Sxl37:6 feet, $3000.
Properties Change Sands.
' Baldwin & Howell report the following
tales:
Tnree-story brick building and lot '20x137:6,
south side of Bush street, 137:6 feet east of
Dupont, for Sir, 000; southeast corner of Third
end Brannan streets, 127:6x137:6, with im
provements, for $Z5,000; east side of Nineteenth
avenue, 225 feet south of H Btreet, 59x120, for
£1750; lot and improvements on the west side
<»f Clayton street, south of Waller. 25x125, sold
to Thomas McCarthy lor $6500; lot on the west
side ot Ninth avenue, south of H street, 25x
.120, $1000; southwest corner of Twenty-third
street and Beach alley. 37:Sx65, $2800; west side
of Nineteenth avenue, 200 feet couth of H
street, 60x120, S1800; north corner of Seventh
and Cleveland streets. 23x75, with Improve
ments, $4000; west side of Folsom street, south
of- Seventeenth, 24x122:6, $1500; north side of
street, east of Pierce, 25x137 :\ $2751* ;
east side of Tenth avenue, south of M street,
' 23x120. $S00: east side of Third avenue, south
of California street, 25x120. for $1100; east side
"of Folsom street, south of Thirteenth, 25x96,
J1S50; northeast corner of Eighteenth avenue
and I street, 32:6x100, $1500; east side of San
Bruno road, north of Twentieth street, 25x100,
'S350; north side of Dorland street, east of Do
lores, S5xlIS, 14XiO.
fi G. H. "Cmbsen & Co. have sold to A. B.
31cCreery the Mrs. Laura Harrison place,
_27:Cx#7:6, on the north line of Suiter street,
- Jiear Powell, for $2X500.
ATT Sections Moving.
• '^Becent sales are reported by Lyon &
Hg&£ as follows:
• ; .-nl«ot 25x135 on the west line of Shrader street,
between Waller and lieulah, with three new
flats, tar ~W. B. Wilson to L. S. R. Tevendale.
S9009; from the Real Estate and Development
-Company to Mrs. E. Williams, lot on the east
' Jine of Missouri street, 25 feet north of Elght
: eenth street. 25x100; with two flats to be built
< to order. ' $1500; lot on the west eide of Baker
"Jatreet, 37 :« south of Golden Gate avenue, 25x
•j MrlOii, STO00; lot on the south line of Filbert
'.etreet, 187:6 easf of Steiner, 25x137:6, 5875; lot
en the south line of Clay street, 135 feet west
.'¦ot Cherry, $1675; lot and a six-room cottage ou
"the west line of Missouri street. 100 feet south
ot Nineteenth.- 25x100, $2350; lot on the west
¦'line of Steiner street. S7:6- south of Union. 25x
" " JDO, $1100; lot on the west line of Steiner street,
' : -$7:6 Booth of UniqL 30x100, ¦ $1300; . southwest
corner of Utah and Mariposa etreets, 37:6x100,
.. with lmprorements, $2600; Jot on the north line
of Clay street, 81 feet south of Baker. 25x105,
S25Q0. to J. "L.. Wilson, who will build three
'.' flats; lot on the -west line of -Twenty-fifth ave
nue, 275 feet south of Clement, 25x130, $400; lot
oq the west line of ??oe street, 172 feet north
of Twentieth, 25x125. with new cottage. $2650;
lot on the west line of Minnesota street. 275
feet north of Twenty-second, 25x100, $1200; lot
on tie west Use of Xinth avenue. 250 feet north
Loot K etreet, George F. Lyon to J. E. Hill, $750.
. The following sales are reported by A.
¦ M. Speck & Co.:
¦:', F"or Charlotte- H. FouUces. lot 25x20, with
two-etory frame building, on the south line
of Minna street,' 12S:4 feet east from Fifth, for
£2500; for F. Bernard of Pasadena to Hugo
Blzzl, 22:6x127:6. and two eicht-room flats, on
the west line of Hyde street, 127:6 feet north
from Jackson, for tSOOO.
'¦'. : A. M. Epeck. as administrator of the
estate of Elizabeth Hetherington; has ap
plied for permission to sell the flats, stores
and' lot at the Junctin of Market. Castro
and Seventeenth streets.
¦-• Sbalnwald. Buckbee & Co. have leased
to C Sidney Shepard & Co., manufactur
ers of tin and enamel ware, the brick
warehouse at 224 and 226 Beale street and
running through to Fremont for live
years, the total rental for the term being:
321,000.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold 103 :4x
27L on the south line of Brannan street,
between Eighth and Ninth, to a draying
company for $15,500. Also the northeast
corner of Franklin and Union streets.
24:4x170:6 feet, for $25,000.
The sale of the Mocker property on the
northwest corner of Kearny street and
Union Square avenue to Oscar T. Luning
for $210,000 was made through the agency
of Sbainwald, Buckbee & Co.
Bealty at Auction.
The auction sale held by Eaiston, EI
dridge & Co. during the last week result
ed in the sale of all the ten parcels on the
catalogue. The prices are reported as
follows: .
No. 17! Market street, 34:7x124, $19,800; 847-49-
Cl Bryant street. 22x75, $2350; northeast corner
Legtma and O'Farrell streets, 62:6x95. $10,500
1156. 1158. 1160 Ellis street. 27:6x137:6; tlS.OOO;
southwest corner Buchanan and Fulton streets.
S7:6xS4.. $11,600; northwest corner Twentieth
street and L<erlogton avenue, 30x85, $7800; north
west line ot Bryant street, 48x90, $3075; south.
east corner Point L«obos avenue and Cook street.
40x125, J2000; south line of Twenty-seventh
street. 80 feet east from Noe, 114x160, $2400; east
Hue of Boyce street, 75 feet north from St.
Rose'e, $800. ' f ¦ -',:: rt --'.
Buildings Are Planned.
A- M. Speck will erect four buildings,
each to contain two flats, on Sixth ave
nue, between C and D streets, near Golden
Gate Park entrance. The cost will be
516,000.
A three-story and basement frame
'buliaing will be erected for Amerleo
Buaod on the east line of Taylor street,
north from. Lombard, to cost 16200.
Deeds of Week Represent a
Value Approaching One
; Million.
Buyers More Numerous
-ii Field Than Are
Sellers.
BUSINESS LOTS
ARE IN DEMAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JUNE 2, 1901.
32
<^*«* o if[j{a t^f =^ *• '•\jL°t^| The meaning, the scope and magnitude of this effort can be summed up thus; The Summer Girl — She'll reap a harvest of good things during this summer j.^Hj^>3 E 7 A/r I V Wai I
• * v *• ••'^••'^J I ' -^ Because you want us to. . . ; ¦ t '. sale. Her outfit* will be smarter and more complete than the same money ,f^> /¦»/ \A \-t-\ifln5
*'l m if(/fi* '• ** iL****J! *'*1 \^f nV f c are a^ ways studying to give you what you want would get at any other time. - 2>^\}/tJ Lf A+l \ vrfjB
":/*.* I l : ' .'"." .'••jlSiiy'i J * 0 .".^"!^^- .- Vnn W w^t "Good Th ; e Summer Cottage—We've thought ahead- of what you'd need— what'll <vC?/+ UAA^Vtll
ik4 h ::JMk : 'A Goods" mcans-the naturaTwa^T/to^slow 0^ us.^WewillmaTe nTo^trai^n bnghten an d [ (P^ U IV/MM V IS
fl \il I •;¦'• % 'jmrnr J A the next few ** ys than wc wiU money ' Dollars wiU come afterward^a "Good De especially tempting. -./¦.. /I^VVV 1 M»\VvlJI
Win fiM I wt- •/alm\ llffl Ja Goods" buyer is sure to buy again. .-'.-. ' ; . , I _ • |" Undermuslins; wash goods; lighter woolen stuffs; l/IWlvrS + /7 /&nMritf*ftll\m
WK^VOSL^^^WllmA JM I ' j The June Brid»— For her our strongest efforts are WhSatV thousands of yards of bright new waist silks: fancy rib- iMfPTCW MSc^SJlIT ) /u/.B
I \ffl9E&Vi *•* \\\V Vl3\ AA/rto/V*/ I made. Silks for her gown; her hat, her suit, her para- TV IflC&l** bons galore (half-price, and styles, too, never shown be- IiiilXVV^E 5pW\ \VVI V /(I
malii ' •* •^IVxiKJll llVP • I sol are interesting features of the sale. Her trousseau . fore); millinery (trimmed and untrimmed); silk and M^n^7Ul Vl \J/ A(I&1
WlVLiL * .* * V «. \ U I i isn't complete without a five-piece set of muslin un- wash waists; dress skirts; embroideries and lace curtains. - » > ' IWrfr-Tni N i i «/ A/liT«
¦ U/ffi*** * *• •• * ¦X.w'-li- I derclothes — all trimmed to match. ' , ¦ ,. . ¦ • - Everything for summer 1. . .• IU1I/ A |*\ N*\ 'n/ //tf*S
B'ilS^fi Muslin Underwear, First and Primarily K\yiCT
RM^':!- ::^\ New Beauty and: New- Economy . ' |hh)jUw Ifcvl
K/lvfl** *• ** • ** *• * \ " We do tnIs everv sIx months— would .lo it oftener if we coulrl get enough good But when we add to these already unusual bargains .-- : ¦!£ Whk li'lfl (41 I / x \h
EflWVf *• * * '*»\ ' - underclothes below their worth. . • .•" ¦ . • ' \ . ¦ : . tl. pi..i, m- , .. . . # _ ,, . . ,».• liJwi I\\ll3lf/i 11 14 \ ¦ \ AH<
WM3JJ ' .* •* . - v* \ • Makers and ourselves have come to see that it's better for both of us to do busi- I HR NiHRK 0 1 311 rJKlPm M 311 1!TU PTI1 TO T ffl T Thirn liTT Y v//lttv\4 'HI \ I V I E \* M
H/K/fl'. • y. ;• *- '.A nesi on a closer basis a couple of times a year-keeps us healthier. So we get to- HSOOiUUa Ul till LCiOllill! IT1 (31! U I CIU i U I CI I Ul I III I U UN L/*4nVvWl l % ) U J E\ \vl
WMil .•••*•. * V gether. We clip our profits. They clip theirs. While It lasts It means ./- we've a muslin underwear attraction that baffles the trade and will prove one of fAL'?rf¥jJ U ( 7 (IV I I
Blwtf • • • «• *' . W r» n« j n • x» ¦¦ j 1 xl mt it j n 1 r« • the strongest buying Incentives San Francisco v.omen ever had. Kt^Ov J / I L llJ\ Vs3
WWi '• . •*- ' " :<< *^\ Prntt pr and Ma ntipr nnprn nthp^ Wav nrtpr Rpcrn ar Pr f-R!s ra I u i sx H torcs , l lnt ( h f stat J eshareit . 4300 pieces came to us . Garments of lawn.- rSS?S5/f ul r ir\ \ i
Itfj// ." •. » •. . • \\ I lOUlGI UlIU UalllllCI UllUulblUIIICO flUjf UllUCI nCKUIQI I llwuO cambric and muslin, trimmed with pretty insertions, laces embroideries and rib- ik&tf^Qij/l 1^]/^ K'Jl 1 H
wgfji .•••**•** v • ' "-*•" " ' "--•-'•''" •-,' ;¦¦•• ¦¦¦'.: '••- , cons — none of it cheap or put on for show R \ln]'£y 1 1 i (~ •{•* #11 1 !
Will ' ••':" • *,A The aim is to raise the standard of style and quality; to give daintier and bet- When these big fellows get in trouble they must go to a bisr concern for rpllpf— « // i/v I /"M / - / IA 1
Wk: : ' : ' '' ' !# >M llT^^ lm^ Pri t c b e 3 a CamPaign SSSJ. SrMC ""ief^ffl'SSrt'Sf W/V I LLh 1 U \\
wyj^^l'^JM towns, Lace and Embroidery Trimmed, 48c. W^£$^^ W/ J />!//& )\m
M •'jfP^rr^^X T.\ V \\\ .-. Good^muslIn-8 styles-wtth square 8150 Gowns i OP $1.00. 8c Each. 01, F n ,h ' ' *i P///7V. I //? tl.ll
• 7 /// /jl I* I I II ' *Jk A \V\\\\^ y»ke, fcias lace and embroidery inser- •tr^-.y.^^t j..,, f ,i__.j - m&-. vn •> «*,,i_ : '_ * . , . -.1C E-aCdi VI /J 1-i.l /j /M\' ?! OB
/'*/// fl\\\ n WV^W\V ¦ tlon-the other with bias yoke of fine Embroidery trimmed. . 2 styles, made of sood muslin, plain high rart ,^ rl(W . t , ft ., vt k U J 7 / / (tJf) IB
. ///'Jl' / I \\^ -\V" V tucks and embroidery insertion-ruffle jto OH Cnmh-lc finu-no ftl *>& or low square necks. - . cambrlc-4 styles, soft . cambric, high , • K '/,/ f\( J /A If il ¦
• II *.// J- XV' \\* trimming on collar and cuffs. '«,' v, * , . , uown8 » '''~ ¦ h~^ .- .-."¦--' . necks with embroidery edee, and In- .. J *f J V ft/Ml K I ¦
• • .1 f A^ .. ' 75c Gowns for 58c. lace ! — d ' : * ln embrolder y and Xft 2 15c tach. - aertlon; other styles V neck with em- \ / A J (\\ ( IFJ \ A 1
>X " «. ' .* ** ' "*' '*> Soft mu 8 lln-ln 3 styles-high. 'eqjiare .' OtheP Styles Up to $7.50. ' >f%v# ' l\ " v "nlck^UhVmstltchelca^b^c'rlfflel brolder y or lace; regular" price 35c. - // / \ I U A + \ (+\s. I 1
I 1 **li\'l\ /// II i\\ \\» •¦ B styles— some with hemstitched col- Sum *~& ' / I' /*™^^A/ S «t '« • ' t y™.. «tvi«~ ml) i, .-..^j • _„,« . „ _¦ \'> i. /»/'/•*/" J^\. M
1 '•• i\ ../'•> V \" I lars and cuffs, fine tucked yokes, some . • Mg[ / &@& • -V // I V^ - ft bon. others with round andsquare VV/V /*( V^"V\\ 1
X' I _^wi»— "4 with solid yokes of hemstitched tucks. «¦ ) / / I I =%\1 >>^ necka with lace and ribbon; then the f H. I 1+ I f*Si m 1 *' *>>*"¦
I others with lace and hemstitched nlf- JHMk)»Ei v_^>99^^ / / Jk iW "fc-V.^y i^^v. "^ n ecks writh embroidery and ribbon; l^rf^^i^ttitJ^t^Jf*^'<mmJlt^^ l^ t^9^A
- flCB r ° Und yOkC " '^^S^-tt ' K iCT| IftV /(§ Mtf\ regular price 50c; sale price 35c ' : */ .
Writing Paper. Ladies' Drawets.'.^^^CTl;' Jff ,^S^ : :'^(A White Petticos^s. "For Men. fci|^
. 26caBox. M.^.r^^Tn'T^d'wtt^broi-^^^^^^M^^^^ >?%i/ ¦ ' \ J^%* \ vftwh " V Skirts SDc- :'.. Hamlk.rch'ef, 7c («««l!y JOc). .
Cream white note paper and envel- dery ruffle on bottom-3 tucks abova-sale price ,c£S£3g^A\ \\\W \j^J///^J^^ n r /wM^fC^S\ I H\ Made of pood muslin, with yok* band and Fancy bordered and hemstitched. «Jso
3S;=«'" lla - . I)/ 'fWWf^W/ S..25 Sk ,,ts at Sac! B M dBow 5l2 c (u s uaIly23 c,
RoyarVeivatCrea. Note Paper !« ]^B~« f~ ? ¦•^ ' =^^^^^^^^C2^ T^g^^^^ £$g&£gj&l5k
20c.b»«ck.ge.- 50c Drawers at 35c. ' V' Al r^PSP^^rW i ' $1 50 Skirt, at SI 00 H.II Hc» UJc ¦
It i<; qn extra fine Iipavv nanpr p* Made of good soft muslin— cut wide— trimmed ' "57 / ¦* \ «^iitat.S^^«r r iJS^S c//^»w. V^L— -r^ • ' -7" Blacks or tans— medium weight— spliced
It IS an extra nne, lieavy paper, ej- t "^^ 8 ( ? I ,J 1 m u {£ f n fl c^ d [e^roldew- ~JyJP^^? ' V ' C *«efipfib* J '^ \^Si / 1^=^<\^ Made of fine soft finish muslin,, deep cambrfc heels and toes, guaranteed fast dy»-our fa-
peciallv put UP for US — 2OC a pound Ju nr ij -,-jL ' _lir rul " e anu eraoroiaery , iPfl 1^ / . V jSc^~ ' flounce on bottom, richly trimmed with wide mous "Iron thread" stockln«» for men
Yrfi ' <f/ *^ T ***^ ' . ' ruffle of embroidery-dust ruffle-sale price Jl. -12%c.
Well astQnish the city aiain with This Summer 3nlehrin4sv^J \
M^erMe^mmyfJibbsns M^ ln Laee Curtains-
/JCC U9W WJClG %lWy ffl G~~ cLflCl J2QW Pr6l£y ; ~€lIlCl IJfZVfl We don't rememher when you ever had such lace curtain opportunities: when you could get so much style and
Now buy your summer ribbons' We'll <;p]| vmi ™ n v n f th o o «*• ' \ ,1 • ', ¦ , , - beautv. for so little money. Better yet. so much of it— and all of it so new! ; Not an old-style pattern, not an-nnde-
for a half and third "whS you'd pay in the usL^waT^ThiU^fTettlnlYhe swdfirt 0^!^^^?-- sirable pair-not a curtain but that is worth its full price if any curtains are. They are all bright and pretty-made by
21c Others you can't buy from regular stock under 35c aid 39c arJ fmarked^ h^ c 8weIIest 45c ribbon V° u v e seen this season for reliable people. We buy so many from these folks they are glad to help US out when we want to hold a sale.
Not a Yard Hfl<; FvPf Rppii Qfinwn RoW COTTAGE CURTAINS. - NOTTIlNGHAM CURTAINS.
** IUIU . • *Cl^ L'VCI 1-JCrWll A^lliiWH OclOlC. In many attractive designs-muffled, others with neat lace "We have a reputation for. the largest variety and tha fcest
Just as new and fresh as if you went right to the looms for them. The shades and stvlea are thfl^fflvnriKi, „,„„ edging and Insertion to. match all the newesfbed room ef- values which will be strongly emphasized this week. W©
you'd hit on if you chose from a factoryful. IT'S THE MOST 'FORTUNATE ; OFFERING " OP FANCY " RTBRON«T~'rwr3 te * ts an <i can be daintily draped. have made three new prices for this summer sale:
fng douW Tnte?^^^^ 72c apair-S.yardB long-12O pairs.
- , .¦•'..' ¦¦'-:¦ I . "Reduced to 65c— Lappet Swiss— 4O pairs. $1.19 a pair— 3 to 3^ yards long^-210 pairs. :
I he FtrfirP I Of fit OnP Pl«frP— E^ir Reduced to 85c— tappet and Plain Swiss— 47 pairs. $1.49 a pair— 3j4 yards long— 18O pairs.
'"^ UI '"'' C V-V-' V** 1 - V «C rilU B -=iIU Reduced t6 $1.00— Plain and Figured Swiss— 70 pairs, s , They are in ecru or white. .
" de^Jw^P; Note carefully the variety and popularity;^ -, - - .- Reduced to ?1.25-Colored Swiss, very dainty-50 pairs. . fOlcH Dm]V , T riTDTAINQ
iH^S^^^^^^ BOBINBT CURTAINS. \
»^KM» s;3!t lnchea : ¦ Startling Reductions. -^ ' fh^Sn^ 11 ' 3 " ""^
rSes^wi^and'w^thTctSanVS Svj rIbb ° nS W - fU " y «0mE NO. 4-21c-Pretty Brilliant- Taffeta "= Ribbons. Th^yare plain; white, quite suitable for bed chamber windows ' 27 pairs at $4.50.
«_,_,__ wo . ' «^ - - . . fi4 inches wide; charming, up-to-date styles; such gTounds as or draping canopies on metal beds-130 pairs at these new , J? II ' »n ««<r« *± ft«5 KOl
OFFEB NO. 2-21c-A swell ribbon - with hair-line turquoise, cardinal, light blue, lilac and pink, with white prices: \ ««*«„« «o «« 39 pairs at $4.00. • 42 pairs at $5.50.
striped center and border of white ground and .colored corded stripes; also solid white. It is a ribbon that ought to "'•$1.35, $1.75, $2.OO, $2.25, $3.OO. They are all white, 3% yards Ions and 50 Inches wid«.
stripes. It is double faced and is a trifle over 4% Inches wide. se " ' or 30c — 21c is our price.. . • : . ¦ ' L . ¦
SrqSorsrm a h can^card^al Plnk ' light WU^ » ML Z-~A*r nf - ' '
turquoise, lilac and cardinal. . 3% inches wide patterned in two solid stripes of different M Z* "i"/ 9 ll 1 £> Sf *T OTTPViTlvS Q>A
- OFF^NO. 3-21c- E legant Gros Grain Silk Ribbons. iniS'-Sv? W^^QMMBM^l ££ ¦ *T 4
both sides exactly the same; the plain grounds are relieved pink, cardinal and maize with white. ' y> 4~^ • £' \T ' "' J y^^-^^^Vr/V B iTh £~h OT +
nndihennmi^Qmeries-safiOQy^Js^ Fancy 5nks 59p; |g^|^fi^g|
Ano1''tl01+ f?jd mill nrrf r /»f)£J C/» /lf/r»*5cr r*I-*r* 14+ Specially priced for this sale. Stuffs worth in the regular The favorite goods for outing wear, comes in all the new
/\ll~lllUl UIK Uilll JJUJ LllClJjC JJrjIJ%& JjVlCGS OSWjl'ftllftll* way $1.00 and $1.25. They include popular stripes, cords and fancy mixes and in the latest up-to-date shades-38 lnchea
¦. . "V '¦ - " - , *¦ ¦. . " ¦Zrr£---T^.~~ brocades in a full line of new shndes. They are just right wide, now 32c instead of oOc. . 4 «"* ' ¦':?<- f \
ure foTs* as r itTs b to yoT outpourlne - the fourth of our br » lf ant series this: season. This is as great a surprise and pleas- for waists-19 and 20 inches wide.. £9c now instead of a dollar. • ... y
- season?''' 6 already ' thl3 s P rln^ in addition to the regular stock' as much embroidery as we've heretofore sold in two <R , \r\ F^ tlC V 6CC 2 5 C .' nHIlCy .. illltlllgS I0 3 C.
I to usf^e^rialirw^skin^pyiof^^a^^^ as with users. - Embroidery bargains feo^ .ggS flannel sil^ocale in Sain c^l^-the $J^ $&^c2^^^l£^ t^*S8&.
r . . • %/ j ¦¦ • ¦ m r ' a «s Vi. .*• ' * " designs are small- but effective— 13 shades from which" to.se- wtar; 34 inches wide— summer sale makes if 16 2-3 cents In-
Every Yard Here Is Perfect— All Designed for Present Use wide: all -; thcm^^M^S^MM^. inches stead o£ s ccnts '
• funp^eJ b^ni S n=^
to !0 inches - ¦ '\'Z' - ? ? soft finished stuff In a full range of all. toe best **£*%**?•** 'S Sl^SSSft 1^ right S^
¦ - n ¦ . • 1 & : ', , ' . shades-in the ordinary -way it would sell for $1,25. .;
¦ '5^* ygCt * OC. I * *" ' IOC C4- f Vm \\7 ' Um ' -C * H 37 inches wide. *
?nl^4f«eloS .^HrSil jSSE^ity Si§IS SiSiSB IIS§^pp^ii^il|ii Silk Pimshed Taffeta Lining. 10c
u°p h to S 3. land 5 bea», Stolg Uons'u^tol" 18 ' g|| \lo^ i^t'-^' '»ch«,«rlde, . ; ' .th^tl.ta^.tancrshlrt^al.t^hcwn in a full line ot deli- brown and tan-a On. worthy _
' jft&Y /£&/ <^^S£B& (§i^fr&3E2&' Qfif-liili^' treat^I™ ou^see notlfi hted b Wlth th ' 8 ' aS We " as the great spread of P, retty things we make on the second floor this week. Don't miss this "^^i^/i^^^^^^ *!&E3&
¦<iTm^^n )^ oeof^y j < Market Street, Near Sixth; Opposite Golden Gate Avenue^ - | eoovg^^