LORD KITCHENER OF 'KHARTOUM, COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF BRITISH FORCES IN SOUTH AFRICA. THE
PICTURE IS REPRODUCED FROM THE WORLD'S WORK; AND IS FROM A SNAPSHOT TAKEN ¦ WHILE
. THE GENERAL WAS TALKING TO~A TURKISH MILITARY..' ATTACHE. - J .-" «¦ • -
REDCLIFF, Colo., Sept. 29.— The big
gest forest fire ever known in this locality
is raging to-night on Battle Mountain and
threatening the town. The conflagration
extends for a couple of mllea along the
west side of tho mountain and near the
summit in burning flercelvj. The citUens
fear for their . property "and homes, and
ail the dre-fighting paraphernalia in in
readiness for an emergency. The flre Is
traveling In the '.direction of the mining
camp of Oilman, and that place is in even
mortf danger at present than'RedcllnV ¦ ;
Their Homes.
Colorado Prepare to Save
Residents of Mining Villages in
GREAT FOREST FIRE
SPREADING TO TOWNS
The inquest developed the fact that the
forehead of each had been cut with some
eharp instrument and bullets fired Into
the wounds. A bloody ax was found in
the bed of William Greenhill and a blood
stained hatchet was discovered elsewhere
In the house.' These finds and because of
the conflicting stories told by the brothers
caused the arrest.
Killed Their Bister and Her
Lover.
DESOTO, Mo., Sept. 29.— Daniel and
William Greenhill are under arrest here
on suspicion of having murdered 'Mrs.
Uren, their sister, and John Meloy, a
Buitor for her hand. The couple were
killed last night at the home of Mrs.
Uron's father.
Two Missouri Men Thought to Have
BROTHERS ABE ACCUSED
OF A DOUBLE MURDER
."Lieutenant Colonel" Roosevelt, First
United States Volunteer Cavalry, . to be
breveted colonel, United States Volun
teers, for gallantry in battle, Las Gua-
Bfmas, Cuba, June 24, 1898 ;• for gallantry
in battle, Santiago de Cuba, July 1. 1898,
Lieutenant Colonel Theodore Roosevelt
to be breveted brigadier general."
The latter class of cases was disposed
of by a similar board, which concluded. its
sessions over a year ago. While the fact
that a brevet had been recommended to
Congress for Coldnel Roosevelt was pub
lished at the time the nominations were
sent to the Senate, it appears that there
were two separate recommendations, and
tho exact basis for the board's action
was not made publiq. Therefore the adju
tant general to-day furnished these tran
scripts from the proceedings .of the board:
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29. — Adjutant
General Corbin announces that the board
or brevets, recently appointed to meet at
the "War Department Monday, would de
vote its attention solely to,, the cases of
officers and enlisted men who especially
distinguished themselves in the cam
paigns in China and in the Philippines.
It will have nothing to do with respect
to the cases of officers who rendered
special service in the West Indian cam
paign.
War Department Publishes
Transcripts of an Old
Proceeding.
SAYS SCIENCE
DID NOT AID
COLUMBUS
Had Confirmation of
Land's Existence* .
Writer* Declares Discoverer
PARfS, Sept. 29. — An important work,
which throws a fresh light on the discov
ery of America by Columbus, has been
written by Henry Vignaud, first secretary
of the United States Embassy here. "Vig
naud, who is- the vice president of the
American Society of Paris, has made a
life study of the early history of America.
In an interview with,, The Call correspond
ent Vignaud said: 1 --,V:
"The present work is intended to show
that for the last four centuries we have
been deceived by a fraud which hides
from us the real beginnings of Columbus'
project and that the famous documents
ascribed to Toscanelli, the famous Flor
entine astronomer, were fabricated. I sub
mit excellent reasons for believing that
Toscanelli never wrote the letter of 1474
to King Alfonso of Portugal and never
traced the chart alleged to have accom
panied it. Columbus" design was not
founded on any scientific basis, bur upon
positive confirmation as to the existence
of lands to the westward." *
AUTOMOBILE FRIGHTENS
THE FIGHTING BJTLLS
the Line at a Modern Im
provement. "
Animals in Ring at Bayonne J>ra-w
>PARIS, Sept. SO.— A dispatch from Bay
onne to the Figaro describes 'a bullfight
that occurred there yesterday. In which
an automobile replaced the horse of the
picadcre. The novelty drew an enormous
crowd, but . seven bulls in succession
turned tail and fled at .the sight of the
automobile.
M. Henri Deutsch of the Paris Aero
Club, who established the prize for a
Bteerable balloon which M. Santos-bu
mont, the Brazilian aeronaut, made such
a valiant effort to win, furnished the au
tomobile and presided over the flght.
6ULTAH OP MOROCCO
PROMISES TO SETTLE
Receives Spain's Diplomatic Repre
sentative and Says All Claims
Will Be Satisfied;
TANOIERS, . Sept. 29.-Saavadra. the
dragoman of the Spanish legation, has
arrived at Marakesh and has been re
ceived in audience by the Sultan of;
Morocco, who promised that all the
Spanish claims should be satisfied.
The Sherlman Government declares that
th 1 Spanish boy and girl who ' were
recently abducted by the Moors are still
alive. !~"i "; •":"
IrifcJdent Koosovclt at Church.
WASHINGTON. Sepr. 23.— President
Roosevelt attended divine services to-day
at the Grace Reformed Church, accom
panied by his daughter, Ethel, and hi*
son, Kermit. The little building was even
more crowded than a week ago. Chairs
were' placed in tha atalea and about th«
end of tha room, and several availed.
them*elveg et seats in tha window illii.
The President and his children waiketi
from tho White House to the church and
arrived after the building had nu»«*.
ROOSEVELT
A BREVET RANK
OF BRIGADIER
CA.NTON. Ohio, Sept. 29.— Lieutenant
Ashbrldge was on duty less than a
Hundred feet away in front of the
McKlnley vault and Is said to have
reached the ton within a few sec
onds after he heard the shot, but when he
arrived tl^e guard was at the foot "of the
slope in which the vault is puilt, where
he rolled after the assault, and the sup
posed prowlers were making their j escape
with a'good lead. Others of the company
were attracted by the report of the rifle,
but reached -the scene too late to be of
any assistance except to participate in the
pursuit and the search made of the cem
etery and in increasing the guard for the
night.
" Stories regarding the incident when
they reached the city were connected with
the jail delivery that occurred about the
same time. • •
While there seems to be no doubt that
at least two prowlers attempted to reach
the j vault, there is much difference of
opinion as to the object of the intruders,
who evidently made good their escape,
as the cemetery has been searched over
in vain.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 2Q.— To-night Guard Deprend, stationed in the
rear of the vault in which the body of the late President McKinley
lies,was attacked by a man and cut slightly. The guard had challenged
a man seen prowling about the cemetery near the vault. A second
man made the assault on the guard. Military, men, obeying the
rules, will not be quoted on the matter, but the story in brief is stated
authoritatively as follows: ¦ :
Guard Deprend saw a man behind a tree about 7:45 o'clock to-night.
He requested the man to halt, but the fellow dodged from his first position
to a second tree about ten feet nearer the guard. Sentinel Deprend then
raised his gun and fired.
Just as he did this a second man, ¦ masked, who had stealthily ap
proached, knocked the jrun from its aim. At the same time the soldier was
struck a heavy blow on the back, and was assaulted with some sharp instru
ment. He was knocked into a small ravine at the vault.
Guard Deprend says the man behind the tree carried a package of white
and some instrument in his hand which showed a glint. , .
The men escaped despite the prompt rush of the officer of the day, and
other soldiers to his assistance. •.- N
Military men say they believe it was an attempt to blow up the vault.
To-night there are reports that men were overheard to say recently about
the vault, that there are many men who would like to see the place blown to
pieces. . ' • •
An extra guard has been posted near the vault, and all of the seventy-two
men of the local militia company are ordered to be ready \o respond at any
moment.
There are seventy soldiers at the cemetery, twenty of whom are con
stantly on guard duty about the vault and camp.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Guard Is Assailed by Two Men, Knocked Down
and Woundld by a Masked Ruffian, Who Car- •
ried What Seemed to Be a Bomb.
BELIEF THAT ANARCHISTS
SEEK TO BLOW, UP VAULT
SO SACRED TO NATION
FERCE ATTACK IS MADE UPON THE SOLDIER GUARDING THE TOMB
OF THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT McKINLEY AT THE CANTON CEMETERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Americans Gain a Victory, but Lose
Ono Killed and Two Wounded.
. MANILA,, Sept. 29.— Captain j Lawrence
J.' Hearn , of the Twenty-first Infantry
report* • a • severe ; engagement i with insur
gents - near' Candelarla, ¦'.. the - Americans
Britain to Protect Koweyt,
.BOMBAY,* Sept. ,80,-The .Bombay Ga
stfitte pays . It believes that a Jlrltlsh pro
tectorate ,wlll soon be proclaimed . over
Koweyt, the ; proposed terminus of . the
Bagdad Railroad, on th» Persian Gulf,, as
4 result yf ! the Angly. Turkish dispute,' - '<
HOT FIGHT NEAR CANDE1AEIA,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29,-Oeneral Cha'f.
tea will convene a court of inquiry | to
make a thorough Inve/dgatlon into the
disaster suffered In Bamar, As the catas
trophe wm the result of a' surprise; Cap
tain Connell will be required to explain
Conduct in the Flffht.
Captain Connell Must Explain His
AN INVESTIGATION ORDERED.
"Samar Is in tho Department of Vliaya,
over which Brigadier General Hughes has
command, .'This department includes all
tho central Island! of the Philippine arehl-
CHICAGO, Sept. 29.— General Elwell B.
Otis,' In command of the Department of
the Lakes, Hairt to-night that, the slaugh
ter of: members of Company G of /the
Ninth I Infantry in Bamar . did not mean
that there Is anything like widespread re
volt in | that province, Concerning the dis
aster General Otis said i > ¦ > ,,
General Otis Explains the Nature of
the Native * Ambuscade.
LEADER LUCBAN IS BLAMED.
./'"WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— Referring to
news in regard to the Colombian revolution
in which it is' said that the Liberal party
'has organized in San Jose, Costa Rica,
for the purpose of carrying on the revolu
tion now in : progress In ' Colombia, the
Costa RIean Minister states that the Gov
ernment has observed and .will, strictly
observe the' laws of neutrality.
Will , Bo t No Interference in
Colombia Affairs.
Minister of That Country Says There
COSTA RIGA OBSERVES
. . ' LAWS OP NEUTRALITY
"The location of the ambuscade is In
Southern Samar, of which the insurgents
are ignorant and \ barbarous. Probably
Lucban got a, party of Bolomen together
and surprised the American soldiers while
at breakfast. I think Lucban knows
something about the attack, at any rate.
There has been trouble in that section
for two?yearB and the character of the
country and f the .barbarity of the natives
combine to make its suppression difficult/ 1
pelago. During the last month our sol
diers have' been active in ari ; attempt . to
subdue the rebellion, which is confined to
the boundaries of that island. The insur
gent leader, Lucban. heads the natives
and he and his Tfi gain followers have
been instrumental in keeping alive; the
spirit of opposition to this Government's
authority. * . '
.Cardona has been considered one of the
most reliable natives holding pro-Ameri
can views. An examination of his record,
however, shows that for several years he
was a bandit, and that he served two
terms of imprisonment.
JTJAN CARDONA ARRESTED.
Noted Bandit Who Prominently
Posed as Pro-American.
MANILA, Sept. 29.— Juan Cardona, who
until recently was president of Genona,
province of Tarlac, and who was appoint
ed secretary of the Tarlac provincial gov
ernment, has been arrested on the charge
of accusing people of crimes for the pur
pose of extorting money from them. More
than fifty persons assert that they have
been robbed by him in this way, some de
claring they have even surrendered title
deeds of properly.
BID VALIANT DUTY IN CHINA.
Good Record of Unfortunate Members
of Company C.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 29.— Company C
ras a portion of the Ninth Regiment of
United States Infantry which went to
China at the time of the Boxer outbreak
ind which there performed valiant serv
ice. Later the troops went to Manila and
were engaged In provost duty in that city.
During the past summer a battalion of
the Ninth was sent to Samar. All the
sfflcers connected with Company C, which
•ras almost wiped out by the Insurgents,
ire named In General Chaffee's dispatch,
there being no second lieutenant now with
ibe company. Captain Thomas W. Con
tell, who commanded the company, was
tppointed to the Military Academy from
New York in September, 18S9, and First
Ueutenant Bumpus was appointed to the
irmy from Massachusetts; having served
is a private In Company A, First Massa
thusetts Heavy Artillery. Surgeon Grls
»-old is a recent addition to the army,
saving crossed the Pacific Ocean with Ad
lutant General Corbin on his recent trip
to the Philippines.
During his trip General Corbin visited
(ho island of Samar. It was Just seven
reeks ago to-night, he remarked when
(lscussing the news of the disaster to
Company C, that he was talking with
general Hughes at Hollo about the condi
ion of affairs In the islands.
The point where Company C was sur
trised, he said, was a considerable dls
ance from General Hughes' headquarters.
Be was not surprised at the attack on
he troops In Samar, at that was one of
he Islands considered particularly trou
llesome. The natives along the coast are
Hendly, but many of those in the Interior
' he regarded as dangerous guerillas.
AN ISOLATED INCIDENT.
feneral MacArthur Says Samar's Re
volt Will Soon Bo Put Down,
MILWAUKEE, Win,, flept. 29,-When
ile attention w»i culled to the dfapatch
innouneing the dlRiuter that had over*
bken Company C of the Ninth Infantry,
ftneral Arthur MneArthur Mid:
"Thli I* one of thoie deplorable, lio«
saddest page in South 'African -history.''
He quotes a letter. from a member; of the
yofks'raad to a member "of the'CapV.Col
ony Assembly declaring, that. 5 "the; time
is to drive i the " English' from South
Africa." ' •¦•':¦¦; ; "!V
', In ; conclusion Lord- Kitchener -.declares
that), having annexed the. two republics/to
Greats Britain,, he cannot .break .faith) with
the people who have shown loyalty to' the
new regime, 'and so far as clemency ,to
Cape rebels _ is concerned," this is'the'pre
rogative, of "the rules which'must be ex
ercised with, unfettered discretion. ''• '.
A proclamation has been Issued . provid
ing for the sale of, the properties of. the
burghers still In the field, In accordance
with the terms of Lord Kitchener's pre
vious proclamation. . , • ,
¦mb^RETORIA, Sept. 29.— A pamphlet .
i^^B has been . published here under
1™^ Lord -Kitchener's authority^con-
JL taming notice of the permanent.
' banishment of, several Boer lead
ers captured since September 15,
and also a long letter, from '^Kitchener re
plying to a communication from ..acting
President Schalk-Burger, received .'.'• Sep
tember 15. Lord Kitchener promises to
send the Schalk-Burger letter to the Im
perial Government, which, he:says,.reclp-.
rocates the Boer statesman's desire for
peace.
Lord Kitchener then proceed^ to explain
that the responsibility for the war rests
with the burghers, "whose Invasion of
unprotected British territory opened the
the cause of his failure to promptly mo
bilize his men for defense. Officers In
Washington are not disposed to criticise*
Captain , Connell. until they know all the
facts. Surrounded as his command was
by an enemy's force, It was his duty to
have been constantly on the "alert. He'
will have' to explain Just where he posted
sentinels and fully describe the action he
took' when they Wore driven into the
camp. Should Captain Connell be I found
guilty of negligence he will be sentenced
to . dismissal. •¦' .'
Commander of the British Forces in South Africa Announces That
the Imperial Government Reciprocates Schalk-BurgerV
Desire for an Early^ Peace* ||
losing one killed and two wounded. The
Insurgent loss, has not been ascertained.
The Americans captured 30,000 pounds of
rice and several rounds of ammunition.
• LONDON. - Sept. 30.— The Daily Express
publishes; a report" that Lord Kitchener
has, asked for 25,000 more seasoned mount
ed Vmen , and . for . power to • hang rebels,
traitors '¦ arid mureders ¦ .without reference
to- the.home Government.
immediately on his return from the Con
tinent,' says the Daily j News,' the King
summoned ; a meeting, of the- Council to
consider* Lord:- Kitchener's position. It is
understood, that : , his Majesty assumed a
very, strong ".attitude . and ; closely ques
tioned the Ministers upon their proposals.
• The Dally Express says it understands
that when the war In South Africa is over
King Edward and Queen Alexandra in
tend to' visit the Colonies and India and
that while in India his Majesty will be
crowned Emperor of India.
Samar is a country about as large as the
State of Ohio and the American forces of
occupation numbered In all between 2000
and 2500 men. These are distributed among
various posts in the island, a large num
ber being located at the. more Important
centers. Spain never made any efforts to
occupy Samar, and it only has been for
probably three months past that the Unit
ed States has undertaken that work. The
latest report made by General Hughes to
the "War Department wa« that the num
ber of insurgent rifles In the island ag
gregated about 300. The Filipinos carried
on a guerrilla warfare and operations
against them were difficult. The disaster
to Company C of the Ninth Infantry oc
curred, it is believed, while it was engaged
In an expedition to clear the country of
roving bands of these insurgents. The
fact that the Americans were attacked
while at breakfast Indicates the daring
and pluck of the insurgents. Immediately
on receipt of the dispatch Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin cabled General Chaffee to send
t. complete report of the fight" and a list
of the casualties.
The news created a sensation in official
circles. It was the first severe . reverse
that has occurred for a long time*. ~15tll»
the officials were not unprepared for news
of just this character from Samar, In
which the revolution started by Agulnaldo
still continues.
News Creates Sensation.
Mindanao and in Samar, where our peo
ple have not come In very close contact
with the natives, there Is still eome little
trouble. I saw General Hughes, .who
commands In Samar, and he assured me
that, though the situation was much im
proved and that it is only a question of
time before that country will also be
quieted, one must take into consideration
that it is a difficult undertaking to reach
the interior of all these Islands and con T
vince the natives of our sincere 1 intentions.
Samar itself Is as large as the State of
Ohio, and it is really the last of the Isl
ands in which we have undertaken the
work of reform and education." •
"The" conditions In, Luzon now are as
peaceable as the State of Maryland. I
went everywhere without any molesta
tion. There was never the slightest dan
ger. Of course in some of the islands the
conditions are not so peaceable. Down in
When General Corbin returned from his
tour of the islands last week he bad this
to cay about the conditions there:
' Adjutant General Corbin said , to-night
"that Eamar was one of the,', most fertile
of the Philippine Islands and had an area
equal, to the State of Ohio. It was never
subdued by the Spaniards, and Is in a
very wild and uncultivated state. Natives
near the sea are all friendly, and General
Hughes said when General Corbin visited
the island that there were only about 350
insurgents in Samar. Those, he said,
were scattered, and if he could only, get
them together In a bbdy he felt certain
he could pacify the Island In an hour. It
is General Corbln's belief that all those
insurgents collected and attacked the iso
lated company of Captain Connell and
then took to the mountains. He thinks
the officers escaped, because they were
breakfasting apart from the men. Pur
suit will be a very difficult thing, because
there are very few passes- through the
dense woods and only recently $20,000 was
sent to General Hughea to' bo expended
in road building. General Corbin has tel
egraphed General Chaffee for a complete
list of the dead and wounded. The hght;
ing must have been very severe and the
number of insurgents overwhelming,
when forty-eight men out of seventy-two
were killed and eleven wounded, leaving
only thirteen "of the entire command to
escape unscathed. ¦•¦ " •
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.-News of re
newed activity on the part of the Philip
pine insurgents has been expected at the
War Department since the assassination
of President McKlnley. Officials familiar
with the situation In the Philippines have
been looking for a revival of the rebellion.
Details of the shooting of President Mc-
Kinley have not been received In the Phil
ippines. All that is known is that he was
killed by an anarchist, and this intelli
gence has by this time spread throughout
the archipelago. The natural Inference
that the Ignorant natives who were in the
rebellion would draw is that the Presi
dent, being dead, the United States would
bo bordering on a state of anarchy and
revolution. This would embolden those
who are still in the field to greater ac
tivity. Further bad news would not sur
prise any one in the War Department.
dent McKinley's Death..
ABOTJSED BY ASSASSINATION".
Activity of Insurgents. Due to Fresi-
tated incidents which will have no effect
upon the general result. It Is a portion
of the insurrection which has been con
ducted by General Liikban. who has
never been suppressed. There are plenty
of soldiers there to ultimately subdue the
rebellion In the Island of Samaf."
"Twenty-four zaen. Ninth Regiment,
United States Infantr>'t wounded, have
Just arrived from Balanglga; remainder
company killed. Insurgents secured all
company supplies and all rifles except
twelve. Company was attacked during
breakfast on the morning of September
2?; company seventy-two strong; officers,
Thomas W. Connelly, captain; Edward A.
Bumpus, first lieutenant: Dr. R. S. Gris
wold, major surgeon, escaped.
"CHAFFEE."
"MANILA, Sept. 29.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Hughes reports * following
from Bassey, Southern Samar:
of Samar yesterday was sent
promptly by General Hughes, command
ing in that island, to General Chaffee at
Manila, and by him transmitted to the
War Department. It reached the depart
ment during the early hours to-day anl
Adjutant General Corbin, realizing its im
portance, at once made it public after
sending a copy to the White House. Gen
eral Chaflee's dispatch, which agrees with
the Associated Press, is as follows:
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— News
of the disastrous fight between
troops of the Ninth Infantry
and the insurgents in the island
An American Force on Island of Samar Is Sur
prised by Insurgents and Only Twenty-Four
Survive the Disastrous Onslaught.
COMPANY OF REGULARS
CUT DOWN BY FILIPINOS
AND FORTY-EIGHT SLAIN
MANILA, Sept. 2O.. X — A disastrous fight between United • States
troops and insurgents occurred yesterday in the Island of Samar,
near Balangiffa. A large body of insurgents attacked Company C,
Ninth Infantry, only twenty-four members of the company escap
ing. All the others arc reported to have been killed. The com
pany was at breakfast when attached and made a determined re
sistance, but the overwhelming number of the insurgents compelled them to
retreat. Of the survivors, who have arrived at Basey, eleven are wounded.
According to the latest returns the strength of the company was seventy
two. The survivors include Captain Thomas W. Connell, First Lieutenant
Edward A. Bumpus and Dr. R. S. Griswold, surgeon.
Captain Edwin Bookmiller of the Ninth Infantry reports that General
Hughes is assembling a force to attack the insurgents, j The insurgents cap
tured all the stores and ammunition of the company and all the rifles except
twenty-s^x.
PRICED FIVE: CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 122.
SA^T FRANCISCO} MoiNDAY^^ SEPTEMBER : 30^901;-
KITCHENER ORDERS BANISHMENT
OF CAPTURED LEADERS OF BOERS
AND WILL SELL BURGHERS' HOMESSun rises' .6 :04
Sun sets . '. '...,........ .5:57
Moon ".rises . .... ...;.. ; .'.7:31 • p. m.
FROM SEATTLE.
October 3rd and- 4th
Will be the last days upon which Pan-Ameri
can Excursion tickets to Buffalo will be sold
$87 for. the round trip. Full particulars at 641
Market st.. office of ' the Santa Fe. .
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the,,
day. except when there are but three tides, ad*
sometimes occurs. The heights given are An
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts,- except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth giyen by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Water Front U"otes.
The new schooner David Evans arrived
from Coos Bay yesterday, with a Joad^ot
piles. She is .named after the ex-Mayor
of ' Eureka. When passing in the wind
fell light and for a few minutes it looked
as if the schooner would go on the Seal
Rocks.' The tug Sea Prince happened
along, however, and towed the vessel into
port and safety.
The big' collier Tellus was taken on
Booles Ways yesterday. This is probably
the largest vessel of her class ever taken
on Marine Ways on this coast. The
work was done without a hitch and to
day the steamship* will be taken off and
two of the cannery fleet • will take her
place.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— Mr. Squlers.
the United States Secretary of Legation
at Peking, has forwarded to the State
Department, v under date of August 1. a
report from Consul Martin at Chinklang
inj.which Mr. Martin sets. out three con
ditions which he believes to be absolutely
essential to success in commercial rela
tions with Chiria:
1. If foreigners ever build up a large trade
In China it must be with the help of the Chi
nese themselves, and this can be . done only
by treating them with respect. No American
can live In China long without seeing that
foreigners are Inclined to treat the Chinese
negligently, even when their interests would
seem to indicate an opposite course. The Chi
nese resent this.
2. The entire country should be open to for
eign trade and a Judicial system should be
formulated to meet the requirements of all
foreigners in the empire. Much of the trouble
In the past has arisen from differences of
opinion as to what punishment would best
subserve the ends of Justice.
3. The likin should be abolished in favor of
some other system of taxation that would se
cure the required revenue. The llkln as now
operated I regard as the most perfect method
of extracting all conceivable profit from trade.
Its tendency is to localize trade by hedging:
goods about with such expenses that they can
not be moved. When commodities can be trans
ported from one end ot China to the- other
without any taftc' save the freight the whole
nation will teem with activity.
Plan Suggested for Suc
cess in Commercial
r :-t --¦'• Relations.
CHINESE MUST
BE RESPECTED
yrr T. PETERSBURG. Sept. 29.— Fol-
lowing up the recent publication
— 5^i of the famine conditions in thir-
teen districts, the Minister of the
Interior, M. Sipiaguine, to-day Is
sued a long statement on failure and
the measures* of famine relief upon which
the Central Government has decided.
Acting upon telegraphic reports from the
various Governments, the Government has
begun the work vigorously. The sum of
96,000 roubles has been appropriated for
the Government of Saratoff, 407,000 roubles
for Tauris, 100,000 roubles for non-military
points in the Don Basin and 190.000 roubles
with a supply of autumn seed from the
Government at Yekaterlnoslaff. •> "
On August 15 the Central Government s
famine fund amounted to only 530,000 rou
bles. Emperor Nicholas ordered that this
bo increased to 14,000,000 roubles.
Wfcero Aid Is Needed.
According to the reports of the Govern
ment state assistance is required in nine
teen provinces, not counting the country
of the Don Cossacks, which is under the
War Department. The reports estimate
requirements for autumn and winter only,
not mentioning the spring, when the need
is greatest. Assistance has been voted as
follows: Saratoff, 1.000 ,000 poods of rye;
Samara, 1,141,000 poods, which is purchase-
Scurvy Adds to Misery.
Nodetaiied reports have been received
from Orel and Yeniseisk, although it Is
known- that both need assistance. Perm
has a shortage, but local efforts will suf
*Great r difficulty will be experienced -in.
transporting grain before the close or nav
igation.- The Government is now attend
ing to the most pressing demands. A
special commission has been engaged since
the beginning of August in buying 6,a«0.
000 poods of rye for the provinces suffer
ing most.- In the thirteen districts first
mentioned medjeal organization Is active
and special relief is being given.
Scurvy has broken out in the Govern
ment of Khvallnsk and two divisions of
the Ked Cross Society are there.
able locally; Simbirsk. 741.000 poods; Kas
san 1,141,000 poods; Viataka, 782.000 pooda;
Oufa. 800,000 poods: Orenburg. 230.000 roti-~
bles; VoroneJ, 1.450.000 poods; Tamboff.
1.720,000 pdods: Kharkoff, 1,000.000 Poods;
Yekaterlnoslaff, 300.000 poods; Tauris, S0O,
000 roubles, the two districts having had
three successive crop failures; Tobolsk.
46.000 poods, none of which is obtainable
locally; Tomsk, 1,500\000" pocrds; of which
S0O.00O poods must be shipped irom Europe
before the close of navigation. •and 300.000
roubles for transport: Akmollinsk, 600,000
poeds and 100,000 roubles for transport,
and Semipalatinsk. 77,000 roubles.
Russians on the Verge of Starvation Are Afflicted
With Scurvy and the Czar Increases the
Needed Measures of Relief-. .
NO MARKETS
BUT AMERICAN
London Stock Exchange
Almost Uncle Sam's
Institution.
The favorable American railroad re
ceipts helped to gradual recoveries not
only In the American section, but all
around, and while the closing prices were
generally below those that marked the
opening of the week, a better feeling 1 pre
vailed. "With business quiet, all sorts of
rumors are rife regarding the intentions \
of the* Amalgamated Company, the one I
most in favor of the reduction of the dlvl- '
dends. which was due to a .plan of the
managers to compel, the other companies,
notably Rio Tlntos and Calumet, to Join
hands with the Amalgamated Company
in curtailing the copper supply of the
world.
One of the ablest experts draw* atten
tion to the "utter lack of sense of pro
portion which Europe, especially Paris,
has exhibited by nearly going panic
stricken over such an apparently inci
dental affair as the copper matter." He '
points out that this serious state which
existed during the- week was due to a be- I
lief very generally held in Germany and
France that the inability of the Anaconda
people to meet expectations was only the
premonitory symptom of the collapse of
all amalgamations of capital Interests in
the United States, the methods of which
have always passed the understanding of
Old World financiers. It was several days
before Europe recognized the fallacy of
such deductions.
All the authorities agree that the key
note of the financial situation last week
was the copper position. Even West Afri
cans, Rands and "West Australians fluctu
ated in sentimental harmony with the
American market as it rose or fell In con
sequence of the varying light thrown upon
the Anaconda failure to pay the expected
dividend.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— "The London Stock
Exchange," says tha financial critic of
the Sunday Special, "has become so
Americanized that I can scarcely refer to
any but the American market. The oth
ers hardly exist."
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. 29.— Mrs. McKln
ley had two drives again to-day. It was
said at the McKinley home- that there had.
been no material changre In her condition
and that she continues to bear up remark
ably well.
Mrs. McKinley Goes Driving:.
FACE FEARFUL FAMINE
IN THIRTEEN DISTRICTS
BOYS OF NAVAL RESERVE HOME
FROM WEEK'S PRACTICE CRUISE
Acquire Valuable Experience in die Santa Barbara Channel— Drill
With Big Guns Is Pronounced a Success*
TILE §A X FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, \ SEPTEMBER 39, 1 DO l.~
2
One of the Coast Fliers. **
One of the fastest coasters hailing 'from
San Francisco is the four-masted schoon
er Lottie Bennett She is now in her first
year of service and has proved herself a
splendid all-round vessel. Captain Ras
mussen, her commander;; Is one of the
best-known masters on the coast and his
son4n-law, Captain Johnson, of the Rod
erick Dhu, is equally well known. The
accompanying cut is from an oil painting
made by Coulter for Captain Johnson.
The picture is intended for a birthday
present for. Captain. Rasmussen when tho
vessel sets back to San* Francisco.' "\,
TO' ARRIVE,: i
. ST. LOUIS, Sept. 29.— Prof essor F. "W.
Putnam, who holds the chair of Ameri
can archaelogy and ethnology of the
American Museum of Natural History at
New York, chairman of the committee of
anthropology of the University of Cali
lornia, formerly chief of the department
of ethnology at the World's Columbian
Exposition, who is here conferring with
officials of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position Company, has outlined what
probably' will be the adopted plan -of
bringing the savage tribes of the earth to
the World's Fair of 1903.
His suggestion is that the' exposition
authorities appoint a committee of
the most eminent anthropologists of
America to formulate plans for col
lecting the types of human races which
it is desired to exhibit at the exposition.
Professor Putnam stamps the great
scheme of organizing a congress of the
world's native groups as wholly feasible
within the length of time, that remains
between the present and the opening date
of the fair.
Chairman John Choroers of the com
mittee on educational congresses is con
ducting negotiations with*. Maurice Grau,
Walter Damrosch and Henry W. Savage
looking to the probable selection of one
of them for the important post of director
of the musical department of the ex
position. . .
World's Races Will Be
Represented at Next
.- ¦ :\ Great Fair.
SAVAGE TRIBES
FOR DISPLAY
Former Secretary . of
Cleveland Company
Ends Life.
After the failure of his company he was
arrested on the charge of embezzlement.
For twenty years Blodt had been identi
fied with prominent business interests in
Cleveland and. until recently he was held
in confidence by the most conservative
men. He became despondent and pro
fessed to believe that he was the victim
of malicious persecution and that he. had
been ruined through his enemies. Blodt
leaves a wife and three children. ¦
CLEVELAND. Bept. 29.— Jacob A- Blodt,
secretary of the Guarantee Savings and
Loan Company until its failure a few
weeks ago, committed suicide at a cheap
boarding house here to-day by asphyxia
tion.
The people of Siberia when reduced to
hard straits make a tea of cabbage leaves.
Shipping Intelligence.
arrived. , ,; -;"
Sunday, September 21' *
U S S Philadelphia, Meade, from cruise. , .
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 27 hours fnT Eureka:
Stmr Tyonic, Bennett, 22 days from Cooks
Inlet.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 21 hours from
Bear Harbor. ¦; ; i
• Stmr Walla .Walla, Hall. .62 hours fm Vic
toria and Pucet Sound ports.
Stmr Samoa. Hanscn, 14 hours from Needle
Rock. Up river direct. . .
*Stmr Rival, Johnson, 73 hours from South
Stnir Acme. Lundquist, 24 hours from Albion;
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 11 hours from Point
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw. Zolling, S9 hours from Ta
coma. Oakland direct. . .
Br Btmr Wellington, Salmond, 3% days from
Oyster Harbor. ¦. . . • ' .->
Stmr Coos Bay, .Nicholson.
Br stmr Bristol, Smith, 4 days from Oyster
Schr Gotama, Semsen. 7 days from Coos Bay.
Bark Theobald, Cameron, 14 days fm Seattle,
Schr Serena Thayer, Waldwlck, 36 hours fm
Schr Marj' C, Campbell, 8 hours fm Bodega.'
Schr Monterey, Panzer, 56 hours from Coos
B * y " " " SAILED. ' '¦
Sunday, September 29.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. \
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diejco.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgctt. Ventura. :
Schr John A, Nilsson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary and Ida, Sodcrholm, Unga.
Schr Chas Levi Woodburg, Felkman, Eureka.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel, Bowens Land
lnff ' TELEGRAPHIC. A \'-\
POINT LOBOS— Sept. 29, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy wind SW; velocity 16 miles per hour. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
' COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Arcata;
hence Se?t 26. .-•¦.¦' •'¦¦:
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 29— Schr Fortuna, ,for
\sTOKI A— Sailed Sept ' 2$— Br . bark Sussex,
Arrived Sept 29— U S S v Rosecrana, fm Nome.-
SA'n DIEGO— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Santa;
Barbara, from Eureka. • ¦ ¦ i
•Sailed Se;.>t 29— Stmr- Enterprise, for San
PORT^ TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 29— Schr,
Fanny Dutard, from Ventura;* schr Bangor, fm
KULO— Sailed Sept \i— Bark Santiago, for
San Franci3co. '' .-¦ . ¦
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept -28-i-Bc stmr Claver
lng, for Vladivostok.' ¦' •••.•f'.y.-. ':"• -
FOREIGN .PORTS.- : ?A
HONGKONG— Arrived "Drior'.tO^Sept £8— Stmr
Olympla, from Tacoma. ; Vv'fr.ii f£*fc€«
MORORAN— Sailed Sept 28^Nqt- Btmr Thyra,
for Astoria. " . "¦¦¦•" V-'-; : ¦; - ¦ ;
... OCEAN STEAMERS.; • ',';',• ; .
SCILLY— Passed ¦ Sept 29^Stmr.' Mlnnehaha,
from New York f or .' London, :/,>." .V , (
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 29-j-Stmr Bar
barOF&a, from Bremen for .New; York..":;
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept. 29— Stmr Um
bria, from Liverpool for -New York. • |: •
LONDON— Sailed . Seot t 29— Stmr Marquette,
for New York. ,'¦¦¦'¦' '"' V.'-:V' ;
Steamer Movements.
DISCUSSION OF YACHT
BACE' LEADS TO FIGET
'Crockett.
tingent, of Townsmen in
English Seamen Clash With a Con-
CROCKETT, Sept. 29.— While the sailor3
of the English ships now in port were
gathered last night In Murphy's saloon
discussing the yacht race they got into an
argument with several Crockett young
men. Of course the Englishmen shouted
for Lipton's boat and the -result of the
debate was that from words the two par
ties came to blows and the town boys got
much the worst of the encounter.
Elated by their victory, the Britishers
imbibed more 'alf and 'alf to celebrate the
event. In the meantime the town boys
obtained about fifty recruits and bore
down in force upon the exuberant foreign
ers.
A battle royal now took place, in which
the Englishmen were all placed hors de
combat. To-day they were all nursing
broken, heads and noses.
Sailor Jumps From Occidental and
Four Chinese Die.
The ship Occidental arrived from the
canneries yesterday after an eventful voy-.
age. ¦ After leaving here for Bristol Bay,
Frank Murphy, one of the crew, showed
signs of insanity. The captain relieved
him from duty and a watch was placed
over him. He made his escape one night,
however, and jumped from the forecastle
head into the sea. The ship was hove to
and a boat lowered, but no trace of the
unfortunate fellow could be found. He
was a native of Ireland and only 27 years
old.
During the voyage four Chinese died and
their bodies were brought to San Fran
cisco for shipment to China.
United States cruiser Phila
1^ delphia returned from a practice
11' cruise yesterday morning. She
\X had- aboard about ejghty mem-
I \' bers of the California Naval Mili
tia, and these,'. ..without exception, ex
pressed themselves as delighted with their
week: of training. The officers of the war-
Ship took -particular pains with the ama
teurs and in consequence the cruise was
a success from "every point of view. . Tar
get practice in the Santa Barbara Chan
nel was carried out according to schedule,
but some of the boys were so seasick that
they Ccould not attend the guns.
When leavirig. the cruiser yesterday the
militiamen cheered the vessel again and
again and air of them expressed the wish
that on next year's cruise Lieutenant
Commander Hughes might be along. From
the Philadelphia the men went direct to
the". Marion and were there dismissed by
Captain- Nerny. Some few of them looked
a little 'the worse for we t ar,~But the ma
jority .iloo'ked'. every Inch the A Bs that
Uncle* Sam i depends upon in an emer
gency.*- ' ~i ; ¦-:-* ¦•
From here the Philadelphia will go ; t»
Santa'- Cruz Santa Barbara to take
out 'the ;members of the companies sta
tioned there and when that cruise Is over,
she will go to San Diego to give the South*
ern California boys some sea service.
DEATH SATLS ON SHIP, ?
PBAISE FOR YACHTSMEN.
British. Critics Describe the First Con-
test as Magnificent.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— To-day's papers are
unanimous In their praise of the splendid
handling of the Columbia and the Sham
rock II Saturday, in what all describe
as a magnificent race. The outcome has
greatly raised the hopes of British
yachtsmen generally. The yachts are
seen to be so evenly matched that the re
sult cannot be predicted, but it is con
sidered that the triangular course will
prove more favorable for the challenger,
and that therefore Sir Thomas still has
a chance to lift the cup.
"The race throughout could not have
been contested more keenly," says the
Daily Mail, "or in a more sportsmanlike
manner."
The Dally Graphic points » to the fact
that at no period in .the race was the
challenger leading by the amount of her
handicap, and it expresses the opinion
that unless the Shamrock II shows a
sudden Improvement in speed she will
hardly win the cup. This latter opinion
's the least hopeful among those voiced
by the morning press.
The Standard, which declines to attach
importance to f he talk of .unsportsman
like conduct on the part of Captain Barr,
which it suggests could doubtless be
traced to idle gossip, .adds: . . , ,
"We are quite sure the yachtsmen of
New York would much rather lose than
owe a seeming victory to such practices."
"It would be a thousand pities," says
the Daily Chronicle, "if . the struggle
should arouse any acrimonious; disputes
of this nature. If everything done by
Captain Barr is In exact accordance .with
American rules, we presume these rules
cannot be questioned; but we hope no
body will deem.it necessary to raise any
question." '¦ ¦-
The Times says: "The quality of the
Shamrock II, or possibly her slight supe
riority in windward work, will- not be a
compensation for the-. Columbia's dread
ed superiority In a dead run before the
wind in light airs". Therefore, If 'the
weather does- not change there is 'little
likelihood that'f the "challenger will win
the cup, apart V from ii the fresh chance
which the triangular course will give
her. The best \ hdpes llle in a decided
freshening ofithe breeze."- '.:• v.<
GLASGOW. Sept. 29.— Clyde yachtsmen
frankly admit-, that - the . Columbia is a
marvelously good -yacht.- They consider
the fact that a. two-year-old yacht should
have hung so close to the counter of the
Shamrock II when running • free makes
the contest more difficult even for the
British. Yachtsmen and designers alike
declare that if Shamrock- II is to win the
cup she ought to have beaten the Colum
bia by nearer than three minutes on the
turn to windward. Surprise is expressed
that the challenger, should not have saved
the time allowance in the run before the
-wind.
NEW YORK. Sept 29.-An anxious
but determined lot of yachts
men gathered at the New York
Yacht Club to-night for another
talk over yesterday'3 exciting
race, the chances of the Columbia in her
next contest with the Shamrock II on
Tuesday, but above all. that, dreaded
question of the prospects of the famous
cup at last returning whence It came,
after being In American hands a brief
month over half a century/ y
The anxious members seemed to be In
the majority, although the grim air of
determination not to give up the cup was
quite prevalent. Every member frankly
admitted that he had experienced some
thing like a scare and no one wanted to
see the Columbia win another race by so
close a martin. *'*'iL'\.''*
The bulletin board on which was tacked
the committee's brief summary of yester
day's race was the chief attraction at the
club, and before it all evening was a
croup of more or less expert amateur
skippers debating the question of what
the Columbia would be able to accomplish
in the triangular race on Tuesday. Every
one hopes for the best and many recalled
that during the preliminary racing with
the Constitution and Independence the
Morgan boat had shown much speed
when sailing with started sheets.
Fast Bace Is Expected.
In the race on Tuesday, if the wind
holds true, two of tne legs of the tri
angle will be sailed under these con
ditions: One of the legs, probably the
lirst, will be of ten miles to windward,
the next will be a broad reach under the
large Jib topsails or balloon Jibs, while
the third leg will be a close fetch to the
finish line. On these two reaches .all the
racers have shown great speed and the
Columbia frequently made the ten miles
of the triangular race in something under
three-quarters of an hour. . It is said that
the Shamrock II has shown a good four
teen knot gait in a reach, which is a
trifle better than the Columbia has done,
but such timing cannot be considered
absolutely reliable. At any rate, with a
good breeze, the race on Tuesday should
be a fast one.
Much will depend upon the positions of
tin boats at the start, but at the yacht
club to-night there seemed to be the
utmost confidence in Captain Barr of the
Columbia, despite the fact that he was
out-generaled yesterday by the skipper of
the Shamrock. With the Columbia hold
ing the weather position at the start it
seemed to be the general opinion that
she would keep it to the first turn. But
here came the question of the American
boat's ability to hold the Irishman in the
next two legs. With her long lines there
were manv who seemed to think' that the
challenger might out-foot the defender
and that Captain Barr's only resource
would be in a hot luffing match.
That there will be an attempt by one
or the other skipper to luff out to wind
ward in the two reaching legs on Tues
day's race seems almost certain, pro
vided, of course, tne yachts are anyway
close at the first mark or end of ' the
beat to windward.
Captain Barr has been singularly suc
cessful all the season In his luffing
matches, with the exception of that with
the Constitution in the run from New
Haven to New London during the cele
brated cruise last month. ! He certainly
won the last race with the Constitution
by sharp sailing, and there ' were several
other occasions where he obtained a
decided advantage by such tactics, which
it may be said are perfectly fair and
honorable. It is on this that the members
of the New York Yacht Club are relying
to win Tuesday's race, the ability :bf Cap
tain Barr to berth his boat tar- windward
at the start, his sklllfulness In . holding
her there to the windward mark,, the
speed of the Columbia on a. reach and
finally, if lacking slightly In these, speed
on the home run. Again Captain Barr's
cleverness in "a. stiff luffing match Is taken
into account.
Yachtsmen Are Anxious.
If Captain Barr can win Tuesday's race
the clubmen will heave a long sigh of re
lief, but until that triangular course con
test is decided in favor of th§ Columbia'
the cup will be considered, if not in actual
danger of returning, at least as rocking in
its glass case In its depository.
The owners, captains and crews of the
racers spent a quiet day at Sandy Hook
to-day. Captain Barr visited some friends
on shore, but Captain Sycamore remained
on board the Puerto Rico, the Shamrock's
tender, all day.
Soon after noon the revenue > cutter
Gresham anchored in the bay Just ahead
of the Erin. As soon as she arrived Sir
Thomas LSpton made up a party includ
ing George L. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Jame
son, the Duke of Alba, Dr. Mackay, Com
modore Hillyard and Robert Ure, and
boarded the cutter in his steam launch.
His purpose was not to find fault with
Captain Walker of the Gresham for run
ning down the Erin during Saturday's
race, but rather tot assure him that the
damage was trifling, and at the same time
repay a social call which the captain and
Mrs. Walker had paid him recently.
Sir Thorns and his party were shown all
over the Gresham. and Mrs. Jameson was
entertained by Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Hall and
Miss Hall. After leaving the Gresham
Sir Thomas* party at the invitation of
Butler Ames, owner of the schooner yacht
America, the famous cup winner of fifty
years ago, went on board that schooner
and took a sail down the bay. Later Sir
Thomas said:
Doesn't Blame Walker.
"Captain Walker of the Gresham and I
are old friends and the fact that his boat
ran Into mine accidentally will not mar
FAILURE MAKES
HIM A SUICIDE
i •
the friendship for a moment. The damage
is not so very serious. It will necessitate
docking the ship of course, but that can
be done after the races. As long as no
one was hurt on board the yacht I shall
not grumble at all, because It might have
been so much worse, you know.'
When asked If he wished to say any
thing concerning the alleged story that his
captains had sold him out last year, Sir
Thomas said:
"That Is an old story which I denied
some time ago. I really don't care to say
anything more about It Just now."
Of Saturday's race he declared he had
nothing: to say except to repeat that with
a good, strong breeze the Shamrock would
do better than she did on Saturday. .
From the outside the dent In the port
quarter of the Erin where the Gresham
struck her shows a deep depression In the
sheer strake plate. Just abaft the gang
way ladder. The after end of the plate
is pushed in and some of the rivets are
sheared. - The wooden wearing piece or
molding at the waterways is splintered,
but a little paint will cover up the dam
age temporarily. At the same time con
siderable damage has been done 'Inside,
the end of a beam having buckled, and
to repair this and the plate it will require
several weeks In dry dock, so said a naval
architect to-day, and the expenditure of
quite a sum of money.
Mrs. William F. Jameson, who was re
ported seriously hurt by being thrown
down when the vessels came together, was
looking as bright and cheerful as . ever
to-day. , .
I am not on crutches, you see," said
she, laughing:, "although I was hurt a
little."
Yachtsmen Somewhat Apprehensive as to the Re
sult of the Race To-Morrow and Specu-.
late on Chances of the Boats.
ANXIOUS EYES NOW SET
ON THE AMERICA'S CUP
HANDSOME NEW SCHOONER LOTTIE BENNETT. '"THE ABOVE PICTURE IS REPRODUCED '• FROM AN OIL,
PAINTING BT COULTER MADE FOR; CAPTAIN- JOHNSON OF THE BARK RODERICK DHU, .WHO WILL
PRESENT IT TO THE CAPTAIN OF THE BENNETT. "¦'."'. '. r ':^-V'iv . -¦'¦.' ¦¦ '. ¦
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United - : States Coast and- Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights /of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, 'entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ". Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low ¦. waters occur at
the city' front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty r live minutes later than. at Fort Point;
the height. of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30.
Steamer.
•
From;
Due.
Eureka Humboldt .... 7,. !,.....•
Washtenaw.... Tacqma .,.,,. ",T« r .
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor
Crescent City.. Crescent City.:..
Aberdeen Humboldt .,..:.,",.,.....
Corona Redondo & Way j Ports
Pomona Humboldt ,....".........
Empire Coos Bay ; J .. .......
Curacao........ Mexican Ports
Columbia...... Portland & Astoria....
Arcata. ........ ' Coos Bay- ,,..,,.,,,..,..
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & "Way FtB.
Memphis Seattle
Asuncion :, Seattle _,.....» v ...,,,>;c.-.
Point Arena... Point Arena ............
Sept.' &>
Sept. M
Sepl.*30
•Sept..3O:
lOct. ;.l
Oct. 1
Oct. \2<
Oct, '2;
Oct. .2.
Oct, --2
Oct. 2
Oct. ,3
Oct/ f 3
Oct.. {"3,
Oct. i
- ¦ • ¦ • * ¦ - ¦. : •::-***iy • ¦' *•-* -
, Steamer. Destination. (Sails:! Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
: I j
-''¦ ' September 3O. '-' •' ! - :
North Fork.. Humboldt ...12 m Pier -1
San Pedro.'.-.. Humboldt 10 am Pier -2
Geo. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Kainler....... Seat .. :e &. N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 1.
Eureka HuniUuuii i 9 ami Pier 13
October 2. | |
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
October 3.
Arcata. C009 Bay 12 m Pier 13
Corona Kedondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla Puget- Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier, 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier --7
•• -October -4. •: \- ... :..c,i
Empire... Coos Bay..... il2-mPierl3
Pomona...... Humboldt'; 1:30 p Pier "9
•. ,¦ < * .•.•• - OctoUcr 5. i . -:~ f ..-.
Peru^;.'. .,•..;¦ China- & Japan 1 pra PMSS,
Columbia Astoria •& Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 6. ' " " . ' . .' ¦
Santa Rosa.. .San DieKo & .Way .9 am Pier ,11
: .,¦ October 7. I ¦ J '¦-
Memphis Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 27
Curacao...... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Cottage City..": Skagruay & Way Ports. Oct. 2
Humboldt Skaguay & "Way Ports. Oct. '3
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Faz-allon-i.... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
City of Seattle. Skajruay &.Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha ••• Valdez and Kodiak... Oct. 10
Acapulc^o. Panama & Way. Ports|Oct.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct.
Mackinaw Tacoma „ .;.... Oct. 1
Matteawan.... Tacoma ....i '. Oct. '.
Mandalay Coquille Rivfcr Oct.
Eureka......... Humboldt Oct. •
Argyll....-...'. New York via Panama Oct.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct.-
G:\V. Elder...] Portland & Astoria..... Oct.
4
.4
4
. 4
i
i
7
7
Time| Time Time " Time
Date 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H Wl L. W HW L. TV
30 .. 0:581 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01 -0.4
1 ...I 1:59| 5.0 6:58 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:58—0.4
2... 3:01 4.8 7:45 2.6 S:O1 5.8 8:56—0.3
3... 4:09 4.7 8:49 -3.0 3:00 5.7 Io:06 — 0.2
4 ... 5:19 4.7 10:05 3.2 4:04 5.4 11:14 0.0
5... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 5.1
L W H W L W H W
6... 0:19 0.1 7:25 5.0 12:46 2.7 6:35 5,0
Time| Time Time " Time
Date 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H Wl L. W HW L. TV
30 .. 0:581 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01 -0.4
1 ...I 1:59| 5.0 6:58 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:58—0.4
2... 3:01 4.8 7:45 2.6 S:O1 5.8 8:56—0.3
3... 4:09 4.7 8:49 -3.0 3:00 5.7 Io:06 — 0.2
4 ... 5:19 4.7 10:05 3.2 4:04 5.4 11:14 0.0
5... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 5.1
L W H W L W H W
6... 0:19 0.1 7:25 5.0 12:46 2.7 6:35 5,0
, Steamer. Destination. (Sails:! Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
: I j
-''¦ ' September 3O. '-' •' ! - :
North Fork.. Humboldt ...12 m Pier -1
San Pedro.'.-.. Humboldt 10 am Pier -2
Geo. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Kainler....... Seat .. :e &. N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 1.
Eureka HuniUuuii i 9 ami Pier 13
October 2. | |
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
October 3.
Arcata. C009 Bay 12 m Pier 13
Corona Kedondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla Puget- Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier, 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier --7
•• -October -4. •: \- ... :..c,i
Empire... Coos Bay..... il2-mPierl3
Pomona...... Humboldt'; 1:30 p Pier "9
•. ,¦ < * .•.•• - OctoUcr 5. i . -:~ f ..-.
Peru^;.'. .,•..;¦ China- & Japan 1 pra PMSS,
Columbia Astoria •& Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 6. ' " " . ' . .' ¦
Santa Rosa.. .San DieKo & .Way .9 am Pier ,11
: .,¦ October 7. I ¦ J '¦-
Memphis Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 27
Curacao...... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Steamer.
•
From;
Due.
Eureka Humboldt .... 7,. !,.....•
Washtenaw.... Tacqma .,.,,. ",T« r .
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor
Crescent City.. Crescent City.:..
Aberdeen Humboldt .,..:.,",.,.....
Corona Redondo & Way j Ports
Pomona Humboldt ,....".........
Empire Coos Bay ; J .. .......
Curacao........ Mexican Ports
Columbia...... Portland & Astoria....
Arcata. ........ ' Coos Bay- ,,..,,.,,,..,..
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & "Way FtB.
Memphis Seattle
Asuncion :, Seattle _,.....» v ...,,,>;c.-.
Point Arena... Point Arena ............
Sept.' &>
Sept. M
Sepl.*30
•Sept..3O:
lOct. ;.l
Oct. 1
Oct. \2<
Oct, '2;
Oct. .2.
Oct, --2
Oct. 2
Oct. ,3
Oct/ f 3
Oct.. {"3,
Oct. i
- ¦ • ¦ • * ¦ - ¦. : •::-***iy • ¦' *•-* -
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Cottage City..": Skagruay & Way Ports. Oct. 2
Humboldt Skaguay & "Way Ports. Oct. '3
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Faz-allon-i.... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
City of Seattle. Skajruay &.Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha ••• Valdez and Kodiak... Oct. 10
Acapulc^o. Panama & Way. Ports|Oct.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct.
Mackinaw Tacoma „ .;.... Oct. 1
Matteawan.... Tacoma ....i '. Oct. '.
Mandalay Coquille Rivfcr Oct.
Eureka......... Humboldt Oct. •
Argyll....-...'. New York via Panama Oct.
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct.-
G:\V. Elder...] Portland & Astoria..... Oct.
4
.4
4
. 4
i
i
7
7
• . ¦¦ ' I- ¦• ¦' ___^^ 1_1_ L__U____ J— __j jm^—^— — — m-ii i - —i '
"~~ "¦"¦'•'• ¦ \ ' ;. -..¦, .'".V V.;.*-. ¦¦¦'"' .V ' '¦•¦.••, • "T
To realize In full the
delicacy of roastbeef
or any steaks, chops,
game or fish use
CALIFORNIA
CHUTNEY SAUCE
«a« » es« All GrocersMEN PROMINENT IN THE
CONVENTION OF GERMAN
CATHOLIC SOCIETIES.
part in the deliberations: • j
St. Joseph's Benevolent Society, Lob Ange
les— Stephan Buhr. St. Boniface Benevolent So- ,
ciety. San Jose — David Kaempfen, Louis
Kaempfen. St. Anthony's Benevolent Society,
Sacramento— P. J. Braun. St. Francis Benev
olent Society, Fruitvale— F. W. Strombergr, John
May: alternate. Frank Franz. St. Peter's Be
nevolent Society, San Francisco — P. J. Schiefer,
August Vetter, Herman Burhans. Joseph Kel
ler, B. Linneweber. Nicolaus Straub: alter
nates — Bemhardt Meyer, John Unslnn. St.
Paul's Benevolent Society. San Francisco — Dan
Busch, John Bohner. P. C. Kretz. F. L.. Guntz,
Julius Wrede; alternate, John Gerner. St. Jo
seph's Benevolent Society, San Francisco—
Excursion to Buffalo.
The Santa Fe will cell ticket* to Buffalo and
return October 2 and 4 for SS7. Free; reclining
chair can. Pullman'* latest vestlbuled palace
and tourist sleeping cars. Full* particulars at
MI U&rket street
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, . friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 Inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For t;me tables,, descriptive literature ana
full' information call at Santa Fe offices,
£11 Market st, and ferry depot.
Special Rates
VENTURA, Sept. 29.— Dr. C. L. Bard,
a physician and surgeon of prominence in
this State, is dangerously ill. Dr. Lasher
of Los Angeles held a consultation this
afternoon with local physicians. Dr. Bick
nell of Los Angeles was sent for and will
arrive to-night. Dr.- Bard is an only
brother of Senator Bard. He formerly
was president of the State Medical So
ciety.
Dr. Bard Dangerously 111. ,
Coal Oil Causes' a Tragedy.
: PITTSBURO, Sept.29.-As a result of
using oil to hurry along the kitchen fire
to-day- Mrs. Barbara Sturgent Is dead, her
husband and their son are dying and two
other children are very badly burned. Mrs.
Sturgent was burned to a crisp, while her
husband t and son were literally,, cooked.
The . Sturgents lived. in a^ tenement rhouse.
The ' building caught fire arid other fam
ilies had to be rescued by the firemen.*
SAN JOSE; Sept. _ 29.— The McKinley
monument in San Jose" will be the finest In
the State, for the residents of this valley
intend to have a more imposing edifice
than will be built in San Francisco.
Throughout the county collections are In
progress and the funds gathered thus far
reach nearly . $10,000. The committee hav
ing the project in charge believe that $30,
000 can be raised. . - '
Memory of the Late President,
McKinley.
GARDEN CITY AIMS TO
OUTDO SAN FRANCISCO
Will Erect an Imposing Monument in
: EUREKA, Sept. 29.— The jury- In the
case of Albert. Blanchain, who is charged
with the killing of Lagoon Charlie, a chief
of the Trinidad Indians, on January 19,
was discharged to-day by Judge Wilson.
The Jury retired at 3:45 o clock yesterday
afternoon and remained .out all night
without-reaching an agreement. *
This was the second trial" of Blanchain.
In the first trial a juror became violently
ill just' as the argument for the people
was being closed by District Attorney
Cooper, v.; :.-.v..; ¦-••-* ¦<¦'- . . -^
. Blanchain: Is a squaw,, man" .. and was
supposed to have taken ¦ up the ' feud ¦. of
his. Indian wife, whose relatives had been
at enmity with Lagoon Charlie's since the
Indian , wars in this county, when .one of
Lagoon Charlie's' family -deserted the In
dians and fought, for^the' white men.' La
goon Charlie' was decoyed -from- his* tepee"
and murdered In the woods near Trinidad.
cused of Indian Chief's Murder
Ends in Naught.
JTJRY IN BLANCHAIN ;
' CASE FAILS TO. AGREE
Second Trial of "Squaw Man" Ac-
Sir Felix Semon, an English specialist,
differs from the German specialists called
in, it is said, as to the nature of the af
fection, Semon maintaining. that it is only
gouty. -
The King has been put upon a, severe
regimen in order to eliminate gout from
his system and his spirit is reported to be
giving way under the strain of uncertain
ty. His interest in the arrangements for
his coronation, which wholly engrossed
him some months ago, is waning.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— The World has
this from. London: Alarming reports
about King Edward's throat and general
health have been in circulation since his
return to England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO. Sept. 29.— Fire this morning
at 3 o'clock destroyed a half block of
frame buildings here. The business places
burned and the losses are as follows:
Mrs. R. M. Dunning, millinery, loss" $2500,
Insurance $1000; Harrison & Rutherford,
grocers, loss $4000, insurance $2000; Mrs.
E. Spiek, cigars and notions, loss $600, In
surance $200; M. Roberts, harness and
shoe repair shop, loss $400, insurance $200;
G. H. Freitas, barber shop, loss $550, insur- 1
ance $250; G. R. Graves, undertaking par
lors, loss $5500, insurance $3000.
The buildings in which these firms were
located ¦were owned bv D. and G. D.
Plato, loss $1500, insurance $800, and Mrs.
J. F. Tucker, loss $2000, insurance $1000.
The Dally and Weekly News office ad
joining was badly scorched, but the con
tents of the office escaped damage. Plate
glass windows on the opposite side of the
street in Tucker &"Perley's insurance of
fice and in the- Gates building were
broken. • -
The cause of the fire is a mystery and
the point where it started is in dispute.-
of Frame Structures in
Modesto.
Conflagration Destroys a Half Block'
BUSINESS PLACES AND '
STOCKS OF GOODS BURNED
English , Specialist^ Says
the King Is Suffering
From Gout.
Ira D. Orton, A, O. Wilkens and Cap
tain Wilson, all of whom are residents
of this city, have purchased valuable
interests on Swedisn Gulch. The deal;
which is one of the biggest made In that
country, was consummated just before
Mr. Metson left Nome. . < >
i He further stated that he did not care 'to
listen to any criticism of Judge Noyes and did
not want his name even mentioned save
where the record made it ¦ imperative. The
first case which the new Judge took up 'was
Mongollon vs. Mclntosh, in which Judge
Noyes made so many conflicting orders that
General Randall found it necessary to place
his soldiers in charge after Noyes left. Judge
Wickersham decided the case quickly.
He further stated that he would not allow
,any lawyer to talk to him privately about any
case under consideration, and that any busi
ness inrelation to any case must be transacted
in the presence of opposing counsel. Judge
Wickersham' s inaugural announcement struck
the right vein with the people of Nome and
he became popular at once.
The new discoveries practically triple the
value of Anvil Creek properties. Grass Gulch,
Hannum, Boulder and Cunningham Creek and
the lower five claims on Dahl Creek turned
out quite rich. I look for an exceptionally big
boom In that section next year.
Judge Wickersham, who was sent to Nome
to take the place of Judge Noyea, who will
soon be tried by the Circuit Court of Appeals
on a charge of contempt. Impressed me as be
ing an honest, conscientious Jurist, whose
spirit of Justice and fairness will make him
popular in that section. Upon assuming
charg* Judge Wickersham publicly announced
from the bench that he would be in court
every day and would do his best to dispose of
the many controversies over mining property
as quickly as possible. .
The mlnine and business Interests* of Nome
were in a healthy state of improvement when I
left there on the 16th of this month. Unex
pected discoveries of cold on. Anvil and other
creeks, in the immediate vicinity of Nome
buoyed up the spirits of the disgruntled, and
business picked up marvelously. Two addi
tional Day streaks have been discovered ou
Anvil Creek, and they take in the claims that
were thought to be blanks.
William H. Metson of the local law
firm of Campbell, Metson & Campbell,
who has been in Nome all summer, ar
rived home last night.. Mr. Metson is the
attorney for the Pioneer Mining Com
pany. Attorney Metson's confidence in
the Nome country as a gold producing
section was considerably strengthened
toward the end of this season when ad
ditional rich discoveries were made on
Anvil Creek, Grass Gulch and other
tributaries of the famous Anvil Creek.
Before leaving Nome, Metson, who was
foremost in the fight against Judge Noyes
and his allies, had the supreme satisfac
tion of seeing Judge WicKersham, form
erly of Eagle City, take charge of the
judicial affairs of the new camp. Regard
ing conditions in Nome Mr. Metson said:
The river steamer J. C. Powers left St.
Michael on September 15 for the last voy
age of the year up the Yukon.
In longitude 148 degrees, 47 minutes and
latitude 53 north, the Rosecrans passed
the brigannne Courtneyford in a partly
damaged condition. Her main topmast,
fore topmast and fore topgallant mast
were gone. She was spoken by the Rose
crans and reported that she was dismast
ed seventeen days out of Port Townsend
and was making good time.
The Rosecrans left St. Michael for Port
land, via Nome and Dutch Harbor, on
September 15. It was at Dutch Harbor
that the passengers and crew learned of
the shooting of President McKinley. They
did not hear of his death, however, until
this morning when they entered the
mouth of the Columbia River.
General Randall, commanding the De
partment of Alaska, will leave St. Michael
on the transport Seward in a few days
and will take up his headquarters at Van
couver Barracks.
The remaining passengers on the Rose
crans are nearly all Government em
ployes and employes of the consolidated
companies of Alaska, who are coming
either to remain permanently or to spend
the winter. Of tne troops, 199 are to be
stationed at Vancouver Barracks, having
spent their years in Alaska, while 205 of
them were brought out because their term
of service will expire before the opening
of navigation next year. ¦ . >
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 29.— The United
States army transport Rosecrans arrived
in port to-night, fourteen days from St.
Michael. The Rosecrans brought 427
United States troops, under the command
of Captain Wright. They are as follows:
Company F, Seventh United • States In
fantry, 102; Company I, Seventh United
States Infantry, y7; unassigned, 205; hos
pital corps, 12;. signal corps, 1L
President Rooeevelt knows Germany and has
learned to esteem it by personal studies. His
indorsement of the reciprocity treaties will
bring both countries nearer to each other eco
nomically and Increase their common inter
ests. In 'wishing' to maintain the friendship
and guarantee the peaceful development and
national work of both nations the President of
the great republic will meet with the co-opera
tion of the German people and Government.
The National Zeltung says:
We hope that thi* is President Roosevelt's
conviction and no conventional phrase. A sen
sible American policy has no reason to antag
onize Germany.
The tariff discussion continues in a more
-lively manner. The meeting of the Verein
Fuer Social Polltik, embracing all the
leading German economists, met at Mu
nich tnis week and engaged in a lengthy
Ciscussion of the tariff bill. The criticisms
of the measure were loudly applauded,
and the sentiment that "German export
business is well suited to be the founda
tion of our economic system" met with
strong approval. While no vote was
taken, the general opinion was strongly
against the tariff bill.
The Chambers of Commerce of Essen,
XJochum, Dortmund, Dusseldorf, Duis
burg, Muelheim, Ruhrort and Osnabrueck
have held a joint meeting at Essen and
passed a resolution to the effect that an
increase of the grain duties was necessary
and at minimal figures, not too high, but
the chambers rejected the minimal sys
tem altogether on the ground that it en
dangered the renewal of the treaties.
In the meantime the feud between the
agrarians and the manufacturers grows
sharper. The Deutsche Tages Zeltung, a
leading agrarian organ, prints a list of
manutacturers who oppose an increase of
the agricultural schedule, with figures
showing that an increase on their own
manufactures is much greater than on the
produce of agriculture.
Eeports in the provincial press from
Berlin eay Count von Bulow, the Imperial
Chancellor, recently admitted that a re
vision of the tariff bills in important
points was necessary.
The newspapers here make favorable
comment on President Roosevelt's letter
to Professor Hugo Munsterberg, profes
sor of experimental philosophy at Har
vard University, In which the President
eays he has at heart the warmest friend
ship between Germany and the United
States. The Tageblatt says;
The hastening of Prince Chun's return and
the selection or hie route correspond with the
wlEh of the German Government, whtch con
sider* it important that the character of the
mission be not obscured, and it would have re
carded It as being a directly unfriendly atti
tude on the part of the Chinese Government if
Jt had permitted the mission to visit other
capitals and be lionized. According: to the
peace treaty Germany alone could be regarded
as the mission's destination.
Although the semi-oflicial press denied
the correctness of the story that the Ger
man Government has hastened Prince
Chun's departure, the Lokal Anzeiger
again makes the assertion as follows:
The papers argue that a strong feeling
exists at the court against the municipal
ity. Some of them connect the above In
cidents with the re-eiection of Heir Kauff
man as Vice Mayor after the Emperor
had once refused to confirm him.
His Majesty has also rejected three
monuments and the plans for one new
bridze at Berlin.
BERLIN, Sept. 29.— The papers have
been engaged in a warm controversy this
week over Emperor William's refusal to
receive the Mayor of Berlin on the sub
ject of running the city's electric railroad
across Unter den Linden. While the pa
pers representing the municipality's \iews
admit his Majesty has a legal right to
forbid the road from crossing the thor
oughfare, they point to the hardship for
the city Involved in such a decision.
Lawyer Brings News of
v:- Strike on Anvil
: ;^v;v- V Creek. -•' -..•'> V
German Emperor Shows
Animosity Toward :
City of Berlin, y
More Than Four Hun
dred End Service in r
" ¦ the North. v
METSON COMES
BACK FROM NOME
SOLDIERS BACK
FROM ALASKA
STRONG FEELING
EXISTS AT COURT
fc^yv^HE German Catholic societies of ,
j I California, represented .by," dele-
I gates, met in convention yester
)t day afternoon at St. Boniface's
Church on Golden Gate ' avenue,
near Jones street. In the morning mass
was celebrated at St. Anthony's Church,
at which Archbishop Riordan addressed
the assembled delegates. In the evening
an open meeting in St. Boniface's Hall
concluded the first day of the convention.
The feature' of the services at St.
Anthony's Church was the address by
Will Meet "Where King Beveled.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— The Church of Eng
land congress meets Tuesday at the ma
rine residence of George IV, at Brighton,
the scene of his revelries. The London
Times, commenting on the strange revers
als of time, says: "Few contrasts could
be stranger than that of the mixed com
panies of toadies and debauchees who
danced and drank with their royal patron
and the crowd of long-coated, wide-awake
ladles who will throng the monument to
faded splendor."
PARIS, Sept. 29.-A dispatch from Con
stantinople reports, that a bloody flght
has taken place between Mussulmans and
Christians at Beirut. Syria. No details
are given. .
Reported Conflict Between the
Christians and Mussul
mans in Syria.^
EDWARD'S HEALTH
CAUSES CONCERN
GLACIER, B. C Sept. 29.— Both sec-
Mons of the royal train arrived here this
afternoon on time. The station and hotel
buildings were gayly decorated with flags,
bunting and evergreen. "A Hearty Greet
ing" was the sign that met the royal
pair on their arrival. The reception ten
dered the Duke and Duchess was most
cordial.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 29.— The roy
al train will arrive in Vancouver before
noon to-morrow.' After the presentation
of an address by the Mayor, the Duke and
Duchess will be driven in the royal car
riage, drawn by six horses, with royal
outriders, to the new drill hall, which will
be formally opened by the Duke. His
royal highness will afterward present
medals to South African veterans and will
be entertained at luncheon. They will re
main in Vancouver until Tuesday morn
ing. .
Glacier Is Gayly Decorated.
The Canadian Pacific Hotel In Field was
beautifully ' decorated with evergreens,
banners and flags. At the entrance to the
hotel was an evergreen arch inscribed
with the words, "Welcome to. British Co
lumbia." The population of the town was,
as has been the. case all through j the
West, on the station platform eagerly
awaiting the arrival of the royal party
and the reception tendered them was. en
thusiastic and hearty.
FIELD, B. C, Sept. 29.— This morning
dawned bright, clear and cold at Banff
and the beauty of the scene as the sun
rose over the mountain peaks, covered by
their mantles of snow, called forth ex
clamations of pleasurable delight from
those on board the royal train, who were
early astir. After breakfast a start was
made, the first section leaving Banff for
Vancouver at 8:15 o'clock, followed short
ly afterward by the second section, with
the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York on board. The run to Laggan,
where the first stop, was made, was a
most enjoyable one, for as the sun be
came stronger and brighter the lights and
shadows of the mountains became more
distinct. The day was absolutely perfect
for viewing the glories of Canada's great
range. Not a cloud was visible in the
sky, which showed a deep blue above
peak and valley.
At Laggan, B. C, the station wa.« taste
fully, decorated with evergreens and flags,
while the small population of the place
¦was out- in full force on -the station plat
form to get a " view of the royal train
and, If possible, to catch a glimpse of, the
Duke and Duchess. ' The children carried
Union Jacks In their hands and gave a
hearty and loyal welcome to the future
sovereign and his royal consort when they
appeared on the platform. • . .
The stay at Laggan was brief. During
the stop everybody left the cars and en
joyed a walk in the brisk mountain air
and bright sunshine. The Premier of Can
ada. Sir Wilfred Laurler, spent the time
chatting with friends. on the station plat
form. .
Bach Town Gives Greeting.
During a brief stop of the pilot special
at Revelstoke late in the afternoon the
Countess of Mlnto laid the corner-stone of
Victoria Memorial College Hospital, the
fourth of the kind organized in Western
Canada. The Countess of Minto organized
the movement for the establishment of
hospitals at remote places unable to sup
port a large hospital.
The Canadian Pacific officials used every
possible precaution to guard 'against ac
cident. The track was carefully patrolled
at every danger point arid a guard stood
at every : switch. : The divisional ¦ officials
were all : on duty and personally super
vised the handling of the royal specials.
The Countess of Minto and several mem
bers-of her party made the ride down the
loops from Glacier to Illeflllewaet on ths
cow-catcher platform of the engine of the
pilot special. .They all enjoyed the thril
ling experience.
The royal passengers got away from
Banff at 8:30 o'clock in the morning. The
entire population of the little mountain
town turned out to see them oft and cheer
the royal couple. On through the moun
tains until long after night had settled
down there were crowds at all E the sta
tions for a glimpse of the Duke and Duch
ess.
t They were particularly interested in
Kicking Horse Pass and glacier at
Glacier. The royal train was run very
slowly through the former and stopped
at the latter. There was ample time for
the observation of beauty. /' ¦¦¦¦¦' ¦¦'.'¦ '
_¦¦;.;• -. ¦ . . ". • N - - . '¦
REVELSTOKE, B. C, Sept. 29.— The
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall rode to
day through the 'Rocky and Selkirk moun
tains and by noon to-morrow will be at
Vancouver. The ride through the moun
tains was greatly appreciated by the Duke
and Duchess and their traveling compan
ions and the trip has seldom been .. made
under more favorable circumstances. It
was a bright, clear day, and the warm
sun gave the snow-topped peaks a daz
zling brilliancy and drove the mists out
of the deep-cut canyons and ravines: Each
point of Interest was called to the atten
tion of the Duke and Duchess, who spent
nearly the entire day in sight-seeing from
the rear platform of their car. . . ¦
BLOODY FIGHT
TAKES PLACE
AT BEIRUT
After Schley made the signal to attack
the Colon at a range of 7000 yards he sig
naled to the fleet to follow the flagship.
The Massachusetts, to which he had
transferred his flag, steamed to a. dis
tance of 9000 yards and opened fire. His
projectiles failed to reach the Colon.
"When he passed the entrance a third tlma
Schley turned to the commanding officer
of the Massachusetts and said: "Star
board your helm and let's get out of
here." And. lastly, the Texas was imper
iled by the Brooklyn's loop.
Schley directed the return of the fleet to
Key "West. ¦
Canadian Towns Give Hearty
"Welcome to Britain's Heir
Apparent.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,*
N. . W., "WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.
—Rear Admiral Schley Is confident
to-night that he will receive full
vindication from the court of In
quiry which Is "investigating his conduct
during the war with Spain. The admis
sions made by; witnesses who- have thus
far appeared and upon which the friends
of Rear Admiral Schley place great
stress, are:
The conduct of Rear Admiral Schley off
Cienfuegos: There was no unnecessary de
lay on the part of the flying squadron In
endeavoring to ascertain if the Spanish
fleet lay within this harbor. • ,
Concerning the voyage to Santiago the
testimony generally shows that the sea
was. rough and- the wind high on the af
ternoon of May 25 and the morning of May
26. Furthermore, the Eagle was half full
of water and It was necessary to slow
down in order that she might keep up
with -the fleet. .
Concerning the retrograde movement:
The collier Merrimac became a great
source of embarrassment, her machinery
sustaining damage Immediately after the
arrival off Santiago. Though the sea was
not rough, there was a heavy swell on the
afternoon of May 26 and on May 27, which
made coaling dangerous. The American
men-of-war had not had much practice
in coaling at sea and the experience of the
Texas showed, that it was unwise to ex
pose the armorclads to destruction.
Signals and the Loop.
The squadron ' was directed by signals
made by the direction of Commodore
Schley to -attack the Colon at a range
of 7000 yards. \ Commodore Schley was not
responsible for the failure of the captains
of the fleet to obey the signaj. The block
ade of Santiago maintaine<L_by the flying
squadron was not different in respect of
distances than that emorced by Read Ad
miral-Sampson upon his arrival. ¦
Concerning the Brooklyn's loop. Lieuten
ant Commander Heilner's evidence show
ed that the distance separating the Brook
lyn and Texas when the former was mak-
Upon his arrival off Santiago Schley
asked for picket vessels. The Eagle wa«i
particularly valuable for this service. Al
though ordered to Santiago, the squad
ron did not go there, but pursued
a course that ¦would have brought it to
the* coast of Haiti, finally stopping' at a
point twenty-five miles southeast of the
Cuban port. Without undertaking to coal,
although the sea was so smooth that, ac
cording to several officers, they " could
have coaled had they been ordered to do
so, and without endeavoring to obey the
order directing him to ascertain whether
the Spanish ships - were at Santiago,
In his communication to the. Senate
Naval Committee, Schley asserted that he
left Cienfuegos at seventeen minutes after
5 o'clock on the afternoon of May 24. He
did not leave until 8 o'clock. The Mar
blehead .signaled the fleet of the appear
ance of a strange vessel. The fleet lay
to at quarters, but no attempt was made
to board the suspfcious. vessel and ascer
tain whether she carrid supplies or con
traband of war. / ./
The Failure to Coal.
Coaling operations were carried on at
Cienfuegos showing 1 , that the sea was not
too heavy to have prevented Schley from
sending ashore and establishing commun
ication with the insurgents. Lights were
seen which caused .considerable discussion
among the officers" of the fleet, but noth
ing 'was done to investigate them.
From the i>ofnt of view of . the Navy
Department the . evidence thus far ad
duced before the court of inquiry has fully
established Its charge that Rear Admiral
Schley was guilty of reprehensible con
duct during the Santiago campaign. Rear
Admiral Schley, knowing his own destin
ation and aware that the Marblehead had
just left Cienfuegos, should have signaled
to Commander McCalla to board the
Brooklyn and acquaint him with the con
ditions at that point.
Sampson's frinds are equally confident
of a decision against Schley for these rea
sons:
Ing her celebrated turn was between 100
and 150 yards. The chart signed by all
the navigators give the distance at 600
yards. Lieutenant Commander Hellner
acknowledged that the chart was not cor
rect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Royal Travelers View
Picturesque Western
Scenery.
Principal Features of the Testimony Adduced During the Session in
Washington and Upon Which Decision Will Hang*
SON OF EDWARD
CROSSES ROCKIES
SCHLEY EXPRESSES CONFIDENCE
THAT COURT WILL VINDICATE HIM
THE SAN TRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1901.
Delegates Open Proceedings at St* Boniface's Church and Are
Addressed by Archbishop Riordan at St* Anthony's*
GERMAN CATHOLIC SOCIETIES
MEET IN ANNUAL CONTENTION
There will be special services at St.
Boniface's Church this morning. In the
afternoon the business of the convention
will be concluded. . t . ¦
The big hall was crowded during the
evening, ceremonies. The choral society
sang several impressive songs and the
addresses were all well received. P. B..
Schoenstein made the opening remarks.
Maximilian Neumann delivered the ad
dress of the evening, Carl Schnabel
spoke on "Our Societies," P. "W. Mel
chers on the "Christian Family" and F.
"W. ¦ Stromberg on "Our Schools."
George Schilling, Joseph "W. Scheldt, George
Holl; alternate, Paul Mager. Catholic Knights
of America, German Branch No. 197, San Fran
cisco— F. X. Burhane, J. Sicke; alternate, F. F.
Schoensteln. St. Anthony's Sodality, San Fran
cisco—Jules Jorgens, Peter Conens, Christian
Free; alternate. John "Wlllieee.
tho Archbishop. He spoke of the natural
Instincts of the German people to band
together and praised them for their
earnest, sincere devotion to their religion.
The afternoon session was a busy one,
in which all the preliminary work of the
convention -was accomplished. F. "B.'
Schoensteln occupied the chair. The fol
lowing committees were appointed:
Resolutions— Rev. Raphael ¦ Fuhr. O. P. M. :
Rev. Maximilian Neumann, O. F. M. : George
Buecker, Charles P. Conrad, Carl A. Schnabel,
F. B. Schoensteln. .
Antra&e— F. W. Stromberg, P. J. Schiefer. S.
Buhr, L>. Kaempfen, Herman Burhans, Dan
Busch.
Finance — Julius "Wrede, Joseph Keller, August
Vetter, John May, George Holl.
Printing— C. P. Conrad. C. A. Bchnabel, F.
Li. Burhans, John Bohner. A. Schimmel.
The following 1 named delegates took
3
If you want a good serviceable suit— -one that will hold its
color and shape; and wear as it should— buy one of our all-
wool blue serges at $9.00.
They are absoliT.ely all-wool, fast colored, well made, good fitting, sub-
stantial, lasting, ' worth ihe money— n fact, satisfactory in every way. Your j!
money back if the suits do not come up to the above specifications in each
r%o»'t i/*iilo r ¦ ¦ 1
pa.ucuiar. -
( They are neat, dressy, garments, cut in the latest styles of single and double
I breasted sacks. We mads them ourselves and put $9 worth in every suit. ; ;
Here they are ready to put on for tha extremely reasonable price of . •
Last Day of th^ 3= Day Special Sale.
_ijj|5* " -a Last Friday we announceJ a three-day special '
$y«^'"f& . in vestee and sailor suits. To-day is the last day **l^vXi&
Kr^S^" £3 ¦ ¦-- you can get tho suits at the special price of JS 1.05- mgfffe. ,_•-» '«3
''¦ \ • raT/ Exchanges, alterations or money back — your !
•"*tfV i'vV'v^Jiw ¦ The sailors are for boys from "3 to 10 years of age and jrfiffiThA^&x
WSJ ' iSMilMSL - th e vestees for boys from 3 to 8 years old. The garments /Hi* /A/{i':ifS\ '
JpiflBSMl ill Hstev are made of good material and neatly trimmed; as to ,^^/jJffiW u/.i&\ !l
MmSrKlXr^& > * their value, . we will say that if, after taking a suit home M^&MWM JSSV
Itftfi 1 it IMI^ and closely examining it, you don't think it worth the t^^|'ffi Mil l&A
I Rl i i i M mWffl^*Uir price return the suit immediately and you can have your fflWvMwK 51
I iSi TI'lBft money back. Special price, ending to-day, : ip|y^|SSjjP
iPJr Vfi ' I Unlaundered waists, ages 4 to 10 years, formerly 25c,. fllWMfff
I %"!« fcl'im * Boys'- srolf caps, extra well made, 23c each. . , ~\ 'j\ ,'• ¦iff (!/ HlH'l
¦ ¦ im ¦iiHZIZ_iwmM™i— ¦¦¦¦¦¦— ¦ 1 '' ffiA conference was held In San .Francisco Thursday of representatives of tha
Merchants Exchange, the San Francisco Produce Exchange, the San Francisco
Board of Trade, the Manufacturers*, apd Producers' Association of. Californla.-the.
Ship-owners' Association and • the Merchants* Association. This conference ex
pressed its condemnation of the Examiner* in the following resolutions: ¦ •
"Whereas, The daily Examiner, of, San "Francisco has, through its columns.
\erily, it would appear that the workingmen of. San Francisco have reason. to
pray to be delivered from their friends. God knows that in the struggle now
on their loV is -a hard one. . Deprived of labor themselves, there is want in th»
home3 or thousands. The conditions that have kept the necessities of life from
wives and children would long since have ceased, and the trouble would now be
over, but for the Examiner's course. And now this demagogic priest., whoso
occupation and prominence gives weight to what he may say. no matter how
unreasonable and ridiculous, adds fuel to the fire and urges strikers to a course
that means their utter ruin should they follow his advice.
;, The Stockton Daily Independent, on September 28, published the. fol
lowing- editorial r ~ '/ , :_"--; 1
"As of old the refractory slaves were lashed hito obedience, so now American
citizens in San Francisco are to be clubbed into slavery. How long will ye stand
it, ye wage earners of San Francisco?"
W^at Is it that this -priestly Yorke would have the laborers of San Fran
cisco do?^ Does he wish them to arm themselves and correct the evils he claims
exist with rifle and bayonet? Does he advocate the shedding of blood because
a policeman exceeds his duty? Granted for the sake of argument that the po
lice are guilty of the crimes of clubbing the inoffensive, robbing the unwary
and acting "as never did the police of. Russia act," does this hot-headed priest ad
vise the handful of strikers to take the law in their own hands?
"Before I close let me say one word on the general question of violence I
have warned the men against it. but I am beginning to cast in my mind If there
be not worse things than violence. Violence is to be reprobated when the law
protects you, but if the law is perverted, what then? The action of the Dolice
In this city, especially within the past few days., has been intolerable I have
seen an old man with gray hair and of venerable aspect ridden down and
clubbed by one of Sullivan's Bashl Bazouks. Every hour peaceable citizens are
held up, searched. . robbed, assaulted and there appears to be no remedy Never
in Russia did the police act as they are acting to-day on the water front* of San
Francisco and in our streets. .
"People of California, what Is done to-day to the longshoremen may be done
to you to-morrow.
. ' "Wage earner of San' Francisco, will you stand by and see your brethren
clubbed into submission to the Employers' Association?
In his latest article he wrote:
He devotes column after column to a senseless scolding of The Call hut as
.this is purely a personal matter, the public has little concern, with it. Whe'n how
ever, the priestly agitator openly advises violence and disobedience of the' laws
his utterances become significant. *
A FOOLISH ADVISER.
The Irreverend Peter C. Yorke is amusing himself and disgusting the Dublle
by publishing in the Examiner a series of articles that for choice invective and
unbridled abuse would not be decent in a layman, but which in his position ia
positively shocking.
The Mayor sent the Examiner a positive denial, declaring he had said nothing
of the kind, and that th'e accusation was wholly false. The denial was shown to
the priest, and In yesterday's Examiner it appears side by side with a communi
cation from nim in- which he has. the impudence to repeat the original assertion
and to say that it Is borne out by an affidavit from Andrew Furuseth, also
printed.
The affidavit wholly fails to support the priest's position. In fact, the only
words it attributes to the Mayor are these:
"I have listened to your story and I think you ought to go to work. The duty
of the city government Is clear. We must have peace al all-hazarda."
The affidavit concludes with an expression of opinion from Furuseth to th«
effect that he came from an interview with the Mayor impressed with the idea
that "the clubbing of peaceable, Innocent men would continue until they would
consent to resume work." But Furuseth is very careful not to put any such
words in, the Mayor's mouth.
If the matter were not so serious. Father Yorke would appear supremely ri
diculous by this weak and foolish attempt to bolster up his false and slander
ous charge. His brazen repetition of so great a falsification, coupled with fur
ther low appeals to the passions and prejudices of the strikers, • is disgraceful
and indecent, and tends to bring reproach upon the sacred calling which he pro
fesses, v - •' ' . ,
To discerning persons it is plain that no statement of fact -which Father
Yorke may hereafter make is entitled to belief, In this or any other controversy.
The Daily Californian, of Bakersfield, published the following editorial
on September 27:
On Thursday last the Examiner reported Father Peter C. Yorke as havln*
charged Mayor Phelan with saying, regarding the strikers: >.
• "I£ they don't -want to be clubbed, let them go to work."
A GROSS FALSIFICATION BRAZENLY REPEATED.
' The time is not far distant when the workingmen of San Francisco will
use of and concerning Peter C. Yorke the same bitter language they now employ
in mentioning the hated name of Harry Knox.
The following is also from the Sacramento Bee of September 28:
And yet he cares not, so long as he can flount himself in the light of day.
Peter C. Yorke cares no more for the workingmen of San Francisco than for
the dust under his feet. He is infatuated only with his own notoriety. If he
were not delirious with the publicity which environs him he might pause to
consider that the counsel he Is giving the workingmen of San Francisco is that
of a man who preaches the blessings of suicide. He knows the cause for which
he shrieks is lost. He knows the advice which he furnishes points to the
Tarpeian rock, over which the strikers will' dash themselves if they follow
where he beckons.
The words of Peter C. Yorke in Thursday's Examiner mean » nothing less
than that. ' No other , interpretation can be put upon them by any one who
comprehends the meaning of English words.
There is a "soggarth" in San Francisco, but none of the "aroon" attaches
to him. \ . . ' .
Instead of preaching peace he advocates disturbance. In place of directing
his flock in the ways of moderation he endeavors to Incite them, to deeds of
turbulence. 'When disorder occurs he blackguards the authorities who have
endeavored to preserve the peace and protect the citizens from assault and
murder. When tae laws are being violated and men are assaulted and maimed
for- no other crime, than an endeavor to work In order to support their wives
and their children, he shrieks- at the police who are trying to maintain order,
and denounces, in the most atrocious billingsgate, honest, upright, generous and
manly American citizens ¦ whose only crime is that they have the audacity to
endeavor to conduct their, own In his French-Revolution harangues
<he, has been"" as7 'sparing of the truth in his statements as ' of - common decency
in his language. ' J "' <¦ ' ¦ .¦'.. ¦ ;
., ClSth^&'^vlth the"* authority ~6f' a Catholic priest, he has acted," not as a
counselor, but as a firebrand; not as one pointing the way to peace and moder
ation, but as one inciting to assault and riot. When labor leaders have advised
their followers to tread the ways of quiet protest, it has remained for this
alleged man of God to harangue them to deeds of desperation. With all the
demagogy and little of the cunning sagacity of Mark Antony he has
endeavored to incite the very stones of San Francisco to mutiny, to riot and
to crime. Instead . of counseling his hearers to obey the law and to respect an
authority exerted only to maintain order and protect the lives of American
citizens, he has denounced the preservers of the peace as criminals and ha»
endeavored — by every artifice known to a demagogue who has no regard for
truth, no respect for the rights of citizens and no consideration for upright
Americans whom he maligns— to precipitate the strikers into a combat with th«
authorities.
Time was when the "soggarth aroon" went among the poor, dealing out
charity and lo\'lng kindness to all, tending the sick, ministering: to the dying,
and not only offering prayers for the dead but giving good counsel and fatherly
advice to the quick.- • He taught his flock not only how to die, but as well how
to live. Ho instilled" into them the doctrine o£ affection, not the creed or
hate. He taught them for all mankind, not bitterness against political
, opponents and malice to employers. He Inculcated In them a regard for order,
an obedience to the 'law, a submission to necessary and salutary authority,
and a love for their, country. In times of heated industrial turmoil he cham
pioned when they were right and eluded when they wore wrong. But as he
,. championed he counseled. He ever preached the ways of peace: He ever
warned against violence and riot. He ever stood by the side of his flock— with
. one hand keeping back to the extent of his power those who would wrong them,
and with the other restraining his children from overt acts— the while be
preached moderation and that gospel of Chri«t:
. : "Do unto others as ye would that others should do unto you."
The most lovable type of the "soggarth aroon" ever known on the Padflo
Coast was the priest and hero of Virginia City, Patrick Manogue, who died ,
as Bishop of Sacramento. In the Jurbulent times of the Comstock he was the
idol of the Miners' Union. There w'as n.> miner's home in all that section. where
the" wife did not pray every night for God to .bless Patrick Manogue. There was
not a house — be it of the rich or of the poor — In which he was not welcome. .
Doing God's work humbly and faithfully, he hesitated neither to reproach Capi
tal nor to criticise and even to lecture Labor. He feared only to do wrong.
In his humble sphere he was as the heart of Bruce, which the Scots threw
ahead of them In battle in the hour of their desperation, and, casting them
selves upon the foe, cried out: "Heart of Bruce, we follow thee!"
In the darkest days of the laborers on the Comstock they exclaimed with
one voice (Protestants as well as Cathelics): "Direct, Father Manogue, and we
obey!"
On one wild night In Virginia C:ty h-> stopped the hotheads of the Miners*
Union from deeds of desperation and crime. In all that camp of excitement and
of fierce will he was the only man with the influence and the pluck to stem
the current- of riot' and violence. And before the sun had reached its meridian
on the morrow he had exacted from the bonanza kings a promise that the
men. should all go back to work at the wages which they asked and to which
- they were entitled. . . ' .
That was the "soggarth aroon" of Virginia City and Sacramento.
THE "SOGGARTH AROON" OF VIRGINIA
CITY, AND THE "SOGGARTH/' WITHOUT
1 THE "ARO0N," OF SAN FRANCISCO
THE'article following is reproduced from the Sacramento Bee of Sep
tember 28. : The article ;w'as written by Editor McClatchey, also one
of the owners of the Bee, and is signed "C. K.":
7 HE Call herewith 'publishes extracts from some of the lead
ing nezvs papers of the interior of California, ivhich deal plain
'lywith the Rev. Father Yorke of San Francisco in reference
to the position' he has taken on 'matters connected with local affairs
and especially <.' his -utterances on the platform and in the press.
eaiifornia^ress' Forcefully Expresses Its Opinions
: Concerning His Utterances From the Forum
: V : and in the Public Prints.
ALTITUDE OF THE SAN
FRANQSGO PRIEST CAUSES
MUCH ADVERSE COMMENT
UNCLE SAM DETERMINED TO RID THE OF
THIS DOUBLE-HEADED MONSTER; : I . :i:
REPUTABLE PRESS LASHES THE REPTILIAN YELLOW JOURNALS
AND DENOUNCES INFLAMMATORY WORDS OF FATHER YORKE
FROM SEA TO SEA SWEEPS
THE STORM OF INDIGNATION
AGAINST ANARCHY'S HERALDS
Futile Attempts of the Hearst Newspapers to Defend
Their Malignant Teachings and- Attacks
on the Government. ; v ! -
7 HE press of the East and West continues its scathing denun
ciation of the Hrarst yclloiv jounials{and the latter* s s propa
gation of the tenets of anarchism and assassination. . The Call
herezcith publishes editorials appearing in some of the many ¦'• neivi
papers that arc scoring thc-\thrce Hearst pa per s and their' infamous
policies. . , - '? ' \ -. ';' ' ' r .
THE New York Press, in its 1 . issue of beptember 23,. rciers in seaming,
terms to the attempt of the Hearst newspapers to palliate their grave
and flagrant offense in their Vicious attacks on the late President
and their encouragement of anarchy. The editorial is as follows:
THE ONE DEFENSE OF BOTH.
Tbe murdered President is buried, and thei world of necessity turns from the past to the
future, taking up again the concerns of life. . •" " • ' T" . -
There are things that need to be said, and that can be said NOW. , . ,
Prom coast to coast of the continent -this newspaper has been v attacked, ana is being
attacked, with assassin-like ferocity. ' . . '
We are getting the preposterous teaching that It is a crime In a newspaper to be human,
and animated and entertaining. '• ." ; k • • • A ¦ '¦ „ .
Because a villain or a madman ha* murdered a'Presldent of the Intted States we are to
have no more pollilcal controversy. ' " ' J " ¦ /«,.__ i
Is nil life hereafter to be lived in a graveyard by Americans and by American Journal
ism lest when death comes to a public man the severe word, Ihe light* word and the funny
jilcture may be produced in the death chamber?— New York '^Journal, September 22. . •
So this is the apology. Is it— this the defense? \ You r- were "human,":''ani
mated" and ••entertaining"' In your assaults on the late chief magistrate? - it
was merely -political controversy," was it. that fined your columns in ¦¦ your
presentation of and comment upon the 'policies of the .McKinley administra
tion in peace and war? It is only "light" werds or ."severe" 'words -that you
have spoken about social Institutions and prominent men generally? So you
say, so you ezcote yourself.
Then it was '-human" and "animated" to intimate by parallel the violent
death of William McKinley within five years? It was "entertainine" to pre
dict "an awful bloodv Quarrel" between him, "the Commander-in-Cnlef,
who had surrendered the control of the army and navy to the trusts."
and the "American peasant." to whom he had "tossed the answer 'the
trusts can do no -wrrons' " with his "fat. white hand." You say it was.
It was only a "lieht" or possibly a "severe" word— illustrated. by "funnv"
pictures, which we have been requested repeatedly to reproduce, but which for
decency's sake, we have declined— to name him as "an obedient lellvflsh." a
"Doliticastro." cue "ready to surrender every particle of national honor
and dismitv"P So you have written it down. ;
it was your notion of "politiaal controversy" to call him "an abiect.
weak, futile, incompetent poltroon," "bar one. the most despised and
hated creature on the hemisphere, his name hooted, his nsrure burned
in efflev." So you have said in plain print.-
There are other "light" or "severe" words on which stress might be laid. Such
is your advice to anarchists to leave things alone and come and blow up Amer
ican bankprs. manufacturers and corporation presidents. Such is your exhorta
tion, to society to treat a certain rich man "like a wild beast" — merely because
he Is a rich man. Such is your complaint after a collision between police and
rioters that "there have not been enough shot. No trust manager has ever had
a scratch." But we shall confine- the relation to these "light" words you spoke of
IVilliam McKinley. , . .
They "human"? They "animated"? They "entertaining"? They the language
of "political controversy"? When you" say so, Hearst, you flee for refuge within
that illimitable comparison of the martyr, who said of your pupil, "Poor fellow, he
did not know what he was doing." You palliate, in so grotesque a distortion of
the plain meaning of words your morai monstrosity with mental deficiency. You
proclaim that your counsel has advised you, too. that "your only defense is in
eaiiity." As your accomplice would escape in the straltjacket of the lunatic so
would you In the motley of the fool. - . ¦ .. .-
The Nashville (Tenn!) American said editorially on September 24:
FROBLEM OF YELLOW JOURNALISM.
The Chancellor of Syracuse University, James R. Day, upon being questioned
by the New York Journal for an expression upon PresidentMcKinley, sent the
following: ... , ; ¦ :. . ¦' . : • :
Samuel Hicks, General Manager New York
Journal— Dear Sir: Will you please never send to
this office any matter bearing the "imprint of the
New York Journal ? I loathe the New York Journal
as I do the unspeakable wretch who shot our great
President. I believe your paper, more than any other
agency in this country,' helped to make the conditions
which encouraged such assassination. To have our
institution commended by such a paper would be a
[burning disgrace. ; JAMES R. DAY.
But what difference does this make to the Journal? The leading preachers,
lawyers, politicians and editors erf New York City continue to write for its'col
umris. No New York paper can boast of such a stanT of special contributors. As
long as eminent leaders of thought earn pin money writing for the Journal, how
Is the "common herd" to know its other pages reeking with foul scandal, and
sensational fakes should be shunned?
When the Maine was destroyed the Journal telegraphed over the country
asking prominent citizens to accopt a place on its committee to erect a national
monument by popular subscription to' the men who went down with the Maine.
Most of the prominent citizens. Governors, etc.. accepted. One of the invitations,
however, was addressed to the Hon. Gnover Cleveland, and was answered In
this manner:
PRINCETON*. N. J., F«>b. 58. 1898.— To W. ,R. Hearst. New York Journal, New Tork— I
decline to allow my Borrow for those who died on the Maine to be perverted to an adver
tising Bcheme for the New. York Journal. GRQVER CLEVELAND.
Mr. Cleveland's 'was the dignified and sensible answer to a cheeky request,
what business was Jt of a newspaper's to raise a monument to the Maine's vic
tims?
But it Is difficult to draw the line between honest and intelligent criticism of
public officers and the ravings of the yellow Journals -which' hold them up with
pencil and brush as enemies of mankind. r .
¦ The yellow journal evil is well summed up by a Minnesota Congressman,
who says:
The evil of yellow Journals consists' in their pandering to the worst tastes of the Ignorant
and depraved. Intelligent readers are not affected by their utterances, or by the persistent
reiteration of false charges against public men. But to the uneducated man, coming from
a foreign country, and knowing little of American institutions, the vilest cartoons and the
moet Impossible accusations are taken at their face value. This man knows that in Aus
tria. Germany or Russia the Government would not allow such pictures to be printed or
utich charge* to be repeated, and the fact that they are published here in every conceivable
form is evjdence to his mind that they are true. He is not a wide reader, and some cheap
and pestiferous sheet is probably the only thing he ever sees. He learns from it that the
ruler* of the nation are men of the worst type; that they are personally responsible for pov
erty and misery. He comes to hold them to account for whatever he may himself lack of
the g-ood things of life. What wonder that he becomes a grumbler, and finally an anarchist?
But we are told the people are responsible, that the yellow papers but give
them what they want and that is what they should do. Ought ignorant and
untutored minds be given what they want? Mentally they are children. Do we
Clve children .what they cry for? ..If we did their appetites, would soon become
weak, capricious when satisfied, and not contented with simple and wholesome
food. . . -•¦¦.• '
A minstrel show in town last week gave black-faced representations of Mr
Bryan. Senator Depew. J. Plerpont Morgan and other well-known citizens Of
course., the galleries roared at their antics, and any respect it may have had for
any of these gentlemen vanished when they cake-walked across the stage. This is
an invasion upon the personal liberty of these gentlemen. This Is a free country
but it is the essence of tyranny for a man's personal .' appearance to be carica
tured night after night by a traveling minstrel troupe, and he to have no re
dress. '< - - •
, This Is not yellow journalism, but they are one "and- the same— too much lib
erty with other people's rights. ....
The Ledger, of Tacoma,' Wash., published the following in its editor
ial columns on September 25: ;
FACING -ITS ACCUSERS.
Yellow Journalism Is on trial. Cornered, It faces Its accusers. There was no
way of escape. The rat will turn and when it turns there Is venom in Its bite-
It remains a rat. > ' > • -. • '
When the Examiner was charged. with having- created the state of mind' that
breeds the spirit of anarchy, with assumption of superior delicacy* it declined to
reply. It said It would reply later. Its respect for Mr. McKinley and for the sor
row of the country restrained it: ]The body of the man it had traduced Is in the
tomb and now the Examiner feels, free to answer the indictment. The fact must
f>e remembered that the Examiner is one of three papers on equal plane -the
others being the New York Journal and the Chicago "American. Probably' the
same editorial appeared simultaneously m all and one estimate must embrace the
trio. • • •-¦,•••-..
The Ledger is among the papers that have charged the Examiner with being
a wicked and unwise sheet, an" evil and unclean thing. This opinion was advanced
In sincerity and there has been nothing to weaken it. In Its rejoinder, directed to
the. American people, the Examiner says It has been attacked by the parasitic
the unsuccessful, the portion of the press that lives on alms. Such weak assev
eration as this will carry no weight. The process of analysis is hampered by tha
mass of the address. In general terms It Is the claim to personal purity and loftv
tn 2 tlv< i: l \ lB dc ? lal of M 2' appeal to class prejudice save euch as Christ -made
when he placed Lazarus oh the doorstep of Dives; It Is self-laudation the verv
essence of meglomania. ,, .. . .' ..¦ . '• y
Getting down to detail, the Examiner propounds these questions- = ''
"What good institution, w Hat good cause has the Examiner Injured'
"Has « assailed the state? Has it attacked the churches? Has'It'antagon
ized any reform movement?" — : . . -xo jl iniagon
At this point the citation of a few facts becomes necessary, the clrcum
ftance being borne In mind that the Examiner and the Journal are one and
Hearst responsible for both: . . . ¦ - . • ; • ¦ , ttIlu
It was the Journal which characterized McKinley, the President *n« "ar,
obedient Jelly-fish." Aptn: "An abject,- weak, futile, incompetent?^ Joltrbon • '•"
bar one, the rnost despised and. hated creature in the hemisphere; his name is
hooted; his fieure burned in effigy." •¦¦¦¦, - ¦ - . ."uiue is
The Journal charged McKinley. and ; "the Wall-street cabinet" with readiness
to surrender national honor and dignity. It said the trusts contf oiled the com
mander of the army and navy; that -McKinley and those who "controlled" hh£
»oupht to create an oligarchy with themselves as rulers; that Mark Hanna act-
Ing for McKJnley. would increase the army and use It against the organized labor
ne so much hated. j. ¦ > ~ . .' Z ¦
The mildest term that could; be applied to these statements wouW
have been to class them as lies, for not" only were*;they lies, but foiil'
baseless, villainous slanders. They were aimed at the chief executive'
and, so as truly at the heart of the republic as was the pistol that. was
Continued on Page Seven.
Continued on Pa^e Seven.
Continued on ; Page ¦ Seven.
O. C. Miller, chaplain of the Artillery Corps at. the Presidio, delivered a most Interesting address yesterday after
noon to the men of the corps. .He paid a beautiful tribute to the memory of the late President McKinley, and. discoursed
upon the many phases of anarchy. His address was entitled; "Anarchy— a National Peril," and the soldiers listened to
him with great Interest. : " ' •"¦ , " . ¦ > ' • , • . . \ , . ..
,. -Chaplain Miller took for his text. James 11:12— "So speak ye and so do as they that shall be Judged, by the- law of
liberty." He spoke as follows: ... • , ., ,
The text lays down a safe law for speech and action; also a right
standard of Judgment. A' universal adoption of thls-rule of action and
standard of Judgment would prove the overthrow of anarchy, l^et us
pause amidst the deepest sorrow that ever befell us as a nation and
ask what It means. "Do men- gather grapes of thorns, or ftgs- of
thistles?" or. in other ' words, what of lasting, value can we gather
from the awful calamity of the. assassination of our beloved Presi
dent? Did he not offer up his life as a sacrifice to save. our nation
from being; overthrown by anarchism? Does his sacrifice not call
loudly to every one who. loves his country to arise and pledce him
¦elf-with unflinching determination 'to the uprooting of anarchy? bet
us notice | three things of vital* national Importance— the cause, the
curse and the cure of anarchy. • . "•'¦.•-.¦¦ , ¦
"Whatsoever a man soweth that shall he also reap", Is a universal
law. It 1* Inevitable. We as a nation have been sowing the wlml
and we have reaped the whirlwind; It has rent our hearts like the
rock-hewn mountains about the prophet's cave. Out of the depths. of
our sorrow let us cry unto. God and hear Ills voice.
The prime causa of anarchy Is liberty unrestrained by . moral law;
a hurtful freedom of speech and of the press that is fast undermining
the. foundations of our republic. A growing irreverence for the sacred
traditions of our forefathers. An alarming disregard for the necessity
of right moral conditions. . An -Increasing Ignorance of. the majesty of
salutary ' law. .The government of a .nation la. no • stronger than the
government of the homf-s which compose it. '¦ A lack of family govern
ment.. Indifference of parents. In respect to ". discipline and- training, of
their children, that reverses God's law safeguarding. the family; and
makes It read. Parents, obey your children. ¦, God set the solitary In
families, and such was the beginning of all government. A disregard
for the moral law as -given in the. Decalogue is hatching a mighty
brood . of . vile persons .- ready for any, vicious acts. Avlolatton of the
God-given sanctity of the Christian . Sabbath Is a disregard ; for the
most necessary and salutary law; and la therefore mighty ln'sowing;
the seeds of ruin and i anarchy. "A growing violation. of , the sacred ness
of the marriage tie as institutedby.the'Creator for the perpetuity of
the race Is to a most alarming -extent- encouraging '-" free ¦ love and
undermining the Institution, of the family. -Marriage" is coming to be
regarded- too- much as an- experiment, and not a» a bond of indis
soluble love. ¦ . '.'*¦'.'. s : . '. • ¦: ¦¦.
.'>'. Violence; Is Anarchy. "
Lynch law. Is anarchy, pure and 'simple-,' and of the worstUlnd be
cause It has the semblance of restraining vice; as if crime could be
restrained by crime 'or expiated ; by committing a." second. In the
Inhuman tortures, of the lyncher- Americans- have gained the unenvi
able reputation of surpassing the seml-clvlllzed Filipinos or even the
most barbarous tribes.' The lyncher, like the anarchist, Ignores the
law.- Corruption and fraud on the part of those set In high places to
Interpret ¦ and execute law are responsible for. lynching, and cultivates
and Inspires the red-handed anarchy that has slain twelve per cent
of all our Presidents, . and that,' too, in less than forty years.: '.. •
*In formerlda'ys Americans did not kill their, rulers. Agnosticism,
even though It sit in the professor's chair, is by no means guiltleES of
the blood of our most beloved and most comprehensive American.
Some of ¦ our theologlpal seminaries have also contributed their part
toward Inspiring the murderous deed of the assassin by bringing intw
question the Bible as the Infallible rule of faith and practice. The
higher critic has- done much to overthrow holy scriptures, destroy the
foundation of all moral law and therefore produce anarchy. .The
amassing of wealth by overriding the poor is doing much to embitter
the less fortunate in the race for social advancement, and thus plant
In their bosoms the seed thoughts of anarchy. Lastly, we cannot
suffer the church to escape, but must arraign her as a negative cause
of the evils that imperil our nation. She lias suffereil the sospePto
become adulterated with hypocrisy and worldllness till it has lost its
power and la , no: longer a savins leaven In the world's moral mass
of iniquity. /.: . v v ¦.•.:..:-. ; . . :
I need not ¦ multiply words In describing: the. curse "of anarchy; for
it suffices to say that it not only, destroys, the. good., but opens . the
flood gates of evil and devastates '"whatsoever thlncs are lovely and
of good report." .It is hard 'to conceive how one evil could destroy a
nation. Not so with - anarchy, . for, It represents the- combined forces
cf.the pit. The awful curse of anarchy, pervades every hamlet of bur
land.- It calls loudly at the door of every. man's heart for repentance
and ; the most • aggressive efforts toward the promotion of right living.
- Highest Liberty Is Law.
The cure is found In the perfect law of 'liberty aa stated -by St
James in the text. "By the perfecf.law /of .l.'berty"- all the powers
of-man'a being 'set -free by 'the truth I as it is in Jesus.. and developed
and perfected under the salutary restraint of that same truth "which
Is the gospel. The restraint of liberty is no new Idea. It is as old as
Eden. It began with, our first parents in the garden. "Of every tree
of the garden" thou mayest freely eat: but of the fruit, of the tree
which is in the midst of the Karden Goil hath said. Yo shall not eat
of it. neither .; shall ye touch it, : lest .ye die." The planets revolve
by the same perfect law : of >¦ liberty. Liberty ,. being' the . centrifugal
force, .restraint; the centripetal that'holds>it -to its-central .sun,; and
ARMY CHAPLAIN DENOUNCES ANARCHY
: *¦ '¦ ¦'¦¦¦] ¦:':' : !¦ (Prom ; the Cincinnati' Comin erclal-Tribune, -September 24.) { '-'.-,. - , - ¦¦ • ¦ '¦-'¦¦''-•
:'.'¦ A FTER months of persistenf abuse-^nd calutony? directed against?. President - McKinley, and: after ; the incited "'•
. /\ anarchist had sent two ; bullets from: his wea^pon^hargediwith'pbwder'and the'jmalignity.bf yellow -journalism
J*"*"*k — the New York Journal, ceased- its ivillainous'-political cartooning of '.President McKinley.' After, the shot
JL Mm had been fired the journal insulted-' all sense of public decency' by- fulsome eulogism ; where calumny had
always had place, and; waited until his death to out-Herod hypocrisy in flaunting memorials on the Chief
"Magistrate whom it had held' up as worthy the scorn and -the* contempt of all , men— and of the bullet of the
• peasant in his bloody quarrel with' the Commajider-in-Chief. ¦ Stung .by. enforced^ appreciation of the esteem in which
the public holds it, the Tournal now turns. in ; its pool of venom andjasks: ,'./•'.
. What good institution, what good'eause, has the Journal injured? ]
Has it assailed the state? ":'*"' '
Has it attacked the church? . •„. • , „
And the Journal then proceeds toask a question and to give its answer thus:
Shall it cease to fight for the common as against the privileged man, with brain and pen and artist's
pencil, with argument, cartoon; satire and all the legitimate weapons known to the literary soldier and the warrior
of art? •• <" • \ . '-. ;. - ; ' •
And the Journal answers itself in one word, "Hardly," and gives as reason for the answer that "the world has
not come to an end, nor the mighty, ever-living stream of American life been diverted from its course.". ? '
And because of that non-diversion — thank God for it! — the stream of condemnation of all men worthy the name
"oi American citizen, and worthy the heritages of American citizenship, is rising to the flood tide of generous indig
nation and qannot be stayed in its anger. . ' ¦ • « i - % j
What good institution, what cause has the Journal not injured? V . .
When has it not assailed the state in the person of its Chief Magistrate?
Was it not assailing the state when it pictured the Chief Magistrate of the Eepublic as all that was vile,
all that was imbecile, all that was merely a tool, forgetful of his oath, forgetful of his honor and forgetful of his
American citizenship and the trust reposed in him by the people?
Was it not an assailant of authority and an inciter of anarchy and bloodshed when it pictured the Pres
ident of the United States, with "white, fat hand," throwing from the window of the White Souse a ribband to
. the starving peasant with the inscription thereon, "The trusts can do no wrcng"P .
Was it not an assailant of law and. order, of a good,cause and of good institution when it declared, that
thereupon "an awful," bloody war would break out between. the Commander-in-Chief and the peasant"?
Was it not an assailant of good causes and institutions, of authority, and an assailant of the church
and of the state when it held up to the anarchists the example of Louis XVII, and the peasants of France, with
the King beheaded and the peasants all eating— and this in. the self -same article in /which it ; portrayed the
President bating, the peasant starving and the throwing of the ribband to - the peasant by "the white, tat hand"
of the murdered McKinley P
And with it all; with the blood from, the wounds of the dead President yet undried; with.the grief of the people
yet unassuaged, the New York Journal announces its determination to resume and' to continue the stream of ma
lignity against authority, of vituperation against the Chief Magistrate, and of malevolence against the ' state and
established institutions by the employment of
"Brain and pen and artist's pencil, with argument, cartoon and satire.'" . .
And by the Journal is the issue made up and a test of American- manhood and American citizenship is pre
sehted, and there can be no doubt of the result. \ ¦- , '
FEELING THE STING OF THE LASH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, SEPTEMBER; 30, 1901.
4The whole Jewish quarter in Mlelec has
been totally burned down and 1500 people
have become homeless.
Joseph Connelly became enraged at Ed
ward and Thomas Cummlngs last ! night
as his sister, Maggie, was talking to them
in - front of their home, 1359%- Minna
street. , The result was that both the Cum
mlngs received severe - gashes about the
arms. Connelly, who is supposed to have
done the cutting, made" his escape.' ¦ The
Cummings were treated ¦ for", their wounds
at the Railroad Hospital.
Two Brothers Stabbed.
Southern , Pacific direct line— limited
trains— personally conducted excursions.
$87 round trip. Choice of routes. Last
chance to see the great I Pan-American
Exposition. Lots of literature at Infor
mation Bureau and ticket office, 613 Mar
ket street. \ *¦¦;";
Liast Buffalo Excursions.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 29.— At a meeting
to-day of the strikers at Bay View who
still remain out it was voted to call out
those of the radical element who recently
went to work. It is said that about
thirty-five of the skilled workmen will
walk out to-morrow. The reason for the
course taken is said to be because the
Illinois Steel Company is not paying the
Amalgamated scale, which -was In force
when the men quit in a: body several
weeks ago.
grant the 5 per cent Increase . in wages
demanded recently.
The Shaw and Goodman families live
in Umatilla County, Oregon, thirteen miles
southwest of Walla Walla. The young
couple have known one another for many
years and for four years their friends
had considered them engaged. A few
weeks ago Goodman did or said some
thing which displeased Miss Shaw and
after that she treated him rather coolly.
The break finally came when he was in
formed that she no longer loved him.
Goodman entreated her not to Judge him
harshly and to give him another oppor
tunity to place himself aright. He visited
her on Friday evening to plead with her.
The girl had determined to inform him
at the outset that she could not alter her
decision. She did so and Goodman
promptly killed himself In her presence.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Sept 29.— "I
cannot live without you," declared Anson
Goodman on Friday night as he placed
a revolver to his temple and pulled the
trigger. He fell dead at the feet of his
sweetheart, Ella Shaw, who had just told
him that she no longer loved him and
could not become his wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Bept. 29.— The strike on the
South 61de elevated road was declared
practically off to-nlght Believing that
they would not be able to force officials
of the company to grant the concessions
demanded, members of the Employes'
Union began deserting the ranks of the
strikers early to-day and asking to be
reinstated. In most cases they were taken
back and placed on the extra list, under
those who had stepped in and taken their
places.
The strike leaders will not admit that
their forces are weakening. The company
moved trains during the day with little
difficulty.
A large Iron bar, which Is presumed to
bftVC been placed on the rails by strikers,
nearly caused a serious accident to one
of the trains to-night. The cars were
loaded to overflowing, and several per
sons were more or less Injured In the
panic that attended the smashup. The
motorman did not see the obstruction In
time to slop and the first two cars of the
train -were thrown from the track.
BOSTON, Sept. 29.— The strike of the
express drivers of the transportation
firms bids fair to cause serious complica
tions unless a speedy settlement is
reached. One more attempt to reach an
adjustment of the trouble will be made
to-morrow and in case of failure the offi
cers of the Transportation Trade Coun
cil, composed of freight clerks, truckmen
and general merchandise handlers, have
been empowered to call out every member
of their various organisations. This de
cision was reached to-day at a special
meeting of the Transportation Trades
°FALL RIVER. Mass., Sept. 29.— At a
meeting here to-day of the Textile Coun
cil at which every union in this city
was represented. It was unanimously
agreed to order a strike, effective Octo
ber 1, if the manufacturers refuse to
SAN JOSE, Sept. 29.— Light showers fell
this afternoon and evening, and the sky
Is still cloudy. Continued rain would do
much damage to wine and table grapes
and to hay still in the -field.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 29.— It was cloudy
all day In this vicinity and there was a
light shower about noon, but not much
rain fell. It sprinkled a little to-night,
but is clearing. No 'damage has been
done so far to crops in this vicinity.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 29.— It Is cool and
cloudy to-nlght, but' no rain fell up to 10
o'clock. « ¦
FRESNO, Sept. 29.— Rain commenced
falling at 9 o'clock . to-nlght . and con
ditions point to its continuance. It is
believed ¦ but little damage . will result. :
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 29.— There was ft
trace of rain during tho- early hours this
morning, and until 1 o'clock the weather
continued dark' and threatening. 1 , After
that hour, however, the clouds cleared
away to. some extent. The indications to
night are favorable for rain.
Indications Are Favor
.; able for Further ¦ '
•• Precipitation.
Trouble on Chicago Ele
vated Road Almost
at an End.
to Wed Loads to
Tragedy.
Oregon Girl's Refusal
VIEWS JILTED
LOVER'S SUICIDE
firmness four men, who were apparently
the ringleaders, •were arrested. They are
¦William Duggan, Peter Johnson, John
Smith and William Tate. They were
taken to the Hall of Justice and placed
on the detinue book. -All except Smith
are members of the Brotherhood of
Teamsters, the latter claiming to be a
member of the -Boxmakers' Union.
Specials Tell Straight Stories.
The specials who were fired upon tell
straight and circumstantial stories of the
attack made upon them. Captain Sey
mour questioned % each separately. To
him W. P. Rawley said:
There ¦was a party of five (of which I was
one) at the Thalia Theater on Turk street.
We left there about 1a.m. A number of men
left the dace at the same time and followed
us down the right-hand side of Market street
to Kearny. '. .
After we had turned on to Kearny street
and were about half a block from Market, and
on the east side of Kearny, we heard several
shots. "W. C. Beehler, one of our number,
said, "I think 1 am hit," and, putting his
liand on his ankle, said, "I am sure I am."
My friends then began shooting at the men
who wtre shooting at us and several police
officers came. "We had had no trouble with
the men nor did we know them.
J.-J. Bogan, a special police officer at
tached to Curtain's agency, and who was
detailed on one of Farnsworth, Ruggles
& Co.'s wagons, said: ;.-
While in the Thalia we were informed by
Grandall, one of our party, that a man had
spoken to him in the theater, and, pointing
TRACE OF RAIN
AT LOS ANGELES
While at the theater a young man whom I
know by sight asked me if those men were
specials, pointing to the table where my friends
were sitting. He-«ald: "We are going to fol
low those four specials" and wanted to know
If I was a striker. I told my friends what the
J. A. Grandall, who was sworn in as a
special on Saturday morning, being de
tailed for duty with Hooper & Co., said:
Grandall a New Special.
He told us to be quiet, but to defend our
selves If attacked. The officer came down as
far as Kearny street with us. About fifty
yards from Market street we crossed to the
east side of Kearny street. The -officer was
still standing at the- corner when we heard
a number of shots fired and Beehler said he
was shot. We then began shooting:, and the
policeman who was on the corner and who was
with U3 came running up to where we were.
I fired ten shots at the men who fired at us.
I did not know any of the men who attacked
us nor did I have any trouble with them.
out our party, said they were going to do up
the specials, pointing at us. 'When Grandall
told us this we started for home, and a num
ber of men in the theater followed us. On
Market Etreet we met a regular policeman and
told him about the men following us.
STRIKERS ASK
REINSTATEMENT
Officers Thomas Murphy and George
Doug-las arrived at this time and started
in to disperse the crowd. They used their
clubs effectively and drove many into
Geary street and others into Morton.
Captain Wittman came running down the
latter street, and although cautioned not
to gro into the affray succeeded in hold-
Ing the crowd at bay until other officers
came up. As a result of the captain's
Tillman tried to drive the crowd back when
the first ehota were fired In the vicinity of
O«ary Etreet at the men who were a few feet
beyond the corner. Somebody in the crowd
there may have been one or two— fired at Till
man. I felt something strike me In the leg
end I Kot out of the way as fait as I could,
but I eaw a number of men et&ndlng in the
street firing at the five men across the street,
who, until after I had been shot, had not fired.
All reports tend to show that the first
shots were fired by the strikers and their
sympathizers. The first attack made was
at LfOtta's fountain, where Officer Till
man made his stand. The five specials
and Rowley crossed to the east side of
.Kearny street, while the strikers scat
tered. Some advanced into the center of
Kearny street, at the Junction of Geary,
some ran up that street, and others
followed along the west side of Kearny
Weapons were discharged indiscrimi
nately on Geary street and at the Junc
tion of Market street, where Earl Ful
lington. the messenger boy. was struck
in tne leg by one of the bullets intended
for Police Officer Tillman. Then the tide
of battle waged northward until the^ spe
cials made a stand on Kearny street, di
rectly opposite Morton. Here the great
est damage was done and the course of
the bullets can be plainly seen.
In front of Harshall's tailor shop at IS
Kearny Etreet the specials began firing.
Their bullets shattered the window In
Raphael's clothing store and others land
ed in the windows of the wholesale de
partment of M. A. Gunst & Co. on Mor
ton street. The heaviest firing was di
rected toward the special officers. Brass
signs on the east side of the street show
many bullet holes. Mme. Pilger's sign,
a few doors below Harshall's place, is
punctured twice and holes can be found
in the door casements.
Two of Harshall's windows were de
stroyed and the brass sign in front of
his place gives evidence of a dozen more
bullets. Further up the street, in the
direction in which the specials retreated,
more signs show that the strikers shot to
kill, for few of their bullets ranged above
the height of an ordinary man's body,
although the majority went low. Many
struck the sidewalk.
Earl Fullington, 17 years of age, was
first wounded. He was standing in front
of the cigar store at the junction of Mar
ket and Geary streets when the attacked
party and Officer Tillman came along.
He saw the riot begin. Hetsays:
Strikers th.e Assailants.
Heretofore strikers have not been
known to gather in large numbers at the
underground resort on Turk street,
whence came the mob of rioters yester
day morning. The place was well chosen.
£or all classes of people are wont to con
gregate there, ana the word once passed
around that trouble was brewing would
soon lead to the gathering of many of
the toughest characters In the city.
Not alone was the battle fought on
Kearny street, but every point where a
striker could discharge a weapon, with-^
out regard to the course the bullet might
take, was utilized to carry terror to the
multitude and give an Impression to the
public of the "rights of the strikers."
Geary and Morton street buildings show
the wild course of the leaden messengers
of death, and shattered plate glass win
dows bear other and more visible evi
dences of the wild and reckless discharge
of firearms.
ers— teamsters, boxmakers, carpenters,
pallors and others affiliated with the City
Front Federation— and a brave band of
five men fighting for their lives. Windows
shattered, signs Indented, awnings ripped
and buildings furrowed with bullets were
the mute evidences of the latest riot that
darkens the pages of the history of San
Francisco. Fierce and rapid was -the
fusillade, and that many were not killed
end more eeriously wounded was prob
ably due to the Inefficiency of the
weapons carried by the assaulting
etrikera.
KEARNY STREET. between
Market and Post streets, bore
even' evidence yesterday of
the terrible battle fought in the
early hours of the morning be
tween a horde of crazed strik-
Assailed Men Give to Po
lice Their Versions
of Attack.
Windows Are Broken and
Signs Damaged by
Stray Bullets.
EVIDENCES
OF BATTLE
ARE PLAIN
CHIEF OF POLICE PRAISES SPECIAL OFFICERS FOR GALLANT
DEFENSE AGAINST RIOTING STRIKERS IN CORNING HOURS
CITY MUST
PAY.FOR ALL
THE DAMAGE
Strikers Not Financially
Able to Meet Loss
Inflicted.
All Wounded Men Are
Said to Be on Road
to Recovery.
I AM highly pleased with the stand
taken by the special officers this
morning," said Chief of Police Sulli
van yesterday. "It shows that some
of them are made of the right stuff
and will resist attack. Since the pa-
trol has been established on the water
front, none of the union pickets will dare
venture out after dusk. We have there
fore redoubled our energies In other di
rections. _,We hardly expected that the
strikers would carry their rioting right
into the heart of the city, but they did.
They did not catch us napping, however,
and at the sound of the first pistol shot
officers were hurrying from every direc
tion: It is to be regretted that we did not
have enough officers to surround the dis
trict and prevent the escape of any of the
strikers in the assailing party. This riot
can only be laid at the feet of one man-
Father Yorke."
A blackjack was the only weapon found
by the police when the riot district was
visited yesterday morning. As none of the
men arrested had weapons on them when
searched at the Hall of Justice it is sub
posed they passed them to confederates in
the crowd. The police are investigating
a report that two wounded strikers were
carried down Annie street after the shoot-
Ing, but no trace of them could be found.
Thousands of "people viewed the scene
of the riot yesterday and put their fin
gers in the shattered windows and felt
the bullet holes in the signs. One ques
tion that none could solve was as to
who would be responsible for the* dam
age. ..
Damage to Buildings.
Careful estimates place the loss in plate
glass alone at over $300. Then there is
the damage to sign3 and buildings, awn
ings, etc. It is a well-understood propo
sition that when a riot occurs in a city
the municipal government i3 responsible.
A claim " made against the Brotherhood
of Teamsters, whose members formed a
majority of the rioters, would be futile,
for it is a well-known fact in strike cir
cles that its treasury is depleted. The
matter would therefore come back on the
city, even though the police did every
thing in their power to disperse the crowd
and prevent bloodshed and damage.
Further investigations by the police
seem to indicate that Ward Miller, tha
only man who was seriously injured, was
the man who fired the shot at short
range at Officer Tillman. Miller is de
tained at the Receiving Hospital and at
a late hour was on the way to recovery.
He will not be released until his ante
cedents are inquired into and he gives a
plausible excuse for his presence among
the rioters.
The other wounded men were dis
charged from the Receiving Hospital yes
terday. Young Fullington was the last
to be removed. He was sent to his room.
502 Turk street, late in the afternoon.
" Governor Gage, who has been in tha
city during the past few days, was aa
interested observer yesterday afternoon
of the damage caused by the rioters- .
THE SAN J? KAN (JISCO CALL, /MONDAY* SEFTEMJititi 30, 1901.
According to thn Pester - Lloyd, 15.000
Roumanian' Jews will this year be assisted
to emigrate to Canada. .
Goodness may wln^ gold, " but gold will
never win goodness.
Henry E. 1 Highton, the well known at
torney of this city, will speak on the late
President McKinley this evening in Christ
Church, San Jose. In addition to Mr'
Highton's address there will be a select
musical programme rendered. /'¦ •
Will Speak on Late President.
J. H. Thlerlnger. 30 years of age, a bar
tender,'committed suicide last night by
hanging himself to the post of a bed in a
room of a lodging house at. the corner
of Grant avenue jind Bush street. Thler
lnger has been out of regular 'employment
for some time and It is thought he com
mitted suicide while" in a despondent
mood.. He. was found, hanging to the bed
post by a waist" belt.
Bartender Hangs Himself.
The first Hungarian Mutual Aid Society
decided at . Its last regular meeting to
drape its charter, for thirty days in
memory of the late- President. William
McKinley. The society also passed resolu
tions of condolence.
Hungarians -Honor Martyr.
. Redmond describes the man who shot
him as being- clean shaved and wearing
a soft hat and light overcoat.
A dispute between four men resulted in
the shooting of Warren Redmond at the
Four Mile House -on the Mission road at
8 o'clock. last night. Redmond appeared
at St.' Luke's Hospital soon after the
shooting in charge of Officer G.- A. Woll
weber. The bullet that penetrated Red
mond's leg was ¦ extracted without 'diffi
culty and he was sent to his home.
•' Redmond states that he and a compan
ion were walking along; the road when
they were overtaken by a buggy in which
were, two men. The occupants of the ve
hicle began an argument with Redmond,
who resented certain statements.' with tho
remit that one ; of the men in the buggy
drew a revolver and fired. The buggy, waa
then headed for town, and when last seen
was being driven at high speed along San
Jose avenue. -
To j go . to \ Lake „ Tahoe on the Southern
Pacific daylight special Saturday, October
5. Weather never finer, fishing never
better, mountains and lake never lovelier.
Register at x Information Bureau, 613
Market street. •. -> '
This Monday Morning: Make Up Your
Mind :
DISPUTE ON HIGHWAY \,
, ENDS IN" A SHOOTING
To-morrow the . property will be • trans
ferred by deed from Mary E. Staples to
Samuel Moreland, president of the build
ing site. committee, and on Tuesday even
ilng the deed will be presented by Judge
Hyland to William Nichols. Grand Master
of the State of California, j
Of the 116,000 required for the purchase
of the White tract all but $1700 has been
raised. ¦ The three local lodges will borrow
this sum on promissory notes j to-morrow
morning, in : order to have the deed pass
in their, own name at 11 o'clock.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2O.-The Odd Fellows
of Santa Clara. County will on Tuesday
evening present to the Grand Lodge of tho
State of California, Independent Order of
Odd Fellows, a deed to the White tract of
103 acres on the Alum Rock road, on which
to erect a home for the aged and Indigent
members of the order. The building will
cost $30,000, and the work of construction
will be commenced early in the coming
year. , ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 29.— When Dr.
Hugh Beattle of Elk Grove, eight miles
south of this city, entered his office
shortly after midnight last night, he was
faced by three burglars, who at once
drew revolvers and fired several shots at
him. Dr. Beattle retreated and the bur
glars left the office, and, with three com
panions who were outside, fled.
Dr. Beattie aroused the - neighborhood.
A posse was quickly formed, and the
gang was surrounded and captured with
in, the hour. They gave the names of
Thomas Magulre, James Cooley, James
Murphy, James Monroe,. Frank Smith,
John B. Lee and Charles Williams. They
are now in jail here.
On the men were found three revolvers,
two dozen pocketknives, three razors and
two dozen cheap watch chains. The sup
position is that they recently robbed a
store near Redding or Red Bluff.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 29.— The annual
Inspection tour of tho board of managers
of the National Soldiers' Homes was com
pleted t'o-day with the Inspection of the
national homo in this city. General Me-
Mahon and. his fellow members left Xor
their several homes to-night. General
McMahon, speaking of the board, said: ¦
"The board has decided t6 maintain
canteens at all the homes for the good
and sufficient reason that experience has
taught us that it is better for the veteran
and. for the people In the community In
which the homes are located. . -
¦ "The canteens are properly . conducted
at these sol/Hers' homes and the result is
that the veterans do not squander their
money in cheap saloons, nor do they drink
too much. What is more, I do not be
lieve any of the pressure will be brought
to bear on us in favor of abolition of the
canteen."
Managers of Soldiers'
• Homes Favor Pres
ent System.
Ready to Transfer Site
for Home for Aged
Members.
Target for Volley of
Bullets.
Elk Grove Physician the
SAN JOSE ODD
FELLOWS HftPPY
VETERANS WILL
HAVE CANTEENS
John Jacobson, a non-union workman
living at Fourth and Howard streets,
was assaulted by three strikers at Third
and Howard streets while on his way to
the dock at 6 o'clock yesterday morning.
He was treated at the Emergency Hos
pital for several lacerations upon the
face and scalp.
Non-Union Han Assaulted.
FINDS BURGLARS
IN HIS OFFICE
Ruggles & Co., made a statement similar
in effect to the foregoing. .„
: Orders Specials Released.
Detectives Wren and Crockett arrested
the four special officers. As soon as they
made their statements they were released
by order of Captain Wittman. They re
turned at once to the International Hotel
man had said and we left the theater to so
home. Meeting a policeman about one and a
half blocks from the Thalia we told him and
pointed out the crowd. The officer went with
us to Kearny street. We were half a block
on Kearny street when he heard eight or ten
shots fired at us. We then began shooting
back at them. I fired six shots. I do not
know the men who shot at us.
L. A. Ducote, also with Farnsworth,
BATTLE ON KEARNT STREET. EARLY SUNDAY MORNING, WHEN
\\ , FIVE SPECIALS WERE ATTACKED BY A LARGE BODY OF STRIK
ERS. THE PICTURES ARE THOSE. OF THE PERSONS WOUNDED.
That the crisis has been nearly reached
all draymen agree. It Is generally be
lieved that a break is a question of a few
days only, and that_the increase in vio
lence precipitates rather that retards
that result. >
A prominent drayman said yesterday
that the destitution among the teamsters
was so great that it is now a question of
going back to work or starving. The
men have grown exceedingly restive un
der the long strain, and according to au
thentic information they were willing to
quit the fight. Were it not for the fear
of inviting trouble at the' hands of their
fellow-strikers a large per cent of the
teamsters would go to work to-morrow.
The developments in the teamsters*
strike this week will be watched with in
terest by the draymen. There were signs
of a decided break among the fruit team
sters last week, and the Indications.yes
terday were that the discontent among
the fraternity was increasing to the point
that definite action on an important scale
would develop before Wednesday.
Belief -That Teamsters' Strike Will
• • ¦• Collapse This Week.
DRAYMEN" ARE CONFIDENT.
Of those injured during the night, but
one," Ward Miller, is in a precarious con
dition. He is at the Receiving Hospital
and is being attended by his wife and
mother. He is about 25 years of age «nd
a carpenter." He lives at 822 Howard
street, and claims to have been on his 1
way home. As a bullet pierced his lung,
the physicians at the Receiving Hospital
declined to permit him to talk. -
Patrick Sullivan, employed by the Over
land Freight and Transfer Company, who
was found at the corner of Market and
Geary streets about 1 o'clock yesterday
morning, was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital. He had been' struck on the face
and was unable to see. He said that
eight men had attacked him at the corner
of Third and Market streets. He was
later sent to the City and County Hos
pital. . \ • ¦•¦•• • ' " . o
and remained there throughout^ the day.
Beehler was suffering greatly with the
wound in his leg, the bone having been
shattered. He said he was glad he es
caped without more serious injuries.
Each one of the strikers arrested is loud
in his protestations of innocence. One
admits that he was in the Thalia, but
says he was thrown out because he was
drunk. The others claim that they were
going in different directions, but happened
to meet in the proximity of the shooting,
being attracted by the noise. They will
be held .until they are able to prove they
had no part in the riot.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mellin's
Food
has become the
standard, be-
cause it is a real
food— a food that
feeds.
// costs you nothing — our boot, *
"Mellin's Food Babies."
Mellin's Food Co.. Boston. Ma«.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BBNITO CO.
We offer some atock for sale In thla m'r.? at
S0o per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be u«ed for devel-"\
opment and to build a furnace, which will Im-
mediately enhance th« value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acre* of
lanl with bulldlncs and machinery. We want
you to *«ee this mine. The stock in th« Stiver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to %i p«r
share and la all sold and Issued and will pay
a dividend In a short time.
II. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager,
7 North Market St.. Ban Jose. Cut.
Prospectus and Kxhlbtt at Branch Office,
413 KEARNY 8TBBKT. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITA8. Agent.
BAD WAT'S READY R£L1EF has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO yean as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rehumatlam. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Palaa. All dnijutue
0 Cj <_x i O <j T"j <~fc "Hit Tfc s~A T[l r Hj 0
1 visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat|J
JMUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
\ Of Tho L**C**t Anatomical Museum In the \
m — -A>»». World - W**knest<* or any contracted m
Y QBrKw *«M'e p««HI»rl7«r*4 h» the oldeit f
fl§j£?5 DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
¦ CS^fl Convilwtton free »nd Mtictly prhrate. \
i J Owt H Tr "»" nent personally or by letier. A a
I ]/Tk(f Pontni Curt in every ease umlcrtak en. T
P '/ 11 «* w '"« '<" "¦¦"*• PBILOKOPB Y or A
I |f llV ¦tnaueit, mailso fuhk. (at
A " y, rateable book for mra) \
Da JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialist. Disease teSttf %
and ¦weakness ot 1&§&j <
men. Established Y^n /**"9|'^S
18SL Consultation \u*3B *3WJ p*
and private • book %y«J, t \
tree, at offlca or by -^tSSj.- j*afi& * -
calL Cures guar- ftS^^I
•anteed- 731 Mar- ix535*3f^ »
ket street (eleva- jBSS7^<£§&u3^
tor entrance). San
Francisco. .*.' i * .THE CENTRAL AMERICA— S. D. City.
The steamer Central America, formerly
the George Law. left Asplnwall via
Havana for New York with a large num
ber of , passengers, mostly Californlans
who were returning home, and with J2,
000.000 in . treasure. . When off Cape Hat
teras. on the llth of September. 1857. she
was- struck by a gale and j foundered.
Four hundred and nineteen passengers
were lost and 173 rescued, including . all
the women and children. The news of the
loss of the vessel did not reach San Fran
cisco 1 until the 22d of October following.
YACHTING-A. S., City. Yatchlng as
a sport in England dates back to the time
of Charles II. He won s the first reported
race between yachts on the Thames, as
appears from the following from the diary
of Samuel Pepys: "October 1, 1661— Yacht
race between Charles II and his brothe-.
the Duke of York, for 100 guineas; sailing
match from Greenwich to Gravesend and
back. The King won."
FAMILY MATTERS-F. S.. City. The
questions asked are purely, with two ex
ceptions, private family matters which
this department has no right to Inquire
Into for the purpose of satisfying curi
osity of any individual. You are at lib
erty to write to the party named, but tho
chances are that the reply will be that
It is none of your business.
THE AMERICA'S " CUP RECORDED"
City. The record of races for the America's
cup, together with the time of winner,
was published in Tho Call of October 16.
1899. That includes every race from the
first to the one preceding the present one.
CATHOLIC ASYLUM— A. O. S.. City.
The Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum of
San Francisco at one time stood on a
part of- the site now occupied by the Pal
ace Hotel. It faced on Market street, be
tween Second and Annie.
CUSTOM-HOUSE-S., City. It is
claimed that the Custom-house in New
Orleans, La., is the largest in the world.
It contains 111 rooms, was commenced In
18-18 and was not completed until thirty
years later. It cost J4.9OO.0OO.
DATE LINE— M. B.. City. The reason
that the date line from which all nations
reckon longitude is "crooked and not
straight" Is because all nations do not
take longitude from the same meridian.
LANDS IN TWO STATES-For the in
formation desired about desert land in
California and Colorado direct a letter of
inquiry to the General Land Office, Wash
ington, D. C.
PANAMA WEATHER— Santa. City.
Panama has wet and dry seasons, the
former lasting from May to December.
July, August and September are the hot
test months.
The good, faithful and patriotic work
being done for the people of this State
as well as for the nation by the San
Francisco Call cannot be overestimated
or overappreciated by the people of Cal
ifornia. The. Call stands square up for
law,' order and decency and counts not the
cost to itself In doing it. The Call is fast
gaining a high place in the esteem of the
public for its bold, fearless and trua
Americanism and it should find a wel
come place in every well-regulated home.
Hurrah for The Call!
A Kindly Opinion.
From the "Windsor (Cal.) Herald, Sept. 28.
Dr. Oscar J. ¦ Mayer, a medical prac
titioner who has been absent from this
city for .two years, has returned and Is
registered at the Pal&ce.
W. -Murnn and his son, H. Hamilton
Murfin, who are connected with a leading
railroad in Sheffield, England, are regis
tered at the. California.
Captain George McCluskey of the New-
York Police Department left yesterday
for his home after a prolonged visit to
this coasts
*O» W. McMurran, special correspondent
fo? an Eastern magazine, is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife and son.
Edward N. Camp, a- Chicago capitalist
who is largely Interested J In Oregon
mining properties, is at the Palace.
Samuel S. Dennis, an official of the
Pennsylvania Railroad, la registered at
the Palace from Lakewood, N. J.
Dr. F. T3. Cannell of o Chicago.is a guest
at the Palace. • .-
E. B. Waterman; an attorney of Bak
ersfleld, is at the Grand.
T. B. Rickey, a. lumber man of Carson,
is staying at the Palace.
John Fennell.'a landowner of Tehama
County, is at the Palace.
W. T. Porter, a Fresno merchant, is a
late arrival at the California. .
George Myers, a business man of Fres
no, is at the Lick for a brief stay.
Ludwig Brcfeld, an attorney of Berlin,
is one of the arrivals at the Grand.
" 'Elizabeth' the letter writer, of coura*.
The mania seems ta run in the family.
Wr.'ro now getting her mothers let era.
and I am wondering where it will all
emu"- Chicago Post.
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
"I've been speculating," he replied, "on
the size of the family to which 'Ellza
btth* belonged."
"'Elizabeth'?" she repeated. "Wbat
•Kllzabeth'?" . i'-
"Something seems to trouble you/* tha
said as he dropped tho book publisher'*
announcement. "What is it?"
Philosophical Gentleman — Conductor,
please keep that window open till one of
these ladles dies: then shut It and give
tho other an opportunity to quit this vale
of tears.— Tld Bits.
First Lady Passenger— If that window
Isn't opened this minute I know I shall
die.
Second Ditto— Who opened that window?
If it is not shut I shall die. I'm sure.
Passenger (mnnlng to the barrler)-
Guard. have I time to say good-by to my
wife?
Guard— I don't know. sir. How lon«
have you been married ?-London An-
Willie— So you asked for her hand la»f
night?
Phillle-Yes.
"What luck?"
"I got the next thing to It— « cuff."—
Yonkers Statesman.
What did you aay the sinking fund
was for?" asked the new director of tha
treasury.
"To meet the floating debt," replied the
latter.— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
Teacher— Johnny, who were the 600 re
ferred to in the line: "Into the Jaws of
death rode the 600?"
Johnny — Why. er— ah— oh— why— they
were dentists.— Baltimore American.
Sarah Bernhardt says 'the idea of her
playing Romeo to Maud Adams' Juliet
was a Joke. Only half a Joke. It is ad
mitted that Maud Adams can play Juliet.
—Louisville Courier-Juornal.
"Who wrote the song, *Where Did y/o«
Get That Hat?' "
"I don't know, but it must have been
a verse-a-tile man."— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph.
B. Glnner— What Is the regulation rolf
ball? -J
SInnickson— The regulation golf bawl \a/
"Fore!"— Catholic Standard.
A PHILADELPHIA BRIDGE— Santa.
City. The length of the bridge across the
Schuylkill River at Walnut street, Phila
delphia, is 3756 7-10 feet.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PERSONAL ."MENTION.
TEN torpedo-boat destroyers of 350 tons were ordered in
the beginning of 1899 from the Nevskl yard at St. Peters
burg, but only two have been launched to date. The
boats put overboard are the Akula and the Bulchk; the
others will, be named Makrel, Nallm, \Okum, Plotva,
Pcskar, Kcta, Paikas and Slg. • • ' ]
:'..'¦'. ,. . ¦ •"«'¦.«
Detailed accounts of the sinking of the German torpedo
gunboat Wacht in the Baltic on September 4 -was a case which
will no doubt be serious to the commanding officer. The steer
ing gear of the Wacht had become disabled during the maneu
vers and the vessel was being navigated by an emergency ap
paratus when the collision with the Sachaen took place. The
Wacht was rammed between the engine room and another
compartment, destroy ing. the bulkhead between the two com
partments. All of the crew sprang overboard, only the captain,
first officer and the chief engineer remaining with the ship.
The vessel sank In twenty-two minutes In twenty-flve fathoms
and the Sachscn proceeded to Danzig for repairs. '¦ .
' , •=•..*¦--.
One of the most efficient war vessels employed during the
last three years in the Philippines is the Laguna de Bay, a
.small sidewheel steamer, only 120 feet in length and drawing
three feet of water. She was purchased by the "War Depart
ment and went into commission January, 1899, with a comple
ment of eighty officers and men. Her armament consisted of
two 3-inch, two 1.65-inch Hotchkiss, four Gatlings and one Colt
automatic gun. The boat was recently "sold at public auction
for $2000. Her service record shows that she was in .ninety
three fights^ and eleven engagements, in which she had four
men killed and fifteen .or sixteen wounded.
•" •'¦.*- •"•
A Swedish. naval officer has proposed the plan of a sub
marine battery a*s a° means" to close narrow straits and inlets
to "hostile vessels. His ideajs to mount a tube on a founda
tion some inches under water from which tube pneumatic tor
pedoes may be discharged. The foundation serves as a mag
azine for projectiles, and the battery Is worked from any point
on shore like other submarine mines. The tube is movable
horizontally within an angle" of 90 degrees.
• ,. • = . • . • °
°The failure of the steam trials of the Jeanne d'Arc were
• » •
A submarine boat is being built for the Argentine navy for
which the usual claim is made that "it will revolutionize naval
warfare."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
• • •
Russia has ordered thirty Creusot guns for her new battle
ships. Their caliber is not given, but as they have a range
of' twelve miles they are probably 11-lnch.
, • • •
An armor plate weighing 15.4 tons and 8.8 Inches thick was
recently tried in England. Three rounds of 380-pound sheila
were fired from a 9.2 Inch gun. The shells broke up, only
slightly flaking the plate at impact.
The Danish coast defense ship Herluf Trolle, of 4200 tons,
has made a successful trial, making: a speed of 15.65 knots with
4339 horsepower and 14.6 with 3170 horsepower. The design
called for 4200 horsepower and 15 knots.
• • •
111 luck appears to follow vessels in the British navy named
after reptiles. Four Vipers have been wrecked ia home waters,
three Lizards,, two Snakes, two Dragons and one each of Alli
gators, Adders, Crocodiles, Rattlesnakes and Basilisks.
• • •
Of the 22,119 sailors and others In the Austrian navy, 3049
are Germans. 1373 Magyars, 1463 Czechs, 119 Slovacks, 463 Poles,
523 Slavs, 8721 Servian Qroata, 12 Bulgarians, 30 Roumanians
and 6263 Italians. There are 103 whose nationality is not stated.
chiefly due to the unbearable heat In the boiler room, and Im
provements will be made to overcome this defect. Screens will
be placed In front of the boilers to protect the firemen against
the flames, which shot out whenever the ship was groins at a.
high rate of speed. Similar Improvements are also to be In- 1
troduced on board another new armored cruiser— the Jurlen da j
la Oravlere.
' • • •
Two battleships have been laid down In German shipyards —
one at the Schlchau yard, Danzig, the other at the Germania
yard at Kiel. They are of 13,000 tons displacement— the largest
ships yet built for the German navy— and will carry very
heavy batteries, consisting of four 11-lncn and eighteen 6.7-lnch
quick-firers. Each of the ll-inch guns can fire & shot at Inter
vals of 90 seconds. .
Ten Torpedo- Boat Destroyers Are Being Built for Russia and Two Battleships Are in
: ¦¦'••v ; .\ '-f-iX/Z':'.' . ;• Course of Construction for Germany.
PROSPERITY EVERYWHERE.
BECAUSE the Bohemian Club ordered the. Examiner off the club files apd out
of the clubrooms, Hearst has attacked the club by asserting that a suit for
divorce in this .city owes. its origin. to the fact that the husband in the case
was led to neglect and to ill treat his wife by reason of his association with "dis
solute" members of the club. That lie was refuted yesterday by a statement of the at
torney for the lady and its publication was characterized^ by him as "a dirty trick."
Because The Call, as a part of its business as a legitimate journal furnishing the
public with the news of the day, reports the various expressions of popular indignation
against the yellow journals,' the Examiner has sought to convey the impression that The
Call commended Emma Goldman and her teachings when she was in this city in 1898.
That lie also was refuted yesterday by the republication in The Call of the Goldman inter
view, which the Examiner garbled, and of the editorial on the day following,- in which
anarchy was denounced and the immorality of its teachers exposed by The Call. That
lie of the Examiner then may also be characterized as a dirty trick of the same kind as
the assault on the Bohemian Club. .
The two instances are recalled because they give notice to the public of the methods
by which Hearst will endeavor to retaliate on those who condemn him and his journals.
It will be well for the people to bear them in mind, for there is no telling who will be the 1
next victim of a dirty trick.
The Examiner and the other Hearst journals will have no lack of judges upon
whom to turn their yellow malignancy. Here are some of the judgments that, have
been pronounced upon Hearst and his papers in the East and in the West:
The New York Sun meets the defense published by Hearst in the New York
Journal by saying: "This shameless publication would, have it believed that the impres
sive and destructive condemnation of it which the outraged and indignant American
public has expressed through the reputable press is in fact mere newspaper attack upon it
because of jealousy cf its superior enterprise and novelty. * * * The utter perver
sion of the thing known as yellow journalism was never shown more conclusively or of
fensively than in this hypocritical pretense to exalted motives in connection with other
ends as a cloak to complicity in a crime that has shocked the country."
The New York Post says: "The real offense of yellow journalism is not so much
that it holds a public man U P to undeserved ridicule, or visits upon him censure which he
does not deserve, as that its pervading spirit is one of vulgarity/ indecency, .and .reckless
sensationalism; that it steadily violates the canons alike of good taste and sound morals;
that it cultivates false standards of life and demoralizes its, readers; that it recklessly '.uses
language that may incite the crack-brained to lawlessness; that its net influence makes
the world worse. . A force working to such ends ought surely to be restrained, and public
opinion ought to be brought to bear a'gainst it in the most effective possible- ways." ' /"
The press of California, where .Hearst's methods of, journalism have been paraded
in the Examiner, are as vigorous in condemning him as those of New York, where he is
known by the Journal, and those of Chicago, where he is known by the American. ".
The Los Angeles Express says: "Herr Most has' uttered nothing worse in ;his
viperous den than. has the New York Journal, and Emma Goldman's wicked appeals
from the curbstone have scarcely equaled the editorial ravings of Hearst's Chicago Amer
ican." ... ' , • " : .'¦.; " .' •¦.
The Alameda Argus, after quoting a specimen of the editorials of the Hearst pa-
pers, says: "Anybody who might think this an extract from one of Emma Goldman's
speeches would be mistaken. It is a part of a Hearst editorial which appeared in the New
York Journal barely two months before the President was shot. Is it any wonder that
the people are aroused from one side of the country to the other?" • .. ¦¦
The Santa Clara Journal gives warning to the Examiner in the statement: "There
is a limit to the anarchist teachings of the Hearst papers that will yet cause trouble tp its
proprietor if he fails to observe it." _' • ¦ ..'•.".: -
The Mail of Woodland, in describing the tone of public sentiment on the subject,
says: "The feeling against the Examiner is very strong. While going to the city the
othfcr day we met the newsboy after he had passed through three cars on receiving his
morning papers and were unable to obtain a Call or a Chronicle from him, he having
sold; them all. \ He had a large bundle of Examiners, but was only able to dispose pf
three in the car we were seated in. The people absolutely refused to purchase that
paper and deferred reading the morning news until they arrived in the city."
The Petaluma Argus says of Hearst's three' pipers: /"The 1 opinion very" largely
prevails that these papers are justly condemned for their vituperative, false and malicious
attacks upon Mr. McKinley and the party he so fully and grandly represented. There
seemed to be nothing too severe, nothing tob slimy, false or vituperative for these papers
to hurl at an innocent man', even to the most hatred-breathing epithets and charges
that a vile heart could conceive or pen or tongue could utter .or. express." • ¦ .• *
The Los Angeles Times says: "The Hearst papers were indecently insulting to
the late chief magistrate and his administration, and more or less so to everything that
stood for law and order. It is entirely proper and fitting that those American citizens
who believe in the maintenance of law and order, who believe- in respectability and de
cency and fairness, should show, their indignation and contempt against these miserable
gutter sheets which pander to the baser passions of . human nature and are to a great
extent responsible for the spread of that spirit of anarchy which found- its latest vent in
the cowardly assassination of the late President." . „ .
The Humboldt Standard says: "Such papers as Hearst's Examiner, "Journal, and
Chicago American have reeked with anarchistic rot, foul detraction and cruel calumny
directed at the very man whom Czolgosz slew. The Examiner even went so far as to
suggest the assassination of McKinley after the assassination of Governor Goebel of Ken
tucky." /, ; ° : «' .
Here are further expressions from the East: ' ° „ '
The Philadelphia Sunday Item says: "That abusive and licentious journalism was
largely responsible for the President's assassination is evident to all thinking persons. The
fact that the New York Journal was flooding the land with vile cartoons, deriding and
belittling President McKinley doubtless caused those who favor war with all govern
ments to believe that a large section of the American people were bitterly hostile to him.
It is natural to suppose that their meeting places were plastered with these' cartoons and
that the spirit they breathed made the leaders of the assassination conspiracy! believe that
the time was ripe to strike the blow."
The Chicago Journal, in reviewing the defense made by Hearst's paper in that city,
the American, says: "Hearst has' been a fomenter of strife; a stirrer up of class hatreds, a
breeder of anarchy. Even anarchists like Johann Most place the burden of the crime of
Czolgosz on Hearst's yellow journals. By. their fruits ye shall know them, and no de
fense at this late day will be able to clear this unscrupulous, reckless and mischief-makin°
man from this great and terrible responsibility." -. 0 • , .
The New York Press, as an illustration of what Hearst has done to promote
anarchy, prints this from tho New York Evening Journal of May 22, 1901:
"What is an anarchist? . :',
"According to accepted definitions issued by the higher class of society an an
archist is one who tries to do something useful that has never been done before.
"There is a change coming some day, whether the gentlemen who denounce char
ity as anarchy want the change or not."
Upon that statement no comment is needed. The Press gave none and neither
shall we. It stands as Hearst published it. .
BUSINESS was not very eventful last week, but
the showing was good. The bank clearings
of the country exhibited a gain of 49.3 per cent
over the corresponding week last year, and what was
significant, every large city recorded an increase. In
deed, of the eighty cities and towns reporting weekly
bank clearings, only ten showed a loss as compared
with 1900. If this does not indicate a general expan
sion of business throughout the country nothing
does. The gains among the first-class cities were
large, New York -heading the list with one of 63.9
per cent, Chicago showing 25, Boston 57, St. Louis
49, Pittsburg 46, and so on. The failures, however,
continued to run ahead of those last year in point of
numbers, those fcr the week being 227, against 205,
but none of them were sufficiently large to attract
attention.
The distributive trade, as will be inferred from the
increased clearings, is everywhere good. This con
dition, thcugh general, is more pronounced in the
West and South than along the Atlantic Coast,
though the latter section reports an increased retail
demand. Dry goods are quoted quieter at many
points, but this is offset by a larger distribution of
clothing and boots and shoes.
The settlement of the steel strike, as was expected,
has resulted in a marked increase in business in this
line, and the demand for almost everything is brisk.
The inquiry for steel rails is breaking previous
records, and is so sharp that the amount of old orders
to be carried over for delivery into next year is esti
mated at from 250,000 to 400,000 tons. Some Chicago
mills have orders for general steel products booked as
far ahead as the close of 1902. This abnormal busi
ness is hardening*prices, and a number of descriptions
have advanced during the week.
Cotton goods are still unsettled, owing to the weak
ness in raw cotton, but the mills are evidently not
losing money, for several have advanced the wages of
operatives. Hides rule firm in sympathy with leather,
which is in demand, both for export and domestic
consumption. Wool and woolen goods are in fair de
mand and firm, without especial feature.
The cereal markets are quiet. Wheat shows little
fluctuation either way, as the best estimates indicate
a world's crop slightly in excess of the normal con
sumption, hence operators at the leading markets do
not look for much variation in prices until conditions
change. Provisions have been unsettled at Chicago
and other Western points, and while the tendency in
quotations has been upward of late it is now reported
by private wire that the strength has become some
what fictitious, and that the market is being held up
by the large packers, and whenever they relax their
support it immediately weakens.
Wall street has been quieter. A flurry in copper
shares enlivened the street for several days, but
beyond this there is little excitement Fluctuations in
all classes of securities are narrower than for some
little time back, and there is no change in the money
market sufficient to create any especial activity, one
way or the other.
In our local market conditions remain pretty much
the same. The wearing out of the strike is eas
ing up matters, though the improvement is grad
ual. ' Goods are being moved with greater freedom
and in larger volume, however, and the situation is
much clearer than a month or even a fortnight ago.
Country produce is still selling well at good prices,
and the outlook is for another prosperous winter.
In a few days San Francisco will be called upon to
welcome another distinguished body of men and
women. The men will represent the highest thought
in the Episcopal Church in almost every civilized land
under the sun. It goes without saying that San Fran
cisco will extend to her visitors a welcome as gen
erous and as broad 23 it has given to the thousands
of other distinguished visitors who have honored us
with their presence.
From the frequency with j which Southern news
papers point with pride to' the fact that Roosevelt's
mother was a Georgian, itVould seem that there may
arise a^Roosevelt. party in that section that will make
Democracy look like thirty cents at the next election.
The report that President Roosevelt said he would
not be a candidate in 1964 has now been denied, and
all aspirants who thought of putting up rods to
attract Presidential > lightning will of course , take
notice without further warning.
Logan E. Bleckley, who for many years was Chief
Justice of Georgia, lias entered the State University
as a student and will enjoy his retirement in* study,
provided the. student body doesn't induce him some
day to act as umpire" to a football' game and use
An international peace conference, which was in
session at Glasgow at the time of the assassination of
President McKinley, closed its proceedings by
adopting a resolution urging the civilized nations to
"put an end to international anarchy and convert the
money now expended in armaments to the uses of
commerce and industry." The curious use of the
word anarchy will be noted. It is going to be so after
a while that a man cannot swear at a dog without
calling him an anarchist.
It will be some time before • the yellow -journals
will show; that color again, for they are getting^such
an. amount of kicking from patriotic .citizens that
they will be black and blue for months to come.
NOTES OF THE PROGRESS IN THE UPBUILDING
OF THE NAVIES OF THE POWERS OF THE WORLD
They got four months of idleness, during which, to nurse
their discontent; four months of oratory from the sleek and
well fed "walking delegate," who rides in Pullman cars; four
months eating into the little nest egg laid away for a rainy
day; four months of picket duty, trying to keep their fellow
workman from earning an honest living and winning his bread
by honest toll, so that he could go home at night to his wife
and little, ones every inch a ' man and share with them, the
fruits of honest toll; four months living on a pittance doled
out in meager sums by the sleek, fat hands of the officers of
the union, who toil not, neither do they spin; four months of
either prowling, pantherlike, -at night and springing, catlike,
on their brother workman and brutally beating him into in
sensibility for no other crime than that he tried to earn his
bread by honest toll, or else trying to explain that the union
In whose interest these crimes were committed was not re
sponsible for their commission; four months' resistance
to law and authority; four months' business drifting to other,
cities not so thoroughly ° supplied with the .Vblesslngs" of
unionism; four months* prosperity turned into depression /and
ruin, the fruits of which, if preserved, would have been shared
to the full by evWy man on strike for principle— fruit blighted
in the bud and withered in the blossom; four months to ac-
The larders of the workmen were filled with the comforts
of life; the little ones were well clothed, well fed, well schooled
and happy. They felt that it was but Just that they share to
a still greater extent in the results of prosperity and de
manded ten hours' pay for nine hours' work. Or, to put it
more plainly, they demanded that their employers give them,
either from- their capital or their earnings, one hour's pay each
day without giving an equivalent in work or anything else.
This demand would have been conceded to the workmen and
they; could have reaped to this extent where they had not
sown. Did they stop there? No. They demanded the privi
lege of running their employers' business and forcing their
brother workmen to join the union and contribute to Its sup
port or else remain Idle and starve.
•. . Did they v get their demand? No. What did they get? Let
us see.
The visit of our late lamented President to the city turned
the eyes pf the country toward San Francisco and gave it an
advertisement far more valuable than could have been secured
by tho investment 'Of money or the efforts of any commercial
body.
. Wo find that In May of this year the city was en
joying Industrial prosperity to an extent never before seen in
nil its history; the recult of tho Spanish war upon the city of
San Francisco was beginning to make it apparent that the
city had entered on a period of growth and prosperity that bid
fair to result In a largo increase of population; an increase in
trade and commerce; a new and bright era In Its commercial
life, and its workmen found a market for their labor at re
munerative rates, with steady employment in- sight.
TO the Editor of Tho Call: I desire to review, for tho
careful consideration of tho laboring men of San Fran
cisco, tho labor situation in our city, as it furnishes, to
eny tho least, food for reflection.
cumulate debts to be struggled under for the next four yean;
four months In which to sell or pawn for the bread of Idleness
the things which decorate and beautify tho home; four
months to prove to the employer of labor that the union work
man cares nothing for Justice and equity, and to warn him to
withdraw his capital and retire to a quiet life, where the
unions cease from troubling and the weary find some rest;
four months to read tho "yellow" Journal and learn that the
man who has money to create work and pay for It on payday
is the mortal enemy of the union; four months to test tha
great benefits of membership In a union.
What of the next four months? Your ranks will be broken;
the gentlemen of leisure who fatten best when strife Is hottest
and.whose vocation Is gone when labor Is contented and happy
will retire to the obscurity from whence they came: they will
not be much in evidence around your homes replenishing your
depleted cupboards or administering to your pressing needs,
and If they preach any gospel at all it will bo "every man for
himself." Your places will be filled by the man you have been
taught to call "scab," which Is a modern Greek word which
means "an American citizen who has not sworn away his
liberty to work for an honest living." and you will have plenty
of time to answer the question: "Does unionism pay when it
goes out of |ts legitimate field of work, which is the moral and
Intellectual betterment of its members? When it 1b not con
tent to treat with employers on the question of wages and
hours alone, but demands the right to arbitrarily run Its em
ployer's business, and, failing to do this, malms and wounds
his fellow laborer because he exercises his right asan Ameri
can citizen In selling his labor in the open marketr You win
have time to figure as to whether the dues you have paid to
the lodge and the four months of enforced idleness, with its
consequent results, have been a good Investment, and you will
be able to answer intelligently: Does it pay to belong to a
union? If not. why not? ,^^
Also which Is the greatest tyrant, labor or capital? Which
has caused the most tears to flow, the labor leader who or
dered the strike or the employer who refused to yield to his
demands? Also which of the two classes mentioned below has^
contributed the most to the prosperity of the city and directly
to the pockets of the workmen? Namely, the Scotts, tha
Hendys the Gibbses, the Spreckels. the Rlsdons and tha
Strausses as employers of labor or the labor leaders, namely
the Vuruseths, the Rosenbergs and the Caseys? Furthermore,
it might be a liberal education if the striker would devote the
next four months in attempting to balance the following ac
count, which will serve as a sample for all:
Machinists' Union of San Francisco
To John Doe, Striker. Dr.
To four months' dues, at $150.per month WOO
To 100 days lost time (est.), at $3 50 per day, average 350 00
.Total »58 00
.... • Cr. • ' i| : » i »
To average strike benefits received '. HOW
Respectfully submitted, ROBERT J. ANDERSON.
San Francisco, Cal., Sept. 27, 1001.
THE SPIRIT OF THE PRESS.
MONDAY... SEPTEMBER 30, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKEUS, Proprietor-
Attttn ill CennatnltatloDi tp W. 8. LEAKE, Muipr.
MA.\AGBR'I OITICIC Telephone I'r<-«» 204
rL'DLXCATIOK OFKICH.. .Mnrkrt and Third* 8. F.
Telephone I*rcs>B S01.
KJMTOIUAL. ROOMS SIT to 221 Sterenmv* St.
Telephone Vrcnm 202.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
glnffle Cople*. S Cents.
Terms !>>' Stall, Including Postages
DAILY CALX, (including Sunday), on* rear ....$1.00
DAILT CALX. (Includlnr Sunday), • months t.00
DAILT"CALL. (Including Sunday), t r.onths l.M
DAILY CALI^-By SlngU Month.... C6o
EUNDAT CALU On* Tear l.M
WEEK1.T CALU On« Tear 1.00
All poctmaster* are authorized to receive
t subscription*.
Eainple copies will b* forwarded when requested.
Kail subscribers in ordering chanjtw of address should be
particular to civ* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCLVESS.
Xauftr Foreign Advertiilnp , K arqnetta Building, Chicago.
• (Lone Distance Telephone "Central 26X9.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTO.V. Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH...... ..3O Tribune Bnlldlnff
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
8bermaa Bottae; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. II Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel.
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 Q St., T*. W.
BIORTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES— BST Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tratll f:SO o'eloelc 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
• :M o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
REVIEW OF THE LABOR SITUATION
AND EFFECTS OF THE STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30/ 1901,
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado- Beach,- Cal.. effective after April 15;
$60 for round trip; including 15 'days at' hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S.: Co.. 4 New Montgomery st.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend'a,*
The Shah of Persia is an enthusiastic
amateur photographer. Indeed, quite a
number of apartments have been fitted up
at the palace at Teheran for the conven
ience of the royal photographer. He is
declared to possess the most remarkable
collection of cameras in Europe, some of
them being . so large ' that two attendants
are required to move and flx them. Many
of the cameras are very valuable, somo
of them being ornamented with precious
stones. The Shah has spent a' great deal
of time In taking snapshots of his cour
tiers and attendants in all kinds of gro
tesque'dresses'and attitudes.
Hoyal Photographer.
Special information supplied dally Va
business houses and public men by t&v
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10«. •: .•
6
AUCTION SALES.
By n. TV. Scott— Tueeday. October 1. at 11 o'clock. Trotting;
Horses, at corner Et. Charles street and Eagle avenue, Ala-
meda.
By G. R. Utnbsen & Co.— Monday, October 7, at 13 o'clock.
Crooks Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
>lc«i»r— "Liberty Hall.".
Tlvoll— "•Cavallerla Rustlcana" and "I FaKliaccl."
California— West's Minstrels.
Grand Opwa-houBe— "Tha Merchant of Venice."
Columbia— "Florodorm," . . ., ¦
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Central — "Kidnaped."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' •—Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths — Open nirhts.
Aj&rrjssaiENTS.Continued From Page Four.
The shadow may be the price we pay
for the sunshine. : -A .' T' v
REPUTABLE PRESS LASHES THE RErTILIAH YELLOW JOURNALS
Dies of His Injuries.
A. Lennox, a longshoreman, who was
Injured* whilo trying to board a street car
Saturday afternoon at Third and Town
send streets, died yesterday at the Central
Emergency Hospital. The accident was
caused by Lennox's foot catching in the
frog of the track, Just as he was stepping
on the rear platform of tho car. The foot
was held fast in the frog und the car
starting up caused a strain on Lennox's
body Which injured him internally.
Harry Corbett sent a splendid buck,
weighing about 150 pound*, to thja city
yesterday from Sargents. It was proudly
displayed, and bore a card informing all
persons Interested that Mr. Corbett
killed It with the assistance of "Joe" No
lan. Whether the blow was a right cross
to the jaw or a left hook was not speci
fied. Harry's friends are already estimat
ing the number of venison steaks It will
yield, as he is expected to pass the buck.
Harry Corbett to Pass the Buck.
Tha funeral cortege then proceeded to
the te'mple, where the regular Masonic
services were held. The pall bearers were:
Harry J. Lask and C. H. Bryan, repre
senting Excelsior Lodge, F. and A. M. ;
James Patterson and William S. Moses
of the Past Masters' Association, F. and
A. M.; M. R. Dundas, from San Fran
cisco Chapter No, 1, Royal Arch Masons;
Thomas Kyle and Hiram T. Graves, from
California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar; H. N. Clement and Henry Mar
shall, from the Bohemian Club, and
Llewellyn Davles and Captain M. Quayle,
representing the family.
King Solomon's Hall, In which the ser
vices were held, was crowded with the
friends of tho dead man, and men promi
nent In tho city's affairs were present to
do him the last earthly honor. A dele
gation from the Riggers' and Stevedores'
Union attended the funeral. The floral
offerings were numerous, several being
sent by organizations of which Mr.
Menzles was a member.
Dr. O. F. Westphal, worshipful master
of Excelsior Lodge, conducted the ser
vices as laid down in the Masonic ritual.
A quartet consisting of Alfred Wllkle, J.
C. Hughes, M. Hunt and A. Kean sang
"Go to Thy Peaceful Rest." At the
request of the family, Alfred Wilkie sang
"Passing Out of the Shadows." The ser
vices concluded with the singing of
"Come, Ye Disconsolate.". The interment
was at Laurel Hill Cemetery, where the
remains were consigned to the family
vault.
The funeral services over the remains
of the' late Stewart Menzles, master
stevedore, took place yesterday afternoon
at the Masonic Temple under the auspices
of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, P and A. M.
A brief preliminary service was held at
tho family residence, 426 Lombard street,
at which the Rev. E. R. Dllle delivered
the eulogy on the deceased and a quartet
rendered several appropriate selections.
Excelsior Lodge, F. and A! M.,
Loved Member's
Memory. </
At the memorial service of James A.
Garfleld Post in memory of the martyr
President, held Tuesday evening, an Im
pressive programme was rendered. Ad
dresses were delivered by Adjutant Frank
E. Meyers and E. 8. Salomon In which
the late President was fittingly eulogized.
Miss Alfrlda Lahl sang several solos and
several recitations were given by Dr. Jo
seph G. Crawford of Lincoln Post.
rioeolved. That In the death of William Mc-
Klnley the people of this nation have, loat a
stanch supporter of the constitution and of
their rights. Further «
Resolved, That we, the members of Cathedral
Council No. b'J Young Men's Institute, extend
our heartfelt sympathy to Mra. McKlnley In
this her hour of affliction.
The announcement was made. that the
charter would remain open until 100 slg*
natures had boeri secured.
Resolutions of respect to the memory of
the lato President have been adopted by
Cathedral Council No. 69; Young Men's
Institute, as follows:
J. W. Reeves, Herman Haedrick, Charles
Jalaer, James Burke, W. H. Smith. A. I*
Wllley, F. S, Wentworth, Alexander McCall,
A. Johnson. Christian Melllncer, A. L. Rock
wood, W. Megelin. A. 8. Winchester, T. M.
Manning, • Alexander McKemie, Martin Mur
ray.
It was decided to open a roster for the
formation of a Grand Army post to be
known as WlllUm.. McKlnley Post of San
Francisco. The following named com-'
rades and many other3 signed the roscer:
The Veterans cf the Civil War Associa
tion met Saturday night and paid tributes
to the memory ol the late President Mc-
Klnley. Remarks were made by Martin
Murray, after which resolutions con
demning the assassination and expressing
condolence for the widow vy/ere adopted.
Cathedral Council Members
Adopt Resolutions of
Respect.
Remains of Late Stewart
Monzies Reverently
Entombed.
Comrades of the Martyr
President Honor His
Memory.
DEAD STERVEDORE
IS LAID TO REST
VETERANS FORM
M'KINLEY POST
Continued From Page Four.
DENOUNCES INFLAMMATORY WORDS OF FATHER YORKE
"What can we do about it? We o'ught to do something if we can. Even criti
cism loses its power when it overreaches Itself to such an extent, and when- the
people know that Washington and Lincoln and the noblest men of tho world are
defamed, tho very object of the criticism is destroyed.
"There aro only two things we can do. We cannot apply law to them, because
in that it would be worse than to let them have their way; but decent people in
New York can stop buying the paper. It coats a cent; some of tho more decent
ones cost two or three. If there is any man in my congregation who decides to
buy the New York Journal on account of its costing less than the others, or who
can't afford another, if ho comes to me I will pay the difference and give him
a decent paper."
"Some of tlic r«llo\r Journnln — nml I hare In mind the very worst
possible example of it with which I am fnmlllnr In one of onr own
pnpem, the name of which yon all know oh well an I— -some of these
paperM have devoted tliemaelve* to eonNciencele**, peniitent and bit
ter vllllflcatlon of the late I'renldcnt. They have aroused all the
menneMt mfd lowetit InMlnctn of the people and catered to them by
nioHt coiMclencelcNN lying."
The Society of California Pioneers has Joined in tho general expression of dis
approval of yellow Journalism. The following resolution was adopted Saturday
a By tho board of directors of the Society of California Pioneers that
In view of the course pursued by the San Francisco Examiner In reference to
matters of public affairs the secretary bo and is hereby ordered to discontinue
our subscription to that paper."
MINISTER SAYS: "STOP BUYING HEARST'S PAPER.'
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— Rev. Mlnot J. Savage in his sermon at the Unitarian
Church of the Messiah to-day said:
PIONEERS REBUKE EXAMINER.
Had McKlnley been tho creature portrayed, and Ignorance fed on Incendiary
counsel might • easily have so imagined, a sigh of relief would have been tho
acknowledgment of th« news of hla murder. Iiut he was a man, pure, upright
and strong, and tho country wept. When tho yellow Journalist penned fair words
of condolence ho stamped lilmHolf as a liar and a hypocrite; a yellow Journalist.
The quotations answer all the questions* Hearst h papers have Injured a
"good institution": thoy have injured the Government. They have sought to
make it appear an organized crime, an outrage, a form of oppression and a
meun» of robbery.
They have assailed tho state, whether this be taken to mean so
ciety at largo or tho common wealth of California. At present the San
Francisco Examiner Is bending its malign energies to the production of
industrial ruin, to the embittering of class against class, to the encour
agement of a lawless rabble and to the overthrow of municipal au
thority.
They havo assailed the church, because they have sought to lower the
moral tone; becauso they have painted vice in alluring colors; poisoned the
mlndu and Inflamed tho pnHfllnns of tho young; because the success they have
MTincil to achieve has been due, not to honest effort, but to fraud. Thoy havo
stolon the robe of charity to hldo their nlns. Thoy havo printed fictitious In
terviews, held virtuo up to scorn, and throughout havo bean permeated by an
unsncaknble nastlness. All this has assailed not only tho church, but the homo.
Tho Kxamlner says It has . punlshnd "rogues in high places"; that it will
continue to "speak for the mans<m." Fools and blind. Tho masses do not want
a mouthpiece reeking with ¦ corruption and Instinct with nn unreasoning hnto.
The masses never thought William MoKlnlny, whom living they lo.vcd, as still
they lovo his memory, "a roguo In high place." -; .-_-£*
Yellow Journalism has mado its plea of "not guilty." The great court of
civilization will refuse to accept It. ¦
fired at Buffalo in perfect consonance with yellow Journalism's gospel
of discontent.
Continued From Page Four.
The time honored custom of minstrel
parades will be considerably elaborated
by William IT. West's organization to-'
day. Besides two large breaks for tho big
band, fourteen broughams and Victorian
for thfl men attired In golf suits will bn
in evidence, with Mr. West at tho head
In his tandem. The latter Is of Stude
haker manufacture, originally built for
William K. Vnnderbilt. The parade will
start at 2 o'clock from the California
Theater on Hush street and parade to
Market, Van Ness, Sacramento, Polk,
Post, Montgomery, California, Kearny,
Third,, FolBom, Sixth, Taylor, O'Farrefl,
Oranf avenue and thence to tha thfiat/ir
on Rush street.
Minstrels Will Parade.
AEMY OHAFXjiA.iaST DEINOIJlSrOKS A3STAROKCV
"Resolved, Uy tho representatives of tho commercial bodlwi here present that
they strongly condemn the attitude of said ISxaminer and that they recommend
that the nald newspaper be henceforth excluded from the flies of the said bodies
and of nil other organizations In this State, and that the members of all such
organizations and all law-abiding citizens be requested to at once withdraw and
withhold its patronagn from said paper and that they refuse' to give any infor
mation to tho representative. thereof."
The resolutions carry their 'own significance and weight and need no press
indorsement or explanation to give them force. To offset the widespread condem<
nation that fleam's papers art* receiving the ISxaminer has enlisted the frantlo
service of Rev. P. C. Vorke, whose utterances In the Examiner have been dan
fjnrously communistic and Insurrectionary, ' It la singular how bright minds can
10 deranged In such emergencies and hew evil associations corrupt fair speech,
even among-the clergy, whose mission In this world flhould be to promote peaca
and good will, Of cotirso Father, Yorka la not the only clergyman that has per
mitted his imagination to overwhelm hli Judgment and patriotism, DeWitt ThI
magfi and other divines with wider reputation and influence than Rev, P, C.
Yrirltn imvM promoted anarchy and lawlessness by imprudent declarations,
"Whereas, The fomenting of such disorders and «trlkr>s encourages the de
praved and lawless, causing anarchists to stop short of no crime, even to the
Bssnuslnatlon of tho President of tho United States; therefore be it
for a long timo past been inciting class against class, thus sowing seeds of dis
cord among our people, tending' eventually to create discontent, disorders, riots
and finally lending to anarchism, all of which are inimical to the best interests
of the State and nntlon; and
Southern California. San Jose, Del
Monte, Monterey, Santa Cruz, Big Trees,
Santa Rosa, Napa, Sacramento, Marys
vllle, Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld, the
YoH«mit*— every important point, every
leading resort reached via the Southern
Pacific, which offers low excursion rntes
to holders of Episcopal Convention ex
cursion tickets and nccompanylng friends.
Free literature at 613 Market street.
Southern Pacific Excursion All Over
the State.
The celebration of tho Independence of
Mexico, which was held by the Hidalgo
Club last_night Jn^Odd^Fellows'^Hall,
proved'one of the most Euccessfuranni
versary festivals ever conducted In this
city. The hall, which was brilliantly dec
orated with hundreds of multi-colored ln
candeecent lights and with long streamers
of intertwined blossoms and evergreens
suspended from the center of the celling,
was taxed to Its greatest capacity. Every
seat was occupied and hundreds stood in
the aisles and along tho walls, while hun
dreds more were turned away.
Tne celebration was to have been held
on Septemberr 16, but was postponed until
last night in deference to the nation's
Borrow over the death of its beloved Pres
ident. The programme consisted almost
entirely of patriotic selections. A. Forbes
delivered an oration in Spanish, in which
he naid a glowing tribute to the achieve
ments of the Mexican republic. He was
followed by II. V. Morehouse, who spoko
in Kncllsh.
The electrical display, which was re
served until the end of the programme,
proved one of the interesting features of
the evening. The chorus, which waa com
posed of young ladles robed in white, pre
sented a beautiful spectacle and acquitted
itself in a commendable manner. The cel
euratlon was concluded with a grand ball.
Ramon Merel acted as president of the
evening". Henry Alvarez as vJco president,
V. D. Medina as treasurer, Gulllermo
Kotta as secretary and A. Armendarls as
nsslstant secretary.
HTDAXGO CLUB OBSERVES
NATAL DAY OF MEXICO
L>adarro was employed nn bookkeeper
in the hospital for two years and wan
implicitly trusted by the manujjerB. One
year ago ho wui mado uhhIhiuiu tmpcrtn
tendont in recognition of IiIh vcuuable
services. Ho waa under bondH in the turn
of liooo. K is believed that his friends
will come to his rescue as soon as tho
shortage is actually known. Tho man
agement says that i,ni!urr« will not be
placed under arrcsi, in the expectation
that the deficit will ho mado wood, in
which event there will bo no prosecution.
L,adarra is a married innn about 30
years of bko and reside* at 433 Fuurth
avenue. Ho was not known to hnvo nny
bad habits and his friends are at a loss
to know what prompted him to approprl
ato the funds of tho hospital. A rumor
was current that L.odarro hitd left the
city, but >t could not be verified.
It is not exactly known how Ladarre
diverted the funds of the hospital to his
own use. It is thought that he doctored
th« accounts in the ledger and that fic
titious memoranda were delivered by
him to the cashier In order that the two
accounts should balance. The deposits in
the bank are made dally and the pecula
tions have been KolriK on dally for some
time. It is not thought that they amount
individually to more than a few dollars,
but the aggregate would make a large
sum. «'.- - .*">¦ '.¦
An examination of the books was com
menced on Friday and a cursory Inspec
tion showed that Ladarre was short some
$1500 in his ledger accounts. As. the ac
counts were in such a tang-led condition
it was deemed advisable to press an
expert Into service in order to fix the
amount of the shortage definitely.
Henri P. Ladarre, assistant superin
tendent of the French Hospital, Is short
In his accounts and an expert . has been
engaged to go over his books to ascer
tain the exact amount of the suppesed
defalcation. Superintendent Mlqueu made
the discovery last Thursday that all was
not right with his subordinate's books
and he immediately reported the matter
to the board of managers.
FALSE ENTRIES
HIDE SHORTAGE
»ti«|.M 0(8 nftt nni l.cftutlful fiddt, I.H-Brly nnd Ihw n\u not rnuirHr
4l§tory term*, They loar ynltln« In p#Ffwt hftFmony, Th* hl«hp»t
Uw Ih liberty, »n4 th» hlirhMt lirwerty In Uw. Uhrlut did not mm?
in the world «p % BgI8h ( hut to prwle r freedom that Is In keening
v/Hh rwtrslnt throtifh th» powprn ef » new erettflon from within, ran!
tbUMht ll'ol Ilia (ftW WAN H tn:||(ti.|i(if,ii|B|-- tinl.i I'lHlsl, Hosltiilllt It
iii» imtiiiopo in 1)10 hft)Mn limit t« fcuwf It is (lit* \»f\ fFpmfflm. Tlin
Irtoa In th« mind of Ulirlut foe every man In, "the perfmil llhprty of
lh# dillflicn Hf florl/ 1 \ .
'ih> >tiMiM=hH«ipii let (tarn 10 tjrcHlhs tmr thnn the Teutoiii Nu peo>
iili> < ti «-HMh tint f« Iii.piiv-IkvIk* mh 1 do a me it torn, nfltf tar iiii» very
ItHfiOtl %V0 Hff IH Urn «lPHtP«l iViMMPC rtMlii jhr-lty tilii'(.iltl((|lr'(1 h.V
i«w, i«(Vp tif liberty hn» inniif 1I10 warlii'n h «tiny, it ttiffttiit a?vi>r>
I'ldiiMil Blul flvlljfntlMiii In nil MtHMPH Of ifit'in ilpyrltihlii! lit iiipm IibVH
inv»>tl Htji-Hy w»ll fMimhib di« inr Hi m wlthnttt ft thfy stnmmtB
«nd ill". M1 ffl nlMi 'nil Oil*, when utiiPBliHliiPil |(V \nrr, It |.i..
dutf* iiispii ind im-iunri 'tim i1priui)'fi- of tmtlun»i Llt'rty |« th«
ehlld or OhrlstlflnHy, tiul lh« PhlM^muit t»# ,trnn»1 by h« «sm«
PgfPnt. Tha phllrf th»t i»» It^n §F»dIsii hy fh^ Bonp«i mu/t fas nutrd"
f[1 on lfi« wns hsn»1 ntminni ths rtflnw™ of m ¦ finuvuniinunt, »M en
tlo fillisp flRHinit lh» opiifMHOPnf fislit mnrftl flenUiniiHi plnee lh«
Hovsriiiimnt (or the iwoiile Ih »lso fiytlm upop •, . Prom n\\ ttiiv t
iffldlly *m*n Hmt lie restraint of liberi^.js »h» m*\ nubiU el
thfl i\ny, tAUeriy a\ (Ills s \ttts§ nf ih« mirWn d*vf>lonm#iu (?»n us
/•"'f'i.rJtJI liflflt <ntn <je«poil*ini Then will (i er wl I It not desire
imil [my ertmmit w\c\Af, h\\miy j« llit anTy \umer tlmt pbb
flmmy \ tomy. Itongvr ffoiu this fiiifliipp I* nil )h« m6F« in \m Amfaa
\jfwm, lit ouf very eqiHfile» Umn of i<M\\i*tlm lh« |if« e>t U «.
dlvjiitiHl In lifiiiHd jipjli lliflt ef H. « whfl|i», ft»« truth > that J«w
fliiif HIiNitv «je wfiiifM in pmur t/llw, hhiI Iis wiki whk At dm wbiIiIihk
Iij, C'«n«ftfi fit (IhIIIki* iwttirmd iho nuhtlal eefemfinyi rim l*t hi
h I *,\m lity« wii'/otiiiify «Hii eiic nmrtyi-q la tlifl enlist ialn in wing,
'"FUm whleh • flail hfcth IaIh^iI tf.«n)ii P^ M m mm Mil ssjindurf''
f/«t u« imvn niipi-tr, hut not wiuibut Uwi and Uw t but hot witiiont
NUMBERS
— or the —
BENEFICENGIA PUBLIGA
City of Mexico, September 26, 1901.
No. Prise, No. Prize. No. Prize.
2SJ 200 217 600 J42 «
440 20 442........ 40 446 200
51» 100 85J 40 1012 40
11*1 100 UM 100 1222 20
1304 20 IS17 40 1326 - 20
1M2 20 1606 40 1616 20
1701 20 1776 40 1828 40
1SK> 40 1800 200 19W 40
1206 20 263J 20 2656 20
2T3J 40 2773 20 M44 20
2803 20 8120 20 313» 20
«2? 20 2244 60000 S26J 4<J
2275 20 S2&4 20 S428 20
&r>0 20 JSM 20 JS2» 100
28SS 20 J81J 20 S9S7 40
400« 20 4021 20 4067 40
41*3 40 4254 20 4302 100
4423 40 4606 40 47M 20
<K2 40 6052 20 6102 20
E1SI 20 E168 20 6307 40
C454 40 6467 40 6562 '. 40
f*4S 100 69&3 40 599? 40
W21 40 6083 40 6273 20
63C3 40 6378 20 6493 20
fiSP6 20 C504 40 6656... 20
6C8S 20 6780 100 7074 40
7121 20 7208 40 7246 20
J3M 20 7421 tO 7451 49
'*S2 20000 7628 20 7132 2H
if'* 20 7620 40 7652 20
i6»8 20 7708. 100 7786 100
'8*0 40 S12« 40 £258 600
|258 20 8330 100 S34$ 100
If* 40 SCO 20 tiit 100
SS25 20 912J 20 92tg 20
M42 40 8US 20 9627 200
SJC» 40 9788 200 »»4S 20
10Si"; 4010433 20 1OS58 100
10C2 20110S1B 4010M4 40
10M7 40 1W06 20 10847 20
10W1 20 1101* JO 11284 20
11220 100 11324 40 11468 10000
H51« 20J1585 2011682 20
llWi 20 11848 WOIUM 20
12CE3 20 12063 20 120&S 40
I£ii7 20 U461- 100 12SS4 20
1^70 100 12744 40 12765 20
1*124 40 131:5 20 13339 20
1*340 40U446 40 18451 20
13*61 2018688 40 1377» 40
13SS7 40 14022 40 14080 20
1«7J 20 14308 20 14417 40
14E18 20114790 20 14310 20
14SS1 20(15003 20 16062 20
15083 20 15176 20 1M47 20
1S342 40iU370 20 15402 21
1S*C* 40 15478 40 1S6&5 40
1BBS8 100 15632 40 16639 20
15C72 1001SS40 100 15854 20
15812 20 15921 40 15932 20
15945 40 16002../..... 40 16099 40
1«11 20]16257 20 16419 20
lfS2 20(16541 20 165*8 20
1«^27 20 16735 200 16791 200
16SS0 100 16865 20 17032 20
17044 20 17051........ 20I17C71 40
17088 2017104 40117163 20
17225 4017238 20 17286 20
1J2S1 20 17368 20 174S6 100
1.5*5 10017600 20 17Ca 20
17733 4017766 4017772 20
1'958 20118004 20 18181 20
18234 40 18813 20 18334 40
1*«* 20 18474 40 18600 100
18734 40 18813 40 18823 40
18821 401S915 100 19030 20
1*034 20 19065 100 19M0 20
18662... 40 19733 20 20062 100
2«22» 20)20058 20 20642..-. 20
20654 20020727 20120820 40
20919 20 20368 20J21085 200
210iS 20;21107 40J21847 40
£1802 10C|224M 40)22588 20
IZ88S 100 Z3US7 20.13103 20
231S1 20|23iSl 40 238J6 20
23804 2024234 20J243M 20
24403 20124643 20|24848 20
2489* 20:2497* 100125251 40
2o313 201257O5 40J25835 20
2C3J2 20J26552 100 26*49 20
27281 2027448 20 27497 20
27642 20J27754 600 277C0 40
27821 20|27S60 40,28221 20
2S256 20.2SS23 10O12S4S3 20
2i497 20128516 20 ZS54J 20
285CS 20;2»671 40.2S720 20
28979 40'2S953....'.... 40,29014 100
29020 20(29045 40|29071 29
S5»07» 20129211 20129310 20
29312 40;2S324 100129398 30
2»626 40,29G37 40 2*670 20
2S730 20:»7S8 2o|2S)84S 40
»»» 40;2»*;3 40;30O70 20
Z0088 100 3001*2 20 303S2 40
StAlS 40 30042 20 30558 20
80584 20 30727 20 30731 20
S0773 100|3C8S8 40 3WO5 40
tfjMt 20,20974 20,3Ci'J94 20
E1O77 20,31080 40'31123 20
S12M 100;312S*1 40i313»8 100
SI434........ 2031473 40131492 40
2i: IS 20:315K3 100131607 20
riC* 20;217C7 20 3UW) 49
818M 20 31800 20,32m* 20
S20&6 4d ::r« 40,32193 100
2Z230 :<Xt\Z2ZZ$ 203U12 100
82358 20,32403 .'.. 20 22407 40
¦S2170 20 326(6 40 32941 40
8MO9........ 40 33179 20J332Z3 20
8=357 20,83394 20,10400 20
S34*4 20,334lr9 10 Z.V.'.<5 SO
£27(9 100:3397* (00134221 40
>43C2 SbjSWO 1000IS44S7 100
L;:.:." 20,34^8 40i34S90 40
S4M3 S0I34C37 40 34710 20
»4948 40I849U 40 S406S 20
S5O31 2'i.r..Mf.3 20 35379 20
tll'A 2U JJM» 20 3UC2 40
tlM 4" jm.:.3 iw'.iUlt 20
St.'.U 20,357(7 20,3.'.h»l COO
KS72 200 81918 l'(»,:a:73 20
SC403 20J88471 20,36504 100
ICC12 40,3CCZS 20,36653 20
86703 100,36854 40,20881 100
86928 20I3G929 20|3e»42......... 40
87079 4037128 20[371f>7 100
Z7Z51 40,37261 100:37276 20
S74OS 2037426 100|37543 20
S7C23 4037720 40137)02 20
8«036 20|380r.2 40,38054 SO
881C2 20,38123 40,38152 20
88183 20 38271 20 l 3&2»4 20
SS322 20138325 40 284(» 20
2K7S8 203U08 20 39119 49
2M65 100,3X39 20|395Vl ' 40
28723 20,39734 40;39758 20
29762 20,33943 40)33947 20
40037 40'4C£56 20,40368 40
40406 40,40413 20 40534 20
40707 10040796 40140828 20
40980 100 41181 20141313 40
41416 40 41571 20|41657 20
41806 20 418C2 2Oj4U»4 * 20
420C1 20)42264 20,422S3 40
42529 40 42548 100(42711 20
42781 20,43044 2O|4I1O6 40
43126 20.43280 100:43304 20
42112 20J434S2 2U142S20 20
42tt7 20*4400$ 20,44634 40
446b5 40,44792 40,43025 20
40045 200J45O60... 20.450U4 49
4&OK4 20,4a143 40i451£8 20
4:289 1001453)6 20|45417 20
45452 4GJ45&C1 20145685 100
45709 40:4:834 20 45821 100
46135 40(46218 40,4B«!>4 49
4r.447 20.46621 40|4C^65 1000
4W74 2014S70S 20 47254 40
473CC 2« 47291 20 47646 23
47681 40j47753 100 477SW 200
«•.*•.¦' 20:47916 20 47958 20
48088 2Oj4S276 40 4KZ76 100
4U22 20j48:34 40 4&61 ZO
4««4Z 20)4*728........ 2u|48K51 20
4S861 20J48866 20I48986 2U
4Mrf*2 40j4i>275 20J4JS01 Ti
49313 200j4S)426 100 496(19 100
49058 40149657 40 49775 i
498C2 2O;43S1H;........ 100 50016 2)
U)160 •• 100;5tr218 20|50226 1W
60»S 40j50309 40)50467 ll/u
&O473 20 50631 20|50f92 200
&0S80 20:51075 40 510W 40
61150........ 40J514M 20|51516 20
5:546 &0O;61638 40151652 200
61709 20151812 100151881 , 20
lini 20j02U£9 40)52265 20
tl'4M 20i5S536 20;52582 20
C2728 20|52772 40I52O02 20
(3122 20;52241 100 52249 20
62272 20,53402 20 63592 20
636C8 40 53721 20 6S746 2y
63827 100 63907 20 64112 20
M1M 4054280 20154471 20
U0Z8 4054726 100154782 4?
64SC1 20 64890 40 64895 40
MM 7 100 65122 20 65292 40
65281 20 55408 20 65514 49
L5542 20165573 20 55663 20
60C70 40165726 20 55749 100
15786 40&4J66 20 56310 20
64405 20 56854 Vi 56970 20
17088 40 6720* 200 57296 „ »
17523 2f> 57640 20 57669 M
67797 20 57922 100 68043 »
t,t,V.% 20 58404 40 68672 40
r.8573 40 58879 20 68929 20
tDM 20J6»057 20 5S060 100
VM% 20;59!M 40 69242 40
t929t 40 69404 40 69510.. 30
M723 20.19754 20 59780 40
tHtOl 20 fiOO48 20 60091 100
C015«........ 2060203 2060406 20
«O42J 20W44S 2A606.M ,. 40
(IO814 40 eOUSO...^,... 20 608»5 40
erjtsu to vim 1006102s 49
f.jf)4« 20 61053 100 61O/.1 49
C107B 20 61474 100 «1GOO 41)
C1C17 V><> MM2 *V> 61666 , 40
f,]€i* 2O61T70 , 2<>ei81l 49
f.lf>£4 20 620M 20 62141 , 40
f21W( 40*2201 iODKVii „ JO!)
(.VJ.i....,.., tO 62281.., 10 62281 ...41
f.2356........ 100«2f,M,,, r,.,, aOMMO.,, 41)
f.M74 tnttV* 4fl«S021,,, ft,,, JO0
f,V<n..,,,,,, 4OMM4.,„„„ »'*3!'M........ 100
m.'.l ,1 *.'if<r.*..,.... t *0 62461,,„„„ 21
tttM 4MI70I.,,,,,,, (0 63713 „ !M
•.;•(.if. ,, I". e;.f7........ ti. *4H4 21
um ,,,,.. :» hihs...,.,.. ttimt&t,,„,,,' m
tiUi .,,,,,, KKi»V4?.Vl...,,,., 4') Ml,0T.,,,,,,, t»
64M1-,.,,,„ iWt.hfihH.,,,,,,, 4H «M«rt,,„,,,; i)
tf.m „, 4ft«5»T,,. 4ft «,<«»,„„ ,; M
ft«ll »««?.&«„,,„„ JM«MSt,,, I" m
fcf.ru.,,,,,,, ttrtitn.,,,,,,, rififiim , ua
fc-'.iftft.,,.,,.. mUM,,,,,,,, tfMAIft.,,,,,,. \f*
feflM,....... *""•«<»*. iitim PMM67I,,,,,,,, 44
tttM..,,,.,, ih'ttfit.,,,,,,, 4fl«TM4,,,,,,,, tii
t*\\t,,,,„., mi*\**,..,,.., jiCilU,,,,,,,, n,h
tMU.,,..... 4'-'^of,i):,,;,,,, IAAMM,,,,,,,, \hh
Sm«"'"" htvau........ vi
to«* ,,,,,, tfi\itntn,,,,,,,, itfown,,„.,,. »
tN*Ti 4t'f«M........ 41
Wit • .i" W'tW.f...... f»TtNS,....... M
•nut .. SMffllM,,....,. <nff44»,....... *A
fjjil 4'»'i)r.74.;!;,,;. hw\*,.,.,,,. >>
imA ftfwi,.,.,.,, itofiM,.,..!,. h
).7(* >i't»»i»;. ...... tnttnM,,,,,,,, ri
»«)?» Mwm ....... mMinf......!. Si
ftfc 1! ,.,,.,. «0|Tfr70\....<ii lOOlTtlTl.iotitt 19
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1901.
No. Prize. |Na Prize. No. v. Prize.
72345 20 72360 200 72533........ 200
72611 40 72748 40 72799 40
T»41 20 73000........ 20 73095 500
7*122 .-. 20 7J238.. ...... 40 73272 20
73349..: 40 73371 , 40 73446........ 40
7M78 40 73548 20 73559 20
'3629 20 73631 40 73636 20
W681 200 73779.; 40 73841 20
73846 20 73906.. Vt.... 20 73942... 40
T4006 20 741H.. ..¦:... 20 74366 40
74457 20 74496 ,. 20 74589 20
7*776 20 74855 40 74864 49
74986 40 76021 20 75069 100
76169 20 76148 40 75579 20
7662* 40 76691 40 75944 20
769L8 40 75963 20 7C022 ' 49
76068 20 76076 600 76099 20
76243 20 762C4 20 76282 103
76317 20 7C512 100 76604 20
76648 40 76M2 20 7O71 40
76770 ; 20 76S20 100 7B908 20
76925 20 769R6 20 77006 «
77205 20 77272.: 20 77307 i 40
77331 20 7743*-. 40 77446 20
77460 20 77872 40 77888 160
77S78 2OOT70S5 20 78180 20
78151 40 78208 20 78346 40
7S5M 40 7M49 40 7S670 20
78716 2079032 1000 79088 600
7>111 100 79126 20 79129 20
"9178 40 7*179 20 79303 43
79314 20 79332 100 79414 20
79466 40179470 40179493 20
79578 20|799S3 40|
APPROXIMATION PRIZE8.
. One hundred numbers from ' 3194 to 3294, In
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of tho
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000-160.
On« hundred numbers from 7432 to 7532. In
clusive, b^ing SO numbers on each side of tha
number drawing tho capital prize of J20.000— $40.
On© hundred numbers from 11419 to 11519, In
clusive, being 60 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $10.000— $20.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with 44. being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000— $20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing with 82. being the last two figures of the
number drawing tho capital prize of $20,000—120;
No. 2244 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
•old In St. Louis. Mo. ~
No. 7482 draws second capital prize of $20,000.
sold In St. Pierre, Martinique; Galveston,
Texas; New Orleans La.
No. 11469 draws third capital prize of $10,000.
sold In San Francisco, Cal.; Houston, Texas;
New Orleans, I,a.
Nob. 84SS8. 46565, 84449. 70497 and 79032 draw
each $1000. sold In 8t. Louis. Mo.: 8an Fran
cisco, Cal.: New York. N. T.; New Orleans,
La.; Cincinnati. Ohio; 6t. Ix>ul». Mo.; Chicago.
111. ; Guaymas. Son. ; Bryn. Texas.
FRANCISCO J. MEDINA.
For the Treasury Department.
IT. BA8SETTI. Manager, per
E. J3ERTHIER, Acting Manager.
APOUNAR. CASTILJ^O. Intervenor.
7
Vaudeville's Leading Lights !
Wilfred Clarke and Co., Boyce nml
Wilson, Madge Fox, Arnold Gra-
zer and Blanche Trelease, The
Svengalls, Press .Eldridge, Parros
Brothers, Dorothy Morfon and tho
Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats,
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS,
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Sand Soap, Striker's, 8 cks 25c
Reg. 6 for 25c. Limit 50c worth.
Baking Powder, Mb can 30c
"New Era" brand, Reg. 40c
Absolutely pure. None better.
Coffee, Kona, Hi 1b 20c
Roasted and ground fresh daily
on our premises. .;J. ;
Corn, "Cactus" brand, tin 10c
Regularly I2j^c. Milky and
' sweet.
Figs, extra fine, IOc pkg
This season's California. .
Enameline, s^. 7 for 25c
It takes the lead for polishing
stoves, grates, etc.
Soap, "BKg!?sr si-Ib bar 10c
Good for chapped and sore
hands.
Cocoa, Sinkard's Swiss.
j4-pound tin. £4-pound tin.
Reg. 5oc...4Oe Reg. 25c... 2Oc
One ounce makes 6 cups.
0. K. Bourbon Whisky, lOyrsold
Regularly $1.00... 3 bottles $2.O0
Regularly $4.00 gallon $3.OO
"La Favorita" California Claret.
Regularly $4.00 doz qts.. . .#3.25
Regularly $2.50 doz pts....$2.15
We allow 50c and 30c for return
of empty bottles. • California pro-
duces no better wine.
Satchel Baskets, '§:&*£
18 inches. 20 inches.
Reg. 50c 35c Reg. 65c... 5Oc
Clothes Line, % et §?<?• 15c
Folding Iron Boards, $1.15
Five feet long. Regularly $r 50
Tooth or Face Powder, Victoria, 20c
Listerated or plain. Reg. 25c.
. Country; Buyers living within 100
miles of San Francisco "can buy as
cheap as city* folks. We prepay the
freight on air orders of $5 oo and
over. Monthly catalogue furnished
free. *
222-224 SUTTER ST.
TELEPHONE ¦tf^AffE^
Next Week-"BEACON LIGHTS."
- Replete with emotional Interest, superb cli-
maxes, realistic situations, amusing comedy.
PDITKC Evenings 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c, 50o
IQIWCO Matinees 10c. 13c, 23c
"KIDNAPPED"
Magnificent Production of the Powerful Melo-
drama. ' ¦
Beginning TO-NIOHT— ALL THIS WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BEl&SCO AHnTHALE&jfogftgi
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
CARMEN.
Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday,
LAST TIMES OF
AND
I'PAGLIACCI
Saturday Matinee,
CAVALLERIA
Curtain Rises at 8 sharp, account of Length
v, of Performance.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT, Thursday, Sunday Nights and
ert Nome; Sam Ilolilnworth; Lynton and Wilde;
Agnes Oeorxe, and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Beats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
FISCHFR'C! CONCERT HOUSE
RAZILLIA PANTOMIMK COMPANY; Alice
de Leon; Itlchnrdu And Ttelyea; Itosallne; Rob-
Open dally from 7 a. m, to U p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m, to 14:30 p, m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CIIILDIIKN, 8c.
Bathing, Including admission. 23c. Children. 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
GRAND HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter*
tained on the American or European
plan.
PALACE HOTEL.
S DISORDERS '
u lyjyj JLllslj.nO
•-Of*" ™
MEN^
' PT FAR THE GREAT- *
' «-»er number of patients
seeking relief for so-
called weaknes* aro
¦tronir, robuat men In
every other respect. Loss of Vitality, Premature*
ness, eto., are not weaknesses, but tho symptoms
of Inflammatory processes In the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) causeil by contracted *
disorders and too often repeated and too long "
conttnued excitement. Undor our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing tho en-
lnrged and swollen Prostata. Immediate . r<<-
*ults, as Indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are nba«rv*d. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
Application, Is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male;
DR. IALCOI I & CO., 997 Market St.
i /ffliA0EWEY [ STR0N6 &C0 / dgjy
vi ? PA J^iaiI^ <?)
MARKET SLsHSOiStr •
(TI Pr nnifll Corner Fourth and •
l.ilrr nil I HI oiir *wm ur««r,
• vnlliies checked frae.
_ : > TJSEMENTB. .
k^^/^333^^^bbW. m ' ¦ ¦ * -^DHiZ^s9BSH*3BEEEaSa^BBSSaaVk
UHKy^^a^lwla^k^^aW ¦ aW. *
"EVEN BETTER THAN LAST YEAR."
TO-NIGHT
And All This Week— Matinee Saturday
America's Most Notable Minstrel Organization
\A/7V\. H. WEST'S
MINSTREL p e ! ?fec r tl? y
JUBILEE. .^resented
SEE THE BIO GOLF PARADE TO-DAY
BEATS NOW READY.
Next Sunday Night—
H ERR MA NN, the Great.
IN NEW AND MYSTIKYINO ILLUSIONS.
SKATS THURHDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT. AND EVKRY EVENING THIS
WEEK,
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Shakespeare's Great Play,
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
JOSEPH HAWORTH as 8HYLOCK.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, X5c. 25c. 60c, 76o.
Good Orchestra Beats, All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— Joseph Haworth In "ITAMMST."
TO-NIGHT,
, Opening of the New Stock.
First appearance here of
M. I* ALSAP and ALDERTA CONVERSE,
When will be presented for the first time at
. Alcasar prices,
R. ,O, Carton's play,
"LIBERTY HALL."
New firenery. Unique Stage Effects.
MATIN15KS BATUnPAY ANP SUNDAY,
Wert Weekr*' "TOO MUCH JQHWSQW,"
CHUTES and zoo
HVJ9RT APTBnNOON AND .HVBNINa,
WblM, I/JTTY, 0AHTT5II TiUOfl,,
• SB^rfi AND DON, SBnLXH Big.
TKTlfJ, VAT.1CYHA, OA2V&6OI7
§I8T25H8. '/j^
MOVING FIQTURHS shnwlflff
.-MeKINLBV
At the Buffalo Exposition,
Thursday Nlglit - -Tho Amateurs
JPilephetii fer i«iti«p«i-n u. ,.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Marknt-street Ferry Depot^
I/)cal Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
l/v. Pan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. 8tockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" B'resno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 8:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlsalla.... 3:40 p 4:4Sa
" nakrsflcld 6:15 p 5.:2O p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2M0a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. in. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars -through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Ijakemfleld for accommodation of local
flrst-claas passengers. No second-claas
tickets honored on this train. Corre»pond-
Ing train arrives at 6:63 p. m. Tuesday and
Krtdsy
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally.
800 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
throuKh Palace and Tourist Sleepers un.l
Free Itecllnlng Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:35 p. 111.
dally.
7-20 a. m. Is Rakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Jouquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train nrrlven at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offlcen— 611 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, SariFranclsco; 1112 Uroadway, Oak-
land. •
KAILWAY TBAVEL.
•1:40, •3:tB, 4:4S. »«:30 p. m. •
Trains mark«d (•) "tart from Fan Quentln.
FIIOM MILL VALLEV TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK r>AYB-6:«, «:4S, 7:55, 8:55, 10:30
a. m., 12:38. 2:4S. 3:60, 6:10 p. m.
BXTHA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Haturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 n. m.
rilJNliAYH-S:OS, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, 1:30,
6;00, 6:45 p. i^^ TBAIM)If
6:68 a, in. week days— Casadero and war sta>
IMS p. m, Saturday!— Duncan Mills and way
Italians,
B:fl() a, m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations, '
Legal Holidays boat a and trains wltl mn on
Sunday tlms,
HOUN'T TAMAUPAIS RAH*WAV
"VIfeav# V»j» Fisimalito J'Vrry '"^Arrlvir""
pan t''ran,_ Vootuf Market bi, gan I'ran,
tut, Pm twbt* w <««ii m4 f «!•)«., « 1 Mi
s y^V Dr. Gibbon^ DIspensfrtTr,
H Ik #& f'l^ifi"*, i,<*i MaiiiiniMi, ppfiintf «if_
|ggK|iJHli!|^Ma wpiirliigini liriilr «rtil ml'l'l Mini
affittaa^Ki" IMuph'im. TiiB iPiM'-leirriifiwIn-ii
NBSSw>WH«'"ir«ai«nritiil<>r<i. f'wlli.r wrIK
|>r. J. *'. OMinoN. Uan VrstMiWa, t'ai *
FROM 8AN KKANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
ANU SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:65, 8:30. *0:30, 11:00 a, m..
•1:45, 3:15, 4:13, 6:15, *tM, 8:45 p. m. ,
KXTUA TJtirs-For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Hitur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
HUNUAY8— •8:«H), »10:uO, •11:30 a^ m.. «1:15,
3:15, M:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (?) run to Ban Qnenttn.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK I)AY8-»3:25, 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, 10:14
a, in.. •12:25, 2:15, 'SjSG, 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Oaturdayn at 6:43 and 9:5S p. m.
BUNI>AV8-6:15, *8:0O. *10:00, •!!:« a. m..
Commencing (September Ti, 1901.
Via Sausollto Ferry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
THE SHORT LINE
RATE TO
Buffalo
Exposition
ROUND TRIP
—VIA
Stf DAYS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK.
(4 Hours Ahead of All Competitors.
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST SERVICE
SPECIAL.
Personally Conducted TourUt Excur»Jon
leaves San Francisco at % a. m., Sacramento
at 11:55 a. m.. October 4th.
TICKETS ON SALE
OCTOBER 3d and 4th.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent
; : 1 Montzomery at.. 8. T.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC:
Trslii* l«n«« nn.l i%e*f> «••!• tm Hrrlv* At
MAM ntAN4:iM«'O.
(Main Llo». Foot of AlarHol Slwl)
t«ATj — From Jult 11. 1901. — akbiti
7iOUa. Banloia, Butaun, Elmlrk aad 8«ex»-
memo «?»•"»»
7iO9a Vte»iUl», Wljt'w, Ramsey.... 7j>>3»
7 1 a ) k M »rtlnM, «au llaiuun, V »ll«Jo. N»p»,
C»l!«tog* mid Hunt* ICom 0i33f'
»:O'»a DmTla, Woodland. Knicbta Landlnx.
Maryavllla. l>rof I1U_ 7i!J1»
«iO(»* AtUntio Kxpr«u-Ogden and Ea«l ISiXSv
Hioo*. KUm, Lttfciup, Htockton 7i33»
¦i«OaKU«i, iier.dot*. UkOford. VlMlla,
Pofterrtll 4i33»
••So i 8huu K«pr««— D»»U, Wllll»m» (for
Hurtle tt Bprlnn), Willow*. B«X
llluff, 1'ortUud. 7i«3»
ItlVa fl»u Jo*«, Ltrennor*, Htoektun,
Ion*. Haaraniaiito. Fl»err»lll«,
M>rja«ltU. Cbleo. U«l lilnlt 4i33»
¦tBOA O»k.Uie. Ohlneae (Yoaemlta). 8o-
nora. Carter* ¦ii2-1»
ViOO* Ha/ward, Miles »d<1 W47 SUtiooi.. I IiA<>«
tlOOA VaUfjo HiZZt
BiOOa Lo« Angeles Exprua— Bdartliifla,
'¦¦.- - Tr»oy. Iwkthrop, ntuaWtoa, Ueroeu
Treai.o and Loa Axurulaa 7i23»
•i30a V*ll-i!.. Alartluaz atitl W»» Btatlont 7lO3r
IOiUVA The OrerUiicl Llniltea-OgJoa, Dm*
ter. i)iu*ha. Cbteags «ill9r
flittOr SaeramaittK Itlfer Hie+w«n f3tO«i\
SiSttp Hajwsrd. NIIh an<t Way Htatloaa.. 7i33r
4.«»r Iliolcla, Wlntera, Maerauianlo^ •
AVoiiclUlid. Knight* jAOdlliC,
MaryivilU, Orotllle IOi33»
. lionrMutlixi, Hau lUmou. ValUjo,
N«|>». r».l»t«.«». Hanta Uo.« MiSS*.
4iOOr Nile*. LiTermorB. Utooliton. Lo.lt... !»¦»»»
•S.il»r Hay«r*rd. tille«. M*n .!..«•, LlTfrmor* t«< n S4
«iSOr Fort Cokb, Tracy, Utbrop, Stockton IV1S&4
SittOrTha Owl limited- ficiuo, TuUre,
lUk«r»fl»l.l. Mauina for 8aitU H»r-
bara. Lua Au>«l« SiS3»>
SiOOr Martin**, Aatloab, Stockton, Mor-
wd, Frwno lS>33r
SiO«p ToMmlle l*i*3f
OlSOr New (Jrloini . Eiprr««— Meruiota,
FrMno, Bakenfleia. !.<.» AuKele*.
U.mloK. £1 i'«o. No* Orleaoa
and Kail 7lB34
• iOOp llaf ward, Nllot »uil Kan Jwa«... .... 7i3.» t
t«iOUr ValUJn lllUSi
«.U«r Orlantal Mall-Ogd«n, C'b«jenn».
Oipaha. Uhlnco iai*a«>
• l«*r Orlautal Mall— Oftfto, Dtnttr, *
lit. LouU, Cbieago.. *iXl»
Tl*Or Oreion ami UallfiirnU l!t|>r«M,Na«.
rmi>aiito Marrarllla, Ua<liltn«,
I'orClnu.i. r.ital H01.1M and Kaat Si3ilA
¦i«HrBao rablo. Tur% Coata, MarUaM
•nd Way rilatlotia lli*»a
jwioarVtlHo 7iB5f
COAST LINE! Utomn Uwm).
(roo»oC Mailtai 8tra«>.)
' 17i45a BaOM Orua Kxouraton lo (i*ot» Cnu
• »d frluolp.l W»y HUllon* t««03f
lio.ii.tar Oraab.Maula Oiui and Way
Htatlona o.8>»»
t*llAr V***th. Uantarvlll*, nan Jm«. New
Alm».l»u, JfaUnn. llouldaf Crank,
H»nl» (,'iu» and l'rluslvat W«f
Muilon* Ittinn*
4ill>r Nswark. Nan Joa«, faaflatoa »'!»'•«
««il»f OUnwood.nonldor Cw»i,B»nt»Cnn «»iftt>.»
OAKLAND H ARDOR FERRY.
fna 1)1 T &ASCI&CO— r mi tt Marktt Strut (Slip D—
t7ilb U 00 11.00*. H. 1:03 Ii33 8:13' -.
ifi«oi[UiD-r»i .r sr«>« ••;.— tnoo {moo ta.oa
< 10:00 «.m. »03 3:08 liHr.ia.
COAST LINK (Itrtail ««u».).
(Third win! Towman.l Sta.)
' ttiio, Ban Joa« »nd Wa/ HUtloua.... M .... «i4o A
? 7U)O* P4«|| Jom anil Wa>rU*tliilia...,,.... liil«r
/7hmu New Almadaii. / lilOy
17iiiua Sunday Kxounloa (of H»n Jc««.
MatiU Crm. Vaciflo Orore and
PrlDdpal War Htatlonn 1 »i 10 r
•iO«a Man Joi*. llollliter. HanU Cm*.
I'aclila (mitt Mallim. Bin Lull
Obftpo, Santa Barbara and Pila*
*•-.-: otpal li.UrmadUte MUtlotia 7.3»»
IOiKOa Ban Jiaa aud Way Statlona. 0i5Uf
1 IiIHIa Hau Jnaa ami Way Mtatlmia ••. 5iao»
fJi nr Han H»t»o, Itsdwood, M«nl« Ptrk,
Ptto Alto. HaotaOlara. flan .loa*.
HoUUtcr. Banta Crm, Baltnaa.
M.mier.y ami r«olllo <iro»« flOi43»
¦iSOr Ban Jon«, Traa Plnoa. Banta Crna,
P»dfle Orore and Wajr Htatlona 4it«r
flilSr San Juiean.l 1'rlnCipal Way Hutloni ttll3«
tOiOOrBan Joie, \jO» Oatoa and 1'rlndpml
Way SUtlona fViOA*
SiSOp San Joaa «ii.l l'rlnolp»l Way Htatlona BiIJS*
CiOtfr Redwood. Nan Joa*. Gllrny, Balloaa,
Santa Barbtn. Lo* ADjele»...... 1Oi03*
AtaOpSan Juiaand Way Hlallou w. t <!•"»*
t)lli43r Ban Jo»»au.t Way Htatlona 7l3O»
A for Moruliif. P for A (taruooav.
t flnnday «>e«t>tad. ! Sunday only.
« Saturday only. • Monday.
f Satnrdaf »n I Sunday. / Tuaadajra and TriOor*.
CALIFORNIA NORTflW E5TERN RT. CO.
LiESSEEI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot or Mart** Sfc
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extr» trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at !:&*>
and lt:2o p. m.
8UNDAYS-S:C0, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:30.
6:00. <:20 p. m.
Sun Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK L>AY&-«:10. 7:50. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
3:40. 0:1.". p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:35
and 6:25 p. in.
fiUXDAYK- -Mini. «:<0. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10,
8:05. 1:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlvi
Ban Francl«co. |Aprll 2S. 1301-1 Ban franclaco.
Week J Sun*. I I Bun- I Week
- Ltayii. I days. | Destination. [ ' day*. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am| Pctaluma. 1:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm| Santa Koiia. 7:3S ym\ «;20pm
Fulton, — — — -
1:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
S:00pm II»aldaburf, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
»:S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:35 pm« :20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm I lloplanrt 10:40 am|10:25 am
j:30 pm g:'«)am| ami Ufclah. | 7:35 pm[ <:20 pm
7:30 a"rnT 10:49 am|10:25 ani
I 8:00 ami Cuemevllle. 7:35 pm I
3:30 pm|_6:0Opm | 8:20 pm
7. SO am 8:00 am Bonoma 8:IJ«m IMOan
and
6:10 pm B :00 pm (lien Ellen. 8:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:bO ami 110:4') a"lniiD;;i am
8:30 |im( 6:00 pm| Bebaitopol. | 7:33 pm| «;20 pm
Hiages connect at Banta Hnsa for Marl* West
Springs an.l White Hulphur Bprlngs: at Vultort
(or Allrurla; at Lyttnn fur Lyttun Hin ln»a, at
Ut-yterviild (or ftkagg* Hi>rlnK4i at CloyenlnU
for 1 ha neyaers: ut 1 1. nil. in, I (ov liitnuan
Idiirlnvs, Illgnlunif 1, Kelaeyvills, tv.iU-
i.i'l rinrlnaa, n..-il.i (lay, i.nU.i<.>« t an4 llartlmt
Hprlnif»i at IJklah tu¥ Vkhy biir|ngi», flaraiog*
P|'rlnH8, Itlue l#kea. l.uiuel |/,n l.^ka, Wnid.
h|irln»»i IU'H«>" I<bkb, j'.iiii.., i'ntur Vallxy.
J..l.i» pav'n, tilveral4a, l,i«rl«v'«,, ¦ in.-:U i» r - if «
tfeti/bi*, HmIIvIIIs, Off'* Hu|
HitFlnar"; Manrt'wlno VA\y, rnri Him^, Wmsi.
noFi. " (/sal. WIMlis, Mvlortvllld. 0Mn\m\m,
fail's Nfrin0«. iUrr1#, Ot^n't, Pv«r, to»\u
<*<i'1 HUFeKAt
hrtliif.lrty ».. itnn.lay f .Min.1fr|[i »|.:l»-t<. «t f*'
i1H>bi1 Ml^=i
Weak Men and. Womon,
SHOULD liHM DAMIANA lunnriB, ihh
• r»ni M«*leaa rcmedyt g\r*» h«alih anil
llrtugtB tw Miual affan*. D*pjt, lii Atarktl.
EAXLWAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Every Night .(Including Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Pill ISSSPBfl SAN FRANCISCO'S
<UrUfLUf£i.iS».1M LEADING THEATRE
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
100 IN THE GREAT CAST.
THE MUSICAL HIT OF THE
CONTINENTS.
Curtain tt 8:15 sharp. Carriages at 10:45.
Under the. direction of Messrs. John C. Fisher
and Thos. W. Ryley.Fourth round— Slsquoc beat Dewdrop, 10-2;
Rector a bye.
Deciding course — Rector beat Sisquoc, 8-6.
Junior champion stake, first round— Aeneid
Kennels' Aeolus beat D. J. Healey's Tiburon,
10-3; T. Barre'9 Amedee beat Sterl & Knowles'
Freeze Out, 6-3; H. Lynch's A. J. Martin beat
A. R. Curtis' Lord Beaconsneld, 18-11; Chi
arinl Bros.' Tame Tralee beat Sterl & Knowles*
Cold Shivers. 6-5; T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy
beat J. H. Perigo's Faraway, 11-9; George
Nethercott's Hickory Dick beat D. J. Healey's
Elista. 17-12; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer a
bye.
Second round— Aeolus beat Amedee. 6-4; A.
J. Martin beat Tame Tralee, 13-6: Tralee Boy
beat Hickory Dick, 7-2; Royal Archer a bye.
Third round — A. J Martin beat Aeolus, 8-5;
Royal Archer beat Tralee Boy. 8-4.
Deciding course— A. J. Martin beat Royal
Archer. 6-4.
In the cricket match played at Alameda
yesterday low scoring was the order of
the day. The Alameda batsmen made no
stand at all against the bowling of Casldy
and Miller, the former, taking nve wickets
for 27 runs and the latter capturing five
for 14." The Innings closed for a total of
45 runs. Thanks to the stand made by
A. W. Wilding, who scored 30,. and W.
Petherick, who compiled 27 runs, the Pa
cific total reached 69, of which four were
extras. Bert Bird was very much on the
spot with the ball, taking seven wickets
for seven runs, while Hogue, Croll and
Ward Jr. captured one- apiece. Alameda
did somewhat better in its second innings,
Bert Bird scoring 18 and Harold- Ward 16.
Eight wickets were down for 67 runs at
the call of time, F. Stahl and W. G. Fort
mann not- going to the wickets. The
match was decided- In the. first innings,
and was won by the Pacifies by 24 runs.
C. B. Hill, who returned- to the cricket
field after a long absence, took five wick
ets in the second innings of the Alameda
team. The Pacific eleven lacked the val
uable services of John Myers, C. P. Cole
and Harold B. Richardson. ¦ •
Ball, Capturing Seven Wickets
for Seven Runs.
Bert Bird Does Great "Work With tho
PACIFIC CRICKETERS
DEFEAT ALAMEBANS
The American season, as this period is
called. in London, is drawing to an end.
The steamers sailing for America to-day
and next week are filled to their capacity.
The express train taking the passengers
of the American line steamer St. Paul
to Southampton to-day was unusflally
crowded. 1 • ' **>';• W
Among the best are those In whi^h
Americans are directly Interested. In re
gard to "Iris," Pinero's new piece, the
play is pronounced to be a perfect piece
of workmanship and one which will sup
ply, an inexhaustible subject for argu
mrat. Most of the critics, however, pay
Fay Davis the compliment of saying she
is unable to portray the character of the
lovely, luxurious and Immoral heroine to
the life.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— London's autumn
season Is in full swing. The most promi
nent society people may be seen in Lon
don daily. The fashionable restaurants
are crowded and several of the "West
End theaters are doing a splendid busi
ness.
Theatrical Folk From
This Country High
in Favor.
AMERICANS WIN
BRITISH PRAISE
Moccasin .Wins a Small Yacht Raca
\ ;; Prom^^ Paradise Cove 'to .Bed ;
I .• .- Rock and Return. .. ':] '
S" The ¦ last :,' cruise of :the**San, Francisco'
Yacht Club -to- Vallejo, during .the present
season was scheduled for Saturday, but
CORINTHIANS ENJOY
A CHOWDEE.. CRtTISE
ANTIOCH, \ Sept. 29.— The ; ¦ undefeated
Maccabees of Antioch, defeated.the:Sui
suns on .' the Antioch diamond "to-day in
one of the best games; played here this
season. The score was 3 to 2. This Is the
sixteenth game the. Maccabees have , won
this season.- They now. believe' they ' are
entitled '• to , the >• amateur- championship,
and- are prepared to defend' that'! title
against allTcomer8.:y-: v •. /- • •¦:
Maccabees Still Undefeated.
Judge John Grace leaves for St. Louis
this morning. He will Judge. the most im
portant coursing • meeting of the year
held outside of .San Francisco" in that city
next Saturday. ; The great event of the
meeting will bo the: American • 'Waterloo,
for 1 which the • dogs sent from * this ¦ State
are' already, favorites. Judge Grace pre
sided in- the saddle at this merting ten'
years ago.- and , each ¦ succeeding year ef
forts have been made -to secure his ser
vices,' as at that ; time his -presence gave
the sport a boom in the Middle West.
Judge John Grace ¦ Goes East.
Rifle at 200 yards.- Columbia target— A. H.
Pape. 38. 40. 46, 61; A. B. Dorrell. 42. 43,' 55, 68;
G. Mannel, 66.77,83; S. M. Barley, 72; Dr. J.
P. Twist. 64. 88. 90. 93; B. A. -Allen.- 181. 153;
F". S. Washburn. . 85. ¦ ¦' ¦ :¦?.
Creedmoor, 200 yards— B. A. -Allen, 47, 45, 44;
Ed Hovey, 47, 44. 44. 44. . . ,
22 and 25 caliber ¦ rifle at 50 yards— G. W.'
Hoffman. 28; C. Q. Glmmel, 62, 70. '
Revolver at E3 , yards — P. , Becker. . 38, 48, . 57. .
Pistol at 50 yards— F. S. Washburn; 40, 62,
64, ,69; G. W.- Hoffman. ' 46. ' 52, 60; Dr. J.- F.
Twist, 56, 65; George Mannel/ 64,* 65.' 67, 75; P.
Sanchez.: 97.Y 103. Jll, 112. ¦- . . . ..¦>»:
The following scores were made by the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club at Harbor
View range yesterday: ;••,.- - • .-•¦¦•:
Pistol Experts at the Range.
The' election of officers of the 'Shell
Mound Pistol &nd Rifle Club, held last
Wednesday night, resulted as follows:
President, H. .Bortfeld: vice president, H.
Huber; secretary. W. Biebie; treasurer. A. J
2*Ciehaus; shooting masters, K. Nlehaus
and F. H. Slebie; trustees, D. Wilbern,
J* Sieble.and G. Paulson.
Company I. First Infantry, National Guard
cf California, monthly medal shoot— Captain
Moore 42. Lieutenant W. Corcoran 42. Sergeant
H. Etolzenwald 30, Sergeant Rlddell 32. Cor
poral C. Massberg 30. C. Blttye . 27. T. Con
nolly 35. J. Feutren 37, W. C. Hayes 33. J
Kallman SS, DL Mooore 33, T. McGllvery 31 '
R Powers 30, C. R'ddell 32. F. Echurra 22
G. H. Seyden 41. C. Fleck. 39, J. Deasy, M.
Ososke 7. J. C. Cheeseman 1C.
Every target at Shell Mound was occu
pied yesterday from early morning until
twilight. The moet important event oX
tne day was the quarterly State shoot
ot.-the Baaalion ot Ariihery, National
uuara of Caniornia. Lieutenant \v. b.
urattan supervised the practice. He ex
prebseu himself as highly satisfied with
its letults.
The independent Rifles held their prize
ehoot vesterday. in connection with their
anuuai lamuy outing at Shell Mound
•me contests fcr the most part were
CloM and exciting, and the large crowd
01 spectators showed unusual interest
va& oeing taken In the events of the day.
The members of both the Artillery and
Inoependent Rifles were present iu uni-
Ounpanles A, G and L, National Guard
ol cantornia, neld men regular monthly
g roots also. .
jne scores for the day are as follows.
battery A. Battalion of Artillery, quarterly
Stair tsUOOt : [ j
Battery E. Battalion of Artillery. National
Guard of California, quarterly State shoot:
Battery C. Battalion of Artillery. National
Guard of California, quarterly State shoot. '
Battery T>. Battalion of Artillery. National
G::ard of California, quarterly State shoot.
? „ 1 e. a P a 1 tafr - b »""»°n of artillery, quar
terly State Bhoot-Major H. P. Bush <i, Cap-
E ; «• E!*«i 39. Sergeant Major C/f.
Knerr C*. Commissary Eerceant F. A. Taggard
™ Cl » r 5 81 ?*!? 1 G B - Evan « * Color Ser-
K^am a. F. Anderson 20.
In^ppendcnt Rffl^, annual prize shoot-C. H
Komb<»ok 24. E. Hdmke 20 H Fchlichtmani
19. G. Mitchell 19. P. Bchonig 19. J.H.KShlke
18. C. Hcrinsr 18. K. Moennlng 18, J. Bchllcht
mann 18. W. Tlenken IS, H. Marzhoff IS R
V. Either 17, H. Gaetjen Jr. ITT C Frederick:
C Wh r V w :, M « l «*»« 1 ck..l7. 1 C. IverSofi IT.
S A s £ haf « r 17 « H - Tannamacher 17. J. Staude
"• £ S ran f 3 J' C ; An(3r «^s I«. H. JooBt 16,
J \\. Nowdesha. 16. F. Laun 16. C. Bchn-irW
£•„¦*•, Brenjord 15, H. Kuhlke 14. Captain
Bchneider 14. E. E. Welgel 14, C. Bten«W 14
H. Gaetjen 14. H. Menke 14. G. Kellenbwer
?s"r^££- Brlnckmann »• j - b^
Company A. First Infantry. National Guard
of California., monthly medal shoot— Captain
Geonre F. Ballinger 35. Corporal J. O'HaralO
W- Byrne 38. G. H. Stahl 33. O. Wei™ 33
O. Lteb 32. Sergeant F. McCarthy 16 T Cun
rilnrhara 21. J. Herbst 52. J. Mlten'er "» j
%erheyen SO. Serreant TV. Lieb 37 M w"
Grovere 18. F. Delamater 14, J. J. Hardy 38*
W. WlUiam«-24. J. Tomsky 7. Sergeant J.
Murphy 26, \V. Brown 29. M. J. Duffy 32 F
X Sullivan 17, Corporal J. Reilly 32. Corporal
x^OTjpn^rty 20.
Company G, First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Captain
Wall 3S, Lieutenant Neubert 35. Sergeant Phil
lips 38. Sergeant Owens 41. Sergeant ' Noyes
36. Sergeant Miller 22. Sergeant Ktroth 37. Cor
poral Southertand 30. J. Dolan 32. M. J. Lyons
25. H. Sptllman 33, R. Whelan 30.. M. Bradley
30. J. Tully 24, J. Daley 23, C. Schath 27. A.
Ames 20. B. Ahrena 29. .
Runs responsible for— Mosklman 4, Strlcklett
2. Two-base ; hits— Flood, Stanley,- Strlcklett.
Sacrifice hits— Stricklett (2). Doyle. McLaugh
lln, Devereaux. Firs*-t)ase on errors—Sacra
mento 2. • First base oh called balls— Off Strlck
lett 1. Left on bases— Oakland 5, Sacramento
8. Struck out— By Strlcklett 5. . Hit by pitcher
— Dunleavy. ..Time of game — One hour and fifty
minutes. Umplre-*-Levy. - Official scorer — Ruth
erford.
Oakland ................ 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 1 0 : 0 0 8 0 0.1 0—5
Sacramento ............ 1 0 0 3 0 0 2 1 •— 7
Base hits 2 1 0 4 10 2 2 •— 12
SUMMARY. .. ' ¦ ¦
Totals ............84 .7 12 3 27. 9 -1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss 4 0 0 0 12 0
Flood. 2b 6 18 1.2 2 1
Sheehan. 3b 5 0 1 0 1; 2 .0
Hotter, rf 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Doyle, cf 3 1 1,0 1.0 0
McLaughlln, If 3 2 0 1 ,3 0 0
Davis, lb 4 12 18 0 0
Stanley, c 4 12 0 7 0 0
Strlcklett, p 2 1 10 3 3 0
Totals..... ..33 3 60 24 14 5
SACRAMENTO. . .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 4 0 2 0 Z 2 1
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Streib. rf 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Eagan. ss 4 0 0 0 1-5 0
Mosklman. p 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
Babbitt. 3b 4 11.01 2 1
Dunleavy, cf 3 1 0 0 1.0 0
Arrellanes. If ..t 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Hanson, c 3 1.0 0 1,1 1
OAKLAND.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 29.— Sacramento
won the game to-day, taking the entire
week's series from Oakland. The score
was 7 to 3. At the beginning of the ninth
Inning, when the game was hopelessly
lost to Oakland. Eagan, the acting cap
tain, notified the scorer he would. protest
the game on the ground that Flood, who
had been suspended by President Moran,
was allowed to play. Score:
Senators Take the Series.
These prices, reduced to the -basis of an
average crop in the sweatbox, and,allow
ing $12 per tori for steaming; wlll'be equiv
alent to 2.796 cents per pound.
The low figure is quoted because the as
sociation does not control a sufficient
¦ acreage to maintain higher' prices. Presir
•dent . Kearner -; announces. that if- signa
tures giving the association control of 75
per cent can : be • obtained : prices ¦ will | be
: advanced at * once. At present less than
! 60 per cent is pledged. ¦ \ • i * ' .
FRESNO, Sept. 20.— The directors of the
California Raisin Growers' Association
have cut prices and have entered into a
contract with a new packing - company,
with the "high five" as a nucleus, to
handle the crop. The prices announced
are on a basis, of somewhat lower than 3
cents In the sweatbox, but are made with
out, any guarantee that even these low
prices, will be maintained-
Articles of incorporation of the Ameri
can Raisin Packing Company were tiled
yesterday. • The corporation start** with
seven directors— W. M. Griffin of Ala
meda, A. Gartenlaub and Arthur Castle
of San Francisco, A. G. /.Freeman of
Berkeley and L. L. Gray, T. H. Lynch
and A, L. McGray of Fresno. ¦ • - •
The packing houses composing the new
company are as follows: Fresno Home
Packing 'Company, FTesno and Selma;
Castle Brothers, Fresno; Eagle Packing
and Storage Company, Fresno; Phoenix
Kalsln, Seeding and Packing Company,
Fresno and Fowler; Golden West Pack
ing Company, Fresno; William Forsyth,
at Vineyard and Del Key; Griffin & Sitel
ley Co., Fresno, Sultana and Dinuba; Por
ter Brothers Company, Fresno, Reedley
and Bakersfleld ; . Hanford and Armona
Fruit and Raisin Exchange, Hanford and
Armona; Charles Downing, Armona; B.
L. Barney, Hanford and Armona; the Co
operative Association .at the. folio wing
packing houses: Eastern 'Packing Com
pany," Fresno; Hanford Raisin and Dried
Fruit Company, Hanford; Klngsburg Co
operative Packing Association, Kings
burg;. Linriea Co-operative Packing Asso
ciation, Parlier; Madison Co-operative
Packing Association; Oleander Packing
Company, Oleander; • Producers' ; Raisin.
Packing Company, Fresno; Union Co-op
erative Packing Association, Los Palmos.
Within a day or two several more names
may be added to these.
The growers have fixed the following
prices, subject to chance with notice;
Price per twenty-pound box—Clusters-Impe
rial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London
Layers, 3-crown, $1 35; 3-crown, $1 25. -
Price per pound — Standard Loose j Muscatels.
4-crown. 4%c; 3-crown, . 4%c; . 2-crown, 3%c;
Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; . Seedless Sultanas,
S%c; Thompson .Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sul
tanas, fancy, 8V5c; choice, 7V6c; Standard. 6%c;
prime, 6%c; Bleached Thompsons. - extra fancy,
lie;- fancy, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 7%c;
prime.- 6VSc. *; ' '- .
Runs responsible for— Iburg 1. Hartwell 4.
Two-base hits — Iburg, Atherton, Krug, Nor
dyke. Sacrifice . hits — Reitz. Schwartz, Pabst,
Dougherty. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco 2, Los Angeles 2. First .base on called
balls— San Francisco 2. Los Angeles 2. ( Left on
bases — San Francisco 5, Los Angeles 9. Struck
out — By Iburg 2, by Hartwell 6. Passed ball —
Spies. ! Wild pitches— Hartwell 2. -Time . of
game— 2:00. Umpire-L. W. . Hardie. Official
scorer— H. S. McFarlln. • . ...
. Totals 87 6 10 0 24 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lob Angeles '.....'...".. .0 0 3 0 0 101 0—5
Base hits'. 1 0 3 0 0 1 0 3 2— 10
San Francisco .1 1 2 2 110 0 .•— 8
Base hits ....1' 12 4 12 1 0 •— 12
V • SUMMART.-
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, rf -8 12 0 0 0 0
Reitz. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
Hemphill, If. 10 0 0 0 0 0
Householder, cf 5 1 2 0 2 0 0
Kihm. lb 6 0 10 8 11
C. Reilly. 3b 4,' 0 1 0 .1 2 1
Hall, s. s... ."4 0 10 0 2 0
Spies, c 8 0 0 0 9 10
Hartwell. p 4 11 0 0 1,1
Atherton, If 4 2 2 0 4 10
Totals 3t 8 12 2 27 -10 3
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. cf. 6 2 2 0 10 0
Wilson. 2b 4 1 2 0 3 2 0
Hlldebrand, If. 4 13 0 2 0 1
Schwartz, rf., ...'... 3 0 1,020 0
Pabst. lb. 3 1 0 1 12 0 0
Krug, s. s.. 4 1 2 4 2 2 0
Graham, c 3 1 0 0 4 1.0
J. Reilly, 3b.... 4 0 0 0 1 6 1
Iburg. p. 4 12 10 0 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
The morning game at Oakland was also
a slugging match, the Germans coming
out on top with eight runs and twelve hits
to five and ten, respectively, for their op
ponents. Hartwell made two wild pitches
and walked two, Iburg also giving a pair
of free passes. Atherton did the best
work with the stick for Los Angeles, mak
ing two runs and a like number of hits.
Little Hlldebrand had his batting eyes
with him and secured tnree safe ones.
Like Whalen in the aXternoon, "Ham
Iburg did some surprising stunts with tho
bat, getting two hits'. The game was
long drawn out. requiring two hours to
play. The score:
MORNING GAME.
Formed to Handle
the Crop.
New Packing Company
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. c f 5 1 2 0 2 0 0
Wilson, c 4 0 2 "0 4 .1 ,. 0
Hlldebrand. 1. f : 4 . 0 0 0 0 0 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 2 1 11 0 0
Pabst, lb 4 1 1 0 13 0 0
Krug:, 2b .....4 0. 0 0. 2 3 .0
Shay. e. s... 4 0: 2 0 -4 30
J. Reilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 13 1
Whalen, p.... 3 2 2 0 0 ; 2
Totals ..36 6 ' 10 1/ 27 12 1
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f 5 0 1/01 0 0
R«ltx. 2b 4 1 1 0 3 4 .0
Atherton.' I. I 4 2 ' 3 0 2 0 0
Householder, c. t.... 4 0*10' 5 '0 1
Kihm. lb... ......r... 4 0 0 0 10 1 ' 0
C. Reilly. 3b 4 0 1 . 0 1- 2. 0
Hall. s. s 4 0 1 0 0 0 2
Spin, e 4 1 ¦ 1...0 2 0. 0
Altrock p 3- 0 10 0 8 ' 0
•Hemphill 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals .'. 1...37 4' 10 0 ; 24 . 10 3
•Batted, for Altrock in ninth. , • ¦ .
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lob Angeles.. ......... ..0 0 0 0 0,2 1 1 0-'4
Base hits .....121 01 l'Jj 0-1Q
SAN FRANCISCO.
The past week's series of ball games at
Recreation grounds and at Oakland was
a repetition of the same old story— tho;
Los Angeles team arriving here with its
average fattened by many victories on the
home grounds and within striking dis
tance of the lead, only to have its fond
est hopes shattered by the overwhelming
defeat administered by the San Francisco
champions. The Redlegs were completely
outclassed yesterday both at Oakland and
on the local grounds, and finished the
series with but a single victory to their
credit. They brought a strong team and
fought hard, but luck seemed against
them. If they do not take a majority of
the games from the Oakland cripples next
week the^oveted pennant will go to the
Germans. \
1 Pabst was the first man to come home.
In the second inning lie hit out. a double,
took third on a wild pitch and came in on
Krug's hot drive to Reitz, which was
fielded too slowly. Schwartz scored an
other run in the fourth by means of two
errors by Hall. Whalen and Wilson mads
the rounds in the fifth by means of a pair
of hits, a passed ball and an error by
Householder. In the sixth and seventn
the German side of the score went two
higher, aided by the clean hitting of
Schwartz, Shay, Whalen, Nordyke and
Wilson, giving the locals six runs and the
game.
Reitz opened the sixth round for Los
Angeles with a hard drive to Reilly, whicli
Josh overthrew, putting "Oriole" on sec
ond. He soon scored on Atherton's two
bagger, the latter following on a couple
of infield outs. In the seventh and -eighth
a home run by Atherton and hits by Spies
and AUrock netted two more runs. The
game went to the home team by a score
of six to four. V
Whalen and Altrock. the southpaw, did
the slab work. Both were hit hard. vThe
Germans' hits, however, were more time
ly and they were clearly entitled. to the
victory. "Chimmie der Whale" sprung a
surprise on the crowd by rapping out two
safe ones— a double and a single. For
the "Looloos" big Atherton did the heavi
est hitting, getting a home run over tho
center field fence and two clean two-bag
gers. Hall, the new Angel shortstop, had
only two chances. He missed them both,
letting In a run. Hemphill was put in to
bat in place of Altrock in the ninth, but
could do nothing with "Chimmie.'
Notwithstanding the wet weather the
grounds were packed and the vast throng
cheered wildly every time a GermarMnade
a good play. Oakland and Los Angeles
will play here next .week, while the
Wasps will journey to the. Capital City
to ! argue with . the Senators.- Following
Is the score : .. _.--,,.
RAISIN COMBINE
SLASHES PRICES
Runs responsible for— Whalen 2. Altrock 2.
Home run— Atherton. Two-base hits— Atherton
2, Pabst. Wilson. Spies. Whalen, Householder.
First base on errors— San Francisco 2. Los An
geles 1. First base on called balls— San Fran
cisco 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 7, Los
Angeles 6. Struck out-By Altrock 2. by Wha
len 2. Passed ball— Spies. Wild pitch— Altrock.
Time of game— 1:30. Umpire— Lou Hardte.
Official scorer— H. S. McKarlln.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco ..........0 1 0 1 2 1 1 0 •- 6
Base hits 0 10 0 2 2 3 2 •— 10
only a few boats made the port of desti
nation. The schooner Chlspa started from
Sausallto at 2:30 on Saturday afternoon.
The yawl Royal and the sloop Nlxle left
their moorings half an hour later, tne
sloops Thetis and Surprise at 6 p. m. and
the sloops Cygnus and Dewey nearly an
hour later. A ifair breeze carried the !
yachts to McNetrs Landing. The Sur
prise, Thetis and Nlxle made Vallejo. J.
R. Savory's sloop Juanlta, which left Sau
sallto on Thursday evening, also lay at
anchor off Mare Island. The Chispa
dropped her hook In Paradise Cove.
The Corinthians left Tiburon Cove at
various times on Saturday afternoon and
evening, coming to anchor In Paradise
Cove, where a big fire was built, around
which the yachtsmen gathered for chow
der and other good things, i The Edna
quartet enlivened the proceedings with
songs. ' ' • ¦ ' « !• • ¦
Yesterday there was a regatta in which
the sloops Moccasin. Stella and the yawl
Caprice raced from Paradise Cove around
Red Rock and return, finishing In the or
der named. ,
The sloop Mischief with a pafty of
ladles on board went out for a cruise; yes
terday, and the sloop Sappho sailed as far
as McNears Landing. • The Corinthian
fleet anchored In Paradise Cove included
tho sloops Truant, Freda, Speedwell,
Aeolus, Emilie, Genesta,- Emma, Edna,
Belle, Iris, Cupid, Harpoon and Mignon.
and the yawls Arcturus and Spray. The
big schooners Aggie and Lurline were out
for a spin.
Struggle Hard, but Are
Outplayed by the
r- Germans.
JOHN- GRACE, THe' PREMIER COURSING JUDGE^OF AMERICA,>HO LEAVES TO-DAY^FOR ST. lOTHj
HAVING BEEN ESPECIALLY CHOSEN TO PRESIDE IN THE SADDLE AT THE MEETING AT WHICH
THE AMERICAN WATERLOO CUP WILL BE COMPETED FOR.
ANGELS AGAIN
TASTE OF DEFEAT
not expected to roll up many points in
his next course. Six to one was the price
against him. In the run up the field he
showed his previous hard work had had
no bad- effect. He led the fast black dog
to the hare and beat him in the work.
This course, too, was a long one, and the
talent, figuring that the winners was no
match for the lapid Aeolus, his next op
ponent, laid 4 to 1 against his chances.
Again the youngster showed his game
ness, and Aeolus retired.
"When the sensational runner was
slipped for the final he had Royal Archer
for an opponent. Archer had just beaten
Tralee Boy, a 1 to 4 favorite, and with his
total of 96 seconds against Martin's 185,
was looked upon as a winner. The talent
was" wary, however, and though making
nual Outing and Priza
Shoot.
Independent Rifles Give An-
National Guard Marks
men Hold Exciting
Contests.
ARTILLERYMEN
AT THE BUTTS
HUGH LYNCH'S A. J. MARTIN DEFEATS THE FASTEST DOGS
ENTERED FOR THE COMPETITION AT UNION COURSING PARK
YOUNG GREYHOUND A WONDER IN JUNIOR CHAMPION STAKE
SAN JOSE RIDERS
PROVE FASTEST
Defeat Rival Teams in
a Twenty-Mil©
"Race.
Place Second Win of a Valu
able Trophy to Their
Credit.
The bicycle riders sporting the colors
of the Golden Gate Athletic Club Wheel
men of San Jose placed the second win
to their credit yesterday of the Baker &
Hamilton cup, the most beautiful tropiy
ever raced for on this coast by wheel
men. >>;^:" • .r»'\ ¦ .:••'
The cup was offered for competition in
1898 and was won by the Acme Club of
Oakland. In 1807 the Bay City Wheel
men won It. In the two succeeding years
it was won by the Olympic Club Wheel
men, while last year the Garden City
Wheelmen placed the first victory to
their credit. It must be won three times
to become the property of a club.
The race is held annually over a twenty
mile course commencing at Fitchburg.
four miles from San Leandro. Two cir
cuits of the famous /"triangle" course,
which commences at/ San Leandro, com
plete the twenty miles. Kach club enters
nve riders. They are started In groups
made up of one rider irom each cIud.
These groups are started five minutes
apart.
A. McDonald of {5an Jose made the
fastest time yesterday, riding the twenty
mhes in fifty minutes and fifteen seconds.
Burton Downing, a club mate, took four
iifths of one second longer. Edwin a\
Russ Is credited with the fastest time In
the race, having covered the distance last
ye%r In forty-nine minutes thirty-seven
and three-fifths seconds.
The total time required by all the
Garden City team yesterday to cover the
course was three minutes fourteen and
two-fifths seconds less than that required
by the Bay City Wheelmen. This Is the
basis on which the race is decided. The
time made by each rider is shown In the
appended table: ' .
The officers of the Associated- Cyclists
have a delicate question of racing ethics
to decide before the cup will be placed in
possession of the team which finished
first yesterday. Since the last race the
club has changed its name from the
Garden City Wheelmen to the Garden
City Athletic Club Wheelmen, having
consolidated -with an athletic club. Its
officers remain the Same, and none of the
men on its racing: team have been drawn
from the ranks of the athletic club. Its
team was not strengthened in the trans
action. The cup was withheld pending Uia
decision of the board of officers.
The officials In charge of the race yes
terday were:
Referee. E. B. Learning: Judges— Frank Bush.
G. C. Lamkin, J. M. Hamilton and H. L. Day;
starter, F. W. Smith; timers— J. A. Desimone,
J. W. Leavitt. Archie Reid. A. E. J. Nye, E.
Goeller; clerk of the course. George E. Dtxon;
scorer*— G. B. Stansenberger, Frank Carroll..
H. W. Spaldlng and E. F. Russ; marshals— L.
M. Bannan, G. M. Katsch, J. Holle, George
Fuller: M. C. Rambo, (chairman California
Associated Cyllsts' racing committee, in chargo
of race.
In the Handball Courts.
The games played at San Francisco
handball court yesterday resulted as fol
lows:
E. J. Sweeney and W. "Ward.. a 13 a 14 a
J. Ward and W. H. Egran 13 21 IS 21 13
R Regli and J. Glynn a 13 a a
G. Green and W. Johnson 17 21 13 19
J. JR. Bockman and D. J. Shee
han 21 14 21 20 21
N. Berger and E. Lynch 1$ a 17 21 W
E. Barry and P. Talo 21 15 21
D. Regan and T. Foley 19 21 17
G. D. Keely a 18 21
"W. D. Murray 17 a 13
J. J. Kavanaugh and J. Foley...21 21 16 15 21
E. White and W. Mitchell 13 17 21 21 13
J. Scanlan and, J. Conway 21 18 21
J. McDonald and "W. Dunn IS 21 13
J. Gonl and J. Bldart 75 aces
A. Agulrre and M. Bordor 43 aces
J. White and J. Harlow 75 aces
J. Rlordan and M. Dillon 68 aces
The games played at the Occidental
Club court resulted as follows:
"W. Rancell and N. Wachhorst beat C Mil
ler and C. S. Orr 21-13, 18-21. 21-16; G. Kelly
and W. Wlnchrop beat AV. Garey and F Hol
land. 21-9, 1S-21, 21-16; J. H. Kennealy and W
C. Rellly beat M. Dotan and J. Ennls. 21-14
17-21, 21-13; V. Hayes and W. Canovan beat V
Holland and A. Woelfel. 21-fO. 21-13: W Flsh<»f
and M. Duddy beat J. Horgan and W. Murray
21-18. 21-12. 21-17; G. B. Hayward and Ed Mur
phy beat Dr. LonftPbach and Ed Antron 21-13.
18-21 a-16; A. Collins and F. P. Haynes beat
J. Mahoney nnd W. Collins, 21-1(5 21-13, 18-21
21-16; Dr. F. Stapft beat W. Stapf. 21-18 18-21*
21-13; H. J. McNevln beat J. Sullivan' 21-17*
Hayes Valley Club Contests.
The following boxing contests are
scheduled by the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club for to-night at Mechanics* Pavilion
annex :
Barney Driscoll vs. Bob Johnson. 106 pounds:
John . Radlran v«.-Al • Duffy. 125 pounds! Tom
McVUlhams vs. Robert Thomas. 120 pounds;
Pete McGee v». Charles Black. 135 Dounda-
James Little vs. Frank Georg«. £» roSndS :
Burt Crowder vs John McDonald. 113 p^nds!
Joe Sullivan vs. John Moran. 130 pounds
A shipyard at Omlnato. Jaoan. still In
operation, was established over 1900
years ago. BgH
¦
THM BAN FKANQISCO QAhh t ¦ -MONDAY,* SEPTEMBER 00, 1001.
In the first round of the stake the
youngster sold at even money against
Curtis' Lord Beaconsneld. The pair were
slipped to a hard working hare that took
them a long route. At the end of the
course the score was 18-11 In Martin's
favor. With this amount of running
and being pitted aginst Tame Tralee, the
stake favorite, Lynch's champion was
ff YtVQn LYNeiri Hufhii-iiap,
m I Myitte Matd greyheuna puppy,
I A. JT. Martin, the yeunteet
,1 11 eeufBer In the Union Coursing
Park Junior ehatnplen Btake,
aeeerted his rl&ht to fll-st henors itt that
eVetit yesterday in n manner that proved
him by far the fasteBt dog in the stake.
The young 'xiirlndle traveler Was a Bur
prlse to even hie most ardent supporters,
though his wins were so clean-cut and
decisive that not one spectator denied
him his glory.
Apehif the faverlti. it h§ld dawn th§
edaite S te 4, ¦¦AMhep inad§ th§ best
fihewiiig against the brintlie wonder, but
fit that had to ho content With BPCun.l
pfaeei ¦ r
. hi the epen §take, A, ft. eurtii 1 Ghana,
an even tntJhjy 'bveNtiight favbflte, wen
fl/st money, /beating Ed Neave'e FitBt
Foot in the deciding dbUfse. /
The special blake was an almest clean
sweep for the taleht The Grafter's win
over Tyrone Prince, a 3 to B favorite, be
ing: the only upset.
. Rector won the Btake, with Stsquoc
runner-up. 8l3quoc opened a Blight fa
vorite, but only for a moment, Rector ad
vancing to a 4 to 5 choice.
The hares were a great lot and did
their share toward furnishing a card of
. fine sport.
Following are the day'B results, with
Judge Grace's official scores: .
Open stake, third round— A. R. Curtis' Charta
beat George Nethercott's Red i Rock. 5-1; E.
, Geary's Fannie Hughle beat J. M. Halton's
May Hempstead, 5-3; E. Geary's Ruby Bankey
beat P. Tiernan's General De Wet, 6-0; M.
Nealon's Achilles beat D. J. Healey's Fine
Form 8-2; Ed Neave's First Foot beat " L. F.
Bartels' Best Bargain: Ed Neave's Spiteful
.beat A. R. Curtis' Leola; J. A. Klein's Coro- i
Bide beat A, R, guHis 1 teyal Ladi SUP K#n>
hw liefsehil's rMde a B3r§,
FdUFth rHunit=charta beat Jfafinle Mutnl'i
t^Bi ttuby BAHkey beat Aehiile*. 4»at tfim ftwt
beat Cor6.nado, 4*81 iletseheOs Pride bea»
Fifth 'rouVd-ChaftA beat fttiby Batikey, i^it
first foot beat Merschel's Pride* 4-k
Dpcl.llngr eours&^Charta beat First Foot. B-0.
Hppclal stake, first round— F 4 Jones' Harlean
Gladys beat Ed Neave's Castaway, 4-0; ChW
nrlnl Bros.' bewdrop beat B. Bllva's Master
Rocket, T-5; George Nethercott's Floodgate beat
Yosemite .Kennels* Mose. 6-1; George Shar
man's Black Flush beat Chlarlnl Bros.' San
tonin, 24-16; E. Geary's Ireland beat C. O. Pe
terson's Bllver Cloud. 4-3; E. Geary's America
beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan, 3-0; A. R. Curtis'
FlylnR Fox beat D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy.
8-6; D. J. .Healey's Slsquoc beat F. Jones*
Wedgewood. 4-2; J. Markland's The Grafter
beat G. Graham's Tyrone Prince. 4-3; T. J.
Cronln's Vandal beat P. J. Rellly's Honesty.
7-3; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat George Shar
man's Chicago Boy. 3-1: A. K. Curtis* Rector
beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta, 6-3.
Second round— Dewdrop beat Harlean Gladys.
5-0; Floodgate a bye; Flying Fox beat Ireland.
17-13; Slsquoc beat America. 2-0; Luxor beat
The Grafter, 9-7; Rector beat Vandal, 6-4.
Third round— Dewdrop beat Luxor, 4-3: Sls
quoc beat Flying Fox, 6-2; Rector beat Flood
gate, 4-2.
8
xaras
I aw. |
1 300. | 'Mi.
til
J.
G.
w
K.
u
M.
C
CUl'
A*'
'. fc
. A
J.
c
I).
icnant Varney
«nt H. LHuicner ..
. ..u:u!l
iar.iOflia
H. Homer
i. Millican
. liigelow
.'. iiose
). Fisher
~— — — — J
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 12
21
U
1»
15
IS
3
S
lt> 11
1/ —
2U 22
21 21
21 17
12 9
23 IS
5 2
0 —
<_.
B.
u.
1 .
A.
B.
H.
G.
C
J.
M.
E.
D.
K.
J.
H.
. a
K.
H.
. Li
B,
K
K.
J.
O'
P
. H.
a
. c
Va
. H
.'oruon
. Jenten
. j^ocke
.ien
. Ueirjr
'. Marson
. McCarthy
O Connor
Brien
Ylnee
I. Sablatchea
;. Sioss
r. Schumn
anna
i. Hildebrand ...
0
13
15
2
9
17
m
13
18
21
30
3
6
9 5
0 S
o 8
5 12
2 4
12 4
3 17
- 11
12 11
4 10
8 2
I.I
K.
J.
M.
C
L.
n
. Perry
' Anderson
Singer
V. Jones
Morris
. Llewellyn
! rSnhvna
•. 9
.; li
.: s
.<-.. 13
3
21
18
— 0
12 8
- 10
N
Yards
2*5. I 300. j 500.
Cs
Li
LI
Be
P*
Fp
Pp
O
Ca
O'-
er
C
G
r.
c
c.
r
IT
H
J.
J
V
r
ptain W. X. Swasey
-uterianf 'W. S. Grattan —
•utenant P. J. ICeuman —
rpeant W*. N. Galbralth
-pcant F. J. Povey
rpear.t A. S. Hatfleld
rpparn W. W. Thompson..
i-poral S. H. Stewart
rpcral B. Hopkins
rporal J. 'V\'. Cobby
rpors.1 L. H. BarrJeau
F. Belcart
F.'Clanon
B. Heineman
A Johnson
R. Mclntosh j
B Munfrer
H Mitchell
"W. Mitchell
C. Roberts
J Rvan I
. K. Sellars I
D Shaw I
17 19 2
25 " — 10
25 19 21
17 3 —
23 20 21
24 24 25
23 13 —
9 17 7
12 14 4
22 12 —
13 12 —
9 7 —
18 23 8
25 22 21
15 10 10
10 I — —
8 I 20 10
16 18 16
25 20 18
9 9 17
I 6 — —
I 18 10 —
I 23 I 12 14
j mras
Nam*- I 200. I 30ff. I 500.
m*
n
r,
I.
><
A
T.
3i
n
a
t3
r.
r.
f
p.
u
n
A
»
K
K
C
r
I
I
P
.A
.T
P
r
c
r
v
v.
j
j
r
r
r,
T
F
r
Y
r
J>
r
I
<
•pptain G. J. Petty 14 I 15 5
lieutenant J. N*. Ross 21 17 3
.Irutenant J. J. Hyer 9 17 —
'¦frceatit F. F. Carson. 24 I 19 20
irrpeant W r . D. Grant 23 j 22 2S
TW r. tlnfred 17 I 19 19
v. H. Kennedy ; T 17 I 9 15
. McDonald 16 1 22 I 8
:prp<?ant L,. XV. Grant 20 I 20 22
¦orporal V. 3. Kane 21 I 19 5 •
¦c-mora! H. J. Mu6grave 25 24 24
>. R. Armstrong 19 I 14' 16
C E. Bonifield 4 10 12
:. R. Hurchard 14 T *17 14
. F. Cook ] 15 I 17 18
. F-. FIrnn 21 T 10 11
¦' K. Goodrtl 25 - 25
'. .T. CrAodell 6 I 4 7
'r. U. Hardy 18 I 13 8
". Hoorcr 14 12 18
\ T. Keogh 10 6 13
'. Meyer 25 24 39
V. A. M"Qu!ddy 24 14 19
1. F. Northrop 22 ' 24 —
V. G. Petty 14 12. —
V. J. Ruddock 13 10 14
?. v. Puelflohn 17 S 9
•:. n. Suelflohn 12 7 S
5. F. Tooker " 17 J2 4
1 F.'W'althani 24 20 21
>V. Ptromberg 0—2
y. eoDttt 10 — —
?. W. Fuchs I 14 I s ifi
lards
?^ame— 200. | 300. I 500.
Meutenant F. K. Young ]9 20 13
Lieutenant A. Forlorn 20 IS —
Bmreant F. N. Turton 25 I 7 10
R*rgeant C. J. Mund 21 — 18
Corporal A. Johnson ]5 | yj jg
rorporal E. I>. Greene 18 I _ _
Corporal E. L. Heltman 21 17 14
H. J. Wilson 6 I — _
A - A- Brilnw 12 9 6
C. A. nrooke 17 8 q
F. O. nark Jo 1 ,?
W. H. OeMe « 17 , 7
E. P. Jacobson " 24 17 91
F. V. KiesHn* 22 Jo «
G. W. Kuehn j-V^H U 6 -
R. B. Mun.«on _ in
8?sssa^E ::: f J
££^fc:::::::::E: i! ¦ »2
Pos.
at
Fin.
FIRST RELAY.
Actual
Riding
Time.
1
2
3
I* Downing. Garden City
C. Long. Bay City
E. E. Bergman, California .
52:55
52:K»£
53:30
f
1
2
3
SECOND RELAY.
B. Downing. Garden City
J. Hobson. Bay City '..
W. Romboch. California
50:15 4-3
51:42 4-3
56:47
1
2
3
THIRD RELAY.
F. West, Bay City
C. Marty, Garden City
G. Seyfried, California
51:50
51:50 2-5
1:03:13 3-5
1
2
3
FOURTH RELAY.
C. Newson, Bay City 56:10
E. B. Wastie. Garden City 56:40
A. Carle, California 1:02 45
1
2
3
FIFTH RELAY.
A. McDonald. Garden City
H. Fowler, Bay City
C. A. Braun, California
50:13
52:32 1-5
52:32 2-5
xaras
I aw. |
1 300. | 'Mi.
til
J.
G.
w
K.
u
M.
C
CUl'
A*'
'. fc
. A
J.
c
I).
icnant Varney
«nt H. LHuicner ..
. ..u:u!l
iar.iOflia
H. Homer
i. Millican
. liigelow
.'. iiose
). Fisher
~— — — — J
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 12
21
U
1»
15
IS
3
S
lt> 11
1/ —
2U 22
21 21
21 17
12 9
23 IS
5 2
0 —
<_.
B.
u.
1 .
A.
B.
H.
G.
C
J.
M.
E.
D.
K.
J.
H.
. a
K.
H.
. Li
B,
K
K.
J.
O'
P
. H.
a
. c
Va
. H
.'oruon
. Jenten
. j^ocke
.ien
. Ueirjr
'. Marson
. McCarthy
O Connor
Brien
Ylnee
I. Sablatchea
;. Sioss
r. Schumn
anna
i. Hildebrand ...
0
13
15
2
9
17
m
13
18
21
30
3
6
9 5
0 S
o 8
5 12
2 4
12 4
3 17
- 11
12 11
4 10
8 2
I.I
K.
J.
M.
C
L.
n
. Perry
' Anderson
Singer
V. Jones
Morris
. Llewellyn
! rSnhvna
•. 9
.; li
.: s
.<-.. 13
3
21
18
— 0
12 8
- 10
N
Yards
2*5. I 300. j 500.
Cs
Li
LI
Be
P*
Fp
Pp
O
Ca
O'-
er
C
G
r.
c
c.
r
IT
H
J.
J
V
r
ptain W. X. Swasey
-uterianf 'W. S. Grattan —
•utenant P. J. ICeuman —
rpeant W*. N. Galbralth
-pcant F. J. Povey
rpear.t A. S. Hatfleld
rpparn W. W. Thompson..
i-poral S. H. Stewart
rpcral B. Hopkins
rporal J. 'V\'. Cobby
rpors.1 L. H. BarrJeau
F. Belcart
F.'Clanon
B. Heineman
A Johnson
R. Mclntosh j
B Munfrer
H Mitchell
"W. Mitchell
C. Roberts
J Rvan I
. K. Sellars I
D Shaw I
17 19 2
25 " — 10
25 19 21
17 3 —
23 20 21
24 24 25
23 13 —
9 17 7
12 14 4
22 12 —
13 12 —
9 7 —
18 23 8
25 22 21
15 10 10
10 I — —
8 I 20 10
16 18 16
25 20 18
9 9 17
I 6 — —
I 18 10 —
I 23 I 12 14
j mras
Nam*- I 200. I 30ff. I 500.
m*
n
r,
I.
><
A
T.
3i
n
a
t3
r.
r.
f
p.
u
n
A
»
K
K
C
r
I
I
P
.A
.T
P
r
c
r
v
v.
j
j
r
r
r,
T
F
r
Y
r
J>
r
I
<
•pptain G. J. Petty 14 I 15 5
lieutenant J. N*. Ross 21 17 3
.Irutenant J. J. Hyer 9 17 —
'¦frceatit F. F. Carson. 24 I 19 20
irrpeant W r . D. Grant 23 j 22 2S
TW r. tlnfred 17 I 19 19
v. H. Kennedy ; T 17 I 9 15
. McDonald 16 1 22 I 8
:prp<?ant L,. XV. Grant 20 I 20 22
¦orporal V. 3. Kane 21 I 19 5 •
¦c-mora! H. J. Mu6grave 25 24 24
>. R. Armstrong 19 I 14' 16
C E. Bonifield 4 10 12
:. R. Hurchard 14 T *17 14
. F. Cook ] 15 I 17 18
. F-. FIrnn 21 T 10 11
¦' K. Goodrtl 25 - 25
'. .T. CrAodell 6 I 4 7
'r. U. Hardy 18 I 13 8
". Hoorcr 14 12 18
\ T. Keogh 10 6 13
'. Meyer 25 24 39
V. A. M"Qu!ddy 24 14 19
1. F. Northrop 22 ' 24 —
V. G. Petty 14 12. —
V. J. Ruddock 13 10 14
?. v. Puelflohn 17 S 9
•:. n. Suelflohn 12 7 S
5. F. Tooker " 17 J2 4
1 F.'W'althani 24 20 21
>V. Ptromberg 0—2
y. eoDttt 10 — —
?. W. Fuchs I 14 I s ifi
lards
?^ame— 200. | 300. I 500.
Meutenant F. K. Young ]9 20 13
Lieutenant A. Forlorn 20 IS —
Bmreant F. N. Turton 25 I 7 10
R*rgeant C. J. Mund 21 — 18
Corporal A. Johnson ]5 | yj jg
rorporal E. I>. Greene 18 I _ _
Corporal E. L. Heltman 21 17 14
H. J. Wilson 6 I — _
A - A- Brilnw 12 9 6
C. A. nrooke 17 8 q
F. O. nark Jo 1 ,?
W. H. OeMe « 17 , 7
E. P. Jacobson " 24 17 91
F. V. KiesHn* 22 Jo «
G. W. Kuehn j-V^H U 6 -
R. B. Mun.«on _ in
8?sssa^E ::: f J
££^fc:::::::::E: i! ¦ »2
Pos.
at
Fin.
FIRST RELAY.
Actual
Riding
Time.
1
2
3
I* Downing. Garden City
C. Long. Bay City
E. E. Bergman, California .
52:55
52:K»£
53:30
f
1
2
3
SECOND RELAY.
B. Downing. Garden City
J. Hobson. Bay City '..
W. Romboch. California
50:15 4-3
51:42 4-3
56:47
1
2
3
THIRD RELAY.
F. West, Bay City
C. Marty, Garden City
G. Seyfried, California
51:50
51:50 2-5
1:03:13 3-5
1
2
3
FOURTH RELAY.
C. Newson, Bay City 56:10
E. B. Wastie. Garden City 56:40
A. Carle, California 1:02 45
1
2
3
FIFTH RELAY.
A. McDonald. Garden City
H. Fowler, Bay City
C. A. Braun, California
50:13
52:32 1-5
52:32 2-5
§1? M JH R&pG*&$J s *& £RHf£©&
Ww^^iMl yZmgagfr repeat. They don't jam, catch, or faU to extract. In a
_j '^ v \P*W word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
eh l"~ " rifles are made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
raL<^ i M9Ufj§fci styles; and are. plain, partially, or elaborately orna- '
JkSPIy / *3&M i%P rnented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
i^fII#lIP^^i *1r*i * 3 mac^ e *° r a^ kind" 3 of shooting in all kinds of guns.
EfUSHflriaik?? 'mvii.W&! FREE — Send name and address o/r postal for our 184-page catalogue.
WINnWFSTFR RFDFAHNR ARM^ M * 1 s-«o Market St.,Start October 3 or 4 andreturn In December.
Full particulars regarding Pan-American. Ex
cursion tickets, .which." cost :6nly- t $S7* for'th*
round trip, at tbe Santa Fe office, Ml Market
street. -,'y.y.'..-. ... .'. - ':.-¦... .:
Best Time of Year to. Go East.
Following Is the present status of the
McKinley memorial fund:
Previously reported, $6276 30; received at
Mayor's office yesterday, Uank of California,
1250; Emporium, $100; John Uermingham, jiuO;
California Fruit C&nners* Association, $100;
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, $100; U. N. Cook
Beltlnp Company, $50; George . W. Klngsbury
(Wick- House).- $50; Builders' Exchange,. J50;
Dtlltplane & Co., $50; Thomas Brown, $23;
Gladdlng-McBean Company. $25; Hooker & Co..
J2or Hlrshfelder' & Meany. $25; Hooker. & Co.,
Company. S2S;. Columbian- Banking Company.
$25; John Hoey (23; Mendelson Bros.. $20; Qlant
Powder Company. $20;- Kohlberg. Strauss &
Frohman. $20;, Gray ¦& Barbierl, $20; W. H.
Snodaker. ¦ $10; John Finn Metal Works,; $10;
Hammersmith & Field, $10; . Qeorgs .Greenz
welfr, $10; Golden Gate Compressed Yeast-Com
pany $5; Charles J." Uosworth, $5; J. Hauptli,
$2; M°eyersleln & Co.. $50; Western Iron Works.
$2S; Dr. P. de Vecchi. $30: ¦ George H. Tyuon.
$20; C. H. Meyer & Bro.. $5:. Jesse G. Gobey. $5;
Jack's Itotisserle. $5; A. Vorbe. $2: A. Gous
tlaux, $2 50; I. FOurguet. $1; J. Lauray, $1; A.
Cheyrias, $1; E. Flgeac. 50c; J.. Robinson, 50c;
O Camana, 50c; A. Dutolt, 25c; U. Boyer, 23c;
V* Gardet. $1; J. Mercadler. $1; L. Savant, $1;
Em Quenel. 50c; Marie Quenel. 50c: Ernest
Bouquet. £>0c; Kmllle Bpuquet, 60c; Km Bou
quet 50c; L. II. Husson. 50c; J. C. Bailies
d'Err, 60c; Catherine Costerauste. $1; total,
$1304 From oth«T sources— M. ,F.. 10c: Nina
H Lederer. $2 60; K. H. Molse. . $5: R. I H.
Moffltt II: Monroe and D.E.. Goldsmith. $1 00;
Con6ord Juvenile Social; Club. ¦ $5; W. T. A;,
10c; Henry A. Hlnman. |2 60: Mrs. H. A. Bur
rowes. $3; John A: Sanborn. '$20; 'total, $42 70.
Total to date $7623. ' . V ";• .
Memorial Fund Contributions.
; The two-mile professional handicap was
won by W. S. Fcnn, .Waterbury; O. S.
Klmblc. Louisville, second;- H. B. Free
man, Portland, '.third..: Floyd Kreba
Newark; fourth. Time. 4:12 1-5. -
Five-mile professional- open race— John
Fisher, Chicago, won; Frank Kramer,
East Orange, second; James B. Bowler,
Chicago, third: Frank J. Caldwell, Hart
ford- fourth. Time.. 11:03. ¦, ¦ . -
each evening will.be one. of the. main at
tractions of the carnival. : In this march
will be:. Colonial- ". maids- and - cavaliers
Greek gods and goddesses, Alexander the
Great and his mighty soldiers, cardinals
archbishops, emperon, queens, courtiers,'
and a long train of gallant. lords and fair
ladles, representing famous characters
from the early ages to the -present time.
Uncle Sain and the Goddes of Liberty
will lead the procession each evening. '
Mme. Sorbier is the manager of the car
nival. She is assisted by Mrs. x Paris Kll
burn, Mrs. Nellie Blesslns Eyster, Mrs.
P. D. Hale. Mrs. li; L Haber, Miss Celia
Perkins. Miss Angela Sullivan. -Mrs.
Hutchinson./Mrs. M. -, H. Cachot, -Mrs.
Margaret . Deane, Mrs. Louis Glass, .Mrs.
Joseph Spear, Mrs. V."M7 Searby, Mrs.
S: L. Braverman. Mrs. M; Wheeland, Mrs.
R..E. White. Mrs." J. M. Dlxon, Mrs. J. F.
Birlem,. Mrs., H. T. Berliner, Mrs. J.
Franklin; ; Mrs. J, H. Mitchell, Mr». F.
Hunt.' ; -:;;r;V^ /....,;.; ;. ... ',,¦.;;.;,-" .. .-
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— At Vallsburg,
N. J., to-day the match between Jimmy
Michael and Floyd McFarland of : San
Jose, Cal:. was won by Michael. The two
met in five-mile beats, paced by motor
tandems. In the first heat the men were
together until one of the tires of McFar
land's wheel went fiat. Michael went on
and won in 7:42%. Michael Is said to have
ridden the last mile in l:25»i. the fastest
mile ever made In a competition of thla
class. In tho second heat McFarland
again had trouble with , a tire and
switched -in behind Champion's singe,
motor. Michael won easily In 7:69 -i-5.
Champion's/ride against the world's
record on a'motor bicycle was one of tha
most thrilling spectacles ever seen on'the
track. While -the -track 'Is not banked ft>r
speed of this sort the Frenchman let the
He sovered the mile in- 1:15 flat, beating
the record made by G. R. Butler at Buf
falo recently by'.7 1-5 seconds.
Michael Defeats McFarland.
The Sweepstake development and the over
shadowing / magnitude of | the deal which
brought It to the . attention of -the mining
world, has set a new pace in the Trinity
hydraulic fields, and capital Is- Interesting it
self to -such an extent that tha near future
-will- see the auriferous mountains of gravel
under the pipe, as far at . least : as water is
available. .¦ The ¦, exact, length of - the . pipe ;llne
will be. twenty-one mile: fifteen miles, of
trench was excavated up to the beginning of
the present week, and nina miles of pipe has
been completed and is being made at the. rate
of 1000 feet a day. Of the pipe completed over
two miles has been laid and the work of lad
ing pipe Is progressing at the rate of TOO feet
per day.- The pipe Is thirty Inches in diameter
and the difference between the intake and out
let is- 760 feet. : The grade of the pipe Is laiJ
uniform at 14 feet to the mile, with a difference
of fifty feet between the head and mouth or
each , of the siphons -necessary to i convey the
water across streams and gulches. .The pipe
line has an. estimated capacity of 7500 miners*
Inches. Four large siphons : are necessary. : ? v
Large crowds visited the beach, Sutro
baths and the Chutes yesterday, despite
the threatening weather. There were
some swimming contests , at Sutro's that
amused the spectators. The fifty-yard
s-vlm was won by T. Lundberg, with J.
O'Brien second, j. O'Brien won the prize ;
for diving for a plate,' with A. Helnze
¦ n»> . . Li'ndh^rg won the 100-yard
race, with J. , McCluskey second. Tfuhy
won the springboard diving contest, with
E. O'Nell second. J. Lundberg won the
tub race, with J. O'Brien second and J.
McCarthy- third. -T. Lundberg won the
high swing contest from his brother. E.
Martin beat J. Heinz in the 100-yard
special. -.' "'¦"
near Auburn. In Placer County. .
A description of. some of the San Ber
nardino County . gold mines is given by
the Times-Index. The Gold Mountain
mine, which Is in the Holcomb .Valley
mining district, has a history .that, goes
back about thirty years, when a 40-stamp
mill was - operated. . One of the original
owners was "Lucky"" Baldwin. • Captain
de la Mar acquired the mine about two
years ago. A 40-stamp mill has been' built
farther up the mountain. The Rose mine
is much more extensive than the Gold
Mountain mine. The high grade ore. is
shipped to the Pueblo smelter. The low
grade, ores are handled by the cyanide
process. . ' vU' '
Mineral Wealth says:
Events at the Beach.
The Placer; Republican reports that the
Zentgraf mine is about to -be. reopened by
an Eastern company. The property, is
On. October 14, 1899, Robert Woodburn deeded
to Messrs .Hall 4rtd Duvergey the Globe, group
of mines near Canon Creek for ; the sum of $25 -
000. Fourteen days. • later he' brought suit In
the. Superior Court of the county to rescind the
contract, alleging In his complaint that he had
been Induced by fraud to part with his prop
erty for ¦ a sum below its actual I value. • The
answer of the defendants denied all the allega
tions'of the complaint. After • the; usual pre
llmliiary' sparring; the case was set for trial
on. June .4, 11900. Owing to ;. the 111 health of
Judge Jones, Judge Edward" Sweeny presided.
The pleadings were not settled, and after argu
ment by counsel the case tvas continued. Sick
ness of counsel and other,' complications inter
vened so that the . case - dragged along until
last ' Monday, when : the i. court, Judge Amot
presiding," began i the ; trial. •_;¦ ¦ - t ','. .:
A suit Is before theSuperlor Court;in
Trinity County involving the Globe mines
The Trinity Journal gives the facts of
the case as follows: . ; .}'— -•
Suit Over Klines.
.The Pandsburg Miner reports that the
old Panamint 'mines, In which large sums
were sunk by Senator Jones and Senator
Stewart, will be reopened after being shut
down "for ¦ twenty-five years. The mines
nre on Peak, at an altitude of
10,000 feet; The property, was sold for de
linquent taxes amounting to a few thou
sands of dollars. The former owners lost
something like three-quarters of a million
dollars' operating this property, but the
more economical processes that have
since come Into vogue hold out fair pros
pects'of a margin of profit above the cost
of mineral production.
The expense attached to mining borax
in Southern California, so says the Los
Angeles Herald, Is very small compara
tively. Transportation • to the railroads
constitutes the chief element of cost.
Cheap transportation would remove the
temptation that now results In great
adulterations . of borax, because under' fa
vorable conditions for getting the product
to market the price could be made so low
that" adulteration would be unprofitable.
The output of: borax_ in this State last
year is estimated by the State Mineralo
gist at $1,013,251. .
.- Whltehouse & Bliss will reopen the old
Central gold mines at Old .Diggings,
Shasta County, . ahd will proceed to de
velop the property on a large scale.
; Prospectors are seeking for copper in a;
new field, which la between forty and fifty
miles from the present center of. the ac
tivity of copper mining in Shasta County.
The locality picked out for exploration Is
on the Pit River, southward from the
Kosk Creek mines. The preliminary re
port Is that there are outcropplngs which
have lent hope to the prospectors. The
local papers of Shasta County express the
opinion that the new field, promises . well.
Gaily Decorate Booths.
The spacious auditorium of Native Sons'
Hall is a bower of raro beauty, and when,
the people gather this evening a scene of
loveliness rarely witnessed here will be
presented. The hall 'contains eighteen
gaily decorated booths, . representing va
rious nationalities, ail of which will be
In charge of well-known society ladles.
Every evening during the week represen
tations of the dress and customs of peo
ples ot nations known to the civilized
world will be given." A fine array of hand
some gypsies, sorcerers, fortune-tellers
and fairies will be in attendance.
The various booths will be in. charge of
the following named ladies:
American— Mrs] J. G. Luberto, Mrs. Berliner
and Miss Arabella Thomoson. . • ....-¦
• English— Mrs. K. White, Mrs. J. M. Dlxon
and Mrs. Chester Keoueh. , . ••;
' French— Mme. Buftandau. Mrs. 'Van Der
Nalllen and Mrs. Francis Hunt. ,
German— Mrs. L. Braverman. ! Miss A. Bark
dull and Dr. Anna Frost. . ••
Irish— Miss Alvlna Vellguth and Miss N.
Inglls.
Italian— Mrs. Belle AV. Conrad, Mrs. II. I.
Haber and Mme. Benott. , .. . •- j
The opening to-night will be devoted to ]
practical: illustrations of .American man
ners and . customs. To-morrow ; evening,'
English characteristics will be displayed;
Wednesday, French; Thursday, German;
Friday. | Irish, and Saturday, Italian. .
Striking. Characters in March.
The grand march of the participants
The Carnival of Ancient and Modern
Art which opens at Native Sons' Hall this
evening promises to be one of the most
beautiful spectacular entertainments ever
seen In Ban Francisco. The affair will be
In charge of the Woman's Educational and
Industrial Union, of which Mme. Louise
Sorbier Is president. All the members of
that body, together with hundreds of so
ciety belles and matrons, have interested
themselves in the promotion of the enter
tenment, and the Indications' are that
it will prove a brilliant success in every
particular. • v / ,
The primary purpose of the affair is-to
raise funds for the erection of a perma
nent home for the Union. If the present
indications are to be relied upon, the sum
now in the Union's treasury will doubt
less be largely increased. The popular
interest taken in the event is intense and
indicates the estimation in which the no
ble purposes of the Union are held. The
aims of the organization are to instruct
unskilled women in branches which will
make it possible for them to earn a liv
ing. Classes in music and general stud
ies are maintained, I and graduates from
the classes are provided with lucrative
positions. It is the only organization of
its kind in the city, and its usefulness is
generally recognized.
A New Copper Field
Sought For on Shores
• of* Pit River.
Festival Preparations by
Charitable Women
Are Complete.
. * -
Lillie went to where he had burled the
balance of the money that was, left after
paying his bills yesterday and turned
something more than $400 into the hands
of Chief of Police Hodgklns.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, 'Sept. 29.
The remarkable story of being robbed
of $700 on the streets of Oakland, told by
W. V. Lillle to the police last night, was
without the slightest foundation. It was
told by Lillle in .order to cover his
financial difficulties. .Lillle' had drawn
about $550 during the afternoon, had paid
$109 to his men and settled material
claims amounting, to $22 50, leaving some
thing over $400 in his .possession, Instead
of $700, as he claimed.
GLEAMING ORES
REWARD MINERS
John Bradshaw, the trainer, leaves to
day with a string of about twenty dogs
belonging to various fanciers. Among
them are Courtney Ford's Irish terriers
and George Bell's fox terriers. Albert Jo-
Charles Stelnbach's bull terriers. • The
competition between these breeds will be
extremely keen. The total entry will be
about 250 dogs. -
Mr. Bradshaw is superintendent of the
Oakland show, to take place in Decem
ber. He -expects- to - file his application
for the license to hold the show with the
Pacific - branch of the American Kennel
Club on his return from Los Angeles. •
Benjamin Bryon has been selected by
the Oakland Poultry Association .as chair
man of the bench show committee.
The exodus of ~ San Francisco fanciers
for the Los Angeles bench show, has al
ready commenced. Philip C. Meyer, the
owner of the Glenwood kennels at San
Mateo, left last night. Mr. Meyer took
a number of his dosrs. including the St.
Bernards Miss Barry Le King . and Alta
Rachel; the cocker spaniels Champion
Polly" Pastime and Champion Glenwood
Havoc: a Chow dog named Hop Toy and
a greyhound-. Mr. Meyer will also have
with him the two noted- Great Danes of
Irving C Ackerman, Beau Brummel II
and Lord Londesborough Jr. ¦
Show Dogs Sent to Los Angeles.
IN READINESS
FOR CARNIVAL
THE bulk of the delegates and
bishops who will attend the,com
ing general convention .-jof ' the ¦
Episcopal church will arrive to
day and to-morrow, according to,
*the advices of the local railroad officials.
A number of distinguished churchmen
arrived in this city yesterday and secured
quarters at the downtown hotels. Bishop
-L. H. Burton of Lexington, Ky., accom
panied by his wife, came in on the over
land train and went to the Occidental Ho
tel. Bishop "W. L. Gravatt of West Vir
ginia was another arrival and Is stopping
at the Occidental. Bishop Ellison Capers
of South Carolina arrived on the evening
train and registered at the same hotel,
but he will be the guest of J. Pierpont
Morgan at' the Crocker mansion during
the convention. The three divines are
distinguished in their calling and are
Erominent among the younger Episcopal
ishops.
The Rev. Dr. John Fulton of Philadel
phia arrived last night with his wife and
is stopping at the Palace Hotel. Dr. Ful
ton is the leader of the Pennsylvania dele
gation and is editor of the Church Stan-
HOLD-UP STORY
IS ALL A FAKE
In. speaking of the forthcoming conven
tion, Dr. Anstice said that he was confi
dent there would be a large gathering. He
stated that the House of Deputies con
sisted of. eight., delegates from -.eajsh. of
fifty-four dioceses a total of 432 members.
One-half of the house consists of clerical
delegates and the other half Is made up of
lay members. The House of Bishops com
prises eighty divines, located in this coun
try. Sixteen clerical and sixteen lay dele
gates also attend the convention, repre
senting sixteen missionary districts In for
eign countries. Said Dr. Anstice:
There are many important subjects to be
passed upon by the convention. The Question
of the prohibition of remarriage of divorced
persons will be discussed, a report from a spe
cial committee on marriage and divorce having
been prepared. The convention will also pass
upon the Important subject of the division of
the country into provinces, then we have the
revision of the constitution and the applica
tion of the Episcopal church in Hawaii • for'
admission Into the American church. A'large
amount of work awaits the convention. One
of the most Important subjects we will deal
with is that of foreign missions.- Owing to
the absence of Rev. Dr. Morgan Dlx oi New
York, the House of Deputies will have to elect
a presidine officer. I saw Dr. Dlx some ten
Dr. Anstice on Coining to Work.
dard, published in the City of Brotherly
Love. \
One of the prominent officials of the
House of Deputies is the Rev. Dr. Henry
Anstlce of Philadelphia, who arrived here
last night with his wife and went to the
California Hotel. Dr. Anstlce is the as
sistant secretary of the House of Depu
ties and has held that position' for a quar
ter of a century. He received a hearty
welcome from General and Mrs. Warneld
at the California Hotel for the reason that
Dr. Anstlce was the spiritual adviser -of
Mrs.' Warfleld's family. In the East. "
PROMINENT EASTERN DIVINE
WHO. IS A DELEGATE TO THE
EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 29.— Before a crowd of
16,000 people the local team to-day won both
games from New York. Magee was slaughtered
In the eighth inning of the first game, and
the result was never In doubt. "Dummy" Tay
lor and "Yank" Yerkes were about evenly
matched tn the second game ot eight innings,
which was shortened on account of darkness.
Richards' home run tied the score. Two errors
In the eighth lost the game for New York.
, Score : "
First game— R. H. Ei
St. Louis 9 . 15 1
New York :........ 4 . 8 2
Batteries — Powell and.Schrlver; Magee and
Warner. Umpire— Dwyer.
Second game-^ R. . . H. E.
St. Louis 3 7 1
New York .....2 8.4
Batteries— Yerkes and Schriver; Taylor and
Warner. Umpire— Dwyer, i . •
CHICAGO. Sept 29.— The visitors won to-day
In the second inning, bunching two triples and
two singles, after the first two men up had
been retired. ' The locals batted feebly and
played poorly In the field. . Attendance, 2000.
Score:
• ¦ -- ' R.- . H. ¦«. E.
Chicago t r..'..^...Lt.. 1- VS^.^.o
Brooklyn :....:. ;....;.... 4 10 % I
Batteries— Hughes and Kling; J. Hughes and
McOuire. Umpires — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 29.— Cincinnati defeated
Plttsburg twice to-day. Both games were
very exciting. In the. ninth inning, with
no one out, Plttsburg got a man on all the
bases. Hahn was equal to the emergency, how
ever, and struck out the next three men in
succession. In the second- game Cincinnati
pitched Swormsted, the first time. He was hit
safely only three times. Attendance, 7400. -
Score:
First game— ¦ R. * H. E.
Cincinnati 2 7 1
Pittsburg 17 3
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Leever and
Zlmmer. Umpires— Nash and -Brown.
Second game— : R. H. E.
Cincinnati '. 2 5 1
Pittsburg 1 3 l
Batterles^Swormsted and Hurley; Tannehlll
and Zlmmer. Umpires— Nash and Brown.
Sixteen Thousand at a Ball Game.
That the Trans-Alaskan Company Is
amply able from a financial standpoint
to . carry such ventures to a successful
end seems apparent from the personnel
of the officers and stockholders of the
corporation, among'- whom are IW»i H.
Crocker, president of the Crocker-AVool»
worth Bank of San Francisco; F. Till
mann, president 'of the Tlllmann-Bendel
Company; Charles E. Green, manager of
the. Crocker estate:* H. H. Lynch, general
manager -of the ' Market-street railway;
J. J. Mahoney, capitalist; G. W. Kline,
manager . of the Crocker- Woolworth
bank: \V. B. Bourne, capitalist: Charles
Nelson, president and manager of numer
ous steamship -lines operating on the'Pa
cific; James Tyson, manager for Charles
Nelson & Co.; George H. Mastlck, law
yer. All of those mentioned are residents
of San Francisco. -. v : . • ;
The company has completed a survey
between Iliamna Bay, on Cook Inlet, to
St. Michael and Nome, a distance of '500
miles. . By December. I, It Is announced,
stations will have been established every
thirty miles throughout the entire length
of the line. Each station Is to be kept
constantly . supplied with the best pro
visions purchasable. The stages are to
be drawn by horses. The route follows
favorable water courses, and. as nearly
4(A) miles* He through a timbered country,
the climate is said to be milder than on
tho upper Yukon.
It is the purpose of the company to
transport passengers, express matter and
mall. All told, the line will be equipped
with 100 head of horses.
SEATTLE, Sept. 29.-Withln a few
weeks the Trans-Alaska Company will
have its ..winter stage line between 111
amna Bay, St. Michael and Nome in .ope
ration. \V. M. Rank, general manager of
the company, is expected in Seattle from
San Francisco, his home, about the mid
dle of the week. The establishment of the
stage line is only a preliminary step to
ward the construction of a Trans-Alas
kan railroad, running along the same gen
eral route between Nome 'and" Iliamna
Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Field Wins Notice.
Much attention is being paid to the new
field near Santa Maria. In Santa Barbara
County. There appears to be a largo
amount of natural gag there. An aban
doned well la reported to have filled With
oil. This well was broken off some time
ago by an earthquake. The Graclosa.
Company, In which Henry J. Crocker Is
Interested, la sinking a well near the wella
of the Western Union Campany. This
company has a tract of 7500 acres.
The contract for delivering oil at Kah
ulul and other points In the Hawaiian Ia
lands to L. M. Thurston for the use of
sugar companies calls for about 123.00*
barrels per annum. There was only one
bidder, the Union Oil- Company. Plans
have been prepared for a tank steamer to.
be used by the Union Company in this
trade. The price is ?1 40. a barrel, deliv
ered at the Islands. . • •¦».
The Pacific Coast Oil Company will
have a minimum capacity for refining 2000
barrels a day at its new plant at Point
Richmond. Contra Costa County. The she
that has been purchased for the plant Is
110 acres. The removal from Alameda was
due to the lack of sufficient room and
deep water to accommodate the larger oil
steamers that will soon be running. The
entire plant will be removed from Ala
meda to. Point"" Richmond as soon as pos
sible. The works in Alameda have been
in existence upward of twenty years* .. - .
Approaching a Climax.
The Redding Searchlight has the fol
lowing to say concerning the quest for oil
in Shasta County: .
Affairs, are approaching a climax with the
oil Industry in Shasta County. The Shaft*
Consolidated Company, the local corporation
that was much the strongest, has reached tKa
end of Its financial rope. In fact, the com
pany has used up all of its money and is al^
ready slightly In debt, but the directors of the
concern stand ready to meet any Indebtedness.
For about two weeks the whole string of
tools has laid at the bottom of the welt and
continuous fishing has so far been unsuccess
ful. The directors held a meeting Tuesday
evening and IV was decided to continue th •;
fishing until Saturday.
The result of the endeavors of the next ten
days will determine the course of the company.
If the tools are not recovered work will be
suspended, probably for good. If, they j ar«»
taken out the well will be closed for some time,
but in all probability drilling will be later
resumed.
The proposed method of "raising the wind"
for further drilling shows the faith 6t the in
terested parties In the presence of oil at a
greater depth. The directors and others pro
pose to go down in their Individual pockets
to the tune of $100 each.
It Is to be regretted that the funds gare out
at this time. The presence or absence of oil
has not yet been determined. At the Shasta
Consolidated well the formation throujrb ¦
which the drill passed was favorable through'
but. The most sanguine had not anticipated
the striking of oil short of a depth of U 1 "
feet. The well Is now between 900 and ld(W
feet deep. It is to be hoped a greater depth
will be attained.
The Standard seems to b« having; ioim trou
ble in filling its fifteen tanks, already com
pleted In the Kern River field, with " «nt
oil. Seven of the tanks have not as yet nad *
drop of the product of the local wells turned
Into them anil the ot)i«r eight are not filled to
overflowing. Yet the syndicate seems to havo
no apprehension about procuring all tne oil
needed as is evidenced by the plans already,
wet forth to construct an additional fifteen
35,000-barrel tanka. The workmen who w«r«
employed In putting the root on the tanks nave
been laid off for thirty days owing to the
scarcity of lumber. The carpenters are now
planning to build a model office bulldln* for
the local managers near the company s load
ing racks.
r ' ' .':¦;.- ,- ¦¦¦¦¦¦
Trains may be running Into the Sunset
district this week. Additional extensions ..
of lines in /he oil region may be made
by the Southern Pacific Company. The
oil men say that therewfll.be a revival Of
activity in new work In Sunset now that
there are facilities In sight for transpor
tation. At present there Is little drilllnc
going On there. Several companies" are
drilling in the McKittrick district. The
shipments from the latter field average
about eighty barrels a day.. Most ofth«
wells are capped while the owrlers ar«
waiting for more satisfactory prices."
Oil, Copper and Finance reports con
siderable activity in the Coalinga field.
Work has begun on the Main State Com
pany's pipe line. The Zenith Company
has started, using gas from the Home
weils. The Merced Company has aban
doned its No. 1 well and has taken down
Its rig. but will drill In another pUc«..
The Banta Clara Companv abandoned its
No. § well after golnp down more than
1T0O feet. __
There is a singular disagreement be
tween the Bakersrteld Calitornlan and tbm
Los Angeles Herald concerning tha ¦«••'.
cess of the Standard Oil Company in ¦ fill
ing Ita tanks in the Kern River district,
rietds with cheap oil. The Herald sent a
man over the neld and he claims to hayt>
seen fifteen Standard Oil Company tank*
rilled with oil. On the other hand tn«
I'.akersilfld Uallfornian says: . :
The class hatred which prevails in countries
where hereditary classes rule has no place in
this free land. As President McKinley said
In his address to the high school here:
"There In no position In thl* country so high
but that the boy from the forge, the factory
cr the farm may aspire to and achieve It."
In Europe society Is stratified like the rocks,
where the upper stratum hold* the lower down
forever. . but with us society Is stratified like
the waters of the ocean, where each drop is
free to move and the lowest may rise and
clitter on the crest of the highest wave.
Friends, class hatred can rear no factories;
it can only close or festr v those already
reared. It can fill no granaries, but It can
hurl a firebrand Into those that Industry and
enterprise have already filled. The Interests
of capital and Ichor are rot a seesaw In which
one is only ud when the other is down, but
their Interests are Inseparable and identical.
The vast majority of capitalists are only
successful workers and their capital is accu
mulated savin**.* If that employer will draw
off his glove you will see the broken nail, the
stiffened finger, the stumo left by the buzz
uw or the calloused palm, the badge of honest
toll. Tho great publishers started as typeset
ters, the great Studebakers sandpapered wagon
bodies and the great merchants began as er
rand boys. That railroad oresldent "hit the
roa<^" a* a brakeman.
Any attempt to stir up class hatred is un-
American and vicious. To hear some agitators
talk, one would think that the American work
ingman was sinking year by year Into a more
hopeless servitude and slavery, that every
man's hand Is against them outside their own
ranks, and that there is a Klprrritic conspiracy
to oppress and rob them. While It is true that
labor does not yet receive Its full share of the
benefits of the great era of Invention and
wealth In which we are. living, still -the position
of worklngmen was never oo erood as It Is to
day. During the last century the average In
come In the United Btaten increased fivefold
but that of the workingman six and a half
times, and the report of the Senate committee
shows that the average dally wage has two
and a half times the purchasint power It had
in 1540.
Conditions Never Better.
I tell you when men confederate together to
prevent others by force from doing the work
they refuse to do they are fighting not for but
against the most sacred rlg-hts of man. There
Is no difference between them and the most
tyrannous monopolist who ever bankrupted his
rivals; there is no difference. If they resort to
violence, between them and the anarchist who
sets all government and all law at defiance.
Here Is a man whose wife is sick and his
children are home crying for bread; his rent
is due and he must pay it or be turned into
the street; the tenderest and holiest ties of
life call upon him to go to the shop and earn
a little to keep the wolf from the door and
his dear onea from the potter's field: and be
cause he tries to eell his labor, his cr.'y asset,
for bread he is set upon and beaten into a
Jelly.
We have swept away slavery at a great cost
because it permitted a man to say to his fel
lows: "You shall work on my terms whether
you choose or not." But worse than slavery
Is that other despotism which says "If you
work when I do not want you to do so. I will
malm your horses, I will beat you, I will kill
you."
To-night I charge those who directly or In
directly conspire to prevent others by force
from doing the work they themselves refuse to
do as being anarchists and enemies of society.
My sympathies are naturally with the toller.
I have earned by labor (25 a month and > lived
on it. There is scarcely a tool of manual la
bor that I do not know how to use. We are all
worklngmen here to-night. People say that
worklngmen do not go to church. The trouble
is, as Bishop McCabe cays, they do not know
us Methodists when we get our Sunday clothes
on; they think we are all bankers and mil
lionaires. It Is religion and not wealth that
makes us look eo prosperous. And as for a
strike under one aspect It Is a perfectly proper
and lawful thing. No one can question the
right of one man or of 100;) men to quit work
If unjustly treated. Indeed, there Is something
sublime and heroic when men choose to quit
work and suffer hunger and privation in order
that manifest wrongs done to some of their
number may be righted. If strikes were always
lawfully conducted no one need dread them
but the oppressors of the poor. But frequently
strikes inspired by visionary and ambitious
leaders who array class against class destroy
the peace and subvert the social order of com
munities, ... •„».;.. ¦ i '
Anotner Kind of'Anarcnistr*"^ 7 "
• Look at San Francisco for the past two
months. Hiotous proceedings have taken place
there and assaults have been perpetrated that
make every citizen of California hang his head
In ehatne. 1 am not hero to take the side or
employer or employe — God has not made me a
judge between my fellow-citizens. I am only
here to preach righteousness according to the
law of God and peace on earth, good-will to
men.
Conditions in San Francisco.
On the morning of the day when the poor
built barricades on one side or the street and
the rich intrenched thrmbelves In the buildings
on the other. Athens was In the zenith of its
wealth and beauty. Hut wlu-n that long battle
wan over the city was a mass or smoking
ruln«, the rich had become poor and the poor
hrggars. The silence of tho desert fell upon
the city that had been the center of civilization.
1-orm- centuries ngo Alciblades, the most bril
liant profligate In History, arrayed the poor of
Athens against the rich, and tuul them mat so
ciety wax divided into two classes— the chear
crs and the shorn. In that evil hour the whir
men on the Ureek rarms dropiwi their tool*,
left the Main to I'l-iihh in tn.- Held and the
fruit tu rut on the vines and treex. The call
ers left the, ships to rot in the harbor and the
k<hm1s to be GV8lroy«il upon the wharves, tu
the city the shops were clo»«-d. the hum of In
dustry was no longer beard, but In Its sttud
the streets were Tilled with riot, brawls and
tumult.
Wo may well look with apprehension and
alarm upon those why iry lo urray th* poor
against me rich, the employe attum.-it tne em
ployer, tnc inas.-rs against ihe classes. Evt-iy
«*m« lias been cuuid by the demagogue who
practises us a tine &rt the tttlrrlng up ot class
nuired and etas* strife.
Class Against Class.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept 29.
Rev. E. R. Dille of the First Methodist
Church preached this evening upon "The
Crime of Arraying Class Against Class."
His sermon had direct application to the
conditions that exist in San Francisco to
day and was a very powerful exposition
of the effect of striKes. Dr. Dille has
always been in deep sympathy with the
worklngman— was a workingman and a
soldier himself— and his utterances upon
Industrial topics have always been re
garded as most liberal. His sermon this
evening has special significance in view
of these conditions. He took the ground
that strikes were Justifiable, but violence
was not; that strikers never -built up
anything, but onfy destroyed. Dr. Dill«
cnarged that those who prevented others
from doing work they would not do
themselves were anarchists." During his
wrmun Dr. Dille said:
On Saturday afternoon next the
"Brownies" will return to delight the
childhood of San Francisco with a per
formance of the favorite fantasy, "The
Brownies in Fairyland." This organiza
tion of clever youngsters will appear at
the Alhambra at the following matinee
and evening performances: Saturday aft
ernoon. October 5: Saturday night. Octo
ber 5: Sunday afternoon. October 6: Sun
flay nleht. October »»; Monday night. Oc
tober 7; Tuesday afternoon, . October S;
Tuesday night, October b.
The now bill at . the Chutes includes
Mile. Lelly. the modern Venus, . in her
beautiful "Poses Plastique' : Carter
Brother?, sensational acrobats; Deets and
Don. rtoveltv duo; Berlin Sisters*, refined
vocalists; Valkyra, hand balancer and
«"qui!fbrist, and the Carlson Sisters, Juve
nile sons and dance artists. The last
moving pictures of McKinley at the Buf
falo Exposition will also be shown.
At Kischer's Concert House a splendid
bill has been prepared for this week. It
Includes Alice - de Leon ,-. a;- French
thanteuse; Richards and Relyea, comedy
acrobats: Lynton, and Wilde. . travestiers;
Ham Holdpworth, tenor; Robert Nome,
saxophoniKt; Rof-aline, danseuse; Agnes
<Jeorgr. child performer,. and the Itazlllla
Pantomime Company in "The Druggist's
Troubles." August' Hinrichs will wield the
baton again to-night, after a.- short vaca
tion.. ' .¦,-¦.•.¦¦ :
The sensational melodrama, "Kid
napped," will be- the attraction at the
Central Theater this evening and the rest
of the week. It presents a number or
vividly realistic scenic features, among
which figure the great fire scene .and the
view of Brooklyn bridge and New York
IJattery. The play is strong ana excit
ing 1n its incidents, and, being well cast,
an exceptionally good production may be
expected.
The new stock company at the Alcazar
will to-night Inaugurate its appearance
with "Liberty Hall," one of the R, C.
Carton plays. To-night also the new
principals make their debuts, including
M. L. Alslp, the new leading man, and
Miss Alberta Converse, the latest leading
lady. "Liberty Hall" will be put on for
the* first time to-night, and new ccenery,
tattings and unique stage effects are
promised for the occasion. The Sunday
matinees will be resumed from now until
further notice, beginning Sunday next.
"Carmen." the most popular grand
opera bill the Tivoli has ever had, will be-
K»n its fourth week on Tuesday evening
next. The alternate bill will be "Caval
lerla BJsticana." with Barbareschi as
Bantuzza, Pollettlnl as Lola, Ferrari as
Alfio and Agostinl as Turiddu— fine cast.
The "Pagliacci" people are Salassa, in his
creat part of Tonio; Castellano as Canio
and Montanari as Xedda, a part more
neaxly approximating her order of talent
than anything she has yet been seen In.
Pollettini repeats her very good reading
of last year of the harlequin's part.
The next production of the Joseph Ha
•worth engagement at the Grand Opera
house will be "The Merchant of Venice,"
¦with Mr. Haworth, of course, as Shylock.
The character is one of the strongest In
the actor's large repertoire and is a con
ception of exceptional worth and interest,
end the production is one that will add
yet more to the debt of gratitude that the
plaveoing public already owes to Mr. Ha
worth. Herschel Mavall, who is winning
pleasant recognition for himself with each
new performance that he is seen in, will
r>e the Bassanio of the cast. Antonio will
be played by Fred J. Butler, Portia by
Adele Bergarde and Jessica by Mabel
Heritage.
•¦Florodora," with Its pretty maidens,
fetching costumes and catchy melodkis,
¦will make its long-expected appearance
to-night at the Columbia Theater. It will
be quite the attraction of the week, this
rage of London and New York, and prom
ises melodious entertainment of novel
sort to all comers. William T. Carleton.
a long-time favorite here. Is one of the
fading characters, being In the play the
proprietor of Florodora— which is not a
girl, as has been mistakenly supposed
hut one of the Phillppne Islands. Phil H.
Ryley. another San Francisco favorite,
has a close-fitting role as Anthony
Tweedlepunch, described as a combination
"showman, phrenologist, hypnotist and
palmist." Hans F. Roberts and Charles
B. Bowers are other leading spirits. Laura
Mlllard, the former handsome and stately
singer at the Tivoli, appears as Dolores.
France's Gordon, a pretty English girl,
•will be Angela Gilfain. and Grace Dudley,
one of the -most graceful dancers and
actresses on the stage, is the Lady Holy
rood. There are eighty-five other people
in the production, which is costumed and
staged in elaborate fashion.
At the Orpheum the Svengalis still con
tinue to be the leading attraction in their
mystifying performance that no one seems
able to solve. Press Eldridge also is in
his second week and brings a number cf
new songs and jokes to the week's fine
programme. Dorothy Norton is still with
us, and is now in her third week, and the
Parros brothers are other good holdovera.
The newcomers include the Juvenile won
ders, Arnold Grazer and Blanch* Treleas«,
¦who Introduce a clever novelty act called
the "Mysterious Mirrors." Wilfred Clark
jind company in the bright sketch, "In
the Biograph," are also headliners: and
Boyce and Wilson, In a blackface sketch,
create much amusement. Madge Fox, a
clever acrobatic dancer, and the biograph
complete the good bill.
There Is an excellent olio performance
ajter the minstrel work, some sensational
and brilliant balancing feats by the Rio
brothers; McMahon and King in some
clever blackface work; a novelty musical
act by Carl McDonald and Parshley, and
the Zeb and Zarrow trio in sensational
trick bicycle ridtng. Altogether Mr. \Vest'»i
organization this year fully merits tho
title bestowed upon it of the progressive
minstrel show, and is full of good songs,
bright jokes, new turns and good music.
The orchestra is better than It has ever
been before.
BfXhar "Go Way Back and Sit Down"
Is as perenially popular as the "Floro
dora" sextet, or Lrnest Hogan was a
m ranger to the auuiem-e last night, for it
was received with all the joy of a novelty
¦wht-n John H. King gave it, and gave it
just about as well as the famous coon
singer at the Orpheum last week. . Clom
«>nt Stewart is the n«w high tenor of the
company, and mm loudly upplauded for
his plnjrinR of "To-duy." Manuel Ro
main* Is also a favorite, and N. S. Carr
did a good turn in a. new coon song,
••(Jirls. Girl*." Then last, but most, there
is a new volume? of Billy Van. Mr. Van's
nd ventures on a plow train Is the sub
joct, not to Kpoak of some new songs.
"Goo-Goo Kyef.' 1 "1 Don't Know Why 1
J^ove You." "Dolly Gray." "Glory, Halle
lujah." and otner?. brought strictly up
to date. He 1? certainly inimitable In
liis lino, though he has had bettor mate
rial than the slow train monologue to
work with.
Mr. \V. himself is a delight as usual,
with his customary acreage of waistcoat.
.«mile and chrysanthemum, and the
? 'hesterfield of interlocutors never looked
l>etter in epite of his not very distant se
vere illness. The minstrels this year are
Karbed gorgeously In satin of the reddest
and shrined In a handsome Venetian gar
den, and number among themselves some
new voices of the best. Perhaps the
finest— always after that melodious organ
of Billy Van's— is that of a youngster of
eighteen, one Georgie Jones, who sings a
manly eong in a fine, deep baritone that
tvlns the house at once. Ills song was
new and taking, and called "Th* Game
of Eyes."
In epUe of "Mistah Johnson's" aspiring
fiancee's dictum as to "end men's jokes,"
and her laudaole decision to spend "Mis
tah Johnson's" solitary sous only "when
Shakespeare comes to town," a full house
laughed for all it was worth In old-time
fashion with West's minstrels last night
at the California Theater.
Preliminary Step Toward Con
struction of Railway to
Gold Fields.
» ¦ ¦ . -•¦ .
Oil Industry Nears Interest-,
ing Stage in Shasta
County.
Orpheum Presents Best of
Attractions— "Florodora"
Minister Points . Out That
They Destroy but Never
¦£ Araons -.the , prominent divines of the"
Episcopal church who are' now*journey-
Ing to this city to attend the national con
vention to be held In Trinity Church n*xt
month Is the Right Rev. William N. Mc-
Vickar. Bishop Coadjutor of Rhode Isl
and. It Is considered very probable that
Bishop McVickar will succeed the ven
erable Bishop Thomas March Clark, third
Bishop of Rhode Island and by\ virtue of
seniority Presiding Bishop of the Episco
palian church, who has surrendered the
active supervision of his diocese to his
more vigorous coadjutor.
Dr. McVickar was for many years rec
tor of St. Mark's Church, Philadelphia,
and was noted as a successful preacher
and administrator. He is known as a
"moderate", and Is Indorsed by the most
conservative Bishops. Dr. McVlckar's
diocese Includes Newport and the district
embracing the most exclusive »of all
churchmen. Among these people the Bish
op Is extremely popular and finds ample
support for his charities and organiza
tions.- . ¦ . . ' - . .
Noted Divine.
October 20' (Sunday)— Services in the various
Episcopal churches, with , sermons by visiting
bishops and rectors. . i ¦
October 13 (Sunday)— Services In various
Episcopal churches, with sermons by visiting
bishops and rectors.
October 14, afternoon— Session of Board of
Missions In behalf of missions In the Philip
pines, Porto Rico, Cuba, Brazil and Mexico.
Trinity Church; speakers, the Bishops of New
York, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Brazil and
Albany; 8 p. m.. meeting of Church Temper
ance Society, St. Luke's Church.
October 15, 8 p.- m.— Session of Board of Mis
sions in behalf of work among colored people
in the South, in Haytl and in Africa/ Trinity
Church;, sptakers, the. Bishops of Hayti, Cape
Palmas- and . Georgia and Archdeacon J. S.
Russell. -. • :•
October. 16.' afternoon— Business session of
Board of Missions, Trinity Church. - :.-. -,
October 9, afternoon— Meeting of Board "of
Mission. Trinity Church; evening, general re
option to convention, place to be designated
later. . '. . • • .." ¦ ' '
October 10. '7:S0 p. m.— Opening service of- the
Brotherhood of St. Andrew, Cathedral Mission
of the Good > Samaritan, Second street, near
Folsom; afternoon. . session of ' Hoard of Mis
sions, on behalf of China and Japan. Trinity
Church: speakers, the Bishops or Shanghai,
Toklo. Kioto and Rev. D. Trumbull Hunting
ton of Hankow; 8 p. m., meeting of Church
Association for the Advancement of the Inter
ests of Labor, Trinity Church. ;
October 11, afternoon— Session of Board of
Missions on behalf of domestic missions, Trin
ity Church; S p. m.,' meeting' of Church Unity
Society, draco Church; speakers, the Bishop of
Washington and Rev. George .Hodges of Cam
bridge. ¦ ' " • •
October -12, 6:20 a. ' m.— Holy communion for
men, Grace Church; 10 a. . m., meeting oj
Brotherhood of St. . Andrew, | f oung Men's
Christian Association building; afternoon, ex
cursion around the bay. ' - - .
October 8, 8 p. in. — Triennial missionary mass
meeting, Mechanics' | Pavilion; speakers"— Tho
Lord Bishop of Newcastle, England; Bishop
Potter of New Yorlt, Bishop Partridge of.
Kioto, Burton Mansfield of 'Connecticut and
ot tiers. ' ¦ : . ' , . ¦'. . -. ..•-.-.
• October 6 (Sunday)— Services In various Kpis
copal churches, with sermons by visiting bish
ops and rector*.*-' ¦.¦•..... .. , -,
October 7, 10 arm.; 2:30 p. m. and 8 p. m.— ;
Triennial meeting of American .Sunday-school
Institute. Grace Church.. ¦ '¦ ' ' ¦ ¦
October 2, 11 a. m.— Convention opens at Trin
ity'Church, corner of Bush and Oough streets.
October 3. 10 a. m.— Triennial • service of
Woman's Auxiliary, Grace Church, corner 'of
Stockton and California streets; 8 p. m., meet
ihg of Church Periodical Society. St. - Paul's
Church. California street, near Flllmore. '
October 4. S p. m.— Meeting of Board of Mls-
Btons, Trinity Church. - ¦-•¦•.
October 5, 10 a. m.— Meeting of Daughters of
the King, St. Luke's Church;, corner. of Clay
street and Van Ness avenue.' . ¦ ¦
The following Is the programme of the
work of the convention, though there may
be come changes, according to the state
ment made-last evening by the Rev. Dr.
Anstlce: ¦ . • ....
Convention Programme.
The special train of J. Pierpont Morgan
is expected to arrive here to-morrow
morning, bringing the New York million
aire and many distinguished prelates and
lay delegates of the Episcopal church.
Bishop Potter of New York/ Bishop
Doane of Albany, Bishop Huntington of
Central New York, Bishop Lawrence of
Massachusetts, Bishop . ¦ Hall of Vermont,
Bishop Niles of New Hampshire, Rev.
Dr. Greer, Rev. J. R. Parks, Dr. W. R.
Huntington and Rev. Dr. McConnell ol
New York State are the guests of the
financier.- Mr. Morgan, who is -a delegate,
has for many years attended the conven
tions of the Episcopal church and acted
as host to many prelates. He win occupy
the Crocker house with his' guests during
the 1 convention.
The House of Bishops will sit as an execu
tive body, but a synopsis of. Its deliberations
will be Issued every evening to the press. Thu
sessions of the house of deputies will be put)*
lie and so will be the meetings of the two
houses sitting as the board of missions.
days ago and he said that he was not able
to undertake the long journey to the Pacific
Coast. '.•¦¦¦ ... . ' .
Trans- Alaska Company
Coaches Will Soon
Be Running.
Activity in Drilling Is
Likely to Occur at
Once.
Dr. Dille so Brands, Men
Who Keep Others
From Work.
Full House Greets Splen
did Minstrel Per
formance.
HO! FOR NOME,
BY STAGE LINE
Majority of Bishops and Lay Delegates to Arrive by To-Morrow
, and Convention Will Open on Wednesday*
SUNSET'S ROAD
ABOUT TO RUN
SAYS STRICKERS
ARE ANARCHISTS
WEST'S BIG BILL
IS UP TO DATE
VITAL QUESTIONS TO BE DECIDED
BY EPISCOPAL GOVERNING BODY
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30,, 19Q1.
9
nD DAY N0CURE,N0PAY;^
I ill IB 14 I 30 years' experience treating
UUt " ni DISEASES OF MEN
C*U or Write. Room *. No. MM S«u»j St., 8. T. •
DIRECTORY
•; OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES..
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Mailed '
on Application.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES
, St. Germain Billiard Co.. late "Jacob Strahts "."'
& Co. (est'd. 1S52), 17 and 19 Fremont St.; upon
installment or -rented; also beer apparatus. -.
COAL. COICE AN-> PIO IROX - " - -
I f WH SfiV & ffl • ' H* Ba«ery Street.
4' y« n 1L JUft Q WU«> Telephone Main 13«».
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
[AS RflYFS & f ft Shipping Bu:chers. : 1M
JA3* BUIlj u WU« day. Tel. Main 1234. '.
' OIL.S.
LUBRICATING . OILS. LEONARD ft ELLIS. .'
413 Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719. .
LUBRICATING OILS. EICSIOX & McGUF-
FICK. 23 gpear at.. S. F. Tel. Main 4320.
:; V* PAINTERS AND DECORATORS,
I T DOU4IVP wd GOLDEN GATE AVB. . |
J' t- nUiUAIflC. . Telephone Howard I31S. .
Pioneer Dry Goods Store. ¦¦¦
Sells- Ladies* and Children's Hose 5c a pair; '.¦
Ladles' Linen •' Skirts, Sic: Men's Fine Dress
Shirts.- worth $1. for 40c. at 106 Fifth street.
v '. PRINTXNO. ' ,V*T-
EC- HUGHES, «i ! aSK&t*
: — » ; 1 ¦• .
/ •';¦ PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
TUB* HICKS-JUDD CO..
a First street. Saa Francisco,
Once Destroy the Dandruff Germ, and
Hair Grows Luxuriantly. .
Any one can have nice hair If he or she
has not dandruff, which causes brittle,
dry hair, falling hair and baldness. ;To -
cure dandruff It Is necessary to kill* *.he
germ that causes It and that Is just what
Newbro'a Herpiclde does. Cornelius
Grew. Colfax, Wash., says:
"One bottle of Herpiclde completely
cured me of dandruff, which was very
thick, and It has stopped my hair from
falling out." It makes hair soft and glos-
sy as silk; delightful odor and refreshing
hair dressing. It will positively make hair
grow abundantly, and kills the dandruff
germ. -
NICE HAIR FOB ALL.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAK FRANCISCQ CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1901.
10
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture. car«
pets, pianos, etc. CHASrLEVY. 1135 Market
Auctioneer — W. P. Beauchamp, .92S Howard St.;
tel. Jessie 126: furniture, mdse., bought. *
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. -
FLKXITUHI> WANTED.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. .
GLOVES.
11 ELI* WANTED- FEMALE.
3 GOOD pressers. , Apply New Parisian Dyeing-
Works. 2216.FoUon st. , - \ .
GIRL for general housework. Apply i2S2t
• Clay st. iwfr»llf/itBlt ¦ i H|IW*HHjV
GIRL wanted for -general housework; wages
= $10. > 1126, Broad way. ,; .;. . -.. '
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work ln
factory. '/ 6S6 Mission St., : fourth . floor. -
OPERATORS 'on I children's coata; good 'wage*.
6D6 Mission St., Tourth floor. '
OPERATOR8 on. ladles' waists to. work ln
/factory.:. '656 Mission St.. 'fourth "floor.-.
VERY' best"- salesladies for millinery; good
wages; steady position. ISO. Sixth st. -, -
YOUNG girl to assist with second work and
plain sewing. 1072 Ellis st.. near Gough. ;
WANTED — Young girl for. general housework
214- Hyde St. - . , .. ' ¦ -... - - .
WANTED— Typesetter; .2 years' experience
.state wages wanted. Address box 817, Call
GIRLS • to wrap chewing gum. - Apply NEW-
¦ TON GUM- CO.. Second and Folsom sts.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
•manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $3; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
HAND sewers tat LEVI STRAUSS & CO. # S
overall factory. 32>4 Fremont at. Apply to
Mr. Davis. ' :-*¦>>< \
GROVE. IBIS. near. Lyon — Sunny. : upper flat.' 6
'.rooms, bath; yard, cellar; Golden Gate Park.
FLOOR 4. sunny, rooms; reasonable; .; no chl I-
dren. , 5. Martha place, off Geary, nr. Mason
CLINTON Park.'242. bet. 13th and 14thst«.; off
-. Guerreros-Upper flat, .0 rooms ami bath. ;..-.
A.SUNNY/FLAT of three rooms; nicely fur-
nished; .very. reasonable. 725 Fulton :st., •¦:¦..
HAYES St.. 174S." near - Park Panhandle— Upper
.sunny .flat,'. 4 rooms, bath; $13; water f free. .,-.
COLE. 773-775. bet. Beulah and Frederick sts. —
Fine > new sunny: flats,., 7 > room*^ and bath;
rentreasonable . - .,' ...
BEAUTIFUL new, sunny 7 rooms; modern, up-
to-date. See 1 to 5 dally;. Van Ness an>l
Union. ' ';> a
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath: basement and
'large garden; modern . Improvements. '. 128 Dia-
mond St., bet.' Eighteenth and Nineteenth. ..
FOR. sale — Nearly new -furniture and carpets
' of a C- room flat;. fine goods; call Monday only,
bet. 10 a. in. and 5 p. m. ; no dealers. 173
Douglass st.: take ISth-st. cars. " '
view; elegant grounds; keeping no expense. to
tenant. Northwest corner Portola st. and Du-
bose'Park, off Waller,-bet. Pierce and Stelner.
VERY- desirable upper ". French .flat,- 10 large,
rooms; bay windows in every room; beautiful
FLATS, Cottages, etc. A. M. ; SPECK & CO..
667 Market. • .
954 Eddy; u. f. 9 r...$65 346 Waller: m. f. 5 r.$20
H32 Taylor; m. f. 7 r 45 3978 ISth; 1. f. 5 r.... 14
2414 Van Ness; m.f.Sr 42 519 Stevenson; h. 4 r. 15
1405 Pacific; u. f. 7 r. 2711424 Howard;m. f. 3 r 8
FLATii TO LET.
£0 GIRLS between 16 and IS years to learn to
' operate on ladles and. children's wear. 636
Mission 8t.,\fourth floor. . -. . . . .
A THOROUGHLY reliable girl or woman to
, assist care of baby and light housework. 11
.Fulton Et., near- Larkin.
OPERATORS and riveters . on overalls; also
Reiss buttonhole' operators. 9 Hill St., off
Valencia, bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
WANTED— Woman who Is bright and dresses
. neatly to travel in business capacity. Box
SOS. Call office. ' " •
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting T Co. ' (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; -new .method "of
placing stocks : and ; bonds; companies incor-
' grated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or nddress mnln nfnoe. RO7-S-9 Parrott hid*.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; goodr mining
and industrial" . propositions wanted;, gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.-
FINANCIAL.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts:
¦ steady work; best prices. • LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. 6th floor. ". .
WANTED — A competent girl for general house-
work who Is a good cook; wages $25; 4 In
family. Call between 9 and 10 a. m. or 7 and
8'p. m. at,lS9G Broadway." . / f
A MIDDLE-AGED American or German wo-
man can have a good, quiet home In. small
" famfly In consideration of: her services; ref-
erences. . Box 387. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
WANTED— To contract for the construction of
tunnels by an expert. B. LONG, 1433 Mission.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants situation to do
only- kitchen -work; wages $7 up per week.
373 Fourth st, Oakland. '
F.XPERIENCED operators on fancy , and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. . Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
2 JAPANESE boys would like to have positions:
one as waiter at table, one as cook; country
or city. H. O. A.. 1010 Pine st. / .
FIRST-CLASS skirt and waist hands wanted.
7C6 Sutter st. ' ' • -
AN apprentice for halrdresslng; paid while
learning. HANNAH LEVY. , 12S .O'Farrell.
PANTS • finishers: . steady work. 858 Howard
bet. 4th and Sth, over handball court.
PANTS finishers, also apprentices; paid while
learning; steady work. 14 McAllister St., r. IS.
WANTED— Girl to take care of 2 children. Ap-
ply at 1«8 Page st. ;
WANTED— Girl for light housework. 2707
Twenty-first st., near York.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; good In
arithmetic; state age & wages. Box 750. Call..
GIRL to assist with second work and care of
2 children, 7 and 11. 2293 Franklin st.
WANTED— Woman for cooking and general
' housework. Apply at 319 Third st. ¦ .-
WANTED— Girl to do cooking. Apply 204
Haisht st. :-
WANTED— Tallorcss on coats. 724^4 Market
St., room '37; no sweat shop. , :
GOOD girl for general homework; good pay.
109 South Park, bet. Bryant and Brannan sts.
GIRL ' for light housework. 1318 Folsom
street. .
RESTAURANT waitress wanted, $8 a week.
People's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
GIRI.S ' wanted — Experienced hands In book-
binding.. 422 Sacramento st. ¦-.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker on cus-
tom coats'. 927 Market st., room (523.
GIRL for housework: plain washing; evenings
off; wages- $15. 1920 Sutter st.
OPERATORS on • Overalls at Levl Strauss &
Cc's factory, 52% Fremont St.: good wages:
no -experience necessary. 'Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
CAREFUL and good experienced neat Japanese
wants position for family work out of city.
: Address box 733, -Call offlce.
GERMAN-AMERICAN couple, competent and
trustworthy, want work on ranch; references.
Address box 803. Call offlce. :
YOUNG man, understands planing mill work,
1 wants position where he can learn bench
work. Box S24, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS younji man. experienced In
butcher business, wishes a position in the
city. Box 810. Call. -
PHOTOGRAPHER, young man, wishes posi-
tion, in photo studio; have experience. Box
Six, Call offlce. ¦ • . " ¦ -' -- ¦
RELIABLE sober German gardener; under-
stands the care lawn, flowers, horses, buggies,
milking; very useful and willing: good refer-
— ences; city or country. Box 270, Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position on
a private place; thoroughly understands the
care of horses: a careful driver; milk cowa;
care garden; good reference. Uox 84], Call.
WANTED— By middle-aged man, steady Job;
take care of summer residence or willing to
do anything: handy with tools. G. BUR-
HOWS, 417 Kearny st.
PORTER, competent, strong young man, fa-
miliar with houeecleanlng, desires a position:
reference from last place, a State Institution.
Box S48, Call office.
POSITION wanted by first-class planer,
matcher, rip saw and endlcf.3 belt man: good
engineer, stickerman and handy around ma-
chinery. C. McG.. 713 Mission st.
YOUNG man, 24, just from the East, respect-
able, willing and of cood habits, wishes
employment of any kind; city or country.
Box £21, Call. .
HOTEL man, compatent, long experience, with
extraordinary large acquaintance, desires
management of country hotel or summer're-
sort. Box 626, Call. \
A MAN with years of experience as hotel clerk
and steamship uurser. wants position with
hotel or steamship company; city or country;
unquestioned references. Uox fc27. Call office.
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
ular bookkeeoer: terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box fc22. Call offlce.
GIRL for cooking, and general housework;
must be a good cook: 2 in family. Apply In
morning at 17C5 Goush st.
CHAMBERMAID. $15; waitress, city, $25:
housework. Stanford University, $25; a girl to
help In mangle and do plain ironing, institu-
tion, $15; .cook and second girl, Alaraeda, $20
and ?15; a waitress, Nevada. $20, fare paid;
chambermaid and waitress, Monterey Co., $20.
fare re id; chambermaid and laundress, $25;
waitress. Benicla; $20; waitress,' Martinez,
$20; working housekeeper, city,' $13; woman
with n child, country, $12. MISS CULLEN,
225 Sutter et.
YOUNG man desires position bringing him ln
close touch with men of means and Influence;
position Involving personal efforts and re-
sponsibility preferred. Address box 2323, Call
of flcey Oakland.'
WORK as bookkeeper, cashier, expert* account-
ant, rusiness manager, ordinary clerk or as-
sistant or second assistant, or anything to
make a living; large experience; electric
qulcknes?; linguist. N. R. G., box 754, CaK.
GENTLEMAN with European university edu-
cation, speaking and writing 5 languages, ac-
quainted throughout manutacturing and in-
dustrial European centers, would act as
buy^r or representative for first-class house.
Address box 8D0, Call offlce.
ELDERLY gentleman. Englishman, well edu-
' catcd. speaks and writes French and German
fluently, bookkeeper, etc.; geeks employment,
clerical or otherwise; willing to work about
place or act as companion to invalid; city or
country. Box 627. Call.
HELP WAXTEP-WAtE--C»i'. ..
LADIES wishing to marry call or write to
MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.; no charges.
WANTED— An experienced i ostrich ' . • feather
: curler. Call at' 808 Howard st. -
WANTED— Stenographer. Address box 833.
Ca)l offlce. _.
WANTED— Chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and cloak hands
and assistants. Apply 1200. Geary st.
OPERATOR on serglng machine. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. _ "
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1781 FoUom «t. ¦ : ;
A BRANCH afflce for Call advertisements and
subscription^ has been established at loan
Valencia et. ¦ ' : -
HELP WANTED — -MALE. .
X^MURRAY & READY ...T^Tphone Main 5s43
Leading Employment and Labor /Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY......^.-.
FREE FARE FREE FREE FARi.
. ..UKIAH UKIAH
UKIAH •• UKIAH ...-•
60 teamsters.... Ukiah Free fare
50"laborers. .....Ukiah Free fare
60 men for steel, ballast and rock gangs.
Ukiah Free fare
60 laborers, all divisions Santa Fe R. R.. no
experience required. • Free fare
.; MECHANICAL HELP ..."
. .' Carpenters Carpenters
Carpenters Carpenters
6 carpenters for a large mining company, $90,
. steady Job •• *•
3 carpenters, country $72 and found
¦Cooper for a factory $3 day
. horseshoer and blacksmith, camp $*>•»
Blacksmith's helper, ranch $35 and found
Harness makers, camp; 2 rough carpenters,
city, $2 day; well borer '•
MISCELLANEOUS ..-•-
Stableman for an Institution $25 and found
Choreman and care of chickens, institution
$20 and found
Man to repair stoves apd porter, country
store; stableman. trucR stables. $15 week; 5
stabl»men. hostlers and buggy washers
....: SAWMILLS AND WOODS
10 more laborers, no experience required, to
work ln mills, yards and woods of a large
sawmill company, $35 to $55 and found; 10
woodchoppers for a large mining company,
all .winter' s work
FACTORY WORK
5 handy men. city factory. $1 75 day. . steady
Job; 6 laborers, manufacturing company, near
city. $2 day; 8 laborers for another factory.
."$1 7f. day .".
DRILLERS LABORERS MINERS
3 single-hand miners, south $50
Teamster for a mining company.. $33 and found
10 laborers, 60c fare $60
4 laborers, Santa Clara County.. $34 and found
5 quarrymen, see boss here $60
10 drillers. $60; 125 laborers, city and coun-
try, no experience required.." ---
.....FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
Married choreman and milk, wife to cook,
$45 and found; 27 farm and orchard hands,
$26 and $30: dairyman, $40; 9 'teamsters, dif-
ferent ranches $26 and $30.
7 choremen and boys $15, $20 and $23
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC
Night cook, $10 week; cook, plain country
hotel. $40 and found; cook. SOc fare. $40: 3
butchers. $52 and $60; 7 porters, hotels and
saloons $20 to $30 and found
6 waiters, first-class country hotels, $30: 3
camp and ranch cooks; second and third
bakers, $40 and $35 -
MURRAY & READY 634-63S Clay st.
RESTAURANT cook, no Sunday 'work. $13
week; boarding-house cook, country, $40; res-
taurant second cook, $60; fry cook, $50; night
cook, $9 week; porters, $20 and $20; hotel
waiters. $30; restaurant waiters, $11 week; 2
lunch , counter waiters, $23; butler, $35 an<l
found: dishwashers, checkers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento" st.
HOD carrier and rough carpenter for mine,
$2 50 day; 3 machinists for country, $3 25 day;
3 millwrights, $3 50 day; 3 miners. $2 50 day;
wine maker; cooper, $35 and found: leather
cutter, $7 50 week and Increase; 2 men about
place. $25 and $30 and found; 4 men and
wives for ranches and private places. $40 and
$50 and found; 2 milk wagon drivers, $30 and
$40 and found; old man to care for place, $3
and found; general merchandise clerk, boys,
for store, $4 to $6 week; 2 men for shooting
' club. $25 and found; 4 milkers, $30 and $35
and found; laborers, farmers, teamsters and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. -
A— 2 FARMERS and wives' for Sonoma Co..
$40 each, see parties at our office: als.>
farmer and wife for orchard, $40. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. _.
A— W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 CLAY ST.
Cook for dredger, $40 and fare; inside porter,
country hotel, $20; man who understands
packing flour, $50; stable boy for ranch. $20;
2 single-hand miners, $2 50 a day; 2 laborers
for mine. $2 a day; 10 laborers for ditch.
$2 25 a day; 10 drillers for ditch. $2 50 a day;
milker for cows and chores, $25; cfcoreman,
. .countrr. $30; second cook for boat. .$40; cob-
bler to rent' country shop. >
A— FARE advanced; to. go to-day; • for saw-
mill and lumber yard. El Dorado County; 10
laboring men: $2 a day. W. D. EWER &
CO.. £10 Clay st.
A— FOR sugar refinery; free fare: 10 laborers:
10 hours a day; steady work; $3 a- day and
board. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
W) railroad teamsters for Ukiah. $2 to $2 25
per day; 50 laborers for Ukiah, $2 per day;
10 quarrymen, country,' $2 per day; sailors lOr
Honolulu. Puget Sound and Old Mexico. $40
per month and found; 3 carpenters, country,
$3 to $3 50 per day. 3 months' Job.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST.
Night cook. $40; waiter, country hotel, $30;
kitchen hand, $1 25 a day; p'.stry cook, $45:
• baker for Institution. $35; man about 35 years
old as orderly for boys' Institution. $25 and
found; butler. $45, etc.
A— MARKER and distributer ln laundry, $50
and increase. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Chef. $125; pastry cook. $73; bell boy. $10.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers" International Union
meets to-night. 3:30. 32 O'Farrell. I. LESS. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
I Fr»- employment. 927 Market *t.. room 297.
" 1. LESS, secretary: telephone. Jessie 117*.
FOR retail store, stock clerk, also assistant
for packer; also errand boy who can drive
light wagon; state age. wages desired and for
which position you apply. Box 749. Call.
STRONG young man with references who un-
; derstands packing goods for shipment; also
to assist ln store. Address Packing, box 74S.
HONEST, sober man with $73. In established
business; can make $15-$18 per week; no risk.
Call at once. 78 Third St.. room 2.
EXPERIENCED bill clerk for wholesale bouse;
must be accurate and quick at figures; refer-
ences; salary to commence $10. Box 751. Call.
WANTED— A young apprentice boy 15 'or 16
years old to learn the baker trade. 1S17
Powell st. ,
LATHERS, marine firemen, lumber stevedores,
sailors, non-union; no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st., r. 24.
EXPERIENCED butcher wanted to solicit or-
ders and work In shop: must give good ref-
erences. Call at 3035 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Elevator boy at RAPHAEL'S
(Inc.). ¦
2 FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors; best pay;
steady work. DANZIGER. 237 Powell st.
"WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers and vegctablemen; no fee. 127 Mason st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. LESTER. 8 and
10 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; steady
work. Call Monday early at S59A Minna, st.
CLOTHING cutter; experienced; shop work.
20 San3ome st.
BOOTBLACK. California Hotel barber shop. -
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing for shce
store; steady work.. 2S01 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS porter. 324 Montgomery. .
AN/- experienced florist; also a good errand
boy. 1441 Polk gt. -„ "
YOUNG man and boy" wanted: experience un-
necessary; good remuneration. 323 First st.
YOUNG man handy with carpenter tools.
321»i-Turk gt '
ERRAND boy for tailor shop; $2*50 week., S53
V Howard, bet. 4th and »th. over handball court.
WANTED— Strong German boy In a confec-
t lonery. 120S Tolk st.
WANTED — A" union barber: young mtxn pre-
ferred. Cor. Thirtieth st. and San Jose ave.
WANTED— Good painters: also a helper* Call
at 7.*30 o'clock, cor. Henry and Noe uts.-. < ,-.
WANTED^-Rellable man to fire and run en-
gine. Box .763. Call office. ¦ .
A STEADY man with $200 cash can make $73
month. Apply 209 Kearny st.. room 1. . .
GOOD barber; steady work; young man nre-
ferred. 70S McAllister st.
WANTED— A dishwasher or general helper in
: kitchen. 19 Powell »t. .
WANTED— Graduate optician with. trial case
instruments, etc. Box 7C4, Call office. -
THIRD cook, $25, board and room. Call earlv
¦ at 839 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale. 920 Battery St.: cheap. '
BARBER Bhop for nale; bargain. 215 Sixth at.
$12", — PAYING 2-chalr iarber shop: cheap rent.
I - with 11 vine rooms. Box 7c:. Call. -
A THOROUGHLY capable and experienced
poultry man wants position to manage n*od-
ern poultry plant; he Is familiar with %U In-
cubator and brooding systems; he Is "an ex-
pert In raising either chicks, ducks, geese or
other fowl; several years' apprenticeship on
the largest plants has made him competent
to conduct any plant; references given. Ad-
dress A. LARSON, 515 Pine. ft. .
RELIABLE nil-round man wishes position as
foreman on ranch; references; 17 years' ex-
perience. Address box 747, Call.
WANTED— Position by veteran soldier; one
having small pension; trustworthy; willing to
' do some light work. Box 752, Call.
WANTED— By a young man, a place to room
and board in private family in center of city.
Box 778, Call offlce.
A— MRS.'M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Salt Lake City, $20, fare ad-
vanced: waitress, Benlcia. $25; waitress, La-
throp. $20; waitress for Bakersflald, $25. fare
paid; restaurant waitress, $25; 5 waitresses,
first-class hotels, city, $20; chambermaid to
wait, $20» fancy ironer. $150 per day
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $25: 3 houseglrls, $23, city; housegirl,
Berkeley, $25; second girl, $20; second girl,
$15; French lady's maid, $25 to $30; many
other choice places. ,
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO S35 Geary st.
2 houseglrls, Bakersfleld, see parties here..
.....'.... $2>)-$30
Housegirl, Santa Clara County, no wash.. $20
Middle-aged woman, care ot children $15
Housegirl, ranch work $25
Cooks, housegtrls, second girls ..$10-$30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Waitress, Benlcia ' $25
Waitress, Merced $2i>
2 waitresses, Lathrop $20
10 waitresses, city ....$20
5 waitresses, restaurants .....? $30
Waitress, assist chambermaid. Belvedere.. $20
Laundress, country hotel $20
Mangier, institution " $15
Cook, country hotel, fare paid $30
.- FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Chambermaid and seamstress $"o
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .:Phone Grant 183.
;./.... HOTKL DEPARTMENT.....
Waitress, Sausalito $20
SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; epe-n until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:20 p. m.
63* McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
" CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 d. m.
1841 Mission street; open. until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
' until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
~y Flllmora street: open until 9 p. m.
UEETIXG >OTICES. i>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No7 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, it.^^
7:30 o'clock, third degree. M* sler M & : /W\
sons cordially Invited. By order of the ?
. W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON, fcec.
¦ KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260 K. and •
A. M-. 1839 Fillmore St.— Third degree _**-
THIS EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. /W\
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. fjT
ALTA Lodge No. IC5. I. O.< O. F. —
Initiation MONDAY EVENING. =gC~3fe
September 30. 51 "
C. O. PARADIS. N. G. '/«/l>^
DIV. No. 2. A. O. H.-The regular VSj^TJ
* monthly meeting cf this division will VwST
be held at Hibernla Hall. 120 Ninth JJJ1S&
rt.. on TUESDAY. October 1. 1301. at f^gij
7:30 p. PS. jQHX KEN . VT present.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary. j
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting-Notice is hereby ]
civen that the annual meeting of the s^ock- i
holders of the Bank of California will be held i
ax the banking house in this city on TUEJ- j
DAY. October 8. 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m. By j
I order of the Board of Directors. 1
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AUOl'TIOS.
GIRL *nd bor baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. Hlfi Eighth ft.. Alam*!*.
AGENTS WASTED.. .
AGEXTS"WANTED— Life of McKlnley. five
hundred i>age large book; handsomely illus- j
trated: outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent
discount to agents; freight paid; credit given. |
HENRY NEIL, S£3 Dearborn st.. Chicago. j
OUR "martyr "Presidents. McKlnley. Garfleld. j
Lincoln: iheir Illustrious lives and glorious |
deeds- handsomely illustrated: outfit tent on
receipt of 25c. J. A. HOFMANN. 1219 Bush.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKlnley; 500 pa?e.
large book; handsomely illustrated; outfit
Tree; now ready. S. C. MILLER & CO.. Port-
land. Or. •
HALS=TEAD - S "Life of President McXinley";
agents wanted. THE J. DEWING CO.. |
Flood building. I
ASP'HALTUM KOOF1XG.
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tcl. Folsom 2477.
ATTOKMSVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick:
quiet- no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc. prepared; charge low; e«tb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. S50 Market gt. i
* ADVICE free:dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col- |
lections attachments; mortgages: bills of sale:
partnerships: <leeds:wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008H Mkt.. r. 4. op. &th.
ADVICE free: open eve.: moderate fee If kuc-
cetcful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market st.
¦ ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. |
W. DAVIDSON. 327 Market st.. opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Srreckel* bldg.,-^27 Mar- j
ket Ft. : consultation free: no lees in advance, j
ItUAItUINU 'FOU CHILDREN. i
L\DY wishes child to board; country home;
easy terms : reference. L. LEITHMANN.
Dimond Postoffioe, Fruitvale. ,
WANTED— Young boy to board In refined fam- I
lly. MRS. GEORGE SANDOW. 762 Clayton. !
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or |
thr?« children: low terms. 1607 California st. i
7 BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD. j
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956. i
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st. <
KI^EAU TKUNKS.^ j
ASK to see Lundbcck's Improved drawer •
uxnk: at all dealers or factory. 856 Howard. J
» — I
ULSINKSS CtfAKCICM. j
A— $750; THE leading delicacy store In the Mis- \
sion. dolnc a first-class paying business and
having the cream of the trade; fresh stock. |
elegant fixtures; a rare chance. Call R. G. j
WILKE. 26V- Kearny gt.
I A— $1000; PARTNER wanted In old-established
corner saloon; best downtown location: a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. £6»i Kearny St.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to Market st.: I
-.near Chronicle bldg.; a good paying business, i
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $2500; LIVERY and boarding stable north of I
Market St.. clearing above $300 per month; full I
value in eight; a rare opportunity. Call K. I
G. WILKE. 26',i Kearny st. . j
A— $450; GOOD-PAYING saloon^ close to the |
water front; rent $2o; must be sold at once, as I
owner.ls compelled to return to Michigan. Call
R, G. W4LKE, %\<s Kearny st.
A— $600; CIGAR store; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny st. ; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in . sight. Call , R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi
Kearny et. t
A— $400: CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent J23;
good business; must be sohi at once; owner ;
acceivted Government position. Call R. G. j
WILKE, 264 Kearny st. !
MAN with $500 capital; best Investment for the j
money in the city. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016
Market et.. opposite Fifth.
CHOP house, $12i McBRIDE & CO.. 1016
Market et
OKOCERY and bar. $C30. McBRIDE & CO..
1016 Market et.
SMALL amount of money to invest In stock In
a new steam laundry that will be running In
2 weeks; this is a gilt-edge chance for man
or woman; shareholders get choice of pod-
tions. Buslnet-s Board of Trade. 326 Pine Et.
A— $3500— GROCERY and bar: estab. 16 years;
fine trade. A. H. RETSLOFT. 906 Market st.
WASTED — An energetic business man with
$1250 a« partner in eld -established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; tine large horses
and wagons; large stock on hand: or will sell
the whole; Etock and Improvements invoice
$3000. J. H. STA.NTUX. 47 Post Bt.
$200-*-\VANTED, active man for permanent.
profitable manuiacturing business; light work.
*tsl'.y handled; <julck returns: no competition
-or agency; $200 required; full particulars in
Interview only. Box S25. Call offlce. !
PARTNER wanted to take active part In light
businefcy. where KM can be made the next W
days, with chance for flOa a month the year
round; ucst have $600 and be willing to as-
:. «tet generally. 25 Geary st. room 1.
WANTED— Small ranch within /100 miles of
city; some Improvements and never failing
t-pring water; will give a fine pfeylng grocery
clearing flu; month in exchange; no' agents;
owner only. C9 McAllister *t.
/A— CHANCE to begin life over again; oppor-
tunity for gt-ntleman having J37i to net $30
jjer month in a j.l.-asant. clean, uafe cash
business. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott bldg.
AT ONCE. I "
Old-established faying ehoestore'on principal ,
street: conn-elled to «¦•]] at once; no bonus :
fcr good will asked. Address box S30. Call. !
— __ ¦¦» - "~
T< p*ce'tv£r Th ' Ca " * ecncy ln Santa Cruz =
$2C0-P.\RTNER wanted; lljrht business; eulted '
/ to plain, steady man eatlbfied with $15 to J1S
a week, with chance of increase; no experi-
ence required. 2i Geary st.. room L -
• $1COO— FOR sale, delicatessen store; good loca-
tion; receipts $.40 to $C0 p*r day; rent $15' I
guarantee this bargain. VUANK E. DEN-
_?LF5l'_I OOR1 ?• U McAllister st.
WANTED— GniU stake by honest, hardy pros-
pector; has 8 yeztf first-class experience In
Alaska; last wlnur found location where for-
mations look wonderfully cood. Box STS. Call.
FOR Eale. cheap— 520 acres of excellent coal
land in Pierce County. Washington. For
lurther Information addrcrs box 7S3. fall.
DELICACY store cheap: business averages $10
per -day: eood reason for pale: thorough in-
venlgatlon Invited. Box C22. Call office.
"SALOON for Eale— On account of sickness of
owner: rood trade. - Apply to GEO D
EHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal..
WANTED— Working partner with some capital
In a new manufacturing enterprise; quick re-
turns. Factory. 235 Valencia st. -
*"IVE ladles wanted with $200 each as directors
in pold mining company having rich deposit
In Shasta Co. G. NEWTON & CO.; 759 Market.
BAKERS— To let. large store, with oven: good
location: well adapted for bakery and coffen
Mloon. 121 Kills et.
LAt>Y wants gentleman buy Interest establish"
««d business; terms suit buyer. Dox F65. Call.
BARGAIN — Branch bakery and variety store;
must be sold this week... 1302 Devlsadero.
FOR exchange— Lodging-house for chicken
ranch near town. Box S29,. Call offlce. "
, UNDERTAKING— Will buy nn Interest or form
company. Box Sis. Call offlce.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
— j
A RARE chance— For sale, a wholesale and re-
tall liquor business in the thriving city of
Fresno (population 16,000); last year's busi-
ness $50,000: established 13 years: must be sold
on account of death of senior member of firm;
¦ this business is good- to net from $50"0 to
$6000 a year above all expenses: best location
and long lease. For particulars, see CROWN
DISTILLERIES COMPANY. 100 Front St., S.
F.. or address PAUL R. RUBEN. Fresno. Cal.
$800 AND $350— Fine opportunity to invest In
established blacksimth business; price in each
caee covers stock, tools ; and good-will. Ad-
dress box 2S3. Call office. - ••'
JSOO— SNAP: good saloon, near city; main!
6treet; cheap, rent. 412 Examiner building. I
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bar-
gain. 27C0 Mission st..' no agents.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap; must sell on ac-
count of sickness. 1446 Market st. ~- i
FOR SALE— Large saloon in Western Addi-
tion. Apply Bavaria Brewery^ » • '
$M— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laun-
dry: suitable for lady, i 437 Fulton st.
FOR sale— An old established rrult store; owner j
retiring from business. 41S Thlrd^sL
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
$450— DOWNTOWN ;¦ 14 rooms; cheap rent:
near Market and Fifth sts.; clears $75; other
¦ business cause of selling. Apply DECKER.
1020 Market st.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
15 rooms; Geary Bt. ; $250 cash; only $575
34 rooms (the best): clears $300 S00O
50 rooms: partly lurnished: only &00
19 rooms: corner; owner must leave city.. 1100
20 rooms; new; elegant; clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 900
is rooms: on Post 6t 1400
8 rooms: fine yard 350
eo-rocm house; clears $100 , 1400
33 rooms: worth $2:>00 t. 1600
10 rooms: very good ., 400
12 rooms; corner 600
ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY SOLD ON
PAYMENTS.
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; o:i Geary ft l'-^Q
K-0 rooms: clears $350; payments to suit... 600<i
16 rooms: transient: only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st li»00
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rccms; clears every month $300 1600
S rooms; flat; near City Hall.. 35<>
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $S0 CCO
48 rooms; hotel and bar. 1500
IS rooms: on Sixth st.: clears $S0 SCO
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
15 rooms: corner; just like hffme 1500 .
10 rooms; on Mason st.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3300
21 rooms: $600 cash, balance payments 12»0 |
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any. of the following on monthly payments:
24-rooin workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls: fine income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments — 1000
50 rooms: rent $100; clears $230 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk St.; all rented 325
CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
10 rooms.; Eddy; furnished fine 800
11 rooms; desirable location 4t>0
7 rooms; O'Farrell st 400
16 rooms: Howard St.; housekeeping.. $00
12 rooms; Bush st '• 600
24 rooms: Geary st.; payments 1900
15 rooms; Sutter st.; central .'-.. £•«>
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 90S Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rooms 1. 2.
Olfice near Call Building.
I have 4 salesmen: money to loan; long list.
40 rms.; near theaters and street cars; rent
$4 a room; roomers pay $10 to $U per room;
house clears about $115 each month: terms >i
cash, balance monthly installments $2600
20 rms.: new oak furniture; new heavy Brussels
carpets; rent $oO; full of men; income always
, more than $125; all light rooms; owner must
sell at once because of death ln family.. $600
10 rms.: on Golden Gate ave.; tine sunny house;
large rooms; furniture good; each month
clears. $40 $S50
61 rms.; clears about 52CO a month: I will
exchange for farm or sell for 14 cash....$4C0O
14 rms.: central corner: newly furnished; clean:
; clears $33 per month; offices; ail men....$lOoO
S rms.; rent $2(U clears $15 per month MOO
j Several hotels and boarding-houses; all sizes.
j Above are samples; please call for free list.
\ 11 ROOMS: rent $35; must be sold $100
; 12 rooms; choice location: rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 373
! 10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush st.... 800
{ 43 rooms; fine sunny comer; central.... 3700
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 0000
12 rooms; newly renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms: rent $70; a money maker 1250
' Tl rooms; corner; cood transient: clean.. lSOfl
: 19 rooms; something Kocd:/pee It 2500
! 85 rooms; elegant: one of the best 8000
foOOO— S7 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$C0— 14 rooms: O'Farrell: rent $45: bargain.
We furnish all the money you neod.
! DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
| WANTED— Lady with $250 as manager for «=e-
I lect board and rooming house: no trifiers
\ DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. Sr.0 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and R Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Fee our list of bargains.
45 r. ; oak and mahogany fur.; clears $100. $3000
I 39 r.; rent $125; oak fur.: good carpets — 2350.
30 r. ; rent $125; Al trans.: fine fur Z2nG
I 24 r. ; rent $110: everything good and clean 1300
I 21 r. ; rent $43: walnut fur.: housekeeping. 10<X>
I 17 r.; rent $100: good fur. and carpets 15>j
I 10 r.; rent $47 50: oak" fur.; carpets good.. K.0
i 7 r.; rent $55: golden oak fur 250
I 5 r.; r»>nt $18: modern flat: good fur...... 250
Over r»0O houggs-listed. Call before buying.
A— WANTED at once, tenants for new 60 to
100 room houses. Apply A. M. SPECK &. CO.,
6C7 Market Ft.
WINSTON & WOLF. W26 Market st_
15 rooms: runny corner: cheap vent.' $inoo
15 rooms; rent $'>0: part cash 10'X)
17 rooms; rent $30; reduced to S00
18 rooms; rent $37; clean house S0O
20 rooms: central: fine furniture 1200
25 rooms=; rent $i>0; a Fnop 300
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find It to their ad-
vantage to rail and examine list of FISHER
* CO. S3S Market tf., phone Folsom 1592.
24 r $J4W) 22 r $SM 16 r $«<W
20 r IK'O 20 r 800 II r 450
IS r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 7tf> 8 r 350 10 r 4M
8 r .'. IZO 6 r 223 7 r 225
McBRIDE &- CO.. 101G Market St.. opp. Fifth.
20-room houFe. SSSO; 6-rr.om house, $123; 10-
room house. $150; 10-room house on Eddy St.,
$'S0: ll-room houpe. $6H0: 20-room house, $1500;
21-room house, $1250: half cash, balance to
] >--ult the buvcr.
$13Q!>— 20 NICELY "furnished rooms; all rented;
rent $100 r*r month.
SSofl — 12 fine furnished rooms: rent $60.
f4-'> / ) — S fine furnished rooms; rent $30.
All rorth Market ft.: good location.
FRANK E. DENNEN. Room 32. 14 McAllister.
R. G. WILKE. 26'A Kearny rt.. rooms 9 and 10.
tn rooms on Post «=t $12WI
'7 rooms on Geary st 4500
24 rooms on Leavenworth st 2000
About 3C0 more houses enlisted with us.
THE larr^t and beyt list of lodging-houses
and hotel* enn be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1311,
?17 Market st.. near Fifth.
WANTED — For oaph. cood 15 to 25 room houso:
central: veil furnished. A(Mr»s« box fi6S. Call.
CHF.APF.ST ard best in Ameriea-The Weekly
Call. IC p?.ffes. pent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
SPimTUALISM.
DROCKWAY tells everything; he keeps nothing
from you; ln matters of business or social
nfTalrs he Is without a peer; his charges are
iilv.-sys. the same; business readings dally, $1;
by mail. $2; eeance to-night, Tuesday and
Thursday, 8:15 p. m., 25c. 299 Hyde St., cor-
ner Eddy. ¦
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
/Sun.. Tues., Frl., 8 p. m.", 50c; you can speak
to rpirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from '¦ many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2273 Larkin. '
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM. spiritual medium
. r.nd life wader: mining a specialty: cir.-Sun.,
I Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
I MUSTAFA— Kpyptian materializing, seance
i Run.. Wrd...Fri., 8 p. m., 25c; sittings dally.
1610 Bush ht.
I MRS. J. J. WHITNKY. trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings'; $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell M. : Ellis car. .
MME. GYEISN. well-known trance medium;
Bluings dally from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. ex-
cept Sunday. 993. Market st.. parlors 14-15.
FREE; -iiroof. ladles, before beginning, develop
your n-.ediumistlc nifts: guarant. full names'
SO.dayi.. 724 Post st.; Franklin on door.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak St.: circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p.- m.: Wednesday ladles. 2:SC
- p. m.. 10c; readings dally, 60c..
EARLE. independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel,
Polk 1C01; t-eance Tues.. Thurs.. Sun.. S p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
i PROF. GEIS..1CS Sixth st.— Readings, 60c. $1;
clr. Sun.. Tues.. Thurs. and Frl. nights. 10c,
MRS. HA'RRISON. spiritual medium. ' See hei
for a few days at S5S Mission at.
SITUATION wanted— First-class coachman;
thorough horsoman; Al gardener; good all-
round man; best of references. Address J.
C. 3o& Jessie tt. ,
EMPLOYMENT" WANTED — MALE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 1200 Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200. rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
}G week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
RELIABLE Danieh woman wishes position;
working housekeeper. Address 933 'Mission st
• HELP .WASTED — MAXE Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .'.... 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
.. FOR- UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
10O teamsters ". <<• $2
1C0 laborers • $"-'
FOR NEVADA
\ FOR NEVADA ,
10O teamsters tl
100 laborers H
FOR TRUCKEE -
FOR TRUCKEE
50 laborers $175
FREE FARE. -SHIP DAILY. -FREE FARE
2 blacksmiths, country. $3 a day; 2 stablemen,
city. $30 and $35 and found; 1 man to drive
and 'take care horses, country. $40 and room..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, country hotel $10O
Head waiter, country hotel $75
Eastern head waiter... $»0
Eastern waiter • $50
Head laundryman. country hotel $75
German waiter, country restaurant $30
Sllverman country hotel. $30; porter, country
'hotel. $30; 6 porters, city. $20 to $30; 4 bell-
boys, $15 to $:0; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands. $25 to $30 -•
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
MEN "WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
Carpenters,
Experienced PHedriver Hands,
Experienced Raftsmen.
For work in this city at China Basin. Potrero
and for various Jobs along the water front.
Also for wcrk at Mare Island and Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new jobs daily, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
15RIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS* ASSN.,
__ 4 California at., room la.
"WANTED — Able-bodied men able to handl*
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 514 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, ¦'coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference ln future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
ZZZ * ¦
1C0O MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen.
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
. Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans*
portatlon night and morning provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front st.
•£a ZZH
AT RISDON IRON WORKS. San Francisco-
Machinists, boilermakers, patternmakers,
machine blacksmiths and shipsmlths; also
young men over 17 years to serve appren-
ticeships at these trades; excellent induce-
ments: ample protection. Apply office. Beale
and Howard st3. ~
WANTED — Competent man as , salesman and
general hand about second-hand furniture
store; only one acquainted with the business
need apply. II. SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh
St.. Oakland.
ACTIVE man to drive delivery wagon, solicit
new trade and collect for large firm: wages
from $40 to $S0 per month; must furnish cash
bond. Box 3S4, Call office.
"WANTED— A younc man between IS and 21
years of age for a stock clerk in wholesale
millinery house; one with experience pre-
ferred. HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line bein?
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply en
work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 25. San Fran-
clsco. Cal.
"WANTED— Recruits -for the marina corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; n-.t
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed; catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
,- COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. "Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 130 larso
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per -week.
A FEW good laborers wanted for mine In Mon-
terey Co.; fare advanced. Call at offlce, 904
Claua Epreckels building. Monday forenoon.
WANTED— An experienced furniture driver for
double team: , permanent position for right
party; give references. Address box 753, Call.
WANTED— Retail druggist; competent and
experienced: permanent position; good sal-
ary. Box TZSr Call offlce.
WANTED— Good jewelry repairer and engraver
to go to Tacoma. Apply California Optical
Co., 317 Kearny st. .
BOYS 17 years to learn glove finishing; also
experienced. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Mar-
ket st.
DENTIST wanted; experienced graduate or li-
centiate; Christian. Room 11/ 1065 Washing-
ton St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Bright Doy from 14 to 16 years of
age. Apply 8 to 10. HALE BROS.. Inc.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS— A 2-chair shop newly furnished for
sale; a barcaln. 316 Third st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— A handy man around saloon to
cook lunch and also help bar. Box 812. Call.
FARMER— Single nvin; wages $1 per day and
board. Call 32 Fremont st.
RANCH foreman: single man. Address box
734. Call office. -
COOK wanted. 217 Sixth St.: call early.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half,
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STRONG, intelligent boys. IS to 20 years old. to
learn machinist trade. 605 Mission st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st. -
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H; Thomas Post. G. A. K.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition ln
. San Francisco Barber School. 714A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Tl.ird st. near Mar-
ket— 7CO rooms. 25c night: reading 'rooms; fre»
•bus and baggage to end from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL- and nervous diseases cared for at 3an
Elmo Hospital. ?30 Douglass »t.. Sun Fran..
HOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
' cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Residence.- 104 Guerrero st.. near 13th:
10 rooms; sunny; high ground; garden; sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines ot cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
HOUSE. 7 rooms, bath: suitable for 2 families-
rent $14. 4C5 Greenwich st. .
MINNA; 63S. bet. Seventh ani Eighth— 6 rooms
and basement; rent $15. Key In grocery.
HOUSE to W— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner
St.. near Ellis. .
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room house, with
ample grounds, ln most desirable part of th->
Mission for term of 6 months to responslbl*
party with first-class references. Call at ,
1 -. PATTOSIEN'S. corner Sixteenth and Mission.
A SUNNY- cottage. 5 rooms, bath, piano. cltlcK-
"».; fruit trees: Alamedw: I block from M%-'
.tion.;A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Market «.
POSITION wanted by a first-class colored lady
cook. Address C. T.. 1006 Clay «t.
COMPETENT chambermaid wants work in
hotel or rooming-house. Address I006A Golden
Gate ave. ¦
AN English lady • of . refinement to"V care for
children or companion to lady; speaks French
and Spanish. R. A.. 1823 Devlsadero St.. San
Francisco. i .
3000 yards carpet; leather library set. o pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT, 708 Valencia st!
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
. A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 123 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE good -as new of 3 rooms for
housekeeping. ¦ 262 Minna st. ; no dealers.
FOR sale— Furniture 4 rooms and bath; price
$125; rent $15. 912 Ellis; sunny side; lower flat.
YOUNG lady, graduated physician, to assist
ln doctor's offlce, nurse or take ' charge of
a patient; employment needed.- Address box
G34. 'Call office. • •
A. L. STORRS,' 634 Ellis St.; telephone Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S 50, with No. 1
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady, experienced in trav-
eling, wo4ild like situation as companion, to
Invalid, or would take charge of children,,
parties going East preferred; references. Box
S20, Call. - -, " ¦ . . ¦ - ¦- .'
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, an excellent house-
„ keeper, understanding well -the care of chil-
dren, wishes a position as housekeeper in
private family or Institution; no objection to
countiy. Bex 624, Call. ;
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror, j
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 132*.
Seary's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
P.ESPECTABLE woman wants position to do
general housework; not- afraid to work. 346
Linden ave., near Goush st.
GIRL wishes a. situation to do general. house-
. work; wages $25; can give good city refer-
ences. -Apply at 1142 Howard st. :^
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good i fitter
and sklrtmaker. sews 60c a day, $2 50 a week.
G. F.. box 761, Call office.-
CAPP, 913. neai~ Twenty-fourth— Completely
furnished flat. 4 rooms, bath; porch; $20; no
. children.
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner and can do mostlany kind of. work:
good references; wages $1 per day and car-
. fare; good washer of flannels. 88 3d st., r. 19.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
LASKIE, 27, between Eighth and Ninth— 3 sun-
ny furnished rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $12. % ,.
A FRENCH girl speaking no English desires
situation as second girl. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st... • ¦ • . . . .'•'• .
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires
situation ; good cook and " house worker ; ref.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE,
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress
desires situation; best of ref. MISS CULLEN,
¦ 325 Sutter st. "... ' •
$25-MODERN . flaft, 7 roonis and bath; 1405B
Pacific ave. Call 1411 Pacific ave.
UNNY -upper flat; 6 rooms and' bath; new
plumbing; first-class condition. 2108 Baker st.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat; 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard ; reasonable to good tenant.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all- kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
. reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 616.
CHINESE | and Japanese Employment | Of flee-
Best .help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426. :
SUNNY 8-room ; 2 -kitchens: corner bay-wln-
.,--. dow ;; middle; modern. Key 417V4 Third st.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath. 4054 Nineteenth
st., near Castro.
FLAT of 8 rooms ; ' gas range ; $10. Jersey and
- -Sanchez sts. . ¦..-•¦.
HAYWARD et., 2. near Eighth— Sunny upper
. - flat,"; 3 * rooms; rear; . $7. "'. , '.--• '.-•.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
: AOKI & CO.", 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PLATS TO LET— Continued.
___-_'._ jjj^l CLAIRVOYANTS.- "''.';-.'. " ¦ -
MME. M. "'BERN ARD^ : " '"' ¦"¦ "~" .
. .-.-•-; ....... THE FAMOUS / :
Clairvoya-nt and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and. portrays events to' occur ln the fu-
ture. If you. are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles,- consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ' '
MRS. DR. F.' CLARK, the well-knowntranc«
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect. satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp ' for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
• > HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
dbted at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. ' m. :'¦ • 215VS Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reador. born' with double veil— second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c;
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Tnrk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant- and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10. a. m:
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. .
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
future;full names given ;sittings 50CI326A Ellis.
MISS ZEMDAR. i young gifted clair. and palm.;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. 50c, G. $1. 1079 Mkt.. cor. 7th.
PROF. ¦ JOHN jT~HULTHEN. clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader: reveals past, present
and future: 50c. lCOT'ri Market St., near. Sixth.
FREE, ladles, morning, September; free test
readings, future events and questions: abso-
lutely free-. 724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
MME. LARQSE. beet clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken, 25c up. 777HMarket st.,room 18.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. t>th; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY. spiritual card reader;, send
stamp for dr.; L., 25c; G.. 50c. 917, Howard.
MRS. BROWN. clairvoyant. card reader;
_Iadies 25c. gents EOc. 132 Sixth St.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader: ladies 25c, gents 50o. 2S Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader rrom Louisiana:!
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minoa. St., nr. Kourth. j
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken; tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmistry:
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MMB. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. USV 2 Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice ;v names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET KEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted" with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, ,3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, 151H4 Market st.; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c ;renovated ;relald. 105 14th st.: tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Gutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-baatlng works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 GoMen Gate avc; telephone East 12o ;
CITY Steam •Carpet-be.ting Works. G. H.
STEVENS.-. Met.. 3S-40 Sth st. : te.. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carnet-beating and Rcno-
vatirig Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
, ciniioronisTs.
PROF.Strapsburger fromN.Y.. specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chtonlcle big., rm. 76."
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOHGE \V. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un. .
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. .-¦¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, yard, $S. Jersey and
Sanchez sts.
DEXTISTST^
A— DR. T.~ s7~HIGGINS~ 927~" aiarket~streetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
lor painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
. artlncial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a gqod metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
- without plate; painless extraction.'"^ -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
• $?50 up; plates, extractions free. • $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. :' Sundays, 9 to
I 2 p. in. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
: EIGHT prizes for best* crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
1 cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
! DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, ?"¦: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth."
j AT Ideal Dental Co.. C Eddy et.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. S3: fillings. 25c.
YOU can fflve 40 per cent on dental work by
poing to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET ot teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
youxg. isu roik *t.
DR. R. L. WALSH S15y«Geary.nr.Larkln-Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 upiphonePolkllW
DP.. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
nmlner buIJtllnpr; formerly In Murphy bldg.v
VAN VROOM— "rainless"; 'evening? and Sun-
davp. 1001 Mark>t «t.. rnrner Sixth. ',
DOC noSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'8 C/ P. do? Foap by druggists
, nr at tV"» H~«=nltPl. M0 Onldfi O»t« nve.
nRKSSMAKERH AND SEOISTRKSSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. _
}"RRNCH accordion and knife pleating. WM. »
PILOER. 121 Post, ovpr O'Connor & Moffatt.»
•' KmtATiONAI,.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market —
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,'
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experiencetl^teachers;
¦ new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men ot the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor Geo. II.Boke of jurisprudence dept.
A— The official reporters of the SupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
"MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? "Life scholarship $!>0: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool fcr the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. * .
CORRESPONDENCE Schools' students assisted
evenings: lessons in mathematics, mechanics
and drawings; send for circulars. 3040 Six-
teenth st. J. F. KLENCK. t •:
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. ¦ Full Information write D.
MACLEAN. M. D.. dean. Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School.
associated with . theatrical agency securing
• positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand. ~ typ-
Ing. prnctlcnl bookkeeping* Rooms 40-45. Par-
rett bldg.: individual instruction:, catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Ct\iL.elec, mining." mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; (lay, eve.; est. 1864. Van
_der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
.fects beginners, college graduates* bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott. building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping 'and r th9
Gregg shorthand costs only. $60. . San v Fran -
¦ . Cisco Business College. 1236 Market 'st. •¦
WANTED— Good ; mandolin players for j select
.club, and -violinist, 'etc., for amateur orches-
tra. sr*1?. Conservatory. 301 Jones st. • ,. s •
Chicago Business College. 143-j Markp'.'nr. 10th —
. Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
PIANO lessons at pupllo' homes." 50c and $1 ;
highest references. -Address box 623. '.Call.'
VAUDEVILLE School - nf Acting— Pupils pre-
pa red for the stage. "125 Mason st. i -
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for clr-
; cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.'
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin! guitar
lessons. SOc^plano ¦ for practice. 39. Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI,' experienced teacher: violin,-
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission:.
I LLUSTltATlON— PARTINGTON'S DAY- and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.* -.
HEALD'S Business College, ; 24 Post Bt.. S. F.;
; founded 1SC3: : new SO-page catalogue free."
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping." grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; fa mo. 1024 Mission, nr.
UPPER flat. 5 -sunny' front rooms and bath;
re"nt $18. SW. corner Geary and Wood stt. ¦
$12—3 SUNNY rooms.. 52S Greenwich st., near
. Stockton. Inquire next door: no children. •
$11—281 SHIPLEY, near Sixth, flat 6 rooms,
-bath, gas;, nice yard. .,* .
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLTDE'L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Nesa
. —Best work' and lowest prices west Chicago.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 .Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1334.THE COAST RECORD.
Weather Report.
" (12Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. 8ept. 29--6 P« m.
¦ Tho following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
' Eureka, S8; Mount Tamalpals. 55; Independ
ence, — ; Red Bluff, 68; Fresno, — ; Los An
kpIcs, 6(5; Sacramento, 74; San Luis Oblspo, 60;
San Diego, 62. . .' ¦ t .
. Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 54; mean, 68.
Union Trust Company of Ban Francisco to
Catherine F. Reed (wife of William H.),.lot
on W line of Tenth avenue, 300 S of N street,
S 75 by W 120; $10.
Jefferson H. and Anna Scammon to John
Campbell, lot 21, block It, Park Lane Tract,
No. 6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Edgar
J. Mlze. lot commencing on dividing line be
tween Preclta Valley lots 110, in and 120, on
N line of Bernal avenuo (California avenue), N
124 E 75. 8 123, W 75, portion of Preclta Valley
lot 111; $10.
Charles 8. Capp to same, tot on S . line of
Preclta avenue, known as the NE corner of
Preclta Valley iot.lU. W 80. 8 124, E 80. N 123,
N half (124-244) of Preclta Valley lot 111. sub
ject to right of J. K. Kappler to lay sewer pipe
In the adjoining lot S of the above described
upon a strip S feet wide extending between lots
111 and 112 and right-of-way over laid strip
(quitclaim deed); IS.
Edward J. Mlxe to Antoinette L. M. Mc-
Carthy, lot on 8 line of Preclta avenue. M> E
from NW corner of lot ill, W 25 by B 128, Pre
clta Valliiy lot 111; lift. • „¦ ¦ •
Same to Ada Schendol, lot on 8 line of Pre*
ctta avenue at Intersection of lot 111. W 30 by
8 123, Preclta Valley lot 111. subject to right to
lay a sewer pipe from the adjoining lot 8 of
nliow described, a strip 6 feet In width am!
right of way over wild strip; 110.
odd Fellows' Cemetery .-Association ip John
Jacob Him. lot in cemetery: $225. -
Bertha and William G. Tischbein to Joseph
ine V: Yost, lot on E fine of Twelfth avenue,
125 N of I street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
*.' PAI«VCE HOTEL
n Clementson A w. Bo*
Minn Dnrtshorn, It Isld
1-2 C Eppley, Stanford
K M ttrcedttii. i>:anfurd
R 11 Calkins, N Y
J 8 Stutt. Washington
F I Harrow, L Ang
W n Peck & w, N Y
M W Seymons. Conn
Dr F O Connell. Chgo
Miss K C Kellogg, Chg
Mlas It A Doane. Ill
Mrs J Reid. Kentucky
Miss T. Bassttt. Ky
Miss C Dudley. Ky
J L Arnsdon & w, Ky
Sunn K Thoram, Ky
Harriet Mills. Ky
Mrs Lil> Thornton. Ky
Mrs J B Harris, Ky
Miss Jennie Scaree. Ky
Miss A Scaree, Ky .
Mrs B T • Watts, Va'
Miss F Cheatwood, Va
Mrs T Richardson. N*Y
Miss- J M Richardson,
Illon. NY
A D. Richardson & w,
Illon? N-Y\.-
W H Wilson. Canada
A F Adams & w. N Y
O E H Mills. N Y
S S Dennis, N J «vi
Miss H Thomas, Bostn
O E Hart. Texas
n L Dretherton. N Y
W P Stewart, i dau,
N»w York | '
A K Dunn. Chicago '
J - It Washburn • A . w,
Wawona • . • ; .;•¦
E P Washburn, W«
wona
WllUtta S Hill, Wa
wona
C W McMurran A'w,
New York' ' ' ""•
H II Jaeobson ' N Y ' '
F D Levy, st Louis k
Mrs A M Bellamy, Mch
Mr* A L.Lamb, Colo'
J Kuitpn.* w, PhH»;
L L Hdg'villle. S Jo»«
C Sellgmann, N Y
J A Finn. NY ::
T B Rickey, Carson
II C LongKtatI & '. w,
Troy. K Y . ¦ ¦ .
H M Hills it w. Conn
E N Camp. Chicago- •
F W Walker A w.Chg
S Bollerby, London ,
G McCurran. NY .".'.
O P Doyle. M D..N Y
R Doyle. Chicago .
T Flint Jr & w. S Juaa
J D Carr, Salinas ¦: : ¦
F W Slsson. Arizona
W P Slsson & w, III
GRAND HOTEL.
H Vank & w, Sacto
G B Curtis. Carters
C Catzlausen. Milwke
L firefeld, Berlin
C K Ankerson
A A Jones, Dawson
C Cordlngley. I* Y
J Thompson. N Y
M B Palmer. -N Y
J Collins & w, Merced
J T Stoll & w. Sacto
H Mason. Bakersfleld
F McCallow.' Salinas
Mrs McCallow, . Salinas
S G Turner. Kansas C
E Waterman. Bakrsfld
G B Van Boden. Sacto
W . Robertson. Portlnd
Miss Sargent. Mans
Miss Whltcomb. Mass
R G Noland & w. Ky
L Whitefleld
T> P Putnam ft w, la
Mls» F Frank. N Y
F C Hafenderfer. Ky
M H Sheets. Ind
F N Westcott, N Y
Rev H Cowen, Seattle
W B Lewis, SeattU
H 8 Phillips. Seattle
F M Gallagher, Mont
Mrs Pates, Seattle
E K Welse, Athens
A H Lysle. Pa
J McKee, L Ang
Miss M McKee. Iowa,,
J J Morey. Watsonvllla
F H Newton^ Sonora . ,
E W Wttmer, Placrvl#,
W F George Sac to ..»
R Kimbroush, Sac to '.
S E Baldwin; Cat ¦
WE Thorn*,--Oal- - -
B C Wldri«r.:,Ky .'
T A .Wldrig.Ky
F Gansberger.& ir» Dt.
T. .Brown, Orland <;..,
WBurgess. .Chicago.-'. ,
W Reynolds. Chicago
H M Stevens. X Y
C Schreible. Cleveland
P E Platt. Sacto
F Hankey, Ilonohilu '.'.
H L Williams. Wash
J W Smith ft w, Btktn
J Melocke. Stockton . .
I Haas. Grans Vallqy
J Gerrish & w. Mich • '
S Guthrie & w, Cal - ¦
Mrs C F Ott. Cal
J D Carr. 8allnas*"' .
J B Hoyt. Cat
J Loeb. Williams : „ . ;
J Poundstone, Grlroea
W F Howell. Grimet
J B Reed, Chicago . i
J Moulton, Colusa -,
C W Ament.. Chicago .
H. Noble. Spokane ...:
E L Reynolds ftw.JM
' The twentieth party that was given" on
the night of September 26 by the Eschs
choltzias in, Mission Opera Hall was'an
other of those very enjoyable social func
tions ! for which this association has
gained a reputation . of which it justly
feels • proud. It was a strictly evening
dress j function and there were present
many handsome ladies in beautiful attire
and gallant 'young- gentlemen who -wore
the regulation dress suits. The grand
march, which started at 9 o'clock, was
exceedingly well managed, and after -that
there was a programme . of the modern
dances-, which was enjoyed in the fullest
by all. -:./>. .-:.- .'¦;¦ .
The Eschscholtzias.
' San and "vicinity— Cloudy, 'unset
tled weather Monday; probably showers; brisk
northwest wlpd.' • •¦••--' ." ¦ ¦ >'
I - ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. - ¦' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ., Forecast Of flclaJ, '
Raisin makers and fruit dryers were warned
on Sunday morning that showers were likely.
It Is advisable to keep fruit under cover for
the next twenty-four hours. . , , •
.' Forecast made at San Francisco' for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 30, 1901:
; Northern California— Showers Monday; brisk
westerly wind. : ¦ . .' . . , ¦ ? ¦
- Southern California— Showers Monday; brisk
southerly winds. • . . ¦•¦
. Nevada— Showers Monday;, high southerly,
changing to brisk northerly winds.
. A storm of moderate Intensity appeared sud
denly on Sunday morning oft the coast of Cali
fornia . and '. will probably move slowly over
Central California and 'Nevada. Showers have
occurred generally In the State and are likely
to occur on Monday. The pressure has fallen
nearly .4 of an Inch during the past twenty
four hours. near Eureka. . . :
FORECAST.
Temperature— 7 a. m., 58 degrees. ..
WEATHER . CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 80, 1901.
11
STATIONS.
B -
n
'I.
SS Sa a f
¦mill
f-
m
It
¦ V
Astoria 29.93 63 48 NK Clear ..'«>
Baker..... 29.88 54 .40 N Clear .04
Carson 29.60 68 40 S Pt.Cldy .00
JCureka 29.62 63 64 NW- Cloudy 1.24
Fresno .. BO
Flagstaff 29.96 68 28 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho...29.72-76 42 8 . Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.76 68 58 S Cloudy .01
Phoenix 29.60 96 ' .68 S Clear .00
Portland 29.84 66 48 NE Clear .00
Red Blult 29.60 68 58 SW Cloudy .26
Roseburg 29.72 62 54 SW Cloudy .04
Sacramento ..29.62 68 62 SW Pt.Cldy T
Salt I^ake .....i.29.70 78 43 SW Clear .00
SanFranelsco 29.88 60 5<- W Cloudy .00
San LuIb Oblspo...29.78 74 62 S Cloudy T
San Diego; 29.78 66 63 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.96 60 60 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.94-60 S6 NE "Clear .00
Neah Bay .29.98 54 44 E ,' Clear ..CO
Walla Walla, .29.86 66 44 W- . Clear .Ott
Wlnnemucba 29.56 72 30 N. Cloudy .00
Tuma ;..29.56.96 58 6 Clear .CO
STATIONS.
B -
n
'I.
SS Sa a f
¦mill
f-
m
It
¦ V
Astoria 29.93 63 48 NK Clear ..'«>
Baker..... 29.88 54 .40 N Clear .04
Carson 29.60 68 40 S Pt.Cldy .00
JCureka 29.62 63 64 NW- Cloudy 1.24
Fresno .. BO
Flagstaff 29.96 68 28 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho...29.72-76 42 8 . Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.76 68 58 S Cloudy .01
Phoenix 29.60 96 ' .68 S Clear .00
Portland 29.84 66 48 NE Clear .00
Red Blult 29.60 68 58 SW Cloudy .26
Roseburg 29.72 62 54 SW Cloudy .04
Sacramento ..29.62 68 62 SW Pt.Cldy T
Salt I^ake .....i.29.70 78 43 SW Clear .00
SanFranelsco 29.88 60 5<- W Cloudy .00
San LuIb Oblspo...29.78 74 62 S Cloudy T
San Diego; 29.78 66 63 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.96 60 60 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.94-60 S6 NE "Clear .00
Neah Bay .29.98 54 44 E ,' Clear ..CO
Walla Walla, .29.86 66 44 W- . Clear .Ott
Wlnnemucba 29.56 72 30 N. Cloudy .00
Tuma ;..29.56.96 58 6 Clear .CO
A BRANCH offlca for Call advertisements and
• nubscrlptlons.has been established at loafl
Valencia at. . >. ¦ • ' ¦'.. i
CLASSIFIED advnrtlsementa and subscriptions
• received at Call, branch office, 2200 lHllmore at.
WILLOW ave., .10, off .Larkln, near Kddy— I
, furnUhed rooma, complcu h.kpg; no children.
TUIlK, m (Solar nut»)-Klne new, Chicago
stylo; ! and 3 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished ;, elec, hot water.
TUB W1NK1ELD. 223A Leavcnworth-Krpnt
auttn with kitchen. •. ii*- •¦ . '
(SOUTH PARK, lSI-Ono or two tunny rooma;
¦ nlctly furnlihod for housekeeping,- .
B1XTH, RXJ-Newly furnlihed sunny front and
. bauk rooma In private family) IS par month.
hkvkntii, S2H. near Market— Sunny houia*
keeping rooms; front suite. "
L'OLK; ¦loos-i and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; r«far«nua.
OAK, 119— 2 < parlor; I . front basement ilngtt
roomi; all furnUhed; housekeenlng: cheap.
M.HHION, l.l:>-Hunny furnished .houtolieeplBg
roomi, comulete; no children, . - . v .' ,<
MINNA, S'S— Sunny furnUned front houseksep*
. Ing rooms and single, rooms, cheap.
GOUail,. 437-Llght furnished ' rooms, sunny;
. gnt, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
JONES,* 017— Pl'ettiunt, ' wtill ¦ furnished parlor
floor, S rooms, for rent for housekeeping. > '
ROOMS FOR IIOll.SKKWKPINO— Con
¦PW1NQ MACHINES AND SUrPtlBS.,
ALL kinds bought, sold«Tenttd, axofcanged;,' r«.
>pulrlng; lowest rates. Tel, Ulaok 1124, 20J -4th,
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; r«*
pairing; lowest rates; pnon« Mint 41. 141 etli.
• . MARRIED. * ;
BRENNAN-HBATH-In San Rafael, Septem-
ber 29. 1001, by the Rav. J. T.Egan, Elmor*
Brennan and Mary Heath, both oil Delvedert.
Ulrth. marriage and death . notices sent by
mull will not bo Inserted. They must ba handed
lt> at tlther of tht publication offices and bt
indorttd with tht name nml .residence of per-
son* authorised to have the sam* published. ;
BIRTHS— MARRU&ES—DEATHSL
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
cUan'and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
liOO.MS TO LIST— Furn. and llntnrn.
A-BRUNBWICK 11OUBK. 14« Sixth-Rooms^
2Co to $1 per night: $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping, rooms; open all nglht.
ARQYLG3, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached: country visitors find no place
like the, Argyle; take McAUIster-st. cars.
ARDKLL, IS Page— Large, furnished rooms, }4
and J5 month; sunny; housekeeping, $5 to |14.
AT Bhasta House, -'248 Third— 200 rooms; nowly
renovated ; 25o to 75c, $1 ' to $3 week. -
BAKER. 24— Sunny alcove room ; near . Park
-'Panhandle.. , • ' ¦ ' ¦". '
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. .
DOLORES, 934, near 23d— To ¦ let, furnished,
large front and back rooms; bath; gas; grate.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites '.and single: 'travelers accommodated.'
m.r- IIOUSKS A *» WAGOXS.
•urinu-ni of : U u> liorspu; a)m> livery «nJ
MW*lng; new boarders tollclteJ; brick »t«blt
y j 'tt tor 19 horses,
D w"/!J lal1 t0 * ttf »<- 'ho rpeclal auction talo
VWdrw-nUt,)-. Oct..!>er S. M ll a. m., at the.
¦J.lDOTUa, Ai'ctlonffr.
ONtt llaek toad tram, on» earring, te.m. on*
A IlAItOAlN In good rarrisg*. nadJle. business
and road homes. »aL7.1i:l, cot tf. a. av«.
UilCAl'—N-w panel body delivery. 1 laundry, I
t»krr ». I »ho>. \ rrocery wi ton, tn 11 a rrl «<>n .
JiUYiMTT ih» UOmSBTK HatWMa and Wagon
<-«¦; lie m-H» too t-hrap. M Eighth »U
1 V 11 *£?* Jiff 11 * BT)(J buggy; cheap. Audit**
hox Cg. Call office.
ALL kinds ut wagons* bugrlen. ctftt, harnr**.
etc., cheap. KUAN & EON. »17 Minion tt.
AN A No. I rxprets wagon, single: «l»o light
rsmplng «*¦¦ con for Hair, cheap. Mi Mlmtlon.
DIRECTING fubjeris wanted. 8. F. Vet.
Col.. UP Q, O. nve.. Dr. E. J. Cro»ly. dean.
LOST AND KOU.V1),
LOST— About 7:45 Sunday evening. coral
' breaMpln surrounded «-<th pearls. Kinder
1 lr«i.p i-ctum to 23 Ne%'wi» Clock and receive
it ward.
'lost— Saturday nlcht or Sunday a. m. from
, li20 I'nlon rt., yellow Scotch collie pup; 4
months old: -good reward given.
I/iST— J)lamrmrt ring. bet. Hush nn<l Putter, on
I Kcarny; fW reward. J. C. BTKUART. 14:
k Kearny* Bt.
* LOST— On AuRust 4. certificate of deposit for
) the turn of $huu on the Oakland Dank of Sav-
'ngr: of no value to any one except owner.
Kinder will leave same with JOHN M.
L i:v.\N'S, Hti Eddy Bt. ; j-eward $20; no questions
A OST— September 2 (Labor day), gold rimless
''yeglatsi b in eat*; reward. 1433 Stelner St.
F LOST— Quartz locked. *Aith picture Inside. Re-
| 'urn to 117 Davis Bt. : reward.
i IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 'J20 Butter «t.. needs old
1 cold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTHE85E3 AM) PILLOWS.
TO order, alr-n cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
. anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush <I1.
MEDICAL. _^
A— MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent special-
ist for diseases of women, has returned from
Europe; during her sojourn she visited the
moet celebrated hospitals, and returns ready
to introduce the moet modern and scientific
methods in vogue; her former phenomenal
success win eurely be eclipsed on this oc-
casion: a sanitarium for the reception of pa.
tients has been fully equipped and a staff of
trained nurses and surgeons retained; a cure
in all cases is fully guaranteed or no pay.
£06 Market et., opp. Fourth, rooms 7. S, 9.
. DR O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the epeclallst. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market «*.. opp. Fifth.
THE original MRS. DAVIES, who has been in
business here for ti years. Is still located at
IKS Market: maternity borne provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
I MRS. D. WTETH. reliable ladles' epeclallst;
I private home before and during confinement;
¦^ ymovrf from Post to <10 OTarrell Bt.
ft ct. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la.
I ...-*' pperlBllrt; a prlv. home before and dur-
ihg confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
PlUNPOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
f method cf treatment; maternity home; home
I In confinement 1126 Market St., 8. F.
F MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
L clallet. has returned from Europe; moat mod-
f era methods; 25 years* experience in S. F. ;
I guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
k nlty hospital; fee low. 908 Market «t.. opp. 4th.
I lirtS. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist, confinement,
i, removed from Market «. to «10 O'Farrell st.
\ MISCELLANEOUS— KOIl 8ALB.
1K)ILER8. engines. Sd-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSII A WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
l'Al:s. back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tuM<-». barrom chair*, linoleum, sew and
rrcond-hand; we always have a large stock of
ruioon outfits on hand; 23 complete outfits on
on* floor, ready made; we can ship overythlng
In 24 hours. 3. NOONAN. 1017. 101», 102L 102J
Mission ft. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A RARE chance — For »ale. a wholesale and re.
tall liquor business In the thriving city of
Fresno (population 16.000); last year's busi-
ness $50,000; established 18 years; must be sold
on account of death of senior member of firm;
this business Is good to net from fSOOO to
tWKX) a year above -all expenses; best location
and long lease. For particulars, fee CROWN
DISTILLERIES COMPANY. 100 Front St., S.
F.. or address PAUL R. RUBEN, Fresno. Cal.
.MISFIT parlors (upstair*), 23 Stockton, rents
I full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
I ers' black suits for $2 CO; misfit tailor-made
raits end Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
Etock of travelers' samples In trunks, valises
end full dress reasonable.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
tl50; eoty terms; children's toy graphophones,
$1 CO; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS. Bells or rents gear, machinery, en-
rines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear mU
3 ORIENTAL 2'i H.P. gasoline eng.. 1 marine
gasoline S H.P.. 1 stationary gasoline 10 H.P.;
good order; cheap. H. B. WHITE. 618 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS seennd-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
1-17 Stevenson st. near First. '¦
CAFH register < Kail wood;; brand new; S55;
reduction. Apply II. F. ALLEN, 202 Califor-
nia «t.
1501 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and others: 2d-hand bicycles; cheap; aend
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkln St.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. R 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Prlc« Hatters. 830 Kearny St.. near Pine.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FEREHTAND. 126 Kearny St.; room 28.
ONE horse-power Westlnghouse motor, good
. Sa new. S65. Standard Laundry. 114 Hares st.
SEVENTY-HORSE water tube, boiler; 80x16
Troy mangle. 175 Tenth st.
REGINA music box, almost new. cost $65: will
t take t2S. 23 Fifth et.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission et.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Jd-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post Bt,
GASOLINE engines, all sires, new & 2d-nan<I,
1 and launches. J. E. DOAK. 611 Mission st
6 A FES — New and second-hand. THE HKH-
MAIC SATE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st,
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery rt.
13AR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st-
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
, J. BURKE. 12? Beale fit.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st_
I FOR. sale— Horse & phaeton for family or doc-
jor. Coll morning at drug store. 1044 Valencia.
M 1 SCISL.L.AJVEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market et.
TILT ON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gnrxis. 154 9th et. ; tel. Folsom 2S22.
MUIVeY TO LO AX.
' AA— MANH ATTAN""LOAN COMPANt! "
1300.000 at « per cent In mimm to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & becurltles. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
I real et.tate and legacies. We will purchase
I' any ol above eecurltles. Tel. Ited 6024. MAN-
I HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
I ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. !
R. First, eecond and third mortgages ;
f Il'rdlvided interest In real estate In probate..
I Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
I Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
k R. McCOIXJAN
B 24. Montgomery at., room 8
¦LEHMAN ML'RPHY, 603 Examiner building—
tBi '.cui.ooa at 6% ur less In large sums; loans
mm n cecond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
Hfprc bicms of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
¦H'-rty Is mortgaged and you need more money
»*te HERMAN ML'RPHY. C03 Examiner bldg.
K*.NY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent, on
m mortgages, estatcd, undivided interests: chat-
R^el mcrtffagta. etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
fc-1 Adams building. 80« Kearny st.. room 314.
inELlABLK conwration, established 1365, proper
f place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
¦ tiianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
¦ • Grant eve., near Market st.; tel. Black 647L
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MISSION. 930V4— Laurel House; rooms to let;
no transient.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
, bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MCALLISTER, "12-N1<m sunny . , furnished
room; gas, bath; rent rcas. to perm, roomer.
MARTINET, 1101' Geary, one door above- Van
Ness — Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
LEAVENWORTH, 716— Sunny parlors; suitable
doctor's office; water, gas, phone.
LARKIN. 817H— Large sunny corner room,
nicely furnished; . investigate. „•,
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front; nicely fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; gas; $10. ¦ ' .
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly, first-class;
60o per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Markct-st. cable cars -to Turk st. '¦¦ '
GOLDEN GATE. ave. # 941-Small, sunny, fur-
nished room for lady.' Apply evenings.'.' ',
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 618— Large sunny room,
suitable for 2, $3 per month. ¦
GOLDEN GATE, 621— Sunny furnished rooms;
-.reasonable; phone. .. . ..-..', . ; -..'.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 218— Sunny front parlor
-suitable 2 gentlemen friends; bath; gas; mod-
erate. -..-'¦ ¦ ' ;*v -....¦..¦
GOLDEN , GATE ave., 126— Nice 1 furnished
rooms: gas. grate: also light housekeeping.
GEARY, 604— Sunny 'front furnished "rooms.
CAPP, 1050— Nice furnished room; private fam.
lly; no children. ' . • - v
CLAY,. 1523, near Hyde— Large sunny furnished
• room, with use of bath.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Maaon— Elegantly
1 furnished sunny rooms; pi ices' reasonable.
BUSH, 930— Very desirable sultsj also single;
. quiet and homelike. " . .
BURNETT, : 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, singles also unfurnished.
MOVRV TO LOAN— Continued/
ANY proposition, any amount; 0 per cent: first,
second moiik'UffK, estates In iirobate, Intt-rent
in cktetcv, U'suclcs, undivided Intercuts, -»<icu-
i'lili-c, nuinuiiu-uinnK. inercuntlld and tlrabet
Ir.tciMii*, cumoratloit loan*. It. >lt, first Hour,
Clii-onlila building. OTiortQli K. OLIJKN.
I11OIILY retpectnblc private -place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamumls, Jswulry at low* '
tut rates, ltaldwln Jewelry Htnrc, MO Market
>t.; u-l. Main 1C44, IH ThlrU st.
MUNICIPAL Loan ?Uflce, 103 arant ave., near
Ueary st.; phone ltrd 1W3. ¦
ON real estate, in or 2nd niortgngrs Si en furnl- -
tun- or i.i.iiio* without removal: any amount;
Iowcm ratrs. Hcckrr & Co., ;« Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people un nota with-
out tiidnrxi-i- <<r on iiinrlKeipis ut (I |>t-i' I'nnt p««r
annum. MORUKLL, <>09 Kxitmlner bulidliiK.
. — .^— — - ¦ I n — ... |.| .1 .l.l.ll.i- II ¦ IMI.I. . ¦ ¦
.LOWUPT rates on furniture, etc., l>y» private
party: no removal; no commlMlon; confUlen-
tlttl. Room X Con»crvtttory bldg., 801 Jones.
ON (iirnltiire, iiIhikic; no removal ;, money
quirk; lowtit Interest; esny«t«rms; no broker* '
KCr; rrllablf party. 1170 Market nt.. room 08. ¦
MONEY louncd vnlarlod people without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchant*' Rx,. 481 California.
3% on furtiliurt and planon; $15 up; no ivmovul;
no comml»i«Ion; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy, st.
ON furniture, |ilano«; lowest rate; no removal;
r-trlctly private. LICK. IM st. ¦
IK you want a home I will loan you money to
_buy_U. E- J^DE^a^Jp^San'omr^st;
TUB TOUPLKY Company; FoarnT'and dis*
counts. 311 Parrot t building. t
ON ralarii's or wagei*: no tndorser required. 8.
K. DISCOUNT AGKNCY. 148 I'helnn building.
LOANS money- on salary; no Indoriser: Kastern
plan. Wentern L««in Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL. INSTKU.MIC.vrS.
AL^Tanos^urcha^doriiU^ERMANT^L^^
CO. may be vxchunsed for a new Stelnway
uptlsht or baby ci id piano anytime within
2 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, tt per
mcntl;; some good planes sold for $3, $4 and
to per month. NHHHMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ftp., Ran Francisco; corner Uroadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland. ¦¦¦¦•.¦
A BAUMEISTER piano gives you more for the
money, than any other. They are first class
In everything except price. You can use one
& years and then exchange for a Decker if
you wish without losing a cent; We have
come choice bargains in second-hand and new
Instruments. THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— '
Second-hand upright' pianos from 155 up.
Becond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
i SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Ma-
son A Ha ml In; Vose. Sterling pianos. - - •
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
pricr; costs ¦ you only SOc a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell et.; established 1850. ,
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including "Hallet-Davis; i (treat bar-
gain list. $50 up; Stelnway, $185 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickering, $166; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st... IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
planoo in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
PIANOS— The most modern and up to date;
Steck, Everett. Conover. Packard, Ludwlg,
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St..
fi. F. ; (Branch 8tore. 951 Broadway, Oakland).
OUR special sale of high-grade pianos con-
tinued one week: Hacelton, Dewing Bros, and
Boothe. DEWING'S. Flood building.
WANTED— Hallet Davis square pianos; $100
premium above value. HEINE. 217 Geary.
$550 PIANO, nearly new, for $225: pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GENTLEMAN leaving town will sacrifice ele-
gant Urge upright piano. 408 Golden Gate av.
GOOD ner-ond-hana upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright, $126;
Btelnway. J1CS. 217 Geary »t., room 36.
SSO — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1129 Mission..
WANTED— Sohmer square piano. DYRON
MAUZY. 30«.q>2 Post ft. • • -.. ' .
ELEGANT nlano as good as new; standard
make; q - sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk »t.. near Market—
Bhonlnger, Schubert and. Stelnway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIEnCK'S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week-$400 piano for $273.
imi'ENN. 208 Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for- rent. S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.,' 660- Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S, news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
NURSES
MRS? C. A. "WALLIS, "nurse. "wi" Turk st;
phone East 794.
OFFICES AIVD STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, £5x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap*
ply COLLINS. 600 Mission st
TWO stores to let on southeast corner Turk
and Bcott sts. ; ono Is a furnished . barber
shop; rents $8 and $12.
DESKROOM In elegant, sunny office; very rea-
sonable; prlv.phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bldg.
$6 — A nice office; gas free. Room 29, Blythe
building. 14 Grant ave. . . ... ¦ . •-
oil:
IF you hare proven oil land I- will furnish
money for development; name your location
and conditions or make appointments Ad-
dress box 706. Call' office. '
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; - all
sizes: cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Mission St..
PA1KTKKS AND DKCOUATOKS.
ROOMS papered from S3 up; whitening- done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY. - .
H. JEROME FOSELLI, ' scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
PERSUjgA.LS. , . '
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
.St., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards. .
AN elegant lino of remnants for suits to or-
der, 115; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. ¦ L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth. ¦
AN assessment of 10c per. share has been levied
by the Stanley Aerial Navigation Co. (See
advertisement in Journal of Commerce Thurs-
day.) -a. - ., )
COSMETIC ARTIST-^If you ¦ want the hair. .
moles or marks on your face removed per-
manently, without pain or scar, call on MISS
ORUBER. 3598 18th Et.. corner' Guerrero.
ONE BOTTLE of -Pinus will cure any case of
-rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
t2&0 per bottle. For ¦ circulars, Pinus' Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia st. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
FACIAL massace; Hydro-Vacu treatment; nexr
method; electrolysis. Mrs. . Dunlap's .Hair
Parlors, 34 Kearny st. • • ¦ "¦ - "
A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.S.G.Moore, 832 O'Farrell; send for circular.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave. ...
ANY case rheumatism cured under guarantee.
Call on doctor, r. 604 Parrott, bldg., or write.
Dlxon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
druggists', hairdressers* . Free trial. 935 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON,- 1119 Sutter Bt.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VIDA CO. . 736 Valencia St. . bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French, Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. . ' '
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna.; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 60.
• Mlsflt "Clothing Parlor.'cor., Push and DupOnt.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market Bt. r|
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 MJct
PLAJVINO AIVD TDRKINO MIIiLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. ; Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 1$ Fremont st
SIXTH, 623— Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms in private family, $5 month up-.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellls-Incahdescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms,' per night, 35c to $1 &0; week, $2 to
' $8; month. $8 to $20; elevKtor on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.!
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
PINK, 9S0, near Taylor— A suit of sunny fur-
nished rooms; 1 modern improvements; reason-
' able. • v v • , .. • r . _
O'FARRKLL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec, lights; day, week, mo.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Oesry— Sunny furnished
bay-wrndow ; mante-l^*Tnable'tx>(i; l,-$»;s, $10;
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.
SUTTER, .32016 (The Stanford)-Sultcs from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week;'translent.
TAYLOR, 248, corner Ellis— Rooms furnished
or 3 unfurnished. ... . ,
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co. *
Cj Steamers leave ' Broadway
BL^ Wharf, fan Francisco: ¦
BflKJfhBi. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
lieir^Qk«». Oct. 3. 8. 13. 1*. 23. I*. Nov. J.
|3CMgj»SJ% Chunse to company" ¦ ittennVT* .
' fiEusWSt^i For Victoria. Vancotiv-r (B,
i / c ->. 1>ort Townsfn«l. Senttl^,
TuwmB. Everett unJ New.
Wbatcom <Wash.)— ll a.- m.,«
Oct. 3. 8. W. 18. 23. M. NflV^t..
1 -hang* «t Seattle for thl* com- 1
pany'« ettumern for Alaska and O. N. Uy.: at
feeattle orT.cotna for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver.
to c, P. Ry. ¦ . * •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:80 p. n\., Oct.;
4, 9. 14. 19, 24. 29. Nov. t. '
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Banta Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Redonrto <Los Aji-.,
gelfs)-8teamer Santa Rosa.- Sundays* 0 *- m. .
For Los Angeles, calling at Snn Simeon. Cay* ,
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlou,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hnenenm and Redon*
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, ¦ 11 a. m. - - •
. For Ennenada, Magdolena Caf, Ban Jose del '
Cabo.. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Banta Ros.iIU
and Ouaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company; s.
folders. ' • *¦ " • " ' ¦
The company reserves the right to chatiw
steamers, sailing, days and hours Of sailing
without previous notice. ... ,; i^"jrL
TICKET OPFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). I
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,' Oen; Agents, •
10 Market sP.. San Francisco,
AUCTION SALES
&* Anction Sale of Horses; fe>
10 head Inyo Co. llors«s. trotting bred. ' slMd v
by son* of "Gibraltar." S:M. drandnons of
"Nutwood, 11 1:19, and "a«n»r»l n*nton." AIL.
well broke, young, souml and good stxo. 8om*v
•xtra promising for r.m.l or track. Horn* all .
purposes. Consignment of it. \\\ u.-ott.
Halt takes plac* TUESDAY, Oct.'l, at It a.* m.'
J. M. NELSON'S BTADLK3. ALAMEDA.
Cor. 8t» CharUs Bt. and E»gl« Av.
ife AUCTION SALE
AHCADK IIOR8E3 MARKET. U7 Hl.XTit ST..
WKDNE8DAY, October I.' at 11 «. m,.
I will nil, by order of.J. W. Hpmtr. ft Now
HiiKKlp*.' 3 UuggtM. with bttll-benrinr nxltn. .
pncumatlo tires, wlr* wheels; 2 with solid run-
.ber tlrts; al»o 1 flecoml-hanil Surrey; also 30-'
Head of all purpoa* Horufn. 3 S.'t* nf Kufgy
Harness. ... . x ..„ JOllN J. DOYLE. •",
¦' ¦_ Livestock • Auctioneer. . .
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the
, residence of his brother-in-law, E. B. Burr,
: 3023 Twentv-flrst street. Interment private,
¦ Laurel Hill . Cemetery. .
STONE— September 27,' 1901, Mrs. Margaret A.
, Stone, wife of Charles E. Stone, a native of
Australia, aged 30 years.
WARREN— In this city. September 29. 1901.
Ruth, beloved child of Henry E. and May E.
Warren, a natu-e of Can Francisco, aged 2
months and 19 days. -^ ' '
E7The funeral will take place -to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his- late resl-
1 dence, 21214 Eleventh street, -thence to the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
'Market, where services will be held, com-
[ menctng at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. •
BIDES— In this city, September 28, • 1901. -Ben-
jamin F., husband of Emma F. Sides, -and
father of Edna E. Sides, a native of Ala-
. bnma, aged 69 years. • . • .¦ - ¦ ¦ .
SMITH— In this city, September M, 1901.
Charles Howard Smith, brother of David M.
Smith, Mrs. Sarah C. Oorham. Mrs. Carrie
L. Burr and the' late Mrs. Ella S. Reed, and
> uncle of Fred Reed, ' a native of - Chelsea,
Mass., ated 54 years ( months and 19 days.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. , .-.
STITT-In this city, September 28.' 1901. Frank.
. iieloved son of James P. ' and Emma Stltt.
and brother of Augustus and the late Walter
P. and Oertie Stitt. a native of Ban Fran-
•fclsco, aged 29 years and 10 months.- . . .
- (tlTFrloiulH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to*day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlor* of
. McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street.
ROTIICHILD-In this city, September 29, 1901.
Eugene Rothchlld. a. native of Munich,' Ba-
varia-, aged BS years 9 months and 11 days.
! Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment Holy
1 Cross Cemetery. ••',•¦•
Mc\UDLi:-ln this city. September M. W.
Nora, widow of tho late Thomas MoArdl*.
and mother of John and Joseph MoArale,
¦ Mrs. Jane Moort and tha Into Jaft McArdle,
u native of New York, aged 87 yea.ni.
i.' mr Nut lea of fundrul htroalter. Htmalns at
, the parlora of J, U. O'Connor & tfo.. lit Mis-
sion street. " ¦ -....
MOKFITT-Entered into rest In this city, 8«p*
I teiDber"29, loui. Thomas ti. MoffUt, a««d 73
y«nrs, (Uoston and Philadelphia papers pleas*
tt T Notlca of funeral hereafter. •
MANHKiKLU-in Oakland, Btptembcr !9, 1901,
Kathlten Mamttleld, beloved daughter of
James and Mary ' MansAald, sister of Ju>
saphlna and James Mansfleld and Mrs. Kd*
ward Moloney and Mrs. 'Hugh Moln«rney.
and niece of Patrick lllchard Mansnald and
i James Uanlcland John Blattery, a native of
1 Oakland, ag«d U years 4 months and 27 days.
MVKKS-Hpptr.ini.pr '.'V woi, Sallle M.. widow
of tho late Warren F. Myers, a native of.
i Ohio, aged 47 years. • . > • . ,
NKssticu-ln this city, Stptcmber SS. tool.
• ¦ Theudoro Nessler, beloved brother of Thomas,
; Edward and Louts Nessler. Mrs. John Kaut*
imum and Mrs. Joseph Ulerl, a native of
Canton Wallls, BchwUi, aged 31 yean 1
month and 21 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday).' at S o'clock, from the parlors of
,11. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Ut. An-
thony's Church, Twenty-sixth and Army
streets, where a requiem high mass will bu
held for the repose of his soul, commencing
. at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
lUHHY— In this city, September 17. 1901, Jam*s.
beloved husband of. Mary Hlbby, and brother
•of Mrs. Michael Murphy, a native of county
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 69 years. A member
of Excelsior Lodge No. 126, A. O. U. \V\, and
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Association of the
. Police Department.
A BRANCH offlco for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
TURK, 114V4— 2 sunny' rooms, rear; rent $2 25.
IIOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegrantly furnished; reasonable In- price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy at... near. Leavenworth. ,
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine" sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful, grounds.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board. -
HOTEL Repeller, .781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; .special rates to tourists. „..
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
California, 807 — Stevenson mansion; select. fam-
ily hotel; exceptional .table: attractive rooms.
WANTED— A few boarders; first-class refer-
ences given and positively required; every-
thing flrst class. Box 898, Call office, - ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
TWO unfurnished rooms; must be reasonable.
: Address 413 Powell st. • : : ;
WANTED— Unfurnished room, $3 or $4 month;
In small family. Box 633, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
BAD tenants < ejected for $4; collections made;
city or ' country. PACIFIC .COLLECTION
'• CO..' 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9*10; tel. 6580.
PILES-^-PETER FREILING'S. pile salve. $1
per-box: warranted to cure all cases of bleed---
•' ing. Itching, external, internal or protruding
' piles without fall, no matter of how long
j standing. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
| -Bultatlon free. American Dispensary/ 514 Pine.
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEONS..
DIV* cTcTo* DONNEI.L-Of fice and resld'snco".'
IQiUfc MnrkPt tit,, between Hlxth wnd 8ev«nth.
Dlt. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats nil dlieaiti of the human body: let
tr«tlinon_ln^li at ornce,'H5«117 Mason, nr. Kllln.
A--UH. WONa~Wo" l '"heru" doctor; sanitarium,
7ti4-*m Clny st.: see tostlmonlals at of Hew.
Dlt, NU TOY K8IB; 210 Stockton it., opiv
1 Union -.riur.ro: all dl»ca»»s cured by herbs.
IlKAL ISSTATI-— C1TV— FOll SAL'S.
¦i-j-r. L'-i- -j- --.-uvuuuj -r----x-r-n- l -'- l JL'jij jtx J-!rjij-i/in.nn.ir
ONLY $:>2 iier foot, very cheap aml'a torn*r
lot, all Ktrcet wurk dono and bliumlnlivd,
. i-iil-. I'loivi-iuid Klll.t-rt, ¦ lIGKSSilll-Kttoil lm»lin,»»
cur nor fur giuccry ur 4 iIuih, vheaurtt lul in
Western Addition; 240 tr.-t from Unlon*it.
cars; easy iirnm;- $100 first payment and In-
stallments to suit. \Y. J. UUNN, MO Call*
fornla Mt. ;
WANTKD— To nurchnsn flats or dwelllnes from
tUOOO to IS0OO to Invest In Mission or. Western
Addition. W. J.'OUNN.MO California st.
itKSlDl.NCl.- wanted to pUWhtle In the Writ-
ciii Addition, ' west of Van Ness ave. and
north.of California st. \V. J. GUNN. tiu
CiillfornJu. st. , ., . ; ¦
WANTKD— To purchase a property on Valen*
cla. Mission or Howard its. with a' frontage*
of about, 60 to 76 feet.,.W. J. GUNN, WO
California st. . • ,.'
112,500- COST OVRR $17,600.
No. 2721 raclfto live., near Scott st.
First floor— Large, reception- hall, drawing-
room, dining-room; finished in oak, butler s
pantry, break f ant-room ftnd. kitchen.. Second
floor— 4 large bedroom*. I baths, linen closet.
Attic— LnrRa 'bllllnrd-room, 3 bedrooms, and
bath. lin»i-inriit — Furnace-room, wlneroom,
laundry, 3 storerooms. Lot 27x127 :SV4 ft- g
A NEW, elegant colonial house of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall, basement, large, yard;
this In an unequaled opportunity- to secure-' a'
beautiful homo ut a .moderate -cost by on.sy
payments; must be seen to be approciatcd; on
Cole st., 2 blocks from Park; lot 23x125; no
agents. Box 823. Call office.
MUST BE SOLD. " ' - - ''
Kleganf corner residence; 7 rooms, bay-win?
down, bath and basement and all Improve-
ments at South.. Broderick and Fourteenth
Mi=. : cosf.JtfOO: will- be sold for. $3200. Apply
KASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market St.
SIX. seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between. 17th, ISth, Castro.
I and Noe sts. ; U- cash, balance monthly pay- '
ments; Castro or Guerrcro-s.t. cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder. •¦¦ : ¦¦
j SPLENDID bargain— Mrge douBle house and
cottage; house SS4-3S6 Snn Jose ave ' (corner
Twenty-sixth -.st); cottage 3608 Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 2S0. Call.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day;. large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOQRE. 63 Portola St. ' •
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence. • with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.'
REAL ESTATE— COUNTHY— For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— ICO acres- land,' near. Yuba
City, Sutter County-, - short- distance *from-
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold in -whole or in
part at a very low price; also .140 acres,' all
under cultivation * rich valley ' land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from'
Yuba* City. Sutter County; will be sold in'
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above-pieces
are situated in the heart of tho fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen 'to-be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers. will address box 49S0, Call office,
for information, a bargain will be given.'
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and Information. , .'¦ ,
¦ FOR bargains in timber land, fruit -ranches.
suburban lots, farms, all through the 'State;
also large -list of desirable city sites. ,Seo
Tho Pholps Lewis Co., 703 Market st. '
A— IF you want-to buy, sell -or exchange city
or country property call on MARION ORIK-
FIN. 719 Mrket st.'. fi. F.. office near Coll big.
WANTKD— A ranch In -Sonoma or Napa coun-
ty for Oakland property. Apply at 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland. P. C. LABSKN &CO.
U. 8. HOMKSTKAD land* free. Ad. with stamp
or call 6 to 7 p. m." at 1563 7th St.. Oakland.
ir^-IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near It. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICES farm bargalno; call or, send for 'llst.'l
Wooster, Will tton ft Mon tgomery, C34 Markot.
¦POULTRY and dairy ranch** fo* miln; write for
free, list. C. R: WINFIKLD. Petaluma. Cal.
IlKAL KSTATI3 TO KXCIIANGEi'. '
TO exchange your property or business go to
headquarters.
O. W. SCHWEINIIARD. :' ' '.
917 Market st. ¦• ¦ , San Francisco.
Bend stamp for exchange catalogue.
RUPTURK. SANITARIUM. .
mJN^ER r s"^UPfuRE SANITARIUM, 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as the new double lever rupture holder.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMBD.A HEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved A; unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; -K cash. Bank of .Ala.-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ ¦ • BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2500— 8-ROOM house; corner lot; 45x100; will
trade for'a ranch of equal .value. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. •
$150AACRB \oie; $10 cash, balance- $10 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO. .
$500— LOTS; % cash, balance 1. 2. and 3 years;
" grandest. view, in Berkeley: send for maps.
W. C. MORAN & CO., •
•Lorln Station, Schmidt Block, Berkeley..
$28— NICE furnished cottage 7 rooms, stable,
etc/r-"NW. cor. Prove and -Blake. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,:
OFiFlCE-^1118 BROADWAY. -
OAKLAND REAL E STATE.
$100 DOWN and monthly payments of -say $15,
• with interest, will buy a very : cozy Gothic
cottage of 7 rooms, newly painted and In
good condition' throughout.' and bath, -with'
hall, bay window, double parlors, brick foun-
dation, etc. etc., and lot 40x122 on sunny side
,of the street, with bam and loft, chicken-
j houses, well and. pump, city- water, fruit trees
and flower garden: situate. right close to Tele-
graph ave.; half a block. from electric cars;-
few- minutes' walk from local trains; in a de-
sirable residence locality and within 2 blocks
of church and- public school; for half cash
$1700 will take it. Calland see it or write us
| for location ¦' and a photo. - ',...-,:
- . OEO; W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive Agents for this. property, ¦
' , 1008. Broadway, Oakland.
$2600— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand-new
. home of 6 fine large sunny rooms, with porce-
lain bath and sink; elevated lot 40x150 (note
• the size) ; near Grove st. ; street work all
done; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
" ¦ GEO. W: 'AUSTIN &' CO.,
; . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR' salfr^-Corner lot;' 100x135; 6-roomed house;
I; large barn; beautiful garden. Thirty-fourth
. and Linden sts.. San Pablo ave. cars pass the
; door. See, owner on premises. ¦ ..¦•",,
HOUSES ' of every description and ' price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E." BARNARD.
I 1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
| OAKLAND FUHMSHEl) HOUSES. t
8-n00M ' furnished ' house near - narrow gauge
i depot. Apply 1258 Harrison -.et; Oakland. •
.' OAKLAND FURNITURE KOIl- SALE.' -
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS. FOR HOUSEKEEPING. . \
BIRCH ave.; '81S-8ulte unfurnished otfz rooms,
$7; water. Apply 642 Grove st r
BUCHANAN, ' 915— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath. . * . ;¦ •¦' • . ¦ .
BUENA VISTA ave., 4«. near Frederick" st,
, and Golden Gate Park— 4 or more furnished or
¦ unfurnished rooms for .housekeeping; private.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Three- large sunny, fl par-
able rooms; clean and convenient; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 34B, near Market— Sunny front suite
and Kitchen furnished for housekeeping; bath.'
ELLIS, 412—2 sunny newly furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping, ¦ with gas range
' and running water; $20." :-.."• . . . .
ELL.IS, 1164, near Gough-3 unfurnished rooms
. In new 'flat: gas and bath.' > -." '..;.¦;',¦¦.. '¦
FIFTH, . 348— Suite of rooms furnished, for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ' ,, > . . : ,>'¦¦¦'. '. •¦
FIFTH. 353r-Furnlsh*l housekeeping^ two, J12;'
three, $14; three,' $20; also single, $4, $h and up.
FOURTEENTH, - 132A— Front and- back parlor
furnished for housekeeping, 412, :'
. • ... ¦- . , . - -.¦* %>t~ .. .^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
• |T7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). • at 12 o'clock, ; from the residence
of the parents. 2455 . Mission . street, \ between
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j (Tuesday), at ilO- o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, .1046 McAllister street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, and thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy .street, near Scott, where
•a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing, at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, ' September 29. ri901. El-
¦ len-F.,' beloved wife of James Kelly, mother
, of the late John. . Julia, William' and Annie
Kelly, beloved Bister of Mrs. J. J. McGreevy,
Mrs. Kate Allen and Mrs. Mary Kavanaugh,
'grandmother' of Bertie Moore,- and aunt of
- Delia and Adelaide Grant, a native of Ire-
i land: : ¦:. ' '¦• . •' ¦ : ¦ -. ¦ :
LOWNEY— In this city. September 27, 1901.
Thomas F., dearly beloved husband of Mamie
Lowney, son of Timothy . J. Lowney, and
loving father of. May H., Florence.. George,
i Angellne, Thomas P., Ruth and Harold Low-
5 ney, a native of Fall River, Mass., axed 42
yeltrs and- 10 -months. - , . . . .....
" [DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Monday), at-R:30 o'clock, from his late real-
. dence.- 232A -Twelfth street., thence to St.
' Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
. at 9 . o'clock.' Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . ."' '¦.''...¦'"¦' ' ' ¦ * -
LYNCH— In this city, September 28. 1901. Brid-
get Lynch, wife of the late John Lynch, a
\ native of Ireland, aged 60 years. •
IDT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at -8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of. McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
Blon street, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
; for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
: terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ¦ v .-;...
LENNOX— In this city, September 29. 1901.
Andrew, 'dearly beloved . son of John and
' Mary Lennox, and brother of Mrs. John
Fritz and -Rose and John Lennox, a native of
- San Francisco, aged 27 years and 8 months.
¦ A -member of ..Local No. 224, Longshore
' Lumbermen's -Protective' Association. ¦• •
LLOYD— In ' this city, September 29.- 1901.
• Thomas Raymond, only and dearly beloved-
• ton of Thomas H. and Mary E. Lloyd, .and
. nepnew of John M., Cornelius. Margaret and
ThomaB Harrln»rton, a native of San Fran-
; dsco, aged 11 months and 23 days. (Sacra-
] mento' papers -please copy.) \ j .
" EJPFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), *t 10 o'clock, from the residence
- of his parents, 920 Valencia street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
GROWNEY-In this city, September 29, 1901.
Theodore Orowney, a native of Roxbury,
Mass.. aged 72 years. '.
HUHRNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
I will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
i 'of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres, Bush
street, below Stockton, to-morrow (Tuesday),
commencing at 8:30. o'clock. Friends and ac-
. quatntances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend. ' ;
KELLY-In thls-clty, September 28. 1901, Harry
E.. dearly, beloved husband of Violet Kelly,
. beloved son ' of Mary A. and the late Pat-
rick-Kelly, brother of "William. James, John,
1 Charles, George, Jennie, Annie and ¦ May
Kelly and Mrs. Golden, and son-in-law of
Mrs. J. Torrence, a nrtlve of San Francisco,
aged 26 years 6 months and 23 days.
(C3"The -funeral -services will take place to-
rlny (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the fam-
- lly residence, , 1627 Hayes street. Interment
prlvote.' ' " ' '"*
DEVINE— In', this "city, September 29. 190L
. Percy, beloved child of Mark A. and Emma'
Devlne, ' a native of San Francisco, meed 2
\ years 3 months and 21 days.
(CTFrlends and acquRlntnnees are rr»iwt-
fully Invited to .attend tho funeral to-day.
(Monday), at 8:45 -o'clock, from the parlors
of MaPadden, Mcttrcarty &• Green. 1171 Mis*
'slon street, thence to St. Dominic'* Church,
where a requiem high mass -will be celebrated
for tho repnne of his soul at 0:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Crmetcryt •'•
DAVIES-In this city, September 27. 1901, Aft*
. nt-H Gertrude, beloved wife of- Prank W.
Unvles, mother of Crelghton and Maud Da-
, vies, daushter of Margaret T. and the' late
Frederick W. Walker, and sister of Walter
O. and Fred R. Walker and Mrs. F. G.
• Bruker, a native of San Francisco.
WALTER II ANN A. Adjutant;
CONNOLLY-In this city, September 29. 190L
Harry, beloved son ' of Patrick Connolly, a
native oC Sun Francisco, aged 6 months and
10 days.
COPLKY-ln :thls city, September 29, 1001.
MClernan Copley, a native of Ireland,, aged
x 6!) ynars.
DORAN— In thls-clty, September 2S, 1901, Pa-
rlrk, beloved husband of the lato Catherine
Doran, and uncle of Patrick Doran, a native
••wf Dunlin,* Ireland, agfd 67 yearn. «***» *»'
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to, attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the residence 1
of his parents, .'401 Klghth street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn reauiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of Ms 'soul at lu o'clock. Interment Holy-
Cross Cemetery. " : • : ;
Rest, beloved and dear one, ' >
In the home of God sublime.
May light eternal bless thee
.And Joy be only thine.
COMPANY A, FIRST INFANTRY, N. G. C—
Notice: The officers and members of Com-
pany A. First Infantry. TJ. G. C, are hereby
> ordered to assemble at the armory, 25 Page
street, ¦ to-day (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock.
¦. sharp, 'to attend the funeral of our late com-;
rode... Gustave Asmussen. Fatigue uniform.
Comrades of the -late California- Volunteers
are respectfully requested to attend. '
GEORGE T. BALLINGER,
Captain Commanding Company. I
BAY CITY -PARLOR No. 104, N. '8. G. W.—
' Members arc requested to attend. the funeral
of our late '< brother, O. Asmussen, to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 401 Eighth street. By order of the
President. H. L. GUNZBURGKR. Seo.
CAMP Relnhold Richtep No. 127., S. .A. W. V.—
' Officers and members are requested to attend
the funeral of our late comrade, Gustave J.
Asmussen, from his late residence, 401 Eighth
- street,, corner of Harrison, at 9 o'clock sharp
. to-day (Monday.)- By order ¦ • ¦ . <
W. IS. WEH8BR, Commander.
ANDREWS— In Benlcla. September 28,' 1901,
.Sarah E.,wlfe of ; the late James Harvey
Andrews, and beloved mother- of Frank H.
and Lewis T. Andrews and Mrs. D. Roberts,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 72 years. ,
tE7Funeral' services will' bo held to-morrow
(Tuesday) .afternoon at the Congregational
Church, Benlcla. ! ¦ .. ¦ ¦ •«.-
ASMU&SEN— In this city, September 27, 1901,
Gustave J., beloved son of William A. and
Su»un Asmussen, and brother of William P.,'
Georce J. and Charles L. Asmussen, John
T. Kane, Mrs. P. Williamson and Mrs. II.
. M. Freck of Honolulu; a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years and 2 days. A member
of Bay City Parlor No.' 104, N. S. G. W.
DIED.
Andrews,. Sarah B. Lloyd, TRomas R. '
Asmussen,Gustave J. McArdle, Nora
Connolly, ¦ Harry -, Mof fltt. Thomas S.
Copley, Klernan Mansfield, Kathleen:
Doran, Patrick. Myers, Sallte M. I
Davles, Agnes G. Nessler, Theodore
Devlne. Percy Rlbby. James *
Growney, Theodore' Rothchlld, Eugene
Huerne, L. B. P. Ktltt, Frank
Kelly, •; Harry, E. • Sides, Benjamin F.
Kelly. ' Ellen F. Smith,' Charles H.
Lowney, Thomas F. Stone, Mrs. Margaret
Lynch. Bridget' ' Warren. 'Ruth
Lennox, Andrew
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
, ¦:-, DANIEL P. DONOVAN.. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
. * : , • - Telephone'- South 80. ¦- • . i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Eamuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'- Association;, M. J.
McBrearty. I with '.the ' same ' company f or . 10
years ; ¦ P. • P.' Greon, late with 'JVC. O'Connor
& Co.," have "opened "new Funeral Parlors at
1171 "Mission vstreet, ; between Seventh- and
Eighth. . Telephone South 44. ,;,,... C ¦".:. ' ¦ .'•
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
EAY AND MVEB "STEAMEBS.,
FOR U. S. NAYY.YARD AND; YALLEJU:.
Steamen GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO > • : -
I:4S a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Eunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves ValleJ.j .
T a. m.. 12:30 noon.. S p., m.. except Sunday. '
Eunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 60 cents.
Telephone Main 1503. . Landing and otflct. si** -
t MUsion-st. dock.- HATCH BROft.
AndClfl SUD AMERICANA. DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at ' Mexican. Central
and South American ports. - Sailing from How-
ard S. Pier 10. .12 m.
COLOMBIA ....Sept. 2SIAREQUIPA .....Oct. 1J
TUCAPEL ......Oct. 2ILIMARI .........Oct. 28
t These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American . passenger service.- (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, J18 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE * CO., Gen. Agents. .
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
PROPOSALS 'for Subsistence Supplies— Office
, Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal
September 17, 1901— Sealed proposals for fur-
¦ iiIbIiIiik nnd. delivering, of .such- quantities of
.subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
i or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran*
: Cisco; Cal., as per circular,, to ba seen at this
office, will r be , received i here until 11 o' clock
• a.-'m.,' Tuesday, October -1, 1901, ; and opened
' Immediately thereafter, i In : presence • of . bld-
: -ders. Specifications. ¦ general instructions to
.'bidders and blank > form of proposals will bo
1 furnished to established dealers , on - applica-
tion to W. ;h.- B.#LDWIN. Major and C. 8.,
*' V. ". 8.'. Army, Purchasing. Commissary.. '¦:¦¦. .
OFFICE 818 < MARKET 8TRBET.-
, ¦"J." HENDERSON," Manager.
San Mateo County.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery ,
I D.SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO., Binerai Agents. 327 Harbin
Sn'l Passenger Office, 643 Harkit St., Pier lo. 7. PactSe St
8. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
. land and Sydney.. Thursday. Oct. 3, 10 a, m.
p. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ,
; ......Saturday, Oct. 12. 3 p. m.
8. 8. 'AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
;........ Oct. 14, 10 a. in.
oceanic S.SX0. »sb
COXPASHIS . 6S5XSALX TBAHSATlUlfTIClTIl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PA.KI3.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <JWrtjfJfc
Saturday. 'at 10 a. m., from pier 42. o-^UMWa* '
North River, foot of Morton street; 'L'AtjuL
talne. September 19; La lire tat ne. September
ttl La Champagne. October 3; *La Savole, O«-'
tober 10. , ¦• - .
'. First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class -to Havre.- 145 and upward. GENKHAL
AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA S3 Broadway (Hudson building). - New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket, Agents. ..
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. • • • ¦ • '. •
Cabin. $106; Steerage. *40; MeaU Free. -. -^
5. 8. Argyll sails Monday, Oct. I*
6. S. Leelonaw soils Thursday* Oct. 24,
S.S. Arfiyll ' - sails Monday, -' Dec. 2-
From Howard-street Wharf ' at I p. ¦a. '. i:
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market St.,
F. F. CONNOR, Paciflo Coast Agent." "£>
PANAMA R,R, 5 S f;
TO NEW YORK- VIA- PANAMA DIRECT.
PROPOSALS— State -prison supplies and power
—Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the clerk at the- State prison, San
Quentln. until 10:30 a. m.. Saturday, the
.fifth day of October, 1901. at which time and
.place they 'will be opened in the presence
of bidders, for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oil,
and electric . power, • or. other power to run
the. Jute mill at San Quentln, from the 1st
day of January, -1902, to'*the- SOth 'day of
'June,- 1901. -inclusive. - Bach bidder must ac-
company his bid with a certified check in the
Bum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
known and responsible ! banking-house, ! pay-
able- to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder -will enter
. into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
i required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts will be paid In cash or Controller's
warrants. I Bidders will carefully follow the
'conditions of the. schedules, -and all bids must
be made upon the. schedules, .which will be
.' furnished upon application , to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentln,' CaL . The Board
.reserves the. right to reject any and all bids, 1
' as the. public • interest may require, and to
order any quantity under or over' the amount
specified in . tho schedule. . ' '¦
' ; \ • v ' R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J.'M,' OLIVER. Clerk. . .:, , .,
PROPOSALS.
AMERICAN LINE/ ? -
• nr Toaz. MDTHAKPToif. iondon. pim?/;"
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ¦ '.,
Prom New Tork Wednesdays, at' 10 a. ta.' .
St. Paul !..Oct. irtHaverford .......Oct. 1>:
St. Louis Oct. 16 St. Paul ,...Oct. JO,
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23|St. .Louis Nov. «,
-RED STAR' LINE.-*^ --V-/^
New York and Antwerp. ..•••'»'
From New York Wednesdays, : at 12 noon.'" ;^"
Southwark Oct. 9|*Zeeland -....'.....Oct. 3ft -
•Vaderland ......Oct. 16 Friesland ....I.. Nov.'- «
Kensington Oct. 23[Southwark Nov. tt
'Stop at Cherbourg eastbound. - «..-.-
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..- '. .^
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COB- *T.
ner First and Brannan streets, at l.p.l'nv-i
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling, at I;
Kobe (Hlogo). "Nagasaki and -Shanghai ".and. -
connecting at Hongkong with ; steamers, for,.
India, etc. No cargo received .on board ci\ f .
day of sailing. ¦" ¦ ¦ '" . .-
SS. AMERICA MARTJ. .'..^.. v. ; >
......;. .Wednesday. October 23.. mi- .
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ.;.:... r;*-"-v^V .
...,^-. ! ..-.;. -..Saturday. November 16, -ISOle
BS. NIPPON MARU .* ....ji*. ••••r
.. .; : Wednesday, December 11, 13ft! ;-¦
Round-trip tickets at red. uced rates* •¦ TF»T'"
freight and -passage apply at company's office,-'
421 Market street, corner First '-' ; '•' • '
• W. H. AVERT. General- . Agent. ¦ :
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
O.R.&N.OOM
Only t3t»m.mmi%lr* I»»n« *«» . '-TV
PORTLAND, Or., ;'J
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all ,
.points East Throufth ticket* to- all f
points, all rail omtesmsMn and rail, at ;,
XiOWXST X«-A.*X?3HXS9. "«•
STEAMER TICEST3 INCLUDE BSRTH and MEiL3. g
S3 "COLUMBIA Sails... *.. Oct. 5. 13.25. NdV r ' i*
8Sl OEO. W. ELDER .........;• • *•.*©•
..Sails Sent. SO. Oct. 10. 20. 30'
D.W.HITCHCOCK.OEN.Agt..! Montgm'y. 8. P. -
UMKINH Van A Btorage Co,, Hi Mission St.:
tel. ' Main lRin; shipping nt cut'rates.' '
PACIFIC Btornge and Furniture Moving Com*
limy, {320 Klllmore st.t phone Jaokson tSl,
aOLDUN WEST Storage Warehousn,- 140 Mis*
• inn it.: tel. Uoward'841. r. W. ZICHPUB3.
._. ¦TOKAOMTAWp WAnmHOIJSniK_
PIKnC^RoBoTpTTltoTagTTnd^S^v^
office Post and I'owell st«.; tel.. Main .6711.
WKU8TKU Typewriter Inspection Co.-Expert
__ typewriter doctors; estimate free. 803 Bansome.
TYPEWRITERS, Sd-haml. all makes, at low
llgures. L. ft M. ALUXANDKIt. 110 Montg'y.
T
TYl'BWlirrKltS AND MUPl'LIUS. i
ClTlKAT HARO A 1N8 IN .TYPlBWnTTK < n8--We
Mil better machines 'for l«is money* than any
i liouse In the city; rifhtals, $3. The Typcwrltrr
ICxchange, A36 California; telephone Main S66..THE REV. COOMBE SPEAKS
V UPON ETEENAL JUSTICE
Cays It Is the Greatest . Attributs;
Known to Hen and That Its
Vindication Is Certain..
The Rev. Philip Coombe preached at the
Richmond Congregational. Church last
evening on the subject, "The Vindication
of Eternal Justice." He said in substance:
The Question which we have asked ourselves
&g-aln and again is why did God allow such a
noble man as William McKlnley to be mur
dered eo cruelly and treacherously? We must
believe that be could have prevented the trai
tor from carrying out his purpose, that he
could have Inspired pood men .to foresee the
action of the free criminal and to forefend his
crime. Men in our city were influenced to
prophesy the wicked deed. Why were not men
in Buffalo led to suspect the covered hand and
to keep back the hidden bullets. The only
answer to this question that satisfies my mind
Is that he allowed the criminal to carry out
his purpose against McKlnley for the same rea
son that he permitted Judas to band over Jesus
to his crudners. namely, that men might be
filled with a demand for Justice, inspired to
manifest justice and that eternal justice might
b« vindicated.
I need not tell yon that jus tire Is none too
prevalent In the world to-day, that it is often
times travestied in our courts and buried be
neatb legal technicalities ; that it ia ignored in
theology, eet aside in politics and sometimes
forgotten by the press. But it is comforting In
our present sorrow to remember numerous his
torical Illustration* in which Justice has been
exalted In human thought through (tome great
tragedy like thst which is universally lamented
» ana regretted to-<Jsy.
Justice Is th« greatest attribute known to
men. It U th* foundation upon which rests
Ood'a throne in the universe. The court of
heaven Is the court of juitlee, the attribute
<rtth which tha sinner has to deal in seeking
salvation-
If the tarrtfirt «f eur beleved and honored
ettfeen has filled us with a demand for Justice
• nd * dectre to manifest It; If the sentence ef
Ms murderer Is «. vmtirat inn af eternal justice,
let us thank Ood, even though we do so with
tear'Stained faces and hreslcln* hearts,
On the ground af the eo. railed May
law*, jewlfth Phyeiflana and mldwives.
hive bten ffirhlfin'en to r§Pl1« In tha ooyn.
try ef th* Kiev dlmriet.
Mrs. Bush, the landlady of the house,"
says that she saw Growney Saturday af
ternoon. He was then in his usual jovial
epirits. The only complaint he had ever
made was that his heart was troubling
him. His son William also saw him Sat
urday morning and he seemed to be all
« right then.
•Growney was the complaining witness
In a case last week against Kittle Ma
loney, charged with grand larceny. He
iccused her of stealing $140 from him
while he was In a room in a lodginghouse
at Eighth and Folsonv- streets Tuesday
evening. He alleged that the woman and
her brother, who has not yet been ar
rested, came Into the room, blew out the
fas and took the money from him. The
woman was arrested, and the case I is
pending in Judge Cabaniss' court.
¦ Growney came into prominence during
th« sand-lot agitation more than twenty
years ago, and was one of Denis Kear
ney's lieutenants. He was arrested along
"with Kearney and kept in Jail for six or
seven weeks at that time.
The old man had been suffering for
several years from heart disease and it
Is supposed that death resulted from that
cause. A tumbler was found on a ta
ble -at his bedside, however, with some
liquid In It that smelled strongly of pep
permint. This liquid will be analyzed to
se« if It contained poison. /It was said
that Growney was very fond of pepper
mint, and some peppermint lozenges -were
found in his room by the Deputy Coroner.
Dr.' Bacigalupl will make an autopsy, and
if it is found that death was' not aue to
natural causes the stomach will • be sent
to Ch«ni6t Green to be analyzed. •?.
¦¦^Theodore Growney, an engineer 72 years
of age, was found dead in bed In his room
at 14S Eleventh street yesterday morning
shortly after 11 o'clock. The Mor%ue offi
cials were notified and Deputy Coroner
Brown took charge of the body.
Politicians refer to a recent interview in
which Wells indorsed the
Phelan administration. This utterance
ascribed to Wells is the topic of comment:
"And no one except he be wilfully blind
will deny that the charter has given us
a government of which every citizen
should feel proud."
If tWs Is so every assault on the Phelan
administration Is out of place and the
plank in the Republican platform assail
•lng the Board of Public Works is libel.
\ The question Is asked: "How could Re
publican- orators arraign the Phelan ad
ministration in the face of this utterance
of the Republican nominee for Mayor?" *
It may not be too late for revision of
the platform to harmonize with the senti
ments of Auditor Wells. It is eaid that a
new plank will be added to the platform
to-night In the shape of a resolution in
dorsing the administration of Governor
Gage. The resolutions submitted by the
committee and adopted by the convention
last Thursday night did not even hint of
the existence of a Governor, or acknowl
edge that any such thing was known to
politics and a State administration.
Whatever may be the gossip touching
the relations of The Call and Governor
Gage, it cannot be said that this journal
has given him the far away, cold over
look. He is not the brightest or sunniest
chief executive the State has ever had
but he is the only one we have now, and
as he was nominated by a Republican
State convention and elected by Republi
cans, he is entitled to • the courtesy of
mention by the Republican local conven
tion. Doubtless Dr Lawlor has friends
among the delegates, and they might con
gratulate the executive on the removal of
Dr. Osborne from the Homt of the Feeble
Minded to give Lawlor an inning.
There were no indications last night
that Burns and Herrin had changed the
programme for Wells' nomination. Be
fore a ballot is taken Mr. Wells will be
called to the platform to pledge himself
to support the nominees, and declare his
allegiance to the principles of the party.
It is understood that he will be courteous
ly requested to state the time and place
of his meeting with Colonel Burns and
W. F. Herrin, and tell the delegates what
took place.' It goes without saying that
the request will be courteously presented,
for Chairman Rlordan would not permit
the venerable aspirant for the honors of
Mayor to be rudely addressed. Many of
the delegates hold, however, that in all
fairness, they are entitled to know all
about the interview, if the topic discussed
related to the aspirant's nomination for
Mayor by the Republican convention.
In the Republican camp last night there
were many remarks of this nature: "If
the Democrats nominate Harry Creswell
or Franklin K- Lane. Wells will be de
feated."
There is an apprehension that the Au
ditor has not the strength, the stamina
nor vigor that conditions require. All the
citizens are saying that the Republicans
ought to put up a strong man for Mayor.
Politicians who claim to be in posses
sion of inside points make this forecast
of the ticket:
Mayor, Aea R. Well«; Auditor, Harry Baehr;
Treneurer, W, Z. Tiffany: County Clerk, Bert
Wahoney; Tax Collector, Ben Salomon; Public
Administrator, John Faraham; District Attor*
ney, A. O, Fiek; City and County Attorney,
K. w, Uejcher; Sheriff, John I^ackmann; Cor»
oner, Pr ( keffler,
Jt seems to be settled that Charles A,
Low will be one of the Police Judges,
Should the manipulators change their
minds tQ'day concerning the advisability
of nominating Mr, Wells for Ma/or, a, ro.
vlPlon of the programme would follow, Jt
wos rumored late last night that the «n.
timi of tha, eonferenea at tha Palace
Hotel fn the Indorsement of Wells was
not final,
The BemeeraJlo local ponvenlion will
meet at Qdfl KallflWi' Hall thin evening,
Republicans of (tie rank and file are not
enthusiastic over the news j that Asa • R.
Wells is slated as the candidate (or Mayor
on the party ticket.. There was a good
deal of talk last night to the effect that
the school teachers would turn out and
vigorously oppose his election.
Poison May Have Killed Man
Once Prominent as a
Sand-Lotter.
Will Be Presented to
Delegates.
... ... i ¦, ¦
Resolution to Indorse Gage
Republicans Not Happy
Over the Slating
of Wells.
Chief Witness in Lar
ceny Case Di«s in
His Room.
DEATH SUDDENLY
TAKES GR0WNEY
CONVENTIONS
MEET TO -NIGHT
Comrades of League of Gross Cadets Render Honors at Funeral of
Young Commander and Express Their Grief*
LATE COLONEL POWER IS BURIED
WHILE "TAPS" SOUND OVER GRAVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL,* MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1901.
Roanoke : Rye," Honey and"" Horehound.
Get It You'll, not .regret? It;-; •
The last days of sale for, low rate Excursion
Tickets to the ; Pan- American Exposition at
Buffalo', will be ; October, 3 '¦ and \ 4. "*. Only $87 i for
the r round ¦, trip. • The " 4 California Limited j leaves
at 9 aJ m.,' October 3. Secure your reservations
early at the office of the Santa Fe, 6tt Market
•treet.'-. ? " : '" r ¦ ¦%-_¦• ;¦ ; • : ; ' -:}'.-. :'¦"'¦: ¦_:- ¦-
A Reminder.
PETAX.UMA; " ' Sept. f 29.— The ' *" State
Grange will convene In Petaluma to-mor
row .- for ¦ six ' days of business and • pleas
ure. Four hundred grangers will be guests
of the city. : •¦'.,. - ' v. :
Meeting:' of State Grange.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay. •
' ' WASHINGTON, Sept 29.— J. A. Leger.
Minister from Hayti to the United States,
to-day expressed surprise at the reported
arrest of ..prominent; .Haitians in Jeremie
on .the charge of conspiracy,; and. of. a se
rious : condition of affairs in the interior
of- the island. He said that according, to
news just received by : him ' the country
,was perfectly, auiet.
Surprised at Arrest of Haitians.
BEKLIN, Sept. : 29.— Count 'von Walder
see. who is ailing, is worse. . He "suffers
from a painful sore on the leg and has no
appetite. ¦¦. He Is ; still near Neckarsulm,
"Wurtemberg, on the estate of • his ¦. sister-.
ln-law. -. .. /; ' -. ; ...:':'¦' "«',: '.: ¦-:/ i "',,''' ".'';
Von Waldersee Seriously 111.
Pastor ; of rrench. ; Church Is Quest _ of
Honor at Rec«ption> Tendered^ ?
. ¦ by His Flock. ..:
Members of the French- colony, particu
larly those connected J with. the Church'of
Notre Dame des Victoires, tendered a 1 ! re-;
caption i Saturday: night .to the ; Rev : Pere
Hamet, S. M..who has just returned from
a visit to France. • Golden Gate Hall, was
the scene of the. reception and was crowd
ed tr. the doors> Father Hamet. was. re-,
ceivedwith applause when he entered the
Ifl'Lacoste was the chairman land- ex
tended the welcome on behalf of the con
gregation. , After ' a \ song by V H. Carle
Mile. A. Benoit read an address on behalf
of the Young Ladles'. Sodality. BmilPe
nez also sang, and A. J. Brpuchoud spoke
in behalf of the Young Men^ Sodality.
A Vorbe, editor of Le Franco-CaUfornien.
delivered the speech of welcome in behalf
of the French residents,, to 'which. Father
Hamet replied, expressing his gratifica
tion at being, among his : congregation
once more. .' ¦ *v- •' ¦ •¦.
Music by a string orchestra was ren
dered and light refreshments were served'
by the ladies of the church. • ,
I President, "' S. W. Levy; vice president, S.;W.
Rosenstock; '.treasurer, l«wis Gerstle;' honorary
secretary, L<eo Eloesser ; secretary, ¦ Meyer • H.
l«vy; superintendent and matron of orphanage,
Mr.* and Mrs. Henry Mauser;' matron of the
home for aged, Mrs. Johanna Levyj collector,
David Michael. ' ' - . .
f During the last year tue receipts of the
society amounted to $38,672 20, while the
disbursements, for the asylum were $34,
402 70 and -.for the old people 511,419 73.
The membership of the society in the last
year was increased by 403, new members,
which makes the present membership
1884. . ¦ : " - .'¦ , ..
The , following ' are . the officers of v.the
society: - ,< .:
I' .! The •• regular : - annual imeetlng. of the
officers, of the Pacific Hebrew Orphan
Asylum and Home Society was held yes
terday ¦ afternoon in the assembly hall of
tae '.asylum at- the corner of Devisadero
.and' Hayes j streets. The officers' - reports
showed that the asylum . and • the home
are enjoying, prosperity and that at the
present time the asylum is sheltering 179
'children ¦¦ and that . the ¦] home ; contains
thirtyrflve inmates. V - s - •
Institution. Meet in Annual
. Session. \
Officers ' and XLembers of Benevolent
The entire regiment turned out, being
accompanied by its band. and its drum
corps. The brief services at the house
were conducted by Father Phlllp-O'Ryan,
chaplain of the regiment. The funeral
cortege waa an imposing one ahd at«
tracted much attention along the route
to the- cathedral. Ahead marched the
band, playing Chopin's funeral inarch;
then came the firing squad of Company
G of i the cadets, with arms reversed,
acting as special escort to the remains.
Carriages with the relatives of the de
ceased followed the hearse, which was
drawn by four horses draped with white
netting. ~ The casket was covered with a
silk American flag, the honorary pall
bearers 'marching on each ¦ side of } the
hearse. The pall bearers ..were : Major J.
E. Pow^r, Major J. P. Duffy. Captain P.
J. Heggerty and Captain I. D. Dwyer of
the League of the Cross Cadets and
Thomas H. Fallon, ¦ Philip J. Lawler,
Thomas J. Spillane and Edward J. Con
voy of : Ignatian Council, Young Men's
Institute. Six sergeants of • the cadet
regiment acted as -body bearers. .¦• -.
Large crowds of men, women and-chil
dren were gathered on Van Ness; avenue
- . _ . . . _ i . . .....'. ¦•**'••
PARISHIONERS WKLOOMCE *
FAfTEiEIt HAMET OZTJ BETTJB-N
T If B< funeral ef thV'tete Oolanel
K'hvnni ir Power of the LeAgue
6f,th§ Chips Cadets toek place
ypM pi liny afternoon. ¦ I
Shortly after the noon hour the
mniniiprfl cr the 'late colonel'ft regiment
assembled at tils rertlderiCgi 1721 Jottes
street, from which • point the cadet*
escorted the body to Rl. Mary's Cathedral
and then to Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEBREW QRHAN" ABTI/TJM:
HT FINE CONDITION
This Is a -day of Intense grief and sorrow to
all of us. The angel 'of death has removed
from us one who was beloved by all. He rep
resented all that Is grand in Christian virtues.
He was an ideal Christian. I shall not try to
eulogize his memory ' or -pay a tribute to his
virtues at this time. 'for our grief Is too sacred..
On some other occasion, ' when our grief is less
Intense, when we : shall view his perfect young
life, then we can pay'fuil Justice to him whose
remains He before us. When we consider his
life and all that be did, when we think of what
he misht have accomplished, it is difficult to
understand the ways of God. But there are
two ways of Judging of life and. death.' When
a man wins public favor and -passes away in
old ace. the world thinks his, life was a suc
cess, and that he has not-lived'ln vain.- But
when a man passes away, in. the hour of prom-
The Very Reverend 3, J. l J rendergfl8t (
vlcat" BRtieral, ¦ received the. body of Colo*
nel Power at the doors of the cathedral.
The entlreifloor.of the sacred etliflce was
reserved for the' cadets, and they. took
their Beats after ,the casket had ' been
carried up. the alsteand deposited in front
of the altar. ¦' * , ; ¦
Father- Prendergasf ''conducted the
Bolemn burial Bervlce, being assisted by
,the full choir. Archbishop Rlordan was
prevented by 'illness • from being -present
and the . funeral ¦ sermon was eloquently
preached by Father. Philip O'Ryan. u In
part Father O'.Ryan said:
Preaches Eloquent Barmon.
and ' watched' the funeral procession,
wjiila tha servleeief a ,bedy ef police
orneere were Fequlrfd to maintain order
III frolil Of the Cnthfiiiril, owIiir ti. flin
inrRf miiiilir-iB of pRiRiMia who cungre*
gated there. , , .
i", the woii.1 f«in ihlnki that hit tiff wa« a
frti tife, «rh«M ii n Maiier f mkt<\ ef life=it
in the standard ef FnHh, it lifs Is full *M {«*•
fetU from dnii's MniMiiiniMi, hi>mi that Tits is a
success.
His Was a Spotless Life.
A ppntipoB Ufa |r more than yeahi, were than
Hches, more tlmh th« atiprediatloti 6t th» world,
The itreat thlnit for a man to do Is to lead *
pure life and to gerve Ood. Our l<>nii»r lived
nuch a life, and If the words of Holy Writ can
be applied to mortal man, they Burely can In to
him whose remains lie before us noWi Me was
beloved by all and was a dutiful son. -Me never
committed an act to arouse anger In his par*
pnts or friends, He tried In all ways to lead
the Ideal Christian life. He raised the stand
ard for others that they , might walk in the
paths of temperance and purity. HI* life was
short, but It was a perfect . one. Qod called
him, but hla memory will be cherished In fu
ture. .years. We must be reconciled , to God's
will, for he has called him for hlsfown. Let
,us pray for our. departed captain And leader,
not alone to-day but In ;tlme to come. Think
of the example he set and faithfully follow In
his footsteps. If his .greatest wish could be
granted to-day It would be for all present to
lead 'true Christian lives, so that when, death
comes, as come it must., It will find you all as
'prepared for ..the call as he- was when he an
swered the summons of his Master.
1 At the close of j the sermon the rela
tives of the deceased, consisting of the
parents, two brothers and two sisters of
Colonel Power, were conducted to waiting
carriages, j The casket was tenderly car
ried to the hearse and the funeral cortege
was re-formed. | The procession slowly
wended Its way to the depot at Four
teenth and Valencia streets, headed by
the band, playing a funeral march. A
special train conveyed the funeral party
to Holy Cross Cemetery, where the inter
ment took . place. Father O*Ryan ¦ con
duoted the service at ¦- the ¦ graveside and
the casket was lowered to its. final resting
place, while volleys were fired over | the
grave and - the buglers of the regiment
sounded the beautiful call of "taps. 7
. Hundreds of the friends of the deceased
went to the cemetery to take part in the
last rites. . . ;
VERY I\BV; J, J,' PIVBNDBIiaAIT, V^<3AIV OBNBRA^ AReilDIOORgB OP SAN FRANCISCO, RBABIN& TUB
SURIAl- '8BRVje» IN gT, MARY'S eATJ^gDRAl* ©VBR TUB RBMAINS ©P TUB tiATB 6©k©NBL BBWAR©
J, P0WI9H, OP TIII9 I^AQUB OP.TIIBOnOggGADBTB/miOIMigNT, , ! ¦ • ' '^ \
12
WB ARB NOW PREPARED TO SHOW
AN BLBGANT COLLECTION OF. • • •
New Black and Colored Dress Goods, Novelty
Silks, Colored and Black Broadcloths and
Venetians, fiolf Skirtings and Velvet Corduroys.
CLOTH DEFT. £
In this department we are wShowinu full lines
of Amazon Cloths, Venetians, Ladies 1 Cloths,
Coyert Cloths, Beavers, Golf Skirtings and
Velvet Cordurous. These are In all the new
Fall colorings, also.Blacks. special— 55
Dieces Genuine Amazon Cloth, 50 inches
wide, all shades-...- ...61.00 Yard
DRESS GOODS DEFT.
This week we will show a beautiful assort-
ment of New Satin Venetians, Satin Pru-
nellas, Satin Melrose, Satin Regina, in latest
Fall shades, particularlu Modes, Browns
and Blues, special— 25 pieces 43-inch
All-wool Crece de Chine, in light, medium
and pastel shades $1.00 Yard
SILK DEFT.
New Black and White Striped Taffetas,
Persian Taffetas, White and Black Polka
'Dot Foulards, Warp Print Satin Striped
Taffeta and Corded Louisine Striped Taffeta.
special— 25 pieces New Silk Momle
Crepe/ 20 inches wide, all the leading
shades- $1.00 Yard
BLACK GOODS.
New Black French Etamines, Silk and Wool
Poplins, Samite Cloth, Pebble Cheviots,
Camel's-Hair Chevron, Silk and Wool Crepe
de Paris and Silk Finished Batiste, spe-
cial— 30 pieces 48-inch Black Granite
Cloth. $1.00 Yard
¦
111, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
New York cider
pints 12 35 doz xzsa $\ 80
I quirts I), 35 doz «
French, Cognac
I star— rillabli— .« , 4A
reg'iy It jo bottU r l ao
Moselle wine
German hock plntj^j doi $2 y\
typcdllfornU quartJ 5 M 4
dry white wine callon 150 '-fl.^f
Port wine t f jM
California extra— reg'ly (5oc bottl« 4?; W x
II 50 gallon li^'
New goods
Almonds -Smyrna figs — German ',
shrimps— Boker's bitters— stuffed prun«s
Sparklets
Consists of a special bottle used with cap-
sules filled with pure corbonlc acid eav :
They will charge with the gas that makes
all sparkling drinks lively— any beveraze '
you like best, such as water, milk, cold
tea, wine, cider, etc., In Just a minute, {.,
Big catalogue free—send your addrtu*
) 43a Pine *j» Sutter 3800 California San Frsnclac* '
Thirteenth and CUy streets Oak!a«4
ADVKHTIHKMKNTB,
OPTICIANS^&PH^^.
642 MARKET 'ST. Instruments
. * w»w« cHRowcu evn.oiN&. Catalogue fR£t.
I 1 A 1 #% Rifles. Ammunition. Fish- -¦
1*1 IH It 1 ! 15 * Ta< *le. SporUnff. Ou«*
11 II W N^-^PVicet^nl^If
739 Market. 611 Keay^V
. . \A/. X. -HES^IIf^li
K0TABT PTOLI0 AITO ATT0a»BT-AT-LAW.\ <''M
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SprecksU" Bl%,' M
Residence. »21 Calirornl* st.. below Pow«lV "]#
. . , !S/h ¦ "Jfl
AT NO EXTRA CHARGE.
OCULISTS' PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED.
FACTOR* ON PREMISES
QUICK REPAiniNQ. .! „
PHONE. J MAIN 10.
Boston- System
..Eye=Qlasses
jagfr. VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY tor MLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
»jj Hfi have been In use over JXlty
H8i\i*'flfflrL years by the leaders ¦ of tho
-ifiSa Mormon Church a-nd their
Esh^FS^PSH followers. Positively cure th*
{mw^^B worst cases in old and young
KC^LiVl^V «nslns from effects of self-
WBtSjt)i£*?f abuse, dissipation, excesses or
«JB»]fcJHf cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
WWEflg3y:'- Manhood, Impotency, Lout
w<W r ~V- " power. . Nirht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back.. Evil Desires, • Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache' Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, . _r varlcocele or Con-
sUpaUon. Stop Ner *5 C'J I ou " Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects arei^^^immedUte, Im-
part vigor and pote CE " * a ncy . to every funo-
tlon. Don't set despondent; a cure ia at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain' and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 BO by mall. ' A written guarantee \ to cure or
money refunded with < boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOF REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis »t.!"
Ean Francisco, CaL" GRANT 'DRUG CO. SS
and a Third st.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea
"B«" Ceylan-Mtindarln nectar- coe
basket fircdjapan-res'ly 6ot Ib J
Go.ffe e
Pasha blend— pure— fresh „ tt,- »#-
roasted— reg'ly 33c Ib 2 IDS 55c
Cpco a n u t
Schepp's— fresh stock— n iv! Q . - e
reg'ly 30c Ib a lbs 45 C
S a r d i n e s
Ispa reg'ly i2^c IOC
Jockey Club % s— reg'ly 20c can 1 7^C
B u t»t c r
Creamery— cut full weight n ju- . r .
reg'lyasclb , 2 IDS 45c
Ft u its
Alcalde— all kinds but , f or eoc
cherries-reg'ly 20C-2K Ib can •* o w *-
M a pi e /syr up
'Haz»n— pure— from Vermont^ . 60C
- reg'ly 65c-Kgall°n can . ;• ;
V i n e g a r
Imported— Estragon flavor— no .. 20c
. mineral acids— reg'ly 25c bottle
B r e a"k f a st m us h
University— oats-2 p k e es /, rr
clean-fresh wheat-3 P '« g 2 5 C
G r a p e n u t s
Food for brain and tierve I r Jfil-' „ "„
centres— reg'ly isc pkge 2 tor 2 5 C
Wh e a t bi s cuit
Shredded— very popular— o . _ r^
formerly 15c package 2 for 25c
Herring
Moirs— kippered— breakfast - • oesr
delicacy— reg'ly 25c can . "
H addies
C & B—Findon haddock— ~ nn
•reg'ly 35c oval can 3 U *~
a? Whisky ,
v9« ld c « wbourbon.18^3 bot"^ ii5^i
Hermitage rye 1894 botf
." t J ;4
Old Tarn g in
D C L-rfull quarts— ' * rirto
reg'ly U 9 OC
G^ra n g e b rs
;¦ Field— reg'lyji bottle f .\ 90c
i 'b 35C-4 Ib 6oc-i Ib $1
Sc CO
Plasmon
A nutritious food—
GDLDBEHq
BOLDBERO. BOWEN 4 CO'I SPECIAL 8AVIN9 11LB
ao&OBZio. BOirm a oo'b snout sayix a uu
\ ¦ 0
CALIFORNIA \ i
LIMITED I
"THE SUPERIOR OF 1
THEM ALL"
* 1
Everythlnjf that tends . to
speed, coaafort, pleasure and . ¦
luxTury imUmlted. $87.00 : * ' !
Buffalo and Eetmn. October
3 and 4. B«serve berths for
this .- famous train ' at ' 641
Market Street. £
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., ON THE
SANTA FE ]
flAimijiri
I j At no other place in San Francisco can SOROSIS I
U Shoes be bought. The genuine are branded on the 'j
A sole "SOROSIS" with the trademark. The "Just As ft
| : Good," or those represented to be "SOROSIS" or 0
V made on SOROSIS models, are merely attempts of un- u
1\ scrupulous dealers to trade oil "SOROSIS" fame. i\
7 i*"3 f\Y2bf\€}t C* anc * $3-5° are synonymous. I
n Va$ «f f t Hi l^L we haven ' t a new It
A ATT^^ PRICE FOR EVERY A
K*/ TwcEMAia \^T CUSTOMER. In SOROSIS ; |
W : you shall have the best that money and • scientific ll
L\ . methods can produce, and a guarantee has proven \
ft" our faith in every .pair we sell. - . » ('
W Every wearer of SOROSIS may select from ioo M
K. styles — in Patent Leather, Enamel Leather, Box Calf, 'I
j\ Vici Kid, Tan Kid,<for dress, -street, promenading, fj
- I stormy, weather and golfing. Width's . AA A to EE, ll
V sizes i to 9, Louis XV, Military, Common Sense and ( |J
Concave heels. • '..- /¦ ¦ ¦ i . \ W
$3.50 Always, I I
/ Only to Be Had at 1
I Pacific Coast agency for the celebrated" Burt & fj
Packard Korrect SKape $4.00 Shoe for Men. t U
fagV SECOND Sndt STORL ' fmtf/WRKfTfoS
ioVEROIATS
ffl^ eH Wn ade t0 '.order
MJa week-
Our easy pay- •
Ka^S; £s/l ment- plan
makes it absurd
V;JMi H| ' to ;•' wear : " ill-fit- .
: ;|||- fiff" ' ; ¦ t i n k, ' . pdorly-
is \w • IffL ¦•" ¦ * a^^ ore d. ; out-of- v
*tj *¦¦ Ntfjfcs. "s t y 1 c":clothes.
«d9f •/- You/lffet ; the ;
best fabrics, the finest workman-, ;
'ship andj the' greatest- service-
: ability in* these; suits- and •'over-
¦ coats-^-and ¦: yoti I don't "miss _ the
money Awhile paying for them.
ADVEBT^SEMENTS.