VOLUME XC-SO. 173.
FENIAN LEADERS INSTIGATE THE PLOT
FOR YUKON'S REVOLT AGAINST CANADA
DETAILS of a conspiracy to overthrow the authority of the Dominion of Canada in the gold fields of Northwestern British Columbia and establish a Yukon republic were published exclusively in Skagway
correspondence to The Call on Sunday, November 17. It was shown that the revolutionary project had its orig-in in Dawson and its headquarters in Skagway; that arms and ammunition had been shipped in, and
that 5000 miners had pledged their support to the movement. Officers of the Northwest Mounted Police, learning the plot, had called upon United States officials in Alaska for the support of the American
Government in checking the conspirators, and United States Marshal Shoup had hastened to Seattle to telegraph the facts to Washington. From Victoria comes news fully confirming the statements contained in The Call's
Skagway correspondence. The Times of that city corroborates the details given and declares that the conspiracy originated in the Fenian centers in New York and Chicago. It says the Skagway leaders in the plot have long
been under the surveillance of the Dominion authorities.
UNCLE SAM
WILL NEVER
BE A BULLY
Secretary Hay Speaks of
Diplomacy of the
Present.
f Says America Is Not in the
Business of Driving Hard
Bargains.
Outline* the Friendship of Southern
Republics and Shows the Neces
sity of an Isthmian Canal
and Pacific Cable.
NEW TORE, Nov. 19.— The one hundred
and thirty-third annual banquet of the
Chamber of Commerce was held at Del
monico's this evening. Covers for 450
were laid In the win .in banquet-room,
which was decorated principally with
American flags.
At the table of honor, presided over by
President Morris K. Jessup, were Embas
tador Joseph HL Choa-te, John Hay (Sec
retary of State), Senator McLaurin of
South Carolina, Whltelaw Reid, Governor
tlect Cummins of lowa, Senator C. M. De
pew, Rev. Dr. Donald Sage Mackay. An
-ew Carnegie, Mayor-elect Seth Low,
¥ Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles, J.
• oat Morgan, William E. Dodgre, Mar
Central John R. Brooke, Carl Bchun,
Alexander E. Orr, Governor Odell and
Rear Admiral Albert S. Barker. The pro
¦nal and business circles of the city
•were well represented in the list of the
ether guests.
The speech-making was opened, by Pres
ident Jessup in a very few words. He
proposed a toast to the memory of
WUUmm McKinley. It was drunk with
¦anding and in silence. President
Roosevelt's health was then toasted, while
the orchestra played, and at the next
tr>ast, that of King Edward of England,
the British national anthem was played.
Toast to "Our Diplomacy.
In introducing Secretary Hay President
Jespup proposed a toast to "Our Diplom-
The Secretary was warmly wel
61 by the guests and his speech at
various points met with great enthusiasm,
ially when he mentioned the name
of President McKinley. The speech ob
•d rapt attention and the applause
deafening when in his peroration he
wantonness of strength will ever
• induce us to drive a hard bargain with
;<n<.pther nation because it is weak, nor
will any fear of ignoble criticism tempt
¦ft or defy a great power be
- • : or.g, or even because it is
¦ 'ily."
eloquent tribute to the mem
• ' Kinley Secretary Hay
"I dare to come to you because you
¦-i ire, and he would have wished
r he held that our personal feelings
d never be consid<r<-d -when they
icted with a public duty. And if I
fall immeasurably below the standard to
Mhich he has accustomed you, the very
: nripons you draw will be a tribute to
r.fmory.
"I am asked to say something about our
tnaey. You want from me nothing
he truth, and yet,' if I confine myself
c truth I cannot help feeling that I
Fhail do my profession a # wrong in the
minds of those who have been in the
habit of considering diplomacy an occult
s mysterious as aJchemy and
to morals as municipal poli-
It must be admitted that this con
n of the diplomatic function is not
without a certain historical foundation.
>• Not , Science of Intrigue.
"There was a time when diplomacy was
/*¦(¦ of intrigue and falsehood, of
- and mines and counter-mines. It
may be another instance of that credulity
with which I have often been charged by
European critics when I say that I reaily
• * the world has moved onward in
diplomacy as in many other matters. In
my experience of diplomatic life, which
rs more years than I like to look
upon, as in the far greater record
•tk riean diplomacy which I have read
end studied, I can say without hesitation
that we have generally told squarely what
we wanted, announced early in negotia
- what we were willing to give, and
allowed the other side to accept or reject
During the time in which i
have been prominently concerned in our
;--n relations, I can say that we have
met by {he representatives of other
n by the same spirit of frankness
and sincerity.
"As to the measure of success which
r recent diplomacy has met with, it is
Continued on Page Two.
The San Francisco Call.
PRESIDENT'S ORDER
FIXES THE STATUS
OF MANY OFFICIALS
Sixteen Hundred of the Civilian Positions
Are Restored to the Classified Gov
ernment Service*
DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE
WHOSE NAMES ARE NOW TO THE FORE FOR THE IMPORTANT
CHAIRMANSHIP OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.—
President Roosevelt to-day issued
an order restoring to the classified
service about 1600 civilian positions
; of the quartermaster, medical, ordnance
and engineering departments of the army.
| It is alleged that these positions were
handed over to spoilsmen a few years
! ago and have been withdrawn from their
control upon the recommendation of Sec
retary Root. Numerous appointments
have been made to these positions since
May 29, 1899, when they were exempted
from the civil service, and as a result of
President Roosevelt's action the ap
pointees will be incorporated in the civil
service without even the formality of un
dergoing examination.
In an official memorandum to the Presi
dent, upon which the latter based his ac
tion, Secretary Root says:
Causes of the Complication.
In Hay, 1896, the civil sen-Ice rules, were
amended, and the rules as thus amended re
malned In force until May 29, IS9S. The amended
rules of 189fi provide for trades and other non
educational examinations In different depart
ments and the Indian service. The working of
these rule* was In the main satisfactory to the
departments concerned.
On May 29, 1899, by an executive order,
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
certain civilian positions in the quartermaster,
medical, ordnance and engineering departments
were taken out from the operation of the exist
ing regulations and it was provided that ap
pointments to these designated positions should
hereafter be made on registration tests of fit
ness prescribed in regulation* to be Issued by
the Secretary of War and approved by the
President. No regulations have been Issued by
the Secretary of War in relation to these posi
tions. The result is that the legal status of all
the appointees to these designated positions is
somewhat In doubt, owing to the fact that,
as no new regulations hare been prescribed,
and as the appointments are not governed by
the provisions of previous regulations, there are
no rules or regulations governing their selec
tion. If regulations were formulated by the
Secretary of War it would result in two sys
tems' running Bide by side in the same depart
ment. Such a dual system of appointment In
the bureaus would be open to serious objection.
It is learned to-night that had Presi
dent McKinley lived he would have issued
such an order as was signed to-day by
President Roosevelt. He ordered the ex
emption of the places upon the recom
mendation of General Alger, but Secre
tary Root convinced him of the desirabil-
Continued on Page Two.
WILL LAY
CABLE TO
HONOLULU
Contract for First
Link in Line
Is Let.
Realization of a Long-
Cherished Hope Is
Promised,
Without Delay k Wire Will
Be Extended Under Pacific
to the Philippines,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The Commercial
Pacific Cable Company, recently organ
ized for the purpose of constructing and
maintaining a cable across the Pacific
Ocean, and of which John W. Mackay is
president, to-day awarded the contract
for the manufacture and laying of the
first section of the great submarine strand I
to the Silvertown Cable Manufacturing
Company of Silvertown, near London.
The cost of making and laying this sec
tion Is estimated at about $3,000,000. The
section will reach from San Francisco to
some central point in the Hawaiian Isl
ands, probably at Honolulu, and it is ex
pected will be completed about the first
of January, 1903.
The Silvertown. Company will commence
the work of construction immediately and
will have the work finished about the
first of next July. The cable will tnen
be loaded on board ship and it will be 1
three months more before It reaches San
Francisco, the starting point of its jour
ney across the Pacific.
The actual work of laying the cable will
consume about seventeen days and with
the additional time for establishing the
stations and allowing for possible mis
haps, it will be ready for service in two
months after its arrival here.
George G. Ward, first vice president of
the Commercial Cable Company, said to
day:
"The company has assured us they will
complete the cable and have it here In
seven months. Just as soon as this sec
tion Is complete and out of the way we
shall commence work on another section
that will connect the Hawaiian Islands
with the Philippines. Our station tnere
will probably be on the island of Luzon,
near Manila. We have not decided on that
point yet, nor have we fixed our schedule
of rates, but we shall reduce them to a
reasonable figure. We expect to have
the work completed In about two or
three years. The estimated cost of the
undertaking is about $15,000,000, but we
have capitalized our company at only
$3,000,000 because we prefer to increase
our^ capitalization as we proceed."
Ward said it was expected that the
new cable would allow the transmission
of messages in nearly four hours less time
than required at the present.
JOHN W. MACKAY ARRIVES.
I? Unaware That Big Cable Contract
Has Been Awarded.
John W. Mackay, millionaire and presi
dent of the Commercial Pacific Cable
Company, which yesterday awarded the
contract for the^manufacture and laying
of the first section of the cable to be laid
from San Francisco to the Philippines,
arrived on the overland from New York
last night. Mr. Maokay took his old
Continued on Page Two.
DOMINION GOVERNMENT
OFFICIALS ARE WATCHING
SKAGWAY CONSPIRATORS
Victoria Newspaper Says the Plans of the Goldfields
Revolutionists Are Directed From New-
York and Chicago*
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 19. — According to persons who have recently arrived in this city
from the north, says the Times of this city, the story of a conspiracy being hatched
at Skagway for the overthrow of Canadian rule in the Yukon territory has every sub
stance of foundation. The news was given first in the Sunday Call, being sent from Skag
way under date of November 6. According/ to reliable information that to-day reached the Times,
Inspector Corrigan did arrive at Skagway from White Horse on the evening of the sth and held
a consultation with the United States officers in Skagway. It is generally accepted asa fact that
some mischief was brewing; and it is attributed to the machinations of a Fenian center, with its
local headquarters in Skagway, but in direct affiliation with the head centers of New York and
Chicago.
The leaders of this local center are very well known to the authorities, and have been
watched for some time in connection with their workings among the local populace and their
communication with the head centers. The Times says in this regard:
"The exceedingly mean and hostile spirit which prevails in Skagway toward everything
Canadian and British is said to be largely due to the plotting of this local center. Recent instilts
to the British flag, culminating, in the actual tearing it down by the mob on one occasion, as
well as certain well carried out plots to bring Canadian officials into disgrace", are all traceable to
the same gang."
The informant of the Times avers positively that the report is thoroughly reliable, and that
Canada now and always stands in need of great alertness and preparation. The Times continues:
"In the event of any move being made by these Skagway Fenians against Dawson, or
Canadian rule in the north, a force of more than 4000 men could be landed on the scene within a
few days. In such an emergency the vessels of the fleet on this station, which carry more than
1000 men, could be immediately dispatched. These are heavily armed and could carry a plen
tiful supply of artillery with them.
"In addition to the men of the ships, there are 500 men of the royal garrison artil
lery, royal engineers, army ordnance corps and army medical corps stationed at Work Point bar
racks in this city. These could be moved at almost a moment's notice. The Fifth Regiment
C. A. (militia) of this city and the Sixth Battalion (rifles) of Vancouver, each numbering about
300 men, could be dispatched in a few days' time, swelling the expeditionary force, including the
Rocky Mountain Rangers of Nelson, Kamloops, Rossland and Revelstoke, up to nearly 40CO men,
all arrrjed with the latest and most modern rifles and armament.
"The force could be thrown into White Horse in a few days, and the march from that
point, while exacting enough, would present no insurmountable difficulties. In fact it would be
very similar to the rebellion of 1885, the last outbreak under Louis Riel in the Northwest Ter
ritory.
"The Northwest Mounted Police in the territories could also be brought over in a few days
to the coast to assist in the work.''
BLANCHE BATES MAY
WED FRANK WORTHING
Reports From Detroit Declare That
the Actress Is to Become a
Bride.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— A telegraph spe
cial from Detroit, Mich., says: The act
ress, Blanche Bate?, is rapidly convalesc
ing at Grace Hospital. She is happier
now than she has been at any time since
she was taken sick at the Detroit Opera
house while presenting "Under Two
Flags," and there's a man at the bottom
of It.
Frank Worthing, who plays the leading
male role In Amelia Bingham's company,
is now here presenting "The Climbers." In
the greenrooms It Is said that Miss Bates
and Worthing are engaged and it is Just
possible that this week may find a happy
little marriage In one of the private rooms
at the Graces Hospital. In any event, when
"The Climbers" company reached Detroit
Sunday night, Worthing sent his baggage
on to the hospital, while he entered a car
riage with a bound and to the jehu called
out sharply "To Grace Hospital."
In a few minutes he was at the bedside
of Miss Bates, where there were affection
ate greetings and the two talked just as
long as Miss Bates' physician would per
mit. Monday morning Worthing was there
again, and again in the afternoon and
twice every day since. Worthing was*
asked to-day the reason for his tender so
licitude and he blushed guiltily.
DREAD PLAGTJE INVADES
SOUTH AFRICA HOMES
Eight Hundred Cases of the Disease
Reported to Save Recently
Existed.
NORFOLK, Va., Nov. 19.— The British
steamer Monmouth, Captain Troop, which
arrived here direct from Cape Town,
South Africa, reports the existence of
over 800 cases of Irubonlc plague in the
vicinity of Cape Town when she left that
port. Up to the time she sailed some 3SO
deaths from the plague had occurred.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TROOPS MAY SEEK
TO FREE MISS STONE
.Diplomatic Agent Dickinson Said to
Have Asked for Bulgaria's
Assistance.
SOFIA, Nov. 19.— 1t is reported that
Dickinson, the United States diplomatic
agent here, has informed the Government
of Bulgaria that the abductors of Miss
Ellen M. Stone and Mme. Tsilka, with
their captives, are concealed In a defile
of the Belleritza Mountains, near Smotch,
district of Dubnitza, and has requested
that troops be sent to surround the place
and liberate the captltves. Both Dickin
son and the Bulgarian Foreign Office de
cline to confirm or deny this report.
Nevertheless, it Is believed that Dickin
son, persuaded of the Impossibility of
coming to terms with the brigands and
relying upon his belief that they will not
harm their captives if troops are employ
ed against them, has, after consulting
with Washington, decided upon this move.
Only eight bandits now guard Miss
Stone, and some of these are known to
sympathize with her. About a fortnight
ago Dickinson approached the Foreign
Office and proposed this same* plan, but
its carrying out was abandoned because
of the uncertainty of the location . of the
bandits.
< Arguments in Considine Case.
SEATTLE. Nov. ID.— The Considine
murder case will not go to the jury before
Thursday afternoon, unless counsel yet to
be heard tn argument occupy much less
time than those by whom the argument
was to-day begun. The whole of the fore
noon session and the larger part of the
afternoon was taken by John B. Hart in
presenting the opening argument for the
State. During the latter part of the after
noon Will H. Morris, for the defense, was
heard. Following: him to-morrow will
come James F. McElroy for the defense.
The closing address for the State, to be
made by Prosecuting Attorney Fulton,
and Judge Emory's charge to the jury
will probably go over to Thursday.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BRITISH OFFICIALS
SUSPECT A VESSEL
Steamer Thought to Have Supplies
for the Boers Is Detained at
London.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— The Government
has caused the detention of a British
steamer which Is fitting out, ostensibly
for a pleasure cruise, at Victoria docks,
on the ground that the vessel was laden
with contraband of war destined
for the Boers. A searchlight fixed
to the steamer's mast brought her
under suspicion, and it is said a
subsequent search disclosed four
field guns and quantities of raw material
for the manufacture of powder and that
the vessel was fitted inside to accommo
date five or six hundred men. The cap
tain of the vessel says the lnstEUCtions
from his employers directed him to call at
Hamburg after leaving the Thames.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman Is th«
subject of much severe comment to-day
for having declared in a speech last night
at Plymouth that he despaired of over
coming the peril now facing the country
In South Africa so long as Chamberlain
and Lord Milner retained their present
offices.
Great Payment for Timber.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Nov. 19.— This morn
ing C. B. Stunenberg. chief clerk of the
Idaho State Land Board, received $101,
652 as final payment for BUM acres of
whits pine timber in the Pot!ach district
sold several months ago by the State of
Idaho to Henry Turrish ami associates
of West Superior, Wis. The body of
timber sold exceeds 100.000.000 feet.
Madrid Students Bun Amuck.
MADRID, Nor. ».— Students' riots have
begun in Madrid. To-day the tramways
¦were attacked and attempts were made
to set the cars on fire. Several persona
were wounded.
Girls Perish in a Fire.
ROME. Nov. 19.— Fire to-day destroyed
the Sampier-Darena sugar refinery at
Genoa, the largest in Italy. Two girt*
lost their lives.2
MURDERERS
HAND BLOTS
OUT FAMILY
Ranch Near Downey the
Scene of an Awful
Tragedy.
A. P. Wilcox, His Wife and
Two- Year-Old Babe the
Victims.
Unknown Assassin Completes H'.s
Work by Wontonly Mutilating
the Bodies of the
Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. I".— A. P. Wilcox,
his wife and 2-year-old son were
murdered by an unknown person in their
home, two miles from Downey and twelve
miles cast "of Los Angeles.
The tragedy took place not later iho.ii
Sunday night but news or it did not reach
the Sheriff's office ur.ti! noon to-day. Sher
iff Hammei and Coroner Holland left for
the scene immediately.
Evidently the murderer had met resist
ance on the part of his victims. All rhe
bodies were horribly mutilated. Invefcti
n showed that the criminal had UaC-J
a. revolver and then completed his work
with a knife, with which he had stabbeu
and hacked his victims to pieces.
Scene at the Wilcox Home,
William Twesberry, wiio rented the
place to Wilcox. went over to the house
this morning and found everything closed.
H* looked through the windows and saw
the bodies stretched on the floor. He noti
fied Constable Romer. who in turn tele
phoned to Sheriff Hammei in this city.
'ihe Sheriff arrived at the ranch shortly
ifier noon and proceeded to make an ex
amination of the premises. The doors cf
the four-room cottage which the Wilcoxcs
occupied were closed, but one of the
kitchen windows was open.
family had evidently been surprised
at dinner or breakfast. Mrs. Wilcox had
been shot while carrying a plate from
the stove to the table. The baby lay in
the middle of the room, while the body of
its mother was stretched out near the
door. Wilcox had been beaten upon tlit
head with a revolver, and a greai knife
I had laid open his abdomen. The
Louies had evidently been set on fire, for
the clothing was badly burned.
The child had been shot through the
head and the bullet was found imbedded
at the back of the skull. Mrs. Wilcox
Lad been shot from behind, apparently.
Fierce Attack on Husband.
The husband clearly was the object cf
the fiercest assault. The top of his head
was beaten into a pulp.
None of the Wilcox family have betn
teen s'.nct- last Thursday evening so far
as can be ascertained. The house sets
back off the main road nearly a mile an i
tried from general observation. One
of the neighbors. Mr. Stack, says he he^rd
a. noise like the breaking of" a box on
Sunday morning. He is now convinced
that this noise was the report of a pistol
The weapon used by the murderer was a
38-cal:bre revolver, as is indicated by sev
eral empty shells found on the floor.
la the back room was found a hatchet,
tut n« bloodstains were to be found on it.
The room where ib.e slaughter took place
was in a frightful condition. The table,
with the meal still spread, however, re
mained undisturbed.
The theory of the Downey residents and
of the officers is that the woman and child
were killed by the first and second shots,
the murderer having entered unobserved.
The husband received the third bullet but
not until he had been beaten to insensi
bility.
:>icion at first pointed to Bert Lewis,
former husband of Mrs. Wilcox. Sheriff
Hammei notified all his deputies to look
for Lewis, who. it was alleged, had been
heard to threaten the life of his former
wife. That revenge or some similar mo
tive, and not robbery, induced the crime
16 indicated by the fact that nothing had
been taken from the bodies or from the
house.
Lewis was arrested in Downey this
evening. After a consultation between
the Sheriff and the District Attorney,
however, he was released- The District
Attorney decided that there was not suffi
cient evidence against Lewis to warrant
his detention. The authorities have no
further clew to work on.
The bodies of the three victims were
brought to Los Angeles to-night and
placed in an undertaking establishment.
NEW YORK. Nov. K-.— Among the passengers
who arrived to-day by Fteamer from Havana
¦were Senor Francisco Gamba. president of the
Centro General de Commerciantes lndustriales,
and four Cuban merchants, en route to Wash
ington, to interview President Roosevelt in re
lation to reciprocity with Cuba.
PRESIDENT'S ORDER FIXES,
Continued From Page One.
Ity of restoring them, and before bis
death he directed the preparation of an
order to that effect.
Following are the positions now brought
back into the civil service:
Medical department— Chief packer, packer or
assistant packer.
Quartermaster's department — Trainmaster,
chief packer, foreman, packer, packmaster,
master baler, foreman of laborers, superintend
ent of stable, forage master.
Ordnance department — Foreman, assistant
foreman, master forage, weigher, skilled labor
ers, guard or employes engaged in piece work.
Engineer's department— At-large: . Sub-in
spector, overseer, sub-overseer, superintendent,
master, lock manager, assistant superintendent
of canals, chief deputy inspector, deputy in
»*pector. rodman, etadiaman, chainman, fore
man, timekeepers, lock master, assistant lock
master, custodian, storekeeper. fort-keeper
torpedo-keeper, assistant torpedo-keeper, light
kepper, boardmaster, foreman, master la
borer, gnage reader, steward, dam tender as
elstant dam tender, carpenter's helper, machin
ist's • -'.per, quarry master, blacksmith's help
er, climber, barge master, recorder of vessels,
trackmen, gardener. assistant gardener
¦weigher.
The question of the selection of a
chairman or the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations, which position was
occupied by the late Senator Cushman K.
Davis, continues to excite interest. Ru
mors are heard everywhere that the
President desires the selection of Senator
i^odge of Massachusetts, although by
right of seniority Cullom of Illinois is en
titled to the place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO. mm
STECK RIANO.
Ste2i*>! tgSTO i^S%% A A »..--. or some twenty odd years we
M^Ltwa mt^^^^^WLmW OVER have been selling on ¦ this coast '
V^ M HBi m V V&H Jt ¦¦»• the OLD RELIABLE STBCK
,J*«fe Xi ftsr* M AMA M 43 PIANO. We have shipped them
AJ I KoK.l^fK M I '"' the Iceclad hills of Alaska, to ..
W HW ¦ % YEARS TEST the mist-laden valleys of Oregon 1
and Washington, to the fertile S
tsmt «_ ___ _ _ ¦•_. __« plains of California amd into the
TLa HI ll Pn IADI V tropics of Lower Mexico, and '
I filC ti LL9 IIEiLtADLiL. from one end of the coast to the
¦ iiw wkuimwnvkl. other the STECK PIANOS we
have sold have won for us as
M| gk at a^^^ well as for themselves much pop-
; ">..| A Rl^^l^^ ularity: and to-day we still put
Ull Mm\ ¦%* fo " h < he "STECK" as a piano
dPIJuPB I which will give eminent satisfac-
¦Qllj M%J try" in any clime or in any coun -
«Br «•• m For sale only by
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market St.. San Francisco.
BRANCH STORES, OAKLAND AND SAN JOSE
ALLEN & GILBERT CO., PORTLAND, -OR.- - •¦'- ;-•»>. ¦ ... ... ...
PRISON PLOT
IS EXPLAINED
- » '
New Jersey Lawyer's
Trial Uncovers the
Conspiracy.
PJates Us^d to Counterfeit
Notes Will Be Sur
rendered.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 19.-The trial of
John L. S,empie, the Camden, N. J., law
yer charged with aiding and abetting Ar
| thur Taylor and Baldwin S. Bredell in the j
i manufacture of plates for counterfeit $20 j
notes, was resumed to-day before Judge 1
McPherson in the United States court. .On !
| cross-examination Artt.ur Taylor admit- i
: ted some discrepancies between his test:- j
mony given yesterday and that at Sem- '
pie's preliminary hearing. His testimony j
of yesterday »vas corroborated by Bre- j
uell, who asserted that Semple had suy- !
6«-sted the idea of counterleiting in prison I
in order to secure clemency by giving up !
tne plates to the Govo.-nment.
At the conclusion of Hredell's testimony
Assistant Attorney General James ik. !
Beck, who was DistiKt Attorney \vh<ni
the counterfeiting conspiracy was u.n-. i
S earthed, was called, to the stand. He said
j that ex-Governor Robert E. Pattison and
I. Stmple were counsel tor Taylor and Bre- ]
dell, and had come io him and said the ¦
Government was mistaken in thinking it ¦
i had recovered all the plates made by their |
! clients, and that there was a large num- i
i ber ot notes in circulation undetected. !
i Beck said he remembered that it was pro- i
i posed that Bredell and Taylor should be.i
I allowed to go free if they would sur
| render the plate, and he replied that-such
: a suggestion could not be considered for j
a moment.
Beck said he tcld them if the plates
were surrendered the lact would be stated
to the Judge. If they were not surren
dered he would ask for the imposition of
the full penalty. Thereupon Pattison de- ]
1 clared to Semple that if the plates were j
I not giver, up he would --vithdraw from the ;
i case* Finally it -vas agreed to give up I
; the plates. Semple acquiescing.
YChen ex-Governor Pattison was placed I
on the stand he stated how he came to be ;
retained as counsel for Bredell and Tay
lor and how he consented to Semple en- !
1 tering the case as assistant counsel. In ',
i regard to tlje surrender of the $10 plate '
he said he had advised that the plate be |
given up. but it was not in the nature of i
a threat to withdraw from the case.
UNCLE SAM WILL NEVER BE A BULLY I
Continued from Page One.
difficult, if not impossible, for me to
speak. There are two important lines of
human endeavor in which men are for
bidden even to allude to their successes
affairs of the heart and diplomatic affairs.
"But if we are not permitted to boast
of what we have done, we can at least
say a word about what we have tried to
do and the principles which have guided
our action. The briefest expression of
our rule of conduct Is, perhaps, the Mon
roe doctrine and the golden rule. With
this simple chart we can hardly go far
wrong.
Sincerity of Attitude.
"I think I may say that our sister re
publics to the south of us are perfectly
convinced of the sincerity of our attitude.
They know we desire the prosperity of
each cf them, and peace and harmony
among them. We no more want their
territory than we covet the mountains of
the moon. We are grieved and distressed
when there are differences among them,
but even then we should never think of
trying to compose any of those differ
ences unless by the request of both par
ties to It. Not even our earnest desire
for peace among them will lead us to any
action which might offend their national
dignity or their just sense of independ
ence. We would endow them with all the
consideration we claim for ourselves.
"As to what we have tried to do— what
we are still trying to do — in the general
field of diplomacy, there is no reason for
doubt on the one band or reticence on
the other. President McKinley, in his
messages during the last four years, has
made the subject perfectly clear. We
have striven, on the lines laid down by
Washington, to cultivate friendly rela
tions with all powers, but not to take
part in the formation of groups or com
binations among them. A position of
complete independence is not incompati
ble with relations involving not friendship
alon^. but concurrent action as well in
important emergencies. We have kept al
ways in view the fact that we are pre
eminently a peace loving people: that our
natural activities are In the direction of
trade and commerce; that the vast de
velopment of our industries imperatively
demands that we shall not only retain
and confirm our hold on our present mar
kets, but seek constantly, by all honora
ble means, to extend our commercial in
terests in every- practicable direction.
"It is for this reason we have nego
tiated the treaties of reciprocity which
now await action of the Senate;
ail of them conceived in the tra
ditional American spirit of protec
tion to our own industries and yet
mutually advantageous to ourselves and
our neighbors. In the same spirit we
have sought successfully to induce all the
great powers to unite in a recognition of
the general principle of equality or com
mercial access and opportunity in the
markets of the Orient. We believe that
a "fair field and ho favor" is all we
reo.uire; and with less than that we can
not be satisfied. If we accept the assur
ances we have received as honest and
genuine, as I certainly do, that equality
will not be denied us; and the result may
be safely left to American genius and
energ>\
Interests in the Pacific.
"We consider our interests in the Pacific
Ocean as great now as those of any other
power and destined to indefinite develop
ment. We have opened our doors to the
people of Hawaii; we have accepted th"c
responsibility of the Philippines, which
providence Imposes on us; we have put
an end to the embarrassing condition In
which we were involved in Samoa, and
while abandoning none of our commercial
rights In the entire group, we have es
tablished our flag and our authority in
Tutuila, which gives us the finest harbor
in the South Seas. Next In order wfll
come a Pacific cable and an Isthmian
canal for the use of all well-disposed peo
ples, but under exclusive American own
ership ana American control — of both of
which great enterprises President Mc-
Kinley and President Roosevelt have been
the energretic and consistent champions.
"Sure as we are of our rights in these
matters, convinced as we are of the au
thenticity of the vision which has led us
thus far and still beckons us forward, I
can yet assure you that so long as the ad»
ministration of your affairs remains in
hands as strong and skillful as those to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
MINERS MEET
IN A BATTLE
Union Forces Close a
Shaft and Destroy
Property;
Tools Are Burned, Men Injured
and a Town Is in
Terror*
VINCENNES, Ind...Nov. 19.-Three hun
dred union miners from Washington,
Princeton, Petersburg, Linton, Sullivan
; and BickneM'came here during the night
and early to-day marched to the shaft
j of the Prospect Hill Coal Mining Com
! pany, where non-union miners are em
• ployed, and closed the shaft. They de- i
' t-troyed property, assaulted a number of
! miners and are still in the vicinity of the
; mine. The entire city is excited and more
j trouble is feared.
Owing to a recent strike the mine was
! not being operated at night, and only the
! watchman, Buck Azbell, was on dut>\ He
¦was beaten and placed under guard,
i while fifty men went to a shack ocou
i pied by half a dozen miners, when a gen
i era! fight resulted, in which Perry Collins,
: an attorney of Washington, who was vis
iting the owner of the sha-ck, and Wil
liam Scott and Joe Devlne, non-union
miners, were badly beaten and left In a
! serious condition^
The union men then returned to the
: mine, stopped the pumps, burned all the
: tcols they could find, and after leaving
instructions that they would return in I
i case the mine was started and the scale
! r.ot paid marched back to town and dis
! banded.
which they have been and are now com
mitted, there will be no more surrender
•of our rights than there will be violation
of the rights of others. The President to
whom you have given your invaluable
trust and confidence, like his now immor
tal predecessor, is as incapable of bully
ing a strong power as he is of wringing a
weak one. He feels and knows— for has
he not tested it in the currents of heavy
fight, as well as in the toilsome work of
administration?— that the ' nation over
whose destinies he presides has a giant's
strength in the works of war, as in the
works of peace. But that consciousness
of strength brings with it no temptation
to do injury to any power on earth, the
proudest or the humblest. We frankly
confess we seek the friendship of all the
powers; we want to trade with all peoples;
we are conscious of resources that will
make our commerce a source of advan
tage to them and also profit to ourselves.
But no wantonness or strength will ever
induce us to drive a hard bargain with
another nation because it is weak, nor
will any fear of ignoble criticism tempt
us to insult or defy a great power beciuse
it is strong or even because it is friendly.
"The attitude of our diplomacy may be
indicated in a text of Scripture which
Franklin— the first and greatest of our
diplomats— tells us passed through his
mind when he was presented at the court
of Versailles. It was a text his father
used to quote to him in the old candle
shop in Boston when he was a boy:
" 'Seest thou a man diligent in business,
he shall stand before kings."
"Let us be diligent in our business and
we shall stand— stand, you see, not crawl,,
nor swagger— stand as a friend and equal,
asking nothing, putting up with nothing
but what is right and just among our
people in the great democracy of na
tions."
Embassador Choate Speaks.
After he concluded Secretary Hay was
obliged several times to acknowledge the
applause accorded him. by the diners.
•Governor Odell spoke to the toast,
"The State of New York," and Mayor
elect Low replied to the toast, "The City
of New ifork."
Joseph H. Choate, Embassador to the
Court of St. James, was next introduced.
After the applause had subsided he spoke
with his usual eloquence, dwelling mostly
on the recent visit of the delegates of the
New York Chamber of Commerce to
London. He enlarged on the sympathy
which had been shown by the British
people at the time of the death of Presi
dent McKinley and said that not only had
the sympathy been manifested almost
every hour for days after that event by
royalty, but that all classes were quite aa
sorrowful. In view of these facts Choate
thought this Government justified in
u-.nking that England's .grief was an ex
pression of national sympathy.
Choate was followed by Senator Mc-
Laurin of Soutb Carolina, who spoke to
the toast of "The Monroe Doctrine of the
Twentieth Century." The Senator's ad
dress was very well received and he was
frequently applauded.
Senator McLaurin elucidated the Mc-
Kinley doctrines to be as follows:
First — That as our own manifold productions
largely exceeded home consumption, the ex
pansion of territory, trade and commerce was
the only means of securing markets for our
surplus products.
Second— That as a nation with a firmly es
tablished constitutional government and en
larged national obligations we could no longer
abstain from participation In the affairs of the
world, but must take our share of the re
sponsibility.
Third — That while maintaining the doctrine
that no government on the American continent
must be interfered with or controlled by any
European power, yet we must cultivate friend
ly relations with them and be prepared to
seek and control our share of the trade of
the world.
Fourth— That we should not and could not
as a nation safely shrink full performance of
all the responsibilities caet upon us, but must
move forward to the fulfillment of our na
tional destiny.
The propositions embraced in this doctrine
will be to the twentieth century what the
Monroe doctrine was to the nineteenth. If,
as a nation, we would enjoy the commercial
fruits we need and desire, we must, like in
dividuals, make national ventures and heroic
efforts.
Governor-elect Albert B. Cummins of
lowa followed Senator McLaurin. He
said in part:
Reciprocity, In so far as It modifies or abro
gates duties upon non-competitive products
imported Into the United States, Is so plainly
for the benefit of both the American producer
and the consumers that there can be no con
troversy with respect to the wisdom of giving
the principle free scope in these fields. Let
us hold fast to these fundamental principles.
We must not surrender a home market for a
foreign market of equal extent. We must not
yield a cure market for an uncertain one.
The consumers of this country will not tolerate,
as a permanent trade policy, the selling of
goods abroad at a less price than they are sold
at home, and if they believe that tariff duties
have any influence upon the maintenance of
such conditions, the man or party that stands
for the perpetuation of such duties is destined
for bitter disappointment.
Improper Feeding: of Chickens.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. i 9.— An agent of
the State Board of Health has gone to
Petaluma to Investigate alleged improper
feeding of chickens by giving them car
cases of horses that died of glanders and
other diseases. If the abuse Is as flagrant
as has been reported action will be taken
by the State authorities.
WILL LAY CABLE TO HONOLULU.
Continued from Page One.
apartments at the Palace and denied him
self to all visitors, save hie old friends
John Rosenfeld and Richard Dye.
Mr. Dye was seen after his conference
with the millionaire, and he said that Mr,
Mackay was unaware that the contract
for the manufacture and laying of the
cable to Honolulu had been finally award
ed, although he expected such an event.
The matter had been under consideration
by M- Mackay's company for a long
time and many estimates had been re
ceived. The company was to meet in
London on the 11th. lost, and perfect all de
tails. The first section will cost $3,000,000.
Thin is Mr. Mackay's annual visit to
this city. He comes here In order to es
cape «the extreme cold which prevails In
New York In December and January. It
is expected that he wijl remain here until
the middle of February next.
Stops the Cough
And works off ths cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablet* cure a cold In one day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
MAKES A PLEA
FOR HARMONY
Reciprocity Convention's
Chairman Talks of
Tariffs.
Representatives of Nation's
Industries Begin
Sessions.
WASHINGTON^ Njv. 19.— Many of the
manufacturing industries of the United
States were represented at the National
Reciprocity Convention, which began 'ts
sessions here to-day. There were 200 del
egates present in respanse to a call issued
by the National Association of Manufac
turers at a meeting in Detroit last June.
The convention is representative of all
sections, and its object is to give expres
sion to the views of manufacturers gen
erally on the subject of reciprocity;
B. A. Tompkins of Charlotte, N. C, was
chosen temporary chairman and Theo
dore C. Search of Philadelphia permanent
chairman. The organization was com
pleted by the election of the following:
Vice chairmen— General W. F; Draper of
Massachusetts, T. *L. Hickman of Geor
gia, Charles C. Harrington of Pennsylva
nia, James Deering o£ Illinois, Titus S.
Heard of New York City and Robert J.
Morgan of Ohioj secretaries, Edward H.
Sanborn of Pennsylvania and E. P. Wil
son of Cincinnati;
The convention adopted resolutions of
greeting to President Roosevelt, pledging
its support and expressing its confidence
in his administration. Search in taking
the chair outlined the work before the
convention. He said in part:
Our aim has been to forestall tariff agitation,
net to encourage It. It is the duty of this con
vention to harmonize as far as possible the
widely differing opinions represented In tms
body, and to reduce to clear and forceful ex
pression such principles as we hold In common.
We are here to harmonize our views, not to em
phasize our differences. This Is no time or
place for sentiment, for theories, or for state
ments that cannot be fully substantiated by
facts. I take it we are all agreed as to certain
general propositions, such as these:
That some of the duties embraced in our pres
ent tariff are no longer needful for the existence
of the industries for whose protection they are
imposed.
That many of our industries have reached a
stage in their development where the home
market alone cannot absorb their entire prod
uct, and consequently new outlets' are neces
sary for their continuous operation and the
steady employment of their operatives.
That the establishment of more cordial com
mercial relations with other nations by means
of an exchange of tariff concessions would en
large the foreign outlets of those industries for
which increased export trade Is necessary.
That if such applications of the principles of
commercial reciprocity could be made without
Injury to any of our industries the consequent
expansion of our foreign trade would be benefi
cial to all our commercial and Industrial inter
ests.
Coffee and tea are about the only great staple
articles of commerce which we do not produce,
and if reciprocity be limited to the use of these
two commodities as a basis for negotiations we
cannot expect to make much progress. To in
sist upon strict adherence to such a principle
In making- application of reciprocity is virtually
to oppose Its use in many practical forms.
The reciprocity that is wanted to-day is a
reciprocity that means something, and promises
something in the shape -of tangible advantages
for our commerce, not merely expressions of
kind sentiment toward all the business world,
but an actual giving and taking of concessions
that will open wider for us the markets of the
world and broaden the distribution of our prod
ucts'.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Fourth Class Postmaster Is Appoint
ed and More iTev Pensions
Are Issued.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The Postof
fice Department to-day announced the
following: Fourth class Postmaster ap
pointed; Oregon — George W. South, Med
ical Springs, Union County, vice Joseph
Truesdale, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— James Mcßorie, Bay side,
$6; John E. Crawford, Arcata, $8; Leonard
P. Heldman, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $6; John M. Putnam, Los Angeles,
$8. War with Spain— Harvey E. Provence,
Elk Creek, $6; Montgomery Walton, Sac
ramento, $6; John Mims, San Francisco,
$6; Charles Lawrence, Los Angeles, $S;
Thomas O. Cottrell, Riverside, $8. Widow
Indian wars — Ellen N. Rosborough, |8.
Original, widows — Johanne Koch, San
Francisco, $12; Cornelia M. Richardson,
San Diego, $12.
Oregon: Original— Jehlel L. Willitts,
Watkins, $6.
Washington: Widow— Margaret Stange,
Tacoma. $8.
The following patents were" issued to
day:
California— Henry Barry, assignor one
half to G. Eberhard, San Francisco,
lock; Russell W. Brown, Colfax, revolv
ing hat showcase; James E. Chapman,
San Jc-Se, bracket; Herman Enge, West
Berkeley explosive engine; Richard W.
Kelly and H. T. Hazard, Los Angeles, air
retaining valve; Lewis Landau, San
Francisco, siphon bottle; John J. McCor
mick, San Francisco, window fastener;
William Morck, assignor one-third to D.
E. Golia, Oakland, elastic vehicle tire;
James D. McFarland Jr., assignor one
half to J. Bruckman, San Frajicisco, au
tomatic oiling device; Oscar Newhouse,
San Francisco, lubricating device (reis
sue); William Plotts, Whittier, well
bailer; Charles "W. Richards, San Fran
cisco, tooth brush; Henry W. Rotermund,
Montague, seal lock; John N. Young,
Alameda, railway and railway security.
Oregon— Ezra Hutson, Oregon City,
bucket.
' Washington— Benjamin E. Hervey,
Ritzville, boring and drilling machine;
John M. Miller, Dayton, syringe.
Brilliant Naval Wedding.
BOSTON, Nov. 19.— A brilliant wedding
at the Touralne to-day brought together
most of the naval officers in this part
of New England. The groom was Dr.
Charles Alexander Crawford, TJ, 8. N.,
and the bride Miss Mary Winchester
MacDermot, daughter of Mrs. C. F. Mac-
Dermot, of Oakland, Cal. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. Father Frlsbie of
the Church of the Advent.
Industrial and Social Betterment.
Dr. William H. Tolman of New York
delivered an interesting lecture last night
at Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices of the Merchants' Association
on "Industrial and Social Betterment."
Dr. Tolman described how he thought
that the relations between employe and
employer might be improved. He stated
that in England, France and Germany
in many instances the employers had
taken it upon themselves to look after
the social, economic and moral welfare
Of their employes. The lecture was ap
propriately illustrated and waa listened
to by an audience that packed the hall.
ADVERTISEMENTSk
Salt Rheum
You may call It eczema, tetter or milk
crust. ¦.¦'¦-¦•-•:¦.; -¦•;¦¦ •¦ *¦;.•.¦-;•,¦¦ -.-.
:¦¦ But no matter what yon call it, this skin
disease which comes In patches that | burn,'
Itch, discharge a watery matter.: dry g and
scale, owes its existence to the presence of
- humors in the system. ; ;. . ¦ .-
. v It will continue to exist; annoy, and per-
haps " agonize, as long : as ' these humors
remain. ... •. ¦¦.-: ;° .. ¦.; '¦-.¦{:¦ -.<¦
¦_:¦ It is always radically and permanently
cured by ; •;•-. - ; - • ,  -. ••. ' '-; 1
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which expels all humors, *aiid; Is positively
Unequalled for &V cn»« noons emotions. ¦ :
:• ; NEW WESTERN HOTEL, :^V
I/EARNY AND 1 WASHINGTON 1 8TS.— RE-
" modeled and renovated. KINO, : WARD &
CO.. European plan. Roonu, 600 ,to II ,60 -. day;
15. to .$8 week; |8 to .' $20 . month. -Free ¦- baths;
not ana cold water j every room; . fire grates In
every , room elevator runs all ' night.
*"¦" ¦ ¦ '. ¦•¦... , , , ¦¦¦..-. . . ' • —•¦¦¦¦.¦¦
MAYOR ORDERS
TREASURER OUT
Buffalo Executive Re
moves One of City's
Officers*
Charges Are Made That There
Has Been Stealing of
Money.
BUFFALO, N. V., Nov. 19.— Mayor Die hi
to-day suspended City Treasurer Philip
Gerst from office. In the notice of sus
pension the Mayor charges Gerst with
misconduct in office and with having kept
Inaccurate and false accounts, and speci
fically charges that from the accounts of
the City Treasurer the amount of cash
on hand to the credit of the city is $50,000
in excess of the actual amount. The ex
amination of the Treasurer's accounts,
which has been in progress for several
days, will be continued.
Specifically, the Mayor charges that
Treasurer Gerst borrowed from banks up
ward of $40,000 with which to cover up the
shortages in his accounts at a time when
an examination was to be maSe; that in
August last he loaned the banks $8000 of
the city's money and that at various times
during the current year he appropriated
to his own use money belonging to the
city, the aggregate of such sums being
$4246. After he had been served with notice
of removal, Gerst said:
The books of my office are undergoing an
examination by an expert accountant and the
result will show that every cent of the city s
money is in the bank or In the office of the
Treasurer at this very moment. Notwithstand
ing the charges of the Mayor, the city of Buf
falo will not lose a single penny through my
administration of the office of City Treasurer.
Mayor Diehl declined to talk on the mat
ter, further than to say, in reply to a
question as to whether Gerst had at
tempted to explain the shortage or offered
to tell what use he had made of the
money he is alleged to have appropriated;
I believe he has accounted for the *50,000, but
so far as I know has made no effort to explain
his use of the small amounts. I believe his
bondsmen have arranged to make good any
shortage there may be.
ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S SON
WLLL GO TO ANNAPOLIS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— President
Roosevelt has Informed an applicant for
a cadetship at the Naval Acadmey that
the next "at large" appointment will be
given to the son of Admiral Sampson.
This was in accordance with a promise
made by President McKinley. The Presi
dent has informed applicants for ap
pointments that he will adhere to the
practice of giving vacancies at West Point
and Annapolis to the sons of army and
navy officers and distinguished officers of
the old Confederacy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ENTHUSIASTIC CONVERTS.
There Arc Thousands of Them !
Who Believe as This
Woman Does.
Mrs. Ira Knowlton of - Butte, Montana, ia a
most enthusiastic ' convert to the virtues >of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets as a cure for ob-
stinate stomach trouble. . She cays: "I had
poor digestion nearly all my .life. It now
seems to me that for years I never Knew what
It was to be hungry, to have a good natural.
app3tit*. . - •';"•• •
| "I was troubled ,wtth gas In stomach causing-
pressure on the. heart with palpitation an
short breath. , Nearly everything: I ate soured
on my stomach, sometimes I . had cramps vi
the etomach which almost resembled spasms.
'. "Doctors told me I had catarrh of the stom-
ach, but their medicines would not reach it
and I would still be a sufferer had I not. In
sheer desperation, decided to try Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. ¦ ' . • ¦
"I knew they were an advertised remedy and
I didn't believe anything I read about them
as I had no confidence In advertised remedies,
but my sister living. in Pittsburg ¦wrote me last
spring telling me how Stuart's . Tablets had'
cured .her/little daughters of Indigestion and
Loss of flesh and appetite and I hesitated no
longer. \ . '; .' .
, "I bought a fifty-cent box at my drug store
and took two of j the large tablets - after each
meal and found them delightful to take, being
as . pleasant to the taste as . caramel candy.
Whenever during the day or night I felt any
pain or uneasiness in the stomach or about
the heart I took one of the. small tablets and
in three weeks It seemed to me as If I had
never 'known what • stomach - trouble was.
"I keep Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in the
house and - every ¦ member of our i family uses
them occasionally after a hearty meal or when
any of us have a pain or ache In the digestive
organs." ¦: ¦ .. : .
Mr. B. H. Davis of Hampton, Va.. says: "I
doctored five years for dyspepsia, but In two
months I got more benefit from Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets than In five years of the doctor's
treatment."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is the safest as
well as the simplest and most convenient rem-
edy for any form of indigestion, catarrh of
stomach, biliousness, sour stomach, ¦ bloating
after ; meals, sympathetic heart . trouble. ,
- Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is not a cheap
cathartic, but an active digestive remedy con-
taining the pepsin and diastase which every
weak ' stomach' lacks, and they cure stomach
troubles because they digest the food eaten and
give the weak. : abused, overworked stomach a
chance to rest and recuperate. .• , ¦ . ¦ ' t^-.,<-
¦ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold In every
drug store In the United States, Canada and
Great Britain. : v , .
h B I si nn m BS raeeJi
| V J| m §| Jro "i[JJj*i|
; JIATLWAY TRAVEL. ; .
ftOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ " ¦¦ - Leave ¦• Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive ¦ n
San Fran. Foot of Market St, San Fran,
™*% I""- 'n.tUK.M.^^ Sun- Week"
f3O A. 8:00 a. ,^- ,„„, v JM 1.00 p. 9.45 A.
" Fair, tv Fnaeteo to Summit and Return, fl .80, ' '
O«k.toa<»i, «21 MAaK£TBIBXK ml BAUB4UIO TfUX.
ADVERTISEMENTS. J^
Health Bread
SB '-' "'"' ***¦$^^Hlßfl
Ask for"HOLGRANE" and INSIST upon it
DON'T take the product of some
one you know nothing about. T
Whole wheat flour is prescribed
for "reasons" and you want to know
that you get whole wheat flour.
¦'¦.—-.',- ¦'.>"!*' ' / .>.
The H-0 Company \
ADVERTISEMENTS. i
I
STATEMENT
• ' , —OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fidelity >nd Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork.-on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending- on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash : $ 230,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 567,737 23
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,550,4?3 25
Cash In Company's Office 6.418 15
Cash in Banks : 112,856 15
Interest due and accrued on all . -
Stocks and Loans 3.034 29
Premiums in due Course of Collection 3*1.136 43
Rents due and accrued 703 42
Reserve reinsurance deposit 23.734 62
Total-Assets .........,....'..;. $3,336,215 60
: . , LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense "-'- $ 186,230 73
Losses resisted, including expenses.. »4.349 83
| Gross Premiums on Risks running
i one year or less. $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1.831,373 43
Gross premiums on Bisks running
more than one year, 5 ; rein-
surance pro rata 227,733 09
Contingent Fund ..—.. ..;.. 150.000 00
All other liabilities — ................ 43,004 38
• ¦ ; Total Liabilities' ...".. .:.....:.^.. :.'.52,733,219 47
.:/./ ' :'¦': INCOME. ; : -\ . . ¦% = l
Net cash actually' received for pre- -
miums '.. - $3,572,503 33
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources $7.973 65
Received for Rents .....:....... «3,471 68
Received from all ether sources 12,305 00
Total Income $3,746,237 69
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
- ing *— , losses of previous years). sl2. S2B 34
Dividends to Stockholders «... 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 837.771 SI
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc .. 2.0,124 86
Paid for State, National : and Local
taxes :-. 96.3?3 OS
All other payments and expenditures. 484,651 iS
Total Expenditures ........ $3,430,304 27
-' GEO. F. it; WARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS. Secretary.
Subscribed and -sworn to before me this. sth
day of February. ' 1901. * ...
W. L. KERB, Notarr Public
CHARLES J. BOS WORTH,
. General Agent,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ' :. !x
\A/. X. HESS,
- BOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOaHET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bids.
¦ Telephone Main 983.
- Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1301.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
. Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd i Local
. ' Dally Daily Daily | Daily
I>v. San Fran 7:20 a ) 9:00 a 8: 00 p 4:20 p
r Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 i»
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 1:13 a 10:50 o
•' Hanford.. S:l2 p 5:27 p 8:05 a .........
?• Visalla.... 5:39 p 5:00 a
- « Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
«• Chicago 8:15 p 9:00 p I
a for morning, p for afternoon.
¦ 9:00 a m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
' Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding: train arrive* it 7 505 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p» m. ts Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train .arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. ¦••> -. .
8:00 p. m. ts the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Fret Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at i.OO p. m.
daily. • -.
. 7:20 a. m. la Bakerafteld Local stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 3:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— «41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILRQAa
Via SauMltt* Ftny.
• Commencing beptember is. 1901. .
FROM SAN FRA> CISCO TO. MILL, VALLEY
> AND SAN RAFAEL. * -***«*
WEEK DAYS-6:55 8:30, •9:30. U:00 a. «
•1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. '4:15 8:45 p, m, *» °*».
E^TRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and. Saa
Rafael en Mondays, Wednesdays ana SauS
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m, . w »»iur*
BUNDAYS-'S:00 »U:3O a, m. _«
805, # 4:45 s 6:30. $•:*> P> m, T"* *"« !
-Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. \
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25, 6:27. 7:45, £& urn l
a, m.^ 12:25, 2=15, -•3:331 4:40. 5:30 p, nT U !
EXTRA TRIPB on Mondays, Vv.aaeadar*
and Saturdays at 6:4 a and 9:55 p. m s "" u »J'-»
SUNDAYS— «:IS, »8:00, »10:00. «U:45 a. m
•1:40 '3:15, 4:45. p, m, *" *< nL «
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin "
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO !
WEEK DAYB-5:46. 6;45. 7:55, 8:55, 10 : 30 L m I
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 o, m. **• m -«
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday, and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 iT m /°**" cc * aa y» ana
. SUNDAYS— 10:05 a, m,. U:O5, 2:15. aax.^ I
6:00. «:45 p.' m. "> -%••«%
THROUGH TRAINS,
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way- sta- \
tions. . • •--¦ ¦ > "'»xiS'*ssJiSSu*rj^si."'. - -
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan MM. and way f
stations. v , *
, 8:00 a, nx Sunday*- Duncan MIII 3 and way |
stations, ¦ % ¦ . . . *
Legal , Holidays boats and trains will rua ob
Sunday time.
; ' T RAILWAY TRAVEL.
! SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lenv«> i»it«l <%r« ilu» to iirrli* m.
man flirHO
| (Main Line. Foot of .Market Street.)
is.i — From Novsmbir 4. 1901. — Amsira
?:OOa Eenicia, Suiauu, &laura> »nd Sacra-
mento T. 6:3-1p
7:004 V»c»?illo, Wiaterj, Bumaey ~:33»
< : JO a Martinax, .S»u K»iuoii. V allejo. Kaya, '
I :alisti'E« ami .Santa Rosa 0:23r
8:0Oa D»Tis, Woodland. KoJgiits Landioz.
Murjstille. orotiHe 7:3**
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdon and X*M *<23a .
»:ll»i Ni!tt, Lathrop. Stockton Z:*.tf\
S:U«ANiles. Mendota. Hanford, Viaaii*. '
Pofterrille 4:33» »*
8:3& a Shasta Impress— D»Tia, Williams (fox
Bartlett Springs), Wiuoiri, Red
Bluff. Portland. 7i*»»
• iU»a San Jute, Literinoie. Stockton,
lone. Haeraiirento. PlacenlU*.
M»nfsTill». Chic... IU.I JSUiir •*:«.!»
¦:»•»* Oak dale. Cnineae,Sonora, Cartels... 4:33*
»:l>O* HarwarO, Ml** aoU Way StaUuua.. •!:»**
a Vallejo 1"4:23-»
»:(M»a Los Angeles Kxpraw — •Urtinax,
Tr»cy, Latiirop. .Stooktou. 3K»ICC<I 1
Vreano and Los Angelea ... 7:**»
0:3I»a Vull^j... Marthiex »n.l Way Station* 7:.1*»
IttstVA Tba OTerlai-.l I jiiu'jhl— Dan-
T«r. Omaha. Chicago »i*3»
tl:<*«F Sacramento K1T0r5i8im«r«......... fll:«M»»
S:3op Hsyward, Nil-" ami Way Stations.. 7:33ff
, 4ittttr limiicta. Winters. aacraiuenlo.
Woodland. Knllibto Jailing. ¦ '
!tt«rjßTillf, Oro» Ilia : 10:33*
•*:O»p Martiner., Hail Kaiuun. TalUJo.
Kali*. CaiUtoua. Simt* Itoam ¦. . •'*»»
4jO«? Nil*., LlTPrmoro, Stockton. L0d1... Kfc«a»
¦«::;«»r Hay*v<t Miles, Han • l " : "'- LiTtrmors t":-"»»a
4i3«p Port Cos a. Tracy. Laibrop, Stockton !•:«»•,
3:UurXho Owl limited— fttmuo, Tuiare,
BakersCaltl. Sangiia for Santa Uax-
- . ban, Los Angeles 8:33 a
»soa ? MartiD'z. Antiuch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno Ms*3»
«:34»r New •Otleans Exprwm— Mandota.
Freano, BakenSeld. Los Angeiea, . • :
DsmiDg. £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East 7s.l»*,
«:«Op Hvirard, Nile* aud San Joss 7..M*
1«:»«rVallejo 11:834
t:O« r Oriental Mail-Ogiieo. Chejence.
Omaha, Chicago.. »»23a
• :*«r Oriental .via:!— Ogdao, . Denrer.
at Louis. Chio«gOL «taa» •
?:oO r Oregon mud California Hi i>rtMM. -<«o- >
wautii Mary*vlli«. ICtxMltiK, |T'
I'ortlHiiii. Tngtil .ioiu.il anil Riuk •:*»», ,1
¦ ¦•Mrßan Pablo. Port ComU, < 3UrBa«a
and Way CtUtiooa II:SSa ¦
t«:OSp Vail.-). ?;Sa?
COAST LINE (Marrow <••¦¦(•).
! ""- ' (root ot M»tk«t Street.)
I ¦tt3 a Newark, Ce«toMllle,Man.Joso,F»Hton,
Boulder Cruz and Way
Stations Bj3»*
t»«l*r Newark. Center»ille. San .locs, KftW
Almatlan, Talton, HimKler Creek.
'Santa Cruz and l'rlnotual Way
Stations _ "¦ »•»."»•*
«:»•¦»? Nawark, Han .Jose, Lou Gatoa t8:3«»a
a».3»r Hunter*' Train — San Jose and Way
Station* V7.**>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Inn SIX tU3 CISCO— TM of Ifukat Street (Slip 3)—
this 8:00 11:00 A.M. 130 3:io 3:X3p.m.
, rwmOalUSa— mtifßmJti;.- 1«:9» t*JBO f8:0»
_ 10:00 a.m. 12:33 3. 33 t:S3r.». _^
COAST LINE (Broa.l Ci«ns«).
i •;."¦.- (Thi«lm.ilTowii»»ii«rSts.)
! 8: 1 » a San Jose and Way stations. ......... «>i.l«»7
7:00 a Sau Jose ami Way 5tati0n5.......... li»»p
1 /7:»«A New j>tia<l»» ' '1' " /*!*•»
»j*Oa,S»ii Jose, Tres rinos, .Hunt* Crux,
raeillc Urine. Saliuaa, San Luis
Obispo. Santa Barbara, ami Prin-
- ci|>ai Stations. ....... T:43t
'¦ I»iTOa San Jcse and Way 5tati0n5......... 4Wl»*
I 1:30 a ban Joss anil Way Stations ..*...... Si3o»
3? Sail Mateo, lte(iwoo.l, Menlo Parir.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. b»» Juse.
¦ Tres Pinos, SnntK Crin. Salinas.
Moatera; »i>'l Vaclltc Urova .. t" >! * 3 A
«i3OpSan Jose aud "Way Stations. 8:30 a.
?4:l.'»p Saa Jo«eau<t Principal Way Stations »:43a
i.l:ttOrSan Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations t»:«H>A
>t3*p San .7os« an.l Principal Statious 9:4*4 ,'
•OOP Redwood, Han Jose. CV.cvy. SaJlaas, , M
Santa Barbara. Los Angelsa lOiOSa \
- S:3Or San Joiteauil Way Station* ........ t* :OU *
all: San Joe t:i,l Way Stations 8:3OT
A for MorniiiK- P for Afternoon.
. t Sim.lay exeented. I ~un<tar .only.
/ a Saturday only. . / Tuesdays and Fridays.
CALLFORNIA IfOmnrESTEU IL CX
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOHTB PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. F«a* •! |n|n 8m
San Francisco to ban Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— £xtra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO. S:3OL 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. i.U.
50)0. 6:.'0 p. m.
i San Ratael to San Franctaco.
WIEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12-C.
J4O. ? : £ a ' m. Saturdays--£xtra trip* at I.M
and 6:33 p. m.
ce ¥ ISPf&!t-1 SPf&!t-* ii ak. **"* n M ' m - ; i: * * ; *«.
• :uo. ' I :2a p. xo. --j* ¦
_ Leave jln Effect " I Arrive '
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
, Week I Sun- 1 • • | sun- I Week*
Days. [ days. [ Deattnatloo. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato. 10:40 am| i.to am
S:3O pm 8:30 ami Petaluma. 8:05 pm(10:2» am,
6:10 pm[ 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| *:& pa
'"• - Fulton. " I
I:Wam Windsor. | 10 23 ana
S:00 pm Hedldsburr. 10:40 ami
Lytton,
Geyserville. ( I ¦>
J:3O pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, I 7:35 pm 8:20 pm ,*L
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:10 am 10:25 am/
.3:30 pm 8:00 ami and Ulciab. 7:35 m 4:20 pin
7:30 ami ] 110:40 amilO:23 an*
I S:00 em Guernevllle. I 7:33 pml
*:30 pm| 5:00 pm _ _J_ [ 8:20 pm
¦ 7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9 :13 ami' 8:10 am*
. I I and 1 I
8:10 pm 5:00 pro. Qlen Ellen, f «*.-«S pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami '10:40 am|lo:23 am
8:30 pmf 5:00 pmi Sevastopol. ] 7:35 pm( 8:20 pm
_ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
lor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs, a:
Geyserville for SkasK3 Springs; at CloverdaU
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprfngs, Highland Sprm«s, Kelaeyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake pore and Bartlett
Springs; at Vklan, for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Springs, UDDer Lake.. 1 Porno .-Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside.- Lierl«y's. . Bucknell'J.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville. Orr"s Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West*
port. -..'Csal. Wilhts. Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Bell's Sprinss. Harris. OUen'g. Dyer. Scott*
and Eureka. •_:¦. .
Saturday to Monday round-trr»' tickets at re-
duced rates.
¦ On ¦ Sundays round-trtD tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket office. 850 Market street. Chronicle
building. . . /
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTA-V.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary^/' \
&m^S^k 629 HEABST ST. JEatabUshe«V
fij • «LißS tn 1934 for the treatment or I'rlvate
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary^
629 SEABST ST. Established
Im 1*34 for the treatment >>f Private
Diseases. Loot Kaaaeod, Deol'itvor
&?s*£& Si%(lispas«» weurlngim hortyan.l mind and
•aJ WB& SSflSkin Diaenacs. The Doctorcures wi.hb.
¦j3^L^rks!aa nther3 fail. Try him. »'harares low.
iTSazig&aVSEni l'«rr>(saraalfr4. Cullcrwrita,
Or, J. *". «iSß=«ar, aau Francisco. Lai, _ ,STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA OF OCEANIC
LINE COMES IN AHEAD OF TIME
Dn the Run From Honolulu She Beats Her Own Record and Makes
a Splendid Showing, Both in Going and Returning.
THE SCHOONER ALEXANDER AND THE STEAMSHIP NATIONAL CITY IN HEAVY WEATHER OFF FORT
BRAGG. THE STEAMER HAD TO CAST HER TOW ADRIFT AND THE WINDJAMMER IS NOW CLASSED
AMONG THE OVERDUE*.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda arrived from Honolulu
yesterday, a day ahead of time.
She made the run to the Islands
in five days and twenty hours,
end came home in a little more than five
cays and eighteen hours. There was no
k: tempt at speeding the steamship, and
Chief Engineer Horg-an is confident that
few months she will be the crack
vessel of the fleet.
The Alameda brought up among her
cargo thirty sacks ot silver dollars, val
ued at Oa.UOO. When the shipper was
asked the reason for the consignment he
said there was too much silver in Hawaii
end he was paying his debts in that coin
In order to get rid of some of it. A num
ber of silver shipments are expected on
the next steamer, and in this way the
merchants hope to get a little gold into
circulation in the islands.
r Berkhcimer. Lieutenant Colonel
- and Lieuienart Colonel Huer were
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists
fhM MPJV
Jy&3sF(* Strictly Reliable.
*^S'vfl£?i^ The Largest Prac-
'\T r fill 1) tice on the Pa '
\ IXJryj // cific coast.
THERE IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
weakness In a man under fifty years of
ag:*. other than general debility. Premature-.
ness, loss of vitality, etc.. are but symptoms
of some damage to the reproductive system,
caused by a contracted disorder or early dis-
sipation. In looking for the location of this
damage we generally find an enlarged, swollen
and inflamed prostate gland. As this gland Is
the very center of the reproductive system it
ran readily be understood that Inflammation of
It must cause disordered function. These cases
are promptly benefited by proper treatment;
otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse.
The essential point in all of them is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble, in
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness and become discour-
aged, when If an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted instead of tonics a
cure would have been the result. In our ex-
perience there is no drug In the pharmacopeia
taken into the stomach, that will even benefit
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment Is
«-ntirely a local one and prompt results are ob-
tained, as indicated by increased circulation
end return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
which we mail on application, is interesting to
cry one wishing to study the anatomy of the
male.
Contracted Biood Disease
Cured by the Injection Treatment.
After ten years' use of this method we have
had no reason to change; on the contrary, our
belief increases daily from reports of patients
treated who have married and suffered no re-
lapse. It offers the following advantages, viz.:
£a%-es time for the physician and patient, as
¦well as labor, office visits being rendered in-
frequent. Besides, little change is necessary
in diet or habits of life, the disease Is readily
concealed and permanent cure Is effected in a
short time, the stomach Is not drugged and the
precise dosage Is obtainable. The expense also
Is greatly reduced
97 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
JM California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
9:OO a. m.
Hew equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes It the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and -10
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa fe,
£* CHICHCVTCR'B CNOUSH
PENNYROYAL PILLS
W J ,/TKvSn *ATK. *.«»Tirtli»bi« - Ladles Mk Dntffu
A/ LJ^jSk *" CHICHESTEIfS KNOLIBh
r^*.^' 1 . V£O m <M4uuau u«.. mm
J^ £XI S! v ""• ribbon. Tmk* mo othep - ¦***••
,T) «*• «23 ''•Mmn BmWtttatlaM *md Jjalta.
I / . CT **•¦•• Buy or roar Dn^fltt. «• m&4 4«. Is
I » m mtw V for **»r*l«-»l«r«, T*»Hajo»l«lo
\9* E* «"l»RelI <> rfort.»«lt«s"*»U««-.k / r».
— \V. fr t Mali. 1 O.OUO T«i:«oni»j.. gold bj
lUßttas tfcl* papec. Kfttii.,. 6«uu*, fULLX-. *•£
PDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Dt\ U O ilil Or*.O r*. boutbUcta. bat h .
bouses, billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
«s*-er«. flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 60S Sacramento St
among the passengers who came up on
the steamship. They went to the islands
to examine the Pearl Harbor naval sta
tion, and will make a report to the au
thorities at Washington on the matter.
The full list of cabin passengers is as
follows:
W. O. Atwater, Dr. Atherton, C. A. Bruns.
J. E. Byrne and wife, Major Berkheimer, Mrs.
Bowman. W. H. Baugh. E. R. Bath. E. K.
Carson, Fr E. Coombs, H Davis, Lieutenant
Colonel Davis, Miss H. M. Denison,- W. J.
Dyer, E. A. Elliott, C. H. Fairer and wife.
Miss F. Gulnane, O. H. J. Gilbert, Sirs. J. F.
Howell. Lieuteant Colonel W. H. Huer, H. D.
Johnson. Miss Kelly. Captain E. .1. Locke.
!¦!¦• McGnvern. G. D. llahone, S. L». Rurasey,
H. H. BooveL C. Sandahl, Mrs. W. E. Sharp,
Mis.<= X M. Sfverson. R. C. Handel and wife,
F. E. Thompson, V. I. Tenny, wife and child,
J. T. Woolley and wife, Mrs. W. G. Walker,
George Waller and D. Young and wife.
The Alameda will' go to the sugar re
finery this morning, and after discharg
ing will coal and get ready for the return
voyage to Honolulu.
THE ALEXANDER MISSING.
Not Heard From Since Cast Adrift
Off Fort Bragg.
Shipping men and her owner are won
dering what has become of the schooner
AlexiiJider. She left here on November
12 in tow of the steam schooner National
City for Fort Bragg. Up the coast a
very heavy gaie was encountered and the
gteamer had to cast off her tow. This
was on November 14, and the people on
the schooner at once set sail and she
stood out to sea. There was only the
captain and two hands aboard, as the
crew was to be made up at Fort Bragg,
and neither was there an overabundance
of supplies. Since being cast on* by the
steamship nothine has been heard of the
vessel, and if she is still afloat the crew
must be on very short rations.
Alter losing her tow the National City
mace Fort Bragg, and after discharging
loaded for this port and came to San
Francisco, arriving yesterday morning.
The captain s-ays that he lost the Alex
ander curing a heavy gale and had no
means of putting a fresh hawser aboard.
As soon as his vessel is discharged he
will go out to look for the missing vessel.
The Alexander was built in 1877 and
flies the British ring. She was at one
time a steamship, but outlived her use
fulness in that line and was turned into
a "wind Jammer."
La Gironde May Be Saved.
The steamship Ruth arrived from the
south yesterday and brings the news that
the schooner La Gironde may be salved.
Lumber and wrecking machinery was
taken down, and when the Ruth left St.
Nicholas Island the prospects for getting
the schooner off seemed good.
The La Gironde was owned by the E.
K. Wood Lumber Company and was on
her way from San Pedro for San Fran
cisco. In a dense fog she went on to St.
Nicholas Island and the crew deserted
her. "While they were away some men
from San Diego took possession and held
the vessel in spite of a wrecking crew
sent. or. the Samoa to get her off. Then
the La Gironde was sold on the floor of
the Merchants' Exchange to H. P. Squier
for a song and he sent out men on the
Ruth to float her. The people in posses
sion, after consulting an attorney, gave
up everything they had stripped the ves
sel of and also possession. Now the cap
tain of the Ruth reports that with the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Insomnia
Nerve-racked, weary and
heavy-eyed, the head that
seeks repose finds only
ceasless tossing and fever-
ish unrest. Strange fancies
— vague forbodings — fill
the mind with harrowing
thoughts until morning
brings its rasping headache,
irritable temper, and loss of
appetite. Rest the nerves —
build them up — and
gentle, restful, refreshing
sleep will be yours.
"My greatest trouble was sleepless-
ness. I was nervous and restless, and
would toss and roll for hours. Had
no ambition and had to abandon
business. One bottle of Dr. Miles'
Nervine put me on mr feet again."
Simon A. Gibson, Georgetown, His.
D*. Macs'
Nervine
gives that sweet sleep so
grateful to body and mind.
Sold by druggis& on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
first spring tide the La Gironde will be
floated.
Heavy Weather on the Coast.
The steamship John S. Kimball, which
arrived from the Sound Monday night,
had a rough passage. She was caught in
the Columbia River gale and was hove
to for nineteen hours, during which time
the se-as swept her from stem to stern.
Captain Thwing says it was one of the
heaviest blows he ever encountered.
At Grays Harbor the schooners Alcalde
and A. J. West dragged their anchors
and came together. Neither was badly
damaged by the accident, but the West
lost an anchor and forty-five fathoms of
chair, while the Alcalde lost an anchor
and thirty fathoms of chain.
Twelve vessels were bar bound at
Giays Harbor while the storm raged out
side, but yesterday four of them managed
to get cut and make a start for San
Francisco.
Water Front Notes.
Two red pciled bulls for the Hawaiian
Islands are now awaiting shipment in
Morehead's stables on the front. They
came from Ohio on the overland and are
for Paul Isenberg of Honolulu. They will
be shipped on one of the Williams Di
mond & Co. line of vessels.
The brig Galilee arrived from the isl
ands yesterday after a fair run of eight
en and a half days.
The passengers on the Alameda gave a
testimonial to Captain Herriman on the
downward trip of the vessel, thanking
him and his officers for courtesies ex
tended.
The Australia will be due from Tahiti
Thursday morning, but will probably be
a few hours late in reaching port.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The German ship Sirene is chartered for
wheat at Portland to Europe 39» prior to ar
rival.
The schooner Ottille Fjord will load redwood
at Kureka for Hiio.
Shipments of Grain.
The French bark Due d'Aumale was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 67,424
ctls wheat valued at $68,768 and 20,000 ft lumber
ac dunnage valued at $200.
The Italian ship Francesca Ciampa was al«o
cleared yesterday for Queenstown for orders
S'i£v 57 >210 ctls barley valu«,i at $51,300 and
2,000 ft lumber dunnage valued at $300.
The British bark Isabel Browne which was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown for order
f!^! e< i 44>952 ctls wheat valued at $t6.700 and
16,000 it lumber dunnage valued at $240
The Newport's Cargo.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer Newport,
which sailed Monday for Panama and way
ports, carried a general cargo valued at $81,196,
exclusive of some in transit. The cargo was
manifested and destined as follows: For Mex
ico. $15,246; Central America, $63,706; Panama
$2244. The following were the principal shipl
ments: .
t^-i^wST ?.' 012 " lumber 384 Pkgs car ma
terial, 50 bdl a brooms. 7 cs bread, 51 cs canned
goods, 8 bales domestics, 6 pkgs'electrlcal sup
plies. 19 pkgs fruit, 51 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 183 pkg 8 hardware. 341 lbs ham 57
bdls iron, 25.012 ft lumber, 344 lbs milTstuffs
109 pkg machinery. 7 kegs nails. 50 Ins nuts'
26 pkgs paints and oils. 28 crs potatoes 20 pkg 8
paste. 4 pkg s rope. 1998 railroad ties, 30 cs
Steals 1 wfn'e 8 BhO ° k6> « «-. tallow. 10
To Central America— 2s cs firearms. 20 pkes
agricultural implements and machinery 47 ctls
barley. 361 lbs bread. 100 lbs beans 829 tbl
copper. 51 cs canned goods. 120 bale's cotton
2630 gals coal oil, 3433 lbs corn. 300 A?* codfish'
20 eg drugs, 121 bales domestics. IS pkgs dry
goods. 752 IDs dried fruit. 3352 bbls flour 26
pkgs furniture. 105 bxs fruit, 173 pkes ; gro
ceries and provisions. 554 pkgs hardware 837
IT>s hops. 1 cs hats. 1380 lbs ham and bacon
7 pkgs leather. 39.416 ft lumber, 5548 lbs lard'
23,620 lbs malt. 40 pkgs machinery, 7295 lbs
mMstuffs. 54 kegs nails, 508 lbs nuts 3 crs
onions, 275 crs potatoes, 30 bdls paper ' 7 nk~s
§?«f. " 3 P ,K" Points and oils. 100 kegs" powder
8.7W £* rice. 9370 Its resin 36 pkgs rope
2», 113 lbs raisins, 680 lbs. starch. 35 pkgs ship
chandlery. 11 c s soap. 6519 Tbs da ash. 4050
lbs soda. 200 cs salmon. 100 lbs spices 60 bars
steel, 136 lbs tobacco, 96.607 lbs tallow 142 sals
lee^cs whisky. 7SO bdls wire, 4 cs 2651 gals
To Panama— sso bbls flour, 7cs drugs.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
_; 4 , Tuesday, November 19.
from m Ho*nolufu a ' HetTlman - 5 d^» 18% hours
Hlrford 1 * CrUZ ' Hlnkle 27 hours «rom Port
Peel™ Rut a. Annndsen ' 66 hours from Ban
Bo^Ss Sin*'. Genereau *' * hours from
from r Gr^ nl Ha^o? d - Christlans 13 hours
H?nof Gal " ' Helllngsen. 18% <j a ys . from
Schr Minnie A Came. Olsen, 9 days from Eu-
CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 19.
e rk°| f n. C i l^ lU - Thomas san Die :
Ital ship Francesco Ciampa. Cacace, Queens
town; Sol WanKenhelm & Co
J *Moore k & D Co d ' Aumale> ?° 3u Queenstown; "J
Br bark Isabel Browne, Jones, Queenstown- :
Eppinger & Co.
Whaling bark California; Joseph; Wm Lewis.
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 19.
A^tori 1 "? Ge ° W Eld<>r> Randal1 ' Portland and
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, Hardy Creek
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos - Bay * "
Stmr Gipsy. Lcland, Santa Cruz
Stmr Ruth, Annndsen, Mendocino. -
Stmr Coquille River,- Hansen, Fort Bragg
Br ship Harlech Castle. Evans. Queenstown
Fr bark Marguerite Molinos, David, Queens
town. ?. - ¦ ": . >•. ¦ ¦ .•¦ i • »
Schr Conflanza. Olsen, • Iversens Landing."- -
Schr Mary Sachs, • Linbridge, - Clipperton
Island. - ; ¦..-."•¦ . •
Schr John F Miller. Hansen, Coos Bay.
MISCELLANEOUS. :
HOQUIAM. Wash,' Nov IG— Friday night
while anchored in lower harbor, schr A J
West lost one : anchor > and 145 1 fathoms chain;
schr Alcalde lost one anchor and 30 fathoms
chain. These vessels drifted together, with
slight damage to rigging of A J West. About
twelve vessels- now ready for sea are bar
bound.' ... ' :..'-•-¦'"': ..' -•-¦'"' ¦'-¦¦ '
LONDON, Nov 19— Fr bark ' Salnte Anne,
loading at Swansea for' San Francisco, has
been damaged by an explosion.
LEGAL TANGLE
AIDS OFFENDERS
Supreme Court of Ha
waii Reaffirms Its
Decision.
Question of the Constitution's
Operation Causes
Trouble.
HONOLULU, Nov. 14.— The Hawaiian
Supreme Court has reaffirmed its deci
sion, Galbraith dissenting, that after the
transfer of the sovereignty of these isl
ands to the United States persons could
be lawfully convicted of crime without
the intervention of a Grand Jury, or oy
a verdict of nine jurors. The question
turns on whether the United States con
stitution* applied in Hawaii after the pas
sage of the Newlands resolution.
Since the last Supreme Court decision
on the question. United States Judge Es
tee has rendered a decision the other way,
declaring convictions by majority verdicts
to be void; also convictions without Grand
Jury indictments. Tne Circuit courts con
tinue to hold the same way as Estee, re
fusing to follow the Supreme Court de
cision. As a result retrials are being had
of prisoners held to have been illegally
convicted, while it is admitted that the
Supreme Court will knock out decisions.
Estee and the Circuit courts refuse to
sustain the old trials, so that between
the two the prisoners appear to have a
good chance of escape.
There is much agitation going on for
an extra session of the Legislature. Most
of the Government departments are se
riously handicapped by lack of funds, and
those who want an extra session say that
the lawmakers should be given an op
portunity to pass some revenue producing
measures. Governor Dole is reported to
be firmly against such a session and the
opponents of the idea say that he will not
call a session.
The Circuit Court bailiff act, under
which all the Circuit courts of the isl
ands have been proceeding ever since the
Legislature adjourned last spring, has
been attacked in Judge Humphreys' court
by Attorney A. G. M. Robertson in be
half of a defendant indicted for perjury.
The act authorizes bailiffs of the Circuit
Courts to summon grand and trial jurors.
If it should be declared invalid the en
tire criminal proceedings throughout the
Territory for eight months past will fall
with it, and scores of prisoners will be
set free or will have to be indicted and
tried asrain. The act is attacked on the
ground that it did' not pass each house
of the Legislature three times, as re
quired by law, and also on other technical
grounds.
COLONEL OF MARINES
BEFORE COURT-MARTTAL
Witnesses Tell of Alleged In'.oxica
tion of an Officer at Brooklyn
Navy Yard.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Colonel Robert
L. Meade, commanding officer of the ma
rine barracks at the Brooklyn Navy
\ard, faced a court-martial to-day in the
paymaster's building at the yard on
charges preferred against him by Major
C. H. Lauchheimer and Colonel L. F.
Denny. The oliicer is accused of drunk
enness while on duty and scandalous con
duct. The members ot the court are Rear
Admiral George W. Sumner, Captain
George E. Wiiae, Colonel James Forney,
Captain E. Cook, Captain F. E. Chad
wick, Captain B. P. i^amberton, Captain
R. BJ. AValker. Captain George W. Pig
man and Captain C. M. Cnester. The
judge advocate is Lieutenant E. P. Nie
black, assisted by Captain B. F. Button.
Only two witnesses were examined to
day, the first frting Colonel Denny, who
made a direct charge of Intoxication and
unbecoming conduct. In his testimony
he said that on March IS, April 30 and
July 18 of this year, while on a tour of
inspection of the marine barracks he, in
company with William A. Boring, had
come in contact with Colonel Meade. who,
he said, was inebriated to the extent of
drunkenness, and that he was incapable
of performing his duties as an officer.
Boring testified that Colonel Meade act
ed in a very erratic manner, and while
talking on business appertaining to pro
posed improvements Colonel Meade had
acted in a very strangp way. which the
witness described as having been caused
by intoxication.
DUKE AND DUCHESS
MUST BE DIVORCED
Kaiser Informed That "Insuperabls
Personal Aversion" Exists Be
tween Them.
LONDON, Ncv. IS.— Truth to-morrow
will say that the hereditary Prince )f
Hohenlohe-Langenburg and the Prince of
Hohenlohe-Oehringen visited Empero
William at Porrdam November 15 and ac
quainted him with the iact that the Graiul
Duke and Grasid Duthtss of Hesse would
be divorced on the ground of "insuper
able personal aversion, " all efforts to ar
range a modus Vivendi having failed.
Depot Looted, Robber Killed.
WICHITA, Kans., Nov. 19.— At Hutchi
son last night the Missouri Pacific depot
was entered by burglars. Dynamite
cracked a wall in the building. The
ticket clerk, who slept upstairs, was not
awakened by the explosion. Afterward
one of the robbers was found dead with
a bullet hole in his heart, and it is not
known who shot him.
MEMPHIS, Term., Nov. 19.— The tow steamer
Ft-rii Harpwig struck a hidden obstruction this
afternoon near Randolph and sank in ten feet
of water. The crew escaped. The Harpwig was
valued at $40,UC0.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov IS, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind BE, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov is— Schr Oceania
Vance, for Eureka.
PORT LUDL.OW— Arrived Nov 19— Schr Wm
Olsen, hence Nov 9.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Arcata,
hence Nov 16.
Arrived Nov 19— Schr Mary E Russ, hence
Nov IS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov IS-Stmr
Scotia, hence Nov 18.
Sailed Nov IS— Schr Ocean Spray, for San
Francisco.
EURKK A— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Westport,
hence Nov 17; Br bark Collinerove, from
Shanghai; schr Mary Dodge, from Honolulu;
Kchr Vega, from Port Harford.
Sailed Nov 18— Stmrs Brunswick and Alli
ance, tor San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Pomona, hence Nov
IS; stmr San Pedro, hence Nov 18; Btmr laqua,
hence Nov 18; stmr Aberdeen, hence Nov 18;
schr Fortuna. hence Nov ti; schr Occidental,
hence Nov 16.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 19— Br stmr Indra
pura, from Hongkong; Ger ship Emilie, from
Valparaiso; schr Joseph Russ, hence Nov 6
Sailed Nov 19— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco; Ger ship Werra, for United Kingdom.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov 19— Stmr Wash
tenaw, hence Nov IE, tor Tacoma; Nor Btmr
Titania, hence Nov 16, for Nanalmo.
Passed in Nov 19— Schr William Renton. from
San Pedro, for New Whatcom.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr W H Kru
gcr, from Eureka.
Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Geo Loomis, hence Nov
18, and sailed for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 19— Schr Spo
kane, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr
Mineola, for Nanaimo.
Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Alcatraz, from Fort
Bragg.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 17— Schr A F
Coats for San Pedro; schr C A Thayer, for
San Pedro; schr Alcalde, for San Francisco;
schr Muriel, for San Francisco. Nov 18— Schr
Henry Wilson, for San Francisco: schr A B
Johnson, for San Francisco; schr Laura Mad
sen, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 17— Schr Wempe Brothers, from
San Pedro. Nov IS— Schr R C Slade. from
Honolulu; achr James H Bruce, from Santa
Barbara; «chr Llllebonne, from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAlLUA— Arrived Nov 6— Schr Aloha, hence
Oct 16.
KAHULUl— Arrived Nov 6— Bark W B Flint
hence Oct 14.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 10— v S stmr Kll
patrick. hence Nov 1. Nov 11— Stmr American,
.hence Nov 2; bark S C Allen, hence Oct 29
Nov 12— Ship Charmer, from Tacoma Nov 13—
Bark R P Rithet, hence Oct 26
Sailed Nov 10— Schr Dauntless, for Port
Townsend; schr Helene, for San Francisco.
| Nov 11— U S stmr Kllpatrtck, for Manila. Nov
Thousands of Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy SWAMP-ROOT Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of THE CALL May Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
TO READERS OF THE CALL:
"About 18 months ago I had a very severe spell of sickness. I was extremely sick
for three weeks, and when I finally was able to leave my bed I was left with excruciating
pains in my back. -My .water at times looked very like coffee. I could pass but little at
a time, and then only after suffering great pain. My physical condition was such that I
had no strength and was all run down. The doctors said my kidneys were not affected,
and while I . •. ; . "> -
. Did Not Know I Had Kidney Trouble,
•I ' somehow felt certain that my kidneys were the cause of my trouble. My sister, Mr*.
C. E. Littlefleld of Lynn, advised me to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I pro-
cured a bottle ¦ and inside of three days commenced to get relief. I followed up that bottle
with another, and at the completion of this one found I was completely cured. My strength
.returned and to-day . I am as well as ever. My business is that of canvasser. I am on my
feet a great deal of the time, and have to use much energy in getting around. My cure
is therefore all the more remarkable, and Is exceedingly gratifying to me."
• , 117 High Rock St.. Lynn. Mass. -^M--^-^^?^^'^'
Swamp-Root So Pleasant to Take.
"You have no idea how well I feel. I am
satisfied that I do not need any more medicine,
as I am In as good health as I ever was in
my life." So says Mrs. Mary Engelhard of
2835 Madleon street, St. Louis, Mo., to a re-
porter of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
"For more than ten years I suffered with
what the doctors termed female trouble; also
heart trouble, with swelling of the feet and
limbs. Last summer I felt so badly that I
thought I had not long to live. I consulted
doctor after doctor and took their medicines,
but felt no better. A friend recommended me
to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and I must
say I derived immense benefit almost from the
first week. I continued the medicine, taking
it regularly, and I am now in splendid health.
The pains and sches have all gone. I hava
recommended Swamp-Root to all my friends,
and told them what it has done for me. I
will gladly ansv.-er any one who desires to write
me regarding my case. I most heartily indorse
Swamp-Root from every standpoint. There is
such a pleasant taste to Swamp-Root, and it
goes right to the weak .spots and drives them
out of the system."
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Sent Free,
If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney, liver or bladder trouble, or if
there Is a" trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binghamton, N. V., who will gladly send you by mall, immediately, without cost
to you, a sample bottle or' the wonderful remedy, Swamp-Root, and a book con-
taining many of the housands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from
men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure to say that you read
this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
12— Schr Nokomis, for Port Townsend; schr
Maggie C Russ, for Port Townsend; bktn Irm
gard, for San Franctsco.
To sail Nov 13— Schr Maria E Smith, for
Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Nov 19— Ger stmr Totmes,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Nov 18— Ship A
J Fuller, from Cape Town.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Sonoma,
hence Oct 24.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
ANTOFOGASTA— SaiIed Nov lfr-Schr Fred
J Wood, for Port Townsend.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Nov 2— Br ship
Ivernia, for Tacoma. ,
PANAMA— Arrived Nov 18— Chil itmr Tuca
pel, from Valparaiso, for San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 6— Chil stmr Palena, for San
Francisco. Nov IS— Br stmr Chili, for San
Francisco.
TABLE BAY— In port Oct 14— Br ship
Crrmi-ton, for San Francisco, via Newcastle,
Aus.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov 14 —Br stnir
Athenian, from Victoria.
! HAMBURG — In port Nov 14— Ger bark Als
terschwan, for Honolulu.
DL'NGENESS— Passed Nov 16— Ger bark Paul
Isenlf-rg, from Bremen, for Honolulu.
MANILA-Sailed Ncv 3— Dutch stmr Wilhel
mir.a, for Mojl. Nov 18— Br Btmr Polatlnla,
for Nagasaki.
Arrived Nov 18— Bark Reaper, from Port
Gamble.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, for Bremen, via Ply
mouth; stmr Bovlc, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Cuflc,
from New York.
MORORAN— SaiIed Nov 16— Stmr Federic,
for Portland, Or.
LlZAßD— Passed Nov 20. 1:15 a m— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York, for Southamp
i ton.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20.
Sun rises 6:56
Sun sets • * :att
Moon sets 0:34 a. m.
Time Time TimA Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L, \V
20 .. 6:34 5.3 12:48 1.7 6:46 4.2
LWHW L W H W
21 033 1.3 7:14 5.5 1:38 1.0 8:00 4.3
2 " 1:24 1.6 7:56 5.8 2:30 0.3 9:10 4.5
23 2:12 1.9 8:36 \2 3:20—0.4 10:11 4.7
24 3:02 2.1 9:19 0.5 4:09—0.9 11:10 4.8
25 . 3:48 2.2 10:04 6.7 5:00—1.3
H W L. W IHW L \V|
26 ... 0:03 4.91 4:33] 2.7] 10:45 6.7 5:441—1.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tMe
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco., Cal.,
November 19. 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
We show here one of the most unique and useful articles on earth.
It is a Hat Rack made from a Mississippi Rifle and makes a most
durable ornament for hall or bedroom. Its four hooks will hold a great
deal, and, besides, it is something that is not seen often. A relic of Civil
War times; only, instead of keeping the gun ready for use in a rack on
the wall, you keep it for use as a rack. It's a limited and tempting offc
at $3.00 and makes a fine Christmas present.
THIS *18 XAYNART> CARBINE which we «>oke of In our last ad. Is
the blggejt bargain we have. The lightest and best cartrldgs gun used by the sol-
diers In the Civil War. It 1* still a very useful thing to own. For Hunting Sport-
ing, Target Shooting or Defense it Is unsurpassed by the most modern rifle \Ve
give 20 cartridges FREE with this gun, and we're celling hundred* daily for
W, S. KIRK, 517 Market Street, San Francisco.
DR. XrLMEH'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Made a New Woman of Me.
"During three years I was frequently at-
tacked with severe spells of sickness; many of
these sick spells kept me in bed, dangerously
ill, from three weeks to three months, under
the constant care of the best physicians of
Kansas rity. The doctors never told me I
had anything the matter of my kidneys, but
I did not know for sure.
"Some doctors pronounced my case gall
stones, and said I could not live without a sur-
gical operation, to which I would never con-
sent. A friend suggested I try Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root. I began to take Swamp-Roct
regularly, and when I had used only three sC-
cent bottles I felt fine and was able to do more
work than I had done in four years. It has
made a new woman of me. I have had only
one slight attack since I began to take Swamp-
Root, and that was caused by being drenched
with rain and catching cold. Stomach trouble
had bothered me for years and had become
chronic. I am now 44 years of age and feel
much younger than I did ten years ago. I
frec-ly give this testimonial for the benefit of
those who have suffered as I have."
Proprietress of Crisweil House, 211 "W. Fifth
st., Kansas City, Mo.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. c.. at noon of the 12Oth meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant, V. S. Navy, in Charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Hteamer I From. j Duo.
Ramaes ! Seattle |Nov. 20
Crescent City. Crescent City Nov. 20
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor ,Nov. 20
Matteawan Tacoma jNov. 2C
Progrcso Seattle iNov. 20
Coronado San Pedro |Nov. 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Nov. 21
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 21
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 21
Point Arena... Point Arena iNov. 21
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. INov. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 21
laqua Humboldt Nov. ?1
Australia Tahiti [Nov. 21
Santa Barbara Humboldt (Nov. 22
Kobe. JJollar... Seattle & Hadlock Nov. 22
ManJalay Coqullle River | Nov. 22
Hyaaes New York via PanamaiNov. 'v
Washtenaw Tacoma INov. 23
San Pedro Humboldt i Nov. 23
Eureka Humboldt I Nov. 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor iNov. 23
City of Puebla Puget bound Ports INov. i 3
Totmes Seattle I Nov. 23
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 24
Valparaiso & Way PtslNov. 21
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 25
En'.pirs Coos Bay Nov. 2i
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. .Nov. 25
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. |Nov. 23
Doric China and Japan Nov. 26
tJ. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Nov. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 27
North Fork.... Humboldt Nov. 27
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 28
TO SAIL,.
. Steamer. Destination. Sails, j Pier.
November 20.
Empire Coos Bay 3 pm; Pier 13
Gr. D011ar.... Grays Harbor spm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
I November 21.
Alliance i Portland & Coos B. 10 am Pier 16
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt..... 9 am Pier 2
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma. II) am Pier 2
November 22.
Rainier ' Seattle & N. What. spm Pier 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 3
November 23.
Ramses....... Hamburg & Way.. — m Pier 27
Arcata....... . Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
. Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
.. . . November 24.
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 23
Santa Rosa.. I San Diego & Way. 9am Pier 11
Columbia I Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
November • 23.
Mandalay iCoquille River 5 pm Pier 2
! November 26.
i Rival.. Willapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 3
' • " - November 2T.
City Puebla.. j Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
i November 28.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
November 29.
G.W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am | Pier 24
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
San 8ia5..'.... Panama & way — 13 m PMSS
Australia Tahiti direct 110 am Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due.
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 21
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 24
Kxt-Plslor Cooks Inlet & Way.... Nov. 25
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports|D«c. 2
Women as Well as Men Are Made
Miserable by Kidney aod
Bladder Troubles.
It used to be considered that only uri-
nary and bladder troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all disease*
have their beginning In the disorder of
these most important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work. So when your kidneys
are weak or out of order you can under-
stand how quickly your entire body is af-
fected, and how every organ seems to fail
to do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin
taking the famous new discovery. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one.
Many women suffer untold misery became
the nature of their disease >> not correctly
understood; in most cass they are Ud to
bi/ieve that womb trouble cr female weakness
of some sort is responsible for their many
ills, when in fact disordered kidneys are the
chief cause of their distressing troubles.
Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the
back, weakness or bearing down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine,
with strong odor, frequent desire to pass
it night or day, with scalding or burning
sensation— these are all unmistakable
signs of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there is any doubt in your mind as
to your condition, take from your urine
on rising about four ounces, place it in
a Rlass or bottle and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination it is milky
or cloudy, if there Is a brick dust settling,
or if tmall particles float about in it, your
kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
tion.
Other symptoms showing that you need
Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness,
irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow,
unhealthy complexion, plenty of ambi-
tion, but no strength.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and Is
used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private
practice, and is taken by doctors them-
selves, because they recognize in it the
greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar bottles at the drug stores every-
where.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—or—
TIE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE . COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IS THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending: on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. '
CAPITAL^
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $ 400.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 187.0J8 S3
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 118,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company C 55.700 00
Cash in Company's Office 12,963 S3
Cash in Banks 33,362 S3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 1.78192
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,343 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion M 0,039, 039 30
I Rents due and accrued — 1,005 34
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3,498 Si
Total Assets .*. $1.358,70« 08
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 27,813 49
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 87.123 5*
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,809 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run- :
ning one year or less, $540,119 50:
reinsurance 50 per cent.. 270,059 75
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning more than one year. $789.-
: 445 82: reinsurance pro rata 181.053 37
. Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc .' 18.818 90
All other liabilities 42,092 63
Total Liabilities $805.570 73
INCOME. " :
Net cash actually received for Fire
L premiums $ 523.541 43 '
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages : 18,350 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources .'. ...:. 29,747 SO
Received for Rents 7.117 79
Received from all other sources 13,038 36
Total Income 1398.145 54
EXPENDITURES. ~ T*
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $124,935 60, losses of pre-
vious years) • | «74.708 09
Dividends to Stockholders 32.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commissions or
Brokerage 152.443 34
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 150 9M 64
Paid for Btate, National and Local
taxes .-. 41,134 $)
All other payments and expenditures 43,634 48
Total Expenditures .51.095.859 «4
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $863,343 73
Ricks and Premiums! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ViVV tIIS.IIB.MI H. 259,244 95
Net amount of Risks
expired during the -
year m.»8,»84 1,309,97$ IS
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.. 133.751.835 1,309.565 33
G. LEE STENT. President.
W. H. GUERIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this. nth
day of January, 1901.
. R. 8. STEADMAN. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT 1 "
G» W. Me NEAR, General Agent,
WILLARD O. WAYMAN, Manager,
420 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Vtift^T* l ; i.(lHJki:^
ijJßp j&9 aaaSsUßSaaSßßaasslßaad '
<£JJ£JSB? INJECTION. I
!; A PERMANENT CURE I
] 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea <| ,
\ and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
I [ days ; no other treatment required. . 5
.5 .'•• •" Sold by all druggists. -5
THE WEEKLY CALL
i $1 per Year.
34
TACOMA BANK
FAILS TO OPEN
Scared Depositors Begin
a "Run" on the Met
ropolitan.
George Vanderbilt Loses in
Financial Operations
on the Sound,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 19— The Metropolitan
Bank failed to open for business this
morning. The bank experienced a heavy
"run" yesterday, caused by a suit brought
for the appointment of a receiver for the
Metropolitan Savings Bank, which went
into liquidation in May, 1898. Small stock
holders confused the names of the two
banks and believed that legal trouble
threatened the Metropolitan. Some began
:.g their funds on Saturday and
¦ rday the "run" became general. Be
d $90,000 and $90,000 was paid out dur
ing the day to small depositors. Business
firms did not become aiarmed because
they were assured by President Caesar
that the bank had sufficient convertible
ta to provide funds for any ordinary
c xigency.
The clearing-house banks yesterday
provided the Metropolitan with $50,000 In
pold, taking in return its best securities.
The clearing-house met last night and de
cided not to supply further funds unless
the bank itself could obtain a certain
sum by this mornings
President Caesar is a nephew of William
K. and George Vanderbilt and has other
influential Eastern connections. He ap
parently expected last night to obtain
money from this source, but failed. The
bank accordingly did not open and on ap
plication of Caesar Dwight Phelps, a
money-lender, was appointed receiver by
Judge Chapman.
Cause of the Failure.
No statement of the bank's condition
lias been made. Its capital stock Is $50,000
and the deposits nearly $500,000. Part of
its assets comprise notes and real estate
—security which other banks did not be
lieve could be realized upon quickly. Es
timates of the amount it will pay out
through the receivership vary from" 30 to
ter cent.
The failure of the bank is directly uue
to the liquidation of the old Metropolitan
Savings Bank by George Vanderbilt dur
):ig the summer of IS9S. He became inter
ested in this bank through a loan on the
banks building and eventually acquired
a controlling interest. Vanderbilt finally
decided to close the bank and sent Charles
McNamee of North Carolina, his confi
dential business agent here, to carry out
the liquidation plan. Vanderbilt advanced
money to pay every depositor in full. Only
four claims remained unsettled, the chief
befnc a note for $18,000 pledged as se
curity to the New Ycrk National Ex
change Bank. This bank at first declined
t<- accept settlement offered by McXamoe.
but in November of last year accepted
such settlement in the sum of $5000. ac
cording to allegations of the officers of
the defunct Metropolitan Savings Bank.
The bank was dissatisfied with this and
-iday last began suit in the Superior
Court for collection of the full amount
on a judgment obtained last August. In
ibis suit it is alleged that the debts of
Metropolitan Saving:? Bank were $30^.-
Ni in txwss of its assets and requested !
- appointment of a receiver.
Vanderbilt Loses Heavily.
Philip Caesar and T. W. Enos were
president and vice president of the Metro
politan Savings Bank. On the day the
announcement was made that the bank
would go into liquidation tiiey opened th«
Metropolitan Bank, themselves being the
chief stockholders. It is understood that j
George Vanderbilt paid them $50,000 for
permitting him to liquidate the old bank, j
Y/iih this money they started the new j
bank. It cost George Vanderbilt $206,000
to liquidate the Metropolitan Savings |
Bark and close out the other Tacoma
property. Through the bank he obtained
he Tacoma Theater, which
had been mortgaged to an Eastern insur
ance company for a large sum. He gave
the insurance company a quit claim deed
to his interest, and by this transaction
lost $60. ¦
Both Vanderbilt and McXamee were
cis-gusted with their banking experience
here. The property on which Vanderbilt's j
.<- occurred was acquired on loans j
made before Caesar became president. {
His predecessor in that office was Linus i
E. Post, who suddenly disappeared in 1&&5.
owing the bank a large sum. and has .
• r been heard from since.
James L* Baron Johnson, who created a !
MOKtion last summer by eloping to Eu- •
rope with Miss Mary Hoffman of San
Francisco, was cashier of the Metropoli- :
ten Savings Bank for several years bt
fore returning to New York to study the
under Rector Huntinffton of Grace '
Church.
GROUND IB BROKEN
FOR RAILWAY SHOFS
The Huntington-Hellman Syndicate
Rushing- Work on Its Inter-.
Urban Lines.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— Ground for
the new Hunungton-Hellman railway
shops was broken to-day and work on
the foundation ¦will begin Thursday. The
new buildings will require a quarter of a
mile of ground and the principal car re-
I air and machine shops will be com
pleted in seventy days.
The Huntington-Hellman syndicate is
rushing to completion several inter
urban electric lines to connect with their
already extensive system. The large en
terprises of the syndicate contemplate, it
is said, the expenditure of $1,500,008 a year
for several years in the vicinity of Los
Angeles.
Drowned While Skating
DULUTH, Minn.. Nov. 19.— Miss Belle
Woods, aged 25; Charles P. Vallency.
aged 26. and Stanley McLeod.- aged 24
skated into an airhole in St. Louis Bay
about 10 o'clock to-night and were
drowned.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FBEfTO MEfir
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the Statf Mediral Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
- manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
Treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form cf sexual weakness resulting
from youthful foily, premature loss of
jrth and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
1 hem stives at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strenetn
and development juet where It j £ needed
It cures all the iils and troubles that come
from year* of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been axi absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, S2B Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
- of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delaj.
t
LAVISH ENTERTAINMENT OF RAILROAD MEN
DURING THEIR BRIEF SOJOURN IN THE CITY
Large Party Visits Summit of Mount Tamalpais, Where Several Pleasant Hours Are
Spent, While Others of the Visitors Enioy a Ride on the Bay.
MANY of the members of the
Traveling Passenger Agents"
Association who are guests of
San Francisco were up bright
and early yesterday morning to
avail themselves of the opportunity to
visit the summit of Mount Tamalpais.
Sidney B. Cushing and Charles F. Run
yon were at the ferry landing to greet
the visitors and extend to them a hearty
welcome.
The trip on the ferry-boat Sa\isalito
was greatly enjoyed by the railroad men.
and the many points of interest on the
bay were pointed out to them by the lo
cal delegates.
On arriving at Mill Valley the guests
found cars awaiting them and they were
soon or. the way to the summit of the
mountain. Unfortunately a heavy fog
hung over the mountain and the scenery
was marred by It. General Warfield was
on the platform of the tavern to meet
the party, having left the city the nfght
before to make arrangements for the
entertainment of the visitors. After a
substantial luncheon President Clair of
the association formally thanked the
MEXIC-CHINESE
STEAMSHIP LINE
M. F. Tarpey Interested
in New Trans-Pacific
Project.
There is a project on foot to establish a
i line of steamships between China and
Mexico. A company has been organized
with that object in view. M. F. Tarpey.
representing the Hearst estate in Mexico.
; and John P. Bennett, a local attorney who
; ha 6 frequently appeared as counsel for
Ho Vow, the Chinese diplomat, are the
organizers* and prime movers of the new
enterprise. An act is now before the
Mexican Congress providing concessions
necessary for the inauguration of the new
line. In the southern republic there is no
pronounced sentiment against an ingress
of Chinese, and the Congress will in all
probability sanction the concessions.
The act provides for the establishment
of two steamship lines, one to communi
cate directly with China and the Orient,
and the other to confine itself to trading
on the Pacific Coast and in the Gulf of
Lower California- The company Is to
have the right of fishing in the Gulf of
Lower California and to import free of
all duties rice, tea, nut oil, smoked and
dried meats and salt eggs, provided that
these provisions' be employed for the ex
clusive use of Chinese in the service of
the steamship company. The company
guarantees the Mexican Government that
it will have the lines in operation two
years hence. The concessions are to hold
good for fifteen years.
May Be for Benefit of Mongolian?.
From what traffic the new company
hopes to derive support for its steamships
is not stated In the act conferring the
concessions. Nor has the company seen
fit to otherwise make known what great
profit exists in Mexican trade to warrant
the establishment of direct communica
tion between that country and China.
The facility of communication that ex
ists between Mexico and this country has
; given rise to the supposition that the
; steamship line Is to be established in order
| to enable Chinese desiring entrance into I
I the Vnited States to evade the exclusion
| act. If this Is the purpose of the new
. company, its plans are certainly lngeni- I
ously arranged, as after Chinese have
once secured admission into Mexico it
will be impossible to exclude them from
the United States.
The people of Mexico, with a country
whose area is equal almost to that of
the Lnited States and capable of sustaln-
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
SOME OF THE ENTERTAINERS AND INCIDENTS OF THE TRAVELING PASSENGER AGENTS' VISIT.
» _
railroad companies and General WarfieH
for their unbounded hospitality. Mrs.
Turner, Colonel Hitchcock and General
Warfield made short addresses. The
party returned to tne city on tile even
ing train.
Those of the visitors who did not go to
Tamalpais were given a ride around the
bay on the steamship San Pablo as guests
ing a population of 200,000.000, certainly
have no fear of being inundated by cheap
Asiatic labor. Especially they do not fear
this as the peons, the people who do the
servile work in Mexico, labor as cheaply
and live as economically as the Chinese.
When the Chinese once land on Mexican
soil it will require a small army of patrol
men on the border to keep them out of
this country. The new company Is prlvi
liged to disembark its passengers any
where on the Mexican coast, which is
more than 1000 miles in extent.
Local Chinese Merchants Involved.
The very fact that the concessions pro
vide that the fishing stations of the new
company shall be in the Gulf of Califor
nia gives strength to the supposition that
the whole project is but a clever scheme
by which Chinese may be smuggled into
the United States. It is rumored that
the Chinese merchants of this city have
subscribed $30,000 toward the securing of
the requisite concessions from the Mexi
can Government.
Another very peculiar, not to say suspi
cious feature about the enterprise, is the
provision granting the company two years
in which to establish the new lines. It
will be remembered that the Chinese
diplomats who are fighting against the re
enactment of the exclusion act are de
manding that the act be suspended for at
least two years. If at the end of that
time, they say. the people 'of the United
States desire to revive the exclusion act,
the Chinese will not object. It would al
most seem that the Chinese hope that if
the exclusion act is allowed to lapse now
and be re-enacted two years hence they
will then have the means of evading it In
the new steamship line.
Chinese landed at the Isthmus of Pana
ma could make their way easily across
the Gulf of Mexico and gain arim'ission to
this country through the Southern States
K"ew Steamship Company Formed.
Articles of incorporation of the Beadle
Steamship Company were filed yesterday.
The capital stock of che new company '.a
$205,000. all of which a subscribed The
directors are A. W. Beadle. N. H. FranK^
R. J. Tyson. A. J. Marcus and Georsre
Fritch.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KEEP YOUR HEAD UNCOVERED.
The Constant Wearing of a Hat
Propagates Dandruff Germs.
There are many men who wear their
hats practically all the time when awake,
and are blessed with a heavy shock of
hair; yet if the scalps of these same men
once became Infested with dandruff
germs, the parasites would multiply all
the quicker for lack of air. Baldness
would ensue as the final reeult. Newbro's
Herpicide kills these germs and stimu-
lates unhealthy hair to abundant growth.
Herpicide is a pleasant hair dressing as
well as a dandruff cure and contains not
an atom of injurious substances.
of the Santa Fe Railway. The steamer
left the wharf at 1 o'clock and there were
fully one hundred and fifty guests on
board. The company entertained the
railroad men royally. Stark's orchestra
accompanied the party, a splendid lunch
eon was served and a most enjoyable aft
ernoon was passed. The Union Iron
Works, Angel Island, the forts and other
BOSS MACHINE
OUT OF GEAR
Lynch May Give All
His Time to Help
Herrin.
California is ably represented in Con
gress by two Republican United States
Senators and seven Republican Represen
tatives. Every member of the solid dele
gation is fully alive to the importance of
I tne Chinese exclusion act. They will
j doubtless carefully observe the proceed
; ings of the convention called to meet in
j this city to-morrow. If any agitator or
I aspiring politician jumps in to maKe po
j liucal capital of the question Involved the
| fact will not escape the observation of
I the delegation, a discredited newspaper
has thrown out the slur that the business
Men s Club, whien gave such nearty sup
port to Representative Kahn in the last
general election, is in favor of Chinese
immigration. The little slur signifies that
the yellow press is preparing for a cam
paign of detraction and discurd. Nothing
will be left undone to embarrass the Con
gressional delegation in its efforts to as
certain and give expression to the will of
the people of California. The convention
no doubt will endeavor to instruct and
enlighten our Representatives, but it may
be harassed and vexed by the reappear
ance of scheming politicians who were rel
egated years ago to obscurity. It goes
Almost without the saying that the old
political back numbers and the yellow
press are in the agitation for some other
purpose than the good of the country.
Petitions backed by yellow journalism are
bound to do the cause of exclusion in
finitely more harm than good.
Just Like Emperor Norton.
Since the days of poor old Emperor
isorton nothing has happened to afford
more amusement to the community of
ban Francisco than the antics of the yel
low press in taking charge of the world's
affairs. Norton I Issued his proclamations
and went to lunch serene In the conscious
ness that the people of the earth would
heed his warnings, if he were alive now
he would take charge of the canal treaty,
the Chinese exclusion act and a budget
of minor issues, but his reign has ended
and the yellow press has appropriated hia
mantle and stolen his fulminations".
The newspapers of the State comment
freely on the result of the recent munici
pal election in this city. The expression is
almost universal that the Herrin-Gage
machine was pretty badly wrecked in its
collision with the independent voters. l\
is acknowledged that Flint's stock in the
Gubernatorial market has advanced sev
eral points and that there has been a cor
responding decline in the Gage securities.
places of interest were visited.
In the evening the entire party, 300 in
all. went to the Orpheum as guests of
the Southern Pacific Company. At the
close of the performance the cafes were
visited.
The programme for to-day Includes a
visit to the State Board of Trade at the
ferry building, and after an inspection of
politicians are saying that AJameda
County needs harmony now more than it
has ever before needed it in that region.
The remark goes:
"If we could bring all Republican fac
tions together, bury the hatchet and bury
it so deep that the handie would not stick
out, we could nominate an Alameda man
for Governor and insure the success of the
entire Republican State ticket."
Asking for Lynch's Removal.
The San Bernardino papers quote the
unwritten law which provides that United
States Senators shall recommend all ap
pointments where the beneficiaries have
jurisdiction in more lhan a single Con
gressional district. The deduction is
reached that the recommendation of Sen
ators Bard and Perkins for the appoint
ment of Stephen Kelley to succeed John
C. Lynch will be sufficient to accomplis'i
the change. In case Perkins recommends
Kelley the Senator will not feel con
strained to request another Senator to in
form the President that the appointment
ought not to be made. Senator Perkins
defended his action in going back on hU
own recommendation on the ground that
Lynch was forced upon him by prominent
members of the Republican party. It hap
pens this time that the prominent mem
bers of the party are asking for Lynch*
removal. Lynch is counting on Senator
Hanna's prestige and Mose Gunsfs al
leged pull with the President to prevent a
change In the Collectorship of Internal
Revenue. The claim is to be advanced
that affairs of the office have been we!l
conducted since Lynch's appointment. As
Lynch has been giving most of his time
to the railroad and politics, the credit for
office management, if any be due, must
be given to some one else. If Lynch is so
fond of politics and railroading, the Sena
tors may conclude to adjust matters so
that he can give all of his time to help
Herrin. The truth is Merrin needs politi
cal help. A great deal of careful and
skillful work must be done in order t f >
make the boss machine serviceable in the
State campaign. The trainmen who are
next to Herrin hint that Burns is the
hoodoo that caused the recent wreck.
LARGE ISSUE OF BONDS
FOR A SUMMER RESORT
Lake Tahoe Railway Company Pre
pares to Utilize Half-Million
Dollars in Betterments.
An issue of $500,000 in bonds has been
made by the Lake Tahoe Railway and
Transportation Company through the
Mercantile Trust Company of this city.
The company, is the owner of a hotel at
Tahoe City, on Lake Tahoe, a line of
steamers crossing the lake and a railway
Id process of construction. The bonds are
intended to cover the cost of additional
construction and improvements.
Of the amount Issued $100,000 will be ap
plied to taking up some old bonds of th«
company, $150,000 will cover the cost of
the newly erected hotel, which is sad
to represent an Investment of more than
$200,000. and the remainder of the money
derived from the issue will be used in gen
eral betterments. D. L. Bliss is president
of the Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans
portation Company and the principal own
er of the ventures.
the exhibits cars will be taken for the
Cliff House over the Jackson-street line.
At the Cliff House a luncheon will be
tendered the visitors. They will return
in special cars. In the evening they will
be banqueted at the Palace Hotel by the
Southern Pacific Company.
The visitors will leave for the East at
midnight.
ELECTRIC POWER
FROM THE SIERRA
Two Com p anics to Sup
ply Currents to San
Francisco.
STOCKTON, Nov. 19.-Tw 0 big projects
having in view the transmission of elec
tric power from the Sierras to San Fran
cisco are under way. A. B. Thompson of
Angels, together with Charles Lane, the
millionaire miner, are back of one ven
ture that contemplates a thirty-five mile
water ditch from the headwaters of the
middle fork of the Stanislaus River, to
bring water to Murphys. Vallecito and
Angels. The company already has water
rights amounting to 5000 inches.
A similar scheme, so nearly completed
that water will be turned into the ditch
in ten days, is that of the Calaveras Min
ing. Power ar.d Water Company. Oak
land and Sar. Francisco capitalists are in
the company, which has been financed for
JI.OOO.UW. Ie gets water from the head
waters of San Antoine Creek, near the
Big Trees.
Xext summer the company will con
struct two dams— one at Dunbar's ranch
and one at Armstrong's ranch. Those
two dams will have a capacity of 500
inches of water day and night for two
years. This will be used in developing
electric power, which will be transmitted
to fear. Francisco and way points. Engi
neers are already looking over the ground.
SEATTLE SOCIETY WOMEN
ENGAGE IN SMUGGLING
Wives of Wealthy Men Under the
Surveillance of Secret Service
Detectives.
SEATTLE. Nov. 19. -Prominent Seattle
women, the wives and daughters of
wealthy business and professional men
according to United States Secret Servir«
detectives, have been conducting system
atic smuggling operations on a larsr*
scale. Their violations of the law hay*
become so frequent that the matter is re
ceiving serious consideration from Gov
eminent officers. It may be necessary to
undertake proceedings against them a
large quantity of expensive silks ard
dress goods were smuggled into this city
from Mctoria during the past month
Crushed Under Wagon Wheels.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 19.-Ralph Nelson a
four-year-old boy, was run over by '
heavily laden wagon this afternoon anH
probably fatally injured. * liernoon an <J
CITY MARSHAL
ROBBERS' VICTIM
Thieves Get Away With
Santa Rosa Tax
Receipts.
Invade a Stronghold of Police
men and Take the Con
tents of the Safe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 19.— The City Mar
shal and Tax Collector's office was rob
bed here this morning between the hours
of 3 and 6 o'clock. The amount taken was
about $1000. but the exact figures have not
yet been ascertained. It was city tax
meney which had been paid to Marshal
Charles H. Holmes.
The robbers must have entered the Mar
shal's office, which is in the City Hall,
through the front door, it being wide
open when the burglary was discovered
at 6 o'clock- They could not have vis
ited the place before 5 o'clock, for at that
hour all the policemen doing night duty
reported off, and everything about the of
fice was then in perfect order. An hour
later Mrs. Jane Samuels, janitress of the
City Hall, arrived. She not only fouml
the outer office door open, but the safe
•was standing unlocked. She reported her
discovery to Police Officer Mclntosh. who
lost no time In informing Marshal Holmes.
The most peculiar circumstance in con
nection with the theft is in the way in
which the safe was opened. The com
bination was used. The inner door re
quires a key, but the burglars were pre
pared for this, as they had a key to tit it.
The cash taken was in a canvas bag and
a number of checks payabje to Mr.
Holmes as Tax Collector, which were in
a box, went to keep company with tho
tax money. The safe is an old one anil
clicks when the correct combination is
reached, and this may account for it hav
ing been opened so easily. A key to some
other safe might have opened the innar
lock.
A cripple confined in a cell of the City
Prison, which is at the rear of the Mar
shal's office, said that he heard voices
and hammering about the time the rob
bery is supposed to have occurred.
Marshal Holmes said that as yester
day was the last day before city taxes
became delinquent the collections ha I
been very heavy. He had taken nearly
$4000 to the bank just before it closed.
The money taken by the robbers was
what had been paid in after that hour.
He said that he had the only key to tho
inner safe door and that when he left
his office at 10 o'clock last night every
thing was all right. As policemen were
constantly dropping in at the office dur
ing the night, he believed the money per
fectly safe.
Marshal Holmes feels this misfortune
keenly and declares that if it be within
his power he will personally replace every
cent found missing.
ABGTTMENTS ARE BEGUN
IN THE WINANS CASE
Famous Legal Controversy Over a
Crown Legacy Duty Near Its
Settlement.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Arguments in the
appeal of Walter and J. L. Winans
against the judgment of Justices
nedy and Phillimore in November,
in awarding the crown legacy a duty on
the large estate left by their father. W.
L. Winans, was heard to-day. The sole
question at issue ia whether the deceased
was domiciled in England. Judgment will
be rendered tu-morruw.
In November last the Lord Chief Jus
tice's Court in London was o«-cupi
determining whether the late William t..
Winans. formerly of Baltimore, it.!
a domiciled resident of Great Britain
when he died in 1«97. This question was
tested through a legacy of £3)00 willed to
Winans' sister-in-law, Ellen Delaru
which the crown claimed legacy duty.
The court gave judgment for the crown
and the Attorney General remarked that
the decision would affect the whole of
Winans' millions.
William Lewis Winans died in London
on June 25. 1597. in his seventy-fifth year.
He was bom in Baltimore, Md., in 188.
and when 20 years of age was sent to
Russia to arrange the contracts for fur
nishing and equipping the railroad be
tween Moscow and St. Petersburg. The
road was successfully completed and a
large fortune was secured to the Winana
family.
Chinese Bandits Slain.
PEKING. Nov. 19.— Fifty Chinese sol
diers surprised IJ»> bandits close to Peking 1
last night, killing twelve of them an<l
capturing sixteen. The prisoners have
been brought here for decapitation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why Do You
Suffer From
Catarrh?
You certainly do not enjoy the nasti-
ness of it — the choking, hawking, spit-
ting and coughing up of phlegm— nau-
sea and the bad breath catarrh causes.
Now, why don't you get cured of ca-
tarrh? . ¦;.-, -i
Don't you believe it is curable?
Dr. Halpruner knows positively that
it is curable, because he has cured many
cases of long-standing, chronic catarrh.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine ii
so made of such ingredients and just
the right way to relieve catarrh 'at
once, and cures chronic cases with con-
tinued treatment. - . - -
Because doctors have" not cured you
and because other medicines cave you
no relief is no reason why you should
misjudge Halpruner's Wonderful Med-
icine and no reason why you should
hold any prejudice against it wVen you
know nothing of its wonderful merits.
Halpruner's is different irom any
other medicine— it cures. If it does
not; get ' your money back. This com-
pany is not way in the East, where you
cannot get any satisfaction, but right
here in San Francisco, and Dr. Hal;
pruner is anxious and ready to meet
sufferers and advise with them as to
a proper treatment " and positive cure
for catarrh. .. ' .: •':'./ :'-t7*"us*;!- 1
Anybody, can see Dr. Habruner at
his I office, 28,. California ; street, between
the hours of I.' and' 4 p.. m. The doctor
gives trial treatments free, for he 13
anxious to prove the value of his medi-
cine and relieve sufterers of catarrh.
¦ ' • ¦'..>: '>'*'l' -¦ ""
/falpruner's
,
is for sale at all druggists' — 50 cents
and $1 a bottle; the dollar size con-
tains three times the quantity of the
small size. • :
HALPRUNER MEDICAL MP6. CO
28 California St., San Francisco^ Cal,MATT HOGAN FALLS DURING A RACE
AND RANSCH IS SLIGHTLY HURT
Good Price Is Laid Against Watercure and He Wins Easily From
Favonius — Starter ''Dick" Dwyer in Excellent. Form.
STARTING off ieft foot first at Oak
land track yesterday young Mister
Ransch taaaei iff the lirst race
with Btinota in endeavoring to
draw a fine finish on O'Connor.
>". Xt he scrambled tilings very badly on
Roeewar. and in the third event met with
an accident that will k< j ep him out of thr
>ad(j;t" for ;» \\ , t k ar awwe. It was prob
cbly fortunate for the little rider that tl a
ligh; rainfall of the night before had left
v*-Iv<mv cushion on the surface of
the track v.ithout being exactly muddy.
for he had a nasty tumble when Man H:«
gan did his acrobatic turn on the turn
into the stretcn. Billy Magranes sprint-
I favorite for the race, and in .it
tempting to pas* between Narra G and
Ned Dennis Ransch and his mount ra?i
into a "V." In iiii instant horse and rkler
went down, Ra.nsch escaping with a dis.
locaied collarbone. The .Burns & Water
houte lightweight is deservedly popuiar
with turr.tes, and it is to be hoped that
his enforced vacation will not be a
lengthy one.
Dick Dwyer is not a new hand at the
"no recall flag" system, and his splendid
starting; shows he is right up to his oIJ
Tanforan form.
Green Morris' crack Watercure and Dr.
RowelTs clever plater John McGurk were
the only two winning tavoritee.
On all past records Watercure never
won any medais for traveling in muddy
going, but he can evidently run over a
slow track. He was asked to meet Favo
nius and Goldom- at a mile and a six
teenth, and at post time even money
could be had about him. O'Connor, whj
had the mount on Watercure. waited on
Favonius for about half the distance arri
then went tc work. Taking the lead with
out much difficulty the favorite won eas
ily down at the wire by a couple of
lengths. Bullman's chances on Goldone
were ruined by having: his saddle slip for
ward.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's Meehanus
defeated a bunch of choice sprinting ma
terial in the Alameda handicap at *ix
furlongs. So nicely were the weights ad
justed that the favorite. Janice, was
quoted at 2Vi- Meehanus ruled fourth
choice with sixes about him. Frank Bell
and Obia made the track tmoke with the
pace both cut out to the stretch. Then
Bell retired, leaving Meehanus with Obia
to beat. This feat he performed without
much effort. Hoar having him in hand at
ire four lengths in front. O'Connor
-nt Janice along toward the close,
g show honors.
Such a pronounced plunge was made on
Bcrnota. favorite for the opening event,
that the price against Dunblane went to
F. to 1. Ransch. astride the first choice,
had the race up his sleeve below th<?
paddock but in attempting some gaiety
O Connor, on Dunblane, led him out by
a nose.
Burns & Waterhouse"? filly. Rosewar,
had first call in the betting on the two
year-old sprint and fell a victim to Josi<?
G.. which won by a head at 7 to 1. Dean
made his first start and. thoug'i
hard ridden by Bullman. finishes thiro.
latt Hogan had fallen in the
number and Howson. on Narra G.
¦.red to have betn attacked with
fright. "Tex'Winslette landed Or
leans first, a head in front of Herculean.
The St. Louis filly's odds drifted to 4 and
she made a nice run from last position.
O'Connor got home third with Ned Den-
Had he not been game and a good
stretch runner John McGurk. favorite lor
the closing: mile selling run. would have
biter, off but a very small piece of the
purse. Birkenruth persevered with him
and. catching Billy Moore and San Ve
nado all out, gained the verdict by a
neck.
Track Notes.
Bullman had his first mount on Dean
Swift in the two-year-oid event and re
ceived a mild ovation from the occupants
of the stand.
Kis many friends will regret to learn
that Charles Winn died recently at Sara- ;
rac Lake, N. V., a victim of consumption.
"Winnie" had many friends among turf
men and his fine tenor voice was often
heard at entertainments and benefits ;
given in a worthy cause.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— furlongs; selling; three-year
c'.cs and ward.
2.711 Expedient 109 1 2543 Torsina 103
2^3 Hungarian 109 1568 The Scot Ml
&1S :naldo 109 2>02 The Miller 103
... Master Lee 159 2832 Mrs. Brunell. . .104
2&32 rkford ldi 2*40 Koenig 109
Second race — Five and a half furlongs; sell
lr.?: two-year-olds.
2531 Magical 99 .... Colonial .Gir1... 106
<28~)Muresca 103 " 2766 Flourish 105
Arigato 93, ....Sand de Lee. ..102
2SM Dr Scharn* 5<S 2512 Senator Bruce. los
2503 Hainault &9
Third race— One mile and an eighth; selling:
three-year-olds and jinward.
<2534>Galanthus 85 2546 Lizella. 119
2MC Sunello 101 2827 Free Lance 107
Fourth — One mile and a sixteenth; the
GARDNER IS MATCHED
TO FIGHT KID CARTER
Hival - Middle-Weight Boxers Will
Meet for the Second Time Late
in December.
George Gardner and "Kid" Carter are
to meet again in the ring. They were
matched yesterday by the San Francisco
Athletic Club to fight twenty rounds on
December 20 at Mechanics' Pavilion..
Gardner defeated Carter some months
since. Walcott then defeated Gardner
and Carter defeated Walcott. It was
claimed Carter was not in form at their
first meeting. Phil Wand has already
been suggested for referee.
Billy Madden, Gus Ruhlin and Denver
Ed Martin left for the East last night.
They will stop over at Salt Lake and
Denver and will then go to Kansas City,
where Ruhlin will meet Tommy Ryan. It
is hardly intended for more than an ex
hibition bout, as Ruhlin outweighs Ryan
by nearly forty pounds. Each man may
attempt to put the other out.
The matching of Gardner and Carter
for next month effectually bars the way
of the proposed match between Jeffries
and Sharkey. In view of public sentiment
st the present time it was not deemed ad
visable to arrange what might prove a
fiasco.
No Fake Fights These.
OAKLAND. Nov. 19.— Three knockouts
pave the spectators at the West Oakland
Athletic Club's boxinj: tournament to
night their fill of sport. In the first go
r>ne Young settled Kid Booth in t^e
round with a stomach punch. The
r>out was fast from the start. George
Baker put Jimmy Little out in the third
"-urd during the second contest. The
<\ principal event ended in the third
when Toby Irwin gave a finishing
to Ed Martin. The fights attracted
rowd of ring followers.
N I QMTS^HOOL*
r^§ " fiea!ds BtlsJness
24 Pb«t St
.The Most Thoroughly Equipped Night School
In the City.)
j Bookkeeping, Penmanship, Arithmetic,
9 Shorthand, Typewriting, Business Papers,
\ Commercial Law. Correspondence, Bpell-
ng. Grammar, Rhetoric. A few months'
.tudy in this school will enable ynur.g men
md young: women to secure lucrative po-
rtions. •i. W. GRIFFITH. Principal.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Tuesday. Nov. 19.— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
2S4SS. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
: ~* ~ ~~ . j Betting.
Index. ( Horse, Age, Wt. St. K. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ¦ " Op. 01.
tOt Dunblane. 4... 108 4 31% 3 2 In Ins W. B. Jennings & Co.O'Con 7-2 9-2
2832 Bernota. 3 981 41 42 2h- 24 Burns & Waterhse.. Ransch 13-5
2840 Bob Palmer. 3 100 3 22 In 3% 3 2 S. Judge Ransom 8 13
2*41 Educate. 3 100 2 14 12 4l" 4 4 W. E. Cotton Birkenruth 3 6
2535 |Frldo!in, 3 US 6 51 5 1 5 2 53 G. W. "Scott ...Winslette 10 30
2S3G Darlene, 3 9S 7 6h '¦7 h 62 ' 65 Dr. H. E. Rowell.L. .Jcksn 15 30
ail Kinaldo. 6 103 5 7n 6h 7476 William Cahill.... Hoar 10 20
2770 Canejo. 4 105 8 8 8 8 8 Owen Bros" ...J. Woods 10 30
Time— %, :13; %, :24; V 4. :50; %, 1:17; %. 1:30. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner,
W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. h. by Midlothlan-Loleta. Ransch eased Bernota up to draw it
fine and burned the biscuits. Too far for Educate. . Fridolin ¦ appears to ¦ have gone back. :
Rinaldo a poor betting proposition. Scratched— Free Lance 106, Mont Eagle 103, Sissenvine
9S. Letiger 103. _ . .¦•_ _V_ •_ ¦
2540. SECOND Futurity course; two-year-olds; value to first. 1333. " . ••, "'/ '
j : j T~ ; ~~ ~~- ~ ! ; Betting. i
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey, ;\- Op. : Cl.'
(2512) Josie G IC7 3 11 13 12 In J. S. Gibson Howson >• 5 , .7
.2821 Rosewar 107 1 1 6*4 51 24 2 5 Burns & Waterhse.. 3 '. 2
... Dean Swift 110 2 3h 6 5 3h 3h W. M. Rogers Bullman .' 4 '-. 6'
2831 Phyllis 107 4 4h 4h 4H 41 A. J. Stmlr & Co.J. Mthws ' 3:- 4*.
2756 jSol US 7 51 31 5164 P. C. Donaleche Hoar 15 25
2824 ißosarle 9718 8 72 62 66 P. Howley Winslette 20 : '20
2655 ILapldus 110; 6 22 2h 71 76 W. B. Jennings & Co. O'Con 3. 9-2
... ibuzz ..97 5 76 8 8 8 M. Cone Fauntleroy 10 30
•Time— To £ :21V*; to Ifc, :464; last %. 1:03; short \, 1:13. Bad start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, J. S. Gibson's b. f. by Blooms bury-Czarina. Joeie G appears to be a fair
sort of filly. Roßewar In a pocket to the stretch. Dean Swift was a bit short. Lapldus
had worked fast and his race was a disappointing one. Phyllis probably did her best.
2550. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-ycftir-olds and up; value to first, $323.- .
; "~~ : Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. ¦ %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. , Op. Cl.
2841 Orleans, 3 ... 99 6 54 55 2n In J. Burrows...' Winsjette 5-2 4
2516 Herculean. 4 105 12n in 31 21 G. Summers & Co.J. Woods 8 a 12
2836 Ned Dennis, 4 109 2 3 1 21 In 32 Piedmont Stable.. O'Connor 6 8
2523 N'arra G. 3 105 4 1»4 In 41 43 Miss C. Gibson. ....Howson 5-2 3
2792 Lief Prince. 3 102; 5 5 6 5 6 William Cahill Hoar 15 60
2820 Matt Hogan. 4.. 10913 4 4 3h Fell ... W. P. Magrane & Co.Rnsch 2 7-6
2797 De Capo. a..... 107; Bolted at start ... C. W. Chappel ..Stuart j6 10
Time— I,*.1 ,*. :25; 14. :50; %, 1:16%. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. Burrows' .
br. t. by The Chevaiier-Florine. Winner made a fine run through the stretch. • Narra G
could have won under better handling. Hogan was full of run when he fell. ¦ .'; , -¦ '
2851. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
j " ~~ \ ~ ~" I Betting. :
Index. 1 Horse. ¦ Age. Wt. St. U. Vi. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
* 2*07 IWatercure, 4 114 13 3 1 n 1 2 |G. B. Morris O'Connor 1 1
276S Favonius. 5 112 2 14 11 2 2 21 , Burns & Waterhse. J. Woods 2 5-2
2819 iGoldone. 4..-. 112 3 2 2 2 Vhk 3 3 |J. Coffey..". ....... Bullman t . 13-5
Time— l-16. :07; M. :25; %, :51; %, 1:17; m, 1:44; 1 1-6 m, 1:51. Good start. Won easily: Sec
ond driving. Winner. G. B. Morris' eh. g. by Watercress-Lena's First. While shining at
his best on a fast track Watercure did better ¦ than a green hand. 4 Favonius hard ridden
tiiejEntlreway^B_uUman|s3addleslldup i L°^ II L t '_ s _1 c^ 1 i an _he was twic « cut off. i
2552. FIFTH RACE— furlongs; Alameda handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to Ist. $403.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. {£. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "ci. ,
(Sl9) Meehanus. 5 115 7 4h 4 1' 2 3 1 14 Caesar Y0ung... ........ Hoar 5 6^
(2822) Obia, 3 106 ! 5 3h 2n 2r. 21 P. Ryan J. Woods 3 4
(2804) Janice, 3 116 3 51 62 4h 35 G. B. Morris. O'Connor 8-5 5-2
(2801) Frank Bell. 5.... .124 112 11 In 43 J. W. . O'Neal Winslette \5 7
2815 Frank Kenney, 3.. 99 4 2n 3 1 6 4 5 n M. Cone Birkenruth >4 3'
... Fltrkanet. 3 106 6 7 -51 52 6 2 W. M. .Fauntleroy 7 8
2814 The Miller, 5 97 2 617 7 7 G. P. McNeil Ransom 15 80 ,
Time— H, :24%; ifc :49»4; %, 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. Caesar Young's eh. h. by Golden Garter-Fedalma. Winner was cut off on back stretch
and then ran around his field. Obia stood a long drive. Janice and Frank Bell were over
weighted. Kenney passed it up.. Fitzkanet unreliable. The Miller failed to put any flour
In the barrel. . _. . - -,
2553. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year olds and upward; value to first. $325.
I . ~~ , ¦ ¦¦ , Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt St. M. %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op. Cl.
2827 John McGurk, 3...100 8 6 2 IV, '3 4 In Dr. H. E. Rowell.Birkruth 7-5 8-5
(2825) Billy Moore, 4. .....109 5 2n 23 In 23 T. T. Rector... J. Matthews 4 ; 4:
MI San Venado, € 112 15h 31 22 34 S. McNaugh t0n.... 4 6
2536 Hungarian, 5 109 7 4% 42 4n 4n Geo. W. Miller. .Waterbury ¦ 15 20
2834 Tony Lepping, .103 6 lh 6262 53 Newman & Eagan..Winslet 8 13
1629 Nellie Forest. 3.. ..100 2 32-11 5^63 W. P. Magrane & Co.. Hoar 4 5-2
2813 Joe Hock, 5 112 4 8 8 7 6 7. 10 T. Case...'. Romero 60 75
2813 ,'Romany. 5....'. 109 372 7 1 8 8 Liberty StaTjle Collls 60 108
Time— Vi. :26; H. Mi It, 1:17U: mile. 1:46. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner
Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. g. by Wadsworth- Preference. McGuik was a long- piece back in
the stretch, but San Venado and Billy Moore "backed back" to him, being very groggy.
Nellie quit the game at six furlongs. Scratched— Meadow Lark 109, Tola .- 100, • Essence 109
Diomed 109. Pegalong 100. ¦ - - ;•¦ ¦ ..':•¦¦¦¦ ¦ . ' ' ¦¦.-. ¦ ", . --- -y ¦¦-.¦• -¦¦
Temescal handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward.
1543 Grayfeld 115] 2838 The Fretter.... 99
283S Rio Shannon... lo4' 2851 Favonius 101
(278o)Autolight 11«
Fifth race— Futurity course: purse; all ages
2-32 Maresa 10« 2550 Matt Kogan in
2533 Ar.drlsa 11*1 28* Sombrero 97
2841 Edinborough . .11*1 28CS Bar. Frietchie. .100
2830 B. Sheppard...Wol 2637 Byron Rose 113
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
258 Redwald 113 : (2S36)Merops 11l
2546 Lodestar 101, 2534 El Oriente 104
(2S3o)Duckoy 11l 2838 Intrada 101
2^43 Mike Rice Ill' 27f»6 Cambaceres ...10*
he Pinger 107 2*ll Pat Morrissey.lOS
2843 Scallywag 103 (2S29)Prin. Titania. .101
Possible Winnners.
First race— Torsina, Mrs. Brunell, Forkford.
Second race — Hainault, Muresca, Dr. Scharff.
Third race— Galanthus. Lizella, Sunello.
Fourth race— Rio Shannon, Grayfeld, Auto
light.
Fifth race — Sombrero, Andrisa, Barbara
Frietchie.
Sixth race— Princess Titania, El Oriente, Red
wald.
HANDBALL EXPERTS READY
FOR OLYMPIC CLUB GAMES
Tournament for Which Members
Have Been Practicing for Some
Time Commences To-Night.
The handball tournament of the
Olympic Athletic Club, for which mem
bers of the club have been training for
some time, commences to-night. There
are three classes. One team from each
will play every night this week. Next
week there will b« games on Monday,
Wednesday and Friday. The winners of
this week will be matched against the
winners and the losers against the losers.
The tournament will continue for three
weeks. The following is the draw for ap
ponents in the first round, with the time
at which the match will be played :
First Class— J. J. Gleason vs. P. J. Xeuman,
November 20, 8 p. m.; N. J. Prendergast vs.
T. J. Curley, November 21, Bp. m. ; N. A.
Hcwson vs. George James, November 22, 1. p.
m.; W. M. Cartwright vs. G. 13. Littlefleld,
November 23. X p. m.; W. J. Kennedy va. H.
S. Russ, November 24, 1 p. m.
Second Class — G. w. Ransome v». O. A.
Crable, November 20, 8 p. m. ; John Tait vs.
J. E. Murphy, November 21, 8 p. m.; R. B.
Bowman vs. M. Green, November 22, 8 p. m. ;
T. F. Kennedy vs. T. J. Powers, November
23, $ p. m. ; Louis Levy vs. A. J. Fritz, No
vember 24, 1 p. m. ; A. Pockwitz vs. F. Strat
ford, November 24, 1 p. m.
Third Class— T. G. Ferguson vs. J. F. Cun
ningham, November 20, 8 p. m. ; M. L,. Rosen
feld vb. C. Clough, November 21, 8 p. m.;
T. J. Fitzpatrlck vs. F. C. AVegener, Novem
ber 22, 8 p. m.; H. J. Cordes vs. C. K. Mel
rose, November 23, 8 p. m. ; F. J. Sherry vs.
F. W. Krone, November 24, 1 p. m.
QUARTERBACK RAITT
QUTTS FOOTBAXX FIELD
Is to Be Married on Saturday ami
Then Leaves for Manitoba to
Accept a Position.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 19.—
Charles Burton Raitt, '03, star quarter
back for tHree years on the cardinal
eleven, has left college to accept a posi
tion with the Canadian Pacific Railway
Company at Winnipeg, Manitoba.
To fill this position, however, was not
the only reason the dashing quarterback
had for leaving Stanford. On Saturday
of this week his wedding to Miss Nettie
Mee. a former schoolmate, will occur at
the home of the bride's parents, San Ber
nardino. Miss Mcc graduated from the
San Bernardino High School with the
class of '98, one year previous to Raitt's
graduation. The bride-to-be has been a
student in the Los Angeles Normal School
for nearly three years and would have
graduated from that institution early next
spring. She, however, gave up her stu
dies about a month ago— at a time that
corresponds with the date when "Stubb"
Raitt announced his intention of quit
ting the university, from which intention
he was persuaded by the united efforts
of the football coaches and his many col
lege friends. Miss Mcc is one of the most
popular and beautiful young ladies in San
Bernardino.
F. J. Bethel, dentist. 1170 Market. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
JOCKEY TOMMY BURNS
INJURED AT BENNINGS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— At Bennings
to-day in the second event Jockey Burns,
on Flying Colors/ collided with Redfern
on Queen's Messenger. Burns was. thrown
and received injuries about the shoulders
which will prevent him from riding for
some time. Flying Colors was so badly
injured that it is believed he will have to
be killed. Summary:
First race, six furlongs— Sadducee won,
Dewey second, Lady of the Valley third. Time.
1:11.
Second race, five furlongs — Succasunda and
Trauer ran a dead heat, Genesee third. Time,
1:04.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards— The
Puritan won, Philma Paxton second. Time
1:50 1-5. Two starters.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Extinguisher won,
Fonsoluca second, Pretorius third. Time
1:15 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth — McMee
kin won, Scarlet Lily second, Tyrshena third.
Time, 1:51.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Lady Godiva,
won. Prince Richard second, Shoreham third
Time, 1:30 1-5.
"SPORT VASCO" PIrAYKRS
ARRIVE FROM MEXICO
Eighteen Men Come to Introduce the
Game, Which Attracts Large
Crowds of Spectators.
The famous sport vasco, which resem
bles handball, is to be played in this city
for the first time in public on Thanks
giving day at Central Park. A court
with a picturesque entrance has been con
structed at a cost of $35,000. Eighteen
players arrived here from Mexico yes
terday to take part in the opening games
R. Prido is manager, Fermin Alonzo as
sistant manager and Fermin Yribarren
captain. The players are: Leceta, Zubi
caray, Zalacain, Tucuman, Urcelay, Ca
reaga, Zabala, Lasa, Guerrita, Amiano,
Madrileno. Vergara, Ondarres, Veraste
gul, Estudiante. Aristi and Aldabazal.
The game originated in the Pyrenees
and has reached a high state of devel
opment in the City of Mexico. The play
ers use a light wicker attachment on their
hands, which drives the ball with great
speed. The court is 208 feet long and 35
feet wide. The front wall is 45 feet high
and 4 feet thick. It is faced with Colusa
freestone, as brick would not withstand
the battering it would receive, although
the balls used are made of pure rubber
gum.
American Trainers Will Return.
IvONDON, Nov. 19.— The American
Transport liner Minneapolis, leaving Lon
don for New York next Thursday, will
have among her passengers Wishard and
Huggins, trainers for W. C. Whitney. It
is doubtful if either will return here, al
though in each case a return to Great
Britain is contingent upon arrangements
that may be made in the United States.
The Minneapolis will also carry John
Mackey, who has bought a large number
of horses in Great Britain for J. B. Hag
gin's California and Kentucky stud farms.
¦ ? ¦
Olympians Off for Reno.
The Olympic Club football team left
last night for Reno, where they will play
the Nevada University team this after
noon. In the party which left here were:
Manager I. J. Muma, Captain George
Cadwalader, Young, New, Clay, Albert
son, Cohn, Davis, Baggerly, Parker,-
Nourse, Barnard, Plunkett, Rithet, Gam
mon and George James.
News at Army Headquarters.
Army officers state that General Young
will ask for an appropriation for the im
provement of the Presidio while he is in
Washington. Captain Smedberg, aid to
the department commander, has returned
from his trip East and will resume his du
ties at headquarters. Lieutenant Colonel
David P. Heap, recently appointed chief
engineer officer of this department, has
reported for duty.
—¦ ? «
Riverside County Loses Suit.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided
that the county of Riverside should pay
its proportion of the indebtedness of San
Bernardino County existing at the time
when the former was incorporated. The
matter has been the cause of litigation
extending over a period oX many years.
THE EMPOBITJItt. '[ - f • ." THE EMPORIUM. I^'u THE EMPOSXTJM. J | THE EMFOKITTM.
I The Swiss Alps Panorama. ]
|. .' the first of The Emporium's great annual free Holiday Spectacles. is now open in the Attraction Hall, second I
i floor. Thousands of visitors, young and old, were delighted Monday and Tuesday with the novel exhibition of :5: 5
% famous mountain peaks, curious Swiss hotels, Swiss, villages, farms, St. Gothard Tunnel, pretty lakes, waterfalls, etc., \
|? all in miniature, _ and the many/ ingenious mechanical effects, especially the park with people moving in all directions. An instructive, in 1 cresting Christmas Jl
If Tableau, • offered free to visitors of the big store that no child within 50 miles of the city should be deprived of seeing. *2
J - ¦ — :' ' — • — -' •' ,". " ,' " — — . : ; ;—!; — ! , ; 3s j
l Closing Out Silk Remnant Sale To-Day. 200 Cushion |
I of *£; One-Quarter Off Already Re- Tops, \
I °P° ra Gl ° yes [ duced Prices. Now 27c Each.
*We offer our entire stock -r.r-^^M , , , . , , . ¦ ¦ --: Beau 3
% now on hand of Ladies' Thousands of short lengths (i to 6 yards) of plain «£* -v _ >rT^- »
$ finest quality of French and fancy silks of all kinds and colors, including many J^f v&^M ' If.
$ Suede Gloves, in 8, 12, 1 6, pieces of black silks; materials suitable for shirtw aists, gnphed '^^0k \W- '~\
% ?;2o and^24: button lengths rufflings, trimmings, Christmas fancy work, etc.; on T^° n \&-£tis W S
%v: (Jouvin et Cie) ; formerly special sale to-day only at further cut of one-quarter 4 P at ' jgpS^ lF 5
J[ sold at $1.75, $2:25, f rom the already reduced remnant prices. SI [W&^^t 4L
{. :..-to $4.00 per pair; g%B ' - ¦.'¦¦'•¦¦••;- '•¦-¦¦ v - .^•^y^rvj cachpat- [ <*^^^2ggg^s> J
X special sale price 9OC - tern; 24 °2
I Th e |orsofth ep aw a rV: v^ Notable Flannelette Sale. ! q t" . S
J • si/ Blue- whi ' . Lender / Some;2^6o yards of the best Flannelette made for Under- « c V h- SlJe e^Jr i oniy aa 5 ° 27 C %
%¦¦ Tanf r'.Sv^ Ec™ ary ' ;; :3 • wear Kimonos, Pajamas, etc.. They are in the cream, ' _____ 5
g |Gny,^ straw. ,;.,.... . blue and tan solid colors; also fancy stripes, etc.; none ,-___ — «4' 9 - Ij
5? **- ****** *** :;; k^-- "¦•"•¦ - L of them ever 'sold for less than ioc a yard; your __, "™,f ea 7 ' 7* c * 5
I $6.00Jtet,53.95.± choice of them to-day.. ...:......./.....:... Tic A^^£S t 2 r Si £*,£ 1
X \^^^^^ Thls Black ¦•. Velvet i ¦ ; 1 6 pieces to set; just something to play party "^
»>* : j^^"^&^^S. Hat ' with feeing of satin; :-• : - t . _ . with; regularly 35c; special to-day -»>-' if
S ilPip "V; dm folds and . fin . c Hosiery and Underwear Bar- " •' 2 *°
*„ buckle ornaments; it is fl*W«i*wa Jf GSSttUd HjfBBVB'ZjfB tfi/ f£^£Hß BJtGSS — •> • &
I %&& i&W} reall y a ready-to-wear gains for Women and Good statiancv ' I
I % h ; s h needs aSi gains for Women and n OO d stations^
* . M •&¦ I if any more • trimming; ;<-?, ' a ' » » • VVW &f*B%MUni3W^jf JK
I Jfe<; : tajSSISSS :¦.. ¦;¦¦¦¦¦ Children, , Specially Priced, :|
$3.95 A.—,*.* *- », *£« *. s ~msi: ; w */?>L" sr I
i» , : s ,^»* • signs of the very latest Imported Hermsdorf • , v . . ' " \ !.' 00-10. "m
|j iliei^igii *k£S£L sfe.^-s^ri.-s.ix-: . stock: royal, sann wove and royal linen: 00 {
Sateen Lining*. ,**m£mm^A ) *Z^J?£^°2,° ( JL™ *-- *.r—^<u -i» '* {
•P 6;o yards Black Mercerized Sateen Lining, or W.\\-'r~ J iF^ > -.3 sale here from now on, pair . . . ___ " L,'.' \v -J ' ~ ','
T* 01 • • • v j j l ¦ 1 t \ 9 '¦ 79 7 ¦¦'¦¦/Mr. Li s°° violet Writing Tablets; cream wcddinz -5
*> Skirting, :: inches wide: good heavy weight: Vv A 1 — ~ /' / H '.\ m W m T%S ,_,i ¦ , . » Jf
JC W th a! rich eaun c• l very .useful, fabnc, . - Yt^^V O/ / ¦/ » "*«> Cotton "ose-Extra heavy, real Maco stock; note Size: ruled: regular price J2C X
£ with a rich faun finish; very useful fabric, Wk J*l/;v'J ffi| Ladies* Cotton Hose— Extra heavy, real Maco -ec- special to-day J2E ¥
H- and a big bargain at the sale price; \gjg- '¦; mXnpffiwW 7v\ 7 two-thread, : Louis Hermsdorf black, extra [ M
»>° er yard : ; -rv ; •;..;. •"•¦.•, ; v- §*&& : .;¦' : \%| %Wfl'j jffif '" ¦.^\%S*K //- ¦¦ high-spliced heel, double sole, elastic welt, — ' «*
B. • ~ ~~ — l ~ — ~ J ~ ¦ -»--- •;,.'•. '///// la ilij! lli/L ' ' I'V'l'C' '-' solid black, unbleached sole or entire foot un- m 'mm .. m_ _ "S ¦
Ruhh®rss 33c* IIK M** Mochd, , that ha, >» ff Pall era Veils, 17c. %
fe 4 • • ¦ /^ <*k '\lßiil WW'<" 1 \{**\ on the coast at the price, pair . . aooo of this m»i»", 2
*As a specif: '."¦ /^s. UK ''^pklllfA < y - • NX^X Ladies* double silk fleeced cotton Hose, warrant- jJfoX&^I^L mOSt stylish Pat- M
& „, / / nS^nJ^X. l*^-->^' \ \\ \ ea ast: black, double heels and ___ trrn Veils; in a if
i- Department o><-^3 >S<j :/,Wi////JitUU\\\\\\ \j soles, pair .". .... . . . . 25C lgPg^*|f vanety or becom- X
«f the main floor -^fc^^-S^- --2)- ' ; • \.. \ Ladies' ". Australian " Lamb's Wool Hose, fast W^T^cM 'MS Sty °" v SlUe *
X thousands cf N.-***^ • ¦ ¦ black or Oxford gray, ribbed or plain, Merino I \\./*-"^«s Tuxedo Mesh, with •
pairs of Indies' good quali.y Storm Rubber, Ladies* Tersey ribbed, heavy, fleeced lined Cotton heel and toe, pair . ... ..;. _ __ £ " \^£& pretty chenille spot *
I have been reduced to : , «%«% V: Vests' and Pan^.wTllnni..hed, covered .. ; . v .' ' .. . .- . , .-. 25C '%&L^&^3&d and b ° r<ler ' real $
* .. . . ..-:¦•... .-."•."•;" &y2iQ ¦'¦'¦ seams, an unusually good garment, «— Ladies' Imported Cashmere Hose, Hermsdorf ¦ " 'JR *sc, 3Sc and 50c m
5--. '. ¦ •¦'•'"••••¦•- L_ ¦:¦¦:-- ,;. natural and, cream, per, garment. • jg<S>g black, a i 30 in sanitary gray, Merino heel and <:' \ value; are offered % .
* /*-^«^-..- O™ - - • Ladies' Unshrinkable Wool Mixed Vests and toe, double sole, the best woolen hose that very soecol crice to-day onlv-^^i " *
J GrOGery SpeCialS. -: ^ .Pans,;- .V«ts ! . long sleeves, Pants ; ankle can be bought at the price, pair .. n IS! .. T. ./!... 17 C \
*° Bensdorf's Royal Dutch lcngth ' with French yoke bands ' natural r of#C
I CoCoa± genuine Imported: . ¦-g«y-^y,.un«celled at per gar- _^ Lades' .imported -hand-embroidered lace ankle CT; *--> Mm
ft •• , -i mi . V,,.' • ment. . . .r. . . . . . . . «w*J**&* ¦ Hose, in black with white or assorted color f .. p nfmH Q»«A«**»«ff> V
i 100 pounds only will, be sold m Children's , Heavy Fleeced Lined Vests ' and embroideries, strictly ****** 7K* , LiqUOr k SpeCiaiSm •{
6 v 11 » J ' 1 o ' Lnildren s Heavy rleeced Lined- Vests and , . : J : ~ *y EZ *m 1 v rll ii»l» i n-.t - ••
J bulk to-day, reguarly 80c mg- Pants and Boys' Drawers/perfect in make • stockmg, P air> . . ...... 73C J. H. Cutter Whiskey-The genume AP. *
*; fOTK-y;>>:^.;^tV^^ and finish natura] gray only / sizes Children's Ribbed Australian Lamb', Wool Hotakng & Co. s A No. I; the grade that £
I Best imported French *> to 34 ; each .....'.'.. 25c ; H^guaranteed^fast black, double knee, ££*.*" h«le; V«d Ibr W«ta^ |
*£ CaStile Soap — -that weighs Children's Steam Shrunk Australian Lamb's *" so cs > SIZK 5 . p9>P^ • • " St5C Champagne — A Choice Wine; pints; special S
ft Jull 3 Ibi tO a bar, a regular 30c . Wool Vests and Pants and Boys' Drawers, Children's Imported Cotton Hose! double knee Wednesday only, 3 bottles .. . . $I.QT3 *
X., seller, to-day only, in **jn , silver gray only, per garment— heel and sole, Hermsdorf black, a very dressy _ Per dozen • • $3.73 %
* grocery department, bar 2WC Size .ig "iot**.. =4 •*6-*3° 3* 34 good-wearing stocking, sizes sto Burgundy- Regularly $1. 00; special Wednes- *
I WhLwhLo^rahanVF.our-xo-lb^sack; ***>?<* 5- 55 c 60c 65c6 5 c 7 oc 75 c fel^S^ 25C J p^>S ' Vern,outh-Re g u.ar.f |
5c- regularly 2 5 c ; Wednesday, sack 2 C '. . —^ — ¦ — . quart bottle; special Wednesday only .47 «
X Soda Crackers— boxes; regularly 45 c; special ._"_,. _^ _^ _^^ Holland Gin— Yon Hoboken &Co large X
ft v\ eunesday, box 3aC WH Ha^ Twk |»«fl B^Bh. gm BB*^k. I ¦'"'" ' size . Cf Kfi
larlyzic tin; Wednesday ... . ! 2QG Ml /^ A I iforrvi^S 1 ?vTCs^st — KW^l pudding; fd^pints' .^ / ' aU " ** Gsc '^
I Raisins-M^cate.; 3-crown^lb." .«o i lP^ AnvcWc^'o^delt Store. "I Select, d^otch'Vhkey-Whitelaw fr^ : I
* Emporium Baking Powder— None better; W* AtTVCriCa^S U rak.l\.<J CTst OtOrC. "^^ specially 'elect-d- bottle
I i .r: 1 '.f. i^2 825 to 855 Market St., San Francisco ( Tsfe*!?fH^s& i I
GREAT DEMAND
FOR "LONGEARS"
Unprecedented Boom in
California Mule
Market. *
Mules are at a premium. If you haye
a drove of these lons-eared beasts hold
on to them until the price soars to the
highest point. The English army, the
I'nited States army, planters and foreign
residents are scouring the Pacific Coast
in search of them. Agents in great num
ber are moving from place to place in
search of mules, and every farmer and
ranchman is regretting that he did not
raise them instead of produce or horses.
They are in great demand, and the prices
paid for the beasts oi burden are con
sidered fancy.
The English nation is sending thou
sands of mules to Afzica to carry neces
saries for the army in the field. This
country has troubles of its own in the
Philippines, and every-.transport carries a
number of the- long-eared brutes. South
ern planters arc buying: these animals to
work in their cotton fields, and represent
atives from the islands in the Pacific are
here for the sp.me puipose.
There is a tremendous pressure on the
I |fl^. I Crippled Womanhood j
%'¦ BSj| /^y^/v^^^^^^"^\ Hi woman wou 'd hesitate a moment to have a physical deformity righted. Few women are lame §g
\ I IK/ /lif^ - Vl »•'- and |indf but a majority of women to-day are crippled physically and mentally by female suffering. ll
1 — )r^l VI (ifl l^L It Irregular menses are sapping their lives and weakening their vitality. Bearing down pains, leucor- SJjh
I v /a^luL )^^ ;wL rnoea an< ' P3P 3 ' 05 m *he head, back, nee * and im " arc disabling them so effectually that few women M
Mi \ lA^xi / \fc B arc found sufficient for all the demands of life. It is to these sufferers that . la
M V'/^ 3—3 — ¦'•¦ a M ' $ ere^ *°' da ,-That Wine of Cardui will cure you v supported by the fact that 1,000,000 women
&L fI - - -«^L. V.:--'.^ r "'¦^¦jf>^ fa have secured relief f rom this wonderful emmenagogue. There are few cases where Wine of Cardui has M
jg SI KV^- 3^ l^^/^ 1 failed to give relief. Presented with these facts can you go on suffering when your druggist is waiting Mi
BVI fl Y^S- m I (m to **" X ou this rcm « d y which will: :'^ive you^ strong nerves and perfect health You need not be a •«*
mI \ / V in! S cripple. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui. ' . J&
\Z\ I I \\J I I jS East Florence, Ala., January 6. 1901.
ill ' \ § •• U ¦ «B I thank you for your kind letter and if I can be of any help to sufferers I will do all 1 can. There is no reason .«f|
9 ! *|| i - \| §& why so many women should suffer so, for Wine of Cardui cures all female weakness. I have thought for a Ion" iffl
lf || >&'•'• • ' H time I would write and tell you what Wine of Cardui has done for me. I had been a sufferer for ten years with ail lgl
ft I I V^^ftr-'^—. 'I"• ' that cou ' d ail a woman - Wine °f Cardui has done me more good than ail the doctors ever did I hist think I can't HEM
5 I / -^^ \^> Hi . live without it. ¦ I keep it all the time. 1 have taken about ten bottles of it and have recommended it to a great M
B I I S\ / 'M many friends and it has done wonders for them. It is a never-failing cure for women. I hope all will try it
f\i m jjr^F, • J ' -!¦¦_-' F! ""• P« "• MITCHELL
WL : . 'di^Bß*'". , ¦ >^3fc#^ . ..;,.; ¦:..-, ; ;P^ For advice- and literature, address, eiynp symptoma, "The Ladies' Advisory *T1
js2V ¦'¦¦;•¦ ! •'¦:.¦ ¦:¦:.-¦ ¦. : , MSL ¦ Department," The Chattanooga ¦ Medicino Company, Chattanooga, Tena.
mule market. There is no corner on
mules, and the agent:-, representing- vari
ous interests are thankful for that. If
there is a rumor that some one in some
of the country districts has some mules
on hand tv/o or three agents fly to him
with princel/ offers. Agents are patrol
ling the entire Pacific flope in quest of the
animals. They find 15. at they are as
scarce as deer in season. An agent from
Memphis thought he would steal a march
on his rivals by going from town to town
on his wheel. The farmers did not take
kindly to him, a? they thought it was not
in good taste for a man to po mule-buy
ing on a bicycle. They thought it was
even worse than the 400 going to the horse
show in an automobile.
Frank Rooker, a local agent, secured
2000 mules for the British Government. On
Saturday last he shipped 1000 to Kansas
City via the Santa Fe Railroad. The oth
er 1000 will be shippod within a week.
Kansas City contractors are handling the
big drove for English contractors. The
Santa Fe has shipped the animals on pas
senger train time.
The buyers for the English Government
are desirous of securing small mules. Old
ones are preferred. So eager are they to
get the small animals that they are will
ing to swap fre larpo ones. As the army
wishes small ones and the plantations
large mules tho exchange is quickly made.
A plantpr fro'n the Fiji group of islands
broupht his own ship over to take the
animals home. He was here last year and
made a largo purchase. This year he has
had a deal of trouble socurincr mules ow
ing to the demand. He finds that the
mule raisers on the Pacific slope stopped
raising the beasts at the wrong time.
CHARLESTON. W. Va., Nov. 19.— Oliver
Dodge and Frank Wilby were instantly killed
and Frank Lancaster of Cleveland and Pearl
and Robert Nicewerner were seriously injured
by an explosion of dynamite in a quarry.
HENEY'S WEAPON
IS VITUPERATION
Turns It Against Oppos
ing Lawyers in the
Nome Cases.
The lawyers who argued In the Nome
contempt cases riddled Attorney W. T.
Hume with elocutionary shots yesterday
morning and afternoon. Joseph K. Wood
began it in the argument in' his own be
half and Francis J. Heney ended the at
tack by shouting at the top of his voice
that there was "no word long or broad
enough in the English language nt to
characterize the infamy of this creature.'"
But Hume was not the only subject of
the denunciation by Attorney Heney. The
last named said many unpleasant things
about the defendants in the mining cases,
climaxing a burst of invective with many
vituperative adjectives-, all of which he
directed toward the men who have come
in direct conflict with Judge Noyes.
Judge Maguire finished^ his argument
for Thomas J. Geary during the flr3t
hours of the morning session. He was
followed by Joseph K. Wood, who told
of his connection with the contemners of
the law. His argument admitted the facts
depended upon to prove a contempt, but
he alleged many mitigating circum
stances. " „
Then came Attorney Heney, who talked
for more than two hours. He devoted
most of his time to a consideration of
the law points involved. He said there
were two kinds of contempt, criminal and
civil, and that the dignity of the court
was the essential thing to be upheld in a
criminal contempt. Running through
common law and equity procedures in
contempt cases, he claimed that the lib
erty of the person was the dearest right
of all. and that it was the especial duty
of courts to see . that this was secured
Technical contempt, without intent, he
felt sure, would not be considered.
When Heney got to the facts of the
case he sought to switch the charge of
conspiracy to the other side. He said:
"I propose to show that there was a
conspiracy, a conspiracy on the part of
defendants to win ¦ those suits by foul
means or fair. That, their purpose was
not to vindicate the dignity of this court
but to vilify Judge Noyes— him"
until he should be removed by the Presi
dent of the United States, or, failing In
this, to use every effort to have put aside
the one man who stood in the way of
their foul deeds." y
Heney's diatribe against the amicuV
curiae for the methods he used in the
taking of the testimony was delivered,
angrily.
The arguments will continue this morn
ing. i»)BrtM
Olympians Will Entertain.
The members of Olympia Grove No 119
of the United Ancient Order of Druids will
give a strictly complimentary and invi
tational "night at home' in its Druidic
Temple, at Fourteenth and Folsoni
streets, next Saturday night. There is ia
be a pleasing programme during the ear-y
part of the evening, after which then*
will be dancing until midnight.
56
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1001
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cmmcniefttimi U W. S. LEASE. sfaa&gtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and TUlrd, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including l'ostasret
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year... $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), I months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). S months I.SO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
6UNDAT CALL, One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear.... 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be*
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. 11 IS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Mirqottts Bulling. Chicago.
tLong Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX. \. . .Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Dalldins
STEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS'.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
'Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIBTGTO* (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
MORTO\ E. CRANE. Correspondent.
J3RAXCH OFFICES— 5" Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Lark'.n. open until
9:10 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — "Carmen."
California— Haverly's Minstrels.
Tivoli— 'A Gaiety Girl."
Central — "King: of the Opium Rinp."
Grand Opera-house — "The Marriage of Figaro."
Alcazar— "Self and Lady."
Columbia— "On the Quiet."
Chute*, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•rren ir.£.
Fiecher' s — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Rare* to-day. ,
AUCTION SALFJS.
By F. H. Chas* & Co.— Thurmlay, November 21, at 11
o'clock. German Government Horsei-, at 1T32 Market street.
By \Ym. G. Laynj;— Thursday evening, November 21, Thor-
oughbred Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By J. J. Doyle — Saturday, November 23, at 11 o'clock.
Seventh street.
THE HERRIN INCUBUS.
WITH the incoming of the new management
of the Market-street railway system the out
look is propitious for the establishment of
excellent relations between the management and its
employes and also between the company and the pub
lic. There is every prospect that the arrogant and domi
neering rule of Vining will give way to a system of
control better fitted to win the respect and retain the
favor of all who are in any way affected by the policy
of the manager-
On taking possession of the San Mateo road the new
managers at once manifested their interest in the wel
fare of the employes and of the public. They have
provided for the employes a gymnasium, a library
and a recreation and club room, where they may spend
much of their leisure time with profit and with ad
vantage. It is thus evident that it is the intention of
the new managers to lighten the work of the em
ployes as much as possible, make the service attractive
as well as profitable and in short to do all in their
power to render the employes satisfied with the com
pany and loyal to its interests.
Similar improvements in the conditions of the em
ployes of the Market-street system may be expected
as soon as the new management can provide plans
for carrying them out. In place of the old domination
there is to be friendlir.ess and a frank recognition of
the rights of the workers. The old order of things is
to give way to one which will be better in every re
spect, and it can hardly be doubted that the improve
ment in the service will be felt not only by the com
pany itself but by the public, to whom the service is
Tendered.
Of course better relations with the public are
rot to be established without opposition and,
as might be expected, the opposition centers
round the person of \Y. F. Herrin. Mr. Her
rin is the attorney for the Spring Valley .Water
(Xompany. the gas company, the Southern Pacific
Railroad and the Market Street Railway Company.
By reason of the influence he has or is supposed to
have through his connection with these corporations,
he is enabled to do a very profitable law business on
his own account, as litigants who have large interests
at stake in the courts are not infrequently willing to
pay him great sums for the use of his signature to a
brief.
Mr. Herrin is useful to the Spring Valley Water
Company and to the gas company because they need
his peculiar influence in dealing with the city govern
ment. The Market-street railway, on the other hand,
has no use for Mr. Herrin at a!!. It requires no great
discernment, however, to perceive that it is to the
interest of the gas company and the water company
to keep Mr. Herrin in the position of attorney for as
many large corporations as they can. Every such
corporation that employs him adds to his power and
increases his usefulness to the two companies that
need him. That, moreover, is not all. The employ
ment of Herrin by the Market Street Railway Com
pany not only gives him more influence in serving
the water and the ga? company, but it also lightens
the payments they have to make him. In fact the
Market-street company is made use of in the service
of the water and the gas company and is made to pay
for the privilege of rendering the service.
San Francisco rightly expects good things of the
new management of her street railways. The record
of the management in other cities is highly encourag
ing to the best hopes that are felt here. It is believed
the new managers will take the company out of poli
tics and that it will be no longer a corrupting force in
municipal affairs. To realize those expectations it will
be necessr.ry for the company to dismiss Herrin. It
will not be enough to say that the company itself does
not employ him corruptly, for it is known that other
corporations will vse him in that way. There is but
one way for the Market-street company to make cer
tain of pleasant and beneficial relations with the pub
lic and that is by the dismissal from the company's
service of W. F. Herrin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
THE railroad combination recently effected has
commanded approval in some quarters because
of its expected demonstration that the united
systems can be operated from one center and, there
fore, that their operation in concentration by the Gov
ernment under public ownership, being possible, will
be so desirable that their acquisition by the Govern
ment will follow.
As we have said heretofore, the evolution of Ameri
can roads from the link to trunk lines, and from trunk
lines to systems, was to secure convenience to their
patrons and economy in operation. This economy,
of course, reappeared in increased profit and this was
divided with the patrons in the form of cheaper rates.
Take what is now the New York Central system
as an illustration. In 1855 the links which now com
pose it charged an average passenger rate of 3.72 cents
per mile. In 1809 the average rate over the same links
consolidated into a system was 1.82 cents per mile.
The average passenger rate on the Central Pacific
in 1872 w.is 3 83 cents per mile, and by 1897 on the
Southern Pacific system, of which the Central had
become a part, the average rate was 1.964 cents per
mile.
Describing the "link" -roads as the primitive and the
"systems" as the improved method, the reduction in
freight rates resulting from the change was on the
New York Central 84 per cent. Pennsylvania Central 80
per cent, Milwaukee and St. Paul 75 per cent, Illinois
Central ~8 per cent, Southern Pacific 64 per cent. In
passenger rates the average in this country in 189S
was 1994 cents per mile, while the rate in Great Brit
ain for first-class passengers was 4.24 cents and for
third class 2.02 cents, in France first class 4.04, Ger
many 3.03. Russia 3.63, Austria 3.83, Italy 3.63, Hol
land 323, Belgium 2.42 cents per mile. This includes
the group affected by government ownership of the
roads, and in them all the rate for second-class passen
gers is higher than our first-class rate, and in most of
them the third-class rate is higher than our average.
In all of the continental countries which own and
operate government roads private corporations also
own and operate roads. Italy appointed a commission
to report on government ownership in respect to its
economy compared with corporate ownership. That
commission reported that in the six countries, Aus
tro-Hungary. Germany. Belgium, Denmark, Norway
and Sweden, the ratio of expenses to earnings on gov
ernment roads was 67.66 and on private roads 56.16
per cent. So that in that group the cost of govern
ment operation exceeded private operation by 20.7
per cent.
The same commission reported that in France the
ratio of expense to 'earnings was, on government
roads 81.5, on private roads 53.8; Germany, 54.9 to
54.2; Netherlands, 59.9 to 51.9.
The Italian commission reported that: "The state
is essentially a political institution, which has for its
object the protection of private rights and the pro
motion of public good, net the exercise of industrial
pursuit*; that railroad management could not be con
sidered a state function: that the state should not or
could not undertake that which should be left for the
citizen?, cither alone 01 associated, to do; that it re
etricted the field of individual action and enterprise,
was a social and political injury and tended to dimin
ish liberty."
Thereupon Italy divested herself of railway manage
ment by turning the state roads over to private par
ties, and in three years the wages of the employes
were increased 14 per cent and the ratio of expenses
to earnings decreased.
The Government statistician of New South Wales
reports that in Australia the Government railroads
cost $64,450 per mile, while private lines operating in
the same territory cost only $18,000 to $36,000 per
mile. The earnings of the Government roads, charg
ing three to four t*mes the rates of the United States,
were 3.02 per cent, ana the interest paid was 3.99 per
cent, leaving or. annual deficit of .97, or nearly 1 per
cent, that was levied as a general tax on the people,
amounting to, $5,607,063, which they had to pay in ad
dition to railroad rates three to four times higher
than in the United States.
These £re authentic statistics and they prove be
yond dispute that in the conduct of industrial en
terprises government waste is equal to corporate
profit. We have contended that if submitted to proper
accounting and actuary methods it would be demon
strated that the same rule holds good in the munici
pal ownership and operation of such public utilities as
gas, water and street railways. The same infirmity is
found to be common to strong autocratic govern
ments like Russia, bureaucratic systems like Germany
and qualified democracies like France and Australia,
and if there are any reasons for anticipating anything
different under our popular form of government they
are not yet proved.
It is said the President and Mrs. Roosevelt have
been forced to abandon their plan of holding informal
Friday afternoon receptions because of the mob of
people that attend them. Evidently Washington has
become too large a city for our Presidents to con
tinue customs that were good enough in the past. At
the present time there is a sufficient number of
sightseers in Washington at nearly all seasons to
overrun any official who would undertake to see them
all.
THE MERCHANTS' BANQUET.
THE annual banquet of the Merchants' Associa
tion has ndw become something like. an estab
lished institution of the city. It is to be hoped it
will flourish from generation to generation. It brings
together in a spirit of harmony and congeniality men
of all parties who have taken a prominent part in the
upbuilding of the city and helps to brighten and stimu
late the spirit of civic patriotism.
Public it terest in the banquet this year was some
what diminished by the absence of Mayor-elect
Schmitz, who was expected to speak on municipal
betterment. There is, of course, a good deal of curi
osity to hear from him a direct statement of the pro
gramme he will pursue in office, and it was believed the
desire would be fully gratified by his address at the
banquet. In the inevitable disappointment caused by
his absence, due to sickness in his family, there is
something of gratification in the frank letter of ac
ceptance he had written on receiving the invitation
and which was read during the evening.
In the letter Mr. Schmitz renewed the declarations
made to the public through The Call immediately af
ter the election. Among other things the letter says
'•ln the present circumstances it is with especial pride
that I embrace the privilege of being with you in or
der that I may present to you and your association
the views I have always expressed through my entire
campaign with my election/that through me the rec
ognition of the wage earners of San Francisco does
not mean an industrial or social revolution, that it
does not imply a destruction of vested interests or the
injury of property rights, but that it indicates that the
constantly reiterated imputation of the irresponsibility
of the honest working classes is without foundation;
that all elements of our community are entitled to fair
and equal consideration and that under my adminis
tration there is just reason to hope that the relations
between capital and labor will be so adjusted that
peace and prosperity will reign without interruption
throughout this great city of ours."
With the sentiments thus expressed there will be,
of course, no disagreement. Mr. Schmitz during the
campaign had the misfortune to appear as a class can
didate, but of course he cannot be a class Mayor. Ho
is now to be the chief magistrate of the city and conse
quently stands as the representative of all the people.
It is certainly the wish of the whole community that
his administration should be marked by peace and
prosperity, and his efforts to that end will not lack
of support from all good citizens.
For the rest, the speeches of the banquet were elo
quent in the statement of things done and in the
promise of better things to be accomplished hereafter.
The tone of every address was wholesome and san
guine, as befits a city of optimists. The evening, in
fact, was a memorable one, and the Merchants' Asso
ciation scored another brilliant success to add to its
annals.
Figures compiled by the Bureau of Statistics at
Washington show that Great Britain had in 1900 a
little over 17 per cent of the foreign trade of the
world, Germany had something more than 11 per
cent and the United States a little more than 10 per
cent. The showing is not quite what we would like,
but we have the satisfaction of knowing that our
share is increasing and in a few years will be the big
gest of the bunch.
THE CANAL TREATY.
DISPATCHES from Washington announcing
the signing of the new canal treaty by Secre
tary Hay and Lord Pauncefote state that while
the exact language of the treaty will not be made pub
lic until after its submission to the Senate,' yet there
is every assurance that the summary given to the
press some days ago is essentially correct. We have
therefore a fairly comprehensive knowledge of the
terms of the new arrangement, and there seems to be
no reason to doubt they will be satisfactory to both
nations. Thus the long wrangle over the subject
seems to be ended at last and one of the greatest ob
stacles in the way of the construction of the canal
is about to be removed.
The virtual effect of the new treaty is to eliminate
Great Britain from the problem. The old f joint guar
antee arrangement devised in the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty is set aside. There is to be no longer any
thing in the way of a partnership between ourselves
and Great Britain in the control of the canal. We
are to have a free hand in arranging for the construc
tion of the canal, for its maintenance and defense and
for its neutrality.
The terms are not enly satisfactory to us, but they
can hardly be less so to Great Britain. One of the
objections made by British diplomatists to the forti
fication of the can v ul by the United States was that
as Great Britain was a partner to the guarantee of
neutrality, her Government might be held responsible
by other powers for what the United States might
do in the matter. Under the old treaty no one could
question the validity of that objection. The new
treaty sets it aside altogether. Great Britain is to
have no more to do with the canal than Germany or
France, and her diplomatists need have no more anx
iety on the subject.
The British press generally appears to approve the
treaty, h is true the London Chronicle complains
that the British Foreign Secretary, Lord Lansdowne,
"has surrendered everything without compensation,"
but the Chronicle is naturally inclined to make a
point against the Ministry whenever it can, and, more
over, it seems to have a special spite against Lans
downe. Something must be allowed for the play of
partisan politics. The other leading papers in Lon
don have heartily commended the terms of the treaty
that have been made public. The Pall Mall Gazette
says: "We are surrendering a right we would never
think seriously of exercising but which might be in
fringed at any moment to the grave detriment of
British dignity." That seems to be the prevailing
opinion in London and it is unquestionably well
founded. Whatever rights Great Britain may have
had in the proposed waterway have long since been
rendered obsolete by the changed conditions of the
world, and it is wisdom on the part of her statesmen
to recognize the fact iAd act upon it instead of waiting
until the recognition is forced upon them, and what
now passes as concessions would appear as surrender.
The London Times says: "It is premature to as
sume that all difficulties have been overcome and that
the Senate will ratify the treaty." The warning may
be taken here as well as in London. The opponents
of the canal defeated the undertaking of the enter
prise last year by attacking the treaty which was then
submitted. They are men of ingenuity and it is not
impossible that they will find some pretense upon
which to make an attack upon the new one. Over
and over again prospects as bright as those which now
appear before the great enterprise have been blighted.
We may sure the fight is- not yh abandoned by the
great forces which have so long baffled the will of
the people. Even now nothing but a resolute expres
sion of public sentiment can make sure of the begin
ning of the work of construction during the coming
year.
The newly adopted constitution of Alabama not
only excludes negroes from the exercise of the fran
chise, but it also provides that the Legislature shall
meet but once in four years and State elections are to
be held at the same intervals, so that practically the
black man will be about as good as the white in State
affairs f^r three years out of every four.
Baltimore has a young woman who went out on the
street about midnight with a bottle of laudanum in
one hand and a pistol in the other and tearfully im
plored evtrv man she met to keep her from commit
ting suicide, so now we may as well be on th« look
out for a new aspirant for the honor of elevating the
stage.
It is stated that a single exhibitor at the New York
automobile show made sales during the exposition
amounting to something like $1,000,000, which is only
another proof that a society fad sometimes develops
big business for those who know how to appeal to it.
Tillman beat McLaurin in the field of South Caro
lina politics, but it is to be noted that McLaurin .is
invited to attend every kind of industrial, commer
cial or financial convention held in the South, while
Tillman is invited not even to a county fair.
It is said that King George of Greece can plow
milk, cut wheat and bind it; but what American so
ciety really wishes to know about his Royal Highness
is whether he plays golf.
AUSPICIOUS OPENING OF BAZAAR
GIVEN FOR BENEFIT OF A CHURCH
SCENE AT THE BAZAAR FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CHURCH OF ST. MARY THE VIRGIN, WHICH OPENED
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, AND THE POPULAR RECTOR AND ONE OF THE QUINTET OF PRETTY
"JAPANESE MAIDENS. '
? — +
THE bazaar for the benefit of the
Churcli of St. Mary the Virgin
was opened yesterday under aus
picious circumstances. There was
a generous attendance in the after
noon and evening and the various booths
reaped a golden harvest. Pretty girls in
dainty Japanese tea gowns and demure
little maidens attired In Puritan costumes
served tea and other light ret'reshments
to the visitors, while the matrons dis
coursed on the quality of needlework and
bric-a-brac and the male members of the
church parted with their money with a
grace that was becoming.
The hall adjoining the snereel edifice
presented n handsome appearance. Cut
flowers and potteil plants, bunting and
flags were used profusely in the decora-
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. T. A.. Keab'.es of the Veterans'
Home is a guest at the Grand.
George R. Stewart, a well known cattle
man of Crows Landing, is registered at
the Grand.
H. J. Small, superintendent of construc
tion of the Sacramento division of the
Southern Pacific, is making a flyins trip
to this city and is quartered at the Pal
ace.
V. L.. Tenney, a prominent merchant of
Honolulu, is at ths Grand Hotel with
Mrs. Tenney and their son. They will
make a tour of the East before returning
to the islands.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— E. R. Abdie, at the Hoff
man; H. A. Cohen, at the Murray Hiil;
Mrs. J. A. Darling. Miss E. H. Hastings,
at the Kensington; L. McCreery, at the
Everett. Oakland— Dr. A. L. Cunning
ham, at the Murray Hill.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The follow
ing Californlans have arrived at the ho
tels: Shoreham— Mrs. John M. Wright,
Miss B. Wright, San Francisco; Arling
ton — Charles' J. George, Los Angeles;
AVillard— Professor H. Gilbert Coyle, San
Francisco; Ebbitt— J. C. Garrett, Sim
Francisco.
A CHANCE 10 SMILE.
"This, my noble friend," said the poet,
as he laid a written scroll on the editor's
desk, "is a bit of fugitive verse."
"And you," responded the editor, after
a perfunctory glance at the manuscript,
"bad better follow its example."— Tit-Bits.
"Borus appears to think his new novel
is going to make a great man of him."
"Eh?"
"Yes. I saw him at work yesterday,
with a pen and sheet of paper, evolvinsr
a signature that looked like a rail fence
in a tornado."— Chicago Tribune.
Street Car Conductor— Smoking allowed
on the three rear seats only, sir.
Irritable Passenger (who has used up
all his matches trying to light his cigar)—
Confound you, can't you see I'm not
smoking?— Chicago Tribune.
"The funeral sermon was so effective I
couldn't help crying."
"I might have shed tears, too, but the
dye in my veil runs so."— Philadelphia
Times.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado
Coronado Beach, Cal.. eftective after April 15
J6O for round trip, including 15 days at hotel
Pacific Coast S. B. Co.. 1 New Montgomery sc.
tlons. The adjoining tents were also
tastefully decorated with lanterns and
greens.
A musical programme was rendered dur
ing the evening by Mrs. W. Hopper's
Mandolin Club. The grab-bag booth liter
ally coined money and the refreshment
tent was crowded to overflowing.
The bazaar will remain oaen until next
Thursday evening. It is reld under the
auspices of the ladies of the Altar So
ciety and the supervision of the Rev.
Stephen Innes, rector of the church, and
his assistant. Rev. Walter H. Ratcliffe.
St. Mary the Virgin Church is Anglo-
Catholio. It has a regular mass and all
of the ceremonies observed in the Catholic
churches throughout the world, with the
possible exception that everything is In
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DUKE OF FlFE— Subscriber. City. The
title of the husband of Ix>uise. Victoria,
eldest daughter of King Edward VII, is
Duke Of Fife.
PLANTS TO AN ACRE— B.. Reedley.
Cal. An acre of ground will hold 520
plants set out in rows ten feet apart and
eight feet between plants.
THIRTY-THIRD DEGREE— L. D. 8..
City. Any young Mi-son, irrespective of
religion, is ellg'ble to tr.e honorary thirty
third degree el Masonry if deserving of
1 l;e honor.
DATE PALM— X., Orovllle. Cal. For
Information about the date p;ilm in Cali
fornia address a lettt-r of inquiry to the
Horticulture Board. Sacramento. Cal., or
the Agricultural Experimental Station.
University of Callforna. Berkeley.
EARTH'S REVOLUTION— C. R. Ne
vada City. Cal. The oarth. as a member
of the solar system, moves with the other
planets around the sun from west to east.
This is contrary to our sensible Impres
sions, according to winch the sun seems
to move arouni the earth; and It was not
until a few centuries :<go that men were
able to overcome this Illusion. For addi
tional information see trre Copernlcan sys
tem in any first-class cyclopedia.
WATERPROOF CANVAS— T.. City.
Three baths are required to make canvas
waterproof. These baths are prepared as
follows: The first by dissolving one part
neutral sulphace of alumina (non-concen
trated alum cake) in ten parts of cold
water. For the second boil one part of
light resin, one part ot soda crystals and'
ten parts of water till the soda ts dis
solved. Add one-third part of common
salt to separate the water and collect the
soap. Dissolve this soap in thirty parts of
water. This soap batl> must be u»ed fcot.
The third bath consists of water only.
Soak the canvas thoroughly in the first
or alum bath, next pr.ss it through the
soap bath, then rinse in water. A water
proof varnish for canvas is made by boll
ing together until thoroughly incorporated
two quarts of linseed oil and one-half
pound of flour of sulphur.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c p«r lb at Townaend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t*i»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mom
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
New Zealand has In Its edelweiss a plant
differing but slightly from the famous
Swiss variety.
When the hair Is thin ami #my Parker's Hair
Balsam renews the growth and color.
Hindercorns. the b*-st cure for corns. 15 cv.
the English Instead of the Latin tongue.
All the masses of the masters are trans
posed into English by John Haraden
Pratt, F. C. M., organist and director of
the choir.
The various booths were presided over
by the following members of the congre
gation:
Church photographs— Paul d« Leon:
fancy work tables— Mrs. P. H. Dawson,
Mrs. H. G. Newhall and Mrs. Oscar T.
Webber: utility table— Mrs. J. Dellarzo;
sacred pictures— Mrs. Julia Simmons, Miss
Lucy Dellarzo and Mrs. Xeabitt; church
literature— Raymond Lockwood; orange
tree — Miss Rose Nodder: grab bag- — Mi=3
Edi'h Parry: refreshment committee-
Mrs. B. N. de Leon, Mrs. John Harold
Philip and Mrs. George Sneath; Japanese
maidens— Misses Gertrude and Alice Pos
tal. Miss Olga Herman, Miss Margaret
Van Deerlin and Miss Christine Judah;
Puritan maidens — Miss Ethel Van Deer
lin, Misses Alice and Helen Woodward
and Miss Alice Lockwocrd.
The bazaar will be open afternoons from
2 to 3, and in the evening from 8 to 10
o'clock.
B.KATSCHINSKi
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAM FRAHGISCO.
BOYS' SHOES THAT WEAR.
Boys are naturally hard on their shoes.
Continually romping and playing ! they
soon knock their shoes out. So we are
ottering a special bargain. Boys* satin
calf lace shoes, coin toes and tips and
double soles that will give good ser-
vice :
Youths' sizes. 11 to 2 «>,v,
Boys' sizes, 2\\ to 3 1 ,*... £1.15
Ws% f DC
A Bargain in Children's and
Misses' Shoes.
Box c<rlf button and lace shoes with
coin tors and tips, durable soles and
spring heels: reduced as follows:
' Child's sizes. 9 to 11 7So
Misses' nixes. 11 ,4 to 3 »3o
Make your shoes water proof by vis-
colizins them. We sell vlacol oil at £>c
a bottle.
Country orders solicited.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD STREET.
San Francisco.AHTTSEMENTS.
* &RAND OPERA HOUSE
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA.
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
TO-NIGHT at S, "CARMEN."
Calve and Suzanne Adams; Salignac, Declery
and Scotti. Conductor, Flon.
To-morrow Ev'g at 7:45. 'DIE MEISTER-
SINGER." Gadskl, Sehumann-Heink; Dip-
pel. Bispham. Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke.
Conductor, Damrosch.
Friday Kg. Nov. £2, at 8. ¦'CARMEN."
Calve and Suzanne Adams; De Marchi, De-
clery and Scotti. Conductor Flon.
Sat. Matinee. Nov. 23, at 2, "LOHENGRIN."
Eames. Schumann-Heink; Van Dyck, Bisp-
ham, Muhlniar-n and Blass. Conductor, Dam-
rosch.
Saturday EVg. Nov. 23, at 8, "IL BARBIERE
Dl SIVJtGLIA" l"he Barber of Seville). Sem-
brich; Balig-nac, Campanari, Taveccnia and
Ed de Reszke. Conductor, Seppilli.
Sunday Ev'g, Nov. 24, at 8, Second Grand
Sunday Night Performance at Popular Prices.
Only joint appearance of Mme. Gadskl and
Mme. Sybil Sanderson. "THE HUGUENOTS,"
with on extraordinary cast. Gadski, Louise
Homer and Sybil Sanderson; Dippel, fecottl,
Muhlmann and Journet. Conductor. Fion.
Seats for any of the above performances now
on sale at the Box Office.
Prices for Regular Performances $2, $3, ?4,
$j and P. General admission, $2.
Prices for Sunday Night Performances $1, $2,
?2 50 and S3. Boxes— $15 and $18.
Repertoire for the Third and Last "Week
Mon. EVg.. Nov. £5, at S. "FAUST." Calve,
-— Bridewell; Salignac, Campanari and Ed de
? Re«zk<\ Conductor, Seppilli
Tues. EVp.. Nov. 26. at 7:45, "DIE VTALK-
T RE ' names, Schumann-Heink. Reuss-Belce;
Van Dyck. Blass, Bispham. Conductor, Dam-
rosch.
Wed. Ev'g., Nov. 27. at 7:43— DOUBLE BILL
—Only joint appearance of Mme. Calve and
Mme. Sembrich.. "DON PASQUALE." Sem-
brich: Scotti and Salignac. To be followed by
"CAVALLERIA RUSTIC ANA' 1 — and
Fritzi ScneS ; Campanari and De Marchi. Con-
ductor, Flon.
SPECIAL NOTICE. •
In compliance with numerous requests for
En opportunity to hear Mme. Sybil Sanderson
at an afternoon performance, the management
respectfully announce an extra matinee for
Thurs. Aft.. Nov. 28, at 2. when will be per-
formed "ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Sybil San-
derson. Bridewell; Journet, Gilibert "Declery
Salig-nac. 'Conductor, Flon
The following scale of prices will prevail-
Orchestra and Dress Circle, Front Rows... ss 00
Orchestra and Dress Circle, Rear Rows... 4 00
Family Circle 3 00
Gallery, Reserved '.".*.!!!!11!!!!1!!!!! 200
Boxes— sl2, $U and $i"8. """"
The repertoire for the balance of the week
will be announced later.
The sale of seats for any of the above per- '
formances will bepin THIS MORNING at the '
box office. WEBER PIANOS USED.
UATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, Nov. 20. j
• Parquet, any seat. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Children I
•j »r.y part except reserved, 10c.
VAUDEVILLE PINNACLE!
fvaufmann Troupe. Ward and Curran,
Bicknell. The Girl with the Auburn |
Hair. Fraser Troupe, Fred Niblo, !
Joseph Adelman. Lillian Burkhart j
and Company, and the Biograph. !
- j
ULil ITI EH M LEADING THEATM
THIS AND NEXT WEEK
EVERY NIGHT (including Sunday)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
WILLIAM JL
COLLIER TPI
:n Augustus Thomas' phenom- HI Ira
ena'.ly successful comedy. ft ||
j "ON THE QUIET." IS
» SPECIAL MATINEE ' »
thanksgiving DAY.
t Ti
EVEN WITH the TIMES. TO-NIGHT ALL ;
THIS WEEK, MATINEE SATURDAY.
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON
INSTRJELS,
Headed ty the Greatest Minstrel of ths ace
GEORGE WILSON. " '
And a Most Complete Organization of
:«> others Hi)
GRAND STREET PARADE DAILY
OFEN AIU CONCERT EVERY EVENING."
SEATS READY.
Next. Sunday. Nov. 24— The Everlasting
Swedish Comedy Success.
row rojvsoi*.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 2S
SEATS TO-MORROW.
*tTvpli*
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS ¦
WEEK AT I SHARP!
Matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2 Sharp'
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
i JUVENILE OPERA CO.
THIS WEEK ONLY!
A Gaiety Girl
Monday. Nov. 25— "THE GEISHA.'
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc. 50c and 75c.
Telephone— Bush S.
rt.VH EAT R CM *
ELASCO & THALL .../.. .Managers
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A NEW COMEDY hit.
\ "SELF AND LAD
n^t~^ l ~^r~, ( ~Lj~^t-_T}—r~—i~i—r^—i-t~ L j~^ t -_T}—r~—i~i—r^—i-t 1-1 n r"i 1-1 r-i r- <<->— — — - '
ONE WEEK ONLY.
NEXT— THANKSGIVING WEEK.
WE S UNS OF TENNESSEE.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day, Nov. It.
Seats on Sale 6 Days in Advance.
BEt&SCOABaTHJU.ES^tffIp
,iy a fflwsrcnr ««i
~ TO-NIGHT. Every '
KTI ta. TI w Matinees is Week,
1 1%4 H w MaUnees Saturday
l\ I 1 'AJ and Sunday. -
* "¦"* Elaborate Produc-
v"v w~* t 1 I II" tion of the '
Or 1 rlO Greatest of All
Celestial Dramas.
_____ Come and see a
4~~\ W^k f F T IITI reflection of China-
U L- £»--*' I [ I / V town on our mam-
VJ" a^ XL V-f 1T » moth stag.-.
PRICES:
— T7 Hk. T _T> Ev'frf 10c to 50c
I I l\J M — Mati'ns..loo._lsc, 25c
1%. ii i. > V-« "SIBERIA."
EXTRA MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS. .
On one side of these magnificent
hoteis is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
, the city— depots, ferries and parks—
"w- pass tiio entrance.
- \ American and European plans.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
TREMENDOUS CROWD FILLS THE OPERA HOUSE
TO ENJOY THE ART OF EAMES AND SEMBRICH
"Le Nozze di Figaro"
the Hit of the
Season.
Biggest Triumph
Achieved in
Years.
Blanche Partington
A GLORIOUS cast, a splendid per
formance and the largest house
of the season is the tale of last
night's grand opera, with "Le
Nozze di Figaro" for the bill.
This is opera in its lusty youth, writ
when the day was young and the lark
sang high in the air. There is the dew
and freshness of the morning about it,
brave sunshine an^ bubbling laughter.
No smell of the lamp is here, but the
clean fragrance of the young spring. The
whole opera breathes immortal youth,
strength, gayety, freedom. It blends grave
and gay with magic art, and lifts the lis
teners to a hilarious joy in mere living as
it was interpreted last night. It is music
at its simplest, purest, happiest, and its
grace will continue to gladden as long as.
there are singers like last night's to in
terpret its thousand and one delights.
Last night's house was enthusiastic to
a degree, with every reason for its being
so. The cast, that included Eames, Sem
brich. Fritzi Scheff., De Reszke and Cam
par.ari. was without a flaw, down to its
least important members, and the or
chestra, under Mr. Seppilli's leadership,
was at its very most.
The conjunction of Eames and Sembrich
in the cast naturally was the chief inter
est of the evening and each essayed a
part admirably suited to her powers,
Eames as the Contessa and Sembrich as
Susanna. Sembrich has a little the purer
Mozartean flavor in her work, but Eames
was adorable as the Contessa. The concert
ed efforts of the two divas were a mar
vel. The rich warmth of Sembrich's voice
and the cool purity of Eames' made deli
cious harmony, and the famous "letter
duet," in which now one, now the other,
¦he combined sweetness of both
voices is heard, was a superbly beautiful
effort. Sembrich leans naturally to com
edy, and the shrewd coquettish wailing
maid was as splendidly played as sung
by this incomparable artist. She was in
lovely voice and was tumultuously wel
comed by the house. Eames, as usual,
was a beautiful picture as the Contessa
and Bang in the friendly rivalry of the
evening at her beautiful best. Her "Dovt
Sono" was given with all the fine and fin
ished grace of which Mme. Eames is so
richly possessed and was awarded an im
mense encore. This is Mme. Eames' first
appearance here out of German opera and
though that would seem to be her moro
familiar atmosphere, she was admiraoly
at home in Mozart's masterpiece.
Fritzi Scheff and Miss Bauermeistor
were the Cherubino and Marcellina of tha
< as: and Miss Baucrmeister was mora
than usually sufficient as Marcellina.
Fritzi Scheff scored a triumph in h<?r
usual piquant fashion as Cherubino. She
hit ihe boyish impertinenfs air to a nice
ty was awkward, impudent and amorous
by turns in a way that fulfilled all neces
sary requirements. She fell over ncr
sk'rt as if she had never seen one at her
heels before, and stuck out her elbovs
a well as she sung "Voi che Sapete. '
which was quite admirably indeed. The
house thought s=o. and Miss Fritzi wu.s
bound to repeat the dainty aria.
ADVEBTISEMENTS!
BATABRH *«»
CONSUMPTION
Their Cause and How Contracted.
Catarrh and consumption are germ dis-
eases in every sense of the word, local in
nature and not hereditary or blood dis-
eases. The germs of both diseases may
be taken in the stomach or injected into
the blood without endangering a person's
health in the least. But let these germ.-
become dry and inhaled in the air we
breathe, then if there Is any irritated or
sore spots, such as are caused by coughs
and colds, on the membrane lining the
air passage, these germs attach them-
selves to these spots, receive nourishment
from them and multiply with astonish-
ing rapidity.
The old theory that germs of these dis-
eases are carried by the blood to the dif-
ferent parts of the body has long since
been exploded. The germs themselves re-
main in the head and lungs and it is the
product of their digestion (a poison called
toxine) that finds its way into the circu-
lation, causing coughs, emaciation, fever
and weakness, these being symptoms of
and not the disease itself.
Up to the present time there is only
one permanent cure # for these diseases
i known, and according to Government sta-
tistics this treatment has reduced the
death rate from catarrh and consump-
tion 33 per cent yearly since its discov-
ery. Such authority as this cannot be
disputed and no person affected with
these diseases has any right or excuse to
jeopardize their lives by using other rem-
edies.
Hyomei, the new Australian dry air
germicide, cures coughs, catarrh and
conEumution because it is the only one
which can be inhaled in the air we
breathe and this the only way by which
the germs causing these diseases can be
reached and destroyed. "•
Hyomei is sold by all druggists or sent
by mail. Hyomei Outfits $1.00. Trial
Outfits Be. Hyomei Balm 25c. .
The K. T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
gl|^ RACING
?^£p|s£d^a^V T\ery Week Day—
•St Rain or Shine.
i< EW CALIFORNIA JuCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start, at 2:15 d. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:20, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stepping at the entrance jto the
track. Last two cars on train reserved; for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
j cars to direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and li.gr.
CHUTES AND_ZOO E r d y E A g oon
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LATEST MOVING PICTURES.
HARRY HARMON. HIGH DIVER.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
THE AMATEURS— .
and a FAT LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
-;. ¦ Telephone for Seats, Park 23. ,
FISCHER'S concert house,
i IOUIILH O Acmixsion lOc. - :;
The Lenton Trio. Marlon Georjfe, Elaine
Brothers, Edna Ham! in, -W. V. Strunz. Karle
and Bailey. Eleanora Jenkins and Hlnrichs'
Orchestra. Reserved Beats Be. Matinee Sunday.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
De Reszke, master of every style, last
night was the Count Almaviva, which is
equivalent to saying ..hat it was done in
a fashion that would have gladdened Mo
zart's heart had he been there to see. Da
Reszke is never in anything but good
voice. He always looks everything he un
dertakes. He' sings his parts always as
they should be sung, and last night's was
simply another in the tale of his achieve
ments. Mr. Campanari was the Figaro,
and though it is not 'juite so forceful a.
creation as his Marcel in "La Boheme" —
where I think him at his best — it was s-;i;
isfying and effective work. In Mr. Tavec
chia, new, if I mistake not, here, there
was a good Bartolo, with the appropriate
buffo air, and Mr. Reiss was a vocally
agreeable Basilic The minor parts w?re
all well cared :"or, the chorus effective ancl
the modest SeppHli was at last drawn to
tho stage to bow acknowledgments for his
excellent work at the conductor's desk.
One's mind keeps returning now to one
now to another Diece of exquisiteness—
Cherubino's and Susarna's little whisper
ing duet; the marvelous bit of concerted
work at the end of act one. with the sev ¦
en voices; the fresh, gossipy orchestra
tion—but there's no end to it. Calve to
night can hardly be a greater triumph;
but we wait.
TELLS WITNESS
HE "SQUEALS"
Robert Ammon Enlivens
the Franklin Syndi
cate Case.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— There was a fur
ther hearing before Referee John A. Stra
ley to-day in connection with the failure
of Seymour, Johnson & Co., into which it
is alleged went some of the money earned
by the "520 per cent" Franklin syndicate,
and it developed some bitterly sarcastic
encounters between principals and wit
nesses.
Robert Ammon, counsel for the Frank
lin syndicate, was the first witness heard,
but he declined to answer many ques
tions on the ground that he was under
arrest for his connection with the syndi
cate. He swore that he had placed $140,
00 of the syndicate's money with Sey
mour, Johnson & Co., but that he had
withdrawn $10,000 and that Alfred R. Gos
lin had drawn $30,000 of the sum. He also
testified that Goslin had drawn $73,000
from the defunct firm of Seymour, John
son & Co.
Goslin followed Ammon on the stand
and said that Ammon's testimony about
the money he had withdrawn from Sey
mour, Johnson & Co. was false. Goslin
then said that a number of financial trans
actions of the defunct firm had been dis
honest and Ammon interrupted to accuse
him of "squealing."
and the
I take much pleasure in saying
that the Weber Grand has Riven me
the greatest satisfaction for. accom-
panying the voice.
JOHANNA GADSKI.
Used exclusively by Grau Opera
Co.'s artists.
CLARK WISE & CO,,
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grani Aye ,
TOLE AGENTS.
THE OPERATIC STARS WHO
CHARMED AN IMMENSE AU
DIENCE LAST NIGHT.
ISSUES ILLEGAL
LICENSES TO WED
Mistake of a Portland
Judge Causes Con
sternation.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— Six Portland
honeymoon parties have been called back
| to be remarried. This strange predicament
; has caused a local sensation, as many of
the persons concerned are among the
most prominent in local society.
Since the death of County Clerk Holmes
last Thursday the marriage mill has boon
grinding as fast as usual and the would
be benedicts desiring licenses have been
accommodated by County Judge Cake.
To-day his attention "was called to an
opinion expressed by a leading attorney
that the licenses issued by him were ille
gal. He looked up authorities and, to his
consternation found that he had issued
illegal licenses to a half dozen coupies,
whose marriages were solemnized with
due ceremony, after which the honeymoon
parties went" speeding to various parts of
the country.
When Judge Cake announced to-day in
the court room that the licenses issued
since the death of County Clerk Holmes
were illegal, as he had no authority under
the Oregon code to issue them, there was
consternation in the families whose
daughters, traveling on honeymoon trips,
were not in lawful wedlock.
Telegrams were sent in all directions,
and many of the newly wedded husbands
and wives were advised to get married
"for keeps'' as soon as they could. In
the meantime the cupids of the County
Clerk's office were advised to shut down
the marriage factory. This was immedi
ately done. Eeverai couples whose wed
dings had been arranged were in a great
predicament and appealed to the Circuit
judges to marry tnem, but to no avail.
Several marriages were consummated in
Vancouver, Wash., which is the Gretna
Green for this neighborhood.
The persons affected by Judge Cakes
announcement are: Edwin E. Cox and
Nelli* Victor Tozier, J. H. Wigle and
Mrs. Mary Nelmo, A. F. Butelspacher
and Sophia C. Nattestad, John M. Hutter
and Belle Taylor, St. Clair F. Stenner
and Anna Gundlach, Charles E. Proud
foot and Edith Bourgdahl.
This morning a license was issued for
Guy E. Reynolds and Annie J. Wright,
but before Reynolds left the office the or
der not to make out any more licenses
was received. The license was revoked
and his money was returned to him. The
I young man was greatly agitated and
rushed into Judge Cake's chambers to
ascertain the cause of the difficulty.
Some one had told him that a nunc pro
tune order would fix it, and he asked the
Judge to help him out in that way, but
the Judge informed him that "nunc pro
tune" did not go in marriage license
cases. If he procured a license and got
married it could not be "nunc pro tunct
ed."
Reynolds went upstairs and sought the
advice of Judge George, with the same re
sult. Judge George opined that only the
County Clerk could issue marriage li
censes, and he was dead. The young man
next tackled Commissioner Mack, and In
quired what could be done about it, and
Mack to!d him the only thing he could do
was to go to Vancouver, "Washington, and
I get a license.
MADAME CALVE
IS TO APPEAR
THIS EVENING
"CARMEN."
By Bizet.
Carmen Mme. Calve
Frasquita...Miss Bauenneister
Mercedes.. Mme. Van Cauteren
Micaela
Mme. Suzanne Adams
Don Jose Mr. Salig-nac
Zuniga Mr. Declery
Morales Mr. Duf riche
Dancairo Mr. Gilibert
Remendado Mr. Reiss
Escamillo Mr. Scotti
Conductor Mr. Flon
FOREIGN EYES
ON NEW TREATY
A French Journal Says
Great Britain's Sub
mission Is Complete.
PARIS, Nov. 19.— The Journal dcs De
bats says to-day it regards the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty as a signal victory for
Washington, and adds:
"The submission of England is as com
plete as the American Senate could wish.
It is interesting to again note that Eng
land cannot live at peace with the United
States except at the cost of perpetual
concessions and sacrifices."
The Temps sees in the treaty a striking
demonstration of mutual good will of two
powers who have long been animated by
unfriendly sentiments toward one an
other, and, above all, of the value Great
Britain sets on securing even by sacri
ficing certain interests the good graces of
American public opinion.
The treaty itself, the Temps also says,
MW ."5- Wains' Gi'Sat NoVeT
I The I
—-^ .^ Hv |_________i_B_____
[portion cf Labor
| A Jiudy of
I An American girt 1
The CHICAGO POST say si "It shows the work of a master hand."
ILLUSTRATED. $1.50.
n ane n Harper & Brothers Nc cit Y y ork
Aisles Blocked Con
trary to the
Law.
Women Scream and
Faint in the
Crush.
THE Fire Commissioners and Chief
of the Fire Department Sullivan
are not likely to allow a repetition
of the flagrant violation of the or
dinances governing theaters that
was witnessed last night at the Grand
Opera House, when an enormous audience
gathered to hear the great cast of Grau
singers in "Le Nozze di Figaro."
Although every seat in the theater was
sold out, the management allowed the sale
of general admission tickets, well know
ing that the purchasers could not be ac
commodated in the building without en
dangering the lives and limbs of the
throng-.
The scene in front of the Grand Opera
House and in the lobby of the building for
an hour previous to the opening of the
doors was a tribute to the Grau singers,
but it was not in keeping with the doings
of society.
Two police officers were powerless to
keep order in the lobby and in front of the
building, while at the entrance to the gal
lery a wild scene was enacted. Hundreds
of men and women struggled to make
their way to the ticket sellers, and when
they secured the coveted pieces of paste«
board the management would not allc*
them to enter the theater, the reason be
ing given that the reserved seat holders
must be first allowed to take their seats.
Women screamed and dresses were torn
to ribbons in the lobby of the opera house
until finally the word was given to allow
the holders of general admission tickets
to enter the theater.
In a few minutes every inch of the aisles
was blocked and when the holders of tick
ets for boxes, the orchestra and dress cir
cle sought to take their seats it required
the courage of a football player to try and
get through the mass of humanity.
Ladies garbed in gorgeous array were
forced to struggle after their escorts who
sought to make a passage way through
the densely packed aisles. Valuable dresses
were torn and, in some cases, jewels were
wrenched away. When the overture" be
gan the seats were not half filled, owing
to the inability of ticket holders to gain
their places.
DoEens of timid women shrank from,
running the gauntlet of the crowd in the
aisles and waited until the first >act was
over, when those who had been sitting ia
the aisles sought the lobby for fresh air.
There was little promenading by the hold
ers of reserved and box seats last night,
as the crowded aisles rendered ingress and
egress impossible. The performance was
an enjoyable one but was marred by the
inconvenience and danger to which every
member of the big audience was subjected
in order that the box office receipts migat
be swelled by a few hundred dollars. The
ordinances of the Fire Department posi
tively prohibit the blocking of aisles cr
doorways in theaters.
SYBIL SANDERSON WTXIi
ATTEND MINSTREL SHOW
r-istinguished Prima Donna to Oc
cupy Box at the California
To-Morrow Evening. •
Sybil Sanderson, the distinguished Cali
fornia prima donna now appealing in
grand opera at the Grand Opera-house,
will attend to-morrow night's perform
ance of Haverly's Minstrels at the Cali
fornia Theater, a box having been ten
dered for her use by Managers Elling
house and Oppenheimer.
Mme. Sanderson accepted the courtesy
with apparent delight. She states that
she was always very fond of minstrels,
and that it was her sincere desire to wit
ness a performance of that kind. When
her statement to that effect appeared in
The Call, the managers of the California
decided to give her the opportunity of en
joying the show with the result stated.
CALVE APPEARS THIS EVENING.
Famous Diva to Be Heard in Favo
rite Role of Carmen.
To-night Mme. Calve will make her first
appearance in this city and will be heard
in her famous role of "Carmen" in Bizet's
grand opera of that name.
The indisposition of the diva last week
was a matter of deep regret to her and It
was only the positive injunction of her
physicians that prevented her appearance
on the second night of the season.
Mmc Calve has in the past few days
enjoyed the air of the park and the ocean
beach and last evening she.' declared that
she was in as good voice as at any time
in her career. . • .-
The management of the Grand Opera
house announces that every seat has been
sold for this evening and society will un
doubtedly make a brave display. Calve
will be the last star to be presented by
Manager Grau, and in fashion's circles,
as well as among music lovers, there is
the keenest interest to hear the prima
donna who Is bo closely associated with
the role of the wayward cigarette girl.
is an excellent solution of the difficulty,
and from an economic point of view ought
to awaken general congratulations.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— The Globe this aft
ernoon discusses the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty in its usual ultra-jingo tone. It
ba 'MLJnless Lord Pauncefote and Secretary-
Hay have strictly observed the principle
of quid pro quo the treaty is far more
likely to impair than to strengthen friend
liness. If British rights on the isthmus
have been abandoned without a tangible
equivalent it will not be long before Great
Britain is invited to surrender the West
Indies and even Canada as peace offerings
to American Chauvinism."
Tapp«d the Till.
Mrs. Fredell, who keeps a store at 1272
Folsom street, reported to the police last
night that the till in her store had been
tapped by two men. How much they se
cured she could not tell. She claims that
one of the men enticed her into a corner
while the other extracted the money. She
is of the opinion that she could recognize
the robbers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
changejTlife^"
Some Sensible Advice to Wo-
men by Mrs. E. Sailer.
v " Dear Mrs. Pdtkham: — When 1
passed through what is known as'
' change of life,' I had two years' suf-
fering 1 , — sudden heat, and as quick
Chills would pass over me ; my appetite (
was variable and I never could tell for
«» II !¦¦ t !
MRS. E. SAILER,
. President German Belief Association,
i Los Angeles, Cal.
a day at a time how I would feel the
next day. Five bottles of H,ydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
changed all that, my days became days
of health, and I have enjoyed every day
sinee — six years.
'* We have used considerable of your
Vegetable Compound in our charitable
work, as we find that to restore a poor
mother to health so she can support her-
self and those dependent upon her, if
such there be. is truer charity than to
give other aid. You have my hearty
endorsement, for you have proven
yourself a tree friend to suffering wo-
— Mml E. Sailer, 756} i Hill St.,
Los Angeles, Cal. — $SCOO forfeit If above tes-
timonial it not genuine.
No other person can give such
helpful advice to women who
are sick as can Mrs. Pinkham,
for no other has had such great
experience^ — her address is Liynn,
Mass., and her advice free —
you are sick -write — you are
foolish if you don't.
Oriental
Rug
Sale . . .
We offer our entire line of
beautiful . Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25 o/° Discount
from regular prices. V;
Chas. M. Plum & Co.
1J0W387 MARKET ST. g§ ¦
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great j
imiSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 £^ 1051 MA32KT ST. tut. fth*7tt, S.r.Cal. k
\ S3 The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W gjt-». World - Weaknesses or any contracted m
V KB 39 <*sease p»»l»l»el7 cored by the oldest T
% flSLSiil Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 years. . 0
4 ***** DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
in^l Consultation free and stiictly private. \
m I XiWf H Treatment personally or by letter. A M
\l /ill Ptitivt Curt in erery case undertaken. T
1r I lI A Write for 800 niLOSOPBY mt A
f' II Inl ninniAGE, ma.led free, (at
i Jl IL valuable book for mm) \
9 JDB. JORDAN A I© . 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
I UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
• OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Hamlinra Bremen Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900. and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Drovidions of Sections
ClO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '
and Bonds owned by — $1,293,356 S
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 65.000 Of)
Cash in Banks 93.724 84
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion •••••• •' 128.894 94
Total Assets $1.58«,975 83
' " ' ' m ' LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,415 to
Losses ! in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense • 33,965 CO
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 18,530 00
Gross premiums on Fire •Risks run-
ning one year or less, $966,134 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent 483,0*7 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- » :
ning more than one year. $940,-
721 81; reinsurance pro rata 507,327 67
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due ...._ 34.049 79
Total Liabilities 51.057.39-l 91
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,314,009 33
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 53,920 89
Total Income $1,357,930 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- .
eluding $98,869 16, losses of previous .
years) '?"' A $794,198 61
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 254,582 87
Paid for Salaries. Fees and , other
charges ftr officers, clerks, etc 118.111 23
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .: 40.073 41
All other payments and expenditures. 84.375 7>
Total Expenditures $1,291,347 *>
. . . Fire.
Losses incurred during the year...... $733,338 62
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks - ¦
written during the
year $132,442,173 $l.« 0,708 SO
Net amount of Risks
¦ expired during the
year 112,419,882 1,359,77777 i
Net amount in force •" »
December 31, 1900.... 156.150.263 1.906. 858 79
F. O. AFFELD. Resident Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to be£on» me, . this 3tla
day of February. 1901.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California In New York,
RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr.,
General Agent.
HARRY C.BOYD,
. Assistant Cenera! Agent,
415 CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco, CaJ. _/
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
Wheat quiet and easy. Freights firm.
Barley a fraction weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye about the same.
1 ax and Feedstuff's in ample supply and easy.
Beans steadier, with less fluctuation.
Flaxseed coming in freely fiom the north.
Potatoes and Onions sti/l advancing and very firm.
Butter weak under large stocks. Cheese steady.
Eggs firm, with an upward tendency.
Dried Fruits steadily held by dealers.
Nuts moving off well. Raisins cheap, but steady.
c doing in the finer grades of Honey.
Provision market zcorking around into better shape.
Wool and Hops about as bcfoi'e quoted.
Lamb higher. Other Meats unchanged.
Receipts of Hogs still sufficient, but more moderate.
Poultry firmer and selling well. Game steady.
Oranges and Lemons weak. Grapes firm.
A car of Italian Chestnuts arrived.
Hide market firm and in good shape.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: ¦'Thanks
giving trade Is getting under full headway
and distribution Is proceeding on a very heavy
scale. Currants continue very strong and the
market is active, both for large and small lots.
v to arrive per Guildhall are offered
lrom ifcgtic. Valencia layer raisins are not
selling quite so freely vo arrive per Guildhall
at the advance to 6%c. but still a very fair
trade is doing. Spot supplies are very light
and held mostly at 7Wc. Malaga raisins are
foing out Ireely at quotations. New coast
seeded raisins are easier, lancy selling on spot
end to arrive at 7%c and choice offered to ar
rive at 7c. Loose are unehang-ed.
"Prunes are meeting fairly active demand on
the spot. Some business is doing in Santa
Ciaras from 2* 4 Ji3c basis, f. o. b.. coast. Sales
of genuine Santa Claras, large sizes, have been
made . ¦ basis, but offerings at this
figure, it is stated, have been cleaned up. Ore
re easy, selling from a I%*§2c basis, ac
e to quality and style of pack. Double
1 ireeons are having some sale on a 2c
basis. the six>t, double-faced 3"-4'js
xes are offered and meeting
,uite ready sale at 7%e. Peaches and
apricots are unchanged and in fair demand in
tlnc way. Nuts of all kinds are active,
French and Grenoble walnuts
being very light, but quotations unchanged.
- are very firm at the recent advance
:ing well in a small way."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of
the weather bureau, says:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The -weather has been generally cooler than
during the preceding week and frosts have oc
curred in some sections without Injury to
farming Interests. Fogs have prevailed along
the coast and in portions of the San Joaquin
Valley and light tain has fallen in nearly all
sections north of the Tehachapl.
It is now estimated that the damage to the
bean crop by the late rains will not exceed 10
per cent. Hay and grain were not materially
injured. Early sown grain was greatly ben
efited and is making rapid and healthy growth.
Prospects are good for a large acreage of wheat
and barley. New grass is growing rapidly and
green feed is plentiful in all sections. The
coil is in coed condition in most sections, and
larmers are making much progress in plowing
end seeding. Corn harvest and potato digging
are progressing; both crops are or good quality,
but the yield is below average. There will be
a large crop of celery in Southern California.
Orchards were benefited by the rains and
are in good condition; pruning is progressing.
Le.te grapes are being gathered and sent to the
¦wineries. The raisin season is closed. The
orajige crop is being gathered and shipped;
the Jruit is of excellent quality and the yield
'air.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS —Weather con
ditions have been nearly normal during the
¦week. Light rain has fallen in some sections.
The rain of the preceding week was very ben
eficial to early grain and pasturage, and in
some places enabled farmers to resume plow
ing and seeding. Grain is making good prog
ress and green feed is becoming abundant,
6ugar beet harvest is not yet completed. The
heavy crop of hay In San Benito County is
nearly ail baled and the warehouses are full.
Vine planting is in progress in Napa County.
String beans and tomatoes are on the vines
In the vicinity of Calistoga and have not been
Injured by frost. Apple drying is nearly com.
pleted. Corn harvest is progressing; there is
a fair crop, of good quality. No damage was
done by the light frosts at Peachland on the
Hlh and 12th.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— CooIer weather
has prevailed during the week, with light frosts
In Borne localities. The rain of last week and
light showers toward the close of the present
¦week have been of great benefit. Early sown
grain is growing rapidly and is in excellent
condition. Green feed is abundant. Plowing
and sowing- are progressing rapidly, with in
dications of a large acreage of grain. Orchards
are in good condition and pruning continues.
A large crop of excellent oranges is being
gathered in Butte County, and shipments are
being made as rapidly as possible. Olive pick,
ing and pickling are progressing.
SAX JOAQUIN VALLEY.— CooI. cloudy
weather has prevailed during the week in most
sections, with heavy fogs and dews. Light
frosts have occurred in some localities and
heavy frosts in others, but no damage has re
sulted. Rain fell throughout the valley toward
the close of the week, but it was too" light to
be of much benefit except in a few places.
Early sown grain is making good growth and
pasturage is becoming plentiful. Plowing and
feeding are progressing, with prospects of a
large acreage of wheat and barley. Egyptian
corn harvest is in progress. Cattle are in good
condition. Late grapes are going to the winer
ies, anfl heavy shipments or dried fruits, hay
and grain are being made. Orange picking is
progressing. : --* .-
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
has been generally clear and cool, wSh fogs
ulong the coast. Rain during the preceding
week was of great benefit to orchards, pastur
age, volunteer grain and celery. Beans have
net been so seriously damaged by rain as an
ticipated and a late estimate places the loss
.-it about ID per cent. The celery crop will be
heavy and of good quality. Plowing and seed
ing are progressing. Green feed is becoming
plentiful. Potatoes are looking well. Oranges
axe coloring rapidly and are generally In good
¦xmdltinn. though there are some reports of
s3>littiris.
EUREKA, SUMMARY.— Rain the latter part
of the week benefited grain and pasturage.
Plowing la progressing satisfactorily. Some lo
calities report a large acreage seeded. Crops
are nearly all eathered v
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Fair growing
— eatfcer followed rain. Grass and volunteer
irraln are growing rapidly. The soil is in fine
condition. Plowing proceeds expedltiously
Oranges are coloring Tan: splitting continues.
Some shipments for holiday trade.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 19—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<"_te, as compared with those of the same date
last newon and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours: ' : -
I— This L^st
Ftations— 24 hours. S-asin. Season
S u I ek » _ 0.42 8-50 13.::j '
Red Bluff 0.13 4.53 4 "4
Sacramento 0.40 3.v 3^l
}V_i Francisco I.lt ;r( 3^l
'*r*?rio 0.00 1.67 B^7l
Independence 0.00 1.03 IJB
f*n Lais ObiFpo 0.00 3 94 4 ' o
I** Angeles 0.00 2.44 21i3
San Di»go 0.00 0.75 0.92
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature
O; minimum. E2; mean. 56. . -.
The following maximum and minimum '.em
reratures were reported from Eastern stations-
VOKton. 44-S2; Cincinnati. 42-2S; Washinaton
'Z-Zi; Jacksonville. 62-2K; . Kansas City, 3S-30 :
New Tork. 4?-34: Omaha. "0-2«: Duluth 31-26
fall L«ke City, T2-S2: Chicago. 28-34; St. Lcuis"
41-20; Philadelphia, 40-.4.V -.'
¦ THE COAST RECORD. V r
. __ _ _— ______ _
2 2 o ; » "t
• KB* *« 2- 5
6tations. I flfl < z So :i|
? iH;2 &=" : ¦¦ f ;£;
'. : 1 •.' '¦ ¦ 3
* ¦toria 25.78 52 4€ KE ¦ Rain .•!
Baker 30.06 4S SO SE Cloudy .00
Carson no. 12 62 22 SW Cloudy T.
Eureka 30.r,2 6S 44 S Cloudy .16
Fresno 30.08 64 46 NW Cloudy .''o
Flagstaff 30.30 52 46 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello, 1dah0.. .30. 08 52 30 SE Cloudy .00
Independence 30. 00 60 36 N Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 30.06 C 8 46 W Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 2J.SB SO 46 SE Clear .00
I Portland 29.86 50 4S E Rain .20
Red Bluff 30. 0S X 42 SE Cloudy .01
I Roseburg 29.90 CO 42 P Rain' J 2
! Sacramento 30.12 48 44 SE Clouuy .40
I Salt Lake "0.12 52 30 N Cloudy .00
San Francisco SO.v 60 50 SW Pt.Cldy .06
San Luis 0bi5p0...30.14 66 42 N Pt.Cldy .00
! San Diego 30.04 64 52 NW Clear .00
1 Seattle 29. 54 50 38 W Cloudy .02
! Spokane 29. 9S 48 28 E Cloudy .111)
Neah Bay 29.7* 50 44 E Cloudy .00
i Walla Walla 30.00 42 34 NE Rain T.
' Winnemucca 30.06 50 22 SW Cloudy T.
I Yuma 29. 5 CSO 42 W Clear .09
Temperature. 7 a. m.— 32 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
of California and has fallen rapidly over Ore
gon and Washington. The disturbance is ap
parently moving from the California coast
northward and conditions are still unfavorable
for settled lair weather. Temporarily clear
weather may be exr*?cted Wednesday.
The temperature hap fallen slightly over Cal
ifornia and has risen in Western Oregon.
Rain has fallen over the central and northern
r-irtlon of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 20, 1901.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday, with showers in central
and northern portion; Ils:ht southerly winds.
SiiUthern California— Cloudy Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather Wed
nesday: fresh southwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Wednesday, with occasional
light showers; fresh southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McACIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— The stock market to
day was under the continued Influences and
factors which depressed values yesterday and
discouraged speculation for an advance. Prob
ably the outward movement of gold was the
most effectual of these factors, but the ex
pressed determination of the Executives of
Northwestern States to use their influence to
contest the operation of the Northern Securi
ties Company was also an obvious influence,
especially on the stocks of the transcontinental
group. Union Pacific and St. Paul were espe
cially affected. The argument that such op
position to the company was expected owing to
the statutes of the Northwestern States In
tended to prevent consolidation, and that emi
nent legal counsel had co-operated to evade
these prohibitions was not very convincing in
quieting apprehension based on the assumption
that the residents of these States are earnest
ly opposed to the spirit and purpose of the
new company, leaving only the question open
as to their ability to prevent by law its opera
tion. The bears sold the market actively on
the announcement of the engagement of $1,000,
00 additional gpld for export on Thursday, but
there was a large demand to cover later in the
day when half of this engagement was can
celed, and when the money market was seen
to be unaffected. A jump of 2 centimes in the
sterling exchange rate at Paris, a decline in
the private discount rate there and a slight
reaction here in exchange rates both on London
and the Continent, reflected the relaxations re
sulting from yesterday's enormous outgo of gold
and aroused the hope that the largest part
of the requirements are satisfied. There is
still confidence expressed that the offerings of
Government bonds tor redemption will main
tain the ease of the money market, even if
more gold goes out It is not Improbable that
the selling of Government bonds comes • indi
rectly in part from the Interests who have
to remit in payment of foreign obligations. It
Is evident that the 'exchange market is con
cerned to a. certain extent, and even the bills
against outgoing cotton and grain which come
upon the market are contracted for in advance
leaving the bankers who are short of exchange
still under the necessity of shipping gold to
c.over maturities. One feature of the Govern
ment bond redemptions that has not attracted
attention is that the national banks apparently
consider the present price sufficiently attrac
tive to prompt them to withdraw bonds on de
posit with the treasury to secure their circula
tion, and offer them for redemption. This
process involves the release of cash from the
treasury to the amount of the market value of
the bonds, but it also involves the retirement
01 circulation to the amount of the par value
of the bonds, offsetting that far the supply of
money to the market. Such withdrawals of
bonds have already reached the legal limit of
53. '•00,000 per month for the present month.
There was some special strength shown to-day
by Individual stocks, notably American Car and
International Power, on the urgent demand for
railroad equipment. of all kinds, and the ex
press company stocks on account of the general
business activity of the country. There were
strong spots among the coalers and the local
tractions. The market closed steady at a sub
stantial rally from the lowest
Railroad bonds were only moderately active
at slight recessions. Total sales, $2,630 000
United States refunding 2s declined % on the
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
A. 6t K. Ck ~ ?aleß? aleB Hleh Low Close
AUh son •••• 20,000 Ut* 79% 80%
Atehison ifd 3,600 100% 100* ioo
Bat more & Ohio 8,000 1074 l<-6% 10711
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 100 53*4 95% 95
Canadian Pacific 200 115 114% iwy.
Canada Southern ... 5214
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,100 464 46% 4h4»
Chicago _ Alton 900 37' 4 36*4 52
Chicago & Alton pfd.... A '* 7V7 V
Chicago, Ind _ Louis... 3.800 46" 45% 46
Chgo, Ind & Louis pid.. 100 73% 73% 734
Chat) & Eastern Illinois 100 136% 13G% 136%
Chgo & Great Western. 600 K% 25% 2514
(A*) % Great W B pfd. 100 « « 48
Chgo & Northwestern . »08
Chgo, X I & Pacific... 1.000 i 47 i; 146'" 146%
Chgo Terminal & Trans' 400 20% sou 20 "
C h Term & T pfd M 374 364 37
CC &St Louis 400 87% 07 96%
Colorado Southern : 400 13% 13% 13*!
Colo Southern Ist pfd.. 100 65 55 r>4'*
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 100 25 25 2")
I ware & Hudson.... 9,000 175% 172 1741'
Del. Lack & Western... 200 240 "10 " 240
Denver & Rio Grande... 1.600 47% 464 46"%
Denver &R G pfd 300 94% 94% 05
r e , ¦• 28,800 43 42% 42%
Ere ««t pfd 8.000 73% 72% 724
Erie 2d pfd «.SOO 604 69% 59%
Great Northern pfd 1.300 1574 196% 197 '
Hocking Valley i,» 03 61% 60% 61%
Hiking Valley pfd 70') 79 78% 78V.
Illinois Central 100 139% 138 138%
lowa Central m 404 40; > 40'
lova Central pfd inn 77 77 --'
Lake Erie & Western... 100 70 70
Lake Erie & West pfd ijs"
Louisville & Nashville. 9,000 106% 106" 1064
Manhattan Elevated ... 54.100 1314 128% 1304
Metropolitan St Ry..... 33.500 170% 168% 168%
Mexican Centra! : 300 22- 22 *>1V :
Mexican National 400 13% 13% „£
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.'
Minn &St Louis V 300 1074 . 107 107
Missouri Pacific 9,r>Co 101 .994 1004
Mo, Kr.ns & Texas - 500 26% 26 26
Mo, Kans. & Tex pfd .... ¦ :-.-';•¦' 52U
New Jersey Central 200 1764 176% 177
New York Central 3,000 162 161 162%
Norfolk & Western 2,500 57& 56% 56%
Norfolk & Western pfd. • ' 90%
Northern Pacific pfd.... 2,400 100%",100% ; - 100%
Ontario & Western <.... 42,900 "364 35% 35%
Pennsylvania ....8,000 146 145'/. 145%
Reading .....114,600-494 48% : 48%
Reading Ist pfd: 251.400 804* 75% 79%
Reading 2d pfd 43,900 -59% 55% : RS%
St Louis & San Fran..." 11,800 54% 524 13%
St Louis &s F Ist pfd ..:. SO
St Louis &SF 2d pfd. 5,400 71% 70% 71"i
St Louis Southwestern. 2,100 ' 28 3 i 26 28 1 /.
St Louis Swestern pfd.. 1,200 59% _59 .\59%
St Paul :... 22.300.169% 167% 16SV.
St Paul pfd... '. 185
Southern. Pacific .... 16,-100 60% 59% ' 60
Southern Railway ...... 1,200 33% 33 — . 334
Southern Railway pfd.. > 1.200 90% 89% 90%
Texas & Pacific 1,500 41 40% 40V>
Toledo, St L & W ; 700 20 19% 19%
Toledo, St L& W pfd.. 100 35 35 344
Union Pacific 76,000 1054 103% 103%
Union Pacific pfd....... .'7OO 91% 914 91%
Wabash 1,100 20% . 20% : 20%
Wahash pfd 200 37% 37% 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie ' 184
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd .... 304
Wisconsin Central .: 700 21% 21 21
Wisconsin Central pfd. 300 42% 42% 42%
Express Companies —
Adams 200 199 199 190 /.
American ;.......... 500 210 207 208 -
United States ; 100 94& 944 94%
Wells Fargo ." .... ...."190
Miscellaneous — . '- ¦ . ; ¦ < ¦ ; . ... ¦
Amalgamated Copper... 22,600 .874 85% • 85%
Am Car & Foundry 19.600 29% 26%. r29
Am Car & Foundry pfd 3,500 '86 84% 84%
Am Linseed Oil ........'. ...; 18..
Am Linseed Oil pfd'...... '..:. 46%
Am Smelt & Ref....:.. 900 404 45% 45%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... ! 200 954 '98 97%
Anaconda Mining C 0... ' 1,900 34% 34% 34%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 18.000 68% 67% .68 •.
Colo Fuel & Iron 1.200 924 , " 92 91%
Consolidated Gas 2,600 " 221 2194 220%
Continental Tobacco pfd . ¦.... «!7
General Electric ........ 500 259 257% 257%
Glucose Sugar.. ..;'" /'.... ....'40%
Hocking Coal ..... 144
International Paper ... 300 20% 20% 20%
International Paper pfd 1.200 - 75% 7J 75%
International Power .... 1,500 91% 90% 91%
Laclede Gas ¦ ' 93 i
National Biscuit 800 42% 42% 42%
National Lead •" 400 19% 19 19%
National Salt ' .... 29V-
National Salt pfd .... 62
North American 400 93% : 924 92
Pacific Coast 200 70 70 68
Pacific Mail SCO 47 46 . 46%
People's Gas 12.000 102% 100% 101%
Pressed Steel Car... 1.200 44% 43% 434
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 900 87% 86% 86%
Pullman Palace Car . 211
Republic Steel 300 16 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd ICO 68% 65% 67%
Sugar 10.700 119% 1174 HS%
Term Coal & 1r0n........ ¦ 1,600 . 63% 62% 62%
Union Bag & Paper Co ...... ...... 14 "
Union B & Pap Co.prd. 200 73% 734 73%
U S Leather 700 12% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd.: • .... 81
V B Rubber. .:.... -.... .... 15%
U S Rubber pfd... 50
D S Steel J4.0C0 42% : 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 11,800-92% 92 82%
Western Union 500 90% 90% 90%
Shares r-old ..:. 787,700 /
r CLOSING BONDS/
U S ref 2s. reg....108% Hock Valley 4%5..107%
do coupon 108% L & N unified 45. 1024
U S 3s, reg 109 Mexican Cen 45... 824
do coupon 108% 'do Ist inc.. 29%
D S new 4s, reg...U9 : Minn & St L 45...1C3
do coupon 139 • M X & T 4s 100%
U S old 4s. Reg 112% do 2ds 82
do coupon 112% IN V Central 15t5..105%
U S r.s. Reg 107 do gen 34s 108%
do coupon 107 N J Cen gen 5s 131%
Atchison gen 45... 101 . North Pacific 45... 103%
do adjustment 4s 934 do 3s 72%
Bait & Ohio 4s 104 N& W consol 45. 102%
do 3%s Reading gen 45.... 99%
do cony 4s .1074 St L & I M con ss. 116%
Canada South 2d5.109% St I, & S F 45..... 95
Central of Ga 55..105%j5t L Sw.lsts..;... 96%
do Ist Inc :... 73 , do 2d5... 79%
C & Ohio 445... 107 jS A& A P 45.. ....83%
C&- A 34s 86 South Pacific 45.. 94%
C B & Q new 45.. South Railway 58.110%
CM &St P gen 45.112 j Tex & P lsts 120 "
C& Nw con 75... 1394 I T St L& W 45.... 28 f
C R I & P 4s 1064 Union Pacific 45... 108 •
CC& St L gen -. j do cony 4s ..;.... 107 -
4s 104 lW abash lsts. ...'...118 -"'-
Chi Terminal 45... 90 I do 2ds ... 110%
Colo & South 45... 88% Wabash debß.,.'./6i)>
D&R G4s 103 West Shore 45..... 113%
Erie prior lien 45.. 100 , w _? I, Ei45...... 96%
do general 45...:. 89 Wfs Central 45.... 88%
F W & D C lsts.. 107% Con Tob 4s ......;.- 64%
MINING STOCKS. •¦
Adams Con 18 1 Little Chief ...... 12
Alice • 45 Ontario ...9 50
Brcece ......... i ... 80 Ophlr .........;.... 72
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix ;;. 06
Com Tunnel 06 Pot'osi .;.< 03
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage '| 05
Dead wood Terra .. 60 Sierra Nevada -12
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 62 Standard 3 50
Leadville Con 05 . /
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
• Bonds— 1 Mining—
Atchison 4s T: 102 Adventure .. '. 22
Gas Ist 80% Allouez . 44
M E Gas & Coke. 62 Amalgamated 86%
Railroads— Baltic 43
Atchison ... 80% Bingham 29%
do pfd 100 Calumet & Hec1a.. 670
Boston & Albany. 2s9 Centennial 17%
Boston & Maine... 1924 Copper Range 61
Boston Elevated ..166 Dom Coal 48%
N V N H & H 213 | Franklin IC%
Fitchburg pfd 144 Isle Royale ...:.... 24
Union Pacific 103% i Mohawk 41
Mexican Central... 214 Old Dominion .... 26
Miscellaneous — Osceola 98
American Sugar ..118% Parrot 36%
Amer Tel & Te1... 159 Quincy .... ........150
Dom I& S 27 Santa Fe Copper.. 4
General Electric ..256 Tamarack 275
Mass Electric 36 Trimountaln 41
do pfd 94 Trinity 23%
N E Gas & Coke.. 76 United States 15
United Fruit SB4 Utah 22%
U S Steel 42% Victoria 64
do pfd 91 Wolverine 574
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was inclined to dull
ness. Consols were heavy en a report that this
week a New Zealand loan, varying from
£1,500,000 to £3.000,«C0, is to be Issued.
American stocks were lifeless and very nar
row, with not enough business to sustain the
rife. New York gave no new support and the
close was dull, save for Reading and Erie.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Anaconda, 7%; Atehison.
£2>4; Atrhison preferred, 102% ; Canadian Pa
cific, 117%: Denver and Rio Grande, 4CT* ; Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred, 96%; Northern
Pacific preferred. 104%; Southern Pacific, 61%;
Union Pacific, 107%; Union Pacific preferred,
'J3>i.
Bar Silver— Steady: 26 3-16 d per ounce.
Money— 2 l ,£(&3 per cent.
New York Money Market. ¦
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Close— Money on call
was firm at 3@4% per cent; last loan, 3 per
cent; ruling rate, 44 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper— 44@s per cent.'
Sterling exchange— Easier, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at $4 87%i?j:4 88 for de
mand and at $4 84%@4 84% for sixty days.
Posted rates— s4 854 and $4 BS4@4 89. /
Commercial bills— s4 S4@4 844.
. Bar silver— G6(a.'6%c. , v
Mexican dollars— 4sc. * ¦
Bonds— Governments weak, States firm. Rail
roads easier. y
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— T0-day's statement
of the treasury: Available cash balances, $170,
49,770; gold, $107,964,791.
New York Grain and Produce.
„ — ¦ ; ¦ -ft
NEW YORK, Nov. FLOUR— Receipts,
29,054 barrels; exports, 4864 barrels; quiet and
about cteady. • . '' •
WHEAT— Receipts. 38,000 bushels;- exports,
7900 bushels; spot steady. No. 2 red, 84% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 81c f. o. b. afloat; No 1
hard Duluth. BS%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on foreign buying, but later
became affected by aggressive bear operations
and at noon broke sharply upon an enormous
Increase In world's stocks. Later they. had a
strong up-turn on covering and closed firm at
unchanged prices. May, 80%®81c, closed 80%e;
December, 78%@79 7-16 c, closed 79% c.
HOPS— ' •- -
HIDES—
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady. No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet. Cordova; 7V>'?llc. Futures
closed steady. 5 points lower to 5 points higher.
Total sales, 62,500 bags, Including: December,
6.35@6.40c; January, 6.50 c; March, 6.60@6.70c:
May. G.80@6.90c; July. 7@7.05c; September, 7.15
<ff 7.30 c; October, 7.20-37.20 c. •¦'/
• The market for cotton .futures closed steady,
1 point lower to 2 points higher. ¦ f . ¦ --
; SUGAR— Raw. steady. " Fair refining', 3 3-16®
3%c: centrifugal, 96 test, 3 U-16@3%c; molasses
sugar. 3c. Refined, steady. -. -
BUTTER— Receipts, - 8271 packages; firm.
State dairy, 15<i?23c; creamery 17<p)25c; June
creamery. 17%®22%c; factory, 15@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,002 packages; strong.
State and Pennsylvania, 27028 c; Western at
mark, 2S@27c; Southern at mark, 22@2Gc.
DRIED FRUIT.
Evaporated apples were steady. State com
mon to good, C@3%c; prime, B@9%c; choice, 9%
<g9%c: fancy, 10<S;i0%c.
California dried fruits were quiet and steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, BV6®llc; Moorpark, S@l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ll@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHIKJAGO. Nov. 19.— WHEAT— Cables were
lower In sympathy with yesterday's decline
here, and as a result December opened a shade
to %c lower at 71%@71%c. Receipts, both
Northwestern and primary, were large, the
increase in the world's visible supply being
10,170,000 bushels, against last year's increase
of 1.500.000 bushels. December sold down to
71% c, but at this figure and around 75c for
May buyers sprang up in great numbera.
Trade in corn was lighi and the tone was
easy, folowing wheat. December closed a
shade higher at 59% c.
Oats were dull throughout December closed
firm %c higher at 39% c.
The provision market had a quieter tone than
it has had for some time. January pork closed
30c higher at $13 30. January lard 17%e up at
*S 77%, and January ribs 12%@15c higher at
$7 87%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 1—
November 71%
December 71% 71% 71% 71%
May 75% 75% 74% 75%
Corn No. 2—
November 59%
December ;. 69% 69% 69V4 69%
May 62% 62% 62 62%
Oats No. 2—
December 39% 39% 89% 397fc
May 40% 41% 40% - 41%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 15 12 15 40 15 10 15 40
May 15 35 15 70 16 30 15 70
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 8 60 8 75 8 60 8 75
January 860 8 77% 860 8 77%
May 8 77% 8 97% 8 77% 8 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 7SO 7 87% 775 7 87%
May 790 7-87% 790 8 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@71c; No. 2 red,
73%(<i74c; No. 2 yellow corn, 61c; No. 2 oats,
40%(f141c; No. 2 white, 42%@43c; No. 3 white,
42%@43c; No. 2 rye, 59c: fair to choice malting
barley, 67@60c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 46; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 47; prime timothy seed, $6@
6 10; mes3 pork, per bbl, $14 10@14 20; lard, per
100 lbs, $8 dS(SJS 75; short ribs sides (loose), $7 90
@8 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 40@8 50; whisky,
basis of high wines; $1 31; clover, contract
grade, $S 60.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,000 31.000
Wheat, bushels 257,000 98,000 .
Corn, bushels 135.000 85,000
Oats, bushels 439,000 259,000
Rye. bushels 23,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 14,000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 14%@24%c; dai
ries, 13:5j20c; cheese, firm ,9%@10%c; eggs, firm,
fresh 23%@24c.
Foreign Futures.
•?.——— ; ¦ *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ' Dec. March.
Opening 5 9% 5 10%
Closing 5 9 . . 5 10%
PARIS. .
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 2105 22 40
Closing 21 05 22 43
Flour- •-./¦ ' ¦
Opening '. 26 75 28 30
Closing 26 75 - 28 45
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes In available sup
plies from last account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies— lncrease 7.370,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, Increase 2,800,000 bushels;
total supply, increase 10,107,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies — Decrease 5,590.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies — Decrease 1,457,000 bushels.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.,
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500; steady. Good to prime, nominally $6 25<g>
7 10; poor to medium, $4@C; stockers and feed
ers, $2@4 25; cows. $1 25@4 75; heifers, $1 50@5;
canners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 50; calves, $2'yp
5 25; Western steers, $3 50@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 45,000; to-morrow,
4,000; left over, 6000 head. Market steady to
strong on good weights and light slow. Mixed
and butchers", $5 50<g5 S5; good to choice heavy,
$5 60«5 92% : rough to fat heavy, $5 Sj^S 53 ;
light. $5 25*?5 50; bulk of sales, $5 6n<f7r, 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; 10@15c lower; lambs
weaker. Good to choice wethers, $3 40(f?4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $2 'JO® 3 40; Western sheep,
Wai; native lambs, $2 50<g4 75; Western lambs,
$3@4 40.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2700; steady. Natives, $3@6 75; cows
and heifers, feeders, $1 25-35 10; veals, $2 75@6;
Btockers and feeders, $1 50@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 9500; steady. Light and
light mixed, $5 35@5 SO; medium and heavy,
$5 7ri"a"r, 92%; pigs, $3 80<54 75; bulk of sales, $5 50
@5 82%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000; steady to 10c lower.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Trading In the local
market for metals was very slow to-day. In
the tin market buyers and sellers are too far
apart for business, but the feeling is quite
steady with spot quoted at $27@25. At London
a decline of f.s was noted under realizing with
spot quoted at £114 5s and futures at £108 10s.
Copper was without change and quiet at home
and abroad, closing here at $16 Ss@l7 for
Lake and $16 37M>((< 16 62% for casting, and at
London at £66 17s 6d for spot and £65 17s 6d
for futures.
Lead was Is 3d higher at London, with spot
quoted at £11 6s 3d. but locally a dull market
prevailed at the old price of $4 37%.
Spelter was featureless and nominally quoted
at $1 30 here and at £16 12s 6d at London.
Iron was more active and steadier to-day for
warrants and values advanced 50 points to $10
(??11 for pig iron warrants: No. 1 Northern
foundry, $15(S16; No. 2 foundry, Southern. $14
ft 15; No. 1 foundry. Southern soft, $14 50@J5 50;
No. 1 foundry Southern, $14 50<?M6.
Glasgow Iron warrants closed at 56s 3d and
Middlesboro at 43s 4%d.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. 19.— There has been a very
fair business in the wool market here this
week, although not so large as the two pre
ceding weeks, but dealers appear well satis
fied with the trade. Values are fully as firm
as a week ago and dealers continue to talk of
a strong and firmer market. The stock of wool
offered on the market is necessarily consider
ably reduced by the- trading of the past three
weeks, and some lines are narrowed down
pretty closely. The outlook for the market
here is considered very favorable.
Territory, scoured basis— Montana, 15@16c;
scoured, 44@46c; fine medium, 15@17c; scoured,
42<3)43c; staple, 16ig!17c; scoured, 4G^T4Bc; Utah.
Wyoming and Ida^o, fine. 13@llc; scoured, 44®
45c; fine mediums, 'Wa'loc; scoured, 4i!S4sc~;
staple, 15V4(??16c; scoured, 45(g>46c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superfine, 70@72c; super, 6S<f?7oc; average
65<§67c.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Porter Bros, sold
California fruit to-day: Tokays, $1 10; double
crates, $2 60®2 9i>, average $2 73; Cornlchons,
$1 40@l 60, average $150; double crates, $2 80
(52 90, average $2 83. Two cars sold to-day;
weather fine.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— Porter Bros.' Company
sold California fruit to-day: Cornichons, $1 20
(SI 40. average $1 39; Tokays. 75c@$l 25, aver
age 93c. Three cars sold to-day.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 671.4 c; bluestem, 6814 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 19.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 58c; club, B7c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— Clearlngrs, $334,281; bal
ances, 551.1-2.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Consols, 31 13-16; Silver,
26 3-16 d; French Rentes, lOOf 85c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes of No. 1
Standard California, 2Ds 3d; English country
markets, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 19.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 10'^d@5s lid; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
overcast.
COTTON- Uplands, 4 9-32 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
New York Exchange Is lower. Other quo
tations are undisturbed.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — %\ 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 59%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — $6^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm at 34s 3d,
which was the rate of the last reported char
ter. Thg chartered wheat fleet In port has a
registered tonnage of 67,850, against 45.560 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 21,330
tons, against 10,300; on the way to this port.
186,132 tons, against 125.900.
WHEAT— Was weak again all over the world,
with lower Paris and Liverpool futures. Brad
street's gave the status of the world's stocks
as follows: East of the Rockies, an increase of
7,370,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, an in
crease of 2,500,000; total increase, 10,170,000 bush
els, which is an .enormous gain. Broomhall re
ported the weather in the Argentine more fa
vorable, but did not change his previous esti
mate of a surplus of 16,000,000 bushels In that
country.
Chicago fell off. but partially recovered.
There was less activity and the bulls seemed to
have lost their advantage. Conditions were
against them. Wires to Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. said that on account of the large Increase
In the visible supply the weakness in coarse
grains and the big receipts in the Northwest
the selling movement became general. There
was a little foreign buying, but it was soon
satisfied by liberal offerings. At the same time
the weather was too dry In the West and
Southwest and there were a good many coun
try buying orders. St. Louis reported heavy
export buying and a large demand for Southern
and Southwestern mills. New Orleans was
firm, but buyers refused to pay an advance.
This market was dull and unchanged.
Spot W T heat— Shipping, $1@1 01%; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALVES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 00% ;
4000, $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 00%.
May— 4ooo, $104%; 6000, $104%.
BARLEY— There is a weaker feeling and quo
tations are shaded a fraction. The demand
continues light.
Feed, 73% c for choice bright, 72% c for No. 1
and 70c for oft grades; brewing and shipping
grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 9oc@sl 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Bradstreet's gives a decrease In the
visible supply of 1,457,000 bushels, against an
increase last year of 365,000.
The market stands as before. Stocks are light
and so is the demand, each about balancing
the other, and quotations are steady and un
changed. Grays, $110@122%; whites, $1 15@
127%: Surprise, $130@132%; black, $I@l 20, and
red, ?1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25
for seed.
CORN— Bradstreet's gives a decrease In the
visible supply of 590.C00 bushels, against an
increase last year of 2,200.000. Chicago reports
a lower market, but with Indications of a
freer movement.
This market is firmer under light stocks, and
most of the samples offering are damp. The
demand, however, is nothing extra.
Large yellow is quoted at $1 23'gl 30: small
round yellow,'' $1 30@l 40; white, $1 30@l 40;
Eastern Corn, nominal.
RYE— The market is steady at 73®75%c per
¦ctl. No more large purchases are reported
since the 60,000 sacks at Turlock.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ?1 62% per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 2r><3
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50<@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75<g3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 73
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4-fJ4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5®S 33;
in sacks, $6 50@S: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay and Feedstuffs continue easy under am
ple supplies, but quotations show no change,
except a decline In mixed feed. Ths demand
forVll is fair.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50ff20.
FKKDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27g28; Jobbing. $2S 50
if? 23; Cocoanut Cake, $20-521; Corn Meal, $31 50
032; Cracked Corn, $32532 50; Mixed Feed. $16
<J317.
HAY— Wheat. $9@ll 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, $S@11; Oat, $7S10; Barley and Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa, $S!??9 50; Clover, $G37; Volun
teer, $5 50@S; Stock, $s<@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O®47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are more settled, with less disposition
to bob up and down. White kinds continue
firm, while the colored descriptions are more
or less weak. Receipts were lighter yesterday,
being 5416 sacks.
Flaxseed continues to arrive freely from the
north.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 50: Small White, $3
<Jf3 25; Large White, $2 So@3; Pea, $3 50@4;
Pink. $1 75@2: Red, $2 75^3: Blackeye, $3 50®
3 75; Limas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidneys, $3 75®4
per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3^3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3%i{i3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, B%c;
Rape, l%(f/l%c; Hemp, SVic per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
<f 2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The current advance in Potatoes has got
holders along the river and in Oregon excited,
and they are now holding back for still higher
prices. The heavy demand last summer has
cut down stocks, and as there is a good ship
ping and local demand the market Is very firm.
Onions are also stiff at a further advance,
with a good demand for the West and South
west, and light stocks in California.
Vegetables are at the fas end of their sea
son and show little change. Marrowfat Squash
is higher.
POTATOES— BSc@SI 10 for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; River Reds, $1 35<ai 40;
Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and 75c for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 50&1 S5 per etl; Alvarados, held
at $2; Oregons, $1 50!g 1 85; Pickle Onions, 75c
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. Z^fTZc; Los An
geles do, 4V»4isc; String Beans, 2i?3c; Los An
geles do, ; Limas, 3'£@4c; Cabbage, 40@50c
per ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda, 2i
Dried Peppers, lOiffilSc; Green Okra, 50@65c
per box; Carrots, 26085 c per sack; Cucumbers.
CO^Oc; Pickles, 2M>(ff3c per lb for small and V<6
IVic for large; Garlic, H4@2Vfee; Gnjen Peppers,
35'g50c per box for Chile and 35@50c for Bell;
Egg Plant, 40(&75c per box; Summer Squash $1
'11 1 25; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Hub
bard Squash, JSlilO.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came in, mak
ing four thus far this week. Receipts of
local stock were light and all stock sold readi
ly, choice large young fowl being especially
in demand.
There was little change In Game. Receipts
were larger, being 125 sks.
The Eastern Poultry sold at $5 50@6 for Hens
and young Roosters, $I@4 50 for old Roosters
$4 50 for Fryers. $3 50 for large Broilers, $4 for
old Ducks, $6 for young bucks, $2 for Geese
$1 25 for Pigeons, $2 50 for Squabs and 12%©
He for Turkeys.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; Live
Turkeys, IV/^Uc for Gobblers and 13%@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $150@175; Goslings
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50<3>4 for old and $4<fts for
young; JHcns, $4^5; young Roosters, M#s; old
Roosters, $4^150; Fryers, $4®4 50; Broilers fffl
4 50 for large and $3 50@l for Small; Pigeons,
$1 1591 50 per dozen for old and $1 50(?f 1 75 for
Squabs.
GAME — Doves per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush-
Mallard, $3<i?3 50; Canvasback, $3@5; Sprig'
$3 50; Teal, $2; Widgeon. $175; Small Ducks!
$1 50, Black Jacks, $1 50; English Snipe, $1 50@2;
Jack Snipe, $1 25^1 50; Gray Geese, $3 sC<ii4-
Whlto Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
What with warm and moist -weather and
rapidly growing feed, and heavy supplies of
fresh and cold storage goods the Butter mar
ket continues weak, with holders making con
cessions to sell. Prices are not quotably lower,
however.
Cheese remains steady at previous prices.
Ranch Eggs continue firm, and sellers are
able to make an occasional further advance in
prices. Stocks are lißht. The medium and
Eastern grades are being helped by the firra
ne.-ia in ranch and the market Is in very fair
condition all around.
Receipts were 25,500 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 467 cases of Eggs,
380 cases of Eastern Eggs, 4500 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese
BUTTER— Creamery. 25-^23^ per lb fV
fancy and 21@23c for seconds; dairy. 17H<S22V2C;
•tore Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery" Tub,
21@22V.c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, lS®l9c per
Ib.
CHEESE— New, 1"@12%c; Old, U011%e;
Young America, 13@13' 2 c per 1b; Eastern, 13-g:
loc.
EGGS— Ranch, 42H4M4C for selected large, 40<S
42c for good to choice and 37%@39c for fair;
store, 30c per dozen; cold storage, 20@27' 2 c;
Eastern. 19@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apples are quoted higher. Pears are un
changed.
Grapes are firmer and are expected to do bet
ter from now on, as receipts are fast diminish
ing. All the good stock was taken yesterday,
chiefly for the Oregon steamer.
Oranges and Lemor.s continue quiet and
weak. Limes have not changed for some little
time.
One car of Oranges came In.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI oOfiil 73 per box for extra. 73c@
$1 25 for good to choice and 35@S5c for ordinary;
Lady Apples. $1 50-ii 1 IS.
POMEGRANATES— V>r per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellis, 'JocSsl 50 per box;
common. 6".
QUINCES— 4O®SOc per box.
PERSIMMONS— SOCOJI per box.
STRAWBERRIES— idtft 10 per chest for Long
worths and J2 Go#4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— 36 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S4ff7 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
HUCKLE'IKRRIES— None in.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $10 25@11 per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $3 ncr hnx.
FlGS— Black, 7So9H 50 for double layers;
white, 40®50c per box.
GRAPES— Verdels. 35<583c per box and crate;
Tokay, Mo©sl: Muscat, 50<J|90c; Black. 35@.ac,
Cornichons, 33'SS5c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $1 1 @'2 for com
mon $2 23«2 50 for good to choice and $2 75 for
fancy; Seedlings. $I@l 73: Tangerines. $12j;
Lemons, $I@l 50 for common and $2^2 oO for
good to choice: Grape Fruit. $1 5C@2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4*i 4 50; Bananas. $1 75«3 per bunch
lor New Orleans and $l(g^ for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market, though quiet. Is reported In
rather better shape for sellers. Most of the
fruit has passed out of growers' Into dealers'
hands, and the latter are not disposed to give
It away, and are holding it steady. Raisins
are in fair movement, and a few new orders
are coming In. Nuts are moving off well, with
moderate stocks. The finer grades of comb
and extracted Honey are. also meeting with
more demand, but the lower grades are still
slow. Prices for everything remain unchanged.
A car of Italian Chestnuts is in, being held
at 10@llc per lb. Another car falls due to-day.
FRUlTS— Apricots, 7@B4c for Royals and MB
13c for standard to fancy Moorpark3; Evapo
rated Apples. 6%@Bc; sun-dried. 3%@4%c;
Peaches. 5@74c: Pears. 4@Bc; Plums, pitted, 44
@6c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@54c for red
and 54@«4c for white; Figs. 3@34c' for black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5%«5%c: 40-50's. 4%«5c; 50-60's. 4%«£
4V»c; 60-70'e. 3%' 74c; 70-SO's, 3%@34c; SO-9O's. 2%
@3c; 90-10O.'s, 2%@2«,£c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; - fancy, SI 75; 4
crown. $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown.
$1 20; two-crown. $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels Four-crown, 4%c; three
crown. 4%c; two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 4%c; Seedless Sultanas. 54c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— B%c;
choice, 7%c: standard, 6%c: prime. b4c; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, lCc: choice, 9c; stan
dard, 74c: prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded. 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@llc; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7' 2 c: No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10@
lie for softshell and s@6c for hardshell: Pea
nut", s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@124c;
Filberts, 12@_4c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12®12%c for bright and 10©
14 c for lisht amber; water white extracted,
s<ff6c; light amber extracted, 4@sc; dark, 4c. .
BEESWAX— 2S@2Bc per lb.
Provisions,
The local market seems to be working around
into better shape aga'n. Dealers report more
staadlness, though prices show no improve
ment.
Chicago was higher again yesterday, but the
demand was purely speculative, as the cash
and European inquiry continued poor. Receipts
of Hogs at Chicago continue heavy and are
expected to accumulate, and this acts as a
damper on the market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and HUe for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California
Hams, 12-.c; Mess Beef, $10*310 ."0 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11^X11 50; Family, 512«12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50^23; Mess,
!9; Smoked Beef. 13%fJ14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for
compound and 10'» c for pure: half- barrels,
pure. 10% c; IC-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, U%c;
3-lb tins, 11V.C
COTTCLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c: three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%e; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
There is no further change In Wool worthy
of note. The best grades are moving off fairly,
but the defective grades are still slow.
Hops stand the sam?. If growers would come
down to the views o? buyers a livelier mar
ket would result, but they will not. so busi
ness remains quiet.
Hides continue* active and firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuII3 and brands sell
about IHo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, Pic for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, il'ic; Salted Veal, 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 17c; Culls, 15c:
Dry Kip. loc; Dry Calf, 18@19c; Culls and
Brands. IS'SISc; sheepskins, shearlings. V,tQ2oc
each; short Wool, 4G<fl6oc each; medium. 50<®
75c; long Wool, Soc3sl 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 50<52 75 for large and $2!?2 25 for me
dium, $t 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 3oc.
TALLOW— Refined. 6!.4c; No. 1 rendered, sft
5',2C per lb: No. 2, 4<f?4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 months. 7i?fSe: Oregon Valley fine, 13@
15c; do, medium and coarse, ligi3c: Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good 3@
lie: Nevada, 10S12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, ev^SHc; San Joequin
Lambs', 7H<??9c: Middle County, S«10e; North
ern Mountain, free, 9010 c; do : defective, B<§9c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. WalZc per lb.
HOPS— 9@loc for fair and H'gUc per lb for
good to chclce.
San Francisco Meat Market.
A slight advance In Lamb, which Is getting
scarce, Is the only change in quotations. Beef
Is steady and Mutton firm. Receipts of Hogs
are more moderate, as previously mentioned,
but there are enough to go around, so prices
do not improve. "
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and s@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Bc; small, B#9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@74c; Ewes, 64@7c per
pound.
LAMB— B@B4c per lb. V*T
PORK— Live Hogs. from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
under 130 lbs. 5y,®54c: sows. 20' per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent off
from the above quotations; dressed Hogs, 74
@S?ic.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: local
make, %c less than Calcuttas? "Wool Bags, 32
@35c: Fleece Twine. 74@Sc: Fruit Bags. 53i@
G4c for cotton and 7@74c for jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canncrg quote as follows, in 24-lb tins: Ap
ples, . $1069146; Apricots, $I@l 50; Peaches, yel
low, $1 20<8163; -do, Lemon Cling, $130*8175;
Bartlett Pears. $1 25@1 75: Plums. 90c® $1 23;
Nectarines. $1@1 50; Muscat Grapes, 95e@5133;
Quinces, $1 10@l 55: Strawberries, $1309175;
Blackberries. $1 3C@l 60.
Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; V\allsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in packs; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 30 per ton, according to
brand. ¦-, \' »"... .«
CORDAGE — local cordage company quotes
as follows: Pure Manila, 16c per Jb: Sisal size,
14 c: Bale Rope, ll@114c; Duplex. lO^c.
Terms, 60 days.- or IVi per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10,000 lbs. lc less. *
PACIFIC CODFISH— per lb, 4V>c;
cases, regular, sc: cases, extra large, Dec
eases, Eastern style, 6c ;. Boneless. 6c; "Nor
way," 6' 4 c: "Narrow Gauge." 6Uc; "Silver
King," 7c: Blocks. 64@7c;- Tablets. 7>-.c- Mid
dles. "Golden State," 7c: Middles. " "White
Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c: 2-lb
boxes, Fancy Boneless. 74@8c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each $7-
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each. $1.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l34©l4c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: ll©l2Hc for prime
washed; 9%tf?9}ic for good washed: 940124 c for
good to prime washed pep. berry; 9@9V;c for
fair to .prime peaberry: 84@04c for good to
prime: 7%®S4c for fair; 54@64c for common
to ordinary-
Salvador— ll4@l24c for strictly prime washed
1 lie for good to prime washed: B@B%c for fair
washed; 10@U4c for good to prime washed pea
berry; B%@9c for good to prime semi-washed
84@9c.for superior unwashed; B@S4c for good
green unwashed; S%@9c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry, i^tdHi for common to or
dinary. .¦ .
Nicaragua— llif?l3c for prime to fancy washed-
B%@lCc for fair to strictly good washed : 74@
B%c for good to superior unwashed: Byi@3c for
good to Dri me unwashed peaberry.
• 1 Guatemala and Mexican— ll4@i4c for prime
¦to fancy • washed: 9@loc for strictly good
washed; S^i<g9c lor good washed; 7&(gS>ic for
AUCTION SALES
THE Pueblo Stable thoroughbreds. s\_^
yearlings, two-year-olds and three- •¦? 1
year-olds, belonging to J. Naglee Burk Esq..
will be sold THURSDAY EVENING. November
21, 1301 at 8 o'clock sharp. OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE, 721-723 Howard st., near
Third. WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
This consignment consists of 21 head and in-
cludes sons and daughters of Flambeau. St.
Carlo. Golden Garter. Belllccso. Crescendo.
Brioso and Drum Major, out of dams of race-
horses, and these mares were sired by Wildidle.
MacGregor. Imp. Kyrle Daly. Wheatly. Flood.
John Happy, Joe Daniels. Fetterlock, Argyle.
Three Cheers and Hldalso. There are brothers
and sisters to Crescendo. Impromptu. Intrada.
Irate, Libitum Intrepido, Gusto, Estro, Destra.
Garbo. Bravura, Evirato. Dolente, Espirando.
etc. Horses at yard. Wednesday. November
20. Send for catalogues.
£?> AUCTION SALE £>
At A. O. MULLIGAN'S HAY and GRAIN
BARN. 530 SEVENTH ST.. SATUR-
DAY, Nov. 23, at 11 a. m.
By order of A. O. Mulligan, who is retiring
from business. I will sell 16 Horses. 3 Four-
Horse Hay Wagons. 10 Sets of Double Harness.
3 Buggies, Ropes, Hooka and tools of all kinds
used in the hay and grain business. This is
the best lot of Horses ever offered at auction.
Mr. Mulligan spent lots of time and money se-
lecting his teams and was known la have the
best teams of any hay and grain dealer In the
pity. Horses are now at the stable and can be
seen any time until day of sale. For further
particulars Inquire of A. O. MULLIGAN or
JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneer. Office
327 Sixth st.
*\__ AUCTION SALE OF GERMAN GOV-
*tfv_ ERNMENT HORSES— head of
broken horses, single and double matched
spans, suitable for buggy, express, butcher,
milk and bakery wagons; also a number of
single buggy horses. . ¦ r.
Intending purchasers can have trial up to
. day of dale. Sale to take place on THURS-
DAY. NOV. 21, 1901. at 11 a. m., at sales-yard.
1732 Market St., corner Van Ness. By order of
John H. Halton. Esq. FRED H. CHASE _
CO.. livestock auctioneers.
fair washed: 6%@74c for medium; s%®6?ic for
Inferior to ordinary; 9@10%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; B@9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry; 7%38%c for good to superior
unwashed.
LEATHER— heavy, 29@32c; extra heavy,
30@40c per lb; medium. 27^!_c; light, 24@_c;
Rough Leather, 26@2Sc: Harness Leather,
heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2;
medium. 30@37c; light. 29@_c; dkirtlng, No. 1,
40@t2c; No. 2, 36®38c; Collar Leather. 15@16c
per foot; Trace Leather, 40@44c; Kip, unfin
ished, 40@50c per lb; Veal, finished, 16@17c per
foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits.
B@loc per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26ig)28 per ton; Stick.
$16@iS per cord.
California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 3c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra, winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40®4Cc per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37% c; cases, 42% c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. 634 c for Ceylon and 58% c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk. -A
13% c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star. W
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene. 22c; A
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 13c: in
cases. 214 c; Benzine. In bulk, 14c; in cases.
20! 3 c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 2uc; in cases.
264 c.
TURPENTINE— per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels. '*¦/"•"'
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T^
74c per Jb; White Lead, 6%@74c, according to
quantity.
SALT— H. R. H.. $24 73 per ton In large sacks
and *25 50 in 50s. Liverpool, $21 25@22 for th«
best and $17 50@20 for lower grades. Higgins',
$27 50@30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— S46 30@47 30 per flask for lo
cal use and $42©43 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-10 bags: -; •¦ ¦
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered. 4.73 c; Candy Granulated. 4.73 c; Dry
Granulated. 4.63 c; Confectioners" A 4.63 c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.63 c; Beet Granulated' (100-lb bags
only). 4.43 c; Magnolia A, 4.25 c; Extra C, 4.15 c:
Golden C. 4.03 c: D. 3.93 c; barrels We more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.13 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist or
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
. LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine
ordinary size. $ISPI9 30; extra sizes higher;
Redwood, n9@:o; Lath, 4 feet. $;!0Oi8>4: pick
ets. $19: Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 75 for No
2: Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rus
tic. $23@31.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 19.
Flour, qr sks 1.34S Hops, bales ..„. M
Wheat, ctls «00 Wool. sk3 23
Barley, ctls 57. 949 Mustard sks .. "^o
Oats, ctls 7'J) Brandy. gala ...
Beans, sks 5.416 Wine, gals
Potatoes, sks 2.2T.0 Leather, rolls ... 13t
Onions, sks 54 Raisins, bxs 1.3W
Bran, sks 3fio Pelrs bdls 101
Middlings, sks... 180 Hides No 311
Hay. tons 248 Sugar, ctla 5.43S
Straw, tons 5
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6.56S Flaxseed. sks ... 2,12*
Oats, ctls 7,410
STOCK MARKET.
Beyond some movement In Alaska Packers
at $1 51%<f 1 51% there was nothing new in stocks
on the morning sessions of the boards.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers got back
to $1 52, and Gas and Electric was lower at
$42 25. Hutchinson Sugar advanced to 115 Co.
Continued rain in the islands are strengthen
ing the Sugar stocks.
The California. Fruit Canneries Association
has declared a dividend of 60c per share, pay
able to-day.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has
passed Its dividend for this month, the procseda
going to defraying cost of a recently developed
water right.
The Spring Valley Water Company has pas**]
Its dividend for this month.
The Central L'.srht and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 4c and the California Pow
der Works Company one of $1 per share to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. ID— p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
.•-.,. Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up..H2%113 -Is qr cp (new). l33 133%.
43 quar res — 112%U3 13s quar coup..loS' 3 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C ss. 107% — Oceanic SS .Is. 103410514
Ca!-st 5s 1174 — Omnibus C 68.12314 —
C C Water 55. 11 l — Pac G Imp 4s. 33 99
Ed L & P 63.. — — •Pk & C H 65.106M13
Fer &Cl H 6s. — 123 Pk & O R 63.121 " —
Geary-st as ... — 100 Powll-st R 5a.118 7 41' 1 0
HC & 3 549.. — — Sac 9O R ss. 914100
Doos ...*.. 99% — SF & SJV 55.123 —
Los Ang R 53.117% — Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 63.101»i - SP of Aria 63
Do gntd 63.. — 1 ri9o9> .11314 "— •
Do gntd 55..102%1034 < IDIOI 114* i— .
L A & P 55..102' 4 — S P of Cal 6a
Do 1 c m 53.101 10.3 (1905>. Ser A.IOS --_••.
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%1?8% • (1905), Ser 8.109 109^
Do 1 c m S3. — 123'..t (Bo6> ... no- —
N R of Cal 6s.ir>Ml2'» r '(1912) 119% —
Do 5s 12Ui122% 3 P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C 53.1074 — c gntd 5s lfinu —
Nor Cal R ss.tl2»i — SP Br Cal 63.135 —
Oak Gas 5s 113 — S V Water 6s. — m
Oak Trans 65..12-»'/i123 ; Do 4s 102% 1
Do Ist c 55..1!2 113 i Do 4a. 3d m. — lOCV ,
Oak Wat g ss. — 105 Stktn Gas 63.. 1024 1034
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 78 76' 2 Port Costa «?4 nn
Marln County. 58 — Spring Valley. SS% S3
GAS AND KLECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% — l^aciflc Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3 3 1 - ! Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual *\i 5% S F G * E.... 4^Vi 42%.
Oakland 51 SlVi'r'an Francisco. 5 5%
Pac Gas Imp.. 334 42 I Stktn G & E.. 8 — i
INSURANCE. A
Firem's Fund. 24o — )
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal • 73 MS L P 4 A 160 _
California 4)17 410 Mer Ex (Uq).. IS 31Vt
Cal Safe Dcp..109% — S F National. .120 —
First Natnl....3li> — '
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1925 — 1 Say & Loan... — 90
Humboldt ..... — — Security SaT..3W 330
Mutual Say... SO — Union Trust.. 1800 —
S F Say U....">2.". — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California 133 — |O S L 4H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 334 —
Market 84 — i •
POWDER.
Giant 83 83%/Vlgorlt 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana — , « sllauea5 llauea ••• —.U 12Vj
Hawaiian .. 37t 3 i 0 Makawell ..... 26 27
Honokaa 124— Onomea 24% —
Hutchinson ... H% to% Paauhaa ...... i2Vi 13>4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 151% — Oceanic a Co.. 44 43
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asa. 834 90 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Jier Ex Oi — Par Paint 16
Mornins Session.
Board—
4 Alaska Packers* Association 131 23
35 Alaska Packers' Association. ...;.. .151 37U
15 Alaska Packers' Association 151 50
ICO Alaska Packers' Association 13175
10 California Fruit fanners 99 50
• 50 California • Wine Association.....!* * M 75
1 20 Giant Powder Con ;.. " «•» sn -L
10 Giant Powder C0n.... ""; jg 371" ?
Continued on Page Elevta.HOUSEKEEPER
IS HIS BRIDE
Hotelman Potter of Los
Angeles Surprises
Friends.
Weds His Employe Quietly
and Tells No Person
About It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— Milo M. Pot
ter, proprietor of the Van Nuys Hotel,
to-day recorded a notable and memora
ble event in his career. He was united In
marriage to the popular and efficient
housekeeper at the Van Nuys, Mrs. Nellie
Jones. ¦
~y rotter's achievement was the more no
fjceable in this respect— he accomplished
his wedding and left town with his bride
without scarcely a soul being the wiser.
At a late hour to-night no one around
the hotel knew anything definite about
tht? event.
The long retinue of clerks, waitr.
bellboys and chambermaids simply knew
that Potter and Mrs. Jones nad been
married and that they had gone north
on the "o*i" train, Vhe employes were
dazed and knew nothing further. Said
.Sight Clerk Strombach:
"One of the bellboys saw Mr. Potter
and his bride and the latter's daughter.
Miss Nina Jones, come from the rear ele
vator at a o'ciock. They all proceeded at
once to ' lie south entrance, where their
baggage was waiting. They got into a
carriage ana were driven away. Nobody
knew about it until they were gone. If
my life were in the balance 1 could not
say who married them or where they
have gone. "
Mrs. Jones has been the Van Nuy-.
housekeeper since tne opening of the
house, several years ago. This is Pot
ter's first venture into matrimony. Some
time ago he contributed an article pub
lished in a local newspaper entitled "Why
I Am a Bachelor." Late to-night a re
porter rapped at the room 01 Potter's
r.ald.
"What do you want?" called the maid.
"Tell me what you know about the wed
ding." shouted the reporter.
"I'm in bed with a cold in my head."
was the gloom,y word that came back.
"Besides. 1 don't know anything about it."
> hereupon tie maid extinguished her
Jr?.':t and the reporter felt justified in
Withdrawing.
RAILWAY DETECTIVE
KILLS SAFE-CRACKER,
Criminal Comes to Grief in Attempt
to Rob a Seattle Ticket
Office.
SEATTLE. Nov. 19.— T. D. Rush, a
burglar, was killed this morning while
attempting to break into the safe of the
Northtrn Pacific ticket office. He was
killed by Detective Hunt, who had been
watching lor him for several day- Sinco
last Thursday night Rush had been slow
ly boring his way into the ticket office.
About 6:30 o'clock Thursday evening
Tick Seller | velsey heard the worK go
ing on., but at first believed the noise was
made by rats. His suspicions were later
aroused, however, and he notified the
police department that some one was try
ing to bore through the floor in the vicin
ity of the safe. The police set a watc"h,
&nd during Friday and Saturday nights
the work went on.
This morning the police made an inves
tigation. A ticket case standing close to
the safe was removed and two large holes
were uncovered. The would-be burglar
/was evidently using an Inch bit augur,
"^ arid there were aheady fifteen holes «ji
i the floor. These holes were within two
inches of the -i|re of the safe. Just un
der the right ena of the money box was
a big drawer of about the same dimen
sions as the aperture under the cash
drawer. This drawer was fastened by
hinges to a trap door. Finishing touches
on the job were completed on Sunday
night.
Last night two policemen and Private
Detective Hunt of the Northern Pacific
Railway ambushed the cracksman. Rush
opened the trap door and started work
on the bottom of the safe at about 1
o'clock. The officers in some way
alarmed him and he dodged through the
hole, closed the trap and stopped to bolt
It. Detective Hunt fired two shots
through the floor, one of which broke
Rush's arm and the other penetrated the
base of his brain. He fell from, the plat
form on which he was standing to the
ground a nd was shortly afterward re
moved in a dying condition from under
the building. He died at the hospital at
5 o'clock this morning.
Rush was identified by a bank book
found in' his shoe. It is not known
whether he had a confederate.
THICK FOG CAUSES
ACCIDENTS IN CHICAGO
Two Men Are Killed and Scores
Are Injured in Many
Collisions.
<~HKAGO. Nov. If*. —The thickest fog
p Chicago caused nu
aerr ns between trains early
to-day. £¦ I, the police say.
injured in minor accidents due to
:og.
•mbulanee in the city was kept
». m. to 7:30 a. m. carry
to their homes or to hos
. >Ie more serious accidents oc
" on the Metropolitan and Lake
• vated roadp. There were tw>
on the Lake-street L, two on
L. one on the Northwest
• \v r-on suburban trains
>land and the Lake Shore
illislons between vehicles and
_r^ were frequent, but while a
were injured by
:-; juries incapacitated
is chiefly to the
yes.
¦he various car collision? two men
• killed and a score injured.
POSTTJM CEREAL.
COFFEE COMPLEXION.
Many Ladies Have Poor Complexions
From Coffee.
"Coffee caused dark colored blotches on
my face and body. I had been drinking it
for a long: while and these blotches grad-
ually appeared, until finally they became
permanent and were about as dark as cof-
iK itself.
*i formerly had as fine a complexion as
one could ask for.
When I became convinced that coffee
¦was the cause of my trouble, I changed
and took to using Postum Cereal Food
Coffee, and as I made it well, according
to directions, I liked it very much,, and
have since that time used it entirely in
p'.ace of coffee.
I am thankful to say I am not nervous
any more, as I was when I was drinking
coffee, and my complexion is now as fair
and good as it was years ago. It is very
plain that the coffee caused the trouble.
Please omit my name from public print."
Mre. , 2051 Ogden aye.. Chicago, 111.
The name of this lady can be given by the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich.
Most bad complexions are caused by
some disturbance of the stomach, and cof-
fee is the greatest disturber of digestion
known. Almost any woman can have a
fair complexion if ste will leave off cof-
fee and use Postum Food Coffee and nu-
tritious, healthy food in proper quantity.
The food coffee furnishes certain parts of
th* natural grains from the field that na-
4P* uses to rebuild the nervous system
aiid when that is in good condition one
can depend upon a good complexion as
well as a general healthy condition of the
body.
TRIP TO ORIENT
REVIVES RUMORS
Great Secrecy Veils Mis
sion of a Steamship
Manager.
Belief Is Expressed That He
Negotiated for New
China Line.
Among the passengers on the steam
ship China, which arrived from the Ori
ent on Saturday, was H. Heidenreich.
general manager of the Hamburg-Amerl-
BM Steamship Company at New York.
The coming of Heidenreich was made the
occasion for the spreading of numerous
reports to the effect that he was here
for the purpose of establishing a steam
ship line between San Francisco and the
Orient, the same to connect with the
Santa Fe Railroad. Efforts were made
by members of the local press to see
Heidenreich with reference to the rumor,
but to all cards stnt to his apartments
at the Palace the answer "not in" was
returned.
Hoidenreich left for Chicago without
warning yesterday morning. Inquiry
j-rnong officials of the Santa Fe Railway
during the day disclosed the fact that
Heldenrtich was unknown to them. The
it: formation was vouchsafed by the high
er officials that there was absolutely no
truth in the rumor that any steamship
line with Santa Fe connections was to
itablished at an early date. One of
the reports was that three fine liners
would be placed in commission before
May 1 next. If this was founded on fact,
the Harbor Commissioners knew nothing
ol the matter, and as they would have
to be consulted with reference to harbor
fac-lities. and as thty had not the pleas
ure of meeting: Heidenreich during his
brief stay in the city, it is likely that the
rumor lacks foundation.
Telegraphic reports from the East two
months ago announced that the steam
ship line mentioned was under considera
tion by the Hamburg-American Company.
That corporation denied the story abso
lutely. It is now claimed that Manager
Heidenroich's trip to the Orient was one
of pleas-ure only, and that it had no con
nection with the project alluded to.
While on a visit to the Custom-house
Monday Managei Heidenreich informed a
wel! known customs official that his com
pany would positively place three fine
siej.mers in commission between this
port and the Orient before May 1 next.
The statement has given rise to consid
erable speculation among customs offi
cials, who declare their belief that the
project will surely be carried through.
NOT GUILTY
IS HER PLEA
Mrs. Lola Ida Bonine's
Trial for Murder Is
Begun.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19.-The trial of
Mrs. Lola Ida Bonine.on indictment for the
murder of the young census clerk, James
Seymour Ayres Jr.. in the latter's room at
the Kenmore Hotel in this city last May.
began to-day before Justice Anderson in
Criminal Court No. 1.
At 10:10 o'clock Mrs. Bonine appeared in
the court room, accompanied by the vet
eran guard. James W. Springman. She
walked in so quietly that the entrance was
scarcely noted and took a seat beside her
husband, just back of her counsel and in
front of her sister. Mrs. Wocham. She
smiled as she greeted her sister and the
latter placed her arms gently about her
as she sank into her seat.
Mrs. Bonine listened calmly to the read
ing- of the indictment and pleaded "not
guilty " in low but distinct tones. After
a brief statement of the case by Judge
Anderson, the examination of jurors was
begun and when the court adjourned for
the day the panel was exhausted. There
were twenty-six members of the panel and
of these fourteen were excused, leaving
twelve in the box.
The first contention between opposing
counsel arose in connection with the
calling of a juror named Smith, a col
ored man and an undertaker. He stated
that he had formed an opinion in the case
but that it was not bo firmly fixed that it
could not be modified by new testimony.
Doug-lass, of Mrs. Bonlne's. counsel, chal
lenged "for cause." District Attorney
Gould antagonized the challenge and
Douglass addressed the court, pleading for
liberal construction of the law, because
of the importance of the case. The chal
lenge, however, was overruled. Douglass
noted an exception, the first of the trial,
and then peremptorily challenged the ju
ror, who was excused. It is expected there
will be other challenges when the court
convenes to-morrow.
Mrs. Bonine was apparently as calm as
any of the spectators during the proceed
ings. She spoke frequently with her hus
band and sister and only once or twice
with her attorneys. During a part of the
day her two boys, respectively 15 and ]3
years of age. were in the court room. Af
ter adjournment she took dinner with her
friends in the prison dining room, being
closely attended all the time by her guard.
She was then returned to jail. The trial
will be resumed at 10 a. m. to-morrow.
DISCOVERS THE PROOF
OF THE NEBULAR THEORY
Professor Ritchey Makes an Astro
nomical Observation That Will
Bender Him Famous.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— Professor G. V>\
Ritchey of Yerkes Observatory is reported
to have made a discovery in astronomy
which will make himself and the observa
tory famous. The discovery, in brief, is
the proof of what Is known as the nebular
theory, and Professor Ritchey appears to
have reduced to a matter of certainty
what has heretofore been merely a bril
liant hypothesis. It its claimed" that lie
has done this in obtaining photographic
evidence of evolution among the plane
tary bodies.
The Yerkes Observatory is part of the
University of Chicago, though located at
Williams Bay, Lake Geneva, Wis. It was
endowed by Charles T. Yerkes of this
city.
PRISONEB GIVES BATTLE
TO POLICE OFFICERS
liiomas O'Brien Fig-hts Desperately
With Handcuffs On in Jail
Elevator.
"While Thomas O'Brien, charged with
petty larceny, was being removed with
other prisoners in the patrol wagon from
the City Hall Station to the Hall of Jus
tice last night he attempted to escape at
the corner of Market and Kearny streets.
The prisoners were in charge of Officers
Birdsall and Hurley, while Officer Sullivan
was on the seat.
O'Brien succeeded in getting out of the
wagon and ran a short distance, when he
was captured by Birdsall. O'Brien shewed
fight and Hurley ran to help Birdsall. The
policemen found it necessary to use tOeir
clubs to subdue their captive.
After the irons were placed on O'Brien
he proceeded peacefully enough until he
got into the elevator to go to the prison'
The cage had only stalled when he raised
his hands over his head and attempted to
strike Birdsall with the handcuffs. A
warning cry from the other prisoners put
the officers on their guard and they went
after O'Brien. He fought desperately and
it was not until he was badly beaten that
he could be overcome. He was landel
bleeding and insensible in the City Prison.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
TWO VERY ELABORATE LUNCHEONS
OCCUPY ATTENTION OF SWELL SET
TWO OF THE LADIES WHO WILL PRESIDE AT THE DOLL TABLE AT THE GIFT SALE TO BE HELD IN THE
PALACE HOTEL THIS AFTERNOON IN AID OF THE NURSERY FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN, AND A
WONDERFUL BISQUE CREATION.
THE University Club was the scene
of an elegant luncheon given yes
terday afternoon by Miss Mary
Harrington complimentary to Mrs.
Lawrence S. Adams and Mrs. Ten
nant Harrington. The table, an immense
round one, was magnificently decorated,
green being the only color used. Delicate
maiden hair and asparagus ferns, the vel
vety leaves of the cactus and the tall and
graceful papyrus were used principally in
the exquisite and artistic decorations.
Green candles in silver candelabra and
with green shades were used for illumina
tion.
Luncheon was served at 2 o'clock. Seat
ed at table were Miss Mary Harrington,
Mrs. Adams. Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, Mrs.
Alexander Keyes, Mrs. George Tallant,
Mrs. Frank, Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Walter Mc-
Gavin, Mrs. Fred Tallant, Mrs. Alfred
Tubbs, Mrs. H. B. Chase, Mrs. Chamber
lain, Mrs. Harrington, Mrs. Stoney, Mrs.
McAllister, Mrs. Rodgers, Miss Sailie
Maynard, Mrs. Otis, Mrs. John Johns,
Mrs. Pool, Mrs. Kane, Mrs. Peyton, Miss
Louise Harrington, Mrs. Carey Fried
lander, Mrs. W. H. Taylor and Mrs. Brig
ham.
• • ?
Nearly all the details are now completed
for the great gift sale which will be held
at the Palace on Thursday for the benefit
of the San Francisco Nursery for Home
less Children.
The wonderful doll table, necktie table
and apron table will be stocked with a
most tempting collection of neckwear,
aprons and sawdust and bisque ladies.
For the past few days fairy fingers have
been fashioning 1 the ties and the aprons
and dressing the dolls. The result of all
this labor is one of marvelous and en
trancing beauty. The other tables arc
not being neglected, either, and will boast
of beautiful and useful articles, all of
which will be placed on sale at most rea
sonable prices.
The doll table, which will be presidei
over by Mrs. W. S. Leake, promises to be
a feature of the bazaar. Miss Georgle
Spieker and Miss Ruby Sessions, two
charming belles, will assist her in dispos
ing of the dolls on exhibition.
A special feature of the candy boolli
will be delicious home-made candy.
The outlook for the sale is a most prem
ising one and without doubt the nursery
will be much the richer for the efforts of
the charitable ladies who are interested
in the charity and who have charge of
the sales.
• * *
One of the most interested spectators of
the football game between the West Point
and Annapolis cadets will be President
Roosevelt. The game will be played on
the Franklin Field gridiron, Philadelphia,
Escapes Conviction on a Law Point.
Captain N. H. Nielsen of the schooner
Queen was acquitted yesterday by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock of
the charge of issuing a false certificate to
the effect that Edward Johnson had been
employed by him as a seaman on board
his vessel "between September 1 and No
vember 20." This statement was false,
Johnson being at the period mentioned a
barkeeper for Swanson an the water
Miss Harrington Enter
tains Mrs. Adams and
Mrs. Harrington.
on November 30. The President has de
cided to attend the game and will leave
Washington on the morning of November
30 and return immediately after the con
test.
• * •
Round a table gorgeous with yellow
blossoms twenty ladies enjoyed a most
delicious luncheon yesterday as the guests
of the Misses Fanny and Josephine
Loughborough. The guests were seated
at an immense round table. On the center
of the. board was a bank of magnificent
yellow chrysanthemums, while beautiful
violets were strewn in an artistic confu
sion upon the snowy damask. The dining
room of the Lioughborc.igh residence, cor
ner of O'Farrsll and Franklin streets, in
which the luncheon ' was served, was
bright with gorgeous-hued autumn leaves?.
The Misses Loughborough's guests were.
Mrs. J. .W. Keeney, Mrs. Fletcher Ryer,
Mrs, Frank Griffin, Miss Edith Hunting
ton, the Misses Spreckels, Miss Maud
Mullins, Miss Bertha Dolbeer, Miss Mary
Jolliffe, Miss Olive Holbrook, Miss Flora
Elmore, Miss Bessie Zane, Miss Sophie
Pierce, Miss Edith Mcßean. Miss Kale
May Dillon, Miss Margaret Salisbury,
Miss Celia Tobin. Mis 3 Therese Morgan
and Miss Mamie Polhemus.
'• ¦ .- .••.'-• .• "¦• ¦¦ ¦
The Chinese Minister, Wu Ting Fans,
has given out the statement that th-?
three young women who came from China
with Madam Wu and have arrived In
Washington are in no way to be consid
ered official visitors and will take no part
in the social life of the capital. They are
all less than 17 years of age, the youngest
who is said to be a niece of her hostess,
being 14. Unlike the feminine members
of the Turkish Minister's household, they
will go about the streets unaccompanied
by their hostess, but wish to be entirely
free from any attention or . notice. The
Minister and his | wife will do the usual
amount of entertaining, but have no idea
of presenting Madam Wu's young com
panions to society. * . '
;?'?¦?-.¦
The members of the Automobile Club
of America are taking steps for the con
struction of a private -speedway on Lone
Island for automobile racing, Foxhall P.
Kcene and William K. Vanderbilt Jr. bo
ing the prime movers in the; affair.
• * *
Major and Mrs. Darling are in New
York, where they are the guests of -. Mrs.
Darling's son. Dr. Catherwoo'd. : They ¦ are
expected in this city early in December.
Since their absence of nearly two yean*
Major and Mrs. Darling have spent the
time in extended European travel.
.. .... • :; * .., • ¦.,.:.•¦
" ? President Roo&evelt has' finally found a
suitable span of horses with long tails.
The two animals, thoroughbred Hamt»le
tonians, were bought <n- Baltimore. • Tha
horses are perfectly matched bays. They
will be known as "Admiral" and "Gen
eral." . The horses were bought from
Moses Moses, a Baltimore dealer, the
same who sold to . President McKinley his
two spirited bays. The3e animals are now
front, although he had been previously
a n:ember of the crew of the Queen. On
the strength of the certificate Johnson ob
tained admission to the United States Ma
rine Hospital and received free medical
treatment for about three months.
Nielsen's counsel, Bert Schlesinger, ad
m'tted the facts, but raised the legal point
that the issuance of the certificate was
pot a violation of any Federal statute.
Commissioner Heacock sustained the
point and discharged the defendant.
being used daily by Mrs. McKtnley In her
drives about Carton, Ohio. The horses
just bought by President Roosevelt both
were sired by Abdallah Belmont and were
bred in Michigan for trotting uses. The
negotiations for their purchase were con
ducted by Arthur G. Hurley of Noi th
Adams, Mass., foreman of the White
House stables. Mr. Hurley went to Bal
timore, made a study of the animals, re
turned to Washington and gave a minute
description to President Roosevelt. ThJ
President then sent Dr. G. E. Brown,
veterinary surgeon of the quartermaster's
department of the army, to Baltimore.
He pronounced the horses thoroughly
sound and the President at once com
pleted the purchase. The price is said ta
have been about $2000.
* • *
President Roosevelt's action in adorning
the hats of his coachman and footmen
with cocl*ades has created a good deal of
discussion in society. The origin of
the cockade dates back to the days when
soldiers used to "cock" their hats, that is
to say, hold the brim in position by means
of a bunch or rosette of ribbons, usually
consisting of the regimental colors. Long
after the three-cornered hat was aban
doned in the army it was retained as a
headgear for footmen and coachmen, and
indeed still to this day forms part and
parcel of the state liveries of great nobles,
high official dignitaries and of royal per
sonages in Europe, the nobles using a
cockade of the colors of their escutcheons,
while Embassadors, as a rule, make use
of the colors of their country for the
purpose.
When ordinary high silk hats came into
use for the wear of liveried servants the
cockade was transferred to the hat, and
worn no longer on the brim, but fastened
to the crown on the right side, and it is
this form of cockade that has been adopt
ed by President Roosevelt for his men in
livery.
Strictly speaking, the cockade should be
used by none but the servants of those
holding commissions in the army and
navy, and it is to be presumed that the
President has caused his domestics to
adopt it in his capacity as commander-in
chief of the naval and military forces of
the United States. In England, however,
the cockade is worn not only by the ser
vants^of officers of the army and navy,
but likewise by the domestics of all those
holding any kind of high office under the
crown, and on the Continent much the
same rule prevails, there being, indeed,
laws almost obsolete and rarely enforced
against the unwarranted use of the cock
ade.
The cockade forms part and parcel of
the liveries of all Old World rulers, those
of the President of the French republic
being red. white and blue, that is to say,
the colors of the republic.
• * •
The Union League Club has sent out in
vitations for a ladies' night at the League
Club rooms. Palace Hotel, Friday even
ing, November 22.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Orvill D. Newman,
aged 23 years, and M;iybell I. Clark, 17,
both of Livermore; Arthur H. Hopkins,
29, and May F. Cahlll, 18, both of Oak
land; William J. P. Kessell, over 21, and
Clara Thuman, over 18, both of San Fran
cisco; Henry Timmermann, 36, Pleasan
ton, and Amanda Larson, 30, San Fran
cisco.
GERMANS WAR
ON CHAMBERLAIN
Kaiser's People Bitterly
Resent Criticism of
English.
Reichstag May Consider Ref
erences to the Old
Soldiers.
BERLIN, Nov. 19.— The anti-Chamber
lain movement in Germany Is spreading.
In spite of the remonstrance issued offi
cially by the Deutscher Kriegerbund, the
Society of Veterans of Berlin to-day held
a large and enthusiastic meeting, \n
which the utterances of Chamberlain at
Edinburgh were heartily denounced.
Other soldiers" anti-Chamberlain meet
ings are to be held at Cologne, Mul
heim, Brunswick and Bonnvetie, and stu
dents' meetings of like character will be
held at Bonn, Wurzburg, Leipsic, Halle
and Munich, while popular meetings are
announced in Bochum, Brunswick and
other places.
Referring to these matters, the Post,
speaking semi-offlcially, says the Govern
ment sees no reason to identify itself
with the vehement utterances at irre
sponsible meetings, or to take action
against Chamberlain's accusations con
cerning the German soldiers, since the
latter's words at Edinburgh were noth
ing more than the private utterance of
the British statesman. But if the matter
is broached in the Reichstag affairs will
assume an entirely different course. In,
this event the Government would find
occasion to express itself befittingly.
Policeman's Murderer Captured.
JUNCTION CITY. Kans., Nov. 19.— W.
D. Buchanan of Troop D, Fourteenth
Cavalry, who murdered Policeman White
here last night, was captured to-day in
the stable at Fort Riley, Assistant Mar
shal E. L. Cooper was mortally wounded
by the murderer at the same time White
was shot and is dying. No reason for the
murder is assigned.
Ferry-Foy Wedding.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 19.— Miss Lulu
Foy, prominent in San Rafael society cir
cles, was married to-day to Pierre P.
Ferry, an attorney of Seattle. The cere
mony took place in St. Paul's Episcopal
Church and was performed by the Rev.
W. Hall. A wedding breakfast was after
ward enjoyed in^Kotel Rafael by a large
number of friends.
PLOT TO BREAK
JAIL MISCARRIES
Murderer Suesser Fails
in Attempt to Free
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 19.— A plot to break
jail, with George Suesser, the murderer
of Sheriff Farley of Monterey County, at
its head, has been unearthed by Jailer
Dreischmeyer in the County Jail. Im
plicated with Suesser, who is under sen
tence of death, were Frank Johnson, an
ex-convict, who was taken to San Quentin
on Monday to serve a burglary sentence;
Jan John, a Chinese convicted of perjury,
and a prisoner named Curtis.
Owing to the overcrowded condition of
the jail the men were removed from the
little to the big tank. They occupied cells
adjoining one another. Some time ago a
man named Bowman was committed to
the jail. He was a cripple and on the side
of his shoe was a steel rod to support the
ankle. Suesser and the others took this
shoe from Bowman and out of the piece
of steel made a saw. The cripple was
threatened with vengeance if he reported
the loss of his shoe. This steel was con.
verted into an excellent saw and blankets
were torn and woven into a rope.
In the rear of the cells occupied by the
men were small windows covered by bars,
and above the bars another grating. It
was proposed to cut these with the saw.
The men could then climb to the ceiling,
and after cutting the bars over the sky
light reach the top of the building. Then
they could lower themselves to the ground
with the blanket rope.
Before the plans could be carried out
Johnson was taken to San Quentin and a
search of the cells revealed the hidden
articles by means of which the men hoped
to escape. Suesser and the two others are
now doing a itunt in solitary confinement.
COAL WAGON WRECKED
BY POST-STREET CAR
Brakes Did Not Hold and Valuable
Horse Will Die of Its
Injuries.
A coal wagon belonging to C. A. War
ren was wrecked on Post street. Just be
low Taylor, at noon yesterday by aji
electric car of the Pest street line, and a
valuable horse was so badly injured that
it will probably die. The driver, Walter
Stanton, was thrown violently from the
wagon and severely bruised. All of the
four horses of the team were more or less
bruised or battered nnd one side of the
car was wrecked, but, fortunately, none
of the passengers were hurt.
The car was coming at a high rate of
speed down the hill and the wagon was
going in the same dliection. As the car
approached the motorman applied the
brakes, but the rails were wet and the
brakes would not hold. The car plunged
ahead with its momentum scarcely dimin
ished and struck the wagon Just after
crossing Taylor street. The wagon was
lifted into the air and it and the horses
were carried more t^ian a hundred feet
down the street before the car stopped.
One of the horses, a fine bay animal val
ued at $175, was got free from the wreck
age of car and wagon only after much
effort, and then almost bled to death from
cuts in the groin befoic it could be taken
to a veterinary surgeon on Howard street.
Two women were on the front outside
seats of the car. but succeeded In jump
ing off without being injured. The pas
sengers inside were showered with coal
and broken glass, but no one was hurt,
and though one side of the front of the
car was ground into kindling wood the
motor man escaped injury.
Huntsman Accidentally Killed.
BIGGS, Nov. 19.— While hunting geese
this morning on the Keppel ranch, nine
miles west of Biggs, F. C. Vernon. aged
about 20 years, was instantly killed by the
accidental discharge of a shotgun in the
hands of John Thede. Vernon arrived
from Oklahoma on Friday and went to
work at the ranch on Sunday.
JVlellin'sfoodi
Baby's future happiness
depends on present
nourishment. ;
Pictures of well nourished babies in
«ur book. Send for it; it is free.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
URGE WARFARE
ON SALOONS
Christian Temperance
Women Define Their
Purposes.
New Officers Are Elected at
the Fort Worth Con
vention.
FORT WORTH. Tex.. New ID.— Three
prominent features marked the proceed
ings of the national convention of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
the last but one of the sessions, viz.: The
election of officers, the final deliverance
of a platform of principles and a decision
in respect to political action.
The last was not accomplished without
considerable debate, the extremists con
tending that as the convention had de
clared in its resolutions for Christian cit
izenship, a constitutional enactment con
cerning polygamy and monogamy sue
marriage and the necessity for prohibit
ing the manufacture, sale and distribu
tion of alcoholic liquors by law. it would
only be consistent to cast its fortunes
with the political party pledged to all of
these reforms.
The conservative portion of the converf
tion, however, held that as the cause of
opposition to the liquor traffic has so far
prospered through non-partisan action,
"let well enough alone" should continue
to be the motto. The latter view pre
vailed.
The national banner of the local Tem
perance Legion was won by Arkansas.
Resolutions were adopted as follows:
Advocating: total abstinence as the only safe
rule for each man and woman habit of life:
upholding the principle of prohibition a.-< the
only righteous protection against the most un
scrupulous and demoralizing: traffic on earth:
reaffirming the statement that "the American
army is far better off without intoxicants of any
kind." and Indorsing the anti-canteen law:
believing in a revival nt Christian citizenship
founded on divine Ideals of righteousness; de
ploring the death of the late President Me-
Kinley; favoring the peaceful solution of labor
troubles by arbitration and calling upon work
men to join in the battle against the saloon:
calling for perfect equality of men and women
before the law; demanding an amendment to
the constitution defining marriage as monoga
mous and punishing plural marriages by dis
qualification to vote or hold office, in addition
to severe penalties.
The election of officers resulted in the
selection of the following: President.
Mrs. Lillian M. Stevens; corresponding
secretary, Suzanna M. D. Frye: record-
Ing secretary. Mrs. Clara C. Hoffman;
treasurer. . Mrs. Helen Morton Barker;
vice president at large, Miss Anna V.
Gordon.
FALL FROM HIS HORSE
CAUSES FATAL SHOOTING
Shotgun Carried by a Bells Station
Youth Is Discharged and He
Is Killed.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 19.- Willie Hooper, the
U-year-old son of W. Hooper, a rancher
near Bells station, southeast of Gilroy,
was accidentally killed yesterday after
noon. The boy was riding to Gilroy on
horseback, carrying a loaded shotgun over
the horn of his saddle. In some way the
girth of the saddle became loosened and
the saddle slipped, throwing young
Hooper to the ground. The discharge of
the gun followed, the heavy load of shot
entering the boy's breast. Flesh and bon©
were torn away, the heart being exposed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This / This
soap \ soap •
purifies / saves
clothes \ about
without c half of
boiling C wash-
them. (^ day.
I FELS-HAPTHA I
This v This
'soap c*> soap
saves ] having
about \ naptha vl*
half \ cleanses
the / things
work. ) quickly.
FeU * Co., Philada.
Gray, Lans & Stroh (Inc.). San Francisco.
It is the Best Toilet Soap made. A wonderfo
¦kin curative. Best for toe complexion. Bes*
for the bath. Best for the baby. Best for It*
hair. Large cakes 13c. Trial size 5c.; all drug-
gists'. Munyons Remedies are positive cure»
Advice and Guide to Health free by mail.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
MDIIOFS MHALEB CUBES CATAB2H.
SDR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private boo*
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed. \
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI«.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ¦
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
.- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own. merits.'
- ' NABER. ALFS & BRUNT. Agents,
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
©lERCE'S
ft^r FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEW.
4«Sk ¦ mm m 483k - Rifles. Ammunition. . Flsh-
<HSaS6ll{L" ing Tackle. Sporting. Out-
|nl\ inK Goods. Largest Stock.
1l 99 U ¦ » Lowest Prices. Send for
lIIIHI ¦ Catalogue and Job Sheet.
:** r¦¦ ** SHREVE * BABBES CO.
739 Market. 311 Kear ny
910
bAN FRANCISCO CALL.
I BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p.- m.
639 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
815 Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m.
I*4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and A. •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-^i^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third XX
degree. THEO FROLICH. Sec, '^l
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. m
M.— Degree 3 THIS EVENING. Nov. *fi
20. at 7 o'clock. By order of the W. M. j^X
H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /V '
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M. -Called meeting THIS EVENING, _J\_
Nov. 20 at 7 o'clock. Third degree. ILJC
H. J. OWEN, Secretary. /NF^
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING .at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- )SLJ\
gree. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary. *^'
L O. O. F. DISTRICT meeting No. «^*M^,
67— Farnsworth Lodge No. 95, Pa- a g/7S%*Sj*
clflc Lodge No. 155. Unity Lodge
No. 131, Ophlr Lodge No. 171, 'vn*&>
Alta Lodge No. 205 and Golden West Lodge
No. 322 will please assemble on third floor of
I. O. O. F. building. Seventh and Market sts.,
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8
o'clock, to hold district meeting with Fame-
worth Lodge No. 95.
WM. E. DUBOIS. D. D. O. M.
SPARTAN Lodge No. 125, I. O. O. w^jyy^
F. , will have initiation THIS jSy"fffi£
WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Vis- ri^lß^gF
ltors welcome. •'•»«•-
J. W. ROSE, X. O.
T. C. LEARY. Sec.
I MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. F.— ,^hb^.
Initiation, four candidates, THIS i§?/2S>§K
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Nov. -J^ajßaJjT
20; Covenant Hall; visitors cor- / ™*'^
dially invited, J. H. BRAMSTEDT, N. G. \
C. BRIND. Recording Secretary. %
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. <"jff ft ~
297, I. O. O. F. — Officers and mem- -^Wjap
bers are respectfully requested
to attend meeting THURSDAY,* '^7»w^ j
Nov. 21, 1901. at 8 p. m. Nomination* at
officers and important business.
L. CARRAINE N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Damon i|r
Lodge No. 2, Knights of Pythias— », j<S*>
You are hereby requested to assemble Cjc»&£
in our Castle Hall TO-MORROW 4^>L£3
(Thursday) at 1 p. m. sharp to attend the
funeral of our late brother. WILL J. BEAT-
TY. C. L. SEARS, C. C. Pro Tern.
J. H. DANTON, K. of R. and S. Pro Tern.
FRANKLIN Lodge No. 44. A. O. U. W. .*««>
—Officers and members are requested £ff^s>£ '
to attend the funeral of our late v£S<ifSf i
brother PAST MASTER "WORKMAN «BSS^
WILL J. BEATTY. on THURSDAY, Nov. 21, I
at 1:30 p. m.. at K. of P. Castle Hail, 905 Mar-
ket 6t. By order of
R. ISENBRUCK, M. W.
JNO. BOVET, Recorder pro tern.
NATIONAL UNION. Call- ««lt^KP a> "»v
fornia Council, meets TO- ' "^gjtlS.. *^i_
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, Xf ¦¦¦ *^>
Fourth eL, at 8 o'clock (In > " "*
Its new hall). Visiting friends cordially In- ;
vited. By order . .
W. a. B. NICHOLSON. President
C. H. VAN ORDEK, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. B. Swank In the Gold Run
mine, near Mountain Ranch, Calaveras Coun- !
ty, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the i
mine; from D. Hartley & Co.. in the Roan-
oke mine, near Placervllle, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in White Rock Creek; from j
William McDonald, in the Dardanelles and I
Oro placer mine, near Forest Hill, Placer I
County, to deposit tailings in Dardanelles !
Canon, and from W. S. and C. A. Cooley, !
in the Smith Bar mine, near Keep, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out
pit, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 69. Flood building, San Francisco, j
Cal.. on December 2, 1901. at 1:30 p. m. !
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Best "Life of McKlnley" & Christ-
ma* book*; 75 per cent discount; outfit free;
freight paid; credit gi%-en; valuable premium;
cur agents get $200 in gold for Christmas.
HENRY NEIL. £23 Dearborn St.. Chicago. 111.
A.SPUALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free ; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn; fee* low; open
eve's. THURSTON, 100SV4 Mkt., r. 4, opp. Bth.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge -without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
l« years. Atty G. W. HOWE. $50 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 916 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, &27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange. ;
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
send for bargain list LEAVITT k BILL, ,
80S Larkln gt.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
INFANTS boarded from birth; fresh cow's and
coat' a milk; trained nurse. 8 Jurl st, near
Valencia 'at. depot . ¦ - v. •
MOTHER'S car* and good borne for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California at
| GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 children to board;
room for parents. 439 Minna st. ¦
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2S5*.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
, BUREAU TRUNKS. ~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock:
prior*. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A. RARE offer. A rare offer! A $5000 saloon in
beet business location on Market st; long
lease; rent only $2 50 per day; elegant fix-
tures and business clearing above $300 month.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26»£ Kearny st.
$500: SALOON, few doors from Market st. ;
rent $20; a place taking In from $15 to $20 per
day; cood fixtures; National cash register
and clearing at least $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 26& Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
good paying business: value in eight; partners
can't agree. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. :
$3500: SALOON, with mercantile lunch; net
rent $50; place established for 30 years; In
beet part of the wholesale district; owner
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par-
, ticular* R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st
A— $1000; SALOON in wholesale district; kept
. by present owner for 20 years; clearing above
$175 per month; owner engaged In other en-
terprlsee. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — COFFEE saloon and chop house on East
st., price $1600; rent $90: water free; clearing
et least $300 month: finest chance in this
line. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted In one of the best
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call K.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
$1000; BAKERY on Market st. low rent; 5
• years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels !
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500 I
the last 5 months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Et.
CIGAR stand; fruit stand and horse $75-
coal yard, $600; express and delivery busl- i
. ness, $450; grocery and liquors, rent $21 cost I
-. $1000. now $625; $250. bakery, butter, eggs;
choc shop. $100; restaurant 24 years there 13
tables. $800; notion store, $200, rent $14- no- >
tion store, rent $10. $250; will trade for lodging I
house? 10 acres fruit; cigar stand for rent $10-
oyster house. $400; exclusive State right $200;
partner printing business. DECKER, 921 Mkt. I
A— CIGAR stands, cigar stands, cigar stands.
A profitable, well located cigar stand is a
nice business to own. I investigate stands
closely before offering them for sale. Have !
some choice locations this week. Kindly call I
before purchasing. I will treat you on the I
square and save you money. C. L. HEDGES
461-462 Parrott building.
RESTAURANT, $135; rent $10; a bargain. Mo-
BRIDE & CO., 765 Market st
STATIONERY and notion; $200; worth $400;
roust sell; proprietor died. McBRIDE &CO
765 Market at
$350— NICE cigar store on O'Farrell st. ; worth
$500; a good chance. McBRIDE & CO., 765
Market st. _^
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION! "
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced.- WILLIAMS, VIERECK & CO..
Rooms 3 and 4, 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason.
RESTAURANT, established years, clearing
$2000, for sale; part cash; proprietor retiring
from business. Inquire JOHN R. VAN ARS-
DALE. 428 Sixth at
BUSINESS CHAHTCES — Contlnned.^
$360— PARTNER wanted In good business; trade
established; call and Investigate; this is a
good chance. 935 Market St.. room 14.
CANDY and icecream parlor*; a rare bargain;
party leaving: State; present receipts Jl5O per
month. Call 535 Market st., room 14.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— slooo- PARTNER in first-class saloon; re-
ceipts ' $600 month. STRAND & CO., 209
Kearny st._
$300— BRANCH bakery and notion store; near
Market St.; rent $20; daily sales $15; 4 living-
rooms; excellent fixtures; must sacrifice.
STENBERG & CO., 759 Market st.
ONE of the best-paying bakerie* In the Mis-
sion; bakes l%i barrels flour per day; receipts
from $10 to $15 per day in the store, with a
small outside route; one horse and wagon;
must be sold on account of sickness. Ad-
dress box 1912. Call.
A CANDY store; situated in the best possible
central location in San Francisco; surrounded
by great attractfens and doing a flourishing
business; this is a bargain; chance never
equaled at )4M. 11. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden
Gate aye.
$1200— RESTAURANT in business section; 6-day
house; receipts over $40 per day; guaranteed
to clear $200 per month; trial given. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, 850 Market.
WANTED — To trade first-claas barber shoo &
baths In suburban town near city for shop in
city. WALTER HAVES & CO., 838 Market.
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
Al HO'fEL and bar business, clearing $400 mo.,
for $6000. N. D. SICKELS, 6 Geary St.
$650 BUYS interest in wonderful invention and
secures good position at a salary of $2 50 per
day, besides paying at least 200 per cent
yearly profit on Investment. Call. 9 to 3, at
room 8, 1073H Market st.
WANTED— Parties to invest few hundred in
richest gold mine ever found; fortune in
sight; every dollar invested guaranteed;
shares not assessable; just about to organize.
Apply 130 Sixth st.
RESTAURANT for sale, cheap; situated
among factories where thousands of people
are passing; rent $15; fine chance for man
and wife. 564 Fourth st.
RESTAURANT, $660; receipts guaranteed $25
per day; rent $30; trial given; Investigate
this If you want a bargain. Address Box
1953, Call office.
IF you want a partner or buy established
business we have them; see us first. 927
Market St., room 208.
CAPITALIST wanted for best-paying manu-
facturing business in Philippines; monopoly.
Box 1822. Call.
SACRIFICE on account of sickness; bakery,
stationery, candies, tobaccos; opposite school
and station. 2047 Railroad aye., Alameda.
$800— PARTNER wanted in good paying manu-
facturing business; partner to handle cash.
Call 257 Fourth st.
$600— RESTAURANT with 8 newly furnished
rooms; rent $50; near Grant aye. 837 Mission.
$150 GETS half interest in good business; come
quick; no fake. 927 Market St., room 208.
FOR sale— Half interest in printing office.
For particulars write box 2091. Call.
GROCERY store and bakery. Inquire at Flfth-
st. station, Alameda.
$300— PARTNER; grocery and bar; fine corner;
first-class trade; great bargain; must seli
this week. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine
street.
BANK cashier, also an assistant cashier for
bank in a prosperous town near San Fran-
cisco; must be prepared to take some bank
stock: state past experience, etc. Box 192u,
Call office.
HONEST man with $700 wanted to Join practi-
cal butter man in opening first-class butter
and eeg market; fine location secured; very
attractive store; services required; experi-
ence unnecessary. Box 1814. Call office.
FOR SALE— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal.
FOR sale — Saloon and 8 furnished rooms half a
block from ferry. Apply 45 Sacramento st.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
11 Ea«t st., north of Market.
CHOP and oyster house for sale. 824 Pacific st.
FOR RENT— I 4 acres poultry ranch; $7 a
month. Inquire 569 Third St., San Francisco.
Fashionable ladles' bairdressing parlors and
store; fine location. Box 2354, Call, Oakland.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; 32 years In
same place. 207 Tblrd st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, with grocery, on ac-
count cf death. Inquire 1697 Folsom St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS— CLEARS $250 EVERY MONTH;
don't miss this bargain. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
45 rooms; clears $25u $5500
32 rooms; best in city 3500
6" rooms; new flat; elegant furniture 400
8 rooms; on Mission st 275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 2000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms ; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 5500
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
82 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
! 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A— A CLEAR TITLE GUARANTEED
AT RETSLOFF*S OFFICE
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms; well furnished $400
15 rooms; on Ellis; a bargain 1500
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500
3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms ; corner ; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
[ 99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500
I 40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented; good
location; clears $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
I 15 ROOMS; Just listed; clears $70; best in the
i city; $1200; payments. RETSLOFF.
! THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
860 Market *t Phon- Davis 281
36 rooms; good income $2600
17 rooms: good transient location 1500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good fum 1400
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain 650
13 rooms ; good ; new ; clean 1500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2500
21 rooms; well furn.; good Income 2600
IK rooms; good location; pays well 1500
6 room*; good furn. and carpets 500
NEW 50-room house, readinsr-room, office
ground floor, with or without restaurant and
barber shop: will be furnished to suit; any
part or whole; long lease; low rent. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc.; only. slloo
24 r. ; Geary; fine inccme 1900
IS r.; rent $55; clears $60; good location.. 800
15 r. ; rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
17 r.; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
9 r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter st 800
6 r. ; rent $35 ; modern flat ; cleg. ; reduced. 350
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market Ft.
Photograph g&Uery entrance; telephone Jessie
211. The following are a few of the many
bargains we are offering this week:
19 rooms; fine transient; only $950
27 rooms; new; good location 1400
20 rooms; sunny corner 1000
1 room*; downtown 325
30 rooms; rent $50; sunny corner 850
McBRIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house $1400
16- room house 900
12-room house , .- 600
10-room house 700
14-room boarding-house HOO
Great bargains in restaurant*, saloons,
baker>«, candy, cigar stores, etc.
FOR sale — At Sacramento, Cal., a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-Toom,
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars In-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.,i 325 J St.,
Sacramento, Cal.
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 50; 0n1y. .5300
36 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
32 rooms; Market St. ; rent $40; good house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market St.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-house*, all sizes
and rrlces. in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
30 r. ; BEAUTIFUL house; profit $130 $3150
4 r. ; rent $175; clears $200 month 2000
21 r. ; profit $70 month; bargain 1150
lor. ; profit $50; good location 1050
14 r. : rent and wate> $27 50 400
COFFMAN & SHUBERT, 1007% Market st.
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full: good
location; newly furnished. Call at 935 Market
St., room 14.
F 9 R , Ba - le —^o^'nE-house of 17 rooms; finely
furnished. 623 California *t.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901;
tonr.T\o TTOTTSKS FOR S \T.T*.— r«»i^.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to i
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, - ~ • 'j.- \
Ph<>ne Mint 1911.. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
. He can suit you In houses and prices. - ¦; '•¦;/.
A— $1100; HOUSE of 41 rooms; rent $76; place
clearing easily $175 per month. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st , ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market »t. '
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr., Su., 8 p. m., 60c. 1804 Bush;. p. Larkin 2275.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. f 3164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st'," satisfactory
readings, 60c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. HARLAND; returned; cir. Tues., Thurs.,
Frl.. Sun.; 15c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
,MRS. JENNIE ROBINSON, medium, 5098 Lar-
kin, nr. Turk; hours 11 to 4; phone Sutter 341.
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday, Thurs-
day. 25c, 8:15 p. m. ; readings dally. 299 Hyde.
KATIE HEUSSMANN removed to 1774 loth, nr.
Guerrero ; readings by mail; sittings dally.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; circle Sun., Tues.,
Fri., 7:30; Wed., ladies, 2:30; read, daily. 50c.
Elizabeth Thyes, trance mcd. ret'd., 132 6th; se-
ance Sun., Tues., Thurs., 8:15, 25c; priv. read.
ARNOLD & Dlckson tell everything 50c, $1 ; ma-
¦ terializing seance Thurs., Sun. nights. 201 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun, and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
ME." M. BERNARD, ¦•'¦'•:
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS, CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business Are you ill, depressed or
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
containing stamp answered. ' BROOKS, 1206
Market, rooms 34 and 35, cor. Golden . Gate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction ¦ guar-
anteed by mail; . send stamp for pamphlet
with . special . terms. Dally and Sunday.
DAGMA, renowned and peerless clairvoyant; if
you are In trouble, unhappy or not satisfied
consult her, she can give you correct-Informa-
tion concerning your future . and start you
on right path. 43 Van Ness. Ist floor., 10 to 9.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, . r "
i HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when ethers fail; permanently
located at "125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
ME. ARNDT.the great clairvoyant.tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c & up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
' palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M..WILLE. 326 A Ellis st. clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything;, read-
! ings. 50c, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to Bp. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist and phrenologist. 1007% Market, near 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents EOc; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, wonderful astrologlst;
tribe Alohobar. 1008% Mkt, 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard st, clairvoyant
and sDlrlt card reader; consult me.
MRS. MELVILL, weII-known clairvoyant, water
¦ reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune : teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st: tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st; tel.Capp 2542
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
- reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
. 233 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
i CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Bth st ; .tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.'. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. .
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny st., room 307/
I CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor, 6 Eddy st. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
i GEORGE W. KELLVS Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency,
j rm. 85. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Bush 194.
'DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Bpreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and ' porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. i
. Painless extraction. -!
I do first-class work only, and guarantee it.
[ EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
I and fillings; extractions, or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
' lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
• crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D. S.. manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 . Mission, BE. cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work' by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth. St.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. •
DR. R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, 50c ; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
/ DOG- HOSPITALS. "7^
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap ¦by druggists
or at the Hospital. ¦ 610 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery school-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market et/ ; -
FRENCH accordion , and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
' . . EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S "SCHOOL" OF^EL^CTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; day and night. : 24 Post St., S. F. ;
'catalogue free. , . ¦ , - : '¦¦¦. ..
AYRES' . Leading Business College, 723 Market— v
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
• complete business education; shorthand, . typ-
. ing, • bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
¦ spelling, . Spanish, etc.; experienced teacher*;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat' free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President • Jordan or any
Stanford professor. -. Phelan building. . , .
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend . the GALLAGHER-
" MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue. '":'
CALIFORNIA Business College; moat thorough
- modern ; methods; positions . for all I graduates;
new . 60-page ¦ catalogue free. ' 305 Larkin st. .
MERRILL-MILLER . College— Shorthand, v typ-
, ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg. ; . Individual instruction; catalogue.
;j y- \ EDUCATIONAL— Continued. ' ". J^
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES"."24 POST
S. - F. — Thorough * courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
. engineering; day and night; catalogue; free.
ENGINEERING— elec. mining.mech.sur-
;-.vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
- fects beginners, college graduate* & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping ¦ and the
Gregg shorthand costs only ¦ $60. San Fran-
v Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
CHINATOWN, sketching, oil and water colors
lessons. E. W. CURRIER, -, studio 36 ' Geary.
VITTORIO DINO, Italian teacher, gives les-
Bonaat pupil's home; price 50c. Box 1858, Call.
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
- Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
FIGURES— like it for rapidity; . $5.
TARR; • 220 ) Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. ¦ 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of. Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 Q'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupil* pre-
pared for the *tage. 125 Mason st. .
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
•mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, '. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleanlng; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochita, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 5046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711. .
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
- cooks, waiters and- house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel.' Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment . Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.' '
JAPANESE Intelligence | Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help/426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. 81ack 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN of education, excellent knowledge of
Spanish, fair . knowledge of French and Ger-
. man, knows typewriting and bookkeeping-, ca-
pable of taking charge ¦ . of correspondence,
wishes a situation with a business house
where ability would be appreciated. Address
box 1911. Call office. '. ¦ -. -' .
AN excellent cook and housewife, • clean, eco-
nomical and trustworthy, . being without
¦ means or lncumbrance, wishes place as work-
ing housekeeper in modest home at reasonable
wages ; no objection to children, Invalids or re-
spectable widower or country. Please address
with partloulars box 1392, Call office. ¦'. ¦
A YOUNG woman of good address and appear-
ance would like position as managing house-
keeper or would travel under pleasant condi-
! tions; no one but parties of refinement and
means need answer. Box 1907, Call office. -
A SITUATION wanted as upstairs ' girl by a
German girl; Is a good seamstress; best ref-
erences; or as nursegirl to one child; wages
$25; call Wednesday. 1134 Green St., nr. Hyde.
FIRST-CLASS French cook, understands Amer-
ican-rooking, good baker and pastry, desires
situation in private family; good city refer-
ences; $30 to $35. Box 2089. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a willing young girl to
do second work and waiting; willing to assist
at washing; wages $20. Apply B. P., 1452 San
'Bruno aye.
A NEAT young lady wants position; 2 years'
experience; assistant bookkeeper, stenogra-
pher or cashier; salary $30 per month; .refer-
; - ences. Address box 2090, Call office. •
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner, and can do most any kind of work;
good references; wages $1 per day and car
fare; good washer of flannels. 760 A Howard.
A YOUNG married ' woman would like work
by the day as house-cleaning; $1 day ¦ and
* car fare. - Call or address 1178 A Harrison.
SITUATION wanted— Good French cook; for
restaurant or family; can give good refer-
• ences. Call at 945 Mission st .. ..: '..-
A MIDDLE-AGED ' woman ; first-class Ameri-
can cook; elegant baker; clean and careful;
. wages moderate; no postals. HI Bryant st
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter and
skirt maker/sews 60c a day. M. C, box 195 L
• Call office. •. ¦ ¦ .;•:¦ ' '"
WANTED— Situation' as working housekeeper;
wages no less than $30; no objection to coun-
try or • children. 204 Van Ness aye. ¦
RELIABLE girl wishes situation to do general
• housework; no ' objection to children; wages
$20.'.316 Minna st. .
COMPETENT . woman desires situation • general
housework; city or country. Call . 857 .Ho
'¦'- ard st. - ' - " .
A COMPETENT woman who is . good cook
wishes ¦ situation in private family. 267 Minna.
2 GIRLS wish situations for general housework;
¦ just arrived from Germany. 605 Halght st •
WANT position, housework, for 1' month; $20.
603 Washington st.
COMPETENT experienced stenographer desires
position. Box 2056, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position; upstairs work.
17 Hollia st. ¦
WANTED— By a colored woman, place a* cook
in private family. Address 28 Stone st, S. F.
WOMAN wants a situation to do. light house-
work and help with children. 47 Shipley st
QUIET, refined young lady wants some kind of
.light work in afternoons; would like office
work or writing; small remuneration. Box
. 2055, Call office. . . - .; . .
FINN girl wants a good place to work. 53%
Zoe st., bet Bryant and Brannan. Third and
1 Fourth. '
YOUNG Danish woman wishes situation as
cook In a private family/- Please call at
- 37 Stanley place, bet. Harrison and Bryant.
WANTED — Situation at housecleaning or wash-
Ing; day or week. Apply upstairs at 531
¦ O'Farrell st ;, - '. • - ;.
FIRST-CLASS French dressmaker would like
to go out by the day In private families; $2
per day. - MRS/ BECKER, 308 Valencia st.
DAILY governess, English lady, desires post-
tlon. Box 1738. Call. - - ' .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
•: $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
' 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. "
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore at
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 1096
Valencia st. . ' : ¦ - ' ¦ '
EBIPLOYMENT XV ANTED— MALeT"
WANTED— Position by experienced liquor and
cigar man, either as manager of • cigar ror j
| liquor department or commercial traveler; has
' traveled on Pacific Coast; best of references.
Address box 2088, • Call office. .
A RESPECTABLE, • middle-aged man wants
some kind of light work or to take care of an
- invalid; good references. Address J. N., box
2087, Call office. ; : '
CAKE baker, good all around, want* situation
as second or third hand; large shop preferred; j
city or country. : Address A. J.," 2048 Mission. |
COACHMAN— man; . neat appearance;
thoroughly . understands business; good horse-
man; best , of : references. , > Box . 1916, . Call. ,
STENOGRAPHER (male) desires position; un-
limited experience; A No. 1 references. Box
2002,, Call of flee. \
SITUATION wanted— Good candy-maker; . all
. around hand; city or short distance in coun-
try. Call at L. LA SERE. 945 Mission St.
YOUNG man employed daytime desires to milk
cows in payment for room rent. Box 1910, Call.
A YOUNG man would like any kind of work;
¦ good references. Box 1908, Call office. . .
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation In board-
lng-house or restaurant. \ Box 2083. Call office.
AN experienced cook wishes position in Ameri-
can family; wages $30. Apply to pastor Swed-
ish M. E. Church, residence 1039 Minna St.,
bet Eleventh and Twelfth.
YOUNG man, good references,'-; speaking .- and
writing English, French, Italian and Spanish,
desires to be employed.- Call or write . to AL-
BERTVORCHIO.. 920 Montgomery st. .-
WANTED— Position in a wholesale or commis- :
. Bion. house by a man of < good habits and ref- !
: erences; not afraid of : hard work. - Box ¦ 1736, 1
Call office. ...-' ¦ • -.•.-.. ;;¦ ¦.-.- . :.-. •.<¦-:'/-¦ .¦-.¦; .'
A POSITION in wholesale grocery house by in-
- telligent ,' young man wishing .to ' learn the ¦
business; $30 per month to start; ; best refer- 1
enceß. Box ; 1830. -Call ¦ office.
AN -' experienced , bookkeeper / wishes ,'¦ employ-
ment; good penman; rapid at figures; can fur.
-. ' nish -. the ¦ best lof • references • and " bonds. ¦ ' Ad- ,
dregs box 1513. ; Call. • : .  V; .>.•'• •. ' ¦, -¦¦'•O '¦' *
JAPANESE young faithful. boy wants a posi- .
tion as schoolboy ; speaks ' good English and ',
cooks well. GEORGE, 513 Hayes st. <¦ ,¦ |
JAPANESE— young, . good ¦; experienced
boys to do general " work. Please call ' 333 ,
•Ed4ff.st' . ¦ : .-¦ ; :¦¦;.';.: ' \ -r\-J i
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants situation ' In
large building •or hotel or any kind of me-
chanical work. . Address box 2082, Call.
A COOK wants a situation; understands bak-
ing bread; country. 1301 Santa, Clara aye.,
Alameda. . - - .
PAPERHANGER and painter wants work; has
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster St.;
teL Jackson 1321. . '.
COOKS. German man and wife; man good all-
round cook, wife on pastry or waitress; hotel,
city or country. 371 Minna St., near Fifth.
AN experienced Eastern bedmaker desires sit-
uation In hotel or first-class lodging-house;
can fill night clerk's position. Box 1821, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established 'at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ " • ¦¦¦-. .
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)—
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks * and bonds; companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
¦ or address' main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES - promoted and financed, . stock
. taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial ..propositions' wanted; \. gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET. ; _
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms & finished attic; fine
. location, view & grounds. Northwest cor.
Waller and Portola sts., bet Pierce & Stelner.
A— COZY; new; gas; electric; 4 rooms; porce-
lain bath. 1421 Green St.. nr. Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat 6 sunny rooms.
bath, yard, basement; reaa. to good tenant
CHURCH, 294— Elegant new modern sunny cor.
flat; 8 rooms, bath, basement; $40.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
$25— PARLOR floor, furnished; 4 rooms; piano;
bath;garden.lsl7 Golden Gate aye., 12 to 4 p.m.
- FLATS FOR FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Furniture of «-room flat at 282 Va- \
lencia at. ..-•-¦¦ -' '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413. ' ' .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
FRAMES AND PICTURES. ¦
CLYDE "'£.'. "KELLER, 128-130 Hayes st. near
Van Ness ave.— Xmas no veil ties; oval and
odd-shaped frames. ¦ •
.¦^v^^^GLOYES. .-
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant aye.
" HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
." HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....\......
2 head waitresses, $35 and $40; 6 waitresses,
country, $20 and $25; 9 waitresses, city, $20
. and $25; 4 restaurant waitress, $25; lunch and
dinner waltres3: 2 chambermaids, $20.
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, San Rafael, $30, see lady here; house-
. girl, San Jose, very choice place. $25, see lady
here; colored housegirl, $25; ranch cook, small
family, $20, fare paid; many good reliable po-
i sitions; best wages. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Man and wife, $45, see party here;
2 cooks, no washing. $30; 4 cooks, $25; 3 par-
lor maids, $25; lady's maid, *25; 4 second girls,
$20-$25; German nurse, 2 children, $30; 2 cham-
bermaids-, -wait- onu meal, $20; laundress for
Institution. $25; -housekeeper, country, $10;
waitresses to go north, $25; general house-
work, Ross Valley, see party here, $30; house-
work,' 2 In family, city, $30; aii kinds of
housework; call early. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter Et .
Halrdresslng thoroughly taught in 3 weeks;
entire course, $5; manicuring, shampooing,
scalp treatment, singeing,' bleaching, dyeing;
electrical face massage system. Includes cup-
ping, rolling, steaming, etc.; everything fur-
nished; positions positively guaranteed; 3 good
positions now open to those entering Immedi-
ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a month with
private customers." S. F. HAIRDRESSIJNG
1 COLLEGE, 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
TAILORESS on vests: buttonhole maker pre-
ferred.- 535 California St., room. 6; steady
work; good. wages. * " , .
YOUNG girl or old lady for light housework;
good home; small wages; call forenoon. 2420
Bush st. -
TWO good solicitors can earn $60 per month
on commission; no Sunday or night work.
' Box 1910. Call office. '
WANTED— An experienced bindery girl on
blankbook sewing. Apply SAN BORN. VAIL
& CO., 741 Market st.
WANTED — woman to take care of sick
lady. Call bet. 4 and 6 o'clock at 150 Fourth
St., room 18. . . :
HAIRDRESSER, first class; also a halrworker;
good wages; permanent. Apply at the Bon-
ton, 324 Post st. . ¦ -' . . -
WOMAN for general housework and 5 plain
cooking; small family; good home. 1620
Hayes st. ...
APPRENTICE! for dressmaker; paid; also good
seamstress. 135 Geary, st., room 129.
WAITRESS— SIS Valencia st.
WANTED— A competent girl to do . general
housework. Inquire at 717 Scott st.
A GIRL to assist in light housework. Call
after 9, 1246 Pacific st -
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st. . .
WANTED— for general housework. Apply
' 863 Hayes st. .
GIRL to assist in general housework; plain
washing. 1920 Sutter st. \
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1516
Devisadero st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; arm work; also
8 girls to learn. Apply 725 Market st. ,
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general work in
country hotel; $20. 1300 Turk st.
YOUNG girl for housework and cooking; small
family; wages $20. 2065 Bush st.
YOUNG girl for light i housework in Vallejo;
- wages $15. Inquire 1121% Folsom . st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clooic this evening. , -
— Experienced . alteration hands for
. suits, waists and skirts. Call store/107 Post.
WANTED— GirI; general housework. 3599 Sev-
enteenth st. • -' ' - • •
LADY for steam bath business; no experience
required. Address box 1918. Call. -
GIRL for general housework in Oakland; two
in family: wages $25. Box 1909, Call office.
WANTED— An experienced waitress in restau-
rant. Turk st. ••-'¦-, .-.. - ',,.;
WANTED — An experienced apprentice girl on
custom coats; steady work. 559 A Minna st.
SMALL girl to do chores in exchange for good
home and go to school. | Box 1952, Call office.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; fam-
ly of 3; $20. Apply 10 to 4, 2822 Clay ¦st
NURSEGIRL; good home. Call between 9 and
10, 1341. Stevenson: st, near Ridley. _-.. -
WANTED— woman for light housework;
' plain cooking; wages $15. ¦ 716 Franklin st.
GIRL, light housework; flat 4 rooms; under-
stands plain cooking; wages $12. 519 Jones st.
EXPERIENCED > operators on ' fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
~ and ' Grove sts. .. . .. -
GIRLS, learn halrdresslng and all pertaining
to the art; 3 weeks' course, $5; thorough In-
structions by graduate of Prof. Paul Lascotte
i: of "N. V. ; " day ¦: and eve. - classes ; visit our
school before going elsewhere. ", 727 Bush st.
WANTED— 2S ladles for concert hall In South-
. em California. For particulars call at 906
Market st. - room 17, second floor; : hours, 2
¦to 4:30 p. m. " ' v. ' • >¦-
WELL-VERSED, good-appearing woman as
• commercial traveler;, permanent position
. Box ¦ 2007, Call of flee. ..-.
SALESLADY wanted, fancy ! goods store. ". 1400
Stockton st. . . . ;¦• . .
30 WOMEN for. dancing "at 233 Powell. Call
from 10 a. m. till 5 p. m. ' :
EXPERIENCED operator on hemstitching ma-
;: chine. ; 220 Sutter, ¦ room 25. >
WANTED— GirI ! for general i housework; - 2 ' in
' family; wages ¦ $15. • 2631 Bush.' " '
i YOUNG girl . to ' assist in housework. 3190 Six-
teenth St., near Guerrero. 1 V •¦  •
GOOD finisher on custom - vests. 622 Clay,
room 16 A." »"-? •<.•,-. .-.¦¦ ' .
: OPERATORS on custom shirts. *48 Ellis ' st * "
,' A YOUNG girl for general housework; small
[..family/. 2509% > Bush st. ' .. ' .
HELP WANTED — FEMALE Con.
A NEAT girl for light downstairs work; must
be good cook; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell at
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework in
small family. 898 Fourteenth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE Con.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
634-636 Clay street
Bench hand, planing mill, fare $150 — $3 day
3 men to work on scow, mine Co $60
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 day
OH man harnesamaker, country.. s26 and fd
5 machine men, country planing mi 11. .53 day
Machine blacksmith, city; slack cooper
6 carpenters for sawmill Co $50 and found
Baker's helper on cakes, city $30 and found
15 4-horse teamsters, country $2 25 day
6 muckers, quartz mine J73
7 laborers, near city 52 day
20 laborers, city and country 12 to $2 25
10 drillers. $75 New work
10 laborers, $67 50 w w °rk
15 teamsters, long job, $2 25 New work
4 stablemen, buggy washers and hostler; Ital-
ian vegetable gardener, country; 7 plow team-
sters. $30: 18 farm hands: 5 milkers; 2 butter-
makers; 27 choremen and choreboys
Bootblack and do some porter work
Cook, mining town, north, fare paid...s4B & fd
5 cooks for other jobs; cook and dishwasher,
same place; 2 waiters, same place; 14 other
waiters
25 kitchen hands and dishwashers
Waiter. SOc fare, hotel $30 and found
Cake baker, small country shop.. s3s and found
Baker's helper, country $25 and found
2 butchers ? 5 *
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
BUTLER, $40 and found; 2 waiters for city
hotel $25 and $30; waiter, country hotel. $23
to $30; restaurant waiters. $40; second cook.
$35: dishwashers; elevator boy, $5 a week, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
METALLURGIST to take charge of smelter.
$300; farmer and wife, $50, see employer here
to-day; head laundryman, $55 a month; cab-
inet-maker, $3 a day; 2 machinists, $3 a day;
carpenter for mill company, $50 and board;
6 laborers about mill, $50 and $60; choreman,
$10 and found; milker. $30 and found; driver
for milk wagon, $30 and found; boy for store.
$15; 10 woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord; teamster
for city, $35 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S ...610 Clay st
Cook and wife, country hotel, $45; German
harness-maker for ranch, $35; gigger for
woolen mill, $9 a week; 2 six-horse ranch
teamsters. $26: machine lathe hands, city;
driver for milk wagon, $30; basalt block
makers, piece or day work; scraper teamsters,
Fresno scrapers, $2 25 a day; pick and shovel
laborers for ditch, $2 25 a day; baker, shop,
city, $40 to $45 and board.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton «t
Second cook, restaurant, $70; waiter, $30;
dishwasher, $27 50; foreman for ranch, best
California references required, $75; second
butler, $30.
CIVIL Service Government positions — 9889 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year; only common school education re-
quired for examination: catalogue of informa-
tion free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop In coun-
try; must be first-class shiner; $11 per week
or all he makes. Call at 221 Sacramento St.,
saloon.
"WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $125 for
a plain every day business; will pay $60 to $85
a month; experience not required; place per-
manent. Apply at 765 Market st. room 3.
A YOUNG man wanted who has had experience
in hats. Apply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 713
Market st
BOY wanted to do kitchen work; 18 to 20 years.
Enterprise Lunch Kitchen, City Hall Market,
1 City Hall aye.
BARBER wanted; wages $10 and board; bring
references. Call at 54 Morris aye. Thursday
after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Good coat maker for Martines. Ap-
ply M. J. O' MALLET, merchant tailor, Mar-
tinez.
WANTED— First-class furniture finishers. S
Ninth st.
WANTED— Feeder on platen press; steady Job;
good wages. 199 California st.
A LUNCH waiter wanted. 584 Fourth st
WANTED— Bushelman. 564 Geary st
GOOD barber wanted; steady work; bring
tools. 479 Ninth st
COATMAKER wanted; steady work. 3056
Twenty-fourth st.
WAITER wanted at 657 Clay gt
4 BOYS to distribute circulars. K. S. C. Medi-
cal Co., 1236 Market St., rooms 121-122.
"WANTED— First-class cook at 207 Third *t.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply to Oak Shaving
Parlor. 11l Ellis st.
OFFICE boy. 124 Elll* st
OFFICE and errand boy wanted; must bring
references 152 New Montgomery st.
WANTED— Iron workers accustomed to fitting
and erecting stairs. 505 Mission st
SCHOOLBOY, 12 to 14, to work in news stand
Occidental HoteL
WANTED— Boys to learn trade. Apply 141
Fremont st. i
GOOD apprentice boy to learn plumbing. Call
9 a. m.. 1606 Pacific aye.. cor. Polk st.
A YOUNG man to help along in bakery. 911 i*
Larkin at
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st.. room 14, San Fran-
ciscw; Cal.
WANTED— Elderly German to work around
small country hotel, milk one cow and take
care of one horse. Address box 2081, Call.
WANTED— A boy about 16 years old to learn
a trade. Apply superintendent of THOMAS
DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
— — 1 ,
WANTED— Experienced solicitor; salary after
first month; references; permanent P. S C.
box 20-57. Call office.
WANTED— Man, some experience, to drive
route, care of horses, assist in butcher shop
Apply WARREN, Foxhall Market.
WANTED — Canvassers on salary and com. ; city
and country. Manhat. Food Co., 1253 Folsom.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REI33
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBER evenings, Saturday and Sunday. 1303
Castro st
BARBERS, attention— Good shop for sale
cheap. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
GOOD barber for every afternoon, Saturday and
Sunday. 872VJ Howard st.
WANTED— A steady, reliable young man with
some cash; no experience requfred; $15 week;
steady place. 1221 Market, room 1, upstairs.
WANTED— Boy to set type. Address box 1399
Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
AN Al solicitor wanted for city and vicinity;
must give good references; profitable and per-
manent work. Jor good man. 310 Safe Deposit
building.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required ; tools donated : positions guaranteed ¦
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COIJ
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 'large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply at Hale Bros."
WANTED— Boys from 16 to 20 to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEB \.UM
WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to SOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d s'ts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
.SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at IOJi
Valencia st
~ HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction »£
Wednesday. November 20, at 11 a. m., at Tie
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons: excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: $60 to $l? 0
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1733 Market
ONE second-hand undertaker" wagon, one I-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO., 48 Eighth st
FOR sale cheap — Team; well matched, suitable
for delivery wagon; weighing 1050 each. TWO-
MEY, 820 Folsom st.
FOR Sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
1375 Eddy st., a fine lot of carriage, road ana
business horses.
FOR Sale— Horse and delivery wagon In good
condition. 1915 Mission st. j
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard at.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZISL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— New panel tody delivery. 1 laundry, i
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S2S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart*, harness, "
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. VMBSEN St CO.. 14 Montgomery.
_^ LOST AND FOUND. \f^
LOST— Bet. ferry and Palace Hotel, a lady*
gold watch with charm and Masonic charm
attached, engraved inside case "Harry to Mat-
tie." Finder receive reward if returned to of-
flce of Chief of Police. Hall of Justice.
LOST — A diamond fleur-de-lis coming from
opera. Liberal reward If returned to MRS.
L. KAUFFMAN. 2406 Washington st
LOST— Red greyhound. Firm Friend, 24th and
1 Guerrero sts.. Sun. night. Return to JOHN
H. HALTON. 1732 Market. & receive reward.
$15 REWARD for return to room Ml, Crocker
building (10th floor) of lady's gold watch and
pin; lost Monday; monogram on watch H.C.R.
LOST— Nov. ISth, one tall white poodle; black
spot on one ear; one pug dog; reward. H.
MOORE, 1 Grant aye.
LOST— In Mission. Monday evening, ladles' gold
watch and chain. Return 30 Liberty st. and
receive reward.
LOST— Black greyhound, feet and tall tipped
with white; liberal reward. Return to Beach
Tavern, Ocean boulevard.
LOST — emerald set pin. Return to owner.
713 Shrader st. ; reward.
LOST— pass-book with the Hibernia Saving*.
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in th»
name of ELLEN BRANNAN No. 233-553. Th«
finder will please return to bank.
LADIES' brooch, pearls and diamonds, at
Golden Gate Park or on McAllister-at. car.
Reward 594 McAllister at
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make n«w watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL. "^
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1537; reliable and
confidential; list. lCc. Mrs. Hertz. 70« Ellis at.
>y.T: MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the specialist ' My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; fres>
confidential advice on all subjects 01 a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. CCH
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin: has had 23 years' expe-
rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence, 608
Guerrero, Sr. ISth; takes ladies before & dur-
ing confinement with best of motherly care;
$15; room & board. $4: Infants adopted; every
ease guaranteed to be restored to best oX
health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement
410 OTarrell st. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; bom*
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during?
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located atV.
- 1223 Market; maternity home provided; office T
hours 10 a. m. to 4p. m. and 6to 8:30 p. m. :
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists;'
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice in
S. F. ; maternity home: fee low. 908 Market.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
mixes amp mn IG.
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANT~*
OF "WASHINGTON
PAYS THE FIRST DIVIDEND.
V* DECLARES A SECOND DIVIDEND
The great copper and coal mines of th»
Montezuma Mining Company in Pierce Coun-
ty, Washington, are being opened up by a
force of 150 men. and every day adds to their
value. Properties worth $2,000,0C0 to-day.
There is every reason to believe dividends will
be paid regularly as the product of the vast
coal mines Is increased. A letter states that
25 coke ovens have been bought, and that
a second lot will be ordered before January 1.
Montezuma shares lead in holdings and de-
mand those of any other mining company on
the market. They are steadily advancing la
price. Wouldn't it be well to make your in-
vestment while these shares are within your
reach?
PRICES AND TERMS.
» 27 cents cash, 30 cents paid In installment*.
60 shares cash. $13 50.
100 shares cash, $27.
1000 shares cash, $270. . /
250 shares in monthly installments, $8 doinW
and $5 monthly for 14 months. \
500 shares in monthly installments, $10 down
and $7 monthly for 20 months.
1000 shares in monthly Installments, $20
down and $14 monthly for 20 months.
Write for full Information.
. THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
328 Montgomery at, San Francisco.
FOR sale— Montezuma' s dividend stock; limited
number; 2Co per share. Box 1917. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand~machinery M<£
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NDONAN, 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc. ; also wood-working tools, such aa
hand saws, wood planers, shapers stickers,
mortisers. saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE. 229
Fremont St.
DYNAMO. 150 light Westinghouse. with fix-
tures complete: also 15-H.P. Westinghouse
high-speed engine; would take one or two
small motors in exchange. GLADDING. Mc-
BEAN & CO.. 1358 Market st. S. F.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Prpu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress ' pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4C7 Montgomery st T
A— 2s H. P. DISTILLATE engine: never us«^
very fine machine. Box 2016. Call office.
A LARGE screw cutting lathe; 13-inch swing,
4 feet bet. the centers; cheap. 1117 Folsom st.
HOISTING engines and boilers for sale, rent
or exchanged. H. S. WHITE. SIS Mission at
FOR sale— Arctic curios: collectors only; very
rare. ¦ O'NEILL. 500 Bush st
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and bcll-
ers bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
WE buy and sell nothing but second-hand car-
pets. D. GREEN WALT & CO.. 708 Valencia.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
. complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Felfehtand. 126 Kearny St., rm. 29..
BOATS, launches, rowboatsi carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦ ..,-
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. vH. F. ALLEN. 202 California st
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAX. 511 Mission st *
SAFES— New and second hand. THE~hSEi
, MAN SAFE CO.. 417-123 Sacramento St. •
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machine*"
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. '*'
FAIRBANKS" 10"-ton hay scales; teweter's steel.
, lined safe, perfect order. 215 California at.V MISCELiL.AyEOrs WANTS.
WILL' pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call office.
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing, Jewelry;
ser.S postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye.
"WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Sth st. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
- TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKK BROS.. 411 tc 415 Powell St.;
te:. Bush <a.
MO KEY TO LOAN.
->IAN MURPK^^6C3~EVami^?r~bu7Tding'
$4,&00.000 at lowest rates
Loans made
On first and second mortgages
Life ir.t«*rests in estates
Undivided Interests iv real estate......
Property being held in trust
Life policies. Estates in probate
1: you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
J3CK.\OOO at 6 per cent^n eurr.s to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
*;n unsettled estates, undivided interests In
xtal Elate and legacies. We will purchase
tny of above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MAX-
MATTAS LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOCXT AT 6 PER CENT. "
First, second and third mortgages
r Undivided Interest in real estate in probate ..
Mortgages and legacies bought; in delay....
Mortgages and leg.ic.ct bought, no delay
T Get vr.y terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery et,. room 3
THE Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton St..
rhene Bush -¦ I has a new Idea in money
lending; phone ua cr -end word and we will
call; money lent or. diamonds, watches, seal-
f-kins, etc.. also pianos and furniture, with-
out removal at low rates, or call on us; con-
fidential.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
baie. interest la estates, legacies, undivided
interests, eecurities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Boons 16.
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY amount, lowest rates en mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
intgs., etc.; enterprises of merit also sought-
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Keary f=t.. room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1565;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jcv.-elry. pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant aye.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84« Market'
ct. ; -:. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 10S Grant aye., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ;any amount low-
est rates: private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery 6t
SJOB.OCO AT 6 per cent in 6ums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
' ON real estate, Ist or -nd mortgages, on furni-
¦~ :ure or pianos without removal; any amount;
¦f lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser cr on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals,
lowest ••-£: quick.; by private party. £50
Market ft., room 10.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
S<£ on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private.- Room £1, 6 Eddy et.
CVi^ ON real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; "no removal; no
commis.; confidential. Wnitehead, 1710 Market.
OX furniture, piancs; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
fir-CO; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Disccunt Agency, 143 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dls-
counts. S2l Parrott building.
LOANS rncrey en salary; no indorser; Eastern
n!an. WMm Loan Cn.. SOS Phelan blds-
MISICAL IXSTRCMEKTS.
AGAIN we remind you tfcat our piano stock,
bcth new and second hand. Is the largest
v-m cf Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
told upon easy payments i.l $6 per month;
t-cme rood pianos for 13. $4 and (5 per menth.
P.MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
crrer Kearny and Sutter ets... San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.,
Oakland.
ASK us to give ycu a p^no. if you want to, and
we wi'l ccme very near doing it; we are sell-
ing so low •hat it is almost like giving pianos
away; come and let us talk piano to you and
you'll not te sorry; we are agents for Decker
&¦ Son. Wissner .and Baumeister. all good and
cheap at the price. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS
_ MU^IC CO.. 76S Market St. .
ALL highest idea sold by the Heine Piano
0... sole acents most famous and oldest
American makes; easy payments; big allow- ;
ance for second-hand pianos; rents $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. $25 up: Stein ways $185;
Chickerings, $125; 60 others; agents wanted.
Til Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN hunters—
6eccnd-har.d upright pianos from 455 up.
Peccnd-hand tquare pianos from $3) up.
Eeecnd-hand gang from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piar.o told by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lcwed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; cost! you cr.'.y lie a day to buy a
pi«r:o from ue. KOHLER & CHASE. M
O'Farrell st. ; established 1850.
"* WHOLESALE and retail piano dealers.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
933 Market (after Jan. 1. &21-933 Market).
A SMALL Weber upripht. $125: elegant walnut
<ase Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
c*k case: Hardman square. $45; organs $"»
up. LOWERS & EON. 23 Fifth ft.. IVERS
fc ND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
PRIVATE party ecarifices account departure
handfcome new uprisht piano; guaranteed.
2IS Leavenworth «t
A LOT of unredeemed pianos will be sold for
storage this week; dirt cheap. WILSON'S
Storage, 1710 Market ft.
$51.'— SCKLEIP BOrlcht. excellent condition,
$7.'.; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A LARGE Regina with 14 sheet* of music.
117 Foltom. St.
j:?<— nRTZ piano; good for practice: SchaCer
upright, nearly new. $89. 217 Geary st
SUPERIOR violins, -her*, old and new. H.
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
fcCHMKR. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
mann pianos. 20$ Post st.
COOD 6*.cond-hand upright for* sale cheap.
ECHMITZ. 1£ McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE*S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
S.hcningcr. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT -CURT A Z Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
TO rent— Clear store cr barber shop; splendid
location. 1V.3 Howard Et.
3'ACIFIC, 22S— Handsome, large store cheap;
1 fclso £04 Sansome; rent only $10.
OIL. ~~
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
rlTi**: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st- ,
rAI \TERSjISD DECORATORS. ~
KOOM papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 219 3d.; •¦ : Red 2521.
PALMISTRY.
H JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 51S
Taylcr tt.. bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 6CI.
NEERGAAP.D. president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to S. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2935.
I'ATL.Mti AXD MBMWM.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner I
PERSONAL!-.
ARRIVED— The greatest living authority on
feminine beauty. Dr. N. de Savoy sky o" Paris.
dertna-tologist to the Empress of Austria, has
consented to meet the ladies at La Verite
parlors during his stay In the city; be teaches I
how to preserve or acquire health, youth and j
beauty; his treatment of deep wrinkles sur- (
passes anything done in this country; moles, '
all ekin blemishes and superfluous hair perma- |
nently loved without pain or scan by mod.
em European methods; consultation free, i
.*oB p. m. La Verite Parlors, 1140 Market St.,
9 : ale's.
AN lint line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these Fuits we make an extra
ti.r of pants free of charge: other suits on in-
itallments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket »t., between fccventn and Eighth.
PERSONALS— Continued. ¦
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, carios and an-
tiques Wuirfct. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
ft. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from *1 upward.
TO doctors and others— A lady and gentleman,
with some training in nursing and health
matters, are prepared to undertake the man-
agement of a sanitarium or other institution
on very favorable terms. Box 2358, Call, Oakld.
HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without «car, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist 3548
Eighteenth et.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
POSITIVE cure— Save your friend; Mooser Co.
Gold Cure for Drunkenness; we have testi-
monials; direction to give secretly; price »5.
Address 1125 Geary tt., S. F.
"BUSINESS Men Legal Bureau, consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611, Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3601.
MRS. ERIGGS. dermatologist— hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or 6cars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 317 L
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
%i £0 per bottle. For circulars, Pinu» Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia st. S. F. ; tel. Church 1671.
• ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market; 700, rooms;
toe to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
I €nd The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying: latest
Continental method*; electric roleau; supertlu-
cui^ia'.r removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
K:a-cra. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
FOR adoption: a fine male infant; fair; of good
parents. Apply MRS. DR. GOODWIN, 906
Market Bt - - ¦
A BLUE-EYED boy and a black-eyed girl in-
fant for adoption. MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416
Eighth «t., Alameda. - 4
ARTISTIC hairdresslng ZSc; manicuring 25c:
! shampooing EOc: hair dyeing, wigs, switches
¦ and front pieces.. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
I AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats.'
ellk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth Bt.
j ADELINA PATH'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- 60c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; ccme and see us. Bon-Ton. 824 Post..
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1319-1312 Stockton st.. near Lroadway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market ft. opp. McAllister st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is faling or you ace bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Mcore. S3S O'Farrell; send for circular.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia at. bet. 18th and 19th.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & C 0..733. .733 Markt.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 954 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1391.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 2Sc; all druggists.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
win do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2356.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair tr. its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. Markt,
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS A CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE FUits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, diver, diamonds and precious stones
bcught J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at orflce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO, herD doctor; sanitarium,
¦ 764-766 Clay at; see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG AXD TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. i
15500— elegant new modern residence of
10 rooms, bath and finished basement;
sanitary plumbing; tiled mantels and
sinks; cement sidewalk; street bitumin-
lzed; large yard. etc. ; in the best portion
of Ashbury Heights; lot 25x137:6 feet.
| FOLSOM-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
j $5500 — Store and three flats on the north side of
Folsom st, bet. Seventh and Eighth; well
built and in good condition; always rent-
ed; pays, $664 per annum: the large lot,
2S»100 feet, is easily worth the asking
price; investigate this, as it Is well worth
your time.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$5150 — substantial well-built flats; 5 and 6
rooms and bath and two flats of 4 rooms
each on rear street; rents $00 per month;
cement sidewalk- street bituminized; lot
26:6x112:6 feet; Flllmore-st. cars within
a few feet.
MORRIS-AVENUE FLATS.
$5000 — Four fine flats, 4 and 5 rooms each; in
the best renting portion 01 this district;
pays $552. per annum; will subdivide; lot
40x75 feet.
1 POINT LOBOS AYE. IMPROVED PROPERTY
$4DCo— good flats of 5 rooms and bath each
and a two-story house of 6 rooms and
bath on north side of street; cable cars
pass the door; lot 51x81:3 feet: mortgage
of $3000 can remain at 6 per cent.
INVESTMENTS.
$5200— Shipley st., near Fourth; rents $672 per
annum; lot 41:2x69 feet
$1300— Morris aye.. near Harrison st.; rents $792
per annum; lot 50x80 feet.
Langton Ft., near Howard; rents $468
per annum.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market at.
TWO flats, 6 rooms and bath room in each,
with lots of closets, built only 5 years ago;
W. Moser was the architect: rents for $20
each flat: choice location: price only $4000; lot
31x102 ft.; the marine view is something beau-
; tiful and of course that makes the' property
j very desirable; the house cost $5500; this is
I an opportunity to get a good renting property
for less than Its value, as it is a forced sale;
within M feet of these flats a lot has Just
been sold for $300 per front foot. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California St.
WANTED— To purchase a desirable residence,
with modern improvements; must have 4 bed-
rooms; to cost under $8000"; possession to be
given before January I; location, "Western
Addition ; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN,
£30 California st.
WANTED— To purchase lots this side of Twen-
. ty-sixth st.. between Church and Mission If
offered cheap. W. J. GUNN. 520 California,
A CORNER lot wanted, either on Vallejo, i
Green. Union, Filbert, Greenwich or Lom-
bard, from Van Ness aye. to the Presidio
reservation; large or small lot. W. }. GUNN,
530 California at.
A LARGE sized lot In the Mission or a 50-
vara lot in the Western Addition, suitable for
building houees on. wanted to purchase. W.
J. GUNN, 130 California st. '
IF you have any lots to sell on the streets run-
ning from Vallejo north to Lombard, or on
the cross streets, between Van Ness aye ' and
Baker, on the west, then call on W. J.
GUNN, £30 California St. */.*¦?
$44*0— A GREAT bargain; 23 lots In heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY,
¦ 395-SB6 Parrott building.
$27.500-$230 MONTHLY Income; Al 3-story
Sixth st. business block; lot 75x90. N. D
SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola ats.. bet. Pierce and Stelner.
BUSH, 1225— Nice large residence; could be
turned into fiats; very sunny; 30x137:6; call
and see.
BARGAIN— $2100: terms; house, 9 rooms- lots
j to suit. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento st.
j REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, aa
San Francisco is growing rapidly; • location
best for poultry and general {arming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California at. for pam-
phlets and Information.
i A RARE chance for home-seekers; land for
your labor: fine fruit, table and wine grape
land: lor particulars call on C. QUIGGLE, at
the Whittaker & Ray Co., 723 Market st . 9
to 12 a. m. Address WHITTAKER & RAY
CO.. Gait, Cal. ¦ . .
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acre?; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. Call office. '
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
* free list. C. R. WINFIELIJ. Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
heal ESTATE— CITY— FOR : SALS.
G. H. UMBSEN &• CO., - . *"
¦'- . •% 14 montgomery ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
_ • ¦ .... AUCTION. , .
To be held at our salesroom MONDAY, No-
vember 25, 1901, at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.. *
The following two properties :to be offered
by order of Gustave H. Umbsen, Sole Referee.
Subject to confirmation by the court.
¦ ¦ -¦ No. 1. -
32 to 34% Moss st., bet. 6th and « 7th and
Howard and Folsom; substantial Improve-
ments consist of 6 tenements of 3 and 6 rooms
each. Rents $75 per month. Lot 48x80. ,
No. 2.
4373 24th St., southeast corner Hoffman aye.
Cottage of 5 rooms with stable. Lot 65x100.
ALSO
Two building lots adjoining, 30x100 each. .
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
118 and 1118% Fell st., north line, near Scott
fit. ; two well-built bay-window flats of 6 and 9
rooms and bath each. Rents $50 per month;
brick foundation, etc. Ban* mortgage of $2600
can remain. Lot 25x137:6. • .
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
. 1902 Green st, north line, near Lacuna st ;
a well-built 2-story bay-window residence of
8 rooms and bath; rent $30 per month; brick
foundation, etc.; cash above mortgage of $2500.
Lot 26:9x100. ' • .->.¦:
CHOICE HOWARD-STREET CORNER.
2401-2408 Howard St. and 3377-5379 20th St.,
southeast corner Howard and 50th; splendid
Improvements consist of store with' concrete
basement and 4 flats 6f 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms,
bath each; the owner spared no expense, in the
construction of these improvements; rents $103
per month. Lot 35x122:6 '
TRUSTEE SALE. • '
The five following properties belonging to
the trust created by the late Charles Hubert
by order of R. Behlow, trustee -
- No. 1. • _
Eureka st., east line, about 100 feet south of
17th st. Building lot 37x125. '
' No. 2. . ¦>
Southwest corner Noe and Alvarado sts.,
be*.. 22d and 23d; corner lot 26:6x105, and 3 In-
side lots 25x114 each.
' » . No. 2. • •
Northwest corner Douglass and Valley sts.
j Lot £0:10x114.
No. 4.
Anderson st., west line, bet. Eugenia and
Powhattan. Lot 237; gift map No. 1.
„ ' ¦ No. 5. . ¦
Folger aye., north line, near Bay st ¦ Lots
I 80 and 81, Villa Homestead Association. Berke-
] ley Township. Alameda County.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The following three properties must be sold
|by order of the administrator, to dose the
I estates of P. O'Connor and Thomas Lyon.
I Subject to confirmation by the court.
No. 1.
Lots 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. 18; 19 and 20, in block
46. City Land Acsociation.
No. 2. ¦ ' \¦¦ : ' .
Lot 9, in block 13, College Homestead Asso-
ciation. ¦ •
. ¦ . . No. 3. .
Southeast corner Sanchez and 19th sts. L«t
j 57x10G.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
_^ 14 Montgomery street.
I MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT. " T
$14,000. ' .
i 35 ft. front, bet. 6th and 7th and opposite
: new Pcstofnce building; present Improvements
I two 2-story frame houses, rents $61 50; Mission
j St.. from 4th to 9th. is fast becoming a busi-
; ness street. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. Real
| Estate Agents, 5 "Montgomery •st ' J
j $2350— Large cor. lot. 37:6x100; Filbert st. ; street
; accepted; no more st. exp. 14 McAllister, 16.
j $16,000— BUSINESS property: stores and fiats : 30
j rooms; cheap. Owner, box - 1761. Call office.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
; United States or Canada one year for Jl-
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
J FOR exchange— l6-room building, with two
i stores, bakehouse, oven, four cottages etc ;
| corner lot 140x200: In Southern California; to
, exchange for clear S. F. lots or may assume
] mortgage on S. F. Improved property. R J.
MONTGOMERY, owner, 11 Montgomery st.,
* S. F. . .
j 8-ROOM house and lot; exchange for lodging-
house. 725 Utah st.
' """"" ——————
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS-
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3500— Only one-half cash, balance on~time, for
a 7-room modern home; cement walks at-
tractive lawn, etc.; extra choice location"; be-
tween Telegraph aye. and Grove st. ; will
lease for C months, at $30 per month. R J
MONTGOMERY. 467 Ninth St., Oakland, or
1 Montgomery st., S. F.
BARGAINS: Improved 4 unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; -j cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. '
$3750— NEW building in the Hlllegass tract; a
thoroughly up-to-date house of 7 rooms large
lot: street work all done; connected with gas
I and electric lights; only 300 feet from Tele-
' graph-aye. car line.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
' Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
j $2250— HERE'S a bargain; 2-story house of 6
rooms; large lot; street work all done; only
1 block from station; a great bargain
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
j NEAR Dwight way station; east of
; track; house of 6 rooms; large lot; on the
sunny side of street; a snap. • .
JOSEPH J. MASON,
! Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
; CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
; Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND JREAL ESTATE.
; J2500-TEN-ROOM cottage, 2 baths, conserva^
tory; in one of the choicest locations in Oak-
land; 7 minutes' walk of local train; street
work complete; open lawn, shade trees; near
High school and churches; lot 37:6x125; this is
| a bargain and must be seen to be appre-
I ciated; lot alone worth $1500; house insured
j lor ?ISCO. • ¦ .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
I 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
! A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME.
Offered because he has gone East
$20,000— House 8 rooms and 1 baths- built
. 1900; every modern convenience; ideal in
; every respect; must be seen to be appreciated-
lot 75x175; prominent corner; 1001 Grand st '
N.E. corner San Jose aye., In Alameda, near
local train to S. F.; electric cars pass prop-
erty; key at office.
¦ • S. M. DODGE A SON,
' 1160 Broadway, Oakland.
A PICK-UP. * "¦ '¦
SEE IT TO-DAY. '
$7250— Sacrifice; near Senator Perkins"; ele-
gant home. 9 rooms; n#w carpets, cost $800, 4
months used; everything In superb order; big
lot; barn; mortgage $5000; best immediate offer
secures what has cost $10,000 -
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
f . 460 and 462 Eighth st. Oakland.
1 HOUSES of every description and price for
I . sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
¦ 1113 Broadway; telephone Main 10. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call
}(> pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAl£
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
. furniture dealer, lltli and Franklin. Oakland.
Jj ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— JAMES, McAllister and Laguna^-Sunny
corner suite, all complete for housekeeping;
near school and park; a quiet and pleasant
home; rent reasonable; other sunny suites.
DEVISADERO, 307—2 clean sunny rooms- light
housekeeping; reasonable; private family.
EIGHTH, 348, near Market-Large flunny
-alcove room, with or without kitchen; bath.
ELLIS. 330—2 small furnished housekeeping
rooms in rear; rent $10. ' ...
FIFTH, Furnished housekeeping: 3 $12 • 3
connecting. $14; 3 connecting, $20; 1, $5. '
HOWARD. 2381— Two welT-furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; $10; adults.
HYDE, 821— Front parlor and 2 large rooms-
light housekeeping; unfurnished. '
LEAVENWORTH. 411-Dec. 1, nicely furnished
3- room parlor floor; housekpg.; sunny; others.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Furnished . house-
keeping complete: also sunny front double-
excellent for 2 persons. '
MISSION, 14278-Housekeeping rooms with
bath; hot and cold water.
OAK. 119—2 sunny rooms; sink, range, bath-
furnished for housekeeping; $12. ...-¦'
OAK, 125— Two nicely furnished housekeeping
.rooms; adults only; $6. ¦¦¦ *. • .*
TURK. 613— furnished ! rooms for house-
keeping, $:?. ¦ . ¦ ¦ r
VALENCIA. 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nlfhed for housekeeping; gaa, bath, < tubs; $11-
¦„ near depot.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore s*
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptions has been > established at 1094
Valencia st
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and tnfurn.
ARGYLiTHoteI, 234 McAliltter— New, elegant
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
- ward; special rates by week or month;- take
McAllister-st. cars from ferry to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all ' night •;
A SUNNY saite and singles, neat and clean;
¦ hath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st. .
BURNETT. .1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites.', single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, I corner Mason— Elegantly
- furnished - sunny rooms; - prices- • reasonable.
ELLIS, 310— Elegant new furnished sunny
front parlor; rent reasonable. '.-'•: ,
ELLIS, 771— Double parlors; also single rooms;
, clean and homelike. . ..: ¦
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; ' single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated. .
GEARY, 1012. near Van Ness aye.— l nicely
furnished room, with use of telephone. , , *
GEARY. 1017, near Van Ness aye.— A sunny
furnished room; suitable for gentleman.
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis st.-Sunny out-
side rooms'; single, $2; suites, $3 50 per week;
newly, renovated; elevator; baths. - .¦•
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— location; new build-
ing;, elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by.tha
• week or month ;• best in the city; references; '
take Market-st cable, cars to Turk st.
¦JESSIE, 434— Sunny furnished rooms;. $5 to $10
| per month. ¦ ' : '-.... •
' LARKIN. 804— Sunny single rooms, $4 25; suit-
able for gents; large back room; gas and
' grate ; $8 50. . ' . ¦ .
MINNA, 667, corner Sth— Newly furnished bay-
' window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— fur-
. nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 3Sc a day up. "
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
¦ offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, 1 ' mo.
O'FARRELL. 332— Handsomely furnished sunny
• parlor floor; references. -• . .
O'FARRELL, 552— Sunny room for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen; running water; $15; references.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50: week, $2 to
$S; months, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, •28 Eichth St.'
near Market— Furnished . or unfurnished.
BUTTER, 320>4 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient
CLASSIFIED advertisements and. subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '•'."< . t '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A LARGE sunny room with open fireplace; two
young men; with breakfast; refined private
family; terms. $25 per month for two; Western
. Addition home. Box 1919, Call. ¦ ,
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny suites; best
table board. . .' ¦
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutler-Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table.
CALIFORNIA, SO" (Stevenson mansion)— Select
¦ family hotel : exceptional table; attractive rm».
HOTEL Repelier. "SI Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— 2 or 3
rooms, bath: board optional: single rooms.
* RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
! RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 12C6 Market st.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. "
BAD tenants .ejected for $4; collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
¦ CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5554.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
! Call. 16 rages, sent to any address in the
United States cr Cm-ada one year for $1.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
i ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
! ALL kinds bought, sod. rented, exchange; re-
. pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
- STORAGE AMD WAREHOUSES. "*
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage anuTMovlng^CoTr
office Post and Powell "eta.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
" sion st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at.;
j tel. Main 1840: -"hipping at cut rates. .-'
TYPEWRITERS' AND SUPPLIES. 59
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We .
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266. v
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :egtlmate free. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS. • ¦'[['
PROPOSALS for ; Quartermaster's : Supplies,
Depot Quartermasters Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 18, 1901.
— Sealed proposals, , In duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until. 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday, December 3, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Pack-
ing Boxes, Lumber, Burlap, Excelsior and
Hoop Iron. Quantities to be subject to 20
per cent increase if decided upon by this
Department. : Bidders must ¦ state .in their
proposals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including In the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the ¦• Pacific
Coast, to. the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public , service there. "The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any* part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 10,167," and addressed to MAJOR
C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
SEALED proposals in duplicate will be re-
ceived at the office of the Lighthouse En-
gineer, San Francisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock
. m., December 20, 1901, and then opened for
the rental of the wharf at Trinidad Head
light station, at Trinidad, Humboldt County,
California, for a period of five, years com-
mencing January 1, 1902. Information and
" blank torms of proposals furnished oh appli-
cation to LIEUT. COL. CHAS. E. .L. B.
DAVIS, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., En-
gineer. ¦ .. . ¦ ¦ -' .-•.¦¦.¦_ •-¦
SEALED proposals In duplicate will be re-
ceived at the office of the Lighthouse En-
gineer, San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock
m., December 13, 1901, and then opened for
the rental of Anacapa Island, Ventura
County, Cal. i (reserved by Presidential order
as a lighthouse reservation), for a period of
five years. Information and blank forms of
proposals furnished on application to Lieu-
tenant Colonel CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Corps
of Engineers. U. S. A.. Lighthouse Engineer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: - •  .; . ;• • '. .
Hermann C. Schult, 27, 46 Turk ¦ street and
Maria E. Sethmann, 22, 1511 Church street.
Antonio Mnrlnelll, 25, 77A Rausch street, and
Filomena Lomb'arda, 20, ' 77A Rausch street.
Benjamin F. Blackmon, 30, 595 Geary street,
"and Soi'hie A. Staples, 27, 1308 Greenwich st
¦ Victor P. Orella, 24; 405 Sutter street, I and
Marie T. Wilson. 20, 1143 Turk street.
William D. Creighton, 43, city, and Gertrude
M. Bechett 30, city.
Pete Erickson, 33, Staten Island, and Emma
Johanson. 22, Staten Island. ...
John R. Melburn, 31. 717- Davis street, and
Ida Johnson, 29, 725 Natoma street. •
Frank D. ¦ Cooney, 34. Oakland, . and Jennie
V. Enerel, 38, -1311 Jackson ¦ street. . ¦ .
- Sdefan ¦A. Taplo, 26, 2 Sellna • place. and
Katie M. Slpola.- 36. 1578 Fell street. :- ¦
James Chrlstensen, 27, Rio Vista, and Caro-
line Hansen, 20, Rio Vista. - . •• ,
Paul • J. Meroux, ' 30, city, and Ruby R
SweltzT. 30. city. . . •.••'.'
Ernest E. Lawrence, 30, 722 Shotwell street
and Amelia A. Hubrich. 24, 722 Shotwell street'
. Edward C. ; Brown, 21, 1224 Kearny street
and .Rosle J. ; Ruther. : 18, 1224 Kearny street '
. Edward : Hicks, 56, Folsom, 1 and ¦ Bessie Wil-
son, 26, 926 .Washington- street. ¦¦;¦ ..' .
John T>Moroney, 26, 1009 Harrison street, and
Annie . M. - Barter. 20, Vallejo. •(. -" , ,
Leon Tone Ay. 47, Marysvllle, and Lok Loy
You, 20, 920 Sacramento, street . ¦. . : ,
MARRI&QES— DEATH&~
Birth,' - marriasre - and ; death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication , offices and be
Indorsed ' with the name and ¦ residence of per-
sons authorized to have the, game published. .
BORN.
CAHEN— In this city, November 18, 1901, io
. the wife of I. W. Cahen, a : son. :,. ¦ -.: ¦¦ ¦
FRANKLIN— In this city, November ¦ 19, 1901,
to the wife of Carl P. Franklin, a daugh-
ter.
| GRADY— In this city. November 11, 1301, to the
. ¦ ¦¦;•¦•».-•
' wife" of ¦- W. M. Grady '.(nee Coleman), a
.daughter. . .^.- ; ; .' .^ .'
HASLAM— In this city. October 27, 1901. to
the wife of H. W. Haslam, a daughter.
JACOB— In t^ls city, to the wife of Herman
\ Jacob, a son. " ¦ " '
WESKE— In Santa ' Rosa, November . 14, 1901,
to the wife of Adolph Weske. a son. I
MARRIED.
ERICKSON— In - this city, No-
vember- 19, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, ¦ Pete Erickson and Emma Johanson,
. both ;of Staten Island, San Joaquin County.
HAGE— In this city. November 17. 1901.
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Jacob Held
. and Anna Hage, both of San Francisco.
" . " ;.-.- \ DIED,.}";- ¦
Anderson, John . • Maguire, Peter ~
Beatty. Will J. Martin, Eliza J.
Clement, Henry .N. ' Muller. Gustave A.
Cook, Alexander ¦ Rich, Catherine
-Da Valle, Rosa Rutherford. Mary W.
"Gray. Lewellyn Schrlck. August Jr.
, Greenwald, ¦ Jacob ' Stevens, Hester
Hale, Thomas H. ", ; Stewart, Thomas W.
/ Hanly, Mrs. Mary Tolbert. Henry •
,' Hbwell. Elizabeth Vulicevich, Marco
La Perle, Malvina Walsh, Theresa
Lebenbaum, Solomon wedelei, Isidor W.
ANDERSON -In the City and County Hospi-
-. tal, November 19, 1901,' John Anderson, a
- native of Illinois, aged 34 years. :
BEATTY— In this city, November 19. 1901.
Will J. ¦ Beatty, a member of Damon Lodge
; No. 8, Knights Of ' Pythias, and Franklin
Lodge No. 44, A. O. U. W., and Past Mas-
' ters' Association, of A. O. U. W., a native of
Mt. Morris, Ogle County, 111., aged 57 years
1 months and 27 days. (Sacramento. Cal.,
papers please copy.)
ICTTriends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from K. of P.
Hall. 909 Market street. Interment Odd Fel-
>.: lows' Cemetery. - ¦ ....•*.
CLEMENT— In this city. November 17. 1901,
Henry Newell, husband of Mary A. Clement,
and father of Walter 0.. Jabish and Ada
Clement, a native of Ohio, aged 60 -years 6
' months and 14 days. . ¦
EyFriends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
"residence. 637 Guerrero street near Nine-
teenth. > Interment private. .. ,
COOK— In Oakland, ' November 19, 1901. Alex-
ander ' Cook, father of . Henrietta, Sylvester
• J.. L. T., Milton and R. S. Cook, a native
of Virginia, aged 77 years and 5 months.
DA VALLE— In this city, . Rosa, beloved wife
of Vinconzo Da Valle. and mother of Mrs.
J. N. Sresovich, Mr«. T>. Fabris, Mrs. N.
Cella and Albert Da Valle, a native of Mossa
Mascinaia, Lucca. Italy, aged 57 years 6
months and 2 days. (Sacramento. Jackson.
San - Jose, LomDoc and Los ; Angeles papers
please copy.) <
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1256 Montgomery street, thence to Sts.
; Peter and Paul's Church, Dupont and Fil-
bert streets. Interment Italian Cemetery.
GRAY— this city, November 17, 1901. Lewel-
)yn, .beloved wife of the late Georire Gray.
and mother of Mrs. A. F. Ltssak. George E.
Gray of Nevada and •E. • M. Gray of San
Francisco, a - native of Missouri, aged «1
years -7 months and 6 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ufly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment orlvate. . > . '• • ¦>¦
GREENWALD— In thia city, November 17, 1901
Jacob Greenwald, husband of the late Yette
Greenwald, and father of Mrs. E. Lobe of
Seattle, Mrs. E. . Epstein and Mrs. A. S.
Wallberg, a native of Germany, aged 74
years 3 months and 26 days. , (Seattle papers
1 please copy.)
Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
" (Wednesday), at 9£o o'clock, from his late
residence, 1513 Goi/crh street. Interment at
Home of Peace Cemetery by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 10:40
o'clouk. . .
HALE— In this city, November 18, 1901, Thomas
Harold, beloved son of John T. and Lydia
Hale, and brother of Albert Hale and the
late Lldia Hale, a . native of San Francisco,
I a«;ed 1 year 2 months and 12 days.
HANLY— In this city, Nov. 18. 1901, Mrs. Mary
Hanly, mother of John L. Hanly, and grand-
mother of Jcssph, John, Charles and Frank
Hanly, a native of County TlDperary, Ire-
land, aged £3 years. (Oakland papers please
. copy.)
¦ E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late
' residence. 4115 • Eighteenth- street, thence to
Holy' Redeemer Church. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOWELL— this city, November 18. . 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Elder Thomas
Howf 11, an! mother of Mrs. E. J. Little and
Alfred, Joserh, Edward and George Howell.
a native of Bristol, England, aged 78 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the First
Free Baptist Chnreh, Bush street, between
Hyde and Larkin streets. ;
LA PKRLE— In Oakland, November 18, 1901.
..Malvir.a, beloved wife of Phellas La Perle,
i_a native, of Canada, ared 50 year«--.--^^' .--
=¦' (E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
j dence Shattuck avenue, thence to Sacred
. Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
I will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ci . .
LEBENBAUM— In this city, November 19, 1901.
. Solomon, beloved husband of Ella Leben-
baum, and father of Olga and Arthur Leben-
baum, and brother of Louis I<ebenbaum. a
. native of Germany, aged 61 years 7 months
, and . 11 days. .
tC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ ' fully Ir.vtt3d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2506 Fillmore street. Private Inter-
ment at Horns of Peace Cemetery by special
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 o'clock. Please emit flowers.
MAOUIRE— In Mill- Valle* November 18, 1901,
Peter, beloved husband of Sarah Magulre.
and father of Mrs. T. H. Murphy, Mrs. T.
D. Rlcrda.i and J. H.. F. E. and J. W.
¦ Map-alre, a native of Irelard, aged 72 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARTIN— In South San Francisco, November
19, 1901, Eliza J.. beloved wife of Thomas B.
Martin, and mother of Mis. Ella M. Whit-
aker of Clinton. Mo.. Charles W. Martin and
Frank T. B. Martin of Omaha. Nebr., and
W. J. Martin of South San Francisco, a na-
t ive of County Carlow, Ireland, aged 65 years
2 months and' 4 days.
I/ |C7Xo funeral services will be held here,
but the remains will be removed to her home
In Gnlesburr. 111. -
MULLER— In this city. November 18, 1901.
Gustave Adolph Muller, beloved husband of
Wilhelmine Muller, * and father of Mrs. A.
Zen, Mrs. M. Bachm.;nn ami Etta, Kheln-
; hart and Gustave Muller. a native of Saxon,
Germany, aged 70 years 3 months j and 16
days. ' - •
fTT'The ' funeral will take place to-day
- (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
" of H. F. Suhr & i Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RICH— In Alameda. November 17. 1901. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Abram ¦ Rich, and
mother of Rebecca and Margaret Rich. Mrs.
G. E. Gosrgln and Mrs. A. B. Derby, a na-
tive of Bruff. County Limerick Ireland, aged
68 years 3 months and 23 days.
ITTTrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from St. Joseph's Church. Ala-
meda, where a requiem high mass will be
paid for the repose of her soul. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
RUTHERFORD— In this city, November 19,
1901. Mary White, widow of the late Captain
A. J. Rutherford, and beloved mother of Mrs.
¦ ; M. H. Pulsif er and James A.. Helen M. and
Anna W. Rutherford, a native of Castle -
- blayney, Ireland, aged 68 years 10 . months
and 21 days.
(T7Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
' fully ' invited - to attend ' the funeral services
¦ at Stewart Memorial U. P. Church. Guer-
rero " street. .' near Twenty-third, to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric ¦ funeral car at
2:20 o'clock. • . « ?; ¦
SCHRICK— In this city. November 17. 1901.
August Rchrick ' Jr.. dearly beloved son of
¦ August and Antonia Schrlck. and beloved
brother of Frank, Joseph. John. William,
Henry. Rudolph, Anton. Theresia and Louisa
Schrlck. a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years 8 months and 9 days. ... (Portland. Or.,
, papers please copy.) r ! . .'-•. '-•
j - ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitad to .attend- the funeral, to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
3 dence of his parents. 208 Twenty-seventh
street, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
Army street, near Folsom. for services. In-
terment Hoi y> Cross. Cemetery. •¦¦.-
STEVENS— In 'J this city, November 19. 1901.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ;
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. >
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth ft. opposite Lincoln School. :
-.' ' Telephone South 80.
Mt- Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE W6 MARKET STREET.
7 ' ' J. HENDERSON. -Manager.
I ; UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
'27 and 29 Fifth st Tel. ! South 167.
. FUNEBAt. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
; ' Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.' '¦¦)
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet.
Taylor and Jones/, Telephone South 576.
' M^" M '"'" M "''""^™" M '^"*
NEW ll FIRM UNDERTAKERS.
: ; : Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
: the United Undertakers' 1 Association; M. J.
; Mcßrearty. with the same company for IS
. years; P. , F. ' Green, i late with ¦J. C. O'Con-
nor .& : Co., have ; opened ¦ new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between , Seventh ¦
; and Eighth. Telephone South 44. '¦:.-
Hester Steven*, dearly beloved daughter of
James F. and Lenore Stevens, and sister
' of ' Melville. Alma. Raymond. Clifford and
. George Stevens and Mrs. F. J. Ghlselli. a
natK'e of San Francisco, aged 18 years 11
~ months and 19 days. • . "
STEWART— the City and County Hospital.
November 19, 1901, Thomas W. Stewart, a
native of Maryland, aged 36 years.
i TOLBERT— At rest. In Alameda, Henry Tol-
¦ bert, beloved father, of Mrs. James E. Fran-
cis, and grandfather of Eugene Francis, Mrs.
Maude Estella Wilson. Mrs. Emma Eugenia
Richardson, Gertrude Louise Harper and the
late Herbart Francis, a native of Dover.
Delaware, aged 95 years and 3 months. • A
member of Hannibal Lodge No. 1. F. and
A. M.
(C^FrTends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Zlon A. M. E.
- Church. Stockton street, near Sacramento.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company. 405 Powell street, near Post.
VULICEVICH— In this city. November 18. 1901,
Marco, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Vullcevich, a native of Austria.
C7The . funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 793 Clayton street, thence to St. Agnes
, Church, where a solemn requiem j mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at J:2O o'clock. Interment private.
WALSH— In this city, November 19, 1901. The-
: resa Walsh, beloved mother of 'Robert Walsh,
a native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged
73 years. • -._-..
X^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 228% Birch avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the reoose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross . Cemetery. Please omit flowers.-
WEDELES— New York. November 13. 1901,
. Isidor W. Wedeles. beloved husband of The-
resa Wedeles. a native of Bavaria, aged 54
years 11 months and 13 days.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his lat 1 ?
residence, 2120 California street. Interment
at Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leav-
ing Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
-O'clock. . .
. CARD OF THANKS.
The undersigned herewith beg to express
their slncerest thanks for the great attendance
and beautiful tokens at my husband's and
brother's funeral; also to Unity Lodge No.
131, I. O. O. F. ; Gesellschaft Teutonia and
Walhalla Encampment No. 7. I. O. O. F. ;
. especially to Rev. Paul Branke. pastor of
St. Paul's German Evangelical Lutheran
I Church for the kind and soothing words in
- his sermon. ¦ - • •
- PAULINA LODERHOSE. widow; LOUISA
and HENRY LODERHOSE. children; MRS.
HENRY FINKENSTAEDT. sister.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Andrew Valentine to Marfjaret M. Valentine,
lot on S line of Twentieth street, 88 W of Har
rison, W 25 by S 95; gift.
Sarah Burns (widow) to William S. and Jo
seph P. Burns, lot on W line of Capp street,
275 N of Twenty-second. N 30 by W 122:6; gift.
Thomas W., Katherine A., Lily A. and Chris
topher C. Rivers to Francis Farina, lot on SW
corner of Noe and Henry streets, S 25:6 by W
96; $10.
Martin and Mary Geraghty to John E. W. and
Henrietta Stange, lot on W line or York street,
310 N of Twenty-second, N 27:8 by W 100; $10.
Thomas D. and Rose A. Riordan to Otto F.
Yon Rhein. lot on S line of Sutter street, 155 E
of Stockton. E 25 by S 120", $10.
Mary A. Dick (wife of W. H.), Edward H.
Jr.. and William C. Hammer to Charles Schir
me'r, lot on -<E corner of Fifth and Shipley
streets, SE 50 by NE 100; $10.
Leopold I. Calm to Abram Altmayer, lot 8"W
corner of Kansas and Yok) streets, W 50 by S
100; ?1C
Joseph B. Coryell to John R. Coryell Jr., lot
on SE corner of Tennessee and Yuba streets, ri
25 by E 100; $10.
Charles E. and Florence D. Murphy, to Solo
mon Getz, lot on E line of Second avenue. 175
N of Point Lobos avenue. N ¦ by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora GeW to Joseph Teresi,
same; $10.
Rlenzi and Mary C. Hughes to Wilhelmina
Rodefeld (wife of F. W.), lot on N line of D
street. 106:8 E of Ninth avenue. E 26:8 by N
160; $10.
Fried<B-ich W or Fritz W. Rodefeld to Wil
helmina Rodefeld, lot on N lire of Hayes street,
156:3 E of Buchanan, E 25 by N 120: also lot
on N line of Fulton street (D), 106:8 E of
Ninth avenue. E 26:8 by N 100; gift.
W. W. Brownell to Harriet V. Brownell. lot
on SW line of X street and Nineteenth avenue,
AY 240 by S 600; gift.
Harriet V. Brownell (wife of W. W.) to Ed
wa d E. Brownell (son), lot on W line of Nine
teenth avenue, 200 N of L street, N 50 by W
140; $10.
John D. Cardinell to John McQueen, lot on
E line of Twenty-third avenue, 175 N of L.
street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate of Frank R. Prince Jr. (minor) by
Frank R. Prince (guardian) to G. H. Geryln.
lot on NE line of Twentieth avenue aiw O
street, E 240, N to point equidistant between
O and N streets, W 240 by S 300, S half of
OutsMe 1-and block 988; $2500.
G. H. and Annie Gerwin to H. L,. M. Mat
thews, lot on N\V line of O street and Nine
teenth avenue N 300 by W 240, S half Outside
Land block 935; $10.
George W and Ida Dorsett to Lizzie A. Mer
ralls (wife of W. A.), lot 328 and 29, block 41,
Snnnyside; Sio.
Benjamin Healey to Margaret McM&hon
(widow), lot 1707. ylft map 3, fronting on
Brewster between California avenu? and Hope;
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
F. C. Siebe (owner) with Henry Hufschmldt
(contractor), architect B. J. S. Cahill— Sewer-
Ing, rough plumbing, finished plumbing, gas fit
ting and tiling for alterations to a two-story
frame bulWlnp. on S line of Golden Gate ave
nue. 20C:6 W of Larkin street, W 68:9 by S 120;
JW23.
Carrie May Mooncy (owner) with Joseph
O'Harra (contractor), architect B. J. S. Cahill—
Sewering, rough and finished plumbing, tiling
and gas fitting for a two-story frame front and
three-story rear residence with basement, on
lot commencing at a point 25 E from NE cor
ner Broadway and Pierce street, W 25, N 137:6,
E 25. S 137:6: $1070.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. November 19.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. 6 days from As
toria, via Coos Bay and Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith. 8 hours from Pig
eon Point.
SAILED.
Tuesday. November 19.
Stmr Homer. Donalds in, .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 1.. 104 00
35 S V Water S9 00
Street—
JSCOO N P C R R 5s 107 50
25 S V Water 89 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Alaska Packers' Association 152 00
50 Equitable Gas 3 12U
10 Equitable Gas 3 00
100 Equitable Gas, s 80 3 12^,
20 Honokea Sugar Co. s C 12 30
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 12 50
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 15 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 25
40 S V Water 89 00
$500 U S 3s (coupon) 108 01)
ICO Vlgorlt Powder % 4 87lj
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board—
250 Aztec 1 00
100 Central Point Con 1 13
800 Four 45
1500 Lion, s 60 08
200 Senator 99
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Aztec 100
100 Four 45
1000 Giant 32
25 Peerless, s 5 t U*J
100 Sterling, b 10 , 1 n!
200 Sterling 1 22C
400 West Shore 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stcck and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher IS 400 Mexican 19
100 Con Cal & Va.l 65 100 Ophlr . '74
200 Gould A Curry. 08
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.l 60 200 Sierra Nevada 10
ICO Mexican 20 500 Union Con..
100 Ophir 78
Following wore the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher IS; 200 Mexican i»
300 Con Cal & Va.l SO 200 Ophir ~
500 Mexican 20 1 300 Sierra Nevada! 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Best A Belcher 17! 100 Ophir t<?
100 C C & Va....l «2Vi 200 Union Con.. ...
600 Mexican 201 200 Yellow Jacket.! U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. 19-4 p . m .
Alpha — 02 Justice _ 02
Alta 01 02 Kentuck _ m
Andes 01 03 Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher 05 OS Mexican .' 19 on
Best & Belcher 16 17; Occidental . 04 ft*
Bullion 02 03|Ophir ~ 77 -^
Caledonia 24 25iOverman 05 oV.
Challenge Con.. 18 17;PotO8l 04 ns
Chollar 05 o»is*\«r« '.'. S 06
Confidence 70 75, Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Seg Belcher. 02 93
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada 10 1
Con New York. 01 — Sliver Hill 30 :
Crown Point.... 03 05 St Louis 03 _
Eureka C0n.... 14 — Standard ....'"3*s _
Exchequer —' 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 07 05 Union Con 1* v
Hale & Nor-.rs. 16 WUtah « »
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 12 13
HOTEL ARRIVAL*
GRAND HOTEL.
D W Johnston, L Ang Mrs T G Walker. Cal
J M Danger. Los Ang Miss C Heraldston,
R de Tres, Log Ang Cal
P Mulvennv. Cal R Lauxen, Stockton
H Booksln Jr, S Jose Mrs E Dcnohoo. Fresno
J W Robinson. Brkley C H Ruffner. N V
F W McDonald. Cal J P Jartnan * w. S Jom
J C Reeve, San Jose J L Francis & w, Cal
G E Gard. Los Ang F E Coombs. Mass
A V Parker. Fresno A L Meyer, Chicago
E Fisher, 3acto M T Quirk. Chicago
F J Brandon. 8 Jose Mrs H M Meek. Cal
H F Adams, N V Mrs E B Stone, Ca:
J H Smith. Los Ang Mrs E R Hamilton. Cat
J Morton. Loa Ang : D T A Keables, Cal
G T Pass & fam, Cal J Martin. Los Ang
S I Perry, NY H B Day. Chicago
S Goodman. Portland H A Mosher. Nile*
C Kircher. St Louts H D Shackleford. Ohio
S T Hills. Minneapolis R L James. Pac Grov«
R T Pringle. Seattle H B Thompson. B C
G F Ruble St w. Seatti F Conn. Chicago
E E Place. Loa Gatoa , W H Spencer A w. Cal
B F Leete. Reno I< F Moulton. Colusa
Mrs J Coleman. Dawsn Mrs B R Wilber, Seatti
P J Throll. Seattle M P Miller & w. Wash
Dr Ivancorlch & w, A Donough. Cal
Petaluma a H Noble. Holllster
H H Grau. Sacto L Hart. San Jose
A M Stevenson & w, V MSlater A w. Oakld
Vaeaville Q R Stewart. Cal
Dr J L Harkness. Pa R Frommer. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
H O James. LA H S Derring * w. Cal
J A Veatch. Beaumt I R P Blake. Boston
C G Weber. NY F S Johnson *w Cal
W S Hook. LA W Hersey A w. Cal
Miss M Keating. B C ' Mrs N D'Oyly. Cal
C G Stoddard & w. O Miss D'Oyly. Cal
X C B»rton. Omaha Miss E P D'Oyly. Cal
A E Schwab, N V Mins M L D'Oyly. Cal
W J Williams. Caracas F Thompson, Honolulu
E Ainsworth Aw.Wash Louis Pelton. Chicago
Gen Godman. London C E Pearsall, Eureka
F E Newton. London O A Turner Aw. N^v
T Godman. London J B Randol A w. N V
J G Woodswnrth.Wash H C Ewing Seattle
J S Baker, Tacoma P P Powell & w. USA
W Fenwick, Tacoma Mrs Bradner. USA
H Kennedy A w. Wash E R Bath. Honolulu
Mrs Ward & child. B C E A Len * V Omaha
Miss Davle B C T Derby Cal
W F McAllister. 11l W Babcock A w. Cal
Frank L Moore, NY \v A Greer, N V
T C Drescher 4w. Cal S L Ramsey. Honolulu
Miss Drescher, Cal E A Elliott Korea
Miss M A Terry, Cal W Smith. Fresno
J E Terry, Cal F S Macomber. Cal
W P Coleman &w. N V H J Small, Cal
Frank Earp. Sidney ,J P Smith. Livermor*
W Woodrow A w, Cal L Vogelstein. N V
Dr Harrison * w. N t
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F F Dolano, Cal J Hagran. Rio Vista
P J Murtha Cal J Brewster Wash
W H Leonard. Ohio O S Crawford. Neb
C Lyons, Denver R G Corey, Denver
F Felker & w. Wash M Dolan. Ont
Miss Jarl Wash T Bolin. Butte
J E Styn'es. Denver W J Buston. D«troit
C Forster, Portland |C C Shield. Victoria
J M Parttons. Cal E B Ketcheside, Aria
G J Smythe, Wash I
If you have compliments to pay almost
any g-lrl will accept them in Installments.
OCEAIC TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S^- Steamers leave Broadway
TsW Wharf, San Francisco:
J|^^ For Alaskan ports— ll a. m..
i«?BS*Sfc-. Nov 2 7 12. 17, 22. 27, Dec. 2.
! pCrSStfM Change to company's steam-
Im*gsa\a.l ers at Seattle. „
I Ba^Qt^H For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
P^SBSg&mgA O. Port Townse-nd. Seattle.
it- Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Nov 2. 7 12, 17. 22, 27. Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N Ry. at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P For y Eureka bo idt°Bay)- : l:30 p. m., Nov.
i For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m., Nov.
I 3 8 13 18 23 28 Dec. 3. •
I 'For San 'D*iego. ' stopping only at Santa Bar-
' bara, Port Los -Santa-Rosa. Redondo (Lo» An-
*eles)-Steanier Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
sUamTr State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9a m. .
! For Los -Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
! terey. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford «San
i Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
i tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays,
| 9 For^nsenada. Magdalena Bay. <?an Jo«e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz.» Janta Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7th of each •
m For further information obtain the company's
I The S company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing clays and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT «»KKICIS— 4 New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel). -. '2>
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. ,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. #?. « N. CO,
Only Steamship Xjin* to
PORTLAND, Op.,
' And Short Rail Lina from Portland to m\\
points East. Through ticket* to all
points. all rpl*. of «tc«ms*ut> and rail, at
IjCWEST M. JUS. .
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH aai MSAL3.
BS COLUMBIA Sails.... Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14. 24
' SS. GEO. W. ELDER 5-.
Sails Nov. 19, 29. Dec. 9. 19. 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y. 3. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
i for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
! Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
' connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
d«.y of sailing.
S.S. NIPPON MARU
... Wednesday, December 11, 1901
S.S AMERICA MARU -—/V™™
Saturday. January 4,1903
S.S HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Ear
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Of YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PJ3U
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
I Haverford Nov. 27|St. Louis Dec. 18
' Philadelphia Dec. 4 Philadelphia Dee. 25 i
St. Paul Dec. 1! St. Paul Jan. I
RED STAR LINE. v^
Maw York and Antwerp,
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon. '
Haverford Nov. 27 Southwark Dec. 18
•Zeeland Dec. 4l *Va«lerland Dec. 23
Friesland .- Dec. 11l Kensington .....Jan. 1
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. :
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
oceaßics.s.co.|s»i.
S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
'...* Saturday. Nov. 23. 2 p. m.
S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29. 10 a. m.
S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
. and Sydney Thursday. Dee. 5. 10 a. m.
! J. D.BP.IEKEIS 4 BROS. CO., Bmrs, April. 327 lark* St
Een'l Passsngsr Cffict, 643 Market St., Mar 10. 7. PaciSc U
j .
PANAMA D D steahshi?
rANAMA Hi H. line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. MO: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, De.-. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails ' _
S. S. Argyll calls
From Howard-street wharf (Tier 10.) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Offlc*. 230 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
• To Valparaiso, stopping at ' Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. •' .
PALENA Nov. 29ITUCAPEL .....Dec. 21
CHILI Dec. 7 AREQUIPA ...Jan. 4
I These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc.
i No change at Acapulco or Panama.)' Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COHPASinS GSSKRAL3 TBANBATLAKTIQOI
! DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- <-^
i Sailing every Thursday, instead: of <^H 33b
i Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 43, ¦3SB^^»
1 North River, foot of Morton street. ' .
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class- to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 52 Broadway (Hudson building). New
I York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
[ Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
| Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BI7EB S'TR A MTSBBL
FOR U. S. Jltl TAR) AND VALLEJ3
; Steamers OH. FRI3BIS or MONTICELLO
¦ 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day.' Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo .1 a. m., 12:30- noon. 6 p. m., except
( Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:16 p. m. . Fare 50
t cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and ¦
' office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
112
f^_^^._.\_ .-.ru-.--.nJ-. ! ADVERTISEMENTS. » - f '.".'i '.'-.. A ii'-l :'-'ll-^-'^
I i A K*w* a c 14 \ INC^at
m. v, J^*\ a J i /JW rr* |L jail
I^^^cof. Keajrri.Yjs^ a^dlJi^ioji ve -^jiiflr
CHIEF OF POLICE
NOT APPOINTED
Commissioners Make No
Reference to the
Subject.
Contrary to general expectation, the Po
lice Commissioners did not appoint a suc
cessor to the late Chief of Police Sulli
van at their meeting last night, and the
department still remains without other
than an acting head. The Commissioners
are non-committal on the subject and
would make no statement last night of
the probable time when the selection
would be made.
The subject was not touched upon in
any way at last night's meeting, and
when the routine business was finished
at H o'clock an adjournment was prompt
ly taken. President Xewhall said after
ward that the choice was not made at this
meeting, probably because the Commis
sioners did not feel it incumbent upon
them to act in the matter at this time.
He said the question of appointment
might be taken up at the next regular
meeting or a special meeting might be
called. It is quite probable that the Com
missioner? desired to consider so import
ant a question as the selection of a Chief
of Police in a special meeting, unham
pered by a mass of routine business.
The usual routine occupied the atten
tion of thf Commissioner? until 11 o'clock.
There wrre charges against officers to
hear, applications for appointments a>?
special policemen, for permits to carry
weapons and for liquor licenses t* con
sider, and charges of Illegal selling of
liquor by saloon-keepers to try.
The charge against Patrolman John J.
Hundreds of millions of tins
of Royal Baking Powder have
been used in making biscuit,
cake and hot breads, and every
spoonful of every tin has turned
out even, perfect work, always
making the bread, cake and
biscuit light, delicious and
wholesome.
b Was there ever another
such record for any article of
food in the world?
- IWYAI BAKING PQWPEK PO., 109 WIUIAM ST., NEW YORK,
Moriarity, preferred by Captain Spillane,
of being two hours late in reporting for
duty November 4, was dismissed. Mori
arty admitted the charge, but pleaded ill
ness, and Captain rfpillane said he be
lieved Moriarity was ill. but had preferred
the charge as a matter of formality.
The appointment of John Doyle, a
watchman on the Panama Railroad's
wharf, as a special policeman, was re
voked on evidence of his having been in
toxicated and threatening sober and
peaceable men with arrest.
Though the previous meeting had been
adjourned out of respect to the memory
of the late Chief of Police, formal reso
lutions were not adopted at that time.
The following were accordingly read and
adopted last night:
"Whereas, The Police Department of the City
and County of San Francisco has lost by the
untimely death of William P. Sullivan Jr., our
late Chief of Police, a true and honorable man,
who labored earnestly for the welfare of the
people and in the interest of the Police Depart
ment, and who was. an upright, patriotic and
Christian citizen; and
Whereas. We believe that his devotion to the
arduous duties of his office, in the face of
overwhelming difficulties met by him with
characteristic energy, caused the close of a life*
whose full promise had not been revealed; and
Whereas. We desire to declare our admiration
of his stainless character and faithful execu
tion of his^ trust: now be it therefore
Resolved," That this, the regular meeting, of
the Board of Police Commissioners, stand ad
journed as a mark of respect to his memory;
and be it further
Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with
the bereaved widow and the family of our de
ceased chief, and tender them our most sin
cere and heartfelt condolence in this, their
prrat affliction: and be it further
Resolved, That thf-s»> ropolutionn be spread
upon the minutes of this meeting and that cn
prosse.i copies hr- presented to the widow and
the family of Chief Sullivan.
Sweasy's Assailants Unknown.
The police have been unable to locate
the assailants of Frank Sweasy, the Oak
land law clerk, who was beaten and
robbed by three men at the corner of
Jones street and Golden Gate avenue on
Monday night. A passer-by found Sweasy
lying unconscious on the sidewalk and
took him into Kapp's tamale grotto, where
his wounds were washed. Sweasy claims
the footpads got $165 and a gold watch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1901.
STRONGLY FAVOR
EXCLUSION LAW
The Supervisors' committee appointed
to arrange for the anti-Chinese conven
tion, to be held in Metropolitan Temple
to-morrow, met yesterday in the Mayor's
office.
Secretary Mason announced that cre
dentials have been received from 1000 del
[ egates, and it is expected that fully 500
more will answer the roll call.
The committee decided to leave the se
lection of a permanent chairman to the
convention. Among those mentioned for
the office are R. F. Jtl Valle, State Sen
ator John F. Davis of Amador, former
Congressmen T. J. G«?ary and A. Cami
netti, Mayor-elect Schmitz, Mayor Sny
der of Los Angeles, S. W. Woods, Con
gressman Frank L. Coombs, Marshall
Hale. A. B. Lemmon, State Senator S. C.
Smith of Kern, Supervisor Braunhart and
E. C. Voorheis.
Governor Gage has announced that he
will be unable to attend the convention.
The Board of Supervisors of Redwood
City has adopted resolutions indorsing
the action of the local board in the move
ment for Chinese exclusion. They are
signed by Georpe C. Ross, W. B. Lau
rence. James McCorrmck, W. J. Martin
and H. Nolson.
Headquarters will bo established at the'
Grand Hotel. The following partial pro
gramme of addresses was adopted by the
committee:
"Chinese in Our Nfw Possessions," James
F. Smith: "Chinese Menace to Public Health,"
Dr. J. M. Williamson; "Employment of Chi
nese as Agriculturists. ". Hon. Alden Anderson;
"Crime From the Standpoint of Immigra
tion," Assistant District Attorney W. H. Al
ford.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth will discuss the law points of the
question, and A. Sbarboro will treat of its
commercial phase. The following addi
tional delegates will be present:
San Francisco: Longshoremen's Protective
Association, Local No. 228— Charles Kelly, John
Coghlln, Thomas Ea?an; San Francisco Typo
graphical Union No. 21— George H. Knell, A.
B. Sanborn, F. J. Bonnlngton; International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers No. 6— A.
E. Drendell, L. R. Boyton, E. F. Boyd.
Oakland: United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners of America, Oakland Union No. 36
— T. T. Frlckstar, T. Murdock, L. Roberts.
Sacramento: United Brotherhood of Carpen
ters and Joiners of America, Carpenters' Union
No. 586— William Cook, G. C. Hall, J. Sabin;
Sacramento Typographical Union No. 48— H.
Rogers. J. Alexander, William Halley.
Visalia: Board of Trustees; five delegates;
names will he sent later.
Redwood City: Board of Supervisors — W. J.
Martin. W. B. Lawrence, George C. Ross. Hor
ace Nelson. James McCormick.
Napa: Board of Supervisors— F. E. Johnston,
Theodore A. Bell, N. W. Collins, H. C. Gesford
of Napa and O. H. Black of St. Helena.
' Sonoma: Board of Supervisors; Thomas J.
Geary, Santa Rosa; J. C. Keane, Healdsburg;
H. H. Granlce. Sonoma; J. D. Connolly, Occi
dental, Harrison Meach»m, Petaluma.
San Mateo County Board of Supervisors — P.
H. McEvoy (chairman), J. Bikerenkotter, J.
H. Coleman, John McCormick.
Veterans' Civil War Association of San Fran
cisco—W. H. H. Hart. John L. Boone.
Martin Murray, W. H. Pratt. A. L. Rockwood.
Panhandle and Ashbury Heights Improve
ment Club— lsaac P. Allen, Edward L. Head,
Paul T. Kingston.
Redding Board of Trade — James A. Drj'nan,
George P. Covert, F. P. Primln.
Officers Installed.
The following named have been installed
by Grand Deputy Miss May A. Atkinson,
assisted by Miss Carrie Clarke as grand
marshal, as officers of Branch No. 11 of
the Catholic Ladies* Aid Society: Past
president, Minnie Spilman; president
Mary Garety; senior vice president, Miss
Mollie Conlin; junior vice president Miss
Kate Fitzgerald; financial secretary", Miss
Delia Mullee; recording secretary. Miss
Kate Tully; corresponding secretary, Miss
Emma Russell; marshal, Miss Annie
Burns; treasurer, Mrs. E. O'Neil; guard
Mrs. A. Collins. Grand President Miss
Mary Carr of Oakland was present It be
ing her first official visit to the branch
She delivered a pleasing address. During
the evening Miss Spilman, the retiring
president, was presented a handsome and
valuable Din emblematic of the society.
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST
NOMINATES ITS OFFICERS
Quartermaster Blinn Enters the Twentieth Year
of Service With an Unequaled Record*
GEORGE H. THOMAS, POST QUARTERMASTER, WHO HAS BEEN
LONGER IN OFFICE THAN ANY OTHER OFFICER WHO HAS
SERVED IN THE GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
AT the meeting of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, Department
of California and Nevada, Grand
Army of the Republic, held last
night, the following named were
placed in nomination to be elected for the
ensuing term: A. D. Cutter, commander;
Selden Sturges, senior vice commander;
F. L. Turpin. junior "vice commander;
Charles H. Blinn, quartermaster; Richard
McCoy, chaplain; H. McG. Wilson, M. D.,
surgeon; T. F. Smith, officer of the day,
and John Rush, officer of the guard.
Colonel Charles H. Blinn is nominated
for the twentieth year as post quarter
master. The "old watchdog" of the
post's treasury has served longer contin
uously as post quartermaster than any
other such officer in the Grand Army of
the Republic and during his long period
of service has missed but six post meet
CARD SHARPERS
ROB MINING MAN
Robert W. Dunsmulr, a well known
mining man of British Columbia, had an
experience last Monday night that he will
not soon forget. H,e was the victim of
two of the cleverest' card sharpers known
to the police. Dunsmuir was mulcted out
of $9000, and only recovered the amount
with the assistance of Captain Seymour
and his detectives.
Dunsmuir is a guest at the Palace Ho
tel. He has been staying there far the
past week "With his wife and daughter.
On Monday night Dunsmuir went out
alone after dinner, and in the course of
his ramblings dropped into the Cafe Roy
al, on the corner of Market and Fourth
streets. Dunsmuir was aware of the rep
utation of the place, but had a natural
curiosity to see the victims engaged in
their efforts to lure fortune to their s\d<>.
He became interested in the game and
when invited to take a hand was not loth
to do- so.
Two wily bunko men were given the
"Up" that a rich stranger was in their
midst and a plan was made to deprive
him of hit money. Dunsmuir was piled
with liquor that was "doped" and was
soon playing with a recklessness that
could only end in loss. "Pat" hands were
dealt to him and he won. When ths
stakes were large enough the schemers
would deal themselves high hands and
gather in his money.
The bunko men did not allow him to
leave the place until he was completely
shorn. He returned to his hotel in a
dream. The fact that he had been "shak
en down" did not dawn upon him until
yesterday morning. He remembered that
he had left the Palace with $1000 in gold
and $8000 in checks. A search of his pocx
ets failed to reyeal the small sized for
tune. Dunsmuir immediately stopped
payment of the checks at the bank and
then notified the police. Detectives were
detailed to find tile two men, and within
a few hours they were taken to the Hall
of Justice. They were forced to return
their ill-gotten wealth. Dunsmuir gained
possession of his checks and most of his
gold. He was glad to get his money back
and declined to prosecute the men. The
two card sharpers were allowed to de
part, but were ordered to leave town
within twenty-four hours.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles, $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street, San Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
Wanted in Monterey.
Robert B. Newton, a bellboy at the Ho
tel Richelieu, was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Crockett and Dillon and will
be held pending the arrival of an officer
from Monterey. It is alleged that New
ton while* employed as a bellboy at the
Hotel del Monte entered the room of Al
bert A. Chaine and stole clothing and
jewelry.
DR. PARDEE, eye, ear, nose, throat,
has resumed practice in Chronicle bldg. ?
Civil Service Examinations.
The Civil Service Board has set the ex
eminations for assistant engineers in the
Department of Public Works for Thurs
day, December 11. There are ten posi
tions, with salaries ranging from' 5125 to
$160 per month. The examination for chief
assistant engineer will be held December
18 and 19, and that for surveyors goes on
to-day.
Rionhart's Flaxseed 'Balsam
Will cure your cough; 50 cents: at all druggists'.
The toper's nightcap may be so called
because it usually goes to his head.
¦ ? ¦
Go where you will the best saloons sell Jesse
Moore "Whiskey.— •-• \, : ; • \ • .
ings. Colonel Blinn went to the front in
1861 and served three, years and four
months in the First Vermont Cavalry,
one of the most famous regiments of the
Civil War. He was present with his regi
ment in many of the hard fought battles
of the Potomac, and was with the com
mand of gallant Phil. Sheridan in the
famous Shenamloah Valley campaign of
1864. He has been a resident of this city
for thirty-three years and was formerly
a newspaper writer, being connected for
a time with the Alta California. Since
then he has held a position of great re
sponsibility in the Custom-house for near
ly a quarter of a century. His son. Hoi
bnxtfc Blinn, is one of the leading actors
in the city of London, Eng.
Comrade Cutter is • the second com- j
mander in the history of the post to be i
nominated for a second term, and the
most popular commander since Walter H.
Holmes in ISB2. His nomination was re
ceived with great enthusiasm.
GYMNASIUM FOR
STREET CAR MEN
The comfort and health of its employes
will be one of the first considerations of
the Baltimore syndicate that recently pur
chased the Market Street Railway system.
When the new management assumes con
trol changes which will, be of benefit to
the thousands of men that are connected
in various capacities with the vast system
will be inaugurated.
It is proposed to construct a large gym
nasium, properly equipped with every
form of modern apparatus. The men may
exercise and will have the exclusive use
of the enjoyments afforded at any time.
A library, a spacious billiard hall and a
large reading and lounging room are pro
jected. In this department the syndicate
expects to spend a-great deal of money.
The syndicate has controlled the San
Francisco and San Mateo electric railway
for the last few months. Recently it es
tablished a gymnasium and library in its
office building at Sunnyslde. The room in
which the apparatus is located in large,
its ceilings are high and its interior adorn
ments are artistic. The library is well
lighted and many books will be added to
these on hand. The Sunnyside building
is also equipped with bathrooms and a
large billiard-room.
Angelus
Piano Player
THE ANGELUS is an Instrument
for enabling anybody to play the
piano. It saves years of hard study
and practice of music, yet gives the
player all the satisfaction of produc-
ing music, as he controls the expres-
sion. THE ANGELUS strikes the
notes at the proper time, while the
player throws his entire energy into
the speed, volume and expression of
the composition.
THE ANGELUS will bring pleasure
enough into your home to more than
pay for its cost. It is certainly worthy
of your investigation. Visit our new
Angelus room, where we are ready and
willing to play your favorite composi-
tions and explain this wonderful piano
player. You need not feel constrained
to buy; it's a pleasure to please you
with the exhibition.
If you can't call, write for Catalogue
B, our latest Angelas publication.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stei.iway Phno Dealers,
Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F.
Corner 13th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second Avenue, Seattle.
:\ ;; , AD V UITtTTSKMTOTR, ' j
; On MONDAY, November th, we will place on
sale the following lines of
NEW GOODS
All of which will be found SPECIAL VALUES.
One Case 44-incli Silk; and Wool Imported
FRENCH "EOLIENNE" and "FLEUR DE
VELOUR" in the following shades; Modes,
Castor, Reseda, Cream, NaYUi French Blue,
• Tans, Old Rose, Graus, Light Blue and Black.
Price $1.25 Yard.
Regular. Value .75.
Two Cases Extra HeaYD ENGLISH CHEVIOT,
suitable for walking skirts and outing suits.
This goods is onlu in Black and two shades
of NaYu.
Price $I.QO Yard.
>/:;> Former Price $ 1.50 Yard.
45 Pieces GENUINE AMAZON CLOTH, 50
inches wide, in all the leading shades, such
as Reds, Blues, Browns, Tans, Graus, Greens,
also Black.
Price $1.00 Yard.
Worth 51. 50 Yard.
10 Pieces 44-inch Black Striped SILK GRENA-
DINES, assorted stripes. These are the goods
so much in demand,
Price $1.00 Yard.
Regular Value 1 .50 Yard.
In our FLANNEL DEPARTMENT we will
show this week an elegant stock of New
French Printed Flannels, Tennis Flannels,
Plain French Flannels, Eiderdown Flannels,
Embroidered Flannels and Flannelettes.
11, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
UNHAPPY WIVES
SEEK DIVORCES
John Donnigan, Known
as Lee Johnson, Song
Writer, Is Sued.
John Donnigan, musician, better known
as Lee Johnson, song writer, was made
defendant in a suit for divorce yesterday
by Nellie A. Donnigan, to whem. he was
married In February, 1892. His wife alleges
that since the marriage her husband has
treated her in a cruel and inhuman man
ner.
Mrs. Donnigan alleges that the month
following the marriage her husband
slapped her violently on the face, and
that in the month of April, 1892, he fre
quently came home under the influence of
liquor, and on numerous occasions while
in that state applied vile and abusive lan
guage to her, and struck her. Once, she
alleges, when her husband was about to
leave for Santa Cruz, he removed all the
food from the house and the oil from the
lamps. On another occasion at 1136 Oak
street he pursued her about the house
with a razor, threatening to kill her, she
avers.
The Donnigans have one child. Mrs.
Donnigan is at present living with her
mother, with whom she has been stay
ing since August last.
Mrs. Cross Wishes to Be Single.
The angel of peace, supposed to be hov
ering over the home of George H. and Lo
retta Cross, whose marriage last July
caused quite a stir, owing to the fact that
the groom was an unwilling party, has
evidently taken flight, for Mrs. Cross is
suing her husband for divorce for cruelty..
The complaint was tiled yesterday and
contains a recital of many mean things
alleged to have been done by Cross.
Cross applied to the Superior Court for
an annullment of the bonds of matricony
about two months ago. He claimed he
was forced into the marriage by his wife'a
brothers and sisters and a policeman,
who, he claimed, threatened to do him
bodily harm unless ho made the girl lvs
wife.
The ties wers ngt severed, however. Th*
young couple met ags-n and reconciliation
followed. Cross shed copious teara ancl
promised to be good, and Mrs. Cross
tainted in his arms.
Mrs. Cross alleges that her husband on
the night of the marriage left her to the
care of her sister and went to keep an en
gagement with some women to whom he
telephoned In her presence. She further
alleges that whon her baby was born he
refused to take any interest in the child
and advised her to "give it away."
Some Husbands, Too, Want Liberty.
Mary A. Stone is suir.g Charles A. Stone
for divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty. They were m.-rried last April at
Sacramento, and threes months after they
became husband and wife, Mrs Stone al
leges. Stone commenced treating her In
a cruel and inhuman manner. Stone «h«
alleges, in June. 1901, at their home in
Sacramento, drove her from the house at
the point of a pistol, firing a shot at her
as she. ran. Mrs. Stone alleges that her
husband followed her to the home of I
Mrs. Cox, to whom she fled for protee
tion. and threatened tD kill her
Mary L. Brien, who was married to
Louis Brien in this city last Jul£ wan's
the marriage ties severed and has jn
piled to the Superior Court for a dhrorei
on the ground of cruelty. She aKS
that her husband said he had married W
in order to secure a housekeeper. Whin
she became ill, she says, her husband re
fused to set a physician for her threat
ened to put her out of the house and saM
that when he married her he did not «
pect that she would ?et sick. Brien fur"
thor alleges Mrs. Brien. told her at rvnr
time that having bought her he intended
to do as he pleased -vith her a
The suit of ABdie M. Sorensen aea.ln*r
William Sorensen was submitted asaln3t
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday h/
Frederick Weldenbach against Sonh I t
Weidenbach for cruelty L u ?gi AiKil
against Maria Angeli for desertion Clar*
M. Hamil against John C. HamiTfor de
sertion and Loretta Macdonald against
Henry Macdonald for cruelty. ~s«""-i
\ 'Phone .Howard 10ZL
19 TAYLOR STREET.
Another Record -Break Week
Were you in Faber'a last week? If you
were you understand why we are doing
such an enormous business. But last
week was not the only busy days. Ble3s
you. no; busy as bees every day. You
risk nothing; we guarantee everything we
OPEN EVENINGS.
BUTTER ff q r u e^es creamery :.. Larse 33ic
Good, sweet table butter. Thursday ami
Saturday night only.
BEST FIGS 6 pounds 25c.
Fancy seeded. Pound 25c
nMIOI NO packages, i for Z.OC
Extra fancy; large Regular 12% -
Wednesday.
XX BRANDT, .'Oc bottle 33 C
FLOUR 9 a C c ... wheat :.. Ten : pound 20a
For health bread. Usually 30c.
BOILED CIDER, -luart bottle 25c.
EGGS G °° d c . all . forn . i . a . r an . c . h :.. DM ' 30cW
Every one warranted. '
50c BOX MIXED NUTS 40c
MlNflP MFAT Mrs. Faber's home- i)C ft
minUL ffICMI made. Two pounds ZDG
Just as your cook would make it only a*
less cost. Lar^e amounts must be ordered
in advance.
CRANBERRY SAUCE. 20c tin 10c
HI ARFT Eisen vineyard. Gallon.. 0Q ft
ULHiILI Smooth, rich table wine JOG
Sample at store. Worth 65c.
MAINE SUGAR CORN. 3 tins 25 c
BUTTFR Elsln crei; nery; cut in Of].
OU I 1 1 11 squares. Pound ZUC
Exceptional value. Wednesday only
PLUM PUDDING, 25c tin 20c
U/UICIfPY Monogram, O. P. S. or CCft
l n 10 Ml I Old Crow. Quart bottle DUG
Three popular brands, at Faber's cut
price. Usually $1.00.
Quart bottle 90c BRANDY 55c.
HI) Oatmeal. 15c package in.
iUi Order Saturday from 5 to 11 IUG
wrHESSaifon.. s . h ?ff?::... Aairellca - 93c
Once in a lifetime; ten-year-pld wines at *"*
half-price. Regular $2.00. Faber's way of
giving money away. Three gallons limit.
Saturday night only.
EXTRA CUT PRICE LIST AT STORE.
A NEW SYSTEM
FOB ORDERING MAYERLE' B EYE-
elasses by mail (or holiday present*.
- Honorable J. Walter
r^cSV\\lVf/rM"j-fi» Thomp»on.Xlinea building.
"^SS&VH/ns's New Tork. ordered by
<NNjKnß«HMfcv£' mall and says: »
M^Sl^fcS'm^ Mr. George Mayerle, •-*¦
H^^^^^BHD *Dear Sir: The glasses
-Is^F^^^SaS for Mr - J - w - Thomp-
son, 13 West 76th street.
-Sk.VjV'iy ffijfiic^ New York, came to hand
-^s<SS— >?S^s and **"• very nice. En-
' *^W/y/lll\V^s^sX* clos * d <* check for two
'Y' 'Z/'il UvNvX P alr » »or« tor myself an.i
J - 'x» *¦ herewith enclosed find
answers to questions. Yours, very truly
J. WALTER THOMPSON.
i Mayerle's Glasses Strengthen the Eye and
Brain. German Eyewater. 50c. GEORGE MAY-
: ERLE, German Expert Optician. 1071% Market
street, near Seventh. CUT THIS OUT.
®>im. vigor. Vitality for men
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cum Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
, _ p ? we . *«sht Losses. Insom- ,
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltneas to Mar- v
ry. Loss of Semen. gmt VaricoceleorCon-
stipation Stop Ncr *> CJ voua Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are- T^J!zL Immediate. !m- I
part vigor and pote cc « '9 ncy to every func
! tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cur«/or
money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars -^ ¦
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO 40 Ellis 3 "
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO 33
and 40 Third 3t.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year