VOLUME XC- NO. 167.
IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL OF SAN FRANCISCO'S
LATE CHIEF OF POLICE W. P. SULLIVAN JR.
WRECKAGE IS STREWN
ALONG BRITISH COAST
Fury of the Gale Is Unabated, Disasters
Among Vessels of All Classes Continue
and Scores of Unlucky Seamen Perish
LONDON, Nov. 13.-The gale which
has been sweeping over Great
Britain and Ireland for the past
two days was unabated to-day at
many coast points. Over the
Welsh lowlan<?s the torrential rains are
Increasing, causing disastrious floods. Re
ports of wrecks and causalties continue to
flow in. The death list, made up of threes
and fours, has an aggregate of at least
ML The mail boat Nord. from Dover for
Calais, which last night ran down the
lightship of the works of the New Dover
pier, has succeeded in returning to Dover.
The mails and passengers are safe. The
crew of the lightship was also landed this
morning;, after passing a terrible night at
sea in a small boat.
British Steamer Beached.
The British steamer St. Elveo has been
beached at Dover. She is high and dry
across the parade.
Early to-day a French bark struck off
Hendon, south of Sunderland. Nineteen
of the crew were drowned.
Numerous other wrecks have been re
ported, but the weather in most cases pre
vents the identification of the craft. Two
vessels In distress were sighted last even
ing off Dungenees, but the weather was
bo severe that the lifeboat was unable to
put out to their assistance. This morn-
Ing one of them sank. The other, a
FAMOUS HOPE DIAMOND
SOLD TO A NEW YORKER
Diamond Dealer Purchases It From
Lord Hope for One of the
"Four Hundred."
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The famous
Hope blue diamond is on the way to
America, having been bought for some
woman of the "four hundred." The sale
was made in London yesterday to Simon
Frankel, a Nassau-street diamond dealer,
who paid $150,000 for the gem. The pur
chase was made direct from Lord Hope
by Frankel.
Joseph Frankel has confirmed the news
of the Kale as announced in a cable mes
sage.
"We bought the diamond direct from
Lord Hope," said Frankel.
When Lord Hope a few months ago
proposed to sell the famous diamond, as
he was badly in need of money, his
brother, the Duke of Newcastle, and
other relatives sought in the English
-.courts to prevent the sale.
A After Lord Hope separated from Lady
\jiope, formerly May Yohe, an actress, all
objection "to the sale of the diamond was
withdrawn.
'xae Hope tsrJß.on& is, barring 1 t>:e Koh
The San Francisco Call.
steamer, reached "West Bay, where a tug
reached her.
The revenue cutter Active was wrecked
in the Firth of Forth. Twenty-three of
her crew were drowned and three were
saved.
Members of Crews Perish.
The Norwegian bark Inga, Captain Ole
son. has been totally wrecked at Tyne
mouth, and sixteen members of his crew
have been lost.
The Russian bark Pollux, Captain Lour,
from Liverpool, N. S., October 11, for
Glasson Dock, was stranded at North
Wharf, Fleetwood, and lost her foremast
and mainmast. She got towed off to her
destination to-day, waterlogged.
The Swedish bark Trio was driven
ashore late this afternoon at West Har
tlepool, Durham, and was broken up.
Three of her crew were washed ashore
alive, and the remaining seven were
drowned in sight of thousands of specta
tors powerless to help them, all attempts
at rescue with rockets carrying life-sav
ing lines having failed.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 13.— A" terrible
gale and snowstom, lasting for the past
twelve hours, has done great damage
throughout Denmark. There is five feet
of snow here. Eight vessels are reported
drifting ashore, two have been wrecked,
and many lives have been lost.
SPANISH STUDENTS
RIOT AT BARCEI/ONA
Detachment of Cavalry Occupies tLo
University After Ejecting- the
Scholars and Professors.
BARCELONA, Nov. 13.-Martial law is
expected to be enforced here to-day as
the result of student riots during the past
forty-eight hours. A detachment of cav
alry occupier] the university and ejected
the students and professors. The troop
ers subsequently charged the students In
the streets. Numbers of persons were in
jured. The itorea are barricaded and the
tradespeople are panic-stricken.
i-noor. the most famous diamond in the
world, first, because of its color, which
is a tirilliant sapphire blue; second, be
cause of its great size, 44U_ karats, and
third, because of its historic associations.
In MM Louis XIV acquired the gem for
his chief crown jewel. During the French
revolution it was stolen and nothing w:is
seen of it until 1830, when David Eliason,
a trader, brought it to I>ondon.
Chico Feels an Earthquake.
CHICO. Nov. 13.— A slight earthquake
shock was felt here at ..7 o'clock this
er<>olrgk No damage-was dc% i j-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
CITY OFFICIALS AND SORROWING
FRIENDS PAY A LAST TRIBUTE
Funeral Cortege Made Up of Militia, Members of the Police De
partment, Retired Officers and Citizens in
All the Walks of Life.
funeral of the late Chief of Po
lice William P. Sullivan Jr., which
took place yesterday, was one of
the most impressive held in this
city in years. Hundreds of sor
rowing friends crowded around the bier
and paid a last tribute to the memory of
the deceased. Tears were shed in the
church, where the requiem high mass was
held, and at the grave. The sorrow was
sincere. The friends who gathered re
membered Chief Sullivan's character as a
man. They wept when the Rev. Father
Cullen told of his kindly nature, good
deeds and upright life. They recalled
his many kind acts, and grieved that he
should be taken off *ln the prime of his
manhood.
If St. Agnes Church had been twice its
size it could not have contained the sor
rowing crowd. The requiem high mass
was of the most solemn character. In
side the humble church were men of
every creed, who prayed for the repose of
the soul of the late Chief of Police.
Floral "pieces were many. They filled
the place of sorrow, and their fragrance
hung heavy over me room. They 'were
sent from many sources, and were a re
membrance of those who held the de
ceased in high esteem.
Policemen Bow in Sorrow.
The splendid organization which Chief
Sullivan had commanded attended the
funeral in a body. It guarded tbo ru
SCENES AT FUNBRAL OF LATE CHIEF OF POLICE WILLIAM P. SULLIVAN JR.
mains, and the members stood with un
covered heads as the hearse bearing its
late Chief passed through the lines.
The streets In the vicinity of the Sulli
van residence were crowded with people
long before the hour set for the funeral.
Hundreds marched silently through the
darkened home at 209 Central avenue to
take a last look at the dead." At 10 o'clock
the remains were borne to St. Agnes
Church, within a few blocks of the house,
and the requiem mass was celebrated.
Rev. Father William Kerby was cele
brant, Rev. Father Moran deacon, Rev.
Father Comerford sub-deacon, and Rev.
Father Cullen master of ceremonies. An
augmented choir rendered hymns appro
priate to the occasion. The eulogium of
the dead was delivered by Father Cullen.
He was an intimate friend of deceased
and his address moved his auditors, 'v.
tears. It was a simple narration of
Colonel Sullivan's life in the community.
He recalled the events in his honorable
career, and set them up as examples for
the youths of the city to follow. In part
he said:
We gather this morning to pay our last re
spect to one who has rought his good flght,
who has finished his business, who has kept
his faith, and we trust in the mercy of God
he may receive the crown of Justice as his re
ward.
We come to this house of God Irrespective
of religious differences and we lay aside po
litical differences. We gather around his bier
to show by our presence the appreciation we
held for him whose life Is now spent. The
presence of the city officials must be inter
preted as a sanction and approval of work well
performed, of a duty well done. The pt-esence
of numerous friends testifies the appreciation
they held for deceased. Yet there 13 another
motive for which we gather here, and that is to
show by our presence that ye sympathize with
his widow and bereaved family. From this
sanctuary in the name of friendship and re
ligion we offer that consolation that friendship
and religion bring to the heart made sad by
the hand of death.
His Life Good and Pure.
It Is not necessary to go over the life of de
ceased. His history has t*en written In the
past. You have heard of his ups and downs
in the business world; you are all familiar
with his service in the' National Guard, in the
office of the Mayor and in command of the
Police Department. Perhaps to many of you
his greatest service will be measured by his
work as commander of the League of the Cross
Cadets. You know well what he did there:
how he fought for temperance and right liv
ing. In the young men among you there are
many who claim him as an example. They
could do no better. His life was good and
pure. At home he was kind and gentle; In
.public he served honestly and well. He left
undone nothing that seemed to him right. The
city has lost a benefactor. Let us hope and.
trust that the men who copy his life of purity,
temperance and uprightness may prove them
Continued on Page Two.
FILIPINOS ARE ROUTED
BY AMERICAN CAVALRY
Captain Hartman's Troop Surprises Force of
Four Hundred Insurgents in R fie Pits
at Buean and Kills Sixteen of Them
MANILA, Nov. 13.-Captain Hart
man's troops of the First Cav
alry early this morning sur
prised 400 insurgents at Buean,
in Batangas Province, South
west Luzon. Half the insurgents were
armed with rifles. They were prepared
for an attack, and were in rifle pits. The
cavalry attacked the insurgents on the
flank, killing sixteen of them, wounding
five, and capturing nine rifles. The in
surgents broke and ran. the cavalry pur
suing them.
Two large boatloads of arms are re
ported to have been landed on the south
ern part of Batangas Peninsula and taken
to Durangan. Major West, stationed in
that locality, is trying to find these arms.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-General Chaf
fee reports to the War Department the
following casualties since the last report,
dated September 12:
In engagement near Candelaria. Luzon,
September 2— Allen Crockett, lieutenant,
Twenty-first Infantry, killed in action.
In engagement near San Antonio, Sa
mar, September I— Jacob Stettler, Ninth
Infantry, chest, mortal.
In engagement at Iloilo. Luzon, Septem
ber B— William Rice, Eighth Infantry, hip,
severe.
In engagement at Jagua, Bohul. Sep
tember 4— Howard M. Reily. Nineteenth
Infantry, chest, slight: Andrew S. Roman,
captain, Nineteenth Infantry, leg. slight;
I James Carter, Nineteenth Infantry, leg,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
severe: Benjamin F. Davidson. Nineteenth
Infantry, leg, slight; Peter W. Scan!on>
sergeant, Nineteenth Infantry, thigh,
slight. ¦ pfK
While the War Department has not
been advised of the reported step to se
cure the release of Aguinaldo from cap
tivity through a writ of habeas corpus,
they are prepared for a move in that < 1 1 —
rection. A few weeks ago the ftr3t appli
cation of this kind was made in the ease
of a military prisoner, and as there was
seme indication of a disposition on the
part of the Philippine Commission to up
hold the right of habeas corpus in that
case the department was obliged to cable
some instructions both to General Chaffeo
and v to the commission.
The department officials have depre
cated the making: of an issue of this im
portant point, pending the decision of tho
Supreme Court in the "Fourteen Diamond
Rings Case," involving th.- question as to
'whether the constitution follows the flag.
Up "to this time there has been no real
test of the right of appjal from the Phil p
pine courts to the Federal court 3 her»,
nor of the right of habeas corpus in the?
Philippines. As far as Aguinaldo is con
cerned, it is said that his captivity is only
nominal. The only evidence of it consists
in the appearance by his side of an army
officer when he visits the town. Other
,wise he is free to go anywhere.
The transport Buford, which is bringing
two battalions of the Twenty-third In
fantry home from the Philippines, has ar
. rived at ' Gibraltar, and is due at' New
'York on the 27th.2
MEN OF MONEY
SEE ROOSEVELT
Urge the Importance of
Reciprocity With
Canada.
President Is Cordial and Ex
presses Hope That Con
gress Will Take Action.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13. —A distin
guished body representing- the commer
cial organizations of New York, Boston,
Buffalo, Pittsburg, Cleveland, Indianapo
lis and Cincinnati called upon the Presi
dent to-dry to urge the importance oi
reciprocity with Canada. The delega
tion consisted of J. R. Leeson, W. B.
Bianey and E. G. Preston, representing
the Chamber ot Commerce of Boston;
Gustavc H. Schwab, chairman, and Isi
dor Strauss and S. P. Webb of the com
mittee on foreign commerce and revenue
Jaws of the Cnamber of Commerce, o.
the State of New York; Dewitt C. Dam
meter of the Detroit Mercnants'- Associa
tion; J. T. McHugh of the Cincinnati
Chamber of Commerce; D. N. Ransdell,
representing the Indianapolis Chamber oi
Commerce; M. S. Greenough of the Cleve
land Chamber of Commerce; C. H. Keep
of Buffalo, representing the Lake Car
riers' Association; Frederick W. Wooda
of the Baltimore Chamber of Commete 5 ,
and George H. Anderson of the Pitts
burg Chamber of Commerce.
Leeson of Boston acted as spokesman
for the party. He told the President that
next to ureat Britain and Germany the
trade of Canada with tne Lnitea states
represented more in money to the nmnu
lacturers and producers of the United
biates that- of any other country,
and that unless sometning was done to
further that trade in the way ot reciprocal
concessions ail of it mignt De endan
gered.
Leaves It to Congress.
The President received the delegation
cordially, He said that he did not need
to be reminded of the importance of a
question to which he had given mucn
tnought and attention. He said. However,
that he did not think it proper for him
to express a preference lor reciprocity
with one particular country; that the
whole subject ¦was being canvassed, and
he hoped that -something could be done
at the approaching session of Congress.
He added that the organizations repre
sented could do much uy bringing influ
ence to bear upon their representatives
in Congress.
Arrangements were made at the White
House to-day for the reception next week
by the President of a representative com
mittee from the reciprocity convention
which will meet at the Haleigh".HQt._'l
Tuesday, Wednesday and Tnursday.
About. 50u delegates, representing commer
cial bodies from all parts of the country,
are expected to be present. The call for
the convention is to discuss the expedi
ency and practicability of a broader ap
plication of the ' principle of commercial
reciprocity as a means of expanding thj
foreign markets tor American products.
Porto Rican Affairs.
Dr. Jose C. Barbarossa, manager of
the executive council, and L. Sanchez.
Morales of the House of Delegates of
Porto Rico talked with the President to
day about Porto Rican affairs. They
told the President that the economic con
ditions in the island were improving but
that the most pressing problem was that '
for the protection of the coffee industry,
which had been treated fully in the me
morial sent to the President by the Cham- I
ber of Commerce of San Juan. They
complimented Governor Hunt and the
other officials on the work they wer-j
doing.
Joel M. Long and former Judge Marti i
L. Pipes of Portland, Ore., saw the Presi
dent to-day and brought to his attention
the Lewis and Clark exposition, which ii
is proposed to hold at Portland in 19J5 to
commemorate the discovery of that part
of the United States.
The team of horses purchased for Pres
idem Koosevelt in Baltimore yesterday
has arrived at the White House stables.
The President is much pleased with their
appearance. They are fine, high-stepping,
stylish-looking animals and fulfill th-3
President's idea of a carriage team. They
were tried for the first time this after
noon, when the President and his daugh
ter, Miss Alice Roosevelt, took a drive be
hind them.
KING EDWARD'S
TREE AT TOMB
Replaces the Chestnut
Planted as Tribute
to Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. H.
W . WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— When King
Edward VII traveled through America as
the Prince of Wales he planted a chest
nut tree at Mount Vernon. This died
and he lately requested that an English
live oak be planted in place of tht dead
chestnut tree.
This request has been carried out and
a sturdy little oak tree is growing now
directly in front of the tomb of Wash
ington, fenced in by an iron railing. It
is growing finely, and there is every rea
son for hoping that historic Mount Ver
non will at least have a souvenir of the
then Prince of Wales' visit to this coun
try.
Site for National Friends' Colony.
PENDLETON. Ind., Nov. 13.— The com
mittee of National Friends, headed by
John L. Thomas of this city, who went to
Colorado recently to select land for a
National Friends colony, have returned.
They purchased 4000 acres in Prowers
County. Colorado, on the Santa Fe Rail
road, near Holly. They believe it is well
suited to sugar beet or canteloup* cul-
The colony will be organized as
rapidly as possible. The following officers
have been chosen :
Edward Cole, Bloomtngton, 111. presi
dent: Morris Wilson. Magnolia, 111., sec
retary: John L. Thomas, Pendleton Ind
treasurer; Daniel Bryce, Kansas, general
manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.STOMACH
Sitters
The Bitters is th? best medicine for
the stomach, blood and nerves.
It p:rt?cts digestion and cures
, Dyspepsia, Constipation, Bil-
iousness, flatulency and
Malaria, Fever and Ag-ue.
Don't fail to try it
MADAME SEMBRICH IN "LA TRAVIATA"
WINS GREATEST TRIUMPH IN YEARS
Since Days of Patti
No Such Singing
Listened to Here
An Enthusiastic Scene
Is Witnessed in
the Opera- House
AFTER hearing the exquisite sing
ing- of Madame Sembrich In the
Verdi creation, "La Traviata,'
last evening it is no exaggeration
to say that the artistic work of
the diva stamps her as the great
est singer in the world.
Not since the days when Adellna Patti
filled the Grand Opera-house to its capa
city has any such vocalization been
heard in San Francisco as was listened
to last night by those who attended the
third night of the Grau season.
San Francisco must indeed be behind
the timts when it rewards an artist of
Madame Sembrich's standing with , a
house little more than half filled. Ju#t
why the elite of this city should signal
out a few evenings of the season and al
low the other performances to be "off
nights" is incomprehensible. If the grand
opera performances are to be judged, en
tirely on their merits, then the vast audi
ence that gathered on the first night of
the season to hear "Lohengrin" should
have been duplicated last night.
If San Francisco really wants grand
opera as presented in the capitals of the
world, it must do better than it has done
in the past two nights in the matter of
attendance.
Many Empty Seats Seen.
"Lohengrin" on Monday night was
grand, but "La Traviata" last evening
was essentially great. Those who attend
ed the performance of '"La Traviata" did
so because they are lovers of music. They
came early and did not • disturb their
neighbors by proceeding to their seats
whue the opera was in progress.
There was little of the nrst night glit
ter in the Grand Opera-house wnen
Madame Sembrich stepped on the stage
in the role of the luckless Violetta. Tnere
were many handsome gowns in the audi
ence, but the red plush of empty seats in
boxes, orchestra and dress circle must be
considered a reproach to those who
should have occupied the seats.
Even the curious of the masses who
gathered in front of the opera-house on
Monday night to watch the guests arrive
were not as numerous last night, and the
police had but little trouble in keeping
a clear passage for carriages.
1 be representatives of society who were
at the opera last night came to listen and
enjoy the performance. Not a note of
Verdi's charming creation was missed.
There was no subdued conversation dur
ing the acts, and the desire to see who
was present was reserved for the inter
missions. Madame Sembrich held her
audience as if spellbound and society
small talk was a second consideration.
Sembrich Wins a Triumph.
The scene of enthusiasm that greeted
the diva at the end of the first act was
remarkable for its intensity. Men and
women rose from their seats and shouted
applause at the smiling and bowing ging
er. Again and again was the curtain
raised, but the plaudits increased in vol
ume. The duet "Follie, sempre libera
degg-'io," had touched all hearts, and
every nerve in the audience was strained
to its limit.
For the fifth time Sembrich was called
to the stage, but the applause would not
cease. Good-naturedly, the diva broke all
traditions of grand opera and once again
the audience listened to the angelic voice
of the singer. Sembrich, who last season
was obliged to terminate her engagement
in thie city owing to illness, is not likely
to forget her reception of last night, nor
will there be any empty seats when she
sing? on Saturday afternoon in "Faust."
The balance of the cast of "Traviata"
presented no new faces last night. Sa
lignac has been heard here before with
Melba, and he is one of the dramatic ten
ors whom Grau prizes. He shared honors
with Sembrich and was accorded consid
erable applause. Campanari was in fine
voice, and the work of the chorus and or
CAUGHT ROBBING
IN POKER GAME
New York Lawyer Re
signs From Manhat
tan Club.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Charged with
suspicious transactions at cards, a mem
ber of the Manhattan Club and promi
nent lawyer with Western railroad con
nections has been given an opportunity
to resign.
Six were in a poker game. All were
well known members of high standing in
business and social life. As the hours
dragged along luck seemed to trend too
much in one direction.
A participant in the game became con
vinced that some peculiar methods were
being pursued and he determined to take
the earliest opportunity of exposing the
man whom he believed to be pjaying un
fairly. He persuaded another one of the
players to change places with him, and
by this ruse obtained ji seat at the table
directly opposite the man he was watch
ing. The watcher declares he saw the
suspected player slip a card from the
bottom of the deck in a jackpot draw.
With a quick movement and before the
hand could be lifted, the watcher reached
across and pinned the five cards to the
table. me dealer. deeply confused
seemed to be unable to speak for a mo
ment. The other -four gentlemen gasped
with astonishment and waited for an ex
planation.
'•When the cards were cut," said the
gentleman who was still holding the five
p ctfcboards to the taole, "I caught a
glimpse of the bottom card. It was the
queen of clubs. In helping your hand I
saw you slip the card from the bottom
It Is the uppermost one of these cards
that I stopped you from picking up. If
that card is not the queen of clubs, and
if it does not improve your hand, I will
apologise to you and to the gentlemen
present and I will resign from the Man
hattan Club. If it is tne queen of clubs
I will insist that you leave the club."
The cards were then turned face up
ward on the table and were found to be
five clubs, with the queen of clubs the
one drawn to complete the flush.
All six of the players were on their feet.
One of them slipped across the room an^
locked the door.
The suspected player finally admitted
that he had pursued unfair ' methods
Paper, pens and ink were sent for and
his resignation was immediately drawn
and signed.
TURKEY QUICKLY SETTLES
WITH AUSTRIA-HUNGARY
Porte Agrees to Right Wrongs of
Armenian Victims and Pay
Their Claims.
VIENNA, Nov. 13. — The numerous
grievances of Austria-Hungary against
Turkey have been settled by the agree
ment of the Porte to pay 90,000 francs to
the Armenian victims and by adjusting
financially and otherwise, the wrongs
arising from other matters of disput*
This includes the claims of the Oriental
Railway Company.
It was the .purpose of Austria-Hungary
to adopt effective measures had not the
Porte yielded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
chestra was faultless. Seppilli handled the
orchestra in skillful manner, and, with the
soloists, received due reward of applause.
Enjoyed a Musical Feast.
All in all, last night's performance of
"Traviata" was one of the best heard in
San Francisco in twenty years. Those
who heard it enjoyed a musical feast,
while those who should have listened to
it will regret their absence when they
hear of it from their friends.
To-night "Tannhauser" will be sung,
with Madame Eames as Elizabeth, Van
Dyck as the hero and Bispham as Wolf
ram. Madame Louise Reuss-Belce, as
Venus, will make her first appearance,
RATHBUN ADDS
TO HIS STORY
Says His Wife at Little
Rock Knew of Plan
to Swindle.
LOUISVILLLE, Ky., Nov. 13.— New
features to-day in the case of Newell C.
Rathbun, held here on a charge of deser
tion from the united States Army, and
suspected of the murder of Charles Good
man, who was found dead last Thursday
in a Jeffersonville, Ind., hotel, were Rath
bun's statement to the police that his wife
at Little Rock had known of his plan to
defraud the insurance company, though
not of th*e murder feature of it; the de
cision to have the corpse of the supposed
Goodman returned to Jeffersonville for
an autopsy and identification; the an
nouncement from Washington that the
War Department had directed to send
Rathbun to Jeffersonville and turn him
over to the Indiana authorities, and the
refusal of the local authorities to send
Rathbun to Little Rock to testify at the
Coroner's inquest over the corpse that
was shipped there. They say Rathbun will
go nowhere except to Jeffersonville, where
he is to be tried on the charge of murder
ing Charles Goodman. A telegram was
sent to Little Rock to-da"y, asking. th;it
the corpse be returned to Jeffersonvillle.
A telegram has been received from the
Chief of Police of Evansville, Ind., stating
that Goodman was a resident of Cripple
Creek, Col., where he was a brass worker.
When asked for his opinion as to the
claim made by Mrs. Rathbun that the
corpse shipped to Little Rock was that
of her husband, Rathbun laughed and re
marked:
"Maybe it is his corpse."
Thiß is all be would say on the subject.
Dr. Benson Little of Jeffersonville, who
was present at the autopsy upon Good
man's body, says he will swear that laud
anum was in Goodman's stomach in large
quantities.
The Louisville police to-day began send
ing all over the United States photo
graphs and a description of Rathbun, in
an effort to positively identify him.
PRISONER TAKEN TO INDIANA.
Charge of Murder Entered Against
Rathbun at JefEersonville.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 13.— Rathbun
was to-night taken across the river to
JefEersonville, Ind., and placed in jail
charged with murder.
Football Game Receipts.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 13.—
Treasurer Edwards of the Associated
Students says that the receipts from the
sale of tickets for the intercollegiate foot
ball game last Saturday approximate
$19,000. This shows a falling off of $6000
from the amount taken in at last year's
game on Thanksgiving day, the receipts
then being $25,195. While the amount re
ceived has not been so great this year as
last, the mutual expenses of the two uni
versities also will be less.
. To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure.
E. W. "Grove's signature is on sach box, 25c. •
and Miss Fritzi-Scheff has consented to
sing the role of the Shepherd, owing to
the indisposition of Miss Carrie Bride
well. Darnrosch will lead the orchestra.
To-morrow evening "Die Walkure" will
be sung, with Gadski, Schumann-Heink,
Homer, Fritzi-Scheff, Bauermeister, Van
Cauteren and Reuss-Belce in the female
roles, while Dippel, Blass and Bispham
wHI sing the leading male characters.
Saturday afternoon "Faust" will be
given, and as Madame Sembrich is to
sing Marguerite the house should be
filled to the doors. Dippel, Edouard de
Reszke. Louise Homer and Campanari will
be in the cast.
Sybil Sanderson makes her first appear
FUNERAL OF CHIEF W. P. SULLIVAN
Continued From Page One.
selves worthy of the example that he has given.
Pray for him; pray that he may go to that
rest that knows no disturbanoe; that his may
be the rest of the righteous— the rest that comes
In that heaven where unklndness and Injustice
can never again wound his generous heart.
At the conclusion of the reauiem mass
the flower-bedecked coffin was borne to
the hearse by Police Sergeants Henry
Gleeson, John T. Green, Clarence Coogan,
John G. Ayers. H. J. Wright and Charles
McDonald.
The First California Volunteer Regiment
band played a funeral dirge, and headed
by an escort of mounted policemen and
Colonel O'Neil and staff, the cortege
wound its way down Oak street. The pro
cession was a long one. Fully 3000 men
were in line and more than 100 carriages,
containing the family, relatives and
friends.
Following the commander of the regi
ment was the First Battalion, in com
mand of Major Filmer. At the head of
the stalwart soldiers marched Father Mc-
Quaide, chaplain of the regiment. Next
in line were the staff and line officers of
the League of the Cross Cadets. Then
came the hearse and the honorary pall
bearers. Among the latter were:
Mayor James D. Phelan. Captain John F.
Seymour, Police Commissioners Howell. Ma
honey, George A. Newhall and Judge William
T. Wallace. General Dickinson. General War
field, Fire Commissioner Rolla V. Watt, Sheriff
Lackmann. District Attorney Lewis F. Bylng
ton, Election Commissioner Jeremiah Deasy,
Supervisors Booth, Brandensteln, Braunhart,
Curtis, Connor and Wilson. Superior Judges F.
H. Dunne and Frank Muraskey, Police Judges
Cabaniss and Fritz, Commissioners of the
Board, of Public "Works Manson and Maisrulre,
Dr. Hansen, Major Dorn, Captain Bush,
Charles W. Fay. Colonel W, J. Halstead, Cap
tain A. J. Dunleavy, representing the Police
Department; Colonel J. F. Bergen, represent
ing the Second Brigade staff. N. G. C. ; Secre
tary Cadwallader of the .Police Commission;
Joseph S. Tobin, chairman Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors; Chief Dennis T.
Sullivan. San Francisco Fire Department; J.
E. Sullivan, Chief of Police of Sacramento; St
Clair Hodgklns, Chief of Police of Oakland;
J. D. Gall. Chief of Police of Stockton; J. A.
Kid ward. Chief of Ponce of San Jose; Charles
Elton, Chief of Police of Los Angeles; Arthur
Williams, aid to deceased as colonel of the
First Regiment, N. O. C. ; Drs. Williamson ami
Buckley, representing the Board of Health ;
George Hazen, Cnited States Secret Service
Agsnt, and Witlfam A. Plnkerton. ex-Chiefs of
Police Lees end Crowley, Dr. John Gallwey,
Colonel Chadbourne, General William R. Shat
ter, Dr. iAistlg, Phil Fay an(J Dr - McCarthy.
Following the pallbearers came the
police department. Every man's star was
draped and all wore white gloves. Cap
tain Wittman led the police. Captain Nor
man followed. Lieutenant Blrdsall com
manded Company. A and was assisted by
Lieutenant John Martin. Captain Spillane
commanded Company B. Sergeant Cook
was in charge of the officers stationed on
the water front. -Lieutenants Price and
Anderson marshaled the Mission,police
men. Lieutenant Mooney was in charge
of the Ocean View squad. More than 400
uniformed men were in line and the po
lice made an imposing display. Next
came the members of the Society of
Widows and Orphans, which is a part of
the department. In the ranks were men
who have beeti retired for Injuries sus
tained in service or from advanced age.
Numerous handsome floral pieces were
received and three wagons were necessary
to remove them to Holy Cross Cemetery.
Each division of the police force sent a
floral piece. That of Company D was a
broken vase, with the motto. "God's
noblest work— an honest man." That of
Company A was a great vase of chrysan
themums and ferns and that of Company
B was a shield constructed in the form'
of a badge, which was the emblem of au
thority of the Chief of Police. The League
of the Cross' tribute was an Immense
pillow of violets. - Charles Fair sent a
FAMOUS SINGERS WHO APPEAR
ED IN THE LEADING ROLES OF
"LA TRAVIATA" LAST NIGHT.
PROGRAMME
THIS EVENING
IS ATTRACTIVE
"TAUNHATJSEB/'
By Richard Wagner.
Elisabeth.. Mme. Emma Eames
Em Hirt....Miss Fritzi Scheff
Venus
.Mme. Louise Renss-Belce
Tannhauser. . . .Mr. Van Dyck
Herman I. Mr. Blass
Walther .... Mr. Jacques Bars
Heinrich Mr. Beiss
Biterolf Mr. Muhlmann
Reinmar Mr. Viviani
Wolfram Mr. Bispham
Conductor, Mr. Walter Dani
rosch.
ance Saturday night in "Manon," and on
Sunday r.irrht "La Boheme" is to be sung
at popul prices.
RELATIVES SEEK
ELOPING COUPLE
O. E. Howard Is Being
Sought For by Po
lice of This City.
An eloping couple from Colusa are being
sought for by the police of this city.
Their names are Clarence Eugene How
ard and Lottie Shields, a prepossessing
young woman, who has not passed her
eighteenth year. Miss Shields Is the
niece of Mrs. Jane Baker,' a prominent
resident of Colusa.
Some time ago Howard, who is de
scribed as a gay Lothario, arrived in Co
lusa and was given employment by the
electric light company of that city. He
was introduced to Miss Shields, and, ac
cording to the dispatch in the hands of
Captain Seymour, he fell desperately in
love with her. He was a frequent visitor
at her home and she seemed to have re- j
ciprocated his affections.
Last Monday, the young woman was
sent by her aunt to buy some medicine
lor Mr. Baker, who was sick. After re
turning she was in tears, and when asked
for an explanation of her grief said that
the druggist from whom sne bought the
medicine had informed her that hor
brother was down with typhoid fever and
that she feit it her duty to go to his bed
side. Mrs. Baker, not suspecting any
thing wrong, told her to go and not re
turn all night in case her brother was
seriously ill.
Taking her wrap and some other fem
inine apparel with her, the young woman
after kissing her aunt good-by. left pre
sumably for her parents' home. As she
did not return the following day Mrs.
Baker became suspicious and started an
investigation. To her intense surprise
she learned that Miss Shields, instead of
returning to her home to nurse her sup
posed sick brother, had eloped with How
ard. Subsequent developments showed
that the young woman, after leaving the
home of her aunt, met Howard by prear
rangement and together they djove to
Marysville.
As they purchased tickets for this city
the police are satisfied that the elopers
are here, notwithstanding that the regis
ters of the various hotels and lodging
houses fail to reveat their names. As the
girl is under age it is the intention of her
relatives to have Howard arrested. Cap
tain Seymour last night said that he was
satisfied that Howard is in this city and
that he was likely to be arrested at any
minute.
wreath of maidenhair fern in white roses
and the Board of Public Works a pillow
of white roses. Ex-Chief Crowley sent
a pillow of violets. Ex-Chief ¦ L«es sent
a pillow of roses and ferns. The Fire De
partment sent the face of a clock, outlined
in chrysanthemums and roses. The de
partment of electricity sent the represen
tation of a police patrol box and Mayor
Phelan a broken column. One of the most
beautiful offerings was that of Company
D. Another beautiful design was a
broken column cf violets and roses, bear
ing the inscription, "A tribute to fidelity "
It was sent by the Board of Supervisors
There was a sad scene at the grave
The services were simple and many leara
were shed.
\
Entire Production Is
Rendered in a Pure
and Faultless Style
Audience Remains Till
Fail of the Cur
tain in the Last Act
Blanche Partington
I HARDLY know where and how to
begin to express my sense of the
beauty of last evening's performance
of "La Traviata'" at the Grand
Opera-house. The house was com- |
paratively light, but be it understood
these who missed last night's opera
missed one of the greatest performances j
all round that has ever been given—any
where, one might venture to say. One
cannot afford to miss anything Mr. Grau
offers, though in comparing one perform
ance with another, he naturally is not al
ways on the same level. But they are all
richly worth hearing, and a thousand
times more than we exiles from the artis
tic latitudes have any right to expect, j
But last night's opera so far "takes the
cake"— l should say if I dared, and I will
dare— and mostly through the vivid charm
and incomparable vocalism of Marcella j
Sembrich. Not even the greatest ad
mirers of Verdi's genius claim any special
eminence for -'.La Traviata," and most
folks look upon it, with not too striking
injustice, simply as a vehicle for the ex- j
hibition of the lyric soprano's vocal ma
chinery, bXit "L-a Traviata" has its raison
d'etre so long as there is Marcella Sem
brich to sing it. That Mme. Sembrich and
her gifted conferes should have made of
the material the pure and perfect gem
that they gave us last night is, therefore,
the more remarkable, and it is surely now j
ranged with the never-to-be-forgotten
things of one's experience.
Sembrich is incomparable. I do not
thin... there is anywhere a singer who can
touch her in the pure art of bel canto.
She sings with laughable ease, the lucent,
silken notes rippnng forth without the
slightest appearance of effort. Vv hat is
it Meredith says of the lark? "He drops
the silvery chain of sound of many links
without a break." The Meredith melody
sounds like Sembrich's scales, and those
gorgeous trills that end the first act in a
joyous ripple. Larkhke in its purity the
singer's voice is and the most periectly
used vocal instrument that I have ever
heard. It is clear as a bell, it has the
flute quality— a flute in love! It has every
beauty that one can imagine in the most
beautiful of all instruments, the human
voice, and to hear it is the greatest priv
ilege for the student of singing that is
likely to come his way for moons a
many. Nor is this all. Sembrich has
charm and fascination as an actress, and
she seems one of the friendliest creatures
that ever smiled at an audience. She
was immediately en rapport with the \
house that encored her insistently after
the first curtain went down and did her
the unusual honor to forget its hat until
the last elate, liquid note floated across j
the footlights. Sembrich roused the house
as houses have not been roused by any
singer since Patti's time, and she is un
doubtedly the biggest vocal fact of the
present grand opera season. Those who
heard the singer in "II Barbiere ' on the \
occasion of her last visit here are de- I
lighted to find their prophesies fulfilled, j
ana Sembrich's next appearance will i
probably be the signal for an old-time
ovation. She responded most graciously
to the clamorous encore that followed the
first act's close, and also came out to
bow acknowledgment to an insistent final
curtain call.
It was Mr. Salignac'- first appearance
lait night, and he did excellent work in
the not too grateful part of Alfredo. Mr.
Sallgnac's voice is not wholly pleasing.
It has a certain reediness of quality that
sometimes offends, and neither is it al
ways exactly .on pitch, but the voice is
sympathetic and powerful, and the sing
er has an ample dramatic sense that lift
ed his part to distinction last night. His
concerted work with Mme. Sembrtth was
intimately sympathetic, the ensemble
being almost perfect. Salignac improved
steadily with the progress of the opera,
and his last efforts were quite worthy of
th j distinguished company in which he
found himself. Campanari was the Ger
mont of the evening, and though the part
is not one that strongly calls out hts
peculiar genius, the favorite barytone
was an admirable figure. Mme. Van Cau
teren and Miss Bauermeister did useful
and artistic service as Flora and An
nina,» and Gilibert. Vanni, Dufriche and
Bars undertook the rest of the parts with
amply satisfactory results.
Seppilli— whom, I find, I wrote "Flon"
on Tuesday evening— conflucted to ad
miration, witlr-spirit, power and precision,
and the chorus work was excellent
throughout. The first violin got an un
accustomed hand, by the way. for a de
licious little intermezzo before the second
act. played with much grace of feeling,
and the whole orchestra was entirely de
lightful. So ends the third chapter of the
grand opera season, and like Oliver Twist
we now ask for more. To-nijeht we enter
again the Waerner domain with "Tann
hauser" and Eames, Scheff. Reuss-Belce,
Van Dyck, Bispham and Blass are of the
company.
ISSUES AN" APPEAL
TO GRAIN-GROWERS
George "W. Pierce Urges Them to
Become Members of the State
Association.
MADERA. Nov. 13.— George W. Pierce,
chairman of the recent convention of
grain growers in Sacramento, has issued
an address to the farmers of California.
They are urged to become members of the
association of grain growers, having for
its chief object the obtaining of lower
, freight rates on California grain shipped
to foreign markets. The fee assessed upon
each person who joins is but $5. Chairman
Pierce says:
"W. F. Ford and others are now canvassing
the State, and I earnestly beg that you give
them your names and subscriptions. Every
thoughtful man realizes that unless relief Is
given the grain growers, and that speedily,
grain growing in California will soon suffer
serious curtailment In organization only dots
there seem to be any prospect of relief. It is
hoped that by January, 1902. the preliminary
work will Cc completed, and then a conventfon
will be called of all subscribing farmers for
the puipose of perfecting an organization.
At that convention it is proposed to take
such legal steps as are necessary to form an
organization of those California grain growers
who have subscribed and paid So each under
the terms of the circular issued by the con
ventinn held on September 23 last. The object
ot thPt association will be to secure lower
freight rates on grain. This it Is proposed to
do by obtaining bonds and contracts fron.
grain growers until at least one-third of the
wheat crop can be diverted to such route or
I routes as will transport the grain at lowest
rates. These contracts, it Is believed, should
not be made for a longer term than five years
Having thus in our control a large amount
of freight we will be in a posit ->n to secure
the best possible freight rates.
It Costs Nothing to Try an
Abfou c Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
fe£J\M^p^ Throat;
$IOW?^j^tKNMM. Lungs,
TREAT THE CAUSE (THE GERMS)
The only way to do this is with the Cottin*
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invent*,]
and tented by - evented
DR. COTTINGHAM^
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUN'Q
, ~ DISEASES, **U.NU
204 gutter St., NW. Cor. of Kearny
FKKE— Absolutely free Examination and one
week treatment Riven to convince yon of the
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 test
cases.. % per cent cured. Try it . FREE and be
convinced while you can. Call at once or write.
CAPTIVE'S LIFE
IS IN JEOPARDY
Fear Is Felt That Miss
Stone May Be Victim
of Delay.
American Consul's Conduct
Likely to Cause Bulgaria
to Escape Liability.
BERLIN, Nov. 13.— The Cologne GazetU
to-day contains a dispatch from Sofia.
Bulgaria, saying that it is feared that
Miss Ellen M. Stone, the American mis
sionary in the hands of the brigands, ha*
been murdered, owing to the delay in th«
payment of her ransom.
SOFIA, Nov. 13.— The Bulgarian offi
cials disclaim any intention to interfere
with Consul General Dickinson's prlvata
negotiations for the release of Miss Stona
from the hands of the brigands, but they
decline to become parties to an agreement
sanctioning brigands or the emissaries of
brigands coming into Bulgarian territory
to treat for the ransom of persons cap
tured in a neighboring State. In defense
of the interests of Bulgaria the offlctala
cannot show weakness toward the bri
gands or repudiate responsibility for th«
consequences. The Government would,
however, respect subject to .certain con
ditions, safe conducts granted by Dickin
son personally to private emissaries. It is
suggested that Dickinson give the bandns
a fixed tfme in which to accept th«
amount as the only means of bringing the
matter to a conclusion, inasmuch as th*
prestige of the United States is injured
by the present inconsequent negotiations.
Selling Stale News.
Hardly a day passes without person*
calling at the hotel where Dickinson ana
the newspaper correspondents are stay
ing with information tp sell regarding ;ne
case. This is either stale or fabrication-*.
A Greek priest yesterday introduced
himself with the statement that he had
met a Turkish officer with Miss Stone ani
Madame Tsilka near Pjummiabaia. He
added that the woman asked him to tell
people that he had seen them. This nc
t'on is a week old. Miss Stone's statement
in her letters that the movement of tno
troops compels Che brigands to Keep in
constant motion proves that the troops
ia" question must be Bulgarians, as the
Turkish troops in Macedonia are statum-
May Escape liability.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— Sach infor
mation as comes to the State Department
from Sofia and Constantinople is confirm
atory of the press reports of Dickinson *
negotiations with the Bulgarian Govern
ment touching Miss Stone's case. It .3
believed that the Consul- General s efforts
to secure Miss Stones release by negotia
tions with the brigands without interfer
ence by the Bulgarian Government will
be successful. It Is apprehended, howeve-.
that through his declination to permit
the Bulgarian Government to exert lU|
police authority to effect the capture ot
the kidnapers Dickinson may have ab
solved that Government from any legal
liability on account of the amount of
money which must b« paid over as ran
som to secure Mis 3 Stone" 3 release.
Californian3 in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— G. Chase, at Herald Square,
H Katz, at Albert; L. F. Kohl, at Hol
land; C. D. Taylor, at Imperial. From
Los Angeles— R. A. Thomas, at Pack Ave
nue; J. F. Kenealy, at Cadillac: F. Wisr
gins. Mrs. Wiggins, at Earllngrton. From
San Jose— F. E. Koenig. at Grand Union.
APVEB.TISS3TENTS.
KNOWS NO_DISTINCTION,
Rich and Poop Alike Suffer From
Catarrh in This Climate
All observant physicians have noticed the
enormous increase in catarrhal diseases
| in recent years, and the most liberal and
i enlightened have cheerfully given thetr
approval to the new internal rena«3y,
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, as the most
successful and by far the safest remedy
for catarrh yet produced.
One well known catarrh specialist, as
soon as he had' made a thorough test of
this preparation, discarded inhalers,
washes and sprays and now depends en-
tirely upon Stuart's Catarrh Tablets in
treating catarrh, whether In the head,
throat or stomach.
. Dr. Risdell says: "In patlent3 who had
lost the sense of smell entirely and even,
where the hearing has begun to be affect-
ed from catarrh I have had fine results
lifter only a few weeks' use of Stuart';*
Catarrh Tablets. I can only explain their
action on the theory that • the cleandin^
aijd antiseptic properties of the tablets
I destroy the catarrhal germs wherever
I lound, because I have found the tablets
1 equally valuable in "catarrh of the throat
i and stomach as in nasal catarrh."
Dr. Estabrook says. Stuart's Catarrh,
! Tablets are especially useful In nasal ca-
! tarrh and catarrh of the throat, clearing
I the membranes of mucus and speedily
i overcoming the hawking, coughing and
j expectorating.
Any sufferer from catarrh will find
Stuart's -Catarrh Tablets will *lvo imme-
diate relief, and being in tablet form and
! pleasant to the taste, are convenient nmi
always ready for use, as they can be car-
ried in the pocket and used at any time,
I as they contain no poisonous drugs, but
' only the cleansing antiseptic properties
1 of Eucalyptus bark, Guaiacol. blood root
j and Hydrastin.
All druggists sell the tablets at 50 cents
j for complete treatment.
OperaG lasses^
AND
Lorgnettes
NEW PARISIAN SHAPES.
The Ocularium.
*
.UKIIUAPp PhotoG** scientip|C
642 Market st. nstrumu«ts
tiN^fp cuaoMicti BuitaiNO. CaTAICGU£ Fftf C.YOUTH COMMITS
COWARDLY CRIME
Shoots Hunting Com
panion in the Back
and Robs Him.
Wounded Victim Saves His
Life in Desperate Fight
With Assassin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Nov. Murder was at
tempted and robbery committed on a
lonely mountain trail near the little min
ing town of Guadalupe, fourteen miles
southwest of this city, last night, and
Frank Newman of San Francisco is in the
County Jail charged with the crimes. M.
C Arps, the third mate of the steamer
Newport, which arrived at San Francisco
ten days ago from Panama, was his in
tended victim. That Arps is alive to tell
the story is no fault of Newman's, but
due simply to his own grit. That New
man intended to murder his man is shown
by the fact that when in rifling his vic
tim's pockets he discovered Arps was not
dead he started to reload his gun to shoot
again. Then Arps, by almost superhuman
efforts, obtained possession of his rifle
and fired at Newman, who ran away.
When arrested Newman had Arps' gold
watch and chain and $9 in his possession.
He admitted having shot Arps.
The attempt at murder and robbery was
a cowardly affair. Arps, who had gone
to the ranch of his nephew, Chris Raich,
near Guadalupe, to rest a few days, met
Newman, who was living with Joe Gildea
on an adjoining ranch. Yesterday after
noon the two started hunting together.
They went as far as Frohm, where Arps
treated his friend. About 5:30 o'clock
they started home together, and when
on a trail near the ranches where they
stopped Newman fell behind his friend
and shot him from behind, the charge of
shot striking him in the side and neck.
Fires a Second Time. s
Arps fell and Newman, standing over
him, emptied the other barrel of the gun
at the prostrate man, the shot grazing
Arps' face. Newman searched Arps'
pockets, taking his watch and chain and
«K< in mon?y.
Newman then returned to the ranch
where he was staying, end a few hours
later his conscience evidently troubled
him, for he procured n horse *.nd rode
into Guadalupe and surrendered himselt
to Deputy Sneriff PeSaye. who brought
him to the County Jail h*re at an early
hour this morning. In efvi;y? himself up
Newman declared that *Wps hud at
tempted to hold him u;\ anC that iie hMI
fired in defense. Sine riien is has con
tradicted himself and tried to pass the
tffair off as a drunken row.
M. C. Arps, the wounded man. was re
moved to the County Hospital to-day.
After he was shot he dragged hint it! f to
the Raich ranch. He was very weai I'rom
loss of blood and fainted six tixne-b on the
trail. He will recover.
Victim's Story of the Crime.
Arps' story of the crime makes it out
to have been an unusually cold-blooded
affair. He said he met Newman yester
day afternoon, and the latter invited him
to go rabbit hunting. Arps carried a
rifle and Newman a shotgun. They went
as far as Frohm, where they had a couple
of drinks.
"On my way back, just before the crime
occurred," says Arps, "Newman dropped
behind. A few seconds later he shot me,
the charge striking me in the shoulder and
face. I fell and he ran up to me. I was
conscious all the time, and saw from the
way he acted that he intended to rob me
I had changed a $10 piece in the Frohm
saJoon. and he evidently believed I had
more money. Seeing that he intended to
rob. I lay perfectly still, so he would be
lieve I was dead. Standing over me, he
tired another shot that grazed my face
and cut some of the flesh away.
"Newman then searched my pockets.
He hurt me in doing so, and I moved
Newman noticed this, and after getting
my watch and chain, started to put two
more cartridges into his gun, evidently
intending to finish me. Then I realize.!
it was a case cf fight or die. Staggering
to my feet, I picked up a rock, which I
threw at him. Newman was afraid of
me and ran into the brush. Finally I
found my rifle and fired a shot in the d' ¦
rection he had fled."
Newman's Queer Account. ,
Newman, who is but 19» years old has
parents residing at 673 Harrison street.
San Francisco. For awhile he was em
ployed as a teamster by Redington &
Co. On October 22 he went to Guadalup«
to spend rome time with Joe Gildea a
friend of his. He declares ho was intox
icated at the time of the shooting, and
does not know why he did it. When
brought to the jail Newman was sober,
so his story of being intoxicated is not
borne out.
To-day he said: "Arps was about
twenty feet ahead of me when I pulled
my gun up and shot. I don't know why I
did it, for I had no reason to. He had
not threatened me, nor pointed a gun at
me. As soon as I realized what I had
done I went an-I looked at him. I thought
him dead. Then I thought some one
would come along and rob the body and
accuse me of robbery, so I took his
watch and money. $9 45, intending to turn
it over to the officers when I surren
dered."
Newman tells several conflicting stories
He says he was never in trouble before,
except to be arrested for disturbing the
peace. • /
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" IMPOSSIBLE,
motherhood," says the doctor. Some-
times he qualifies the statement, and j
says : wlmpossiblew Impossible without an opera-
tion." Yet both these ''impossibles"
have been made possibles by the use !
of Dr. Pierce ' 6 Favorite Pre-
scription. Many times the j^hf^
hindrances to mother- ,^BBaa3lk
hood are to be found in /SJwHC^BiMt
womanly diseases or B&^^B
weaknesses, which >£ \
are perfectly and
permanently .^^K^S
cured by "Fa- m
vorite Pre- M
ecription." WrZ^ ,^w
This M *~ ' '
great >V< I fclfi WT
mcdi- ML cine
* -jSSiMtsSßßßiTiHifliHi for
Jfk V women ;
£1 K^ cures ir-
Jm regularity j
?%* S Vand dries
K\/ ] WWm \W debilitating
HP 1^ nJM WF drains. It heals
r/32^*, I^B inflammation and
i 1 iff Jdm ulceration, and
cures female weak-
» It makes weak
¦F" / WF women strong and sick
W ? W women ¦well.
) "I wish to add my testimony
¦': J._. \, 'to hundreds of others as to the
' value of Dr. Pierre's medicines," '¦
writes Mrs Ida M. Dc Ford, of Latona, Hubbard i
Co., Minn. " Have doctored with a great many
physicians — some specialists; have twice been
in a hospital for treatment. Mv case has been
regarded as a hopeless one. ana they knew not
what the trouble was. Heart was bad ; stomach :
ell out of order; tired out : severe pains in all j
parts of the body : sinking spells, and nearly |
every ailment a woman could have. I took I
many a bottle of ' patent medicines' without
effect. I began taking: Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre- \
Bcription. and ten months afterward I gave ;
birth to a ten-pound boy. All physicians had j
staled as a fact that I never could Dear a child.
Both the baby and myself were strong, and I j
A got along splendidly— thanks to your medicine.* j
T Th« Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages, in paper covers, is sent ,
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to j
pay expense of mailing only. Address
Or. K. V. Pierce. Buffalo, H. Y.
DERANGED MIND
PROMPTS SUICIDE
Joseph Has Brouck Ends
His Life at Kent
Station.
Mental Trouble Due to Over
work Responsible for
the Tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 13.— While suffer
ing from an attack of mental trouble,
Joseph Has Brouck, a respected resident
of this county, committed suicide in his
home at Kent Station at 10 o'clock this
morning. Has Brouck gave no warning
as to his intentions, but went to one of
the numerous log cabins on his premises
and, taking a shotgun, fired the fatal
shot. He had placed the muzzle of the
gun in his mouth and a terrible wound
resulted. Has Brouck had been very ill
for more than a year past. Overwork
and the need of rest wrecked his nervous
system.
Mr. Has Brouck was 62 years old and
well known in San Francisco. He was
connected with the Bancroft-Whitney
Law Publishing Company. He is sur
vived by a widow. His estate is large,
consisting of personal and real property.
Joseph Has Brouck had been leading
man in the firm of Sumner, Whitney &
Co. for years, when in 1885 it was consol
idated with Bancroft & Co. into the pres
ent firm of the Bancroft-Whitney Com
pany, of which he was a principal stock
holder, secretary and one of the three act
ive managers. He was married seven or
eight years ago to Miss Angenette Moyle.
He was a member of the Bohemian Club,
the Unitarian Club, and the Chit-Chat
Club, the well-known literary organiza
tion.
A year ago Mr. Has Brouck was strick
en with nervous prostration from over
work and too close application to busi
ness. He was given a year's leave of
absence, beginning the first of last De
cember, on full pay. Six months ago ho
resigned the secretaryship on account of
continued ill health.
F. P. Stone, president of the Bancroft-
Whitney Company, said last night:
"There could be no cause for his sui
cide except the loss of his mental vigor.
irae successful in business, ideally
happy in his home life, and without an
enemy in the world. He was generous by
instinct, and had a good word for every
one. He was truly one of God's noble
men. I talked to him only yesterday
morning by telephone, and he said he was
c every day and insisted that I
should come over and see him. He was
cheerful and happy and I am sure had
no thought then of taking his own life."
TIMBER WOLVES
TREE TWO MEN
Maintain Their Vigil for
a Day and a
Half.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
yANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 13.— Treed by
wolves for a day and a half was the re
markable experience of two Vancouver
prospectors who have just arrived from
the north. The men were Francis John
stone and R. Rankin, who have been
working all summer in various places in
the north. They came down from the in
terior and crossed over the channel to
Princess Royal Island. From the coast
they started packing supplies to a mine
on the mountain and it was while car
rying fresh meat that they were attacked
and were forced to run for their lives
from the wolves.
There were a score of large timber
wolves in the pack, and the men had only
time to run to the foot of a tree and
swing up into its branches. The wolves
tore their packs to pieces and a few min
utes later not a vestige of even the leather
straps remained. The men shouted at the
brutes and tried all kinds of ruses to
scare them away, but the animals only
sat on their haunches or shifted their po
sition from one side of the tree to the
other.
A snowstorm raged for several hours
and a heavy wind followed, but the
wolves still kept up their vigil through
the night and the next day. Hungry and
tired as the men were they dared not
move. That morning, however, their em
ployer at the camp started out to look for
them and finally rescued them, after
shooting a number of the wolves.
INSPECTION OF AXIENS
AT CANADIAN POETS
Foreigners Bound for United States
Must Be Supplied With
Certificates.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 13.—
Collector of Customs Heustis to-day re
ceived official advices from Washington
that the United States has entered into
an agreement with steamship and rail
road companies operating in the Dominion
of Canada whereby all aliens arriving in
Canada and destined for the United
States shall be inspected by United States
Commissioners to be appointed for that
purpose. The ports where such inspection
will take place are Halifax, Vancouver,
St. John and Victoria.
After aliens have been inspected the
Commissioner will issue a certificate to
them, which, upon presentation at any
place of entry to a United States immi
gration officer, will entitle them to entry
to the United States without any further
inspection. The companies are required
to pay $1 for each alien.
BOBMA2T E. NOGGLE
TAXES CABBOLIC ACID
Fon of an Oakland Citizen Commits
Suicide Because He Is Out of
Funds.
OLTMPIA, "Wash., Nov. 13.— Borman
E. Noggrle, who registered from San
Francisco at the Olympia Hotel on Mon
day, committed suicide by taking: car
bolic acid some time during last night.
Not having been seen during the day,
the proprietor called him for dinner. Get
ting no response, he entered the room
and found Nog^le lying dead on the bed.
Two empty carbolic acid bottles were on
the table. No money was found, but
there were several letters from Noggle's
father, written on United States Mint
letterheads from San Francisco and
signed "D. L. N."
Noggle was apparently 26 years of age
and had on his person a number of pawn
tickets for goods nawned in Seattle. He
had asked his father for money and the
letters indicate that the latter refused to
send it. The father resides in Oakland.
Noggle is a son of Borman L. Noggle,
who holds the position of receiving clerk
in the I'nited States Mint in this city. The
family is well known in Oakland, but re
moved to this side of the bay a few days
ago.
Defaulter Will Effect a Settlement.
PORT HURON, Mich., Nov. 13.— 1t is
now believed that Charles D. Thompson,
the defaulting supreme finance keeper of
the Supreme Tent, Knights of the Macca
bees, will effect a settlement of his $60,000
shortage. He already has $30,000 in sight,
it is said. Thompson's attorney and Su
preme Counselor Aitken of the Macca
bees have been at work for two days en
deavoring to effect a settlement. The
money, however, will not be turned over
to the order by Thompson's friends until
his attorney has assurances that there
will be no prosecution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901..
EASTERN PASSENGER AGENTS TASTE
OF HOTEL CORONADO'S HOSPITALITY
Visiting Railroad Men Tender Handsome Souvenirs to Three Popu
lar Santa Fe Officials in Recognition of the Splendid Treat
ment Accorded Them -While Traveling to the Golden State
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 13.— The delegates
to the American Association of
Traveling Passenger Agents ar
rived her.c this evening on a spe
cial train from Los Angeles. They
closed their convention yesterday and will
now spend a short time visiting points on
the coast before leaving for their homes
in the East.
Manager E. S. Babcock tendered the
railroad men a reception and ball in the
Hotel Coronado this evening. One pleas
ant feature of the evening was the pres
entation of handsome souvenirs to George
H. Nicholson, passenger traffic manager:
J. J. Byrne, general passenger agent of
the lines west of Albuquerque, and Jere
miah Black, general passenger agent of
the Santa Fe main lines. These jolly rail
road men have done much to make the
traveling passenger agents' trip a success
and the Easterners' appreciation was
shown in the applause that went up when
President Garrigan gave them the pres
ents.
Before leaving Los Angeles to-day the
entire party was taken in special cars to
Santa Monica. Many of the men em
braced the opportunity of going in surf
bathing. All were tendered a luncheon in
Santa Monica by the Los Angeles com
mittee of traveling passenger agents be
fore leaving the beach.
The programme for to-morrow includes
a trip to Tia Juana, Mexico. All are
anxious to make the journey. On return
ing they will spend the balance of the
BLITZEN SWAMP
TO BE DRAINED
Lair of Wild Animals
Will Be Given Over
to Farming.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 13.— The French-Glenn
Livestock Company of Glenn County cap
italists, of which F. C. Lusk of Chico is
the general manager, is working on a
dredger with which to dig a ditch to
drain the great Blitzen swamp in Ore
gon. The swamp, which has been the
habitation of wild beasts for ages, is a
wilderness of Harney County. It 1b
twenty-five miles long by five to seven
miles broad, and when drained it is esti
mated 60,000 acres of grazing and hay
producing land will be available. The
company has 75,000 head of cattle, besides
many horses.
In its present state Blitzen swamp is
valueless, save as a hunting ground. It
contains more ducks, geese, swans and
pelicans, ornithologists say, than any
other spot of like area on the globe.
Myriads of birds arise whenever a gun
is fired. There are thousands of acres of
absolutely impenetrable thickets, where
live huge bears and mountain lions that
prey on the deer and antelope that
abound in the open spots. The swamp is
rich in fossil remains of extinct beasts,
showing that it has been inhabited by ani
mals for ages. Many specimens have been
dug up and carried away, and persons
acquainted with the locality say that the
draining of the swamp will disclose many
interestins fossils.
Fifty thousand dollars will be spent on
the work. The ditch is to be dredged
sixty feet wide by nine deep. It will fol
low the course of the Blitzen River for
thirty miles and empty into Malheur
Lake.
MBS. LEWIS WINS SUIT
AGAINST AGED FATHER
Decree of the Court Is Adverse to the
Claims of Colonel Blanton
Duncan.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— Colonel i
Blanton Duncan, at one time a proml- i
nent attorney of Kentucky, is alone in '
his old age, and, according to a decree
of the Superior Court given to.-day, is not j
entitled to live under the roof that shel- j
tered him and his Invalid wife until her j
death last year.
Mrs. Duncan left two wills, one dated j
1886, and executed in Kentucky, and the I
other executed in Los Angeles in 1893. i
The first will left any property that she
might possess to her husband; the will
RAILROAD MEN WHO HAVE TAKEN PART IN THE DELIBERATIONS
OF THE TRAVELING PASSENGER AGENTS' ASSOCIATION AND ITS
SUBSEQUENT PLEASURE-SEEKING.
day about the Hotel Coronado. The party
will leave Coronado to-morrow night and
of 1893 specified that Mrs. Thomas 'Lewis,
their daughter, is to have the place on
D street. Judge Shaw decided that the
will of 1893 should be admitted to pro
bate and appointed Mrs. Lewis execu
trix.
"Your Honor," asked the old Ken
tuckian, pathetically, "how long will I
have to vacate the house?"
"That is entirely in the hands of the
executrix," replied the Judge. "You may
not have to leave."
"I don't want to stay," growled the
colonel.
In spite of her victory, Mrs. Lewis
burst into tears as she saw her father
leave the courtroom.
Elliott Will Plead Insanity.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— Harry L. Elliott,
who shot and killed J. W. Sherman on
September 6, pleaded not guilty to the
charge of murder before Judge Lorigan
to-day. His trial was set for December 6.
Elliott's defense will be insanity.
m m&de-to-Order'Kr «
W&M Don't think that our $10.00 suits are -
an^ one P ar^ cu^ ar su^ made from one 2*^@ "
JkwM&sfJsßk ne °f g°°ds. In choosing you can M' v ]% f|§*
Affliiiiißr^ make your selection from a good line of fcSldJ •11
JHPK§|iiHM cloths in rough and smooth material. -v : jl|
J^^P^^S^S '* n c var ' et y y° u w]i^ mo -t !ik e ly find ¦fe'r^'-f -'^ -''S
Bffl^iPiß^fli something to your liking. W^sk-. : '^^\ ~''* v
WiiBli§^^ While we make the suits the year B^^-^&^ ¦ W
round, the material used is always suit- |i^ r ~''J ! W
gHSplpiljW a^^ e or * nat particular season. Just ws^^'"W
Tp^fi^^W n ow we offer you winter-weight goods m-^^'^W
"~~~WSyßr|ffl in seasonable colors. v. B^ff||C. <;
Wm li Every suit bears our "Yeargood" f^ff .J'\
S WS guarantee — we take all the responsi- §%S pfe'
IH Wg I bility. &W |p
Ww Ba Samples are free for the asking. Mm
¦Hi HSJaI • Out-of-tOwn orders filled for these suits — write for self- ¦ £§§9 "'*;'•¦ *?
Km sHi I measuring blank and samples. fjSji?
718 Market St> and Cor.: Powell * Eddy SU. -
will spend a few hours at Brighton Beach.
It will then cross to Catallna Island.
MEXICO DESIRES
TRUST COMPANY
Willing to Promote the
Financing of Ameri
can Enterprise.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 13.— Renewed re
ports in financial circles attribute to tlv*
Standard Oil gToup the purpose to estab
FLAMES LEVEL
CINNABAR CAMP
Trinity County Mining
Works Are Wholly
Destroyed.
Settlement Surrounding Al
toona Property Lies in
Ruins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 13.— Fire has swept
Cinnabar, Trinity County, off the map.
Of the mining camp and plant nothing re
mains standing but the hoisting works,
and that is damaged. The loss will ap
proximate $75,000.
The fire occurred yesterday morning.
Meager news of It came to-day in a let
ter from Superintendent J. H. Porter.
The blaze started .from the furnace.
Cinnabar waa built about the noted Al
toona quicksilver mine. Several months
ago all work was stopped at the mine.
The ore had been extracted from the up
per workings and the lower levels could
not. be worked until the water In them
was reduced, which process would prove
very expensive. A large number of men
had been employed and an extensive camp
maintained. In addition to the .machinery
and the machine houses, tramway and
appurtenances, the office buildings, board
ing-houses, bunkhouses, residences, store,
blacksmith shop, saloon and other build
ings and their furnishings were destroyed.
There were only a few persons at the
camp.
It is difficult to arrive at the exact loss.
Seven years ago the property owned by
the company was insured for more than
$30,000 and was probably worth more than
$50,000. The improvements added since
that time will bring the loss up to at
least $75,000, and it may be considerably
more.
The Altoona has produced a fortune In
its time.
Brieadier General Merriam Retires.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— 1n conse
quence of his retirement Brigadier Gen
eral Merriam was relieved formally of
the command of the Department of the
Colorado to-day. Telegraphic instructions
were sent to Colonel J. N. Sanno of the
Eighteenth Infantry, the next ranking
officer, to assume command of the de
partment until a regular detail can be
made. It is understood in Washington
that Major General Mac Arthur is to be
given command of the department about
January 1, as his service upon the brevet
board expires about that time. Colonel
Sanno, who is now at Fort D. A. Rus
sell, Wyoming, will proceed at ofice to
the quarters of the department at
Denver.
BIG EARTHQUAKE
SHAKES UP UTAH
Shock Lasts Fully Half
a Minute in Some
Localities.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. 13.— Specials
to the Herald from various points in
Southern Utah give meager accounts of
a severe earthquake shock, which oc
curred shortly after 9:30 o'clock to-night.
The shock, which lasted fully thirty sec
onds in some places, created general con
sternation among the inhabitants. The
vibrations were northeast to southwest.
Telegraphic communication to the dis
trict affected is very limited and full de
tails will not be known until to-morrow
So far as reported no loss of life and
comparatively little damage to property
resulted.
At Oasis, in Millard County, the people
rushed into the streets expecting their
homes to collapse.
At Beaver, in Beaver County, the shock
damaged the county court house and a
number of other residences.
A slight shock was felt in this city at
9:37 p. m., but was not severe enough to
be generally noticeable.
Illness of Holland's Queen.
BERLIN, Nov. 13.— The Kolnische Zelt
ung to-day says that the Queen of Hol
land is suffering from premature confine
ment, adding that there is no cause for
alarm.
The Vossische Zeitung says it learns
that Queen Wilhelmina w^is prematurely
delivered of a child November 10, and that
the Queen's condition is satisfactory.
lsh a large trust company here which
will do a banking business and provide
means for financing large American un
dertakings, these being continually grow
ing in importance. Present Mexican
legislation does not contemplate trust
companies as they are known in the
United States, and there will have to be
extensive changes made in existing laws
to give full sco^e to a trust company.
These steps, it is now said, are under
consideration by the government. It is
understood that this country's business
development has reached a point where
trust companies are necessary.
Old established banking interests resent
the increase of American financial influ
eTice and will probably make opposition to
changing the :aws so as to make them
favorable to the new American financial
project. However, the administration is
not hostile to American business interests
and will probably favor a large trust com
pany, which will surely assume an im
portant place in the banking world here.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J^F^3r » E fir Sh *
SiSKHEAStAGHE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty-
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Ba4 Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
1 —
1 California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
9:OO a. m.
' New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes it the finest transcon-
" tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and 10
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa Fe,
THROW TOUR TRUSS AW£T.
RUPTURE^^riL
CURED ®^^
BY FIDELITY METHOD. ffl
We Cure— Positive— Per- V J£A Yk
menent— -anti Guarantee B mskGl
for Life. We mran what we anHHUdf
¦ay. We can cure you. 12.009 •~£i?iz&&s&§r
cures in last T years. We cure in SS*HK^«^
80 days without pain cr loss of a sSSStt
time. Successful cm men. women B taaglß
»nd children. .No chance tor SfS^JiSa
failure. U NTIL CURED Egf VB * 4
nopayuntilcuredßlV ig
Testimonials at oar office or ¦ 9 |K3 5 §
references furnished on applicv J--J »M 5 3
tion. All patients must come to S M BH « »
this office (or pof e»ional »ttea- «] Sfi| % 2
fion- * * .** 3
FIDELITY RTIPTUKI CUBS, J&Q W
Room 4, 26' 2 Kearny St. £?** W
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
» OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1900. and for
the year ending on that day. aa made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $2,143,090 05
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 195,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and _
Bonds owned by Company 3,738.412 oj
Cash In Company's Office ,<,M?J 25
Cash in Banks 266,612 zt»
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 40.523 18
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages «7» 1"
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 711,129 53
Rents due and accrued 14.380 S8
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 16,427 38
Total Assets $7. IST. 715 HI
LIABILITIES. \
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... '....$ 32.518 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense x • 364. 110 23
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 102.301 57
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,748,242 41:
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,374.12120
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,273.-
958 77: reinsurance pro rata 2,139,528 65
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 227.010 63
Liability under Life Department — 119,902 72
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc ~ - 19,323 11
All other liabilities 319.925 7*
Total Liabilities $4,698,738 90
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,013,709 13 *
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages « 9,479 »
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
. all other sources 150.952 25
Received for Rents 54,765 29
Total Income $4, 228.908 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for' Fire Losses (In-
i eluding $322,017 86, losses of pre-
f vious years) $2,849,393 93
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ~ 685,843 12
¦ Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 347,302 61
* Paid for State, - National and Local
taxes - 136.438 43
All other payments and expenditures. 262.367 44
Total Expenditures $4,262,105 53
Fire.
Losses Incurred daring the year $2,310.843 17
Risks and Premiums. ¦ Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ¦ Risks
written during the '
year $797,441,087 $5,966,047 M
Net amount of ' Risks
expired- during the
year ...-..;.. 754,048,142 - 5.572.709 M
Net ' amount In : force ¦»
December 31. 1900.... 772.480,403 1 7.028.201 18
¦ <..... E. F. BEDDALL.
General Attorney for the V. 3.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of January. 1301.
. EDMVND HARVEY.
- • Notary Public
ROLLA V. WATT,
Manager Pacific Department,
ROYAL BLILD!>G,
Northwest Cop. Pin.- and Sansome St«..
SAM FRANCISCO.
Agents in all cities and towns on the Pacific
. Coast.
Department Includes Alaska and Hawaatan
Islands.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
34
SAILOR TOM SHARKEY AGREES TO FIGHT THE WINNER
OF THE GREAT CHAMPIONSHIP BATTLE NEXT MONTH
CHAMPION JEFFRIES' WEIGHT LOWER
THAN WAS GENERALLY EXPECTED
Still Continues His Work on the Road and in Reliance Club Gym
nasium, While His Opponent Is Resting With the Idea of
Storing Up All the Vitality Possible for To-Morrow Night
SAILOR TOM SHARKEY has been
heard from. In answer to a tele
gram sent him by Manager Ken
nedy of the Twentieth Century
Athletic Club, offering him a
fight with the winner of to-morrow
night's battle, he agrees to meet the win
ner on December 20. Sharkey will start
for this city within a few days. The
match is as good as made if the fight to
morrow night is as great a success as is
expected.
After finishing his exercising yesterday
James J. Jeffries, champion heavyweight
pugilist of the world, tipped the scales at
286% pounds. He was elated over his low
weight. Jeffries believes he can fight to
better advantage when he weighs about
207 pounds. His trainer, "Billy" Delaney,
is of a different opinion. He would rather
have his protege enter the ring weighing
about 215 or 217 pounds, as he knows that
in the course of a heated battle Jim will
take off weight.
"When I fought Fitzsimmons.'* said Jef
fries yesterday, "I weighed 207 pounds.
I was as fast as chain lightning and felt
as if I could fight all night. Now that I
have reached within a few pounds of that
weight I know and feel satisfied that I
am in the best condition."
"I would rather have Jim fight at about
215," said Delaney. "When Corbett fought
Fitzsimmons at Carson he was down too
fine and when he had gone half the dis
tance he 'blew up.' I want Jim to go in
weighing about 215 and I am sure he will
do so. The reason he is down to 208. is
because of the heavy work he did to-day.
He will rest to-morrow and will take on
a few extra pounds. I am perfectly satis
fied with Jeffs condition. He is trained
to the hour and is in condition to put up
a fast fight."
Prominent business and professional
men of Oakland watched Jim work in the
gymnasium of the Reliance Club yester
day morning. The boilermaker did no
boxing and will do none until the gong
sounds to-morrow evening. He punched
the bag for fully twenty minutes and
only had to stop when he made the bag
collapse with a heavy smash. He danced
all over the ring feinting at an imagin
ary opponent, worked the rowing ma
chine, chest weights and did other stunts.
In the afternoon Jeffries donned his
heavy clothes and took his last run on
the road. He was accompanied by his
brother Jack and a friend on bicycles.
Jim walked the first five miles at a "brisk
pace to open his pipes. The last three
he ran. At first he went a little faster
than a "dog" trot. When two miles from
home the cyclists let out a link and the
big fellow took larger strides. An elec
tric car came along and Jim used it as
pace. He spurted for two blocks and
then returned to his usual run. During
the running he kept up a conversation.
He breathed freely and without effort
When he returned to the gymnasium
Jeff said his legs were stronger than evei
before and he did not feel tired
He was examined by Dr. William Coop
er Eidenmuller. physician of the Twen
tieth Century Club. "Jack" Gleason. a
representative of the club, brought the
medico over. After thoroughly examining
Jeffries the doctor paid he was in perfect
condition and was not suffering from or
sanic trouble. This dissipates the sensa
tional story that Jim had an enlarged
heart.
To-day Jeffries will do light work in the
Reliance Club gymnasium. A number of
ladies of Oakland have been invited to
watch him perform.
EUHLIN'S NEW BLOW.
Great Secrecy Observed by the Boxer
Regarding It.
<3us Ruhlin is ready for the fray. The
Akron giant took his last training yester
day. He took two long Jaunts over the
road, one in the morning and one in the
afternoon, and after his 'last rub-down
Gus left the gymnasium and romped glee
fully up to the house, delighted that thf.
long siege of training was at an end. At
no time in Ruhlin's fistic career was he
in better physical condition or endowed
with more pugilistic ability than he is to
Pears'
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears 1 is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Sold all over the world.
WHAT THE CALLS CARI
CATURIST SAW DURING A
VISIT TO JEFFS QUARTERS.
day. on the eve of the greatest battle ho
has ever engaged in. His eyes are clear
and bright: his *kin soft and tinged with
a healthy glow, while his whole frame
shows the beneficial effects of the rigid
<¦< urse of training he has gone through.
Gus was as happy as a schoolboy on the
trrt day of vacation after Denver Ed
Martin put the last touches on the final
rub-down.
Martin poked th<=> big fellow playfully
in the ribs and said: "There you are. Gup.
fit as a fid'lle; we've done our part; nov/
it's up to you to win."
Ruhlin stood up as straight as an ar
row and twitched every muscle in his
body. The sinew? tugged and strained
the massive muscles of Kuhlin's legs, and
so well were they developed that the
natural muscular movement resembled
the erratic twitching of a muscle under
the strain of electricity. Ruhlin is cer
tainly tit to engage in a bout with the
champion of champions.
Late in the afternoon Ruhlin and Billy
Madden retired to the privacy of the lat
urs home, where Gus produced the mys
teri<-us punch he is going to try "to
spring on the big boilermaker. Madden
and his party spent the host part of an
hour working on the new blow, and when
they came downrtairs Maddens fa--e
wore a confident smile that denoted that
the practice had been satisfactory.
Both Ruhlin and his manager scout
the idea that they are pretending to
have something up th»ir sleeve in the
snape of a mysterious punch simply to
excite curiosity. Madden said yestordav
ARMY TRANSPORT
SERVICE DOOMED
Strong Fight Being Made
Against It by Steam
ship Interests.
Special Dispatch to Thp rail.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Strong
I>re?sure is being applied to the War de
partment by the steamship interests of
the Pacific Coast for the purpose of in
ducing Secretary Rocft to order the abo
lition of the ' army transport service.
Such action is opposed by Quartermaster
General Ludington. who has just re
turned from the Philippines, where he
made an inspection of the Quartermas
ter's department and particularly of the
transport service. General Ludington
went to Manila in a government trans
port and returned by a commercial ves
sel for the purpose of making a compari
son between the operation of the two ays
tems. He said to-day that the compari
son is greatly to the advantage of the
government vessels. Nevertheless, it is
claimed that the use of the commercial
vessels would mean a considerable sav
ing of money to the government, and it
is probable that this view will eventually
result in the decision to sell the trans
ports and use the private steamship lines.
The especial difficulty in the way of this
action is the making of provision for the
care of the sick. On the government
transports the convalescents returning
from tho Philippines are tenderly treated
and surgeons and nurses look after their
•wants. Thn officers opposed to the trans
port system say that no difficulty in car
ing for the Pick has been experienced in
the transportation of patients from Cuba
and Porto Rico and none will arise in
the Pacific.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
that the proof of the pudding was in the
er.ting and that to-morrow night Gus
would tender Jeff a morsel of new pugi
listic pudding that would surprise not
only Jeff but ether good judges of the
boxing game.
While there has been no new punches
added to the usual fistic routine since
Fitzsimmons sprung his famous solar
plexus blow on Corbett in their fight at
Carson it is not impossible or improbable
either that Ruhlin may have studied out
something that will create an upheaval
in pugdom.
Of course stories of new blows and other
innovations about to be palmed off on
the public for the first time in a world
championship battle look well in print
and it helps the interest some, but at the
same time those who figure that way
must take into consideration the fact that
there is always a chance for improvement
in any sport and the fertile brain of Billy
gladden may have figured out a blow that
will beat the champion. At all events
Ruhlin actually spends one hour every
day practicing in the privacy of Maddens
room. If he has discovered something
that will set fistiana a-gossiping the box
ing-loving public will be let into the
secret to-morrow night.
Ruhlin will not leave Blanken's until
to-morrow evening. He will be attended
by Billy Madden, Denver Ed Martin,
Young Gibbs and Charlie Goff.
Gus was weighed yesterday in the pres
ence of several witnesses. He tipped the
scales at 201 V?. pounds. Ruhlin weighed 211
pounds the day he commenced training
for the big fight. Ruhlin managed to
bring himself to his present weight by
taking off weight one day and building
himself the next two or three. This sys
tem has made Ruhlin as hard as a rock
Billy Madden is not satisfied with the
truth of the report that Jeffries only
weighs 210 pounds. He says he is willing
to wager that the champion will tip the
beam close to (he 225-pound mark
"You can say for me that I am in the
best possible physical shape," said Ruh
lin. "I am going into this fight with all
the confidence in the world. I firmly be
lieve I will win, and if T don't it wil! be
because Jeff is a better man. I am in
shape to fight the battle of my life and
that I will attempt to do when" I face the
champion.
Los Angeles Men Coming.
. I,OS ANGELES. Nov. 13.— The Los An
geles delegation to the Jeffries-Ruhli.!
fight, over 100 strong, left to-day for Sa-i
Francisro. The party occupied special
cars attached to the regular Southern
Pacific train leaving here at noon, anl
will arrive at their destination at 7-30 n
m. to-morrow. ' '
ALL-STAR TEAM
FOR OLYMPICS
Dazzling Array of Foot
ball Talent for the
Coming Game.
Prospect? are bright for a sensational
game of football in this city on Thanks
giving- day between athletic club teams,
strongrly reinforced by college players. I.
J. Muma, manager of the Olympic Club
tpam. has a list of twenty-five players
from which the representatives of the
flying "O" will be chosen. These include:
AVomble. Masters and Barnard, for end
positions; Pringle. Clay. Embrick and
Young-, tackles; Oadwalader (captain),
Plunkett. Overall and Stow, guards; Betti
son and Gendotti. center; Thane. Kerfoot
More and Hudson, quarterback; Slaker
of Stanford, Duden, Romaine and Rithet
fullbacks; Gammon. Horan. Mini Whip
pie and Sherman, backs. If that would
not provide an all-star cast it would be
difficult to secure one.
For Reliance these are possibilities-
Fickert, McMillan, Smith, Oliver Wiers'
McNevin, Collins. Hamilton, Barker'
Nourse, Lee. Cavanaugh, Wilson, Varney'
Dinsmore. Hil! and Fisher. y*™ey,
"Dave" Brown spent yesterday at Palo
Alto, and invited other players to join the
Reliance forces, and expects to Eecure
some of them.
Reserved seats for the game will cost
$1. and the management promises better
facilities for handling the spectators than
were in vogue last Saturday at the inter
collegiate game.
That there is no lack of interest in foot
ball is shown by the attendance last Sat
urday. The receipts reached $19,000. The
inclement weather and the fact of the
game not being played on a holiday re
duced the attendance slightly. The re
HARD COURSING
BEATS SISQUOC
The Petaluma Greyhound
Gets Some Severe
Running.
For Glory Seems a Likely
Candidate for the Stake
Honors.
PETALUMA, Nov. 13.— D. J. Healey's
greyhound Sisquoc is no longer a factor
in the open plains meeting, though
he is the most talked of courser in Peta
luma. A gamer and more determined ex
hibition than that put up by Healey'a
champion it is safe to say has never been
seen on any field. Sisquoc opened up a
10 to 1 favorite against his half-brother,
the despised Slim, and ran an "unde
cided" course after a close call. His
price was cut in two and another "unde
cided" brought the odds to 2 to 1. Then
in a heart-breaking course Sisquoc cap
tured the flag.
No one looked for the great courser to
come back, but his owner sent him to
the slips again to try against Miss Wil
son to get another killing run. Sisqucx;
came back virtually a dead one. but went
the route again. This time St. Ives was
his opponent. A hare fresh from the San
Joaquin plains was turned loose and the
dogs sent in pursuit. It was here that
Sisquoc showed his gameness. Across the
field and so far away that the dogs could
hardly be seen the hare took the pair on
the long journey. How Healey's dog
kept in the running was a surprise, but
he was there and at the finish was piling
up points, finally scoring the kill, but los
ing the course on points.
toacramento Boy at one time looked to
have a chance to reach the final, but in
a short course with Tiburon in the third
round he put himself out by scoring his
first points in the kill, while .his opponent
had three to his credit.
The day's sport was first class, and the
new lot of hares gave the dogs many
long, hard runs. A, J. Martin, thougn
having severe going, is a likely candidate
for stake honors, especially if he can
beat Tiburon in his first course in the
morning. Aeolus ran a great race, as did
Tom Hurlick. It is not believed that St.
Ives can recover from his last course suf
ficiently to offset these fast ones. For
Glory, with but little work to tell against
her, is in a position to make a good
showing.
Liberator beat Chicago Boy at 4 to 1,
Sleety Mist beat Roman Athlete, Royal
Archer beat America and Sisquoc beat
Miss Wilson at 2 to 1. Royal Anne beat
Fine Form at 5 to 2 and Tapioca at 2 to
1, Candelaria beat Warship at 5 to 2 and
was beaten by Aeorus at 5 to 3, Hurlick
beat Royal Archer at 5 to 4. The stake
will be concluded to-morrow. The day's
results, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
Second round— A. J. Martin beat Golden Gar
ter, 4-0; Elista beat Aeneas, 6-4; Fanpie Hughie
beat Evangellne, 10-5; Sleety Mist beat Roman
Athlete. 8-6: Tapioca beat Forget, 4-0; Royal
Anne beat Fine Form. 4-0: Tiburon beat Lord
Beaconsfield, S-4; Sacramento Boy b«at Rusty
Gold, 17-3; Warshiji beat Best Bargain, 5-0;
Candelaria beat Coronado. 2-0; Leola beat On
ward, 4-2; Aeolus beat Graf ten, t>-5; Tom Hur
lick beat Fred Freedom. H-5; Loyal Lad a bye;
Royal Archer beat Black' Flush. 5-0: America
beat Rustic Arbor. 5-1: St. Ives beat Minnie
Sankey. 5-2: Liberator beat Chicago Boy 12-4;
Sisquoc beat Slim, 32-17; For Glory beat Cour
age. 7-4; Miss Wilson beat Lilac, 6-1; White
Hat beat Controller, 3-0.
Third round— A. J. Martin beat Elista 34-16-
Fannie Hughie beat Sleety Mist. 12-6; Royal
Anno beat Tapioca. :,-4; Tiburon beat Sacra
mento Boy, 3-2; Sisquoc beat Miss Wilson, 11-S;,
For Glory beat White Hat. 2-1; Tiburon beat
Sacramento Boy. 3-2: Candelaria beat Warship
2-0; Aeolus beat Leola, 16-12; Tom Hurlick beat
Loyal I^ad, 16-0; Royal Archer beat America,
U-12; Pt. Ives beat Liberator, 21-7.
Fourth round— A. J. Martin boat Sleety Mist
S-2; TiNiron beat Royal Anno. 3-2: Aeolus beat
Caivlela.ia. 13-11; Tom Hurlick beat Royal
Archer, U-ll; St. Ives beat Sisquoc, 2M6- For
Glory a bye.
COURSING AT UNION PARK.
Two Stakes the Card for This Week's
Meeting.
The coursing at Union Park this week
will be limited to Sunday, two stakes
making up the card. A special stake of
sixteen dogs contains the pick of the en
tries. The draw last night resulted as
follows:
Special Ptake— Pterl & Knonips* Olita vs. T.
J. Cronin's Vandal; J. Carroll's Master Clair
vs. E. Geary's Ireland; A. R. Curtis' Charta
vs. G. Hharnian's Firm Fellow; F. Janes'
V>dgewood vs. G. Sharman's Hot Haste: G.
bharman's Sir Fasha vs. G. Nethercott's Flood
gate: A. R. Cmttß* Flying Fox vs. O. Zahl's
Horr.er Boy: J. Markland's The Grafter vs.
Pasha KennPls' Rural Artift; A. R. Curtis"
Narcissus vs. Chiarinl Bros.' Dewdrop.
Forty-eißht-doE op<»n etake— M. li. Kava
nagh's My Bonnie King vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist; Parha Kennels' Rich Argosy vs.
R. B. Kay's Hawker; G. Sharman's Gold Bug
vs. P. J. ReiJly'B Royal Union: A. R. Curtis 1
Lost Chord- vs. G. Nothercott's Hickory Dick;
L. S. Bane's Amedee vs. Sterl & Koowles
RuFty Gol4; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl vs. A.
Vanderwhite's Lear King; Chatham & Part
ington's Representative vb. H. Lynch's Mer
rimac; W. C. Glasson's Master Workman vs.
G. Knight's Shadow; Star Kennels' Master
Lawrence vs. Kelly & Hanley's Naughty Girl ••
J. C. Talbofs Lady Glenmire vb. J. C. Tal
bot's Lady Passage; 3. Cane's Greenhall vs.
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead ; W. C. Glas-
Itn'l Lady Srars vs. A. R. Curtis' Fly by
Night; J. M. Carroll's Auckland vs M B
Kfivanagh's Might be Keen; J. D. Cardlnall's
Union .lark vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud:
R. B. Kay' a Melrose Girl v=. H. Lyn^h's Lilac-
Chiarini Bros.' White Hat vs. P. M. Clarkson's
Golden Qtrter; M. B. Kavanaghs Swedish vs
M. Nealon's Agamemnon: K. Geary's Fenii vs
P. J. Reinyp Honesty: E. Pratt's Shandon vs.
G. Nethercotfa Red Rock; Star Kennels' May
flower vs. E. Ready's Full Moon: A. R. Curtis'
Blue Ribbon vp. A. Vanderwhite's Flora Mc-
Donald; M. Dunlea'g Tara's Hall vs C O
Peterson's Haphazard; .T. D. Cardinall's Jessiby
v;-. a r. Curtis' King Cotton; Star Kennels'
Font°nr,y vs. M. Wlekand's Floranthe.
ceipts in 1898 were $18,000: 1899. $22,000, and
1900. $24,000. the highest point ever reached
Next Tuesday night the Olympic team
wil! lea.ye for Reno, where the man will
play the University of Nevada on Wednes
day. Sixteen men in all will make the
journey.
WILL NOT PLAY PRINCETON.
Berkeley Men Decline to Again Un
dergo Severe Training.
BERKELEY. Nov. 13.— N0 football game
will be held between the University of
California and Princeton. That matter
was definitely settled to-day by the execu
tive committee of the student body, which
voted against the proposition. Princeton's
offer was declined because the California
football men do not feel like undertakinj
another period of training. They win
the time between now and the Christmas
vacation to catch up in their studies.
The men did not refuse to' play but de
clared that if the committee proposed to
bring Princeton here they would go into
training again, although at a loss to the.r
own interests. The committee believed
that it would be at too great a sacrifice
to personal interests to have the team
commence hard work again.
During the Christmas vacation the men
will be sent south for games on Christ
mas or New Year, or both. Manage/
Decoto was empowered to make neces
sary arrangements and plans are being
formed to have one game in Los Angeles
and the other in Pasadena with club
teams. No hard practice will be needed
and the men will receive a pleasant out
ing.
Manager Deccto stated that it was un
likely that any alumni team could b-i
got together to play Princeton.
Manager I. J. Muma said last night he
would wire an offer to Princeton on be
half of an All-California team, made up
of p.'ayers from the various teams.
OBIA EASILY DEFEATS ARTICULATE
FOR THE RICH TANFORAN HANDICAP
Meehanus Makes a Fine Run From the Rear, Beating a Cluster of
Fast Ones— -"Hoodoo" Still Clings to O'Connor, Who Loses
on Four Favorites — Lodestar Fir^t at Most Tempting Quotations
RACING at the track across the
bay is in a flourishing condition.
Sixteen books cut In yesterday,
and as the attendance is daily in
creasing, and there is a volume
of coin to be handled, it is safe to say
that over twenty books will v be on next
week. It was pretty soft picking for the
members of the booking fraternity yes
terday as six straight favorites were
counted out. On four different occasions
Winnie O'Connor finished second, three
being pronounced choices.
About the best morsel on the card was
the Tanforan handicap, over one mile and
a furlong. For this event only five start
ed, and the educated division landed on
Brutal, sending the Brutus horse to the
post with his 104 pounds, an 8 to 5 choice.
The track was slow, and for this reason
many fancied the chances of Articulate.
The latter colt lost over a length at the
start, and Hoar then hustled him away
in the lead. He maintained the front po
sition until less than a furlong from the
stand, where Ransch on Obia tackled him
and at the wire won in rag-time. Brutal
finished in<third place. Obia was not given
any great consideration by the crowd, her
odds receding from 2V4 to 4Vi.
By taking the shortest route home.
Birkenruth got across the line first with
St. Sever in the opening sprint, a neck
ahead of Duckoy, the favorite. Edin
borough was looked upon as the contend
er, but recently has been showing signs
of lameness and cut no figure.
Because of his known liking for a soft
track. Gusto caught a heavy play in *Aa
betting on the third event, closing a
lukewarm favorite. Logue did not make
any great effort on the brown horse,
ending up in last place. King Dellis,
with J. Woods in the saddle,
seemed to have finally fallen in with his
own sort of company, for he beat Saul of
Tarsus a length, closing at odds of 7 to
1. Gibraltar displayed a mild inclination
to try running with show honors.
The vastly Improved Redan captured the
two-year-old handicap in a gallop from
Royalty. The latter, piloted by O'Connor,
received steady support at 2 to 1, while
Id to 5 was laid about Redan. The last
named youngster seemed bubbling over
with speed, Vittatoe having him under
wraps most of the trip. Running away at
the end he finished three lengths in ad
vance of Royalty, with Magi a bang up
third.
Marion Lynch, favorite for the final mile
selling run did not make much of a show
ing. She played quite a prominent part
in the game for nearly half a mile and
then fell back. Castake looked to be win
ning, when Birkenruth dropped along with
the 12 to 1 shot Lodestar, and in a drive
reached the stand first by a trifle more
than a length.
Track Notes.
Billy Connor cut in under the name of
the Oakland Club, booking for Joe Gavin
and some other Denver people.
Paul Ridley's familiar form was onc°
more seen on the block.
Frank O'Rourke thought very well of
The Fretter's chances, but the chestnut
horse warmed up sore, apparently not
having regained his Burns handicap
Vantine narrowly missed kicking two
or three riders while at the post, and
horses of her vicious temperament should
be barred from starting.
To-T>ay's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs, purse; maiden 2
year-olds:
SU Cathello 100| 2803 Rameses 103
2704 Wand'rg 80y... 106 .... Chandoo 108
2758 Rosarie 100 233S Jacqueminot ...105
2795 Arthur Ray KM]
Second race— Futurity course, selling; 3-year
olds:
2776 Scally Wag ...103; 2SOO Mrs. Brunnell..lO3
C 794 Parsifal 103 ! 2800 Bonitary 99
2796 Pegalong 99! .... Little Gun 11l
2483 Slsenvine 103 i 2266 Libbie Elkins.. 99
. 2702 Aphrodis 991
Third race— Six furlongs, selling: 2-year-olds:
2771 Quadra 100, 2771 Dawson 100
2506 Cm. Forster....lo:i, 2809 Tufts 100
2590 Prestene 100! 2503 Glendenning ...106
Fourth race — One and one-quarter miles, sell
ing; 3-year-olds and upward:
... Thayne 104 2805 Free Lance 107
2517 Lizella 113 2813 Sunello 104
2718 Cm. Attorney. .lo7 2791 John McGurk.. 9S
Fifth race— One mile, selling; 3-year-olda and
ur>ward:
2814 The Singer 109 2614 Hohenlohe 112
2813 Billy Moore 109 2701 Sen. Matts 109
2769 Grady 112 2817 Mortgage 109
Sixth race— Futurity course, soiling; 3-year
olds:
2JS2 Bob Palmer 103 i 27'S El Rey 107
2«ns Abba P 107 2813 Nellie Forest... 103
2797 Cousin Carrie. .lo3 2792 Prin. Titanla... 103
2755 Kath'rn Ennis. 69 2764 Narra G 11l
Probable Winners.
First race — Rameses, Wandering Boy, Arthur
Ray.
Second race— Scally Wag, Little Gun, Pega
long.
Third race— Glendenning, Quadra, Commis
sioner Forster.
Fourth race— Lizella. John McGurk, Thayne.
Fifth race— Mortgage, The Singer, Billy
Moore.
Sixth race— Princess Titania. Cousin Carrie
Narra G.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Last Day of the Laksside Meeting,
Near Chicago.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-Bennings sum
ma rj-:
lENNIS PLAYEBS MEET
ON CALIFOKNIA COUETS
Mixed Doubles Tournament Attract
a Large Attendance and Is
Successful.
The mixed doubles tournament played
on the courts of the California Tennis
Club yesterday was a success. Nine
teams participated. Several more would
have entered but for a lack of men. The
women turned out in numbers and at
tract* 1 many spectators.
As a result of the day's play two teams
are left in the finals. They are Miss Ruby
Garland of Ojai Valley and Mr. Walker
and Miss Laura Farnsworth and Grant
Smith. The final match was postponed
on account of darkness and will be played
to-day.
One match was played In the prelimin
ary round. In it isliss Salisbury and Or
ville Pratt were opposed to Miss Farns
worth and Grant Smith. The latter won
in straight sets, 6-4, 6-4.
In the first round Mrs. Kincaid and Mr.
Gorham beat Miss Rose Sherwood and
Page Collier, 6-4, «-3. Miss Garland and
Mr. Walker beat Mrs. Jones and Mr.
Hume, 6-4, 6-4. Miss Farnsworth and
Grant Smith beat Miss Isabel Sherwood
and Clyde Beal in straight sets, 0-2, 6-4.
Mrs. de Raynier and Carl Gardner beat
Miss Hunter and C. D. Galvin, 7-5, 6-2.
In the semi-finals Mrs. Kincaid and Mr.
Gorha-m and Miss Garland and Mr. Walk
er were the opposing teams of one half
and Miss Farnsworth and Grant Smith
and Mrs. de Raynier and Mr. Gardner of
the other. Miss Garland and Mr. Walker
won by a score of 6-4. 4-6, 7-5. In the
other half of the semi-finals Miss Farns
worth and Mr. Smith won in straight sets
6-1, 6-2.
McFadden Knocks Out Hermann.
FRESNO, Nov. 13.— 1n the eighth round
of what was to have been a twenty-round
go, "Kid" McFadden of San Francisco
knocked out Tom Hermann, also of San
Francisco, to-night. The fight was the
genuine article from start to finish, being
one of the best ever seen in this city.
Frank Chance officiated as referee.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACETRACg-Nov- 13. 1901.— Weather One. Track heavy. — «•
2818. FIRST RACE— Futurity' course; selling: all ages; value to first, 1325.
i » "Z ~ ; : "—"" — " ' j . . Betting.
Index. 'Horse, i Age. Wt. St." \i- .%. Str. Fta. ' Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
/ 2795 St. Sever, 2... 97 23% «1 3*1% In Dr. H. E. Rowell..Birknrth I 7-4
r. 2789 Duckoy. 4 113 6 II 32 3 % 25 H.J.Jones O'Connor 3-3 8-*
2794 Searchlight, 6 113 1 m 1% In 3n H. P. Goldstein. ....Ranach 10 13
2776 Ned Dennis. 4.. ....113 4 4% S 4 53 4% D. C. McCarthy.. .....Collis o 8 *>
2038 |Edlnborough, 4 116 3 2% in 4n 53 W. H. Ketcheman..Mathws 8-* a
2794 Uppercrust, 4 113 7 73 62% « 4 83 S. Judge & Co.. i-, Ku i? ** J*
... | Lady Drew. 2 1013 63 8 8 71 C W Chappell Stuart 40 30
... | Poppy A. 2 97 1 8 8 7% 76 8- Ted Hayes Butler 40 .50
Time-To %. :21%; to « :47; last %. 1:03; short %. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner. Dr. H. E. Kowell's eh g by St. Carlo-Sunlit. Birkenruth hugged the rail turn-
Ing Into the stretch, which advantage landed him first. Searchlight quit. Edinborouga ha*
been going lame. . ¦ ¦_ -, - _-_-,_-,_-^r>^>^.-i_-i-i-i-i^_r-»
281». SECOND RACE— furlongs; sailing; three-year-olds and up: value to first. 1325.
_ j _ , j , j ."" , ___ Betting. '
Index. Horse. Age, Wt.lSt. %. H. Sir. Fin. j Owner and Jockey.. Op. Cl»
2802 Meehanus 5. :...... 110 7 62 3h 11 In Caesar Young Ransch 4 •.
(2786) Impromptu, 3 109 1 32 1 4 2 2 2 2 5 F. W. Dosa O'Connor 3 3-2
2799 Goldone, 4 112 1 4 11% 2 1 3 2 3 5 J. Coffey J. Woods 7-3 7-2
(2810) Horton. 6.. -...110 6 4h 65 45 4 6 J. McGovern Hoar 5-2 14-5
2796 Tony Lepping. 3.. .101 37 5 % 5 1 51 Newman & Eagan-.Wlnslet 20 30
2807 Flying Torpedo 3.. 108! 3 51 7 7 '64 Ezell & Lazarus-.Birkenrth 10 30
2562 jMareaa. 3 , IPS 5 2 % 1 h » % 7 J. H. Dolan Vlttatoej » SO
Time— H. :13; %, :24%; %. :49%; \, 1:15; %, 1:28. Good start. Won first, three driving. Win
ner. Caesar Young's eh. h. by Golden Garter-Fedalma. Meehanus. away poorly, was gradu
ally rushed to the front. Had O'Connor on Impromptu stayed with him latter horse would
have won. Goldone- quit an unusual occurrence for him. Horton miserably handled. Tor
pedo not ready. Scratched— Bob Palmer 98, Canejo 101, Alfred C 106. ¦ ,- _- - ,-. -,-,-,
2830. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first. $325. .
~~ 1 • . , }~ I Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. [St. hi. ¦'. %. Str. Ftn. " Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2789 King Dellis. 4 116 4 53 3% 3h 11 C. Lind J. Woods « 7
(2789) Saul of Tarsus, 4.. 113 2 2n 42 4i, 21 S. McNaughton.... O'Connor 5 . ¦«.
2815 Gibraltar, a 116 3 31 23 In 3n Burns & Waterhse.. Ransch 3 7-2
2784 Matt Hogan. 4. ....113 6 8. 6 6 4 1 W. P. Magrane & Co.. Hoar 4 i
(2794) Clarando, 5 113 112 In 2% In K. M. Borchert.. . .Ransom IS 20
2786 Gusto. 4... 116 5 .4 Ui s»i I ] 6 P Howley Logue 3 3'
(2765) Vantlne, 4 113 * G. W. Snider &Co Ruiz 3 »-a
Time— To »4, :21H: to H. MS**: last %, 1:02%; short V 1:12%. Bad start. Won first three
driving. Winner. C. Lind's b. h. by Kingston-Flower Dellis. Winner received best ride.
Gibraltar sulked at times. Too much weight for Hogan probably. Gusto received very
handling. _ Ruiz could not get Vantlne away this day.
2821. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap: two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
¦ ¦ ' Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. . %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2503 Redan 106 2 11 12 13 13 P. Guilfoyle Vlttatoe 3 16-5
(2795) [Royalty 108 5 7 5 2 2 n Ihr W. B. Sink . ..O'Connor 8-5 2
2509 Magi 110 4 51 4h 5 2 34 W. E. Applegate Hoar 3 3
2803 Waterscratch 103 1 2h 2h SVi4^i G. Summers &. Co. J. Woods « It)
20CO Rosewar 108 6 4h 3h 41 5 3 Burns & Waterhse.. Ransch 4 7
KM Marelio 9013 3h 6 4 610 620 D. F. Fountain. .Winslette 20 50
2812 Malaspina 96 7 6h 7 7 7 Mallowmot S. Frm. Ransom j 8 12
2801 senator Bruce 961 « ... J. L. Clayton A Co.Fntlroyl 20 30
Time— %i. :24J. 2 ; M. :4a ; %. 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner
P. Guilfoyle's b. g. by Artillery-Princess Noretta. Redan continues to display steady im
provement. Royalty ran his race probably. Magi closed steady. Rosewar away poorly and
possibly not £eady. »Left.
2823. FIFTH RACE— I% miles; Tanforan handicap; year-olds and up: value to first. $500.
Index. Horse, Age. Wt. St. U. H. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op 1 ""*!.
2786 Obia. 3 101 2 21% 11* 2~i 11% 'P. Ryan Ransch 4 4
,2808 Articulate. 3 86 5 13 15 11 2 5 W. C. de B. Lopez... Hoar 311 I
2504 Brutal. 3.....*. 104) 3 410 410 415 3 5 Brlngm S. Fm.J Matthews 2 gl*
2804 The Fretter. 5 100 1 3 2 3 1 3 4 415 F. J. O'Rourke.. Birkenruth I la
... Picador. 3 96 4 5 5 5 5 T. H. Stevens Ransom 7 25
Time— :13; %. :34; %. :4»%: \. 1:13%: m.. 1:42; «i m.. 1:34%. Good start. Won easily
Second and third giving. Winner. P. Ryan's b. f. by Pardee-Day Dream. Artlcutata
away a length behind the others. He was then tip-toed out in front and had nothing in
reserve when challenged by Obia. Brutal unable to get up. Picador not ready. Scratched-
2823. SIXTH RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. "
Index. Horse. Age. Wt.jst. '¦;. ¦%. Str. Fin. \ Owner and Jockey. Op"'"*!.
280.1 Lodestar, a 107 4 6% 5h- 3 1 11% Dan O Keefe Birkenruthi a- ™
2799 Castake. 6 109 1 21 21 1 h 2 2 O. W Bosecke £„ I ?
2767 I Position. 4 1091 7 oh 3>i 4 3 3 3 J. Creel y^_? m &*
2810 Bangor 5 .112 10 93 62 4 1 : Burns & Waterhse ' RVn,rh «- \«
2799 Ping. #. 103 54 2 6 3 5% 5h C. W. ChappeU Stuart ! S £
2796 Game Warden. 3... 96 2 11 13 2h 62 Murry * Collins Ho^ri «
2516 Rushfields. a 107 6 8 1 7 1 7 2 7 5 C. O. Biy7 j ? M*attWs * *2
2810 Marlon Lynch. 4.. .107| 3 3h 4% 83 85 J. Burrows.. O^Conn^r i H
2^96 D%l<Zr\* ™171 "V 10 1 10 * ll ,!
2796 Darlene. 3 94| 9_ 7 1 8% 10 10 Dr. H. E.Rowell.L.Jackson| 60 300
Time— :26\4: %, :51Vi; %. 1:1?; mile. t:44>4. Good start. Won first three driving- wi«7~*
D. O'Keefe's eh. g. by Midlothian-Starlight. Birkenruth on winnerfortunate in^?^ er '
through. Position, will bear watching. Track made to order for ¦cLtake Ftan»n/ ettte|f
from away back. Marion Lynch stopped suddenly. . Scratched-Eir.stein 103 M^NaSarTi'S!
Monda ]00. " *''*•
First race, one and three-quarter miles, over
seven hurdles — Couslrt Jess won. Mr. Stouffel
second. Tankard third. Time, 3:23.
Second race, maiden 2-year-old?, five fur
longs—Cheat 'Em won, Colonel Bill second.
Somersault third. Time, 1:03 3-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Royal Sterling
won, Death second, Passlac third. Time.
1:30 3-5-
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Satire won.
Federalist second. Snark third. Time, 1:30 3-3.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards—Car
buncle won. Handcuff second, Knight of Rhodes
third. Time. 1:48 3-5. . , •
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Potente
won, Alfred Vargrave * second, Ohnet third.
Time. 1:50 3-3. -. . >-• '.
LOUISVILLE, Ky , Nov. 13.— Douglas- Park
results: ; ', - - ¦ ¦ ¦• \ > •¦ -. . . .'
First race, six furlongs— Opera Girl won, Ellis
second, Ben Boy third. Time, l:tii' 2 . "
Second race, five furlongs — Buccleuth ¦ won,"
Carat second. Lillian M third. Time. 1:02*. ..
Third race, six furlongs— Jim Gore ¦ II won.
Paulina J second, Incandescent third. Time,
1:15 U.
Fourth race, seven • furlongs— Kindred won.
Huntressa second, Guide Rock third. Time.
I:27}*. - ¦
Fifth race, one and one-eighth miles —
Prima II won. Banquo II second. Honeywood
third. Time, 1:56 H. > : . - ;¦ ..
CHICAGO, Nov. Results at . Lakeside
Hast day): V • /
First race, six furlongs— Maggie Davis won,
B. G. Fox second. Sam Lazarus third. Time,
1:18 2-5.
Second race, five furlongs— lnspector Shea
won. Rag Tag second. Hoodwink third. Time,
1:03 2-5. • -+<¦
.Third race, five and a half furlong:*— Vul
cain won, Burnie Bunton second. Little Jack
Homer third. Time, 1:08 1-5.. . .¦••¦•"¦}
KID WILLIAMS TAKES
QUEENAN'S PLACE
Los Angeles Boxer Is Matched by the
Acme Club Against Young
Oibbs.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Kid Williams of
Los Angeles has been matched in place
of Perry Queenan to meet Young Gibbs
of Cleveland at the Acme Club's tourna
ment Friday evening, November 22, at the
Exposition building. This will be a Qf
teen-round contest. Williams has gone
into training at Croll's Gardens. Alameda
and Gibbs is working at the Acme Club
gymnasium. Besides this main number
the club has matched Con Sheehan
heavy-weight, late of the English nay'
and Hank Griffin of Los Angeles for a
ten-round bout. The opening preliminary
will be for eight rounds between Mike
Welch and Jack McDonald at 115 pound*
ANGELS WILL PLAY
THE OAKLAND TEAM
Men From the South Will Make Thsir
Farewell Appearance at Recre
ation Park.
In this week's series of baseball games
the Los Angeles players will make the!"
farewell appearance at Recreation Park
They will have the Oaklands as oppo
nents. . The season .will end in three weeks
with the San Francisco team away from
home. It is possible , that if the poor
showing of the Oaklands could have beer
foreseen Uncle Henry's team would have
been kept at home for the wind-up The
line-up for to-day Is as follows:
Oakland. . . Positions. „' . Los Angeles
Lohman Catcher...:.....;... Sdlm
Hudson .............Pitcher... ... ' jints
Francks First ba5e............ ' K,hm
Mohler Second base.. .. ." ReltS
Dunleavy .........Third base _..". Rei
Eagan Shortstop ....,-.. " Si,,
Hamilton ..........Left field..... ; Atherton
Drennan .... Center field.. Hemnhin
Strolb .............Right fie1d.....;.... -p^Srly
NEW TOHK, : Nov. 13.— Sbarettl Paoal
delegate to the Philippines, sailed for England
to-day on the Oceanic.- s_- "
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Federal won
Phyrrho second. Malay third? Time. 1:30. '
Fifth race, one mile and one-eighth— Ro'llin*
W T?me O l n rf 3 -T LOnd - n^Sl
Sixth race, one mile and a quarter— Charley
Tlmef ™\¥* ChanCC ' eCOnd '
Seventh race, one mile— Baird won Evelyn
Byrd second, W«odstick third. Time. i-« 8 5
CINCINNATI. Nov. 13.-LatonJa results-
First race, one mile— Hand D won. Phoaoho
£°»» second, Syncopated Sandy, third. , Time.
.Second race. 'five and a half furlongs— Circus
S. 1 5K*i5S tac# aecond - Li^ «-'
Robert Morrison third. Tiro*> 2-"s!.' secona «
Fourth race, one an* three-ilxte*nth miles—
nlrrd tr Ttar > 2:o6 EleanOr Holme 9 SeCOnd ' Z"«>
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Polly Bixby
won, Laurata second, Ida Penzance third. Time.
1 •13.
Sixth race, five furlongs— Lauretta Burke
won. Goody Goody second. Owletta third.
Time, 1:04=4.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SORES AND
ULCERS. \
- Sores and Ulcers never become chronic
unless the blood is in poor condition —is
sluggish, weak and unable to throw off
the poisons that accumulate in it. The
system must be relieved of the unhealthy
matter through the sore, and great danger
to life -would follow should it heal before
the blood has been made pure and healthy
and all impurities eliminated from the sys-
tem. ¦ S.S.S. begins the cure by first cleans-
ing and invigorating the blood, building
up the general health and removing from
all' mSui? A CONSTANT DRAIN
eftetematter. UPOM THE SYSTEM.
When this has been accomplished the dis- 3 ,
charge gradually ceases, and the sore or
ulcer heals. It is the tendency of these old
indolent sores to grow worse and worse,
and eventually to destroy the bones. Local
applications, ¦while soothing and to some
extent alleviate pain, cannot reach the seat
of the trouble. S. S. S. does, and no matter
how apparently hopeless your condition,
even though your constitution has broken
down, it will bring relief when nothing
else can. It supplies the rich, pure blood
necessary to heal the sore and nourish
the debilitated, diseased body.
Mr. T. B. Talbert, Lock Cot 24p,Winona, Miss.,
pays : " Six years ago my leg from the knee to
the foot wza one solid sore. Several physicians
treated me- and I made two trips to Hot Springs,
but found no relief. I was induced to try S. 3. 3.,
and it made a complete cure. I have been a per-
fectly well man ever since."
S/2S& i£9& is the only purely veg-
tiL^ BjL^ f»J^ etable blood purifier
known — contains no
hjl^B kh|3wfcOw poisonous minerals to
 v *s^ r ruin the digestion and
add to, rather than relieve your suffer-
ings. If your flesh does not heal readily
when scratched, bruised or cut, your blood '
is in bad condition, and any ordinary sore
is apt to become chronic.
,\ Send for our free book and write our
physicians about your case. We make no
charge for this serdce^gg^OJJttlMMßßgß
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, CM.GOSSIP ABOUT
POLICE CHIEF
Mayor-Elect Schmitz to
Meet Commissioners
To-Day.
Mahony's Term on the Beard
Expires Early in Jan
uary, 1902
Mayor-elect Eugene E. Schmitz will
leave his quiet retreat near Watsonville
early this morning and come to San
Francisco on the Monterey express. Short
ly after his arrival in the city he will at-
Tend a conference of the Police Commis
sioners. He *ill return to the country
immediately after the adjournment of the
conference. The subject of a new Chief
of Police is undoubtedly the one that is
to be discussed.
D. I. ilahony's term of office as Police
Commissioner will expire early in Janu
ary next. He was appointed to the
board as the successor of Thomas. The
board, as originally constituted by Mayor
Phelan, consisted of Newhall, Biggy.
Thomas and McXutt. During the conieSi
which terminated in the election of
Colonel W. P. Sullivan Jr. to the office
of Chief of Police, Mayor Phelan arbi
£2£*S removed Commissioner Biggy.
ne Mayors authority to remove a Com
missioner was not challenged in court.
Judge Wallace was appointed to succeed
¦Uifigy ana his term 01 office will not ex
111 c until January, 1903. Thomas resigned
irom the commission and the Mayor ap
pointed D. 1. Mahony to till the vacancy.
Mahony's term expires January, iyo2. Dr.
McNutt resigned and the vacancy caused
by his resignation was filled by the
Mayor appointing Josiah K. Howcli,
whose term expires January, 1904. New
hall also holds until 1204.
Captain Win man. acting Chief of Po
lice, will probably serve in executive ca
pacity until the board elects a chief.
There are many indications that Captain
"Wittman will be the board's choice lor
chief.
Mahony May Succeed Himself.
There is talk that Mayor Phelan could
appoint Mahony's successor if he were so
inclined, but the impression is general
that no change in the commission will be
made until Mayor-elect Schmitz is inaug
urated. If the new Mayor adheres
to his public expressions a conserva
tive citizen will be named to succeeeJ
Mahony. Efforts may be made to con
vince the Mayor that Commissioner Ma
hony himself is a shining light of con
servatism.
Good lawyers do not entertain the no
tion that a capricious Mayor can rampse
around and remove a Commissioner at
his pleasure and upset a whole board to
execute some particular design. The
courts may rule that good cause for re
moval must be shown and that not every
thing in the charter is constitutional. In
deed, it will be called to mind that the
courts set aside many of flic provision-*
of the State institution, hence charter
declarations will not be accepted as in
spired doctrine.
Schmitz Will Speak.
Mayor-elect Eugene E. Schmitz has
accepted an invitation to the annual din
ner of the merchants. Doubtless he will
make an after-dinner speech and in some
degree foreshadow the policy of his ad
ministration. Mayors should be ever so
cautious in post-prandial talks. Even
Mayor Phelan. who is generally pretty
well ballasted at banquets, slopped over at
one ast and made a spectacle of him
self that caused the angels to weep.
Auditor Wells announces that he is out
of politics. Yet full of the spirit of -re
form he suggests tha"t the Legislature
shall pass a law to protect candidates
from leg-pullers. It appears that various
organizations having- for sale ball tickets
imposed upon the nominee for Mayor,
The imposition was in the nature of black
mail. Mr. Wells proposes that the can
didate of the future shall not be exposed
to such fr^ud. His position will be sus
tained by successful and unsuccessful can
didates. Indeed, some of the nominees
are willing that a law should be passed
to make the painting of banners a felony
In this new reform the Auditor is almost
sure to receive the support of ex-Assem
blyman Arthur G. Fisk. *
The lease of the Republican Primary
Iveajue of the rooms in the Baldwin An
nex having expired, the headquarters of
the league has been temporarily closed"
It is announced that permanent headquar
ters in a central location will be opened
shortly, the location of which will be pub
lished In a few days.
BERLIN". N~v. 13 —Andrew D. White tho
¦«n Embassador. who sailed from Yew
•be Df-utschlsnd. October 31 "and
-: in France, has arrived here and r»
atic duties.
U Ean Francisco, Thursday, 14 November, 190 L* H
I Ear. Francisco, Thursday, 14 November, 190 L'
• 1 flit ' fl a il^T^*- ¦ iMa
Dresser, $28.00.
¦ Considering the extremely modish design and elejrance' 3 I
Considering the extremely modish design and elegance"
of finish of this dresser, the price we ask is exceptional §
The large French plate mirror is one of the principal fea- i
tures that has made this particular piece a great favorite : B
Made of mahoganized birch and equipped with solid cast ' H
trimmings. The top measures 42 by 22 inches, and there i
are four drawers, the two top ones having swelled fronts I
Price, $28.00. - 3
We have this dresser in birdseye maple also, at the 1
same price. $28.00. - • • S
. ; : -_ ; . a f§
, (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
957 to 977 MarKet Street, Op?. Golden Gate Avenue: §
"FIRST DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH"
ENGAGEMENT DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Mrs. Le Moyne Will Be Succeeded by Willie Collier at Columbia:
" Shore Acres " at California Has an Excellent Cast — The Or
phcum's Attractions the Best — Pollard Juveniles Drawing Well
' ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ 'i •¦' " ¦
*_ __^ j.
THESE are the last nights of one
of the most artistic plays that the
Columbia Theater has presented
for some time, "The First Duch
ess of Marlborough," with Mrs.
Sarah Cowell Le Moyne in the title role.
Mrp. Le Moyne has won a lasting place
in the favor of San Francisco theater
goers, her distinguished art and charming
personality being sure passports to the
immediate admiration of all lovers of a
thoroughly intelligent performance. Mr.
Meltzer's play has only shown a few
facets of this actress' many sided talent,
and, though these are seen at their best,
the audience is left with a strong desire
to know what Mrs. Le Moyne would
do in a role calling for the deeper and
tenderer emotions. Her next play, it la
to be hoped, will show this side "of one
of the most intellectual players that has
bfpn seen on the Columbia boards.
Willie Collier, probably the cleverest
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
THREE CLEVER MEMBERS OF THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION
WHO ARE APPEARING IN LOCAL THEATERS AND WINNING THE
PLAUDITS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO PLAYGOERS.
comedian now on the stage, -will iollow
Mrs. Le Moyne in "On the Quiet," Au
gustus Thomas' new comedy.
• * *
"Shore Acres" is doing excellent busi
ness at the California Theater. The fa
vorite Herne play has a lot of clever peo
ple engaged in its production, and has de
servedly found favor with the patrons of
the house. The scenic accessories are 01
the best, and everything conduces to
make the performance one of the most
notable of the current week. On Sunday
evening next Haverly's Mastodon Mln
?tre!p. with George Wilson, will be her"
The minstrels are thoroughly up to date
and will doubtless prove the usual big
drawing card.
• • •
The Pollard children, with their clever
performance of "The Belle of New York,"
EXTRA SERVICE
FOR PAY CORPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-Paymaster
General Askeny in his annual report rec
ommends that officers of the pay corps
shall be regularly assigned to duty as a
part of the fighting force on shipboard,
and suggests that the pay officer on board
ship should have charge of the powder
division under the ordnance officer, or of
one section of it, when divided, in which
all the personnel of the mess organization
should be stationed at quarters. He says
this would release a line officer on each
ship now assigned to powder duty. It is
said that during the Spanish war this
plan was actually tried, the pay officer
rendering efficient and satisfactory ser
vice in charge of the powder division in
many cases. About seventy pay officers
on hoard ship could be so employed. The
Navigation Bureau has approved the sug
gestion, in view of the shortage of of
ficers. Following this idea further, the
Paymaster General says that In order
that assistant paymasters, upon entering
the service, shall have the requisite
knowledge, the laws should be changed
so that hereafter appointments to the pay
corps would be made from the graduates
of the Naval Academy.
In this connection the Paymaster Gen
eral sneaks of the necessity of a reserve
of pay officers, which in turn would in
volve an increase in the number of pay
masters allowed by law.
Other reforms are proposed: Modifica
tions of the law allowing certified checks
to be issued, instead of bonds, by con
tractors; increased compensation for pay
masters' clerks, and, finally, the need of
more commodious quarters for the Bu
reau of Supplies and Accounts than can
be secured in the Navy Department build
ing.
The Rhine is only 960 miles long, but
drains a territory nearly double the area
of Texas.
have been packing the Tivoli and delight
ed audiences have marveled that such
young people could be brought to such a
state of perfection in acting and general
*tage work. People have raved over the
younger ones, in particular little Daphne
and Madge. They both have made many
conquests in the city, and the chances ar<j
that the company would go away with
out them if they were a few years older.
The show throughout goes with remark
able smoothness, leaving the ages of the
children out of the question, and there
is no doubt that the Pollards have caught
on. Matinee Saturday and Sunday. Next
week "A Gaiety Girl."
"For Fair Virginia" is pleasing Alcazar
patrons, and the drama has a cast that
has not often been equaled in Alcazar
annals. Miss Marion Convere as Virginia
Esmond is winning laurels for herself,
and Margaret Wycherly makes a most
attractive Nell. Edward Esmond is well
taken by M. I. Alsop, and the rest of the
cast is all adequately cared for. Next
week "We-uns of Tennessee" will be put
on, and will be the occasion of the reap
pearance of Miss Juliet Crosby, the fa
vorite actress.
• • •
"The Lights o' • London," George R.
Sims' thrilling melodrama, is being very
well given at the Central Theater this
week. The management has put its best
into the mounting, and some of the scenes
are really excellently done. The cast con
tains the Central's principal stars, among
them Hallett Thompson, the new leading
man; Willard Blackmore, Ernest Howell,
Annette Marshall, Oza Waldrop and Ma
bel Pennock. Next week "The King of
the Opium Ring," an enormously suc
cessful melodramatic piece, will be given.
• » •
This week's programme at the Orpheum
is full of good things. "The Girl With
the Auburn Hair" is creating a legitimate
sensation, the Fraser troupe presents
some excellent Scotch and Irish dancing
and Fred Niblo, the "American mono
loguist," tells new stories, and Joseph
Adelman, the xylophone virtuoso, also
produces sweet music. Lillian Burk
hart's new playlet, "The Eighth Year,"
has made an immediate hit and she and
her capable company get several curtain
calls at every performance. The Onllaw
trio, sensational aeriallsts; Burton's com
edy acrobatic dogs; the Lockos, scientific
bag-punchers, and the biograph complete
an excellent bill. On Sunday the Kauf
mann family of six bicyclists will make
their first American appearance, coming
direct from the London Hippodrome.
• • •
Among the entertainers at Fischer's
Concert House this week are Myrtle
Selwyn, a clever soubrette; Floria, a
Spanish dancer; Carle and Bayle, hori
zontal bar performers; Sid Baxter; Swor
and Hathaway; Bushlaush, an Arablaa
acrobat, and Eleanora Jenkins, the op-
eratic soprano, who has become such a
favorite here. Hinrichs' orchestra is up
to its usual high standard.
• » •
A "fat ladles' running race" is one of the
attractions at the Chutes and Zoo to
night, and the usual "amateur" bill will
also be given.
• * *
The third piano recital to be given by
little Enid Brandt, the wonderful prodigy,
will take place on Saturday afternoon at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall, when an en
tire new and excellent programme will be
presented. Among other great selections
she will play the "Rondo Cappriccioso,"
by Mendelssohn. She will also give her
remarkable test in musical telegraphy
and show her absolute pitch of tone>.
Seats are on sale at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s.
PLAN PLEASURE
FOR MANY TOTS
The managers of the San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children, located
at 1534 Mission street, corner of Twelfth,
will devote their time and efforts on the
afternoon and evening of Thursday next
to a "gift sale" in the Maple room of the
Palace Hotel. There are eighty young
sters in the institution, who are looking
forward to a good time during the holi
days, and as the sole support of the
nursery comes from charity the women
expect a generous response to their ap
peal.
The various tables and features will be
in charge of the following:
Doll table— Mrs. W. S. Leake and Mrs. J. L.
Gould.
Neckwear— Mrs. William Frank, Mrs. E. F.
Preston Mrs. William Thomas and Mrs. M.
H. Hecht.
Fancy cushions— Miss S. E. Cowell, Mrs. F.
V. Wright.
Grab-bag— Mrs. H. E. Osborne.
Apron table— Mrs. A. H. Martin and Mrs. A.
Dernham.
Tailor gown— Mrs. O. B. Burns.
Painting— Mrs. "W. F. Smith.
Home-made candy— Mrs. S. B. McLenegan,
Mrs. M. K. Jackson.
Dolls' hats— Mrs. Guy Manning:.
Refreshments— Mrs. AVllliam HoIHb.
The auxiliary of the nursery, composed
of many young women, will assist in the
various booths, dispense refreshments and
escort guests to the most popular parts
of the hall.
The following women comprise the
board of management:
Mrs. James Bertz, president; Mrs. James
Elder and Miss S. E. Cowell. vice presidents;
Mrs. S. B. McLenegan, treasurer; Mrs. W.^E.
Jackson, secretary; Mrs. J. L. Gould, cor
responding secretary; Mrs. William Hollls,
Mrs. E. F. Preston, Mrs. H. E. Osborne, Mis*
C. V. Trulow, Mrs. William Frank, Mrs. Guy
E. Manning, Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs. O. B.
Burns. Mrs. A. H. Martin. Mrs. M. H. Hecht.
Mrs. F. V. Wright, Mrs. W. S. Leake. Mrs.
Albert Dernham, Mrs R. H. Countryman, Mrs.
H. E. Law, Mrs. Charles Crowell
WARNS CITIZENS
AGAINST APATHY
Congressman Loud Says
Seattle Is Getting
Our Trade.
Favors Policy of Selfishness
as City's Hope for.
Prosperity.
Congressman Eugene F. Loud, in an
address delivered last evening before tho
Richmond Improvement Club, declared
that the inauguration of transcontinental
railroad communication in 1869 marked
the commencement of San Francisco's
retrogression, and that ¦ Seattle, unlesa
prevented by the strenuous efforts of San
Francisco's friends, will soon control the
trade of the Orient as well as that of
Alaska.
It was the regular meeting of the club,
which is one of the most active organiza
tions of its kind in the city. Congress
man Loud has been a good friend to the
Richmond district, and his presence at
the meeting last night was made the oc
casion to extend to him the district's
thanks for past favors.
The Congressman was introduced by
Chairman O. K. Cushing and spoke in
part as follows;
When I addressed this club a year ago I told
you that all I could speak to you about was
what 1 didn't know about improvement clubs.
It ia embarrassing, you know, to a man who
talks only politics to talk about improvements.
Improvement clubs, I see. have been establish
ed all over the city. They have been establish
ed for the benefit of the respective communi
ties.
City's Retrogression.
With the coming of the transcontinental rail
road in 1869 San Francisco's retrograde move
ment began. It continued until IS9B. Up to
1869 San Francisco controlled the trade of the
.entire Pacific Slope. It was the distributing
'point for the entire West. The .incoming of
the transcontinental line and subsequent rail
road development caused the establishment of
distributing points all over this territory. This
all came from San Francisco's championing the
cause of outside places. San Francisco took the
lead in the protest which led to the establish
ment of all these terminal points. We began
with Reno. This was followed with others,
and gradually the railroads took away from
San Francisco all the increased trade.
From 1869 and until IS9S, when the Spanish-
American War began. San Francisco has lived
on the trade of the central and northern parts
of the State. The outbreak of the war brought
San Francisco to the front as the city in the
center of the universe. Men of means began to
look to this port as the place from where the
trade of the Pacific would ultimately be con
trolled. But we can't sit down and just let
all this happen. We must fight for our posi
tion. Let San Francisco become one grand im
provement club. Seattle is now running us a
sharp race. She has secured the Alaska trade
and now bids fair to get the best of the trade
with the Orient. Seattle works for Seattle. Let
us remember that selfishness is the controlling
factor .of success. Humanitarianism is beauti
ful only theoretically. If you have anything
you don't want, let the other fellow have that.
We can compete with the rest of the world only
when we put ourselves on the same plane aa
the rest of the world. I hope to see men of
all classes In this city working together for
the best interests of San Francisco. Seattle
and other places will take care of themselves.
Elected an Honorary Member.
In response to some questions regard
ing the postofflce in the Richmond dis
trict Mr. Loud said the fact that there
was no foreign money order department
there was the result of oversight on the
part of the local authorities. He said the
American postal system was the greatest
in the world.
The club adopted resolutions thanking
Mr. Loud for his past interest in the
Richmond district and asking his services
in the securing of more letter carriers for
that end of town. The club also elected
the Congressman an honorary member
O. X Cushing, George R. Fletcher and
j H. U. Joudin were appointed to represent
! the club at the Chinese Exclusion Con
| vention on November 22. J. M. Wilkins
addressed the meeting and told how a
few words spoken to Congressman Loud
some years ago had resulted in the es
tablishment of a postofflce at the Cliff
House.
"I know it," he said, "for I'm Post
master and I get $100 a year from the
Government for my services."
Beat Horse With Gaspipe.
Frederick Carter, a teamster for the
Overland Freight and Transfer Company,
was arrested yesterday afternoon on a
warrant by Officers McCurrie and Hooper
of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals. He is accused on the com
plaint of W. F. Smith, coal dealer of
beating his horse on Grant avenue Tues
day with a piece of gaspipe about three
inches long. When Carter was arrested
he claimed he accidentally struck the
horse.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-eiNIMIWIWIMIMIWIMIWIMIMIKINIWIMINIItIWINIWIMIWIWII*
! ••; i; ' ¦¦¦¦•] ¦ . ¦¦ i
I NEVER SOLD |
I TILL |
[ 10 YEARS OLD j
j §
| B Hunter !
\ \to*m*£ Baltimore 1
'¦ ' ¦
i|rc{P||ra 10 Years Old !
ißyKyKi pur ® fr ° m the *
i IMnHBvV beginning, and in |
t LljjltifOTfifllV 10 years becomes i
| MNB3DidMM the finest type of i
i liljPJWWWBffiHi! the finest whiskey |
• MHnBfIIJK made.
P a ¦.; ¦"'.¦" : ¦ . ••¦ =
i V CHRISTY & WISE COUinRSIOW CO., Ino_ i
i 225-288 California St., San Francisco, C»l. I
j; Telephone Main E73. 5
ill«l«l«tlMI«l«IMIMI«l«IMI«tl«l«lttl«l«l«l«l«IMI«lf)l«-
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used Jby people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 E& '*• 1051MAaSITST.t«t.6A47ti, S.?.C»I. d
V Xl ¦ \,, Th *"*s"* Anatomical Museum in the A
-W ' JB?*bW *r orld - W«kne»ses or any contracted A
A flSslft ? se " c po.HWrly c.red by the oldest V
• IKJH| Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 years. O
4 gJ3 fj J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A I WH|jsß TT * ultation free nd strictly private. \
O B ©"Bt H -Troatment personally or by letter. A A
•\IW tI H ¦ p< " itiva Curt in " eI 7 ease undertaken. ¥
iff II M Writefor Book. PBILO9UPHY of i
W ¦ II ' II 1 * MAR 11 1 AGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
¦. .'/I t ¦/L * valuable book for mm) ...¦'. \
" ¥ OR. IOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. . S. F. V
DOCTOR AND PATIENT
Are Equally Gratified With Pe-ru-na for
Winter Diseases.
If Mrs //* *^^~& ; *"*~-^f £
Carrie v^
I JAMES \<^\ '
Mrs. Carrie James, "Woodward avenue, Memphis, Term., writes:
"I gladly recommend Peruna, for I have found by experience that it is
the best medicine to cure a cold or influenza; in fact, any throat or lung
trouble. I have experienced immediate relief if I took a few doses after
catching cold, and endorse it heartily." MRS. CARRIE JAMES.
<\oi">ri»t nf Wpfllth Tip Q * R Hart dence, R. 1., Vice President W. C. T. U.,
OeCrei OI nealin-Ur. O. ..IS. : nan- charter member the Rebekahs. Honorary
man Procirlont nf th» Hartman Member of the Maccabees, writes:
man, president 01 me nanman .. The question of medicine is of mtie in-
PnlnrhhilQ 0 IntPP- terest to those who are well, but when
Oanildnum, UOlUmuUb, v., inier- you are sick and able to assume your
viPWPd On thP SllhfpPt Of WintPP usual duties the question of the right
YICYVCU UII UIC.OUUJCLIUI nilUCl medicine becomes most important.
Diseases;- - ' "For catarrhal conditions usually
He said the first thing: is to keep the brought on by colds, I know by actual
feet warm and dry somehow, no matter -• •* - It. aal • \n.- ¦
how, but be sure to keep the feet both experience that there is nothing in
warm and dry. Next, keep the chest the entire mate ria me die a which mill
warm seven days every week, four weeks Tne nT/ra maxena meaica Wh/cn win
every month; exercise freely in the open perform a Cure SO thoroughly as
f^e%?u^^^l\ZT^ti r °° m and Peruna. I consider it a very superior
indi^uaTan SoTufe iSIESS? &SS- ™* r "l**™ 0 / **°™°°* " f
disease in spite of slush and mud. rain different trOUOIeS which usually TOl-
and sleet, wind and damp, and sudden /_ ij . :n: nn mm a n * wan-thai* "
changes in the temperature. low cola ana '"Clement weattier.
Peruna has no equal. It cleanses, MRS. M. R. HALL.
strengthens, soothes, purifies, invigoiates,
regulates and restores. - Mrs - Carrie Bode. Lebanon, Oregon.
writes *
Pe-ru-na Cured Catarrh of the Lungs »i am to-day the wonder of Lebanon.
AfTor "Dnr+OT^ : Failed * was the most miserable and sick person
Arter uoexors Jiaiiea. on earth and every one gave me up to
Mrs. J. Kempf, 875 Park avenue, Brook- die, as ray case was similar to consump-
lyn, N. V., writes: :¦¦ tlon. After a severe spell of pneumonia
"Last winter I had a very severe cold I tried all kinds of doctors and medicines
which settled on my lungs. I went to without any benefit until I took Peruna,
the doctor for some time, but none of his and after using, seven bottles I am again
medicine did me any good. Having read sound and well. I am sure that Peruna
some testimonials to the value of Peruna, saved my life."
I decided to try it, at the same time writ- MRS. CARRIE BODE,
ing Dr. Hartman for advice. I took five if you do not derive prompt and satls-
bottles of Peruna according to his direc- factory results from the use of Peruna,
tions, and am now as well as ever, and write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
all the symptoms of catarrh are gone. I full statement of your case, and he will
cannot praise Peruna enough, and hope be pleased to give you his valuable advice
all - sufferers will take Peruna without gratis,
further delay." ' MRS. J. KEMPF. Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
¦Mrs. M. R. Hall, 41 Arch street, Provi- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
THE MOST CONSPICUOUS
part of your attire is your linen. It must
be perfectly laundered if you would pre-
sent a correct appearance. If you send
your linen to the U. S. Laundry it will be (
returned to you promptly, clean and
whole, starched and finished in the most
perfect manner. You will always find our.
work satisfactory.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street
Telephone— South 4-20.
Oakland Offlctt— s4- San Pablo Aye.
SifjII^MEN and
/^Ht' ?? vFItIL.II
.••vAtßHCi 'j^^^B^j-* Can obtain renew-
.Vf v -W|F»7T > / JBF*> ed str«ncth and
/ /^!jMK^Bßßß^\'' v or by tne use o£
> V*^f|W'V s> I "ELEOTBI CBELT"
«nd Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity Is the remedy! Buy no Beit until
you see Dr. Pierces . for it is th» BEST.
Thousands cured!
¦ • [CrCaH at office or send a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. I." Address PIERCK
ELECTRIC CO., 20« Post St.. San Fran-
cisco. Eastern office— Broadway. New
.York.. ',;¦¦• . " .'-.-•
| BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT. RESTORATIVE. IMVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. .- -¦ ... -
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. ¦
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on. its own merits. -
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents, ;
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR. HALL'S BEINVIGOmOR|SrafS
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five ft2r^pft #
hundred reward for any case we Hi BE*
cannot' cure. This secret remedy I 4
cures Emissions, Impotency, HE9 KjT
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Bjfi **)
Strictures, Drains, .; Lost Man- mj IyJJ
hood and all other wasting ef- Bjfl fsf
fects'of self-abuse -or excesses. . I^GIiWSJi
Sent ' sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, »3; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or -address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 868 Bro»i-
way, Oakland. Cal. , Also fcr sale at . lf7J
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book.
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
• * — of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the Slst day of December, A.
D. 1900. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tne>
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
" CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ~.. $300,000 00
ASSETS. ~~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $553,366 50
Cash in Company's Office.... 1,992 M
Cash in Banks 19,189 39
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,302 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 46.640 11
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid....... 142 23
Total Assets ..........$624,633 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,232 \J
Losses In process of Adjustment or In •
Suspense 11,90* (3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less. $170,384 62;
reinsurance 50 per cent 85,193 U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run- -. .
' ning more than one year, $151,748 05;
reinsurance pro rata 84.113 «0
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 5,308 61
All other liabilities ' 19.678 47
- Total Liabilities $209,431 43
INCOME. ' *
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $211,993 13
j Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
; other sources 21. 615 13
Received from all other sources S2O 29
Total Income $234,431
EXPENDITURES. "'
i Nat amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
, eluding $20,941 90. losses of previous
i years) $131.184 23
Dividends to Stockholders 9,000 (»
; Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 47.023 51
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
: charges for officers, clerks, etc 20, 551
Paid fcr 1 State, National and Local
taxes : R. 313 73
All other payments and expenditures.. 31,643 85
Total Expenditures 5231.45S CO
j Losses Incurred during the year — Jl -'P.. Cl 42
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. Premiums.
j Net amount of Risks
I written during the - .
! year ' $2?.544,503 $304.187 11
Net amount of Risk.?
expired during the
year .........:.; 23.241,338 261,113 54
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.. .. 30.356.555 f 322.132 67
FRANCIS PEA BODY. President.
HENRY S. r'\-\\ Secretary.
¦ Subscribed %nd «wcrn to before me. thi3 4tJj
i day of February. JMI.
GEORGE M AMERIfJE.
HJ Public.
I PACIFIC COAST DEPART
urns & stovel,
- ¦ . - ¦
Genera' A£ent3,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco. Col*
56
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 14, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. " :g
AUrtm All CcxicctlcEticm to W. 8. LEAK. *aug*r. [ j
; MANAGER'S OFFICE - .Telephone Pre«« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Third," S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221. Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. *
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single. Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including; Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year -. $«.»
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), C month» 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), *3 months ; . 1.50
DAILY CALL— Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year .?. 1.89
WEEKLY CALL, One Year : -••- 1-00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded -when requested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to «lv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE! KROGXESS.
lutftr rtnifß Adrtrtisi&r. Xarqattti Building, Cilcigo.
. ! (Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAHLTOX Herald Sftnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
i STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building:
NETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 11 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: i
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; ¦ Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. .. .1400 G St.. ». W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES ST7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:3» o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mlsrton. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
• until * o'clock. 10* Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
— "Lights o' London."
Gracd Opera-bouse— "Tannhauser.**
Alcazar— "Tor Fair Virginia."
Columbia— First Duchess of Marlboro ujh."
OTphetim— Vaudeville.
California— "Shore Acres."
Tivoli— '•The Belle of New York."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. " ' • '
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack— Race* to-day.
.AUCTION SALES.
t By S. Watkins— This day, at 11 o'clock, Horsee, at 1106
Golden Gate avenue. ' ¦ ¦
FILIPINO ASPIRATIONS.
WE get but little idea of the Philippine situa
tion from official reports. These deal truth
fully with official conditions, the state of the
revenues, the cost of civil and military administra
tion, but they give no glimpse of the condition of the
iv . elve m'llions of people on the islands, of their so
cial and industrial state and their civic aspirations.
It is beginning to be apparent that too much has
been expected, immediately, from the presence of
several hundred American teachers among that peo
ple. The work they may do will appear in two or
three gtnerations from now. but for the present will
but slightly change the spirit of the people. In the
fiuet pace, they are a conquered people. As for
learning and letters, they had both when Magellan
visited them, and they were independent. They had
partaker of the East Indian civilization. They had
felt the Vedantic missionary touch before Buddhism
was. So they have a past that is a history of law and
social order among them, preceding the settlement
of this continent by their conquerors. They are now
moving along on the line of an aspiration for au
tcnomy and for a limited self-government. We may
»l well realize that our rule, being that of a con
queror, is no more acceptable than that of Spain.
They have adopted one American practice, for
they have held a convention and passed resolutions.
This body sat in Manila, and, as we learn by direct
advices, it represented a constituency of 300,000 mem
bers of the Federal party, from all the islands and
including all the tribes. Senors Tavera and Legarda
of the United States Philippine Commission were
delegates, as were three members of the Supreme
Court. This convention debated the suppression of
the religious communities, the demand for general
amnesty, the return of Filipinos whom we have ex
ied and the erection of a territorial government. It
finally adopted a petition to Congress asking that the
islands be made a Territory of the United States,
with a Governor appointed by the President, with a
Legislature of two houses, the upper one to consist
of thirty members, sixteen of whom shall be elected
by the people and the other fourteen to be appointed
by the Governor. They also demand two delegates
of the islands to the United States Senate. This is a
novelty. Our Territories heretofore have had dele
gates to the House, but we have no doubt that
Hawaii. Oklahoma. New Mexico and Arizona will
join these bright Filipino politicians in demanding
admission by delegate to the Senate also. Indeed,
there is considerable merit in the plan. Strict jus
tice to those people will require that they have in
some form direct representation in our Congress.
Humanity and political expediency require this. The
iate Consul General Wildman early warned our
Government that the Filipinos could not safely be
treated as we have treated our Indians. As we have
made Commissioners and Supreme Court Justices of
them, they have the right to inquire why they may
not have delegate representation in our Congress,
and why should we say "no"? This drama has un
folded and the scroll cannot be rolled up now, but
must be unrolled to the end.
The convention by resolution stated the ravage
and impoverishment caused by our war of conquest
and asked the American Congress to authorize the
issue of $100,000,000 of fifty-year 3 per cent bonds to
put the people on their industrial feet again.
In fact, looking over the character and proceedings
of this representative body an American is compelled
to admit that it compared favorably with any con
vention held during the year anywhere in our do
minions, and in some respects was quite superior to
the constitutional convention of Cuba.
It is a beginning, and further manifestations of
ideas on civil government by those people will be
awaited with interest.
Memphis is to give Admiral Schley a sUver service,
so he will get something out of the court of inquiry
after °U that vs. ill be worth looking at.
JUVENILE CRIME.
IN searching for the origin of the criminal ten
dency the penologists are going back to the in
fluences of juvenile life. The theories of Lom
broso and the other believers that there is abnormal
ity in man which is incorrigible are not altogether ac
cepted, since in scores of cases criminals are found
free of the stigmata of degeneracy. When the assas
sin Czolgosz was photographed the tyros in the
school of Lombroso thought they saw in his face the
stamp of degeneracy. But the scientific report upon
him expressly declares that he bore none of the ab
normal stigmata.
Going back to the origin of crime in the early im
pressions of life made in childhood, there is a grow
ing school which believes that a child started on the
lap of a good mother and well and wisely trained,
and protected against evil impressions and contacts
during the years that precede maturity of judgment,
may be considered safe from criminal action, except
in the case of those crimes of passion which are no
proof of criminal instinct.
During the late session of the Congress of Mothers
in Princeton, 111., an address was delivered by Judge
C. J. Neely of the Juvenile Court of Chicago. That
court is organized as a branch of the judicial estab
lishment, which has charge of all matters relating to
juvenile crime and incorrigibility. The fact that in a
great American city a special tribunal is required for
that, purpose emphasizes the importance of it and
gives one an unpleasant realization of the extent to
which crime is rooted in juvenile life in this country.
Judge Neely said that the prevention of crime is of
more importance than its cure. He condemned the
severity of penalties for minor offenses and their
lightness for offenses of greater gravity, and advised a
reformation of the juvenile penal code in that respect.
He found the origin of much crime in juvenile idle
ness and the want of early training. He regards the
kindergarten as a part of the public school system
as a great safeguard, because it introduces those
ideas of form, color and spatial relations which are
the foundation of knowledge of the trades and han
dicrafts. Given this foundation, and all juveniles
who have a bent toward the handicrafts begin early
the mental habit which aids them in the direction of
their natural impulse.
A frightful condition is disclosed by the penal
statistics of the L T nited States. A heavy percentage
of the native American criminals are found to be
under 30, and their criminal career to have begun in
their Of these a very small percentage are
'found to have aay trade or handicraft by which to
earn bread. They are by no means illiterate, but are
found to have a fair common school education. This
last fact is made use of by the opponents of our pub
lic school system, who charge that the germs of
crime are acquired in school. This is not true. The
fault seems to be that when the school training is
acquired there is some foreclosure of opportunity
that blocks the way of American youth into the han
dicrafts and vocations for which their public school
education is a preparation. Idleness at that precise
point in juvenile life is a canker that soon eats away
all the uprightness and virtue inculcated at home and
in school, and its awful consequences appear in the
army of young criminals found in our jails, peniten
tiaries and State schools for the incorrigible. These
serious problems appeared concurrently with the de
cay of the apprenticeship system, and have increased
in gravity as we get further away from it.
As Judge Neely sees benefit in the kindergarten
we incline to the opinion that the start made there
should not be lost, but that with the kindergarten
preceding the primary classes in the public schools
the grammar grade should be supplemented by the
mechanical school. In a completely equipped me
chanical school any trade or handicraft may be
thoroughly learned. The great need of this country
is. and is to be, for skilled workmen. Why is it that
in every branch of American industry men are found
in charge who were born and trained abroad? In
all our metal and smelting works that is the rule.
Going further, the same state of affairs is found
among the workmen. It is fortunate for our indus
tries that we are able to command the services of
these trained men. but it is unfortunate for our insti
tutions that Americans who should fill their due per
centage of these places are morally rotting in prisons
and reform schools.
It is time that the promoters of our public school
system everywhere should appreciate the importance
of this practical form of education. Against it will
arise complaints about the cost. But we affirm that
it costs the taxpayers less to make a self-supporting,
skilled mechanic out of a boy than it does to police
him. stand his depredations upon property, catch
him and either hang him or support him in prison. It
will soon be seen that what we add to the expense of
om schools i**faken out of the cost of administering
our criminal law.
It is announced that the French Minister of Com
merce. If. Millerand, proposes to establish in this
country a French school in which young Frenchmen
can be instructed in American industrial methods. It
would seem, however, to be cheaper and better if the
Minister would send his students to enter at some
American school already established. What is the
use of a French school to teach Americanism?
DOCKING HORSES' TAILS.
FROM the persistency with which fashion holds
to the perverse custom of docking the tails of
horses it is evident the existing laws enacted to
prevent the practice are inadequate for the purpose.
It is said they are ineffective in this State by reason
of the difficulty of proving who docked the tail of any
particular horse, or even that the offense had been
committed in the State. Whatever be the nature of
the defect, it is certainly sufficiently serious to pre
vent the enforcement of the statute, and dock-tailed
horses are as common as they were before the
statute was enacted.
In considering the best means of providing an
effective law it would be well to profit by what has
been accomplished in the way of protecting game by
statute. It is conceded that the game laws not only
of this but of other States have been drawn up so
judiciously that however objectionable they may be
in certain details they are about as effective as
statutes can be. In nearly every important State in
the Union they are enforced so strictly and have so
well stood the test of the courts that game is fairly
well protected. It would seem) then, that if our laws
against the docking of horses' tails were drawn with
the precision of the game laws it would be about as
easy to erforce the cne as the other, and mutilated
horses would be about as rare on our streets as
game in our markets out of season.
One of the most effective provisions of the game
laws is that which forbids any person to have above
a certain amount of game in his possession at any
time, or any of it at all out of season. The restric
tion auolics whether the game be obtained in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
State or imported from the outside. A similar pro
vision with respect to dock-tailed horses would
doubtless have an equally good effect. It would be
unfair and inexpedient to forbid any one in California
to keep a horse whose tail is now docked, but a
statute might be enacted which would forbid any one
to own a dock-tailed horse under two years of
age, or at least subject such owner to a heavy fine.
Such a law would have the effect of preventing the
docking of young horses in this State or the inpor
tation of yoang dock-tailed horses from other
States. As the old horses died off there would
be a decrease in the number of dock-tailed horses in
use in fashionable circles, and a consequent diminu
tion of the force of the fashion. Eventually the cus
tom would die out altogether, and the State would
be rid of the pernicious practice.
Fashion is responsible for many forms of folly, but
hardly any is more cruel or more perverse than this.
The tail cf a horse is not only necessary to the com
fort of the animal but is one of his chief beauties.
The docking process not only deprives the horse of
his only means of protecting himself against flies and
other insects, but it also diminishes his attractive
ness in the/ eyes of any one who is genuinely appre
ciative of what a horse should be. It is time to
break up the senseless custom, and to that end the
statutes against it should be made as stringent as
those which protect game.
After all the glowing reports of the electric trains
in Germany that were to run 100 miles an hour, it
appears that all attempts to attain that rate of speed
for any considerable distance have been unsuccessful.
It is not likely that there has been any great loss
to the world by the failure, for very few people would
care to travel at that rate even if they could.
EUROPEAN as well as American students of
economic questions have begun to give atten
tion to the rapidity with which the forests of
the world are being destroyed. Thus the Westminster
Gazette recently noted tha* increasing demands' for
timber in Great Britain and Germany are faced by
decreasing supplies from Norway, Russia and Hun
gary. At present Great Britain is importing wood
of an annual value of £22,000,000, while Germany im
ports wood annually to the value of ii 4,000,000.
Europe is unable to meet that demand, and accord
ingly wood is imported from this country, from
Canada, from Australia and elsewhere.
It is not Germany and Great Britain alone that im
port timber. Some of the British colonies are them
selves importers, and the value of their imports
reaches annually the sum of ii 8,000,000. The de
crease in the timber supply is not, however, the
whole question. There is the further evil of cli-
matic changes brought about by denuding the hills of
their forests. The change for the worse is already
noted in many parts of Europe, and countries once
fertile and blessed with a climate suitable for man
and his works are now becoming well nigh uninhabit
itable.
As illustrations of these changes the Westminster
Gazette says: "Bosnia is a country enjoying the
possession of vast forests, and is separated from the
sea by great mountain ranges rising in the Dinaric
Alps to some 6000 feet. Herzegovina, to the south
of Bosnia, has hardly any forests at all. To the west
of Herzegovina, toward the middle of the Adriatic,
is the island of Lissa, a name of ill-omen in the rec
ords of the Italian navy. The summer temperature
of Bosnia is from 4 degrees to 8 degrees Fahrenheit
cooler thai 1 in the mere southerly Herzegovina, and
nearly 2 degrees below that of the sea-girt Lissa. Or,
again, take the shores of the Caspian. On the west
ern coast we have ,1 great forest region. On the
east extend countless acres of desert, sand and stone.
The result is a summer cool and dry at Lenkoran,
but intolerable on the opposite coast of the great in
land sea. Thus results of the most unexpected and
far-reaching nature may be the outcome of the ill
considered deforestation of a country."
At the present time the British Government is
making extensive plantations of forest trees in India
for the double purpose of forming a timber supply
and improving the climate so as to check the pe
riodical droughts that bring famine in their train.
So successful have these plantations been it is be
lieved that in the near future they will constitute one
of the most valuable assets of the Indian Govern
ment. The Australians and the Canadians have
profited by the experience of Europe and they have
adopted measures to nfford something at least of pro
tection to their forest areas.
In this country the waste goes on more rapidly
than anywhere else in the world. In no direction
does the resistless energy of the American people
show itself more potently than in the destruction of
forests. Moreover, in this respect we are nearly as
wasteful as. energetic, and the amount of timber de
stroyed by fire is almost equal to that cut for com
mercial purposes.
In California we have had many a disastrous
warning on this subject. Our annual bill of losses
by forest fires is enormous. The damage done is
far in excess of the cost of adequate protection.
Sooner or later we will learn the lesson which
Europe has learned at such a stupendous cost, and if
we are wise we will learn it before 'we have had to
pay an equal price.
The adoption by Australia of a flag of her own N has
brought about a good deal of a flurry in London,
and particularly among military and naval men. Ad
miral de Horsey, for example, says: "The ancient
British flag is good enough for the whole empire.
Why should Australia adopt a flag, which, however
artistic, must rank second to that of the empire and
which no foreign warships visiting Australia could
ever properly salute?" Such are the questions that
are troubling the British, but up to this time we have
not heard of their troubling the Australians.
Richard Croker, in commenting upon the recent
New York election, seems to have made a curious
blunder. He said that it rained and defeat came to
him, as he is not a mud horse. Everybody else in
America believed that Mr. Croker's natural element
was mud— social, political and moral.
Thus far this year John D. Rockefeller has drawn
$19,200,000 in dividends from the Standard Oil Com
pany. It is to be hoped, for the general belief which
entertained of the goodness of human nature, that
Mr. Rockefeller thinks he earned his salary.
As a result of the elections it appears the Demo
crats will gain a Senator in Maryland and another
in Kentucky, but that will make no difference to the
country. The majority in the Senate is all right.
Sir Thomas Lipton intends to name his next chal
lenger Shamrock Third. Is it possible that he has
forgotten that there can be only two yachts in the
race and that his boat will be ridiculously misnamed?
•
THE WASTE OP FORESTS.
CARTHUSIAN MONKS ARE BANISHED
FROM THEIR 1000-YEAR-OLD HOME
MONASTERY IN FRANCE IN "WHICH FOR HUNDREDS OF YEARS THE CARTHUSIAN MONKS HAVE LIVED,
AND WHICH THEY HAVE BEEN FORCED TO ABANDON BECAUSE OF THE RECENT ENACTMENT OF
WHAT IS KNOWN AS THE "ASSOCIATIONS LAW."
THE monastery of La Grande Chartreuse, in the Isere
Department of France, after nearly 1000 years of benefi
cent activity, has just been deserted by the Carthusian
monks, and the world's supply of the rich liqueur which
bears their name has been stopped at its source. The new
"associations law" of France has driven the friars out of the
country and the republic incidentally loses one of her largest
sources of revenue. The Order of the Carthusians was founded
by the holy St. Bruno in 1081 and the first monastery was built
on the site occupied by the present one. The latter buildings
FORUM CLUB'S
RECEPTION IS A
GREAT SUCCESS
The ladies of the Forum Club held their
fifth annual reception yesterday in their
'¦ elegant clubrooms on Sutter street. It
! was a very elaborate Affair, splendidly
- planned, excellently managed and quite
! worthy of the many ladies who are active
, members of the club.
The hall was most beautifully decorated
for the occasion with gTeat palms and
: splendid yellow chrysanthemums, thus
I carrying out the colors of the club— grean
and gold. Mrs. J. H. Gilmore, one of the
'. club members assumed entire charge of
j the decorations, and the artistic results
achieved were all owing to that lady's
efforts.
The hours of the reception were from 2
! till 5. There was a splendid musical pro
gramme during the afternoon. A string
: orchestra was in attendance. Mrs. Paul
i Freidhofer and Mrs. Grace Morel DicK
man sang. Miss Mollie Pratt was the ac
i companist.
Mrs. E. G. Dennlston received the
guests, assisted by the following named
officers and members of the club:
Klrst vice president, Mrs. J. Homer Frltch;
; second vice president, Mrs. John P. Young;
third vice president. Mrs. L. R. Ellert. Board
, of directors— Mrs. AVinslow Anderson, Mrs. C.
H. Mann, Mrs. S. J. Hently, Mrs. F. S. Kel
logg, Mrs. Henry Payot. Mrs. George Spauld
ing, Mrs. Frank Fredericks, Mrs. \V. M.
I Swett, Mrs. John H. Gilmore, Mrs. George
Levlston, Miss May Shannon, Miss Mabel A.
, Aver. Recording secretary. Mrs. S. E. Knowles;
corresponding secretary, Miss Ivy M. Bauer;
treasurer. Miss Louise Elliott.
Reception committee — Mrs. Frank Fredericks,
chairman; Mrs. George W. Caswell, Mrs. H.
L. Jones, Mrs. John W. Ruggles, Mrs. A. J.i
Raisch, Mrs. M. F. Gabbs, Mrs. A. W. Jack
son, Mrs. William ChamberUn, Mrs. S. Marcus
1 and Mrs. Walter Lovegrove.
Invitations were issued to the officers
I of all the other woman's ciubs and to
I each member of the Forum Club was ex
; tended the privilege of entertaining one
guest.
'Ihe following named ladies, all mem
bers of the club, were among those pres
; ent:
Mrs. John C. Adams. Mrs. F. H. Abbott. Mrs.
! Winslow Anderson, Mrs. William H. Avery,
'¦ Miss Mabel Adams Ayer, Mrs. Willis E.
Bacheller, Mrs. William T. Baggett. Mrs. Will
iam G. Barrett, Mrs. George Bailey, Mrs. B. J.
Bat tarns, Mrs. E. Bauer, Miss Ivy M. Bauer,
Mrs. Percy Beamish, Mrs. H. B. Berryman,
! Mrs. T Bickel, Mrs. Alfred L. Btack, Mrs.
! Charles K. Blake. Mrs. W. H. Brown, Mrs. H. J
turkhart. Mrs. William Burd, Mrs. Wellington
! C. Burnett. Mrs. D. A. Camblein, Mrs. J. C.
Campbell. Mrs. Harris Cerbert Capwell. Mrs.
George W. Caswell, Mrs. William Charnberhn.
Mrs. William Cluff. Mfs. B. F. Clark, Mrs. J.
! B. H. Cooper, Mrs. Alvah R. Conklin, Miss
; Carrie L. Cook, Mrs. E. A. Cox. Mrs. George
H. Crosby, Mrs. Edward .Bowie Cutter.
Mrs. John T. Dare, Mrs. Edward Gere
Denniston, Mrs. I. T. Doane. Mrs. George
E. Dow, Miss J. A. Dwyer, Mrs. L. R. Eilert.
Miss Louise Elliott, Mrs. C. H. Evans, Mrs.
D. L. Farnsworth, Mrs. J. P. H. Farrell, Miss
Josephine Feusler, Mrs. Louis G. Feusier Mrs.
I. L. Flood, Mrs. Tlrey L. Ford, Mrs. M. R.
Foster, Mrs. Frank F. Fredericks. Miss Mabel
V. Freeman, Mrs. J. Homer Fritch, Mrs. M.
T. Gabba. Mrs. P. G. Galpin. Mrs. M. Gard
ner, Mrs. John H. Gilmore, Mrs. Charles
Goodall, Dr. Alice Goss, Mrs. Charles B.
Greene. Mrs. J. R. Hanliy, Mrs. J. T.
Harmes, Mrs. Louis J. Harrison, Mrs. A.
L. Hart, Mrs. Alvinza O. Hazelhurst, Mrs.
Alvlnza Hayward, Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard.
Mrs. Marshall Hale. Mrs. Henry A. Hedger,
Mrs. S J. Hcndy, Mrs. J. D. Hodgen Mrs.
William Hollis, Mrs. Herbert F. Hodgden.
Mrs. Ralph B. Hooper, Mrs. Le Roy Hough,
Mrs. H. B. Hunt, Mrs. A. W. Jackson, Mrs.
Frank Jaynes, Mrs. H. I. Jones, Mrs. L. A.
Kelley. Mrs. Fred S. Kellogg, Mrs. F. S.
Kelly. Mrs. C. J. King. Mrs. Charles Mason
Kinne, Mrs. Theklay Kleinclaus. Mrs. S. E.
Knowles, Mrs. H. Law, Mrs. J. R. Lame.
Mrs. George Levlston, Mrs. G. W. Llpp
: man. Mrs. Walter R. Lovegrove, Mrs. J.
A. W. Lundborg, Mrs. A. L. Mann Mrs.
' Charles H. Mann, Mrs. H. R Manni Mrs.
Siegfried Marcus, Mrs. Theodore H. Mac Do
nald, Mrs. J. L. Martel, Miss Jennie McFarland
Miss K. M. Mihan, Mrs. W. F. Mills. Mrs.
Thomas Morffew, Mrs. Charles C. Moore, Mrs.
Louis Moore, Mrs. J. H. Morton, Mrs. J. S.
Morgan. Mrs G E. Mayhew Mrs C. C New
hall. Mrs. G. S. Noble. Mrs. C. P. Osgood.
Mrs. Redmond W. Payne, Mrs. Henry Payot,
Mrs. J. W. Pew. Mrs. T. G. Phelps. Mrs. M.
E. Pendleton, Mrs. A. J. Raisoh, Mrs. Edward
Allen Reddy, Mrs. Patrick Reddy. Mrs. Martin
Regensburger. Mrs. F. A. Robbins. Mrs. B. N.
Rowley, Mrs. John W. Ruggles. Mrs. Johik I.
Sabln, Miss Agnes Sadler. Mrs. A. W. Scott,
Miss India W. Scott, Mrs. J. B. Schroeder.
Mme. de Seminario. Miss May W. Shannon,
Mrs George Spauldinß, Mrs. G. W. Spencer.
Mrs. Ward Smith. Mrs. William T. Smith.
Mrs. Jonathan Swelgert. Mrs. W. M. Swett,
Mrs. James Shea. Mrs. E. B. Stonehill, Mrs.
E. R. Taylor, Mrs. William P. Thomas, Mrs.
Louis Thors. Mrs. George D. Toy. Mrs. J. L.
i Trusiow. Mrs. A. P. Van Duzer, Miss Eliza
beth Wainwright. Mrs. Alonzo A. Watkins,
Mrs. Charles H. Watt, Mrs. Rolla V. Watt,
Mrs. Oscar T. Weber. Mrs. Henry S. Welch,
Mrs. C. J. Wetmore, Mrs. Robert White. Mrs.
F. L. Whitney. Mrs. William Willis. Mrs. Alex
; Wilson, Mrs. Joseph Winterburn. Mrs. John
I P. Young, Mme. Belloni Zifferer, Mrs. Phebf
NEW ADVEHTLSEMENTS.
VACCINATION AND DANDBTJPF.
There Is as Sure Prevention of Bald-
ness as There Is of Smallpox.
It is now accepted that vaccination ren-
ders the vaccinated person exempt from
smal'prx; or at worst, he never has any-
thing tut the lightest kind of n. case.
Now as sure a preventive an-3 cure for
dandruff, ?.hich causes falling hai:- mid
baldness, has been discovered- Newbro's
HerplcSde. It kills the dandruff serm.
C. H. Reed. Victor, Idaho, says: "My-
self and wife have been troubled with
dandruff and falling hair for several
yearu. We tried remedies without effect
until we used Newbro's Herpiclde, two
bottles of Ashich cured us." Hundreds of
similar testimonials.
are nearly 400 years old and in them was manufactured tha
yellow, green and white chartreuse, so loved as an after dinner
cordial by good epicures. Tfie process of/ manufacture is a
secret and has been safely guarded for centuries. It is not
definitely known what country the exiled monks, will select
for the site of their mother monastery. England and the
United States have been discussed, but the most recent in
formation seems to indicate that they will settle in the Isle of
Wight, where the hills and valleys are highly favorable to the
production of their famous liqueur.
A. Hearst Mrs. Jane L Stanford, Mrs. C. T.
Mills. Miss Jane Klink. Mrs. George L. Berk
maier and Miss Mabel Craft.
• • »
-Mrs. James Robinson gave a delightful
luncheon at the University Club yester
day in honor of Mrs. G. H. Eldridge.
The table, a large round one, was exquis
itely decorated with madrone berries and
autumn leaves. Red candles in silver
candelabra and with silver shades shed
a rich, warm glow over the table. Covers
were laid for twenty-two.
Mrs. Robinson wore a very elegant
black crape gown, elaborately trimmed
with lace insertion and made over white
silk.
• • •
Mrs. Lafontaine of 1732 Hyde street is
the lucky winner of the wonderful doll
house that was given to the Doctor's
Daughters by the Misses Spreekels and
which was one of the most marked fea
tures of the recent show.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Miss Flighty (visiting the country)—
What time do you harvest your corn, Mr.
Plowem?
Farmer Plowem— gin'rally. beg-In
shuckin' it in November.
Miss Flighty— Oh, I should think you
would harvest it in September. Papa
says September corn is worth money
right now. — Bryan's Commoner.
Perspiring Passenger— May I read that
i:Jipazine of yours a little while?
The Other Perspiring Passenger— l am
going to read it myself in a moment.
P. P.— Yes, sir. May I look at your paper,
then: .
The Other P. P.— Don't you see I'm
reading it Richmond Times.
Heir— Paw. kin I go swimmln'?
Father— No, my son. .
Heir— l wisht I lived ' in Alaqky, paw.
Father— Why?
Heir— Coz grandpap sez 'at In Alasky
little boys' paws let little boys Ist go
swimmin' all they want Cleveland
Leader.
Doctor— There's nothing serious the
matter with Michael, Mrs. Muldoon. I
think a li^te soap and water would do him
as much good as anything.
Mrs. Muldoon— doctor, an' will 01
give it t* him beforr or afther his males?—
Glasgow Times.
Merely Buying.— Mrs. Jones— What'3
your hurry? You're not off for the sea
shore now?
Mrs. Smith— No. i>pt . until to-morrow.
I'm going downtown now.
Mrs. Jones— Shopping?
Mrs. Smith— No; I haven't time for that
—there's so many things I simply have to
b.iy.— Philadelphia Press. " ¦ t':
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
- •¦/•¦¦¦ i : -. ' -- ¦¦•¦¦"" : . ' . :
SAN FRANCISCANS WHO IS SOCIETY DETERIO-
KNEW LI HUNG CHANG. RATING ?
¦' ¦ : B/ Countess Malmsbur/.
THE MOST REMARKABLE W~ — ~ —
FLASHLIGHT PHOTO EXPERIENCES OF BUNNY
EVER TAKEN IN SAN l\ A RABBIT DRIVE.
FRANCISCO. s .By Madge Morris.
See the Full'Pag: Reproduction ———————————
in Next Sunday's Cal . ' am y^ mlS
By Sarah Comstock<
SIRANGESr OF ALL THE
"HELLO" CENTRALS. ETIQUETrE. ,
— — —• — — — — — — — _ By Mrs. Burton Kingslani
ARE WOMEN AS SLC- - ." — 7 ' —
CESSFIL IN BUSINESS THE ART OF DRESSING.
A$ MEN ? „ . X By Lillian Burkhart - • •
"OWTOHAVEAPRETTV |^^||
.^' . Are 131 3 came. Begin it now.
¦- - ¦: •
l _.._
LTHE SUNDAY CALL, A WESTERN
PAPER FOR WESTERN PEOPLE.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
INVESTING MONEYS. L,., City. It
is a rule of this department not to advise
correspondent 3 how to invest their
money.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— L. E. E.. City.
There is no premium offered by dealers
on quarters of 1859 nor on two dollar and
fifty cent pieces of '-
BACK DATES— W. ani S. A. M.. City.
The 4th of November, 1897. fell on Thurs
day, and the 27th of August, Vtt, fell on
Saturday. Christmas, 1871, fell Mon
day.
THE NEVADA— P. J., City During the
month of February, 1863, the steamera
Sierra Nevada and the Nevada arrived in
the port of San Francisco, the former on
the 7th from Mazatlan and the latter on
the loth from Panama.
THE DERBY-A. A. V. H., City. There
is no record of the attendance at the Eng
lish Derby obtainable in this city, and
for that reason this department cannot
inform you as to "the greatest number uf
persons in attendance at any one time at
the English Derby."
BLOTCHES-S. A. M.. City. The ques
tion asked as to the appearance of red
blotches on the face and neck of the lady
i* one that would have to be submitted
to a physician, who would have to ask a
number of questions in order to answer
yours. The question is one" of that class
that cannot be answered on the state
ment submitted in the letter of inquiry.
UNIVERSITY AND COLLEGE — E.,
Eureka. Cal. In general the difference be
tween a college and a university is that
the former is a school for higher educa
tion which grants a limited number of de
grees and a university is a combination of
colleges which grants all the degrees. Any
first-class encyclopedia will give you a full
explanation of the difference between tha
two.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Towniead. *
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Paiaca Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3 •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau tAUen' s), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. *AMTJSELIjiKTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
SPECIAL NOTICE
Parlies desirous of exchanging seats pur-
chasen for the previously announced perform-
ance of "CARMEN" must present them at the
Box Office TO-DAY before 5 p. m., or, if pre-
ferred, the money will be refunded.
San Francisco Season of Grand Opera
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
TO-NIGHT, at I TANNHAUSER
Ear Reuss-Belce. Fritzi Scheff; Van Dyck,
Blass. Bispham. Conductor, Damrosch.
Fri. EVg, Nov. 15, at 7:45. ...D1E WALKURE
Gadski. Schumann-Heink. Homer, Scheff Sey-
pard, Marylli, Bridewell, Bauermeister. ' Van
Oauterer. and Reuss-Belce; Dippel, Blass and
Bispham. Conductor. Damrosch.
Sat. Afternoon. Nov. 16, at 2 FAUST
Sembrich. Homer; Dippel, Campanari. Ed de
Reszkf. Conductor, Seppilll.
6at. Ev'g, Nov. 16. at S MANON
Sibyl Sanderson; Declery. Journet, Gilibert.
Balignac. Conductor. lion. "
Sunday Evening Nov. 17. at 8-First Grand
Sunday Nipht Performance at Popular Prices
A EOHKME-Suzar.ne Adams. Fritzi Scheff'.
De March*, Perello. Gilibert, Campanarl Con-
ductor, Sepriilli . "
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK
RnMrn EV 'pT X °nn S irir 8 ' only performance of
ROMEO ET JULIETTE. Sybil Sanderson,
Bridewell Bauermeister; Salignac . Ed de
Reszke. Journet, Gilibert, Deciery. Bars. Con-
ouctor^ r lon.
nT TueS Tr Ev:g> Nov. 19. at g. joint appearance of
Mme. Eajnes and ™ : Sembrich in Mozart
of^t;^ NOZZE DI FIGARO (The Marriage
of Figaro), with an unprecedented cast Earoes
ana Sembrich; Ed de Reszke and Cam-
nductor. Seppllll.
¦Wed Ev'g. Nov. 20. at CARMEN
Co^ucto^,^.^ 11181 Sal * nac and Scottl.
™"" R Ev 'c. *?v. 21. at T:45-DIE MEISTER-
T*i ,£ ER - G^ ski > Schumann-Heink: Dippel,
Bispham Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke. Con-
ductor. Damrosch.
- T^°Ki )alance o{ lhe repertoire for next week
will be announced later.
J%*%i OJL0 JL an of the above performances (ex-
T3 ,~> barmen ) now on tale at the Box Office.
Prices for Regular Performances— s2. $3, « $5
and ?7. General admission $2
«°t« fOr Sunda >" Night Performances-fl. $2,
12 50 and $3. Boxes-$l2. US and US.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
VULUNIDIA LEADING THEATRE
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
105r A E HH L L LE MOYNE
In Charles Henry Meltzer's Historical Play,
The First Duchess of Marlborough,
REMEMBER,
That SEATS ARE NOW READY for the En-
gagement of
WILLIAM COLLIER
In Augustus Thomas'
Phenomenally Successful Comedy
"ON THE QUIET."
Thich Opens on
SUNDAY NIG T
AT THE
COLUMBIA.
WONDERFUL "ATTRACTIONS !
The Girl With the Auburn Hair, Fra-
ser Troupe, Fred Niblo, Joseph
Adelman, Lillian Burkhart and
Company, and the Biograph. Last
times of Burton's Acrobatic Com-
edy Dogs, The Onllaw Trio and Th«
Lockos.
Reserved seats*. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box peats. 50c
BEL* SCO Ama THALCS jfogfig?
-^* B ~ immaniUM
TO-NIGHT-ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of the Fa-
, mous Melodrama,
"LIGHTS 0'
LONDON."
pirpc Evening 10c. 15c. 23c 35c sic
iniWL.J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "KlNG OF THE OPIUM RING."
*TiVpuh
"A HiT! A PALPABLE HIT!'
Every evening this week at 8 sharp.
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
IN
The Belle of New York
Monday, Nov. 18 -A GAIETY GIRL
Matinee* Saturday and Sunday at 2 sharp:
Popular Prices— 2oc, y>e and 75c.
Telephone Rush 9.
EVERY EVENING THIS WTCF.K.
LADIES' AND CHILDRKN'S SOUVENIR
MATINEE SATURDAY. "
JAMES A HBRNCS
Famous Comedy Drama and Ueautiful Play,
"SHORE MORES."
Entire New Scenery and a Fine Acting
Company.
SEATS READY.
NEXT— SUNDAY NIGHT.
HAVERLY'S MASTODON
MINSTRELS,
With GEO. WILSON
And a Most Complete Oreanlzation.
BEATS HEADY.
t%5t~H MAT R £*A>
XJelasco and Thall Managers
LAST 4 NIGHTS.
Russ Whytal's Great Military Play.
"For Fair Virginia."
Interpreted by th*-
LATEt-T AND GREATEST
ALCAZAR SiOCK CO.
Seats on Bale six days In advance.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT-"SELF AND LADY." 
Thanksgiving Week "WE 'UNB OF TEN-
<EE." ¦
RACING
*_^, *>'i'3m S "V''flZ'jg)Fm' . i- very Week Day —
<BT Rain or • hine.
. EW CALIFORNIA JoCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Ra=es start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at. 12 m. and
12:30, I, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to the
track. Last two care on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minute*.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
MS p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
K. B. MILROY, Secretary. /
FIVE MEN HAVE
NARROW ESCAPE
Collapse of Batteries
Causes Several Ex
plosions.
San Francisco Electric Com
pany Suffers Loss of
$50,000.
A series of explosions, accompanied by
lightning flashes in the battery-room of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany on Stevenson street, opposite the
Spreckels Market, startled the entire
lower part of the city at 10:45 o'clock last
night. To the few persons who were in
the vicinity at the time it seemed as if
the entire building was destined to be de
stroyed. The structure was not greatly
damaged, but the damage to the storage
cells of the company will reach about
$50,000.
The explosions were due to the collapse
of a mezzanine floor upon which a bank
uf batteries, containing fifty-live cells,
constructed o£ heavy structural iron, had
been placed in readiness for the holiday
flecmc service of the company. It was
this bank of batteries which feeds the 110
volt system for incandescent lights used
in he residence districts. When the bank
collapsed the lights in numerous resi
dences were extinguished and these pa
trona can now be supplied only from the
main batteries of the company.
The work of constructing the bank be
gan some three months ago and in that
time many meg were employed and a vast
amount ot material used. These batteries
were made up of cells filled with many
gallons of sulphuric acid and heavy zinc
slabs. The combined weight of the bat
teries upon the mezzanine floor was enor
mous and proved to be too much for the
structure. When the collapse came the
upper batteries were precipitated upon
ihe lower and explosion after explosion
followed. The accident necessarily caused
a short circuit across the buss-bars and
when the electric fluid came in contact
with the acid instant ignition ensued.
Kwry contact of the circuit with the
chemical produced a lightning flash of
wonderful brilliancy, accompanied by a
pyrotechnic display of sparks. The sparks
came from th<_ upper windows of the
building In clouds and it was this which
inspired the belief that the building would
be dashed into fragments to the immi
nent danger of surrounding property.
At the time of the accident five men
were at wark about the batteries. Thtse
were A. Adams, foreman. D. Heading
W. L. Wemmer. J. F. Earll and E. Staf
ford. Adams states that his attention
was first attracted to the mezzanin"
floor, which appeared to sink. Suddenly
there came a crash and explosion. Ho
shouted to the men to run for their lives,
and following his example all escaped
into Stevenson street in safety. An
alarm of fire was immediately turned in,
and in five minutes two engines were on
the scene. The firemen had scarcely
opened one of the doors when another
explosion took place. There was a stam
pede of spectators, but the firemen brave
ly stuck to thtir posts until all danger
of further explosions was past. Some ot
the woodwork in the building took fire.
but it was extinguished without diffi
culty.
The scene presented within the build
ing after the electric circuit was cut off
was one of supreme desolation. The
cells w<-re piled upon one another in great
confusion and many pans of tht. struc
tural iron work were melted and twisted
GOLD DUST.
I "Let the GOLD DUST twins do your work.*
Three times a day, 1095 times a year the
GOLD DUST
twins will make your dish-washing easy.
THE N. K. FAIREANK COMPANY. Chicapa
World Famous Marian! Tonic
A SHALL WINEGLASSFUL iS
A LARGE DOSE OF
Health, Strength anil Vigor
At Druggists' ihrciiiiioa! tlu World.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
H hotels Is Hie wholesale and manu-
(j facturers' district — on the other re-
i' tail stores, clubs, railroad and
'¦ newspaper offices, banks and the-
'! ater:-. Street cars to all parts (if
I the city — depots, ferries and parks —
¦j pass |\w entrance.
3 American and European plans.
I i^j^ji. --:--—. — : ¦ .-
\ __^j _^____
AMUSEMENTS.
! CHUTES aTd~zoo
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
The Amateurs
— ID —
A FAT LADIES 1 RUNNING RAGE.
HARRY HARMON,
The Wop d'« Greatest High Diver.
Saturday Night = • Big Cakewalk
] Telephone for Seats— Park 2?. :
BASEBALL
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
To-day, FridAy and Saturday at 2:45.
SCUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
| RECREATION PARK,
j Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHFR'S concert house,
Myrtle Sflwyn; Florla; Carle and Boyle;
Eleanora Jenkins; Wm. Blake; Swor an<l
Hathaway; Bushlaush: Sid Baxter;, and Hin-
] richs 1 Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 23c. Matl-
I .nee Sunday. ;. . .¦.;.. .\. ¦?:: \ z .;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
WOOD RATTLES
OFF TESTIMONY
Nome Contempt Cases
Are Nearing Their
Completion.
Taking of Evidence Will Be
Finished by End of
the Week.
Joseph K. Wood, who played the part
of District Attorney in Nome when Mc-
Kenzie and Noyes flourished, stepped into
the shoes of the leading man yesterday
afternoon. The attorneys finished with
Judge Noyes and, save for a few ques
tions asked Attorneys Metson and John
son, Wood was the star of the day's pro
ceedings.
As he is one of the respondents held lor
contempt and is without an attorney he
conducted his own examination. When
Wood filed his answer he pleaded guilty
to the charges of contempt, but begged
for the court's leniency and mercy.
Wood put himself on the stand and
without warning rattled off his story tor
more than two long hours. During the
last four weeks he has been skulking
about, sitting quietly in corners, pulling
his mustache with fierce vigor and wrink
ling his brow into heavy lines, all the
time charging himself for the effort en
the stand. He has unloaded. The center
of his target was tkame, every one of
whose allegations were emphatically de
nied. Wood adorned his denunciation of
Hume with many homely similes used to
express the Nome attorney's material
worth.
The testimony taking is now near the
end. At 11 o'clock the Circuit Court of
Appeals heard from the attorneys state
ments as to progress made. Both .sides
agreed that they would be ready for the
hearing on Monday morning, at which
time the court ordered the attorneys to
present their case.
Patches Sewed in Case.
The morning session began with a cross
examination of the witness on the peti
tion sent by the attorneys of Nome to
Washington begging for Judge Noyes' re
moval. In the course of this line of ques
tions the date of the opposition to Noyes
was brought up. The witness said the
opposition began when a certain news
paper published an article against him
for removing one of its friends who had
been a commissioner in the Kugarok, and
when the petition of attorneys was wired
to the President. Pillsbury went througn
the list of attorneys who signed the pe
tition and tried to get an admission from
the witness that four-fifths of the legal
business in Nome was conducted by thoae
men who signed the petition.
On another switch Pillsbury asked: "Did
you meet a man by the name of Ham
burger, the private secretary of Senator
Carter in Nome?"
"I have no recollection of it," responded
the ¦?ritness.
The impaneling of juries came up for
a reconsideration. Pillsbury wanted to
know if the Grand Jury panels were not
exhausted by discharges on the part of
Judge Noyes.
The cross-examination of Judge Noyes
concluded rather abruptly, and the re
direct examination was begun. Old mat
ter was thrashed over, and then Judge
McLaughlin dismissed the witness for all
time. Judge Johnson took the stand at
the call of respondents' attorneys to tes
tify on matters of Alaska law concerning
the taking of depositions. William H.
Metson followed on the stand, and was
asked but a few questions in regard to
the Lane interests, which he represented.
Metson gave way for the witness of the
day.
Wood Eattles Away.
"My appointment as District Attorney,"
said Wood, was due entirely to Senator
Carter and myself. I say at this time
Mr. McKenzie had nothing to do with
my appointment. I never met Mr. Mc-
Kenzie until two or three days after my
appointment. I knew of him by reputa
tion since 1885. Mr. McKenzie, however,
knew my fatr^r and mother before I was
born. Our relations were always pleas
ant. He has never asked me to do any
thing which would involve me in trouble.
His onlr advice was to keep my office
clean and clear. Attorney General Griggs
refused to appoint me as District Judge.
Senator Carter, who was working for me,
said:
• Mr. Wood, in reference to the part I
took in the alien legislation, people would
say that I expected to secure through the
bench that which I could not obtain
through legislation.' "
The witness denied all dependence upon
McKenzie for transportation or for hotel
expenses from St. Paul to Alaska. Con
tinuing,'the witness said: "Mr. McKenzie
never paid a cent of my hotel bIJIs in his
life, barring the fact that he bought me a
few $5 dinners when I met him and I
wanted to eat. Mr. McKenzie never so
licited me to appoint Mr. Hume as deputy
district attorney."
Then the witness told of the partnership
cifereement. which was to give Wood one
quarter interest in the firm of Hubbard,
Beeman & Hume and McKenz'e another
fourth.
"At the first conversation," said the wit
ness, "it was agreed that Hume should be
deputy. At the second interview the
terms and conditions of the partnership
were discussed. There was absolutely no
suit of action mentioned. Papers of part
nership were drawn up, but I don't think
the contract was ever signed. The express
understanding was that the contract was
not consummated, though it was drawn
up."
Further on Wood said:
"I learned from either Chips or Hubbard
that McKenzie was going to be appointed
receiver, and then I told McKenzie that
it was all off with the partnership, as I
did not,care to be in a firm where attor
neys were interested in a case and one of
them in a receivership."
When the witness hit upon the name of
Hume in earnest he carried him up and
down the ladder of falsehood and iniquity.
Hume, according to Wood, is a very bad
man. indeed, and was guilty of many acts
unbecoming a true gentleman of the Arc
tic Brotherhood. Wood's story ended with
Hume. Wood said:
"Two days after I appointed Hume dep
uty 1 became dissatisfied, for he suggested
having all the people on Anvil Creek ar
rested for robbing a mining claim. I said
to him I would not permit it, because It
was using criminal process to civil ends."
The witness' explanation in regard to
the keys which he refused to deliver was
rather ingenious. When asked for the
keys he said. "I'll see about it." Wood
claims he meant that he was going to see
McKenzie ar.d ask him about it.
Son Causes His Mother's Arrest.
Lena Molter. an elderly German woman,
was booked at the City Hall police station
yesterday on the charge of carrying a
concealed deadly weapon. Mrs. Molter
and her son, whoeonductaa carriage trim
ming shop at 1112 Mission street, do not
agree and as a consequence he telephoned
to police headquarters for an officer, say
ing that his mother had a pistol in her
rooms over the shop and he feared she
would shoot him. Officer C. W. Laws was
sent to the prace and on finding the
woman armed with a six-shooter he took
her to the station and locked her up. The
woman claims that her son has- abused
her shamefully while her husband has
been absent, confined in the Napa Insane
Hospital. She feared greater violence at
his hands and in order to protect herself
against him she placed a pistol in her
pocket. Both sides will be heard in the
Police Court to-day.
Rescues Half-Starved Horses.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
seized some half-starved horses on the
water front yesterday which were owned
by George Switzer and were in transit to
Petaluma to be killed and used for
chicken feed. The society officials stajte
that Switzer will be arrested when he can
be fcund.
into heaps of scrap iron by the lightning
discharges^. Whatever the escaping- elec
tric fluid had touched was destroyed be
yond the hope of repair. The storage
room contained 152 tanks filled with fluid
but of these only those which occupied
the mezzanine floor and those immedi
ately beneath -were ruined. The damas^
as stated wili exceed 150,000. not taking
into account the less -ol business which
•will be involved.
DIMMICK GUILTY
ON TWO COUNTS
Convicted of Failing to
Deposit Funds
Properly.
Jury Recommends Disgraced
Official to Mercy of
the Court.
The jury in the case of the United
States vs. Walter N. Dimmick, ex-chief
clerk of the United States Mint, came
Into court at 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon, after three hours and a half of de
liberation, and returned a verdict of
guilty on the seventeenth, nineteenth and
twentieth counts of the indictment. Th^se
counts charge Dimmick with having
failed to deposit in the sub-treasury, in
accordance with the regulations, money
of the Government received by him from
the Selby Smelting and Lead Works for
bluestone and other by-products of the
Mint. The jury recommended the pris
oner to the mercy of the court. Judge
de Haven set Monday as the time lor
pronouncing sentence.
S. C. Denson concluded the closing ar
gument for the Government shortly after
noon, and Judge de Haven read the
charge to the jury, which retired at 12:3(3.
At a quarter of 1 o'clock they were taken
to lunc,h and returned to court at 2 for
the purpose of receiving further instruc
tions on the last counts of the indict
ment.
Dimmick is already under sentence of
two years' Imprisonment in the peniten
tiary at San Quentin for embezzling (1333
from the Mint, a case parallel to tho
present one. In that case George D. Col
lins, his attorney, has taken an ' appeal
to the United States Circuit Court. The
Federal Grand Juxy, which will be im
paneled probably next week, will be called
upon by the United States District At
torney to rind H bill of indictment against
Dimmick for the larceny of $30,000 from
the Mint. United States Attorney Wood
worth and the special counsel for the
Government. Denson & Schlesinger, say
that they have as, good a case against the
prisoner as the two cases on which they
have secured convictions.
SUNSET LIMITED RESUMES.
Overland Trains on the Coast Line.
Commencing on December 6 the famous
"Sunset limited" train will make tri
weekly trips, with equipment and serv
ice unsurpassed.
No effort will be spared to keep this
train fully up to the high standard at
tained in past seasons.
The route via New Orleans steadily in
creases in popularity with the traveling
public, and the growth of the oil, rice and
other industries in that section adds ad
ditional interest to this winter transconti
nental trip.
On same date overland train service
will be inaugurated on the Coast Line via
Monterey, San Luis Obispo and Santa
Barbara, and this route will be followed
by the "Sunset Limited" in its flight to
New Orleans and New York.
Mrs. Biter in Court.
The hearing of the Biter case occupied
the attention of Judge CofCey again yes
terday. Mrs. Biter testified in her own
behalf and a Mrs. Chambers, who knows
the woman who is caring for the Allen
children, testified that she had known
Mrs. Biter for fifteen years and always
regarded her highly.
~jT ~ — 7 " ->•«
"new" 1
. At Keller's really means newer by comparison (
with others. It means a store newer in its me-. :.;•
thods, newer designs, newer, qualities, newer
sources of satisfaction, a newer price-system, that ,
permits of dress luxury, even on the most mod-
erate income. - V
New Shirts.
You will not think others are wearing your shirts if
you buy them here, for you will get exclusive' patterns.
We make our shirts and make them perfectly. No wait-
ing all new shirt stuffs are expressed to us direct, and a
few hours later the finished garments are on display.
$1.00, '.$1.50 and up, I
\ New Umbrellas. v
Only came yesterday. Strong frames, steel rods, most
durable of coverings and the most unique assortment of
handles. - ¦¦ : .', ",*!
$1,00 to $8.00.
I New Neckwear. i
A- Would direct special attention to-day to some re- -
£5) . markably swell color combinations. .., Prominent among
Sly them is a line of new Persian effects in four-in-hands.
7/ band-bows and shield bows for high-standing collars. Also
an exquisite assortment of London squares.'
5O 'Cents,
SAN FRANCISCO, 1078-1030 , I OAKLAND, '" H57-1159 st.
DAN rnAWVIJvU, MARKdi' cT. I vAftLAWU, WASHINGTON ST.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS. .
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
..OIL STOVES...
. BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR. * -
™ £mokI: 30$ to 3/7 Market Street.
San Francisco.
STRIKERS GAIN
NO ADVANTAGES
Many Resume Work at
Less Than Previous
Schedule.
Metal Trades Association
Supports Fulton Iron
Works.
Notwithstanding the claims made by
the leaders of the iron workers' strike
that the Fulton Iron Works had capitu
lated to its striking employes when 500
' men returned to work on Monday, the
! contrary appears to be the case. The men
| found an easy way of getting out of the
' difficulty that confronted them and ac
! cepted the "winter schedule" of the Ful
ton Iron Works. Some went back la
work at less wages than they had re
ceived before May 20, and same whose
services were deemed more valuable re
ceived an increase of 2^ cents per hour.
When the strike was commenced on May
20 last the demand was made for tea
hours' pay for nine hours' work, with an
increase of 12Vi per cent on the then pro
vailing rate of wages. Early in the strike
it was found that the latter demand
j would not be conceded under any circum-
I stances and the light since then has been
j concentrated on me proposition of ten
1 hourd' pay for nine hours' work. The
fact that the Fulton Iron Work 3 has se
cured all the men that it could handle
without regard to this latter limitation
stems to settle the question as to the Ul
timate ending of tne matter as far as tne
i otner iron working estaulisnmenta are
| concerned. Desertions from tne «ranKs of
| tne unions atimattu with tne iron 'irades
I Council nave oeen increasing uaily, ana
old employes, wtiu have seen wie neee.i
sity ot supporting tneir families uy uicir
iauor, have louud work wnerevei' me/
applied.
in order to set at rest the question as
to wneiher the Fulton iron works nad
violateu its agreement with the Meta.l
Traues Association by engaging its Old
employes under any other conditions than
tnose existing beiore tne sirine, a special
meeting of tne Metal Trades Association
was neid yesterday, at wnich some sev
enty linns were represented. The meet
ing was held behina closed doors, but the
results obtained are well known in iron
trades circles.
President Spiers and Secretary Heyne
man of the Fulton Iron Works were
called before the meeting and closely in
terrogated by Henry T. Scott, the chair
man of the meeting, and many of the
members present, humors of all kinds
were investigated and every material
point that could bear upon the matter of
settlement was gone into thoroughly. The
result was the complete vindication of
the management of the Fulton Iron
Works of any breach of trust as far as
its relations to the Metal Trades Associa
tion was concerned. A resolution uphold
ing the management of the Fulton Iron
Works and declaring that no concessions
had been granted was unanimously
adopted.
Messrs. Spiers and Heynemann stated
| that the men resumed work under the
i winter schedule and strictly in accordance
with the rules passed by the Metal
Trades Association; that none of the de
mands of the men had been granted, al
though a few of the leading men had
: been Klven an increase of 2U cents Der
hour, based simply on the ability of these
few men. They did not agree to take all
the men back, nor would they agree to
that condition. They stated that les3
than 20 per cent of the old hands return
ing had received the increase of pay
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ASVE3TISE3EEITTS.
[I m —^ — -^ |
-\ I' '¦i'=^ '(-
WMJJ)j\ GOOD judge must have both experience
|p|^ and learning. r A housekeeper should
jlilli be a good judge for she too must have
experience and learning or she may think that
the soaps made to look like Ivory Soap are just
as good. With experience she will know
that they lack the remarkable qualities of the
genuine. Ivory Soap — 99 >i60 per cent, pure.
COPYRIGHT 1111 iv me PfTOCTEH * o»mtt co. CINCINNATI • -
speken of, and that some of them re
ceive^ even less than before the strike;
that no concessions had been made to the
boiler-makera, and that the statement
that a demand had been acceded to for
eight hours on transport work was .false,
as was also the one that all overtime
should be the same, as it was before the
strike.
Messrs. Spiers and Heynemann stated
positively that they had not discharged
any non-union men and would not do so.
On the contrary, they hired two non-union
men yesterday.
After the Metal Trades Association had
disposed of the Fulton Iron Works case
Byron Jackson of the Byron Jackson Ma
chine Works was called upon for a state
ment as to the conditions upon which he
tooK back some of his striking employes.
Mr. Jackson said:
"These men came back exactly on the
same- terms upon which they went out —
that is. the same pay per hour, and with
the understanding that I will work as
many handy men, or apprentices, as I
can use."
Representatives of the Compressed Air
Machinery Company and F. A. Robbins
of the American Can Company were sub
jected to the same ordeal. The represent
ative of the first company said an In
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ =—^OP THE —
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 810 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. , •
• CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in J
Cash $ 250.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 567.737
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.550.453 25
Cash in Company's Office 6.428 15
Cash in Banks 112.586 15
Interest due and accrued on all
< Stocks and Loans 3.034 29
Premiums in due Course of Collection 341. 156 43
Rents due and accrued 705 42
Reserve reinsurance deposit 23.T&4 62
Total Assets $3,936,215 60
LIABILITIES. "~
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense ..:... '- I 136,230 79
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 554,849 82
Gross Premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent ¦.. '. 1,831,379 49
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata :.... 227,755 00
Contingent Fund >. 150.000 CO
All other liabilities 43,004 38
Total Liabilities $2,733,219 47
INCOME. i
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums : $3,572,502 36
Received for interest and dividends
' en Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from >, '
all other sources 97.97S 63
Received for Rents 63.471 68
Received from all other sources 12.305 00
Total Income $3,746,257 69
EXPENDITURES. ~~»
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ , losses of previous year5). 51,612,828 34
Dividends to Stockholders 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 937,771 SI
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
¦ charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 248,724 86
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes " 96,328 08
All other payments and expenditures. • 484.651 IS
Total Expenditures k> ... .$3,430,304 27
GEO. F. SE"WARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS. Secretary.
Subscribed end sworn to before me this, sth
day of February. 1901.
W. L. KERR. Notary Public.
CHARLES J BOSWCRTH,
General Agent, .
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
"i*~ OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYOKISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, " etc. No cargo received, on board on
day of satllne. "
S. HONGKONG MARU .'......
.¦-.-.¦ Saturday. November M, 190;
S. NIPPON MARU
. Wednesday. December 11 1901
S. AMERICA MARU
• Saturday. January 4. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
121 Market street, corner First.
- W. H. AVERT. General Ajtent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and ?outh American ports. Sailing from How-
ard i. Pier 10, 12 m. .
PERU Nov. 141 COLOMBIA ....Dec 7
PALENA • Nov. 23|^"L T CAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
' and ' passenger office. 316 California street.
[ BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
crease of wages had been granted to two
men and the rest weie working on th*
same conditions as before the strike. Mr.
Robbins made a similar statement, add
ing that all the men who had returne 1
were working under the schedule of the
Metal Trades Association.
Off for Mexico.
The number of inquiries now being reg
istered at Southern Pacific ticket office
by applicants for berths on the second
annual holiday excursion to the City of
Mexico December IS indicates that the
trip is going to prove a very popular on^.
The old-time attractions of Mexico hava
not been dimmed by contact with outer
civilization.
The Christmas season there is highly
colored by many brilliant and imposing
ceremonies, both civic and religious, con
tinuing for several days. No better op
portunity could be found for making a
trip to the southern republic.
Clerk Vining Has Recovered.
A. J. Vining. clerk in the inquiry de
partment of the Postofßce, resumed his
office duties yesterday, having recovered
from a severe attack of brain fever
I . OCEAN TRAVEL.
I l - w _^- l _.-, ._^_^, ._-,_.-_-_. ; ._-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
iT* Steamers leave Broadway
Y^.^ Wharf, San Francisco:
3fj|>j For Alaskan ports — a. m..
|P^^ Nov. 2. 7, 12. 17, 22. 27. Dec. .'.
; , |pfe^2?*»sl Change to company's steamer*
MtkggM na at Seattle.
j jasP3k^sf<-!^?n For Victoria. Vancouver (E.
; #"BBeCmßS| C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
1 it* Tacoma. Everett and Mew
whatcom, (Wash.)— ll a. m .
I Not. M 13. 17, 22. 27. Dec 2. Chang* at
1 S«attl9*for this company 1 steamers tor Alaska
! and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Nov.
3, 8. 13. 18. 23, 28. Dec. 3. "
"For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Lob Angeles and Redondo (Lo« Ar-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford «san
Luis ' Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Corona. Saturdays.
For Enrenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo»e del
Cabo. Kaiatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex. )— lo a. m., Tth each month.
For further Information obtain the company a
The "company reserves the right to chan««
steamers, sailing days and nours o£ sailing,
without rre-vious notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALI,. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
o7r. at N. CO.
Omly Steanuhip Ijlxm» «»
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lin- from Portland to »M
potrt* East. Through tickets t» all
points. mV rait nr «te«ms'iir and rail, at
STSAXSB TICKS T:. INCLUDE BERTH and XZAL3.
S COLUMBIA Sail*.. Nov. M, 24, Dec. 4. 14. 2%
S GEO. W. ELDER ....
.'; Sails Nov. S. 19. 9. Pec »
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Kantgm'y. 3. T.
AMERICAN LINE.
Hf YOU. &OUTHAKPTOH. LONDOS. TU3X
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a, m.
St Paul Nov. 2"1 St. Paul Dec It
Haverford Nov. 2"' St. Louis Dec. 11
Philadelphia -....Dec. 4 [Philadelphia ....Dec. C-3
RED STAR LINE.
How York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Nov. 20|Friesland Dec 11
Haverford Nov. 27, Southwark Dec. to
•Zeeland .... Dec. 4 ; »Vaderland Dec. 23
; •Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
OCC9BICS.S.CO, *"**"• MIKM> ME "
oceaaics : s.t©, CtRECr LUE TO TAHIIL
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov. 14, 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Nov. 23, 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
1 umiiiifk'iiKziMsni\^h. 29, 10 a. tn.
I B.SNEHEU k UK. CS., tara. ftp*. 327 Hart, a
t.en'l PusMpr Btte, 143 larM St. Pier Xa. 7. Paoklk
PANAMA D D STEAHSfII?
r ANAmA tii Ifi line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
/;/ Cabin. 1105; Steerage. J4O: Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, De;. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. S. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONN£>R. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMP4ONI3 GEMS3ALS TBAHSATLAMTIQO3
DIRECT LINE TO HAV'RE-f Aitid. _^*a«
Calling- every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, •asin^a*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second,
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI 4 CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tloln>ti« wM<l hv nil Railroad Ticket Ag¥nt%.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. Mil YAR) AND YALLEJ3
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIS or MONTICBLL3
j:C a. m.. 3:13 and 530 p. m.. except Sua-
1 iay. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
I Yallejo 7 a. m..* 12:20 noon, i p. m.. except
Sunday Sunday. 1 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fare »
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing . and
office, pier i. llls«:on-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ¦:..•. .
;My Call $1.00 w Year
nrnwiaTT nun ilimmif iim fiiilm il
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower again. Exchange about the same.
Wheat dull and easy. Barley weak and inactive.
Oats and Corn inactive and freely offered.
Hax and Feedstuff s sktno no further change.
Butter still shading off under excessive stocks.
Cheese and Eggs firmly held, but no higher.
Xo further change in Dried Emits.
Provisions weak here and firmer at Chicago.
Meat Market as before quoted.
Poultry and Game in good demand.
Oranges and Lemons weaker. Grapes neglected.
Potatoes continue to advance. Onions firm.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
Pried Fruit in New York:
Mail reports from New York say: "The
market shows fair activity on the whole. Cur
rants are very firm at 5%c for Amalias and
the tendency appears to be toward a slightly
higher quotation. Inquiries fcr round lots at
Vfec under the market are here from the West,
end offers of i 6 -sc for ordinary Amalias and
6%e for wedding cakes were turned down yes
terday. BKflft%e being asked, firm. The Guild
hall, which was reported at St. Michaels No
vember 3, is expected to arrive next Wednes
day, but only a very few barrels of currants
are offering trom her at i\c. A large portion
of her canro, it is believed, has been 60ld to
cleaners.
¦Persian dates are held firm at Wednesday's
decline to 3^c for Hallowi, 3c for Khadrawi
and 2%c for Sair. An active trade is reported
at the new range. A bid of 3%c for a round
lot of Hallowi is reported to have been turned
c wr. Figs are firm and selling very well,
mostly from 7%@11%c.
"Prunes are easier on the spot for all ex
cept the email sizes. Outside prices are now
¦ >r 40-50R, 6^c for 60-60S, s\c for 60-70s,
We for WHi and 4\c for SO-90e. Small sizes
are in comparatively light supply and are un
changed The news from California that the
courts have finally knocked out the Cured Fruit
Association by a decision which will prevent
the combine from compelling growers to deliver
prunes to it is without effect here and ex
cites almost no interest, as it has been for
f n ra? time known that the association was
practically dead so far as the new crop is
concerned. Santa Claras, 1901 crop, are still
offered on a 2%c basis; Sonomas and Visalias
en c basis.
estie raisins are easier locally. New
•vn loose Muscatels are offered at 5%c.
but probably %c less would buy without much
trouble. New seeded in cartons are generally
quoted at 7%c. old from about 717 1 i l @7%c. Apri
cots and peaches are steady but quiet."
The Hay Market.
A local authority says of hay: "Receipts
• week were 4740 tons. Receipts for the
corresponding week last year were but 2510
These unusually heavy receipts are due
to a determined effort upon the part of both
the farmers and the railroad company to move
hay lying in the field and exposed to the
¦u father. Boxcars are practically as scarce as
at last writing, but the railroad company has
relieved the lamine on the coast division by
the addition of many new flats. The heavy
receipts o: the past week are largely due to
increased shipments from San Benito County.
It will not require much more time to market
hay in the fields, which cannot be stored in
the warehouses owing to lack of capacity, and
in our judgment the semi-annual stock taking
of the Hay Association will furnish a surprise
tc many, as it will probably be considerably
lighter than usual at this time of year. At
present the market is decidedly dull and prices
are from 50c to $1 a ton lower for the better
gradts of hay than they were at the time of
our last repyrt. If receipts are to continue
heavy the market will no doubt remain dull
and weak, but we doubt very much if they
will. We have a great deal of confidence in
th* future of the market, although we do not
anticipate any very material advance in prices.
<i continues in light supply and will no
doubt be scarce during the balance of the
season. Compressed hay is in much better de
mand than it wag and has advanced accord
ingly. Straw continues scarce. We quote
choice wheat hay at $11(311 50. Something very
fancy will probably bring $12, but such offer
ings are the exce; I
The Current Prosperity.
A New York financial authority says of the
current wave of prosperity and the prospects
for its continuance:
"While conditions are less favorable than
* year ago and there are weak points that will
bear watching yet the situation at the moment
seems more favorable to an upward than a
downward movement. Stocks are still highly
concentrated in strong hands and holders are
Eot willing sellers at the present level. No
doubt the strongest incentive to operations for
higher prices is the prevalence of general pros
perity. From nearly all sections of the coun
try come reports of continued good business
conditions. Even in the drought-stricken dis
tricts business is better than expected owing
to other offsets, and no complaints are forth
coming Bank clearings are phenomenally
Heavy, having for several weeks exceeded last
year s heavy totals by 15 to M per cent and
over. Railroads are often overburdened with
traffic, and earnings continue to show gains of
10^ lo per cent over the handsome gains of
last year. On almost every side there are the
most positive evidences of great industrial ac
tivity, and as yet there are no important signs
of cessation. Good judges expect the boom
in iron to continue for some months to come
and any recession from present high and profit
able prices would simply bring in a new lot
of orders that would keep both new and old
capacity fully employed. The woolen goods
trade, which is rarely what iF called prosper
ous, is in better condition to-day than for a
long period, and so the list could be extended
In c few cases there are indications of producl
tlon overtaking consumption, but these are ex
ceptional. Prices in general are very high
«nd as in the case of iron slieht recessions
will quickly revive any abatement in demand
Dun s Index figure is now at 57.7 which is
about the highest of the last ten ' years It
le remarkable but true that this high level of
prices is entirely due to the failure of produc
tion to keep pace with consumption. Specu
lation has had very little to do thus far with
advancing prices, and it is questionable 'if we
have ever witnessed such a wide and continu
ous upward movement in value? relatively free
ulation as has been experienced during
the last five or six \ears. The question is
will the present wave of prosperity culminate
in a speculative -outbreak, or will it recede iri
a quiet and orderly fashion? The latter course
is to he desired, but it will be aeainst all
previous experience if we escape dangerous
speculative excesses."
Weather Report.
n2oth Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 13. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations. 24 hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.00 6.78 8 70 '
Red Bluff 0.00 4 24 3*75
Facramento 0.00 2.68 195
San Francisco 0.00 2.31 2*l»
Fresno 0.00 1.65 0 40
Independence 0.00 1.C9 o 84
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.90 1 93
Los Angeles O.flO 2.44 0 26
San Diego O.DO 0.75 0.30
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature
£&: minimum, 50: mean. 54. '
THE COAST RECORD.
= 2 S r on *,
STATIONS. 3?3?f^S j°o £
• / i i3i c- 3 eg —
• :3!3 131 3 5 P
j * : !' ' -J- a"
Astoria 30.04 58 48 E Cloudy !oo
Baker 30.20 64 28 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.22 5€ 24 RE Cloudy .no
Eureka 30.10 M 38 N-W Clear .00
Fresno 30.10 64 44 NE Pt-Cldy. .00
Flagstaff 30.24 48 3« FE Clear .00
Pocatello. 1dah0. ..30.26 56 20 W Clear .00
Independence 30.12 60 34 BE Cloudy .00
Ix>s Angeles 30.10 72 46 W Pt.Cldy. .00
Phoenix »i.OS 72 52 E Clear T.
Portland 30.08 60 46* W Clear .00
lied Blurt 30. C 4 40 E Clear .00
Roseburg 2fI.CS 5S 32 \V Clear .00
Sacramento 30.14 60 48 NE Pt.Cldy. .00
f=alt Lake 30.28 50 32 NW Clear .00
San Francisco 30.14 58 50 W Clear .00
San L,uis Oblspo .30.36 68 42 NE cloudy .00
San Diego 30.10 70 54 NW Pt.Cldy. .00
Seattle 30 .<« 60 50 fi Clear -00
Epotane 30.18 10 36 Sl3 Pt.Cldy. .00
Neah Bay 29.94 52 34 SW Cloudy .42
Walla Walla 30. 0S 58 42 W Pt.Cldy. .00
Winnemucca 30.20 58 18 S Cloudy .00
Tuma 30.04 SO 48 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little change in pressure
on the Pacific Coast during the past twelve
hours. No rain has fallen in California, but
there has been a marked increase in cloudiness
and conditions are such that a disturbance may
appear on the coast south of Point Conception
and move rapidly inland.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 14:
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
easterly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Thursday; fresh easterly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; cooler; light
southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday;
threatening at night: fresh easterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE, Professor.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.-The stock market to
day after a rather irregular and ragged open
ing started up with a rise and some enthu
siasm, but the heavy cold exports dashed the
spirits of the speculators and drove prices
down. The selling was not urgent or precipi
tate and there was a manifest growth of dull
ness at the decjine and an undertone of some
firmness. The market during the greater part
of the day was feverish and Irregular, but
dipped suddenly at the last and a number of
important stocks closed at the lowest of the
day. There was a marked contrast in the tone
of Union Pacific and St. Paul, the former
offering resistance to the declines and the lat
ter runnins off easily to the lowest of the
day. This apparently reflected a dubious state
of mind as to the exact benefit which would
accrue to St. Paul from the Northern Pacific
settlement. ! , ,
The stock was a leader in the early upward
movement on reports that it would be absorbed
by the Union Pacific as an incident of the
great railroad settlement. The pendency of
this settlement and the very optimistic re
ports in certain Quarters as to the condition of
the anthracite coal trade were inspiring causes
of the animated advance in prices early in
the day. The engagements of gold for to-mor
row at one time aggregated- $5,500,000, but the
cancellation of a $1,000,000- order lightened the
shipment and also the resulting depression in
the market. The cause of the cancellation was
not stated, but may have had to do with the
customary limitation of gold shipments by a
single vessel. A notable feature of the gold
shipments was its failure to affect the foreign
exchange market. When cold is shipped It is
customary to sell exchange bills against the
shipments, but there was no sign of any such
bills in the market to-day. This corrobrates
the supposition that the shipment is made in
payment of debts which had been incurred by
short selling of exchange bills earlier in the
season and which there Is not sufficient cur
rent Euo?ly of commercial bills offering to
cover. The effect of the gold shipments was
emphasized by their leaving the exchange
market still at the export level, developing
ground for the apprehension that additional
shipments will go on Saturday.
Incorporation of the Northern Securities
Company and the decision to retire the North
ern Pacific preferred stock were known before
the close, but did not meet with any marked
response.
Four per cent was the minimum rate In the
call market. The market • closed generally
easy and active.
The bond market was less active. Total
sales, par value, $5,252,000. United States 3s
coupon advanced U.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales High Low Close
Atchlson 38.100 81% 80% 81
Atchlson prefd 7,700 101% 101% 101%
Bal & Ohio 6.700 ICS% 107% 108%
Bal & Ohio prefd 400 95% 95 95
Canadian Pacific 13,200 115% 114% J14%
Canada Southern 100 S4>4 84% 84
Che? & Ohio 3.300 47% 47 47%
Chicago & Alton 1,100 37% 37% 37%
Chicago & Alton prefd.. BCO 78% 78 . 78
Chicago. Ind & Louis.. 6,700 47% 46 46
Chi. Ind & Louis prefd. 1.200 74% 74 73H
Chi & East Illinois 600 138% 136% 137%
Chi & Great W M 26% 25% 25%
Chi & Great W A prefd. 500 90% 84% 90
Chi & Great W B prefd. 1.000 50% 49% 49
Chicago & Northwestern 300 211 210 211
Chi, P. I & Pac 1,000 148% 147% 147%
Chi Term & Trans 1.300 20 1«% 19%
Chi Term & T prefd 4,000 37% 35% 36
C. C, C & St. Louis 100 100 100 93%
Colorado Southern 500 14% 14 14
Colo So Ist prefd 200 55% 55% 55
Colo So 2d prefd 200 25% 25% 25%
Del & Hudson 1,100 172% 172 171%
Del, Lack & West 100 237 237 233
Denver * Rio G 100 46% 46% 46
Denver & Rio G prefd.. 700 95% 95 94%
Erie 26,500 42% 40% 42%
Erie Ist prefd 22,500 73% 72% 72%
Erie 2d prefd 15,200 60% 59% 59
Great Northern prefd 10,300 200% 193 199
Hocking Valley 2,800 62% 61% 62
Hocking Val prefd 300 80- 79% 79%
Illinois Central 2.900 "140% 139% 139%
lowa Central 2,100 41 41 ' 40%
lowa Central prefd 77%
Lake E & West 71
Lake E & West prefd ! 140
Louisville & Nashville.. 12.700 107% 106% 106%
Manhattan L 59.500 130 128 - 128%
Metropolitan St Ry 29,300 168% 166 " 166
Mexican Central 300 22% 22% 22
Mexican National „ ... 13
Minn &St Louis 200 108 108 107%
Missouri Pacific 7,300 103% 102% 102%
M, X & Texas 400 27 27 26%
M, X & Texas prefd.... 600 55 54% 54%
New Jersey Central 173
New York Central ...... 800 163% 162% 162%
Nor & Western 2,900 57% 57% 57%
Nor & West prefd • ...' 91
Northern Pacific prefd. 6,700 103 101 101
Ontario & Western .... 4.500 35 34% 34%
Pennsylavnia 8,500 146% 146" 146%
Reading 14,600 45% . 44% 44%
Reading Ist prefd 3,800 78% 78 78%
Reading 2d prefd 800 56% 55% 56
St L & San Fran 1,500 49% 45% 48%
St Louis &S F Ist prefd 700 80 79% 80
St Louis &S F 2d, prfd 400 70% 70% 70
St Louis Southwestern.. 600 23% 29% 29
St Louis So prefd 500 61% Cl 60
ft Paul" 21,000 173% 171% 172
St Paul prefd 300 191 190% 190
Southern Pacific 21,900 62 61% 61%
Southern Railway 7.300 34 33% 3354
Southern Ry prefd 1,400 91 90 90
Texas & Pacific ........ 2.300 42 40% 40*;
Toledo, St L& W 1,000 21 21 2o£
Toledo, St L& W prefd 200 35 34% 30
Union Pacific 16.500 107% 106% 107%
nion Pacific pfd 33,700 94% 93% 93%
W . abash ¦••• 300 27 20% • 20%
abash pfd 700 38% 38 38
Wheeling & L Erie [ 2,000 20 19 19%
Wheeling &• L Erie pfd. ICO 32 32 31
Wisconsin Central ' 800 22 21% 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 43 42% 42»i
Express Companies— ¦
Adams 200 195 195 194
American 1,400 200 199 199
United States . <v>
Wells-Fargo "" ,«
Miscellaneous— " ,
Amalgamated Copper... 1.400 87% 86% 86%
Amer Car & Foundry.. 700 28 27 27%
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 2.700 83% 83% 83%
American Linseed 0i1... 100 19 19 16
Amer Linseed Oil pfd.. 100 45 45 45
American Smelt & Rfng 400 46% 45% 45
Amer Smelt & Rfng pfd 400 97% 97 96U
Anaconda Mining C 0... 300 33$ 35 34%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 4.100 71' 69 69
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 200 94 93% 93%
Consolidated Gas 2.800 219% 218 * 218%
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 116 116 116
General Electric 200 259 * 259 258%
HSiS r.-;;;;;;•r .-;;;;;;• 30 ° « «g
International Paper .... 266 ii" 21 " 20%
International Paper pfd 500 76% 76% 76%
International Power ... 100 87% 87% 87%
National Biscuit ...... 800 42% 42% 42%
National Load 200 19% 19 19
National Salt " 1S II
National Salt pfd .'" ' 53
North American '',,', \' t ' t ' |||) g4g 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
P»Mfl° x? a n l — m 65 : 64% *64 '
Xc,K c , M * il •••......... 1,700 48% 47% . • 47% I
Peoples Gas 25,700 103% 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car 1,500 44% 43% 43%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 2.400 ?86 85 85%
Pullman Palace Car 800 218% 218% 218%
Republic Steel 3,500 16% 15% 15%
Republic Steel prefd.... 1,500 69% r69 69
u S ar ••¦•••••;••• 8,500 121% 120% 120%
Tennesse Coal & Iron.. 1,600 64% 63% 63%
Union Bag & Paper Co. ..... ..„ .•.:! 14
Union B & p Co pfd.... ¦ ...... 71%
United States Leather.. 100 12% 12 12
V, 7. l i ea e ther P f( J •-' 300 .81% 81% 81V,.
United States Rubber .... .... 15%
US Rubber pfd .. . . 50
United States Steel 11,900 44% 43% 40%
U S Steel pfd 9.300 93% 92% 93
Western Union 600 92% 92 92
Total sales 742,600
! CLOSING BONDS.
D S ref 2s reg 108% I L & N Uni 4s ..102%'
U * ref 2s coup.... 108% Mcx Central 45..... 83
US 3s reg 108 Mcx Cent Ist inc.. 30%
US 3s coup.... 108% Minn &St L 4s. ...103%
V S new 4s reg. ...139 M X & T 4s 100
L S new 4s c0up. .139 M X & T 2ds 83 '
U S old 4s reg 112% N V Central lsts... 105%
V S old 4e c0up.. .112% N V Cent gen 3%5.109%
V, S6s reg 107 N J Cent en 55.. .131
U S Es c0up........ 107 N Pacific 45..... -...105
Atchlson gen 4s 103% N Pacific 3s 72%
Atchison adj 45.... 93% N& W con 45.. 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s 103% Reading Gen 45..... 99
Bait & Ohio 3%5... 96% S L & I M con ss. 117
B & O cony 4s 108% S L & S F 4s ; 95
Canada So 2ds 108% IS L western lsts. 97%
'Cent of Gi 5s 106% S L Swestern 2ds.. 80
Cent of Ga Ist inc. 83 S A &A" P 45...... 88%
Chfs & Ohio 4%5...107 So Pacific- 4s 94%
Chpo & Alton 3%5. 85% So Railway 5s 120%
C M & S P gen 45.. 111% j Tex & Pp.c lsts.... 120%
C & NW con 7s 138% T St L & W 45.... 82
C R I & P 4s 106% Union Pacific 45.. ..106
C C C & SLgen 45. 104% U P cony 45..... -...108%
Chgo Terminal 4s. 88% Wabash lets ......118
Colo & So 4s 88% Wabash 2ds 11l
D &"R G4s 103 Wabash deb B 60%
Erie prior lien 45.. 99 West Shore 4s 112%
Erie General 4s S9 Wheel &L E 45... 92%
F W & D C 15t.... 107% Wls Central 4s 88%
Hocking Val 4%5...106% Con Tobacco 45.... 64%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 Little' Chief 12
Alice .«, 4.1 Ontario 9 50
Breece 1 001 Ophlr 75
Brunswick Con .... 10 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 06IPotosi 05
Con Cal & Va 1 55 ' Savage 04
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 07
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 61 Standard 3 75
Leadville Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mining-
Call loans 3%@4 Adventure ......... 22%
Time loans 4 @4% Allouez 4%
Bonds— Amalgamated 86%
Atchison 4s 102 Bingham 29%
Gas Ist 78 Calumet & Hec1a..660
Mexican Cent 45... SO Copper Range 60%
Railroads — •' Dominion Coal 46%
Atchison 81 Franklin 16%
Atchlson pfd 101% ' Isle Royale 22%
Boston & Albany.. , Mohawk" 41%
Boston & Maine. ..192% Old Dominion 24%
Boston Elevated... , Oscebla 98%
N Y. N H & H... 212%: Parrot 36"
Union Pacific 107% Quincy 155
Mexican Central... 21",s Santa Fe Copper... 4%
Miscellaneous-^ Tamarack ....273
American 5ugar.... 120% i Trimountain 43
Am Tel & Tel 157 | Trinity 26%
General Electric... 2sß% United States 15%
Mass Electric 36% Utah ...'. 24
Mass Elec pfd 94 Victoria -7
United Fruit 89% Wlnona 2 3
U S Steel 43V4 i Wolverine 68
U S Steel pfd 93 |
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was becalmed but
cheerful. Among the factors that contributed
to the better feeling was the rumor that the
German Emperor was endeavoring to persuade
the Boers to surrender and also the news that
refugees were returning and the mines were
reopening. There was also a canard that
Botha, with 800 men, had surrendered. Amer
ican stocks moved in narrow limits. The au
thorities expect a sag in prices because of the
complete absence of the public from the mar
ket. New York bought Canadian Pacific only.
Money is very scarce, the rate ranging from
1 to 4 per cent. The bank again borrowed on
consols and the market borrowed £1,000,000
from the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— Anaconda, 7%- Atchison
ex-dividend. 53%; Atchlson preferred 104Vi'
Canadian Pacific, 117%; Denver and Rio Grande
47%; Denver and Rio Grande preferred 97V 4 :
Northern Pacific preferred, 105%; Southern Pa
cific, 63' i; T'nion Pacific, 10.1%; Union Pacific
preferred, $6. Bar silver, dull 26 5-16 d per
ounce. Money, 3@3% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Money on call, firm,
at tQS per cent; last loan. 5 per cent: prime
mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 87 1 /4@4 87% for demand and at $4 Sl@
4 84% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84%@4 85
and $4 SS: commercial bills, $4 83%ig'4 83%. Bar
silver, 57% c. Mexican dollars, 45Vic Govern
ment bonds, firmer; State bonds, inactive; rail
road bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— T0-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance
$171,915,330; gold, $110,594,500.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
IMGf barrels; exports, 3925 barrels. Irregular
and about steady. Minnesota patents, $3 80®
4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19,800 bushels; exports.
16,181 bushels. Ppot, steady; No. 2 red, 82% c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 79% c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 80% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard JXiluth, 87% cf. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady and were sustained most of the
day by a firm cotton market, lighter North
west receipts and Southwest buying. The close
was firm at a partial Me net advance. May
80%@80fcc, closed 80% c; December, 78 7-16@7S%c
closed 7S^-c. "*<>/».
HOPS— t'uiet.
WOOL—bcU.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 7c:
mild. steady; Cordova, 7%<511c. Futures
clc6?d steady, unchanged to 10 points net
lower. Total sales, 112.250 bags, including:
December, $6 7.'<!7 6 90: January, $6 85@7; March
$6 95@7 20; May, $7 15@7 35; July, $7 30@7 50;
August. $7 ?.5: September, $7 45<g7 65; October,
$7 65g>7 70.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, B%c; molasses sugar, 3c. Re
fined easy. Standard A, 4.70 c; confectioners' A,
4.70 c; mold A, 5.25 c; cut loaf, 5.40 c; crushed,
5.40 c; powdered, sc; granulated, 4.90 c; cubes,
5.15 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, E276 packages; strong.
State dairy. 14@22%c; creamery, 16%«r?24c; June
creamery. 17%@21%c; factory, 12%@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6729 packages; strong. State
and Pennsylvania, 26@27c; Western candled, 24
@27c; Western uncandled, 22i?f26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples was very quiet to-day.
State, common to good, 6@Bc; prime, B%c;
choice, 9c; fancy, 9Vi@9%c.
California dried fruits dull and unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%(S7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%(f?13c; Moorrark, S012&
PEACHES— PeeIed. ll^lSc; unreeled, 6@9%c.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
/
NKW YORK, Nov. 13.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices two points higher to
three points lower.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— A strong cash corn sit
uation led to bull activity and helped along
grain. Corn opened steady in spite of weaker
cablrg. The early business was quiet and pit
traders sold, easing prices a trifle. Reports
soon began to arrive, however, showing a re
markable cash strength. Sales were being
made to the East, West and South, in addition
to rood quantities taken for export. Sales on
track in Kansas City were reported at from
%@l%c higher than the local December quo
tation and prices here naturally shot upward.
Bulls began loading up again, shorts ran to
cover and December ran up to a srt-ong close,
I%*I'V4C above December.
The wheat market was a steady affair, but
actively steady when numerous bearish con
ditions are considered. Cables were weaker,
though only moderately bo. Both primary and
Northwestern receipts were heavy. The crowd
showed no inclination to buy at the early
steady hour, though offerings were liberal.
This brought an easy feeling and a stream of
liquidations. About this time the strength in
corn began to develop and wheat traders took
everything offered. Prices, however, never
went higher and December closed at 71%@71%c,
closing steady at 71% c. Trade on the whole
was only fairly active, the bulk of the business
beinr done. early.
Oats wore moderately active and strong.
Provisions were dull over a very narrow
range. January . pork closed unchanged. Jan.
; vary lard 2%@5c • lower and January ribs un
changed. ¦.-.•¦• - - . . \ -,•¦ '•'
The leading futures ranged as follows:
'Articles— ' « Open High: : Low. Close.
Wheat No. Z— -
November . .71 •¦ -• 71 1£ . '71' 71%
December •' 71% 71% " 71% 71%
May ...:...;........ .75%- 75% . 74% 75%
Corn No. 2— ¦ ; . • . . '
November ........* „ 55% j 59% • 58% 59%
December ..  68% 59% 59% 69%
May .- 61% . 62% : 61% 61%
Oats No. 2—
December 39 3914 .'38% • 39%
May......... ... 40 y 4(^4 , 40 ; - -40%
Mess Pork, per bbl— • ...
January ............14 87% 14 95 14 57% 14 95
May .....:....;... 15 10 15 10 15 05 15 05
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December '..-. 8 47% 850 8 474 850 :
January ......: 855 855 8 47% 8 5214
May:..! 86 5 8 67% 8 62% 8 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— *
January 765 770 7 62% 770
May ................ 780 .7 82% 7-75. 7 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat. 70370 1 No. 2 red, 72%@
73% c; No. 2 oats,. 48@48%c; No. 2 white, 42%@
43 1 /4 c; No. 2 rye, 60%"c; fair to choice malting
barley, 56@60c; No. 1 flaxseed, $147: No. 1
Northwestern, $1 47: prime timothy seed, $5 95@
6 05; mess pork, per bbl. $13 So@l3 90; lard, per
100 lbs., • $8 47%@S 50; short ribs sides (loose),
$7 So@7 95; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7%@
7%c: short clear sides . (boxed), $8 20@8 30;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 31; clover, con
tract grade. $9 15.
Article's— ' '\ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .63,000 29,000 .
Wheat, bushels 304,000 160,000 ,
Corn, bushels 150,000 40,000
Oats, bushels 292.000 ;'.•> 340,000
Rye. bushels 13,000
Barley, bushels .: 104,000 30,000 -
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 15@20c; dairies, 14@
19c; cheese, steady. 9%@10%c; eggs, firm, fresh
Z2@23c . i . .
Foreign Futures.
¦ _ f'K/.J LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Dec. March.
Opening 5 s% ¦ 5 10%
Closing ....5 9 5 10%
„. ' ' . PARIS.
_ Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening ;. 20 75 IS 18
Closing .20 85 22 25
Flour— . \ . .
Opening .......;................ 26 40 28 15 !
Closing 26 55 28 40
Exports and Imports.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The monthly
statement of the imports and exports of the
United States for the month of October shows
the following:
Merchandise, imports, $81,411,857. of which
$35,022,320 was free of duty; ' increase as com
pared with October, 1900, $10,780,000. Merchan
dise exports, $145,600,458; decrease, $17,600,000.
For the ten months ended with October the in
crease in the imports of merchandise over the
corresponding period of 1900 was $32,798,891. and
during the same period there was a decrease in
the exports of $3,393,596.
Gold, Imports, $5,593,864; decrease, $5,250,000.
Gold, imports, $3,803,443: increase, $3,360,000.
Silver, imports, $3,070,516; increase, $41,000.
Silver, exports, $4,737,080; decrease, $1,366,000.
The exports of domestic products during Oc
tober are given as follows:
Breadstuffe. $20,372,325; decrease. $1,500,000.
Cattle and hogs, $2,841,093; decrease, $61,000.
Provisions, $15,394,412; increase, $1,457,000.
Cotton. $46,625,321; decrease, $13,850,000.
Mineral oils, $6,316,901; increase, $287,000.
Total for ten months for the five items, $693,
575,766, as against $636,006,106 for the corre
sponding period last year.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 17,
00, including 275 Texans and 6CO Westerns.
Good to choice, 10@15c higher; -others active
and steady. Good to prime, $6 25@7 25; poor to
medium, $4<f?6 25; stockers and feeders, $2@
4 30; cows, $1 25@4 60; heifers, $2 50@5 50; can
ners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $1 75@4 50; calves, $2 50
6 25; Texas fed steers, $3 30@3 80; Western
steers, ?3 65(g5 30.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 47,000; to-morrow,
38,000; left over. 3500. Active, steady to ¦5c
lower; closed steady. Mixed and butchers',
$5 40@5 77%: good to choice heavy. $5 50@5 82%;
rough heavy, $3 30@5 50; light, $5 25@5 55; bulk,
$5 45(?5 65. • -
SHEEP— IS,OOO. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 40@4 10; fair
to choice mixed, $2 75@3 40; Western sheep, $3
(53 40; native lambs, $2 50@4'50; Western lambs,
$3 40(34 25. ¦
ST. JOSEPH. !•
ST. JOSEPH, Nov. 13.— CATTLE—
3200; steady. Natives, $3@S 55; ; cows and heif
ers,' $4 25@5 15: stockers and feeders, $1 50*54 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 7500. Light and light mixed,
$5 35@5 72%; medium and heavy, $3 60(g5 85;
pigs. $3 90@5; bulk, $5 Eo@s 75.
SHEEP— 600; steady. » Yearlings,
$4 05. - ,
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Trading in the local
market for metals was slow to-day. Tin was
steady at $23 30®23 30. At Loadon values were
5s higher, with the close steady at £112 10s
for spot and £10S for futures. Lead was dull
and unchanged at home and abroad, being
quoted at $4 37% and £11 3s 9d respectively.
Spelter was a little easier here, with spot
quoted at $4 30. London was unchanged at
£16 12s 6d for spot. Copper was a shade bet
ter in London, with spot quoted at £65 17s 6d
and futures at £65. Locally the market was
quiet, with lake at $16 SSSI7 and casting at
$16 37%(ff16 62%. Iron was unchanged. Pig iron
warrants, $9 50(310 50; No. 1 northern foundry,
$15fg16: No. 2 foundry, southern, $14@15; No. 1
foundry, southern. $14 60916 50; No. 1 foundry,
soft, southern. $14 SCK??I6. Glasgow warrants
closed at 54s lid and Mlddlesboro at 43s 9d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 13.— Clearings, $467,892;
balances, $76,160.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 13.— WHEAT— Steady at
56%@57c for Walla Walla, 56% c for valley and
LBc for bluestem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 13.— WHEAT— %c lower;
bluestem. 57c; club, 56c.
Foreign Markets..
LONDON, Nov. 13.— Consols, 92; silver,
26 5-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 77% c. Wheat car
goes on passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1
Standard California. 2Ss 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 28s fid; English country markets firm
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 13.— Wheat, quiet; No 1
Standard California, ss. lO'-dfTns lid; wheat 'in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in
Er?™lnnd, stormy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days .'. — $4 54%
Stirling Exchange, sight — 4 83
Sterling Cables — 4 £9
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 57 v,
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. Liverpool futures were weaker.
Broomhall cabled that seeding was still re
tarded in the central and northeastern prov
inces of India by drought.
New York reported foreigners buying freely
there. Chicago was unsettled, but not ma
terially changed, though the market was
thought to be oversold, with a reaction likely.
The country bought freely, and, as the leaders
were also buying, the market looked strong.
The strength in Corn helped Wheat.
The San Francisco market showed no further
change worthy of note.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 08%c@$l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal eession— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 04%. Second session— lo,ooo ctls, 99c; May—
16.000, $104V4; 10.000, $104%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctis,
$1 04% ; 8000, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctlg, $1 04% ;
10.000, $104%; December— 4ooo, 99% c.
BARLEY— Dealers again reported a weak and
very quiet market, with a tendency toward
still lower prices.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%@73%c for
No. 1 and 70@71%c for off grades: brewing and
shipping grades, 77V.@82%c; Chevalier, 95c©
$1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session-^No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Previous conditions prevail. The mar
ket is quiet.
Grays. $1 10@l 22%; whites $1 15(31 27%; Sur
prise, $1 30<?ri 32%; black, $1(S1 20, and red,
$1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed.
CORN— Offerings of the new crop are slowly
increasing, as there is no demand to absorb
the receipts. Prices are weak. Chicago re
ports a better cash demand and a stronger
feeling.
Large yellow is quoted at $1 20@l 30; small
round yellow, $1 25<gl 30; white, $1 25^1 35; East
ern Corn, nominal.
RYE— Quotable at 72%@75c per ctl. "
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, S3 25<§>
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour $7; Corn Meal $3 23;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy,
$4'<?4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4<«i>4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). {6 85(38 35;
in sacks, $6 50(58; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Feedstuffs remain as previously quoted. A
statement of the condition of the Hay market
appears in the first column.
BRAN— SI7*JIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB(S2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTI'FFS— RoIIed Barley. $16(^17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28: jobbing, $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20«21; Corn Meal, $31 50
©32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed, $17
(§lB.
HAY— Wheat. $9@ll 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, $S<Sll; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat.
$709; Alfalfa. $B®9 50; Clover, $6*37; Volun
teer, $5 50(5«; Stock, $stf?7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Bean market stood about the same yes
terday. Business was somewhat restricted by
its being collection day. Receipts were 10,600
sks. The general tone of the market is steady
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30«2 50; Small White, $3@
3 20; Large White. $2 65@2 80; Pea, $3@3 50:
Pink, $1 90@2 10j Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3 50®
3 65; Limas, $4 60@4 70; Red Kidneys, $3 50(34
per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah. B%c;
Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes rule firm, and prices continue to
harden slowly. Onions are also firm. Oregon
are held at the quotation below, but no sales
have yet been made at it. One car of Merced
Sweets was received.
A. good many poor Tomatoes are coming In
and will have to be worked off to canners at
25c.
POTATOES — 75(590c for Burbanks, from the
river; Salinas Burbanke. $1 40@l 60; Oregon
Burbanks, nominal; River Reds, $140; Sweets,
50c for Rivers and 75@S0c for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 35® 150 per ctl; Oregons are held
at $1 75; Pickle Onions, 60@75c per ctl..
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l@3c; Los An
geles do, sc; String Beans, 2%®3c; Limas, 2%@
3c; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from
Alameda. 40@75c: Dried Peppers, 10#12%c;
Green Okra. 40@75c per box; Carrots, 25(jf35c
per sack; Cucumbers, 40'560c: Pickles, 2%®3c
per lb for small and l@l%c for large; Garlic,
l%'S2 I 4c; Green Peppers, 40@50c per box for
Chile and 40®65c for Bell; Egg Plant. 40'363c
per box; Summer Squash. Ssc@l; Marrowfat
Squash, $7@B per ton; Hubbard Squash, $B@lo.
Poultry and Game.
Arrivals of Poultry were heavier and there
was an easier feeling, but prices showed little
change. Another car of Eastern came in,
making four thus far this week.
Arrivals of Game fell oft to 75 sks. The mar
ket showed no appreciable change
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c; Live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 14g15c for
Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 23@1 50; Goslings
$1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $4@4 50;
old Roosters, $4@4 50: Fryers, $3 50g i 4; Broil
ers, $3 50@4 for large and $3@3 50 for small:
Pigeons, $1 25<??1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75@
2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25@1 50:
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3@4: Canvasback. $3@5; Sprig, $2 50@
3; Teal. $2ff2 50; Widgeon, $1 50; Small Ducks,
$1 50; Black Jacks, $1 25; English Snipe $2:
Jack Snipe. $150; Gray Geese, $3'so'a4; White
Geese, $I@l 25; Brant, $1 25@1 50 per ~dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression In Butter continues and quo
tations are oft again. The market is too heav
ily suppled.
Cheese is steady. There is plenty here, but
no glut, and sellers are holding firmly up to
full quotations.
The advance in Eggs seems to be checked
for the moment. Buyers are not so eager, and
offerings, while not large, are not as meager
as for the past three or four days. The market
shows no weakness, however.
Receipts were 18,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 426 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 8400 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and 1600 pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25®27c per lb for fancy
and 21@23c for seconds; dairy, 17%®22%c; store
Butter, 15<gl7c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21fi22W-
Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 18@19c per lb~ * '
CHEESE— New, 12c; Old. lie: Young Ameri
ca, 12%<fil3c per lb; Eastern, 13f15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 42@43c for selected large, 40<a
41c for good to choice and 37%®39c for fair
store, 30c per dozen; cold storage, 20@27%c-
Eastern, 19@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of berries were heavier and prices
were lower. Large Strawberries were espe
cially weak, as they came in late, and most of
them had to go to the canners.
' Grapes were very weak. The demand has
fallen off considerably, and even the large
boxes, which have been favored by the local
trade, are accumulating.
Oranges continue to weaken, and $3 25 is now
about the top for the best Navels. There is
no change in Limes, but Lemons are easier.
Grape Fruit is lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Si@I 25 per box for extra, 50@!s."c
for good to choice and 25@50c for ordinary;
Lady Apples from Oregon, $1 50@2.
POMEGRANATES— 6S@SI per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellis, *1 25<§1 50 per box;
common, 50<fE75c.
QUINCES— 3S@6Sc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6Sc@SI per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S9@IO per chest for Long
worths and $3@-5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S4 25®7 per chest.
LOGAN P.ERRIEP— None in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— NominaI.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $10 50@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $3 per box.
FlGS— Black, $2 per large box.
GRAPES— Verdels, 25@60c per box and crate;
Tokay, 35@75c; Isabellas, 75c@$l; M*iscat, 30@
65c; Black, 25(6 60c; Cornichons, 35(575c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $I@2 for com
mon, $2 50@3 for good to choice and $3 25 for
fancy; new Navels, $2 50@3 25; Seedlings, $1 25@
2 25; Tangerines, $1 50; Lemons, $I@l 50 for
common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 50~@2 50: Mexican Limes, $4@
4 50; Bananas, $1 75@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices show no further change.
FRUlTS— Apricots, 7@S%c for Royals and S@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6%@Sc; sun-dried, 3%<@4%c:
Peaches. 5@7%c; Pears, 4@Bc; Plums, pitted, 4%
(Ef6c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, s<Qs\ic for red
and 5%<56%c for white; Figs. 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40*s, oV4(go%c; 40-50's. 4%@5c; 50-60's, 4>4@
4%c; 60-70' s. 3%(54c; 70-80's 3%®3%c; SO-90's, 2%
@3o; 90-100's, 2V4«2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box); Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; three
crown, 4%c; two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, B%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6^4c;
choice seeded. 5%e.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S(Sl2%c; 'Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c: No. 2, f%c; No. 1 hardshsell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10*8!
lie for softshell and s(§'6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecana, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
l%c for light amber; water white extracted,
s© 6c: light amber extracted 4(jj'sc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Bc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was rather firmer again. This market
continued dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams, 12% c; Mess Beef, $10@10 f>o per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50: Family, ?12-f?l2 50; prime
Mess Pork, $15; extra clear $22 50(523; Mess,
$18 50(519; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and 10% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10% c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 10% c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; live tierces, 9%0 per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND S^lNS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under .quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stasg, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c;
Salted Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 17c; Culls. 15c; Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, lS@l9c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; sheepskins, shearlings, I.s<ffi3Or:
each; short Wool, 40<g60c each; medium, .-iivft
75c- long Wool. SOcSJI 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 26@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins^— Summer or red skins. Uoc; fall or me
dium skins 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prinie Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6Uc; No. 1 rendered, b<@
S^c per lb; No. 2, 4(?4%c; grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring 1900 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 months. 7ffSc; Oregon Valley fine. 13<3
lac: do medium and coarse, llttlCc; Oregon,
Eastern, choice. Il<gl3c; do, fair to good, 9®
lie; Nevada, 10:312 c.
Fall— San Joaquin. 6%@8%c: San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%fi9c; Middle County, SfglGc; North
ern Mountain, free. !)@10c; do. defective. S@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9«IOc for fair and U#XM per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs show no further change here, but are
steadily weakening at Chicago, under heavy
and increasing receipts. All other descriptions
are steady at the recently revised prices.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF-6fi7c for Steers and s@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Bc; small. B«9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7*37^; Ewes. 6'-j®'C. per
pound.
LAME— 7fJßc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5»4c;
under 150 lbs, oU^oUc; sows, 20 per cent oft*,
boars 30 per cent oft and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
General Merchandise.
GRAIN Calcutta Grain Bags, "c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@Bc; Fruit Bags, 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $8 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsericl, $9; Co-operative
Wallsend, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
A circular for Australia says: "Since October
21 the following coal cargoes from Newcastle,
N. S. W., have been delivered here, viz.: Here
ford, 2084 tons; Hinemoa, 3486 tons; Orontes,
1813 tons; Marlon Frazer, 3600 tons: Bracadale,
3047 tons; Clack man Ire, 2345 tons; Edmoud
Rostand. ' 2970 tons; total. 29,345 tons.
There are now on the engaged list to deliver
coal here from Newcastle, thirty-five vessels,
with a carrying capacity of nearly 100,000 tons;
this Is an increase of fully 20,000 tons in the
past - thirty days. Some of these vessels will
not arrive here before March or April next.
The latest freight rates on coal from Australia
are quoted at 12 shillings per ton. and even at
this low figure Importers are making very light
profits on their present asking prices. They
are forced to name low figures, as they come
in direct competition with British Columbia
grades. Fuel Oil Is making new converts daily,
and is causing coal consumers to adopt Its use,
and a number who were skeptical about mak
ing any change are now modifying their ma
chinery. The disasters to the- Wellington col
lieries will cause a lively demand for such Aus
tralian fuel as Is suitable for domestic pur
poses, but it must arrive here within the next
ninety days; after -that time the winter de
mand diminishes. The decline in outward grain
freights should cause an advance in coal
freights from the Colonies." .
OlLS— California Castor Oil, in cases No 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64e for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; .Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c'
China Nut, 53@72c per gallon ; pure Neatsfoot'
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c'
Whale Oil, natural white, 40<§45c per gallon
Fish Oil, barrels, 37% c; cases, 42% c: Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63% c for Ceylon and 58% c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk
13% c; Pearl Oil, !n cases, 20c; Astral. 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene, 22c'
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c- in
cases, 21% c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases'
26}£c.
TURPENTINE— SB%e per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90 c; Pow
dered, 4.75 c; Candy Granulated, 4.75 c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65 c; Confectioners' A, 4.63 c: Fruit
Granulated, 4.65 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.25 c; Extra C. 4.15 c;
Golden C. 4.05 c; ,D, 3.95 c; barrels, 10c more;
half- barrels, 25c more; boxes. 00c more: 50-lb
bags, 10c more No orders taken for less than
to barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.15 c; boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks 20,290 Brandy, gals 19.000
Wheat, ctls 400 Win*, gals 88,500
Barley, ctls 1,760 Shorts sks 120
Tallow, ctls 20 Lfather, rolls 74
Sugar, ctls 10.731 Straw, tons 16
Bran, sks 1,38", Hay. tons 549
Beans, sks 10,587 Middlings, sks.... 660
Potatoes, sks B.SS". Hides. No 10a
Onions, sks 441 Pelts, bdls 7310
Wool, sks 5Z Baisins. bxs 1.450
Chicory, bbls 50 Quicksilver. flsk3 102
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 620 Bran, sks 190
Oats, ctls 420
STOCK MARKET.
The decline in Giant Powder was arrested
on the morning session by strong parties, who
turned in and absorbed all offerings. Under
their purchases it advanced from $73 50 to $83.
closing the call firm. Market Street Railroad
was weak at $S2 75@53. The unsettled condi
tion of this stock, which is a source of mys
tification to many, is said to be due to more
or less uncertainty among a good many people
as to the purchase of the foldings of the small
owners by the syndicate which has bought the
system. The other stocks showed no changes
worthy of note and the oil stocks continued
dull and featureless.
Giant Powder continued to improve in the
afternoon, rising to $84 50. Paauhau Sugar was
weaker at ?12 50.
The assessment of 2c on Han ford- San ger Oil
falls delinquent December 9.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. • Bid Ask
4s quar c0up..H2%113 |4s qr cp (new") 139 139* i
4s quar reg....H2%113 3s quar coup.. —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P O 05.107 ' — j Oceanic SS 55. 103% _
Cal-st ss. 117% — Omnibus C 6s. 129% —
C C Water 55.. — 111% Pac G Imp 43. 95 —
Ed L& P 65.. — — Pk &C H 65.. — 113
Fer &Cl H 6s. — 122 jPk & O R 65. .121 -
Geary-st 55.... — 100 I Powll-st R 65. 118% —
H C & S 5%s — — (Sac EG R ss. 94%100
do 65.. .. v ... 99% — SF & SJV 58.123 " —
Los Ang R 55.117% — Sierra Cal 65.. — —
L A Light 65.. 101*4 — SP of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 65. .100 — (1909) 113% —
Do gntd 55. .102 103 (1910) 114% —
L A & P 55. .102% — S Po* Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 55.101 103 (1903), Ser A. IOB —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127% — (1905). Ser B. 109 103%
Do 1 c m ss. — 123% - (1908) 110% —
N R of Cal 65.112VU13 ¦- . (1912) 119% —
Do 5s 121 122% S P of Cat Ist
Nor Pac C 55.107%107% c gntd 55.... 109 —
Nor Cal R ss. 112% — SPBr Cal 65.135 • —
Oak Gas ...112 — S V Water 65.ni%112
Oak Trans 65.. 125 126 ! Do 45.. 1C2%103«.
Do Ist c .112%112% ! Do 4s. 3d m.. — 102*4
Oak Wat g ss. — 105 Stktn Gas 65.. — 103%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 76% Port Costa.*... 63% 68
Marin County. 58 — | Spring Valley. 89% 90
; GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% 3% Pacific Light . 41 _
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutua1......... .4% 5% SF G & E.... 44 441;
Oakland — .51% San Francisco. 5 s*!
Pac Gas Imp. 40 41 I Stktn G & E. 8 —
, . INSURANCE.
Flrem"* Fund. 24o ¦ — ¦ /
" -, ¦' BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 79 LP & A 160 170
California ....406 40S Mer Ex (liq) is 311
Caf Safe Dep..lO9\i - IS F National 130 -
First Natlonal.3l« . - «, °nai..wj _
: SAVINGS BANKS. "*
German ......1900 — . Say & Loan — sa
Humboldt — — Security Sav.!2Ss 350
Mu F u lav^:::s2i - Unloa Trust " is «> -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....135. —iO L& H 40 _
Geary — 50 Presidio :...." 3314 _ .
Market ........ 83 83%! - * ~
POWDER. - /
Giant 54% 83 1 Vigorit ........ 4*l 47.
SUGAR. * *
I* 3 -" 4 , ..........— 5 Ktlauea ....... n 1014
Hawaiian ..... 37% 50 Makawell .... 26 27
Honokaa 12% 13 Ononjea ... 24
Hutchlnson ... 14 15 Paauhau " lltt vi
MISCELLANEOUS "' *"" -
Alaska Pack.. 151 151% O«eanlc*S Co.. - 43
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Vux -v 1 "ii 4 *
Cal Wine Asn. 89 _ Pac C Borax lfi= % ~
Mer Exchng...llO - I Par Pafnt "!: W ~
•' Morning . Session.
Board— .
iffiZ^o^ 1^' 0 " »?0
50 Giant Powder Con '.'..'..'. : ••— f: a 3
40 Market-street Railway Co '. S ?-
# 130 Market-street Railway Co ' -« S
$5000 S P ;of Arizona (igow;".:;---"-^ "
• . .V~ V ..113 90
AUCTION SALES *
£* THOROUGHBREDSI «
On Thursday. November 21. and Tuesday. No-
vember 26, MO, 1 will hold dispersal sales of
all the thoroughbred stallions, brood mar (in
foal), yearlings, two-year-olds and three-year-
olds by Crescendo. St. Carlo, imp. Golden Gar-
ter. Drum Major, Flambeau* and Brioso. The
mares are by WlldMle, Three Cheers, Flood.
Racine, Joe Daniels. Hidalgo. Fetterlock. St.
Savior, Tomahawk, Kyrle Daly, John Happy.
Duke of Norfolk, FcuLshot and Bellicoso. Cata-
logues ready. Watch this column for further
particulars. •
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard St.. near Third, S. F.
: WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer. *.
£s*TO FORECLOSE LiEN
Auains.t d. McCarthy.
ax AUCTION.
. Thirty head horses; trotters, roadsters, Hun-
garian, and some polo ponies.
THIS DAY.
THUi.^.v;, v i iv a. m.
Mascot Livery Stables, 1106-1108 . Golden Gata
avenue. By order W. W. CHASE CO.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer. *»i
3 Spring Valley Water Co 8> 50 '
90 Spring Valley Water Co 90 00
15 Spring Valley Water Co '. 89 »7Vi
$3000 U S 3 per cent Bonds (.coupon) 108 50
Street —
7 Bank of California 408 00
$6010 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 107 00
$2000 Market-street R R Con as 123 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association .... 151 25
4 Alaska Packers' Association ........131 50
3 California Wine Association 83 00
10 Giant Powder Con $4 60 ¦
73 Giant Powder Con 34 30
290 Honokaa S Co 12 50
25 Market-street Railway Co .... S3 CO
230 Paa-uhau S P Co 12 50 »
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 44 00
$1000 S P Co 6s (1205 Series A) 108 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co : 8975
Street— • : 'i : r
100 Makaweli : 27 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Home 3 40
600 Lion (19
400 Monarch of Arizona 22
70 Peerless 5 12'^
10 Petroleum Center 05
1000 Petroleum Center 1 1>
100 Sterling ,
Street—
1000 Junction, s 30 27
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Bear Flag 05
500 California Standard 23
100 Four 42
358 Four. 3 90 45
2COO Four 45
2050 Junction 2«
300 Junction s 60
100 Lion 08
100 Monarch of Arizona
250 Petroleum Center
100 Wolverine 5d
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Best & Belcher 16 100 Savage Oft
100 Caledonia 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 10
300 Hale & Norcrs. 17 100 Union Con 12
300 Ophlr 76
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 16 200 Ophir 73
100 Caledonia 23 300 Silver Hill 3i
10-) Challenge 16 500 Utah 01
200 Mexican 15 5 Yellow Jacket. 18
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
700 Best & Belcher IS 700 Ophlr 73
600 Best & Belcher 17 900 Ophir
200 Caledonia 22 500 Potosi
400 Con Cat*& Val >'•'> 500 Savage
2W Mexican 17 300 Sierra Nevada. 0»
200 Mexican 15 30D Silver Hill tt
800 Mexican 14 900 I" nion Con 11
100 Ophir 74 500 Union Con U
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 05 WO Ophir 74
300 Best & Belcher IS 20) Scorpion j
EO Chollar M 200 Sierra Nevada. Of
100 Con Cal & V.I 82% 500 Silver Hill 3ft
200 Mexican 16 400 Yellow Jacket. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. M
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 13—4 p. na.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 01 Justice 01 03
Alta 01 02 Kentuck — OJ
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 13 1 +
Best & Belcher 15 IS Occidental
i Bullion 01 01 Ophir 72 73
Caledonia 22 23 Overman 05 97
Challenge Con. IS 17 Potosi
Chollar (6 06 Savage 03 0«
Confidence 72 76 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 165 Seg Belcher.... 02 M
Con Imperial .. — ul Sierra Nevada. 09 10
Con New York. 01 - Silver Hill 34 35
Crown Point... 03 05 St Louis '13 —
Eureka C0n..., 14 — Standard -400
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry. 08 10 Union Con 11 13
Hale & Norcrs. 17 19 Utah 01 01
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 12 14
ILEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Dougherty to F. F. Freeman, lot on the
SE corner of Francisco and Jones streets. E 58,
S 52:6, W 19. S 60. W 33. X 112:6; $ .
J. J. and Emma H. Dowllng to "Investor" (a
corporation), same; $10.
Patrick Wherity to Clara E. L. Folger (wife of
J. A.), lot on the W corner of First and Te
hama streets. NW 30 by SW 80; $10.
Sophie Wanner (widow) to Henry C. Stein,
lot on the W line of Twenty-third avenue. 375.
Clement street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Moses J. Lyon to Ezekiel Wilson, lot on th»
S line of Clement street. 75 E of Sixteenth ave
nue. E 50, S 100, E 25, S 100, W 50, N 100, W 25.
N 100: $5.
Ezekiel Wilson to Anna Smith (wife of John).
lot on the S line of Clement street, 100 E of
Sixteenth avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Albert E. and Jessie Milliken (by attorney)
to J. C. Bates, lot on the E line of Edinburs
street. 175 N of Brazil avenue. N 150 by E 200*
block 47. Excelsior Homestead $10.
William Forbes to Christine Forbes, lot on
the S line of Sagamore street. 340 E of Capital
avenue, E 50, S to N line of San Jose avenue.
SW 50, N to S line of Sagamore street, being
E % of lot 4. block B, Railroad Homestead
Association; $1.
Humboldt Lumber Mill Company to John J.
Lewis, lot on. the E line of Ramseil street, 133
N of Palmetto avenue, N 50 by E 100, lota 12
and 13, block 39, City Land Association; $400.
Maud. Cecelia. Cornelia, and Ella O'Connor to
William Crane Spencer (trustee), all Interest in
19326; $5000.
Edward Heringhi to Frederick C. Slebe. lot
on NW corner of D street and Thirty-eighth
avenue, W 210 by N 225, quitclaim deed; $25.
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to John Gomersal. lot on N line of X street.
95 E of Forty-fifth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $11).
Monroe " Greenwood Estate Company to P.
Boragnl. lot on E corner of Twenty-seventh
avenue and J street, NE 100 by SE 75, lot 9.
block 493. Bay View Homestead; $10.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Charles D. and
Annie E. Lucas, lot on S corner of Twenty -
first avenue South and L street South. SW
100 by SE 25. lot 8. block 422. Snath San Fran
cisco Homestead »nd Railroad Association: $lit.
Estate Frances D. J. Smith (by Chester L.
Smith, administrator) to August K!ahn, lot on
NW corner of Chenery and Fairmount streets.
W 90:3. N 100. E 123, S 106, lots ID and 20, block
13. Fairmount; $1650.
Sigmuml Fischer to Peter Wiechers and John
Guetersloh lot on NE line of Laldley street,
141:4 SE of Grove (Thirtieth). SE 33:11. E 148:7.
N 30. thence 164:3. lot - 124. block 23. Mission
and Thirtieth Street Homestead Union: also
intersection lot on S line of Grove street and
NE line of Laidlev. E 85:6. S 125» W 13.5. NW
11:1. lot 123. block 23. same: $13C0.
Henry Berg to Charles Berg, lot on SE cor
ner of Bosworth and Cuvler streets. S 100 Is 7
E 50. its 11 and 15, block 1". De Boom Tract; "
$10. ¦"•
Odd • Fellows* Cemetery Association to Wil- .
helmlna Llllle. lot in said cemetery; $133.
Al^meda Jounty.
George D and Lillie F. Toy to Emily K. Par
stow, lot on the E line of Filbert street. 154
S West Fourteenth, S 40 by E 123, being a por
tion of block 570 plan Subdivision 6lock 570.
etc.. Oakland: $10.
Louis D. Reeb (single) to Mary D. Ambrose
(wife of John), lot on the N line of Elm or
Twenty-fourth street. 190 E of San Pablo ave
nue. E 63. N 100. W 18, N -'•"•. W 50. 9 '.-'. belns
a portion of block N. map of W. F. Kelsey
tract. Oakland: $10.
Henry Rogers (as trustee under trust created
by Catherine M. Garcelcn. April 21, 1891. 419 D.
431, etc.) to Asbury J. Russell. Peter L. Wheel
er and William B. Bosley (as trustees 'Sam
uel Merrltt Hospital"), lot on the E line of
Oak street. 434 N of Thirteenth. X M E to
shore of Lake Merritt. S alone and following
said shore to Its intersection, with line drawn
E from beginning and at right angles with B
line of Oak street. W in straight line to begin
ning:., Oakland: $— — . - .v _ '-•'* •
George and Mandana E. Chase to Rod W.
Church, lot on the S corner of East Eleventh
street and Eleventh avenue. SE CO, SW to high
tide -line of San Antonio Creek. W along said
¦ line to SE corner of Eleventh avenue, NE along
said last line to beginning-, being a portion of
blrrk 13, CUnton. East Oakland: $10.
• Plummer Improvement Company to Frederick
H. Clark, lot on the SWi corner of Kearney and
Piedmont avenues. N 50 by W 133. being a por
tion of block 2. map of th» property of John
Kearney, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
• Federal Security Company to Clara P. Cow-"
perthwalte. lot on the \V line of College way.
23:4 Sof Sylvan way. S 33: by SW 100. Hllle
gasa Tract. N of Bancroft way, Berkeley; $10.
William Cowperthwaite to Mau (wife),
I same, Berkeley, gift.PANAMA REBELS
TRICK FEDERALS
Capture Military Force
of Taboga Island by
Clever Work.
Use Steamer Taken From
Government to Worry
Sailing Vessels.
COLON. Colombia, Thursday, Nov. 7.—
Following are the details of the capture
by insurgents of the steamer Darien,
which was recently purchased by the
Government from the Darien Gold Min
ing Company at Panama:
, The Darien was dispatched by the Co-
; -mbian Government, toward the end of
October, to convey a rapid-fire gun and a
lair supply of rifles and ammunition to
the forces now stationed at Aguadulce.
It is rumored that she had on board 55000
to be delivered at Aguadulce. The steam
er had been ordered to keep well in sight
of Chorrera, the headquarters of the in
surgent forces, on her way to Aguadulce.
In compliance with this order it appears
the captain of the Darien steamed too
close to land wnen in the vicinity of
Chorrera ana the streamer grounded on
a. sand Dank in signt of the rebel forces,
who soon surrounded her with canoes,
open boats, etc, and took possession
without any righting whatever.
The rebels, on the rise of the tide, im
mediately ordered the captain to steam
to the island of Taboga, about ten miles
south of Panama, anu on arriving there
they signaled to the officer commanding
the military contingent there to come on
board. As soon as ne did so he was made
« prisoner and compelled to write an or
der for the force under his command to
embark with all haste with their arms.
In this manner about thirty men and all
the arms and ammunition at Taboga were.
captured. '
It is said the Government believes that
the captain of the Darien was in the pay
of the rebels.
The Darien has since been trying to
capture sailing vessels having Govern
ment troops on board and actually had
one in tow when she- was chased - by a
email steamer chartered from the canal
company. The Government is now with
xut any steamers or gunboats of its own
it t Panama. ,
OFFICERS AND OUTLAWS
IN A PITCHED BATTLE
Attempt Made by Escaped Convicts
to Steal Horses Results in a
Serious Fight.
GUTHRIE. Okla.. Nov. 13— A pitched
battle was fought yesterday afternoon by
deputy sheriffs and citizens and a band
of outlaws near Piokee, an Indian village
of Kay County. The officers state the
outlaws are some of the escaped prison
ers from Leavenworth. The battle was
the result of an attempt made by the out
laws to steal several horses in that neigh
borhood. Several of the combatants are
reported ¦wounded.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Nov. 13 —Deputy War
den Lemon of the Federal Penitentiary Is
In close pursuit of two escaped convicts
near Wellington. Another posse is near
two convicts in the vicinity of Coffey
ville. Numerous horses have been stolen
by those being pursued. These four are
all the officers have positive track of to
night.
Reports come from Wellsville. Ottawa
and Emporia that posses are pursuing
some suspects, but these are not known
to be convicts. There are nine yet at
laree.
GANG OF BURGLARS FAIL
IN ATTEMPT TO 808 A BANK
Armed With Revolvers and Shotguns
They Terrorize the Citizens of
a Small Town.
WAPAKONETA. C Nov. 13.— A bold
attempt was made last night to rob the
am' Bank at Minster, this county,
by a gang of twelve or fifteen men. who
held up the citizens of the town in regu
lar Western style.
The well armed with revol
•nd shotguns, suddenly appeared on
the main street and fired half a dozen
shots. They broke open the doors of the
bank building and attempted to blow
open the safe with nitro-glycerine, but
failed to reach the inner vault, which
contain* - f
In the meantime the marshal and night
watchman opened fire on the robbers from
8 second-story window across th<.' street
•he bank. The robbers returned th?
•id also fired at all citirens who
red on the streets. Over 100 shots
were exchanged. Becoming frightened.
v jumped into their rigs and
rapidly away. No trace of them
ir b<=-en found.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. To-day the
delegation of the Argentine republic to the
Pan-American Congress entertained the United
6tates and Mexican colleagues at a banquet.
Th* fall delegation of the United States was
present.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
POOR CHRISTIANS.
Unwise Feeding Makes Them.
Borne people thought he was a funny old
mar. when he spoke at camp meeting: on
the subject of "Lord. Give Us Sense."
One of the first requisites for living a
peaceful, upright, honest and religious life
ie food of the kind that ran be easily
digested and that furnishes the rebuilding
material for good, healthy brain and
nerve centers.
It is absolutely out of the question for a
person to be peaceful, capable and right
minded when the brain is underfed, and
the nerves wrecked from lack of rebuild-
ing elements they have a right to expect
from good food.
A person fed on meat, bacon, ham. fried
cakes, hot biscuits, sticky and poorly
cooked starchy oatmeal and wheat, may
possibly have strong digestion enough to
handle these things and be a happy,
healthy individual; but 90 people in 100
have not. and the result is irritable, poor-
. ly nourished, nervous bodies, foul breath,
r* and a general condition that prevents one
fiom being happy and contented. It is
practically impossible for such persona
to be good Christians. -J *
The religion of common "sense and good
food Is the first religion that a man or
woman should cultivate, for that condi-
tion makes possible thoughts of a higher
nature and a better grade.
There is a world of wisdom In the say-
ing of Ruskin, "We may be sure we are
not serving the Lord if we are not happy
ourselves." All should try to build up a
steady set of nerves and get rid of dys-
pepsia, constipation, fluttering heart,
weak, nervous conditions, and a train of
terrors that come from bad digestion and
poor food. They should quit coffee abso-
lutely. Take for breakfast a little cooked
or raw fruit, a saucer of Grape-Nuts
Food and a cup of Postum Coffee. No
meat or grease. You will have a clean,
healthy stomach for dinner,, and at that
meal have some meat and vegetables that
you can digest. Let your supper be the
same as your breakfast.
Tou probably don't need medicine, but
you need the kind of food that contains
elements that rebuild the soft gray mat-
-(|^r in the brain and nerve centers
Throughout the body.
It is "Up to you," reader, to put your-
self right and make of yourself a happy,
cheerful individual, capable, and show-
Ing forth the charm of life rather than
It* terrors and distresses.
TRYING TO WEAR
OUT THE BOERS
British War Secretary
Says England Has
Set Her Teeth.
Will Provide Lord Kitchener
With Fresh Troops to
Continue Fight.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— Mr. Brodrick, the
British War Secretary, speaking to-night
at a banquet given in London in his
honor by the City Carlton Club, declared
that the Boers are hiding their tracks
by murdering the Kaffirs behind them.
Lord Kitchener wired to-day, he con
tinued, that the cold-blooded murder of
natives had become frequent of late, and
that two dead natives, their hands tied
behind their backs, were found Novem
ber U at the bottom of a mine shaft.
Later in hi? speech Brodrick said Great
Britain has now 42,000 Boers in custody in
the centralization camps and on various
islands, and that 11,000 more had been
killed or wounded or had left the country
on parole- He added that he believed the
number of Boers now in the Held was
about iO.OOO.
"The country has set Us teeth and in
tends to go through the process of wear
ing them down," he exclaimed. "We in
tend to provide Lord Kitchener with
fresh troops to replace the tired ones.
Only to-day a certain colony made an
offer to help.''
Brodrick said he was sorry anything
had happened to affect the career of Sir
Redvers Buller, and he assured the com
pany that' the deafness of Sir Evelyn
Wood was not a bar to the work that
officer had to do as commander of an
army corps.
BERLIN, Nov. 13— The Frankfurter
Zeitung to-day publishes an interview
with A. D. Wolmarens, the Boer repre
sentative, now at Amsterdam, in which
the latter is quoted as declaring that the
alleged impending peace negotiations be
tween the Boers and British are un
founded.
"So long." said Wolmarens, "as the
British Ministry maintains the attitude
outlined by Chamberlain's and Lord Salis
bury's last speeches, the question of
peace cannot be entertained. The idea of
the cession of the gold fields Is absurd."
JAPAN FAILS TO SELL
HER BONDS IN AMERICA
Mikado's Representatives in This
Country Report the Collapse of
the Project.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 13.— The Japan
Herald says the scheme of the Japanese
Government for the acquisition of money
from abroad by undertaking the sale of
public bonds on the American market has
finally ended in a fiasco. As is well
known, the Government has been at
tempting the introduction of foreign capi
tal, with a view of undertaking such pub
lic works as are necessary, and it is a
fact that for a time the negotiations with
American capitalists made a favorable
passage, but subsequent to the death of
Mr. McKinley the market condition for
the sale of Japanese bonds became dis
couraging. Marquis Ito, who is now in
America, did his best on behalf of the
Japanese Government, but, having exact
ing conditions alleged to have been de
manded by foreign capitalists, he has be
come compelled to recognize the failure
of his exertions, and Mr. Takahiri, Japa
nese Minister in Washington^ has like
wise dispatched a telegram to his home
government announcing the total collapse
of the expected acquisition of foreign cap
ital.
In view of the hopelessness on the part
of the Government to resume its attempt
on advantageous terms, the authorities
have made up their minds to map out an
other financial programme, but as to the
nature of the fresh scheme nothing has
yet come to light.
Work for Stanford Debaters.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 13.—
The Stanford lntersociety Debating
League has taken action that may result
in the cardinal's debating interests being
extended beyond their present narrow
limits. Negotiations are being made with
the University of Washington with the
view of obtaining an oratorical contest
between the northern team and the Stan
ford second team. The cardinal first team
i^ scheduled for a debate with represent
atives from the University of Nebraska,
but it seems improbable now that the
Nebraskans will come to Stanford. Colo
rado College, located in Colorado Springs,
has sent out a challenge for a debate, and
it is possible that arrangements will be
made for such a contest. The prelimin
aries for the Carnot debate will occur on
Friday and Saturday evenings of this
week, thirty-two candidates being en
tered in the contest.
— •
Dawson a Railway Center.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 13.— The Colo
nist says editorially this morning: "We
have information which leads us to feel
warranted in Haying that the proposed
railway from Dawson to the Klondike
mines will be built next summer. The line
will probably extend to Bonanza Creek,
with branches up the several gold-pro
ducing creeks, the main line continuing
from Bonanza up El Dorado and across
the divide to Indian River. The object of
the promoters will be to extend the line
at a very early day as far as Stewart
River, and ultimately to the mouth of the
Pelly. opposite Fort Selkirk. It will in all
probability form part of an All-Canadian
route to Dawson. '
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— Postmasters
appointed: Washington— W. E. Thomp
son. Cowiche. Y.ikima County, vice Sarah
A. Hobbs, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Increase — Morris W. Reeder, Laman
da. S10; Julius E. Foss. Soldiers' Home,
Log Angeles, |8; Charles Fulghum, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $*; Calvin Mr-
Names, Picard, $12; William F. Hannan,
Colfax. $12. Widows — Minor of Reuben
A. Eleyet, Corning, $10.
Oregon— lncrease— William T. B. Mcln
tire. Woodlawn, $12; Wallace McKlbben,
am Grove, $8.
Washington— Original— Dana L. Bean,
Bucoda, $&.
Plan Protection of Game.
BAN JOSE. Nov. 13.— The second annual
convention of the California Fish and
Game Protective Association met here to
night with a fair attendance. President
Payne presiding. The session to-night
was devoted to the reading of papers.
To-morrow the reports of the officers will
¦mined and officers elected. One
of the most important announcements
hat made by Chief Deputy Vogel
sang of the fish commission. This was
to the effect that Judge Carroll Cook of
San Francisco had just handed down a
decision sustaining fully the law which
prohibits the buying and selling of quail.
Last Passengers From Dawson.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 13.—
The steamer City of Seattle arrived from
Skaguay to-day, bringing 273 passengers,
most of whom are direct from Dawson,
having arrived at White Horse last Thurs
day on the steamer Ora, the last boat to
come up the river this season. Captains
and crews of the various boats on the
Yukon were passengers on the Seattle,
their craft having gone into winter quar
ters.
Anti-Chineoe Delegates.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 13.— At the request
of the Board of Supervisor? of San Fran
cisco the City Trustees of San Rafael
have appointed the following committee
to attend the anti-Chinese convention to
be held in that city on the 21st: Hon. F.
M. Angellotti, S. H. Olmstead. Hon. J. H.
Wilklns, Tobias Hock and T. P. Boyd
Hirsch Takes an Appeal.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 13.-H. L. Hirsch, who
was recently convicted of conducting a
concert hall in the Pabst Cafe without a
license, was sentenced to pay a fine of $65
by Justice Cobb to-day. A motion for a
new trial was denied. Hirsch has taken
an appeal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
TRAIN ROBBER
IS IDENTIFIED
St. Louis Suspect Is the
Man Wanted in
Montana.
Harry Longbaugh and Laura
Bullion Indicted on Sev
enteen Counts.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 13.— The November
Federal Grand Jury to-day returned In
dictments against Harry Longbaugh,
alias "John Arnold," the mysterious Mon
tana train robber suspect, and his com
panion, Laura Bullion. They were In
dicted on seventeen separate counts each.
Charles H. Smith and Michael F.
O'Neill, express messenger and fireman
respectively of the Great Northern flyer
that was held up last July near Wagnei'.
Mont., arrived here this afternoon and
identified the suspect under arrest as
Harry Longbaugh, the man who held up
the train and took the lead in intimidat
ing the train crew and blowing open
the express company's safe, from which
nearly $100,000 in unsigned bills of the
National Bank of Helena were stolen.
O'Neill says that Longbaugh is the man
who climbed over the tender and held
up Engineer Josephs and then superin
tended the blowing up of the safe. His
recollection of the episode was so vivid
that he could describe the two revolvers
that the robbers used. The police say
they are the same weapons that were
found on the prisoner when he was ar
rested.
Smith and O'Neill came to St. Louis ac
companied by C. F. Elliott of the ex
press company from whose safe the bank
notes were stolen.
Robber Merely Sniffs.
Longbaugh never flinched when thi
identification v.'as made. He merely
looked at the men and sniffed contemptu
ously. Chief Desmond asked Longbaugh
his real name.
"I will talk when the time comes,"
was the reply, ar.d not another word coul:l
the chief get out of the stubborn pris
oner.
"I first saw this man when we were
about 500 yards out of Malta," said
O'Neill. "I was shoveling coal and 1
looked up and saw him coming over the
tender. He had a big pistol in his left
hand and a smaller one in his right hand
When he saw that 1 had seen him he
covered me with his pistol and told me to
go on with my work. I complied. Then
he came on toward me and the engineer,
T. R. Jones. He kept one pistol on m>;
and the other on Jones.
" 'What does this mean?' asked Jones.
" 'It means that it is a hold-up and
that it is going through,' the fellow said.
as he climbed c n the seat by the engi
neer's side."
Story of the Robbery.
Fireman O'Neill then related in detail
the story of the robbery, adding:
"After looting the safe and getting the
money, they had horses standing there
and they rode away at a gallop, shooting
all the while."
O'Neill said that for eight miles he.
rode in the same cab with the suspec".
He studied his features carefully. Ha
said when the robbery occurred Long
baugh had a short and stubby mustache.
It did not seem so dark then as it does
now.
Chief Desmond says that he now thinks
that the suspect's real name is Ben Kil
patrick.
"A tall Texan," answering the suspect's
description, was implicated in several
train and bank lobberies in the West, and
he was known- as Kilpatrick.
Elliott. O'Neill and Smith will remain in
St. Louis a day or two. The men may
testify in the United States court if it
is decided to continue the prosecution
here.
Since this last evidence has turned up
it may be deemed best to take him to
Montana for trial, where the offense of
train robbing ! s punishable by death.
BEAR ADMIRAL EVANS
TO GET A NEW BILLET
Secretary Long Selects Him for
Second in Command at Asiatic
Station.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Secretary
Long intends to send Rear Admiral Rob
ley D. Evans out to the Asiatic station
to be second officer in command. Both
Admiral Remey, commander in chief of
that station, and Admiral Kempff, junior
squadron commander, will return soon to
the United States, having served out the
term allotted for service in Asiatic
waters. This will leave Rear Admiral
Rodgers, now in senior command of the
squadron, in supreme command. Though
i". has not yet been decided, it is prob
able that there will not then be three
admirals on the Asiatic station as at
present, for men of this rank are needed
for service at home, and two rear ad
mirals, it is thought, will suffice.
ENTIRE PLANT OF MINE
SINKS INTO AN ABYSS
JOPLIN, Mo., Nov. 13.— 1n a cave-in at
Oronogi, near here, to-day, the entire
plant of the Aurora Mining Company,
one of the greatest producers in the dis
trict, was swallowed up. No lives were
lost. The plant comprised a hundred-ton
mill, office building and engine-house, all
of which were engulfed, together with
six gravel cars and an immense tailing
pile.
Workmen heard the timbers cracking
and signaled to be drawn up. The last
man had reached the surface only a few
minutes when the timbers collapsed, the
earth yielded, and with a crash the whole
plant sank into the abyss. Further cav
ing is feared and work in that vicinity
has been suspended. It is impossible to
estimate the damage.
Reduced Cable Rates to Philippine!?
LONDON, Ncv. 13.—Sir John Wolf
Berry, chairman of the Eastern and
Eastern Extension Telegraph Companies.,
presiding to-day at the Eastern Tele
graph Compary's semi-annual meet
ing, announced the completion of arrange
ments with the American authorities in
the Philippine Islands to reduce the cable
rates, beginning November 15. The chair
man said he did not fear the projected
American and German competition on ac
count of the Eastern Telegraph Com
pany's concessions in Pacific regions.
Boy Accidentally Kills Himself.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 13.— A special
to the Deserot News from Richfield.
Utah, says that Amel Jansen, a 15-year
old boy, while trying to remove a cart
ridge from an eld gun. accidentally dis
charged the weapon, the charge taking
effect right over the boy's heart. Young
Jansen walked a short distance to the
house, told his mother not to cry and fell
dead at her feet.
Government Will Protect Indians.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-The Secre
tary of the Interior has taken cognizance
of the situation at the San Carlos Indian
reservation, Arizona, to the extent of
directing the agent of the Indians on
that reservation to notify Territorial and
county officers that the department ex
pects them to fully protect peaceable In
dians while legitimately engaged in work
on the roads in that vicinity.
Approves Claim of Great Britain.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 13.— Ralph
Paget, secretary of the British Legation
to the Republics of Central America, wh j
has been visiting the Nicaraguan Gov
ernment, is about to leave Managua after
announcing to Preseldent Zelaya that th<?
United States has approved the claim of
Great Britain to be recognized as pro
tector of the Moquito Indians in Eastern
Nicaragua.
George B. Eckhardt Injured.
STOCKTON, Nov. 13.— George E. Eck
hardt, the match-maker and superintend
ent of the Stockton Athletic Club, fell
from a thirty-foot ladder in the handball
court this evening and sustained injuries
that may cause his death.
RAILWAY FIGHT
NOW AT AN END
Satisfactory Adjustment
of Northern Pacific
Controversy.
Community of Interest Idea
Adopted by the Con
testing Roads.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— There were two
important developments to-day in the
railway situation in the Northwest and
both tended to confirm the existing be
lief that a final basis of settlement of
the contest for control of the Northern
Paciilc has been finally agreed to. Final
ratification of this agreement will bring
into existence the greatest and most ef
fective example of the community of 'n
terest Idea as applied to the railroad sys
tem of the country.
The first of to-day's developments was
the incorporation at Trenton, N. J., of the
Northern Securities Company, with a
capital stock of $400,000,000, and the sec
ond was the unanimous adoption by the
Northern Pacific directors of a resolu
tion providing- for the retirement at par
of the company's preferred stock on Jan
uary 1, 1902.
There was a full attendance at the meet
ing at which this action was taken, those
present including George Baker and
Charles Steele, representing J. P. Morgan
& Co., E. H. Harriman of the Harriman
syndicate, which is in control of the
Union Pacific; J. J. Hill, president of the
Great Northern; Samuel Kea, vice presi
dent of the Pennsylvania; James Stillma.n,
of the National City Bank; H. McK.
Twombley, for the Vanderbilts, and W.U
liam Rockefeller.
The directors decided that the funds
necessary for tht> retirement of the pre
ferred stock should be obtained by the
sale at not less than par of 75,000,000 four
per cent bonds convertible into common
stock, each holder of common stock now
outstanding being entitled to purchase at
par an amount equal to seventy-five eigh
tieths of the amount of his special hold
ings. It was further provided that two
dividends of 1 per cent each be paid on the
preferred stock before its retirement.
No Official Statement Obtainable.
Samuel Spencer was elected a member
of the board in place of Robert Bacon,
resigned, and the board organized by re
electing all of the company's present offi
cers.
No official statement was obtainable this
afternoon as to the scope of the newly
incorporated Northern Pacific securities,
but It was generally understood that the
company was formed to take over and
control the shares of the Northern Pa
cific and the Great Northern railroads
and their leased lines. The Great North
ern's outstanding capital is $125,000,000 par
value, selling at 200 in the market, while
the Northern Pacific's total outstanding
stock, after the retirement of the pre
ferred, will be $80,000,000 par value, mak
ing a total of $205,000,000 par value for thj
shares of these two companies. At 200
for Great Northern the amount would be
increased to $330,000,000 for the shares of
the two companies.
Burlington shares, it is understood, are
not to be turned over to the Northern Se
curities Company. That stock Is now heid
as collateral for the outstanding Burling
ton collateral bonds, with voting rights
vested in the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern ' railways. It is under
stood that the Union Pacific and Chicago
and Northwestern interests agree to the
retirement of the Northern Pacific pre
ferred and that Union Pacific will have a
heavy interest in the capital of the new
company considerably beyond the par
value or their present Northern Pa
cific share holdings, which are placed at
$78,000,000, par value, just over a majority
of the total $155,000,000 Northern Pacific
stock capital. No information was ob
tainable as to what share, if any, the
Vanderbilts and the Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul are to have in the new com
pany.
Under the new arrangement the Union
Pacific Railway will have voting rights
in the Burlington, the directors being
about evenly divided between the Union
Pacific and the Hill interests. The sug
gestion was made to-day that the Bur
lington stock may be held in a voting
trust under the agreement between the
two interests. In this case J. P. Morgan
will be a voting trustee.
After the meeting of the Northern Pa
cific directors, J. J. Hill and George F.
Baker went to Morgan's office and had a
conference with him. Later Jacob Sehilf,
of Kuhn, Loeb & Co., and E. H. Harriman
called. All declined to be interviewed.
A member of the firm of J. P. Morgan
& Co said that the Northern Securities
Company would be the holding company
of the various roads interested, but he de
clined to say what railroads these were,
on the ground that t\te details are not
vet completed, and premature publication
might interfere with their consummation.
"You may rest assured," said he, "that
all difficulty over the Northern Pacific
matter Is now at an end, and this has
been accomplished in a manner highly
satisfactory to all concerned."
Retiring the Preferred Stock.
The resolutions adopted by the directors
of the Northern Pacific providing for the
retiring of the preferred stock set forth
the terms of the agreement of July 13,
1896, where J. Pierpont Morgan & Co.,
acting for the reorganization managers,
turned over to the Northern Pacific Rail
way Company 750,000 shares of preferred
and 800,000 shares of common stock, and
that it was expressly provided In the
agreement that the preferred stock could
be taken up at par on the first day of any
January prior to 1907.
The resolutions show that at a meeting
of the Northern Pacific directors, July 8,
1896 a form of certificate for the preferred
stock bearing these conditions was adopt
ed and was duly ratified by the stock
holders. Every certificate of the $75,000,000
preferred stock now outstanding therefore
bears this provision. The resolutions con r
tinue:
Whereas, The holders of the majority of the
cemmon stock of the Northern Pacific Railway
Company have requested the board of dlrectora
to take all such action as may be requisite to
retire the whole of its preferred stock upon the
first day of January, 1902, and have given satis
factory assurances that the necessary moneys
for that purpose will be furnished and that all
action requisite for that purpose will be taken
by the holders of the common stock; and
Whereas, In the judgment of the board of
directors, It ia desirable that this company
should now exercise the option to retire the
preferred stock, it Is unanimously
Resolved That the Northern Pacific Company
In the exercise of its right specifically ex
pressed in each and every certificate of stock
of this company has determined and hereby
does determine to retire the preferred stock of
the Northern Pacific Railway Company In
whole at par upon the first day of January,
1902.
Under the resolutions the transfer books
will close for the retirement of the pro
posed issue on December 10. The final
dividend of 1 per cent will be payable on
and after January 1, 1902.
The Herald to-morrow will state that
the Northern Pacific stock will go Into
the "new holding" company around 115
and the Great Northern around 180.
Wins on the Official Count.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 13.— The official
count of the recent election in Philadel
phia County, which was completed to
day, reveals the fact that J. Harry Davis,
Republican, one of the candidates on the
Union party ticket for Judge of the Com
mon Pleas Court, No. 5, was elected over
Henry Budd. Democrat, his colleague on
the Union ticket. The unofficial figures
last week apparently elected Budd by
about 400 plurality, but the official count
shows Davis to have received 195 votes
more than Budd. Three Judges were to
be elected for this court, each elector be
ing entitled to vote for two candidates,
thus assuring the minority party repre
sentation In the court. The Republican
candidates were elected as the other mem
bers of the court.
Hays to Manaere Grand Trunk System
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— The Chronicle to
morrow will say: It is reported that C.
M. Hays, who recently resigned the pres
idency of the Southern Pacific, is to be
elected president and general manager
of the Grand Trunk system. Hays was
general manager of the latter road when
he was made president of the Southern
Pacific about a year ago. tia.ye is now
in England conferring, it is said, with the
owners of the road.
SHRINERS ARE
TO COME HERE
Preparing for the Imper
ial Council Meeting
in June.
Committees Appointed to Ar
range Details of En
tertainment
At a meeting of the members of Islam
Temple, Ancient Arabic Order of the Mys
tic Shrine, in Golden Gate Hall last night
the first practical step was taken to make
arrangements to receive and entertain the
Shriners who will come here, to the num
ber of about 3500, to attend the session of
the Imperial Council of the order in this
city June next. To make the necessary
arrangements the following committees
•were appointed:
Executive— Joseph C. Campbell, C. L. Field,
M. Pratt (Portland), Fred A. Niece (Lios An
geles), L/. F Breuner, J. G. Spaulding, G. S.
Neal, C. W Conlisk, R. L. Hurlburt, C. L.
Patton F C. Van Schalck, M. S. Eisner, T.
H. Browne, W. Frank Pierce, B. P. Flint. K.
H. Lloyd, W. H. F. Titus, C. S. Benedict, J.
A. Wilson J. P. Fraser, G. E. McKee, John
Williams, J. A. Wilson and W. E. Lutz.
Finance — E. R. Lillenthal, Lippman Sachs,
F. W. Van Sicklen, W. H. Crocker, J. D.
Spreckels, M. Simlnoff, W. D. Keyston, A. F.
Cunn, John H. Bennett, At H. Vail and W.
Cluff. .
Entertainment— C. G. Kenyon, S. J. Hendy,
George Habenicht, R. S. Kimball, A. W. Mc-
Kenzie, F. P. Ladd. C. M. Plum, R. Herring
and E. Korn.
Printing— B. N. Rowley. C. E. Dow, G. S.
Andres, C. Hellwig and Thomas L. Hill.
Decoration and badges— E. J. Benedict. E. B.
Hindis J. Barneson, T. L. Henderson, F.
Koenig, Theo. Relchert, S. A. Clark, E.
A. Herrmann, J. M. Logan, Dr. R. W.
Meek J. A. Hammersmith, 8. T. Bernhard,
T. M. McLachlan, M. J. Savage and J. A.
Marsh.
Purveying— G. R. Armstrong, L>. A. Arsner.
A. W. Baldwin, H. Ascroft, S. B. Duncan,
Joshua Eppinger, A. Podera, C. L. Haskel!
and H. B. Ream.
Music— John Bennett. C. B. Wilson, H. B.
Moore A. J. Delamare, Charles Stollman. G.
M. Ferine. A. Goldstein, H. C. F. Schumacher,
R. McMillan, J. H. Gray and J. M. Cleaves.
Hotels and transportation— R. H. Warfleld.
J. S. Young, G. W. Klngsbury. J. M. Wil
klns, R. Welncke, F. L. Turpln, W. H. Sned
aker, E. O. MeCormick, T. H. Goodman, C.
H. Umbsen, Clarence M. Smith. J. M. Litch
fleld, U Glass, C. H. Murphy, A. Andrews, H.
D. Loveland, S. W. Levy. J. M. Curtis, John
Breuner, Max Goldman. P. Cahlll, T. D. Rior
dan, F. W. Marston, George E. DeGolia, S. S.
Hollub and G. W. Lippman.
Reception— J. H. Neff, Nevada City; J. C.
Schramm, Salt Lake; C. A. Henry, Ogden; H.
A Maxim, Reno; D. M. Lubeck, Auburn; H.
B. Gillis Yreka; Clifford Coggins. Igerna: W
J. Gillespie, Redding; S. E. Murphy, Ked Bluff;
B. Cussick, Chico; A. F. Jones. Oroville; R.
j W. Skinner, Marysville; George M. Clark^ Sac
l ramento; C. H. Burden, Sonora; C. D. Thorn
ton, Copperopolis; Peter Johnson, Angels
! Camp; G. S. Henderson, Stockton; G. R. Catto,
Stockton; M. R. Hedges, Stockton; W. M.
Vanderhurst, Salinas; Thomas Flint Jr., San
Jose; M. H. Kron, Santa Cruz; L. M. Spitzer.
San Jose; Ernest Sevier, Eureka; J. C. Bull,
Arcata; Benjamin Wilson, Sacramento; Wil
liam Kettner Visalla; Thomas Scott, Sacra
mento; George B. Land, Fresno; Paul W. Ben
nett. Bakersfield; P. J. Walker, Oakland; A.
H. Breed, Oakland; J. F. Chandler, Oakland;
George H. Pardee. Oakland; C. F. McClashan,
Truckee; S. D. Ballow, San Luis Obispo; H.
H Knapp Napa; S H. Wagner San Jose; A.
W. Burrell, Oakland; D. E. Collins, Oakland;
IJ. R Knowland, Alameda; J. M. Simonson,
Merced; I. R. Aiken. Decoto; Dr. M. H. Lo
gan, Oakland; J. C. Crooks, Hay wards; Rob
ert Wyley. J. L. Martin. J. E. Moulter. Wil
liam Dynes, William M. Eckel, Case Leon-
I hardt, Thomas McCall, James Lawrence,
I Henry Burner, Dr. E. S. Howard. G. E. Bacon,
Dr. Miller, Dr. E. H. Bryant, Asa R. Wells,
Charles Bliss, H. G. W. Dlnkelspiel, R. A.
j Eddy, C. H. Evans, A. M. Cox, A. Christen
son, John Farnham, A. C. Freese, J. Lack
! Mann, J. K. Firth, G. D. Clark, Adam Beck,
Charles E. Green, R. B. Hale. George D.
Graham John Daggett, D. E. Hayes, L. M.
Hooffler J. W. Reiss, F. Kyle. George A.
Knight W. H. L. Barnes, S. M. Shortridge,
A W Foster, C. W. Slack, 8. W. Rosenstock,
T. B. Kent J. H. Shine, E. C. Hughes, L.
Wadham, J. M. Peel, T. A. Herney. E. V.
Pasquale N H Neustadter, Martin Jones, T.
P Andrews, J. H. Scott, A. S. J. de Guerre,
Henry Knust T. Klrkpatrick, Armour Mc-
Laughlin R. Ash, W. H. Burnham. A. F.
Westphal, W. H. Metson. J. H. Hatch, K.
W. Tucker. Adam Andrew. J. G. Liebold. A.
C . Rulofson, F. W. Sherman. Anton Kreig.
J M Troutt, Carroll Cook, C. P. Overton, J.
H Merrill. H. T. Graves, Robert Day, M. L.
Culver George E. Ames, S. C. Denson, R. N.
Carson, H. J. Burns, J. E. Doolittle. J. W.
Anderson, A. E. Buckingham, P. Jacobovica,
Theodore Froellch, J. R. Aitken. E. F. Delger.
F. H. Day, G. T. Bromley, George W. Perkins
and Boaz D. Pike.
Parade— W. Edwards, G. W. Wittman. J.
Tonnlngsen, F. W. Sumner and G. W. Bauer.
Publicity and promotion — J. H Goldman, M.
j Ryan. H. S. Smith, R. E. Miller and Frank
j McGowan.
Halls— M Johnson and H. M. Fursan.
Carriages— W. E. Bridge, H. E. Holmes,
Theodore Horton, J. H. Brunings and H. M.
Englander.
Another Office for Roosevelt.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— President Roose
velt has just been elected first vice presi
dent of the Long Island Bible Society.
At the meeting of the executive committee
of the society it was said that the ad
dress of Roosevelt at the meeting of the
society last June at Oyster Bay had been
printed in a leaflet and has had a very
large circulation. It has been translated
into several languages and has been cir
culated in Mexico and the Argentine re
public. It ia believed that because of
his services to the society in making the
address Roosevelt was given the office.
American Jockeys Return.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— A party of Ameri
can jockeys who have been riding in Rus
sia and Germany are leaving Europe to
day on the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse.
In the party are "Cash" Sloan, Joe Pig
gott, Eddie Ross. J. C. Mitchell and Nate
Hall. Fred Foster, the trainer, also re
turns. Sloan won the Warsaw and Mob
cow Derbies and 104 races out of 239
mounts. The entire party will go to Cal
ifornia for the winter.
Iglesias Is Still in Jail.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Nov. 13.—San
tiago Igleslas, who was sent to Porto Rico
by the American Federation of Labor to
organize the workingmen of the island
and who was arrested on arriving here
last week on a charge of conspiracy, has
not yet anßwered the message from Presi
dent Gompers as to the cause of his de
tention. He is withholding his reply un
til to-morrow awaiting the Attorney Gen
eral's answer to his petition to Governor
Hunt to be released on his own recogniz
ance. He is still in jail.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES,
RIO JANEIRO, Nov. 13.— The Brazilian Con
gress has voted £3000" to M. Santos-Dumont,
the aeronaut.
MADRID Nov. 13.— The Illness and extreme
debility of the Premier. Senor Sajrasta, are
causing anxiety.
BERLIN, Nov. 13.— The Bundesrath to-day
adopted regulations for the enforcement of the
Insurance lawß.
LITTLETON, N. H., Nov. 13.— After a steady
snowfall for fifteen hours eight Inches of snow,
the first of the season, is on the ground here.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— F. Marion Crawford,
the novelist, was a passenger on board the
steamer Hohenzollern, which arrived here to
day from Mediterranean ports.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The courts have ordered
the compulsory winding up of the West Lerol.
East Leroi and Oolumbia-Kootenal Mining
companies, all Whittaker Wright concerns.
WASHINGTON, Nov. IS.— The appointment
of Henry Clay McDowell to be District Judge
of the Western District of Virginia, which was
agreed upon yesterday, was announced formally
to-day.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— General Benjamin
F. Tracy has been engaged to defend Colonel
Robert Meade of the Marine Corps, who has
been ordered to be tried by court-martial
Tuesday next.
LONDON Nov. 14.— ffhe Chancellor of the
Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, according
to the Dally Express, contemplates the Impo
sition of a further tax of one-half penny per
pound upon sugar.
FRANKFORT. Nov. 13.— Max Quarck. editor
of the Yolks Stimme, was sentenced to three
weeks' Imprisonment for libeling the German
troops which were in China by the publication
of a letter headed "German Beasts."
PAULS VALLEY, I. T., Nov. 13.— At McGee,
twenty miles east of here, Dr. Tyree, a phy
sician, shot and fatally wounded Thomas Moag,
a drug clerk^ln a quarrel over a prescription.
Moag in turn shot Tyree, causing a slight
wound.
GREAT PROGRESS
AT BLIND HOME
Superintendent Sanders
Makes a Record for
Operating.
His Annual Report Shows a
Marked Increase in
Earnings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 13.
Under the direction of Superintendent
Sanders, a blind man, the State Home for
Adult Blind has made a remarkable rec
ord during the working year ended Octo
ber 1. The superintendent has submitted
a report to the board of directors for the
year, showing that the inmates of the in
stitution have earned by their own labor
the gratifying sum of nearly $10,000. The
industrial department has been placed
upon a solid and profitable basis. Not a
dollar was lost because of bad debts.
In the broom department 39,698 brooms
and 8476 whisk brooms and toy brooms
were manufactured. In addition there
was an output of 170 mattreses, 110 pillows
and 889 recaned chairs during the twelve
months. Practically all of the product
has been sold at satisfactory prices. The
Increase in the output is exhibited by the
following conparative figures:
November, 190fJ — Brooms manufactured,
106; sold, «37. October, 1901 — Brooms man
ufactured, 5854; sold, 5247.
The collections for the year were $7314 17,
of which $2883 32 was disbursed among
the inmates, affording them means to ob
tain many little luxuries and comforts
not supplied by the State.
The actual receipts for the year, includ
ing accounts outstanding, are $9324 41. Be
sides the amount paid for labor in the
shops, commissions are also allowed in
mates for their individual sales of brooms.
John P. Irish, president of the board of
directors, has expressed much satisfaction
over the superintendent's showing. He
considers Mr. Sanders to be an expert in
handling the difficult problems attending
treatment of the adult blind.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT IS
TRYING/ A LAND SUIT
Case Involves the Title to Valuable
Property Situated in Warner
Valley, Oregon.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Assistant At
torney General Vandeventer of the In
terior Department to-day heard argu
ments in the case of Morrell against the
Warner Valley Livestock Company. The
case involves the title to from 5000 to 10.
00 acres of land in Warner Valley, Ore
gon, which is claimed by the State under
the swamp land act of 1860. The claim
is made on behalf of the State that the
land in question was swamp land and
overflowed at the time that the act was
passed, and In behalf of citizens who de
sire to settle upon the lands that they
were at one time the bottom of a lake
which has receded, leaving a dry surface.
The Warner Valley Livestock Company
becomes a party to the case by reason
oil the fact that It leases the lands in
controversy from the State. The case is
one of fifty or sixty and is regarded as
a test case.
POLICE UNABLE TO FIND
CLEW TO THE MURDERS
Mystery Surrounding the Killing of
Two Indiana Women Remains
Unsolved.
EVANSVILLE. Ind., Nov. 13.— A1l the
efforts of the entire police and detectlvu
forces of this city to find a clew to the
murderer or murderers of the two wo
men whose dead bodies were found lying
in ditches by the roadside in opposite
directions from this city yesterday have
proven unavailing. Several suspects are
under surveillance, but developments in
the murders have not been sufficient to
warTant the police in making arrests.
While it is evident that both victims
were killed about the same hour Tuesday
night, it is still believed the women were
slain by the same fiend.
John Kifer, a young railroader, was ar
rested as a suspect. He was with Mies
Renner on Tuesday, but Kifer succeeded
in convincing the police that he was in
nocent of the crime. Miss Renner was
the daughter of well-known and highly
respected parents In Jasper.
GAS CAUSES DEATH
OF A RETIRED MERCK AN!
Isaac W. Wedeles cf San Francisco
the Victim of an Accident at
New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Isaac W.
Wedeles of San Francisco was found dead
at the home of relatives here. Gas poured
from an open stop in a chandelier. Phy
sician Weston investigated the case and
expressed the opinion that it was an ac
cident and not suicide. The deceased was
5 years old.
Isaac W. Wedeles was formerly a mem
ber of the Helblng Hat Company, 26 Bat
tery street. About a year ago he retired
from business and recently went to New
York to visit friends. His friends and
business associates in this city place no
belief in the idea of suicide. The deceased
leaves a wife, who resides at 2120 Cali
fornia street.
HELD BY LONDON POLICE
ON CHARGE OF INSANITY
Miss Vanderbilt Wackerman of Ne^v
York Is Sent to the St. Giles
Infirmary.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— Miss Vanderbilt
Wackerman of New York, who came into
prominence last winter by threatening
Hubert Herklmer, the artist, with a suit
for damages because he refused to
complete sittings for a painting of her
which he had begun, was taken to St.
Giles' Infirmary to-day as a wandering
lunatic. She will probably be examined
to-morrow.
Miss Wackerman has been staying at
the Hotel Cecil for a fortnight and until
last night she did not attract any special
attention. She then Insisted on wander-
Ing into the courtyard of the hotel, bare
headed, and during the night went into
the streets without a hat, wearing a loose,
black tea gown, and wandered aimlessly
about, attracting crowds. To-day she
was brought back to the hotel in a hys
terical condition and the management
handed her over to the police.
President Extends Civil Service.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— About 200 em
ployes in the executive branch of the rural
free delivery service of the Postoffice De
partment will be brought into the civil
service by an order of President Roose
velt, which it is understood will be issued
within a week or two. These employes
are clerks, special agents and inspectors.
The six thousand rural free delivery car
riers throughout the country will not be
brought into the civil service under the
order, but they will be taken in at a
later day. Their civil service status is
likely to be somewhat different from those
first included, though the form of the re
lations governing them has not yet been
passed upon.
Anti-Chamberlain Meetings.
BERLIN. Nov. 13.— Many anti-Cham
berlain meetings have occurred at the
University of Breslau and the technica l
institutes of Hanover and Darmstadt.
They were attended and addressed by
many professors.
At Plauen, Saxony, 2000 persons adopte 1
vigorous anti-Chamberlain resolution-"
which were sent to the King of Saxon y'
Count yon Buelow, the Imperial Chan
cellor and the German Reichstag.
Deputy Frick May Recover.
Robert N. Frick. chief deputy in the
office of Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch, was reported yesterday to 1 aye
passed a favorable night and to r ave
tided over the crisis in his dangerous
sickness.
PIONEER LAWYER
CALLED TO REST
W. H. Fifleld Dies at His
Residence in East
Oakland.
Well-Known Attorney Fall*
a Victim to Typhoid
Pneumonia.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
118 Broadway, Nov. 13.
W. H. Fifleld, for many years president
of the San Francisco Bar Association,
died at his home in East Oakland this
morning after but a week's illness. Last
Thursday a physician was summoned to
attend Mr. Fltleld, who had been ailing
slightiy. He was found to be suffering
from, typhoid pneumonia, and grew ray
idly worse until this morning.
\V. H. Fifleld was one of tne very early
attorneys of this State and one of th*
organizers of the Republican party in
California. While he ulway; took a most
active part In the affairs of the party
and of the State, he was never a candi
date for office, though he might have had
many nominations. He preferred always
to be a woTker in the ranks of the party.
The deceased attorney was born ia
Jackson. Mich., in 1843 and came to Cali
fornia at the very outbreak of the gold
excitement. He settled in San Francisco
and married the daughter of Captain
Eastham, the first American pilot on tht»
Sacramento River. He was a member of
the law firm of Boyd. Fitield 4 Cope, and
when Judge Cope retired the firm was
continued under the title of Boyd & Fi
fleld.
Mr. Fifleld has resided in E; t Oakland
for twenty-one years, thousrn continuing
his practice in San Francisco.
BERRY CLAIMS WIFE
HAS PLENTY OF MONEY
Answers Mrs. Berry's Divorce Com
plaint by Saying She Gave Him
Reason to Leave Her.
William F. Berry yesterday filed an an
swer to the complaint for divorce on the
grcund of cruelty filed by his wife, Jessi*
L. Patton Berry, on the ground of deser
tion. Berry admits deserting his wife in
1895, but alleges that she gave him good
and sufficient reason for leaving her.
He denies that since that date his wife
has had to depend upon her mother for
the support of herself and children, and
claims that Mrs. Berry has been in the
receipt of a large monthly income from
real estate he left in the possession of hia
wife when he left her. Berry claims that
since the separation he has supported and
paid the school expenses of his son. Edr
win S. Berry, and has also contributed to
the support of his two daughters, Edith,
and Dorothy.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Josephine Jaussand from Isi
dore Jaussand for desertion. Sarah F.
Trimble from Caleb S. Trimble for in
fidelity, Bernardine Becker from Joseph
W. Becker for desertion and Eloida Prix
ziut from Anthony Prizziut for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Lottie
Tierney against John E. Tierney for
cruelty, Charles S. McLaren against Jose
phine McLaren for cruelty.
Thomas B. Eagan, foreman of the con
struction department of the Market Street
Railway Company, who was cited by-
Judge Kerrigan for contempt of court for
failing to comply with an order of court
directing him to pay to Mary B. Eagan
$65 per month alimony, was before the
court yesterday. When his Honor got
through with him he thought better of his
resolution to refuse to obey the court*,
order and paid the sum due.
¦ m ¦
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Tony Suoza, aged
21 years, and Marie Costa. 20. both of
Oakland; Lawrence T. Daley. 27. and M»^
mie Daniels. 21, both of San Francisco;
Frank Perry. 28. and Bella F. Focha, 17,
both of San Leandro.
WELLS SPENT SOME MONEY
IN MAYORALTY CANDIDACY
Files Sworn Statement With Regis
trar Showing It Cost $441 to
Be Defeated.
Asa R. Wells expended $441 in an effort
to secure his election to the Mayoralty
during the recent campaign. With hi 3
sworn statement, filed with the Registrar
yesterday, Wells exhibits the following
vouchers:
Nomination fee, $10; donation to Y^un* Men's
Republican League, $20; contribution to Re
publican campaign committee. 1360: rent of
room for Continental League. |1O; one dozen
silk banners. $15; printing. $16 50; incidentals.
$9 SO.
William Offerman. defeated candidate
for Supervisor on the Republican ticket,
spent $119 50. and Fred Frankenthal, can
didate for Supervisor, expended $116 50.
NEW" TORK. Nov. 13.— Fire late to-night at
tacked the wholesale grocery and spice houa*
of Smith & Sills, Eighth avenue and Furty
slxth street. Lous. $15ft.000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THREE CHICAGO DOCTORS
Ki^-r — *
Failed to Bo for Miss Mabelle L.
LaMonte What Was Accom-
plished by Lydia £. Piflkham's
vegetable Compound.
" Dkab Mrs. Pixxham: — I was in
an awful state for nearly three years
with a complication of female troubles
which three physicians called by dif-
ferent names, but the pains were all
the same. I dreaded the time of my
MARITT.T.R L. LaMOXTE.
I monthly periods for it meant a couple
of days in bed ii> awful agony. I final-
ly made up my mind that the good
doctors were guessing ; and hearing
from different friends such good re-
ports of Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound, I tried that. I
bless the day I ; did, for it was the
dawning of a new life for me. I used
five bottles before I was cured, but
when they were taken I was a well
woman once more. Your Compound is
certainly wonderful. Several of my.
friends have used it since, and nothing
but the best do I ever hear from its
use." — Yours. Mabelle L. LaMostk,
23 E. 31st St., Chicago, 111.— $5000
forfeit If above testimonial is not genuine.
If Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound could cure Miss
LaMonte — why not you ? .Try it
and see for yourself .
5 • Mrs. Pink ham advises sick wo-
men free. Address, Lynn* Mass*
910
S-AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until II o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
tOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«S$ McAllister street; open until 8:80 p. m.
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
I*4l Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until t d. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1086 Valencia^street; open until 8 p. m .
. Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
'200 FHlmore street: open until 9 p. m.
SIE-TING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba — .
' Buena Chapter No. 1, Rose Croix, JJ^
A and A. Scottish Rite of Free- — ¦>£> i
masonry, will be held in Com- — «y — '
mandery Hall. Masonic Temple, ft]
on THURSDAY EVENING. No- (I
vember 14, tML at S o'clock. De- PI
tree ISth. — •
HENRY BURNER Secretary. '___
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J\^
EVENING, November 14. at 7:30 I^J\
o'clock second degree. By order of ' ~ r '
the master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. ft
M— Special meeting THIS (THURS- J%
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clopk: third TCJT
degree. Master Masons cordially in-/^r^
vlted. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#_.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; third de- XX
gree. Master Masons are cordially In- /^r '
vlted. By order of the master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v «7 _.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3L JfcwEf
ING, Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell T&gjf
" Bt, at 8 o'clock; nomination of of- »
fleers. GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
THE regular meeting of the Longshoremen's
Protective Association. Local No. 228. will be
held at Sailors' Union Hall, FRIDAY EVEN-
ING, November 15; a full attendance is re-
quested, as business of Importance will be
transacted. A. C. HOLMES. Secretary.
AGENTS \V ANTED.
AGENTS— "Life of McKinley" & Christ-
ma* books; 75 per cent discount; outfit free;
freight paid; credit given; valuable premium;
our agents ret $200 in gold for Christmas.
HENRY NEIL, 523 Dearborn St.. Chicago, 111.
AGENTS— you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTIH ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- j
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 5477. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy ; col-
lections attachments ;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100S% Mkt. r. 4, opp. sth.
ADVICE Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. |
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth j
floor, 91S Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st, opp. Mason. !
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- !
. ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
•end for bargain list LEAVITT & BILL, I
SC9 Larkin st. i
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st. |
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU _ TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock !
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard, i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
a~bkTbarg ai n . . . 7.7. ...77. .... .~.~. '..
Saloon; price $500; location can't be beat;
must be sold in 3 days. R. G. WILKE. 26V»
Kearry st.
(MM; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
good paying business; value in sight; partners
can't agree. R. G. WILKIE, 26Vi Kearny st
A— s3soo; SALOON, with mercantile lunch; net
rent $50: place established for 20 years; in
best part of the wholesale district ; owner I
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. Lti l^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON in wholesale district; kept
by present owner for 20 years; clearing above
$175 per month; owner engaged in other en-
terprises. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
— COFFEE saloon and choD house on East
Bt; price $1600; rent $30; water free; clearing
at least $300 month; finest chance in this
line. Call R. G. WILKE, 26*, Kearny st.
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
Clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St. *.
A— $1000; BAKERY on Market St.; low rent; 5
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
per day; most store trade: owner cleared $1500
the last 5 months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny st.
A— sBso; DELICACY and pork store, with 1
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st. ¦
i BEAUTIFUL saloon sacrificed; account of
| death: fine location; must sell at Invoice or
less; turely a good thing. Think about this,
then ask C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
A— CIGAR stands. Cigar stands. Cigar stands.
I now have over 30 of the best money-making
stands In the city: prices from $100 to $1200;
before buying it will certainly pay you to call
OP C. L. HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott bldg.
A— VERY profitable restaurant near* foot Mar-
ket st. ; will be sold at a ridiculously low
_ figure. Ask. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
! SHARES of the Twentieth Century Laundry
are being sold very rapidly; those wishing for
stock should procure them immediately ' as I
there are only a limited number of them for i
sale; these shares are appreciated because ¦
they have value behind them; they will earn )
for you SO to 35 per cent. Call or write for I
full Information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Fiscal Agents. -
228 Montgomery st
$350— PARTNER wanted In good business:
trade established; call and investigate; this
Is a good chance. Room 14. 935 Market st
CANDY and ice cream parlors; a rare bargain-
party leaving State; present receipts $150 per
month. Call room 14, 935 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in good paying busi-
ness; satisfied with $16 or $18 a week; call
and Investigate. Room 14. 935 Market St.
NOTION store, $200 and up; cigar stands for
rent, $10. Third St.; grocery and bars; gro-
cery stores, saloons, bar and rooming-house
and lodging-houses. DECKER. 921 Market st.
JI2OO— RESTAURANT in business section- 6-day I
house; receipts over $40 per day; guaranteed
to clear $200 per month; trial given. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, S5O Market.
n S^ A V RAX , T ' established years, clearing
$2000. for sale; part cash: proprietor retiring
from business. Inquire JOHN R. VAN AR«
DALE, 43$ Sixth st ak..
RESTAURANT, near Stockton and Mar-
ket; chance of your life. D McRAE 837
Mission Et *
$*50 BUYS interest in wonderful Invention and
secures immediate employment at $2 50 per
day cash; 10,000 degrees greater heat than has
ever been developed in the most powerful
furnaces can be developed without fire fuel
or chemicals; 9 to 3. 1073^ Market st.,' r 8.
DRUG store for sale; Spar cedar fixtures
• shelf bottles, showcase, scales, clock and
chow bottles; cost over $3000; can be bought
cheap. Apply at DA VIE & BONNELL CO
811 Broadway. Oakland.
STRICTLY first-class family hotel at a bar-
gain: splendid opportunity for the right per-
»on. Box 2008. Call office. *^
PARTNER wanted in good established
country hotel. Owner, box 201? Call office.
HOTEL; very central; rent reasonable-
responsible parties only. '-' Market, rm. 208.'
PARTNER wanted— Splendid paying restau-
rant; owner has other interests. 217 Sixth st.
EHOESHOP for sale. 539% Mission st
IFOR — Small restaurant connected with
70-room house; doing good cash business; a
bargain to any one with small capital. Ad-
flrega box 2042. Call.
WANTED— Interest with me responsible
parties in oil properties in Kern County. Box
1396. Call office. -¦
Restaurant for sale; situated among fac-
tories where thousands of people are passing;
1 rent $15; suitable for "man and wife. 564 4th st.
FOR SALE— good planing mill In. a lumber
yard: located in a growing town. . Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburs. Cal.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Continued.
I $300— CIGAR store; clubroom In rear; location
the best; south of Market St.; established for
years; doing good 'business: party must sell;
going East. STENBERG CO., 759 Market st.
'$1100 $uob ". $1100
CENTRAL CIGAR STAND.
-Best block. Market st.
Dally sales average over $25.
.Elegant fittings. • > -
Real purchasers invited to investigate.
The chance of the season
For first-class stand.
STENBERG CO., 759 Market st.
$300— BRANCH bakery and notion store; near
Market st. ; rent $20; daily sales $15; 4 living-
rooms; excellent fixtures: must . sacrifice.
STENBERG & CO., 759 Market st ;
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
I HAVE buyers waiting; list your business
with me. I guarantee to sell. 921 Market.
PLAY a system and beat races; straight busi-
ness ' proposition. Call Racing System. 698 4th.
RESTAURANT, half interest; live place, live
partner; cheap to-day. 410 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS candy factory in thriving inter-
lor town; splendid Investment Box 1884, Call.
$800— HALF interest in a wholesale, retail and
manufacturing business. Inquire 247 Sth st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A GRAND BARGAIN.
32 ROOMS; FINE CORNER. '
Clears $200; offer wanted; payments to
sun. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST. ~^
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 2000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms;' boarding 4500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard ...•• 350
lu-room house; fine location 425
14 rooms; on Geary st 1900
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 760
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6500
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth st.; clears $80 800
M rooms; on Market st. clears $150 .-. 1600
10 rooms; on Mason st; new... 760
32 rooms;, ol flees; clears $250 3600
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments... 1250
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A— CLEAR TITLE GUARANTEED or no
sale— .. : —
AT RETSLOFF'S OFFICE
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST: !
Any of the following on monthly payments:
i rooms; well furnished $ 400
18 rooms; on Ellis; a bargain 1500
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $55...... 600
' 33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location, clears $150 .... 1200
21 rooms; corner; part cash 150'j
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments.... 400
S>9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker.... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
40 ROOMS, sunny and every room rented; good
location; clears $200; $2SsU; payments.
-¦ RETSLOFF.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.
Tel. Black 1-8-0-3.
40 r. ; downtown: clears $160 month $2000
29 r. ; 3 blocks of Market; clears $120 mo. 1400
12 r. ; nice cor.; sunny; nr. City Hall — 650
17 r.; rent $40; free water; a snap 250
3S r. ; on Market st; rent $50; clears $81. 1400
79 r.; big business; N. 'Market: rent $210. 3600
14 r. ; clean; respectable; near corner of .
Ellis & Larkin; rent only $50; clears $76 1050
100 r.; hotel in city; clears $500 a month... 9000
26 r. ; on Market; rent $60; sunny house.. 1000
1 r. : rent $30; central; see this house... 450
60 r.; hotel; bonton; clears $3000 yearly.. 6000
6 r.; apartments; big dining-room not used;
new carpets; rent $175; clears $180 mo. 4000
20 r. ; new carpets; rer.t $53; a clear profit
of $41 a month; 2 nice bath rooms 700
40 r.: fine, full of steady roomers 4000
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
£50 Market st Tel. Davis 281
£6 rooms; good income $2,600
17 rooms; good transient location 1.500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
C rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain 650
1 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600
19 rooms; modern .house; fine furn 2,500
SI rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500
6 rooms; good turn, and carpets 500
NEW 50-room house, reading-room, office
ground floor, with or without restaurant and
barber shop; will be furnished to suit; any i
part or whole; long lease; low rent. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO.. . ...
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. J
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc; only. sllol
24 r.; Geary: fine Income 1900
18 r. ; rent $55; clears $60; good loc 80J
15 r.; rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
17 r.; rent $05; Post; good house; pays well.
12 r.; well fur.; fine location; Post 5t.... 800
9 r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter 800
7 r. ; rent $35; new fur.; 12 outside brders 500
6 r.; rent $40; Eddy st 250
WINSTON & WOLF
102G MARKET STREET,
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE..
1 rooms, rent $35. near Sutter st $250
• 17 rooms, rent $50, part cash 1000
?1 rooms, rent $45, reduced to 850
82 rooms, rent $40, clears $S5 1200
41 rooms, modern, $185, clear prof monthly 3500 ]
60 rooms, good corner, rent $95 2000
...MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE....
McBRIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house $1400
16-room house 900
12- room house 600
10-room house 700
14-room boarding-house 1100
Great bargains In restaurants, saloons, baker-
ies, candy, cigar stores, etc. •
A— lo ROOMS; Ellis st; rent $32 60; 0n1y.. 5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; 0n1y... 725
12 rooms; Market St.; rent $40; good house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market, st.
— NOTICE — have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. in all parts of the city: get our
list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; Phone Main 128.
i 12 rooms; housekeeping; rent $60 $650
18 rooms; bay windows; all sunny 1250
26, r00m5; central; cheap rent 2300
42 rooms; all rented; good income 4000
BUYERS— buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full;
good location; newly furnished. Call at 935
Market St., room 14.
BARGAIN— house: new furniture; $850.
621 Hyde; must be seen to be appreciated.
PAYING 18-room bay-window modern house;
make offer; S. Market. Box .1502. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS. DR7~FA^NH AM, ~Bj>lrl tual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market bt
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue., .
Fr.. Su., 8 p. m., 60c. 1804 Bush; p.Larkin 2275.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st— Readings. 50c.
and $1; circle every night except Wed., 10c.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; circle Sun., Tues..
Frl.. 7:30; Wed., ladies. 2:30; read, dally. 60c.
Elizabeth Thyee. trance mcd. ret'd., 132 6th; se-
a nce Sun., Tues., Thurs., .B:ls, 25c; prlv. read.
ARNOLD & Dlckson tell everything; 50c, $1; ma-
terializing seance Thurs., Sun. nights. . 201 Turk;
ME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics. -
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
25c; everybody get a test. 732 Eddy; no sign.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 6; seance Sun. and . Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. — —
meTm7~bernard~ "~~~
the FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
! located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
j reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
' scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
¦ penings and portrays events. to occur In the fu-
ture. . If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this' great
' medium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT , AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making
a change in business? Are you 111, depressed
! or uncertain? Why not seek the fullest
knowledge that will help you to succeed?
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKS,
1206 Market rme. 34 and 35, cor. Golden Gate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate aye.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send . stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. ~~7T~
_ HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others ¦ fall permanently
i located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall. '
ME. AENDT, the great clairvoyant, tells pa^t
future, never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; chows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25cand up; satisfaction to everybody; open
1 Sunday b; hours 10 to Bp. _.• 216% Sixth et.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
. i CLAIRVOYANTS-— Contlnqjeg^^
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, up-
posite Sixth; private ; readings daily, 10 a.m.
to 5 s>.im. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ME. PORTER wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies oOc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. ,
Miss M. Wllle, 326 A Ellis, greatest of all crystal
seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
diet 25c; gents 60c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT,' card reader; from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
PRINCESS ' ISHMAEL. wonderful astrologist;
tribe «Uohobar. 1008% Mkt., 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
TRUTHFUL card reading, palmistry included;
sittings 25c. 289 Fell st. \
PROF.' WELLER, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
Ist and phrenologist. lOOi^a Market, near 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. ¦ 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
¦ advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend- to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.^
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinK Cleaning,
3c : renovated : relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
33 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.,.38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. B. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
¦:vatinK Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : t.el. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. _______
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny st., room 307.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy St., room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency— charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. 4
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
LE VAN. 314 Leavenworth st
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S-C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DENTISTS. '_¦
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges i
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady - attendants.
. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D. S.. manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, j
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
» warranted.' Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors; 235 Kearny, ¦ cor. Bush— |
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c. j
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR. R.L.WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— PaUi-
. less extraction, 50c ; plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex- i
aminer building; formerly, In Murphy bldg.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD 1 S 15lo75L~OTn^ECTRIC AL~ENg£
NEERING — demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. ¦-.¦¦¦¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
S3 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education;, shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, ' arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day. and night ; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; ' references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
.60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin St.
MERRILL-MILLER Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mlnlng.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and . the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. i Ban Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice builder;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
VOICE culture; method of Lamperti; concert,
opera; send for circular. E.GEORGE, BO6 Ellis
FIGURES— Nothing • like it for rapidity; $3.
' TARR, 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars. .-
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
. day and even.' classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 778 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. :. 125 Mason st. ' .
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON 1 8 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1863;' new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
¦ etc.: day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
_ _v EMPLOYMENT ..OFFICES.^
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleanlng; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochlta, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 6046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters' and house servants.' GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. - 41H4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
j CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Of flee— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516. ;
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. ¦ 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED—- FEMALE."
A RELIABLE woman, occupied forenoons,
desires f to make herself useful either private
or rooming-house; small, compensation. Box
1856, Call office. : V.
COMPETENT lady's maid desires, situation in
an American 1 family; best of city references -
Address box 2015. Call office. , . : .;
LADY'S - maid , wants position; sleep home;
- speaks German, ~ French i and ; English is also
willing to travel. Box 2020, • Call office. .
YOUNG Scandinavian desires a situation to do
-general housework In a small American fam-
ily. Call at 243 Steuart st; *¦ rr
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A HOUSEKEEPER'S position In first-class ho-
tel or residence ; city or country; only re-
spectable propositions entertained. Address
box 1800, Call office^
AMERICAN^ woman desires situation Ught
housework; good plain cook; good home Tnore
object than high wages. Call 2 days 1239
Market st.
POSITION wanted by first-class Swedish cook.
Just from the East, In country. Address box
2051, Call office.
GERMAN woman will do chamberwork or
house-cleaning 'by day. 1022 Larkin st. ; phone
Larkin ISSI.
POSITION as light housework or upstairs work
In Jewish or German family. Address 362
Minna st.
RECOMMENDED girl wants situation; cooking
and downstairs work. 1022 Larkin st. ; phone
IS6I Larkin.
A REFINED and capable woman, who Is a
good cook, would like a situation. Box 1552,
' Call office.
GERMAN girl would like position to do light
housework. 3696 Seventeenth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to
assist in light housework. Apply 1660 Mission.
WANTED— Work by day; no starched clothes.
MRS. EGAN. 930 Howard St.. room 90.
A YOUNG woman wants work in a hotel or
restaurant. Call 403 Third st.
WIDOW with a child of 3 would act as com-
panion and assist elderly lady for room and
board ; references exchanged. Address Widow,
box 2032, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook, perfect in all
branches of baking and cooking, wishes situa-
tion in private family; wages $30 to $35; no
washing. Box 1995, Call office.
2 SWEDISH girls wish situations together,
one as cook, the other as second girl; wages
$25 and $20. Apply at 116 Guerrero st.
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook;
willing to assist with housework; wages $30.
Box 1774. Call office.
WANTED — Work by the day washing or clean-
ing, $1 50 per day. Call or address 128 A Bth st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as stenographer.
Box 1997, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS lady stenographer and type-
writer, ten years' experience, wishes posi-
tion; best Eastern references; no objection to
country. Address box 1503. Call office.
LITTLE girl, age 14, would like to assist In
small family for a good home; must go to
school; references required. Box 2045, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework; from $10 to $12. 21
Sherwood place.
COLORED woman wants position for cooking
In private family or boarding house. 1032
Clay st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. '
WASTED—MALE.
ENGINEER, who has had experience In run-
ning stationary Corliss hoisting and traction
engines, wishes situation; city or country;
references. Address W. 0.. 1328 Filbert St.,
Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants any kind light
work In store or private place in city o- coun-
try; small wages; has good references. Box
2010. Call office^
A YOUNG man of good character, well edu-
cated, wishes position In an office; beat ref-
erences. Box 1789. Call office.
YOUNG man with 10 years' experience In rail-
road work and bookkeeping wants position;
Al references. Box 2018. Call office.
WANTED— Position of any kind by young man,
strictly honest and sober, not afraid of work;
wages no object. HILF, box 2022, Call office.
RESPONSIBLE man of long experience in stcre
business wants position as manager; best of '
references. Box 2014. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants sitiAitlon as man about
place; handy with horses and all work con-
nected; is an all-round man. Box 2011, Call.
GARDENER— MiddIe-aged, married, no chil-
dren, competent In all branches, wishes po-
sition in private place. Box 18S3, Call office.
SITUATION as assistant bookkeeper or general
office work. Box 1783. Call office.
SITUATION as grocery clerk for Inside work.
Box 20U. Call office. I
i SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper;
15 years in the business. Box 1857, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man as bartender; Is good
all-round man; city or country. Box 1854, Coll. j
INDUSTRIOUS and trustworthy young man
desires position as stenographer and book-
keeper; law of lice preferred; experience;
commercial, education; references. Address
box 2039, Call.
SINGLE man. 33, sober. Industrious, respect-
able, seeks care of private place or small
ranch; experienced in care of horses and all
stock. Address until Saturday, I. M., box
1563. Call office.
WANTED— Work In a bakery by a «ober man
not afraid to work; chance to learn pastry of
more Importance than high wages. Address
box 2349, Call, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants any kind of light
store or factory work; city or country; will-
ing to work for small wages; has good ref-
erences. Box 2062, Call office.
WANTED— Position as ranch foreman by young
man (single); experienced in all kinds agri-
cultural work; good references. Address S. F.
Call agency. San Jose, Cal.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position as bar-
tender; 4 years' experience and best of ref-
erences. Box 2031, Call office.
GARDENER wants situation; understands care
of horses and will make himself generally
useful around private place. Box 1862, Call.
YOUNG man of good appearance desires to
learn gents' furnishing or any business; best
of references; salary no object. Box 2037, Call.
YOUNG man desires position in wholesale
house in any department; good references.
Address 823 Mission St., room 8.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes a situation as chef
or chef steward In hotel or club in or out
of city. Address J. F. F., 539 Howard st.
BARBER— Two young men, first-class barbers,
seek steady position in country town. Ad-
dress box 1775. Call office.
BAKER; cakes and bread; energetic; steady;
24 years' experience. Box 1773, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and horseshoer
wants situation; good workman. Box 2064,
Call office.
IfOUNG married man wants position at any-
thing. HALL, 20 Dale place, oft Golden Gate
aye., near Hyde st.
BY a strictly temperate young man from the
country, any honorable work; a fair pen
artist. A. A., 1773 Merket st.
PAPERHANGER and painter wants work; has
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster Bt.;
tel. Jackson 1321.
WANTED— Position by stationary or donkey
engineer; city or country; references. Box
1504, Call office.
WANTED— To learn ladi«s' tailoring by ex-
perlenced tailor. Box 2050, Call office.
A GOOD upholsterer wants position; good
workman. Box 1978. Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
in private family; understands any style cook-
Ing. Apply YAMA, 923 Sacramento at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia st.
EXCHANbB.
WILL give violin for typewriter. Address box
1574, Call office.
FINANCIAL.
SYNDICATES, capital $4,000,000,000, will pur-
chase mines, gas plants, oil lands, rail or
electric roads, telephone or telegraph lines,
water works or power, or stock In either, or
in any gooil business, finance enterprises or
organize you a company and guarantee its
stock. Address with stamp M., 3132 25th st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— W 9
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment for services: good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
POST. 525 A —Cozy flat, 3 rooms and bath.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath;
basement; yard; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath; deslr-
able; rent $32 50. with water. 1800 O'Farrell.
$15— FLAT of 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., bet.
Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO ILET— FURNISHED^
$25— PARLOR floor, furnished: 4 rooms; piano;
bath; garden, etc. 1517 Golden Gate aye.. 12
to 4 p, m.
FLATS WANTED.
.WANTED— By a man and wife, a well fur-
'¦. nished flat of • from 4 to 6 rooms; good ref-
¦ erences. Address box 2044, Call office, stating
location and price. - - -- -.-
. FURNISHED FLAT WANTED.
WANTED— about 2 months from Novem-
. ber 20, small furnished flat or suite of , 4 or
6 rooms, with bath, near center of city. Ad-
dress B. H., box 2049. Call office.
'X , FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. FURNITURE WANTED, i .
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
• 1710 Market; tel. South 413. —
10.000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
WALT. 708 Valencia St.; tel. Church 1186.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red -1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
» pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. U3syMarket
¦ ¦ FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L.- KELLER, 128-130 'Hayes st., near
Van Ness ave.— Xmas no veil ties; oval and
. odd-shaped : frames. : ... -
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant aye.
.J'-: HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
X HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..'.
,• Head waitress, $35 to $40; waitresses, com-
mercial hotel, $25; .¦¦B waitresses, city and
country ; hotels, $20; waitress, restaurant, $8;
'¦ lunch and dinner waitress, $20; 2 chamber-
. maids to wait, $25; dishwasher, few hours. $12
and board and r00m.........
" FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, no washing, $35; 5 cooks. $25 to $30;
houseglrl. Alameda, $25. see party here; 25
houseglrls, first-class city and country places,
' $20 to $25.. ...I.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, San Jose, no washing, $30;
2 cooks, some washing, $30; general house-
work, Santa Barbara, fare here, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids and waiting, Institution, $20; clean-
Ing woman, institution, $20; head waitress,
hotel, city. $35; 2 second girls, $25; 2 maids
and seamstress, $25; nurse, 1 child, $25;. 4
waitresses for family hotels, $20: cook, 8
people, country, see party here, $25; mother
- and daughter as cook and second girl, coun-
try, $35; general housework, Oakland, $30;
cook, private ' boarding-house country, $30.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
GIRLS, learn hairdressing and all pertaining
to the art; 3 weeks' course, $5; thorough In-
, structions by graduate of. Prof. Paul Lascotte
of N. V. ; day and eve. classes: visit our
school before going elsewhere. 727 Bush st.
WANTED— from good families be-
tween the ages of 15 and 17 years. Apply
between 4:30 and 5 p. m. at I. MAGNIN &
_- CO.'S. 918-922 Market st. ;
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work; cooking, little washing; 4 adults;
wages $20. • Call between 9 and 12 to-day at
I 914 Central aye., near Golden Gate. __
GIRL; plain cooking and general housework;
. small flat; family 3 adults; $20. Apply at 2340
• Pine St., corner Steiner. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good ! opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WELL- VERSED, good-appearing woman as
commercial traveler; permanent position.
. Box 2007. Call office. .
WANTED— To assist in light general house-
work; small family. Apply 1633 Post St., be-
: tween 10 a. m. and 3 p. m.
LITTLE girl to look after baby during the
day. 2029 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; no chil-
dren. Please call at 327 Clementina st
YOUNG girl for light housework. 316 Vlcks-
burg St.. near Twenty-
GIRL for general housework; good wages;
small family. 2124 Sutter st
GIRL wanted to assist In housework. 68 Lotta
st., near Affiliated Colleges. .
GIRLS wanted on tucking machines. 656 Mis-
sion st.. fourth floor. . ¦•, . •
OPERATORS on ladies* waists. 636 Mission
St., fourth floor. . ¦ '
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl
• for cooking and housework. <^317 Larkin ' st.
GOOD finisher on coats. 26 Montgomery st.,
rooms 1 and 2. . _¦-'
YOUNG woman for housework; half a day; $8
1911 Geary st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on coats. 10V4
Sixth st. . .
j A GIRL to do general housework In small fam-
ily; wages $25. Call at 22 Second st.
EXPERIENCED first-class waitress and cham-
bermaid. Apply at 1145 Bush st.
WANTED— GirI 16 years of age for light house-
work. Apply at 4076 Seventeenth st. .
j GIRL for general housework; 3 in family;
wages $20. 2612 Larkin st. , •
GOOD pressers wanted. Apply New Parisian
- Dyeing Works. 2216 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 3190
¦ Sixteenth st, near Guerrero. . • ~
GIRL for housework. 1477 Valencia st.
j NOON waitress, also dishwasher: call early.
611 Brannan St., nr. Fourth; no Sunday work.
FIRST-CLASS lunch waitress wanted; good
pay. / 631 Clay st.
WANTED— | lady compositor; . good wages.
Inquire 1139 Market st. {
'¦ A GIRL for light housework; wages $10. 1924
j -Howard; bakery.
i GIRL wanted to work In tailor shop; must un-
derstand dressmaking. - 883 Haight st ; ¦
MACHINE operators at LEV! STRAUSS &
. CO.'S overall factory. 32% Fremont St.; good
• wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in I wks.;
manicuring, entire course, $5; shampooing,
scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching and dye-
Ing; electrical face massage system. Includes
cupping, rolling, steaming, etc., everything
furnished: positions positively gntd.; 3 good
positions open; graduates earn $75 to $125 mo.
S. I\ Hairdressing College. 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
EXPERIENCED [ operators on fancy i and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about IS
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. - Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
. and Grove sts. . .. - . . ¦ . ¦«
RELIABLE -girls with references can secure
good positions :In private families at Boys'
Retreat Employment Bureau, 407 Eighth St.,
Oakland; phone black 2383. .
"WANTED— Experienced seamstress for ¦ cloak
and suit alterations. Apply HALE BROS.,
bet. 8 and 11 a. m. ¦ . •¦
WANTED— Nursegirl, sleeping home, for child
2 years old; state reference and wages. Ad-
dress Palace, " box 1781, Call office.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
"at 6 o'clock this evening. •
WANTED— Good alteration hands. E. MES-
SAGER. 145 Post Bt.
HOUSEKEEPER, small family, short distance
. from city. - Address box 1861. Call office." I
WANTED— alteration hands In
suits and waists. Call 107 Post st. store.
YOUNG girl to look after 2 children; Mission;
wages $10. 109 Montgomery St.'-. '
SMALL girl; assist in housework; family of 2;
sleep home optional. 1765 Ellis st. ¦
ELDERLY lady to attend baby; good home to
right party; small wages. 1047 Valencia st.
WANTED— A good girl to ¦> tend a shooting
gallery. 623 Pacific St. " .
WAITRESS wanted .at 515 Valencia , "tree t !-
"WANTED— GirI to assist In housework and
.- store. . 350 Duncan st , bet. 27th and 28th.
WANTED — ." nurse for Infant three
months old In Alameda. Box 1865, Call office.
COMPETENT person j" for light housework,
¦ cooking and small washing. 432 Fair, Oaks st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCO
,&• HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.
WANTED— First-class ! waist, j skirt and cloaK
: ¦ hands. Apply ' 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— ¦ for light work on - fruit.
1731 Folsom st. : ..;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch of flee. 2200 FillAore st .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
-' Valencia st . . » . -. ¦ ':•
.^^ HELP \V ANTED—
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U."
: S. . navy ; : able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. ' character, ¦ between the aares of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; j able 'to speak , and read • English. .- For
further ' information * apply •at the Recruiting
office, : 40 f ' Ellis st. - San Francisco. ¦ >
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. 799 Geary
v st., ¦ cor. . Hyde. ¦" '.;¦-.¦-. ; \ '
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call • Bulldlnj.
, HELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
I A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
"!... .OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY.......
5 laborers, mine • JJ?
8 more muckers, south IV'j'vt
6 laborers, near city - -••$? day
10 2-horse teamsters, long Job $2 2o day
15 4-horse teamster* ......$223 day
10 wood choppers; 20 tiemakers; 6 stablemen;
buggy washer and harness cleaner, $50; sta-
bleman, private stables, $25 and f0und......
Italian vegetable gardener, country, $40 and
house free '. - •••••
10 milkers; 15 ranch hands; 6 plow teamsters.
$30; 5 choremen; 6 choreboys; 5 basalt block
makers. see boss here •" ••-- •
2 milkers, city dairy $3o and found
' Machine hand, country planing mill, steady
Job year round • $* aa * \
Machine blacksmith, city; slack cooper; J
blacksmith' helper, .country; young man to
work in planing-mill, city, $2 day ¦••
Boy to learn to run \ machines, planing-mlll,
$6 week; 5- boys for factory, city, $6 to $7 50
week
Man, 40 to 50 years, to look after boiler, city
hotel $20 %nd found
HOTEL AND OTHERS
Cook, city hotel, $60; 2d cook, country hotel.
$45; short order cook, country, fare paid, $4o
and found; 5 other cooks; 10 waiters, $25 to
¦ $40- baker's helper, city Job, $20 and found;
15 kitchen hands; dishwashers
Butcher, country shop. $35 to $40 and found;
2 men some experience In butcher business,
$52; young man drive light delivery wagon,
city —
MURRAY '& V.*.'.'.'.*.'.'.'.'.*.'. 634-636 Clay at."
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad work ...: .free fare
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK. "
60 headers and corner men 13 SO
60 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 25
¦' FOR UKIAH. ;'.
60 teamsters $3
Free fare ship dally free far*
-10 carpenters, H. R. company work.. s3 a, day
Board $4 50 a week free fare
20 drillers for bUr ditch.. $2 50 a, day
20 laborers for big ditch .$2 25 a day
Experienced driver for grocery wagon. $12 a
week. ....'. ." -.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head cook for a cafe. $75; fry cook, $70:
broiler, $70; butcher and drive wagon, coun-
¦ try shop. $12 a week: lunch cook, saloon. $30.
Waiter for private stand, first-class hotel.
$27 60
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
ASSAYER and metallurgist . for smelter, $300;
milk wagon driver. $30 and found : 2 team-
sters for lumber, company, $55 to "$70; 6 labor-
ers for mill yard, $50 to $60; 10 laborers for
quarry, $2 day; setter for mill. $60 to $75:
man about place. $30; rough carpenter. $2 50
day; miners, farmers, milkers, $30 and $35;
boy for drug store. $3 60 week; 2 machinists;
cabinetmaker; 10 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
BOY to learn baker's trade, $15 to $20: sec-
ond bakers, $7 week; 2 boarding-house cooks.
$40; restaurant cook, country, $50: salesman
for delicatessen store. $35 to $40 and board:
. porter for city, married man preferred. $10 to
$12 week; hotel and restaurant waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
623 Sacramento st. .
AT W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
Foreman for Jbox factory, city; 10 basalt
block makers,, day wages; 4-horse teamster.
$2 25 a day; quarry man to make basalt block
by piece or .wages; chore boy for ranch. $15;
farmer and plain blacksmith. $26; chore man,
country. $20 and found; 2d baker, country. 335
. and found; driver milk wagon, $30 and found;
stenographer and assistant; bookkeeper for
country factory, $40 and . found; cook and
waiter for saloon, $40. '
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 Stockton st.
Walter. $9 a week; broiler. $70; second cook,
$65; ironer, $40; marker. $40: washer. $30. for
steam laundry, country: man and wife, coun-
try resort, $40 to $50; young German to help
tending bar, country. $20 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Walters, country hotels. $30 and $40; 2 col-
ored waiters, north. $30.
AN Al solicitor ' wanted for city and vicinity;
must give good references: profitable and per-
manent work for good man. 310 Safe Deposit
Building. . . .
WANTED for an office, a bright boy who lives
. with his parents; must be a good penman;
state age and give references. Address box
I 2021. Call. -
WANTED— AII-round tailor, sober man, steady
work year round, highest wages paid: bush-
elman also wanted. Address P. O. box 144,
Liveimore, Cal.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for a
plain every day business; will pay $60 to $65
a month; experience not required; place per-
iranent. Apply at 765 Market St., room 3.
GOOD sober man as partner good business; $75
required: this Is no fake; come and see.
FARSHMAN. SS Third st. room 2.
WANTED— A first-class die maker; also first-
; class tool maker. The J. A. ¦ GRAY COM-
PAST, 215 Mission st.
WANTED-A first-class crockery, chinaware
and glassware man; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 2009, Call office.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Office boy, 16 years of age or over,
- residing with parents. Apply In own hand-
writing. box 2019. Call. ..
WANTED— Reliable young man: plain work-
no experience required: $15 week; must have
some cash. 1221 Market St., rm. 1. upstairs.
WANTED — Agent, woman or man, for dyeing
and cleaning works. 1643 Market st.
WANTED— A man cook at 330 Main st. ..'-*.' C-
WANTED— Traveling salesman to take good
ride line on commission. Box 1549. Call.
WANTED— Good steady barber at 652 Sacra-
mento st. ; wages guaranteed.
RESTAURANT cook wanted at 107 Berry st.;
call early. ' . ¦
WANTED — A professional nurse; must be male.
: 4 Oakwood, off 18th, bet Guerrero & Dolores.
GOOD boy wanted for store. 437 Montgomery
St., corner Sacramento.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Young man with experience In
. horse shoeing and blacksmith shop. 512 Gough.
WANTED— cook on short orders;
29 Fourth st.; $7 per week.
WANTED — Plumbers or gasfitter's helper. Ap-
ply 519 Guererro st. -v-
WANTED— block butcher, 3313 Mission
st; $35 and found. .
WANTED«-Second waiter at New Golden Gate !
Hotel. 134 Fourth st.
TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats; steady
work; good pay. - 533 Natoma st.
BARBER shop, paying well, for sale; a bar-
gain. £03 Kearny st.
COATMAKER and pants and vest makers for
country. Apply REISS BROS. _CO 24 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Mess attendants on U. S. S. Mo-
hican immediately; must be American citi-
zens; cruise to Yokohama and return In ten
months.
WANTED— BiII clerk for wholesale mercantile
house; must be rapid writer, quick and ac-
curate at figures. Address in own hand-
writing, with references, box 2040. Call.
WANTED — young man to run lever electrical
elevator; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. box 1779. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced silk and dress goods'
salesman; state age. experience and salary
expected. Box 1773. Call of flee.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman-
state age. experience and salary expected.'
Box 1777. Call office. ¦' *"•'«*-
WANTED— to solicit for portraits- good
Inducements. Royal Portrait Co. 143 Sev-
e nth st. ¦ • ¦,_. -
WANTED— City salesman on salary; must give
cash security for samples and only first-class
man need apply. . 14 Flood building. .
[ WANTED— old man to take care of horses ''¦
and make himself useful; good home: small
wages. 1822 Point Lobos aye. '
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon and
Sunday; steady. Box 2036. Call office.
BARBER wanted for Sunday only- ware« *?-
steady. Box 2036. Call office. * '
BARBER— Good 2-chair shop doing $40 week
cheap to-day. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106. Ellis;
RULER wanted. Apply to 204 Pine st.
TET ED Machlnlst and °nmolders. 505
Iss ion st •
BOY of about 15 wanted In a dental once Ad"
dress box 1782. Call office. \ A a
! WANTED— An underpresser on coats. 3 Brooks
St., room 5. vu * 3
WANTED— Salesman and delivery elorU ¦»«. !
sss .sts-sk: & g™~S '3?
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics ¦,_„ '
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor stin
, runs Denver House. 217 .Third it • 150 ' larii
i rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week "**
i *ssa t £ swaw^ra
HELP WASTED — MALE—Coiu
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, bruin
and shovel men to work on ditch line bein*
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co
near Weaver ville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. M Montgomery St., room 25. San Fran-
' Cisco. Cal. - _^^
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: tools donated: positions guaranteed-
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. __^
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted: apply
1 a. m.. Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
Lyons, London Tailor. 721 Market St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25a
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sta.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for alt parts of.
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 500 up. 241 Third at
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., .near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; fre«
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend; the special auction saflN
Wednesday, November 13, at 11 a. m.. at. ta«]
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHNT
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: 160 to $I*3)
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
FOR sale — At reasonable figure, on« handsoma
6-year-old brown gelding; gentle: also pneu-
matic top buggy, almost new; good harness,
eta. Address H.. 305 Larkin St., room 63.
A— SORREL team mares, young, sound, styl-
ish and gentle, for sale. TWO—EY. 820 Fol-
som at. ¦
FOR Sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stab;-"
1375 Eddy St.. a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon.
1 Kurney; all second-hand: one second-hand
trap. CAVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st
FOR SALE— A surrey; almost new; a genuine
bargain. Address 972 Jackson st. Oakland.
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
hands: sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard at.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— panel tody delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart», harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & BON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
i^.' HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. — SUNNY. 10 rooms, bath; near Van Xeaa^
aye. ; rent reasonable. 1523 Bush st. I
| LOST AND FOUND.
i LOST— Alligator purse containing 3 keys and I
rings, small change and horseshoe; lost on
Grant aye.. or near there. Reward more than
value of contents if returned to 6 Stockton
place, between Post and Sutter sts.
LOST— On Wednesday, vicinity Guerrero st.
lady's purse. containing diamond ring
marked Alaska; valued keepsake. Money may
be kept if ring is returned to 641 Harrison st.
LOST— A Scotch collie; yellow with white
breast, nose and feet; round collar with brass
plate; suitable reward. WALTER MAGEE.
1920 Van Ness aye.
LOST — Lady's gold watch and pin. on Jackson.
Polk or Sutter sts.: liberal reward. 1143
Buchanan st. s
— Black bag containing opera glasses and
handkerchiefs; handsome reward. 1353 Alice
st. Oakland.
LOST— In Dubose Park, one French poodle;
name, "Dewey," and one pug dog. Address
H. MOORE. 1 Grant aye.
LOST— Monda_ Nov. 11. a gold locket with
gold dollar attached. 1020 Mission; reward.
LOST— A gold watch. Waltham. from Sixth st.
out Mission. 63 Woodward aye., reward.
LOST— SIOO reward; three diamond rings near
. corner of Eighth and Adeline sts., Oakland.
$100 reward and no questions If returned to -
DR. H. S. KERGAN. 1124 Eighth St. OaM-
land.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In. the
name of FANNIE COHN; No. 148,747. Mm
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of MRS. E. M. CRAWFORD; No.. 156,-
! 286; the finder will please return to bank.
CERTIFICATE ofy deposit on the Nevada N't-
tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER (No.
6.490) for $140. Box 1588. Call office.
LOST— and white English setter dog.
Liberal reward; return to 2721 Clay St.
LOST— Sunday, a checker beard locket. 8 dla-
monds. Kelly & Brennan. 929 Market; reward. *
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needa old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
/ MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery M>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
tn -'4 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. also wood-working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
mortisers. saws, etc. J. B. JARDi>. . 23)
Fremont st.
A NEW system of buying diamonds watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. Is' being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office, 23
Stockton st. All you need is a very small
deposit. -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co..
9 Stevenson st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
A— COZY; new: gas; electric; 4 rooms; porce-
laln bath. 1421 Green St.. nr. Van Ness aye.
A— 2s H. P. DISTILLATE engine; never used;
very fine machine. Box 2018. Call office.
STABLE, cor. 25th and Guerrero sts.. to be re-
moved. WM. PRIEST. 3512 25th st.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business.
WE buy and sell nothing but second-hand car-
pets. D. GREEN WALT & CO.. 703 Valencia.
WINDMILL, pump and tank almost new. F.
MICHELSEN. 1230-33 Hampshire st
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
CHEAP — hp. gasoline engine, steam pump. 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
BOATS, launches rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ¦
2D-HAND pipe 4 3 2. 1. % In. ; half price of
new. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. ' ,
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; reduc-^
tlon of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California at*<
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress * Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
•and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 215 California it.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 r>a*p<». In wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
- . MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
. ers. South Park Malt House. Brannan st.
between Fif^h and Sixth.
A PARTY lately from the East would lika
to borrow some money on diamonds.- T. 11.,
Call box 695 :
A PAIR of genuine crown diamonds about V.i
karats. Box 1974. Call office. -
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal*,
. skins. Box 1205. Call office. V
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing, Jewelry^
send postal. J. ¦ COHN, 229 Montgomery aye. "
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Mar lit »t.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. Folaom 2522.y^MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
ITO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
* ctery; Ai. carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 41* Powell st;
tel. Bash 421.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 18S7; reliable and
confidential: list. 10c. Mrs. Herts, 706 Ellis st.
MEDICAL. ~
DR. O-DONNELL— AII who are sick and to
trouble- call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used lor many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR O
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market ft., opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. and Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the
Royal University of Berlin; has had 25 years'
experience in midwifery cases; has opened
strictly private sanitarium at her own resi-
dence, 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th; takes ladies be-
fore and during confinement, with best oT
motherly care; terms reasonable: infants
adopted; every case guaranteed to be restored
to best of health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
_IRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for female complaints- in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience-
private home before and during confinement
410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
rHINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical oare; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice la
S. F. : maternity home: fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN.'
HERMAN . eOS^^xa^Une^buildTng"
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
Loans made
On first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates •.
Undivided interests in real estate
Property being held in trust
Life policies. Estates in probate
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
A— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; eecond
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN- "
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages &nd legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
THE Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st,
phone Bush 454, has a new idea in money
lending; phone via or send word and we will
call; money lent on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, etc.. also pianos and furniture, with- ,
out removal at low rates, or call on urn; con-
fidential.
J2SO.OOO— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
en California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, 'undivided in-
terests In real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 23
per cent cf real value. V. L. HARPER,
Set Parrott building.
ANY preposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in ,estates. legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1565. proper
place to borrow money en diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant aye.. near Market st : tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third St.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye., near
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and locatioa of property. P.
O. box 3073.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goo in warehouse, etc. ;any amount ;low-
cst rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals,
lowest rate*; quick; by private party. &50
Market Et., room 10.
$506,000 AT I per cent in sums to suit in city; |
SIM. OOO o« large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 56 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgages at C per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; oonnder.-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. HI Jones.
ZTc on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. C Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
rommis. ; confidential. Whitehead. HOC Market.
V-Zftc ON real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal -
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 802 Montgomery st. r. 1.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy term s; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st . room U.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
Eitions. s. F. Discount Agency. US Phelan big.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
I LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 339 Pl-elan b!dg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that cur piano stock.
both new and second hand, Is the largest
we*t cf Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos '
ecld upon easy payments or $6 per month; '
ecmt good piancs for $3. $4 ar.d $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner amy and Sutter sts.. Ban Fran-
circo; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st
Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes; easy payments; bis allow-
ance for second-hand pianos; rents $2 up al- •
lowed: bargains. $25 up, Steinways. $ISS; |
Chlckerings, $135; 50 others; agents wanted
m Geary st.
ETECK. Everett. Hardman. Packard, Lud- '•
wig, Harrington. Conover and .other pianos
These cakes we are now offering for sale
In our wholesale warerocms at 923 Market
et to any retail buyer at wholesale prices; ¦
100 empty piano bor.es for sale at 60c each.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright p.ar...* frc— $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from f175 up. BF.NJ. CURTAZ
& BON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering Mason
and Ham! in. Vow, Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed or. a new peerless Knabe at regular :
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy & !
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 20
t OTarrcll st. ; established ISSO. ,
f A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut'
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case: Hardman square, $45; organs J25
up. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth st. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
AEK us about our new ->lan of selling pianos;
how does $1 50 per weeit strike you ? Agents
Dor Wissner, Decker it Son, B&uroelster and !
others. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. I
768 Market st. .
ANOTHER lot of high-grade new and second-
hand pianos Just put on aale for storage; dirt
cheap; must sell- no reserve: installments if
desired. Wilsons Storage. 1706 Market »t.
SACRlFlCE— Beautiful new upright piano for ;
$200 cm than coet; leaving city. 218 Leaven- j
vorth *t. / I
FOR Sale— A violin; a Stradivarius model. 876
Broadway. ' ___________
$2i.-HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
uprirht. nearly new, $39. 217 Geary st -
EUPEKIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EOHMF.R, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Eplelisann pianos. ¦ 308 Post st.
GOOD **eond-band upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 1C McAllister et.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hcrnung>. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFFS, 22 TuTlc Ft., near Market— j
t Ehoningcr. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
jt^; _ _____ ______________ — — —
~K~EGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
L Eio. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
< OIL.
OIL tanks, reeond-hand, in good order; all
sizes, cheap. H. S. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A.— SUNNY newly papered; light and Janitor
free; $10 upward, V<> Kearny st.
HALF OFFICE to rant; business block; Post
gt. Address D. W. N., box IS6O. Call.
COMPLETELY furnished offices and rooms at
SIS Kearny st. ; rent reasonable. ¦ v. '.- ¦: ¦
PAINTERS AKD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered, $3 up; leaks and plastering
repaired. 319 Third st.
PALMISTRY. '.___
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 561.
KEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to S. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
PERSONALS.
F. J. LYNCH, Swedish and Russian massage,
treated scientifically; recommended by the
leading physicians in the city.
135 Geary st.. room 54. Office hours —
12, 2, 5, 7, 10. Phone Bush 43; residence: phone,
Hrde 2111. •
Special attention given to patients at their
homes. Facial and scalp specialty. >'*;v"; v "
j THE Certus French remedies cure all scalp
and hair diseases; hair grown on bald heads;
tray hair restored; dandruff and falling hair
and eczema cured; beautiful complexions
guaranteed: shampooing done; also wrinkles
removed: office hours 9 to 12, 1 to 6; refined
lady specialist on hand to welcome you. 427
O'Farreil st.. San Francisco. Cal.
INDIAN baskets, Indian reiics. carios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. lIS Geary
Et., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
• SURE cure for drunkenness, opium, morphine
habit; Mooeer Company Gold Cure; accom-
plished without publicity; confidential; full
j direction: hundreds of testimonials; price $5
: per bottle. Address 1125 Geary st. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
I AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair cf pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
BY communicating with Dr. Vun Biebersteln
at once, Mr. Ferdinand Schilling will hear
something to bis advantage. CHAS. TEPPER,
365 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
rainless and without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 35M
Eighteenth Et.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
i RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611, Examiner bide:.; phone Black 3604.
MRS. feRIGGS, dermatologist— hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved -without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case ot
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
J2 tO per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St., S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; (1 50 to it per -week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns,; -Nov. patterns
1 and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
! FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
; Continental meth?os; electric roleau; superflu-
I ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter: phone Black 132*.
t YOUNG man studying vocal wishes to form ac-
quaintance of gentleman accompanist; mutual
benefit; will share room. Box 1855, Call office.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of JUSTIN
VERGNER will please address JOSEPH
VERGNER. 2012 Fourth St.. West Berkeley.
' ARTISTIC hairdresslng 25c; manicuring 25c;
shampooing EOc; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
: and front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
] AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
AISELINA PATH'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth- 50c, postpaid: free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton. 324 Post..
WHITE enamel iron beds.' single, three-o,uart<jr
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Lro.idway.
IGO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION »
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Markets Et, opp. McAllister St. •
ELECTRICITY Is life. Mme. Zella gives
treatments. 1020 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed With
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair it fallng or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. j£2 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A — VI PA Company permanently cures stomach
i trouble. 728 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 19th. '
. DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
J STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists: phone Pine 2356.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
¦ MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlps;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0. .733 Markt.
icui [EN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
MAI'S & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 £0; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
, OLD pold. silver, diamonds nnd precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. Sl7 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
t years' experience. J. B. RAY, 437 Minna st.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
rase paid.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
DR. C. '". O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
IC2IS Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all dlsean'.-s of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
i A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium,
Tf><-T6C Clay «t.: see testimonials at office.
pUUTOHt AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CART, F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
¦ "^^ ~ " " —"^^ —
MEAL I'.Sl'A'lt; Cli * lUlt SALE.
! A FORCED tale. In order to save other prop-
erty.' price I'Ut down to $1030, two flats. 6
rooms each, bathroom, closets, etc. ; renting
for $20 each; built D years ago; lot 31:6x108;
grand marine* view: choice location; Western
Addition; within 275 feet of the cable cars;
; building cost $5500. This property has to be
j sold immediately. W. J. GUNN, £30 Call-
! fornla et. '. _^^
THE undersigned calls the attention of those
who have lots to sell, between Vallejo and
Lombard, Van Ness aye. and Baker, that he
has calls for property in that boundary. If
you have a lot to sell in that locality call on
W. J. GUNN. &30 California st.
"WESTERN Addition residence wanted to pur-
chase; north of Pacific aye., east of Lyon St.
or Presidio Reservation to Van Ness aye. ;
the buyer wants a marine view If possible,
and expects a bargain.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
ANY one who has a lot to sell on Vallejo.
' Green Union. Filbert. Greenwich or Lom-
bard between Van Ness aye. and Devisadero
can find a buyer by calling on W. J. GUNN.
530 California st. *...=
SPECIAL attention given to probate sale* of
real estate; executors, administrators and at-
torneys who represent estates, and who wish
to dispose of real estate, will do well to
send a description of It to the undersigned,
who nan buyers that will submit bids, and
who stand ready to purchase. W. J. GUNN,
ESO California st. . - .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
1 Our bargains in Sunset attract many buyers.
! Choicest graded lots with splendid view of
j ocean and park from $500 to $900; $10 monthly.
' $100 to $450— G0 Immediately and see our
graded Ocean Boulevard lots, all fenced; near
cars; installments.
Call at Sunset Branch Office, 9th aye., near
H St.. every day or Sunday.
I $400 to $Soo— SNAPS IN . RICHMOND LOTS
[ $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric car; $10 down, $5 monthly.
$S5O, $1000 to 4-room cottages, easy
terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 64, Chronicle building.
FOR SALE— 3-room house and lot. $300: $25
down and $10 per month; will trade for Park
or dump lot. 725 Utah St.. bet. 19th and 20th.
FOR sale sacrifice— Handsome flats on Lib-
erty st.; choice location. OWNER, box 2012,
Call office. . . " -- ¦
$1250— BRODERICK St. lot. THE M'CARTHY
CO.. 646 Market st. .
BARGAIN— terms: house. 9 rooms; lota
to suit. SHADBURNE, 616 Sacramento st.
$350 — Corner lots; Eugene aye, ; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or Install. , 360 Jessie.
FOR Cottage of 4 room*, large basement
and yard; half cash. 3022 Pierce st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
REAL ESTATE: CI.TV FOR SALE.
50 LOTS SOLD
Only 100 left; limit 30 days; lots 25x120; Sunset
district, south of Park, near Ocean House
(now Banker Drexler's property). Ocean
Beach boulevard; a profitable and safe savings
bank; price $100 each lot, $1 down, $1 monthly;
the coming future city property.
JACOB HEYMAN,
17 Sutter «t.
J44OO— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY,
395-356 Parrott building.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
EXECUTRIX auction sale of the fine ranch,
live stock and farming Implements of the late
Frank Haera, Esq., Midway, Alameda Coun-
ty. Sale Saturday, November 16, at 1 p.m.
The ranch comprises 648 acres. It is one of
the rltfhest and choicest ranches in Livermore
Valley; springs all over ranch; houses, barns,
etc. Will be subdivided into quarter sections
If desired. Sold on terms to suit. Also j
horses, 100 tons of hay, 60 head of cattle,
farming Implements, etc. This is a grand
chance to get a fine ranch at your own price;
no limit; must be sold. By order of the ex-
ecutrix, MRS. C. HAERA. J. A. MUNRO &
CO., auctioneers. Office Alameda, Cal.
40-ACRE almond orchard for sale; a snap bar-
gain; trees are healthy and in good bearing; |
at $150 an acre cash; 53 miles from San Fran-
csico; river transportation; fare 50c from San
! Francisco by boat; 1 year's crop will pay the
j amount asked for the land; lovely climate. ;
For further particulars apply at store of CON- i
RADI & GOLDBERG. 730 Montgomery, S. F. I
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, aa
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatt Co., 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and Information.
MODEL fruit ranch of 28 acres near Newcastle
for cash or exchange. Owner at A. M.
[ SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FOR rent for a term of years — 75 acres adjoin- j
Ing Santa Rosa, Sonoma County; under high I
cultivation; everything complete. 1338 Market.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
i BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; H cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME.
Offered because he has gone East.
$20,000— House 8 rooms and 2 baths; built i
1900; every modern convenience; Ideal in I
every ret-pect: must be seen to be appreciated; \
let 75x175; prominent corner; 1001 Grand st..
N.E. corner San Jose aye.. in Alameda. near
local train to S. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
erty: key at office.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
160 Broadway. Oakland.
IBM CASH. $6 50 monthly: hard finished ; cozy
cottage of 3 rooms, high basement: good well
of water; 2 fine lots, 50x100: all fenced, soil, |
! climate the very best: grand view; near school i
: and electric car lines; close to boulevard and '
! social hall; adjoining Eaft Oakland; 100 fami- |
| lies, surrounding good people; price in all j
I ?750. Call or send for circular. 45fi Seventh ;
i st.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland: car- '
j riape free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
| .
S37SC— ELEGANT modern two-story Eastlake ;
house of S large rooms with modern, open i
plumbing, porcelain bath, natural curly red- j
wood interior finish; first class in every re- |
I s;>ect: complete to a detail; lot 15 ft. front:
j sunny side, elevated ground; close to Tele-
graph aye.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
! HOUSES of every description and price for
eale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARU, j
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10. I
! CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND FIRXITIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EIGHTH. 348, near Market— Large sunny
alcove room, with or without kitchen; bath.
BELL, The, 1773 Market— 2 well-furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms; gaa range; phone.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3. $12; 3
connecting, $14; 3 connecting. $20; 1, $5.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets, stove, bath, private; $1 50 a week.
HOWARD. 1063-^2 sunny completely furnished I
front bay-window rms.; range; electric lights, j
HOWARD, 2381—3 sunny well furnished rooms, I
yard, two entrances, $12; 2 rooms, $10.
I JONES. 305—3 nicely furnished sunny rooms j
for housekeeping; other rooms also.
LARKIN. So4— Sunny front housekeeping suite,
$12; single room for gentleman, $.j 50.
| MCALLISTER. CS4— Large furnished room, suit- j
i al.le tor housekeeping.
! MISSION, 945— Nice front room and kitchen; j
complete for housekeeping.
OAK, 119—2 basement rooms, furnished house- !
keeping, $9, water, gas. yard; single room $7. |
1 ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny j
corner suite, all complete, for housekeeping;
near school and rark; a quiet and pleasant
home; rent reasonable; other sunny suites.
VAN NESS aye., 807— Elegantly furnished suite !
j and kitchen. $3.".
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ¦
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
> A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at IMG !
Valencia st.
ROOMS Tb LET— Fam. and Infurn. i
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, i
sunny: grill attached; 75c per day and up- \
ward; special rates by week or month, take I
McAllister-st. cars from ferry to door.
A--Bi:UNS\VICKr~HOUSEr~T4S~S^Th^R^rns~ j
Be to $1 ocr night; $1 25 to fj per week, and
_njslit rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third-200 rooms; newly
renovated; isc to 75c; $1 to U week.
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
phone; prices low. 332 Stockton Bt.
BURNETT, 1426 Mark7t (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
I CLARA. IC6. re;ir Fifth— 3 and 4 rooms, utT
furnished; rooms rent low.
I CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly !
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable, j
! EDDY. SS2. near Franklin— Sunny front sultT <
with piano.
ELLIS, 771— New, clean and homelike roonia; I
privilege of kitchen; 2 parlors; also single.
ELLIS, 310 — Front parlor and 2 large rooms; i
finely furnished; sunny; reasonable; private.
ELLIS, S22— Nicely furnished room with .pri-
vate bath attached.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let:
FOLSOM, S2o— Furnished rooms to let $1 peT
week.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single"-
transient; bath*. Mrs". King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 403, The" Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suite? and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 622-Sunny front ball
bedroom; gas, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1521—3 large unfurnished
rooms; also •' rooms In rear.
GOUGH, 437— Llrht furnished rooms, aunny;
gas, bath, single or suites.
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.—^unnjToutl
•Ide rooms; single, $2; suites, $3 50 per week-
newly renovated; elevator; baths.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Ft., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly nrst-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by tin
week or month; best in the city; references :
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk at.
MINNA, 667, cortier Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window roorr. ; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nlceiy~fur~
nished rooms; $2 a week up;' 3sc a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ludies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 00; week, $2 to
$8; months, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eight li st."
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
•BUTTER. 3201,4 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient
WELL lighted rooms, single and double; ,-i'sn
suited for offices; central location, near Hall
of Justice. Apply top floor, 10 Montgomery ay
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establisheu .
Valencia £t.
CLASSIFIED «dvertl»«*ments and kul.m
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fllin:
ROOMS and BOARD.
ALMORA, 20th and Mission— Newly furnished
suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
c ial rates; first-class board If desired.. . :
$18—1021 SUTTER— Large front • rooms; sepa-
rate beds; alcove; hot and cold water; Span-
ish practice. ¦ - ¦ . ¦ ¦ '
GUERRERO, 104, block from Market— Elegant
sunny suite, fur. or -unf urn. ; terms . reasonable.
GUERRERO, 104— Large sunny single rooms;
running water; use bath; terms reasonable. '
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness aye.
VAN NESS, 614-Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny • suites; best
. table board. ...:.. :..-.:;:..' ..-.., . .
POST, 1414. 2 blocks above Van Ness— Sunny
rooms with board; newly furnished; hotel ex-
' perience. . ¦ '. ' -
THE CORBIN. 835 Sutter— single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table.
LARGE sunny alcove suit, unfurnished, in the
Mission; board optional. Box 1770. Call office. .
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 in
private family, $18. 516 Jones st.; telephone.
WANTED— A few select boarders, gentlemen
! preferred. ' 1812 Ellis.
HOTEL Repeller.:7Sl Sutter— furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
i LARGE nicely furnished front room; use par-
I lor; piano. and phone, 850 Van. Ness aye.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or i
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
WANTED at 2026 Pine st, a few first-class
boarders with references. - ¦
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
1 Call, •16 pages, sent to any . address in ! the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
[ postage paid. - - .
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
j WANTED— elderly gentleman, room and
board in private family; location preferred
between Geary, Sacramento. Taylor and Van
Ness; not over $25 a month. Address box
1784, Call Office. V~
WANTED— By young man, employed, room
with or without board in private family;
north of Market st. Address box : 1771, Call.
ROOM and board in refined private family in
Western Addition by young lady. i Box 2006.
Call office. - -.-¦'.
RUP^ritE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANItX
RIUM. 1206 Market st. treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
' - SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
. city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5550.
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address '. in the I
United States cr Canada one year for $1. !
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
" pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
I _^^^_ , tjxtj.x-1. . ,n^nn.fw..
I PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
i GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, S4O Mis-
j sion ft.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
j PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
| pany, 2320 Fillmore St. ; phone Jackson 2SI.
i BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Male 1K40; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS -IN TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266..
1 WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors:estimate free. 209 Sansome.
~ LEGAL AUVBUTISBiIKSTS.
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF NEW SOUTH
WALES. IN EQUITY. 11l the estate of ISA-
. BELLA WALLACE. late of Jamberoo, in the
District of Kiama and State of New. South
Wales, spinster, deceased, intestate. Between
THOMAS SPROULE and FRANCIS ALEX-
ANDER, plaintiffs, and HUGH SPROULE,
defendant. PURSUANT to an order made by
the Honorable Archibald Henry Simpson.
Chief Judge in Equity of the »above court,
made in the above matter on the -twenty-first
day of Juno last, all persons claiming to be
next of kin to the above named Isabella Wal-
lace, who died at Jamberoo aforesaid, on Hip
seventh day of June in the year one thousand
nine hundred, are required In person or by
their solicitors on or before the thirtieth day
of April next to come In and prove their
claims at the chambers of the Master in
Equity at the Supreme Court, Queen's Square,
Sydney, or In default thereof they will be
excluded from benefiting in the distribution
i - of assets In the said estate. Dated the 6th
1 day of September. A. D., 1301. (Signed) H.
F. BARTON, Master in Equity. The persons
believed to be entitled in distribution to
the estate of -the. above-named deceased are
Thomas Wallace. Samuel Wallace, James I
Wallace, Joseph Wallace, Elizabeth Wallace, i
i Anne Wallace and Alicia Wallace, the chil- |
I dren of Hugh Wallace, late of Anghadarra, |
I County Tyrone, Ireland, or the children of
i them respectively, who were living on the
I seventh day of June, one thousand nine
hundred, the date of the death of Isabella
Wallace. The said Thomas Wallace emi-
1 grated to the United States of America many
I years ago and had two children. Joseph Wal-
lace of Anghadarra, County Tyrone, Ireland,
i and a daughter, Grace Wallace, now Grace
dayman of Urbana, Ohio, United' States of
America. It Is also believed : that the said
! Samuel Wallace. Annie Wallace and Alicia
Wallace emigrated many years ago to the I
United States* of America, but to what part j
It Is unknown, , but It Ik believed that -the
i said Samuel Wallace left children surviving
him. Kteran Ryan, solicitor for the .said
Thomas . Sproule and Francis Alexander.
Klama, by his agent, . A. W. E. Weaver, 16 |
O'Connell street. Sydney. New South Wales. ¦
Australia. . « ..¦¦• ¦ ¦ • - ¦
I NOTICE to creditors— Estate of EDWARD i
HARMON SHELDON, deceased. Notice Is I
hereby given by the undersigned,. WALTER
D. K. GIBSON, administrator with the will
I annexed of the estate of EDWARD HARMON
¦ SHELDON, deceased, to the creditors of
: and all persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the '
necessary vouchers, within ten (10) months !
after the first publication of this notice, to |
the paid administrator, at ' the office of i
Morrison H. Cope, room 123 Crocker building. !
at the northwest corner of Market and Mont- ;
gomery . streets. San Francisco, California,
the same being h!B place for the transaction i
of the business of the said estate in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of d
¦ California. 4
WALTER D. K. GIBSON, administrator
with the' will annexed of the estate of ED- I
WARD HARMON SHELDON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. October IC. 1901.
PROPOSALS. ~
SEALED proposals in duplicate will be re- '
| celvod: at the office of th.- Lighthouse En- I
! sineer.- San Francisco. Cal until il' o'clock!
I m.. December 13, 1001. and then opened for '
the rental of. Anacapa Island, Ventura
I County, Cnl. • (reserved by Presidential order i
n« a lighthouse reservation), for a period of
five years. Information and blank forms of '
proposal* furnished on application to l.leu- I
tennnt Colonel CHAS. E. I. I: DAVIS. Corps
of Engineers. U. S. A.. Lighthouse Engineer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Louis Usanga. *3, 557 Geary street, and Marie
Bruce. 2S, 557 Geary street.
John Brigffln. 31. Redwood City, and Mar-
garetta M. O'Brien. 26. city.
James E. Bourke. 30. city, and Lenoie Wil-
berg, 21. Mount Tabor. Or.
Christian M. I.ainbrooht. 29. Suisun. and
Thla L. Stevenson. -". Suisun.
Henry W. Doscher. 21, city, and Hermina ,
Kohn, 25, city.
Tracy McGreßor, 32. Detroit. Mich., and I
K:Uhcrine Whitney. 28. Detroit, Mich.
Charles L. Rockhold. 25, Guinda, and May l
E. Everett. '.'!. liuitida.
John F. Mues, 2."., 3124 Fulton street, ami I
Chrlstelle E. Wagner. 21. 809 Rnker street. I
Louis A. Hildebrand. 24. -4 Wheelock place, I
and Mnzilia Beretta, 20, 1423 Mason street.
Bernard Gaffney, 2S, 917V4 Illinois street, and
Kate Conlan. 23, 42S Diamond 'street.
Einil Neuber, 26. Boulder Creek, and Emma
Nylund, 25, Bould< r Cr««rk.
Edward H. Mutton. -'.'. Gulnda. and Ivy E.
Everett, 21. Guinda.
"BICTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
.Birth, marriage and death notices sent liy
mail will not be Inserted They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
j indorsed with the name and residence or per-
, sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FOX— In iii!' city, November 11. 1901, to the
wife of Levin T. Fox, a daughter.
LUCKY— In this city, November 8. 1901, to the
wife "i Captain Charles J. Lucky, a daugh-
ter.
SEXTON— In this city. November !>. 1901. to
tin wife of Peter Sexton, a daughter.
MARRIED.
WILD— MONK— In this city, November 12, 1301
by the Rev. Herbert F. I'-ii-;,-. pastor nf
Central M. ]•: Church, Charles H. \v jm an i
Maggie <J. Monk. Kith of Nevada City, Cal.
DIED.
* Agnew, Julia ¦; Jackson, Mary
Belfils, Peter ¦ " Jewell, Lydia E.
• Casenave, Marie .. Kuhklke, Hermann
Chapell, Mary E. A. . Karnes, John -.
• Coleman, Julia M. ' Kennedy, John C.
Comstock, Nellie Lagomarsino, R. .
. CosgTove, Patrick . Miesner; Peter
Daggett, Hon. R. M. Murphy, Pearl M.
Deacon. Helen M. - ' Ryhner. Magdalene -
Dolan,; Mary N. "- . ¦ Roff, Edward "
Fifield, William H. Van Dusen, Edward
Feely, Mary A. Wait. Henry O. -r '- 1
• Funk. Charles "Wedeles. I: W.
. Goodman, Selma E. White, James F.
; Hamilton, Frank
AGNEW— In this city, November. 13, 1901, at
Our Lady's Home, 33 Rincon place. Julia
Agnew, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at • 9 o'clock, : from the Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at the above hour. Interment Holy
.' Cross Cemetery, by : carriage. . V ' .
BELFILS— In the City and County Hospital,
November 13. 1901, Peter Belflls. a native of
France, ased 63 * years.
CASENAVE— In this city. , November 11. ¦ 1901,
Marie Casenave, beloved wife of Antolne
Casenave, a native of France, aged 63 years.
- ¦ ETFriends ' and J acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited 'to . attend the Mineral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of.
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.'
CHAPDLL— In . this city, November 13, 1901,
Mary- Elizabeth Ansart ' ChaDell.% beloved
mother of Harry and Edith' Ansart Chapell,
a native of Connecticut, aged 69 years and 7
. months. ' • ... ..- - •
COLEMAN— In Oakland. November • 12, 1901,
Julia M. Coleman, mother of Harry L. Cole-
man and Mrs. Harry J. Knowles.
ICTFuneral to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from 1268 Harrison street. Interment .private.
¦ Please omit flowers. •:
COMSTOCK— In this; city. November 12, 1901,
Nellie, beloved wife of Rufus R. Comstock.
mother of Harvey and Roger Comstock, and
sister of John R. Cassidy, a native of Gold-
Hill, New, aged 25 years. 8 months and 24
days. (Gold Hill and Virginia City papers
please ' copy.) . "
¦ ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi- I
dence, 2312 Bryant street, between Twenty- I
first and Twenty-second streets. j Interment ;
• Mount i Olivet Cemetery. . .
COSGROVE— In this. city. at the Potrero. 1901. |
Patrick, dearly beloved husband of Eliza
Cosgrove, and father of the l late Mary E.
CosKrove, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years
9 months and 3 days.
DAGGETT— In, this city, November 12. 1901.
Hon. R. M. Daggett, beloved father of Mrs.
Ross Campbell of Santa Rosa and Mrs. John j
P. Roelofsz of San Francisco, a native of :
New York, aged 70 years and 8 months.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 52 Mint avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .. „-; ¦. .
DEACON— In this city. November 12. 1901.
-Helen . M.. • wife of William Deacon, a na-
tive of Duchess County. New York. ,
m?The funeral services will take place to-
day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at her -late
residence, 3525 Twentieth street, between
Mission and Valencia. Interment private.
! Please omit flowers. -
DOLAN— In this city, November 13, 1901, Mary
N.,- beloved wife of the late John Dolan.
. mother of Henry and Emma Dolan and Mrs.
Josephine Russac. and sister of Mrs. E. D.
Murphy, Mrs. K. McCoy. Mrs. J. W. Butter-
worth and Daniel and Thomas Devaney, a
native of St. Louis, M 0.,., aged 50 years 6
months and 3 days. • iv.c
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 349 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart 1
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will 1
. be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- ¦
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' -ii.'s'.--'
FEELY— In this city. November 12. 1901, Mary
Agnes Feely, beloved daughter of James V. j
"and Mamie Feely, a native of San Francisco, j
aged 17 years -3 months and 26 days.
E7"Friends p.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dency. 353 Edinburgh street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FIFIELD— In Oakland. November 12. 1901, Wll
Hani H. Fifleld. a native of Michigan, aged
57 years 9 months and 4 days.
FUNK— In. Los Angeles, .Charles Funk, beloved j
brother of Sohn Funk, 'a native of Germany, j
aged 29 years 8 months and 25 days. ¦
GOODMAN— In this city, November 13. 1901. i
'Selma E., beloved wife of Theodor Goodman, \
daughter of Mrs. L. Loupe and the late Leo- !
pold Loupe, and sister of Mrs. Louis Ltpman. ,
Mrs. M. Willard and Else Loupe, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2S years 9 months and
: 10 days. .
C Friends Rnd acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of j
' her mother. Mrs. L. Loupe. -2200 Post street.
Interment* Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:SC
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. . -__ • -
HAMILTON— In Oakland. November 13. 3861.
" Frank, beloved husband of Marie Hamilton,
and a member of Harbor Lodge, I. O. O. F..
• a native of New South Wales, aged 62 years
S months and 13 days.
JACKSON— In this city, November 11. 1901.
Mary Jackson. . dearly beloved wife of John
Jackson, and mother of Caroline Jackson, a
native of England, aged 38 years !S months
and 14 days. (Philadelphia . papers please
copy.) ... '
¦ (LTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 218 Lexington avenue. Interment :
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
I JEWELL— In this city. "November 12. 1901, j
Lydla E., widow of the late A. M. Jewell,
mother of Alice and Mattie Jewell, and aunt
! of C. C. Flai-'e of San Francisco and E. C.
Flags of San Jose, 11 native of Litchfleld, j
HENRY J. GALLAGHEr. CO.
(Successor to Flannacar. & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
20 FUth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE bl<; MARKET STREET.
I J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGinn, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has openei I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. [j
i UNITED L'NDERTa7v~ERS,
27 and 23 Fifth St. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTO33 AND EMftAI.MER.3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. .
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BKO& d
Funeral Directors and BmbaJmen 1
SI EDDY STREET. 0
Telephone South 252. Ban Francisco. I
No ''""llll'll 'I'l'l'l'l'll^.l''?! 1 ! Any Other House. I
I NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McKat'.den, is years manager tor
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, with the same company for lit
jears; P. F. Green, late with .1. C. O'Con-
nor _: Co.. have opened new uneral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission .street, between Seventh. |
an! ElEhth. Telephone South 44.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
j R L James, Fac Grove II H Fulton N V
F E Wright A w. Sac S S Fulton. 'Sactfl |
I. 1 Stacke, Sacto j W M Darling. Oakland
J Mosher, Lot Ang W Paul Salt Lake
J.) Dimun. San Jose J p Hays. Harbin
I B Day, New York jII <; Lacey. Hanford
V T Hair. Arcata E Kauntze. Hanford
(1 s Beadle. Oakland; E C Nlies Seattle
f 1: Price, Cal j 11 A Flickinger, S Jose
A C Llndgren, ill E C Crystal Vacaville
I Croft, Portland C A Phillips. Sacto
E V Vlckson. DC J H Slmmes & « Cal !
Mrs H H Knapp. Napa Mrs X C Miller Cal
Miss I. Knapp. Portld A C Hihn A w.'Cal
C \V Ayers, Sta Barb S J Cavanagh Cal
C A Btorke, St:i Barb J Smith, Reno
firs II Wright, I.* Ang F a Glenn San Jose !
SI Biggs Jr. Orovllie S \V McKlra Sacto
8 A Dougherty, Cal T X Beard Modesto
H White. Uklah \V R High. Modesto !
C J Wall. Chicago 0 A Johnson Ravmod '
A Robinson. Benicla ;E M Watson, DC"
.V McKillop. Tacoma 11 \v Robinson Louisvl
IV Dl. Held, Ukiah |W H Sebastian. Ky
1 H E Adams. at ickton W A Greenwood. Orlnd
C E Harrison. Vallejo J Davidson, Portland
1C J Cahlll, San Jose j.l n Thomson Rd Bluff
D .1 Parmelee, Cal Mrs II A Barran. Cal I
D E Stiff;. Chicago W J Wilson Jr Cal
G C Hyatt. Stockton ¦ I
PALACE HOTEL.
: C V Lamprey, Chicago C Q Simpson, M V
I. A Lincoln. NY IJ G Carey Chicago
Mrs Lincoln, N V I Mrs C M Waldon, SCra
(J J McCracken, Ptld Mrs P Short, Fresno t
Mrs McCrneken. Ttlil IF A Hlhn Sta Cruz
Miss F Leonard. N V W a Kbbs. N V
Mrs J Leonard. Va W J Small. Sact 1
13 C Slmpmin, England \V A Junker, I) Monte
Mrs .1 Kruttschnltt, Mrs J1" .Turn. Chicago I
Burllngame [Mrs J Gilbert. Phlla
I II Marblestone, Oho *; II Wilkinson N V i
M Newberger, Chgo j L Hunt. L S_\
i> !•• Hazelhurst. M, 1 . R 13 Cranston. Sailnrß
I .1 T Rountree. Denver E O Larkins Visalia
T W Phillips. Lob AngiG Lufkin, St Louis
j Kni-u-. x V 1. w Kerane. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
a McCuUougli, N v ID F Robertson, N V
C W Williams D C C F Holt. Chicago
H Feisli ,v- film. Tex |G W Barley & fam Mo
U T Kvans. 1. A James Mulroy. Cal
\V McAllister. Wash D M Baley & \v. Cal
1. .1 Oibblns, Merced 1: I Allen. Reno
C Baker Duttons M .1 Rowe. Chicago
.V Williams. Ban .lose 'Thos Hackett. Reno
.1 c Hickey. L A M Duggen, Chicago
IDi Methnes. Oakland C F Clark & w, Kit V
. Me., aged 72 years. (Maine. New Hamp-
shire and Massachusetts papers please copy.)
(ET'Frlends are _ invited to attend the fu-
neral • services to-day (Thursday), at 11:30
o'clock, at the parlors of the First Unitarian
Church, corner j Franklin and Geary streets.
Interment private in Mountain View Ceme-
tery. .. - f
KARNES— In this city, November 13. 1901.
John, beloved son of the late Bernard and
Ellen Karnes, and brother of William and
Mary Karnes, a native of - San Francisco,
ag-ed 32 years.
- E7"Notiee of funeral hereafter.
KENNED Y-In this city, November 12, 1901.
John C. Kennedy, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged SI years.
KUHKLKE— In this city, November 11, 1901,
Hermann Kuhklke, a native of Germany,
aged 41 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ¦ to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Sahr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
LAGOMARSINO— In this city, November 12.
1901, Rolando - Lagomarsino, dearly beloved
husband of Rosa Lasomarslno, and loving:
father of Annie, Rosie and Joseph Lagomar-
sino, a native of Italy, aged 51 years and i
: days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 53S Clement street, corner Seventh ave-
nue (Richmond district). Interment New
, Italian Cemetery. - /.- \ 5
LANDERS-BURGESS— In this city. November
13, 1901, Margaret A. Landers-Burgess, loving
mother of Mrs. M. J. Warren and the late
- Richard Landers, a native of Ireland.
lE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late rest-
dence. 78 Thirteenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
MIESNER— In this city, November 13. 1901.
Peter Miesner. beloved son of Peter and
. Gesche Miesner of Gyhum, Hanover, Ger-
many, and brother of Mrs. Anna Reinke and
Catherine. Marie and Henry Miesner of Han-
over. Germany, and John Miesner of San
Francisco, a native of Gyhum, Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 36 years and 2 months. A mem-
. ber ot Norddeutscher Vereln.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maasi, 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, November 13, 1901.
Pearl Marguerite, beloved and only child of
Albert : S. and Pauline S. Murphy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 19 days.
ROFF— In Newark. November 13. 1901, Edward,
beloved husband ot the late Esther Roll, a
.native of Rhode Island, aged 73 years.
RYHNER— this city, November 11, 1901,
Magdalene Ryhner (nee Relchmuth), dearly
beloved wife of Charles Ryhner, sister of
Anthony Reichmuth., sister-in-law of Felix.
F. Xavler and Joseph Ryhner, Mrs. Agatha
Kreuzer, Mrs. Marx Orsl, Mrs. Catharina
Roemer and Mrs. Josephine Wacker. an.l
aunt of Mrs. Camenisch. Mrs. E. Scherer and
Miss Mathilda Kreuzer. a native of Schwyz.
Switzerland, aged 54 years 4 months and td
gays. <¦
IL>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Thursday), at 7:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, corner of Army and Folsom
streets, thence to St. Anthony's Church.
Army street, near Folsom. where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at S o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VAN DUSEN— In this city, November 11. 1901.
Ed-ward, beloved husband of Ellen Van Du-
sen, n native of Connecticut, aged 73 years
and 9 months. (Connecticut papers pleasa
copy.)
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, . from the residence
of Mrs. L. Gallagher, 212 Moulton street, off
Fillmore, between Greenwich and Lombard.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WAIT— In this city, November 12, 1901, Henry
Oliver Wait, beloved father of Mrs. Thomas
H. Day. Mrs. Julia E. Towne, Mrs. George
P. de Gear. Mrs. John G. Hill. Mrs. Howard
R. Hurlbut. Mrs. William R. Evans and
Fred 0.. George S. and A. N. Wait, a na-
tive of Montreal. Canada, aged 84 years 3
months and 11 days. .*
CT Funeral from the parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2666 Mission street, to-day (Thursday),
at 1 o'clock. Funeral and Interment private.
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WEDELES- In Mew York, November 13. 1901.
I. W. Wedeles. beloved husband of Theresa
Wedeles.
o_?Notice of funeral hereafter.
WHITE— In Alameda, November 12, 1901, James
F. White, ejdest son of Colonel James M.
and the late Sarah F. White, husband of Mary
E. and father of Daisy C. White, a native of
Boston. Mass.. aged 56 years.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, ST>S Cedar street, Alameda. Interment
I Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWEU. ST.Nr* ELLIS 2ZZ 5056
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 13.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. 72 hours from Vic-
toria.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 13— Ger ship Slam,
for Portland, Or; stmr St Denis, for Ensenada.
Arrived Nov 13— Steam schr Del Norte, from
Eureka.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BROWHKAD— Passed Nov 13— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Queenstown and
Liverpool.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Now 14— Stmr Furnessta.
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 14. 4:20 a m —
Stmr New Encland, from Bcston, for Liver-
pool, nnd proceeded.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd Ovrl'dl Local
] Daily I Daily ) Daily j Dally
f f 1
I Lv. San Fran! 7:20 a | 9:00 a |S; 00 p J 4:20 p
l Ar. Stockton. llO:lS ft 11:15 a 11:10 p 7:IS p
| " Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:30 a | 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
'" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8.05 a
• Visalia.... j 3:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersnd. i 6:13 p 5:20 p i 7:4 i a
1 Kan City 2:40 a I 7. SO a
" Chicago .| 2:15 p I 9:00 p I
| a for morning, p for afternoon.
i 9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation ot
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
SCO p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Rakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:4O a. m. daily.
Offices— s4l Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
IiQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallt* F«rry.
Commencing September .v, IDOI.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO To MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY'S— 6:SS. B:2U, M:3O. 11:00 *. m..
•1 45 15. 4:15. 5:15, *6:15. t>:4s p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and S*a
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and ' Satur-
days at »:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "B:OOII '10:00, »ll:30 a. m.. •1:15,
3:15 «1:45 5.30. U:3O p. m.
Trains marked {') run to San Quentin.
FliOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN *'UANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS— 6:27, 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a ni. •12:25. 2:13, *3:33, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IS. '8:00, *10:00. '11:45 a. m,
•1:40 *3.15 4:15, *6:30 p. m.
Train? marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30 a. m.'
12 35 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:U5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15. 3:30,
5:00. 6:45 p. m. '¦¦,- ¦>
THROUGH TRAINS.
5:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:4.1 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry - Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Yw & Tb.4:i5,.«.«r*« Op.««.O p.««. Sun- Weeir
JDays. day i: tmi . davs^ Days.
9;30; S:00a pai3 ... returnißJ m „ ,. M I.OoV 1^57.
Txk. Sin Fnaeitfo to Summit md Rettrrn. ll.Mi
lcU t Q diets, (£1 JI AiiS£l STB££l _¦! S AUS-UITO ~»BT. <
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHINA TT A C
INDIAN I I A 1
JAPAN M "- ** **
GUN POWDER AND YOUNG HYSON
50c, 60c, 75c and $1 a Ib.
Old Fashion China Green Tea
INDIAN ASSAM AND DARJEELINO
50c, 60c, 75c and $1 a Ib.
New style British Breakfast Tea
ENGLISH BREAKFAST CONGOU
50c, 60c, 75c and $1 a Ib.
Old Style China Breakfast Tea
SCENTED CAPER AND PEKOE
 60c, 75c and $1 a Ib.
Highly Scented China for Flavoring
RUSSIAN CHOP HANKOW MONING
/75c and $1 a ib.
JAPAN GARDEN YAMASHIRO
50c, 60c, 75c and $1 a Ib.
New Style Green Natural Leaf
JAPAN SUN DRIED UNCOLORED
50c, 6Cc, 75c, $1 and $1.25 a Ib.
Best True Leaf, Pure and Sweet >
JAPAN BASKET FIRED UNCOLORED
50c, 60c, 75c, SI and $1.25 a Ib.
Finest Spider Leg Style Leaf
Serve afternoons our $ i Russian
Chop with Slice of Lemon
143 Market St., bet. 7 & 8. Telphone Mint 761
BAIL WAT TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. , !
Train* lt>n-« nuil sr« «len» (• nrrl** *>•
NAN rit«N«'lM4 41.
' (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
lkavb — From Novbmbbb 4. 1901. — arrxtt »
TsOOa BenicU, Suiaan, E'mixa and Sacra-
memo.. •:3-')p
? :O« a VkcaTille, Winters, Rumoe; 1:53p
<i3tfA Martinez, Situ Uaiiiou.VitHejo. Napa.
Calistoga&ml.S.'Mii- Uosa 6:S3p
8:0Oa Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing, '
Marjsville, Orotille.. 7:.V»r>
8:00* Allan Xi ureas— Ojdan aud Km! N:33a
»:«»«a Nile*. Lathrop, Stockton ~:3.->r>
_:UO.t Nile* MendoU, H-nford. Visa!]-,
Porterville 4:5»»
S:3oa Shasta Kxpreas— D»tlb, Williams (foe
B-rUett Springs,*, Willows, lleU
Bluff. Portland 7:»»#
•»»•* San .June. LiTerraore, Stockton,
lime, Sacramento. PUrervilla,
Marysvill«, Chic, lin.l UltifT 4:3.-*?
R:3«\ o»kila!r,Chinese,Sonora. Carters... 4:-.V
»:«<»«. Havwanl, Silts ami Way Stations. . • I :•">•"» A
9iOOa Vallejo I_i23p
»:»»(» a Lou Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, I,aUirop. .Stockton, Mcrct-U
Fromiu and Los Angeles 7:23*
«::t«.\ Vallejo. .Martin«z«ii>l Way .Stations ?:»3r
I OiOoa. Th« Overlai.d Limited — Ogdeo, L'eu-
ier, Omaha. Chicago »i_a»
fl:<M»p Sacramento Ulter St.OHi.iern fll:O»9
3:3»>r- Ilayward. N'il.s and Way .Stations.. ?:33p
-ittOr i;-nicia. Winters. Haorainento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding.
-: M.rynville. Orovllie 10:33*
4:OOr Mm tint-/. Hail lUinon. Vallejo,
Nairn. tMsssasjs, Santa Horn '•¦¦Ma
4:OOp Nile*, LiTermore. Stockton. L0.1i. . . 12:23?
4>»»r Hsywaid, XNiles. ISan Jose, Linrmora t».-!*3A
4:3*>p Port Cos a, Tracy, Latbrup, Strcktcn 1«:23a
3:OVp Hie Owl Limited— Kroaiio, Tulare.
lia'iere-aUI. fcangtis for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles 8:33*
5:00? Martinez. Antiocb, Btoekton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:23*
3:30 p New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersne.d. Los Angeles,
, Dtmlog, 151 Paso, New Orleans
and East 7:33*
«:O»r> Ha.; ward. Nile* and San Jose 7 .M*
t«l:O<»r Vallejo 11:23*
t:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogtien, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago Ss29*
6:Ot)r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:23?
?>OOr Oregon and California Ki|ir«M.Mac-
ntmento. Marysiilte. Kmlillnic.
r lliVl II iViK«t .Soiim.l and Kast 9:35 a
»««•¦» r San Pablo. Port Coala. Martinez
anil Way citations 11. -Ma
;*:O*P Vall.ji 7;33p
COAST LINE CUrrow Haass*
. (Foot otM:<rk«t Street.)
8): I » a Nenark.Ceiit«r*llle.Hß».lose. Kritini. "
Jlmilder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations »•»•»
f 3: 13* Newark, Centeivllle, San Jose, N«w
Alinailen, Frlton, Itonlder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations l«i.i«*
4t1.1p Nowark,«au .lose. LosGatos 1»:3»k
«9.30r Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations J7.*9r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS FRANCISCO— «f _»r_»t Street (Slip 8)—
t.:15 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 J:JO 5:13r.M.
rgiuOilUitS— r»t o'ilr»»l*ij.— K>:oo . U:00 tS:OS
10:00 >.M. i: 00 2.30 1:33 r.M.
COAST liINE (Broail <Jaii S «).
(Thin! ;unl Townaeiul SK)
4i:l»A .san Jose and Way .stations. H>»»p
7:«0.\ San Jom» »ml Way Stations l::i«»l-
/7:«<M New A!. rail- / l-.lOt
UiOOa Man June. Trei I'ioos. Haiiln Cruz,
Padua t~Nn«, .-alima. dan Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Prin-
cii>a.'int»rmerii»t9 St.tli.nis 7:43?
10::t»ASan Jose and Way Stations 4:lU>>
I I:::»a Han .loan X 1. .1 Way Stattona 3i»l>r
[SB: l»p San lUI n. K--.1WC0.1, Menlo Par., •
Pain Mmi Santa Clara. .San .lose,
Tre» Pino, Saiit* Dim, Sa!iu-s.
Monterey an 1 Pad Be ttrbwi (I*:***
fa.l«r San Job- and Way .Stations. 6:30\
1: 1.-if SanJcM««i.l Principal Way Stations »••**
ts:«>OpSan Jose. Los Gatos ana Principal
Way Stations t!»:0O%
.V::»p .Sa.n.!<>3A ami Principal Way Stations 8:38*
6>oop Redwo-d. San Jos*. Gllroy. Saliaa*.
Santa l>*thar». I.oh Angeles 10:05 a
C:.t»p San Jose ami Way .Stations fM-.oo*
qlli4si»Saii Jnspßiiil Way Stations •:!»?
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon,
t Sinntay exc-|.ted. I *nnd»y only,
« Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
CALIFORNIA NOinWESTESS IL C*
LESSHIU
SAN FRANCISCO AND NOBTB PAGIFiS.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. fort, «# B-IMI ml
an Francisco lo an kiaias'..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra irii>
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:-u
and 11:30 p. m. Hi
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:W. i*.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Haiae! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:11) a. m.; 13:_i.
3:40. 5.13 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trip- at 1:m
and 6:25 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— »:*>. S:«0. 11:10 a. m.; 1:W. I:«.
6:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
; San Francisco. | April 28. 1301. | San Francisco.
[ Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. [ Destination. ; daya. | Days.
7:30 ami 3:00 ami Novaio. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am| Petaluma. 6:03 pmilO:2s am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm) Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 6:30 pm
j Fulton. I
7:30 ami Windsor. ] * 10 23 am
6:00 pm HeaMsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservtlle,
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 17:35 pm « 20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm ¦ HopJand. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Vklah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami I 10:40 am(ia:2s am
I S:00 ami Guernevllle. I 7:35 pml
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| [ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma | 9:15 am 8:40 ami
I and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:10 pm
7 : 30 am I 8:00 ami ~ 110:40 am[lo:23 am
3:30 pm] 5:00 pmf SebastopoL I 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Hark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs, at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: ac
Geyservllle for Skacgs Springs: ac CloverdaU
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart. etc
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga;
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring*. Upper . Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, knell*.
Sanhedrin Heishts. Hullville. Orr's Hoc
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Weal-
port. •¦- Usal. Wi!lit9. Laytonville. Cummina.
Bell". Sprioss. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket- at re-
duced rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket or flee. 600 Market street. Chronic!*
building. '.TMUCfflt
H. C. •WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Art,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
In 1*34 for the treatment of Private
Dise-ses. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrf»!:u3riinlff(t. Cullcrwrits>
> Dr. J. r. «iUBV.\. aa_ £*ra_c!aco» Cat _ ¦
112
ftiJiyMSaapMTOj.
Attractive Values in
Table Linen Sets
and at a time they are most needed
New L Table- Linens for Thanksgiving Day — A magnificent
assortment on our second floor to choose from — More and
greater variety- of choice designs than we have ever had — Pay
a visit to this department to-morrow and you will be more
than surprised at the values offered in our Fine Linen Table
Sets — Just a hint :
Set
Damask Linen Pattern Cloths 2x2^ yds 8: 1 dz Napkins $ 8.75
" 2x3 " " '" 10.25
" << 2 , ; X2I .< " " 12.00
" " " 2x3' " ,* << 13.50
" " " " 2x4 " " " 16.50
Two Specials in Table Linens (Second Floor) .
Superfine Bleached Satin Damask, 2 yds wide, special $1.00 yd
Heavy Bleached Satin Damask', 2 yds wide, extra value $1.35 yd
Table Napkins — Choice Values c (Second Floor)
All linen Damask Napkins 24 ! Irish Linen Damask Napkins,
inches square, dozen $2.25. ;27 in. square, the. dozen. .s4.so
German Linen Damask Nap- i Extra Quality German Linen
kins, 24 inches square, the Satin Damask Napkins, 27
dozen $3.50 [ inches, the dozen $4.00
Fancy Flannels— 75C (Second Floor)
The latest arrival. — Silk corded stripe all wool Albatross
Flannels For Ladies' Waists' — Comes in choicest of colors —
A very pretty novelty — Special at 75c a yard.
J. B. CorsetS — $1.50 (Third Floor)
This Special we offer is in the Celebrated J. B. Straight Front
Shape — made of fine quality Black Sateen, with Low Bust and
long below the waist, and with hip gores — Experienced
fitters are in attendance to show and lit them. — Elegant value
at $1.50 a pair.
Wool Shawls— Si. 6 (Third Floor)
Handsome Imported Wool Shawls, in White, Black. Pink,
Blue and Cardinal, size 45x48 with fringe on all sides.
Excellent value at $1.65.
Boys' Sweaters — 1.2 c (Third Floor)
A special consignment of Boys' Fancy Wool sweaters, with
the latest white mercerized silk striped bodies, nothing like this
in quality or style ever offered at the price-^-$1.25 each.
Hosiery Specials — In Seasonable Goods (Main Aisle)
An exceptional value in Boys' Fast Black School Stockings,
with three thread heels and toes, double soles, double knees,
strong and durable. — All sizes 7 to 10 — Special at 25c a pair.
Ladies* All Wool Cashmere Hose, with high spliced
heels and double soles, full fashioned. — Special value sOc pair.
Ladies' Winter Underwear («WnAisie)
A special value. — Ladies' extra quality cotton fleeced lined
Vests, with Pants to match. — All sizes — at 50c a garment.
Ladies' Pure Australian Wool Vests with Pants to match;
guaranteed not to shrink; all sizes in Natural, White and
Camels' Hair. — Extra value at Si. each.
Kearnp and Sutter Streets
KES. JENNER ALLEGES
A MURPHY CONSPIRACY
Accuses Former Husband of Trans
ferring Property to Evade Col
lection of Judgment.
Vera Helen Gertrude Jenner filed an
amended complaint to the suit she filed
some time agro against her ex-husband,
Bertram Samuel Joseph Fennestone O'Neill
Murphy, and his brother. Daniel T. Mur
phy. In the amended complaint Mrs.
Jenner alieges that the man with the
numerous Christian names and his
brother have entered Into a conspiracy to
defraud her of $S2M 15. the amount of a
judgment she obtained against him in the
Superior Court last year. When Mrs.
Jenner got a divorce from Murphy in
England the court awarded her $250 per
month alimony. Her husband never paid
it. and she brought suit here for the
amount due. She now asks that a re
ceiver be appointed to care for the prop
erty, which her former husband deeded
to his brother as far back as ISB6, and
again in 1896. She alleges that the trans
fer was made for no consideration, but
¦was done for the purpose of depriving her
of her claim against it.
Concert and Picture Exhibition To-
Night.
There will be a concert and exhibition
of water colors tn-nipht at Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art from s to 10. The- insti
tute is al«o onen daily. •
To Sail on Transport Warren.
The Third Battalion, headquarters. fleM,
staff and band of the Twenty-eighth Infan
try, have received nrdc-rs to sail on the
transport Warren for the Philippines on
December L Several hundred unassigned
recruits will leave at the same time.
ngpJfC? § Mink Storm I
I IJVjfl 1 Collar Special. j
LftSfiif^ i^ i'^*''''"-"' ¦ I c p a ce on special sale to-day and for
• W" l' %s¦¦&'&& the a l ance of the week a genuine mink
" %',- Jfjjm storm collar finished with 6 sable fox tails — 2
I \L &(¦¦'&' & ilwl exactly as per illustration. This collar is ele- 'i
/rlS&jsii Jlw^r I I g ant made in every particular and beauti- ;
i ¦¦' #I V^ >'' fully lined with rich, heavy sp,%£\ i— r <r\
* *\ 1 '/W«i 1 / ' satin— a great value — on JJ||V.SII
\ XTiw- 1" ' / \ display in the window... V*-M«Wf
|i\ f r/V/3 J » Our present line of neckwear is the finest
b \r \ „ • /yt '3 we have ever shown. For !?7.00 we show a
N. \. /H Sa^ e * OX scar^ w'l^w ' 1^ tuo u^ ta^ s# F° r i
\/yjflmsf!^m \T> I $10.00 we show a double sable fox scarf, j
A raiiillv/ « extra larce size - These are onl y tw ° oi a !
Tell' JfliPPw 'Ik r gC number of styles now on exhibit. (
Qf^ INCORPORATED* I
laroest exclusive fur house in tKe world, m
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MERCHANTS PREPARE
FOR ANNUAL DINNER
Theme Is Selected for Discussion
Which Business Men of City-
Are Considering-.
The annual dinner of the Merchants'
Association will take place in the Palace
Hotel next Monday even'ng. President
Frank J. Bymmes will preside. The topic
selected for discussion is '"Municipal and
Ir.'luptrial Betterments." Mayor-elect
Schmitz and "William R. Vv Heeler are an
nounced to discuss "Municipal ' Better
ments. " Dr. Wiliiam H. To.man of New
York and Director Fairfax H. Wheelan
will speak of "Industrial Betterments."
Introductory remarks will be made by
President Bymmes. The dinner vv-ill be
largely attended. Four hundred and fifty
invitations have been sent out.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco Dc-c^mber 38, Los Angeles
December IP, rt aching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80; Los Angeles, $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street, San Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
Merzbach & Weiner Dissolve.
•lii'lsre Slop? yesterday signed a decree
dissolving the partnership existing be
tween Julius Merzbach and Louis Weiner.
clothiers. Both parties sued fnr a disso
lution and each charged the other with
all sorts of double dealing. Herman
Mpyerstein, who was appointed receiver
when the suits were instituted, reported
that the assets of the firm, valued at
$7450, had been disposed of for $4507 25,
which was at the rate of 60.05 cents on
the invoice dollar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1901.
VESSEL IS DRIVEN TO DESTRUCTION
IN HURRICANE OFF PORT MARGARET
The Overdue British Ship Giencaird Goes Ashore After Being
Buffeted About Cape Horn for Nearly a Month — Captain English
and All but Three of His Men Perish After Taking to the Boats
THE BRITISH SHIP GLENCAIRD GOING TO PIECES ON THE ROCKS OFF THE SHORE OF STATEN ISLAND,
SOUTH AMERICA. THE VESSEL IS A TOTAL LOSS AND ALL BUT THREE OR HER OFFICERS AND CREW
WERE LOST.
THE overdue British ship Glencaird
is a total loss. She was nearly
seven months out from England,
and 35 per cent was paid on her
by the underwriters, but there
were few takers, as everybody thought
the vessel would come in. The Merchants'
Exchange, however, received cable news
from Buenos Ayres yesterday that the
vessel had been wrecked, and neaVly all of
the crew drowned.
The Glencaird came to grief off Port
Margaret, Staten Island, at the southern
extremity of South America. She was
driven on the rocks in a violent storm.
The officers and crew took to the boats
and made an attempt to reach the shore,
but of the thirty-three souls on board
only three escaped. The remainder, in
cluding Captain English, the second of
licer and the third officer, perished.
With two members of the crew the
first officer drifted for several days in an
open boat, without food or water. They
were finally rescued by the Chaco, bound
for Buenos Ayres. The shipwrecked men
were half dead when taken aboard the
steamer.
Continuing her voyage the Chaco picked
up the crew of another vessel which had
been lost. The French ship Astrea, which
sailed from Shields July 12, for Valparaiso,
took fire when off Cape St. John. When
all hope of saving her was gone the cap
tain and his men abandoned the burning
vessel and took to the boats. The Astrea
was abandoned October 8. The captain,
the first officer, second officer and twenty
one of the crew were found and rescued
by the Chaco. Six of the Astrea's sailors
who were in one of the small boats are
still missing, and it is supposed that they
were drowned.
The Glencaird and the Astrea sailed
from the same port, Shields, England,
though the G'encaird left two months be
fore the French ship, but both were lost
in the same locality.
Captain English of the Glencaird was one
of the best known of the masters who
come to San Francisco. He had a host of
friends here and many of them "played"
the vessel as a sure arrival. The weather
that drove her on Staten Island must
have been terrific. Reinsurance on the
Roanoke and others of the overdue fleet
is now sure to take a jump. The Glencaird
was consigned to Meyer, Wilson & Co.
of this city.
CUT IN SAILORS' WAGES.
Men Who Man the Honolulu Flefit
Suffer a Reduction.
The sugar fleet will pay a reduced rate
to its hands this winter. During the
spring, summer and autumn the general
rate has been $35 a month. Now the best
figure is $30 and the chances are that it
will go to $25 before the month is out. Ac
the present time there are more vessels
than men on the coast, and while the
men are ready to work, there is nothing
for the vessels to do. Sailors are on the
beach by the score and with a reduction
in wages vessels that would otherwise be
laid up will be kept in commission. The
chances are that many a vessel will be
run at a loss during the coming winter.
Kentucky Stallion for New Zealand.
One of the handsomest stallions ever
shipped from San Francisco will leave
here on the Ventura to-morrow for New
Zealand. He is one of the most perfect
animals ever bred in Kentucky. He has
all the attributes of a perfect road hors.j
and for that purpose he was purchased.
To get him to New Zealand will cost his
present owner over $1000, but even with
that assessment he will be deemed cheap
in the colonies.
Water-Front Notes.
The steamship China, which will be due
next Saturday from the Orient, may pos
sibly creep iruto-night. She is a flier and
usually comes in a day ahead of time.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura is scheduled to sail at 10 a. m.
to-day. Should the mails be on time
she will get away with a big crowd of
passengers and all the freight she can
carry.
The United States army transport
Grant sails to-morrow for the Philippines.
She will take away a regiment of infan
try and a number of officers returning to
their regiments.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and passed a number
of demands on the treasury. The request
of Archbishop Riordan to have a spur
track made from the belt railroad to the
Gibraltar warehouse was referred to the
chief engineer. The Gibraltar warehouse
property belongs to St. Mary's Help Hos
pital, of which the Archbishop is presi
dent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British bark Beechdale is chartered prior
to arrival for salmon on Fraser River for
Liverpool, 41s 3d, if London 42s 6d; option of
wheat at Tacoma, 425. or Portland, 42s 6d.
The ship A. G. Ropes will load wheat at this
port for Europe, 22s 6d.
Shipment of Wheat.
The German ship Neck was cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 73,091 etls
wheat valued at $75,800 and 15,000 ft lumber as
dunnage valued at $225.
Notice to Mariners.
FANTA CRUZ, CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that Santa Cruz
whistling buoy, painted black and white per
pendicular stripes and lettered "S. C." in
white, about 1% miles SE. M E. from the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company's wharf, en
trance Santa Cruz harbor, California, Is re
ported not sounding. It will be repaired or
replaced as soon as practicable.
This notice affects "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 16.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON.
Commander. U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14.
Suij rises 6 :oQ
Sun .sets 4:."3
Moon sets 7:40 p. m.
Time. Time Timel Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
•HWLW H W L W
14 .. 2:18 4.4 6:18 3.2 12:20 5.4 7:30—0.1
15 .. 3:02 4.5 7:07 3.2 12:56 5.2 8:10 0.0
16 .. 3:46 4.6 8:05 3.2 1:41 4.9 8:55 0.2
17 .. 4:27 4.7 9:15 3.2 2:45 4.7 9:45 0.5
18 ... 5:11 4.9 10:30 3.0 3:59 4.4| 10:40 0.7
19 .. 5:51 5.1 11:4S| 2.41 5:25| 4.2 11:36 1.0
20 .. 6:34 5.3 12:4S| 1.7| 6:46| 4.2|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlde3
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due. ]
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 14 I
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. .Nov. 14
Point Arena.. . Point Arena Nov. 14
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 14
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 14
Empire >.. Coos Bay Nov. 13
Asuncion Tacoma ... Nov. 15 !
Edith Seattle Nov. 15 i
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 15
Ramses Seattle Nov. 15
laqua Humboldt Nov. 15
Pleiades Seattle Nov. 16
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. 16
China China and Japan Nov. 16
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Nov. 16
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 16
J. S. Klmball.. Seattle & Tacoma |Nov. 17
State of Cal San Dlejro & Way Pts.iNov. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Nov. 17
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 1^
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 18
North Fork.. .. Humboldt Nov. IS !
Umatilla I Puget Sound Ports Nov. IS
Palena : Valparaiso & Way Pts Nov. 11
Robt. Dollar...' Seattle & Hadlock Nov. 19
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 20
Australia ; Tahiti Nov. 21
Columbia [Portland & Astoria.... I Nov. 21
Hyades New York via PanamalNov. 22
City of Puebla Pugret Sound Ports INov. 23
Totmes [ Seattle |Nov. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Palls. Pier.
November 14.
Rival Willapa Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana... 'Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Peru Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
November 15.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Sta. Barbara | Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka I Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Gr. Dollar — Grays Harbor spm Pier 2
November 16.
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
H'ngkgMaru China and Japan... Ipm PMSS
November 17.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November IS.
laqua Humboldt 10 ami Pier —
Pomona Humboldt l:3op|Pier 9
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 5 pm|Pier 16
Newport Panama & Way...|l2 m|PMSS
November 19. I
G. W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 20.
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Ramses Hamburg & Way Pier 27
November 21.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am | Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What I
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma |
November 22.
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 23.
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak Nov. 14
E. Thompson.. Cooks Inlet & Way.... Nov. ]3
Cnas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. iNov. 15
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. i Nov. 15
Dolphin Slcaguay & Way Ports. INov. J6
Farallon Skagruay & Way Ports. l Nov. 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way....|Nov. 25
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 13 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
t. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
P. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 12.
Stmr Was-htenaw, Parker, 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Wednesday, November 13.
Stmr Czarina,' Seaman, 102 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carfcon, 16 hours from Cle
one.
Stmr Chico, Jensen, 17 hours from Fort
Brajrg.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 12 hours from Moss
Lardin::.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 13 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Nor stmr Tellue, Pedersen, 90 hours from
Ladysmith.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen, 50 hours from
Point Arena.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, November 13.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Ger strar Totmes, Paessler. Nanalmo and Ta
coma; J D Spreckels & Bros Go.
Aus etmr Alberta. Pussanich. Newcastle.
England, and London; Girvin & Eyre.
Ger ship Neck, Reiners, Queenstown; W R
Grace & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November IS,
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka,
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, Bowens Landing.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Ladysmith.
Ger stmr Totmes, Paessler, Seattle.
Bark Agate, Bergman, Grays IJarbor.
Biigr Harriet G, Pedersen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Pchr Stanley, Schmalz, .
Schr Ottillie Fjord, Boesch, Eureka and Ka
hulul.
Schr Glen, Nelson, .
Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Diego.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, Coos Bay.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 13— Br stmr Royalist, from
San Francisco Oct 12 for St Vincent, put into
Valparaiso with steering gear slightly injured.
GRAYS HARBOR, Nov in— Captain Reed of
tug Traveler reports the loss of one of the
crew of schr Watson A West lying in the
lower bay Thursday. He could not ascertain
name or particulars.
LONDON, Nov 13— A Fr bark, name un
known, struck off Hendon this morning. Nine
teen of the crew were drowned.
DISASTER.
LONDON, Nov 13— Fr bark Astrea, from
Tyne July 12 for Valparaiso, was abandoned at
sea on fire; no date given.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov 12— Stm-
San Mateo. for Nanaimo.
Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Coquille River, from
Fort Bragff.
PORTLAND— SaiIed Nov 13— Ship Crown of
India, for Queenstown.
Arrived Nov 13— Br ship Travancore, from
Penco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 13— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 13— Br ship
Gaisdale. from Victoria.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Progreso,
hence Nov 9; stmr Al-Kl, from Skaguay.
Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Arctic, for Portland;
stmr Pleiades, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 12 — Br stmr Queen Adelaide,
from Tacoma. Nov 13— Stmr City of Seattle,
from Skaguay; Br ship Garsdale, from Port
Townsend.
Sailed Nov 12— Br stmr Teenkai. for Tacoma.
WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 13— Ger stmr Ram
ses, from Tacoma.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Nov 12; stmr Sequoia, hence
Nov 12.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed No* 13— Schr Comet,
for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 13— Schr C S Holmes,
hence Oct 27. .
Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Al-Kl, from Alaska;
stmr Tamplco, from Seattle.
Sailed Nov 13— Ship Dashing Wave, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Nov 13— Schr
Bender Bros, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Barbound Nov 13— Stmr Empire.
Arrived Nov 13 — Schr Gem, hence Nov 2.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 13— Schr Mawee
ma. from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov 13— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 13 — Stmrs laqua and North
Fork, hence Nov 12; schr J G Wall, hence
Nov 4.
1—11
BIG
SPECIALS
TO=DAY.
EVERY ONE OF THEM WORTH
NEARLY DOUBLE. PRICES Oil
THESE SPECIALS HOLD GOOD
TO-DAY ONLY.
WOMEN'S RAINY DAT OUTSIDE
SKIRTS, the ,$2 50 quality; (I PZf\
•to-day's, price (jJlioU
WOMEN'S DRESS SKIRTS, of fine Serge,
flare effects, trimmed with bands of
m stitched satin In black or na- <£ Q £* ez
vy. blue; $4 quality; on sale. tpZiOt)
"WOMEN'S GERMAN FLANNEL, WAISTS,
trimmed with fine tucks and gilt buttons.
Bishop sleeves, all pretty colors, sizes 32
to 44; regular 85c value; on sale GT/"kx>
\ to-day ...,..: . tj\J\*
Best quality FRENCH FLANNEL EM-
• BROIDERED WAISTS. buttoned in
back, latest sleeve; blouse embroidered in
silk bow. knot pattern and many other
pratty designs; good $6 «C Q *J ps,
.value, on special sale.. CO* ( O
TAFFETA and PEAU DE SOIE SILK
WAISTS, about 50 waists in all to sell,
worth $5 to $6; special sale CO rz.f\
- price 9>2«OU
EIDERDOWN DRESSING SACQUES, all
" sizes and colors; our 75c qual- A O^-,
J ity;.on 5a1e...:.......:....: tOt
Our ,$1 quality SACQUES; -on T"Q/-»
. .sale ;.;.;... ¦.::...... C uC
. Our $1 50 quality SACQUES ; on" O f>Z r*
sale ..„:;.....:.....:..¦ ¦.....¦; i?Ot
WOMEN'S v FLANNEL NIGHT . GOWNS.
• in pretty colors of pink and blue stripes,
jH sizes 34 to 44; sold everywhere at st /k/-»
-' 75c; our price to-day... .... T'vH*
Our $1 FLANNEL GOWNS; on £*Ck~
sale Out
Our $1 30 FLANNEL GOWNS, trimmed
' witn braids, torchon lace and in- CklS/-»
; ser'tlon; on 5a1e..........:......;.. t/OC
WOMEN'S UNDERSKIRTS of mercerized
sateen; flounce lined and trimmed with
- lour small ruffles, ¦ cut . very . »y cj -,
wide; good %\ 25 value; on sale... (OC
The very latest BLACK AND WHITE
.STRIPED SKIRTS, of fine Italian cloth-
¦ flounce lined and accordeon , plaited and
' trimmed ; with - double : rows of ¦' pinked
, ; niching; usually sold at $150; O^/-»
our price to-day..'................. t/OC
, WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
Hal * >3 , I Hale',. '2
C'^^'^f Mgrket St » "»•• 6th, C pp CoFdenCate aye. X^^fev
\// Open Sat. Night V\ ¦
J^ 7/ Next— every Saturday night till Christmas.- \ V^fil
*s> /k. — ; \ \ Jra,
W Silver Novelties \
1/ That you can't keep from buying. They are such pretty pieces and •
' so well made that you d want them even if we asked more for them than
we're going to. The truth is we got them for holiday selling, but they are
such good values we can t keep them that long.
A Sterling Silver Mounted Whisk Broom 50c
Actually worth 51.00.
It's a splendid quality of whisk, a handy size for the pocket in traveling.
Bonnet or Hat Brushes 50c— The best quality, -with sterling: silver handle and
back.
Glass Toothpick Holder 19c— With sterling silver top. clear cut glass
Glass Salve Jar 19c— Sterling silver top, cupid head.
Pearl-Headed Pins 10c dozen— lndestructible kind, black, blue, yellow, pink or
white.
Pearl Hat t»ins 15e— In white or pink. - ,
Dressing Combs 25c— In celluloid or aluminum back, well made, fine and coarse
teeth.
Gold-Plated Cuff Links 25c pair— Some in pearl. Splendid value for the price.
Feather Ball Ponpons
At Half Price.
(To-dsy for the first time.)
And they're just the particular style you all want— set off with chenille
dots; some of them are in small blaok or small white; other's black dots
with white and white with black chenille. They are the same identical trim-
mings we
Formerly sold at 98c-
Now 49c and 59c,
Two sizes. .
Thank the express for bringing them in time. They left New York less
than a week ago. They're as much in demand as any millinery trimming we
know of even at full prices, so what a stir they will create at halt-price.
A Tennis Flannel Offering
Cf Importance, Tc.
It's so dainty and such a heavy, fleecy quality that you will all be glad to
buy it at 7c. 27 inches .vide and more than 100 pieces to pick from. Mostly
striped patterns.
r Newest Cashmere Finish Flannels 12 : ic — 27 inches wide and set off with
prettiest possible Persian stripes and figures. Some hundred patterns and
colorings.
Is it any wonder we are doing a big flannel business when we can of-
fer values like these? *
Women's Flannelette Gowns 43c.
In pink and blue stripes, with square yokes and large turn-down collars.
Sizes 14, IS 16, 17-
Another very eown at 75c— This. too, is in dainty pink and blue
stripes, with turn-down collars, yoke and cuffs trimmed with plain pink and blue
daisy cloth. They're heavy, soft and warm.
Daisy Flannel Gowns SI.OO— Long and heavy, in plain pink, blue and cream.
The yoke, collars and cuffs edged with white piping. Sizes 14, 15, 16, 17.
Children's Flannelette Drawers 22c.
Good, substantially made garments with ruffle trimming around the bottom. Mostly
stripes. Sizes 2 to 14 years.
Flannelette Kimonas 75c.
Made of plain pink and blue daisy flannel, trimme.. with white. Another style of pink
and blue striped flannelette, set oft! with plain pink and blue colors.
Sailed Xov 13— Stmrs San Pedro. Homer and
Luella. for San Francisco; schr Serena Thay
er. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO-Arrived Nov IJ— Stmr Del
Norte. from Crescent City.
Sailed Xov 13— Ger ship Siam, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT L.UDLOW— Arrived Xov 13— Ship Great
Admiral, from Port Townsend.
NEWPORT BEACH— Sailed Nov 13— Schr
Bertha Dolbeer, for Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 12— Ital ship
Australia, from Caleta Buena.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Orizaba,
from Colon.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Finance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Oct 12— Bark Onaway,
from Iloilo.
CUXHAYEN— Passed Nov 10— Br ship Scot
tish Glens, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
BREMEN— SaiIed Nov in— Br ship Scottish
Glens, from Hamburg, for San Francisco; Ger
bark Paul Isenbersr. for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 23— Br stmr
Willow-dene, for San Diego.
Arrived Nov 12— Bktn Kohala, from Mel
bourne.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 11— Br stmr Glen
shell, for Tacoma.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Nov 13— Br stmr
Oak Branch, hence Sex>t 5, for United King-
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 12— Br Btmr Aorangt.
from Vanco'-ver.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 13— Schr King
Cyrus, from Hastings Mill.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Nov 13— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
H H Meir. from Bremen.
Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Perugia, for Naples,
etc; stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool; stmr Phila
delphia, for Southampton; stmr Southwark. for
BOULOGNE— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam and pro-
Ce pLYMOUTH— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Hermon
this. from Tacoma and San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Loy
alist, from San Francisco, for S* Vincent, C V.
BTJTLDERS MUST COMPLY
WITB[ THE OBDINAJiTE
Board of Works Issues Instructions
for Construction of Hotels and
Lodging-Houses.
The Board of Public Works issued the
following circular to owners, architects
and contractors yesterday:
Ordinance No. 303, passed May 24. 1901. pre
scribes, in general terms, requirements for the
construction of hotels and lodging-houses.
The following clause may require definite in
terpretation:
"The Board of Public Works, in granting or
refusing permits for the erection or alteration
of buildings to be used for such purposes, shall
exercise a reasonable and sound discretion."
In the exercise of this discretion the Board
of Public Works prescribes as follows:
First— That where the first or second story,
or both such stories, shall be used for other
purposes than that defined in the ordinance,
said story, or stories, and. the basement, it
any, shall be constructed throughout of fire
proof materials or class A.
Second — All stairways and elevators must be
surrounded throughout with fireproof walls of
masonry or of metal studding and lathing.
Third — In the construction of stairways
wooden treads will be allowed. All other parts
must be of fireproof materials.
Fourth— Metal lathing must be used through
out the structure.
All other requirements prescribed by lair
must be conformed to.
Announcement.
I, the undersigned, will begin the great
clothing sale of the Monarch and Me
chanics' stocks to-day at 9 a. m. at 915
Market street, opposite Mason. Herman
Lesser, proprietor. •
Permission to Sell Property Refused.
Judge Coffey declined to issue an order
yesterday directing the sale of a part of
the estate of Joseph P. Hale for the rea
son that an agreement had been entered
into some time ago whereby it was
stipulated that the property in question
should be the last offered for sale The
Supreme Court building on Larkin street
which the heirs desired to sell, is one of
the buildings which the agreement con
cerned.
The Popular Train
To Stockton, Merced. Fresno, HanforcJ. Vlsalla
and Bakersfleld is the California Limited via
Santa Fe. Leaves daily at 3 a.m. Dining cars
chair cars, oiled track. Ticket office 641 Mar'
ket street.
Gray Brothers Lose Two Suits
Martin Davis was awarded $500 dam
ages yesterday by a jury in Judge Hunt's
court for personal injuries received at
Gray Bros.' quarry while he was em
ess? same ?n y a he treS^ tO t ? c
In Judge Seawell's court PatHnV t>«
house by the biast'ne oneWti^ 1118I 118
on by Gray Bros, at fhefr qlarry. ° arried
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
Seasonable gooSs at
greatly reduced prises.
Nothing but the best.
Finnan Haddies, 1b. . . 15c
Choice new lot just received. •
Creamery Butter, 2 lbs 45c
The very choicest.
Seeded Raisins, 3 p^gs 25c
Fancy reclean»d seeded raisins.
Regularly 2 pkgs. 23c.
Orange Marmalade, jar 15c
Cutting's celebrated make.
Regularly 25c. "
Cranberries, 2 qts 25c
New Cape Cod Cranberries*
Finest in the market.
Sweet Wines, b0t..... 25c
Gallon $1 OO
Port. Sherry. Angelica and Muscat.
Regularly 40c and $1 50.
Whiskey, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
,- .; Gallon $3.00
Our famous O X Bourbon— old and pure I
Regularly $1 and $4. '
Sweet Cider, gallon. . .40c
New Eastern Apple Cider, very delicious.
Regularly 50c
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED— CAT
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
I TELEPHONE MAIN 5332.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink
VICHY
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
_^ 3ao BROADWAY. N. T.
T^D>.\\'W///"K'Btf« From Rev. Stephen In-
W-«.V^Sn*^X/--T res — Rectory, Church
S£»£SJ»i*gP*<Vg; or St. Mary the Virgin.
HWtSKsSSpiSSjRc an Francisco. Cal. My
3S%£&^-^SsSfcSitD Dear Mr Mayerle: I hay*
-&?7&S3B^sSj[&? been uslr ff for a LONG
=\Cni£sia*<fiJl :: TIME th glasses which
you have made for
• -^/S^SESrS^ me. and I wish to say that i
" t IKwnnv the have *' VPn me P e ?"A>
V//y''l\W» feet satisfaction. M eyei
,_iv - ¦ have never been in so
ecmrortable a state as they are at the present
time, and I attribute this to your excellent
skill. I am very faithfully yours. Rev. Stephen
Inn , - Mayerle's Glasses Strengthen the Eye
and Brain. German Eyewater. 50c. GEORGE
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071's
Market st.. near Seventh. CUT THIS OUT.
STERLING DENTAL CO.
HIGH CUSS DENTISTRY.
ftyM^HUMwi Painless Extraction.
H' aB Crown and Bridge Work.
tVi?fijl Plate* With Cur
Hf JL 1 STERLIHC
B (rrQJtiF VACUUM
&**& m CHAMBER
' Are Guaranteed a Perfect Fit. [
397 ' Wai-Vat Corner Sixth.
0 1 ifiainClf Over Millinery Store.
>^^v DR. MEYERS & CO.
y^p***^\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
/SP -__J \ Established ISSI. Cony-
§Dß. MEYERS CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR M£N
Established 1881. Coiv
sultation and private booi^
I vjk '/sfcil'l free at office or by nuiiW
Cures guaranteed.
\JS^$/ 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAJb,