VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 125.
At the Annual Meeting in New York Fifteen Directors Are
Elected, Including George J. Gould and Six Other Rep
representatives of Union Pacific— New Men on Board
HARRIMAN SYNDICATE GIVES
DEMONSTRATION OF ITS CONTROL
OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC SYSTEM
SOai£ OF THE PROMINENT MEN "WHO "WERE ELECTED DIRECTORS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
AT THE ANNUAL MEETING IN NEW YORK YESTERDAY. SEVEN OF THE NEW DIRECTORS ARE REP
RESENTATIVES OF THE HARRIMAN SYNDICATE AND THE UNION PACIFIC SYSTEM.
THE JUSTICE WHOSE DECI
SION DECLARES THE BOND
ELECTION VOID.
ments are different In many respects, and.
therefore, the park and boulevard act Is In
consistent with the charter. The result de
clared by the constitution where such Incon
sistency exists must follow, namely: th<*
park and boulevard act has been superseded
by the charter. That act being superseded by
the charter, it is gone from the case. It went
lnstanter the moment the charter took effect.
It is no more a law applicable to- the city
and county of Ean Francisco: and Its provi
sions can no longer be invoked to support this
proceeding.
May these bonds now be Issued under the
provisions of the charter? It cannot be done:
for the charter only contemplates the Issuance
of bonds based upon the procedure laid down
by the charter. As we have said, the scheme
laid down la complete in Itself, and It must
be followed" as a whole, or the attempt to
create a » bonded Indebtedness will • Inevitably
coma to nothing. The bonds must be Issued
after the procedure marked out by the char
ter, has been followed, or they cannot be is
sued at ali.
Charter > Authorizes . Improvements.
Upon the 'question of the right of .the
Board of Supervisors to submit 'to the
Continued on Page Two.
MAYOR TO URGE
A NEW ELECTION
It is Indeed discouraging to hear that
the Supreme Court has held I that the
issuance of bonds for park ! extension,
schoolhouses. - hospitals and"' sewers Is
invalid. I understand, without having
seen the opinions, that the court holds
that the charter supersedes the general
laws under which tne bond elections
were held in December, 1839. : If this is
true, there Is consolation In the fact
that the charter is supreme within its
field. The proceedings were all 'taken
and the election held before the charter
went into effect, to avoid this point,
and our attorneys argue that, as the
charter government was the successor
of the government under. the consolida
tion act, it was competent for us to
Issue the bonds authorized. Just as pro
ceedings taken under .the State insol
vency laws continue to completion '¦¦ al
though the Federal bankruptcy act has
intervened. ,
One of the reasons why the elections
were held In December. 1S99, .was be
cause the attorneys- advised that if
they were held after January 1 thera
would have to be a rereglstratlon un
der the new registration law before
any election- could be ' held, which
would have postponed the project for
As all the Improvements received the
enthusiastic approval of more than
two-thirds of the people, we feel con
fident that. In calling another election,
which I shall recommend for this pur
pose, the people will ratify their pre
vious action; so, in my Judgment, this
setback and disappointment will only
result in a better understanding of the
question, and enable us to Issue bonds
about the .validity of which there shall
be no question. 'The supremacy of the
charter had to be decided, and it Is
Just as well that It Is decided In this
case. That Is - a. point' gained which
cannot be underestimated, and I am
satisfied the people will 'be content to
suffer the disappointment of delay in
view of>ll the circumstances..
"We have six months' Interest and
sinking fund on hand and $10,000 for
the, examination of abstracts, which
has not been used. The city is now in
a prosperous condition generally, and
with this money on hand, we are in a
position to go ahead. I hope there
will be no further obstructions or de
lays." "The decision has clarified th»
atmosphere and it has made the. sail
ing easy.
I am satisfied the Supervisors will be
in accord with these views, and, as it
is necessary to vote for the bonds at
a special . election, ; such ¦ an election
should be Immediately called. '.The city
is suffering for schools, hospitals and
better drainage, and 'our park "should
be brought down to r Market -street at
the small expense for which it can now
be accomplished. ' and this generation
of San Franciscans should get the* ben
efit of these great Improvements which
must inevitably come.— Statement made
by "Mayor Fhelan.
CUSHING FA VORS s
ANOTHBR TRIAL
O. K. Cushlng, president of the Fed- '
eratlon of jWestern Addition Improve- \
ment Clubs', is greatly disappointed at •
the adverse decision of the Supreme '
Court. .In' speaking of the matter he \
said: "I deeply regret the failure of .
the Supreme Court to sustain the va- '
lldlty of the bond election. It is the '
opinion both of - myself and the other .
members of the Improvement clubs ¦
that the city eannr>t possibly exist '
longer with any degree of progress ',
without a bond issue of some kind. It' <
is only a question of time before bonds '
must be circulated. The city has . at- .
talned.a point where It is confronted V
by certain pressing needs, which can- '
not possibly be met through the me- \
dlum of ordinary taxation. We should .
Immediately prepare for a new bond •
' election. As the Supreme Court holds ]
. that the same may be held under the ]
provisions of the charter there Is that '
much satisfaction to be gained from '
the rendering of the decision, thoux* • <
" otherwise It is dlsaoDotntlnz." BBES<
The decision of the Supreme Court Is
not' a surprise to me," as I had doubts
about • the policy ; of • commencing pro
ceedings upon the proposed bond. issues
under the old : law Instead of waiting
for the charter . to ¦ go Into full ' effect.
However, > I ' supported^the propositions^
as I considered them all of a desirable
nature and some _ of great Importance.
. - it ';' Is • to be regretted that so . much
delay • has occurred before new steps
can' be taken in the same direction."
particularly In the case of I the school
and hospital buildings, which 1 the. city
needs very ' much. " I am almost In
clined to recommend that tho dollar
limitation In the : charter • be suspended,
so as* to have these much-needed school
houses and hospitals. Including a pest
house, built as urgent necessities un
der a special tax levy, . unless we can
hold : a' bond election and legally \ Issue
the ¦ bonds to-be available during the
next ; fiscal year.
.The* construction of - a sewer ' system
and * the -, extension ¦ of the v park pan
handle -will: have to be put before the'
people at another special election, as
neither, could 'be secured In any other.
«?.- F. ;; W. f DOHRMANN.
DOHRfllANN IS
NOT SURPRISED
}¦ In its opinion declaring the municipal bond election null and void, the Supreme Court holds that
the scheme provided by the charter for the creation of a bonded indebtedness, being materially different
from, the scheme provided by: th& park and. boulevard act, under 'which the election was held, a proceed
ing inuagurated under the one cannot be continued under the other. It is further held that the park
and boulevard act, a general law, was superseded by the charter and, so far as the city and county of San
Francisco is concerned, is no longer applicable. Hence, when the park and boulevard act was super
seded by the charter, at that moment the proceedings inaugurated under the provisions of*the act for the
acquisition of lands for park purposes and public utilities felL In conclusion the court holds, though
Justice Temple expresses some doubt on the point, that the charter provides a complete scheme for the
acquisition of lands, public utilities and other improvements. by the issuance of bonds, "and," says the
court, "JWe find a complete scheme laid down in the provisions of the charter to accomplish the same re
sults as those attempted' under the park and boulevard act."
. ' . : DECISION was handed down yes
f\ : terday by the Supreme Court ad
i==^\ judging the bond election, held In
¦"• 1S99, null and void. Un
der this decision ribt only, are the
time, energy and money expanded in com
pleting the preliminaries and carrying
through the election absolutely lost, but
the vast scheme of acquiring property for
the extension" of the Panhandle,' the con
nection of Golden Gate ¦ Park with the
Presidio, the acquisition of two blocks in
the Mission for park purposes, the con
struction of the projected sewer system
and the erection of through
out the" city have fallen. If these pro
posed improvements -are to be carried
through. by the city, the scheme for their
acquisition muEt rise from the ruins of
the effort that has failed, and must pro
ceed in'strict conformity with the' pro
visions of the charter.
The decision of the Supreme Court was
reached in the actions . instituted by
Eugene .' M. Fritz and Felix McHugh
against the city and 1 county of San
Francisco. The first -named - plaintiff
sought to enjoin the Board of Supervisors
and the Mayor from taking action in pur
suance of proceedings' previously ' in
augurated and having for their object the
issuance of bonds for the acquisition of
lands for park purposes from the proceeds
thereof. Th«' last named plaintiff sought
the 1 same remedy in relation to
the proposed - bond issue for the
construction of the projected' sewer
system and new schoolhouses. ;' It
was claimed! by both plaintiffs that
tho .bond J : election was Illegal -and
that bonds •issued ' thereunder;;, would
hence be null and"; void. -the Superior
Court demurrers : to the .complaints were
sustained pro * forma and on. the ruling
appeal was taken. In the decision of the
Supreme Court the judgment of the lower
tribunal \ is reversed and ¦ the causes re
manded. The decision, however, is final.
Number of Votes Required.
' After briefly reviewing . the issues in
volved in the. actions, the Supreme Court
passes directly to the point as to whether
it was necessary under the park . and
boulevard act for two-thirds of all the
qualified electors of the city and county
to vote In favor of the issuance of bonds
in" order to carry the same, or If the
votes of two-thirds. of those who actually
voted . were Sufficient to carry the meas
ure. That provision of the: act which
reads: "If at such an election two-thirds
of the Qualified electors voting assent to
the issuance of the bonds" • • • the
court' holds, "means exactly what it says,
and says only one thing," hence the vote
of two-thirds of these electors who ac
tually vote 'in favor of the measure is
sufficient to carry it.
Though the opinion of . the court . sup
ports the fact that a sufficient number of
the electors of the city and county voted
in favor of the measure to carry- the
same, this decision will only be of impor
tance in • future elections, for the. Court
proceeds from the favorable decision on
this point to tear apart the fabric woven
by counsellor, the city in support of the
legality of the. bond election. It says:
Proceeded Under General Law.
The proceedings taken by the city leading up
to the election here Involved, were had under
a general law, the decision reads. This elec
tion was held In the j latter part of the month
of , December, * 1899, " and the present ¦ charter
went ' Into ] effect. January 8, 1900. The ques
tion Is now presented.' What effect did the new
charter have upon the general law under which
these proceedings . were Inaugurated and con
ducted? •• '¦;.¦•
Condensing the matter " Into ' a nutshell, - it
maybe said the park and boulevard act pro
vided a. complete scheme for , the acquisition
of lands for park . and boulevard purposes ; by
the issuance of ' bonds, • the proceeds thereof , to
be ueed for . that purpose. Do we find. 'any
Temporarily Defeats Vast Scheme to bxtend the Panhandle,
Establish a Park in the Mission, Construct the Pro
jected Sewer System and Erect New School Buildings
SUPREME COURT DECIDES BOND
ELECTION WAS INVALIDATED BY
OPERATION OF THE NEW CHARTER
NEW YORK, April 3.— The Harri
man syndicate gave a practical
demonstration to-day that It con-
P trolled the Southern Pacific Com
pany, road and branch. The to
tai number of shares outstanding is 1,978,
233. There •were voted at the annual meet
ing to-day 1,7«,729 shares, of which E. H.
Harriman held proxies for 931,429 shares.
No opposition developed to the plan of
the controlling interest. An amendment
to the by-laws was passed increasing the
number of directors from twelve to fif
teen. The following new board was then
elected : E. I£. Harriman. Jacob H.
Schiff, George J. Gould, James Stillman,
Charles H. Tw*ed, Otto IL Kuhn, Charles
M. Hays. Edwiiv^ Hawley. James H. Hyde,
T. Jefferson Coolidge Jr., "Wlnslow S.
Pierce, J. W. Mackay, D. O. Mills, James
Bpeyer and H. E. Huntington.
The new men are T. Jefferson Coolidge
Jr. of Boston, George J. Gould, E. II.
Harriman, James Btillman, James H.
Hyde, Jacob H. Schiff and Otto H. Kuhn.
They are representatives of the Union
Pacific and the ' Harriman syndicate,
•which recently acquired the property.
New Board Organizes.
The election of George J. Gould to the
board was regarded with 'much interest
in Wall street in view of pending develop
ments in Gould properties in the South
west. Although a member of the Union
Pacific board and identified with the Har
riman syndicate until the present, It has
not been Gould's inclination to prominent
ly Identify himself with properties other
than those of the Gould system.
The new board met later In the day for
organization. Charles H. Tweed was re
elected chairman of the board of direc
tors, and the following executive commit-
tee was selected: George J. Gould, E. H.
Harriman, Edwin Hawley, Otto H. Kuhn,
Jacob H. Schiff. James Speyer and James
Stillman, with Charles H. Tweed ex-offl
cio. Harriman was elected chairman of
the executive committee. No other busl-
ness of public importance was transacted,
according to Chairman Tweed.
Gould's Selection Significant- >."
The Mail aafl Express, discussing
Gould's election to the Southern Pacific
board, gays:
"The election of Gould is» probably of
more significance from the poJnt of view
of possible developments In | the railroad
than that of any other director. His sys
tem Is la a sea«e Independent of the trans
continental lines, but in formulating what
has b«en termed the, "greater Missouri Pa
cific ej-stem' it is believed be will have to
complete ¦ scheme laid down In the provisions
of the charter to accomplish the same results?
The court Is entirely satisfied . that such a'
scheme* la there, found.
Charter. Supersedes Old Law.
\ The respective schemes of the charter and
the * park and ¦' boulevard " act " for ' the creation
of a. bonded indebtedness to acquire lrairove-
ENRAGED GREEKS SEEK
TO : TAKE -LIVES "OP JEWS
LONDON.'April '4.-^The Morning Leader
publishes ' - the - following dispatch * from
Vienna: At- Smyrna; on^the:strength"of
rumors : that 1 the"- Jews \'i had ?murdered a
Greek • lad ! % f or. ; ritual ~ 'purposes','? ten i thbu-"
sand -',. infuriated stormed?-' the
ghetto. >.The troops ' charged f the
mob -with ibayonels/^one person* being
killed " and i fourteen : others : wounded. '.• .--
REBELS STILL -MENACE
THE CITY OE PANAMA
Government Troops Find It Impossi
- ble : to - Do More Than Save
* '".> Themselves From Attack.
• KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 3.— Accord-
Ing to advices received here to-day from
Colon, Colombia, the rebels continue to
hold strong positions In the neighborhood
of the city of Panama. The attempts of
the Government troops to drive them out
have failed and the Government com
manders are now content to guard the
"city against attack.
The Liberals are confident of ultimate
success. Business of Important centers of
Colombia is still paralyzed.
DENOUNCE THE CLERGY
IM" VALPARAISO STREETS
Crowds March Through the South
American City and the Police
. Are Ordered Out.
VALPARAISO,' Chile, April 3.-An anti
clerical demonstration was made in the
streets of this city yesterday. A Spanish
drama, "El Retra," which caused riots
when it . was performed in Spain, was
to have been performed : here - yesterday.
Fearing an outbreak of feeling the Mayor
ordered the police to close the theater.
A large crowd gathered and marched
through the .streets uttering shouts
against the ¦ clergy. • * . . •
, The, Cabinet : crisis is still unsolved.'
The executive will meet with , great diffi
culty in organizing a Ministry r which will
satisfy ; the- liberal ' element ' ln^control in
Congress. . .
as proof that he will not reside in New
York. . Tweed is on this committee and it
is expected that at all ; meetings he will
represent the Huntington interests. ?" ;
H. E. Huntington has never expressed
himself to any of his friends in this city
as to whether he intended to make his
residence in New York. It is now ex
pected that ho will shortly return here,
and besides assisting in the operation of
the Southern Pacific i system, also look
after the street car systems that he is
heavily interested in, both in this city and
in Los Angeles. Huntington is also an
extensive holder of stock in*the'Pacific Im
provement Company and every indication
points to the fact that he will shortly re
turn to this city and permanently make
this his home. " . . '. . -*'.f.* 7
CAUSES SURPRISE HERE.
The Old-Timers Hope H.'E. Hunting-
ton "Will Return.'
A dispatch announcing the new director
ate of the Southern Pacific Company. was
received early yesterday afternoon in the
railroad building and in a short time was
public property. The make-up- of the
new board of directors was; a great sur
prise to all local officials, and much dis
cussion was indulged in as . to . the . new
plans of the company. Huntington w-.snot
expected to be a member of the board of
directors and now that he has received
this honor, news of the election of officers
of the Southern Pacific, which occurs to
day, is anxiously awaited by all local
railroad men, who wish to know if he
•will still hold a position as a vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company.
The selection of the board of directors is
looked upon as a very diplomatic one in
local railroad circles. The board, which
¦was formerly composed of twelve mem
bers, has been increased to fifteen. This
board can be safely described as repre
senting two interests. Seven of the
members are active Southern Pacific men,
their affiliations dating, back to the C. P.
Huntington regime. •¦ Seven represent the
Union Pacific Railroad.; and one uninter
ested person is selected to settle all dis
putes and controversies that may arise.
The , Southern Pacific members, of the
board are Charles H. Tweed (chairman),
Charles M. Hays, Edward Hawley. H. E.
Huntington, John W. Mackay.'D. O. Mills
and James Speyer. The Union Pacific
Railroad is represented by T. Jefferson
Coolidge. E. H. Harriman. James H.
Hyde, Otto H.Kuhn. Winslow S. Pierce.
Jacob Scheff and .James H. Stillman.
George J. Gould, the other member of the
board, is looked upon as the go-between,
or the man with the controlling vote.
It Is considered the strongest railroad
board in the world and each member is a
man of cither valuable railroad executive
ability or of very substantial I' financial
standing.. The executive board Is, com
posed of men who are residents .of. New
York and the fact that Hi E. Huntington
is not on this committee Is • looked- upon
make an alliance with rime of them. It
is not to be supposed from to-day's de
velopments that the" Missouri Pacific will
in the future use the Central Pacific from
Ogden to the coast. By the acquisition of
the Rio Grande Western and the Denver
and Rio Grande it now has a through line
from St. Louis to Ogden." ...
Celestial Empire Tries to
Keep on Friendly Terms
Witn All Rations.
PEKING, April 3.— The Chinese Govern
ment has formally notified . Russia .that
China, owing to V the attitude of the
powers, is not able to sign the Manchurian
convention. _/ ; :\
"It is China's desire," says the formal
notification, . "to keepVon friendly terms
with all nations. At present China Is go
ing through a period ' which is the most
perilous in the empire's history and it is
necessary 'that' she .should have the
friendship of all.. However much she
might be willing to grant any special
privileges to one power,' when j others ob
ject; it is impossible, for the sake of mak
ing one nation friendly, she should alien
ate the sympathies of fall . others."
' Li Hung Chang ; says I this ! letter settles
the matter definitely and that Russia was
irifor/nally notified to the same effect
March 29. ¦ iS-lv? 1
Prince Ching asserts that every China
man except Li Hung Chang was against
signing the convention. .-'V'
COMPLICATIONS PRDICTED.
It May Be Impossible for Russia to
. , Leave Manchuria.
WASHINGTON, . April \ 3.'— The St.
Petersburg dispatch to. the Associated
Press, printed this morning/ iiaa aroused
interest in official circles here. — ; For the
same reason that prevented the corre
spondent from quoting aHy3 authority in
the~Russlan Government aa;a : source of
the suggestion contained in ; his dispatch,
it is not possible to cite official authority
for the comment that has : been passed
here upon the, suggested . Russian plea.
This in , brief is that the action of the
powers in opposing the Manchurian agree
ment will make it impossible for Russia
• to Jeave Manchtfria* a t -4.1K ffiffij commen t
upon '¦ this suggested Tplea is" ; that Russia
deliberately proposes to commit a greater
, offense in the permanent seizure of Man
churia if the powers will not connive at a
lesser one in allowing her to make a secret
and private agreement with China. ' This
plea, it is said, would be laughed out of
any court of international law, so disin
genuous is it. Russia Is displeased be
cause the powers discouraged China from
signing the agreement, yet Russia herself
joined with the other powers in undertak
ing to avoid any. such private arrange
ment involving the acquisition of Chinese
territory. Even if she persists, even if
she forces China to sign the Manchurian
agreement^ there is no obligation upon
the powers and certainly not upon the
United States, to whom this Russian
pledge was given, to look upon it as. bind
ing at any point. By the same reasoning
should Russia, failing to secure an agree
ment, continue in Manchuria beyond a
reasonable time, there is no obligation
upon any power to respect her title and
it may be predicted that this subject will
lead to controversy of the gravest char
acter. .' ' .
THREATS NOT EXECUTED.
Russia's Failure to Intimidate China
Is a Hopeful Sign.
LONDON, April 4.— In a dispatch to the
Times from Peking, dated Tuesday. Dr.
Morrison : says : »
"A week has elapsed, but Russia has
done nothing to carry her threats into
execution.' Li Hung Chang "continues
vainly to implore the court to modify
its decision not to sign the Manchurian
convention, but in view of the attitude
of -the country it is hardly possible that
China would sign unless Russia materially
abates her demands.
"This remarkable stand "is a hopeful
sign of vitality and should affect _ favor
ably the whole course of the negotiations,
if the powers seize" the opportunity to
quicken the pace."
PTJBSUIT OF BOBBERS.
Company of Germans Defeats a Band
Near 'Tientsin.
BERLIN, April \ 3.— The ( War Office has
received; a dispatch' from. Count von Wal
dersee formally^' reporting" the. defeat,-
March .- 31,'- of a thousand Chinese robbers
by a company of Germans; seven miles
north of Tientsin.' 'He adds that the rob
bers are being pursued arid also that a
detachment of Infantry, at-the request of
the Chinese local authorities, has been
sent from Tientsin to Hwangsun and Liu
tingkau to protect the Inhabitants from
robbers. \-
NO PEACEABLE SETTLEMENT.
Viceroy Disturbed by.a-Communica-
; tion. ; From • tho . Court.
' ; CANTON, .'April " 3.— It ;¦ is reported here
that the .Viceroy, has | received ¦ a telegram
from the court , to the effect that a peace
able settlement 1 of * affairs • is impossible.
The '¦* Viceroy,; is described » as '.being: i much
disturbed at: this communication; •
Nofflcapn Is Sent
Russia Regarding
Manchuria.
CHINA'S FLAT
REFUSAL TO
SIGN TREATY
SAN FRANCISCO, ; THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1903 .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallFREUD SEES TWO :
VALUABLE POINTS
Two ' valuable , points .are ' annbuncod '
in the. decision of the.. Supreme. Court '
upon the validity of .the. proposed ' bond \
issues: First, j the charter .is supreme '
as against any law inconsistent there- : ,
with. Second, the provisions of. the; .
charter embrace a complete and perfect ¦
scheme for the issuance of bonds for (•
public improvements. Ths road is '
therefore clear for immediate action on' '
the part of the electors of Sari Fr4n-
CisCO. V i ,: •' ¦ '¦ ¦ • \ , '
In accordance with article XII t of '
the charter, a special election • for the \
if euance of municipal bonds may -be |
held within the next fifty days by , the ,
passage of a suitable . ordinance by the" ,
Board of Supervisors and. -its legal pub- ,
lication. It is certain that the citi- .
zens of this city will avail themselves •
of this privilege..
No" further education on these ques- '
tions will be required. With practical '
unanimity. the voters ratified the propo- '
eltlons to issue bonds for new school'
buildings, a hospital and" to complete '
the drainage system. The . vote upon ¦
these subjects .will be again , unani
mous. A full two-thirds vote was se- .
cured before in favor of the Park Pan
handle. The voters will again have
an opportunity to express themselves
separately ,on this topic.— J. RICHARD
FREUDl ••tvr^v '
Financier Morgan Off to Europe.
NEW YORK, April 3.— J. Pierpont Mor
gan sailed for Europe' to-day on the
steamship Teutonic.
LANSING. Mich., April 3.— The case of
ex-Attorney General Maynard. who was
indicted ,by the Grand Jury of Ingham
County on a charge of falsifying pay rolls
in his office", was thrown out of court by
Judge Weist to-day on the ground that
the statute provides as to what shall be
considered public money and also desig
nates the officers who shall receive and
disburse the same. The court stated that
the indictment should have been brought
for fraud in order to hold.
Defect in the Indictment.
countered in the mountains snow to the
depth of twelve to fifteen inches, which
was so wet and clinging that snowplows
could not clear the tracks. For a time it
was feared there would be a blockade on
both the Pennsylvania aiid Baltimore and
Ohio roads, but to-night all trains are
getting through, but not on schedule time.
The Western Union and Postal Telegraph
companies suffered ¦ heavily.
As Mr. Moore was a man of extraord
inary mechanical ability he was invalu
able to our pioneer miners and to all en
gaged in industrial pursuits requiring ma
chinery. The early development o* the
Pacific Coast led to some very bold engi
neering propositions, and no one here dvd
more toward the attainment of successful
results than Joseph Moore.
Among Mr. Moore's inventions was the
Bagasse feeders and furnace for sugar
mills for burning, "trash" direct from the
rolls, and these are still used. He made
a practical success of hydraulic pumping
on the Comstock after all other systems
had failed.
Mr. Mcore built the first hydraulic ele
vator or passenger hoist and much other
hydraulic machinery, and In recognition
of his work in this branch of mechanics
the Royal Society of Engineers of Great
Britain awarded him a special gold medal.
He also built the first tangential dis
charge waterwheel, from which afterward
was evolved what is now known as the
Pelton wheel. He had an aversion to tak
ing out patents. He did, however, patent
among other things ¦ a differential
hydraulic valve gear which is used on all
classes of hydraulic . work as well as by
the Crane & Otis Elevator Company,
which bought it from Mr. Moore.
Mr. Mcore leaves four sons and two
daughters. In the education ¦ of his sons
he adopted a different course than is
usual. They were first made to learn a
trade and "subsequently sent to the Uni
versity of- California. The eldest son,
Andrew, is and has been for years man
ager of the Paauhau .plantation in Ha
waii, and the youngest son, Joseph, is as
sistant superintendent. The second son,
Robert, is manager of the Risdon Iron
Works of this city, and the third son,
Ralph, is manager of the Spreckels sugar
refinery at the Potrero. Mr. Moore leaves
a large fortune, consisting mainly of busi
ness property, all located in San Fran
cisco. . *^L»": -; .""¦•:•->. *''.-
THE LATE JOSEPH MOORE, WHO
DIED IN LONDON A FEW DATS
AGO. -
final meeting to-night between the repre
sentatives of the, 6000 .miners -in the In
diana fields and the Ooerators the miners
surrendered to the operators On. the clalnvs
for the purchase of powder and the threat
ened strike is averted. . : .,-¦_ .•. u ,:.; ;J ,'
. By the agreement the miners for a year
must buy their powder from the operators
at $1 <a instead of m the open market.
This rule prevails In Ohio :¦ and ¦ Illinois.
There Is much bitterness among the milt?
ers, who are divided Into two factions on
the proposition. . The miners will resume
at once.
Representatives of Six Thousand De
cide to Submit to Conditions • >
Imposed hy the Operators. •>
.TERRE HAUTE. Ind".;, April 3.— At a
MINERS IN INDIANA.
WILL HAVE NO STRIKE
COPENHAGEN, April 4.— The elections
to the Folkething have - resulted " In L a'
sweeping victory for the > opposition and
an overwhelming defeat for the Govern
ment. Of = the: 110 constituencies ¦ from
which complete i returns have been re •
ceived the opposition, ¦ composed of -:¦ ': the
Leftists • and Reformists, -' nave '"• carried
73, the Moderate Leftists '. 15, * the Social
Democrats 14, and the Rightists or Mln •
lsterialists 8. The few seats that remain
are doubtful ; or. will call for second : bal
lot-;./ •¦..¦:----¦¦ ¦ ¦: -•¦ -¦-¦<¦>¦ ;L.*<:y- '¦.'¦ -:.;-.;^v
Among those re-elected are -Dr. Hoegs
bro,. president of. the Folkething. and -Dr.
Albert!, ' Attorney . General. The defeated
candidates include Dr. Krabbe, formerly
president of the Folkething; Dr., r Scha
venius, • former - Minister - of * Public *• Wor -
ship ; Minister ' of -.the * Interior . Bramsen,
and r Knudsen, =¦ : the . socialist > leader.:. v Of
Copenhagen's thirteen divisions only one
returned a Conservative. • •
LONDON, April 4.— The Statist will say
next Saturday: The action." of Mr. .Gage,
Secretary of the United States Treasury,
In buying bonds was influenced by his de
sire to prevent any acute pressure for
money in New York at a time when the
German loan : was on . the point of ." issue
and when a British loan of £60,000,000 had
to be financed. ' • . '.*.,-'" .'
There is little doubt that were mofcey In
New York to become stringent it would
have a very adverse effect upon the Brit
ish and German money markets," as it
would mean that . instead . of t- further
amounts of American money ..being em
ployed in London and Berlin and facilitat
ing the issue of loans, a portion of ' that
already here to American credit might be
called in. ¦ • ¦ • ¦¦'.-.' , "--:¦ -
DEFEAT , FOB. GOVERNMENT ",
IN DANISH ELECTIONS
PURCHASE OF BONDS
r: 4?.; /AVERTS MONEY PRESSURE
tion of the Secretary of the
Treasury. ; hi '
Statist Assigns a Reason for the Ac-
Justice Temple is the. only member of
the court that expresses any doubt of thu
right to acquire lands for park purposes,
but his opinion may have greater weigh*:
In event the Supreme Court Is ever called
upon to decide the legality of a bond
election held under the provisions -of the '
charter. '
Upon the question of the validity of the
bond election held for the purpose of se
curing funds for the erection of school
houses and the construction of a- new
sewer system an dpinion by the entire
court states that upon the authority of
the decision in the park and- panhandle
case the judgment, as in the -other, case; ¦
is reversed and the cause remanded.
The plaintiffs in both actions were rep
resented by Attorneys Arthur H. Barendt
and Charles E. Naylor, and the city and
county -was represented by City Attorney
Lane and Garret W. McEnerney.
SANTA ANA, April 3.-Mlss Lizzie Tur- ;
ner, daughter of J. A. Turner, ex-cashier
of the First National Bank, fired three
shots at a burglar at 3 o'clock this morn
ing, but her aim was wild, none of the
shots taking effect. Three residences
were entered during the night by the
burglars, and at four others the thieves
were frightened away before entrailce >
was effected. No booty was obtained at
any of the places entered.-'.
Thieves Enter Numerous Residences,
but Pail to Attain Any
Loot.
Moses Dillon of El Paso Must Answer
to Charges That He Solicited
Funds.
El* PASO, Tex., April 3.— As a result of
an investigation by the United States
Commissioner here Collector of Customs
Moses Dillon was bound over .to the Fed
eral Grand Jury In the sum of $500. The
charge against him is one ' of several
wherein it is alleged that he solicited and
received campaign funds from . his sub
ordinates.
Recent dispatches from Washington an
nounce that the Civil Service Commis
sioner has recommended to the depart
ment the removal from oflice of Collector
Dillon and two border guards.
SANTA ANA MISS FIRES -^
THRICE AT A BURGLAR
This dispute and the consequent idleness
of the miners threaten to have a dis
astrous effect upon Scotch trade. Iron
furnaces and steelmakers are closing to
night In several st-jel centers. Coal in
Glasgow rose 6. cents .per .ton to-day. The
struggle is likely to be prolonged.
GRAND JUBY- 'WILL DEAL
.i'.JvWJLTH CUSTOMS " COLLECTOR,
gow and the Trade May Be
Greatly Damaged.
< GLASGOW. April S.— At a conference of
the Lanarkshire coal masters held this
afternoon it was decided to refuse the en
gine men any concessions and a strike is
SCOTCH COAX MIJTEBS \
GAIN NO CONCESSIONS
Great Strike Is Anticipated in Glas-
SUISUJC. April 3.— Coroner J. J. Mc-
Donald went to Davisville yesterday and
held an Inquest over the body of Mrs. J.
A. Woodman, who was shot and instantly
killed there last Friday evening by her
husband. But two witnesses— Dr. Bates,
who performed the autopsy, and Consta
ble Johnson of Davisville, to whom Wood
man surrendered himself— were called to
testify before the jury which the Coroner
Impaneled. Dr. Bates said he was called
on the evening: of the tragedv by "Wood
man, who said he had shot his wife and
feared he had killed her. She was dead
•when the doctor arrived at the house.
Woodman was filled with remorse and as
serted that he had no desire to do his wife
injury. Later Constable Johnson arrived
at the house and placed Woodman under
arrest. Before both the doctor and the
officer Woodman again disclaimed any in
tention or desire to harm his wife.
The Jury brought in a verdict to the
effect that Mrs. Woodman came to her
death by a shotgun wound inflicted acci
dentally by J. A. Woodman.
Tinds That the Shooting of Mrs.
Woodman by Her Husband
Was Accidental.
JURY'S PECULIAR VERDICT
AT DAVISVILLE INQUEST
of 'Erysipelas.
Captain D. E. Frlele, one. of the best
known and most popular officers of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, lies in
a precarious condition In his room at the
Palace Hotel. About a week ago Cap
tain Friele became sick and was confined
to his rooms, erysipelas set. in and early
this morning he was very low. The doc
tors hold out a small. hope of the Invalid's
recovery. :
Captain Friele holds the important posi
tion of captain of the port for the Pacific
Mail Comoany. He has been in the ser
vice of the company for thirty-six years
and is one of the oldest officers of the cor
poration. He .was the captain of the
steamship China for several years; he also
ran on the Panama line.
Captains Friele is 56 years of age and is
a native of New York.
Steamship Company a Victim
CAPTAIN FRIELE HT
CRITICAL CONDITION
Popular Officer of the Pacific Mail
Again, it Is plain that the notice to electors
actually eriven for this election was not the
notice demanded by the charter, and no issue
of bonds under the provisions of the charter
can be valid which has not the pupport of an
election held under a notice specifying in sub
stance all matters designated In section 9 of
article XII of the charter. The notice relied
on in this case did not comply with the pro
visions of that, section, and, therefore, no issue
of bonds by the city and county of San Fran
cisco" based upon an election held- under some
other notice will . be valid. .. ...-_
This opinion was written by.. Justice
Garoutte and was concurred in by Jus
tices Henshaw, McFarland/ Van Dyke
and Harrison. 1 -Justice Temple Wrote the
concurring opinion, reaching -the same
conclusion, but on slightly different
grounds. Justice Temple states in his
opinion that he understands that the park
and bo'ulevard act was relied upon be
cause the city authorities were of the
opinion that the" charter of Itself did not
authorize the purchase, of lands for park
purposes. "And," says Justice Henshaw.
' 'since the charter specifies a great many
public municipal improvements which tho
Supervisors and the Board of Public
Works may acquire, and does not specify
parks and boulevards, there Is some
ground for such belief \r'*i .'¦-;« « :
Notice Was Not Sufficient.
electors the matter of the ' creation of a
bonded indebtedness • for the purpose of
the "acquisition of any permanent mu
nicipal .rbuildJng •- or 'improvement'-^ the
court says: . j; - 4 ... ¦¦¦".:
The court Is satisfied that" the acquisition of
these lands for park purposes, by the city
would be an acquisition by the city and county
cf a permanent municipal Improvement within
the spirit and Intent of the charter. If Golden
Gate Park may be designated as a permanent
municipal improvement of the city and county
of San Francisco then the extension of that
park by way of boulevards -to the military
reservation and to Van Ness avenue are Im
provements of . a like character. ; It. Is thug
apparent that the acquisition of this property
b} the city and county Is authorized by the
charter quoted, wherein the power to acquire
permanent municipal improvements is granted.
After pointing- out the material differ
ences between the provisions ¦ of the park
and boulevard act and the charter in re
latlon to the manner in which bonds may
be issued the court concludes its opinloi;
by saying:
The scheme provided by the charter for the
creation of a bonded indebtedness beine ma
terially different from the scheme provided by
the park and boulevard act for the creation of
a bonded Indebtedness, a proceeding inaugu
rated v.nder the one scheme cannot be con
tinued under the other. When the first scheme
lai'ed the proceeding failed. When the law
was superseded that moment the proceeding
fell. .. __ :-i':';
PITTSBURG, April 3.— Pittsburg was to
day the center of a snowstorm that began
early in the morning arid continued with
great force until after noon, doing thou
sands of dollars* worth of jj damage. It
rendered practically useless for the time
every, electric light wire. In the city, sus
pended all street car; travel and" in the
early, hours Isolated the city from 'the out
side world./ A 1 heavy rain - fell before the
storm came and all reports from up-river
points tell of rising streams which may
bring about a flood here and below.
The losses cannot be fixed- to-night, but
conservative estimates place ¦ the amount
at between $260,000 and $300,000. Telegraph
and telephone companies are the heaviest
losers by reason' of the fact that their
lines reach every part of the storm dis
trict. ' . '.¦•¦-
Early In the morning a heavy wet snow
began falling. It clung to everything it
touched and by 9 o'clock all the wires in
the city were coated .with. snow. ;, The
trunk lines of the central , district : were
the . first to fall and ¦ most of the • other
troubles that followed . are attributed to
the failure of. this service. On Ellsworth
avenue, from Anderson avenue to Craig
street, the wreck is complete, every pole
being down.' •-..', ;^:.»;^^v:;i.-v V :
' Cars Caught in the Snow..
Five Consolidated ? cars were caught In
this district and were held there until aft
er 9 o'clock to-night.' Center avenue; from
Pennsylvania avenue • to : Craig street, is
in almost as. bad condition" as 'Ellsworth.'
Forbes - avenue, from ' Craft avenue to
Craig street, and Grantstown "avenue for
a long distance are massed with poles and
wires. -.;These streets were blocked from 9
o'clock until 1:30 p. m. - Not a car moved
east of Brad*- street. -Travel was resumed
on the Fifth avenue line at 1:30, the. other
branches following rapidly -.until all ex
cept the Ellsworth avenue line .were open
by 5 p. m.. The telephone company have a
large force at. work and- say they .will be
i in operation within a - day or two. - To
night, however, at * least a half of .-: their
telephones are out of communication.
Damage in" Small .Towns. ,
. The ' storm passed - eastward and . all of
the suburban • towns in that district suf
fered." Wllkensburg, Braddock, .Home
; stead, i Ducuesne and McKeesport - ! all re
port business at a standstill for. a, portion
of the day. :-¦* • ; . .."•". '¦•-•. v--' ;•¦ r
. ¦ Allegheny = escaped • with ¦ comparatively
little damage. A landslide at the head' of
Federal .street; .which, brought, tons V of
earth to the street, covering the car tracks
to a depth of five feet,. was the worst that
happened there.'v .:/ -V * - "-.-, ¦'->¦-•¦
Mount-Washington and the -other, hill
tops suffered severely. -. All' railroad trains
from the ? East are" hours late; having en-
Property Worth Thousands
of Dollars Damaged
in Pittsburg.
' : I.:'' - '-'¦ ¦ „¦' ' : "¦
RUINOUS SlOW
WRECKS WIRES
. -i-|- OSEPH MOORE, who died in Lon-
\ r I- don on. March 31, : ' was a California
¦ 1 pioneer; ,whot did 1 as much for the
(\J/ ; advanpemeht lot the ; mechanical in
dustries as any man'who ever came
to this State. - Mr.. Moore was a native of
Preston Pans, near Edlngurgh, Scotland,
who came; around Cape Horn. in the ship
Ajax, landing in San Francisco | in Sep
tember, 1849. -Mr. Moore afterward mar
ried Miss Annie , Castle, : one of the pas
sengers on the Ajax. On his arrival he
at once entered the service of the Pacific
Mail Steamship^ Company and after a few
trips to Panama as chief engineer was
appointed builcLer and superintendent of
the repair shops at Benicia for the same
company. He was subsequently appointed
superintendent of the Vulcan Iron, Works
in this city, at that time the largest foun
dry and machine shop on this coast.
• In 1869, when the . Risdon. Iron Works
started, Mr. Moore was selected as gen r
eral manager, remaining in that position
until 1882, when he retired, his health be
ing impaired from overwork. Shortly
after that he took up his residence in
Londonronly making occasional visits to
this country to see his sons.
pany filed articles of incorpora«ion to-day.
The company purposes to build a line from
Dubuque south, probably to the Paclfl3
Coast. The lneorporators are Iowa men.
DtJBXJQTJB, Iowa. .April/ 3.— The Chica
go, Dubuciue and Pacific /Railroad Com-
MAY BUILD A LINE
TO THE WESTERN" COAST
to-day. His attorney, A. A. Mendenhall,
announced that the prisoner would waive
examination and Thatcher was bound over
in $10,000 bail to answer to the Grand Jury.
The Mercer Heirs' Asscciatlon, of which
Thatcher is the agent, was represented
at the hearing. Secretary Snyder states
that the association will back Thatcher;
that they believe the three notes were
genuine and that they were given by Mr.
Mast because he could not pay in cash
the balance of the $600,000 which he se
cured from the Mercer Heirs' Association.
Mast, was arraigned in the Police Court
W. Thatcher, charged -with forging notes
to the amount of $300,000 on the late P. -P.
George Thatcher Must Answer for
Alleged Crime Involving Three
Hundred Thousand Dollars.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, April 3.— George
CHARGES OF FOBGERY
FOB THE GBAUD JUBY
•work- in connection with the Charing
Cross and Hampstead underground rail
road. He sails from Southampton for
New York April 5 /on the steamship
Deutschland and will pick up his family
at Cherbourg on th© way to the United
States.
Yerkea astounded his English conferees
by his ' energy, as a result of which he
has accomplished more in a few weeks'
stay than they supposed was possible in
as many months.
"I am not surprised at Mayor Harri
son's re-election in Chicago." he said to
night, "but I have given little attention
to anything else than to my. own affairs
since landing in England. The election of
Tom Johnson as Mayor of Cleveland ought
to result in gt>od, but business and not
politics is interesting me now. I have
nothing to say in regard to rumors of
my connection with the district under
ground just now. It is only necessary to
state that I am contented witn my work
on the Charing Cross and the Hampstead
Railroad and am leaving all other Ideas
Railroad Magnate Completes His
First Year's "Work in London
and Is Well Pleased.
LONDON, April 3.— Charles Yerkes has'
completed the preliminaries of hia year's
BR-ITO1TS AitTi aiwa Tram
AT ENERGY OF TEHEES
MOST REV. JOHN TRAVER LEWIS METROPOLITAN OF THE'- EPISCO-,
PAL CHURCH FOR CANADA, WHO IS VERY ILL AT NEW YORK
AND REPORTED TO BE SLOWLY DYING.
try. This is the Most Rev. John Travers
Lewis, Lord Archbishoo of Ontario and
metropolitan of Canada, who is 111 at tue
Hotel Empire in this citwar.d whose con
dition is very serions. In fact, it has re
cently been reported that Bishop- Lewis'
life is slowly ebbing away.
NEW YORK, April 3.— Eyes of lead
ing -Episconaliana ' : over all New
England and all over the coun
try, in fact, have been focused
the past few days upon the con
dition of the most Drcminent churchman
of their denomination now in this cou.'i-
SUPREME COURT DECIDES BOND ELECTION WAS
INVALIDATED BY OPERATION OF THE NEW^CHARTER
Continued Prom Page One.
Many Sick Soldiers-
.WASHINGTON,; April 3,— General ¦ Mac-
Arthur^ cables ; that , the * number /of sick
soldiers 4n the Philippines is ; 2S33 in hos
pital; and 908 in quarters,- the : percentage
being 6.89. ; ' ,:. - ¦ ,,,¦¦-
I j MANILA;' April 3.— Aguinaldo' is prepar
ing, a manifesto calling an end to the war.
The proclamation 7 of peace is expected by
June, but -the matter is' being kept' quite
secret ,by. the authorities, who are await
ing further 'developments.- . - ; .-- ¦ .•
There - is every Indication that ¦ Agui
naldo is sincere ' In ; the course he ha3
adopted/: although hitherto he • has shown
himself to be misguided and unscrupulous.
Aguinaldo Preparing Manifesto Call
" ing (ffi the ; Struggle. ;
Thinks Americans So Fair That He
Desires to Visit Them.
MANILA, April 3.— Chief Justice Arel
lano, who administered to Aguinaldo the
oath of allegiance to the United States
Government, described s to-day the in
cidents .leading up to and attending tne
ceremony, which was semi-private. Aguin
aldo, still- detained in an apartment of
the Malacanan - Palace and awaiting or
ders from Washington, had expressed
himself as anxious to learn more regard
ing the American system of government,
and had asked Chief Justice Arellano to
enlighten him. ,The Chief Justice care
fully explained' the various measures
passed by the Philippine Commission and
showed . him what provisions were made
for education and progress and for. mu
nicipal and provincial self-government.
Listening with deep Interest Aguinaldo
finally exclaimed:'
•'.'I never believed- the Americans would
be so -'fair 'and liberal." . ¦ " : . •-
3 Before the conversation ! had ended he
had agreed to take the oath of allegiance,
and this was immediately administered.
Senor. Arellano says: ,
"Aguinaldo's 'action will induce all the
insurgents to surrender, . and I predict
that the islands will be completely pacified
by June. Aguinaldo Is eager to visit the
United States, but when I questioned him
on the subject of holding office- he replied
that he had no desire in that direction and
intended to retire to private life after a
trip to America.'/ -. ¦ - • ¦ ¦
It Is', reported here this evening that
President McKinley has invited Aguin
aldo to visit the : United States arid that
the former insurgent leader may. sail from
Manila April ¦ 15. General MacArthur,
when - questioned regarding the rumor,
said he had absolutely nothing to com
municate.
PEACE EXPECTED I1TJTJNE.
INVESTIGATING THE FRAUDS.
Mac Arthur , Say's Commissary Scan
. dal Is Exaggerated..
-.¦WASHINGTON, April 3.—The following
cablegram •'. was^ ¦ received to-day at the
War ¦Depa'rtment from General Mac-
Arthur fit Manila:
Brigadier.^ General Robert P. Hughes reports
the surrender '•¦ at Banga, Northwest Panay,
March 31, of' SO officers, 185 men, 105 rifles.
GeneralosKobbe 1 reports # 21- men and 21 guns
surrendered Match 31 in* Northern Mindanao.
Commissary"f rauds being Investigated; not,
sufficient gravity to cause concern; apparentf*
ly'.due to irregularity in sales of savinga.V
Press reports inexact and misleading.
£. . . • < ,r" MACARTHUR. %
General?'^MacArthur's dispatch, as well
as 'other information received concerning
the frauds, leave considerable doubt as to
the exact character of these alleged pecu
lations. General MacArthur speaks of
"sales." These sales consist of savings
by the soldiers on < the regular ration is
sued, which they are allowed to dispose
of for their own benefit. • Generally the
savings are made a company matter and
are disposed of in bulk to the highest
bidder. .They may be returned to the
commissary department and bought in by
the Government.at cost prices, but there
is no reason why, they should not be sold
elsewhere if the managers of the com
pany funds should so desire. .. As army
rations, do not pay the • usual duty im
posed on similar, goods used for private
consumption, the soldiers • could" ¦ make
quite a profit on their -savings if they
¦were of considerable amount. Sales from
commissary stores, not including 'the reg
ular ration, are made to officers and men,
but onlyupon a certificate or declaration
that they are for the personal use of the
purchaser. ; It is - said that no great
amount of such sales could be used by
any person or persons without detection..
Officers or men -purchasing such stores
and reselling them would be guilty of viO'.
lating the army regulations and would be
subject to court-martial. As to the other
savings, there are upon the regular ra
tions issued to each company. They
might be in flour, meat, sugar or any
number of staple articles-included in the
ration. - The money procured from the
sale of such savings is usuaJly devoted
to the. purchase of such supplies as are
not included in the ration and many deli
cacies and varieties of food are thus I se
cured; by the man in garrison or camp.
AGUnSTAlLDO COlTVEItTED.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 % G , STREET, N.
TV., WASHINGTON, April ,3.—If-.;.AguI
naldo succeeds in bringing aWbut the sur
render of. General^ i.Alejandrino and
other insurgent * leaders .he : will X>e
paroled, 7with the city, x>f 'Manila as the
limits of his liberty.'; Some. officials of. the
War Department f a'yor going even far
ther. They suggestv that ' General Mac-
Arthur's dispatches 'show that Aguinaldo
has J been ill ai&vised ! concerning , America
and the American Government, and that
the interests of ,the - United. States; as well
as those of the Philippines, would be best
served by bringing : him ,to the United
States. , This suggestion has not: been"
adopted, however.. ¦-;. . . . &
The department la, waiting to see Agui
naldo carry out the proposals he made, to
which GeneralrMacArth>ur. referred in his
dispatch to the Wari" Department yester
day, before' modifying- the instructions
sent on Saturday. > These instructions re
quire that the Filipino, leader be kept in
confinement, for the -present and allowed
communication' with only -those persons
whose loyalty- is unquestionable, and -with
others under the supervision of General
Mac Arthur. '¦ ¦¦¦:¦¦_ •¦ .*..' . •• .
When given -liberty Aguinaldo will . be
under, the surveillance of detectives, and
if he should try to leave the city or vio
late his oath of ; allegiance he will be ar
rested and, tried by. court-martial. , . '.
Military authorities in Manila are sedu
lously keeping before -Aguinaldo the pos
sibility that he. will be tried for violation
of . the rules. of /war should he fail to act
in with the wishes of the
Government.-; So the administration con
fidently expects that he will issue within
a few days the manifesto to the Filipino
people to which General ]\IacArthur re
ferred in his dispatch of Saturday. Agui
naldo. Is expected also to get into com
munication with, insurgent leaders still in
the field and urge them to surrender and
acknowledge American supremacy. With
the leaders disposed of, the disposal of
the remaining, insurgents will not be diffi
cult. The, effect of Aguinaldo's capture
continues to be shown' by additional sur
renders-of insurgents. •, . ¦ j ;'. : *~
Before Gaining Fayor He
Must' Induce insurgent
Cnieis, to Surrender. )
Special Dispatch to The Call.
May Be Paroled But
Kept IfMer Close
Surveillance,
ACUINALDO
IS INVITED
TO AMERICA
"The triple alliance is closely bound up
with the commercial conventions of three
partners,' conventions which at present
are favorable to Italian trade in Ger
many and Austria-Hungary; but Italy will
apparently find considerable difficulty in
getting those countries to renew such ar
ticles in the commercial conventions as
favor the import of Italian products.
Therefore, with a view of widening her
commercial and improving her political
relations with France, Italy may decline
to renew certain clauses of the contract
bearing upon her military and other con
tributions. Any such relief to Italy's ob
ligations must necessarily be adding to the
military position of France in Europe. .
"Thus." concluded the diplomat, "while
the meeting of M. Loubet and the Duke
of Genoa, together with the Franco-Ital
ian naval demonstration, must ' not be
taken as a prelude to the withdrawal of
Italy from the triple alliance, yet it may
herald a noteworthy modification of the
international situation. We do not wish
for a written convention with Italy. We
believe the re-establishment of thoroughly
sympathetic relations between the two
people will prove of greater worth than
any existing treaties." * - -
Improvement of Trade Assured.
"The great significance of the coming
event lies in the ract that it indicates that
tne irritation felt ny.luuy_towara .flrance,..
which was arousea by ttieFrencn occu
pation of Tunis, and wmch, rankling in
the minds of Italian. statesmen, has uone
to much to injure our mutual. relations,
is now entirely removedv giving piace to
a desire of a" better understanding be
tween France and Italy. . "-¦• -.":*'•' . s ¦ ¦¦:'
"We shall now be able to discuss" the
questions that are pending between the
two countries, notably the political situ
ation in the Mediterranean, with a better
disposition on both sides and a brighter
prospect of a satisfactory understanding.
The commercial convention concluded last
year was an Important factor in bringing
about this feeling between the peoples
themselves. A great improvement in our
mutual trade has resulted from that con
vention. Silk firms in Lyons and other
manufacturers in the southeastern dis
tricts of France have established branches
and now maintain close business relations
with Milan and other towns in Northern
Italy. Commercial houses in these latter
cities have made similar extensions to
Lyons and other French trade centers.
"As a result there has been a revival of
appreciation in Italy of the importance
of the French market. The invasion of
North Italy by the Germans, who, in cer
tain branches of industry, especially those
requiring highly scientific methods, have
been crowding the Italians out of their
own markets, has engendered jealousy
and been instrumental in directing the at
tention of the Italian business community
toward France.
Enmity Will Disappear.
cemonstration at Toulon does not imply
that at all. We have no reason to expect
that Italy will detach herself* from the
triple alliance. On the contrary, we have
every reason to expect that she, will re^
new her adhesion. ;.: Y:;
PARIS. April 3.— The Franco-Italian
fetes r.t Toulon next week are now the
chief topic of interest In the French press,
and the subject is much discussed In po
litical and 'diplomatic circles. ¦ Spectacu
larly the festivities will be very brilliant,
Ti hiie it is generally conceded that the oc
casion will rank as one of the most his
toric events since the Franco-Russian
demonstration at the same. port. " ': ,
Although there is no question of an al
liance between the two countries, yet the
meeting of President Loubet and the Duke
of Genoa will be an incident of the first
value, because it will officially mark the
opening of a new era of good feeling be
tween France and Italy.
"France is not seeking an alliance with
Italy," said a French diplomat who is in
close touch with thejomcial relations of
the two countries. "The Franco-Italian ;
Victor Emanuel Is Faithful to /Triple
Alliance, but Difficulties With,
the Northern Neighbor '
Are Ended. ¦ * ¦* "^~
Great Fetes at Toulon Will
Mark a New Era of
Good Feeling.
ITALY'S ACTION
THRILLS FRANCE
CALL. -BUREAU. H06 G STREET. N.
W.. 'WASHINGTON. April 3.— Colombia
has demanded of the United States the
recognition of the principle of neutrality
In the agreemsnt she hopes to reach with
this country contemplating its completion,
of the Panama canal.
This condition is included in a memor
andum submitted by Minister Sllva to Sec
retary Hay. embodying the terms upon
which his Government is willing to trans
fer the canal to the United States. J. F.
Ford, consulting engineer of the Colom
bian Government and attache of the Co
lombian legation, made this authoritative
statement this afternoon regarains tho
terms offered the United Statps:
"The proposition made by Colombi i
amounts to something like the transfer or
a house in which there is a tenant. Th j
rights of the tenant are guaranteed witn
certain reservations and they must be re
spected. Colombia must have an interest
in the future tolls of the canal which shaM
be more than. or. at least, eauivalent co.
what she would receive under the eonces
slon held by the Panama Canal Company.
Hence the capital cost of the construc
tion of the canal will not be affected oy
any financial agreement Colombia mlarnt
wish to make respecting the future. Tne
capital cost of construction of the canal
will not be Increased over the estimate of
cost fixed by the American Isthmian Canal
Commission. _¦*'-:'¦
"Colombia offers to the United States
control and operation of the canal, possi
bly in perpetuity. The United States must
guarantee Colombia's political sovereignty
over the terrjtory now Included in the
Department of Panama. Colombia re
quires at present an observance of th j
principle of general neutrality as proviu
ed for in the Clay ton-Bui wer treaty, whici
she will not discuss, but which she doea
not in any way wish to violate. A careful
reading of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty will
show that It is strictlv lim»ed to a pro
hibition against eith-r the United State*
or Great Britain ever controlling or owr.
ingr the Nicaragua canai, which is specifi
cally mentioned in every article except the
eighth. The eighth article establishes tho
general principle of the neutrality of any
canal and then mentions the possibility
of the construction of a canal, either at
Panama or Tehuantepec. thereby further
showing the limitation of the previous ar
ticles.
"Colombia makes an absolutelv squars
business proposition which In every war
is feasible and advantageous to the United
States. The rights of the French com
pany must be respected as far as they g:>
and whatever they may be. In case tho
United States should come to an agree
ment with Colombia it vni be able to treat
with the French company for the acquisi
tion of its property and the French com
pany will receive permission of Colombia,
to negotiate with the "United States, which
at present Is prohibited under Its conces
sion." v ;¦-
Present Owners of the Land ."Will
Insist on Their Country Re
taining Political Sover
eignty Over It.
Special I>l3patch to The Call.
pie Uppermost.
Proposed Canal Agreement
Must Have This Princi-
COLOMBIA TALKS
FOR NEUTRALITY
Head of Episcopal Church in Canada
Is Very Sick in New York and Re
ported to Be in Dying Condition
BISHOP LEWIS' LIFE
SLOWLY EBBING AWAY
NOTED CALIFORMAN
PASSES AWAY ABROAD
Joseph Mdore/Whose Great Engine
ing Ability Won Him Fame and
Riches in Early Days, Dies in London
2
the s an: fkajncisco ,oal^ thtjrs6!ay
I. To Curet a ; Cold ' in One Day. * \<
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. ;¦ 2Sa * '
* ¦ r
If You. Have Bheumatism
Bend no money, but wrlteDr.Shoop.Raclne.'Vns .
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's j Rheumatic
nore.exp.pald. If cured paytt.50. If not.lt Is free*
.,fVH**Hii i ,.
SI¥ED TO HER HUSSAr^ ) I
if ' : AND FRIENDS |[
j BY S. op WARNER'S SAFE CURE.
! ; I ; ; ;: : Warher's Safe Cure Co., Dubberly/u., Jan.- 9. 1901. \ \
;• Rochester, N. Y. • — ;:
;: Daar Sirs:— Before either of my daughters was born I was dying with t
;: kidney dissase. I am now a grandmother. There are no words to fell whal.l t
, t suffered. When I lay down at nighl I would pray i! there was no reif»f;for'me thai | i
it I would never see another morning. Anyone could see I could not in'thli condition, t
[:',: livelong. My husband tried doctor after doctor, buf.Igol.no better, and .obi the t
: ; ; j ' nasly stuff I swallowed. Some way, I don't remember now how, one of your pamph* t
y lets fell Into my hands. 1 saw cures just like mine described, so I thought maybe. X
X your remedy might help me. I. tsked my husband to get 'it, but he had no faith in : ;
X .patent medicines, so he went 1 to another doctor. Stll I grew worse. - People .who : :
| ¦• ¦'•;¦- lived some distance from me told me afterward that they would ask when they saw '.'.
? I any of my near neighbors if I was still alive. One day I saw a friend going to town,* ?
.;;'; and I told him to • bring'- me, a bottle of Warner's: Safe Cure. I had -not f
; : taken it three- days before I began to feel better. When that bottle was gone I had"na l ¦•'¦ ] ¦ '
" trouble galling my husband to gjt ms a'nolher. I also senior the pills. - 1 look. In 11
1 • [ all about ten bottles of Warner's Safe Cure and five of the Safe Pills, I ;do # all my « ?
: ;. own work ; have very little need of medicine. I have often thought I would tell you [[
: : what your remedy did for me, but put it off from time to time. - j
1 Thanking you for my life, I am, respectfully, DfJB ?
: : '- ¦- - •¦ - ¦¦ ' Mrs. NELLIE DAVIS. • J
V. Free Sample of Waeser'3 Sate Ctraz I T
??• • • -"• - ' sent on applications I X
s t; Address Warsib's Satt Ccre Cc I- - . T
'¦¦;;:. . . . :¦ Bocliester, N.T. •[ X
ti'MMiitt«ttftitttttfHftt* A **** A1 '**ttfftm-t t't't tmnttiiiiii (H) i n jMARSHAL OP THE DAY FOR
SAN JOSE'S ROSE CARNI
VAL. • . ¦
HANCOCK WINS A POINT.— Judge Kerri
gan has ordered the allegations of cruelty and
Infidelity -' made .by' Mrs. - Ella XV. :; Hancock
against Robert J. Hancock in her action for
maintenance • stricken out j of her complaint.
This leaves but one allegation, that of deser
tion, against the defendant, and upon, this
complaint .the suit, will be heard. '¦;--.
PARIS. April 3.— The Minister of Marine,
11. de Lanessan. has ordered the construc
tion of twenty, additional submarine boats.
Francs Orders Submarine Boats.
SAN JOSE, April 3.— Coroner Kell re
turned to-night from a three days' trip In
the hills back of Mount Hamilton, where
he held an inquest over the body of Jesus
Higuera, an aged Mexican herder.- found
dead in the rpins of his burned cabin. The
jury believed the shanty caught fire while
Hlgruera was asleep and that he was
crushed by the falling roof.
Crushed by Falling- Roof.
There Is no properly organized medical
corps, transport service or commissariat
in China.
the Washington and Oregon Railroad
Company, which recently purchased the
right of way of the Portland and Puget
Sound Railway Company between this
city and Kalama, said in an interview to
night that the company was making ar
rangements to commence the construc
tion of the line at once. The company ex
pects* to advertise for bids on April 15 and
to have the line completed by Septem
bers •
A double crew of surveyors is at -work
on the line setting grade stakes and cross
sectioning and it Is the intention to have
this work finished by the last of this
week. Regular trains, he says, will be
operated to and from Vancouver after the
completion of that portion of the road un
til the bridge across the Columbia River
and the connecting line across the penin
sula to Portland is completed.
Ends Fight for Mines.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 3.— The bitter
fight over the Cobra Grande mines of So
nora. Hex., has passed Into history. A
compromise entered into three months ago
was carried out to-day, when the Greeny
Consolidated Mining Company paid the
stockholders of the Cobra Grande Com
pany about $300,000. taking up the shares
at par value of $2 50. Altogether a half
million dollars in cash has been paid over,
covering attorneys' fees and running ex
penses. Shareholders In both companies
are located all over the country and par
"/•nisuiy in New York and Arizona. v
Trains Will Soon Be Running Be
t-ween Vancouver, Wash.,
and Ealama.
VANCOUVER, Wash., April 3.—Ed
mund Rice Jr., secretary and manager of
BAH, WAY CONSTBTJCTION
TO COMMENCE AT ONCE
MARSEILLES, April 3.— About 5000 'dock
laborers presented . themselves for work
to-day. Of this •number=4000 were em
ployed. • • ,
Marseilles Strikers Submit.
LOS ANGELES,' April. 3.— At -a meeting
to-day of the Board of Trustees of the
Whittier Reform School L. 'R. Garrett
was appointed treasurer of the institu
tion. .¦ - - "¦¦:.\z
SANTA ANA, April 3— Roy Barker and
Roy .Catland,' aged ,13 and 11 'years, re
spectively, have disappeared .from Orange.
The lads have been absent since Monday.
When they*left home they had little or no
money. >
Treasurer of Whittier School.
Three Boys Disappear.
Anaheim School Bonds Sold.
SANTA ANA,' April 3.— Twelve thousand
five .hundred 5^4 Per ¦ cent ten-year bonds
for the High School building at Anaheim
were sold here to-day -by the Supervisors
for par, accrued interest and $1000 pre
mium. This is the best sale of bonds ever
made in the county.' . | ' !
SANTA ANA, April 3.— S. Hill to-day
brought suit against the City Trustees
and the Superintendent of Streets for
$10,000 damages for alleged malicious pros
ecution. An ordinance requires certain
trees to be removed from streets In which
sewer mains are laid. Hill refused to re
move* his shade- trees and was arrested
and fined. Again he was ordered to re
move^the trees, ? but refused, whereupon
he was rearrested and tried before a jury.
At the trial it was shown that the prop
erty had been deeded; to. C. W. Damerel,
and the jury returned a verdict of acquit
tal. ; ' - . ¦--.--
Fighting to Save His Trees.
Former i Secretary of the Board " oi
. Education Expires Suddenly in
House on Eddy Street ,
George W. -Wade, a clerk In the Fulton
Iron- Works, formerly secretary of the
Board of Education 7 and well known in
political circles; was found dead in a chair
in a room at 106 Eddy, street last evening.
Wade had been drinking much' recently
and was intoxicated last night. He called
on. a woman acQuaintance at \ the : house
mentioned." She left ;the : room for a few
minutes and when she returned she found
Wade seated In a chair dead.- ,
GEORGE W. WADE DIES
OF ACUTE ALCOHOLISM
of Emperor- William. The Westphalen
Mercur and the Cologne Volks Zeitung as
sert th^t. the Kaiser Is 1 greatly mistaken
if he thinks his. trips through the coun
try enable him to know the real opinion
of the German people concerning him.
'"On the contrary." one of these journals
remarks, "these trips only serve to create
within him a false notion, for he seldom
hears anything but laudation and flat
tery." I i ¦
There^ ' seems no doubt., however, that
his Majesty told the delegations of the
Prussian Diet some severe things dur
ing the recent 'audiences regarding. the
self-seeking: policy of the. Conservatives
and Agrarians.
m '
Gas Aflame in the Air.
BEAUMONT, Tex., April 3.-A fire is In
progress' in the fields. -The Woods well
struck a heavy flow of, gas to-night and
it caught fire from a torch 1n the hands
of a workman. The flames shot in the
air high above the derrick. This well la
150 feet from the Hamill well, which de
veloped the, same gas feature a few d»ya
ago. - Water, mud and rock are shooting
out of the pipe sixty feet high and con
tact • with the flames makes a cloud of
steam. - . ¦
Newspapers Declare That His Trips
Through the Country Only
Create False Impression. -. .
BERLIN, April 3.— The German press is
still busy discussing the recent speeches
KAISER DOESN'T KNOW /
.OPINION OF THE PEOPL3
SAN RAFAEL, April . 3.— Application
was to-day made to the Board of Super
visors by the Central California Electric
Light and Power Company for franchises
to permit the erection of poles along .the
county roads. The company's plant is at
Marysvllle and the object, is to supply
light and power to the bay cities. ' The
board deferred action until next month.
Applies for Franchises.
SAN RAFAEL, April 3.— Father Robert
Sesnon of this parish .and Mrs. Henry
Boyle' to-day met what, might have been
a. serious accident. While- decorating
the church Father Sesnon fell from a step
Jadder and sustained several sprains and
bruises. Mrs. Boyle was struck by the
failing ladder and waa considerably
shaken up. The injuries of neither are
serious. . • >
Father Sesnon Injured.
NANAIMO, B. C, April 3.-C. H. K.
Smith and C. J. McClaine of San Francis
co, accompanied by J. D. Lynch of New
York, inspected the new Vancouver Coal
Company's properties to-day in the in
terests of an American syndicate, which
is opening extensive coal fields in North
ern Washington. The visitors were shown
around by Manager Thomas Russell afad
were much impressed with the excellence
of the arrangements above and below.
They left -for the Sound to-night.
Inspecting Nanaimo Mines.
! LOS ANGELES, April 3.— Frank Engals,
foreman for W. P. Fuller & Co. t was seri
ously injured this afternoon. Engals was
superintending the unloading of- a -large
plate glass, 10 by 12 feet, at the firm's
store. The glass- was o'n blocks and En
gals dispatched one of the men for more
blocks.- attempting to sustain the entire
weight himself. It proved to be Uoo mucii
for him and the glass fell in his direction,
crushing him with its g?eat weight. The
glass was shattered as it fell. Engals was
seriously injured internally. Four ribs
were broken and his tjght foot terribly
cut.
Crushed Under Falling Glass.
, . The report emphasizes the ominous fact
that Turkey .will listen to no foreign in
tervention with regard to Macedonia, be
cause any concession, of Macedonian ter
ritory, would lead to a ~ holy war. It de
clares that the only, thing is for Russia
to help Bulgaria to suppress the Mace
donian committee.
ODESSA. April 4.— It is asserted here
that the Russian political agent in Bul
garia has sent to St. Petersburg a very
pessimlsitic report regarding the situation
in the Balkans, declaring •' that* the - Bul
garian Government is quite incapable of
coping effectively with the agitation of
the Macedonian committee and that there
is: constant danger of some' untoward In
cident leading to a' conflagration.'
Committee Become
. More Serious. \
Disturbances of Macedonian
BULGARIA NEEDS
AID OF RUSSIA
The rates adopted for the coming sum
mer schedule i to Skaguay do not differ
from those in force last summer, but the
through rate, if adopted, at $100 for a corr
tinuous passage, will make a reduction of
$25 on the rates that prevailed ' last sum
mer between - Seattle and other Puget
Sound points and Dawson.
SEATTLE, April 3.— The Alaska Steam
ship Association met to-day and decided
upon the summer rates | between Seattle
and Skaguay and through rates to Daw
son. The meeting was called to discuss
passenger business only and lasted nearly
all day. Conclusions were reached on the
rates between Puget Bound points and
Skaguay and agreed to as follows: First
class, $25; second class, $16.
The cuestion of a through rate from
Puget Sound points to Dawson was not
definitely settled, but it was generally
conceded that the following figures prob
ably would be adopted as uniform rates
by the association: First class. $105: first
class, continuous trip,- $100; second
class, $80. v • •
SEATTLE-SKAGUAY
RATES ARE FIXED
Passenger; Fares Will Re
main as They Were
Last .Summer.
SUISUN, April 3.— Coroner J. J. 'Mc-
Donald, accompanied by District Attorney
F. R. Devlin and Court Reporter T. H.
Hyatt, went to Winters to-day and held
an inquest over the body of Albert Ander
son, who was murdered last Sunday'night
near that town and just v/ithin the border
of Solano County. No evidence tending,
to fasten guilt upon any person was ad
duced. Dr. Z. T. McGill, who performed
the autopsy, testified that death was
caused by severe blows upon the head.
The testimony of the other witnesses re
lated only to their having seen Anderson
at various places in and near Winters on
the day and evening preceding his death.
The verdict of the jury was that Ander
son came to his death from a fracture of
the skull, caused by blows with a blunt
weapon in the hands of unknown persons.
Under Sheriff T. L. Robinson and a dep
uty- from the Sheriff's office will .revisit
the scene of the crime to-morrow and
make a further investigation. The officers
are credited with having some informa
tion which they are hot willing to make
•public, and they are said to have certain
persons under surveillance. It is expected
that arrests will be made within a day or
two.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mystery Still Cloaks
Murder of Anderson
Near Winters.
Death, of Americans in China.
"WASHINGTON. April 3.— General Chaf
fee at Peking reports the following
deaths: March 18, at Peking, Private
David McDaniels. Company B. Ninth In
fantry, pneumonia: February 26, at Tung
chow. C. A. Brett, civilian teamster
Quartermasters department, fractured
vertebrae: March 17, at Peking. Private
Morton Stalmaker, Company B,- Ninth
Infantry, croupous pneumonia.
Famine and Fever in Bussia.
ODESSA,, April 4.— Famine and typhus
are raging throughout the Governments
of Kherson and Bassarabia and portions
of the Government of Kieff and Taurida
The mortality Is 30 per cent of the en
tire population.
———?—_
Music Hall for Memorial.
CINCINNATI. April 3.— Mrs. Fred H.
Alms to-day announced that she desired
to honor the memory of her husband by
erecting on the grounds of the Univer
sity of Cincinnati, at a. cost not to exceed
1100.000. a music hall to be devoted to mu
sical culture.
Severe Measures.
IRON MOUNTAIN, Mich.. April 3.— The
Mercy Hospital, better known here as the
Emergency Hospital, will close Its doors
to-day by order of Bishop Eis, and the
nuns have been ordered to leave the dio
cese.
This is the result of an ecclesiastical
scandal which occurred last January,
when Ellen Hogan. a novitiate in the hos
pital, was arrested on an Insanity charge
preferred by the mother superior. Miss
Hogan was adjudged sane by the Probate
Court. The mother superior also charged
her with theft. After being released from
custody by order of Judge Bergeron, Miss
Hogan made severe charges against the
mother superior, one of which was drunk
enness. An Investigation by Bishop Eis
resulted In the order to close the Institu
tion.
SCAITDAL IN HOSPITAL
BESTJLTS IN A CLOSING
Affair in Wnich a Novitiate "Was In
volved Moves a Bishop to
Frederick. III. grounded yesterday east of
Arcona, owing to some unexpected cause.
She arrived here to-day under her own
Kteam and was docked. The damages she
has sustained appear to be so extensive
that she may have to be put out of com
mission.
It appears that the accident was caused
by bad steering, the vessel running into
the shallows of Bornholm Island, to ap
proach which is forbidden to warships.
Soon after the battleship went aground
a fire broke out from some cause un
known in the engine-room and It was not
quenched until after two hours fighting,
when the room was placed under water.
The damage is serious and several montlis
will be needed for repairs.
Vessel of Henry of Prussia Sustains
Severe Damage as Result of
Faulty Steering:.
KIEL, April 3.— The flagship of Prince
Henry of Prussia, the turretship Kaiser
a Governor.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. April 3.— Red Blanket
of Leech Lake, chief of the Bear- Island
Chippewas and principal chief of the Chlp
pewa tribe, accompanied by a substitute
rhief, Mali Che Gah Bow (Man Who
Moves Standing), and an interpreter, ap
peared before Governor Vansant to pro
test against the manner In which, as Red
Blanket asserted, the Chippewas are be
ing defrauded by timber cutters on
the reservation. Red Blanket declared
through the interpreter that white and
half-breed lumbermen are now destroy
ing the reservation timber by assuming
• to act under, the provisions of the law
permitting certain persons to cut the
"dead and down" timber. Moreover, the
lumbermen had cut large Quantities of
green timber.
Red Blanket also said that although the
Indians have been allotted land in sev
cralty, many do not know where their
allotments are situated and cannot find
out.
FULGSHTP OF A JPB.TNCB
BmrS INTO AN ISLAND
l>ader of the Bear Island Chippewas
Files a Vigorous Protest With
CHUT BED BLANKET
DEITOTJITCES TIMBEBMEK
Sparks from the' burning building wero
carried to the temple Myokyo-Ia, which
lies at a distance of about 120 yards to
the southeast, which, too, was destroyed.
A few days later the famous temple Sei
ken-Ji was destroyed by fire at Okltsu.
Few of the renowned places of Japan
are mqre familiar to foreigners than was
this fine and beautifully situated temple,
standing in a grove of noble trees and
commanding an exquisite vista. IX stood
on the spot where the Buddhist saint
Nichiren died In 1282. Originally erected
in the year 275, it was re-erected after
a conflagration in the days of the third
Tokugawa Shogun. Nothing now remains
of tlv imposing pile of edifices, except the
Soshido (founders' hall), the Shakado
(hall of Shaka), the hoso (treasure house),
the daidokoro (kitchen) and the gojunoto
(drum tower).
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 3.— Oriental
advices to-day recount the burning of the
celebrated temple Hommongi at Ikegami
on the night of March 9. The fire started
in the students' dormitory, where seventy
students were reading late at night for
a pending examination. No supply of
water was available, the buildings being
en a hill, and although about 1000 firemen
from Phinagawa and the neighboring dis
tricts hastened to the scene their exer
tions were of little efficacy.
Ancient Japanese Structure
Is Destroyed by a.
Conflagration.
FAMOUS TEMPLE
IN FIRE'S GRASP
PHOEXIX, Ariz.. April 3.— A sugar fac
tory with a capacity of 230 tons is lo be
built between Glendale and Peoria at a
cost of $250,000. Deloss W. Brown, a cap
italist of Peoria. 111., and others have en
tered into an agreement with the farmers
to construct a factory, the farmers donat
ing a certain amount of land and agree
ing to supply an ample tonnage of beets.
•J.— .».
Will Build' Sugar Factory.
•WASHINGTON, April 3.-Postoffice De
partment orders to-day announce: Post
master commissioned. Washington. G.
Wilson Tibbetts, North Bend: appointed.
Oregon, J. F. Denny. Imnaha, Walowa
County, vice O. M. Chase, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day were: Califor
nia—Rent Walker, John F. Hewitt, Los
Angeles, $S. Increase — Charles Whitmore,
Los Angeles, $S: John Hayworth, Los
Angeles. $8: James A. Wright, Chico, $12;
James Tully, Rescue, $10. Oregon, orig
inal—Addison Potter, Portland. $6: George
V. Dashel. Portland. $6. Increase— John
Murphy. Portland. 510; Hubert Bascomb,
University Park. $30. Washington. orig
inal—William Smith. Vancouver, $8.
Major Frederick Hadra, surgeon, and
Captains Francis Pursell and Thomas
W. Jackson, assistant surgeons of volun
teers, now in San Francisco, are ordered
to Manila for assignment to duty.
Of Interest to the Coast.
The child was lying on his back and the
flames were rapidly eating into his flesh.
His clothes were all ablaze. A man pulled
off his coat and wrapped it around the
boy s body in an effort to smother the
flames. Despite, his efforts they were not
extinguished until they had burned little
Lloyd's head and arms to a crisp.
The sufferer was carried into the hotel
and medical aid summoned. He died this
morning, not having regained conscious
ness. The father of the boy lives in Crip
ple Creek, Colo.
LOS ANGELES, April 3.— Lloyd Spiro,
three years old. dl?d early this morning
as a result of burns. Yesterday afternoon
the little fellow left his mother's room
in the Orlando House without her knowl
edge. Climbing between the Orlando and
the Byrne building he began lighting
matches and was evidently much amused
at the sight of the burning lucifers. Sud
denly there was heard a heart-rending
shriek and several pedestrians rushed to
the place.
Burned.
Clothing and Is Horribly
Three-Year-Old Baby Sets Fire to His
PLAYS WITH MATCHES
AND LOSES HIS LIFE
SAN JOSE, April 3.— The fund of
the Carnival of Roses is to be
augmented by a benefit bicycle
meet given under the auspices of
Orlando Stevens and the Garden
City Wheelmen. The date has not been
fixed, but It will be on a Saturday after
noon early this month. The proceeds are
to be turned in to the executive commit
tee for the entertainment of President Mc-
Kinley. Mr. Stevens Is preparing an elab
orate programme, which will 'include
some events among the star professionals
tjow riding in California. Floyd McFar
land, in training for his trip East and
abroad, will give an exhibition of the rid
ing which has made him "the champion
middle-distance wheelman of the world.
Cooper and Freeman, Hardy Downing and
his rapid young brother. Burton, will be
among the attractions. .
The plans for the first day's parade are
being rapidly matured under the super
vision of Captain A. B. Cash, marshal of
the day. It will be divided into five di
visions, and President McKInley, escorted
by the reception committee in carriages,
will head the procession. Seventy floats
from all parts of the county will be in
line. . ....
The bicycle boys will own the city the
second day. Wheelmen from every city
in the central part of the State are ex
pected to be present, and prizes will be
offered for the largest club and the best
uniformed club in the bicycle parade.
LOS ANGELES. April 3.— Harry Hotch
kiss, who 6hot and killed his stepfather,
Edwin Thomas, at Santa Monica 'on the
r.ight of February 24 last, was acquitted
of the charge of murder In the Superior
Ccurt to-day. The .iury returned a ver
dict of not guilty after deliberating five
minutes.
Thomas was addicted to the drink habit
rnd had repeatedly threatened to cut his
¦wife's throat. The shooting occurred
about 8 o'clock at night. Thomas was on
the outside of his wife's home, intoxi
cated and threatening:. Mrs. Thomas
rrculd not let him in. Just as she shut
the door In his face Harry, who was in
the house, discharged a revolver through
a window. The bullet entered the man's
*>ar and came out at the top of his head.
So serious was the wound that Thomas
•wed an hour later. The defense was justi
fiable homicide.
Hurry Hotchkiss told to-day upon the
witness stand his story of the tragedy.
"My mother told me she had seen him
'"-own town that day." said the boy. "She
said he was drunk. He always treated me
rijrht to my face, but he was always talk
ing against me behind my back. -My moth
er told me he treated her badly, thougrh I
n«;ver saw anything myself until the night
he came to the house. He came up about
K o'clock. I was reading in the house. I
went to the door with my mother. He
v.as standine at the back door and call
ing my mother names. She closed the
door ajwl he went around In front. I went
into my room on the front side of the
house. I don't know why I went there,
• but he was calllne my mother names,
finally he threatened to cut her throat.
I cot the gun to defend my mother. I
could not see the face of Mr. Thomas.
but I could distinguish his form. I
thought he would do as he said, and as
I sat on the side of my bed I picked uo
th« pistol and as he stepped inside I fired."
"Did you intend to kill him?" asked the
attorney.
"'So; I only wanted to protect my moth
er." eaid the boy, and his voice trembled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Quickly I>ecides That in Protecting
His Mother From Attack He
Committed Justifiable
j Homicide.
Jury Acquits the Lad Who
Shot His Intoxicated
Stepfather.
HARRY HOTCHKISS
GAINS FREEDOM
Star Professionals Now Riding in California Will Compete
in a Tournament, the Proceeds of Which Are to Be.
Contributed Toward Entertainment of Mr. McKinley.
¦ ¦;:.>• .-.-.:V. ; v :-:-¦ -'¦,-_ • , ¦ ' ¦ . J
WHEELMEN PLAN TQ INOREASE
THE SAN JOSE CARNIVAL FUND
NORMAL SCHOOL
OPEN TO MILLER
Judge Hyland Rules That
-j the -Former Student
Must Be Admitted.
Says the Trustees of the San Jose In
stitution Exceed Their Author
ity in Arbitrarily Ex
cluding Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 3.— Henry E. Miller, a
pupil of the State Normal School here,
who was refused a diploma by the fac
ulty because it was claimed he lacked the
necessary qualifications to become a suc
cessful teacher, ',¦ to-day •' received a deci
sion in Judge Hyland's court compelling
the faculty to admit him as a student in
the school. " . ¦. '¦< ¦. \
About a year ago Miller completed his
course-of study, 1 but -he was -refused a
diploma. Mrs. . Place, the head of the
training department,- declared -he was
unfit to become a teacher. He preferred
charges against Mrs. Place at the • time,
alleging that spite work was her. incen
tive, but the board sustained the teacher.
Later the case was taken into court on
a writ of" mandate directed against,Pro
fessor McNaughton, who was then -prin
cipal. This action was defeated on de
murrer. -....,• •¦¦ . v . . ¦
Subsequently the trustees of the school
passed a resolution refusing Miller admis-:
sion to complete his course of study. An
other writ was then obtained against
Principal Dalley. . ¦¦•¦".•. ¦¦¦>,-
Judge Hyland holds that the board of
trustees, did not have power or. authority
to pass the resolution excluding " Miller
from the school, as ¦ it deprives him of a
legal right .in an arbitrary ¦¦ manner and
that it is • unreasonable and oppressive.
ADVENTTSTS INCREASE.,
THE MEMBERSHIP .ROIiL
Report of the President ; of the Gen
eral Congress Gives Evidence of .
Much Progress. \ .
. BATTLE CREEK,- Mich., April 3.— The
biennial report of Elder W. G. Irwin,
president of the Seventh' Day Adventist
General Congress, which began here to
day, was presented. Elder Irwin said
that during the two years the Increase in
membership had been 12,504, making the
total membership for the world 73,763.
Continuing he said: ¦ '
The tithes for the same period amounted to
$1,005,951. an increase .over the former two
years of $203,341. Donations to carry on mis
sionary work amount, to $151,000. Books in
fourteen different languages have been issued
by' the Hamburg Publishing- House. Since the
last general conference nine sanltaritfms havte
been established, two In Germany, two in
Australia, ortfr in New Zealand and five in tljp
United States, a total of twenty-four In all
parts of the world. ¦ . • . "
The educational work is successful, there be
ing six colleges, four academies, ten training
and industrial schools, one »• intermediate
school 'and 22S church schools, a total of 263
schools, with 281 teachers and 6600 pupils.
POLITICIANS OF CUBA
CAUSE THE DIFFICULTY
Itepresentative. Dalzell Returns From
the Island and Explains to Presi
dent Causes of Trouble.
WASHINGTON, April 3.—Representa
tive Dalzell of Pennsylvania, who has just
returned from a two weeks' trip to Cuba,
saw the President to-day and talked with
him about conditions there. Mr. Dalzell
said he thought there was hardly a man
in the island, except the politicians, who
did not | favor the acceptance of the con- 4
ditions of independence imposed by the
Platt amendment. ' •
"But the politicians are disposed to play
a waiting game," he said. "I believe they
will stand out until Congress meets and
th°n. finding that we will not modify our
terms, they will accept the conditions.
The better element in Cuba favors ultij
mate annexation to the United States, but
I believe a large proportion agree that It
would better come after a trial of inde
pendence has been made."
- THE S AN FRANCISCO up ALL, THUBSDAT,^ APRIi; ;4, . 1901.
3
INQUEST FA I LS
TO YIELD CLEW
OPTICIANS^^apH^aratw,
642 Market 5t. instrument*
UNDER CHRQNICJ.E BUtlDtMO. CATALOGUE FfllE.'-
SOMETHING NEW I U BTB
PROTECTORS.
Oculists" srescrlDtions filled. Factory ea
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Automobile
Spectacles**
"I would have written you a long time ago, but have purposely waited
to see if the effect was lasting ; and in conclusion I would say, God bless
you and keep you with us that you may go on with your work of mercy for
many years to come." — Mrs. M. A. Close.
. :J P. S.—"l am going to visit friends in Wisconsin who never expected to
see me alive aqain, so please forward mail to me at 579 Pacific street,
AN" 1 OLD COLD J not rest easy until the catarrh Is entirely
— curad. Thousands pay no attention to
Is Catarrh, and Catarrh. Leads to *t until It is too late.
Consumption. i If PcruDa l3 " sed the coia never be-
¦ , • . • . . . - , .. . . ,„ comes chronic, and hence catarrh Is pre-
The -tendency of catarrh of the head is vented But after catarrn ha3 become
to pass downward through the bronchial thoroughly established Peruna will cure
tubes to the lungs. Any one who has had it, but it will take much longer. Even in
catarrh of the head for a year or more cases where catarrh has attacked tho
finds the disease gradually progressing l un S 3 and ths symptoms of consumption
, . T ¦„«»,„ r^««^.» oc hav « shown themselves, the Peruna will
downward. In some cases the progress . cure A many cageg of &enulne CQn _
is rapid, and In other cases Itja slow; bu,t sum ptjon have been cured with Peruna
sooner or later if catarrh Is allowed to after the patient had been given up to
run, it will so to tho lungs and set up die, as In the case of Mrs. Close,
the disease known as consumption. It is If you do not derive prompt and satis-
doubtful if consumption is ever caused by factory results from the use of Peruna.
anything except catarrh. write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a"
The catarrh usually begins as a cold In full statement of your case and ha will
the head cr throat, and is neglected until he pleased to give you his valuable ad-
it becomes chronic; . then it begins to vice gratis. \
dawn on the victim that he has catarrh. Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
Unless he "is very foolish Indeed he will Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
Kearney, Neb., July 8, 1900.
Dear Doctor — "I desire to express to you my sincere thanks for the
interest you have shown in my case, and for the .timely aid and advice
which has effected a cure of as bad a case of consumption as could be well
imagined.
• . "Peruna and Manalin have done what thirteen of the
FOUND best physicians in the country have failed to do. For more
HERSELF than three year's I doctored for consumption, and spent
PnnU/INP thirteen weeks in a Pulmonary Sanitarium at Milwaukee,
UfiUWIiiu Wis.; but finding myself growing worse, as a last resort I
WORSEi came West, where I was bedfast for many weeks, and the
— — -J physicians which my husband called gave no hope but said,
'She cannot possibly livs mora than a few days.' But thanks to Peruna, I
fooled them -all. In ah incredibly short time after I began to take Peruna
the hemorrhages stopped. I began to mend slowly at first, but the im-,
provemeni became more marked, and now I can truthfully say that there is
not the slightest trace of my old complaint.
Dr. S. B. Hariman, Columbus, Ohio:
' MRS. M. A. CLOSE.
Office 1004 Market Street.
pV^f.vT Telephone— gouth 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
THE EARLY BIRD
Catches the worm— if you've been caught
on poor laundry -work drop us a card or
call us up on the 'phone and we'll call for
and return your next bundle In a condition
that'll make your Easter outfit doubly
pleasing- to you.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order it.
No saw edjres.
Weekly Call,: $1 per Year
RANCH in Santa. Cruz mountains to rent: «ult-
• able for summer boarders or chicken ranch.
Inquire 237 Twelfth at.. 6 to 8 p. m.
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world-
Changed hand?. 'Will hereafter be open th»
year round. ' Bus meets 11 o'clock train, from
city -until April 15. then meets all trains. Ths
culinary department will recaive special atten-
tion. For rates and particulars address HOTEL.
MOUNT VIEW. Ross Valley. Marin Co.. Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
visit OR- JORDAN'S orcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
- .EJr The L«r«ctAntteaJcal Unseam ia the
¦ arffciii v/ ott<L We»kn«ts»» or »ny contracted
1 3? i*l d*"*** po»«tl»ely rand by the oldnt '
flfff § CJUORDAH-PBIYATE DISEASES,
Wt 9»S t«a«ilt»ttan t*y) ind strict!* prime.
I ¥v£E """meni penon«lly or b» letter. A i
B SI W '"*-'*•* Cur* la «»«iy ca*« undertaken. <
Pi He Wr «« tot Beck, HULOSOnilrti
¦ .• a* auuiuoi. lulus rm i a (
. ( Qi , -nimble booh tot men) . -
OB. JTUBDAK A €•.. I0M Mark at St. .8. 9. I
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OP MEXDO-
clno. Visit this quiet little resort for
Bolld comfort. For particulars apply to S.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IX LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating:.
bathing-, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks,
etc. Write for circular. H. WAMBOL.D.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
Used by people .of refinement
for over a quarter- of a century.
Tooth Powder
PERFECT
Dr. Lyon's
SKA06S HOT SPM6S.? y ™SVS
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and boatlnar;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first-class hotel and stars
service; morning- and afternoon stages: round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlb-
uron ferry at 7:39 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms.
$2 a. day or |12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years. For further lnforma-
tbln address J. P. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
Consumption After All Medical Aid Had
Failed- : Read Her Letter.
THIRTEEN DOCTORS FAILED.
Mrs. M. A, Close of Nebraska Was Cured of Incipient
TA»iii^ — " "^ ""Www. "•'*'"» rC
ADVERTISEMENTS.Probable Winners.
First race—Gibraltar, The Pride, laaline. •
Second race—J. V. Kirby, Muresca, Zlrl.
Third race—Grafter. Beraota, Beau Ormonde.
Fourth race—Articulate, Dandy Jim, Astor.
Fifth race—Barrack, Morinel, Lena.
Sixth race—Joe Ripley, Nllgar, Expedient.
Sixth race— One mile^ four-year-olds and up
ward; selling. Ji
ms -Cue 105! 2219 Alicia ...105
2234 Ldzella 105 2223 Joe Rlpley......l05
2193 Vassal 10ol -2199 Hlpponax 105
2211 Rinaldo :1O5 2231 Don Luis...... .105
2210 Sunello .105 2011 Expedient 105
(2230)Nilgar ..........105 2175 McNamara .....105
Fifth race— One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
(2227)Lena 103 2227 Scotch Plaid... 112
2035 Morinel 103 2221 Gauntlet 108
2227 Barrack i.lll| -¦"•'V
Fourth race-^Seven furlongs; three-year-old3
and upward; handicap.
(1885)Vulcaln ..;..... 116 (2216) Articulate 114
2209 Dr. Cave... 110 2209 Dandy Jim 110
(2217)Astor ..110-2137 Sea Lion 10S
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds ; purse.
2216 Rolling Boer...l07|(222S)Beau Orraonde.107
2224 Flatterer . . . . :-. .102 (2229)Bern0ta 99
2207 Grafter 99j
Seoond race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling. .
. 2213 San Luition 98 2213 Lapldus 10«
2213 Minerva 102 (2201)Contestant 107
2119 Maraschino ....106 (2213) J. V. Kirby....lO5
2189 Hon.P.Sterling.101 2201 Sir Clau3 99
2130 Mike Murphy. .105 2213 Ogle 10S
2213 Zlrl 107i (2130) Monastic 10}
(2189)Muresca 105
First race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
(2226)Gibraltar ...... 119 f (2148) Isallne HI
2226 Hermoso ....... 119 1 221S The Pride ...... 116
To-Day's Entries.
FIRST choices In the betting seem
to have encountered another of
their periodical spells of bad luck,
for yesterday at Tanforan out
siders again had .the play pretty
much to themselves.. While several
"carvings" were attempted, . Barklyite,
Walkenshaw and Royalty were about the
only ones put over. Thornwiid breezed in
at odds once as good as 20 to 1, but this
was a stable secret strictly. Spry Lark,
another winner, went to the post prac
tically unbacked at 20 to 1. It remained
for Mike Hennessy to at last come home
astride a favorite, picking off the last
purse with Duckoy, a 9 to 5 chance.
A ragged assortment of cheap ones
went to the post in the opening six-fur
long, sprint, for which Mamie Hildreth
was backed down to favoritism. Mounce
managed to land her in third place. After
Catherine Bravo, had tired, Wedderstrand
took the lead with Thornwiid, a lo to l
shot, winning easily, from Master Cal.
.Berendos, a warm tip, ran badly.
Eleven started in the first part of the
maiden two-year-old event. As Henry
was down to ride Carlo, the St. Carlo
colt ruled a mild- choice over Lulette and
Hainault. The first part of it. Frank
Bain and Lulette, the latter piloted by
Conley, led the others. Under the strong
urging of "Pi" Ruiz, Barklyite responded
gamely, and catching Lulette after pass
ing the paddock, won by a neck. Carlo,
In where the going was deepest, finished
third. O'Connor had (been originally
carded to ride Phyllis, but owing to sick
ness, was replaced by Hafley. The ring
laid 8 to 1 about the winner, coupled with
Achilles. .
As is well known, Walkenshaw is a
pound better horse in the mud- than he
is on dry footing, still the ring laid 9
against the chance of Andy Blakeley s
entry taking the mile selling run. Ruiz
had the mount and taking the front posi
tion early in the race made a gallop or
it from start to finish. Bogus Bill ran
into the place' two lengths ahead of Rio
Chico. Dominick could never . get the
lukewarm choice. Brownie Anderson, up
among the first three. . . ,
On form, Pat Dunne's Silesian looked
best of the starters in the second half of
the maiden two-year-old number, and
from twos his price was chopped to 7 to
5. Outfooted by Oratossa at the start, the
latter to all appearances had the dash
won, when Mounce, on Royalty, came
fast under a full pressure of steam, scor
ing by a scant length. A stout play cut
the winner's price from 7 to 9 to 2.
Pedro Enos must have got tangled up
at the start with the favorite, Dolore, for
the six-furlong spin, fifth to be decided.
Away first, he fell back to seventh place
and was never heard from. Mounce, on
Spry Lark, skimmed off in the lead, win
ning easily at the wire. Backed from 30
to 10, Sweet William downed the, Singer
a neck for the place.
Any number of scratches caused
Duckoy to reign a pronounced favorite
for the closing sprint. Jennie failed to dis
play a particle of speed and the choice led
Urchin out half a length. Claranda ran
third.
By F. B. Mulholland.
LONGSHOTS GATHER
SOME MORE PURSES
Duokoy the Only Winning Favorite at
¦ Tanforan-Bpoks Pick Up Warm One
in Walkehshaw-Barklyite in Front
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1901.
JCone can foresee thp outcome of the quarrel
between foreign powers over the division of
China. It is Interesting-: Xo watch the going
to pieces of this ancient but unprogressive race.
Many people in America are also going to
rieces because of dyspepsia, • constipation,
blood, liver and etomach diseases. We are
living to fast, but strength, vigor and- good
licalth can be retained If we keep off and cure
tbe abova diseases with . Hostetter's Stomach
Bitter*; - ¦-,: -• •
What Will Become of ChinaP
HONOLULU, March 27.— The Legisla
ture has now completed half of its term
of, Bession and only one bill, has reached
the Governor. This is the one appro
priating money for the expenses of the
session. In both Senate and House con
stant debates over small matters have
prevented, the transaction of business,-..the
Half of Legislature's Session
Gone and Governor.
Has One Bill. >!
MAKING OF LAW
WORRIES HAWAII
A section, of society, segregated In a
coach and a brake at the -west end of the
lield, was to clap a familiar wel
come to the eight hardy riders, the
Whites and the Re.ds; or the '¦'Under Thir
ties" and the ""Over Thirties." ' Qn the
south' drive -a fringe of. vehicles, lined the
field and the : spectators who came on foot
fought out for six rounds on -the' par]
turf .was full of choicest thrills and palpi
tations. • ' " -
¦pf-r^ URLINGAME'S cleverest polo
)/ players and an English expert
" =^ or two thrown in contested at
J. Jf Golden Gate Park yesterday In
, as pretty, a match of pplo as haa
«ver been see» In the West. From a
scientific standpoint the game may not
have been the equal of many of its pre
cursors on the Blingurp field, >but for an
exciting, earnest contest this one that was
• In the first period Hobart, Wheeler and
Dick Tobin scored; in the second' Hobart
and : Driscoll's pony: in the third, Hobart,
Driscoll and Joe Tobin; in the fourth,
Dunphy and Joe Tobin: in the sixth, Men
zies and Richard Tobin. • - ...
The teams were made up:. Reds— R. M»
Tobin, Charles Wheeler, J. S. Tobin and
Lawrence McCreery; Whites— Charles
Menzies, W. S. Hobart, Charles Dunphy
and Tom Driscoll.
. ; _^.
for «a "day was no slouch and Charles
Wheeler, the Easterner, was up to every
point of the game. The interference of
Charlie Dunphy would make a college
football man shudder with envy. All of
the men battled like Trogans mounted on
baby steeds. The sport was great and
the side-line multitude enjoyed It, so they
will be given a chance to see the game
again. ¦ - •
SNAPSHOTS ¦ OF . THE SENSA
TIONAL POLO GAME PLAYED IN
1 GOLDEN GATE PARK.
Rauer'a ". Law : . and ', Collection * Co. , . re
moved ' to r 313 Bush i sL .-" • '
NEW YORK, April 3-Owlng to bad
weather the ". Grand American Handi
cap, - which was • to • have -been ¦ shot off | at
Interstate .Park, Queens, L. I.,' to-day,
was postponed until to-morrow at 9 a. m.
Shooting Handicap Postponed.
'Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailing
every ; Sunday ¦ and Wednesday for . San
Diegoj 'stoppfng only, at Santa" Barbara
and Los 'Angeles ports. Improved service,
low rates. Pacific Coast , Steamship Co.,
office 4 New Montgomery street, ¦ under
Palace Hotel. ' - • , . . -
Delightful Ocean Trips.
CHICAGO, 'April 3.— Secretary Nathan
son of the Lakeside Jockey . Club .to-day
completed the 'programme ' for - the ' first
eight days of .the meeting, which opens
Monday, April 15. The purses are the
largest given by the Lakeside Jockey Club,
each day's racing including purses of $500 :
and $600, although there are no* stake
races announced. , Starter. Richard Dwyer,
how wielding the- flag at Tanforan, has
been telegraphed to be on hand the open
ing day " . -
Big Purses for Lakeside.
LOUISVILLE, ' April 3.— It- was an
nounced by the management of the South
ern Athletic Club to-day that "Kid" Mc-
Coy and Peter* Maher had; been .matched
for a twenty-round bout here April 29.
MAHEB MATCHED TO ' :
,. FIGHT 'KID McCOY
« This is the first complaint that has been
made against : any . of ; the American
jockeys* in the country during the present
racing season.- ... ,. ;
"The race for Earl Spencer's plate of 500
sovereigns, a handicap for three-year-olds
and upward, distance five furlongs,, 1 was
won by 1 H.'J." King's bay, filly Esmeralda
n,- with Lester ¦Reiffta the saddle.
Florida people are going more and more
into the small fruit and orange business.
LONDON, April 3.— At the first day's
racing to-day of the Northampton • and
Pythchley Hunt spring meeting, A. ¦ Mc-
Intyre, an American' jockey, rode A.
Bailey's Ravensden in. the mile selling
plate, but was disqualified for boring. -The
race was awarded to KIng;of Pearls, on
which Lester Rein* had the 'mount. . .-
American Boy Disqualified.
ABILENE, Kans., April 3.— The Abilene
Coursing Club began the largest meet
ever held here- to-day, over ; seventy dogs
being entered and- owners being present
from Nebraska, California, Colorado, Ok
lahoma and Missouri. The grounds are
northwest of the' city and are inclosed.
The drawing took place last night. Thirty
dogs are entered . in the puppy race and
about fifty in the all-age stake. The
purses amount to $300. W. O. Thompson
of Ohio will judge the races, and the spec
tators are. numerous. The. meet is the
first of a series that includes Clay Center,
Mankato, Friend, Nebr., and other points.
Kansas Coursing Veet.
The Ho'use iS"CT5nslojerlng'a Specific tax
on sugar as a means of raising revenue in
the islands. More resolutions calling
upon heads of , departments , for. corre
spondence with Washington have been
passed and a number of investigations are
in prospect. '•Governor- Dole has given the
House, . in conference with a special com
mittee, his correspondence with Land
Agent Brown on the. subject of the lat
ter's trip to the national capital as an
agent of the Territory. The. matter has
not yet been considered. .- » • < . ¦
Dr. N. Russell, Presideritof the Senate,
to-day presented his resignation. His ac
tton was due to. a disagreement with other
members • of ,the "Home. Rule" p'a,rty on
the dispensary law. Dr.' Russell is 'the
Author of the bill, which has been held 'in
committee for. some time. At a caucus
last night he~ threatened to resign if the
bill was not reported to-day 'and this
morning fee carried" out" the threat. His
resignation has been rejected, but he re
fuses to occupy the chair again.' In re
feigning Dr. Russell stated' that the. Sen
ate was wasting its time in debate on
trivial matters and that he thought he
could better perform his duty on the flobr
than in the chair. Russell has been al
leged to be a foreigner, but. he has, shown
naturalization papers. 1 - He came here as
an exile from Russia.
Senate especially having occupied { nearly
all of its time in debates over rules and
quarrels over the rulings of the Presi
dent. , . '¦'.' ' • -. ; , ' - -
: The '.'Home Rulers" have many caucus
measures pending which are beginning to
be in : danger of failtag.to pass for lack of
time and they are preparing for night ses
sions to force the transaction of business..
Seventy bills are before the House In vari
ous stages %3id half as many are before
the: Senate, vbut they..' make _ very, glow
progress. The next, two week'si however,
will probably" se"e many of them passed
and sent to the Governor.-
This. concession is regarded as more im
portant to the money order business than
any action taken since the inception , of
the system. Negotiations had been in
progress for. some time between the re
spective-postal ¦ administrations looking to
the further unification of the postal sys
tems of the United States and Canada
with' i.respect to the money order busi
ness. r .The money orders annually sent 'to
Canada now aggregate about $2,000,000 and
In the other dCrecti6n a little less than
that amount. The exchange of. these or
ders is now restricted to 4000 offices in this
country, but under the new arrangement
will be 1 extended to 30.000 offices in this
country, and money order offices in other
countries being thus authorized' to issue
or pay them.
It is expected that the radical . reduc
tion "in" the rate, will trebie s the business.
The reduction -is especially important to
busmess interests along the border. • It is
probable that .similar arrangements will
be v made t with the Philippines, Cuba and
elsewhere. ' ¦•' , ..'. ' -..\-
WASHINGTON, April 3.— An arrange
ment h,as just been concluded between the
United States and Canada under which
all postal moneys sent between this coun
try, and Canada will go at ? , the domestic
rate 'Of three-tenths of ; 1 . cent' instead -'of
the international rate. of 1 per cent; as at
present.-
United States and Canada
' Agree to a Reduction
of Charges.
MONEY ORDERS
AT LOW RATES
tests.
¦ NEW- YORK, April ' 3.— Ten target and
trap shooters have been selected to repre
sent, the United States at the proposed in
ternational match which is to take place
during the week beginning July 15 at the
Pan-American Exposition ¦ at Buffalo.
This was determined at a meeting to-day
of marksmen from various parts* of the
United States,, who. are participating in
the annual tournament of the Interstate
Association at Interstate Park, Queens,
L. I., and who raised a fund of $2000 for
defraying the expenses of the team, which
after the Pan-American Exposition tour
nament will probably go to England to
give exhibitions of marksmanship. Those
selected to make up the team are: Thom
as A. Marshall (captain), Keithsburg,
111.; Jack Fanning, Jersey City; Fred
Gilbert, Spirit Sake. Iowa; R. O. Heikes,
Dayton, Ohio;- F. S. Parmalee, Omaha;
R. Merrill, Milwaukee; C. W. Budd, Des
Moines; J. A. R. Elliott, Kansas City; W.
R*. Crosby, O'Fallon, 111., and Chauncey
Powers, Decatur, 111. •...;<
m '-'¦•' .-'.¦.
Eastern Racing.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— Results of the
racing, at Bennings are: . . - :•
¦ First race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
The Rogrue won, G, W. Gwynne second, Charles
Estes third. Time, 1:26 3-5.
Second race, four an<l a half furlongrs—Rig-ht
away .won, Filiform second, Red Damsel third.
Time, :59. ... • ¦ .
Third race; steeplechase, about two miles —
G. R. Longhurst won, Lady Dainty second,
Mazo third. Time, 4:32 2-5. V
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Tamarin* won,
Anna Darling second, -Punctuate third. Time,
1:34. . •
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Speedmas
won, Rabunta second, Monmouth , Boy third.
Time. 1:32 2-5. :¦: \
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, handicap
— Gold Fox won, Intrusive second, Magic Light
third. Time, 1:53 4-5.
: MEMPHIS. April 3.— Results:
: 'First race, six furlongs, selling — Wax Taper
.won, .Johnny McHale second, Weldeman third.
Time, 1:17%. • ¦ . -
Second race; half a mile, selling — Drummond
won, Rosy Cross , second, . Winter Belle third.
-Time, :5tt4.
¦ Third race, half a mile. Gaston Hotel stakes
— Charles W. Meyer' won, Brannigan second,
Jordan third. ; Time, .50. - ¦ . - ' • ..
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Lady Schorr
won. Queen Dixon, second, Beana third. Time,
1j31%.V. > :W?..' ¦ - ; .-
Fifthrace, one mile and a. sixteenth, selling
'— Sarllla won. El Cancy second, Tammany
Chief third. Time, 1:55.. , .-
Sixth . race, six furlongs, selling-— Sue > John
son won, Hansford second, Jim W tjjlrd. • Time,
1:16%. . ¦'. , '... . :¦_ ., ¦¦¦ ¦: .
Target and Trap Shooters Chosen for
the International Con- '
TEN MARKSMEN WILL j .
REPRESENT AMERICA
STABLEBOYS MAY GO
TO ENGLAND FOR WORK
Strike at Newmarket May Be suit in
the , Importation 'of -
; : ¦ i;\ ' \
LONDON, April 3.— As a result of the
stablemen's strike at Newmarket, the
trainers announce ,that 250 American
st|ableboys will leave New York to-day on
the White Star: and Atlantic transport
steamers. The boys will be drawn most
ly from the racing- establishments of the
Westchester Racing Association,, the
Coney Island Jockey Club,. the Brooklyn
Jockey Club and the Brighton Beach Rac
ing Assoclatlon..^-They must not weigh
over 112: pounds. 1 ? Their wage's- will be
from $6 to ?8 per ' week, ' with board and
lodging. ,. .
The Newmarket trainers at their last
meeting refused to receive a deputation
of the strikers;-"" An additional force of
police has been drafted to Newmarket.
NEW YORK, April 3.— Inquiries made
by the Associated Press at the offices of
the White" Star and Atlantic Transport
companies show -that nothing is -known
there of the reported sailing of 250 Amer
ican stableboys for England. ? The Teu
tonic of the White Star Line sails to-day
and Minnehaha of the Atlantic Transport
Company sails Saturday* .
' The strike of the stablemen at - New
market began March 23. The strikers de
manded an increase of their wages from
20 shillings to 25 shillings per week. They
argue that an honest living Is impossible
on such wages paid for the care -of ani
mals valued at thousands of pounds ster
ling. • .
Mounce' landed two winners.' Ruiz
placed a like number over the line.. .-.. . r
O'Connor was taken ill after the first
race, and the balance of his mounts were
canceled.-
Thar© was a deal of talk over the Sir
Kingston race some days ago and the re
markable improvement shown by WaFk
enshaw does give that particular event a
clammy iook. It was claimed by many
that Sir Kingston was "shooed in," and
as the Shields entry won in 1:43*4 over a
fast track - with Walkenshaw back in
fourth place, 5- there must have been a
hitch in the time table somewhere along
the route. Admitted that Walkenshaw is
a mud horse, he can also run over a good
track.
The last time Royalty started he must
have worn snowshoes. - Still: it's always
pleasant to see two-year-olds Improve. .
Loconomo was the hottest tip of the en
tire session. . At first 30 to 1 was chalked
up and the ring resembled the Chicago
wheat pit.. Finally 8 to 1 was laid, fol
lowed by the awakening, i
Jennie appears to be one of the few of
the get of Himyar unable to run in muddy
going. .
Track Notes.
2241. SIXTH RACE— Six . furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400. .
'index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2118 Duckoy, 4, 109.Hennessy 4 2 2 1 t ¦ Hi
1E36 Urchin. 4, 108 Mounce 1 4 10 3 % 2 1
. 2153 Clarando, 5, 109..Ransch 2 1 n 2 2 3 1
2197 Genua. 5, 109.... Bennett 3 . 3 3 4 15 4 20
(2197) Jennie, 5, 109..Dominick 5 5 10 5 13 5 20
220S S. of Tarsus, 4, 108.Hwll-6 6 6 6
Time— U. :24%: Yz, :48%; %, 1:16. Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
der, H. L. Jones' b. g. by imp. Brutus-Decoy
Duck. Winner was carded as the winner night
before. Urchin a- fair "mudder." Too far for
Genua. Jennie left her speed behind. Scratched
— Mike Strauss 108, Santa Lucia 103, John
Welch 108, Vantine 106, Gold Finder 108, Daniel
108. : ¦ ¦ • > - • •< ¦
Betting— Duckoy, 9-5; Urchin, 5; Clarando, 9;
Genua, 11-2; Jennie, 18-5; Saul of Tarsus, 15.
2240. FIFTH. RACK— Six furlongs; selling;
fcur-year-olds and up; purse. $400.,
Index, . Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. '¦¦%. Str. Fin.
.2032 Spry Lark,, a, 109.Mnce 4 1 2 '¦..". ' 13
2197 Sw. William, 6. lll.Dom 6 2 % ... 2 n
2^26 The Singer, 4, lOS.Ranch 8 3 1 ..; 32
£202 Pilot, '4 109. Conley 5 4 % ... 4%
2211 M'ch Seven, 4, 106.Murph 3 81 ' ... 6 1
2143 Dr. Marks, -6, lll-.Wedd 9 .9 10 ... 6 4
2172 Dolore, a, 109 Enos 1- 7 h ... '7 2
1 2109 Loconomo, 6, 109.Hennsy.7 5-2 ¦ ... '82
2156 Fidel Youlln, 4, 109.Shlds 2 6 % ! ... '92
2194 Ricardo. a, 111 ...SeelO 10 •-..'. 10
2025 Pongo • 6, lll.Burlingamll 11 ... 11
2206 Perhaps, a, lll....Stuartl2 12 .... 12
Time— tf, :24%; ' Yi. :49%; . %. 1:16%7 Good
start., Woi easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, M. Quinn's ch. m. by Fltzjamea-
Fabiola. Spry Lark runs an occasional good
race, but Is unreliable. William- showed Just
a trace of old form. Enos on Dolore ocizel
•.vlth stage fright. Loconomo hot off the coals.
Betting— Spry Lark, 20;. Sweet William, 8;
The Singer, 4; Pilot, 12; March Seven, 20; Dr.
Marks, 20; Dolore 2; Loconomo; 7-2; Fidel
Youlin, 10; Ricardo, 30; Pongo, 50; Perhaps, 50.
2239. FOURTH RACE — Four furlongs;
two-year-old maidens; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, "Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2177 Royalty, 105 Mounce 8 2 2 ... 11
2213 Oratossa, 105...Dominlck 2 14 ... 2 5
2201 Silesian. HO.Wedderstnd 13 1 ... 3 3
2010 Sister Abbie, 105-Ransch 6 4 1 ... 4 1
217S Porous. 113 l.Phelan 9 5 2 ... 5 1
2179 Priam. 105 : Kelly 3 7 2 .... 6 2
2099 Remele 108. Bennett 4 6h ... 7 2
2177 Musique, 110 See 7 8 3 ... 8 4
1703 Charrette, 113. .Otis 5 9 ... 9
Time— Yt, :24; M. :30^i. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr. &
t'c.'s b. g. by imp." Cavalier-Empress of Nor
folk. Every dog has his day and Royalty
bobbed up serenely. He outfooted Oratossa
last 100 yard3. Silesian outfooted.' Others ordi
nary. Scratched— You You 110, Dandy 103, Phil
Crimmins 113. • ' .- • ' *• '. .-'
Betting— Royalty, 9-2; Oratossa, 4; Silesian.
7-5; Sister Abbie, 8; Porou3, 60; Priam, 60;
Remele 40; Musique; 8; Charrette, 60.'. '..;'_
Walkenshaw turned a I triple somersault
through a gas pipe and landed with the goods
on. Bogus Bill weakly ridden. Brownie An
derson did her best. Buffoon outclassed.
Scratched— Goldone 111. Moringa 112. ¦ »Left.
Betting— Walkenshaw, 9-2; Bogus Bill, 4; Rio
Chico, 8; Brownie Anderson, 7-2; The Buffoon,
12; Osmond, 25; Vain, 25; Maydlne, 25; Lava
tor,. 6.
Time— U. :26%; %, :51%; %, 1:18; mile, 1:45.
Good start except Lavator. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, A. G. Blake
ley's blk. h. by imp. Dochart-Pearl Street.
223S. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling;
.four-year-olds and up; : purse, $400. .
Index, Horse,' Wt. Jockey. St. ¦ &. Str. Fin.
2219 Walkenshaw, a, 115. Ruiz 111 1 1% 1 4
2210 B. • Bill. 4. 108. ..Murphy 2 3 h 3 2 2 2
(2196) Rio Chlco, 6. 112. Mounce 3 7 6 6 2 3 2.
2193 B. Anderson,, 106.Domnk 6 4 h 4 % 4 n
(2097)T. Buffoon, 4, HO.Hensy 4 5 2 2 2 52
2194 Osmond, 5, 112.... Conley 7 2^ 51 6 3
2218 Vain, . 4, 10? .Shields 8 6 1 - 7 10 7 12
2153 Maydlne, 4,' 106...Howell 5 8 8 8
2210 Lavator, 5, 112 See*,
2237. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maid
en two-year-olds; purse, ?400.
Index, Horse, •Wt,'. Jockey. St. .%. Str. Fin.
2201 Barklyite, 115 ......Ruiz 4 3 1 ... 1 n
2123 Lulette. 110 Conley 5 2 3" ...-'• 2 1
2225 Carlo, 108 Henry 6 i 5 1 ... 3 1
2165 Phyllis, 110 Hafley 8 . 7 % , ... 41
2189 Hainanlt, 110 ..Frawley 7 6 1 ... 5 3
2179 Yrsula, 110 ... See 3 4 h ... 66
2201 Frank Bain, 108....Domk 1 In... 7 1
.... W. Boy. 113 ....MouncelO 10 ... 8 2
2141 Achilles, 113 Loguell 11 ... 9 4
2189 Tibs, 110 .'.Russell 9 9 3 ... 10 1
2179 Dan Coilins, 110....Enos 2 8 5 ... 11
Time— V*, :24tf; %. :50. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, Atkin & Lot
trldge's b. g. by imp. Star Ruby-Hlnda Dwyer.
Barklyite stood i a drive gamely. Conley was
outridden. Carlo in heavy going. Phyllis will
bear watching. Bain can't stay..
Betting— Barklyite. 6; Lulette,' 5; "Carlo, 4;
Phyllis, -15; Hainault, 5; Yrsula, 7; Frank Bain,
20; Wandering , Boy, 15; Achilles, coupled with
Barklyite; Tibs, 200; Dan Collins, 12.
223O. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
tbree-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. ««4. Fin.
222S Thornwiid, ll)3..Wedrstd 7 6 2 ' 2 1 11
2W9 Master Cal, 109... O" Con 2 3b I! 2h
2212 M. Hildreth, lOT.Mounce 1 4 h- 4 h . 3 h
2212 The Gafflr, 109.. .Murphy 6 9 V4 6 >4 4-5
213S C. Bravo, 109 Conley 3 1 % 1 1 5 *
2176 Matilda O, lC7..Burlgme 5 10 10 8 1 6 }fc
2228 Mei Ida, 107 ...Dominlck 8 8 1. 9 7 2
iO78 Sissenvine, 104 See 9 - 2 H 5 2 8 1
1S57 Cousin Carrie. 107..EnoslO 5 1431 9
2218 Bcrendos, 112 Bennett i, 7 2 10 10
.... Bowden, 109......Banschllll 11 11
Time— Y*. :23;. %, :49%; %, 1:17%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, K. L. Ldger's ch. g. by Thornwlld-WUda.
Winner right at home In the mud. 'Master
Cal ran In streaks. Mamie Hildreth not rid
den to best advantage. Meridano "mudder."
Cousin Carrie Is no wonder. Scratched— Quibo
109. • • , •
Betting— Thornwiid, 12; Master Cal, 5; Ma
mie Hildreth, 8-5; The Gafflr, 15; Catherine
Bravo, 40; Matilda O, 20; Merida, 5; Sissen
vine, 15; Cousin Carrie, 8; Berendos, 12; Row
d»r, 60. • / •
TAHTORAN
PABK-Wednesday, April
3, 1901.— Weather fine. Track muddy.
CHICAGO/. April 3.— George H. Phillips,
whose daring operations in grain have
made him the cynosure of all speculative
eyes interested in the* cereal markets,
passed a crisis in his career, on the Board
of Trade to-day. -. He' was driven from
the wheat pit, the weakest of his de
fenses, but stood firm behind the breast
works of corn and oats which he has
thrown. up during the past few weeks.' .
Monday a call for additional margins
was made and the young speculator put
up $220,000. Yesterday it was reported
that an additional call would be made to
day and that a tremendous onslaught,
calculated to force him to the wall, would
be made by the big operators.
At the tap of the opening gong to-day
the attack came. ¦ Phillips produced $200,
000 additional margin money In response
to the second call. Severely pressed he
retreated from the wheat' pit after sell
ing 1,500,000 bushels of wheat at a loss
which will probably average V-A cents per
bushel. *;r.\ \
May wheat* opened under Mdn-'
day . at 73%c to 73c ' under the deluge of
sales, but steadied at the decline and re
acted to 72%c. The corn market, in
which Phillips is said to be interested to
the extent of 'eight , or ten million bush
els, broke %@lM>c . at the opening, sell
ing simultaneously from 43%c to 42c.
The volume of business during the first
ten minutes was enormous, but the mar
ket received spirited support from the
young bull leader, who absorbed heavy
lines through brokers. Weak longs
scrambled to get out • from under what
they thought to be a crumbling market,
but others rallied to Phillips' side. The
first outburst over, trade became less ex
cited, and May corn worked gradually
back to 3c. / In oats the attack was also
strenuous, but again Phillips, holding a
line estimated at 5,000,000 bushels, defend
ed himself with great spirit, and the open
ing loss of i£c was nearly, all recovered
during the first hour. '
Other markets, notably St. Louis, were
weakened yesterday by the bears In prep
aration for the. flght here to-day; . it is
said. A decline at Liverpool, it was also
reported, was in a measure due to
manipulations from this side. , * From 43c
May corn on later trading reacted to 40%c.
Profit taking by shorts and buying for a
turn caused a rally from, this to 42%c. The
closing price was 41%c, l%c under Mon
day's close. May wheat closed 2c lower
at 72%@72M>c, after having touched 71%c.
May oats closed %@%c depressed to 24%c.
The afternoon had been as trying as the
earlier part of the day to Phillips, but he
retired from the floor apparently cool and
confident.
"The market," he said, "needed a
shake-up."
Speculators Try to Force Him, to the
Wall, but He Holds Out
With / Corn and
Phillips, the Daring Grain
Operator, Passes His
¦ ; First Crisis. - /
FIGHTS UNITED
CEREAL KINGS
Whites Defeat the Reds by a Very Close Score;
Society and the General Public Witness a Game
/ Which Was. Full of Brilliant and Spectacular Features
EXCITING IS THE POLO CONTEST
ON CITY'S PLEASURE GROUND
The "Under Thirties" and the "Over
Thirties" expressed themselves as being
most satisfied with the day, which as far
as weather went was perfect. The field
was a trifle soft after the rain, but that
was of no material hindrance to the play
ing, which was earnest and even fierce at
times. The "Under Thirties"— the Whites
—won by a score of 7 to 6. They were
always in the .lead, but to keep this ad
vantage necessitated the closest kind of
hard work and reckless playing. In the
fifth period, with the score 6 to 5, Super
visor Joe Tobin emitted a few oaths as
the Reds were baffled and thrice cheated
of a score by the uncertain reflection of
the ball outside .the' posts. Walter Ho
bart played a star' game, as did Charles
Menzies and Tom Driscoll. .The Mayor
took up the vl.ewp.oint from both Bides of
the gTeen. Under the trees were the pon
ies-rscores of them, cared for by grooms
and hostlers, -who- were as thick as a
swarm of. bees. ¦
4
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain i*
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEAN TEA VEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
_ Steamers leave Broadway
,i wharf, San Francisco:
w%». For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
BSSJ"*^: April 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26, Mr
leKSfc^X**^ 1- Change to company >
I5ffe$r*tSl steamers at Seattle.
EwMSMMai! *" or Victoria. Vancouver (H
KrJ*k5i*^3 C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
'/"fflBOEHn Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
lif- and New AVhatcom (Wash.)—
"¦•ft al a . m .. April 1. 6. 11. 16. 21.
9R \t i" 1 and every n«h day thereafter.
Chain, at 'Seattle for this company's steamers
for \laska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P Vv.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Tcr Eureka Humboldt Day-2 p. m.. April 3.
8. l£ 18, 237 28. May 3. and every fifth day
Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
K ol es) _Steamer Queen. -Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uco» Pert Harford (San Lul» Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. fcan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a.m.; steamer Bo-
° For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pu. Santa Rosa-
lia and Ouaymas tMex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
For further information obtain company' •
The comDany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
rtreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco*
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 »: m.
CADC $'2 First Class Including Berth
rAnt $9 Second Class and Meat*.
COLUMBIA Sails. ......Apr. 3. «• % mIv I
GEO "W ELDER Sails... Apr. 8, iS. 28, May s
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and to all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
1 B E. C. WARD. General Affent.
1 Montgomery st.
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin,
s. s. jeanie,
P. H. MASON. Master.
S.SJHRASHBR
•';'•• T. L.' ELLIS, Master.
Will leave San Francl3co oil
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE goes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April 26.
S S. VALENCIA. J. M. Lane. Master, leaves
San Francisco May 24. 1901, and Seattle May
30, 1901, for Nome, Teller, Behrlng, Golofnin,
etc. • ¦ ¦
For passage and freight apply to .
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO..
J0 CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW 70BK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, FABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork April lOJNew Tork May t
Vaderland April 17 St. Paul Mays
St. Louis April 241 St. Louis May 15
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Southwark April lClZeeland .....Hay 1
Westernland ...April 17 Friesland May ft
Kensington . . . .April 24 1 Southwark May 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. I>. TATLOR,
General Acent Paclfls Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
• — — —
SfEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3. HONGKONG Bu'ARU.Tuesday. April 9. 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3. 1001
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. I9fll
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R, R,~'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. , $1OS: Steerage, $4O.
S.S.Leelana-w sails Saturday, April 2G
S.S. Argyll sails . . Monday, May .6
S. S. sails . . Monday, May 20
From Wharf. Harrison St.. 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, -330 Market »t
J. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanic xs.co. sssssn
; SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) ...1. -
Saturday. April 6, 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia :
v Wednesday. April 17, 9 p. ra.
J. D.SPBECXELS k BROS. CO., Csceral Agents. 327 Vartet St
Gen'l Passngw Oifics, 643 Varicat St., Pisr Ho. 7, Pacfi! St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
A. Victoria.Apr.ll.lOamj Columbia ..'. May 2
Deutschland Ap.l8,3pm|F. Bismarck May 9
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
•Bulgaria April 6f 'Phoenicia April 20
Pretoria April 13' Patricia April 27
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
rJamburg-Amerlcao Line. 37 B'way. N- Y,
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Ccast, 401 California street.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO,
And CIA-6UD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section 2,
Seawall. 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....Apr. 9iPERU .....Apr. ...
L.IMARI Apr. 17. GUATEMALA .May ..
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 31« California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0MPAONI3 GSNEEALE T3A53ATLAMTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <4?/TiS»
'Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. —^ryfep*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to. Havre. 155 and upward. 8econd clas» to
Havre, *45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 6 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francfsco. Tickets »old by
all Railroad -Ticket Agents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The pitcher that goes often to the
well is broken at last." There's a world
of wisdom in that familiar proverb, and
a sound application of it to disease,
especially to such familiar forms of dis-
ease as coughs and colds. Singularly
enough the very thing that ought to
cause alarm is given as excuse for a feel-
ing of safety. "It's nothing; only a
cough. I've had it "
before." The fact ¦
that a cough re- -f^^^^^^^g^g?*
cure periodically
should- be warning (&QKBBS3B3S* t
enough, to take it A^^ft^wS^'
in time, for the j^Sf^t/c/n
most serious and |ffi^/^r-"vr^(
disastrous of all jgSpvCr \) \\ol\
maladies begins Z^jfrJ^yk Vy V
The use of Dr. (f p \ akfjf
Pierce's Golden f J A/* s \*iii
Medical Discovery .^T»^. f • "V^wi
not only stops the )^«. *H^^\Jf
cough but cures ¦^X-cdV^fls^'V^
the cause. It cures *«0§5^?ffiKf2§^
seated coughs, rv-m < :^
bronchitis, weak j^r*^y
lungs, hem or- £> *^
rhages, diseases -r. :.;;¦'¦
which if neglected or unskilfully treated
find a fatal termination in consumption.
Accept no substitute for " Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is no other med-
icine "just as good" for weak lungs.
"I was very sick indeed," writes Mrs. Mollie
Jacobs, of Felton, Kent Co., Delaware, "and our
family doctor said. I had consumption. I thought
I must die soon for I felt so bad. Had a bad
cough, spit blood, was very short of breath, in
fact could hardly get my breath at all some
times. I had pains in my chest and right lung,
also had dyspepsia. Before I took your ' Golden
Medical Discovery ' and '. Pleasant Pellets ' I was
so weak I. could not sweep a room, and now
I can do a small washing. I 'worked in the
canning factory this fall, and I feel like a new
person. I believe that the I«ord and your medi-
cine have saved my life. I was sfek over two
years. I took thirteen bottles of the 'Golden
Medical Discovery,' and four vials of Dr. Pierce's
Pellets.", ;i,' . .
"Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt' of 21 . one-cent stamps -to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. - .
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS
Steamer "Montlcello." -
MON./ TCES./ WED.. • THURS. AND BAT.
at 9:43 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 P. m. Landing and office, Mls-
«ion-«t. Dock, Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
&£S Cured While
v^^^r You Sleep
Jjft&W Fifteen Days
-"Gran-Solvent" dissolves Stricture like snow b«>
oe*th the sun. rednce* Knlarged ProMate ana
rrecpt hens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains tat
BbImIobs la Fifteen Days. ,,--•; ,
Ho Ann to ruin the stomach, bnt • direct local
Md positive application totbe entire urethral trad
Orln-SolTem Is not a Mould. It Is prepared 1»
the form of Crayon* or Pencils, smooth aodoexlfcl*
til to or.rro w as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tfte St. James Assn.. Box SK4. Cincinnati. O« hM
mwxtA at frrest expense an exhaust- pr pf I
freiUwtrjitid Treatise upon tbe male L P L L |
tb*r.wlU tend U) wfn[rj
. Bftle applicant, • .""M" ¦
ST. JAMES ASSN.,_ 26O S 1 nn S .Ti;ohio.
'.{I'Jolm Strangle Winter, Charlies
Bjattell Iioomis, S. E. ' Kiser; I
' Marion , Harland, are 5 some of ,
- tne" names of ' the contributors
,to..tlTe. special Easter t edition
of The Call. You know they
«. can write; and .these , stories 1
rank among their best efforts. •
miss ¦ next Sunday'sUNCLESAM'S SOLDIERS HAVE
• A NEW METHOD OF SQUAR^
ING ACCOUNTS.
. LECTURE ON ART.— The • curator of - the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art lectured yes
terday at Mills College on the "Relation of
Art to the Higher Life."
Salesmen Have Their Evenings.
That , their. . salesmen/: may have } their
evenings to ] themselves the firm Of M.
Friedman • & - Co., furniture.".; carpets and
draperies, 233-235-237. Post street, will closa
evenings. ; Beginning April 8 they. wMl
close at 6.p.'.m.; except Saturday even
ings 'and , evenings ' before holidays.' ¦ •¦;* • •'
A WONDERFUL INVENTION.
tune Forsooth".
It Involved the Expenditure of a For-
The Impression that has gone abroad through
out our country that one of the greatest in
dustries of the past - decade was on the de
cline is a mistaken one. - During the exceed
ingly dull times from IS92 to '¦• 1S96 there was
¦no industry that gave employment to such an
army of .first-class mechanics and tool makers
as did the bicycle business. It posslbiy, reached
its zenith in 1895. at which time the prices for
high grade bicycles began to decline very rap
idly, until now instead of $150 being the price
of a high grade bicycle one-third of. that buys
the best there is on the market It is safe to
say that had It not been for pneumatic j tires
the bicycle would never have come into general
uee. This was the one invention that made it
popular almost from the start.
About four years ago another Invention was
brought out that has proven the second great
est Invention ever added to this popular device
It was not like the pneumatic tires however"
in one respect. In that the trade wanted it
at sight, but • it required months and years
of patient, persistent work to convince . the
public that It was what the manufacturers and
inventors claimed for it. The device is known
now as the Morrow Coaster ' and Brake. • At
present . the - factory (a very large one) is be
ing operated day and night, and has been for
the past year.. It has now a capacity of more
than one thousand brakes per day, which are
going to cyclists in air parts of the civilized
world. The . advantage of this well, known
device is that a ¦ cyclist always has -' his "or
her mount under control, and when going down
a Slight Incline or hill the feet can rest per
fectly still on the pedals, and In case the
speed is too much accelerated, a slight back
ward - pressure of either pedal will set the
brake automatically.— Ithaca Daily Journal.'.
A committee from the Polishers and
Varnishers' Union was before the execu
tive committee of the San Francisco
Federation of Labor last night to urge
the grievance of the union against
Henry Harris, who had his cigar store
fitted up by an unfair shop, and to se
cure some action by the executive com
mittee and the federation favorable to
ths polishers and varnishers.
It was a long session and there was a
great deal of talk, but no action .was
taken by the executive committee until
the visiting committee had departed.
Nor Is it admitted that. any action at all
has been taken, for the executive com
mittee refuses to give out the result cf
its deliberations. The questions dis
cussed were In regard to the attitude of
Harris, and then how far any retaliation
should be prosecuted. The committee will
report to the federation to-morrow night
and then the matter will probably bo
settled. . ",..'..
The visit of the Polishers and Varnish
ers' committee was prompted by the
decision of the Labor Council not to ta«*
any action in the boycot until a 'definite
request, accompanied by a recital of. all
the facts, had been presented. There
has oeen no intimation, however, as to
how far the council will go in any In
dorsement it may give, even should it de
cide to mix in the matter.
The following communication has been
presented for publication by Theodore F.
Bonnet, secretary of the Baseball
League, in which he sets forth the atti
tude of the league:
Would Oust Harris.
To the Editor of The Call: The attitude of
the labor organizations of San Francisco
toward the California Baseball League has
been so persistently misrepresented by Civil
Service Commissioner P. II. McCarthy that 1
feel- that laboring men and the public in gen
eral should be vouchsafed a statement of the
facts The directors of the California League
were first informed of the threatened boycott
on oi»about March 1. when Henry Harris, of
the firm of Henry Harris & Co., cigar dealers,
sent me a letter which he had received from
the Building Trades Council informing him
that as he had patronized the L. & E. Eman
uel Company in fitting up his private place of
business his clear store or any place of amuse
ment in which he . was interested would be
subjected to a boycott. Upon inquiry I learned
that the eontrcct for fitting up his store^ was
awarded on or about January 23 by his part
ner, Ted Goodman, the active manager of his
business, who has no interest in the California
Baseball League; tliat he (Goodman) was noti
fied of the unfair character of the Emanuel
Company early in February, and that he then
expressed deep regret at having patronized a
non-union concern. As Mr. Harris has not
more than a one-twelfth interest in the league
1 felt that when Informed of the facts Mr.
McCarthy would see the Injustice of the pro
posed boycott, and that the Building • Trades
Council would be content to attack the cigar
business. I was mistaken. I found that the
Civil Service Commissioner was eager to pun
ish everybody that had the remotest connec
tion with Mr. Harris in a business way, with
the exception perhaps of the Market Street
Railway Company, in which Mr. Harris owns
stock, but which, Mr. McCarthy acknowledges
to me. was too powerful to attack. He told me
that my only redress was to retire from busi
ness or to drive Mr. Harris out, a task which,
I pointed out, was beyond my power. -.» .--.¦.
Thls conversation took place in the Mayor's
office In the presence of C. W. Fay. the
Mayor's secretary; who suggested that Mr.
Harris might settle the difficulty by selling his
stock, but Mr. McCarthy declared that such
a sale would be viewed with ¦' suspicion.
Throughout, the ' conversation his manner and
words were those of a man who was in a
position to wield an arbitrary and tyrannical
power, and who purposed doing it.
Meanwhile the Varnishers' • and Polishers'
tlnion. which is a member of the Building
Trades Council, requested through Its dele
gate that the executive committee oT the
Labor Council declare the San Francisco base
ball team (not the league) unfair and that, by
the way, is quite different from asking for a
boycott. The executive committee investigated
the matter and while it was pending I was
assured by members of the committee that they
regarded the action of the Building Trades
Council as unjust: ' , -
At the last meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Labor Council It was decided to take
no action in the matter pending a Tnore definite,
request from j the Vamishers' and Polishers'
Union and at a meeting of the whole council
Friday night the wji-iort of .the executive com-
A panoramic view of certain industries
of California is afforded by the eleventh
annual report of President N. P. Chip
man of the State Board of Trade, which
was submitted" to the. board ' yesterday.
The document is voluminous, embracing
tables that fairly bristle with statistics
derived from various official and semi
official sources. There are no statistics
of home consumption, for these were i.et
available. • , v
"The purpose," said. General Chipman,
"rather* is to - show the growth and pro
gress of certain branches of our agricul
tural industries as bringing wealth to the
State from without its borders and as a
direct reinforcement of our capital .en
gaged in these pursuits." -
These comparative facts stand out
prominently from the body of the report:
In* ten years- the shipments per annum to
the East, of fruits, wines, brandy and
vegetables have increased 50,602 carloads,
the total last year being 66,797 carloads.
Reckoning the ten-ton cars on which the
estimates are based and allowing . only
thirty feet to a car, it is seen that it
would take a train over 379 miles long, or
about j the -distance from Sacramento to
the ' head . of . the San Joaquin "Valley to
carry these products alone.
The horticultural industries of the State,
embracing the orchard, vineyard and gar
den, bring in more than - three times as
much money from without -the State than
is received for California's total exports
of cereals. Still, the output of cereals
has not been reduced materially, nor has
the production of wool. The mines reach
the annual output of more than $30,000,000.
The lumberman has found that the home
market. for packing boxes is worth more
to him than his entire export trade.' In
short, ¦ fruit-growing has added a ' jiew
source of wealth to the State without in
terfering with any other industry.
Northern California last year shipped
80,799 carloads of green deciduous "fruits,
while Southern ¦ California shipped only
nineteen carloads. On the other hand.
Southern California shipped 21,818 car
loads of citrus fruits aud,^Northern Cali
fornia sent out only 827 carloads.- •
"There went. from' the. north," reports
General . Chipman, "8490 carloads of dried
fruits and from Southern California 369;
of raisins there. went from the north 3421
carloads and from the south 161; of canned
fruits from the north 4563 carloads and
from the south 492. To. the shipments
from the. north should be added those by
sea from San Francisco,- amounting to
3284 carloads." The magnitude of the cit
rus industry in the south will be appre
ciated when it is observed that it amounts
to nearly as many, carloads as the nortn
sends out of green deciduous fruits, dried
fruits and rai/ins combined." v
The vegetiole industry of the north'sur
passed that- of - the. south last year, 2757
carloads . going from the north and 2053
from the south. The north shipped S187
carloads of wines and brandy to 176 from
the south. /'It -will. be seen," says. Gen
eral Chipman. "that, as except the citrus
fruits,' the orchards and vineyards of Cali
fornia are in '¦ the north and " that nearlv
all the oranges and lemons '¦ are in the
south." * . ,
¦ ; The shipments of green deciduous fruits
fell off- 576 carloads in 1900, while citrus
fruit shipments gained 9462 carloads; dried
fruits gained 312 carloads; canned fruits,
31 carloads; vegetables. ; 1736 carloads;
wines and brandy 353 carloads, and raisins
3 carloads. - There was.- a net gain "all
around of 11.315 carloads, cf which nearly
9000 were citrus, fruits. . •.
Many pages were devoted to miscellan
eous interesting facts. - -• Attention was
called by ¦ General Chipman . to - the fact
that the dairy output- was worth 55,000,000
more • than all the wheat and- flour ex
ported : last year. It is . not , possible to
exaggerate the ; importance of the beet
sugar, industry to the State. General Chip
man says. .Of the "163.458.075 pounds of
sugar produced. in the United States last
year 86,741,713 'pounds were credited . to
California.:- ¦ . ..• •¦•¦¦-.
Varnishers and Polishers
Wait on Federation
Committee.
INDORSEMENT FOR
BOYCOTT ASKED
mlttee was adopted. These facts appear in the
records and. may be easily verified. Yet when
they were published Mr. McCarthy, who says
that he wants 'no assistance from the Labor
Council, made strenuous efforts to have a jglnt
.meeting of the representatives of both the
Building Trades and Labor" Councils for the
purpose of securing a denial. And to this end
his agents resorted to underhand work, which
has been denounced In bitter terms by members
of the Labor Council, whom he tried to in
veigle Into his trap. He caused notices of a
meeting to be sent out without authority from
the Labor Council, yet there were only two
representatives of the Labor Council present,
and to-day I am told they regret their partici
pation. After securing a certified copy of the
minutes he incorporated it in a letter to the
press and inserted this statement, which is ac
knowledged by the Labor Council to be false
and unfair:
•Every good union man in San Francisco and
in the State, no matter what his affiliations
may be. will do his duty by It (the Building
Tredes boycott) until Mr. Harris is out of the
baseball business."
The misleading character of that statement
is evident from the fact that the minutes of
the Labor Council, the only federation of or
ganized labor In this city, has decided to take
no action pending: a more definite request from
the v arnisbers' and Polishers' Union.
The Fri?nd of Labor.
From these facts I think it must be apparent
to any honest citizen that Mr. McCarthy has
been guilty of conduct unworthy a member of
a commission which is charged with the duty
of conscientiously putting into effect the civil
service laws of this city. He poses as. the
friend of laboring men, but while I have no de
sire to pose I wish to submit that as the pro
prietor of a union printing office, who granted
the nine r hour Fchedule one year In advance of
every union office in town, and whose . action
was recog-nized by election to honorary mem
bership In the Tynoaraplcal Union, per
haps. I have attested my friendship to the in
terests of labor and am in a position to ask
for treatment somewhat less rigorous than that
which the Muscovite ruler accords to his sub
jects. Respectfully, -
THEO.' F. BONNET,
Secretary California Baseball League.
Behind the Metal Polishers, who have
struck work because their employers de
clined to accede to the demand for an
eight-hour day, stands the Buffers',
Platers' and Brass Workers' union. These
unions will at the meeting of the Labor
Council to-night ask for a boycott against
the following firms: :-/
Globe Brass and Bell Foundry, J. Rcylance
Brass Works, Golden West Plating Works,.
W. T. Garratt & Co.. San Francisco Novelty
Works, Pacific Plating and Metal Works.
Kagle Bra?s Foundry. E. G. Dennlston Plat
ing Works. Schaezlein & Burridge, Central
Plating Company. California Artistic Metal
WorkE, Particelll Platinsr Company, Union Iron
Works, J. W. Burchaell. " ,
The Plasterers have secured a scale of
$5 a day, an increase of $1. They also get
a half holiday on Saturday.
The city sweepers have organized
with 100 names on the roll. The union
will not interfere with the present city
contract, which expires at the end of
next June, but will take action with the
next contractor, whoever he may be
They want ?2 50 a day and 8 hours' work
for both night and day shifts and uni
forms furnished and kept clean by the
contractor.
The Assistant Undertakers' Protective
Association completed its organization
last night.- No action was taken In re
gard to the boulevard ordinance, as it
was decided that the association had no
jurisdiction in the matter.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
California Camera Club the following offi
cers were elected for. the ensuing year:
President, J. W. Erwin.\ first vice presi
dent, W. B. .Webster; second vice presi
dent, H. B. Hosmer; secretary, W. E. Pal
mer; treasurer, Dr. E: G. Eisen; corre
sponding 4 secretary, C.\ E. Ackennan;
librarian, I. O. Crosscup; directors— A. L.
Coombs, John J. Lermen. Charles A. Goe
and H. T. Henning. ¦.-.-'¦ ¦-¦.¦ ¦' .
The repprt of President Erwin, who has
succeeded himself for. four. years, showed
that the club was never in a better finan
cial condition. At present the club is the
largest in the world, and the enthusiasm
created by the recent salon has stimulat
ed the amateur photographers to renewed
effort and enterprise.
Camera Club Election.
CMpman Reports Progress
to State Board- of ¦
Olympic Handball.
The Olympia *Club double handball
tournament was continued last . night.
Bowman and Curley, In an exciting and
extremely close game, beat Duffy and
Hewson 51 — 19. \V. .Kennedy and Crable
defeated Wagner and Crable 51—47. the
latter team having a. handicap' of 20.
Gleason and Louie Levy. Powers and
Green and Mallon and Tait forfeited and
were each penalized a game.
FORWARD MARCH
OF CALIFORNIA
fully a dozen collectors for firms doing
business just outside the gate of the Pre
sidio. The business men had trusted the
men of the Thirtieth for clothing bills
amounting in many individual Instances
to $50 and they were being paid in full by
tosses into the air from a tarpaulin in the
hands cf the men who owed the largest
amounts. •
The first man to be sent in quest of an
airship was • Jake Weinberg. - He made
several trip3, reporting "nothing doing"
upon their completion. He was followed
by .Dave Stampa, who. with bills in one
hand and change in another, came dovm
thoroughly satisfied that a business on
terra firma was more to his liking.
Stampa reported upon his arrival that
telephonic communication between the
planets was established, he havirtg hit the
wires.
. Following Starnpa came "Mo" Davis
and M. Stock. They were sent skyward
with vigor,' as it was rumored among the
soldiers that their pockets were hlled with
loose change and their impromptu trips
to the clouds would afford opportunity for
they would have stopped if the particular
kind of "mankind" .they worked on had
not given out.. . ¦ ¦
The merchants lost $7000 as a result of
the "blanket work." Quite a number of
bills were collected at the railroad ticket
office when the men -went to secure their
tickets, but the majority of . the men ot
the Thirtieth: succeeded in getting their
civilian outfits free of cost.
Numerous warrants have been, issued
and those men of the regiment owing bills
who did. not succeed in getting out - ot
town last night will • be arrested this
morning. ;..
MAKES ORDERS
IN ORDER'S LAWS
Work of the Grand^Lodge of
Ancient Order of United
Workmen.
Uam.es 2£emorial Day in Remem
brance of the Dead of the Year.
The Per Capita Tax
Payments.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen
of California yesterday morning the ap
peal of L. G. Schord against Burns Lodge
in the matter of granting a dispensation
for a second ballot for a candidate who
had been rejected was referred back to
the committee on appeals to take testi
mony.
The only other appeal was from Sacra
mento Lodge in relation to the power of
a. committee to make a purchase for the
lodge on the ground that the words "that
the committee purchase" did not give it
power to expend the money of the lodge,
was decided against the lodge.
Declared a Memorial Day.
The application of Liberty Lodge for re
lief from payment of Grand Lodge dues
on account of loss of funds through the 1
dishonesty of one of its officers was re
ferred to a special committee.
The report of the committee on laws
p.nd amendments in relation U) by-laws
was adopted, with the exception of one re
lating to Temple Lodge, which adopted a
by-law to establish an optional sick
benefit feature. The Grand Lodge de
cided that the lodge has a right to have
?uch a feature, members having the op
tion to join or stay out.
An amendment by Representative Burke
of Ooncordia Lodge that lodges have au
thority to meet once a month, instead of
Femi-monthly or weekly, was defeated.
An amendment offered by Representative
Stock of Franklin Lodge that no one should
be elected or appointed a grand officer who
is a grand officer of any other fraternal
assessment association or an agent for
or officer of a life insurance company, was
not adopted.
Another amendment by the same repre
sentative, fixing responsibility on lodge
recorders for neglect to furnish semi
annual reports and providing a penalty,
was adopted.
An amendment also presented by Repre
sentative Stock that January 18, the anni
versary of the death of Father Upchurch,
the founder of the order, be observed as a
memorial day by lodges individually or
collectively in memory of members that
have passed away during the year was
adopted.
An amendment by Representative Booth
of Southern California Lodge that a medi
cal examiner's certificate must be ap
proved by the grand medical examiner be
fore a ballot can be taken on the applica
tion was defeated.
An amendment by Representative
Sewell of Triumph Lodge, that to become
a. past master workman the candidate
must have served at least half of a term,
was defeated.
An amendment by Representative
Worth of Bernal Lodge that where there
is but one candidate for an office in a
subordinate lodge he shall be declared
elected by consent was adopted.
An amendment by Representative Col
lins of Yosemite Lodge that the officers
of one or more lodges may be publicly or
privately installed at a special meeting
was adopted.
Form of Application Changed.'
An amendment by Grand Recorder
Spencer to the form of application for
membership was adopted.
An amendment by Representative Stro
bridse of Haywards Lodge, making the
per capita tax payable in monthly install
ments, was adopted.
An amendment by Representative Betty
that a grand receiver who shajl serve
thre* consecutive terms be accorded the
honor of past grand master workman was
adopted. ¦ - * . - - • ., . - •
The result of the crraDetitlve drill on
Tuesday night by four degree teams re
sulted in the award of prizes in the fo 1
lowing order: Enterprise Lodge. Mount
Hamilton. Sacramento an.l Gllrov.
The reception to the grand officers and
representatives and the ball given by tho
local lodges last night in Odd Fellows'
Hall was largely attended. The hall was
very prettily decorated with the emblems
of the order, flags and ferns and potted
plants.
Those who had charge of the function
•were:
Committee of arrans-ements — San Francisco
Extension Committee (E. Danrorth, president)
Executive committee— M. J. Blackman (chair
man). %V. Malloy (secretary), William Han
etn. J. A. Cunningham. Gus Pohlmann.
Reception committee — Prank Lawrence (chair.
nan). F. J. Map-uire, J. Schilling, Geortre
Crawler. TV. J. Tiernan. S. J. Levy. T. W.
¦U'ard, H. B. B. Chapman. F. H. Terainose, F
V. la Fa'lle, J. A. Courniham.
Floor committee— C. T. Spencer (floor man- j
ajrer>. Dr. A. X. Fuson (assistant floor tnan
ntrer). E. A. Freeman. H. P. Thomas. C B/i
Packard, I. "W". Downs, A. D. Hawley, H. J. !
Bcvferttge. J. P. McDonald. W. IL bay.
The Polytechnic Business College In *ho
Y. M. C. A. building in Oakland has Just
ordered ten New Century typewriters
from the United Typewriter and Supplies
Company. 227 Montgomery street, San
Francisco. Cal. •
Beer Is King as a Taxpayer.
As a producer of internal revenue for
the First district of California beer is
king. The receipts from the tax on the
Gambrinian fluid were $103,859 55 for the
month. Whisky and brandy come next,
with J53.S1G 80. and documentary and pro
prietary stamps come in as a eood third
irith $72,059 S4. Tobacco plves $25,406. The
total collections for March were $339,055 GO.
an Increase of $26,737 96 over those of
March, 1900.
. Henry .- T. Scott, accompanied; by his
wife", will leave here for Washington,
IX . C, : next Sunday. They will return to
California on the special .'¦ train assigned
to the President and his guests.
The President, has not fully, made up
his mind to accept or decline club cour
tesies 7 in ¦¦' San Francisco. Senator Per
kins yesterday received a telegram from
"Washington relating to the Union League
Club's special; Invitation to the President,
but the message did not signify positive
acceptance. When the . President first
glanced over the list of city clubs, em
bracing the Pacific-Union, 'Bohemian,
University, Press, San Francisco, Union
I eague and Cosmos,' he indicated that
the acceptance of an invitation to one
club would imply an obligation to accept
the courtesies of other club institutions,
and he was then of the opinion that his
engagements would not allow him time
to visit all the clubs of San Francisco.
Since, then '¦ he has . been urgently re
q uested to accord one evening to the
Union League and he may be constrained
to cancel some listed engagement and
accept the courtesies of the League.
The executive •committee of citizens ap
pointed to provide measures for ¦ the re
ception and entertainment, of the Presi
dent in San Francisco held a session yes
terday and approved the following ad
dresses: •
To the Citizens of San Francisco—Gentle
men: The approaching visit of the President
of the United States is a notable event of ex
ceptional importance to the present and future
of San Francisco.- President McKinley will be
accompanied by the members of his Cabinet,
the Governor and the Congressional delegation
of Ohio, and other distinguished representa
tives in Congress. -
Not only will it be our privilege as Call
fornlans to show the most liberal hospitality
to our distinguished, guests, but it will be our
duty as citizens • of . the republic to .honor . In
the . most fitting manner the chief executive
of the nation. A citizens' committee has been
entrusted with the task of providing a suita
ble public reception and a finance committee
has been organized to raise the ; necessary
funds. It' is estimated - that $25,000 will
be necessary to defray the expenses of a cred
itable reception. ¦. ' " A ...
In asking your : liberal subscription to this
fund the committee calls attention to the fact
that the present exceptional prosperity or San
Francisco is greatly owing to. the large funds
expended In this State - during . the past two
years by the national Government, and fur
ther calls attention to. the many benefits that
¦will accrue • to this city from this notable
event. , A fitting and hospitable reception to
our noted guests will- not only add valued
prestige to our city and State, , but will also
gain needful friends for California in the na
tional halls of legislation. ;•
Subscriptions will be published in the press
daily At the close of the celebration a de
tailed statement of all contributions and ex
penditures will be published in the daily pres3
or sent to -all subscribers. No advertising
scheme or any personal- measure for gain will
be permitted or indorsed in. connection with
this public reception. The funds will be care
fullv and Judiciously expended. Cordially
yours KXECUTIVE COMMITTEE,
IRVING M. SCOTT, Chairman.
H. U. BRANDENSTEIN, Secretary.
The committee will hold another, meet
ing to-day.
Estimate That a Fund of Twenty-
Five Thousand Dollars Should
Be Provided by San
Francisco.
Fitting Reception Proposed
by Executive Committee
of Citizens.
PLANS TO GREET
THE PRESIDENT
BILL COLLECTTORS TENDERED
WARM RECEPTION AT PRESIDIO
Soldiers of the Thirtieth Infantry Toss Merchants in Army
Blanket Rather Than Pay Them for Civilian Outfits
Secured on Credit Since the Return of the Regiment
5
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 19OK
a scramble. Stock ' dropped $60 as a tip
to the wielders of the blanket in the hope
that the \ three > twenties would cause a
discontinuance of the . war against col
lectors. The : twenties -were ". received
gladly. : but the hoisting apparatus con
tinued at work. By this time the soldiers
had become so imbued with their scheme
of "elevating mankind" that they lost
their powers of distinguishing between
collectors and-professional gentlemen. As
a result the next passengers on the "air
line", were Drs.- Emory and Cohen, who
had dental parlors in the neighborhood of
the Presidio.
The soldiers by this lime became satis
fled that they had done enough "up-lift
ing" for one day. but it is doubtful il
ONE, two, three, . and- he's up,"
yelled fifty blue-clad soldiers at
the Presidio yesterday, and fol
lowing the cry a'human form shot
up into the air fully twenty feet.
turned over, dropped and disappeared
among: the bluejackets. "Once more and
we are even," came the cry, and again
the form appeared In midair and disap
peared as before. "Throw us another,"
cried the soldiers and the performance
wag repeated.
A glimpse Inside the blue circle guarded
by the soldiers of the Thirtieth Infantry
revealed the shaking, shrinking figures cf
AinJSBMXNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS. *
AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL
TSCHERNOFTS DOCS: FULLER. MOLLER
AND BURKE; "A GIRL OF QUALITY":
, HAMILTON HILL, BURT SHEPARD.
CALLAHAN AND MACK. SCOTT AMD
WILSON: BIOGRAPH SHOWING QUEEN
VICTORIA'S FUNERAL, and
LAST WEEK OF
MARIE WAINWRIGHT. Assisted by Edward
Eisner and Company, Presenting:
"JOSEPHINE* -AND. NAPOLEON."
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c ; v opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
oL^ H EAT R eT-IT
TO-NIGHT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Bret Harte's Dramatized Novel,
o..,, TENNESSEE'S
Stony of
"¦*. pardNER.
Eeautiful Realistic Scenery.
PRICES- • - - • - 15c, 25c, 3sc. 5fle
CHUTES_and ZOO
Barnes' Dog and Pony N Show.
LEAH HAYTthe Giantess.
SPEOiAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
SPECIALTIES
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
DAfTC TANFORAN
KAlC3_ PARK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
WEEK APRIL 1ST TO 8TH.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAT.
TUESDAY— HURDLE RACE.
THURSDAY— HANDICAP.
SATURDAY— COLTS' 2ND TRIAL STAKE3.
NEXT WEEK— SEVERAL BIG EVENTS.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets— 7,
9:30. 11:30 a. m.; 12:40, 1. 1:30, 2 p. m.
Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter a"
short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladies
and escorts.
ADMISSION flNCLUDING R~ R- FARE) %l HA-
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racinz Secretary.
nil IA r These hotels pos-
l ALA Lit sess the a «ribnt23
i nurwju thkt tourists and
Q II n travelers appreciate
UlIU — central location,
PDA Kill liberal manage-
U II A fill nient. modem ap-
linTri O point ment3 and
HUrtLoi P erfect cuisine,
llUILUU ! American and En-
Saii f fanCiSCGt ropean plans.
WB6HyCi$L00]BFTfi8P
i f* fft 1 H 1 && 82 B £1 SA1 FBAHCISCO'S
JyU bU ifa P 1ft lEADlflB THEATRE
i;ast I « "Eights— matinee Saturday.
CHARLES " FROHMAN Presents
THE SUCCESS OF THE CENTURY*.
The Little Minister
v>l ;by j. m. barrie!
Founded on his novel of the eame name.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
Blanche Walsh
In the Imperial Spectacle,
MORE THAN QUEEN
cpAT cai R now in
OLA I Of\L»L> PROGRESS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
: LAST NIGHTS or the Biff Muslc^J Hit.
The Wedding Day
No Matinee "Saturday This Week on Account
of Great Preparations for i
"THE IDOL'S EYE"-KootMon!
; -:¦¦':¦ ON
SATURDAY EVENING, April 6.
POPuijV.Il PRICES ........2Sc and 50c
Telephone — Bush 9.
BEIASCO A'oTHMCSjfcfflg,
< V^ UttZTi CITY tUUk
TO-NIGHT and EVERY EVG THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. AND SUNDAY.
Special Engagement of America's Tragedian.
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by the Central Stock Company^ In
• a Stupendous Production of
...THE GLADIATOR...
1CO_ — PEOPLE OX THE STAGE 100
Mr. ' DOwnlng's 1st appearance at popular prices.
DBlfEC Evenings. .......lOc, IBc. Imc. 5<»c
ralVCO Matinees.... lOc. lSe. 25e
Next Week— MR. DOWNING as IXGOMAR.
?r^TtfBL J5y gfl F^^j^y ray Vij iy^aj wr^*t ~ij kSt?*
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
"; SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL, 6TH.
Immense Production of Our Easter Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
INTRODUCTION OF THE NEW EASTERN
STOCK COMPANY.
Miniature Stage and Vaudeville Kntertainme.it.
Mcrosco's , Shetland Ponies and Their l>aby
Offspring.
The Fairy Coach— The Bell Ballet.
Magnificent Scenery. Costumes and Effects.
*-.- ¦¦«••. 100 People ICO.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c Few Seats at 73e.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees Good Orches-
tra Seat . 25c\
»:. -.'1. Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
iBASEJEBSgL;.
**Ladies' Days" T hnrsdays and Fridays
SACRAMENTO 73" S4N FRANCISCO.
LADIES FREE. . .
RECREA TION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
Wrn. McDonald. : Kelcey Sisters. Mabel Mar-
tini De Camp and Murdock. the Malvern Fam-
ily, Tom Mack and Hinrlchs' Orchestra. Re-
served Seats, 25c. Matinee Sufiday.
FOR THE GRIP.
You Have Heard of Many Bemedies.
Did You Ever Try This OneP
Everybody you rrieer on the streets now-
adays either has just nad the grip, is com-
ing down with it or has r. sure cure for it.
The disease has been a puzzle to physi-
cians ever since its appearance several
years ago and It is as much of a puzzle
to-dav as it was then. It exhibits such a
variety- of symptoms in different individ-
uals and leaves such disastrous results
after apparent recoverv that as yet its
prevention and cure has baffled medietu
However, there is no doubt but that the
grip is catarrhal in character and the
leading symptom in noarly every case is
increased secretion in the head and throat;
in fact the first indications of la gripD3
are those of a cold in the head which ex-
tends to the throat and lungs.
Dr. Johnson Ames advises as the safese
course to pursue on the first appearance
of eriD' symptoms to keep to the house for
a day or two and take Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets every hour the first day and'every
two hours the following day. and states
that this will break up .the trouble before
it becomes deep seated. ¦ ,
- These catarrh tablets are antlseDtiear.d
harmless and prevent lover and the fur-
ther development of grip germs and ward
off the ever present danger of pneumonia.
Dr Gerald, Simpson says: "I have
found Stuart's Catarrh Tablets a^jleasant
and thoroughly reliable remedy for the
grip, e&pecially with elderly people with
whom this prevailing disease is always
earigerous; the tablets can be found at
any drug store and if uled freely durin;
the first few days cf the attack will break
La : griope is a catarrhal aiJection.'the
germs are in the air. ana no one is proof
against it. but the timely use of Stuarts
Catarrh Tablets will 'prevent any serloua
results. "'.:.¦;<•¦.' ' . ' -
The Comfortof Our Patrons Is Fully
Considered. We Have Robbed
DENTISTWY
of ail its terrors. To have an arti-
ficial set fitted or a tooth extracted
is not any more trouble than having
a picture taken. We keep abreast
cf recent improvements in the pro-
fession and are quick to give our
patrons the benefit.
$f>.50
Painless fcxtractinfi £1.00
Gold FHIin&s 5.I.OO
or Cement Fillings -SO-SO
Cleaning §0.50
123 Powell St Chalmers Dental Co.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
1 . jjV REST AS YOU RIPEfgfof
TheMorrow nr\
Coaster Brake / J »¦*"!
Guarantees you Absolute C&*n/ort \ Y ' V I
and Pleasure in Cveline- Fits any lAf^^'^r
wheel. Your wheel always under \ijT . I *4, *.
: control. Security on hiUs. A luxury J J
t on the level. . ¦ .- V ¦ 1^1
You Hide SO Miles, but JL, "jSg
Pedal only 35 Miles fg u|T
100.000 <5a:i«Sed riders last year. \S CJ®
; Sold by all dealers. Booklet Free. ¦ ¦ |T*f
". FCMrSE HFG.'cO-,Elmln>,5.T.* ¦ Bf F
OR. MEIERS & CO,
Specialists, Dis- gaT^f y
ease and .Weakness 5sfe£ jtS?*
lished 1SS1. Consul- l| 325*1©
¦tation and: private ' f /r»\ t
book free, at office tglSuJ "-SswJJ
or by mail. Cures KBtykdStl^S*
guaranteed. 731 f^^ft^M
Market street (ele- a^^mi»WbP
v a t o r entrance), xv^V fpSfsiSML
San Francisco. .^igsis^&PjSEreaSbt
CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS , A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXV1GORA-
tor and Nervine. . '
: The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes, s
. .- The Mexican Remedy for , Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its -own merits.
, NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
[Easter Gloves lfl|3§M
I New Shades, New Stitchin^s, Ml I ./$Ogr Jk
| £gg New Finishings. r'WiSffl
I In fact, all the new wrinkles in Easter gloves f, \ JtoM\m\\Wffl///\
I are here in great variety. We don't know of a ' W&^W' / //ii
I wanted style that's missing. Better still— ', .i Sry&gk\ ////I HA
Many of Thess Stjles No One Else Has. /jW^7'[/|
ft That comes from larger buying:. We skip I Jf A If ¦
B the cheaply, hurriedly made sorts. We've been /^B^Vfsi U S
g in the glove business long enough to know who /////ig/n^i fVT 9
I are the safe makers.' We haven't a glove that WJj4rmlvK\ I
I isn't a leader of its class. , / fj W : \r\
H Now is the best time qf the year to test //&B n l\
S Hale's glove advantages. ¥//fiH /""S\ IA
f S2.00 pair — The Marvel — Glace, washabl* vf&y / /t\r{\\
I -gloves, made of the finest ouallty of French kid, /d'W' s> I 1 t&WW
1 cut on the pique 8tyle, with Parts point em- ifo I i itniVJ
I broidery. They ¦won't soil from perspiration or I Yn ///?¦ VlIK^
I water — sizes 5^ to 7. - /¦ V JXV. ////¦ *ri
g quality of the celebrated. Hte. Jouvin gloves, in fi \Vj ////J) T" Pul
¦ shades of tan, mode, .; brown, - gray and . black — "If \\ -Uln'
JO sizes 5% to 7. :.*.' .j y . ' / Ufl tA* " ivV^O
f S2.00 pair — The Majestic — P- K. gloves. A a sfiga -cJ V, H
H close,, snug fitting glove, quite suitable to go with JI^a/mm 'vB
I tailor gowns. Choice from all the new shades of [j£7j8h \fs3
j fi • ¦ gray. • red, brown,' tan, mode and black— sizes 6% fc^^ h$ 'Be
B $1.50 pair— Eclair Quality Hte. Jouvin gloves f |y& «VV^S^I
I —considered by many to be the top notch In ( Hia .CJ)/5^vs^
§ quality, fit and finish. Tou can surely find a shade \ ffiga jT iJSfr. Wj
a that will correspond with your Easter outfit, for we \ CG& \ •* s^ftjfik\?fl
r havp all the new and staple colorings— sizes 5Vi ) , v *l«2® X
I Easter Suits, Jackets '"jj^^m/v
1 Women are delighted with our styles. There's £J$Pt£*&f&S&&V^
n a fit and finish to each garment that must be j *M^&Sfitm3BKa 1
| just so before our alert expert will allow it to 'JSB^^H^^SwpT I l|
| go out. We want to emphasize the satisfactory !wp^*$®'£3iSj' j| \\
ft We believe in seeing you more than pleased, jagfli^jifl^ j j'i III
H We count no promise too small, no pains too /^^J^S^^^f ""^**j
a The finest fitter in the city is here. Tou don't - r -I!3p^i^iKj2A- r ""
¦ ' have that common feeling when your suit is being "- >HSHSS8bBS&~-~ ~- " i
§ altered that Us effect -will be changed. No. the - . • ETO^BS-^^ift " -jEf
I fitter Is a skillful, practical tailor. We make all
| changes free of charge. . The result: Our work- -^B^raRa&^3r^K^.v^
B room Is running at its full capacity. To-day's and - jS/sHfcSsr*
g, tn-morrow's purchases can bo promised before J^<W&^?~^^3£$&3cSk~*<?3.
B '. Easter. "Wouldn't .it be wise then to do your buy- yy* BES^Q^'iS^feSS? > ~M» : £^ *
fi When you come don't forget to see our
I Silk-lined Suits, $14.75.
5> ¦ You can't buy them from city wholesale bouses -v^J^^^^KraBratt
0 a? cheap as that. We couldn't do it if we didn't /^»HWHH3Kw&ra3£
1 sell so many of them— Cheviots or Coverts with
a Another as fine value. \ £--;;« TzlSgJJf-^f.i 1 -'*
¦ This Suit $32.50 '^flBi^^^
» (Which we've pictured here.) "^^^^^^^^^»^ :t n
g The reveres and collar are faced with white ~*H&BjSeJBBBK&?~;r'i~$
H satin. The skirt has a flare flounce. The whole BEBeSBSsBbSS.
y affair is carefully shaped and completely silk lined. HBBi|MWywij^g^-7a
i Easter Millinery.
& How they do come in! Always fresh, always flBHmmPSBBWy u - a -^-1^*1
H bright, always original— always plenty of them.
¦ New York send us every day her latest- creations— J^™ '•4fim£ttf'*<$
i and these last days are developing some grand s — -C *&5&Xmt*Q
1 ideas and styles — undreamed of two ¦weeks ago. / rv /Si s " f ' J*L S
g ¦ We're determined to make these las* days the * I*N (R v* a £*^*yTT : §
¥f The variety wili be as broad and the styles as I /• \i\ (lw\ Aj}F| i '** J
E fresh as at any time— $5, $10, $15 are the lines which T / jvgvV^l (vP^'ify^W
" ¦; ; - ¦_¦• '¦ ¦ ' t ¦-¦•..-—'¦"-.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Heretofore all such papers have had an evanescent
vogue and success. During the Civil War the New
York Daybook started out .to fiddle the same tune
weekly on one string and was soon fiddling a dirge
over its own grave, j Its editors, Hortbn and Van
Evrie, .were able and trained newspaper men, but
their readers got weary of the same old tnne. The
same fate was shared by the Demo Review, though it
was conducted* by Thomas Dunn English, author, of
"Ben Bolt," and other men of literary skill.
The readers of Mr.. Bryan's paper note the diffi
culty in assimilating what he writes, though when he
declaimed the same things they were relished as prc
digested food. In cold type there. is no eye in fine
frenzy rolling^ no tremolo stop to bring tears, no pre
arranged gestures that surround • the' "peerless one"
with a glorious nimbus of outstretched arms and
quivering; fingers. In print all this is "dead beer,"
the froth is gone, the effervescence has ceased, and it'
is cold and tasteless slop. :
' the Chinese indemnity question the Ber
lin ,Kreuz Zeitung says: "If the United States," with
th^ir 1600 troops in China,' demand $25,000,000, then
Germany, with almost 25,000 troops in the fieldj ought
*'o get nearly $400,000,000." But while the calculation
is all right from the standpoint of arithmetic it is evi
deurthe-maii who made it did not calculate at all upon
China's limited ability to pay.
Since Tolstoi has been exiled from Russia he will
fiiv! a welcome in this country even if he takes to" the
lecture field:
The most' satisfactory '.feature of the Manchurian
situation is that no matter -who is in it we- are out
of it. ¦¦-¦ • ' ' "\ ¦ --.¦; ---.'-.- :'.,.:,. -..^--:^
His readers will gladly welcome some advertise
ments in the Commoner, for they, may make the paper
more readable. So far its text has been made up of
a rehash of 'Mr. Bryan's too well known speeches,
and it is as lively as a dry hide hanging on a rail
fence. ¦ . . .
As for the trust advertising, the business combination.*
as one reason for their organization quote the neces
sity for advertising enforced ' by competition, which
is done away with when competition disappears. So
Mr. Bryan might as well advertise himself by saying
that he will firmly refuse to swallow the Washington
monument, or stand on his head on its apex, as by
putting behind him Satan in the form of advertising
that is seldom offered.
7V/I R. BRYAN'S paper is out. soliciting business.
/ \ In the same issue he makes a bitter personal
attack on Mr. Cleveland and announces edi
torially that no trust can get an advertisement in his
columns at any price. He also declares himself dif
ferent from other newspaper 'proprietors because he
reserves the right to censor all advertising offered
and reject what he doesn't like. Here is Mr. Bryan's
usual pretense. All newspaper proprietors .do pre
cisely that thing. ¦ >
THE COMMONER.
DISPATCHES from London state that King
Christian and the Crown Prince of Denmark,
who have been opposed to the sale of . the
Danish West Indies ro the United States, have now
changed their minds, and the King is reported to have
declared at a recent meeting ot his council that he
would no longer interpose any objection to the trans
fer, as he believes it will be to the advantage of the
islanders. The dispatch closed with the statement,
"The matter will now probably be settled quickly."
The prompt settlement of the negotiations by the
purchase of the islands is, however, by no means so
certain as the London experts suppose. It ' takes
more than King Christian to make a bargain of that
kind. There is a considerable number of Americans
who believe we have no need for the islands, since
the acquisition of Porto Rico gives us a coaling sta
tion and a base of naval supplies in that part of the
ocean. There are others who would willingly see the
islands pass under our control, but not on the terms
proposed. Those two classes of objectors have
strong representation in Congress and will have much
to say before the bargain is made.
It has been announced that the^ terms upon which
Denmark offers to .transfer the islands are these:
1. Four million dollars to be paid to Denmark. 2.
The. population to decide by vote whether to remain
Danish or to be transferred to America. 3. If the vote
is favorable to the United States than the inhabitants
to become immediately not only American subjects
but American citizens. 4. Products of the islands tc
be admitted to the United States free of duty.
Reports from Washington have disputed the accu
racy of that statement of terms. It has been said the
terms do not include a submission of the issue to the
vote of the people of the islands, nor a guarantee of
American citizenship to them in case of annexation
to the United States. The reports, however, while
den}-ing the accuracy of the statement of terms, do
not declare what t^rms have been offered, and it is
therefore fair to assume that the whole subject is still
vague and nothing definite has been proposed on
either side. .
The question of purchasing the islands has been be
fore this, country a longtime. : A plan for acquiring
them was put forward by Secretary Seward, but the
Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, of which
Charles Sumner was then chairman, reported unani
mously against it. At that time the price -asked by
Denmark was $7,200,000. It will be seen that. the
terms now offered are much better than the old. The
islands have evidently been placed on the bargain
i counter, and by waiting a little we may perhaps get
' them at a further reduction in price in case we should
; deem it worth while to purchase them at all. •
It is now stated that the apparent" increase of 7,000.
coo inpopulation shown by the recent census of India
as> compared -with .that of a decade ag'o'is deceptive,
inasmuch as the population this year includes that of
several districts. that were not counted in the forms.
censup. The population, it-seems, has. been virtually
stationary for ten years, and the Indian Government
lias begun an investigation to find the reason why. •
¦ ¦ ¦-¦•/. .. r
— — . — >_ — — — . , . . . ....
A? a decided sensation, is reported, to. .have been
ccuse'd in Paris by the appearance of a Brazilian
heiress driving two cows tandem to a swell cart in' the.
Bois de Boulogne, it is evident the automobile ; s
[going to have a rival in the smart set.
THE DANISH WEST INDIES.
In all matters of this kind the first consideration is
money. Until ample funds have been assured it will
be impossible for the committee in charge to make
preparations of a definite nature. The money, there
fore, should be subscribed at once. It should be
given both liberally and promptly. It would not be
money wasted even if.it ivere to be. taken out of the
State, for there is no virtue that pays better than hos
pitality. However, it is not to be taken out of he
State. Every dollar subscribed is to be expended here,
and many more dollars besides.
California can afford to make something like a
record-breaking display of liberality this year, for the
people have been prosperous in all lines of trade,
and the prospects of the year promise an even
greater prosperity to come. It will be to our advan
tage to make the best possible impression upon these
visitors, for they will come from all the States of the
Union and from all countries. They will carry back
to their homes reports of what they have seen here,
and be among the best agents we could have in mak
ing known the advantages of .California as a place of
residence. Let us then give a hearty help to the local
members of the league in all their arrangements for
the convention and for the entertainment of their
visitors. Let us show that in matters of this kind all
Californisns stand together. ¦ v- *-'
An item is going the rounds of the* press to the
effect that President Hadley of Yale favors the organi
zation of, something like an educational trust, to in
dude all the forger universities; but it will be just as
wel? not to believe it loo fo'ndly, for it is only a little
•.vliile since he was reported to have . declared
there may be an emperor in the United States within
twenty-five years, and that report turned out to be a
yellow misrepresentation. . ¦. . - ' .''
San Francisco is thus confronted by a duty of hos
pitality on a scale of great magnitude. It goes with
out kaying that her people will be equal to all the re
quirements of the occasion, and that the resident
members of the league will have the cordial co
operation of citizens of all classes and creeds in wel
coming their guest and making their stay both pleas
ant and profitable.
From the attendance noted at other international
conventions of the league it is assured that the num
ber who will take part in the convention here will be
very large. It will be, in fact, one of the most
notable gatherings of the summer in any part of the
world, and will attract the attention of millions of
persons in all civilized countries.
The league represents the creed and the work of
Methodism, and it is said that special personal invi
tations have been issued to upward of 20,000 ministers
of that faith in this country and in Canada. To the
members of the league generally there have been is
sued 100,000 copies of an official circular containing
information concerning the convention and the city.
Other circulars will of course follow the first, and
by means of them the interest of the members of the
league in the convention will be increased as the
time for the meeting approaches. •
r ;RQM any and every point of view the most im-
I portant event which can now be foreseen for
San Francisco during the coming summer will
be the gathering of the Epworlh League at its fifth
international convention. The league is one of the
largest and most influential bodies of its kind in the
world, and its conventions have been always largely
attended. Consequently we can ~ount upon having
as the guests of the city a numerous body of active
and progressive young men and women whose com
ing will be of as much benefit to us as to themselves.
THE EPWORTM CONVENTION.
Representative Hatch of Hornellsville introduced
into the New York Assembly a bill providing that
towns and cities might pass curfew ordinances re
quiring children to be. at home at a certain hour hi
the evening, but the committee to which it was re
ferred amended it so as to authorize Hornellsville to
prescribe the hour of night after which it shall be un
lawful for Hyatt C. Hatch to be on the streets or in
public places unless accompanied by parents or guar
dians, and in that form it was passed amid "up
roarious laughter." Truly legislative humor is very
funny. There are times when it is almost equal to
a vaudeville.
Some of the opponents of the policy adopted by
ihe powers in dealing with China are directing the
attention of the public to article 47 of the convention
'with respect to laws and customs of war on land,"
drawn up and agreed to by the famous peace confer
ence at The Hague. The article says: "Pillage is
absolutely prohibited." It is only fair to the powers
ic say they have always insisted they are not at war
with China, and consequently the action of, then
troops in looting the Chinese is not a violation' 6f The
ILigue agreement. .....;
6000. ' '
POETS— L. W., City. Poets are born,
not self-educated. There are many per
sons who write verses or lines that jin
gle, but that does not constitute poetry.
The lines that were submitted with th«
letter of inquiry serve simply to show
that whoever wrote them is only wasting
time In a vain endeavor to writ© poetry.
MILITARY DUTY— E., Alcatraz. City.
A man born in a foreign country, who be
fore leaving that country performs mili
tary duty, as required by its laws, then
comes to the United States and in time
becomes a citizen thereof, may at any
time return to his native country and not
fear molestation from the authorities. In
such a case the United States Government
will afford him the same protection that
it does to one of its citizens born on
United States soil.
DIVORCE IN HAWAII— L. W. H.,
California. The grounds for divorce in
the Hawaiian Islands are adultery, ex
treme cruelty, desertion, Chinese . lep
rosy and failure to provide. If a party
"has good grounds for a divorce in Cali
fornia, has not lived with the other party
for more than a year and neither party
had resided In the Hawaiian Islands, the
party who has grounds for a divorce"
could not go to Honolulu and commence
an action for divorce, for the law of tnat
country says: "No divorce shall d»
granted for any cause if the parties to
'the action have not lived as man and
wife within the republic of Hawaii."
STRENGTH OF MAN-Subscriber, San
Jose, Cal. It Is not easy to assert posi
tively at what age a man is strongest.
Physical strength in man Increases up to
a certain age and then decreases. From
tests made of several thousands of the
male sex by means of a dynometer, or
strength measurer, the following is given
as the average of the white race: The
lifting power at 17 is 280 pounds, at 20 it
Increases to 320 pounds, at 30Jt reaches ita
height, 356 pounds. At the end of the thir
ty-first year strength commences to fall,
at 40 it has decreased eight pounds and
at 50 the lifting power is 330 pounds. From
then on the strength fahs until the weak
ness of old age is reached. Strength va
ries in different individuals of the same
age as a result of occupation.
VOTING QUALIFICATIONS-J. A. K..
City. The amendments to the constitu-
tlons of certain Southern States, while
they deprive some colored men of the
right tc vote by reason of not being pos
sessed of certain qualifications to entitle
them to the franchise, nave the same effect
on all residents of the State Irrespective
of color. The fif teeirth amendment to the
United States constitution, while it de
clares that no one shall be deprived of
volng "on account of race, color or previ
ous condition of servitude," does not take
away from the several Suites the right to
define the qualification of those who
would vote. In some of the States, to be
entitled to vote, the citizen must be able
to read and write. In California, for in
stance, a citizen who cannot read the con
stitution In the English language and
write his name Is not allowed to vote.
Choice candles. Town^end'a. Palace Hotel •
Cat. glace trcit SOe per Ib at To-wnsend'3.*
A nice present for Easter-TownseHd's
California glaco fruits. In splendid flre
etched boxes. 50c tt>. 633 Palace Hotel. •
Easter chocolate cream and fancy col
ored cream esrss. baskets of esss *t«
T owneend's. 63» Palace Hotel. BS ' *l c '
Special information supplied dally r o
business bouses and publlo men ov th»
i-rtss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). alO Mont
Kuraery ti. 'i»lephort» Main 1042. .
Young snakes are born wth fanes anrt
poison glands In full perfection and ar*»
dangerous even before tasting food.
Brain-workers and nervous people kno-w the
beneficial effects derived from the use- of tn~
P*T!">* Ts-. SI«;erf n Anscr.rtvm r.itt»r*
PANAMA CANAL-R. F. J.. City. The
Panama canal is practically finished from
Colon to Bujoe, a distance of fourteen
milen." The total length of the canal is to
be A6% miles. It will take at least ten
years to complete the work, if it is con
tinued.
SECRKT ARIES OP WAR— P. M., City.
The Secretaries of "War under President
Grant were: John A. Rawllns of Illinois,
William T. Sherman of Ohio, William W.
Belknap of Louisiana, Alphonso Taft of
Ohio and James Don Cameron of Penn
sylvania.
; DISASTERS— S. t City. This department
cannot give "the exact number of lives
lost in the Johnstown, St. Louis and Gal
veston disasters," for the reason that
there Is no record of "exact" losses. The
best figures obtainable are Johnstown 22S0.
St. Louis 6000 and Galves.ton more than
SIERRA MADRE-C. S.. City. Sierra
Madre la Spanish. "Sierra" 13 mountain
range and "madre" mother, so the name
as applied to a range of mountains is
'mother range."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
600 Iieavenwortli St.,
i SAN FBANCISCO,
March 26, 1901.
i To W. S. I*eake, Manager of
• The San Francisco Call — My
; Dear Sir: 1 cannot forego the
¦ pleasure of commending the
i substantial and entertaining
• value of "Papers on Current
; Topics." History is valuable,
• but a vitascopic panorama of
' the present condition of the
! world is comprehensive in its
• utilities beyond the measure
! of comment.
I am, my dear sir, yours
! truly, with grateful apprecia
• tion,
! CHAS. D. CLEVELAND, M.D.
PRAISE FOR PAPERS
ON CURRENT TOPICS
"WASHINGTON. April 3.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived at the hotels:
Raleigh— Mr. and Mrs. W. VT. Thomas.
Miss Lois Thomas, Master E. C. Thomas,
Los Angelas; Metropolitan— H. G. Hamil
ton, San Francisco.
g-H-H-r-HK-H I I I !'H I I I »'**£
CALIPORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
THURSDAY : ..'.....APRIL 4, "i^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Uina All ComsnaiaUoai to VT. 8. LEAKE, Hunger.
WA\ACER'S OFFICE.. ..... . Telephone P^cww ~^*
ri'BLICATIOX OFFICE... Market nnd Third. S. F.
.Telephone Vrcn* 201. . ;
rCITORUL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 CcnU Ter Wcelc
Slntrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Termii Iij- Sloll. Including rost«K«<
£>ATT,Y CALO rincIndSr.jj Sunday), one year.. *•.*>
r-AILT CALt, <!nc!ua!n« Sunday). R months »- w
X>AH,T CALT., r!nclu<JinR Sundav). 3 months 1-50
PAILT CAUL.— By Slnc'.e Month «Se
fl'MJAT CAUU One Year 1-53
V.EKKLT CALL.. One Tear 1*»
All postmaster* nre nnfliorlxcd to receive
¦ aliscriritona.
Cample copies will be frrw«rd«l ¦wrhca requested.
Mall *ub6er!ben' In Tderinp chane* of nrtflr*** *houM »•]
Tttrtleulir to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Irscrc s. piompt and correct oomplJance with their request.
0.lKLA\O OFFICE 1118 Broadirar
C. GEORGE KUOGNESS.
Kta&gtr foreign Adrtrtiiing. Karqastti Buttling, Chieigo.
CLcs*- Distance Telephone "Central 26U.">
JSEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: . •
T. C CARLTOX Herald Square
ICETV TOTtK REPRESENTATIVE: '
STEPHEW B. SMITH 3O "rlbnne. BntldtnK
NEW TORK Nr~S STANDS:
Walfierf-AEtoria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square;
l£uir*y Hill Hotel. ¦
CHICAGO NEWS STANTJS:
Ehennaa Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.'
WASniXCTOS <D. C> OFFICE. 14O6 G St.. IC. W.
JIOUTOX E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
OR AXCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:3C o'clock. S00 Hayefe. open until »:89 o'clock. 6W
McAllister, open until »:20 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
t-X0 o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
earner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ontll I o'clock. ICS Elerenth. open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor-
Tier Twntr-ggccna ¦ wnrt Kentucky, open until » o'clr-ck.
How to. Spend a Holiday.
How to spend the long and the short
holiday are often questions of vital mo
ment. Frequently the rest and change do
not result in good because the manner of
spending the vacation- is not well con
sidered. A man thoroughly tired out in
mind and body shculd not at once plunge
into .vigorous exercise. He should not
begin by climbing mountains and ford
ing streams, by indulging in long hours
of, bathing and. swimming, or by playing"
tennis and golf or *ther games to excess
in glare or heat. All these may be done
in good time, but he should allow him
self a period of transition In whi^h to
bask in the sunlight, and to breathe pure
air while resting and relaxing his mental
and physical machinery; later he may in
crease his physical output. Every real
dissipation should be avoided.
Much" might , be said here about camp
cure — about the rest and recuperation
which result from life in the woods and
mountains, by lake, stream, bay or sea.
To' many, such life brings health and re
stores energy v/hlch cannot be obtained
In any other way, and yet this mode of
life does not answer for all of those who
are advised or who are impelled to take
it/ In some cases it is necessary that one
should be more or less trained to if for
others it seems to be the natural method
of renewing strength and health; while
for still others more social and less
primitive l methods, such as abound in
healthful resorts, are to be preferred. For
almost all, however, the scent of the
woods or of the sea will do something to
strengthen or restore, if "only the method
of. securing the blessing is well considered.
One of the drawbacks is that which has
always been indicated when ¦ speaking of
other methods of recreation in "connection
with the long vacation. Too deep a plunge
is taken at the start. If one untried in
the ruder and yet healthful forms of out
door'life will but take them up by easy
stages one may soon be able to get those
benefit? which come, more readily to an
other better fitted by nature and training.
Value of a Change of Climate.
The short hol'day of late winter or early
spring is usually best' spent by going to
some quiet but healthful resort in a
climate less taxing than that in which
the overweary man habitually dwells. The
springs of Virginia or-North Carolina, the
Southern seaside resorts, the Bermudas,
Nassau, Cuba or Jamaica— one or, another
of these places offers to most that which
is required. If a few weeks can be ob
tained a. delightful rest may be secured
by a trip to the Mediterranean resorts, al
though but few days of the time arc spent
on land. No effort should be made to see
sights or- to seek after those objects
which so often hurry and weary him who
is supposed to be seeking rest. Every
one must learn for himself what is best
to do through a study of his own neces
sities, aided perhaps by the advice and
experience of others who have found re
lief in rest and change. ".. ¦" ;_•'_ .,
Climate plays an ' important • part even
in the matter of short .holidays. Those
living in our Middle, New England, West
ern and Northwestern States who go to
the South or the Southern- Atlantic coast,
or ; to tho West ."India "- Islands, find that
they must perforce rest because of the
changed conditions. The higher temper
ature,-the balmy.- non-stimuiatlng- air, the
quiet. 1 peaceful life which prevails jit the
places most to be preferred, ¦ put' the so
journer into a frame of mind and body
in,which nothing but rest is possible. He
has 'been told that he must not do any
thing that will cause him wear or worry,
and under the gentle and subduing- in
fluences of the new climate and now en
vironment he. finds that he couldnot do
anything that would wear or. worry him
if - he should tiy. ; I have been told by
more ihar. one that even the'merr- con
templation of the lazy and satisfied na
tives of siuch localities has ¦ brought . a
sense of rest and peace to troubled soul
and body. .: • '.' .-..-
Books That Afford Rest at Home.
' Often the problem Is how best , to rest
at home: in -the -evening or In the inter
vals of business. . One; not trained to hab
its of reading, so: much; a slave to work
and;care as never, to-havc taken time for
diversion . or ' amusement; ' is . often in this
r p«mpct hfirirlicapr^fl "or'ously. ~T '..
Diseases of the Spring.
Chorea (St. Vitus' dance) is a disease of
the spring; at least many statistical stud
ies show, that the majority of ca3es occur
in the spring months. Cases of hysteria,
neurasthenia, melancholia and combina
tions of these disorders confront the
neurologist in large numbers as the wiq
ter declines or spring comes on. It is also
well known that many infectious and
toxic diseases abound or are more viru
lent, at the same season. Wearied with
his work, his vitality more or less sapped
by cold and exposure, his spirits dulled
and his system generally enervated by the
poorer hygiene of the indoor season, the
individual shows signs of exhaustion or
breakdown, or develops some definite dis
ease. If he would so arrange his affairs
as to allow for a "holiday of from one to
three weeks or more late in February or
early in March, and whenever possible
would take this in the most congenial cli
mate accessible, he would find that this
rest would do almost as much to maintain
his health and increase his stores of
energy as the longer rest of the summer
vacation. Unfortunately, it is just at
this season that work increases. The
student groans under his augmenting
load and waits with worry for examina
tion, while the professor approaches the
same period with almost equal anxiety.
Both are unduly worked when they are
least able, because of season and increas
ing strain, to endure their tasks. The
attomey and business man are in the full
flow of their busiest time.- Clergymen,
judges, physicians— men and women of di
verse vocations and avocations— at this
time are usually working at high tension.
A week or two of rest might save them,
and in many cases such rest could be ob
tained if provision were made before
hand.
! At least seven to nine hours- of sleep
should be had between sundown and 8
a. m. by those who expect to do good
work. In addition much in the way of
improving health, fitting for hard work
and prolonging life could be accomplished
by the - busy man by breaking the day
with a fchort rest.' This would best be
taken between, the hours of 12 and 2:30.
Half an hour would do; an hour is often
better. Even fifteen minutes taken reg
ularly will do something for the toiler.
If possible the rest should be taken in a
quiet corner or partially darkened room,
and should be m a reclining or recumbent
position. Even if one does not sleep at
this time one will find much benefit
simply by the perfect relaxation which
can be obtained in this way.
Business and professional men who are
hard worked through most of . the year
should have at least two periods of vaca
tion and rest. One of these should be at
tlw time chosen by the majority of per
sons — namely. In the summer months, and
probably best from the middle of June un
til the middle of September. .' If three
months cannot be had at this season, two
months should be taken, preferably July
and August; if only one month can be
had, August is to be perferred to July,
and in many cases it would be better to
take frcm the middle of August to the
middle of September rather than earlier,
in order that the worker may not come
back to his. work - in the city with the
hot weather still persisting, as* it not in
frequently does in some parts of our
country until the middle of September.
It is not necessary to go at length into a
discussion- of .the necessity of a summer
holiday. It is, only a question whether
or not the time can be taken. The same,
however, is not true of the other period
of rest, which is of the highest importance
to those who would do the best work.
Every observant physician and not a few
laymen are aware that a tendency to the
occurrence or recurrence of serious nerv
ous disorders is present in the late win
ter or early spring months, and £his Is
especially true If the winters have been
long or severe.
VTI.— REST— HOW TO GET IT.
may be, fatally. If he has been a reader,
let him turn again to reading for relief;
let him cultivate a taste for good litera
ture. A good book contains a wealth of
comfort. Books afford a method of brain
rest and recreation of which too little use
is made. The idea seems to be prevalent
that when the mind is weary and the body
weak recreation is best attained by abso
lute physical and mental fallowness, in
cluding the avoidance of all study, and
even reading. This is true to only a lim
ited degree; now and then we meet with
one who should indeed lift neither hand
nor. foot, should neither speak nor think,
or at least should come as near to this
negative, state as possible; but even In
such a case absolute physical and mental
inertia should not be much prolonged.
As regards reading, I have' found most
rest for myself and for thoae committed
to my care not in the rapidly thrown-oft
productions of the modern writer but In
the classical stories of all times. Seneca
on "Tranquillity" is as good a mental doso
for a tired multi-millionaire of to-day as
it was for Serenus in the days of Nero.
Defoe and Sterne, Goldsmith and Cole
ridge, Izaak Walton and Lamb, White of
Selborne and Thoreau will serve a better
purpose for the nervous invalid than
much of the output of the modern press.
The doctor need not always fear that he
will be insulting the intelligence of even
his wealthy and educated patients by sug
gesting classical writers; strange to say,
they are sometimes more familiar with
the modern romancer of uncertain merit;
or if perchance the classics are old-time
friends they will be returned to with re
newed pleasure under the stimulus of an
other's guidance. Not that all recent lit
erature should be disregarded, but a word
against the neglect of the classic and nor
mal in literature may well be said.
Games and Social Entertainments.
The extent to which one should resort
to games and social and other entertain
ments can be determined only by each one
studying his own conditions and limita
tions. Some men and women obtain great
relief and recreation from cards or chess,
or games like numero, halma and the like.
It needs only to be said that such games
should not be made a business but a pleas
ure. It is the change and the social in
tercourse which do the most good. Tho
tendency of some to resort to diversions
that call into play the same faculties re
quired at their daily work should be
avoided. A man who is compelled during
the day to concentrate his attention close
ly upon problems of finance, of law or of
medicine would better resort to euchre
or other easily played games of cards
than to whist or to chess. Long sticking
at the card table should be avoided, or the
attempt at diversion may be worse than
business itself. Concert and theater go
ing, public readings and lectures, and
even the tea, the reception and the ball
may play a useful part In resting from
business; but, unhappily, too often such
diversions take from, sleep and rest. The
claims made upon young men in t>asiness
and In professions by such diversions
sometimes add to their already heavy
loads rather than to clear their heads and
lighten their hands and feet for the work
of the next day.
A word might be said here of the spe
cial dangers which wait upon the scien
tific worker. He, like the business man
in some respects, although unlike him in
others, is in greatest danger from too In
tense ana prolonged work In a single di
rection. If he is not careful he will make
his life a terrible monotone. With hia
eyes fixed upon a single, and it may be
an important and noble object, he turns
neither to the right nor to the left, but
strives without resting day or night to
reach this goal. He Is often the object
of admiration, and sometimes of envy;
he accomplishes much, but sooner or later
he pays the penalty of his misdirected
zeal. Often a man of general capacity
and varied resources, spurred by his de
sire to achieve the high place in his chosen
vocation, gives up one after another every
means of amusement and diversion until
he finds that the summit of success which
he -as reached Is barren for him of every
thing that will give him personal comfort
and pleasure. He has done the great work
for others, but In doing it he finds him
self, when most in need of relief, isolated
ana often unhappy, plagued by the demon
of unrest.
About the Rest Cure.
It may be well to close this article with
a few words about the so-called rest
treatment or rest cure. Many mistaken
notions are afloat regarding this subject,
although the factors which make up this
treatment have become well known to
some members of the profession, and to
not a few in the community at large.
The mistakes generally have reference to
the manner in which the treatment is
carried out and to the range of its appli
cability. Some seem to think that all
that it is necessary to do is to put a pa
tient in bed In charge of a well paid nurse
and to give a few directions as to feed
ing and the use of medicines. But as
long ago emphasized by Dr. "Weir Mitch
ell, to whom we are indebted for the or
ganization of this therapeutic method its
successful use requires unusual skill a
special temperament on the part of the
physician and a thorough} knowledge of
the scientific principles on which it is
founded. Rest, physical and mental, is
the keynote of the treatment, but In or
der that this may be obtained with ben
efit other elements must enter. The pa
tient is not only put to bed, but he or
she must be excluded from family, friends
and business associates in order to secure
the most perfect mental repose; must be
given massage. Swedish movements and
electrical treatment, both for the sake of
the passive exercise -and for their espe
cial influence on digestion, circulation and
the nervous system, and must be fed by
a carefully regulated and increasing meth
od, in order to improve, impaired nutri
tion and supply the energy which hag
been lost through overwork or disease
Properly used, it may be a means of phys
ical salvation; but, on the other haiTO, i?
may not only fail of success, but, worse
than this, .it may do harm.
As summarized by the writer in an
other place, "this treatment Is most
valuable in neurasthenia and hysteria, but
it may be used with advantage in other
affections, as chorea, exophthalmic goitre
neuritis and myelitis, in some cases of
melancholia and mania, and even in loco
motor ataxia for the rciief of pain and to
improve the general nutrition. The opium
chloral, alcohol or other drug habit can
also sometimes be advuntageously treated
by this method."
Periods of Absolute Best.
In a few cases patients should be kenc
absolutely at rest for one. two or three
months; in other cast* a treatment by
partial rest in bed is more aoplicabk
Sometimes the period of absolute rest'
should be shortaned and should be applied
only. for. a week or two at the besinnin"
of the treatment. At times It is beat u^el
simply for tho purpose of preparing for
methods of systematized exercise or for
treatment by travel, camp cure or change
of climate. This is especially true In sonii»
of the forms of real or threatened mental
disorder and particularly those in wh'ch
the patient has been rapidly worn out
through mental distre3s or excitement
The patient, in a worn, needs to be re
lieved for a time from sources of mental
irritation and his physical energies In i>art
restored before efforts are undertaken tr.
bring about a more complete cure bv
change of place and surroundings and bv
introduction to new features of Inter*-"'
into his life. It Is a not infrecuent cus
tom, for instance, of physicians who mtka
use of this method of treatment to flr*t
resort. to a full or narual rest trcatm"rt
in town; then to move the patient to the
seashore, the country or the mountains
and later to advise a. lonrrer nerio-i nf
travel with a carefully chosen companion
or 'attendant. .
Now and .then the physician finds it ai
most a3 difficult to stop 01 chance hii nro
gramme of rest indoors as it Is to besir
or. carry on the treatment. Reading con
versaticm and well ppJected diversions
have their part, in the sta^ of indoor
treatment and the moral Influence con
tinuously exerted. by the physician is one
of/the most important- agent? in bringing
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
By TDr. Oliarles IC Mills
How Toilers by Sleep, Recreation, Holidays
and Pastimes May Gain Essential Rest
and "Win Health.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
¦ / The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
As the matter stands the public has had just*one
more illustration of the blundering methods of the
Phelan administration — one more evidence of its in
ability to carry on public affairs with success even
when supported by the people. ; The lessons of that
kind have been many and costly. The people will
doubtless profit by the experience. In the meantime
it suffices to say that San Francisco is bound to" ad
vance, and to make all improvements that are needed
for her welfare. Let us, then, accept the decision of
the Supreme Court as the law of the land should be
accepted, and proceed to comply with the instruc
tions given to guide us in any future efforts in the
way of issuing bonds.
The Supreme Court points out that the charter pro
vides a method whereby bonds may be issued for
public improvements. If the people wish to provide
for improvements in that way they have the right and
the power to do so. Since an overwhelming majority
voted for the bonds before it is but right and fair they
be given at as early, a date as possible the privilege
of voting upon the question again, and this time bet
ter counsels should prevail in providing for the elec
tion so that there will be no further waste of money.
There is no use crying over spilled milk. All the
money and work expended in. voting the bonds have
been wasted. Complaint might be justly made of the
city authorities ..whose ignorance of the law led to
holding an election whose results are invalid. How
ever, it is not worth while now to make even those
complaints. The evil has been done, and.it remains
to make the best of a bad situation.
In the feeling of disappointment that prevails there
will be among intelligent men no discontent with the
Supreme Court. The Justices are charged with the
solemn duty of upholding the law, and it would be a
sad thing for the State if there should ever be a body
of Supreme Justices willing to distort or ignore the
law for the sake of complying even with the popular
will. .We live under a government by law, and must
with good will submit when the law is seemingly
against us, for in no other way can we have well
ordered government at all.
SINCE so large a number of citizens of San Fran
cisco voted in favor of issuing ; bonds to pro
vide for the panhandle extension, sewers and
other public improvements, it is safe to say there is
widespread disappointment over the decision of the
Supreme Court declaring the issue of the bonds to be
invalid. The improvements so much desired and in
many cases so much needed cannot be made in the
way proposed. Either they must be paid for out of
current revenues or there must be a new election on
THE BOND ISSUE INVALID.
"W. H. Mead, general agent of the
Northwestern, with headquarters In
Portland, la in town.
Charles A. Brown, a capitalist of Hono
lulu, accompanied by his wife, is at the
Occidental.
W. Finnell. a fruit-grower of Napa. ac
companied by his wife, is at the Occi
dental. ; :.; >;
Daniel R. Hall of Sebastopol Is at tho
Palace.
Governor -Gage will return to Sacra
mento to-day.
W. C. Ralston and wife of Robertsons
are at the Palace.
Z. McCauley. a capitalist of Nome, Is
registered at the Lick.
Ni R. Regan, a Bakersfleld oil man. Is
a guest at th'e Grand.
J. B. Hamilton of I.os Angeles Is regis
tered at the Occidental.
J. C. Thompson and wife of Stockton
are at the Occidental.
Robert "W. Boyd of Marysvllle Is a
guest at the California.
0. Stearns, a merchant of Sacramento,
is registered at the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart is* down from Sacra
mento and Is at the Grand.
D. Coughlin, a mining man of Oregon, Is
spending a few days at the Lick.
Charles Monroe, an attorney of Los An
geles. Is registered at the Palace.
Ex-Congressman Thomas Geary of
Santa Rosa Is a guest at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
CARTER HARRISON has been for" the, third
time elected Mayor by the Democrats of Chi
cago, and, moreover,j the Democrats have suc
ceeded in electing Wells, th^ir candidate for .Mayor in
St. Louis, though that city is normally Republican
by a large majority. These two Democratic victories
in cities of the first class attention, for they
contain political lessone of no little value.
In the first place it is to be noted that in each case
it was a victory for conservative Democracy and not
for the Bryanites. In Chicago Altgeld and his fol
lowing made a bitter fight against Harrison both be
fore the nomination and after it. Two years ago Altgeld
ran as an independent candidate and polled upward
of 47,000 votes, but, failing to defeat Harrison in that
way, he advised his supporters this time to vote the
Republican ticket. It appears that his hostility helped
rather than -hurt the chances of the victor, for while
Harrison's plurality over his Republican competitor
is hardly more than half of what it was in 1899, stilt
his vote increased from 148,496 in that year to 156,952
this year. Altgeldism is therefore an utterly discred
ited factor in Chicago politics, and is hardly likely to
have any potency hereafter. ' • <
In St. Louis much the same condition , of affairs ap
pears. The Democrats, in spite of the personal pro
tests of Bryan, nominated Rolla Wells, who has been
a consistent gold Democrat from the start. 'He sup
ported Bryan neither in 1896 nor in 1900. When he
was nominated Bryan fought him through the col
umns of the Commoner, and Altgeld went to St.
Louis and took the stump against him. His success,
therefore, is as strong a condemnation of Bryanism.
by the Democratic masses' of St. Louis as the victory,
for Carter in Chicago. :
From the two elections the country can draw some
thing of reason for the hope that the Bryan craze is
dying out in the ranks of the party that, so blindly
followed him in two campaigns. Even in the Demo
cratic camp it appears impossible to fool all the people
all the time. The nation is returning to a condition
of sane politics, and perhaps before the next Presi
dential, election we shall have got rid of Bryanism
altogether.
The failure of the Republicans in each" city seems
to have been the result of political blundering. In
Chicago the candidate, while personally unobjection
able, entered the campaign under the odium of having
been nominated by a boss whose methods have been
offensive to the better element of the party. Thus was
repeated, a lesson which Republicans ought by this
time to have learned thoroughly. The rank and file
of Democracy can be counted on to support a boss
named ticket, but in the Republican party there are
many men of independent minds who refuse to sup
port such nominations.' Consequently the appearance
of boss rule in a Republican convention is almost a
sure forerunner of Republican defeat.
The results of the two elections are therefore not
in any way ominous of a Democratic revival und;r
the leadership which has discredited it ever since
1896. In. fact the defeat of the Bryan and Altgeld
factions is an evidence that the people are over
whelmingly in favor of conservatism and good gov
ernment. Republicans have only to rid their party of
local bosses in order to assure victory lor their
tickets. '
ELECTION LESSONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; APRIL 4, 1901.
6
C'nll knbtcrlberi contemplating a dinnge of
renMciice durinjj tlie snmmer months can l»av«»
(heir paper forwarded by moll to their new
•ddrciKri by notifying Tbe Call Unsinctts Office.
Tlun i;s.|.<t xvill alao be on Kale at all Hmumrr
retiorta and tit repreicntudby 'a local a^ent in
all tom.N on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By 8. "VTatklns— This day. Horses and Buggies, at corner
Tenth and Eryant streets.
By G. H. Cnibsen — Thursday, April 18, at 12 o'clock. Busi-
ness Property, at 14 Montgomery street. •»
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Aloazar — "Tennessee's Partner."
Grand Opera-house— "Cinderella," Saturday night.
Columbia— "The Little Minister."
Tlvoli— "The XVeaaing Day."
Central — "The Gladiator."
Olympfa, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races, r
Recreation Park— Baseball.
AMUSEMENTS.I ¦ .- ¦'--, -.':¦."*•"¦¦ . ",. • ¦ ._ ' • ¦:¦
I TWO STEAMSHIPS FOR THE ALASKAN TRADE TO BE BUILT AND EQUIPPED AT THE RISDON IRON AND
SHIPBUILDING WORKS AND A THIRD BUILT AT THE SAME WORKS THAT HAD A SUCCESSFUL TRIAL
TRIP TUESDAY.
I .
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 3 — SI
Lah. from New York, for Bremen.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Sun, Moon and Tide. <
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur, at
tho city front . (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of' tide Is the samo at both places.
THURSDAY, APRIL 4.
Sun rises ....5:50
Sun- sets 6:35
Moon rises ...7:23 p. • m.
$30.00 from Chicago; $47.00 from New York;
$27.50 from St. Louis; ' $25.00 from Missouri
River points to California via Santa Fe Route.
Tickets good on tourist, and reclining chair
cars. Excursions leave Chicago every Tues
day until April 30.. See the Santa Fe Ticket
Agent at 641 Market street. ¦.'
Cheap Bates.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tide3 of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sijrn precedes the height, and then
tho number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
CONSUL FOR BOLIVIA.— Felipe Galicia has
been appointed Consul "for Bolivia. The con
sulate is at 421 Market street.
TO SAIL.
Pvget Sound for Kobe, at 60s, chartered prior
to arrival.
Merchandise for New York.
The steamer Roanoks cleared Tuesday for
Panama with merchandise to be trans-shipped
to New York valued at $77,603. The cargo In
cluded the following: 169,455 gals wine, 14.S2S
lbs cassia, 44,000 lbs dry hides, 4357 lbs beans.
113 cs canned fruit. 216 bbls asphaltum. 60 bbls
fish oil, 14,936 lbs solder dross, 5314 ctls barley,
70 ska horns. 6 cs typewriters. t
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday. April 3.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridsrett, S3 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Maripcsa, Rennie, 6 days 16 hours
9 minutes from Honolulu.
Stmr Lakme, Odland, 46 hours from Redondo.
Stmr Alcazar, 78 hours from Grays Harbor.
Stmr Empire, Macsenn, 16 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brideett, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, E7 hours from New
Whatcom.
Lightship No 70, from station off port.
Schr G W Watson, Lass, 6 days from Poit
Blakelev.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. Aoril 3.
Stmr Alexander, Tilton, whaling cruise; . H
Liebes & Co. . , ...
Stmr Arctic, Worley Loring; Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
Stmr Pomona^ Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per-
SAILED.
Stmr Kadiak. Hansen, Karluk, Alaska Pack
ers' Associatison.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen, Chemainus; R
Dunsmulr's- Sons Co.
Bark Harvester, Wickberg, Karluk; Hume
Bros & Hume.
Wednesday, April 3.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego. '
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Aberdeen, Hensen. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia.- "VVinkel, Fort Bragg-.
Stmr National City," Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Xor 6tmr Tellus, Pederson, Chemainus.
Br stmr Milton. Rainey, Xanaimo.
Ship Sintram. Meyer, Loring.
Fr shin Cap Horn. Hamon, Queenstown.
Bktn Benicia, Bowes, Honolulu.
Brier Lurllne, Shaube, Kahulul.
Brig Harriet G, Stangeland, codflshing.
Stmr Alexander, Tilton, whaling cruise.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Coos Bay.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bark Toprallant, from Manila, for Puget
Sound, previously reported having put Into
Honolulu In distress, will be sold at auction.
SPOKE\
March 14. lat 12 N. Ion 32 W— Fr bark
Admiral Tr^ude, hence Dec 9, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Rainier — April 2, 4 p m, oft
Trinidad, In heavy SW sea, the steamer
took a- heavy list to starboard. Had to cut
deckJoad adrift and lost 75 M lumber.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 3, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 3— Stmr Georee W
Elder, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 3 — Br stmr Monmouthshire,
from Hongkong.
EUREKA— Sailed April 3— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco.
Arrived April 3 — Stmr "Westport. hence Apr 1.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived April 2— Bark TidaJ
Wave, from Tacoma.
• PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 3— Schr Rob
ert Lewers and Nor bark Prince Arthur, from
Port Townsend.
TILLAMOOK BAY— Sailed April 3— Stmr W
H Krorcr. for San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived April 3— Stmr
Robert Dollar, from Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed March 30— Br shin Lao
meno, for Queenstown.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed In April 3— Nor
bark Prince Arthur, for Victoria; schr Robert
Lewers, for Port Gamble.
Sailed out April 3— Chil bktn Alta. for Port
Natal; Br bark Wanlock, for Callao; ship A J
Fuller, for Cape Town.
POINT IiOBOS— Passed April 3. at 8 a m—
Stmr Samoa, from Caspar, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 2— Stmr Chas Nel
son, for Skaguay; stmr Ellhu Thomson, for
Valdez: stmr Robert Dollar, for Port Had
lock; bark James Tuft, for Sydney.
COOS BAY— Barbound April 3— Stmr Arcata, i
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 23— Stmr In
diana, hence March 15; bark Alden Besse, hnc
March 7. March 26— Bark Andrew Welch, hnc
March 8: U S stmr Meade, hence March IS;
U S stmr Pennsylvania.- hence March 18.
March 27 — Bark Ceylon, hence from Laysan
Islands; H M S Icarus, from cruise.
Sailed March 22— Jap stmr America Maru,
for Yokohama. March 23— Jap stmr Hongkong
Mara, for San Francisco; bark S C Allen, for
San Francisco; bark Gerard C Tobey. for San
Francleco; H M -S Warsplte, fcr Arapulco.
March 24 — Ship Columbia, for Port Townsend.
March 25— U S stmr Indiana, for Manila: bktn
Irmgard, for San Francisco. March 26— Schr
Defiance, for Port Townsend.
Arrived March 22— Stmr Zealandia, from Port
Los Anreles.
HI LO— Arrived March 18— Schr Allen A, from
Eureka.
Sailed March 20-Schr Helen N Klraball. for
Kahulul. March 21— Bark Annie Johnson, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE — Sailed April 3— Bark St
James, for Newcastle, Aus. and Honolulu.
NANAIMO— Sailed April 3— Nor stmr Tita
nia, for San Francisco; 6tmr San Mateo, for
Port IjOS Atteeles.
AUCKLAND— Arrived April *— Br stmr Roy
allst, hence March 7.
ST VINCENT— Arrived April 2— Nor stmr
Hero, hence Feb 1.
HULLr-Arrived April J— <3«r Bhip .SIrlus,
from Orecon. April 8— Br ship King George,
hence Oct 16.
BEACHT HKAD— Passed April 8— Br bark
Pass of Melfort. from Hamburg;, for . (
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 30— Br stmr
Bucklneham, from Tacoma.
Sailed March 30— Ger bark Alsterschwan, for
Portland. HWKUHnHKffiSS
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HOSGKOXO- Sailed Aortl 3— Stmr Era
press of China, for Shanghai. Xag-asaki, Hlogtj,
Yokohama and Victoria, B C.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April J-Etmr Buck
ingham, from Tacoraa, for Hongkong.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April • 3— Stmr- Lake
Champlaln. from St John. N B. and Halifax;
stmr Sylvania. from Boston; stmr Oceania,
from New York. • >
NEW YORK-Salled April 8-Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton: stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
etmr Friesland, for Antwerp.
BOSTOX- Sailed April 3— Stmr Devonian, for
Liverpool
STEAM vessels for Alaskan waters
are in demand. Quite a number of
steamships have gone into the
northern trade during the past
month and several more are to be
built. The Risdon Iron and Shipbuilding
Works has just completed one steamer,'
laid the keel of another and signed a con
tract to construct a third. The first ves-
Fel I*- for the salmon trade, the second
will be a steel trawler and the third is to
be a passenger boat for the Pacific Coast
Company.
The passenger steamer is to be modern
in every detail. She will be 205 feet long
over all and 194 feet 4 Inches between per
pendiculars, SI feet 3 inches beam and 16
fret deep. She will be fitted with triple
expansion engines, tht high pressure, in
termediate pressure ar.a low pressure cyl
inders being respectively 15% Inches, 26V4
inches and 43 inches, with a 33-Inch stroke.
She will have Scotch boilers and a forced
draught. This will be the first steamship
of any sire to be built by the Risdon at
Its new shipyards and no pains will be
spared in making her a success. The new
boat will be completed about January,
1902, and will go Into commission a month
later.
The Fteel trawler is being built for L.
D. Baker of Boston, the "banana king."
Cost does not figure in the building of the
pteamship, as Mr. Baker wants the best
end fartest vessel of her class. Her build
ers expect she will make fourteen knots
nn hour, but the contract only calls for
thirteen knots. The vessel will be called
the Kingfisher, and before leaving San
Francisco will be thoroughly equipped for
trawling for halibut. She will be the pio
l.eer steel trawler on this coast and is
expected to land her catch at Vancouver.
B. C. hours ahead of vessels now en
iratred In the business.
The Kingfisher will be 138 feet long over
all. 24 feet beam and 13 feet 5 inches deep.
There will be four bulkheads In the hull
and she will be fitted with triple expan
sion engines. The cylinders will be 14, 22
and 36 Inches, with a 24-inch stroke.
The new Ealmon steamship George F.
Hallcr was built and equipped entirely by
the Risdon works. On her trial trip last
Tuesday she averaeed 9.6 knots an hour,
or lialf a knot better than the contract
railed for. Managing Owner O. F. Haller
is well pleased with the performance of
his vessel and was delighted with the
noiseless manner in which the twin-screw
engines worked. While making 175 revo
lutions to the minute there was neither
r.o'.se r.or vibration in the engine-room.
Going at full speed a turn was made in
a 130-fcot radius with the port engine I
? topped.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
rneda is being overhauled and having her
ermines changed from compound to triple
fxpansion at the Risdon's new yards.
Two new 90-ton boilers and one 80-ton are
to be taken to the Potrero to be placed In
ihe steamship this week. They will be
Transported in a novel manner. Having a
large air space inside, which will make
them buoyant, they will be dropped Into
the bay and then be towed to the ship
yard and hoisted aboard the Alameda.
With her new boilers the horsepower of
the steamship will be more than doubled,
and great thines are expected from her
when she goes Into commission again.
MABIPOSA IN FROM HONOLTJLU.
lls.il Steamship Brings Up Over One
Hundred Cabin Passengers.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mar-
Iposa arrived from Honolulu yesterday.
Heavy weather was encountered during
the first two days, but after that It was
plain sailing-. The Belasco-Thall Dra
matic Company came home after a suc
cessful trip to the islands and a number
of Shrlnors came back- W. H. Mills of
the Southern Pacific was down to the
"wharf to meet his daughter. Miss Ardella
Mills, who has been on a visit to Hawaii.
The following were the saloon passen-
Ccrs:
Mrs. S. T. Alexander, Mis« Armsby, C. Ar
per. Mr. and Mrs. £>. I*. Barth. Charles Becker,
Jir. cti<2 Mrs. C. A. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. F.
IJelasco, V. J. Bunlick, Mrs. E. Battenconrt,
Hiss Ollie Copper, Mrs. W. C. Clench. W. A.
Oow-.'ey, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Cousins. A. S.
Oar.tin, Mrs. 1C Cousins, B. Cramer, Mr. and
Mr:-. G. Chiera, Mrs. J. It. Clymer, Mr. and
1'r 1 ?. Chase and child. James Clyne, F. R.
'¦..T.T.Kham, Mrs. Dickinson. Mrs. E. J. Dud
iey and child. 13. F. Dlllingham. E. T. Dreier,
C. K. Fink. Mrs. G. H. Flanders. Miss M. L.
Flanders. Muss C. W. Flanders. J. C. Flan
<li»is. MIbs M. Flack. Mrs. Ftjrtin. child and
r.uriie: Edear Goft. Ai T. Gilbert. P. Gerson.
Mru. K. Graf. Mr. and Mrs. H. Galzeit. Mrs.
; . Manning, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Howard, Mr.
a* Mrs. S. Henry, Mr. and Mrs. Adolph
romada. Miss M. Howe, l>. Henderson, Mr.
rid Mr*. H. S. Hull. S. Johnson. F. X.
• rcauss. Miss A. Ke&sler. Mr. and Mrs. James
:.!oyd. B. Lathrop, Mr. ai>d Mrs. J. M. Lons
i.tcKer. Miss Ardella Mills, Mr. and Mrs. TV.
fc Miller. Miss E. Malfauth, C. F. Murray,
C Montaine, C Moore, TV. K. McGregor, Mr.
nr.d Mrs. A. E» Morey. F. J. Madura, A. Mor
rtcon. .1. C. Moor*. Mr. and Mrs. Hush Mor-
rison. Mrs. Mauer. Mr. and Mrs. Leirli Mor
rison, T. .T. Moore, Miss Naylor. J. H. Palln.
Mr. and Mrs. V. X. Peterson. Mrs. Robinson,
Vr. «nd Mrs. E. Plum, Miss S. Rozetta. S.
bortson. M. A. Robinson. Miss M. A. Rus
• X F. Eedlck. C. E. Stafford. Mrs. Storer
.'' '¦hild. Mies KtoTre, Miss Sturgeon, T-' M.
t -rliey. L. F. Stone. J. Sn«U. F. J. 6wad
¦ i. H. L. Taft. Miss Taft. F. Vaughan. Mrs.
hn Waterhouse. Mr. and Mrs. A. Ws Wilson,
IX. Walch. Dr. Wagner, F. B. Wagner. s
While the Mariposa vras In port A. P.
Anderson, assistant engineer of the
Eto-amship Maul, was married to Miss Nel
lie Raymond, daughter of the chief en
gineer of the Grace DoUar. Miss Raymoni
went to Honolulu from San Francisco on
the Mariposa.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping- Merchants.
The Charle* P\ Crocker will load lumber on
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Handsome New Vessel for Pacific Coast Company, Steel
Trawlerfor a Boston Owner and a Cannery Steamer to Be
Constructed by Risdon Iron and Ship Building Works
The Standard . Oil Company refuses to
disclose anything definite, concerning the
prices at which the Kern River district
oil producers offered last week to supply
25,000 barrels or any part of 25,000 barrels
above 1000 barrels of their product. H. C.
Breeden, who had charge of the matter,
puts his refusal to give any definite facts
concerning the offers on the ground that
It would not be just to the producers.
The logic of this does not very clearly
appear, because the Information that he
withholds is Just that which all the oil
well men need. They want to know what
they have, to meet. Clearly it Is to the
Interest of* the Standard Oil Company to
keep them in the dark that their bidding
against one another may be as sharp as
possible. What Mr. Breeden said is of
interest to the producers for the infer
ences that may be drawn from it.
Can Handle More Oil.
"I think," said Mr. Breeden, "that the
offers made were such that we can take
much more than the 25,000 barrels that
were : called for and that the price Is
such that the oil can be sold In com
petition with coal. That is the competition
It must meet. Just now the competition
of oil is against oil. In the East the pro
ducers knpw all the time what price they
can get and we take all they have to sell
at that price. The rate is just as certain
as the price of wheat. That condition of
affairs does not yet exist in California.
When there is a fixed price It tends to
stability in the market."
But with this Mr. Breeden declined
absolutely to tjlve any definite facts con
cerning the large transaction of last
week: He said that the Standard Oil
Company was in the business to stay.
There was no more tankage* to be pro
vided at once by the company.
"Excitement over oil locations In the
vicinity of action," says the Los Angelei
Times, "continues." The Times says also:
No actual development work has yet been
done, everybody being apparently too busy
rr.aklng locations to do any other work. Sev
eral rigs have been engaged, however, for the
r.ew field and preparations are being made for
the commencement of drilling not later than
the end of Stay. Some options on the most
promising locations are reported to have been
given with the proviso that work must be be
gun before June 1. The options for purchase
of claims are said to be made for ?50 to ISO per
acre, with heavy forfeitures In case of failure
to comply with the conditions of sale. Nearly
fill the land lying between Newhall and Vin
cent and between Vincent and Big Rock Creek
is reported to have been filed upon. The dis
tance from Newhall to Vincent In an air line
is about fourteen miles, and from Vincent to
Big Rock Creek nine miles. In the vicinity
of Big Rock Creek the seepage is said to be
arphaltum, but around Vincent and Acton it
U paraffine.
) Water for Midway.
The BakersfleJd Californian reports that
the operations of Canfield & Chanslor may
result in furnishing a supply of water for
the Midway district. They are digging in
the upper end of the Santa Maria Valley,
back of McKittrick, from the lower end
of which is obtained the water furnished
that district. Five of these wells have
been sunk and a fine gravel has been
found capable of yielding apparently an
abundant amount of water. If it so turns
out that there is plenty of water to be
had a pumping plant will be rushed in
and pipes laid. The main pipe line will be
some twelve miles long, but the expense
of operating it will be inconsiderable, as
the point of delivery is much lower than
the site of the wells.
Kight hundred new wells, in round num
bers, are being drilled in the State.
The attention of oil men, according to
the Nordhoff Ojai. is now being attracted
to the valley of Ventura River. 'Inflam
mable gas and seepages are the indica
tions.
The Salinas Index reports that since the
recent strike at San Ardo, Monterey
County, real estate in that region has ad
vanced. Town lots have greatly enhanced
and the excitement is on.
Beating Out Coal.
In Los Angeles fuel oil is delivered to
consumers in large quantities at about 80
cents per barrel for the better oil. Says
the Los Angeles Times:
While it is true that certain grades of oil
can now be obtained for. less, yet it is im-
possible to contract for a really good article
for less than the price named. There are
various grades of coal, and there are also
grades of oil, but for all practical purposes
it can be safely estimated that four barrels of
fuel oil. •will displace one.ton of coal. On this
basis oil at 80 cents per, barrel is equivalent
to coal at ?3 20 per ton. As coal in this mar
ket sells from $7 to $10 per ton crude oil
need have little difficulty in successfully com
peting with its established rival.
An exchange says that in West Virginia the
Standard Oil Company (although working un
der the name of the South Penn Oil Company)
i=! experimenting with derricks made of steel.
They are eighty feet high, very light, and
eight of them are now in ' operation. Of
course, the idea is to get a derrick that will
be more lasting than the wooden ones, and
therefore more economical. Those now in
operation cost nearly four times as much as
wooden derricks, ' but ! the great loss from fire
will be precluded, and once built iron der
ricks will last Indefinitely. They can be taken
epart and shipped to a new location when
ever and wherever needed and those of wood
cannot be. ¦
The Spokane Chronicle says:
Another oil district has been found that from
reports received promises to excel anything
yet located In this section of the country. On
Wild Rose prairie oil has been discovered that
can be taken up by the bucketful and the
scent of oil can be noticed for quite a dis
tance from the spring. The place on which
the strong-est Indications have been found Is
Owned by "Wilbur H. Lewis, and he has been
aware for some time past that there was
something the matter with . the water in a
spring on his farm, fifteen miles north of
Spokane. He attributed it. however, to the
presence of substances from the pine trees and
gave the matter but little thought till he
heard of the Rosalia finds. . He then bottled
some of the water from the spring and brought
it to the office of Garrett & Williams. The
water smelled so strongly of oil that the pro
moters were afraid it was a salted proposition
and sent J. A. Curry and Jacob Curry to look
over the land. They have been exploring 1 it
for about • two weeks and report that they
hate found the crude petroleum oozing out of
the bottom of . the spring, and that the : mud
near the spring is saturated with It.
It Is to the Interest of the Monopoly
to Keep Producers Bid
ding: Against Each.
. Other. ' ,
Breeden Declines to Publish
Offers Made by Kern
STANDARD OIL'S
DEAL IS SECRET
STEAMSHIPS BUILT AND BUILDING
FOR TRADE IN ALASKAN WATERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,^ APRIL; 4, 1901.
7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
o . « t April 4. ~
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
M-n^SfS Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
A*me "" ?^ lume 1 , R1^ er -—10 ampler 2
Nomp'rVtV"" TUlamooTc Bay ...12 m Pier 13
v,°w£, *"' San Pedro 12 mPler 2
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier -
— , April 5.
E° m X Newport 9 am Pier 11
*- m P ire Coos- Bay ...... 5 pm Pier 13
Marina HumboWt .....' 9 am Pier 13
UmatHla Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier " ? uget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Point TrVni." Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
i-omt Arena. . Polnt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
April 7.
Arcata.. Coos Bay ...12 m Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Curacao Mexican ' Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Coronado GrayB Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt :.... 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
1 April 8.
Pp/noj 1 *- Humboldt 2 pm Pier 0
C'ty Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
G. W . Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Itewbur?...'.. Grays Harbor — pm Pier 2
April 9.
Arequlpa..... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 27
Hongkong M. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.. 5 pm Pier 2
April 1O. •
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Monm'thshirf I Manila & Way Pts ....;.. Pier —
Steamer.
From.
j Due.
Costa Rica Acapulco Apr 4
Hawaiian New York Apr. 4
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 4
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports Apr. 4
San Pedro Humboldt Apr 4
Point Arena Point Arena Apr 4
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr 4
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor Apr. 4
North Fork IHumboldt Apr 4
Nome City Humboldt Apr 4
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 4
Santa Barbara. Santa Barbara Anr. 4
Zealandia Honolulu Apr 5
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Apr. 5
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 5
Progreno Tacoma Apr 5
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 5
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 5
Pomona Humboldt Apr 6
Victoria Oyster Harbor Apr. 6
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr.' 7
State of Cal.... Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr. 7
Tltania Xanalmo Apr 7
Queen San Diego Apr* 7
Matteawan Tacoma A pr 7
Bonita Newport Apr 7
J. en * ura Sydney & Way Ports. Apr! S
«Vii New York vla Panama Apr. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr. 8
V- n 'na China and Japan Apr. 9
Robert Dollar... Seattle Apr 9
Ar f°'Y |Coqullle River Apr. 9
Columbia (Portland and Astoria. Apr. 10
farina Seattle and Tacoma... Apr. 10
lorona I Newport Apr. 10
BTime Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W HW L W H W
4 ... 5:38 0.7 12:24 4.8 6:32 1.8 11:59 5.4
5 ... 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6 6:01 2.1 ...... .....
K \V L-W H W L W
6... 0:20 5.3 6:49 0.4 1:50 4.5 6:33 2.4
7 ... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 1:06 2 8
8 ... 1:16 5.2 8:11 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50 3.2
9 ... 1:5<M 5.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8:41 3 2
10... 2:36[ 5.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4.4 9:54 3.2
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
o . « t April 4. ~
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
M-n^SfS Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
A*me "" ?^ lume 1 , R1^ er -—10 ampler 2
Nomp'rVtV"" TUlamooTc Bay ...12 m Pier 13
v,°w£, *"' San Pedro 12 mPler 2
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier -
— , April 5.
E° m X Newport 9 am Pier 11
*- m P ire Coos- Bay ...... 5 pm Pier 13
Marina HumboWt .....' 9 am Pier 13
UmatHla Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier " ? uget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Point TrVni." Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
i-omt Arena. . Polnt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
April 7.
Arcata.. Coos Bay ...12 m Pier 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Curacao Mexican ' Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Coronado GrayB Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt :.... 9 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
1 April 8.
Pp/noj 1 *- Humboldt 2 pm Pier 0
C'ty Sydney.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
G. W . Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Itewbur?...'.. Grays Harbor — pm Pier 2
April 9.
Arequlpa..... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 27
Hongkong M. China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.. 5 pm Pier 2
April 1O. •
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Monm'thshirf I Manila & Way Pts ....;.. Pier —
BTime Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W HW L W H W
4 ... 5:38 0.7 12:24 4.8 6:32 1.8 11:59 5.4
5 ... 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6 6:01 2.1 ...... .....
K \V L-W H W L W
6... 0:20 5.3 6:49 0.4 1:50 4.5 6:33 2.4
7 ... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 1:06 2 8
8 ... 1:16 5.2 8:11 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50 3.2
9 ... 1:5<M 5.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8:41 3 2
10... 2:36[ 5.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4.4 9:54 3.2
Steamer.
From.
j Due.
Costa Rica Acapulco Apr 4
Hawaiian New York Apr. 4
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 4
City of Sydney. Panama & Way Ports Apr. 4
San Pedro Humboldt Apr 4
Point Arena Point Arena Apr 4
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr 4
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 4
Coronado Grays Harbor Apr. 4
North Fork IHumboldt Apr 4
Nome City Humboldt Apr 4
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 4
Santa Barbara. Santa Barbara Anr. 4
Zealandia Honolulu Apr 5
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Apr. 5
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 5
Progreno Tacoma Apr 5
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 5
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 5
Pomona Humboldt Apr 6
Victoria Oyster Harbor Apr. 6
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Apr.' 7
State of Cal.... Puget Sd & Way Ports Apr. 7
Tltania Xanalmo Apr 7
Queen San Diego Apr* 7
Matteawan Tacoma A pr 7
Bonita Newport Apr 7
J. en * ura Sydney & Way Ports. Apr! S
«Vii New York vla Panama Apr. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Apr. 8
V- n 'na China and Japan Apr. 9
Robert Dollar... Seattle Apr 9
Ar f°'Y |Coqullle River Apr. 9
Columbia (Portland and Astoria. Apr. 10
farina Seattle and Tacoma... Apr. 10
lorona I Newport Apr. 10
Governor Richard Tates is the son of
Richard Yates.'the war Governor of Illi-
nois.
Yates Is to Illinois what Roosevelt is to
the energetic, ambitious, progressive ele-
ment in the East. One of the most con-
vincing speakers in the West, he is a man
of great personal magnetism, as an inci-
dent during the President's inauguration
reception at the "White House showed. The
Hamilton Club of Chicago was received
by 'President McKinley in the east roomi
After the - introduction Bank Examiner
Lameon sang "Illinois," the last line
changed to "True to Tates and McKinley,
Illinois."
One source of Governor Tates' great
strength ¦with all classes is his willingness
to recognize merit and to employ the best
means without fear or favor.
Needing, a spring remedy for himself,
and knowing Paine's celery compound by
reputation, and believing it to be the best
spring remedy obtainable, he used it with
such excellent results that he is willing to
add his -name to the many others
in responsible positions who have pub-
llcly Indorsed Paine's celery compound:
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 8, 190L
"Wells, Richardson & Co. — Gentlemen: I
have used Paine's celery compound and
find It an excellent remedy.
Very truly yours,
RICHARD TATES.
The more intelligent portion of every
community are the ones who best recom-
mend Paine's celery compound. They have
looked into this great remedy, followed its
remarkable achievements In the cases of
friends, neighbors and relatives, and know
just what to expect from Its use as a
nerve and brain etrengthener and re-
storer, and an ideal invlgorator for a run-
down system.
There is less hesitation nowadays among
well-informed people in attending to the
beginnings of poor health. It is well
known that disease Is progressive and
cumulative, easy to drive out at the start,
but a menace to life when allowed to en-
trench itself In any organ of the body.
If people would consider headaches, rheu-
matism, neuralgia, sleeplessness, indiges-
tion and languid feelings in their true
light and as seriously as they deserve to
be, and make a stand against them at
once by means it Paine's celery corn-
California Fortune Oil Co.
SO acres Sunset. SO acres McKittrick. 320 acres
In Coalinga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 60c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, | room 614 Parrott bids. S. F.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Well
No. . 1, pumping over 600 barrels daily, rate<)
the "King" well of the district. No 2 will
be s finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at 50 cents. Order by mall. 73 cents
after April 10. 393 Parrott building, S. F.
In a company owning- producing well.
20c Per Share.
Write or call for Information.
Investors' Assured Stock
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.." 471 Parrott Building.
Weekly Call' $1.00 it Yea?
SAUNAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
18S0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at I5c per share. Prospectus and map
and information on application. J. B. -OL3EN.
Fecrftiyy. £74 Parrott huiMlnc. ?=¦>-» Franciro.
NAPA AND * BERRTESSA ; VALLET ' OIL
COMPANY- Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County. where the finest lubri-
cating ell in California is found; stock at 20
cents; prospectus furnished. 570 and 571 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
l)&. HALL'S RcINVlGOHATOSSH^
Five hundred rewanl for any ajjpfe
case we cannot cure. This secret {pa Bj
remedy stops all losses la 21 hours, ¦
cures Emissions, Impotency. V'ari- HS^! YSt\
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. f7J**f »^f
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all LfeiiJ jji.
wastlnjr effects of s^If abuse or IBS Bj
excesses. Sect sealed. V bottle; 3 BrAgSaF
bottles, $»: guaranteed to cure any ease. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL IN3TITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073^
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
OIL -WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
TANKS
FOR OIL WELLS, FOR IRRIGATIOX. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
FOR OIL. FOR "WATER. FOR CTANIDB
PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
Owns UU acres 8 miles west of Arbuckle,
Colusa County. In the heart of the oil district.
Paraffine base oil. Limited amount -of stock
at 50c. 30,000 shares sold in 10 days. Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. Office '
COMPANY
OIL and REFINING
> OF SUNSET-PROVEN OIL. LAND.
Controls UQ acres. Are drilling. Some stock
is being sold at SOc per share. Information and
prcsnectus furnished on application. No. i.
Second Floor. Mills Bulldinsr. San Francisco.
THE WELLINGTON
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in heart of McKittrick District. ad-
Joining- large producing wells. Small block oC
stock (or sale. Prospectus and Information far.
nlshtd at room 603 Safe Deposit Euildiaf, 323
Montgomery st.
DIRECTORY OF REPUTABLE OIL COMPANIES
pound, there would be a wonderful dimi-
nution in the amount of kidney, liver and
heart disease.
Any one who reads the heartfelt, em-
phatic letters that have appeared from
men and women who owe their health and
often their lives to Palne'a celery com-
pound will be impressed by the sincerity
In every line.
This great modern scientific lnvigorator
and health maker is doing: an enormous
amount of lasting good these spring days.
Its success in making people well has had
no parallel in the history of medicine. It
has cured thousands of cases of rheuma-
tism and neuralgia, many of long stand-
ing that have been despaired of by friends
and physicians.
Compared with other remedies, its per-
manent cures stand out as a mountain
does beside a mole hill. If all the men and
women who have got rid entirely of ner-
vous debility, threatened nervous exhaus-
tion, -sleeplessness and euch organic trou-
bles as kidney, liver and stomach diseases
by its help during the past year alone
could be brought together, what an army
of grateful people it would make!
Paine's celery compound Is the most re-
markable medical achievement of the last
fifty years. Take It now, 'tis spring.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
Used Paine's Celery Compound This Spring and Found
II- II UU ¦¦ L I J
His Health Much Improved,
FOLLpW the advice of
those whose prognosti-
cations have, proved
correct. FOLLOW suc-
cess | follow me.
JAS. R. OERSHON,
537, 538, 539, 550 PARROTT CU1LDING
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
;. Member of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
¦ n 'HSw Em (**%
ii B H la mm &3 E&i rasexj
SI0 -Ji^RUPTimE CURED
. YifaSII&KsaiMj *O* for TEN DOLLARS.
- JSSs3S»3*£S5ws&'5&. Thousands have been rured
'^fifflHreBlpHBiSn&* at their own homes for this
i§£R^^fl^i^Si85} 'naaU price. . Greatest In-
ity.indcmnfort totlierui>-
jfa'-tj^-^*^ _ tured. Xo worthless #alves
S~° JJC ~*»^tk»^.J a Jj — i or lotions to ruh on. Itdoes
<-I»i" *.: : ' \a/ ' * .."*&>>¦» the work. Investigate!
"BootlM X o. 1" giving full information mailed. Immedi-
ately on receipt 2c. stamp and tills ndvt. Call or address
BAGHETIC TRUSS CO. eio M»rk«i str«i, SAH FRANCISCO.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For ' the ' cure • of C GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and/analogous complaints of tha
Oreans of Generation. ,--••¦ >" . . . ,:
Price Jl a hottl". F»r '»'• Vr iimp;!«ti.
$10,000 - - Interest 5 per cent v
$25,000 - - Interest 6 per cent
$20,000 - - Interest 7 per cent
T BEST SECURITY GIVEN.
Call between 9 a. m. and 12 m.
Room 118 Phelan Building, San FranciscoInformal Session— 9:15 .: o'clock— December—
2000 ctls,- SI O4'.i:'4000.'$l O4',£: 2000, « 04%. May
'—2000.;- $1 00U : 4CC0, $1 00% ; 2000, Jl 00%.
Second Session— December— 2000 • ctls, $1 04&;
2000.1 ;$1 04%; 2000, $1 04&. _ - .
» Regular Morning Session — Decembei- — S00O ctls,
fl 04%;; 10,000, »1 04. May— 2000, Jl 00^%. v .
Afternoon ¦ Session— December — 12,000 ctls.
BOARD SALES
WHEAT— New York was lower, Liverpool
lower rand Paris' firmer." .. . • .' • .
I i Chicago ' opened : , weak . and . declining. , with
free • liquidation ' and the bears hammering the
market. .'Long - Wheat - broke prices 5 and • long
Corn came out from all directions. '•';
This market was ; about" ar cent off.. oh s.call,
but spot prices showed no further decline. ' .
. Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; -milling,' JI-02U®
1 05 per ctl. - \- -, - ' —
Wheat and Other. Grains,
Sterling Exchange. CO days....... — $4. SSH
Sterling Exchange, sight.... ..... — 4 S3H
Sterling Cables '. — .-. 4 30>*
New York Exchange, sight...... . — -. "¦¦•¦12>5
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — . ,15
Silver, per ounce ....,—,. . o$%
Mexican Dollars, 'nominal..;, — .60 @ '. 61
Exchange and: Bullion.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
El: minimum, 41; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« risen rapidly over the north
ern portion of the Rocky Mountains and west
ward to the coast. It has fallen rapidly over
Arizona. Conditions are still unfavorable for
«ttl*d fair weather over the greater portion
or the cofcst.
The temperature has fallen rapidly over Ne
vn.ia and Utah, and eastbound travelers may
•-xpect lisrht Enow and freezing temperature
bKSeea the Sierra and the Rockies. At Salt
Lake City there has been a fall of/ 24 degree*
Showers have fallen along the 'coast from
O.n Diego to Eureka- High winds are reported
at Portland. Salt Lake City. Lander. Modena
i>.nd Independence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 4: .
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Thursday with light, to hea\-y frosts In the
morning, continued cool weather; light north
erly winds, westerly on the coast.
Southern California— Clearing Thursday;
licht frosts !n the Interior Thursday morning;
fre?h north winds diminishing In force.
Nevada— Fair Thursday: fresh north winds.
Utah — Snow early Thursday morning, clear-
Ing during the day; continued cold weather,
with heavy frosts Thurs3ay morning; brisk
north winds diminishing in force.
Arizona— C!oudr. colder Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
continued cold weather; light frost in the
morning; light westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE, '
Forecast Official.
Chicago] Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April 3.— Bear forces which had
been gathering their, energies for the onslaught
meant, it was believed by many, for the crush-
Ing.of George H. Phillips, credited ¦with being
in control of the • market, "• broke out at -, the
opening of the corn . market, p.s they also , did
in wheat and oats. Enormous selling pressure,
influenced somewhat pel-haps by weak cables,
was exerted at the . opening. ¦ May was sold
from <2%c to 42c. compared with Monday's
close at 43Hc* .This niaiked a decline of over
2o since Saturday, yet Phillips and his follow
ing,' controlling many millions of bushels,: h»ld
fast. Phillips -on the contrary, acting through'
a new force of brokers, rallied to the support
of the market and a/lded . still more to his
holdings, -even then estimated close to 10.000,000
bushels. May gradually' worked back to- 43c*
wh«?r. the bear forces, aided .by : weak : longs,
again beean their hammering tactics and sent
May back to ,40?ic under a deluge ' of corn.
The bulls, aided by shorts who covered to se
cure , profits, forced '..liy price back to 42%c.
This v/as followed . by another sharp reaction
and the close was . weak, May l;ic under Mon
day at 41?ic. . • ' . '
Wheat was active and weak under the com
bined influences of the - corn 'market,': weak
cables, heavy receipts and good weather/ 'May
opened %@l%c lower at 73T4@73c under liquida
tion led , by ( Phillips. Twice slight I rallies -took
place under reports of iieavy export sales," but
the liquidation continued - and ¦ May yielded to
71V£@71%c. Profit- taking by. shorts caused a
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet but about Eteati/ at unchanged prices.
State common was" quoted at 3{r4c ; prime,
4'-i5i!4%c; choice. 5<g;;}4c; fancy, 6y,@6',ic. Cali
fornia dried fruits were inactive but. steady.
Prunes, 3VJ@7c per pound, .as to size and qual
ity. Apricots— Royal, 7 ! ,a@12c; Moorpark, 8'4@
13c. Peaches— Peeled, 12',4@20c; unpeeled, 9@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
BUTTER— Receipts. 35,430 packages; strong;
fresh creamers', 16@22c: factory. 111?14^c.
. EGGS — Receipts. 21,117 packages; strong;
Western fresh, 13%c.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
.. ' ' ;;
KEW- YORK, April 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23, SOS barrels ; exports, 15,442 barrels; dull and
weaker with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 56,050 bushels; exports,
163,320 bushels; spot. Eteady; No. 2 red,' EOc f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7Sc elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 86?»2 f. o. b. afloat; No, 1
hard Duluth, 9OV4c f. o. b.- afloat. - Options
¦were weak and heavy all day, reaching de
moralization in the afternoon, under stop-loss
selling, a collapse of ct,rn prices, weak Eng
lish cables, short selling and total absence of
buyers Heavy export trade made a little Im
pression on th* market In the last few min
utes. Closed unsettle i . at 1&V&C net decline.
May, 77%@7S%c, closed at 7Sc; July, 77%@7S%c,
closed at 78'/ic; September, ¦ 77',4@7S 5-16c, closed
at 7(',£c. * ¦ ..... .
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDKS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; .fair refining, SV,®
3 17-32c: centrifugal, % test, 4 1-lSc; molasses
sugar, 3 9-32c: refined, tteady. -
COFFEE — Spot Rio, oasy:-No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, dull: Cordova, SV»@12V&c Futures closed
unchanged to a net advance of 3 points; total
sales were 15,250 bag's, including May, $5 55;
July, $5 65: September, $5 65; December, $6 05;
January, $fi 15.
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Seamans. Sacto •
M Taylor, N Y
G H Helsen, Minn
Mrs Helsen, Minn
G E Feagen, Illinois
Mrs Feagen, Illinois
"H N Sloper, Oakland
.1 Mack, Spokane
S W Browning, Ky
I L Patterson, Cal
Mr Spltzer. Toledo O
Mrs Spltzer. Toledo. O
H J Donaldson, N Y
Mrs Donaldson, N Y
Mrs F Bean, Cal
Miss Bean, Cal
E E Bean. Cal
H C Bellinger. Mont
Mrs Bellinger. Mont
C H Helfner. Seattle
C B Dodge. Colo Spgs
Mrs Dodge, Colo Spgs
Mrs K Bloodgoou. N T
N M-Goodlett, Ind
H T Clarke, Omaha
J F Clarke, Chicago
J C Grant, Chicago
Mrs Grant, Chicago
L P Ross, N T
Mrs Ross, X Y
U Woolley. N Y
L> Manheimer, Chicago
A B Coates, Fa
J H Crawford, Tenn
Mra Crawford, Tenn
W Flock. Illinois
Miss L Flock. Illinois
W Bowley. Boston
O L "Wilson, Palo Alto
C F Cook, Chicago
Mrs Cook, Chicago
Mrs H P Victor. Chgo
Mrs J S Crane, Chgo
Mrs Cain, Kansas
Ml»s Cain, Kansas
J J McLaughlln. Mich
P M Rose, Hanford
J O Hoeflelsch. Ohio '
T J Gorman, Portland
T J Frank. Chicago
L T Johnson, Ohio
C W Price. Mont
J Rlngharn, Boston .
Mrs Rlngham. Boston
J W Barr. Ky
Miss Barr, Ky
J K Erdrlck, N T
J E Lague, N T
G S Adam, jf y
Mrs Adam, N T
D R Clarke. N" Y
Mra Clarke. N T
Mrs D P Goodman. NT
J H Meyer. NY
T C Becker, N T
C H Dailey, X T
Miss G Webb, Mich
H Louis, N Y
H G Luytles. St LouSs
Mrs Luyties, St Louis
Mrs M WIgg. Bt Loula
L L de Russy, USA
Miss S F Brown. N Y
L McCreery, Cal
M F Menzles, Cal
Mr Wheeler, Cal
T Driscoll. Cal
J N Wilson, Cal
A Stetson, 3 Salvador
W C Johnson, Cal
G H Southard. N Y
Mrs Southard, N Y
Miss Southard, N Y
Mrs Flanders, f , N T
R £ Cain, Kansas
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs J S Cram. Chlcaso
Mrs H Victor, Chicago
E J Ray. Sta Barbara
J C Kays, Loa Ang
F F Frye & w. Settle
J B Countryman & w,
Ertxon
E T Hatch. St Michael
H M Hall, Weavervllle
Dr C C Teall. N T
G "W Johnson. Mil
B Barrier. London
A TV Smith. N Y
C H Brampton, Chlcag
V Dewlin. Illinois
Mrs S Hlbbler. N J
J H Lewis. Eolli'as
Mrs J H Hammond, la
H S -Hammond. Iowa
W X Noble. San Jose
A D Lane. Wyoming
F H Gllman, Minn
G E Fragans & w, 111
C E Fink. Grand Rpds
F V Krauss, Ohio
O Morrison. Clnn
M B Campbell. Cat
L Bartle & w. Mich
J C Moore. Corning
Mrs J T Moore, Corng
Mrs J Dickinson, 111
T A 'Wagner. . InJ
S Johnson, N J
J Hulton & -w.' Minn - .
J H Palm. aCe& .
E P Smith, Ind
E Miller, Bloornlncton
F Griffin, Va
J F Garney, Angels
W I Foley. Sacto
F H Plnton. Mcnt
F "Wagner, Stanford
P J Hiatt. Grafton
R A Nabey & w, Mlna
W D Kinff. Minn
C W Purln«ton, Boston
G H Harlon. Sta. Fe
G A Hammer Sc ¦w, Cal
P M Rooney. Sacto
N R P.agan. BakersfM
G li Berger. Bakersfld
G Lavaglviua, Utah .
Miss Scappatura. Utah
Lieut R Gardner. U3A
A H Hart. N T
J D Smith. Heald3br?
T C Pecker.paugh, Cal
B Wetherby. Boston
J C Johnson, Reno
E F Read. Buffalo-
II Bnrtscher. Autrusa
G F Hahn. Auburn
J A Kuppenheimer.NT
E S-wlnforl. Coftisa
E MHner & w, R I -•
AH Normand, Rcot!n4
T Golly &. w. Texa»
NEW WESTERM HOTEL
J Macklin & vr, Valjo G Bailey, X Orleans
J Weber & w. Vallejo L H Coster. Portland
R M Deely. Chicago S C Eallord, S Jose
G J Jaeggl. Iowa R M D*aly. Chlcazo
C K Faili* & w. N Y J Mackey. Chicago.
S L Smith, Cal G I> Field, Clcn
B G Tobey,-N-T R M Carpenter. Clnn
Dr Lamar, Colo S Blttpnbender, 8 Jo3«
G S CrawfoTd. Nebr B G Tobey X T
J. Short & w, Boston "W Blink *N T
H Woolff & w. Cal "^
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
SAN DIEGO, April 3.-Charles W.
Pauly was to-day reappointed receiver of
the Golden Cross Mining- Company at
Hedges by Superior Judge Torrance. His
bond was fixed at $25,000. Nine months
ago Mr. Pauly was succeeded by Colonel
Trumbo as receiver, but during that tlmo
"was general manager of the property. His
reappointment is said to be entirely satis
factory to all parties concerned.
Pauly Again Receiver.
by "Way of the Great Northern
Bailroad.
LOS ANGELES, April 1— The second
shipment of citrus fruit to the East via
the new Pacific Coast steamship and
Great Northern route left Port Los Aji
geles to-day on the steamer Santa Rosa.
The shipment consists of fourteen cars of
oranges and one of lemons and is due In
San Jj^ranclsco to-morrow. At San Fran
cisco the fruit will be reloaded for Seattle
on the steamship Umatllla and Is due In
Seattle on the morning of the 9th. The
fruit will be at once loaded on a special
train and leave for the East over the*
Great Northern the same evening.
Second Shipment That Is to Go East
STEAMER SANTA ROSA
LADEN WITH OKANGES
Business was good on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange and there were some
fluctuations. Oceanic advanced to $47. Spring
Valley Water declined to 91. Paauhau to
$31 50 and Hutchlnson to $20 25.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was firmer
at $45 73 and Giant' Powder at $S1 23.
The oil stocks were fairly active, but prices
showed little , change-.
The Corona Oil Company has levied an as
sessment of 3c. delinquent in office April 29,
tale day May "0.
The following dividends are payable on the
10th: California Wine, 60c: Pacific Gas Im
provement, 50c: San" Jose Water, 50c; California-
Street Cable, 5Cc.
Sales cf stocks and bends on the Bond Ex
change during the first three months of the
year were as follows, compared with the same
time last year: Bonds, $2,016,400, against *1.
315,500; stocks, 131,773 shares, against 13S.5S3.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April 3— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
.. Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon...... 113»ill3»i 4s coupon 138%133
4s registered.. 112UU3?i '3s quar coup..lliy>112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3% — Oceanic SS 5s.lO4% —
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116% — Om C R 6s 125% — ;
C C Water 5s. 109 — Pac «. Imp 4s. — 100%
E L & P 6s...l28%133% Pk Cl & R 63.105 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st R 5s.— — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
Haw C Bs%...10$U — 3 E G & R as. 95 —
Haw C 5s — — S F & SJV 5s.ll8»i —
L A R R 5s. .111 — S R of Cal 63.110 —
L A L Co 6s.. — 102 S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1S03).. 113 —
Do gntd 5s. .ICO — Do (1910) 114 —
L A P R R 5S.103 — S P C -Ca (1905.
Markt-st C 6s.l2S% — Series A) 106% —
Do 1st c 53.121 — Do(Series B)107^i —
N C N G R 7s. — 113% Do (1906) 110 —
N R of Cal 63.113 — Do (1912) — —
N R of Cal 5s.ll8>4 — 3 P C 1st g 63.106% —
N P R R 6s. .101% — S P Br R 6s..l31 —
N P R R 5s..lOS«i— S V Water 6s.ll3 113%
NCR 5s HI — . Do 4a 103% —
O G L & H 5s.llO% — Do 3d mtg..lO2% —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — — Stkn G & E 6slOO —
Oak W Co 5s.lC0%101%
: WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 74 (Spring Valley. 90U 91
Marin County. 63% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pac Lt Co.... — 43^
Eqult Gas .... 3 — Sac E R & R— 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8Vi S F G & E.. — 45
O G L & H.. 50 — S^n Francisco. 4% 4%
Pao Gas Imp — 41 Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.237% — | : -¦:,';, -.y.
¦ . BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 70 — Lon P & A..148 —
Bank of Cal..409% — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.lOCU — S F National — 123
1st N of S F. — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS*.
German 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan.'.— —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual .... 50 — Union Trust .. — —
S F Sav U 515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st .. — 143 O S L & H.. 40 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio — *— ;?
Market-st 70 —
7 POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. St 81%|Vigorit — g%
; SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan .. 7% 8 Kilauea 20% 7X\i
Haw Com .... 67 — Makeweli 89% 40
Honokaa 31% — Onomea 23% 29
Hutch S P... 20% 20% Paahau 31% 32
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. — 126% Oceanic SS Co 45% 50
Cal Fruit Can S8 — Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Col31«4 -^
Mer Ex Assn.105 — Par Paint Co. 18 —
Mornlns Session.
. Board— •";" . '-. ¦ '-•¦
40 Alaska Packers' Association 128 75
25 Alaska Packers' Association 128 E0
150 Honokaa 31 50
$0000 Hawaiian C & S Co 53 102 37%
100 Hutchluson S P Co, s 60 20 50 
110 Hutchlnson S P Co..: 20 50
175 Hutchinson. S P Co 20 37%
10O Hutchinson S P Co, s 60 20 2a'
¦ 80 Hutchinson S P Co, s 15 20 37%
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00'
12", Makawell 40 00
$1000 N P C It K 5s bonds log 62%
: - 5 Oceanic SS Co, s 60 47 CO
$3000 Oceanic SS bonds 104 25 '
115 Paauhau S P Co, s 15 31 60 .
120 Spring Valley Water 91 00
$5CC0 S V 4s bcnd3 (2d mtge) 103 75
Street—
;> 15 Spring Valley Water 91 00
Afternoon Session.
y=: - Board—
13 Alaska Packers' Association 1:550
260 Giant Powder Con %\ 23
J40OO Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 102 37%
73 Honokaa Co 3x50
- 100 Hutchlnson S P Co 20 37%
130 Hutchlnscn S P Co..; 20 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co, b 30 20 23
60 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
$7000 Oceanic SS bonds 104 23
25 Paauhau S P Co.... ...*... 31 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co ; ;..„ 45 73
JJOCO S P of A" bonds (1S10) i M o,j
$200 U S Ss bonds (coup) 1U 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
B0 Caribou - 70 :
200 Home Oil — : 390
10C0 Petroleum Center, s Z") j$ '
1000 Petroleum Center, s 30 . 15
2000 Petroleum Center.' s 30 14 .
: -6C0 Petroleum Center 15
.100 Reed Crude si
1C0 Sterling, cash » Co
140 Sterling : 2 05
. - ' Street—
E0 Kern Oil Co 737^
: Afternoon Session.
Board —
3000 California-Standard .; 43
1 Hanford '. ...; 90 CO
10O Home Oil 3 85
2500 Lion Oil Co, b 60 ¦ 20
- 500 Monarch of Arizona 51
100 Monarch cf Arizona 63
50 Peerless, b 60 .- :.; g £f>
1CC0 Peirolsum Center, b 30 ;. 1/
NEW YORK. April 3.— To-day was a record
day in many particulars on the New York
Stock Exchange. The extent and variety of '
the price movement have rarely If ever been
equaled in a bull market, although ths crumb
ling of prices in a panic has occasionally '¦
caused as wide variations. All ordinary btand- j
aids fail in the computation of such a mar- j
ket. The forces in operation were Titanic In j
their power and effect. The undevlatlng sue- !
cces of the speculative leaders in advancing !
prices made them bold to a degree which it is i
moderate to term recklessness. They bought '
with an unsparing hand through the stunning j
avalanche of offerings which was hurled upon 1
them on the advances and lavished the;r re- j
sources apparently with an abiding conviction 1
tl.at the astounding rise in prices, now so long !
continued, was destined to go indefinitely fur
ther. That the speculative spirit was still
rampant among a large circle of the public ]
vas obvious from the large and eager follow- j
ing which was attracted by any show of :
Ftrength at any point in the list. It cannot j
be said that news in the ordinary sense had 1
orythlng- to do with the extraordinary buoy
ancy of the market, although rumors were
plenty and all-embracing. It was also a
n-arked characteristic of the market that the ,
dealings were heavily predominant in a lim- !
ited number of stocks and that the general I
El-eculatlon was decisively influenced by the
movement of these. Two stocks stand out con
spicuous even in this list, the price movement
in which was astonishing throughout. These i
ore Delaware and Hudson and Rock Island. '
The former stock was the conspicuous leader
of the early rebound from the slight opening ;
depression. Rumors were circulated that a i
lease had been signed by which the New York
Central took control and guaranteed a dividend
of 7 per cent for a year and 8 per cent an
nually afterward. The stock was run up an i
extreme 13% points to 185%. Rock Island was !
under rather severe pressure at the opening j
and was forced 1% under last night. It was
not until late in the day that it assumed ths
ltadership of the market, when it was rushed
uf by rapid stages on the purchase of blocks
of thousands of shares to 151, at which point
it closed at an extreme rise from the lowest
of 13% points. The buying of the Grangers
seemed to be based largely on general con- I
sicierations. The movement resulted in an ex
treme advance of S% in Burlington, 6 In St.
Paul and Omaha, 5 in the preferred. 3% in
Northwestern. 4»i in the preferred, 2%. In St.
Paul and 3% In the preferred. The rise in
Lackawanna was obviously in sympathy with
that In Delaware and Hudson and extended to
C%. People's Gas became very buoyant at the
last and rose an extreme 4 3 i in sympathy with
Rock Island. Thei* wan an enormous amount
of profit taking during the day and only a few
Flocks escaped without serious Inroads upon
their best prices, the reaction extending to as
much as 5 in Delaware and Hudson and large
p mounts in other volatile stocks. This was
notably true of the steel stocks, which were
under pressure all day and were much less
actively traded in. The engagement of an ad- j
ditional $1,COO,CGO In gold for export was totally i
ifnored.
Dealings in bonds were large and the mar
ket irregular. Total sales, $3,635,000.
United States new 4s advanced U and the
old 4s coupon declined % per cent on the last
call. - 1
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. I
Sl'ares Closing j
Sold. Stocks— ' Bid. !
3,300 Atchison 62% I
34.800 Atchison prefd 90 j
2,300 Baltimore & Ohio 92>,i
200 Canadian Pacific 91 I
1,200 Canada Southern 63% !
11. SCO Chesapeake & Ohio 47
2,400 Chicago Great Western 23
175.200 Chicago Burlinfrton & Quincy 1S5%
1.100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 33>i
900 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 74%'
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 116%
7.300 Chicago & Northwestern 18s4i i
1S8.9CO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 150U j
800 C C C & St Louis..... S1U I
2,100 Colorado Southern 11% j
13,300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 45% 1
2,400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20% I
67,400 Delaware & Hudson 181%!
8,700 Delaware Lack & Western.. 220*1 •;
2,400 Denver & Rio Grande 45%
2,300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd SSV
1M.200 Erie ssil
34,100 Erie 1st prefd 70%
5,100 Great Northern prefd 203
500 Hocking Coal 19
200 Kocklr.g Valley 64%
.14,200. Illinois Central :..141
5,600 Iowa Central S2>4
700 Iowa Central prefd 61
1,200 Lake Erie & Western 62%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
Lake Shore 210U
C0.700 Louisville & Nashville 104"
43.200 Manhattan L 129'i
6.200 Metropolitan Street Railway :.164"i
4,100 Mexican Central 22
SOO Minneapolis & St Louis 86%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
SO.SOO Missouri Pacific 104
300 Mobile & Ohio 80%
5.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas ;.... 25%
6,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 58%
3,900 New Jersey Central 1&6
24,300 New York Central..... 148%
6.5C0 Norfolk & Western ; 61%
3,600 Norfolk & Western prefd .'... £«%
1S.100 Northern Pacific 97%
21,700 Northern Pacific prefd -.... S5»,4
16,800 . Ontario & Western 36%
Oregon. Railway. &. Nav : 42
Cregcn Railway & Nav prefd 76
87,300 Pennsylvania 156
15,700 Reading Z6%
13.S00 Reading 1st prefd 76»i
£3,600 Reading 2d prefd 54
Rio Grande Western 84
Rio Grande Western prefd.. ...... ...105 '
l.*00 St Louis & San Francisco 43%
SCO St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd. 83%
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67
30.000 St Louis Southwestern 371,4
5,700 St 'Louis Southwestern prefd .66%
6i,7C0 St Paul ..155»i
1.000 St Paul prefd l?S
1.000 St Paul & Omaha 138
13,200 Southern Pacific 46%
8.500 Southern Railway i'S^
3,600 Southern Railway prefd 79U
31.2C0 Texas & Pacific...... 37Ti
121,100 Union Pacific 53*,
10.500 Union Pacific prefd... So»;
1.700 Wabas-h *0'i
9.6C0 "IVabafh prefd 39%
S00 Wheeling & Lake Krie 19U
' eoo Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd... 36V4
2,100 Wisconsin Central 20<;
:00 Third Avenue 121-i
1.3W Baltimore & Ohio prefd 9114
¦ 2.400 National Tub*, t r.... 68
COO National Tube prefd 11S'>
13,800 Amalgamated Corr>er : 101 "
Express Companies —
Adams .• i$o
: American ,...19S
1.2C3 United States X 76
1C0 Wells Farto ". .........140
Miscellaneous —
i"00 American Cotton OH.... JS
American Cotton Oil prefd.... ..S3
100 American Maltins ; r.%
100 American Malting prefd...... :. SG
-.300 American Smelttnr & Refining...... 54
,300 American Smelting & Ref prefd...; 93%
..^ American Spirits- 2>I
American Spirits prefd.... 17'
2.P00 American Stee! Hoop 4S .
1.200 American Steel Hoop prefd.. 95 s !
4,100 American Steel & Wire... 4S'4
, WO American Steel & Wire prefd-. ...... Ill'
1.200 American Tin Plate... 73
. l.fiM American Tin Plate prefd.. 113
37,400 American Tobacco ..:.'....:.. . 127U
....... American Tobacco prefd.... •...148
i,ZW Anaconda Mining Co id'
17.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.-. 82%
POO Colorado Fuel & Iron «4S),
6,100 Continental Tobacco 4VU
«7* 4 22 Tobacco prefd :.104%
21.400 Federal Steel ..... 551?
2,300 Federal . Steel prefd.: ;..V..;.. .'.:.:. .104V.
. ,300 General Electric 218 "
' .100 Glucose Su>»ar ..... 49%
™ Glucose Sugar prefd.."..'..' '..'..'. 37 .
. 1.200 . International Paper ">7
v. 6,MK> International Paper prefd............ S0 T i
300 Laclede Gas .:;......-.;.. S3
New York Stock Market.
' CORN— Spot, steady; 'American mixed, 1 new,
Ts ll%d; do, old, 4s %d. Futures, quiet; May,
Cs 10%d; July, 3s 10U; September,' 3s 10%d. >
WHEAT — Spot, steady: No. 2 red Western
winter,- 6s Id; No. 1 Noithern spring, 6s 2%d;
No. 1 California, 6s S^d. Futures, steady;
May.- or, Il%d;-July. 5a ll%d..
COTTON-Uplands. 4-;id.
-A; CLOSING,
LIVERPOOL. April 3.— Wheat, easy: No.' 1
Standard California, Gs 3%d@6s 4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet: flour In- Paris, quiet; French
country markets, partly cheaper; weather" In
England, overcast. • r -
. LONDON, April 3.— Consols, 95 13-16; sliver,
26 15-16d; French rentes,. 101 f 27%e. "Wheat car
goes on passage, heavy and depressed; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla
Walla,/ 29s; English country markets, quiet, but
steady. ' . • ¦ ¦ - - .
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. April 3.— WHEAT— Declined %c
to-day. Blue stem, 59c; club, 56%c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND,' April 3.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la.. 57c. ¦ : • •' V
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 3.— Clearings, $404,
539; balances, $160,S12. ' .
Portland's Business.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000: • sheep, steady to
strong; lambs;. steady; good to choice wethers,
including export." $4 9O@3 25; fair to choice
mixed, $4 6O@5:~ Westsrn sheep, including ex
port, $4 90@5 25: yearlings,. $4 90@5 25; native
lambs, $4 7a@5 40; Western lambs, $5 15@5 40. .
KOGS— Receipts to-day, - 26.CO0: to-morrow;
18.0CO: left over, 2300: nearly steady; top, $6 20;
mixed butchers, $5 00@6 15; good to choice
heavy, $6 05@6 20; rough heavy, $5 90© 6; light,
$5 85@6 10;: bulk of sales, $6@6 12%:
CHICAGO. April 3^-CATTLE— Receipts, 17, -
CCO, including 200 Texans; steady to firm; butch
ers' stock and Texans. strong: good to prime
steers. $3<a»6; poor to medium, $3 90@4 90: stock
ers and feeders, $2 6o©4 75; cows, $2 75<g>4 40;
heifers, $2 iO@4 60; canners, active, shade- high
er, $2@2 75: bulls, strong, -53 75@4 45; calves,
slow, $4 75@6 20; Texas fed steers, top sales,
$5 ll®o 25; Texas grazers, firm, $3 50@4; Texas
bulls." $3 60@4. "
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, April S.— The cotton market
or.ened steady, with an advance of 2@4 points,
end afterward the course of prices was for
the most part strongly upward. May was the
leading feature throughout the session, opening
at 8.01c, selling off to 7.99c and then advancing
to 8.30c. with the close at 8.24c. Last. Satur
day May closed at 7.6Sc. To-day's best price
represented, for the position, an advance of
%c. ¦ The market closed Eteady at a net ad
vance of 8 to 28 points.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK,' April 3.— Advices. from London
Indicated a quiet and good market for tin;
spot closing on the bas.s of £113 15s and futures
at £111 12s. 6d. The local market for that
metal, however, had a decidedly weak under
tone under a sheer absence of support, as the
statistical position gives. 110 promise of a bull
ish turn. The close was weak at $23 2u@23 50,
showing a loss of 23 points on bid figures. The
rest of the list in the local metal market, how
ever, was without important, new feature or
even variation in price. Copper was about
unchanged in London ut £68 12s 6d for spot
and £6i 2s 6d for futures. Here the situation
was featureless and Lake Superior was nom
inally quoted at $17 and, casting and electro
lytic at $16.62%. Lead continues dull and un
changed at 44 50. Spelter ruled tolerably
steady in tone with! trade dull : at old prices—
$3 90@3 95. American Iron markets were quiet,
but firm. Plff Iron warrants were quoted at
?9 &0@10 50: Northern foundry, $15 25@16 50;
Southern foundry, $14@15 51), and soft Southern,
$13@15 30. '
BOSTON. April 1 3.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter ,. to-morrow:, will say: -
The week J«st passed has been remarkable,
rot only because of the large wool sales which
have been made, but . because these sales have
been made with no quotable effect upon the
price in either direction. There 'is felt to be
a certain amount of firmness, due to a refusal
on the part of the sellers to make any great
concession, but on- the other hand there Is
eoual determination on the part of buyers not
to pay any more for wool than they have been
giving for the past few weeks. -The bulk, of
the buying • of ; the past week has come from
wonted mills, and they have confined them
selves pretty largely to fine and fine medium
Territory. Buyers have included such concerns
a& the American Woolen Company, which has
bf-ena large buyer. ' Arlington Mills, Pacific
Mills and the Wanskuku Company. They have
bought largely but. carefully, with an eye to
quality, as well as price. The sales for the
v.eek In Boston amounted to - 11,323.000 pounds
domestic arid , 160.0CO foreign, making a total
of ll,4S5,0C0 pounds, ; against a total of 6.997,000
for the previous week, and a total of 2,714.000
for - the corresponding week last year. Sales
since January 1 amount to 65,126,900 pounds,
against 43,729,000 for the corresponding - time
last year. ' _ . : . • ' . . ,
¦New York Metal- Market. '
• LIVERPOOL. •
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 11% - 5 11%
Closing ...5 11% 5 11%
PARIS, i ' < -
Wheat— > .March. May- Aug.
Opening ' IS 65 19 40
Closing '. IS 75 - 19 45 .
Flour — ¦¦¦-:¦-
Opening '. 23 60 24 50
Closing 23 70 24 65
Boston Wool Market.
BAN FRANCISCO. April 3—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a» compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
houre:
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.>
Weathtr Report.
"With respect to the now enormous issues
of industrial stocks floating on the market
they differ very widely from the prospects of
the railroad investments. Some $2,i00,000,OO0 of
Bound and honest industrial investments which
have rarely seen the open market have been
suddenly converted Into $5,000,000,000 of issues,
the largrer t>art of which Is In common stock,
liable at any moment to be thrown upon the
market. The result of these conversions is to
put our industrial system largely upon a
speculative foundation. At the same time the
management of this vast amount of business
has been subjected to untried methods, about
the outcome of -which there can be no certain
oFtimate. The whole movement is a stupend
ous experiment, undertaken as much from
speculative impulses as from pound business
motives. And this immense volume of uncer
tain Issues is to find its market in Wall street.
The effect upon th« f-teadier securities of the
railroads must at least be disturbing and the
morale of speculation can hardly fail to be
lowered." •¦-'-.-.:-
"If these are the conditions and movements
row existirp — and they not only are natural
to such a situation but also are already in
process of execution — it seems prudent for the
ordinary speculative fcclder of stocks to begin
to lessen his obligations and prepare for a
turn in the market. The market has unques
tionably some strong and eound factors in it,
and especially in the railroad list. For the
y<-ar 1300 the earnincr, both gross and net.
ere far beyond all precedent. Not a few roads
8i e beginning to pay dividends which have
never paid them before; the alliances between
groups of competing roads afford promise of
a ' large mitigation of rate-cutting; and It is
not unlikely that, after the subsidence of the
existing speculative excitement there may be
a resumption of those co-operative alliances.
All this warrants a higher normal level of
stock price* than has heretofore existed. But
these intrinsic improvements have already been
lairly discounted; the current average prices
of many Ktocks range above their dividend
paying value, . current or prospective, and a
readjustment of their values will sooner or
later be in order. - ,
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
'•As a rule the bankers and the great banks
are bocomirg cautious. It is safe to assume
tl.at this important class are already under
ocrr.niitments as largs as they care to carry.
They do not need to be' reminded that it is
ree»'.ful to maintain a reserve of strength
egainst the rebound of the speculative boom
erang tl.'at may possibly appear sooner or later.
It is rather their policy to effect a liquidation
on their present advances than to encourage
new ones; and, of course, it may be expected
that they will aim to get out while cliques
snd outsiders are thinking it safe to hold on.
Another important foroe is co-operating with
the banking contingent. The multl-mlllionalre3
who have been the chief principals In the
great co-operative schemes understand that
current prices are llkoly to be the highest for
a long time to come for the Issues in which
they have become so largely interested; they
find the market flooded with largely over
valued stocks: the time for them to realize is
therefore while the market Is strong and ac
tive: and well-informed men do not need to
be told that they are pursuing that policy as
fast as thy can do so without breaking down
prices.
Condition of Wall Street.
"Haisins are dull. A little buying is being
don; for the approaching Jewish holidays, but
that is about all. Apricots are easy, and al
most totally neglected. Unpeeled California
P'-ai hes are Felling in a small way at very
low prices. Cheaper and fancy grades are
tskin. medium grades net being wanted.
Fouthcrn peeled peache* are very sick. Prime
tpples are easier, 4%c being bid and 4%c
afkc<J."
Mail reporie from New York tay: "Prunes
continue to sell well, and the market is firmer,
particularly on tO-COs. It is doubtful if that
size can be picked up njw under £%c. Stocks
of all sizes on the epot are reduced further,
there having been practically no arrivals this
week worth speaking of. The cut for expon
trade by the Cured Fruit Association to a Ic
basis, f. o. b., coast, has had no apparent
actual effect on the spot market other than
to cause a little uneasiness in some quarters
e? to the possible course of the domestic mar
ket. Local exporters have not succeeded in
fining any business with the other side, as
far &r can be discovered, prices having been
received In Europe direct from California
houses several hours before New York dealers
wort 1 able to forward quotations.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Internal revenue coIW-ctions in this district
In March were J333.6&6, against {312.918 in
March, 1S0O. the loading descriptions being as
follows: Lists, $33,'J37: beer, $108,860; fruit
epirits. $4S,303; grain spirits, $45,514; cigars,
SIS. 193; cigarettes, $5391; tobacco. $3569; docu
mentary etamps, $39.35?; proprietary stamps,
$12,701.
Revenue Collections.
f.ret quarter of the year were $747,883, against
J1.636.1C8 during the came time last year, as
follows: Silver dollars. $236,463; silver bullion,
$3S1.174; gold bullion, f 70.240.
Imports cf specie from Mexico during the
Imports of Mexican Specie
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creamery. 15(g20%c; dairy,
ll@18c. Cheese, quiet, ll®12Kc. Eggs, active;
fiesh. 12Vi@12%c.
ji 1 • *
Articles—
Flour, barrels .,
Wheat, bushels
Corn. busheU' .
Osts, bushels- .
Rye, bushels .'-..
Earley. bushels
¦ - - ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
98,000 92,000
342 000 - .243,000
..............503.O0O ' 478,000
...737.000 638,000
23,000 11,000
,,...• w ., 69,000 . 10,000
Cash quotations were as «< follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 73fi74%c; No. 2 red,
7i@74'/2c; No. .2 corn. 41c; ¦ No. 2 yellow, ,41c:
N'o. 2 cats. ¦ 26%c; No.- 2 -white. 29<£?29i4c; No.
3 white, 27%®fS9c: No -2 rye, r-3S53%c: good
ftcdlng barley. 4Cc; fair to choice malting,
4f.<S56c:-'Nc. 1 flaxseed. $1 54; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 S3; prime- timothy seed. $4 05; mess
pork, per barrel. 1 $15'35@lir 40: lard, per . -100
I>cunds, $8 60@8 62%; short-rib sides (loose).
$H 15@8 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed). J6 73©
6 S7%: short. clear sides (boxed),. $8 50@S 60;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, $11. ; , - .' : . ; ¦;
Silver lower. No further change in Exchange.
Wheat futures lower. Barley zvcakcr.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bran firm and Hay steadier under lighter receipts. '
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and .Vegetables steady.
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues in good shape for sellers. .
Apricots and Almonds reported damaged by frost.
Oranges doing better. Limes lower. Lemons weak.
Nothing nczv in Raisins and Dried Fruits.
Provisions reported firm everywhere.
Hogs still stiff, with light supplies.
Fair trading on the stock exchanges.
Revenue collections show an increase this year.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general . fund,
exclusive of the J130.000.0CO gold In the division
of redemption, shows: Available cash balance,
$158,138,559; gold, $100,447,485. , ;}?&"£¦
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, April 3.— Money on call steady
at 2@3 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 3%(g>
4% per cent. Sterling exchange easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at J4 8S@4 88%
for demand and at $4 S4?i®4 84% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 80%@l 83; commercial bills,
$4 S4%. SMver certificates, 5S%@60c. Bar sli
ver, 5S^c. Mexican dollars, 48%c. Government
bonds, irregular; State bonds, easier; railroad
bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
Atchison, 64%; Canadian Pacific, fl4U ;¦ North
ern Pacific preferrtd, '.>!; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 87U; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda, 9%.
Bar silver, flat, 26 15-I6d per ounce. Money,
4 per cent.
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, April 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market for home stocks was dull here to
day. All the business that was done was re
stricted to American shares and West Africans,
which were extraordinarily buoyant. The tone
of all the rest of the market was heavy. The
American department was highly excited and
new high records were made in several issues,
the Eries, Northern Pacifies and Louisville and
Nashville". London was a large buyer of Louis
ville and New York supported this stock, also
Northern Pacific issues, which Berlin Joined
in the buying of, on the revival of the old
story that the Northern Pacific was to acquire
the Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul after all.
Tlie general list remained quiet, with Atchison
dragging. The bank has bought £20,000 in
Indian bars. Silver was flat and it looked
as if it might go lower, a' great many weak
holders having turned to realizing.
Adams 22;Little Chief 14
Alice 34,Ontario 9 50
Breece ;1 30 1 Ophir 62
Brunswick Con..... 24|Phoenix ...' 08
Comstock Tunnel... 06jPotosi 10
(Ton Cal & Va 1 70 Savage .,08
Deadwood Terra • 50 Sierra Nevada 24
Horn Silver 1 lOjRmall Hopes 60
Iron Silver ". 59 Standard 42
Leadvllle Con 05l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . (Union Pacific *. 93%
Call loans 3 @4 Union Land 3%
Time loans 3Vi@4 West End 86%
Stocks.^ — Bonds — - '
A T & S F 62% Atchison 4s 102
A T & S F prefd.. 96 Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. ..141 Adventure 14%
Bell Telephone 169% Blngham 23%
Boston & Albany. .237 Amalg Copper 101%
Boston Elevated.. .172 Atlantic ¦.. 32 .
Boston & Maine.. .193 Boston & Mont 353
Oh?o. Bur & Q.-.-lSS 1 ,! Butte & Boston.... 96V3
Dominion Coal 33 (Calumet & Hecla..825
Dom Coal prefd.. ..Ill Centennial 25%
Federal Steel ...... 54% Franklin 18%
Fed Steel prefd 105 iHumboldt 23
Fitchburg prefd.. ..144%|Osceola 81
Gen Klectric 217%iParrot fit
Gen Elec prefd 21S jQuincy 175
Ed Elec III.. ...... .255 iganta Fe Copper... 7%
Mexican Central... 21% Tamarack 333
N -E Gas & Coke. 11% Utah Mining 33
Old Colony 208 Wlnona 4%
Old Dominion 23 Wolverines 50
Rubber 20%
London Market.
MINING STOCKS,
U S 2s ref reg 106U N Y Cent lsts..:...107»i
U S 2s ref coup... 106% N J Cent gen 5s...l33<4
IT S 3s reg....: 110% N Pacific ?s 72%
U S 3a coup 111% N Pacific 4s 105%
U S new 4s reg... .138% N Y C & St L 4s. .107
U S new 4s coup..!3S% N & W con 4s...:. 101%
U S old 4s reg 11314 Or Nav lsts 109
U S old, 48 coup.. .113 Or Nr.v 4s.... ...... lOS 1^
U S C-a reg ...111% Or S Line 6s.., 128
U S Es coup 111% Or S Line con 5s. ..118
Dist of Col 3.63s.. .123% Reading sen 4s.... 95%
Atchison *en 4s. ...102% R G W lsts... 101
Atchison adj 4s...: '95% S L & I M con 5s. 117
Canada So 2ds 109% S L & S F gen 6s.l31%
Ches & Ohio 4^8. .107% St Paul cons 184%
Ches & Ohio ES....121 S P C & P lsts.. ..118%
C & NW con 7s.,. .141% S P C & P 5s. .....120%
O & NWSFdeb Es.124 So Pacific 4s 93
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 9"M So Railway fs 117
Colo Southern 4s.. 88 - Stand R & T 6s... 61
D & R G 4s 1(72 Tex & Pac lsts. ...120
Erie General 4s.... S9% Tex & Pac 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts.10.iii Union Pacific 4s. ...106
Gen Electric 5s. ...180 Wabafh lsts 119%
Iowa Central lsts.. 117% Wabarti 2ds .......110%
L & N Unl 4s 102Vi -West Shore 4s 115%
M K & T. 2ds Rl Wis Cent lsts 90%
M K & T 4s 99V4 Va Centuries 95%
CLOSING BONDS,
6.1C0 National Biscuit 41%
National Biscuit prefd 96
National Lead icy;
National Lead prefd 84"
2,800 National Steel ...;.............. 59?i
CCfl National Steel prefd......... -..117%
New Ycrk Air Brake • ...1.16"
1.200 North American 86%
200 Pacific Coast 55
Pacific Coast 1st prefd .' 91%
Pacific Coast' 2d prefd... 64
SCO Pacific Mail 36V
57,600 People's Gas ...111%
! 500 Pressed Steel Car.. 29
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 80%
300 Pullman Palace Car ;:..213
200 Standard Rope &-Twine -. 4»i
, 9.?00 Sugar : :.....; .....MHi
100 Sugar orefd : 121
6.'.tf)0 Tennessee Coal & Iron..... 64Vi
.2.300 United States Leather... .13
SflO United States Leather prefd 76%
4,000 United States Rubber 20%
S&0 United States Rubber prefd f>S%
9.C00 Western Union 93%
K.5C0 Republis Iron & Steel .....:. 20%
1,700 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 77U
80,800 United States Steel 4S%
37,100 United States Steel prefd S6%
P C C & St Louis..* 67
1,576,900 Shares sold.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
130 Petroleum Center • M <
50 Petroleum Center 15
10O Rex M
353 Sterling ;....; JW
10CO Westlake IS
1C0 Yukon 33
200 Yukon 30
SAX FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE*
Morning Session.
Board —
SCO Caribou 70
100 Caribou. 71
10O Caribou "2
10O Home Oil S S5
100 Kern Oil 7 50
2000 Lion Oil Co 21
500 Lion Oil Co 20
200 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 48
SCO Monarch of Arizona, s 90 50
300 Monarch of Arizona 53
5C0O Petroleum Center, 3 90 15
2000 Reed Crude 52
2300 Reed Crude 53
Afternoon Session,
Board—
10C0 California-Standard 44
200 Caribou '. 75
100 Home Oil S 87%
COO Junction 82*
10CO Lion Oil Co. s S 19
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales !n tn» San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yeaterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 0S| 400 Ophlr » «3
700 Con Cal & Va..l SO 300 Ophir ; 64
600 Crown Point.... 13 ICO Overman 14
600 Crown Point.... 13 400 Overman 13
1C0O Hale & Norcrs. 10 ICO Potost 11
500 Mexican 23 4C0 Sierra Nevada.. 23
200 Mexican 30 400 Sierra Nevada.. 27
300 Occidental 05 800 Yellow Jacket.. 15
400 Ophlr 65
. .."cO Afternoon Session.
1100 Best & Belcker IS 100 Overman „ 14
500 Chollar 11 20O Seg Belcher 03
850 Con Cal & Va..l 90 300 Sierra Nevada.. 30
*00 Hale & Norcri. 11 100 Silver Hill 33
6C0 Ophir 69 300 Silver HU1 33
SCO Ophir 63
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher OS 200 Mexican _• 23
1100 Best & Belcher IS 900 Ophlr 6..
1400 Con Cal & V...1 85 200 Ophlr 66
1250 Con Cal & V.I 82% 200 Potosl 12
7C0 Con Cal & V...1 80 500 Sierra Nevada.. 2:>
400 Crown Point.... 1* 500 Sierra Nevada.. 23
300 Gould & Curry. 13 5C0 Union Con 1J
700 Mexican 29
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belchtr IS 3C0 Mexican 33
2C0 Best & Belcher 19 200 Mexican ....,«. 31
BOCTChollar 13 500 Mexican ~ 35
300 Chollar 12 200 Ophir 67
200 Con Cal & V.I 87% 6C0 Ophir «**
SCO Con Cal & V...1 90 500 Overman 13
430 Con Cal & V.I 92% I 4C0 Sierra Nevada.. 31
500 Gould & Curry. 131 2C0 Union Con 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. April 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 03 Justice- C2 M
Alta C5 07 Kentuck 01 C3
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash fl 02
Belcher 03 09 Mexican 31 3a
Best & Belcher 13 13 Occidental 03 C>
Bullion — 01 Ophlr «7 63
Caledonia 72 73 Overman T3 It
Challenge Con.. 15 17" Potosi 10 11
Chollar '11 12 Savage OS l'>
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 85 1 90 Seg Belcher... .. 04 03
Con Imperial... — C2 Sierra Nevada.. » 31
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 33 40
Crown Point.... 12 14!st Louis 08 —
Eureka Con 06 — ! Standard 4 1S4 3O
Exchequer ..... 01 CJ Syndicate ...... 03 —
Gould & Curry. 13 14; Union Con 15 13
Hala & Norcrs. 03 11 Utah P4 05
Julia 01 02 1 Yellow Jacket.. 15 17
Articles—. " * Open. 'High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ' . - , .
May 73-4 73T4 7U4 72%
July ••••••' 73%- -.73% 72H 73
Oorn No. 2—' ¦ . ¦;- -
April ..........:.... .,;..' ........ 40%
May 4234 .43 40% 41"i
July ...: 43 43»4 iV.i v -42i»
Oats "No. 2—". - - - • • '
May • 23U 25"i 24H . 2«"»
July ;... 25Va ' 25H 24^4 -21%
Mess Pork, per barrel— '
May .......... ......lj^60 13 65 15 40 15 45
July- ..:.....' 1530 15 S5 13 17 ',4 15 25
Lard, .per 100 pounds— .
May 8 37V4 8 60 8 37',i 8 47^4
•Tuly ;.. ..823-830 825 8 27»,s
September ........V 8 22H '8 30 S 22% . 8 27%
Short Ribs, per ICO pounds—
May... :..„.. 8 20 8 30 8 20 8 25
July :-.- 8. 12% . 8 17% 8 10 8 15
September ....:.... S 10 8 15 . 8 10 8 15
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
rally : near, the ; end.v put the close was weak.
May l%@2c lower • at 7274® 72}ie. . ." •
Oats were - remarkably-: steady in. the sur
rounding weakness. Phillips standing firm- .The
close was «4@%c. lower at^24%c. ' < -~ : -~
Provisions were active and 1 irregular. May
pork . closed 15c . lower, lard : 17^c up Aid ribs
£c improved. I- - - -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Flour, qr sks 10.460 Broomcorn, bales 49
Wheat, ctls 1,340 Beans, sks. ....... 623
Barley, ctls 8,100 Pelts. Mis 2.793
Oats, ctls 680 Potatoes, sks S.973
Corn, ctls.... 50 Onions, sks 100
Rye, ctls... 400 Wine, gals 33.600
Hay. tons 410 Brandy, gals 4,683
Wool, bales 576 Tallow, ctls 208
Bran, sks 2,020|Leather. rolls 63
Middlings, sks.... 812 Quicksilver, flsks Z
FOR WEDNESDAY, APFJL 3.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.65c; Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c; Extra C,
5.05c; Golden C. 4.95c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders . taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. - Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.53c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bry&nt, $5 50; Coos
Bay,J3 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative "VTalls
er.d, $3; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
pel, $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky . Mountain descriptions,
is 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 60 per ton, accord
ins? to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, rer lb. in 100-lb bags:
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 7c; spot. 6%G7c:
local make, He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Baea. 30@34c: Fleece Twine. 7%®Sc
General Merchandise.
, There Is no weakness apparent In Hogs, as
receipts are still meager, and the high prices
are obtained without difficulty.
BEEF— 708c for Steers and 627c per lb for
COWI.
VF.AIj — Large, 7@Sc; email, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SS9c; Ewes, 7%©Sc per
pound. -
LAMB — Spring. 10010^0 per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. «Hc :
ISO to 225 lbs, 6?itf6Hc: 225 and over, 6^6Vic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, S}fcG9%c.",
San Francisco Meat Market.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4&c per lb; No. 2.
Z\Wic; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring, IBM or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 15@16c per lb: Northern, free. 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10©
lie: do, detective, S@10c: Southern. 12 months,
S@3c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months, -7®Sc; Or°gon Valley, fine.
15@16c: do. medium and coarse. 14@15c: Orepron,
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good. 9@llc;
Nevada. 10*?12c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. ".'»:':
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^ic under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers;- 9%e; medium. S^ic; light. 8c. Cow
Hides, %¥.o for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. »c: Salted Veal. 3c: .'Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, 15%c; Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Culls and Brands, 12@
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
Wool, 30@40c each; medium, 50@6oc; long "Wool.
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt. J2 50 for large
and J2@2 25 - for medium. $1@1 25 for small and
fOc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, Jl 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red" skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; 'winter or thin skins. rOc.
Goatskins — Prime . Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, ' £0c ; medium. 35c.
Hides, Tallozv, . Wool and Hops.
compound and 10%o for pure: half -barrels,
pure, lO^ic: 10-lb tins, ll?ic; 6-lb tins. U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 89«c; three
half -barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8V»c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
:'- All ' markets continue to report firm prices
and \ light ; stocks. ' . .
CURED : MEATS— Bacon, "12c per ,1b. for
heavy. 12V4@13c - for ¦ light medium, 13%o •; for
light, 14»Ac for extra light and 15%o for eugar
cured; : Eastern sugar-cured < Hams, 13c; : Mess
Beef, J12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, J12 50; Fam
ily. J13 50; - prime Mess ¦ Pork, Jl&@15 50; • extra
clear, $23 ; Mess. $19 ; • Smoked - Beef, ¦ 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at* 654c: per : lb for
Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7c.for Royals and>S&@
10c for Moorparks ; I Evaporated | Apples, j 3%@5c ;
sun-dried, lVi@2%c; Peaches, Z<gZV 2 c for stand
ard, 4@4%c. for choice -. and • E@6c for fancy;
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 4®oc; unpitted,.l@
l%c;' Nectarines,'" 5@5^c for red and bUGac for
white. -. ¦ ¦• , ¦ , -
. PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-493. 7c;
40-5OS, 6%c; 50-60S, 4%c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3^4c;
S0-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2#c; 1CO-1203, V&c; rubies,
Uc premium; Sonomas; He and San Joaquins
%c less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same. ' I
RAISINS — The Raisin . Growers" Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime,- 9c; ; unbleached Thomp
son's. Sc per lb. ; Sultanas— Fancy. lO^ic per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, fi&c: prime, -Sc; ' un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; ;j5eedless, BO-lb boxes,
6V4c;- 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, . 6}£c; 2-crown," 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown,- 5c; 3-crown, > 5%c,
and 4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, 6^4c; choice, 1S
ounce. 63ic: 12-ounce. 5Uc; ' Lcndon Layers,
2-crown, Jl 50 per box: ' 3-crown, $160; Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, J3. .• All
prices . f. '. o. . b. at common shipping ; points in
California.'-; -:' . . .
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 sof tshell, 10c; No. 2, 7^c; No.
1 hardshell, 9^6c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell. 9® lie for ¦ sof tshell; Peanuts,
5<g6c for Eastern: Brazil -Nuts, ,13c; Filberts,
13c; " Pecans. ',114? 13c; Cocoanuts, J3 50@5. ¦
HONEY— Comb,' 13%@14c for -bright and*12i,4
@13c ior light amber; water white extracted,
VAc ;• light : amber extracted,- 6^@7c: dark, 6@
6%c per lb. . - - - .. '.
BEESWAX— 24®26c. per lb.
There Is nothing new to report,
From Weather Bureau . reports and letters
from growers in different parts of the State
it appears that more or less damage to Apri
cots and Almonds has been done by the recent
frosts. " Its extent and severity have not yet
been- definitely determined.'
Six cars of Oranges brought higher prices,
as follows: Fancy . Navels, $1@2; choice. 80s
@$1 30; standard do, 60c@$l 10; standard St.
Michaels. 90c@Jl 15. ;¦
The above sales show a firmer market for
Oranges. Stocks, however, . continue .free.
Limes are still lower, and the steamer brought
up 210 ' boxes fresh stock. Lemons continue
weak. Bananas are still scarce and very firm
at the advance.' • i- . . ¦
Large Strawberries are weak, , but the small
ones keep up. ;
I»F.CIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES—€5@30o per drawer for
Longworths and 25@40c-for large berries.
APPLES — 50@75c per box for common and. $1
@1 75 for gootl to choice and $2@2 25 for fa.icy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oronges, • 75c@$2;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines, 5Cc@$l 25: Lemons,
50c<&U for commun and $1 "5@2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50c3$l 50; Mexican Lim«>s,
$6: Bananas, ¦ $2@3 per bunch; Pineapples, 73c
@$2 per dozen.
' Dried Fruits, Nuts, and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy — Extras, 14c; firsts, 13c; seconds, • -^— ;
store, lie. -
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, — — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, «",
Pickle, • per pound.
Keg, per pound. '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c: choice,
Sc; common, nominal: Young Americas, 9Hc;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS— " .
California Ranch — Selected White, 14c;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen.
California Gathered — Selected, 12c; stand
ard, 12^c; seconds,- .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy.' ; "standard, ;
seconds," .
Storage — California fancy, ; standard,
; Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; sec
onds, . ¦
¦ All descriptions were as previously quoted.
Eggs and Cheese were reported steady, and
the former, continued in light supply and
brisk demand for storage. . Stocks of Butter
were large and the market was weak. "
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 58,500 pounds and 69 tubs of Butter,
1660 cases Eggs, 37.200 pounds California Cheese
and — — pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds.
Butter, Cheese ' and Eggs,
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White. Geese, $123;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 tor large; English
Snipe, $3: Jack Snipe, $125; Hare, $123; Rab
bits, Jl 23 for Cottontail and Jl for Brush.-
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for j Gob
blers and 13 Ji' lie for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 75@2: Goslings, $2 50«S2 75; Ducks, $6@7 for
old and $8@9 50 for young: Hens. $4 50(86 50:
young Roosters, $7@8 50; old Roosters. $4 50@
5 50; Fryers. J6@S 50; Broilers, $4 59@6 for
large and $2 50@3 50 for small ; Pigeons, $2 per
dozen for old and $2 5D@2 75 for Squabs.
Game sold off well again. The Poultry mar
ket continued in very fair shape for sellers,
and high prices still ruled for most kinds.
No Eastern came in.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, $1@1 75 per box;
Asparagus, $2 25@2 50 for fancy, $1 75@2 per
box for No. 1 and $1@1 50 for No. 2 ; Green
Peas, 3'/i@4i,£e for Bay; String Beans. 0@12V£c:
Cabbage, 65c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 31511 50
per crate; from Mexico, $l(g>l 23 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, 12H@i7*£c - per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, • 13c per lb for Chile
and 15c for Bell; Dried' Peppers, 12@18c;' Dry
Okra. 25c per lb: Carrots. 25@35c per sack: Hot
house Cucumbers, 75c(g?l -0 per dozen; Summer
Squash, $l(g.l E0 per box; Garlic. 4@6c per. lb;
Marrowfat Squash, ?20@30 per ton; Mushrooms,
15@20c . per lb.
ONIONS— $2@2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
$150 per sack; . Australians, $3 S0@4; Green
Oninos. 23040c per box..
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@83c; Burbanks,
20@-50e for River and 60c@$l for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon,- 80c@$l; Sweets, 60@65c
for Merced; New Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
Receipts were 1227 boxes Asparagus, 372
boxes Rhubarb, 211 sacks Bay Peas and 143
sacks New Potatoes.
Potatoes and Onions stood about as before.
Rhubarb was firmer and Peas were higher
under' decreased rec?iptB. The- other Vege
tables were not materially changed.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50®3: Canary. 3!4@
3?ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7^@8>,4c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2%c; Hemp,
3V4c: Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 EC@2 65; Small White, $4 65
@4 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink, $18002;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3@3 25; Limas, $6@6 15;
Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, - $4@4 50 per ctl.
There is ' nothing new to report under this
head. -'.¦¦'¦ ' :¦-- - - *
Beans and' Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— J16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 E0@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17® 18: Corn Meal, $25®
25 60: Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. ";'~--
HAY— Volunteer, $5©8:- Wheat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat, $3@12; Oat, $9011 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@9 50: Barley. $7 60@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 33@47%c per bale. - ?¦ '.
Hay sold off a little better under more mod
erate receipts. There was • nothing new In
Feedstuffs. ¦
BRAN— $15 E0@l« per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, J2 75@2 85 per barrel for family , and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ' '
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in. sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to. the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 CO; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat- Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny $3 50@3 73; Buckwheat Flour, $4S4 25;
Cra'cked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, - $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. . $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10@7 60: in tacks, $5 73I&7 25: Pearl Barley.
$5; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas, J6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
RYE— S0@S5c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65®1 70 per
ctl. ex-warehouse.
: OATS— The market drags along about the
same, day after day. White, Jl 33@1 50; Sur
prise; nominal; Red, ?1 3C@1 45; Black, $115®
1 2o per ctl. •¦••;• •
CORN— Yellow, $1 10@l 15; "White, Jl 10@l 13;
Eastern Mixed, Jl 12^ per ctl. .' •
Afternoon Session — No - sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 1000 ctls,
75c. ¦ ¦ • ' ¦:_.. "- ¦
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales, v •'
tt 04%; 20C0. • $1 04; * 4000, ' $1 04U. r ~ May— MOO,
Jl OOU ; 10.000. $1 00% ; 2000, U 00*4.
¦BARLEY— The market Is quiet and prices
show a slight decline. ..'. .
Feed, 77«.£@7S&ic for choice bright, . 75@76%c for
No. 1 and,72%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 82^@S7Ho; • Chevalier, nom
inal.- ¦?¦-'-¦¦¦. -' ¦ - ' - - - ~~
THE- SAN IFE^^CISCO^ CALL, THURSDAY, rAPRIL^;: 1901.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ALI
8
Last 1 This I Last
"4 Hours Season. Season
STATIONS
Eureka.
Red Bluff
t-'acramento
Fan Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Oblspo...
2>ps Angeles
fi&a Dieso
0.64
o.co
o.o:
Trace
0.06
0.00
0.20
0.06
Trace
43.31
2.21
17.50
1S.94
10.34
5. SO
27.32
14.17
19.54
- 44.17
10.03
15.92
17.47
7. S3
2.S1
IS. 10
6.70
3.S9
Last 1 This I Last
"4 Hours Season. Season
STATIONS
Eureka.
Red Bluff
t-'acramento
Fan Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Oblspo...
2>ps Angeles
fi&a Dieso
0.64
o.co
o.o:
Trace
0.06
0.00
0.20
0.06
Trace
43.31
2.21
17.50
1S.94
10.34
5. SO
27.32
14.17
19.54
- 44.17
10.03
15.92
17.47
7. S3
2.S1
IS. 10
6.70
3.S9
AUCTION SALES
fe AT AUCTION. £a
THIS DAY.
THTJRSDAT, April 4. cor. 10th and Bryant. I
will sell 31 Gentle Draft and Business
Horses, ahso a Fine Saddle Horse and 7 Bual-
ness Buggies. - S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
INVESTMENTS-SLOANS.
GUt e4ce bonds, bearing 5 per cent lnter»»t.
for sale. - - ., ¦
. Also dividend paying stocks In Industrial cor«
poratlons.
West Coast Investment Co.,
Room IIS Phelan Building,
SAN - FRANCISCO. CAL. &THE BARYTONE "WHO WILL
SING- AT THE TIVOLI NEXT
week.. \". ..' ; . V :. ; . . . ;.. '
,v .... ....... '. ¦ . ¦ - , ." .- ¦
Maud . Blevin Acquitted.
• Maude Blevin,' hairdresser . on, Geary
street, was tried before a jury in Judge
Fritz's court : yesterday afternoon on the
charge of battery uoon Leoi Navlet,
saloon-keeper. Mason and Geary streets.
March 20. After Naviet testified to the as
sault the defendant* took . the stand and
in a dramatic manner recited how Naviet
had thrown. her .to the floor face down
ward, struck her repeatedly on the back
of the head with his clenched fist and
tore her jacket. The jury was out aboui
a minute and returned a verdict of not
guilty. This was the fourth time within
a year that Miss'Blevin had been arrested
on complaint of Navlet. She wants him to
marry her and he declines the honor- •
DeDUty Ffch Commissioner John H.
Davis and a number of assistants cap
tured two valuable nets belonging to
salmon fishermen, who, contrary to law,
had them spread out In Suisun Bay be
tween sunrise of Saturday ftand sunset of
Sunday evening. One of the nets was
2400 feet long and is valued at $600. If the
owner does not. come forward and claim
his property the Fish Commissioners will
enter proceedings in the -Superior Court
of Contra Costa County to have the court
adjudge the property forfeited and order
the nets destroyed. In the event the
owner comes forward the Fish Commis
sioners will prosecute him for illegal fish
ing'and if convicted the culprit will be
fined $200 for the offense, which is the
minimum penalty.
Salmon Nets Confiscated.
Grade Morris, a woman 35 years of age,
swallowed a dose of carbolic acid last
night in a saloon at 715^ Howard street
and died a few hours after being: taken to
the Receiving Hospital. She was the pro
prietress of a small cigar stand on How
ard street.
Ends Life .With Acid.
GRASS VALLEY, April 3.— The life. of
John F. Kidder, State Dehrls Commis
sioner, is fast drawing to a close. Each
sinking spell 'leaves him weaker than be
fore and it is believed that his death is
now only a question of hours, "r^
Kidder Is Fast Sinking'.
land, aged 21.
Oakland Marriage Licenses
OAKLAND, April 3.— The following
marriage licenses were issued at the
County Clerk's office to-day: "Walter J.
Hamilton of San Francisco, aged 32, to
marry Alice Adams of San Francisco,
aged 20; Leverne Pearl of Mount Vernon.
Ohio, aged 25. to marry Rose. Hatch of
San Francisco, aped 24; Wentworth H.
"Wall of Oakland, aged 29, to marry Laura
H. Fusch of Oakland, aged 21; Frank B.
Clayton of San Francisco, aged 32, to
marry Laura A. Harris of San Francisco,
aged 31: John Kend rick of San Francisco,
aged 38. to marry Josie Sears of Oakland,
aged 27; William AV. Bruner of Oakland,
aged 36. to marry Jessie B. Crow of Oak-
WAKIULNT SECTJB,E3> FOB.
STTTTJ.TVTAl^S ARREST
He Is Charged With Battery TJpon
the Sick Girl, Evangeline
Curnier.
Evang-eline Curnier. the 13-year-old girl
who was evicted from her home at .Sll
MlFEion street Tuesday by Hrcl Skillman
and compelled along wi f h her little broth
er, Harold, to sit on the doorsleps in the
rain for an hour, was able to leave her
bed yesterday and. accompanied by her
father and Officer. McMurrav of the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children, went to the Hail of Jus
tice and swore to a warrant in Judge C\
baniss' court for Stillman's arrest on the
« harge of battery.
Both the society snl the srlrl's father
are determined to push. ';he charge against
Skillman owing to the exceptional crueity
in forcibly ejecting ncr. although she was
Fuffering from an attack of pneumonia.
Shp looked pale and I^aggard yesterday
¦and should proba-bly have been kept at
home for a few davs !onger. Skillman is
not at home and it :s supposed that he
lias gone into hiding.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS
SMUGGLED OPIUM SEIZED. — Customs
Searcher . C. . A. Walker found five 5-tael tins
of. smuggled opium hidden under a . pile oi
blankets in the forecastle of the . Hongkong
Maru yesterday morning and confiscated the
sume. ¦' •- ¦ '•; ; : '. . ' ... t
MORE NEW SPANISH-AMERICAN CON-
Sl-LS. — Collector Stratton has been advised bs
the Secretary of the Treasury of the recoafl
tion of Luis Felix Lastreto as Consul GenFra
of Nicaragua and- Felipe Gallcia as Consul foi
Uolivia, both at this port.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Petitions lr
Insolvency were filed ¦ yesterday in the United
States District Court as follows: Benjamin C
RferKen, laborer, Oakland, liabilities $1577 60
assets none; D. R.' Nason, clerk, bunnigan,
Yolo County, liabilities $973 50, no assets. ;
• EMBEZZLED FIVE NUGGETS.— J. T. Rob
inson of - the Mineral Mountain Mining Com
pany secured a warrant from Judge Cabanls:
yesterday for the arrest of N. F. . Ashton or
the charge of felony embezzlement for havlns
disposed of flve gold nuggets valued at |S6
•which were Intrusted to him on March. 10. ¦•
¦ SUDDEN DEATH OF JOHN Al MOSHER.
'.!ohn A. Mosher, a rodman in the engineers
department of the Southern Pacific Company
v/as found dead' in bed early morn
ing- at his . residence. 1457 ¦' Valencia street
Autopsy Surgeon. Louis D. Baclgalupi fount
that valvular disease of the heart was ' th<
cause. ,*
CUNANE CONVICTED.— The jury In thi
United States District Court, in the case o;
Frank Peter Joseph- Cunane, yesterdav re
turned a verdict of guilty on one cotmt of tht
Indictment, that of stealing: a $5 gold plec<
from a letter while, he was employed as posta
clerk at Station D. He will be sentenced or
Saturday..- ¦; .> • - . -. • . ¦
-j DRIVER JOHN MATTERS CENSURED,
.Inquests were held yesterday by Coroner Le
lnnd in the cases? of Ieador Strub and Franl
-brought. 'Verdicts w«re rendered to the ef
tect that Strub I was accidentally asphyxiatec
by. illuminating gas ¦ and that Drought . diec
¦of fracture- of the skull." caused by a runawaj
horse, "said horse having b«en carelessly un
fed and handled ,by; John Matters." — - .-¦' .
HAYDEU OUT OF JAIL..— Edwin Hayden,
president of the - ; Hayden Packing Company,
who Was recently j sent to jail by Judge Ker
rigan' for. contempt -of. court for "refusing tc
pay his -wife,- Josephine Hayden. . J100 " alimony
as ordered by; the court, decided yesterday
.that he ' had remained long ' enough In Jail.
Consequently , he paid' the J10O and was forth
with ordered . released from custody by Judge
Kerrigan." • •". I: -r; •• r: •¦ ,-..:.
GLAZE GETS HIS MONET.— Robert E.
Glaze, accompanied by his wife. and son, ap
peared | before Judge Kerrigan yesterday | that
the- matter, of settlement of his interest In the
Windsor Hotel might be effected. Mrs.-Trew
hella, - widow of William • Trewhella, . whom
Glaze, killed t some I months ago., was : also in
court, - heavily veiled. , The • court : settled the
commissions - of the receiver . and ; ordered . the
attorneys ; paid: : Mrs. Trewhella then left with
friends, while Glaze was returned to prison.
The residue of the sale was ordered distributed
to Glaze and Mrs.' Trewhella, ¦ _.
-. - J ¦ : ¦ ¦ v\ - . ' ' . ' ' v ¦ .' .
OCCIDENTAL MISSION
BOARD HOLDS MEETING
Fleasing Entertainment Is Given by
Pupils and Missionaries Make
Addresses.
The ladies of the Woman's Occidental
Board of Foreign Missions held the first
day's exercises of their twenty-eighth an
nual three days' meeting at the Presby
terian Mission-house. 920 Sacramento
ptreet, yesterday afternoon.
A very entertaining address on "China
and the Missions" was made by Mrs. Dr.
Da Silva, who has spent many years in
jellgious work in China.
Rev. George B. Smyth. D. D.. president
of the Anglo-Chinese College, Foo Chow,
China, spoke on the general feeling among
the native Chinese toward the mission
aries. Mr. Smyth told many amusing
etories of his experiences with the na
tives of Southern China and showed the
difficulties which his work had to com-
bat.
Mrs. C. S. Wright, the president, then
introduced the pupils of the San Fran
cisco Chinese Mission School, who sang
pongs and gave recitations. This part of
Th© programme was particularly well re
ceived by the audience and the work of
these little Chinese boys and girls re
flects great credit upon Miss Jessie Car
ruthers. who has had charge of their in
struction.
Following the meeting a general re
ception -was tendered the visiting dele
gates. .
Muller and Hart Draw.
STOCKTON, April 3.— Fred Muller of
San Francisco and Ben Hart of Stockton
fought a: twenty-round draw before the
Stockton Athletic Club to-night. Muller
outpointed his opponent and was the ag
gressor throughout the fight. It was one
of the best fights ever seen here. "Bobby"
Martin and George Curtin fought a ten
round draw. ' Martin had a rib broken,
but finished the go.
. . , • ¦' ' "'
McCoy Starts His Training.
NEW YORK. April 3 Kid McCoy left
this city, to-night for Saratoga, where he
¦will prepare himself for the proposed
match with Peter Maher, to be decided
in Louisville April 29. McCoy states if
Maher does not sign either Sharkey or
Jeffries will be acceptable. . .
Cup Defender . Named Constitution.
. NEW YORK, April 3.— Captain Duncan,
manager of the syndicate's cup defender
now being-' built "at Bristol, R. . ii; an
'iiounce the name of the boat will be the
Constitution. : - : . j .
MISS MARY; HOFFMAN
- RETURNS TO NEW YORK
Bellevua Nurses Say the Young- Lady
Has Been in the City Ten
Days.
. NEW YORK. April 3.— The World to
morrow, will say: . Miss Mary Hoffman of
San Francisco, who disappeared mysteri
ously, from this city last December, has as
mysteriously. returned. Accordiag to. the
statement of her former fellow-students
at the Nurses' Training School at Belle
vue Hospital, where she formerly studied,
she has been in this city for about ten
days. . '
BULLETS FOR RIOTERS
IN BRAZIL'S CAPITAL
Garrison Ordered 1 Out to Disperse
Mobs and Five of the Dis
1 turbers Are Killed. ;
RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, April 3.— Serious
riots are reported from Para as the re
sult of friction between political parties.
Fighting in "the streets became so severe
that the police were compelled to ask for
the aid of soldiers. The garrison was or
dered out and finally the soldiers were
compelled" to fire upon the mobs in the
streets. As a result five persons ' were
killed and- many wounded. . .
turday night with a spectacular "produc
tion of "Cinderella" by a new stock com
pany; imported from. the EastV - More than
a hundred' --people -will appear : on ,the
stage, and features/of the entertalnjrtent
will be a "Bell, Ballet."' a - fairy . coach
drawn by Walter Morosco's tiny Shetland
ponies and a beautiful transformation
scene entitled "The Fairies' ' Retreat
Among- the Coral." Blanche Warren,
Mona Carrington, Emmett Shackelford
and Frederick Hartley are names in the
new stock company. (
Marie .Wainwright and her company in
"Josephine and Napoleon'-' are the Or
pheum's chief attraction of the week. A."
clever animal act, Tschernoff's dogs; Ful
ler,-Moller and Burke; "A Girl- of. Qual
ity"; Hamilton Hill. Burt Shepard, Calla
han and Mack, Scott and 'Wilson and bio
graph showing Queen Victoria's funeral;
are other entertainers on the ' excellent
bill. • .....
William McDonald,' ICelcey sisters, Ma
bel Martin, De Camp and Murdock, the
Malvern family, • Tom Mack and Hin
richs' orchestra are the names of the
week at Fischer's Concert House. Will
iam McDonald, the basso prof undo, is still
leading favorite in the bill. - •..: .
« . '. -¦ . * ¦ a ':*.;¦¦¦-¦' ......
•'.Roscoe and Sims, Clinton "Montgomery,
the Koebers, and Querlta Vincent are at
the Olympia this week. • ,. ; .
Barnes' dog and pony show, and Leah
May, the giantess, jstill remain popular at
tractions . at the Chutes . and Zoo. To
night the amateurs, will appear in spe
cialties. . V. ¦ ' .' . . :
Next Saturday afternoon a benefit con
cert to Miss Oriska M. Green will be given
at" Sherman-Clay Hall by the following
artists:
Rltzau's American .Ladies' Orchestra — Miss
Ophelia Hill, violinist; Miss Blanche Reynolds,
trombonist; Miss Forde. contralto; Miss Lily
Roeder, soprano; Miss Lia Polltlni, contralto;
Maurice Montaeue, tenor; Mr. Ellis, .tenor,
and Mr. "VVuertsch, 'cello.
The affair will be in charge of Louis
Rltzau.
A concert will be given this evening at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art at the
closing ceremonies of the' spring exhibi
tion'.- It -will be under the direction • of
Henry Heyman, and the following-mu
sicians will take part in the programme:
Mrs. Mary Caroaneto Mead, soprano; Miss
Stella R. Schwabacher. • soprano; Miss Elsie
Arden, contralto; Herbert Willlaois. tenor;
Miss Ethe* Grant, violinist: Miss Julia R.
Tharp, vocal . accompanist; Emil Cruells, or
ganist and accompanist, v- ¦..¦¦- -. .
SCHOOLTEACHERS MEET
TO ARRANGE FESTIVAL
A meeting of the principals of the 1 local
public schools for the purpose of consider
ing matters, relating to the annual school
festival, was held at the City Hall yes
terday afternoon. The proceeds of the
festival will be. devoted to the interests
of the Annuity. Association, which now
has thirteen pensioners. | The festival was
very successful last year, netting $9000,
and It is expected that with the addition
of many new and desirable features there
will ! be still • greater proceeds from this
year's entertainment. ,
. The affair will be held at Glen Park
on May Day. " The programme will con
sist of a parade and 1 competitive' drill by
the members of the different schools, a
balloon ascension, an automobile parade
and sports and games. Bobths wlll!be con
: ducted by ladles of, the school depart
ment and refreshments will be -served" to
such of the picnickers as do not "come
otherwise prepared.' • , ~ ~ /•-• -•-:¦¦•.;
The teachers of all the prominent
schools have promised hearty support and
there is little doubt but that the affair
jvlll: be most successful. The personnel
of the various committees has not been
fully decided upon as yet, "but the board
of director/3 who have chargfe of the pre
liminary arrangements. are as, follows:
• L. A. Jordan, > Deputy. Superintendent,
president; A. L. Mann, principal of the
Denman School, vice-president; Mrs. E.
M. North, .Irving . Scott School, corre
sponding secretary; Mrs: L. Fowler,- finan
cial secretary: L. H. McCarthy, acting
principal of the Washington School, treas
urer; Mr. S. Sturges, vice-principal of
the Everett School; Miss E. . E. Stincen,
principal' of- thfi Whittier School; Miss T.
C. Stohr. .Fremont School; Mrs. M. PraK
Girls' High School. ;• ; ; ., .-
Plans and specifications for the extend r
ing of Washington and Mission street
wharves- 260 feet :were adopted and bid*
for the work will be advertised.
There was no change in the personnel of
the State Board of Harbor Commissioners
at the meeting- yesterday. John C. Klrk
patrlck, the Commissioner appointed to
succeed Major Harney, is out of town. A
special meeting of the board will be hell
Saturday at 2 p. m., at which Mr. Kirk
patrick will take his seat and Major Har
v ney will retire.
On the recommendation of Chief Wharf
inger Henderson a location for boat
houses north of the Arctic Oil Works was
given the South End and Ariel rowing,
clubs. ...
Harbor Commissioners Meet-
The Kosmos Steamship Company's Pen
taur (ex-Volumnla) arrived early yester
day morning from Hamburg via South and
Central American ports. Among her cargo
is 550 tons of nitrate, 4S0O bags of sugar
and 9000 bags of coffee. She -brings 1690
tons of freight all told for this port. Tlu
following cabin passengers came up on th»
Pentaur: Emil Hoffman. Alfred Stett
mer, Juan Opstaels, John B. Buckingham.
Mary L. Buckingham, Charles A. Leon
ard Elsa F. Menicken, Valy .'Menicken,
Harold Menicken, Giselle Menicken, Rosa
Perez, Jocata Chicopete, Carl Schultz. W.
H. Fritz.
Pentaur Arrives From Hamburg.
"WANTED IN DAVISVILLE.— Fred Smith,
who Is wanted in Davisville for burglary for
breaking into the store of A. i Tufta last
Thursday and . stealing; $300 worth of goods.
was arrested here yesterday by Detwtlve
O'Dea and booked at the City Prison pending
the arrival of an officer from Davisville. .
N EXT . Saturday evening, with the
first performance of "The Idol's
Eye" this season, a new bary
tone will make his appearance at
the Tivoli Opera-house in the per
son of Arthur Cunningham, who is cast
as Don Pablo Tobasco, the Cuban planter.
Mr. Cunningham will be remembered as
the Father O'Flynn in "Shamus O'Brien."
which was produced some years ago at the
Tivoli. .The said occasion was Mr. Cun
ningham's first appearance on the operatic
stage,, by the way, and he had the honor
of being chosen for his part by the com
poser of the opera. Dr. Stanford. ' . .
The 'Tivoli's latest acouisition received
his musical education in England and the
trend of his musical taste seemed at first
in the direction of , concert and^ oratorio
•work. .He sang in most of the large cities
of J-nsland in oratorio . and was thesolo
barytone for gome time in Holy -Trinity
Church, London. He afterward sarig the
name part of "Shamus O'Brien" in Ire-|
land and In the East.
After coming- to this country Mr. Cun
ningham joined the Castle Square com
pany in New York, playing- with them
such roles as the Escamillo in "Carmen,"
Mephistopheles in "Faust" and also lighter
parts, in all of which he was well heard.
He has also sung under the Hammerstein
direction, with De Wolf Hopper in "The
Charlatan,'.' with "The Runaway Girl"
company and. also with Lillian Russell in
"Erminie." The singer, besides his fire
voice, is a clever actor and has a pictur
esque physique and will doubtless prov-J
a valuable addition to the Tivoli forces.
"The Idol's Eye" will be given first on
Saturday evening next.
In consequence of the elaborate prepara
tions for the production of "The IdoVs
Eye" Saturday night there' will be no Sat
urday matinee of the week's bill, "The
Wedding Day."
The engagement of "The Little Minis
ter:' at the Columbia Theater will come to
a close Sunday night. Ntxt Monday even
ing comes Blanche Waish in a big scenic
production of Emile Bergerat's play of
"More Than Queen." As Josephine Miss
Walsh is said to be a brilliant success and
the 6inging of "More Than Queen" is said
to be elaborate in the extreme. All the
special scenery, ! costumes, furniture, dra
peries and other stage paraphernalia will
be brought here for the presentation.
* * * <
The California is dark for this week and
the" week, following and will open up again
on Sunday, April 14, with Nelll Burgess
in "The County Fair."
• • . * ¦
The Central is making good this week
with its essay into the heavy legitimate
with Robert Downing in "The Gladiator."
Next week the management will present
"Ingomar," with Mr. Downing as tho
picturesque barbarian and Miss Atwood
as the Grecian maiden, Parthenia, with
costumes and staging- fully up to the ex
cellent standard of last week.
¦ • • : . • -
1 'Tennessee's Pardner" is proving a pop
ular bill at the Alcazar this week., It fs
a drama' of early days in the West as seen'
by the romanticist Bret Harte and has
therefore a quasi-historical interest. Next
week "A Coat of Manv Colors," a four
act comedy by Madeline Lucette Ryley,
will be put on. .
The 'Grand Opera-house is closed for the
week, but will open a new season on Sat-
AUTHOR OF OBJECTIONABLE
LETTER GOES SCOT FREE
John Johnson, a seafaring man, was on
trial yesterday in the United States. Dis
trict Court on a charge of having, mailed
an indecent, letter addressed to Miss
Louisa Janson at 775 Folsom street.
¦ Paul Wiegand" testified that at JohA
son's reguest he ' had written the -letter,
copying It from one that Johnson had fur
nished him, Johnson .wishing to ha.ve the
letter, .written in a more legible hand.
Miss Janson testified that she knew
Johnson only casually, having seen ¦ him
around , the boarding, house • and saloon
kept by her father, and. that she had
never kept company with him., She said
also that she had never had any trouble
with Johnson. . -. ' : -
To -the surprise of -the prosecution the
jury, returned a verdict of not guilty. It
was suggested that the jury, was unwill
ing to punish Johnson bo long as Wie
gand, who confessed .to writing the letter,
was not prosecuted.' Johnson had-testi
fied that he. had not written or. mailed the
letter and that he had riot furnished the
copy to, Wiegand. , .'
TENDER A RECEPTION
TO THE GRAND OFFICERS
Ladies of the Auxiliary Danish So
ciety Valborg Are Hostesses
at Haywards Opera-House.
OAKLAND. April 3.— The ladies of the
Society Valborg, the auxiliary to the So
ciety JDania, were the hostesses this even
ing at a reception given at the opera
house, Haywards, to the grand officers
and .delegates to the Grand Lodge and the
members of Thyra Ledge of Haywards.
The ladies' committee of arrangements
had converted the auditorium into a fairy
bower, resplendent w r ith flags, banners
and gay flowers. The exercises were di
versified with a number of charming fea
tures, including- dances and tableaus by
the young people. ~^
W. P. Nielsen was the presiding officer,
and he was assisted by the ladies of the
society.
Miss Edna Nissen and Miss Kate Jen
sen rendered a piano overture, which was
followed by an artistic vocal solo by Mrs.
H. P. Nielsen. Eight children, garbed in
the Danish national colors, white and red,
gave a pretty flag drill. The participants
were Christina Hansen, Gruda Asmussen,
Lena Sorensen, Sophia Madsen, Chester
Madsen, Harry Asmussen, Charles Soren
sen and Albert Nielsen. The directress
was Mrs. S. Madsen. • rrsv:
Miss M. Madsen gave Schubert's "Sere
nade," and Mr. Beck rendered, a vocal
solo, which was followed by a recitation
by Miss I. Asmussen. The tableau,."Val
borg," was. portrayed by Miss C. Thorup,
Miss A. Sorensen. Miss A. Madsen, Miss
P. Madsen, Miss M. Madsen, Miss Emma
Sandholdt and Miss S. Nor.
After the entertainment the delegates
were guests at a collation served in Na
tive Sons' Hall, at which President S.
Madsen of Thyra Lodge was toastmas
ter.
The officers and committees of the la
dies' society are:
President. Mrs. C. Thorup; vice president,
Mrs.* P. Johnson; secretary, Mrs. S. Madsen;
financial secretary, Mrs. J. J. Sandholdt;
treasurer. Mrs. N. P. Nielsen; marshal. Miss
M. Madsch; guard. Miss P. Madsen; trustees,
Mrs. G. Jurgensen. P. Johnson and H.
Thortip; committee on' arrangements and re
ception. Mrs. S. Madsen, Mrs. G. Jurgensen,
Mrs. C. Christensen, Miss A. Madsen, Miss A.
Sorensen and Miss E. Sandholdt.
At this afternoon's session of the Dania
Grand Lodge Grand President Sandholdt
made his annual report, which showed a
constantly increasing membership and a
flourishing financial condition of the or
der. During the year $7578 was paid out
in sick benefits and $1200 for funeral bene
fits. The treasurer showed cash on hand
$41.619 54. an increase over a year ago of
$4953. The membership is 1538 in sixteen
lodges in California and two In Nevada,
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Auditing. J. C. Hansen, Martin Hansen, C.
M. Henninjrsen; finance, M. Salomon, N. J.
Nielsen, H. P. Mathiesen; constitutional
amendments, H.. I*. Vogensen, C. W. Hansen
and J. Molgaard.
OPEN STAKE FOR END
OF THE WEEK COUBSING
A. fine open slake of 112 entries will be
run at "Union Coursing Park on Saturday
and Sunday. The draw held last night
is as follows:
Open stake. 112 entries— Master "Workman v».
Kibosh; Master Buck vs. King Cotton:. Warco
vs. Laurence; Shadow vs. Blacfc Flush; Thelma
vs. Silver Cloud; Random Aim vs. St. Helen;
O K Capitol vs. Le Roy; Half Moon vs. Jewess;
For Glcry vs. Homer Boy; The- LevJte vs. St.
Ives; Repeat Again vs. Boney Boy; Sisquoc vs.
Warship; LHac vs. Belle Rocket: Representa
tive vs. Spiteful; Risky Attempt vs. Sir Pasha;
Lottie M vs. Wedgewood; McKlnley vs. Round
about; Headwater vs. Lady Claire; Motto va.
Cavalier; Loughneagh vs. Forget; Fine Form
vs. Manila; Dew Drop vs. Real Article; Chl
cag:> Boy vs. Firm Fellow; Hot Haste vs. Bona
-Fide; Rollicking Airs vs. Beacon; Liberator vs.
Governor Mac; Snapshot vs. Olita; Briar Root
vs. Lundtn Links; Concord vs. Little Fuller
ton; Aeneas vs. Brass Button: Freedom's Ban
ner vs. Tiburon; May Hempstead vs. Sleety
Mist; Royal Flush vs. Charta; Cecil M vs.
Flora McDonald; J. Greenhall vs. The Graf
ter; Rural Artist vs. Mamie Pleasant; Mcse
vs. Athena; Scottish Chief vs. Hurricane: Colo
nel Lopez vs. Santonin; Harper vs. Miss Wil
son; Daisy Clalr vs. Ever Shore; St. Michael
vs. Master Davenport;. Imperial vs. Rienzi;
Golden Garter vs. Rector; Lovlna vs. Narcissus:
Erin vs. Harlean Gladys; Vagrant vs. Sara;
Springbock vs. Fiery Face; Brutus vs. Wine
•West; Royal Union vs. Nlcasio; War Eagle vs.
Tyrone Prince; Bowery Boy vs. Game Boy;
Master Lawrence vs. Recording Angel; Sir
Lawrence vs. Twin City Girl; The Chl«f vs.
Roman Athlete: Log Boy vs. Araadle.
HONOLULU RESIDENTS ? - .
LIKE TO SEE VSAPHO"
Belasco-Th'air' Company, Returns ; "on
. ¦ ' the Mariposa After a Most.
Successful Season.
Frederick Belasco !? the happiest, the
atrical manager in town. He arrived here
yesterday on the Mdrlposa' wlth^his com
pany from Honolulu, where they' played a
most successful theatrical season, sup
porting Miss Florence Roberts in a rep
ertoire of plays. : ¦ . ; ; " . %
The company, which -left here in Feb
ruary, did the biggest business that was
ever done In .the dramatic line in the isl
ands. In the opening production of
"Sapho"- several hundred people were
turned away. On tac folio-wing night the
company played to equally as good busi
ness In "Nell Gwynn." At the Wednesday
matinee in the production of "The Coun
try Girl," although the prices remained
the same — $1 50 — the performance was the
largest attended matinee in the history of
the house. On. the Saturday night of the
same week "Carmen" was produced and
played to a crowded house. Mme. Trebelli
sang at the first Friday night performance
and was warmly received. "¦ . ¦'•¦
In the third and last week, when Lewis
Morrison, appeared in conjunction with
Miss Florence Roberts in "Richelieu" and
in the performance of "Faust," tickets
,were selling at'a premium of $5. Belasco,
in speaking of his trip last night, said:
"We were received royally. Every per
formance was packed and for the first
time in the history of the house the man
ager.asked us to return at some future
date. We - did so well that I decided to
make semi-annual visits. • ' . • " :
"The Shriners are having a very goo*!
time down at the Islands. They begged us
to give a special performance the 1 night
before we left. .The steamship, company
consented to allow- us to haul .our scenery
to the ship the day she sailed so -we gave
the performante. Kx-Princesa i Kiaulanl.
attended several performances, which wa3
quite, an honor, as. she had 1 not attended
a theater since she has been in mourning.'
i "We had lots of .fun. made money and
what more, could a theatrical manager
want?" • ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ;¦; ' -¦ . .- . -. ¦ -
WOMAN ATTACKS
A HOUSEBREAKER
Finds Him - Leaving Her
Home and Vainly Tries .
to Stop Him.
Mrs. Charles Benson Gives Battle to
Burglar Whom She Catches .
Ransacking Her Apart
ments. '
Mrs. Charles Benson, who conducts a
boarding-house at 217 Broadway, had an
exciting struggle with a burglar yester
day afternoon.
Shortly after 2 o'clock she saw a tall,
poorly clad individual leavirig the room
of one of her boarders. He carried under
his arm a portion of a blanket, which he
had stolen from the room. Mrs. Benson,
without waiting. to ask. him for an ex
planation, seized him* by the arm and
lustily shouted for help.
"With an oath the burglar hurled her to
one side and after aiming a vicious blow
at her head ran downstairs, pursued by
the plucky woman. After a short chase
she overtook him and grabbed him by
the coat collar. Again the fellow threw
her off and started down the street at
full speed.
Realizing the folly of further pursuit
Mrs. Benson returned to her house and
found that the burglar had entered the
room he was seen to leave by prying open
the door, presumably with a "jimmy."
He had cut a "blanket in two. evidently
intending to use the portion he took In
carrying- away any booty he might find.
Shortly after her struggle with the
housebreaker Mrs. Benson visited police
headquarters and gave a good description
of the fellow to Chief Sullivan.
During the past week a number of ar
ticles • have been stolen from Mrs. Ben
son's house and she is inclined to believe
that the man with whom she had > the
struggle is responsible, for the thefts. .
Sgecial Dispatch to The Call.
BLOEMFONTEIN, April 3.— A story is
printed by ,the Bloemfontein Post assert
ing that President de Kock of the Bur
gher Peace Committee and one of the
founders of \ that organization took a
message from the British at' Belfast, un
der a white flag, to General Botha in
January. When he arrived at General
Botha's camp he was arrested and tried
en a charge of treason at Robssenkal.
He was found guilty, sentenced to death
and shot on February 12.
BOSTON, April 3.— Dr.' Fraser, a special
commissioner of the British Government,
was in this city to-day making inquiries
as to the facilities for shipping from
this port a consignment of 900 Canadian
horses for the British army on the South
African front! ' {
VICTIMS OF THE PLAGUE
v FOUND. IN THE STREET
Cape Town Residents Conceal the
Tact That They Come in Con-
tacf.With Sufferers.
•CAPE TOWN./Aprii 3.— Several plague
corpses have been' found in the streets and
houses, indicating efforts to conceal con
tact with the disease. The total number
of deaths from the plague is-107, including
22 Europeans. 1 There have been 315 ca.ses
of the plague. . " .
President de Kock of the
Burgher Committee Is •
Reported Executed. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET; N.
W., "WASHINGTON, April 3.— While re
lieved of the presence of an American
gunboat in her waters Venezuela, will be
within easy reach of the North Atlantic
squadron, which is only forty-eight hours'
distant. •' ..\ '•, ' . ¦ . . . ... f ; . . '
- Orders were- cabled by Secretary Long
to-day to the Scorpion, directing that ves
self after conveying Minister Loomis to
San Juan to proceed, to -Memphis to rep
resent the United States navy at the Con
federate veterans' reunion to be held in
that city. :,
' Should the American Charge d' Affaires
in. Caracas deem the presence of an Amer
ican man-of-war desirable, Rear Admiral
Farquhar can easily direct one of the ves
sels of his command .to proceed to La,
Guayra. ¦
Officials of the State Department admit
that the relations between Minister Loo
mis_and President Castro of Venezuela
have not been friendly, and to. this ex
tent Mr. Loomis is persona non grata-
Omcially no representation . on the sub
ject of Mr. Loomis' acceptability as an
American representative has been made
by the Venezuelan Government. .
BOTHA SHOOTS
PEACE ENVOY
Gunboat Scorpion Will ; Proceed
Memphis After Minister Loomis
Has Been Landed at .-
San Juan. -
Overt Acts;'
North Atlantic Squadron
% in Readiness to Prevent
WARSHIPS WAIT
NEAR VENEZUELA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, April 3.— This section
of Nevada County was visited this even
ing betwen 6 and 7 o'clock by a heavy
thunderstorm, with an accompaniment of
lightning. Electric bolts toyed with the
wires of the electric light and telephone
companies and in the Grass Valley and
Nevada City offices of the Sunset Com
pany hundreds of fuses were burned out.
For about an hour telephonic communica
tion with Marys ville was cut off and' for
the same length of time the incandescent
lights here and in Nevada City burned so
dimly that kerosene lamps had to be
brought into play in business houses and
residences.
In Nevada City lightning struck a tree
100 feet in height. The tree was cut in
twain sixty feet from the ground and the
two halves folded like a pair of shears.
The branches of the top were embedded in
the ground several feet by the force of
the fall, with the result that the two sec
tions stand side by side, held together by
only a few splinters at the top.
Mr. and Mrs. Floyd," living in a house
100 yards from the tree, felt the force of
the shock. They were considerably
ehaken, but soon recovered fronf'. the ef
fects. A. R. Morris, who was passing
near the tree at the time the bolt de
scended, was hurled violently to the
ground and was for a time dazed and
helpless. Others in the vicinity had
similar experiences.
SANTA CRUZ, April 3.-Showers. fell
here to-day. There is snow on Loma
Prieta Mountain.
SAN JOSE, April 3.— The cold north
rain of yesterday and to-day, with the
frosty, mornings of. the past week, has
slightly affected the fruit crop, particu
larly apricots. In the Los Gatos section
the' yield will be light; in other parts of
the county from fair to heavy. The con
sensus of opinion among the orchardists
in town to-day is that the cold snap will
not do any material damage, the cropping 1
of fruit buds simply doing away with the
necessity of later thinning. Generally
speaking, the outlook for fruit in th« val
ley this season was never more promising.
The rainfall for the storm to date is .45 of
an Inch; for the season 21.59 inches. .
Eolt Cuts a Massive Tree in Twain
and Several Persons Are Tem
porarily Prostrated by :
the Shock.
Electrical Storm* Besets a
Portion of Nevada
RESIDENTS FEEL
LIGHTNING'S JAR
XEW YORK, April 3.— Charles F. Jones,
who was the .valet-secretarv to William
Marsh Rice, the aged millionaire, whe,
according to Jones' confession yesterday,
was murdered by the use of chloroform in
•September last, finished his testimony to
day on direct examination in the proceed
ings before Justice Jerome charcing Al
bert T. Patrick with murder.
The story of the murder and conspiracy
which Jones outlined on Tuesday he to
day filled in with a wealth of detail and
with a coolness and nerve which, under
the circumstances, was almost overwhelm
ing.
According to the storv of the valet-sec
retary he and Patrick hp^d drawn up the
bogus will and were waiting with what
pa-tienco they could for old man Rice to
die, when a mill burned down in Texas.
Rice's connections there desired to rebuild
it and he spoke of advancing $100,000 or
$125,000 required to replace the burned
property.
"Patrick told me to use all my influence
with Rice," said Jones to-day, "not to re
build the mill, as ibis would take out all
the ready cash from the estate."
But Rice, insisted on advancing iho
money and authorized a draft for $25,00)
from one of his correspondents In Texas.
"Word of the draft arrived in New York on
Saturday and Jones, In accordance with
his compact, told Patrick about it. It waj
only $25,000, but, according to the valet,
Patrick felt that he could not spare eve:i
this much out of the millions that he was
already counting as his own.
Caution of the Conspirators.
"He then said," testified Jones "that lie
would have to do something to get Rice
out of the way before Monday, when the
craft would arrive."
Even more illustrative of the caution
and thoroughness of the plot conceived
end carried out by these men was.an
other instance related by Jones. The man
ager of Rice's estate in Texas— a man
named Cohen — was in the habit of send
ing to Rice monthly a. check made out in
his name for his salary. Rice paid him by
signing tiie check and mailing it back to
him. When one of these checks came
along and after Rice had signed It and
given it to Jones to mail he turned It over
to Patrick in order that the latter misrht
practice on the signature.
The next check that came from Cohen
was signed with the forgery of Rice's
name and sent along In order, by Its pas
page through the banks of Texas, that
they might test the merit of their forgery.
The experiment was an entire success and
pave them great confidence in the greater
forgeries yet to come.
There was one point to-day at which it
was confidently expected that Jones
would give some sign of emotion. It was
oven anticipated that he might break
down. This was when he was asked
about the effort he had made at suicide in
the Tombs, but expectation was again
disappointed.
Valet's Extraordinary TJerve.
It was on cross-examination that Jones
really demonstrated that he was emotion
proof. Robert Moore ; went about the
cross-pxaminaiion In a spirit of thorough
ness that would have dismayed most men.
Gradually he lelt along the outlines of
Jones' story jntil he satisfled himself
there was nothing to be gained by a
3>aiierit sieee, and he attempted to storm
Jones' position. When he spoke of the
killing: of Rice he called it murder and
he kept the electric chair in the mind of
i he man on the witness stand, who
answered everything as calmly and quiet
ly as If the thing was merely a p^-func
lory rehearsal. It was impossible to
BbaJce i he testimony of the witness. Per
haps tli* only point where the attorney
for Patrick even appeared to shake the
nerve and confidence of Jones was when
they extorted a statement from him that
lie hoped by telling- his present story to es
cape the death penalty for murder.
Patrick's defense will be a general de
nial. It will not be revealed in detail un
til the actual murder trial takes place,
•which will probably not be until October
next. Jones, according- to the defense,
was the arch-conspirator, and Patrick
was only the innocent tool of the valet.
With Marvelous Coolness He Becites
Dread Details of the Plot to
Obtain the Aged Man's
Fortune.
Valet Jones Tells More
About th'e Murder of Mil -
lionaire Rice.
SAYS PATRICK
WAS IMPATIENT
J. H. Cordes, Stopped in Pursuit tt
Kitty Eisel, Uses Kevolver Fa
tally in a Pacific-street
¦ Determined to .kill a woman named
Kitty Eisel, with whom he had quarreled.
J. H. Cordes, a sailor of Alameda County,
used his revolver with terrible result in ;i
crowded saloon at 430 Pacific street early
this morning. '*~_
When the shooter's smoking revolver
was wrenched from him three men lay
on the floor, one dying, while two others
were wounded, one of them perhaps
fatally.
The. dying man was taken to the Har
bor Hospital, where he expired. His name
was John Carlson. The injured ones are
E. J. Shamley and Peter Sjogren. They
are at the Central Receiving Hospital.
The w"oman escaped uninjured.
Cordes and Kitty Eisel lived together
for seven years. Then they separated,
the woman going to the saloon where tho
tragedy happened. Cordes visited her last
night, and after a wordy dispute pulled,
hia revolver and tried to kill her.
The woman ran and the crowd of men
in the saloon tried to seize. Cordes. He
blindly^ fired six shots at them and nearly
every bullet took effect.
Cordes liyes on Snell avenue between
Haywards and San Leandro, where he
has a small farm.
Frenzied Sailor Kills Ono
Man and Wounds
Two -Others.
FIRES BLINDLY
I INTO A CROWD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJRf5T3AY, APRIL 4, 1901;
9
NEW BARYTONE JOINS
THE TIVOM FORCES
Arthur Cunningham Cast as Don Pablo
Tobasco in "The Idol's Eye,". Which
Will Be Put on Saturday Night
* ¦ •*
©
"An Eastern Easter" is the
title of one of the quaintest
conceits in the way of a short
story that that -well-known
author, Charles Battell Loomis,
has ever written. Out in the
special edition of The Call
next Sunday.
There's a reason why this food gives
the fcelJng of new vitality and vigor.
A. (ual etc proves thL- proposition.
"The help 1 received from the powerful
JVvod <lements In Grape-Nuts was indeed
wonderful.
"I have come to use the food regularly
and do not think a breakfast complete
without it."
"At the time 1 commenced using the
food I mi very weak from want of prop-
erly pelrcied food.
"I find Graoe-Xuts very helpful to a
man troubled with the cares and worri-
ir.cnt of business," Fays Louis Fink Jr. of
:? S. Fourth street, Philadelphia.
HELPS OVER THE HILL .
Got Lets of Brain Work? TJss Grape-
Nuts. *
GBAPE-NTTTS.
oooooooooooooooocco oooo oooo oo ooooooopooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO O OOOO OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 OOOOO
oooooo oooooooboooooo oo ooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooboooooooc
3000000000000 e|"""'™™™^™™"»"^™^™^" 1< ™""™^™™ |^™»^"« 1,000 OO OOO OO OOO
;°°°°°°^^°16RAND..EASTEB FICTION NUMBER. fe°Sggggg°°Sgg
OOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOO OO OOOOO OOOOOO O OOOOOOOOOOO OOO.OOOOO OOOO
ooooopooboooooooooooooooooooooooo o.o ojoooooooooooooooooooo
oriooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oood oo oooooooooooooooooooba
THE SUNDAY CALL
!",- THE SEVENTH..
OOOOO 6 OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 3OOO0 t OOOOO
OOOOO'.i OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOO 7 00000
OOOOO JOOOOO oo OOO OO O O OOO OOOOOOISOOO O O OOOO OOOOO. J OOOOO
3 O O O O • (» O.O O O O o O O O O O O © O O O OO O OO OO O O O O O O O O O O 30000 t OOOOO
OOOOO i O O O OO i — »— — — — cct— i —— n— «— — OOOOO j, OOOOO
OOOOO i OOOOO ¦ ¦--..--...-• 3OOOO ? OOOOO
ooooo ; ooooo _r___'__l ¦ «__!- - '¦ ' ' ooooo f ooooo
ooooo foo oo o Trifil! ¦ «W« VTfllirH V (> ooooo
ooooo fc ooooo I I Il/H .1 . 1 1 >i II ,j I t She! I ..^ ooooo » ooooo
ooooo- f ooooo ¦ •¦"•» n 7. . - , w»- - - — - ooooo m 00000
ooooo T ooooo ' -, " ¦~l/t««.s^,. - h->_k»j !.'¦ ooooo • ooooo
ooooo f ooooo - t£y iTlOriOIl liurlQIlU o.o ooo p ooooo
OOOOO'i'OOOOO ' ¦ » « V< ' -r-fT. OOOOO I OOOOO
ooooo jooooo John Strange Winter ooooo j ooooc
ooo.oo-r ooooo "-""*- rf~ ****S W - , . ' ooooo f ooooo
ooooo * ooooo lW-ii*i7"F 'IXTfllffnc -tn«1 ooooo ¥ ooooo
ooooo £ ooooo . iTiary i— wiirviiis ana ooooo 1 ooooo
ooooo {ooooo .. /»?!,' ' xx * j tit *t oooootooooo
o. oooo. v ooooo v ¦¦ . uui€r ¦ fiotcu wmcrs. ooooo r ooooo
o o oo oi ooooo • ¦"•'.-¦•-; " ooooo-. • ooooo
oooooiooooo •• " " ' Dooootooooo
oooooFooooo ~° ¦. : i .-• oooooFooooc
ooooo & ooooo ', ——,—.-— i . ooooo (>- ooooo
SoooS loo-Soo •;: EASTER SERMONS SSSSS J SSSoS
SSSSS'JSSSS'S BY -ELOQUENT DIVINES. 2SS2S J SSSSS
OOOOOOOOOOO '.- ¦.-¦ OOC 0-0,00000
ooooo Tooooo ¦ ..- " ' "• ¦ ooooo »ooooo
o o o o o L o o o'p o '• j, ¦- ¦ ooooo £'00000
ooooo ! ooooo • i\ i 7>n rvm 50000 { ooooo
ooooo f ooooo .:•-.;- \lL {,/,}. \y\\-\ 00000*0.0000
ooooo ( ooooo ' :'.-¦- ' - • - •¦¦*' ooooo(»0oooo
ooooo t'ooooo FACTFD FA^HTONC ooooo tooooo
OOOOO S* 00000 ' *-•«»"• *¦ UV * OOO O-O J OOOOO
ooooo •ooooc .,'.-.' " . - - - * :' ¦ : l \~- - ooooo •• ooooo
ooooo Jooooo '-. , ¦ '; .- — ' joooo ( ooooo
ooooo * ooooo '" '¦- oooooi ooooo
%%%%%%%%%%% FULL-PAGE DRAWINGS BY %%%%% i o o %%%%
OOOOO t OOOOO .... «... iDTICTC OOOOO t OOOOO
ooooo jooooo • : : . I/ALL AK I 1j 1 J ooooo * ooooo
ooooo ooooo . ¦ ..., ., rzz •*.— - r^ '•'-"-:*' ooooo I ooooo
OOOOO I'OOOOO ' # . . \ ';-.' . : " - OOOOO J OOOOO
ooooo p ooooo '•-•¦ --- o Q q o ; p ¦ o-o o o o
ooooo b ooooo • '.. (-Tnnrcr n C doooo»'<3ooc;
ooooo -'.ooooo ¦•- '"fclUlvIEo Ul" ooooo-roooo-o
OOOOO * O OX) O O • » OOOOOOOOOOO
sssss-rss'ss-s great human intebest. s-tssri-sssss
coo 00 y.00000 .. .- "• '¦-: . . . . ooooo F ooooo
ooooo £00.000 o o o 0.0 o o o o ao o o o do o'o o o o o o o o o o o ooooo t ooooo
OOOOO Z. OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DOOOO 7 OOOOO
OOOOO { OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOO 'oOOOO
O'O OOO y''OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O O O O'O P OOOOO
- THE SUNDAY CALL-,THE BRIGHTEST AND BEST OF ALL.
oooooooooooooooaooo 00 oooooo 00 000000000000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOO O O OO Q OOOO OOOO OO OO OO OO OOO OOOOOO OOOOOOOOO
OOCOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOO OOOOOOO OOOO O-O OOOOOOO 3O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi,. THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1901
10
BAK FRAXCXSCO CALL.
TiCEINESS OFFICE c" The Ban Francises
r«:!. cottier cf Market and Third streets: open
ur.til 12 o'clock every night In tLe j-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery rtreet.
turner Clay; epen until 8:30 p. m.
Jco Hayes street; open until 9:33 p. ra.
fSS STcAlliFter street: cpen until 9:1) p. .m.
rj; Larkin etreet: cp*n until 6:30 p. m.
lf<l Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
XTC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: cp»n
Ltiti'l S p. m. .
3C€ Eleventh stre-t: o?*n until 9 p. m.
:«6 Valencia etreet: cpen until 9 p. m- ;
Northwest corn-r Tw*nty-«econd and Ken-
r»*trv ftre<*ts: open «:ntll*!» p. m -^^^^____ _,
aiEETINGJVOTICES. £
A SPECIAL meeting of Y<*rba * .
Buena Chapter No. I. '.os« f]
Orotx. A. and A.. Scottish Rite — II
of Freemasonry, will be held in _flk )
• -ommaadr-ry Hall. Masonlo T>m-
pfe, on THirutDAY EVENING. KM
• April 4. I30L at 7:3P o'clock. ttl
• •lit.neuM^ the U
Secretary^
A~IIEGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena _^
J-^>4(re of Perfection No. I. A. an« A. -g
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f\
iicld in Coir.mandtry Hall. Masonic
K VEXING, 7:30 o'clock. Hoyal Arch TL2\
degree. 13y on!er of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LodRre No. 1, F. and A. •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDA1 ) -#\_
EVENING. April 4, at 7:30 o'clock. J\J\
citated meeting. By ordrr of the mas- '
tcr. FRANKLIN* H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lo<tee No. 320. F. and A. m
M.-Statcd meeting THIS (THURS- i\^
PAY) EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Sec- ]&J\
• md desxe-r. Fellow Craft Masons cor- ' V
dlally iia-itrd. By order of the "W; M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodg* No. 216, F. and A. M.— m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) JV
EVENING at 7:21) o'clock. • V[>«
J. R.. GOLDSMITH, Secretary, /^y*
PACmC Lodge 3s'o. 155. I. O. O. -s^WSai^fc.
F.— Initiation THIS <TIH.'R6- ~>$*Z2RS=
DAYt NIGHT, April 4, 1001.
Hitrther* Invited. . '""
ADOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER, N. G.
FRANKLIN M. CAKSON, Sec.
UNITY Lodg" No. 131. I. O. O. F.—
Officcn) and Tnerr.bers are hereby •gSSgSii
notified to meet at their lodge
room, corner of Sixteenth and
Valencia eta., at 1:30 p. m.. on FRIDAY.
April 5 19C1, to attend the 'funeral of our
late brother. JOHN T. BRODRICK.
• S. F. THOMPSON. N. G.
THE California. Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F.- C. LeBlond «nd 'W. E. OIiu-
*tead. In the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Downievllle. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings jr.
Goodyear Creek; from Ah Lung. In the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co.. to do-
roslt tailings In Canyon Creek: from J. H.
Pkinner. In the Lava Point mine, at Hepsl-
iiatn, Sierra Co.. to deposit tallinps in
Whiskey Crwk: from J. W. Dempsey, in the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Quincy. Piumas
«'o.. to deposit tailings in Whiskey Creek,
fl-d from J. S. Carter and William Deal. In
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek.
Piumas Co.. to deposit tailings in Peters
<><?ek. gives notice that a meeting will be
held Bt room 69. Flocd building. San Fran-
cisco. Ca!.. on April 15. 1801, at l:J0 p. m.
TlfE adjourned annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Pacific Undertakers will be
heM Rt 777 Mission St.. on MONDAY. April
f lrci. at S:30 p. m.. for the election of dt-
vetors for the balance of the ensuing term
nv.4 the transaction of. such other business as
r>;ay cone before it. Transfer books will
. lose Friday. April 5. 1901. at 4 p. ra.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to *ell than books or insur-
«tncc? Ad. F. PERSON, r *i2. Parrott bldg.
RCPEHnOCCEl* Insurance agents. Ca!l at
room 101. SS7 Market «t. comer Sixth.
w ANTED— Acents in each city; good money. ,
Pacific Coast M. & L. Co.. <60 »th. Oakland.
SOLICITOUS, male or female, 60 per cent
commission. . 227 Hayes st.
ASPHALTUBI HOOFI.VG.
J. PnvriEIt. aspha.lt roofing, sidewalks re-
r.«57*d- portal. 11S« Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
Scirntific teacher cf 2.rtrr>!ogy: horoscopes com-
plete.^Oc &S1. Mrs.Dr.Smith. ID07»£ Market.r.12.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW..
ADVICE free: divorce liw a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. ,
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages; es-
tates; minins; cpen even. E92 Parrott bldj.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market et., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma I'preckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
tat St.; consultation fre*: no fees In advance.
ItOAKUIAG FOR CHILDREN.
KIND, experienced woman would like Infant
or t-mall child to board: terms $8 to {10 a
month. Apply 10SH Fell st.. lower flat.
BCSISffSS CUAACES.
A— S1000— FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
restaurant : choicest downtown location; do-
Ing a Kood paying business; rent $50; a rare
business offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»4
Kearny st.
A— J1SC0; DELICACY ami provision store; 1
block from Market St.; daily receipts from
f~j to $4$: a first-class, paying business. Call
R G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1SSO; SALOON, In whosesale district;- no
night or Sunday work; rent $50; dally re-
ceipts J20: good business; owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»J Kearny.
A— $6M; SALOON, corner; only one block S. of.
Market tt. ; net rent $35; a first-class paying
Vxisines-s. Inquire n. G. WILKE. "6'4 Kear-
ry et.
A— $5Ct'; DAIRY produce and coffee and tea
ftore. with 2 living rooms; rent ?20; very
br*t location, McAllister St., and good pay-
Ing: death cause of sale. Call R. /Q.
WILKE. 2ti'i Kearny Et. »
A— $400; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
S livir.g rooms; rent $20; dally receipts $12;
rare zv.3 splendid chance. R. G. WILKE,
ISH Tvearay Et.
a— J2S00; CORNER grocery and bar, on Point
Lobos ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old
established and first-class paring business,
with -large etock; rare chance. Call R G.
WILKE. :C;i Kearny st.
A— S300; RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
tlS: good paying. R. G. WILKE. 2SM Kearny.
C. ANTHONY & CO.. 7i3 Market st ~~
Phone Black 4C71
Money lozaed on legitimate propositions...
List your business with us
We sell for cash
ttCO— Bakery; Western Addition %
KT5— Branch bakery: near school
*70O— Butcher shop: Mission; horse, wagon...
MOOk-Candy. Ice cream parlor; leading street..
S2Z0 — Cigar Ftttnd: v.-holesale district
RESTAURANT and cnophouse on Sixth st
doing a nice business; fine place for man and
wife. California Business Aesr... 8GSV4 Market.
SCOO — CANDY and icecream parlor; receipts $30
a day: «n principal street: owner retiring;
rich. California Business Assn.. SCS^i Market.
$"0&— BAKEUY, with horse and wagon; an old
established business with fine cash trade
California Business Assn.. £65V£ Market st.
SPECIAL -NOTicb-TVe have several excep-
tionaWy desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunc h, grocery and bar and delicatessen
store?: also restaurants, barber shops and
FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.
CHOPHOrsiJ on Sixth Ft.; bargain; must s«ll
st c.ice; worth $.V)0: will sell for f25C. FISH-
Elt £ CO.. 225 Market ft.
A— WJi boy.'^WcH cr exchange business of anv'
• kind. STCANT) & CO., ao Kearny st.
A-??C0: CORNER saloon: full value; clear $100
month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny et.
A -?«IX>— KIRST-OLASS saloon near Powell
'an.l r.tsrkct; clears $;;o month. STRVND &
<X).. CCS Kearny st. - .
Ar«3M HOTEL and bar, 3 years established
and centrally located: bus to all trains; 50
mtcmCy haardrrs; will sell «t half valueon ac-
•-oiint or death; Tine bar trade. LUND1V it
CO.. 00G Market st. and 9 Ellis st.
-.00 CIGAR stands. S09 groceries and bars. "
::C0 candy and icecream stores. D00 restaurants.
MN etores of all kind?: partners wanted.
Parties vvjth $100 u'< can be suited
WALTKR HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
A— J6C0: RESTAURANT: no better location In
the city: this If. positively worth over $1000
bat it must g-o immediately. Business Board
of Tradt. CSS Pine St.; phone Davis 326.
A— GOO I > rertaurant complete: good payer: in
frarufsrti:rin:r center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. £» Market st.
IlSCf— W1NIC and liquor store; transfer corner;
retiring :r<'«n lJUFlne?s. cause <jf sale. Mc-
LArCIILIN & CO.. 777'/j Market et.
A <JKn.AT <-liance for men and wife with small
capita.! to tcke cl'.arpe o f cofTee house: owner
leaving en important ' business. ; Apply '' at
cnee. nr> agents. lx>s I860. Cair office.
*V/S— REST A UKA NT doffcg a good, business;
present owner been tlier? five years: sold on
ncccur.t uf.lcavlns city. Bex 2S54," Call 'office.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
A NEWLY patented device for military pur-
poses in camp, trench and ¦ hospital, ¦ thus in-
viting Government contracts; for " miners,
prospectors and campers. In cold, frozen and
all regions, from whom the demand should
be larpe, as t his device would be the means
of savin; thousands of lives in Nome and
Klondike, etc.: for cattlemen, farmers, dairy-
men, orchardists, etc.; for railroad, gas and
water companies; it will form a most profit-
able basis for organizing a company to ex-
ploit It; the patent" of this most lucrative
monopoly Is offered for only one-half its ap-
praised value. Address box 1C2, Berkeley
Pi O.. Cal. ¦* "
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
FOR SALE — Account ill health; general mer-
chandise store in thriving manufacturing
center: 15 miles from Pan Francisco; $3500 or
by invoice. Call box 27S3. Call.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey ! engine, horse teams, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER, Nevada City. Cal.
BARGAIN'— The Old Grotto. Seventh and Mar-
ket: Odd Fellows' building; inquire evenings.
DRUGSTORE for eale: south of Market' St.;
good in\"estment for druggist or physician.
JOHN CALVERT, 400 Sutter st.
A MARKET st. brick warehouse in wholesale
district; low rental or on shares to right
party. Apply to H. \A_ SMITH, 25 Market St.
$200— GOOD-PAYING laundry route, with horre
and wagon. Box 2715, Call office.
FOR 6ale — Restaurant and living- rooms com-
plete. 126 Second Et. . ¦ : . ' '¦¦ - ¦ . '-'..- { *:'¦
RESTAURANT for sale; doing good business;
rent cheap. 606 Howard St., near First.
GOOD paying restaurant on city front. Call
at DETJEN & MENDGEL. 35 Market st.
' LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
.../T..THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A — 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
32-room house; clears $200 1000
10 rooms on Eddy Bt., near Market 500
14 rooms on Third St., near Market 550
14 rooms on Mission st 560
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; 'just finished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary st.;. clears $135 1900
44 roome: positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
S5-room house; clears SSOO 6000
80-room boarding-house; clears $600 5000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-rpom flat; very good .'. S25
4 vacant houses to rent.
£00 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE SHOWING CLEAR
TITLES.
$100,000 to loan at 1^ per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opposite
Fifth; Phone Mint 796.
A. CAMERON & CO., 850 Market Et., and 8
.Stockton St., phone Bush 328, rooms 21, 22,- 23.
—If you have hotel, rooming house or busi-
ness chance of any kind to sell list with us;
we have cash customers for all sizes and
prices;' if you wish to purchase, see our list
of bargains.
. 51 rooms. Sixth st. ; good condition; rent
$140; clears $175; Al location, $3000.
23 rooms; rent $75; offices first floor; six
rooms pay $60; leaves 17 rooms for $15; good
furniture and carpets; 2 years old; $1700.
8-room modern flat; Eddy st. ; rent $40; good
furniture end carpets; sunny: $450.
17 rooms; Geary St.; rent $65; good carpets
and. furniture; all rented; pays $S5 over ex-
penses; offices first floor.
12 rooms: Leavenworth St.; rent $55; elegant:
$S50; full good roomers.
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
5 rooms; well furnished: good location.. $250
10 rooms: cheap rent: honest value $350
22 rooms; apartment house: must sell $1000
S2 rooms: money maker: downtown.. $1600
82 rooms; elegantly furnished: see this.. $9500
150 rooms; a chance seldom offered $25,000
Hundreds to choose £rom $100 to J100.000
Also boarding-honses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 833 Market St.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close in. elevator, etc $.1500
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $50 S00
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, 'only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments ¦" 600
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money — you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 MARKET ST.
Over Wonder Millinery Store
GO rooms; rent $100; clears $150 $2500
49 rooms; part cash; see It .' $2500
20 rooms; rent $50; only $830
20 rooms: Ellis St.: new; terms $1400
MONEY TO LOAN AT 1% PER CENT. |
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.: tel. Jessie 1599.
48 rooms: north of Market: only.... $1600
lfi rooms: Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms: rent $50: location desirable 900
If s, bargain we have them at any price.
7 ROOMS, near Market; rent $25: price $250.
II rooms; McAllister St.; rent $40; price $550.
14 rooms; Mi««ion St.: rent $30; price $550.
9 rooms: Sixth st. ; rent $25: price $400.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
719 Market, by Call bldg.? tel. Black 1803.
18 rooms; fine carr>»ts and furniture $1100
14 rooms; north Market; elegant furniture 1600
19 rms.; sunny cor.; fine location; \i cash 1400
$1250 — HOUSE, 30 'rooms: nicely furnished; al-
ways full; rent $45; water free; must sell.
Box 27S9, Call office.
A 13-ROOM unfurnished lodging-house: 16
Steuart st.. near Market; good chance to
make money. Apply on premises; rent $30.
FOR sale— A C-room furnished bouse; nice
. home: rent $25. 1614 Bush et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st. * ¦ ¦
j SPIRITUALISM.
I ARRIVED— Tl»e celebrated gypsy"Princr~Les^
ter, whose free tests, calling: your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world bo sure of his occult power that h<».
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful ' free test. Call cr write,", with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market St., opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
• world-renowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Eun.. Wed., Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resid. (no Eigns). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night, 8 p. m.. 50c;
Sunday, Easter services, seance, 10:30 a.' m. ;
I ancient spirits. 1084 Bush St., near Leaven-
j worth.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit.
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
FOSTER'S removal notice— 1429 Market.; sit-
tings for spirit photos daiiy; readings from
1 to 5 p. m. I
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 6G3 McAllister, Me; come,
I skeptics.
¦MME. GYEISNV trance medium; advice In all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 0, .
it 33 Sixth st., rooms. 16 and 17."
YOUXG Zemdar. clairvoyant business medium;
names given; L. 50c, G. $1. 1203 Mkt., cor. 8tn.
Mrs. GiUingham. spiritual test meeting. 8 p.m.,
10c; sealed quest. 205 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
SEANCES: materializing every Tues. & Thurs-
day. 8 o'clock. Arnold Dlcksdh, 148 Sixth st.
Mrs. Maxwell; meet. Tues., Wed.. I23S Howard;
Thur.. 117 Larkin: lower hall; Wrenn, Swan.
MRS. LOUISE B. DREW. Psychic, Electria
ar.d Magnetic Healer. Room 14, U05 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3C5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; fittings dally: tests to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
- riJiLn r _r L rm-uT_ -i_- _¦ . - ,j- . - _ \ .1, ,., r, r. r -1 r -i n. Tj-i.-Lr L -lTX-|_-» n. *,<-. r>n^x >/> -, r -1 -ij-u" L ri_rinn.
MME. M. BERNARD, • . - .
THE FAMOUS *
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
rre&t medium and you will be told how to
overcome them.' Valuable advice in all affairs
of life: '£>c up; perfect satisfaction cuaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
snd 2t; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send etamo for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
Y>ast and future-, never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
l.anri or wire; f ces ¦ 2Dc up: tatlsfactlon to
everybody: tips on races. 215»,i Sixth St.
MME, PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
d!agnof<>s disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
Rents tl; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126*Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
su'ts. 264 Kearny. r. 5. 6; hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, dairvos-ant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist;
teaches mind vibration, - the greatest secret on
earth; readings daily. 1130 Market st. .
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant^ card reader,
test medium; C5c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor. 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, ll'6th; German spoken; tel. Howard 1846.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; just arrived
.from La., 15c; ladles only. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. We: ' card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 14.
MME.' ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and c^ard reader; 23c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie St., bet 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 2;c. 1149 Mission.
*MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently;, business
ad- ;: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET KEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted ¦with poor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 4(1
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146..
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J, E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth 6t. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaninp Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st. Telephone Jessee 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Asrency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. "
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: modern improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. 18S9 O'Farrell. nr. Pierce.
3 BROAD ' place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkin — Sunny cottage of 5 rooms: rent $15.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket 6t., cor. 4th; rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
¦ fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
. experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full. set; all work painless and
•warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
* —No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crewns;bridgewoik. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. S15% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. l'C9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teetli without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1241 Polk st. ¦
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca~-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In Jhe
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
LDL'CATlOiNAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $30 life scholarship
guaranteed a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH- College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasine taught: prac-
tical bookkeeR|ng, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.%
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
I electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions: new 80-pajje catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited ' preparatory
school for tbe university, law and medical
colleges: references, President .Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all ita graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey, a?say, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
' dor Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
"A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners: businef*
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
FRSNCH.Spar.ish.ete.Prof.DeFIHppe'sAcademy
of LanguaKes,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest,profs.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Bt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk: tel.* Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
1 cooks, waiterj and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046'Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black^073.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment ¦ office—
-]%st help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment . office—
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell Et. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WA.M'EU FEMALIS.
ELDERLY Protestant woman; first-class cook;
elegant baker; particularly clean and eco-
nomical; competent to take charge of lower
floor: references if required. 727 Folsom St..
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper; n4 children, washing or heavy work
of any kind. Apply 1293 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes work as seam-
stress in hotel; good references. Apply 1233
Folsom st. v. '
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
Keneral housework; is a good cook; city or
country; call next day. 245 Natoma. _ . .,
WOMAN wants to go out by day or half day;
quick and neat. No. 4 Sherwood place, off
Third st., between Howard and Mission..
FIRST-CLASS all-around hotel, .boarding-
house or restaurant cook. 202 Sixth st..
room 10. • ¦.
CAPABLE woman likes to work by the
day, washing or housecleanlng; good refer-
ence. Call or address A. N,, 62 Tehama st.
NEAT young girl "wishes, a place for second
¦ work; country preferred.' Call -2608 Mission
St., near Twenty-second. ¦
A WOMAN would like a .position to do general
housework or any kind of work. S30 Fol3om.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housec'.eaning. 19 Stevenson ave., off Valencia.
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wants to do
cooking or second work; best of city refer-
ences; ?25 to $30. Box 2833, Call office.
DRESSMAKING and old clothes made over;
done cheap. Call or- address 200 Harriet St.,
off Harrison. f ¦ " ¦ *— . - . ..
A RELIABLE, middle-aged lady would like a
. place to attend an invalid.-. Box 2S4S. Call. \
WANTED — Situation by, young lady press feed-
¦ er;- wages $10 a week: 3 hours work. . Ad-
dress Feeder.. 222 Twelfth St., bet. Howard
and Folsom.. , - ; . . ¦."'.•_.,«;
WIN'CHESTER House, ,44 Third St.. near Mar- 1
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
J6 we*k: convenient' and respectable': free "bus
and baggage to. and "from ferry-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore st. 1
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ond
. Fubscriptions has been established ¦' at ". 1031
Valencia st- • . ' -. ¦ ¦ M r
EMPLOYMENT •WANTED — MALE. '
SITUATION by young man '¦- taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with'
.i tools. Box 2736, Call : office. C" , - .; ¦•: * ¦ .
WANTED— By. Eastern man, position of trust;
understands the use of steam and handy with
tools. Address box 2792,, Call office. '
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer, . type-
writer, bookkeeper, would like position; city
:¦ or country. Box 2853, Call office.
MARRIED gardener with first-class references
desires -situation. Add. V. P.. box 2858. Call.
YOUNG, strong, man, German, intelligent,
¦ wishes situation in store. Box 2S52, Call. •
WANTED— Work in exchange for meals; hours
no object. : Address box 2857, Call office.
HONEST Catholic, single* man, aged 30. well
- acquainted in city, wishes any steady, honest
position of trust; was collector In this city
and also clerking in grocery business; speaks
English,' German and French; Al references.
Address W. WEGRICH, corner Twenty-fourth
and Mission sts.. city.
BOOKKEEPER and . cashier (age 30), with
j present firm last 12 years, wants to change
' where brains and hard work count. Box
- 2782, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work In private
• family; used to horses, garden, cooking; use-
ful in general; wagres moderate;- references.
Address box 2216, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Work of- any kind, afternoons or
evenings, • by middle-aged man. * Box 2S36,
Call office.
BARTENDER wishes position; city or coun-
try. Address W. C, box 2851. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian wishes situa-
tion to do general housework, or as gerdener,
porter or^ watchman; handy with carpenter
tools; Is good orchardlst. Box 27S6, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bartender, best of city refer-
ences. wants job; city or country. NICKLE,
746 Market rt. • .
BY experienced dry good man; in country
town; drees goods or domestic; no window
trimming; good references. "Box 2784, Call.
YOUNG, steady, experienced butcher wishes
position in city or country. Box 2787, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st. • . .
¦ : , FINANCIAL.
FOR INVESTORS!!!
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and income city property; 'gllt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail-
road and Industrial corporations; money to
loan; Investments made; bank references; cor-
respondence solicited.
. T. OTWAY SADLEIR, ¦
Room 40, 310 Fine Et..
. . San Francisco.
FIN AW CI AL— BE WARE !
The Stanley Aerial Navigation Co. has ad-
vertised no stock for sale In the daily news-
¦ papers. No stock will be sold by the com-
pany except at its office, and all persons Rre
warned against the purchase of any stock ad-
vertised for sale at a sacrifice, as the own-
ership of said stock Is in litigation. Burther
information at company's office, 702 Market
St. CHAS. STANLEY, President.
J. A. BORN, Secretary. _^_^
THE STANLEY Aerial Navigation Company.
A limited number of shares for sale at a
sacrifice. . Box - 26». Call office.
FLATS TO LET..
FLAT to let: either 5 or 6 rooms. and bath:
lower or upper. 423 Lyon st., between Hayes
and Grove. • , _• /
TWO sunny flats near City Hall ; fi-room flat,
12 Grove st. ; 4-room flat, 62 Ivy ave. ¦
SIXTEENTH, 3672, near Market-5 or 7 rooms
and bath; sunny; fine view; nice garden.
' FURKITCRE : FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furniEhedln tak, $4S 60,~with~NoT7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms'for sale cheap; party
going away; cheap rent.* 1904 Baker st.:
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Ccdy, 7J7 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin ; tel. PoTk 694 ;
I furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
lF.you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton et.; tel. James 1341.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folaom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission. .
CHAS. LEVY buys .ycur . furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761. •
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt., pays highest
' price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WAJSTED^-FKMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Pastry cook, hotel, city .$40
Pastry cook, institution.. .'......:..... ..".......$30
4 waitresses, Arizona, see party here
$20, free fare
2 waitresses, south $25, fare paid
2 waitresses, commercial hotel......" $20
Waitress, Nevada Co $20, fare paid
10 waitresses, city and neighboring towns, $20
Lunch waitress .....:.. ..50c
Restaurant waitress : $7 week
Seamstress .$1 a day
Chambermaid, . city. : ...$17 50
¦ - FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, house girls, second girls, city and
country. • ¦ ¦• ¦¦.-¦•
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A COOK: summer resort; see party here; $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
".Til HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, Salt Lake- City; 15 waitresses,
choice, city and country places. $20 to $23;
2 restaurant 1 waitresses, $7; chambermaid,
country, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, city,
$20; chambermaid to wait, country, choice
place, $20, fare paid, call early; 2 woman
cooks, $30 and $40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ......»'...
Cook and laundress, $25, and second girl and'
Beamstress, $20; for family of 3, country, see
lady here, fare paid; German or Swedish
girl. 2 in family, country, $30,' fare paid;
many others. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
. Geary st. .
WANTED — Nurse for 2 children, $25; nurse
for one child, $25, call early; 2 Protestant
cooks, plain wash, $35; Protestant cook. $30,
and second girl, $20, same house, Menlo Park;
2 waitresses, country hotels, $25; 12 wait-
resses and chambermaids for city and coun-
i try hotels and restaurants, $20, . $25 and I $7
a week; 4 sucond girls, $20; nurse for inva-
lid, $20; Scandinavian cook for small hotel;
• $30; assistant cook in boarding house, half
day, $20. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. ; "
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waitress for Colorado, half fare.
HANDS to sew in alteration department. Ap-"
ply at HALE BROS.. 979-9S7 Market st , at
5 a. m.
WANTED — First-class trimmer, maker and a
saleslady In millinery department. Apply at
HALE BROS., 979 Market St., before 10 a. m.,
HAIRDRESSING taught complete in 4 v»eeks;
positions secured and students started- In
business. Hairdressing College, 374 Geary st.»
MILLINERY taught complete in 3 months;
. now is the time to Join Easter class. Milli-
nery College, 574 Geary st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity, to right par-
ty. • F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GIRL' in printing office, $3 week. Call at: 40
California St., . room 9. .
SWEDISH or German girl; small family; plain
cooking; wages $15. 231 Scott Et.
ALTERATION hands on suits. Apply at once
to manager cloak department. The Emporium.
YOUNG girl for housework arid cooking; email
family; 9 to 12 a. m. 1810 Laguna st. . .
WANTED— Good cloak > finishers. E.' MES-
SAGER, 145 Post St. " .»'
WANTED— 2 good waitresses for restaurant.
1550 Market st. ' ] •
WANTED— Good cook to cook for men. S Ap-"
ply at M30 . Seventeenth St.. corner Vermont.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 2135
v Unlon st. • . -
WANTED— First-class cook and do plain laun-
dry; wages $30. 2503 Broadway.
W r ANTED— 3 alteration hands. 2 salesladies.
New York Cloak: Store, 1216-1218 Market st.
MIDDLED-AGED chambtrmaid at U. S. Hotel.
• 123 Eddy St., $15 . ptr month . and found.-
WANTED— In- San Rafael, for general house-
work in a family of 5. a strong, quick, in-
telligent girl with gooa references ;- wages $30
per month. * Address IV O. box 135, San Ra-
fael. Cal. - . '.r
CATHOLIC woman about. 36 years of age,
without incumbrance, to do general, house-
.'¦ work: family ot 4 adults; $15 month. Call
at 200 -Hayes st. ¦ '
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
and a , few apprentices; also . arrrentlces to
learn to knit on machines. Apply J. J. PFIS-
TER- KNITTING. CO.. 412. Polk st. " : '
NIGHT cashier for a bakery- and restaurant;
must ¦ have ; reference. ¦ BRUESS' Cafe, . 70
: Third st. ; wages $30. , \
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply -at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.'. - '
GIRL for. downstairs work and cooking;' wages
$20. E12 : Devisadero st. . - •*¦>•>>*
WANTED— First -class "operator and finisher on
, pants; good wages. 1CC0, Harrison st. "•¦ :. r - '
WANTED— An , operator on pants; steady ¦ po-
'-, sition. ' 36 Geary, room 33. - /
'HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con. ,
MEN OR WOMEN ~. :...
%............ Paid Big Commissions
¦UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Bpear st. **f .
WANTED, at once — Woman who is bright and
- • dresses neatly to travel for wholesale house.
Box 2S50. Call office.
IMMEDIATELY— 2 lady solicitors; fair salary ;
must be of good address; for Saturday 'Even-
ing Post. 53 Columbian building.
WANTED— Girl to assist: good home; small
wages. Apply. 1019 San Bruno ave.
WANTED— Good hands on ladles' wrappers;
electric power. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery.
YOUNG' girl to help with housework In family
of three grown people.. 911 Stelner st.
PANTS finisher and apprentice ; paid while
learning. 110. William st.. nr.Geary-& Taylor.
WANTED — First-class tailoress on vests; wages
.'$12; also apprentice. 504 Eddy st.
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; inexperienc-
ed instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission..
"WANTED — Experienced apprentice girl to work
on coats; good pay. 334 Kearny, room 9.
AN experienced tailoress; steady work. 922 7th
st., Oakland. Market-st. station. •
WANTED — Experienced ' shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦Valencia st. ' ¦
HELP WANTED MALE.
A^MURRAY~&^Ea55\ '. ". . . Phone^ilain" 5S4S
Leading Empldyment and Labor Agents,
Want 7 a. m. to-day
• Mechanical Help. .
Machinist, sawmill company $13 and fd.
15 . blacksmiths, city and country. Ehops,
camps and ranches '
-. $60 and {40, S3 and $2 50 day
Carriage painters harnessmaker
1 Farmer and wife, near city, $45 and fd., , see
boss here.
10 laborers, make /roads in woods $45
B0 laborers, railroad work, sawmills and
woods.
'25 farm hands and teamsters $26 and $30
15 milkers, different dairies «30 and $35
Baker, country shop..... $55
Baker's helper, $20; head waiter; chef cook,
city restaurant, $50; ranch cook; see boss
here. ....
- For full lists of work call down and read our
dally bulletin boards. '
MURRAY & READY. ... 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary st.
. --- RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, Nevada Free .fare
Drillers, Chatsworth Park $2
Teamsters and laborers, Ukiah $2
Free fare..... Free fare
10 milkers, ttO to Sit; 2 blacksmiths. $2 50
and $3; 3 men to handle, freight, $35 and
board; choremen, $20 and . $25; man about
place, $25."
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Short-order cook, country hotel, $65, free fare;
. second cooks, broiler3 and fryers, $50 to $60;
cooks, hotels and restaurants, $30 to J50; dish-
washers and kitchen bands $20 to $30
3 waiters, first-clas3 country hotel, $35 and
free fare; 2 waiters, summer resort, $33 and
fare paid; 2 omnibuses, country hotel, $25 and
free fare; 2 neat young men to carry off
dishes, country hotel, $25 and fare paid; 6
hotel waiters, country hotels, $25 and $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
DELICATESSEN man for country, $40 and
board; 2 hotel cooks for country; restaurant
cook and wife, $73; restaurant cook, $45; sec-
ond cook, $30; broiler, $50; restaurant waiter,
country, $30 and found; waiters for hotels,
restaurants and institutions in city; dish-
washers., bell boys and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦
FARMER for . Napa County. $C5. fare ad-
vanced; fruit farmer and wife, $40: milker'
and wife, ?30; 5 milkers, $30 and $35; butter
maker. $40; -2 choremen for ranches, $20; 2
vegetable gardeners, $30 and $25: man about
place, $20, city; fruit peddler, $15 and found:
milker and butter maker, small dairy, and
• many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. '
A— WANTED. _•
Blacksmith, no shoeing, for vineyard, $40
and board; buttermaker, near city, $30; but-
termaker, see boss here, $30; 2 milkers, near
I city, $30; 2 farmhands for vineyard and win-
ery work, steady job, $26; 2 young Germans
for wine cellar, $9 a week; farmer and. wife,
$35. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st., phone
Red 31 — Gang of mill and woodsmen, 10 men
to make ties, -posts and pickets; 10 woodchop-
pers, Sonoma County; redwood, pine and black
oak; 2 first-class milkers, 20 cows $25
3 farm hands, best wages,
Man accustomed to work in shaft, gum boots
and rubber clothes furnished, $2 50 per day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Hotel waiter, $40; porters, city, $20, and $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union— .
- Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS, Secretary.
GENTLEMAN of .indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. . - ... '
PANTSMAKEP.S and a bushelman wanted at
KAVANAUGH BROS., 6 New Montgomery
St., Palace Hotel.
BOY or ' young man to work 2 .hours dally In
exchange for tuition. . San Francisco Bust- ]
ness -Colleire. -_ ¦
BARBERS wishing to see latest, most practical
revolving barber chair, called .Autoback, call
at Stoltz's barber supply house, 723 Market ei.
WANTED — Strong, active boys, 14 years old.
S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED— Young man, 16 to 18 years of age.
S. N. WOOD & CO., Powell and Eddy sts.
"WANTED— Boys 14 years old. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
VARNISHER arid polisher and boy to learn
trade. FINK & SCHINDLER, 1309 Market.
ERRAND boy, 14 to 16 years of age. W. F.
CORNELL & CO.. 518 Sacramento st.
A GOOD lunch waiter wanted at the Bouquet
Grill Room. 634 Market st.
YOUNG man for porter and wait at table;
German only. 1241 Market St.
PANTS and. vest maker for country. Inquire
1928 Leavenworth st.. from 8 to 12.
JOB compositor wanted; must be Al; steady
position; good pay. Box 2855, Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted. 516 Sutter st.
GOOD waiter at 123* Sixth st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for custom repairing.
Call at 939^ Mission St.
A PR*ESSER wanted. -1421 Point Lobos ave..
Golden Gate Dye Works.
POLISHERS wanted. Globe Brass and Bell i
Foundry, 128 Main st. .
BLACKSMITH'S helper. 212 Railroad ave?.
near Fifth ave. south. ¦' -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 3d sts.
COATMAKER wanted. 5 Telegraph ave., Oak-
land. , *. .' .''-^-r.l
CASH boys over 14 years of age. Apply HALE
BROS.', 979-SS7 Market St., before 10 a.m.
WANTED— Vegetable man at 431 Fifth st. \
GOOD union barber wanted; steady. 131 Third
¦street. . , '
.WANTED— Good blacksmith. Apply 2030. Sev-
enteenth St. ¦"¦.-.¦• ¦ -'
2-CHAIR 15c barber shop on' corner; 3 living
rooms; cheap. Box 2859, Call office.
WANTED— A respectable boy to learn carriage
painting. Apply 2117 Mission st. _^
PAPER cutter for power machine. 622 Market
St., fourth floor. j
WANTED— A good barber for 1646 Polk st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1229& Market St.;
call after 1U a. m. ¦ __j
WANTED — Practical gardener for nursery. 215
Hayes . st. '- - ¦ '
WANTED— Carriage painter. Corner Twenty-
* third and Bartlett streets.
WANTED— A few solicitors can make easy
money. Call 3 Taylor st. .:¦..- -¦
DISHWASHER wanted at 1302 Kentucky st.
GET vour shoes half-soled .while waiting: 25c
to £0c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
JAPANNER wanted; one that can do lettering,
¦„¦ etc.: also boys wanted. American Can Com-
" pany, 61S Battery st. ,
MEN — Our catalogue explains how wt> teach
the trade/in two months, saving two years:
.mailed free. 'We have uo'oc shop in connec-
tion with, our college; chairs and furniture
- aie all made to our own order, with a view
¦^ to cleanliness and "convenience. ;
MOLER'S .BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
.Beware of any cheap-imitations.;'
SPLENDID opening for. a general workman
"-at- shoemaking and' harness- repairing ¦ at
Tomales. Marin County, Cal. Apply P.
MULVENAY.' Tomales.
A - FEW energetic," intelligent gentlemen" to
present an financial proposition: !
successful candidates ' earn from $100 to $300
.per month. Address box 2769. Call office.
WANTED— First-class* carriage wood worker
at 2315, Pine' ft." -; ... ' J ¦¦ .. :
25c BARBER shop: two chairs: In hotel; cheap.
Address H. BRAY, Nevada City, Cal. • '
HELP - WANTED-^- MALKj-^ggZL——
EARN a better salary and position: »W*;£{2£
trlcity. mechanical engineering, mechamcai
drawing at home by correspondence tnou
samls successful: Thomas A. Mison JS c a t °i c l,
institute: book. "Can I Become an EJectrlcaJ
Engineer?" mailed free. Electrical Engineer
¦j Institute. New York. -
A MAN of large. Influential acquaintance can
secure good outside salaried position wltn
leading fire and marine insurance office, uoi
2754. Call office? -
WANTED— Laborers . and mechanics to knoW .
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprleta r. 9 «"
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.:
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MARKERS and distributers for laundry: wages
J2 E-0 to $5 per day of ten hours; references
required. Box 2748. Call office. .'- _
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741 K Howard St..
no barroom chairs used in this college.
A RELIABLE man willing to Invest $200 can
secure a position; must be fair penman. Box
2S45. Call office.
15c BARBER shop: old stand; running two
chairs: in San Jose; cheap. STOLTZ. 723
Market st. ,
MAN of good address, lor a responsible posi-
tion: must be good talker. Call at 210 Mont-
gomery St.. room 14. - . • t
BOYS wanted. Apply at Rope Walk, Potrero,
San Francisco. ¦¦
McDONALD & PERRY have 5C0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
A PRESSER wanted. 1 421 Point Lobos ave..
Golden Gate Dye Works. -
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; rent $6.
403 Pacific st. . " ;
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
TAILORS and coat operators wanted by S. N.
WOOD & CO.: apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
"WANTED— 10O men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. -
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. /
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, blacksmith*, seamen & green hands;
all parts. of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; frea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. -
HORSES J^gP J}Z^^^%
40 HORSES for sale; .*!-o wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand ia cade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction salts every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Sd session June 10. ' Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
FOR sale— Nine-passenger wagon. 5 Montgom-
ery st. or 1340 East Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st. . -
ALL kinds of wagons, bugrgies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
WANTED— 25 horses for pasture at Glen
Park. Telephone Mission 63. ¦
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping waKon. for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. .
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. HJ UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent — House of 9 rooms; large yard: rent
$5; cor. 20th ave. and H St.. South S. F. In-
'quire at Four-mile House, Railroad ave.,
South San Francisco.
A 5-ROOM fiat, good order; ?12. Apply 936
Harrison st.
Handsomely frnshd 10-room house; newly cos«.
strctd; Laguna, nr. Pacific: for 4 mos.. beg.
May 1; rent $75. F. D. Madlson.104 Crocker bg.
BUSH. 12M — Sunny house of S rooms and bath;
yard: $37 50: water free.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; 5 IS. Apply at 14 Grant ave.,
room 2.
STEINER, 22C6— Well furnished 7 rooms, bath;
• whole or part: references. Call 1 to 4 p. m.
LOST A5D FOBSD.
LOST— Gray mare with scar on hip and buggy.
from Chutes entrance, April ?. Return to
Chutes; reward.
LOST — A dark brindle and white greyhound
with scar on right hind leg. Liberal reward
at Stiver ave. and San Bruno road.
LOST— Monday, single diamond bar pin In Mis-
sion. • Return 2550 Mission st. : reward.
LOST — Tear-old collie dog: tan color; marked
with black and white; liberal reward. Re-
turn to 1320 Jackson st.
V/ILL the lady who found pin outside Q. M.
D., Jessie st, return same to room 35, Q. M.
I D. ? Reward.
LOST — Monday noon, front of Mauvals' music
store, lady's gold watch, three pictures In-
side. Return office 13 Howard St.; reward.
Wanted — Old *old for manufacturing. O. Nolle.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. l>«t. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL. '
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
Bend 10o for list. MHS. HTCRTZ. 706 EIHm wt.
MATTRESSES AN1> UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: til. South 792;
(o order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. S1S-32O Eleventh st. -
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladies 7
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; r.atients treated can re-
turn same day: those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, lCSTt Market— Private home
for patients before a^d during confinement;
v.-ell known: implicit confidence; reliable.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., bet. Mason
and Taylor — Reliable ladles' specialist.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market St..
bet. Taylor and Mas-jr; ladies' specialist.
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
pills: price SI. DR. V. POPPER. 323 Kearny.
MINES AND MINING.
MINES, patents, oil stocks, real estate bought
and sold; Eastern and foreign capital wanted;
ores, maps, mill tests shown at office, Parrott
bldg.. fourth floor. 475 and 476. 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M. E. v >.'.-.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
v - 32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can . ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1013. 1C21. 1023 Mission st..
above Sixth: write for catalogue. ¦
A PREMO B camera and case. 4 plate holders.
4 kits and 3 printing frames. Call at 6$i
Byington ave., bet. Fillmore and Webster.
A— BUYS, Fells or renu gear machinery, en-
. gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. »:i6 Spear St.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred incubator chicks and
• eggs; white & black Minorcas, white & buff
Leghorns. Potr(*o Poultry Yard. 404 Carolina.
2 PETALUMA Incubators; 150 and 300 eg^s. 903
Stanford ave.. Oakland, between Golden Gate
and Adeline stations. •
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
BUI Lanse and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., sV F.
TYPEWRITERS at ary price to close them
out: different makes, call early for bargains
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California]
A— 29-TON Howe wagon ncale: compound
beam. Apply at 21S California st. .
SEE that pair diamond sleevebuttons: -price $12
wcrth }20. UNCLE. HARRIS. 15 Grant ave
LOT : of second-hand oil tanks; good order"
cheap.' H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A LOT of government tents;' 30 bath tubs-
cheap 5iS Mission st.
DOMESTIC and White sewins: machine, good
order, complete, cheap. 1935 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND buggy ami bicycle, Cn« order;
cheap. 1169 Howard.
FOJR SALE— A portable oven; cheap. 1201 Sev-
enth St.. Oakland.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
v J. BLJKKE. 133 Bealg st. .
Gasoline or distillate- ensines. new & 2d-hand;
1 all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
• TYPEWRITERS. Sd-aa.-'d. all makes, at 1»t»
' IBgurea. L. & XI. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
1 FlRST-CLAsiS second-hand modern engines a.ii
t boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PIIOTOORAPHIC and magic lantern goodi
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
! SAFES— New and secord hand. TIIK HER.
. MAN SAFE .CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BREGK. 131 Post st.
! SAFES— New and secriid hand; all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
I MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, ia-
[ dies', gents' clothing. 154. 9th: tel. Folsom 5Z2.
MONEY TO LOAX.
1 A^MONEY to loan at rates which people can
: afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; fa
net borrow of you»- friends or you will 1039
', their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 end 10. D06 Market st.
' IF YOUR PKOPEJRTr '..'.
' ..." IS MORTGAGED
and" you need, more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. . Loans on estates in probate.
, • undivided interests lu estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
• ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. 1IALLORAN & OLSEX.
• ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
• lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, Zi Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
! est ra-te3. Bajdwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branc> -29 Third st.
1 j:C0 0C0 AT 6 per cent is sums to suit in city:
1150 000 on large ranches at fair rates: *econi
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rate* on furniture, etc.. by privata
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
: tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 201 Jones.
' MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
1 OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age;^reliableparty I _U70_^lArket_^t ;: _rooraJ8 ;
: MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
3% on furniture and pianos; J15 up; no removal:
no commission: private. Room 81. 8 Eddy «t.
LOANS. 1st or Sd mtgs: city, country. «%. nndl-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER, 337 Paxrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THH
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
J10O.00O TO loan on real estate or for building;
low ratjC.' 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorscr. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In*
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments. lowest prices and most r»-
II able makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlm»
v within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprignts sold for JG cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some prooii
pianos at S3. Si and So per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land. ¦
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright — $63 1 1 Schiller tZKl
1 Emerson upright.. 53 1 Gabler 13."
1 Vose 83 1 Waverly 122
2 Stelnways 185 up 1 Fisher upright 11!»
2 Heines 315 upjl Mason-Hamlin ... 33"
1 Hallet-Davis 46311 Hardman 85
2 Behr Bros 357 1 Miller 125
- - and fifty others; rented and rent allowed;
rents $3 up: we handle all makes; agents
for ' some of the oldest and most famous
pianos in existence; agents wanted. HEINE
PIANOCO., 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nouso
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASERS. 25.
•8 and 30 O'Farrell «t. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of- all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer. '
A CARLOAD each of Baumeister and Smith
& Barnes pianos Just put Into our ware-
rooias. They are real beauties and worth
lookite at. Cash or payments, and very lit-
tle, ofeither will buy one. MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO., 759 Market st.
5 PIANO snaps— $60, $75, $80. $123, $130:- easy
payments: also Apollo, slightly used, a bar-
gain. BENJ CCRTAZ & SO:*, 1« O'Farrell
st.. Chlckerlng agency.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market St.. you
ca'n get storase pianos almost for a song— $¦>
per month — dirt cheap^
A COMPLETE stock added to offerings, sec-
ond floor. SMITH'S Cash Store; save money.
LEAVING city, must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used 6 months. 324 Golden Gate.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $133 wp: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2206 Flllmora »t.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Stelnway*
Knabe and others. BRUEXX. 203 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano:
nearly new; must bo sold. S01 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steok. Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B.Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG., 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 033 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. .
MULLER. maker, repairer.- 2 Latham place.
r — — — —^^mmm^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
AT $16 you get 4 rooms and store, complete
order: good business location. Apply 334
Harrison, near Sixth st.
____— —
THREE cer.ta».per share: safest oil Investment:
is expected to go to $1 per share In a few
months: send for prospectus. P. S. M. tt
I. Co., 326. Post st.
MONTEREY CO. SNAP— Near San Ardo strike;
ICO acres patented land at $33 per acre: worth
$100 per acre on account of recent strike. H.
A. MARVIN. 232 Montgomery. St.. 3. F.. Cal.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
WILL deed, choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. TV. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
. PAINTEIIS AND DECOItATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. J.I
up. Jensen Sc Bath. 30S Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
hT J ERollE^FO^S^LLTr^clfeT^c^a^mTsTrsiS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICEfSeTnocharge unless successful.
OKO. X). CAMPBKLL. Lawyer. Examiner hlr.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
t"R. C cT^DONNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021% Market st, between Sixth and Ssventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully .
treats all diseases of the human body: se»
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
• 1'EUSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and itching scalp, stop falling
and grow new hair. If your druggist or hair-
dresser cannot supply you call at && Geary
st. or 305 Larkin st. Do Rot be persuaded to
take any other; there is none so good. The
Star Remedy Co.. San Francisco. . ...
A— IF ycur hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DU. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy* is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts cf th«» world: call or send for circular.
REWARD— $10C0 paid by tha NEW YORK
DERMATOLOGISTS to, any one whose wrin-
kles or freckles return after their treatment.
Sample free at office. 105 Ellis St.. S/ F.I
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove nags, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, ar lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEWS. .7!K» Fifth.Oakland.
jk LOT of tomatoes in gallon tins; standard:
sellirg. before new cnea come in, at 20c tin.
SMITH'S. 25 Market st.
1-RIVATE detective work; reasonable rafs- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
SCHOOL to learn ha'.rdresslns. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons cr class. MISH A V
; DOYLE. 17M Market, bet. Poltc and Van Nesat
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery st..
room a: phone Bush 2S3; charges reasonableThomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to May
Levison (wife of W. G.), lot on E line of
Webster street, 75 S of Filbert, S 25 by E 100
?f00.
Sameto Leon Frank, lot on E line of Web
ster street. 60 S of Filbert, S 25 by E 100; $900.
Robert B. and Emma O. Mitchell to E. M.
Norton and May E. Nevin (wife of J. B.), lot
on SW corner of Frederick street and Trymont
avenue, W 63:1% by S 106; *12,000.
John Coop and James W. Smith to Thomas
Vodden, lot on W line of Clayton street. 158:9
8 of Waller. S 25 by W 125; $2000.
Estate of Joseph M. Comerford, by Eliza C.
Herbert, executrix, and Eliza ' C. Herbert
(Comerford) to R. A. Vance, lot on S line of
McAllister street, 275 W of Parker avenue,
W 25, S 90, SE 25, N 91:6; also lot on S line
cf McAllister street, 100 W of Parker avenue.
W 25. S 97:3, SE 25 N 98:6; $2950.
Esther L. and Michael J. McMenomy to
Fillen Halloran (wife of John J.), lot on SW
line of Tenth street. 225 SB of Harrison, SE 25
by SW 100; $500. !
Bridget Burke to Mary -A. Burke, lot on S
line of Twentieth street, 280 W of Dolores, W
25 by S 114; $1500.
P. W. Clancy (by- J. E. CDonnell, commis
sioner) to Annie Sharkey, lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 61:6 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by
W 105; $984.
Estate of Jehu . B. Wilson (by George H.
Wilson, executor) to Robert Trost, lot on W
line of ¦ Shotwell street, 140 N of Twenty-sixth.
N 55 by W-115; $3000. •
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Italian-
American Bank, lot on SE corner of Montgom
ery and Sacramento streets, S 42 by E 6S:9:
$51,000. ¦ : . •
Jane Long to John H. Fisher, lot on W line
of Jones street. 20 S of Bernard, 8 20:6 by W
6S:6; $2000. -
Anne Whalen to Catherine Whalen and Brid
get A. Mahoney, lot on S line of Bryant street,
166 W of Second, W 25 by S 80; gift. ¦ •
Morris and Rachel Fross and Henry Levy
to Pauline I Levy (wife of Henry), lot on SW
line of Harriet street, 200 SE of Howard, SE
25 by SW 75; $4500. / .¦¦¦,
Estate Richard H. Monck (by S. B. Leavltt,
executor) to Michael Geraghty, lot on' E corner
of Folsom . street and Harrison avenue, NE 60
by SE 75; $8000.
Catherine Kalllch and Jane T. Gray (both
nee Finn) 'to Jeremiah F., Elena G. and Mary
E. Finn, all interest in lot on S line of Nine
teenth (Butte) street, '25 E of Hampshire. E
25 by S 91:6; also all Interest in estate Mary
Finn • (deceased) ; $10. .
J. C. O'Connor to Helena O'Connor, same:
gift. : . ¦ • . ¦ '•£*
Rauer'8 Law and Collection Company ; (J. J.
Rauer, • Edward Ackley and • D; E. Besecker)
to. Charlotte E.' Crockard (wife of John), lot
oh SW line of Fourteenth avenue, 150 SE of
M street.' SE 75 by SW'lOO, lot 6, block 2S9,
South San ' Francisco ¦• Homestead and Railroad
Association, quitclaim deed; $500. .
Charlotte E. and John Crockard and Clara
and Lewis EL Spear to John Stumpf, same; $10.
.' Builders' Contracts.
Agnes A. Breslln ¦ (owner) with Denke Bros
(contractors and architects)— All work for a
one and a half story dwelling house, on W line
of Third avenue, 200 S of Lake street, S 23 by
W 120: $2200. . - ¦'.',:. .
Annie B. and Michael Cooper (owners) with
George Letterell . and i Henry Farry (contrac
tors and architects) — All work for a two-story
and basement frame buildin?, on W line
of Guerrero street, 101:6 N of Twenty-seventh.
N 25, NW ICO," E 100; $2670.. . ..
Nicholas Prost (owner) with . Val Franz (con
tractor), architects John & Zimmermann — All
•work except painting,' gas fitting and plumbing
for a two-story and basement frame building,
on W line of Buchanan street,- 137:6 S of. Mc-
Allister.. S 25 by W 87:6; $5210. ; . _?};
I Miss Isabella Levy (owner) with Henry Huf
schmidt (contractor), architects Salfleld &
Kohlberg— Gas fitting and plumbing for a three
story frame- building, on W line of t Hyde
street, 87:1 N.of Geary, N 25 by W 87:6; $1099.
HEAL ESTATE TKA2TSACTIONS.
. SLADKT THRASHED BY WIDMANN.—
Charles Sladky, Geary and Powell streets, for
mer proprietor of the Hammam Baths, secured
a warrant from Judge Conlan yesterday for
the arrest of Herman Widmann on the charge
of battery. He complained that Widmann
who had been annoying him, lately, met him
op Third street Tuesday and 'struck him sev
eral times, nnishlng up by threatening to kill
him. ¦ :-::
Auditor , Wells yesterday compiled the
total of the estimates filed by the various
municipal departments for their expendi
tures during the next fiscal year, and as
a result he will recommend to the Board
of Supervisors a cut of approximately
$1,300,000 to bring the amount within the
revenue raised by the dollar limit' of tax
ation. The Auditor figures that the dif
ferent departments ask for $6,854,910,
whereas the estimated revenue will reach
a little more than $5,500,000. Of this $4,000,
000 will come from taxes, $900,000 from the
State for school purposes and about $600,
000 from licenses and sources other than
taxation.
"Wells has about decided to cut the es
timate of the Board of Public Works from
$1,288,538 to $983,538, a reduction of $300,000.
This will be $351,344 more than last year,
when it was $637,194. The Board of Educa
tion will have a large sum. sliced off its
estimate of $1,654,683, and other depart
ments will be reduced also, but not so
heavily as the boards named. This
course will be necessary in order that the
revenue may be sufficient to pay the ex
penses of the city government.
The amounts asked for by the depart
ments follow: .
Board of Public "Works .$1,2SS,53S 00
Department of Electricity 1S1.9S2 50
Fire Department (including: pensions) 816,770 00
Fire • Department (new buildings) ; 100.000 00
Police Department (salaries, etc.).... ¦ 879,492 00
School Department 1,654,683 00
City and County Hospital 114,900 00
City and County Almshouse..... ¦ .85,000 00
Emergency Hospitals 40.500 00
Health Department ..* . 82,300 CO
Twenty-sixth-street Hospital 30,035 00
¦Disinfecting station and maintenance 41,060 00
Department of Elections. 86,675 00
Sheriff ...; 148.400 00
Public pound • 13,320 00
Civil Service Commission 12.700 00
Supervisors' assistants and Board of
Equalization .' 42,700 00
Advertising 25,000 00
Burial of indigent dead 8,000 00
Interment of ex-Union soldiers and
sailors 5.000 00
Municipal reports 6,000 00
Stationery and printing 35,000 00
Furniture for public buildings...... 10,000 00
Fourth of July and Memorial day... ! .8,000 00
Telephone service 20.000 00
Urgent necessity '.... 36.000 00
Water for buildings 80,000 00
Water for hydrants 80,000 00
Maintenance of minors at various
institutions -47.000 CO
Examination of Insane persons 6,000 CO
Public lighting 300.000 00
Mayor 13,800 00
Auditor ...: 13,600 00
Assessment roll 14.5C0 (i
License tags 2.500 CO
Assessor 92,855 00
Coroner 23,240 00
Recorder 38,120 00
Tax Collector 76.S00 00
Treasurer 15,000 CO
Superior Judges and secretary 25.S0O 00
Witnesses' expenses 3.500 00
Court stenographers 20,000 00
Interpreters 8,000 00
Jury expenses (criminal cases) • 32,000 00
City Attorney'.... 20,700 00
District Attorney 36,200 00
County Clerk ..; 75,600 00
Printing transcripts on appeal 2,500 00
Grand Jury expenses 3,000 00
Justices' court* 21,400 00
Law library 4,140 CO
Police Judges 21,600 00
Free public library - 61,000 CO
To provide for deficit In police pen
sions :... 10,000 00
To provide fees of jurora 20, COO 00
Total ?6,834.910 SO
Park, outside r>f dollar limit 425.000 00
Interest of sinking fund 26,000 00
Grand total .........-.$7,305.910 50
One item that will be eliminated from
the next tax midget will be the appro
priation for Interest and sinking funds
for park, sewer and hospital bonds, the
validity of which the Supreme Court de
nied yesterday. Last year the sum of
$222,400 was raised for this purpose. Now
that 'the money is not to be used in that
way it will increase the surplus fund on
July 30, 1901. from $260,000 to $482,400, which
will be used to pay off old claims and for
municipal betterments.
As Only $5,500,000 Is Available Se
. ductions Will Follow, to Which
Board of Works Contrib
utes $300,000.
Various City Departments
Ask for Nearly Seven
Millions.
AUDITOR WILL
CUT ESTIMATES
"Then if you held them to be false you
had a remedy by proceeding against me
for criminal, libel," said Philbrook. .
"I am fully aware that you have been
guilty of criminal libel," answered Judge
Beatty, '.'but I did. not care to proceed
against you. Cases of that kind- seldom
result in a conviction, no matter how pal
pable the guilt of the defendant may be."
Philbrook drifted to many lines and into
many stories, often told by him before, in
search of evidence 'supporting his charge
of conspiracy. He found none, but ex
pressed himself- as satisfied that the plain
ly stated contempt held for him by thft
witnesses of the day proved beyond thn
possibility . of a doubt that he was the
victim of a conspiracy by which these
witnesses, the defendant, his counsel and
associates and many ¦ others had I accom
pllshed his ruin. -
"It is absolutely false," answered Judge
Beatty. "It is my custom to accord all
people such treatment as they deserve
without reference to the time or place.".
Dropping into still - another line, Phil
brook questioned Judge Beatty as to
whether : or not he had read published
statements made by him (Philbrook)
against the Chief Justice.. Justice Beatty
answered that he had read some, which
were uncalled for and malignant. .
"I cordially dislike you, Mr. Philbrook.
You cannot concede that any one can op
pose you without being a scoundrel. My
dislike for you is based on your constant
accusations against every one with. whom
you have come in contact. You have as
sailed the members of the Supreme bench,
you have assailed Judge Coffey, you have
assailed other Judges of this State and
many members of the bar, and lastly you
have threatened me. I have been inform
ed that you have accused me of persecut
ing you and have threatened that unless
I cease, such 'persecution' that something
serious would happen to me. I do. not
know what you meant by this threat and
I can now assure you that It is of the least
possible concern to me."
Pbilbrook forthwith took a new tack.
"Is it not true," said he, "that when we
have met in - company you treated me
in a smooth and suave manner and that
when we met alone you treated me with
extreme discourtesy?" -¦...' .
In answer to Philbrook's questions, Jus
tice Beatty said:
Cordially Disliked by Beatty.
r At this point Justice Henshaw was re
c.uested by counsel to tell in detail the
story of Philbrook's brutality to the Mc-
Gettigan child, but • Philbrook strenu
ously objected. He had heard enough of
that story, he said— enough to establish
the feeling of the witness against him.
Justice Henshaw then left the stand and
Chief Justice Beatty was called. i
"An action will He,' it is true," an
swered Justice Henshaw, "but In this
case it is not a ready redress, because
people don't usually sne yelping curs for
libel." -',-¦• v .
"I * have the utmost contempt for you,
Mr. .Philbrook," said Justice Henshaw.
"I have always regarded you and now
regard you as the most malignant and
evil-minded man that ever infested tue
earth. It is charitable to say that you
are insane. Your conduct toward and
treatment of those with whom you have
come in contact, your brutal abuse of
the McGettigan child, whom you cruelly
beat at Vallejo, and your brutality to
counsel who oppose you have made me
Extremely hostile toward you. " I inves
tigated your treatment of the McGetti
gan child for the purpose of determin
ing whether or not you were malignant
by nature or insane.- I have now reached
the conclusion that you are malignantly
insane." • ¦ . " '.,' ' •
"If my published attacks upon you have
been false they are libelous and you have
a ready redress in an action for libel,"
said Philbrook.
Contempt From Henshaw.
Justice Henshaw was next called, the
cross-examination of Judge Nusbaumer
being reserved until this morning. Jus
tice Henshaw, through the fact that fie
expressed himself plainly and in no gen
tle terms, " proved the most interesting
witness of the day. After leading the
witness through a labrynth of appar
ently immaterial preliminaries, . but
which, it was stated, had- a material
bearing on the "conspiracy," Philbrook
asked the Justice as to his opinion of
his (Philbrook's> personality. Justice
Henshaw then spoke without reserve.
Philbrook appeared gratified after he
had drawn this statement from the wit
ness and then he proceeded by asking
Judge Nusbaumer if it was not the state
ment made by Judge Paterson ¦ that
caused him to make the allegations of in
sanity and incompetency against him in
the Merritt guardianship cases in Oak-'
land. Judge Nusbaumer admitted that
the statement might have had some slight
influence in that direction. "But," con
cluded Judge Nusbaumer, "my allegation
was based on. the gtneral opinion of the
bar and others. 'V . . -
"Judge Paterson,". "said Judge Nus
baumer, addressing Philbrook, "said that
you were crazy, that you were insane,
that you were 'nutty,' that you were oft
your base or something of that kind. I
cannot recall the exact words he used.
He said he had seen you walking along
the streets gazing up into the heavens
and talking incoherently. He • said you
were crazy on fraud; that you always
considered any one who opposed you to
be a thief. He Baid that fraud was your
hobby; that you were a fanatic."
Paterson's Forcible Comments.
Horace ¦ W. Philbrook began - yesterday
morning in his action against ex-Supreme
Court Justice Van R. Paterson the labor
of developing the facts of the "conspir
acy" against him, but the most material
advance he made during the day was to
reach a clearer, conclusion that not only
"Van R. Paterson but other equally prom
inent members of the bench and bar be
lieve him to be insane. \ This opinion was
expressed by Supreme Court Justice Fred
erick W. Henshaw, was reiterated by ex-
Judge Emil Nusbaumer . and was sug
gested by Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court W. H. Beatty.
Judge Nusbaumer was the first witnes3
called. After establishing the fact that
Nusbaumer was opposed to him in the
Merritt guardianship cases in Oakland
and that the witness had also made. the
allegation in. one of the pleadings of, the
case that he (Philbrook) was "insane and
irresponsible," Philbrook endeavored to
¦prove by the witness that he had reached
his conclusion through statements made
by Van R. Paterson. Judge Nusbaumer
at first declined to answer Phllbrook'a
questions as to any conversations he had
had with Judge Paterson -regarding the
sanity of the plaintiff on the ground that
such conversations were privileged, but at
the earnest request of Judge Paterson
and his counsel Nusbaumer finally re
peated the conversation. . "/
Witnesses in His Suit Against Ex--
Justice Faterson Say They '
Believe Him to Be
Disbarred Attorney Draws
. Scathing Denunciation
7 Upon Himself.
ONLY CONTEMPT
FOR PHILBROOK
THE SAN FBAK.QIg.tJb CALL, THURSDAY^ APRIL 4, 1901.
11
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
$1250— Lovely home; beautiful avenue, East Oak-
land; every convenience; street . improved :
large lot; electric and local cars; 1 block from
fine school; half market value; good specula-
tion; must sell Immediately. Address Owner,
box 2856, Call office.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant • Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 28, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company; 430
California st., San Francisco, on April > 10,
1901. Transfer books close April 3, 1901. at
noon. . : a. A. SPARKS. Secretary!
$250 CASH, $7 monthly: 4-room cottage; good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and
run: 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fenced; excel-
lent soil; charming; view; best climate; near
two electric car lines; 90-foot boulevard and
model schoolboy se; away from cold winds and
fcg; 90 families have located here within 3
yearn: price, all told, SS50. Call or send for
circular, 455 Seventh St., Broadway Station,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner. , ¦¦ ..
.LEGAL "ADVERTISEMENTS..
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco. April 1, 1901:
Notice— Certain goods remaining one year In
bonded warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United States Appraiser's store,
on the 24th of April, 1901, at 10 o'clock a, m.
Descriptive catalogues can be had at the
Custom-house on April 18, 1901, or at time
and place of sale. F. S. STRATTON, Col-
1 lector. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th»
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKL.VXD COTTAGES. TO LET.
JJ— OAKLAND cottaees, 4 rooms7'baTh7T>ase^
ment. large lot, city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor, Mills bldg.. S. F..
or A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
¦ _ -.
SAN FRANCISCoT^aTr~April~iTT501-Seaied
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. May 1, 1901. and then
opened, for construction of frame hospital
. stewards' -quarters at Fort McDorrell, Cal.
Government reserves " right to reject or ' ac-
cept any or all bids, in whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-,
ductlon, conditions of price and quality . (in-
cluding In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon)' being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American
. production produced on the Pacific Coa&t, to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL, Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
$10— OAKLAND corner store, with 3 living
rooms; large yard and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor Mills bldg..
S. F.. or A. J. Snyder. 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms; cas range; running water. .
HOWARD, 827— A suite housekeeping' rooms;
front and back; $2 and {2 50. ,
HOWARD. 539 — Two or three sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
VON RAPPARD— STEIN— In this city. March
23, 1901. by the Rev. Dr. Gibson, Conrad
Henry von Rappard of Samoan Islands and
Sarah. Stein of San Francisco.
MABBIED.
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished, floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
STEVENSON. 537^4—2 furnished light house-
keeping rooms, $10 month; single, $3 50.
TEHAMA, 707— Three connecting furnished
housekeeping rooms; also single.
TURK, 613 — 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $10; also unfurnished rooms. «
THIRTEENTH, 329, near Valencia— Larpe
front room furnished for housekeeping; stove;
folding bed.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call braflch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern -conveniences;
rooms £Cc up; first-class meals 23c; free coach.
ROOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
rilabed, unfurnished, with or without . board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny St.. tel. 2324 Red.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE. The. McAllister st.. cor. Larkln—
This high-class rooming-house is newly open-
ed; It has been elegantly and tastefully fur-
nished; every Improvement for comfort and
eanltary requirements has been adopted; all
outside, eunny rooms, with or without baths;
parties with references are Invited to Inspect
above premlees: rooms shown in the evening.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
r5c to $1 per nigrht; Jl 25 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
OAK, 123 — 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
POLK, J17 — 2 furnished front rooms complete
•for housekeeping, with bath... ,.-¦
POLK. 608— Three sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; nice yard. . .
SECOND, 212 — Furnished for housekeeping;
clean, respectable and reasonable.
SIXTH, 242— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping:; rent reasonable.
2 CLEAN furnished housekeeping rooms to let.
Apply 422% Grove St.; no children.
BORN.
RO1IRS— In this city, March 30,- 1901, to the
wife cf Henry Rohrs, a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They mustHSe handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
HOWARD, 917—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room, $10; housekeeping.
FELL. 255—1 nicely furnished room; use of
kitchen if desired; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen, bath, private, {12; also one $6.
GEARY, 1013 — 4 sunny furnished housekeeping
roome, with use of bath and telephone.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Jose Bernardo, 40, Oakland, and Anna Ben-
tencurte, 35, city.
Charles. J. Wedel, 51, 1518 Folsom street, and
Wilhelmina Petersen, 42, 1874 Folsom street.
John T. Hagen, 32. 1540% Howard street, and
Ella Garcia. 3Z, 1540% Howard street.
L. A. Otto Hoffmann. 24, 113 Leavenworth
street, and Lulu Bartels, 21. 1437 Buchanan st.
James Wilson, 33, 245 Steuart street, and
Amelie K. Peterson, 23, 245 Steuart street.
Joseph Nardi, 24, Trask Landing, and Rara-
mira Ghiselli, 20. E98 Davis street.
Frederick C. Morgan, 38, 3421 Twenty-fllth
street, and Amelia C. Allen. 37, 2230 Howard
street. -
William J. Moses, 24, 320^4 Rltch street, and
Mary A. Autey, 21. 538 Ninth street. < v
Dongr Leongr, 37, 802 Dupont street, and Yee
Gor, 27. £02 Dunont street.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DEVISADERO. 2018. cor. Sacramento— 3 or~j
partly furnished rooms for light housekpg.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny 6insrle and double
housekeeping rooms to let; from $6 up!
EDDY. 8T2— Beautiful suite, $25; others grandly
furnished; rms. must be seen to be appreciated
ELLIS, 18— Nicely furnished sunny suites; also
single rooms; by the day, week or month;
bath and phone.
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
1 xrn us 19 a v 9 Anil Kro •¦ tt to jm.it it I v 9 i% 4
- " man ntAN«:iK«:o.
a (Main Line, Foot ot iiarket Street. )
[• uatx — From Uaxch 31, 130L — axmyj
- 7:30a Benlda. Suisun, Elmlrv V*e»Tiile,
3 - Eumnj and Bacr&meato 7:33 r
_ ' - 7:30a Daris, Woodland. Kaighta Landing,
' MarysTille, OroTllle. 7>3-1»
" sfi 7>S0* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden aad Eait lS:S3r
3 . S:tt« A Martluex, S»ii Kamou, Vallejo, Naps,
9 :--::¦- Calling* and S»nta Koa* •:33r
S:OOa Ltrermor j, Stockton. Haoford. Visa-
lim, Portertilla 4i*:>*
8:00* Nileu, Jjtbrop. Merced. Jfrosuo, Ba- '
fersfleld «i83f
•:80a Eh»*ta Kzprtss— Daris, WffiJams (for
0 . ..' ,\ Bartlett Springs), Willow*. Red
0 :-, - Bluff, Portland. 7:33f
0 Ii3»t Sau Joae, Llrermore, Stockton.
0 lone, ' SaerammitOb - Plaeer»iUe,
0 MurysTille, Chico. lte<l IJIuft 4hS3r
0 ":SOa Oakdale, CMnete, bonor*. Carters... 4:S3r
0 V:OOa Hsjwarda, Nilessod W»j Stations. IIi33a
n | BiOOaLos Angeles Exitrets — Uartiuez.
n :' Tr»«j, L»Uirop. pttocktou. MetccJ i :
X i. • -' Krenno and Ix>«Angole« .......... 7sS3&
X 9i3O*. Tallrio. Martluos ami Way Station* Di.tSr
" ' 10:OOa The O-.erlaml Limited— Ogdeo. Den- ¦
X ! . ' ter, Omaha, Chicago 6i33f
u tl:OOp8»etainentoUlrer8te«inera . fSiOOA
9 »:3l>p Il»i>w»rd«. NUp»*nd Waj SUMnnt. T:S3»
0 . S:3up Port Coata. Martinez. Byron, Slock- -
0 ¦ ton,Lodi 1».33»
4h*Or Ueulcia, Winters, 8»er»inento, -
0 Wooillftni], Km Uli t* Lauding.
0 MtrjtTille, Orotlllo 10:33a
0 4:O«lp Martlnox. Hail Itamoii, Vallejo.
Napa. OKliHtoga. Santa Koaa »>SSa
0 -itOOr Nile*. Ureiiuuie. Stockton, Lo.Ii.
0 Merced, Fresno ... 7sS3t
n 4 »3Op Haywaids. N lie*. Har J me. Lin rmora t » = 3 3 a
n 9:ttOr Tlie Owl Limited— Tracr. Stockton,
„ rresno, BakeraOeld. Hangua (or
« ' ¦ Santa Barbara, Los Aiif«!es , 8i33*
' Ot«M»p HajrivarrU, Kilos autl Man Jo«* 7.3* »
J »!«Op Vallejo.... ll!l)3i
" •t««r Oriental Mall— OgJen, Cheyenne, '
9 • Omaha, Chicago l«:33f
«:00p Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denter.
D Omabm, Chlmgo. 4i3S»
9 ' 7:Mp Oregon and California rSipram.MM-
I) rntiiRiitii. MarvsrllK ICmMIng.
9 l'orttnml. Pnget N.mml ami Kaa* S|.1S/k
3 Si»*rS»n Pablo. Purt Coita, Mtrtlne*
j ami VYaj riUtloni , 11i33a
1) t»:»»P ValHo ?»Sa»
1 COAST LINE (KarroiT tttrg*).
J • (Foot »t Market Street.) -
9 kil-i/l £ietraxk.l>tit«rvlt>e,»*n.Jose,Pr>ltoii,
) ' IionlderCreelr.SautaOriizandr/ay
3 Station* •:2l»»
) f*< ¦ 3r Newark. CVniterrlllo. Sau Joae. New
j Almaileu. Felt?n. Moulder Creek,
0 8anta Cnn autl l'lioelpal Way
j .Stations t'">1'»A
, 41 tin p Newark, Han Jose, Los Gates SiftO*
, aOiSOr Hunters' Exounion, Ban Joae and
J ; WarStaUons t7i«0»
\ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
{ from SU MUC1SC0— fnt of Mark it SUitl (Slip 8)—
, 17:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1:33 3:93 5:1 Jr".
,' rnaOlIURB— fnl •fBrodwij.— 1« : 00 |a:00 tSdl
) 10,OO«.m. 12:fl3 2:03 4:09 r.M.
, COAST LiIXE Olrna.l (Jange).
j _ (Third mid Townneml SU.)
fiiilOA Ocean View, Hotitn .stn Krincluco.. ,Mi*(»r
) 7:O«a Han .lose ami Way StuUona liMnp
) /t!»»j Neit Aliimdn / li3U»
) tUOOA Coist Line Limited. San Juip, GUtot.
Salting. Vtso Kobles, S»n Luis
) . Oblipo, Loxnpoc. Santa Burtura,
* "> Los Angeles 10s43r
1 8i8Oa Han Joae. Trea IMuoa. HauU V.tn*,
Pnellio Urnt* ami Principal Inter-
3 mediate station* -......%.. 7.3o»
j MtSftA San Jmuiil Way XlaMona 9i4Or
. ' 12siiip8*u Mtteo, Uodwooil, Menlo Park,
> • ¦ ¦ Palo Alto, Hants Clara, 8an .lone,
, , . Tres Finos. NanU Crux. Salinas,
' Monterey and 1'aoinc <Jro»e )|A>43a.'
t t»::tA P ! San Jose and Way Htntl.m. 6:»»A
1 t-l:l.ip San Jonin.l Principal Way .Stations »i13a
I g*il3r 8nns3t Limited— El Paso, New Or-
leanaacd East 6 IO:1Sa
|3:00rSan Jot«, Los Oatos and Prlnoipal
Way Button. t»tOS*
SsSnp SanJose atxl Principal Way Stations Mi3*A
I <i>:inr Pan JniMaiM Way Stations fRtOttA
7:00? New Orleans Erpre**, Ssn Jose,
• 8int* Barbara. Los Angeles. Dm- _ __
Idj. El P««\ New Orie»n« and B»st * :OOA
7»©0p Del Mont*. Monterey. Pacific GroT* _
Loanwo^..; I. I°^ 5F
qllt43r3an Juae and TTay Station* 7:3Of
A for Morning. !* for Afternoon,
t Hniiday escepted. t *nnd*y only. '
. g Wednesday*. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
a 8ondays. . a Saturday, only.
' CALIF0RHI1 KORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
; LESSEE
! SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
i railway company.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market St
: San Francisco to San Rafael. .. .
1 TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, J:JO.
¦ 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. . - ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:C0, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3: JO.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael to San FraneUc*.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:4S.
•8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trip* at 1:4a
and 6:35 p. m. . .. . j«
BUNDAYS-8:10. *M, 11 :M *. m.: !:«. *:«t
5 '05 6 -15 p. m. '¦ ' • •
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park.
same schedule as above. . -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Nov. 7. 1300.1 San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I | fan- j Week
Days. I days. ¦ | Destination. ! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:Z2 pm
Fulton, *j _
7:30 am " " "Windsor. lfl:25am
Healdsburg-, '.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am CToverdale. 7:35 pm <:M pm
7:30 amj 0^,^ | 7;85 pm { g ;2a pm
7-30 am ¦ ~~ ~ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm f.nym
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm «:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' 110:40 am|10:2J am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Baja. Lakeport and Bartlett
Sorlngs- at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
lortngs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper. Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanbedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport.- • Uaal.
Wltletts. Laytonvtlte. Cummings. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. - •
Ticket office 630 Market at..' Chronic!* build-
ini. .¦¦¦¦ R. X RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Oen. Pass. Agt.
¦ - - General : Manager. • ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ Vfci Sinsalitn Ferry— Foot of Market St.
lv. m*r« »«»». . M.imntN.
9:l."> a. m.*) i wrnr tiavo ( 3:00 p.m.
1:45 P. M. V WEEK DAYS , I 9 ..^ r M
4:00 p. m.) Stay overnight at the taveux (10:35 a.m.
8*0 a. M.I I 1:00p.m.
10:00*. if. i qrvnivt) . *C0r.M.
VCt>A.yi.\ -SUNDAYS-. ¦ 4 .. Rr M
l:W>r.n.) ' \ ii^r.ii.
Fare. San Francisco trt Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sacsalito Ferrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABXT ST. Extabllshwl
tn ISM fortlie treatment of li-ivata
DiMHases, I.nst Manutxid. Debility or
riiwas? nrearinenn bod7an<1 niinrt ami
Skin Oisenses. Tb« Doctor cur**w».pii
' others fall. Try him. fharges low.
4rurr«ar«»rniiU'rd. CallorwriMS,
l»r. J. r. GIC3OA [, sau Frandjco, Cal.
MCALLISTER. 412, room 6 — Two desirable un-
furnished rooms; $8.
MARKET. 1055, opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double: bath.
MARKET. 1043A (The Robinson)— Furnished
suites, or single; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
MINNA, 172. near Third, half block from Call
building — Sunny single and double bay-win-
dow rooms. $1 50 up; also suites. - • :
MINNA, 262. near Fourth— For rent, nice fur-
nished front parlor, also Email room, by pri-
vate family.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
RATLWAY TEAVED.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. wk.. mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, (2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MOSS, 24%, near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms;
good yard and water; rent $9. .
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to $1 60; week, f2 to
T8: month, ?S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooma with hot and cold water; baths.
ROPEDALE House, 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to (1; week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
SHOTWELL. 121— Furnished front room; bath;
$3 50 month. - .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.. nr.
Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 717, nr. TaylT— Very choice for busi-
ness or home; reasonable; please investigate.
TURK. 432 — Bay-window suite of rooms; also
single rooms; private family. .
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references. -
VAN NESS ave., 1000— A large sunny alcove
for 2 gentlemen or couple; other front rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established 'at 1096
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. .
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
' Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. .2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
• " Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" - Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a ........
" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City.. 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago . 2:15 p 9:00 p ...;....
a for mornlnr. p for afternoon. ~ ~
9:00 a. m. train is the* California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first Class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:E3 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
S:00 P. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and .Tourist Sleepers end
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts -out at Fresno. Corre-
epordlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally. .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
- • Of flees— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113. Broadway, Oak-
land.^^^^^^ »^.^^^— i^^.i i* *
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS- VV>
cell better machines for less money than ' any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, Hi California; telephone Main 266.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis
rton ft.: tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlnz Com-
pany. 23S0 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 28L
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
tl and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 167. -
IDJJEEAI, DIBECT0R3 AND EMBALME2 5
•finest Equipment 'at Moderate Rates.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
STORA^E^XpvVAREHOUSES.
•PIERCE-RODoXplTstoM^gT^nTl^vlnTcoTr
office. Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main* 6713.
' /(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. : .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
. 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: r^ducep ratwi. 145 «th: chone Mints.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing. guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
¦ Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
• WEEK DAYS— 6:55, *9:15, . 11:00 a. m.. »1:45,
.S:15. 4:00, 5:15. »G:15. 6:40 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. ¦Wednesdays, and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— '8:00. , *10:00. *ll:30 a. m., »1:15,
3:15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p.m. "
• Trains marked {•) I run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦' WEEK DAYS— 6:20, »t:30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
?12:30, 1:43, ••3:30, 4:30, B:20 p.m.
'¦: EXTRA- TRIPS- on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20, *8:00, -•10:00, »U:45 a. m .
•1:40. "2: 15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from 'San Quentin.
FROM -MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43. 7:55. 9:30 a. m.,
12:35, 2:10.3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m. ' . ¦- •
• .EXTRA '¦¦.TRIPS on Mondays/ Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. - -•
SUNDAYS— 3:05, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15, 3:30,
5:00, 6:43 p.m.. -r ¦: -.
.' ' \«. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. . - - ¦ -
¦ 1:43 p. m. ' Saturdays — Tomales . and " way
stations. • , • '- ¦
8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tlons. i
EAILWAT IBAVEL.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections -made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19: tel. 55S0.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— La-
dieg during Confinement w. 10 days' care, i $20.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadal.. Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
PEHSOIfAliS — Contlnw^d.
f^KEREBY rive notice that MANHAN &
PEDKO. formerly conducting a grocery busi-
ness at MO 14th St.. K.ift Oakland, have dis-
solved partnership on April 1, 190L The bus-
iness will now be conducted by A. F. MAN-
HAN ar.d all bills paid by him. JOS. F. PEDRO.
THE Mlcrobane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary st., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald beads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
v.i. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary et.
ti WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Feotch. $15 up: fine dress suits. J20 up: ele-
pant overcoats. flS up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
[XCCTBIC light In every room— Winchester
Motel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to SI EO per night; tl 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE eults, J10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A-J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
WHITE ename; Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Ladles' & gents' cast-oil clothing bought &
Fold. J. Silverman. 3S4 Folsom; tel.FolsornllSl.
OLD gold, eilver. diamonds and precious «tones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. E17 Market ft.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th, Alameda.
/LFREDCMS Egyptian Henna; restore* Kray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," lor leather, wood
.and photos, at all first-class art 6tores.
«LL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red 1368.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st, nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
«lectric needle. MISS EATON. HIS Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO 14 Montgomery et.
Auction !
Auction!
1 Auction!
Auction !
»« Our Salesroom, MONDAY, April S, 190L
at 12 O'clock Noon.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1504 Devisadero et., east line, near Pine;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and balh; lot
27:6x100; subject to confirmation by the court
PACIFIC STREET INVESTMENT.
621 Pacific et., near Kearny st. and Mont
Emmery ave.; substantial brick building, con-
taining etore and 22 rooms, occupied as a ho-
tel; rent $70 per month; lot 23x137:6
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
614-538 Washington St.. corner of Jones alley,
between Montgomery and Sansome sts.; 2 sub-
stantial 3-story brick buildings; rents flSO per
month: lot 27:9x80.
CALIFORNIA STREET INVESTMENT.
1505 California St., north line, near Larkln;
modern two-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
rent $50 per month; can be easily converte<
Into flats at email outlay; cash above mort-
gage of J6600; lot 25x87.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENT.
M3 to 350 Thirteenth st., corner Stevenson,
Wtween Valencia and Mission; 6 desirable
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
SS5 per month, which are low; both streets ac-
c-pted; lot 27:6x80.
REFEREE SALE.
NW. corner Bryant and Harriet sts.. be-
tween Sixth and Seventh: Improvements con-
sist of store and 4 dwellings; lot 75x75.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
Tl. 29. 31 and 33 Shipley et., off Fourth, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison; Improvements
consist of three-story building containing six
tenements; rents J55 per month; lot 41:2x69;
subject to confirmation by the court.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27, 29 and 31 Morris ave.. between Harrison
and Bryant. Fifth and Sixth; improvements
consist of 7 flats of 3 and 4 "rooms each; rents
$fi4 per month; lot 50x80; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALE.
128 Henry st.. north line, between Noe and
Castro. Fourteenth and Fifteenth; cottage of
5 rooms and stable; etreet work done; lot 26
X115.
SHOT WELL STREET COTTAGES.
813-315 Shotwell St., between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth; 2 cottages of 5 and 6 rooms
«>ach, as a whole or separately; lot 25x122:6
VALLEJO STREET BUILDING LOTS.
Vailpjo St., eouth line, between Leavenworth
and Hyde; 5 choice lots suitable for resi-
dences or flats; street work done and accepted
by the city; lots 27:6xl37'.6 each; terms, one-
fourth cash, balance in one or two years at
7 per cent per annum.
CHURCH STREET BUILDING LOT.
Church st.. west line, near Twenty-sixth:
rhoice, level building lot; 29x80; must be sold.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty Values are gradually rising.
Take advantage of our bargains.
5500 to $800— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
J350 to t750 — Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75. $100, $200 and $350— Ocean Boulevard lots;
fa monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level lots near Misslon-st. cars.
$1000, $1500 to $3500— Choice and modern cot-
tages; good locations; easy terms; all bar-
gains.
Branch Office, 9th ave., nr. H st.. Sunset.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
64 CHRONICLE BUILDING.
$12,000—4 MAGNIFICENT modern flats; up-to-
date in every respect; 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rented low at K110 per" month: mortgage
$£500 at 6 per cent: {3500 cash can handle this
proposition. Apply R. McCOLGAX, 24 Mont-
gomery et., room 3.
$1300— CHEAPEST home In the city; to effect
quick sale; 4 rooms and stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; etreet accepted
by city; cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance: part rash. Call immediately on H.
W. DAVIS, 415 Twer.ty-nlnth, nr. Sanchez.
CHEAP— House and lot, 56 ft. front, concrete
wall. Iron railings, 7 rooms, bath, laundry,
barr., chicken yard, lawn; most healthy and
pleasant location In 6. F. ; further particu-
lars Inquire of L L. MERRELL, 22 Vicks-
burg st.
$:700— 6-ROOM house*, on easy terms; up-to-
date In overy particular; Elizabeth, near
Douglas. J. ANDERSON, owner.
$2000— NEW cottage, 5 rooms; $300 cash, balance
terms. Corner Noe and Jersey Ets.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gnnn. E30 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder; office 133? Market Et.
IF you have lots to **ll north of the Park.
then call en W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces, in wrapper, for malllnr. It per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR sale In Contra Costa County— 90 acre*-
an attractive country home, highly improved
and producm-e. with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house, S rooms and bath*
email house for workmen and two fine barns-
out buildings; there are 4SO0 fruit trees of
lollowing varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, q<>ince, per-
c'.mmons, plums, apples, olive and fig; trec-s
eight years old and In full bearing; abund-
ance of shade trees.
There are several natural springs, also w*H
and tank cf 10.000 gallons, which supplies
bouse and grounds: also a live creek. It is
dtuated not far from the famous Bancroft
orchard. Terms. $5000 cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for 3 years, lnter-
ert »t 7 per cent, or would accept good city
or Oakland property for balance. For fur-
ther particulars call on EDWIN. W.' WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery Et.. city. .
$;*00— 8-ACRE model poultry farm; adjoins
town; nice 5-room cottage: barn; all rich
\ecetable and grain land; a snap.
$3000— 120-acre model farm: near San Jose:
fill under cultivation: grain aij fruit: nice
houre. barn; 100 fruit trees: only V, cash.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market et
BUY in Napa County; no drouths, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
<-opy •¦Nsr-a County VHieulturist." THE W.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
M. CntFFDt. 7:S Market st. by Call building.
Fells hotfls. lodging-houses, stores, etc
Printed lists of farms and city property.
WP.ITK .T. W. HORN. «i: Mala. Petaluma. for
fr>c ,-Any r f svrnma C.n. real ontate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOUSES TO LET.
21 I?- <:LEi:EXT a v «'-— Six rooms and bath; rent
S15. Apply ISIS Larkln st., San Fran.. Cal.
.berhTlef advertisements
BERKELEY HOTELS.
THE PLEASANTON— A first-class hOEtelrjTfor
those wishinp to spend a-few months in
I'.»rkeipy duiing the summr. season; rooms
•-n suite or Fingle. For prices, etc.. address
The Pleasanton. 2C22 Durant ave., Berkeley
JESSIE, 363, near Emporium — Large furnished
front room ; %8.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
clngle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlehed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BIRCH ave., 617%— 3 unfurnished rooms to
let; $S.
ICyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
LEWIS — In the City and County Hospital
April 3, 1901, John Lewis, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 54 years. ¦
LINNANE— In this city, April 3, 190C Henry
Linnane, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 26
years. ...
r£7Remains at the parlors of J. C O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. J Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. . . • . .
LUCE— In this city. March 28. 1901, Mary
Ellen, wife of Edwin S. Luce, and daughter
of James and Mary Smith of Merced, Cal.,
¦ a ;natlve of, California, , s aged -29 years 11
I months and - 4 days.
McINTYRE— In this city. April 2. 1901, Daniel
¦ Mclntyre, a native of Prince Edward Island
I aged 79 years. -¦¦-:_ .
{C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
CyFriends and acquaintances Are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of King Solomon Lodga
No. 260, F. and A. M. - Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. . -
KAISER— In this city, April 3, 1901, Hermann,
beloved husband of Johanna Kaiser, a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged 68 years 11
months and 1 day.
(ETriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 503 Edna street, Sunnyside, thence to
Et. John's Church, where mass. will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, April 2, 1901, George H.,
beloved husband of Cora E. Jones, a native
of New York, aged 68 years 11 months and
13 days. . . .
fijr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 229 Jersey street, thence to the hall
of Unity. Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F., corner
Valencia and Sixteenth streets, where ser-
vices will be held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from corner Guerrero and Eighteenth'
streets at 2:30 o'clock.
CLUNE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 2, 1901, James Clune, a native of Nova
Scotia, aged 41 years.
CONNELLY— In this city. April 2. 1901, Frank
Connelly, a native of Clonacilty, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 32 years. •.
CyRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
HAYNES— In Tacoma, Wash., March 26, 1901.
Benjamin W. Haynes Jr., son of Benjamir
Haynes, a native of California, aged 30
years.
rC"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday),- at 12:15 o'clock, from Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, near Market. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. ¦ r
JOHNSON— In this city, April S. 1901, Mary
A., beloved wife of John A. Johnson, and
mother of John Henry; Elizabeth, Ida
Ellenor and Albert Charles Johnson and Mrs.
. George Roux. a native of Dublin, Ireland,
aged 46 years' 9 months and 22 days.
fCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 415 L street, Sunset District. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
BRODRICK— In this city, Anril 2,' 1901, John
T., beloved husband of Julia Brodrick, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 48 years and 25
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from late resi-
dence, 2021 San Antonio avenue. Chestnut-
street station, narrow-gauge, Alameda. Take
11:45 narrow-gauge boat from city. I. O. O.
F. services will be held at chasel. I. O. O.
F. Cemetery, at 3:30 o'clock, under auspices
of Apollo Lodge No. 123; I. O. O. F. Please
omit flowers.
BERGSTRAND— In this city. April 1, 1901,
Josie Nathalia, beloved daughter of John A
and Ida Berestrand. and sister of Magrihlld
C. and Alice G. Bergstrand, a native of San
Francisco, Cal., aged 6 years 4 months and
1 day.
CTFriends are invited to attend the funeral
this, day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her
- late residence, 1S08 Fillmore street, near Sut-
• ter. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by
'electric "car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. •
AVERY— In Alameda, April 2, 1901, Dean R.
Avery, a native of Connecticut, aged 67 years
4 months and 7 days.
[C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April 6, at 9:30. o'clock, from his late resN
dence, 1255 Sixteenth avenue, between H and
I streets, thence to French Church of Notre
Dame des Victoires, where services will be
held, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ASPDEN— In this city, April 2. 1901, Frances
J., beloved wife of George H. Aspden. . and
mother of Elizabeth P. Aspderi, and daughter
of J. P. Brown, and sister of Willis M.
. Brown, a native of Camntonville, Cal, aged
35 years 3 month and 16 days. . .
ACHARD— In Oakland, April 2. 1901, Laura
E. Achard, . beloved wife of the late Charles
Nicholas Achard, and mother of Charles and
William ¦ Achard and Mrs. Laura llsohn, a
native of New Orleans, La., aged 64 years.
AMYOTT— In this city, April — , 1901. Onisime
Charles Amyott, beloved husband of Mrs.' E.
Amyott. a native of Canada, aged -45 years.
Martens, Marcus
William Welch, Catherine- A.
Mahoney,
Achard, Laura E. Mosher, John A.
"Amyott,. Onlalme C. Nlcol, Susan M. G.
Aspden, Frances J. Olney. Emma
Avery, Dean R. Panattoni, Antone
Bergstrand, Josie Perpoli, Agusta
Brodrick, John T. Randolph. Wm. C.
Chine. James Rask, ¦ Nikoline
Connelly, Frank Rebmann, Mary
Haynes, BenJ. W. Jr. Roche, Richard 3.
Johnson, Mary A. Roeszler,
Jones, George H. ' Rueger, John
Kaiser, Hermann Russell, Edward J.
Lewis. John Russell, Mary
Linnane, Henry . Schaefer, Katherine
Luce, Mary E. Souza, Elsie P.
Mclntyre, Daniel i Stanton, Ellen I.'
DIED.
Special Easter fiction num- •
ber of The Sunday Call out '.
next Sunday. Do not miss it. *
Some of the best short story *
writers of the day are among •
its special contributors. '.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 209 Thirtieth street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KT Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from .her la* resi-
dence, 731 Brannan street, .' corner Geneva.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
SOUZA— In this city, April 3, 1901, Elsie Pearl,
dearly beloved husband of Manuel and May
Souza, a native of San Francisco, aeed 2
months and 24 days. .
STANTON— In this city, April 2, 1901, Ellen
¦ Irene, beloved wife of Frank J. Stanton , a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
ICTThe funeral will be held this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1745 Buchanan street, thence to St
Dominic's Church for . services. Interment
private, In' Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
WELCH— In this city, April 2, 1901. Catherine
'Ann Theresa, beloved daughter of Margaret
and the late Michael Welch, and . sister of
John, James, Gallagher, Frances and Sarah
Welch, a native of San Francisco, Cal.
¦ IET Friends Tare respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 1:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 5 Polk
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, April 3, 1901, Mary
Russell, dearly.. beloved and youngest daugh-
ter of David -and. Katherine vRussell, a na-
' tlve of San Francisco, aged 3 years 1 month
and. 13 days. 1 -' " '¦- - • ;
SCHAEFBR— In this city, April 2, 1901,' Kath-
• erine, relict of the late Conrad Schaefer, and
beloved mother' of John, Conrad, William
and Erwin Schaefer. and Mrs. Kate Mc-
Kean, a ! native . of Hochweisel. Germany,
aged 74 years 1 month and 6 days. (Philadel-
phia papers please copy.) .
ICTFriends . and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from residence of parents, 214
. Carl street, ¦ thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, April 2, 1901, Edward
J. Russell, husband of the late .Catherine
¦ Russell,' a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlted-to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2523 Bush street, thence to St Dom-
inic's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROESZLER— In this city, April : 2, 1901, child
of Arthur and Sophie Roeszler of Australia,
a native of California.'
Rask, beloved wife of Emll Rask, mother of
Edwin Rask. and sister of Hans Nielsen, a
native of Denmark, aged 30 years 5 months
and 24 days. "
REBMANN— In South San Francisco, "April 2.
1901, Mary Rebmann, beloved wife of the late
August Rebmann, and dearly-beloved mother
of Mrs. William Harney, a native of County
Meath, Ireland. . (Newport, R. I., papers
please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday); at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. William H. Harney,
1927 Sixteenth avenue south. South San
Francisco. - Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. ...
ROCHE— In this city, April 2, 1901, Richard J.,
beloved son of Harriet and 'the late Richard
J. Roche, and brother of Margaret, ! Eliza-
beth, Agnes and Kathleen Roche, a native of
County Tipperary, . Ireland, aged 24 years.
(n^Frienda . and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
RASK— In this city, April 3, 1901, Nlkoline
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ;
RJJEGER— In Benlcia, Cal., April 2, 1901, John,
beloved husband of Anna Elizabeth Rueger,
a native of Switzerland, aged 84 years 2
months and 23 days. . . : : ;•
street,- San Francisco, at 10:45 o'clock. In-
GTFuneral private at 8:30 o'clock this day
(Thursday), at his late residence, 1449 Filbert
street, Oakland. Friends are requested to
take the electric funeral car, foot of Market
liam C, beloved husband of Sophie Randolph,
and father of Gertrude G. Randolph, a» native
of Vallejo, Cal.; aged 37 years 1 month and 23
ardson, 160 Noe street, this day (Thursday) .
at .1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount • Olivet
Cemetery. - . • ' -
PANATTONI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, April 3, 1901, Antone Panattoni, a native
of Italy, aged 22 years.
PEKPOLI— In this city, April 3. 1901. Agusta
Perpoll, beloved wife of Pracidio Perpoli. a
native of Germany, ¦¦ aged 62 years.
RANDOLPH— In Oakland, Anril 2, 1901, Wil-
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. John Rich-
fETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her. late resi-
' dence, 9 Seymour . avenue. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. . ' :
OLNEY-In this city, April 2, ''. 190L • Emma
Olney, beloved mother of Mrs. John Richard-
son of San Francisco, Mrs. Lydia Blacklock
and Mrs. Edith "Woods . of New Zealand, a
2 native of England, aged 70 years and 15
and 5 day«,
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from 'his late resi-
dence, 1457 Valencia street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth. Interment Cypress
¦Lawn Cemetery, by 3:40 o'clock train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. ..
NICOL—In this city, .April 2, 1901, Susan M.
Gamble, ' beloved wife of James Nicol. and
Bister of Mrs. Roblna' Spraeue. Mrs. Jennie
Brown. Mrs. ' Lottie Graunlau and Harry.
"William and Charle3 Gamble, a native of
Rochester, N. Y., aged 32 years 10 months
tT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at his
late residence. . 2328 Fulton street. Berkeley.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco. :".. , J . ...
MOSHER— In this city, April 3, 1901, John An-
drew^beloved husband of Annette L. Mosher,
'father of Susabel Mosher, and brother of
Frank "W. Mosher, a native of Nova Scotia,
aged SI years and 26 days. (San Jose papers
please copy.) . , .
E7 Friends and acquaintance^ are respect-
fully, invited to - attend- the - funeral this day
. (Thursday), at 2 o' clock, - from the funeral
j. parlors of James Mcllenomey & Son, . 1057
I Mission street, near Seventh. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTENS— In Berkeley, April 1; 1901,' Marcus,
beloved husband of Anna Martens, and
• father of Herman. Carl and Martha Mar-
tens, a native of Holsteln, Germany, aged
62 years 1 month and 20 days. .
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this - city. April 1. 1901. "Wil-
liam, beloved father of "William Mahoney Jr..
a native of County. Cork, Ireland, aged 67
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to f.t.' Mary's Cathedral for; services.
fully" invited ~to- attend the' funeral thia day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
days.
days.
years,
THE BUSINESS
MAN
: TRAVELS WELL jji
HE LEAVES , . \\
SAN FRANCISCO \ \
at 9.oo a:m. ;i|;
\\ AND ARRIVES AT : ¦
§ CHICAGO IN 75 HOURS :i:
» ON THE ;i;
| CALIFORNIA i!
| LIMITED ijj
I SANTA FE I
|CH#.cAg<>-|
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
{Chicago, Union -Pacific
, S-North-lVesiern Line
~r\OWBLE Drarring-7(oom [Sleeping
I I Cars, Buffet^*- miking and Library
!• '•*— ' Cars, with barb.-r. Dicing Qars—
meals a I* carle. Tyailv Tourist Car
Service and Psrsonzlly Conducted Ex-
cursions evtrr week from San Francisco
: at 6 p. m. The best of everything. ; .
n. n. RircftiE
617 Market St.'- \ General Agent Pacific CbaU
Palace JJolel ¦ SA^T FBAXVIsCOJ. J. GROOM, THE COURTROOM '
CLERK CHARGED "WITH NEG
LECT OF DDTT. ¦*~S;*~j
•}• Deeper and deeper in the
?T mire is sinking- Dan J. Sulli
4- van, th« assistant" to. War
£ rant and Bond .Clerk Peery.
•I* Yesterday it was discovered
that Sullivan had forged the
name of either Judge Conlan
v or. Judge Cabaniss to an or
jL. der for.the /withdrawal of bail
J money, and had secured by
4. this means over S600- Frank
••- Marshall, J. R. Brooks and
4! Siirt Alburn, bunko men, had
•$• put up as bail while waiting
% the result of the charges pre
•5^ f erred against them for oper-
IC ating a plate game.
•J« Early . yesterday, morning
J Attorney Mack applied at the
•!• city- treasury for the bail
j£ money that his clients, the
4* bunko men, had put up.~: Mack
.was informed that the money
4* had been paid out on an order
'f of a Police Judge. : ¦ When the
4. attorney heard this he was
4* thunderstruck. Hunting up
l£ his clients he inquired if they
4* had secured the money. They
J told him that they had left the
4* matter in his hands and had
X . not seen either an order or ths
4* money since it -was put up for
bail. v
Sullivan . forged : the . order.
"4^ for the payment of the money
4* and appropriated the f unds
5 for his own use. The bunko
4* men were arrested .two weeks
T ago for; fleecing strangers by
•«• the plate gams. They were
T arrested and charged before
X f Judge Conlan, who fixed their
T bail at $600, which they put
- up and obtained their liberty.
T ¦ Their cases were.' afterward
J transferred to Judge Caban
iss' court.
31 Yesterday Attorney Mack
m asked that as there was no
* I evidence against the bunko
V men th^y be released on
y, their own recognizances.
4/ Judge Cabaniss granted the
request, and the attorney,
4* armed with an order ; of the
J court, applied at . the . city
X treasury for the §600. Mack
T was told that the money, had
JL been paid some time previous
•*• ly on an , order of the court.
Ijl ." The bunko men did not get
,?'¦ the money and Sullivan will'
4! probably have another charge
i^ ' of forgery to face.
name to an indorsement. Evans deposited
the ball March 23 for the release of Ella
Thomas, charged with vagrancy. The case
is still pending and is set for trial for Sat
urday in Judge Conlan's court. :
I -The loose system of transacting business
In the Treasurer's office, the Police Courts
and by the District Attorney's deputies in
the warrant- and bond clerk's office- has
made it easy = for : "grafters" and Sullivan
found no difficulty in getting: the money.
The order was drawn in regular form,
signed by Judge - Conlan and - counter
signed by Clerk Rice. It was indorsed on
the back "J. Evans." Judge Conlan and
Rice both say their signatures were forged
and Expert Kytka pronounces them, for
geries. Evans , swore to the fact that his
name was forged. ¦
Sullivan debonairly admits that he
signed Evans' ¦ name on the back of tho
order,- but says Evans authorized him to
sign it. He says that the signatures of
Judge Conlan and Clerk Rice are genuine.
As to the money, he says it was part if
the $900 which he drew from the treasury
Saturday. $800 of :.whlchhe brought. back
from Colfax wltlvhim. . ¦
s- Nearly; every. Chinaman can ' read but
at) per cent of the women are entirely un
educated.' • /¦•¦-; •
* The.', choicest \ club whiskey Is Jesse - Moore
"AA,Vand in .club life it is In great demand. ,.
-The first of the Thursday." baseball
games will be played 'uis afternoon at
Recreation" Grounds between the San
Francisco and Sacramento teams. The
California League has announced that the
weekday games ¦ will - be : free to ladies
The game will begin:at 3:15 p. ml sharp'
Whalen will.be In the box for Frisco and
Strlcklect^for Sacramento.-
Baseball To-I>ay.
Dr. J. C. Stinson has removed to 533
Sutter sL, cor. Mason. Hours 11 to 12 a.'m
2 to 4 and / to 8 p. m. ; phone Main 1155 •
. Antone Burke, -a ship's carpenter, living
at 1136 San Bruno avenue, has disappeared
and', his wife has aDpl'.ed to oolice head
quarters for assistance in locating- him.
He was employed in Ball's shipyard. Oak
land, and. worked there on March. 25.
Since then he has not been seen or heard
or.- He was a heavy, drinker and- mav be
on a prolonged spree. He ? is 43 . years , of
a&e. of medium size and- ll^ht comp!exio»
and has a sandy mustache.
Eurk« Has , Disappeared.
Last Night of . Spring ,• Exhibition.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art— concert
from 8 till. 10 p. m. Admission 25 cents.
Open daily. ¦ gggugg «
"I - knew.- that Mr. Groom \ had consider
able experience i in , the * Superior .! Court ' as
clerk of • the . different ; departments,- and 1 1
believed him to be thoroughly, reliable." As
far. as the business of the court, was con
cerned he has proved ' himself ( an \ efficient
clerk; " and ¦ I am •- very • much t surprised < to
find : that he ; neglected , to ; ;• turn / in » this
nioney.^?- ¦ • ¦ ¦ , -. • . ¦ :-->;- . .-: -:•
' '.'The •> mistalce might not ; have been dis
covered - but for. my. private i docket.' r It . is
a" private ~< memorandum book,*, in ), which ¦ I
note -down the cases tried before me." V*
-• County • Clerk s Deane, ; when ¦ notified > of
his | subordinate's carelessness; ¦¦ was great
ly surprised -; and', troubled. % He } immedi
ately; came ' down .to :hls : office i and had a
personal s interview < with ; Deputy^ Clerk
Groom . and '. rebuked ; him ; for :¦ his ¦ neglect
• of. duty.-.-.. '¦'¦; ,;•;-. ¦'"" . ** c-"":"- -: ? - ->^— ": i .t
i :."There .-was ;' no • criminal 1 ! intention -Jon
Mr. : Groom' s part, " said Peane,' '/but pure
¦ negligence.".3 Had '• I .*• thought t that t he i in
tended :¦ to s embezzle h, the < money;: I * would
have j discharged - him » instantly.'^;; I w will
take -. the '. matter ; under,? advisement f and
may. punish ;. him • f or ; his ? disobedience.' of
orders. I - have time and; again " instructed
. my; clerks I to turn I the money ;they. receive
for fines over; toithe* City *,Treasurer."s; At
. times ! it 5 is i impossible ; for} them - to ! , do'i so
.until i twofori even| three days I later.t but
this t is : permissible,-^ as ; I ; know; a'- clerk ¦ in
a" Police Court has his hands full of work.
£««-','I | do ¦ not * think 1 1 k will ' discharge & Mr."
Groom,; «* I \ may; simply, change ? him ; to ] zxi
other cou rtroom.'t Ti intend I tol go] down l to"
t the ? Hall - of « Justice £ to-morrow,* morning'
and « personally..? investigate % matters.x*il
have the greatest I confidence in : my clerks
and » believe r they have < my t interests ? at
heart: Mr.' Groom, 1 in my. opinion, was not
'gulltyJ of Jany,« criminal fintent'lvThe; fact
Tlhat * he s turned SS the i money™, overj to v j me
: upon the : discovery j of his mistake Is suf -
; flcien t , to' remove I any. suspicion of .wtom:
doing on hislpart: 1 :^:;"^;^^:^*;,^ ;.r^:;
Court clerk has his hands full.
; For. an I hour, each' morning he Is in a reg
ular hell's hole. He must not only answer
a hundred questions pu t t o h im but [ must
docket tthe ;orders made by the court, look
i af ter ' juries,'? answers, questions * of i attor
ney s ; a n d ; '. newsgatherers : and - yet /do hia
. work - without j making j af mSstake.'^He^is
Fritz Is Surprised.
• Sullivan had a hard day of. It himself.
A , warrant was issued against him -for.
forgery and he ¦ was 'booked on that
charge. In the evening the Grand Jury,
spent three and a half hours investigating
the charges against him. "They. will, re
sume their investigation at 1 o clock this
afternoon, and it is regarded; as. at fore
gone conclusion that when they have fin
ished they will return an indictment of the
slippery handy, man < of the Hall of Jus
tice. ' ¦'. '-' '•'"-.- " * •'¦"-•• ¦¦•.*•- . ' : 1- ' ¦•.
Clerk Groom's trouble arose .from,". the
$50 fine paid to him by J. '-. P.' Doyle on
March 9. Doyle is • a salesman . and was
arrested and fined for malicious mischief.
The fine remained In Groom's pocketuntil
the failure ¦ to return it was i discovered
yesterday, afternoon.' • ¦ • '
: As soon as Judge Fritz learned that his
clerk. was under a cloud he telephoned to
County Clerk Deaner who ¦ is Groom's ) su^
perior, and ; asked him to . send *= him '; an
other . clerk, until : the : matter could ;be ' in
vestigated. >- Deane . said . another.- clerk
would ». report this morning. - ;¦ In ? speaking
of the carelessness of Groom,, Judge. Fritz
last night said:,%grtHH^HB£MBM8H9i
Sullivan Has a Hard Day.
¦Groom hastened to his chief as soon as
he was confronted «with the charge, and
to Deane he acknowledged that he had
received the $50 in question. He had
brought. that amount with him: and lie
paid it over to Deane, .who will; pay it
over to the Treasurer this morning.- .There
is . likely to be more hot-footing of this
character as ' the investigation progresses
and other cases of "forgetfulness" - are
uncovered.- It" will remain for; the G ranii .
Jury to take cognizance ; of these . Irregu
larities and decide whether or not'indict
ments shall; be returned. ';'
. Similar, instances of neglect on the part
of Clerk -Rice of Judge Conlan's' ! court
were brought to light, only In Rice s case
he always remembered after q." few days
—six. in the most flagrant ' instance— to
pay over the money paid him fromi fines
to Chief Deputy Clerk Goddard.by.whom
it ' was deposited in the treasury. -
fc-ji^HE scandal in which the for
j I '¦.-. geries and peculations of "Dan"
I Sullivan have involved the Police
Jl Courts, is spreading. . One of the
sensational developments of yes
terday aside from the fresh evidence of
forgery by Sullivan by which he obtained
the $600 put up by bunko men was the dis
covery that J. J. Groom, clerk of Depart
ment 3, over which Judge Fritz presides,
had received a §p0 fine money March 9 and
had made no return of it. Judge Fritz
promptly demanded of County Clerk
Deane that he transfer Groom and send
another clerk to his department.; Deane
promised* to do so,,. and he and. Groom
spent much of the evening attempting to
demonstrate that the failure to make ¦ a
return of the money was due to careless
ness alone.
not- infallible, but a good clerk who pays
particular attention to his duties will do
his work without many errors. I regret
that this matter has been heralded .by the
press. The fact that one man is a scoun
drel does r not signify that every one else
is like. him. .-¦¦
"Groom has proved himself a good clerk
j Rice « acknowledges j that • he ':¦ has : often
teld -, fine I money, for.' several - days and h 3
ays ithat . all * the; Police ! Court { clerks are
:otnpelled,to violate the; ietter of the law
d > that i respect'^aMaHBlnn^
"The warrant f or li'Dan'i Sullivan's arrest
or forgery.was issued from Judge Caban
ssM court i on f complaint k sworn i to jbyjrJ.'
Svans," a saloon-keeper at 1 116 Eddy street:
Ivans alleges that Sull< van drew from the
Measurer's office^J2S0 'ball - money on on
irderi for •withdrawal,'; bavins • forged ' his
-. ThelGrand; Jury sat" till 11 o'clock last
night on ; the'. Sullivan forgeries and will
continue its ' work* this afternoon. All r of
the ': Police ¦' Judges* and -are isub
penaed, i and >; in r : addition Captain ; Sey
mour, . Bond and Warrant Clerk Peery
and > Deputies > Reis and • Perkins ; from the
Treasurer's- office. District. Attorney By
ington was present. The inquiry. was di
rected : solelv at '. the genuineness of the
signatures. Peery, ¦; Judge : Cabaniss, Clerk
Fenton. -Judge - Conlan , and - Clerk Rice
"were before the jury. Each of * the Judges
and ; clerks testified .- that certain . signa
tures; on •¦ orders were forgeries. The
Evans order ' and the ; Chin Suey . order,
each -for; $250, were given -most attention."
1 h Expert "Cyril "Williams was < busy, to-day
examining books : from : the < police courts,
the « bond . and clerk's • office and
the Treasurer's office.' ; Comparisons must
be made and each Item traced through' its
various •". stages. , -The 'work will require
weeks for its completion;; and, not until; it
is finished will it be known into how much
of a , muddle the \ police - courts J have ' been
plunged .< by ,< the • remarkable system ; now
in vogue, , nor how. much ; criminality lies
behind -the; glaring - irregularities ¦' which
are patent upon the most cursory lnvesti
gatlon. UHK^JiHHB^tt|BMH|
vjKytka] Examines 'the Orders.
;.' Expert Kytka spent the day. at the
.Treasurer's - office ' going . over \ the ' orders
for. withdrawal 'of . bail ¦ money, ¦ to compare
the] signatures (with \ signatures \ knowj*-. to
be ' genuine.' ¦;, He", found : a. very.- large cum
; ber, > which / ho ; does I not / hesitate to '• pro
nounce' 1 forgeries,' ; ; : '.Th,ese. go back months
past.' : -t How; much ; money,! loss ; to i bail * de-*
posltors j is * Involved/ must i be rdetermlned
of ; course , by ¦ the bookkeeping experts and
by I detectives. . : •. : ,:. ¦ v : £ V / . ;
i'One of Kytka's* discoveries is made light
of : by .'Judge i.' Fritz.-.; The : expert pro
nounced'the : signature of "Judge Fritz on^
an * orders for / $250 1 bail*" money r deposited
by L.: F.^ Curnier to be ¦ a forgery; ;--- Judge
Fritz remembers i distinctly^ having: signed
the ?. order.?: 1 He 'h says : Gallagher,
was the real depositor of the ball and that
he i became < frightened •; and > had : : Curnier -
taken into custody, and- asked 'that the -
bail^be ; exonerated, which : was done. No "
one fBaysu Gallagher, failed >¦-, to ;'get -.his
money. •; ; However, the • order ¦¦ was ; made " :
out* payable "¦ to ' Curnier i and « yet v not s his
Indorsement J ,but I D.T J. ¦ Sullivan's -'appears
on i the I bac£ ; of % It. r** Cashier .5 Reis of the
Treasurer's >" office ; accepted .the ; paper * in
,that form,* whether the signatures of clerk
and; Judge be genuine i or. forged.'--.- ; - , t
-,,-¦-¦ County £ Clerk t Deane < gave * orders J . yea
terday mopiins ? to t his 5 depuUes > assigned
'-toithesPoUceiCourts',that^inifutureithev
must ? make j no ',' entries i In •„ the »' books > o"f
record I of > bail.-, money .1 and ; ordered * them
to i return > those .books > to '. the 4 bond ; and
;. warrants: clerk's i; office. ~-\ In ," consequence
, all>bail?,money4was5 tied ;up ¦ for the | day.
The four; Police Judges held I a conference
fat ! noon ¦ and ¦ asked - District Attorney > By
iingtontthat Clerk -Peery ibei instructed to
attend ;to filling out the orders for witn
drawal«ofi.bail money/ to .be, signed by
i them.ff,The ] confusion | as | tolwho shall I fill
; out .these orders ' arises from", the fact that
i the i charter. a. -which fc prescribes % caref ully
how bail s money s is I. to 5 be put i into the
( treasury,*S; neglects ? to; say by^what 1 sort
of { red > tape it may be taken- out. In con
sequence ; it I has I been ? found ' necessary .* to"
, follow : the /State a law. & says - that
such orders. must be signed by the Judtre
and ; countersigned > by; the > rl r rlmBhTlfBUff
A'ObmmontPractlceJHH *
Grand Jury Begins Work.
. "I want . to , say there i will be nobody
shielded in this matter," She said; "I will
rot attempt to conceal anything that has
happened in my courtroom. I wish to say
that the deputies of the County Clerk
and . the warrant clerks are entirely ,for
eign to my jurisdiction so far as bail or
orders are ' concerned. I .went -over the
books of Clerk' Rice to-day and the only
discrepancy I could find, if it can.be called
such, was the fact that if a man was
fined . $20 v on ¦ the 21st of the month the
money was sometimes not turned into the
treasury until two days later. Outside of
that I could not find absolutely anything
against Rice. . ~-J ;hfti H!IWBW«WqP»BI * —
- , The proceeding was Irregular from first
to, last and Sullivan can give no explana
tion which -¦ puts ¦ it in : any better light
Apparently.it is a plain case against him,
and proof i of > the , charge - of . forgery, ¦ so
the - police believe, .will ;¦; be . such as to
make conviction certain.
"The bulk of business in the Police
Court is so great n the morning that
necessarily something will be neglected.
In addition to the regular routine of busi
ness, . which is , enormous, the additional
work imposed by handling fine money
would naturally result in some delays In
turning- |n reports.
"In this particular .case, that of J. P.
Doyle, who was fined $50 -for malicious
mischief, the matter was simply , passed
over in the hurry of business. It was no
intention on my part to defraud the city.
That was evident by my entry in the book
and by the subsequent deposit of the sum
with County Clerk Deane. \ ¦> ¦
"There is no criminal intentipn upon the ¦
part of a clerk because he delays in mak- •
ing his returns. The stress of business '
Is so great that he is compelled to hold
the money for two days . and sometimes
three days before he can make a return.
I have acted as clerk of the Police Court
for the last two years and have always
endeavored to accuit myself to the best
of my ability. I am- also' proud to say
that-thK is the first time that such an
error was recorded against me."
Judge Conlan was very much in earnest
last evening when discussing the scandals
in the Police Court.
¦. Groom in explaining his mistake in not
turning over the money received from
Doyle said : .
Clerk Groom Explains.
and I have always placed Implicit reliance
on him." „
DENMAN'S SON
ASKS BIG FEE
Legal Advice for the Board
of Education Comes
Rather High.
?
The presentation of a demand for $1000 j
for legal services by Attorney "William
Denman, son of School Director Denman,
almost threw the members of the Board
of Education into a fit at yesterday's
meeting:. It had been frequently stated
that Denman Jr. did not want any, fee
for his labor in defending the two small
suits of Inspector of Repairs Wellin and
Deputy Superintendent Kingsbury, but
would be satisfied with the advertisement
in connection with the cases. The board
was disinclined to pay Denman, but in
order not to be accused of hasty, action
took the matter under. advisement on mo
tion of the young attorney's .father.
The deadlock over the selection of a
principal for the Cooper Primary School
remained unbroken. Five more ballots
were taken, resulting in Mark and Cas
serly voting for Miss Nora Sullivan and
Kincaid and Denman for Miss Smith.
The school lot at Twentieth and Ken
tucky streets was ordered to be leased for
twenty years, and bids will be . invited
therefor.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
E. Levingston, W. T. Plunkett and Miss
Margaret Bailie.
Arthur O'Keefe and W. W. Bausman
were appointed census marshals. .
The communication from the civic sec
tion of the California Club, calling atten
tion to Its plan of forming a league of
good citizenship among the children of
the public schools and asking the board's
co-operation, was taken under advise
ment- . -
Superintendent "Webster filed his month
ly report of the condition of schools vis
ited by. his deputies. He requests the
board to act on a suggestion made in the
Douglass- Primary School as to the ad
visability of having a rule that all pupils
deeirhig to enter the receiving class later
than six weeks after the beginning oft the
term be excluded until next term. *
The Superintendent also reminded the
board that the streets in front of certain
schools. are extremely noisy, being paved
with cobbles. Webster suggested that
bitumen be substituted. . . . .
FIRST OF THREE
PILGRIM FEASTS
Jewish Passover to Be
Celebrated for Next
Seven Days.
SULLIVAN GETS BUNKO MEN'S BAIL
MONEY BY FORGING SIGNATURES
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1901.
12
• rt "''¦' " -
With sunset of last evening beean th«
Jewish feast of the Passover, the flrsi
of the three great "Pilgrim feasts" of the
Jewish year. In the reformed congrega
tions It will end at sunset of Wednesday
next; in the orthodox congregations it wil!
last one day longer.
The feast of the Passover is agricul
tural .as- well as religious in character
and It is symbolical of -many things, but
principally of the - deliverance of the
Israelites from Egypt and of the • death
of winter in the. birth. of spring.
As. a religious feast it especially em
phasizes the doctrine and principle ol
liberty, while commemorating the release
of the Israelites from - the bondage of
Egypt. In the orthodox congregations the
first two and last two' days are devoted
to services; In the reformed congregatlohs
the flrstand last days are so observed.
During the week ¦ unleavened . bread .only
is eaten in lieu of other things made of
flour, and there are a great many rules
regarding the service of meals and the
preparation of the dishes. It is a time
of rejoicing and nothing in the services
or the observances are incompatible with
this character of the celebration.
Services commenced in all the syna
pogues last evening. They were short
and simple, however, and were in char
acter, preliminary to the more serious and
important services which will be held this
morning. At the - services of this-morn
ing the full ritual of the feast of the
Passover will' be gone through. It is an
elaborate and impressive ceremony. This
will end the first cervices for the reformed
oongregations, but in the orthodox ones
there will be similar services to-night and
to-morrow morning. Then' ther«'-will be
the usual Sabbath services on Saturday,
and on Tuesday evening and Wednesday
morning, the services of last evening and
this morning will be repeated. • The . feast
•will end then 'for the reformed .congrega
tions and the orthodox congregations will
repeat the services again on Wednesday
evening and on Thursday morning, and at
sunset on Thursday the feast will end for
them. There will also be domestic ser
vices in: the 'houses, which are conducted
by the heads of families. ¦ *¦¦ '¦-':-.¦
In,- addition to its religious character,
the agricultural character of the feast is
typical of the opening "of spring. In
Biblical days there were certain feats
which it was necessary '. to observe ' by
making a- pUgrimage to Jerusalem and
there make certain offerings : appropriate
*o the time and season. The first of these
¦wbs the Passover.' held In 'the opening of
spring. "The -offering was a measure* of
parched corn. : The Hebrew records re
late" how- the '.Israelites, after leaving
Egypt, .^wttled; in a country where* they
lived off -th«/"products of; the" soil. It was
In ~ the; "spring 'and the wheat -was just
ripening.;" and this --they parched and
ground and : made into unleavened bread.
This is why the. offering is a, measure of
parched com- s.nd that /only unleavened
bread ts eaten during the Passover. '•¦-•¦¦
Pentecost *was the summer harvest feast
and lyplfied'tKe ripening of the wheat and
th«" glories of .summer.- The offering at
Pentecost .'was; two "loaves of the finest
flour." . «$¦- • ; . i , - •.•¦.-.¦
The feast of < the Tabernacles .' was the
third season feasts. It typified the*
autumn harvest of .fruit and T wine. The
offering was fruits <and -wines and oil." This
waE also • the , feast E at which • the"- tithes
were paid.- . ¦"..* = \ ' --"-
All : these • offerings i had to : be made iri
Jerusalem, and the . pilgrimages ;. made
necessary by, this law. 1 gave ..them the
name of; the- "rilgrinr!! feasts.. They are
all • Important religious' feasts as ; well. , for
their harvest'- 'character - - has .• - : become
wholly symbolical, and -has given place to
the. » forms' ei< the services 'in" the
synagogues.- - - . • . . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMEHTS.
?IS UPON US.
¦¦:. For the; next i few days ' we Intend to do*
the biggest business . In our , history— to . da
' this we are offering extraordinary induce-,
merits . in the I many lines that Easter - and
¦ the "Spring of the year demand. Included
'In this week* s specials are. CHILDREN'S
CONFIRMATION DRESSES, WOMEN'S
WAISTS, MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, 1 CHIL-
DREN'S HATS and BONNETS, RIB-
BONS- and LACES. ¦-¦'.*¦; v
. . To-day we have • on sale CHILDREN' S
CONFIRMATION DRESSES, made of , fine
lLawn,- neatly, trimmed, with -Valenciennes
Lace and Insertion,.: all * sizes; sold else-
where . $3 50. '.' Our price, '
$2.00.
' Better quality ¦ at proportionately low
prices. . - . ¦ . .
WOMEN'S WAISTS.
of - good ' White Lawn, .tucked 'front and'
back and trimmed with three rows of fine
. Lawn . Insertion ; - sold ¦ regular $1 50.' ¦ Sale
price, •»
:;;98c./ ¦
l Waists made of Pink or Blue best quality
¦Lawn,' with. Bolero * Jacket ¦, of* White
- Pique, Sailor Collar, made up' In the new
Kangaroo and blouse effect; .worth $2 50.
Our price,' •'•'. • :-.-'• ' • ; J .
VWehave specially made for Easter Dress
' -Waists 'made.- of ¦ flne-srade White Or-
gandy,- elegantly .. trimmed with, fine .Va-
. ' lenclennes Laces. •"; On , sale . •;
i From $2;5O tb $5.v
WHITE£SKIRTS;
; Made •' of t good ', Cambric,' : cut ' extra , wide, '
Ruffle' tucked and ¦ trimmed*- with';, wide,
- : Torchon . Lace ' and Insertion: • also - some '
¦ '¦ trimmed -with - very wide ? Embroidery;
'- 6old ¦ elsewhere ¦ f 1' 60. Our.- price, ', . -
'-'-,''. 9Sc.y\: : -¦\:" ; i
my white waists.
; Made 'of T best < Lawn, It with ~" large > Sailor
. collar, trimmed • with I fine .Nainsook . Em-
' _ broidery " and - Insertion; sold elsewhere
' ,%\ 60. Special,'- ' ¦" 7 . ' ¦ - *'A
. 95c. ' . } :
CHILORE^EASTERHATSB
ANDfBOpETSrB >:
"We're ' showing high-grade !;* novelties - In,
h " this i departmentr-iyTou'll ' marvel •- at : the
; • many exquisite -styles .we're offering, at <'
;'50c;;; ; .75c, $1 , ''.« I'iSO.-
RIBBON SPECIAL
; Here's one' you'll remember. No.. , SOr-PIaln
v-.i Taffeta 7 all-silk i Ribbon s in '.- all i th. •- new
, shades ; 20c : quality. • < On : rale at > . .
: ¦ AZ&cYariL
-. Our '¦ Lace , and • Embroidery i Counter, are
flooaedwith 6c, 8,l-3c and XOe values—
- many - worth ' double. >T : ¦ . • ' ' rtJSSaOi
MARKET ST^
.-¦'.: . .Between: Taylor and' Jones., ...';.'
- ¦--¦¦' ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦'.''-' . . ¦* ¦'*..
SPECIAL SALEI
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATUfiDAY
. Our new catalogue im fact oat and
quite interesting. Sent free to any
address.
Hams, per lb . . . . . .13e
Finest 8usar-cared Eastern Ham*.
San Jose Jellies, glass. .10c
• Currant, Quince, Cr&bappla and Raspberry.
- Made from selected fruit*.
. Regularly 15c . '
Anker's Bouillon Sr. box 25c
., Pure Extract of Beef.
Regularly 30c
Creole Rice ..... -.ggMP 28,
A > beautiful whola . rlc*.
Choicest obtainable.
Rerularly Z3c and 50c .'
Preseryed Ginger, pot 35c
. Regularly BOc.
Cleaned Currants, lJ % p £* ig
. S. - & W.\ brand— best In the, . market.
¦ Regularly 20c a pkg.
Olives, Far cies, bot. . . .20c
' OliTes stuffed with anchbviea. '
Regularly. 25c. : ;-¦: /.
Whiskey, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
5 \ Gallon $3.00
E. - C. . Berry • celebrated brand of Ken-
- tucky. Bourbon, e* ; -
Regularly $1 and ti.
Key West tigars, v^p O tac! O n"
¦ Rothschild 'size, .4. .for, 25c; box of 60, IX v :
A moat satisfying smoke. *£*SMi*BJBni
. Regularly S^forJSc^andJSjBO & box.
39 ; STOCKTON ST., near Market
TELEPHONE -NEVER -. "BCST."
Cf3tfsarJ/itU&9t-&p'm&y--: ? ? ¦
MlMsUipS!
Cherry: ; three : pieces; . sUk - . .
, damask;-' silk.' or . murllla .
. velour; high polish; etegant . -
d e s 1 k n s: latest eflfecta. ]
,; Prices 'lower: than! the to'w-^^
" ¦' i « .eat, tor we have no rent to " 'J <
pay," and' give = our 'custo-
mers the; benefit. j
THE J.ISOOISlAN
FURNiTUREXOMPANY.^Inc.
IOI7-I023;MISSION STREET.
Above 6thi* Saif rraneisciy
Weekly. Call, $1V > per fear
ALL GOODS MUST BE SOLD,
By Order of the Trustee.
Sale Commences 9 a. m,
FRIDAY, ADril 5th.
7 . .. i
Ei^rliBEB snE PLAGE:
EalaSBaBIM Uklfi I Ilia I laliVBs
Always the Cheapest,
915 MARKET STREET,
, ' Opposite Mason,
Moved from Los Angeles.
OF'*
MEN'S AND BOYS' CL0T1C
AND HATS,
Of Montgomery Street, San Francisco.
OP
GENTS' FURNISHING GOODS
¦ -
AI)VEBTISEi.E2JTS. .
5^** C/iatnless. $60 Racer .... $SO m&s
-.,/fM Xighi Roadster. $40 Roadster. .$35 BS
t 1^^ :,.' . J% Comp/ete jCt'ne.
Intermtiora!
Appreciation
|ri|s dcrriorwtr&tcd in the con-
[m staAtly increasing demand
for IKein every vvKcre . ;
\ ;B0Tri!C0NTINENT5-
UNITED
in;matteria.l'praJie i <?f a 5ORQSI5 -
¦ ¦ ? i^^the worfdi' best shoe for • -,
wdmerv^BHBBHHBBBHHiH
_ MADE. IN -SO *SrY££5: 3/fO£J JfND -¦-.
i XQXFOROS-yIN AIL UATMCRS
'{4 I>6rVt ash fbr your size :
S P SJ5econd5hoe,Stbre.ftx>mAAarkct\Strect.
DR.MCNUiife
IfpHraWKUt-KKOWlTANDRRLIABLB OLD
SJ." Specialist mre* Blood Poison, Gonorrhcen, Gleet,
f 6 trie tore. SemliuU W««knesn, Im potencf and their
I allied Disorders.* Book cmXHaeasea of Men. fre«.'
,i Oy«TJDyeare>ipeiience.Ternui reasonable. Hoars,
•I 9 W3d*Ily ;8:30to8. aOev'gs. Handays. 10 to 12. Consnl-
gt&tionfree and sacredly eoafldentU. Call o;addre»j
; > P. BOSCOE MeNULTSV H. D.
»«Ji KearBySUjSaaFninelK^CW
vV-." .;and the prettiest^ assortment in tqwnMt
! .i K .; 'iSiaidelight'to^lbokat our window dis- V-^iiy)
?>--'' ' pla\v/for {Kere^are.-tlie; goods "fromitHe'~, ' '- >^ ()
ADVERTISEMENTS.