VOLUME XCL-NO 13.
UNITED STATES NOW ST RIVING TO PREVENT
THREATENED HOSTILITIES IN SOUTH AMERICA
"MAMMY" PLEASANT LAYS CLAIM
TO REAL ESTATE AND JEWELS
OWNED BY MRS. TERESA BELL
Attorney Frank M. Stone and Humorist Sam Davis of Carson City
Threaten to Bring* Sensational Suits Against Widow of Late
Capitalist and to Sue the' Donohoe-Keliy Banking Company
MAMMY" PLEASANT, or Mary
E. Pleasant, as she is legally
known, . is once more to be'
dragged into the light of day in
connection with the estate of
the late Thomas BelL
•Attorney Frank Stone of this city
tnd Sam Davis, the Carson City humor
ist, are threatening all kinds of law suits
aealriEt the estate of Thomas Bell and
the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company on
behalf cf the aged colored woman who'
has been in the public eye for these many
years' past.
Lawyers, as a rule, do not reveal their
plans around newspaper offices, but
Stone and Davis were busily engaged yes
terday iu . telling "exclusive" etories to
representatives of the morning newspa
pers as to the suits they would bring for
Mrs. Pleasant to recover property worth
more than $300,000. The Call received an
"exclusive" story at the same time the
other newspapers did.
While the lawyer and the humorist were
engaged yesterday in drawing up some
legal papers asking Judge Troutt to re
move George R. Eaton as assignee of the
estate of Mrs. Pleasant, so that a friend
ly assignee might file tfie threatened suits
In law, statements were made by Stone
that the papers would show that a promi
nent lawyer and politician in this city
•would be agnsed of stealing diamonds be
longing to Mrs. Pleasant valued at more
than $100,000.
The amount of mystery that surround
ed the work of the lawyer and humorist
■was denser thati the heavy fog that hung
over the bay a few days ago. They would
give all kinds of hints as. to what they
intended to do, but when asked for ex
planations became silent.
Desire a Friendly Assignee.
The petition filed yesterday by • Stone
for the removal of Eaton as assignee of
Mrs. Pleasant's estate was made return
able next Monday by Judge Troutt. It is
not thought, however, that Eaton will be
removed from his position on the mtr*
•Jleratlocs contained In the petition.
The San Francisco Call.
COLORED WOMAN WHO SEEKS TO OBTAIN PROPERTY VALUED AT
$500,000. AND THOMAS BELL'S WIDOW, WHO 31 AY BE MADE DE
FENDANT IN THE ACTION THAT IS THREATENED.
Sam Davis came down from Carson City
some time ago and has held many con
sultations with Attorney Stone and
"Mammy" Pleasant. The result of the
"councils of war" Is that the aged negress
claims, through Davis and Stone, that
she owns all the property in this city,
Sonoma County and Oakland which
stand3 recorded in the name of Mrs.
Teresa Bell, the widow of Thomas Bell,
who for many years employed "Mammy"
Pleasant as housekeeper. ,'
The business relations existing between
"Mammy" Pleasant and j Mr. and j Mrs.
Bell are well known in this community.
Mrs. Bell allowed her . colored house
keeper to attend to all her affairs, and in
this way large sums of money passed
through the hands of Mrs. Pleasant.
Stone exhibited a lot of old checks
yesterday, which he says will go to prove
that "Mammy" Pleasant had # for years
purchased real estate and Jewels and that
she was very wealthy long before she be
came the servant of Mr. and • Mrs. ■ Bell.
It is well known that. Thomas Bell gave,
his wife very valuable diamonds, and
some years ago, when in the throes of
litigation, Mrs. Bell had the jewels de
posited with the I>pnohoe-Kelly Banking
Company in the name of Mrs. Pleasant.
On an order signed by Mrs. Pleasant the
jewels were delivered to Mrs. Bell by the
bank. >*:/'";-''■
"Mammy" Pleasant did not make any
statement yesterday that - thesa jewels
SAN FRANCISCP, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1901.
ever were . her personal property. The
presumptuous claim was made by Stone
and Davis, and it is not likely that these
worthies will ever come into court to
substantiate the assertion that a promi
nent lawyer and politician stole the gems
from the bank. \
Those who know the characteristics of
"Mammy" Pleasant readily realize that
the lates| move she Is making, with the
aid of Stone and Davis, savors of the
Impenetrable mystery that surrounded
the,"house of. mystery," which "Mammy"
Is claiming.
Mrs. Bell Eidicules Claims.
When Mrs. Teresa Bell was seen last
evening and told of the claims made on
"Mammy" Pleasant's behalf by Stone
and Davis she said:
I don't think that "Mammy" Pleasant will
ever dare to come Into court and swear to such
claims. If . she dees I will prove that every
dollar she has had in the past* thirty years she
received from Mr. Bell and myself. ■ She never
had a dollar to her name before she entered
my employ.
It is really amusing to hear of such absurd
claims as these men are making- for "Mam
my" Pleasant. But I really have not the time
to waste on such fairy tales.' ■" ■ ■ j
Attorney Blakeman, who represents
the Interests of Mrs. Bell, said last night:
I don't believe that any such suits will ever
be filed for Mrs. Pleasant. : I don't care to dls-
Continued on Page Two.
OFFERS ITS
GOOD OFFICES
TO REPUBLICS
Chile Ready to Accept,
but Argentina Re
fuses Intervention. .
Representatives of Eotk Na
- tions Profess to Be in e
Hopeful Mood.
Nevertheless the Santiago Govern
' ment Fears a Conflict, and Seeks
to Buy Warships in This
Country.
/ • Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU.. 1406 O STREET, N.
W.; WASHINGTON, Dec' 12.— Chile hasu
formally expressed to the United States
her willingness that this Government
should use its good offices to maintain
pea:e in South America.'
Secretary Hay has cabled Minister Lord
at -Buenos Ayres, directing him to ac-
QUaint the Argentine Government, .-with
Chile's attitude and to say that under the
policy uniformly pursued by the United
States, it never tenders an offer of medi
ation unless assured in advance tnat j it
will be accepted. \
There is authority, for the statement
that Argentine will decline to permit the
intervention of the United States.
This briefly is the diplomatic situation
so far as the United States is concerned.
As to the condition of affairs at this
moment between Argentine and Chile
Senor Garcia Merou, the Argentine Minis
ter here, has received this dispatch from
the Minister for Foreign Affairs at Buenos
Ayres:
Argentine Is Hopeful.
■"•"At the present moment there is no.
reason for alarm. Argentine hopes that
the Government, of Chile will accept the
just claims made by the Argentine re
public in the matter of the construction
by Chile of roads in territory submitted
to arbitration.- Argentine thinks' thafthe
actual spirit of Chile is as it ought to be,
friendly and conciliatory."
Whether peace shall be preserved or
war declared will depend upon a confer
ence which- will - be ■• held to-morrow in
Santiago by the Chilean Minister for For
eign Affairs and the Argentine Minister.
The latter has been fully advised of the
attitutde of Argentine. She proposes to
obtain from Chile a full explanation and
strong assurances that the construction
of roads shall not continue, or it is, said
she will Withdraw her Minister. This
would be a rupture of diplomatic rela
tions and would greatly lessen the
chances of an amicable settlement
Merou insists that Argentine, is : fully
justified in observing the attitude she has
adopted/ but he is confident that there
will be an amicable outcome.
Infante, Chilean Charge d' Affaires, like
wise believes that • the peace of South
America will not be broken, and . he re
gards Chile's announcement that she will
willingly accept the good offices of the
United States as a complete refutation of
the. charge that Chile is endeavoring to
provoke war and is acting aggressively
toward her neighbor.
Efforts to Preserve Peace.
Every effort consistent with American
dignity will be made by Secretary Hay to
preserve the peace. It was in accordance
with instructions made to him that Minis
ter Wilson approached Chile, and it was
in response to this suggestion that the
Chilean Government indicated a willing
ness to accept the good offices of the
United States. :
Argentine has not replied to the inti
mation'made through Minister Lord that
this Government is prepared to mediate
if both parties to' the dispute ask it. It
will be something of a surprise to the
administration to learn that Argentine is
not disposed to permit the intervention
of this or any other country. Argentine
holds that the dispute between herself
and _Chile is easy of adjustment . if ap
proached In a proper spirit, and she sees
no reason for foreign intervention. ■ Chile
is absolutely , without a friend in South
America, while Bolivia and Peru are pre
pared to lend military and Uruguay and
Paraguay their moral support to Argen
tine
Chile Seeking Warships.
Although she is reported to be making
the effort, Chile will not be allowed to
purchase American warships' now in the
possession of the Government or under
construction at private shipyards.
Information ' reached . the Navy Depart
ment to-day indicating that Chile was"
endeavoring j to increase her fleet by so
curing warships in this country. No pro
posal has been made to Secretary Long
by the Chilean Government or any Chi
lean, agent. If it were, it .would be re
jected. ThelUnited States has no inten
tion of .selling any of its vessels or of
aiding v one South American republic In
preparing for a conflict with another. It
was polnted'out to-night that if this Gov
ernment ,were to sell a warship to Chile
or were to [even permit a contractor who
is building warships for the United States
to dispose of vessels "to. the Santiago pov
ernment; Argentine would; draw the nat
ural inference that the Ujiited States was
supporting her enemy. 'This would be an
unfortunate impression to create,' and one
which would seriously affect the' future
CASHIER FLEISHMAN SPEEDS
ON A TRAIN FROM EL PASO
TO A SEAPORT CITY OF MEXICO
Los Angeles Acquaintance of the Absconder Meets Him South of the
i Line and Texas Brokers .Identify His Photograph as That of
the Person to Whom They Had Sold a Railroad Ticket
EL PASO, Texas, Dec. 12.— It is now
certain that H.J. : Fleishman, the
absconding Los Angeles bank
cashier, passed through this city
and took the southbound Mexican
Central train for the coast. Conclusive
evidence ■ of this fact was ' furnished to
day by David M. Shanks, an old friend of
Fleishman. Shanks staged to the police
authorities- that he met the absconder at
one of the small stations, south of this
city, shook hands with him and spoke to
him for a brief time.
Shanks is a prominent citizen of Los
Angeles. , He has known the cashier for
years and the two have. had many busi
ness dealings with each other. The meet
ing was purely accidental and Fleishman
upon seeing Shanks made a pretense of
not recognizing him, but upon the latter's
coming to him with hand outstretched the
defaulting bank official grasped the prof
fered hand and chatted with his ac
quaintance until the northbound . train
pulled out. s
No ■ Mention of Crime.
Shanks was in total ignorance that
Fleishman had gotten av/ay with the
enormous sum from the Farmers'' arid
Merchants' Bank and no reference what
ever was made to the subject. . While the
two trains were waiting the time was
spent iu conversation. from which Shanks?
gleaned that everything was not as it
should be, and so stated upon joining ,tois
wife in the Pullman.
His suspicions be'ing aroused, the first
thing he did upon reaching El Paso was
to secure a copy of the Los Angeles
papers and for the first' time he learned
that Fleishman had absconded and that
he was being soaght by authorities all
over the United States. -, "Yes," sa'd
Shanks to-day, "I saw Fleishman no later
than day before yesterday. There .is no
question as' to my being mistaken, as I
have known the 'cashier for many years
and we- were on intimate terms. I hap
pened to meet him because of a small
wreck " below Tor reon, where the. two
trains were delayed, at a way station. I
was ,very much surprised to see him; In.
Mexico. At first' he did not wish to recog
nize me and attempted to overlook me en-
standing of the Lrnited States in South
American' affairs. Should it develop that
a contractor who is constructing Ameri
can war vessels is negotiating with Chile
for the sale of ships, he, has under, con
struction, the United States will undoubt
edly obtain an Injunction , from a court
having jurisdiction and thus prevent the
sale.
An Alliance With Colombia.
COLON, Dec. 12.— General Foliaco; a Co
lombian Government officer, says that ac-
ACQUAINTANCE OF THE FOR
MER CASHIER OF FARMERS'
AND MERCHANTS' BANK. 3
tirely, but when I approached and he
out my hand and spoke he responded.
Says He Is Tired.
• "I asked what he was doing In. Mexico
and he replied he was tired out and
broken down tend was simply taking a
vacation. He further said that he was
going to Guadalajara, where he would
join some friends in the mining business
and perhaps be absent from California for
quite a while. He did not seem* to be in
the least disconcerted, although I sus
pected that there was something wrong.
"One thing that led me to believe that
everything was not right was on .account
of one remark he made. When we shook
hands upon parting he remarked:
" 'If you see any. of my friends in Cali
fornia, don't say that you saw me.'
"He was well dressed, but evidently had
not had a shave for a number of days,
as his beard was quite long. As soon as
I could get one, I bought a Los Angeles
paper and then for the first time found
out the truth of the situation."
Abe and Bob Silberberg,, ticket broker3
cording to the latest news he has received
Chile . and Colombia have ' signed a treaty
of alliance. •' v
VALPARAISO, Chile. Dec. 12.— The first
symptom at the present juncture of a.
possible awakening of warlike excitement
among the Chilean public is the announce
ment that a mass meeting of .working
people, is to be held a f t Santiago Decem
ber 15 to express approval of the. action
of the Government in dealing with the
Argentine . question. Even this, apparent-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and diamond merchants, both fully Iden
tified Fleishman's picture to-day as that
of the man who purchased a lot of Mex
ican money and a railway ticket from
them Sunday morning. Robert Sllber
berg waited on the customer.
When he came' in Fleishman asked to
be given Mexican money for $400 in United
States currency. He did not ask the price
of silver nor dicker over the trade at all,
but seemed anxious to arrange for his
trip Into Mexico with as little loss of
time as possible. He told Silberberg that
he was going to the seaport town of Maz
atlan and asked the- best route to be
taken. It was inferred that he intended
to embark on a steamer at Mazatlan for
a South American port.
"I told him," said Silberberg, "to go
to Guadalajara and thence to Tepee, from
which place he could go overland to Maz
atlan. I suggested to him that I could
sell him a scalper's ticket to Guadalajara
in the name of W. T. Meyers. He seemed
pleased at the. idea that he could travel
under an assumed name and bought the
ticket without hesitation. Twenty min
utes later he must have taken the south
bound Mexican Central train." .
FRIENDS ABE BELIEVED.
News of the Bank Cashier's Where
abouts Ends Their Annoyances.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12.— Definite in
formation of Fleishman's whereabouts",
received from El Paso, ha* rather dis
couraged those ' detectives who Insisted
that the absconder was still in hiding in
this city. But It has also brought relief
to certain of Fleishman's friends, who
have been subjected to no end of annoy
ance by having their apartments searched
at the most inopportune hours by detec
tives In the hope of finding the cashier
hid ien away.
Among these Is Mrs. Cunningham, the
"beauty doctor," who, despite her re
peated assertions that she knew nothing
whatever of Fleishman's movements since
last Friday, has been called upon many
times to tell of her acquaintance with
him. Mrs. Cunningham admits that she
knew Fleishman, but she says she did not
know him any better than she did other
gentlemen.
ly, is merely an offset to another meeting,
promoted by the advocates of peace at
any price. The buying of ships to taka
the. place of vessels of questionable effi
ciency, the mobilization of the fleet for
maneuvers and the strengthening of re
lations with friendly neighbors, Colombia
and Ecuador, are not regarded here as
signs of aggressive intentions on Chile's
part, but only as natural precautions
evoked by the unexpectedly threatening
demeanor of Argentine.2
BRIGANDS WAIT
FOR THE RANSOM
Firmly Refuse to Abate
the Original Demand
. One Dollar.
Contend That They Kidnaped
Miss Stone in Cause
of Religion. -
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec 12.— The
latest information regarding Miss Ellen
M. Stone, the American missionary, and
Madame Tsilka, her companion, indicates
that their condition has been, bo far
ameliorated that they are able to obtain
rude comforts* It is even said that the
brigands have a doctor ready at band in
case his -services should be needed. It
appears that the brigands are now com
lKaining that Miss Stone is attempting to
convert them to Christianity. .While rec
ognizing the Illegality of the * abduction
cf Miss Stone and Madame Tsilka, the
brigands contend that their action was in
the interest or a sacred cause, and there
tore, justifiable. ..
The bngands apparently-^are prepared
to hold out ail winter. They ; fefuse to
abate theii demands one dollar and have
not vouchsafed a reply to Dickinson's
ultimatum "to 'the ""effect that they "must
accept his last otter or nothing. It is
believed in well 'informed circles, how
ever, that were the gold actually prof
fered at some spot on the border by an
accredited emissary the brigands would
reduce the amount of the ransom.
It is understood here tha,t recommenda
tions have been forwarded to Washing
ton proposingrthat an\ultimatum be sent
to Bulgaria. \
COIOHTTEE ON COMMERCE
MEETS AND ORGANIZES
senator .Berry succeeds senator Vest
as Chairman of Sub-Committee
on Bridges.
WASHINGTON. X>ec. 12.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce held a meeting
to-day for the purpose of organizing its
Eub-committees and refefVlng to thexa
the bills which have reached the com
mittee. The most important chang-e-- mads
in the sub-committees was the substitu
tion of Senator Berry as chairman of the
sub-committee on bridges for Senator
Vest- This position has been held . by
Senator Vest for a sreat many years, but
was vpluntarily surrendered by him on
account of •his health. The shipping bill
was referred to the' sub-committea on
ships and shipping, of which Senator
Krye 'Is chairman, and of which Senator
Haiina is a membe.r. The measure was
not discussed. There are two bills before
the committee for the establishment of
an executive department of the Govern
ment to be known as the Department of
Commerce, and these were referred to a
special sub-committee consisting of Sen
ators Nelson, Hanna and Clay. The bill
for the reorganization of the revenue cut
ter service was given to a special sub
committee consisting- of Senators Galliti
g'er, Penrose and Turner.
GABBETT WILIi BECEIVE
A COVETED APP0HTT1OINT
Slayer of "Billy the Kid" to Be Col
lector of Customs at El
WASHINGTON, Dec 12.— The President
has decided to appoint Patrick J.Oarrett
of.Les Cruces, N. M., Collector of Cus
toms at El Paso. Tex. J " . ' V
The decision of the President to appoint
Garrett was announced to-day to several
callers from New Mexico, including Gov
ernor Otero and t Delegate Rodey. Gen
eral Lew Wallac*. who was Governor of
JCew Mexico at the time when -"Billy the
Kid," who was later killed bv Garrett,
was terrorizing: the Southwest during the
cattle war, yesterday recommended Gar
rett to the favorable consideration of the
President and to-day, after talking with
the New Mexicans. . the rresident told
them he would appoint Garrett. Quite a
cumber of New Mexican appointments
are pending. It is understood to be prac
tically certain that Governor Otero and
Secretary Reynolds will be appointed
again. ■ ■
Bockhill Hakes a Beport.
WASHINGTON, Dec 12.— The long-ex
pected report of Special Commissioner
Rockhill to the Secretary of State on the
results of his work in connection with the
Chinese negotiations in Peking- has been
submitted, to Congress, along with the full
text of the protocol, which has already
been published, and a mass of detailed
statements. It was upon this report that
the President based his commendatory
reference to Rockhill in his recently pub
lished message to Congress.
I_J ▼^ b™ ■ ":v">!*~-"- ftp g
— M ' l^%,M l ,#AJ^ l 4Z. 1$ ©
t^**** ' ~ ~ M *~" ' ' 1 frri* J"kS ©
—^^»^^— ■ ■ /JArr . . IOm 1301 flfl
MTnA(UUIMUIMttC«»WKm>«IIH ••««. ' '•"■"• ;««} w
x %mgmmm*ggmm§i^^^^^®0' ■%.
■-■■:■.. - O
. ©
What Could Be I
For a Holiday Present than, a pair of ; Sorosis Shoes or §
They are always $3.50-— are; not- marked down 4 a'ter §
the holidays, and can be procured in any city of the Unjted §
States and In most foreign cities as London, Dublin, Berlin, §
Hamburg and Vienna. . g
A -SOROSIS certificate (fac simile of 4whlch? is shown g
above) will be honored In any Sorpsls store upon the face g
of the earth and can' be procured at the;' San Francisco g
UrtH . , (U/n£JLA0lMl^ Vshoe store •
EVENING? '%r** \;S^Zy : FROM o
WmmmmmMk K * BKETS1REET - 1
00OOe9OG©«O»©©©«Oe©<9OO©©«O©O©OG«(jD®OQOQ@GOS§
LAWS TO REACH
THE HIGHBINDERS
Important Amendment
to Proposed Exclu
' sion Measure.
Provides for Deportation of
Chinese Criminals Now
in the . Country.
WASHINGTON, Dec 12.— At the meet
ing to-day of the special committee of
Pacific Coast Senators and Representa
tives who are devising a Chinese exclu
sion measure Coomba presented a num
ber of suggestions in the form of amend
ments to the bill prepared by the immi
gration bureau. One of the amendments
will reach Chinese highbinders. , It pro :
vides:
Every notorious Chinese criminal or Chinese
engaged In inciting- disorder' of breaking the
law. or terrorizing the community, or whose
general manner 1b against the peace and order,
of any State or of the United States, or who
belongs to any society having such objects In
view, ehall bo deemed to be unlawfully in the
United States and subject to deportation.
Such facts shall be established by general rep
utation of such Chinese upon the testimony of
not less than two creditable witnesses other
than Chinese.
. Another amendment provides for keep
ing Chinese now in the Philippines or
Hawaii- from coming to this country, as
follows: ...
No Chinese, or person of Chinese descent, be
ing lawfully in Hawaii, or any of the insular
possessions of the United States, shall be en
titled to land or -remain In the United States
cr any Territory of the United States, exclu
sive of the place where he Is entitled to be.
These and numerous other amendments
of importance in the legal proceedings
for the deportation of Chinese are now
under consideration by the committee.
i NOTICE TO PATRONS.
Owing to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and tne great
volume of extx& advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. m. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the. largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a qopy to your Eastern friends.
Ready for mailing 5 cents per copy.
TUTAT. BAIXOON BREAKS, / : .
' AWAY FItOM ITS MOORINGS
Inventor Marconi Suffers a Loss
While Experimenting With His
Wireless Telegraph. \
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. .Dec. 12.— The trial
balloon used by M. Marconi, the inventor
of wireless telegraphy, who. is here con
ducting experiments with his ! system,
broke from its moorings 'last night and
drove away seaward. The -inventor will
send up another balloon to-day.
M. Marconi spent the day. in testing the
velocity of the wind with kites. He will
send up a second balloon to-morrow, tak
ing precaution against a repetition of last
night's accident. The inventor explains
that he is not yet familiar -with the
weather and the climatic conditions here,
which are partly due to the" unusual .ele
vation from which his experiments" are
conducted;.- He is hopeful : that to-mor
row's experiments will be attended- with
better success. - ■'
' Many Injured in' Fire Panic.
AUSTIN, Texas, Dec. 12.— A .dispatch
from Zaca.tecas, Mexico, says the new
market house building in Zacatecas,
which was erected at a cost of $500,000,
was completely destroyed by fire Iaat
evening. The feast of Purisima was • in
progress and- the cathedral near the mar
ket house was filled with worshipers. In
the excitement many women and children
were trampled under foot and seriously
injured- ,
Bride B/eceives a Brooch.
ALBANY, N. Y., Dec 12.— The marriage
of Miss Katherlne W. Dorr of this city
and William Loeb Jr., secretary to Presi
dent Roosevelt, took place at the Emman
uel Baptist Church this afternoon. The
ceremony was attended only by the mem
bers of the families of the bride and
bridegroom. Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt
presented the bride with a diamond
brooch.
BRUSSELS. Dec. 12.— At a meeting of sugar
manufacturers held here In anticipation of the
forthcoming International sugar conference it
was decided to oppose any International con
vention which does not entirely abolish direct
and indirect bounties on sugar everywhere.
■ * ' ■ - \ *
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, iDECEMBEK 13, .ll>qi|
BEAUTIFUL MASONIC CEREMONY
WITNESSED BY LARGE THRONG
Impressive Method of Inducting Officers Into Their •Respective
Stations Wins Admiration of » the Many Oniookers- -Rich Jewel
Is Presented to Retiring Worshipful Master, L. A. Larsen
ETWEEN600 and 700 ladies . and
gentlemen assembled in Com
mandery Hall of the Masonic
Temple last night to witness the
public installation of the officers
of Doric Lodge, Free and Accepted Ma
sons. The Installation was public, son^
thing rather unusual, in Masonic circles.
The ceremony was beautiful and impres
sive. It was watched with interest not
only, by those who had never before wit
nessed such an event but by the mem
bers of the fraternity, t» whom. it. is de
lightful, no matter how often repeated.
The installing officer was Louis Albert
Larsen, the retiring worthy master. He
was assisted by Past Master Thomas L.
Hill as ■ marshal. Those who were in
ducted for the current Masonic term .^are:
Frank Thomas Faircloth, worshipful* master;
Adolph Charles Bauer, senior warden; Arthur.
Meyer, junior warden; John P. Fraser, P. M.,
treasurer; Julius Raphael Goldsmith, secretary;
Henry Conrad Schaertzer, senior deacon; 'Cyrus
Burr McCroskey, junior deacon; Louis ' Good
day, P. M-, chaplain; Frank Morgan Steers,
marshal ; 'William Lane Scott,; steward; Fred
erick Lawrence Wisht, steward;. Xudwljc Ma
thias.Hoefler, P. M., trustee!' ,T. : K. Wlttlch.
organist; "William Henry Edmondson, tyler. •
The' new worshipful "master and senior
and junior wardens are all members of
California Chapter, Royal Arch Masons;
of California Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, and of Islam Temple of the Ancient
Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine. ■ The
lodge was instituted in October, 1871,; and
now has a membership of 251 and is one
of the most influential and prosperous
in the fraternity. ■ - - - - ' ■
After the ceremony, during which the
music incidental- to the work" of the. ritual
was furnished by the Knickerbocker Male
Quartet and the Temple, Quartet, as
sisted .by Mrs. Ij. A. • Larsen, cornetlst;
Miss Grace I. Davis, soprano; Miss Marks,"
accompanist, and Bennett's orchestra, ex-
Judge Robert Ferral, on . behalf ; of the
lodge, tendered the retiring master, Mr.
Larsen, a token of its fraternal love' and
appreciation of his service in the shape
of a past master's gold and diamond set
jewel. A case of silver table service- was
presented on behalf of the lodge to Mrs.
Larsen.
After the presentations . there were
served, to the vast audience icecream,
cakes and light refreshments. , .
The function was under the direction of
Frank Morgan Steers, Louis A. Larsen,
P. M.; Thomas L. Hill, P. M.; Henry Con-
"MAMMY" PLEASANT LAYS CLAIM
Continued From Page One.
cuss the claims made for her, but I will say
that If ever any legal steps are taken there
will be no compromise. *-» *
Meanwhile "Mammy" Pleasant Is living
in a plain little house on Webster street,
and while Stone and Davis are hard .at
work giving out "exclusive" stories as io
what they intend to do, the notorious old
colored -woman' declines to receive visi
tors unless they are Introduced by "one
of the firm."
"Mammy" Is Uncommunicative.
Last evening a Call reporter was escort
ed to the home of "Mammy" Pleasant by
Sam Davis, after the humorist had fin
ished his day's work with his . associate
Stone.
Davis had a key to the dingy fiat at
2107 Webster street, where the old colored
woman lives. The house was shrouded
in darkness, but Davis assured the re
porter that "Mammy" was at home. Up
the dark stairs went Davis followed -by
the newspaper representative, and ' the
home of the concealer of. tragedies, com
edies and what not was entered.
Davis marched into the hallway and
banged at all the doors, but received no
response; Then the humorist used up all
his matches to peek through keyholes to
sec if "Mammy was around. The doors
were locked and, finally, when Davis was
about to give up th£ hunt a young col-,
ored girl threw a door open, but the dim
light of a candle she held failed to- re
veal the -whereabouts of "Mammy."
"Hello," said Davis, "Is Mammy in?" .
"Yes," replied the girl, "step in here.
She will be down in a moment. V :'
Davla and the reporter entered the. room
and the colored girl put the candle on the
table and turned the reflector full on the
newspaper writer's face, so that It was
Impossible to see about the room.
The colored girl left the room saying,
that "Mammy would arrive in a- few
minutes. In order -to while away the
time Davis discussed the "former sur
roundings of Mrs. Pleasant, comparing
them to her present humble ones.
"Quite a contrast this ie," said • Davis,
"but Mammy can accommodate herself to
surroundings, so I suppose she does not
mind. I have some of her pictures with
me. I hope that Mammy will like them,"
Negress Betrays Her Presence.
While Davis and the reporter discussed
the merits of the photographs there was
a giggle In the far corner of the. room,
and there lay; "Mammy"' Pleasant on a
lounge in the darkness. She had been in
the room all the time and had listened
to the discussion of her merits by Davia
and the reporter. . • .
Although "Mammy" Pleasant is 87 year3
of age she has lost none of her old-time
cunning. She was pleasant and quite
talkative on all subjects except ». the
threatened litigation.
"I -made my hit in life by 'keeping my
mouth shut. I have attorneys who us
ually.do a great deal of talking and very
little work, she said. ,.-r .
"Where are your attorneys, Mrs. Pleas
ant?"
"I-canndt say Just where : they' "are""at
PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF DORIC
. LODGE, F. AND A. M., WHO
WERE INSTALLED LAST NIGHT.
rad Schaertzer, S. D.; Simon Myrson. P.
M., and Arthur Meyer, J. W.
MYSTIC SHBINEBS',. ELECTION.
Colonel C. H. Murphy Is Chosen Po-
tentate on % Seventh Ballot.
One of the closest and most exciting
elections ever held in Islam Temple of the
Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic
Shrine was that which was Concluded at
an early hour yesterday morning. During
the coming summer the Imperial Council
of this branch of Masonry will meet in
this city, therefore the position of poten
tate of the local shrine is of considerable
importance.
Four candidates presented themselves
the present moment; I have not called
them up by telephone for over an hour."
"And their names?"
"I think you will find, them in the di
rectory somewhere. 1 noticed their names
there a few. days ago. They were there
all right.
"I don't believe in trying cases in the
newspapers; I try my eases in the courts.
That 8 what the courts are for. I am a
happy woman to-night because I think
that the machinery of the law has been
put In motion to break up the conspiracy
that has been formed In this town to
clean me out of my property before I die."
Mammy Pleasant evidently thought she
had said enough about her own affairs;
In reality she had said nothing.
», Did any one ever get the best of you,
Mammy Pleasant?"
"Yes, I caught one fellow taking my
picture while he was talking to me— I told
him to put his right hand in hi* pocket
and I saw that he kept it there and his
eyes on me-^but he got the picture. Just
the same."
"How's that?"
"He was left-handed and I was so In
terested in watching his right hand that
I did not know what his left was doing."
With this statement the aged negress,
who for so long guarded the portals of
the House of Mystery," the home of the
Bells, lapsed into her characteristic
silence, w hich seemed to better become
the weirdness of her surroundings. •-.- -\
BULLET HOLE SHOWS
HOW MURDER WAS DONE
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 12.— Interest
continues to center in the Griffiths mys
tery. The Grand Jury is now. hard at
work trying to unravel' what promises to
involve several people in the,cold-blood
ed murder. A number; of witnesses will
go before the Grand Jury and before the
end of the week It. is expected, that
startling facts will come to, light. , ••
Yesterday Charles Allen', Mrs. Jennie
Kelchcr, Mrs. Benfleld/ Mrs. Tpwnsend.
Mrs. Bigelow and . th<5 young- son of
Charles Allen were before ■ the , Grand
Jury. It is understood that' facts not
heretofore brought out developed at the
proceedings, but what they. are cannot b«
ascertained. One new and- vital piece of
evidence was discovered when a coat ana
shirt worn by Griffiths when murdered
wpre cleaned. :''
AbuUet-hoIe in the, coat,- below the left
shoulder, showed where the fatal ball en
tered. The blackened f cioth of the coat is
still In an excellent state of preservation,
and showed marka of powder Burns, prov
ing that. a weapon had been. pressed close
to Griffiths' side when the shot was fired.
As there was no bullet • hole in the coat.
Sleeve the surgeons believe- with the of
ficers that the deceased had raised his
left arm to ward off a blow or to grasp
the muzzle of a gun when the shot was
fired. '■ : ■■:■•>; \\:
, Nothing Better for Christmas
Than a nicely framed Waterrcolor Photo
graph,. Pastel, Etching cr Steel Engraving.
Everybody kivited to inspect these goods,
which are the best Jn quality and lowest
in price to be found In this city. Sanborn,
Vafr.&.'Co., "TflTIarkct street..' " :":*■■
for election as potentate. R. P. Hurlburt,
Colonel C. H. Murphy, James A. Wilson
and R. N. Carson were the nominees.
Seven ballots were taken ,/ Carson and
Wilson dropping' out of the fight.' The
final ballot resulted In favor of Colonel
Murphy, -who received 164 votes, Hurlburt
getting 159.
Another contest was over the position
of recorder, Hiram T. Graves and W. E.
Lutz were the candidates. Graves was
elected. The other officers chosen were:
Frank Titus, chief rabban; A. W. McKen
sie, assistant rabban, and Dr. Thomas L.
Hill, high priest.
Not all neckwear is suitable for \l&. \
Christmas gifts, and /'some is j-' . \
much more appropriate than / /gg^glf^Wv ■J^S^'
others, If you wish to Rive some /^^^^^^X^ s #5%
friend a tie that he tfill appreciate J^^^^4^^v ' V
and wear with.a. great deal. of sat- .^^^^P^^^^^ %
isf action we recommend our im- £?^^l^^^^^^^t i
pe.rial Ascot, as here pictured. It aft^s^^^^^p^ I
V- . . is made of all silk— a' very /fine im- ' M^^^^ooP^® §
ported material: the colors are i^^^^^^^^»».^J^^« i
green, brown, bronze* blue, red, J^§-^^^^^^^m 1
garnet and purple, most har- ,^^«^»M I
moniously combined with rich i-ls^S^^^p^^^^^ §
";*■ "colorings as numerous : as " the I
rainbow in some cases and as neat ;^^W/v^^^^^^«^ 1
and quiet as one could wish for '//^l J/fU'^^^^W i
in others. They can be tied as V%XSfe^^^^^l I
imperials, puffs, or once-dvers. §
They are ties you generally see 1
priced at. $1:50; our price is 1^^^^^^^ »|
718 Market Street/ 1
PLOT TO USE
PRICE OF LABOR
Iglesias and Associates
Are Found Guilty at
Porto Rico.
The Prisoners Are Released
•Pending an Appeal to the
Supreme Court.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Dec 12.—San
tiago Iglesias, president of the Federation
of Workmen of Porto Rico, with nine
companions, was tried in the District
Court at San Juan yesterday on the
charge of conspiracy. To-day Iglesias
waa sentenced to two years and three.
month3 and eight days' imprisonment.*
Seven o! his' companions were sentenced
to four months' imprisonment, while two
were acquitted on the charge "of being the
founders of an illegal association and con
spiracy in August, 1900, to raise the price
of labor in Porto Rico. Iglesias, as the
founder of the conspiracy, gets the heavi
est sentence. . The other men were mere
ly his associates in the crime. Under
Spanish law, which is Still in force here,
persons' convicted of a crime have to pay
the costs. The local Federation of the
Workmen of Porto Rico, which 13 part
of the American Federation of Labor,
under the presidency of Samuel Gompers,
has been ordered dissolved, as it has Deen
adjudged illegal because of this con-
Judge" Savage of the District Court dls
sentea as to the Illegality oS the local
Federation, although he agreed that lgie
sias was guilty, ol a conspiracy to raise
the price of labor in August, 1900, when
the currency of Porto Rico was changed.
At that time nearly all the merchants ana
employers here raised their prices from
pesos to dollars, an, advance of 40 cents.
iglesias did the same, contending that he
only raised wages in proportion to other
increases. This constitutes the conspir-
The case has been appealed- to the Su
preme Court of Porto Kico, where it will
probably be heard In a month. Fending
this appeal Iglesias is at liberty.
The mass meeting of the Federation of
Labor called for next Sunday probably
will be called off, a3 the plans of the fed
eration axe temporarily deranged. Iglesias
says politics influenced the decision
against him, as the Judges belong to the
local Republican party, while Iglesias is
a Federalist. One of the acquitted men
has turned Republican, it is said, since
the time of the conspiracy.
Sinco Iglesias has been here as tho lo
cal organizer of the American Federation
of Labor he has been continually at
tacked in circulars and threatened by cer
tain Republicans who oppose his plans.
Last Tuesday night these Republicans
fired several shots at the building of the
federation. The police searched the rooms
of these men for arms, but . found noth-
The men who fired these shots had not
been arrested up to this morning. Iglesias
petitioned Governor Hunt, citing repeat
ed assaults upon his men, and asking for
protection. Iglesias Bald: "If the laws
of Porto Rico are Inadequate to punish
these offenders, if I cannot continue my
work of Americanizing Porto Rico labor
ers unmolested, please inform me, so that
I can return to the United States, aban
doning this country and my mission
here."
SENATE WILIi RECEIVE
GRAHAM'S NOMffiJATIOlT
President Eoosevelt Soon to Forward
the Name of the Successor
: * to Gleaves.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET^
N. W., WASHINQTONr Dec-li— The
nomination of TV. S.Graham of Auburn,
Placer County, as successor to Surveyor-
General Gleaves, deceased, . Is expected
soon to be sent to the Senate by Presi
dent Roosevelt, Senators Perkins and
Bard having formally recommended his
appointment. Graham was born In Illi
nois in 1861 and located in California in
18f8 He has for many years been promi
nent as a civil and mining engineer.
tf+WELVE full page il-
* lustrations by. the best
artists of the West will be
one of the many great fea-
tures of The Call's Christ-
mas edition — out next Sun-
day. A paper of \ especial
interest to you and one that
you will wish to send to your
friends in the East.
Nominations Are Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions: Charles H. Darling, Vermont, to
be Assistant Secretary of the Na.vy; C.
H. Egbert, Illinois, Consul at Durango,
Mexico.
* ADVEaTISEigENTS. «.
\ ' You can make r
short cake, biscuits,
or layer cake quickly,
economically, and
| better from "Bis-kit" j
than you can from *
\ a
ordinary flour and
baking powder. |
Guaranteed by ,
The H-O Com- I
PZ3£-QT7ABTZIt-BAVE> OAX.
$10.00
We furnish homes, flatt, hotels and
rooming-houses complete, we navo
all the latest deaigna tn furaitui*.
carpets, curtains and draperies aad
Trill gladly civ« you an esUmata, J
Credit If you wish It. and tn* de-
livery within 150 miles. )
We close at < except on Saturday.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., [
83S-842 POST STREET, -
Opposite Union Sonar*.
STATEMJENT j
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY
O7 SAN KRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OB"
California, on tne Hat day of December,
A D 1300, and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- '
Ytstons of sections 610 and «U of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tie
C ° mmllI8lOBer - CAPITAL ' • .T.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In -
cash ...» — — n.ooo.000. 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..... $563,700 00
joans on Bonds and Mortgages 2S0.1S7 64
;msh Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,282,825 00
Amount ot Loans secured by pledge,
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral...... UL10O 00>
Cash In Company* h Of See ..»■> 14,472 07
Cash in Banks 136,032 43
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 790 10
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 9,813 34
Premiums in due Course ot Collec-
tion • 480,375 W
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken .;■■■---. ,
for Fira and Marine BJslcs......~.. B0.743 83
Warrants 1.258 58
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. . 8,102 C5
Advances on unsettled Marine Losses 5,078 S3
Bills Receivable -__.--_,■ ,- M 1,500 00
Total Assets ~.~.... ....14,013.875 7$
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid „,» 132.033 33
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .-. 133.775*3
Losses resisted, including expenses. 6,823 0#
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning one year or less, $1,133,352 83:
reinsurance 50 per cent 6TS.SS1 II
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one 1 year, $1,463.-
$09 40; reinsurance pro rata. 744,333 SI
Gross premiums on Marino and In-
land Navigation Risks. $23,363 47;
reinsurance 100 per cent 23,353 4|
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $137,814 SS: reinsurance 50
Per<*nt •••• »■— «— .«.« 68.907 41
Special deposits v H,T» U
Commissions and Brokerage da» and
to become due ..—...,.... .^.... a,8SO 81
Marine bills payable 6,215 Of
Total Liabilities «.—...... «^-.. $1.671, 807 «>
INCOME. *
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,U7,493 a
Met cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 823,133 85
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ; S3. 811 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonda, Stocks, Loans, and from ' "
all other sources *....... U7.4S9 OS
Received for Rents. 27.963 6$
Total Income ....lt.C38.ST6 00
EXPENDITURES. "
Not amount "paid for Fire Losses.... $3&,951 74
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 137,498 SS
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00 )
Paid or allowed ' tor Commission or ' f
Brokerage 257,30143
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other '
charges for officers, clerks, etc 238,017 74 ,
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes _. 68.433 43
All other payment* and expenditures 131,008 II
Total Expenditures .......$2,059,209 14
Losses incurred during the year- $1.191.457 84
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ' . .
written during the - ■■•- ■-'•
year $192,755,941 $2,318.537 28
Net amount ot Risks
expired during the
year 167.233.S11 1.982, 821 43
Net amount in force '
December 31. 1JC0.... 217.250.39g 2. SIS. 972 23
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
' written during the
Tear $101,664,873 $852,080 »
Net amount of Risks . ,
. expired during the .
year 103.524.T33 I S31.081 S3
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.... [ 4.5S0.425 1S1.1S0 O
WM. J. DTJTTON, Prest.
LOUI3 WF.INMAXN..Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this ISth
day of January. 1301. rt-ti:n-rv*v-^ ■'' - - *
ANDREW J. CLUNIE. • ,
. ' ' Insurance Commissioner.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA B1TTEH3. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health «nd
•Ucfcgth to lexual organs. Depot, 3» UarkeUk v ADVE3TISEHEMTS.
! «* Mated CerealsCail [U
a —^~* g
I I Mall, i
I i Breakfast %
B I rood -SJ
I psSsk I
I If you have once tried Malt
I Breakfast Food as a cereal, for
B breakfast or for supper, you
>| appreciate its great superiority
I over all other food.
Its delicious flavor, perfect
I digestifci ity and great nutri-
I thre qualities are at oner
0 apparent*
I Try Malt-Oat* and Malt-Barley also.
; They are as much better than ordinary
oatmeal or b&rley as Malt Breakfa.t
Foad is superior to other whtat foods.
At all grocers.
Oriental
Rug
Sale • . .
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
% 25 % Discount
from regular prices.
Ctias. M. Plum & Co,
1301-1307 MARKET ST.
MUNYON'S INHALER
Jgjg^ CURES
J^\l.r*ftt CoMs, Coughs,
jjifgjS||EB^ Influenza, Bron-
/l§!|f J| HHl c *" ti5 > Asthma
tliiir^P 7 fUr and aI1 Di5cases
tSP^^t IW oi the Throat
S J^' and Lungs.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the ir.outh and emitted from the nostrils, clean*>
tog m»d i-aporizmx ajl the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine takes
into the stomach.
It reacts thesore spots— heals the rare places
—goes to tine sealof disease- acts as abalm and
tonic to the vhole syst*m-9l.00 at druggists or
by mail Mwfor,. Xew Fork and Philadelphia.
VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
i Qk MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
*Ui2_ Ka have been In use over fi'ty
S&3&* $ &5k years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church ana their
fi352^**p?«l followers. PoEitlvely cure tho
KHB^Dd worst cases in old and young
tSL^Ikv f?V arising from effects of eelf-
VPSKirHW abuse, dissipation, excesses or
WP&ijfJsK cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
vHzg» Manhood. lmpotency. Lost
w^fitSr Power, Xlght Losses, Insom
r.:«. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Kervom Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mmm Varicocele or Con-
•tipaUon. Btop Ner &% #J von« Twitching sf
Eyelids, Effects are *^ Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pot* CtSHTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore e&iall, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; &0c a box; C for
$2 CO by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars five.
Address BIEHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Elite St..
Ban rrancisco. CaL GRANT DRUO CO.. SS
end 40 Third et
* CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
10 CHICAGO
Tne maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
Frpm San Francisco, dally, 9 A. M
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
,1 , l *•■ Eljj 6I1 1 non-poisonoro
t»><»aatttW7«H remedr for Gonorrhea*.
tfjiBSSrZitrt r- «. %S <?Ie * t » Spermatorrhoea,
JSSsS' CORES Xh White*, unnatural dii«
E*Sffla 1 to * <i*y»- \3 charges, or anr icCamma-
Rf*I on»~ntet(i t» *^ tjon, irritation cr ulcera-
rsjkr, uom tion cf mncoug oen.
Lt_4 Pr«e6t e«i>i»t*>*. braacg- KoD-*etringent.
PJEtmElTANS CHEKICAL^a. £«,!„ by DraCKlM tm,
w£«V OMCaauno -ISjfell or eent in plain wrapper,
x355Jl. 0.8. A. JeiS by expreM, pr*pa.id. for
<0&ST^ 11.00. or 3 bottle. 12.75.
\\JPffl[ya Circular eent ca request.
VA/. T. HESS,
K0TART PCBLIO A5D ATTORHET-AT-Li.*.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bid*.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence 83 California St.. below PowelL
Residence Telephone Jaroe» 1501.
*=*. n n n n m9k Ammunition, Pistole, Cut-
ffl I fc» H ff» lery. Carving Sets, Football,
B R I Erll Bat-eball. Athletic and Out-
Bf I &|¥|cb ing G oodsfor HoJiaayTrade -
%Jf V 1 ■ \m s< bhrbtb * barber co..
739 Mtrfcet St ind til Zttnj ti
A , fi PATENTS, >j
l\Syi"J MARKET ST. S F *****
r\ ■ v r- n Atr I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL Egg-
valise:: checked tree
START FIRE
TO END LIFE
OF PASTOR
San Jose, Incendiaries
Attempt a Terrible
Crime.
Wood Ignited in the Base
ment of a Clergy
man's Home.
Young Son of a Presbyterian Minis
ter Saves the Family From
Possible Death, in the
Flames.
Esedal Dissjatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 12.— A dastardly at
tempt was made to burn the residence of
the Rev. R. F. Maclaren, pastor of the
Second Presbyterian Church, at 650 South
Second street, about 4:30 o'clock this
morning. From the preparations made It
was probably the intention of the incen
diaries to incinerate the clergyman and his
family. Only the awakening of Glover
Maclaren, a son, prevented the success of
the fiendish plan.
Fire had been started In a piano box in
the basement, in which was stored kind
ling wood and other inflammable mate
rial. Coal oil had been poured over this
and spattered on the adjoining walls. A
gas jet In the basement, which had not
been used for six months, was turned on
and left open, the intention undoubtedly
being that the escaping gas would aid the
flames and cause an explosion that would
wreck the building.
At about 4:30 o"clock Glover Maclaren
was awakened by a stifling sensation. His
room was filled with gas and smoke. He
aroused the family and turned in a fire
alarm. The fire was extinguished before
much damage was done.
There are no clews to the incendiaries,
but neighbors noticed a couple of men
hanging about the Maclaren house late
last evening.'
Dr. Maclaren Is one of the most promi
nent ministers in the city. He has con
ducted a crusade against the evils of the
city and has attracted a great deal of at
tention. He is unable to account for the
attempt to burn his home, unless his acts
have aroused -the enmity of some person.
CARS MAY RUN
UNDER THE BAY
Promoters Plan to Spend
Millions on Ferry-
System.
The long projected competing ferry sys
tem and submarine tunnel across the bay,
the plans for which were hertofore pub
lished in The Call, took a tangible form
yesterday when articles of incorpora
tion were filed in Oakland by the "San
Francisco and Piedmont Railway," the in .
corporators of which are the "Borax
King,",F. M. Smith, and the other mon
eyed men who are associated with him
in the Oakland Transit Company, the
Realty Syndicate and the recently
launched Oakland and San Jose Railway.
The capitalization of the new corpora
tion is J2.500.000. of which it is proposed
to spend $1,000,000 upon a tube or subma
rine way that is to lie beneath the watera
of the Bay of San Francisco. In the con
struction of cars and railroad and ter
minal it is the plan to spend $1,500,000 or
more if necessary.
Will Soon Begin Work.
According to the articles of Incorpora
tion the new road Is to extend from the
San Francisco water front to a point at
or near Leona Heigths, running in an
easterly direction, passing through Em
eryville, Oakland, Piedmont, and cover
ing altogether a distance of seventeen
miles. This line will be fed by the hun
dred miles of railway controlled by the
Oakland Transit Company, tapping every
populous place about the edges of the bay
and into the hills. The Improvement Is
expected to add greatly to the worth of
the properties of the Realty Syndicate.
Just what route the new road will fol
low from Leona Heights Is not known as
yet, even to the men behind it It will
be necessary to secure new franchises and
make connections with some of the lines
BEAUTIFUL
♦ -AT-
S. & G.
Gurip
CO.
The Latest European
Importations in
113 Geary Street,
Larger and Handsomer
Assortment Than Ever.
OPEN EVENINGS AFTER
DECEMBER llth.
the dak FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, II DECEMBER 13, 19O1.
COLOMBIAN TROOPS FIGHT
A BIG FORCE OF LIBERALS
GOLON, Dec. 12.^-General Carlos Alban has received a cablegram- from Buena
ventura giving an account of a big fight, at Rio San Juan, near Buenaventura, on
Monday. The revolutionists sent an expedition of 1 500' men. overland from Tumaco.
This expedition was. surprised at the river by the Government troops. Many casual
ties are reported by both sides. A small schooner arrived at Colon last night bearing many
sick Government soldiers from Viento Frio, and also bringing news that the Liberals were in
trenched at Nombre de DiasJ A Government force of ninety men landed at Isla Grande and
marched on Nombre de Dias to attack the Liberals.
SCHLEY RECEIVES BOTH CENSURE
AND PRAISE IN THE COURT'S FINDINGS
Will Decide That Admiral Vacillated Before the Battle of Santiago,
but Displayed Gallantry in j the Conflict. ; 5
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.-Rear.Ad
miral Winfleld Scott Schley will find both
censure and praise in the findings of the
court of inquiry, which. will be submitted
to Secretary Long to-morrow afternoon
or Saturday morning. :
The rear admiral will - be censured for
vacillation before the battle of Santiago,
and praised for the gallantry he displayed
in that conflict. The findings of the court
are about 3000 words long.- They will be
accompanied by a brief of the testimony,
of about 80,000 words, giving the important
evidence by each witness. This brief is
of the utmost importance, because It pre
sents the facts upon which. the findings
were drafted. .
There are ten specifications in the pre-1
cept, and the court has given' its opinion
upon each. No expectation is entertained
by the department that any recommenda
tion contemplating further proceedings
will be made. Such a recommendation
would be most embarrassing to the de
partment, which has no thought of or
desire to court-martial Rear Admiral
Schley, or any other oflicer.
No Cowardice Displayed.
The first specification— the conduct of
Rear Admiral Schley in connection with
the events of the Santiago campaign— is so
broad that it practically covers the entire
campaign. Under It the court has dis
cussed Rear Admiral Schley' s conduct in
action, including the bombardment of the
Colon and the battle of Santiago, and It
absolves him from all charges of personal
cowardice.
The second specification is In relation to
the circumstances attending, reasons con
trolling and propriety of movements of
the flying squadron off Cienfuegos in May,
The court discusses in connection with
this specification Rear Admiral Schley's
assertion that he and some officers of his
flagship, the Brooklyn, heard the boom
of guns fired with the regularity of a sa
lute, indicating the arrival of the Spanish
fleet in Cienfuegos; the receipt by Rear
Admiral Schley of orders sent by Rear
Admiral Sampson by the Dupont and
Iowa that he should proceed to Santiago
if satisfied that the Spanish fleet was not
In the harbor of Cieqfuegos, and orders
sent by the Iowa directing him to proceed
with all dispatch, but cautiously, to Santi
ago; the failure of the commander of the
flying squadron to communicate with the
shore except by the steamer Adula, which
did not come out of the harbor until .the
arrival of the Marbjehead; the neglect of,
Captain McCalla,' commanding the
Marblehead, to communicate to Rear Ad
miral Schley the secret code of- signals
he had arranged with the insurgents, and
finally the display of the Anjois' signals
after the-squadron started for Santiago,
in violation of the instructions of Rear
Admiral Sampson that the squadron
should leave Cienfuegos without letting
the enemy know of his departure.
Find Cause for Censure.
The court, it is said, thinks Rear Admi
ral 'Schley shpuld have taken measures to
establish whether the Spanish ships were
In the harbor before the arrival of the
Marblehead.
The voyage from Cienfuegos to Santiago
is next discussed. The Judge advocate
general holds that Rear Admiral Schley
was not justified in proceeding so slowly
to Santiago. This is a point to which the
court does not, it is understood, attach
special Importance, because Rear Admiral
Schley's orders directed him to proceed
cautiously, and besides he had heavy
weather.
now in existence in order to run cars
through to Emeryville. It is planned to
have the cars run into Emeryville from
the outlying districts by way of Fortieth
street, In the neighborhood of which the
Realty Syndicate has recently made some
heavy purchases.
From Emeryville a pier constructed of
steel will extend into the bay to wh*t
Is designated the pierhead line, whidh Is
the limit established by the Government
for improvements into the bay.
Route as Yet Unknown.
The proposed tunnel is to be construct
ed from the end of the pier to the eastern
extremity of Yerba Buena or Goat Island
that is if the Government will give ita
permission for the use of the island for
railroad purposes. . Cars from the pier will
enter and emerge from the tubes by
means of gradual Inclines. After coming
out of the BUbway on the Island the cars
will run around to the western end, whera
a great terminal station is to be con
structed.
If the consent of the Government is not
obtained for the use of the Island tho
plans will be changed so that the tunnel
will emerge from the western shore lino.
Under this plan the tube will .be. two miles
long, while under the first named it whl
be but a mile and a half.
Whether or not the Government gives
Its consent the projectors plan to ro
ahead with the building of the ferry sys
tem, leaving the subway In abeyance until
the most favorable opportunity to build
it arrives. Ferry steamers will be con
tracted for and the steel pier built so that
the company can enter at once Into com
petition for the ferry travel.
Should Goat Island become the terminus
the ferry steamers will only have a til3
tance of one and a half miles to cover,
which will greatly lessen the danger from
fogs and accidents. One objection, how
ever, is the proximity of the Southern Pa
cific steamers.
As the cars in the tunnel could be made
to cover fifty miles an hour the proposi
tion of time will cut a big figure In the
bid for travel. Where the trip across the
bay now . consumes three-quarters of an
hour this road would reduce it to about
fifteen or elehteen minutes: ■■'
The terminus of the road in this city
will be the ferry building: at • the foot
of Market street, so that passengers will
have the same advantages they now have
from the railroad company.
F. M. Smith, F. C. Havens, W. H. Mar
tin. E. A. Heron and W. F. Kelly are the
incorporators of the new railroad. Mr.
Havens, who is the treasurer of the con
cern, said to-day that it was the inten
tion to begin work at once on the con
struction of the tracks, terminals and fer
ries.
NOTICE TO_PATRONS.
Owing to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. mi ■• Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a* copy to your Eastern friends.
Beady for mailing 5 cents per copy*
Statuary, Lamps and Screens. ■
We have a select line of moderate-priced
statuary, screens/ -lamps, onyx, .; tables-
exclusive designs and best values *■ in the
city. Sanborn, vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
There is, however, a very decided ex
pression of opinion upon the next three
precepts, which "all have a bearing upon
one event. The first relates to the circum
stances attending the arrival of the flying
squadron off, Santiago, the reasons for. its
retrogade turn westward and departure
from off Santiago. The. second related to
the disobedience of Rear Admiral Schley
of orders directing him' to proceed to San
tiago and not let the : Spanish fleet' leave
without decisive action and, third, to the
condition of the coal supply of the flying
squadron, its coaling facilities, the neces
sity. If any, or advisability of the return
of the squadron to Key West for'coal and
the accuracy and" propriety of pfHcial re
ports made by Rear Admiral Schley. with
respect to this matter. - ■
Rear Admiral Schley 'admitted 1 that : if
he had known the Spanish fleet' was in
Santiago harbor it would have- been pos
sible for his squadron to have blockaded
Santiago for a few days, beginning with
May 26, the day of his arrival twenty
miles south of that port, and still have
had coal enough to have reached Key
West.
The Retrograde Movement.
Rear Admiral Schley gave four differ-
Our nine-dollar suit is not an ordinary suit for nine dollars. It is distinctly different !
from any other nine-dollar suit you, ever saw — different in workmanship, materials, style
and otherpoints of superiority. . . : . . >f%."
This suit has been the result of a great deal of planning, figuring and studying on^
our part. In two ways we get the cost of manufacture down so that we can sell suits this-
good for $9.00. First we buy the cloth in large quantities direct from the mills* and we
make the clothes ourselves — make them in immense, quantities for our retail and -.wholesale
stores in New York and our retail store in San Francisco. Through < these advantages we
can sell the suits at retail for the same price as wholesalers must pay for the same quality.
The suits are union made and bear the label. They are guaranteed with a money-
- back and a repairing guarantee. They are the most stylish and desirable suits we ever sold
for $9. That's saying a good deal, too— but the clothes back it up.
We have a large assortment of overcoats at the same price, which are made under the
same advantages.
Suits ' Overcoats
Made of serges, cheviots, tweeds and worsteds of solid Made of black or Oxford gray cheviots? blue kerseys
colors and fancy patterns; all wool; fast colored. 'and tan covert; swell, stylish coats; well made and
\ fashionably cut. V .
v^iliKflaHllSR^ Our b °y s ' and y° uths ' immense department on the second y^lil^^SHiV
iWa'SliRS SilllM ¥,' '\l\ floor is worthy of the attention of every mother— she ought JfS M{ f '! IKiJtui I ill
to ?bout onr big stock and aboat the low prices at /!f$SjlJH fMljllA. I
illA U lllBlfM The P^ 0 " are reduced on these youths' suits with the in-
tention of attracting mothers, and, in fact, the young men -^«K llWSiS^l/
milWl IKtIimM,^! themselve 3- The suits are tweeds and cheviots in single and iwF^
TkumMJI Ml!l«1raSS»! d° u bl e breasted styles: ages 12 to 19 years; the values are 'Siovi
'. < ■ : f wflnlwMif I ' ' . Boys' knee pants, made of remnants- from our tailoring % tM|[|jJHSJ|9 .
' HilrafUnlii ' ■ department ; actual, values '$i.oo,' $1.25 and $1.50; we charge Vllllraiifffl
nnSi ffiisii u *° r e ma^ m^ ° n iy> **^ c a p a i f - iii^iiif
||s|h nrai , Elegant assortment of golf and yacht caps for 25c. WSll'Hf
IwvM WMi Boys' fedora hats in the popular colors, OOc. V|llsfil''f
rrHs sBI • Boys' sweaters in all shades; ages 4 to 12; extra value at lM$J!t»/
Wj$£ filiiS Would you like a copy of our suggestion booklet for Christmas gifts? ill §1.1 1
ent reasons for the retrograde movement,
the only one he placed in his dispatch to
the department announcing his return to
Key West being, lack of coal.
It was shown that the 'ships of the
squadron coaled every day from the col
lier Merrimac,^except on those days when
they were actually under way, and that
at the time -of "arrival off "Santiago there
wa,s not a sufficient shortage of coal to
have alarmed a resourceful commander.
.During the inquiry the court asked Rear
Admiral Schley:
| "Did not the orders under which you
were acting require you to remain off
Santiago?" To which he responded:
. "Possibly, yes, but I do not think the
order given, me was to deprive me of all
discretion in the matter if I heard to the
contrary." •
1 There will be no disapproval of the loop
of the '• Brooklyn, and Rear. . Admiral
Schley's conduct during the battle has
met with the approval of the court.
The '.controversy with Lieutenant Com
mander-Hodgson over the tetter's charge
that Rear Admiral Schley said at the
time of the loop, "D — the Texas; let
her look out for herself," is said. In the
opinion of the court, not to be discredit
able to the rear admiral. .
GREAT TUNNEL
WILL BE BUILT
Unique Engineering Pro
ject Planned Near
Vancouver.
Mammoth Water Pipe to Be
Run Through. Mountain
of Bock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. .Dec. 12.— Wha.fr
will be the largest and one of the moat
unique engineering works of Its class ever
undertaken In British Columbia will be
commenced within ten days near Van
couver. It is the building of a tunnel,
two miles and a half Ions, through a solid
mountain of rock.
The tunnel Is not for a railway, but for
a water pipe, which will be run from Lake
Beautiful, 2600 feet above sea level in the
mountains up Burrard Inlet from Van
couver to the head waters of Coquitlam
River, with the object of providing a
large water power plant to suply elec
tricity to the cities ox Vancouver and New
Westminster.
The scheme of the Vancouver Power
Company, a syndicate subsidiary to the
British Columbia Electric Railway Com
pany, owning all the tramlines In the
province, has been finally approved by
the Government and work will be started
immediately. .': ■'■■■■ ;•■■'■»■.
The Coquitlam River is too_ small a
stream to supply by itself the needed
power, so that the tunnel from the lake,
over 500 feet above the present dam on
the Coquitlam is made necessary to give
all the power needed. The present outlet
of the lake runs in exactly the opposite
direction from that of the proposed tun
nel, which will be built three by eight
feet. The total cost of the tunnel will be
about $350,000, and It will add a practically
inexhaustible supply of water to the
smaller supply of the Coquitlam River.
■ The company pinna to spend about
JSOO.OOO during the- next year and will run
this plant as auxiliary to the present
steam plant, and probably in place of it
as soon as the works have been complete
ly installed. .
..BERNE, Switzerland, Dec. 12. — Dr. Joseph
Zeemp of Lucerne, vice president of the Fed
oral Council, has been elected President of the
Swiss Confederation for 1902. Dr. Zeemp Is a
Catholic Conservative.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(J— _ ' ' *1 -— — — -O
Holiday Presents
At Out Pates
In Purses,
Celluloid Sots,
Perfumes,
.Atomizers,
Cameras and
Camera Supplies,
Opera Glasses and
Optical Goods.
Eyes Tested Free by an Expert Optician.
WE 6IYE TRADING STAMPS.
"o ; * — < >
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
BALOISE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OK BASLE. SWITZERLAND. ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1900, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to th*
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provision* of sections
610 and 611 of tb« Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and *
Bond* owned by Company.. $850,625 00
Cash In Company's Offlde 359 48 .
Cash In Banks 117.913 88 .
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,168 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ee.139 21
Total Assets $836,288 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........ $15,337 SS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17,902 73
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 3.985 6S
Gro3s premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $307,025 26;
reinsurance 50 pet cent 153,013 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $130,-
134 17; reinsurance pro rata 68.784 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
ble BM 38
All other liabilities 31,122 40
Total Liabilities ....$200,829 83
v.~; ' INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums .....; $3S0,S91 73
Received for Interest and dividends -
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 23,987 11
Total Income .' $404,373 83
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses > ■
(Including $53,111 73, losses of pre-
vious years) $278,981 68
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 122,993 73
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 1,500 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2.069 72
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1,863 DC,
Total Expenditures $407,409 12 .
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. .. .$254,353 23
Risk and Premiums. Fire Risks Premiums
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $43,807,528 $502,379 M
Net ' amount of I Risks
expired during the
year 42.627.619 473,544 93
Net amount In force
December 81. 1900.... 36.823.709 437.159 43
SaML. R. WEED (of Weed & Kennedy),
■ ' Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24tb
day of January. 1901. F. FISHBECK.
Notary Public.
■ BTZ & CO.. General Agents.
-V -■ • San Francisco. CaL '
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TMIC
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND. ON THB !
31st day of December. A. D. 1900. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to -
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, cod-'
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
. ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocka and
Bonds owned by Company... $712,577 00 -
Cash in Company's Office..; 1S3 18
Cash In Banks • 63,808 57'
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,291 67
Premiums In due Course of Collection 87,770 47
Total Assets ISQ7.637 37
" " '" LIABILITIES. ' V
-Losses adjusted and unpaid £12.656 29
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ." 17.982 M
Losses resisted. Including expenses. . 5,230 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $372,732 02:
reinsurance 50 per cent 186,376 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $137.-
953 BO: reinsurance pro rata...... 73.SBO 12
All other liabilities 12,205 45
Total Liabilities $333,510 12
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .' $43S.512 94
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other, sources 21.863 68
; Total Incom* $460,378 62
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Firs Losses (In-
cluding $69,022 28, losses of pre-
vious years) $371.7Ti 63
Paid or allowed for Commission or s
Brokerage 120.913 23
Paid, for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,000 CO
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 12.4C9 59
All other payments and expenditures 19.780 CO
Total Expenditures $527.»C5 05
FJre.
Losses Incurred during the year $328,710 60
1
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
- written during the
yea" - - $53,162,147 *61«.5<B S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year....... ♦ 58,364,749 594.655 01
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900. 42.457,319 510.705 92
- --.■" ; ■ _ . * saml. r. weed"
'■ r *£. ,.. (Of Weed & Kennedy), Managers.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me this Tth .
day of Jebruary. 1901.
"• ' -%.V F. FISHBECK. Notary , Public -
- •" "^ SYZ ♦ CO.. General Agents.
Baa Francisco, Cat.
34
"KID" LAVIGNE DEFEATS HEAGERTY IN FOUR ROUNDS
TOO FAST A PAGE IS SET
BY AUSTRALIAN CHAMPION
Knocked Out by the Saginaw Boxer After One of the : Fastest
Fighis Ever Seen Here— The Antipodean Opens First Choice
in Be ting, but Pressure of Lavigne Money Makes H'<m Favorite
QEORGE LAVIGNE knocked out
Tim Heagerty, the Australian
lightweight champion boxer,
after forty-nine seconds' fighting
in the fourth round of their bout
last night before the Acme Club, Oakland.
The fight was one of the fastest ever
seen here. This was in part due to Hea
gerty, who set a pace in the first round
and In part of the second which seemed
beyond human endurance to maintain.
His fast work was remarkable and he
flitted about the ring like a veritable will
o'-the-wisp. The Saginaw Kid was al
ways after him. continually boring in.
Heagerty had only one course open to
him and that was to mix things. No one
has ever been able to whip Lavigne, in
that way and the Australian proved no
exception to the rule. Had he been able
to keep away and let I^avigne fight him
self out" the result might have been dif
ferent.
Lavigne showed much of his' old-time
dash and all his former ability to asslm-
. AjDVEBTISEMENTS. • .
B v COMPANr| E EXTRACT^^
Specialists
tMen *
—
Largest Practice
on the
Pacific Coast.
br.Talcott&Co,
Many Men Treated foi» a Weak*
"i ness Which Ncvrr Existed.
I' K THE LARGEST PROPORTION OF
cauos of losrt vitality, prematureness and the
train of symptoms known as • "weakliest," cer-
tain morbid conditions' of the urethra and pros-
tate rfand, damaeed by early dissipation, too
otten rer»»t«i and too Iode continued excite-
ment «o re»ct on the organs that a condition
of dlmlnlehed vitality and function Is Induced.
Our kncwledre of the -morbid changes In the
organs them»elvc« is Quite clear and full, but
bow these changes operate on the nerve* and
epinal cord center are mysteries to the medi-
cal profession. Whatever the morbid change
may toe. however, the effects are apparent to !
the embarrassed sufferer: these troubles being
•■ymptomatlc of the above mentioned and well- '
deSned morbid conditions, it seems that even
the unprofessional patient must understand
that trtomach drurnrinu will not cure, hut ef-
forts directed toward repairing the damaged
tract will >restore. In t practice »urh 1* the
caee. as the ■ treatment- oh . these lines never
fall* to accomplish the desired result. Colored
chart of the organs sent on application.
.Portland Office: 2501 Ald^r St., Ccr. id.
Sen Francisco Office: 89 7 Market, GUV, 6th.
FIGHTING FACE OF GEORGE LA
VIGNE, THE CONQUEROR OF
TIM HEAGERTY.
ilate punishment. He was severely cut
about the mouth and his nose had a puffy
look when the battle was over. -For the
greater portion of , the fight the blows
followed one another so rapidly the eye
could hardly follow them. It was thought
Lavigne's vitality would give out at the
terrific pace at which the men fought.
He was a tired boxer when the end came,
but he had by. that time captured the big
end of the purse.
Lavigne devoted most attention to his
opponent's body, and in the second round
took much of the. fight out of Heagerty
by his blows there. In the third round
Heagerty staggered* Lavigne, shaking him
up considerably. He showed a clever left,
but made practically no use of his right.
The end came ea"rly In the fourth round.
Lavigne was the aggressor from the mo
ment the gong sounded.
He ripped in several rights and then
sent a clean right- to the jaw, which
knocked Heagerty to the floor. He took
seven seconds on the mat. When he stood
up he seemed dazed, but instead of clinch
ing to avoid punishment he started to ex
change blow for blow with Lavigne. The
latter had all his lighting spirit stirred
up and never allowed Heagerty a mo
ment's respite. He went at him hammer
and tongs and a second right-hand punch,
this time on the neck, sent the Australian
down and out.
, All the Sports Were There.
The attendance was nearly 3000, ' the
BICYCEE BACEB8 ABE
IN GOOD CONDITION
Physicians Say the Terrible Strain Is
, Telling on Their Nervous
• Systems.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— At the begtnning
of the last half of the six-day bicyple
race, with its attendant spills and the ner
vous pension of the ;, riders strained .to
breaking point, the interest of the public
Is greatly on "the increase. This was ap
parent from the presence of. 15,000 people
In Madison-square Garden to-night. The
1700-mile mark in the race was passed at
6:26 p.' ra. In the ninety-secend hour of
the race the men covered fifteen miles and
three laps, while In the s.ame hour of the
record score Miller and "Waller made six
teen miles and four laps. At 8 o'clock the
men -were were 87- miles 4 laps behind the
record.
-All the racers were examined by physi
cians in the evening and were pronounced
to be In good condition. The physical con
dition of Babcock and Turvlile Is excep
tionally good and that team^is looming up
as a decided factor in the race > for first
money. The doctors admit that the ter
rible strain had affected the nervous sys
tems of all the men. ■•: ■
Early In the- evening the trainers of Mc-
Eachern and -Walthour .agreed to with
draw their- protest -against the referee's
decision which refused them the lap they
declared they had gained during the aft
ernoon. It was because ■ of this decision
that JlcEachern threatened to quit, the
race.
A* one-mile match, best two in three
heat*?, was participated in to-night by.
Howard Freeman of Portland; Or., and
Oeorge Schreiber, the indoor champion of
this city. Freeman won the first heat in
3:33 4-5, the riders jockeying all over the
track.- The second heat went to Schreiber
in 3:10 2-5. Freeman won the third and
deciding heat in 3:39 4-5. f
Shamrock; II Scorched by. Fire. 5
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.-Thomas Upton's
cup challenger, Shamrock IT, narrowly es
caped being destroyed by fire to-night.
Only the strenuous efforts, of .the Bremen
saved her.; As it- was, she- was badly
scorched on one side.
The lire burned the boiler shop of the
J. M. Robinson Company at Erie Basin,
Brooklyn, where the Shamrock was laid
up for the winter. - One of the Shamrock's
launches was consumed. The total dam
age from the fire is estimated at $100,000.
Eecords in Aquatic Sports Broken.,
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Two world's rec
ords -were made in aquatic sports at the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club to-day. Wi
C. Miller of New York lowered the swim*
ming record for 25 yards to 12 3-5 seconds.
The former record was 14 4-5 seconds, held
by W. C. Johnson of the Manhattan Ath
letic Club. David Bratton of New York,
in plunging for. distance, set a new mark
at 58 feet. V ■■ \ ■■■>■■■- • -
' WASHINGTON, -Dec. .12.— General Chaffee.
at Manila, reports that the transport Grant
arrived yesterday. ' The 'Kilpatrick sailed yes
terday with 000 discharged and ', short-term
men. - - .. : >• * - '•
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 11901
majority of the spectators being from
this city. Nearly all the well-known
sporting men were present, hardly a
familiar face being missing. The show
ing made by Lavigne was the chief topic
of conversation on the return to this city.
Harry Corbett; "Young Mitchell/' Jack
Welsh and other authorities on boxing
were all surprised and pleased at the
showing made by the "Kid" after his
long retirement from the ring. /
On Wednesday the "men who wanted to
bet on Heagerty could find" no takers. In'
their eagerness they made the Australian
a 10 to 7 favorite. These odds prevailed
until last evening when • Lavigne's ad
mirers commenced to offer their money.
He was quickly installed favorite at 10
to 7, some 2 to 1 bets being recorded. The
wagering on the fight was comparatively
light., ,. ■ :" " .
The men weighed in at 3 o'clock. Heag
erty tipped tlie beam at 128 pounds in his
fighting rig, while. .Lavigne weighed 130
pounds with a" sweater on in addition to
his ring costume. Lavigne was seconded
by Charley Long, Jimmy Lawler and Ted
dy Alexander, while Heagerty had toe
services of Australian Billy Smith, Arthur
Crlbb and Jack Hill; , ...
When the men entered the ring Heager
ty had light tape bandages on his hands,
to which Lavigne's seconds made objec
tion. He removed them at • once. Both
men are about the same height, but La
vigne seemed much the stouter built of
Arthur SImms and Jack O'Brien each
challenged the winner and it is- probable
a bout will be arranged between Lavigne;
and one of them for next month. Jack
Kitcher refereed all the fights. \
Preliminaries End Quickly.
The first preliminary between Kid Mar
tin of New Jersey and Jack Ritter of
Oakland was farce comedy from start to
finish. In the third round the New Jer
sey boy found a soft spot on the canvas,
lay down and after the count of ten Im
posed upon his seconds the duty of carry
ing him to his corner.
In the second preliminary Jim Brown,
probably the darkest colored fighter ever
in -a ring, knocked out Jack Murphy in
the second round. The light was rough
and tumble and lively as far as it went.
-A -stiff right and left on -the jaw termi
nated the bout.
BASEBALL MAGNATES,
: ABE UNABLE TO AGREE
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— An . absolute
deadlock exists over the selection of a
president of the National League to suc
ceed N. E. Young, and the ■. magnates of
the league only argued the day away at
the . Fifth Avenue Hotel. As announced
by President Young at the conclusion of
the day session, "no basebali history will
be made as the outcome of the argu
ment.''
Several meetings were held to-day. The
first was called at 8 o'clock and lasted
until C. The evening session began at S
o'clock and was not over until • late to
night. • • , . .. : ' .
"Merely a reminiscence meeting,'.' was
the way-one of . the men referred to the
heated debate of three hours which oc
curred this afternoon. It was said, how
ever, that the "syndicate baseball
scheme," which was defeated yesterday,
was ■ brought ■ up again ■ to-day, and that
over this the magnates argued pro ' and
con, John T. Brush leading in- the debate.
Strenuously opposed to this measure were
the Brooklyn, Philadelphia, Pittsburg
and Chicago magnates. Behind Brush
were arrayed the. men from Boston, New
York and St. Louis. The chances that
the Brush combination will win' a vic
tory are said to ,be very small. It is be
lieved that some kind of compromise is
all that Brush caw expect.
Contests for Women Golfers.
A notice of several competitions to -be
held among .the ladies of the San Eran
ciscp Golf Club has been issued. The first
contest was to have taken place last Mon
day, beginning at 9:30 a.m., but so': few
competitors presented themselves it was
postponed until Monday, the 16th lnst.'.'at
the seme hour. It-is a tournament over
eighteen holes, . match - play, between
teams -to. be chosen by two captains 'se
lected previously.' The event set down. for
Mqnday, the 16th, is a, driving, contest
under conditions to be announced before
the play begins, the club to present a tro
phy to the winner. This contest will prob
ably be postponed to a later day.: For the
first half of January four, competitions
are set down on the schedule. On Mon
day, January 0. .the qualifying rounds
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
Ladles' Council Cup will take place, the
eight: competitors making the lowest
scores - to qualify for the match . pl^.y
rounds. These : eight,- drawn 'in • four
couples, will play the' first match- round
of the cup contest over, eighteen holes on
Wednesday, January 8. , On- Friday, Janu
ary 10, the second or semi-flnaJ round, and
on Monday, January 13, the , final round
will be played. All- these. events begin at
9:30 in the morning 1 . "■ Kntries ., must' v be
made at the clubhouse before 6 o'clock Dti
the Saturday evening preceding .the com
petitions: ■< .: : ■./,:■-
Christmas '; Cards', and Calendars.
''California; Poppy," ,'. "California "Wild
Flower," "Indian," ■ "Chinese," "Japan
ese" and "Pipe '■ Back Calendars," ;and •• a
beautiful line of artistic Christmas Cards
at Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.*
WASHINGTON, Dec 12.— Ther Navy -■ De
partment has been Informed of : the departure
of the battleship Jowa from Panama for Callab.'
WADDELL TOYS
WITH CRIPPLES
O^kl&nds^Play Poor Ball
and. Are Outclassed
by Americans.
Laj pie Makes His Initial
Hit Off Moskiman's
Delivery.
Ewing's j "all-star cripples" essayed- to
engage America's finest in nine rounds of
what was advertised to be baseball yes
terday afternoon at Recreation grounds.
The spectators, however, -were divided in
their opinion -'as "to whether if was a ball
game or merely a posing stunt on the part
of the tossers-from—Over the Pike," with
Vaddell, the alleged "rube," in the role
of the prize beauty. The Oakland Dudes
seemed afraid to come in contact with
the sphere either on the field or at the
bat. "Red Dog" Deyereaux, he who once
captained the Senators, made an attempt
to play shortstop. Bill forgot to let out
his usual war whoop, and as a conse
quence playfully let a baby grounder tad
pie through him when, three were on the
sacks and two were out. This meant two
easy ones for'Cantlllion's men, and then
ana there they began to do a variety vof
tmngs to the cripples. „ '
William B. Ivioskiman, M.D., who. Is
wise' in medical lore ana sometimes In
baseball, was unanimously chosen to pass
a few to the big league men. 'me doctor
delivered the goods in a creditable enough
manner, but tne men behind him seemed
afraid that if perchance they should win
they would all be in demand by Eastern
magnates, and as none of them were de
sirous of leaving their happy homes they
decided , to lose. The most peculiar fea
ture . of the game was that Lajoie actu
ally got a hit, though really it was only
half a hit, as. Devereaux was slow in
throwing the ball to first. Nevertheless,
it made both Lajoie and the crowd feel
good, and rumor has it that ha bought
all -the boys a drink in order to fittingly
celebrate the occasion.
In the second inning Bradley found the
ball for two stations and scored on Bar
rett's single. However, it remained for
the third to furnish the fun. With three
on the bases. and two gone Davis hit an
easy one to Devereaux, who let the ball
pass him, and two runs resulted. This
unnerved the' doctor, - and before he re
covered his composure the All-Americans
fell on him for five 'hits and four more
points. ■■■ : \
The Eastern stars sent six more over
the route in the fifth, sixth, seventh and
eighth rounds. This was accomplished by
means of a few hits, but mainly through
the misplays and rank errors of Ewing's
men. In the eighth Davis hit, stole sec
ond and third and came home on a little
drive- by Bradley to Dunleavy, which the
latter could easily have thrown home,
cutting off the run. It was a most fool
ish play on the part of Dunleavy, who
seemed to have lost his head completely.
The admirers of Oakland were made
glad when in the ninth round the Dudes
made a last rally and . saved themselves
from a complete whitewash. With two
gone, Strleb accepted a pass to the ini
tial sack and dame around on "Truck"
Eagan's smashing three-bagger to deep
right field. Moskinian had a chance to
bring "Truck" in, but he flew out to cen
ter and ended.it all. " ."
Waddell, "the only Rube," did not use
such terrific speed as he did on Sunday;
but still he was a great mystery. When
he- did let himself out .the cripples struck
out as he willed. Moskiman's control was
npt up to his standard, as he walked fiye
men, r something very unusual, consider
ing that the doctor ha3 the best control
of any pitcher in the league. Old Pete
Lohman threw to ■ second ■ in his old-time
form, catching four of the fleet-footed
Americans trying to steal. The score:
ALL-AMERICA.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickerlr.gr, !. f.. 4 0 1 0 3 0.-0
Barrett, c. t., ..3 1 0.01 0 0
Mercer.r. f. ...'4 1 1 0 3 0 0
Lajoie, 2b ; 5 0 1 0 3 20
Davis, lb..... 4 3 2 *23 10
Bradley, 3b 6,1 2 00 21
Irwin,- bs.' ..4 )3 2 08 0 0
Sulli\Mn. c - .52 1 .0 820
.Waddell, p 4 2 3, 0 1 2 0
Totals ...38 13 13 2 27 9 'T
OAKLAND.
. (■/AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss. 4' 0 0 0 4 4- 1
Mohler, 2b 4 0 10 4 3 2
Dunleavy, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 5 2
Streib, r. f ...3 110 1 1 0
Eagan, lb. 4 0 1 0 10 0 1
Moskiman, p...' 4 0 0 0 0 10
Hamilton, c. t 3 0 0 0 4 0 1
Hanson, 1. f 3 0 10 0 0 0
Lohman, c 2 "0 0 0 14 0
Totals .29 1 4 0 24 IS 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hits 0 0 0 0 1 20 01—4'
All-America 0 1 6 02 01 1 •— J3
Base hits 0 2 5 1 2 11 1 *— is
SUMMARY. ... -
Runs responsible for — Waddell 1, Moskiman
2. Three-base hit — EasaJju Two-base nits —
-.Davis, BraUloy, Waddell. Tirstbase on errors
—All-America 7, Oakland 1. First base on
called balls— All-Amprica 5, Oakland 4. Left
on bases— All-America 9, Oakland 5. Struck
out — By Waddell 1.-. ' Double plays— rMohler to
Devereaux to. Eagan: Lajoie to Davis. Passed
ballr— Sullivan. Timo of game— 1 hour and 40
minutes. Umpire— McDonald. . ■
Postoffice Clerks on' the Field.
thl^d annual game'of baseball be
tween the Oakland and r San Francisco
postofflces, postponed. from Thanksgiving
day, will be. played next Sunday at Free
man's Park' (Golden Gate), Berkeley. The
game will be called at 2:30 p. m. A large
crowd will attend from this side of the
bay. The following Is the line-up:
S. F. Postofflce. Positions. Oakland P. O. - ':,
L. Bonllla. ........ .Pitcher. .. ...... ..R. Fiega
E. J. -Roethe. . . . .-. .Catcher. , . . .... .P.- Peratta.
Don R:- Jacks First base E. Campbell
I. :p. Beban. Kecond base.T, B.'Finnegan
G. ■ A. > Buckingham.Third base. . . .*H;" Skinner
Frank Hardy. Shortstop. .C. Keltom
rC. de la Fontaine. .. Right fleld.-.R. E. Mueller
M: J. Whelan......Left field. .... ...\V. Smith
M. E. Cashman.... Center field :.Ik« Cohea
■■•Captain. •,. . ' ■ * /
-George W. Tost Is manager for the San
Francisco team and J. J. Wichner, H.
Vos8 and Frank Tyrrell substitute play
ers. J. F. Kenney is . manager of the
Oaklands and F^rank, Mitchell, George
Larfear and Sol. Arnold" are the substi
tute players. -■ ■.,:,■ .,■.''- !
■ " - . ■ '■ _:■' • , I.
NOTICE TO^PATRONS.
Owing 1 to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to tie issued
Sunday, December 15, and the; great
volume of extra advertising' already
received, ; no • advertisements " of any
description will be accepted for pubr
lication in that issue after ,, 9:30
p. m. Saturday, t The' Christmas
Call -will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately : illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope!:
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Ready for mailing 5 cents per. copy/
Clocks and Candle Sticks.
We, have, the best line; of superior Gold
Plated Clocks, Candelabra, Candle Sticks.
Candle Vases, Ornaments,'; etc., to be
seen' in this cijy. The public Is cordially
invited to inspect this department. San
born; Vail& Co., 741 Maiket street. ♦
The best short story Bret
Harte ever wrote. • It will ap-
pear in the, Christmas edition
of The Call next | : Sunday.
Don't miss itf
O'CONNOR DOES GREAT WORK
IN THE SADDLE AT OAKLAND
Lou Clieveden, a 50 to I Outsider, Beats Pat Morrissey for the
Opening Sprint— Bedeck Takes Another Purse From a Fair Lot.
Andrisa Outsprints, Her Field— Romany Disqualified for Fouling
PROBABLY Winnie O'Connor's
riding was the moat fetching fea
, turejn connection with the rac
ing at Oakland yesterday. The
•• . • actor-pugilist-jockey put three
winners over the plate in Milas. Bedeck
and Andrisa and received a rousing re
ception from the crowd on each occasion.
Winnie may : not be a crack mud rider,
but he is, assuredly a virtuoso on a dry
track. • -■• .' •■.-•■■•
Aside from the New York boy's clever
saddle work, the only bewildering stunts
were the victories of Lou Clieveden at 40
and 50 to.l and the disqualification of
Romany in the last event in favor of
Whaleback, ! another long-priced horse.
Bedeck was the only successful choice. .
) It begins to look as if Frank Phillips'
sprinter Alfred C was not what he was
cracked up to be. Booked an 11 to 10
choice for the Introductory sprint, the
Golden Garter horse ran unplaced. Lead-
Ing from the start, Lou Clieveden, the
rankest of outsiders, disposed of Pat Mor
rissey by half a. length. ■ •
■•Following this came a cheap mile sell
ing, affair. Windward, piloted by Vitta
froe, finished a length ahead of Mont
Eagle at the wire. The favorite. Mission,
displayed no marked amount of speed
and was unplaced.
O'Connor astride Milas, the Jennings
entry, captured the - two-year-old sprint.
The colt had his odds played down from
4 to 13 to. 6, .'and, -'-taking the lead in the
stretch, beat Be'ndara without much ef
fort. Sol,' the favorite, never seemed ca
pable of reaching the firing line.
A high roller in his line, Bedeck con
tinues to strike soft spots in the selling
plater class. O'Connor brought him along
from "away back" in the seven furlong
run and beat Rollick a length. Jim Halo
was touted, but ran as if a bit new. Bed
ner and Orleans found the company
somewhat too refined. -
So badly has he gone back in his sad
dle work that it begins to look as if Hoar
couldn't ride a work horse up to the town
pump. He had the leg up on Byron Rose,
favorite for the fifth number at six fur
longs, and began making his run on the
far turn. O'Connor took matters quietly
with Andrisa, winning with pounds to
spare by two lengths. . Our Lizzie finished
third.
Romany downed Whaleback a length
for the closing mile run and was disqual
ified. This placed Whaleback, a 20 to 1
shot, first arid gave second money to
Meadow Lark.. Torsida, the favorite,
showed little speed.
Track Notes.
' Marty Dunn, a very promising light
weight, arrived from, the East last even
ing and will ride the horses of the New-
York turfman, L. V. Bell. Dunn was
formerly an exercise lad in the employ
of Barney Schreiber.
•Bab had worked great guns at Ingle
side, ran a corking race and ought to be
hard to beat next time out.
It is about time the entry of Mike
Strauss was refused. It Is only a ques
tion of time when he will fall down and
cause a very bad accident.
Ransom rode Pompino yesterday, and
when a capable rider is put up the geld
ing Is worth a bet.
Our Lizzie showed much of her old-time
speed in the fifth recital and will do
about next time. Adams rode yesterday,
and if the tide is right , Jackson or som j
other good rider will grab the tiller soon.
The entries for this afternoon's 'events
are as follows: •
First race^-Futurity course, selling, all ages:
2781 Nona B. ......113 2921 Gold Baron... 113
2058 Rosy Cross... 97 2839 Billy Lyons... 1(«
2776 Katie Walc't.113 2835 Almoner IK!
2891 Courtier 100 2934 Dawson 07
1210 Carilee .......109 .... Pencil Me lOtf
2050 Clarando 113
Second race — Ons mile, selling, three-year
olds and upward:
(2955)Com. Atfny..ll4 2967 Fridolln 105
2805 Frank Duffy.. 114 2S91 Elmer Ii 108
296(5 Tony Lepplng.lOS 2069 Mont Eagle... 114
2865 Ban Venado.,117 2973 Mead'w Lark. 114
2955 Sidelong 114i 29«1 Censor 10S
2935 Position 114 2968 Favorito .....114
2049 R..de Cuba... 114 1
Third race— Futurity course, purse, two^
year-olds: "■',•■• .
.2940 Huachuca ."..118 2S63 Sister Jeanie.115
2963 The Giver.... 118 27S2 Ishtar 115
2963 Montoya 118 2826 Tufts 115
2910 Flourish 115 2899 Dean Swift... 118
2956 Discovery ....118 2942 Shell Mount., 115
2058 Landseer ..,.115 2910 Porous........ 113
Fourth race — One mile, purse.- three-year
olds and upward:
OF INTEREST TO . PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and Many New Pen
• sions Granted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dee. 12.—Post
oftlces established: Oregon— Corbln, Cur
ry County,- Charles R. Wilfjon, postmas
ter. * ' '
Washington— Penrith, . Stevens County,
George H. Stiles, postmaster../:
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— William Morris, National City,
$8; Patrick Sims, San Francisco, $8. War
with Spain— Albert B. Ellis, Porterville,
J6. : Increase — Cameron- Hayes, San - Jose,
53; James Hanlon, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $8; Reuben H. Willlts, San Fran
cisco, |8; Victor Henry RIchit.. Presidio,
$30; Christian Meyer, Los Angeles, $10; Ell
A. Wimming, Los Gatos, $10; Levl J. New-
Ian, Monrovia. $12;- Mabel Beeson, ■ Los
Angeles, $17. Widows— Statla A. Stratton,
Vaflejo, $12; Matilda. A. Smith, San FTan
cisco, $8; Nancy Green; Fair Oaks, $8.
Oregon— Original— Ammon . H. Damon,
Salem, $6. Widows— Mary M. Ashley, Ba
ker City, $8; Nancy C. Hacker, Keasey, $8.
Washington — Original — James ■■ L. Lacey,
South Tacoma, $6; James L. Dent, Re
public. $t>; Martin J. Hogan, "Vancouver,
$6 ;; Franklin Hall, Lyman, $8. Increase—
Emile , Pomeroy, Centralla, $30; Elisha J.
Fitch, East Clallam, $10. Widows— Julia
Signor, Meyersf alls, : $8.
■. Senator ' Perkins has j introduced a : bill
providing for: a Federal building at San
Francisco on the site of the present old
postofflce structure at a cost of $l,500,000.'
The general army board of which,Lieu
tenant General Miles is chairman has de
cided; to locate the military camp for
which 1 provision . was made In the army
reorganization bill in Northern--Califor
nia at a point convenientand accessible
to San Francisco. The camp will be sur
flcientjy large to •iaccrtmmodate ' 10,000
troops'. .- General S. B. M. Young will soon
leave here for ; California to inspect pos
sible sites and report upon. the most de
sirable location. ■ Camps for a single regi
ment will probably be provided also near
Los Angeles and Monterey . Bay. • •
• The. Postofflce Department has- is
sued the following: - Postmasters commis
sioned: Oregon— James R.' P. Rowe, Sams
Valley; Robertson T. Weatherly, Woods.
California— Appointed— Charles A. Henry,
Powellton, Butte County, vice Josephinu
Maxwell, resigned: ■Washington — Harry
E. Hutchinson, Sauk. ;Skagit County, .vice
Mrs. , A. M. Thompson, resigned. . * '
, These, pensions have been granted :'• Cali
fornia—Original—George D. Mayle,' San
Francisco, $6; Nathan P.' Hoffman, Val
lejo, $10; Robert Trlgg, Soldiers' Home,
Ix>a Angeles, $6; John M. Creed, Berkeley,
$6 t Increase— Edwin 'W, Moore, Sawtelle
$8; John H. Worth, Dixon. $8; William H.
Lamb, Pasadena. $12; James F. Jannlson
Santa Ana,$8; ] Luperola R. Ensign. Chico.'
-Oregon — Original— Robert ■ L. Morris,
$6; Frederick' Surcamp/.Wal
ton, $6; Perry R. Crosswait,' Mount Tabor
$8.-- ■■••■■ ■•-■ .■■■•-
Washington — Increase — William Perl
berg, . Lacenter, $8. . f- '
Jack Dempsey Memorial Fund.
. The men Interested in raising a fund for
the purpose "pf; erecting a monument ,over
the I grave of Jack Dempsey I will meet : to
night in Alcazar .building. The committee
in charge,' • consisting: of Harry ■ Corbett.
John Ij.THerget and. Tim McGrath; has is
sued "a general Jnvitatlon -to sporting men
to attend;
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
.^^^DBACETjaACX-^^
and Mp: value to flr8t> *?;
1 <?. \l v ■ <Ur Fia. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. j*
Index Horse. Age. Weicnt. St Vi. V * tr - f "* :
— : : — '■ : " ,o. *»i 1*4 JL Rector Stuart 20 40
2939 Lou Clieveden, 4.109 1 1112 -1 1^4 DrKoweU..J Matthews 3 16-5
2859 Pat Morrissey, a,. 109 5 ?2Ii<l^1 3*> Joseph Maiden.. .Jackson 3 «
2967 Mid. Chimes, 4.. 114 4 **>*$?& {» p^ Phillips J. Woods 6-» 11-10
• 239t$ Alfred. C. 4 112 3 21 3^ J- *- Klunder & Burns.... See 10 30
2955 Favorito. 4 109 7 7# «h 5 1 »i am Cahm H oar 15 40
|S.g^ ;:::::}«! 1? fj I?. l^5^SgaS::fS5gS- 1 ii
Z'JZ^Jl *.*£«; * .1:15*/ SesiS t£? & &&
no wonder. Mike Rice must have been out late. castatce do
Baron 109, Torsina 114, McNamMam^^ wvvwvvvwv^^^
up; value to first, $325.
index Horse. Age. Weightist. ft. %■ Str. Tin. Owner and Jockey. Op- Cl.
1 Bn 81 \\, \\ "fnk* 4 '1
m m «_v •«>«•« -\\v ' V 1-17&- mile 1*44 Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
batter. Mission ran aa It sore.^JToo far^pJ^A^thony.^^cratcnea^Aias J^^^^^^_
2^ToT~^iRlTjlACB^Six~7uriong3; seTlin?; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
: — - — '■ — : ' ' " Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. #. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Ci^
II |p^i d nsv.:: ?■ II g& 5* 5% c^ n S:S A «ig
AVthurVay ran their Faces. Spl quit without showing much. Others no account. Scratched
— TheManiaoJl^O^ohnK^CaTr^llOj ; ; ._ _ i t
2971. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; seUlng; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
. ■ ■ — " Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. >4. Vi- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. V CL;
f29roi Bedeck .......114 4 1 7 In 11 J. Gardner.... .O'Connor 7-10 0-10
'.^9 Rollick .......111 8 4 1 6 1 3 2 2 4 Burns & Watrhs-.Spencr 4 6
o5?« Orafter Ill 3 62 6b44 Sh L. Blaslngame...Mounce 1») 15
?G77 Jim Hale Ill 2 11 In 3 2 4 10 W. L. Stanfield-buchan, 10 3
loll Ba^ 8 ■ S %■ 1 %' « a 5 2 J. W. Schorr...J. Wood-, 8 29
l<™rx\ Orleajia 109 7 5% 31 5 % 8 4 J - Burrows O'Neil 7 lt>
S)iBedn?r .V.V.V.V.'.m 1 2 2 n 7^*7 F. W. Doss Bullman B 9-3
Ti.r.a—i' -ii- x' '-"XU. • Xi. ••&■ « 1'15* 7 i. 1:2S. Good start. "Won first three driving.
■ T Wlnn« J^GMtaetE'ch." c.^,'y Star Ruby'-Bedott. Bedeck best Grafter skowed im
provement. Jim Hale short Bab worth a swell bet next time. Orleans outclassed. Bed
ner found 'the OTgpajy toofaat«^^^___
2072. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; three- year-olds and up; value to first. $325. :
i f "^ ( Bettintr-
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. V>. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2or.o" Andrisa. ~i Tll9 2 41 45 '21 12- Jennings & Co.. O'Connor 2 7-2
■2S58 Byron Rose 3.^ 1TO 3 3 1 2 1 11^25 Ray Wilson Hoar .112-5
£&7 Our Lizzie 6 114 6 62 65 5 236 W. H. Ketcheman.Adros 30 20
• ?onzo fern! 3.V.. Il2 1 2 h 3^45 46 Elmwood Farm..Mounce 12 art
PomDino 5 114 4 55 52 «0 51 S. Judge Ransom 5 9-2
2839 GoS Runner 5- "114 7 7 7 7 «S Alaska Stable. ....'.Flick 20 10
2896 Sharp Bird, 4.... 117 511" l%3n 7 Ezell & Lazarus.. Bullmn| 2 7-2
Time— K - 24Vi' %, :49; %, 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
■ winner - W B Jennings & Co.'s- b. m. by St. Andrew- Fannie Louise. Winner superbly
ridden ' Byron Rose raced to a standstill. Our Lizzie will do next time out. Vonzollern
. will win shortly. Pompino did not run his race and.wjtji.anykinil.of. a. rider up* will* bear
'watching. Goal Runner can and will do better also. Sharp Bird quit. Scratched— >"ettia
Clark 114, Sea Queen 114.
2073. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up: value to first, $325. .
~" ~ ' '■ ' ! Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight St. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
0055" R 0m any 51.... 1.114 6 6%*n 11 »11 Liberty Stable. ..Jackson 6 10
2955 Whaleback. 5 H-* 4 *3h' 32 3n 2n E. Carey Bozeman • 6 20
«S<*7 Meadow Lark. a..H4 1 72 6h 4 3 35 Elmwood Farm..Moun«< 5 4
29tf> Sad 4 .. 114 7 44 2^,2 2 44 H. L. Haskell-.WlnsIette - 8 15
2960 Burdock. 4.. 114 5 6n 715 4 5 10 J. S. Campbell.. L. Daly 4 6
2035 Torsida 6 114 2 2h 51 62, 6 15 J. McGovern.. Buchanan 3 13-5
•*>55 Go Out' 4 117 8 8 8 7 7 J. Burrows J. Woods 8 T
2765 Mike Strauss, 4.. 114 3 In 12 Bled |W. E. Cotton Hoar 2 S
Time— Vj. - 26- *4 :51Vi: %• 1:17%: mile. 1:44. Bad start. "Won first three driving. Wln
ner ■ e" Carey's br. g, by Ehincombe- Orange Leaf. Romany Interfered with Bagdad and
Whaleback. Torsida sulked. Mike Strauss bled. 'Disqualified for fouling and placed
. last. ■ ■ ; ; -
2966 Rushflelaa ...1191 296-1 Goldone 122
2953 Imp. R. Flush.l22j 2917 Brutal ...^...110
Fifth race- Six furlongs, handicap, three
year-olds and upward:
2596 Cougar 85 (29o")Pitzkanet 106
2904 Articulate ...107 2953 Frank Bell...l0»
2961 Prncs. Tltanla 8tt 2923 Janice 100
Bixth race^ — Futurity course, selllnjr, all
ages:
2939 Abba L 109 2859 Scallywag: ...109
2951 Evander 07 2961 Hungarian ...113
2950 Vantine 113 2891 Gibraltar 110
i797 Com'g Event. Hi .... The Hoodoo. ..10»
(2607)Dang"s Maid. .113 295? Kins Dellis...ll6
2028 Ned Dennis... 113
To-day's Selections.
First race — Courtier. Nona B, Almoner.
Second race — San Venado, Position, Reina
de Cuba.
Third race— Dean Swift, Sister Jeanie, Land
seer. . ' "
Fourth race-rGoldpne. Royal Flush,
These are the most popular, shapes in soft hats. One >
is the Dunlap Crusher and the other the Pan- American. * I
s We have them at different prices, but particularly vefer
you to the ones at $2.50 as shown in the picture. Tn buy-
ing here you get an immense assortment from which to
choose. For instance, these hats come in black, brown, £
cedar, pearl, Oxford, mixed, steel, blue pearl, etc. — in fact
all the colors' in which hats are ever made. Then remember, too, we \
sell hats at clothiers' profits, not hatters'. This may not seem apparent \
when you buy the hat for the reason that it takes a person with loner t
experience to judge felt, but you will find the fact fully, demonstrated
in the wear. ; As stated, the price is •
$2w50
Out-of-iown order? fil/ed-wrifa us. ' J
718 Market Street.
Fifth race^ — Princess Tltanla. Janice, Fiu
kmet.
Sixth race — Gibraltar, Comlnjr Event, Hun
garian.
Racing Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 13. — Crescent City
results :
First race, selling, mile and seventy yards-
Pirate's Queen won. Star Cotton second. Major
Mansir third. Time, 1:48.
Second race, six iurlong3. selling— St. Cuth
bert won. Semicolon second, Little Jack Ilor
ner third. Time. 1:15.
' Third race, five furlongs — Lingo won. L
Samuelson second, The Boston third. Time,
1:02 Vi.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Malay won,
Henry Bert second. Menace third. Time. 1:43.
Fifth race, selling, mile and an eighth — Joo
Doughty won. Swordsman second, Princ»
Blazes third. Time. 1:57. "
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Dorothy Lea
won. Masterful second. Annie Thompson third.
Time, 1:44.GRAVE PROBLEMS
CONFRONT LABOR
Leaders at the Scranton
Convention Become
Irritable.
Socialists and Trade Union
ists Indulge in Some
Angry Talk. «
SCRAXTOX. Pa.. Dec. 12.— Much life
was infused Into .to-day's proceedings of
the convention of the American Federa
tion of Labor. The negro problem In the
South, as far as it related to unionism,
vas unexpectedly Injected Into the pro
ceedings and the long standing conflict
between the socialists and trade unionists
promised to monopolize the attention of
the delegates in consequence of the so
cialists' replies to the trade unionists.
The Questions of organizing common la
borers into a national union and of throw
ing out of unions all organizations allied
with city, State, national or International
unions if they refuse to affiliate with the
federation of Labor were also vigorously
debated.
•The Bodalist incident came up at the
morning session during the discussion of
a. committee report indorsing most of the
recommendations contained in President
Gompers' annual report. JJ. A. Hayes of
Philadelphia, national president of the
Glass Bottle Blowers, and Max Hayes of
the Cleveland Central Labor Union, the
well known socialist, made speeches
etrongly urging the enforcement of laws
prohibiting child labor. The latter during
his remaxKs read a long list of decisions
rendered by Federal and State courts
against organized labor.
A motion to have the list printed in the
minutes brought President Gompers, who
was not in the chair at the time, to his
feet, and the delegates were treated to a
three-minute passionate speech. He said
it was unfair to incorporate the list in
the minutes in that way, and suggested
that a list of the trade union victories
ehould be printed along »-ith it. He con
cluded by denouncing the "attempt to
show that trade unionism is a failure,"
and characterized it as an outrage.
a wave of applause swept over the con
vention as Gompers took his seat. The
motion was defeated after W. B. Wilson
of the miners had spoken along the same
lines as Gompers. The recommendations
of President Gompers were adopted, ex
cept the one referring to a. general de
fense fund.
The committee's suggestion that the
fund be raised by national and labor
unions instead of by the American Fed
eration of Labor was adopted. _,
The Pacific Coast delegates fought
among themselves the proposition to drop
all unions from State, national or inter
national unions unless they join the
American Federation of Labor. The
measure was particularly aimed at the
San Francisco Building Trades, -which is
at odds with the Central Labor Union of
that city.
The committee on laws recommended
that the matter be dropped on the ground
that such a step would be unwise, and
the convention adopted the recommenda
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT GOES UP
Must Come Down.
Nothing- is more certain than that the
use of so-called tonics, stimulants and
medicines, which depend upon alcohol for
their effect, is injurious to health in the
\r:Tig run.
■What goes np must come down and the
elevation of spirits, the temporary exhil-
aration resulting from a dose of medicine
ccntaining alcohol, will certainly be fol-
lowed in a few hours by a corresponding
depression to relieve which another dose
must be taken.
In other words, many liquid patent med-
icines derive their effect entirely from
the alcohol they contain.
Alcohol and medicines containing it are
temporary stlmulantB and not in any
fense a true tonic. In fact it is doubtful
If any medicine or drug is a real tonic.
A true tonic ia something which will re-
new, replenish, build up the exhausted
nervous system and wasted tissues of the
body, something that will enrich the blood
and endow it with the proper proportions
of red and white corpuscles, which pre-
vent or destroy disease germs. This is
what a real tonic should do and no drug
or alcoholic stimulant will do It
The only true tonic In nature is whole-
some food, thoroughly digested. Every
particle of nervous energy, every minute
muscle, fiber and drop of blood Is created
daily from the food we digest.
The mere eating of food has little to do
with the repair of wast© tissue, but the
perfect fiigrestion of the food eaten has
everything to do with it.
The reason so few people have perfect
digestion is because from wrong habits of
living the stomach has gradually lost the
power to secrete the gastric Juice, pep-
tones and adds in sufficient Quantity.
To cure Indigestion and stomach
troubles It is necessary to take after
meals some harmless preparation which
•will supply the natural peptone and dias-
tase ■which every weak stomach lacks,
and probably the best preparation of this
character is Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
which may be found in every drug store
and which contain In pleasant palatable
form the wholesome peptofte and diastase
which- nature requires for prompt diges-
tion.
One or two of these excellent tablets
taken after meals -will prevent souring',
fermentation and acidity and insure. com-
plete digestion and assimilation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are equally
valuable for little children as for adults,
as they contain nothing harmful or stim-
ulating, but only the natural digestives.
One of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
digest 1S00 grains of meat, eggs or other
wholesome food, and they are In every
eense a genuine tonic because they bring
about in the only natural way a restora-
tive of nerve power, a building up of lost
tissue 'and appetite, in the only way it
can be done by the digestion and assimi-
lation of wholesome food.
i * It- dependent upon proper conditions, m
A If the system becomes weakened the g
3 germs and bacteria which Infect It n
3 Immediately attack the tissue and H
;< blood and reduce It to prostration or H
« death. RADAM'S MICROBE KILL- B
it ER infallibly destroys every kind of gl
j gprm or bacilli. H
1 $1 00 a bottle. $3.00 a Jugr. DelH'ered a
4 free to any part ot city. Circulars a
' jER CO 1470 Market st. rhone H
■ Mint K55. Apencies: Los Angeles, B
• Portland and Seattle. a
visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
Jhuseub of timnm\
a C3& i55i mm :i. tot. e±«ii,s.F.cu./
\ Cm Tk* L»rr«t An»t«aical Miaeutn in the \
A ~R World. Weaknesses or *njr c<«itr»cte<* Q
• 5T^ ~5S release p«»i««»»-ly c-«r«dl>y the oldest Y
O /HSl bpeoaiuywi ihe Coast. Est. 36yt»rv. (£
>£ AggA DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM Q
ldfe)8 ConMiltation fre* and *t>i<-t!y private. \
H I 1*5*' ll Treatment personally nr br Irtter. A ff
▼ B flr RH fotitroe Ovrc to erery case undertaken. T
A Mil II A W>« f.» Bot.l. PBIWIOHH Vof /)
¥ I If |}*l n&RnMCE, MAILED FREE. (AY
x A II valuable book for nil!)- \\
9 OB JOKDAB? *«-O.. 1051 Market St.. «. P. V
SENATORS FAVOR
THE NEW TREATY
Monday the Day Set for
Vote on the Canal
Measure.
Arguments Advanced to Show
This Country Has Right
to Fortify Waterway.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The Senate
agreed to-day to take k .vote before ad
journment on Monday on" the new Hay-
Pauncefote treaty for the abrogation of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and opening
the way for the construction of a canal
across the isthmus of Panama by the
United States. This agreement was
reached after four hours of debate suffi
ciently interesting to assure the constant
attention of most of the Senators.
Senator Spooner, who was one. of the
principal speakers of the day, had just
concluded when Senator Lodge made an
effort to Eecure a vote. It developed that
there were other Senators .who'desired to
be heard, the result being that the date
for the vote was postponed until Monday.
The agreement provides for an adjourn
ment of the Senate from to-day until
Monday and for a meeting at 11 o'clock on
that day, one hour in advance of the
usual time. The understanding is that as
soon as practicable after the Senate con
venes Senator Lodge shall move an execu
tive session and that the treaty shall
have the entire attention of the Senate
until a final vote is reached before the
adjournment for that day.
Arguments Favor Treaty.
The principal speakers to-day * beside
Senator Spooner were Senator Money and
Senator Foraker. Money, while finding
much in the treaty to criticize, said that
as, he found the fortunes of the proposed
canal across the isthmus inextricably in
tertwined with the treaty he could not see
way clear to do anything that would pre
vent or even delay ratification. The par
ticular features or the new treaty with
which he found fault were those retaining
the neutrality provision of the Clayton-
Bulwer convention and specifying police
control of the canal when built. He ar
gued that the effect of these provisions
inevitably must be to limit and prescribe
the power of the United States to control
its own property in case o^war.
Senator Foraker maintained that provi
sions of the new treaty meet every objec
tion made to the original Hay-Pauncefote
treaty and cover every essential thing
that was included in the amendments
made by the Senate to that document. He
regarded it as of the utmost importance
that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty should be
wiped out. This result was effected by
the convention under consideration. He
asserted that all' rights of the United
States were amply protected under this
treaty and that our absolute and complete
control of the canal cojuld not be ques
tioned by Great Britain . or any othet
power.
Foraker's speech dealt largely with the
legal construction and the general effect
of the treaty. He said that after a care
ful study or its provisions he was firmly
convinced that it could be honestly sup
ported by every patriotic citizen.
Bacon. Asks Questions.
Senator Foraker. was frequently inter
rupted by Senator Bacon. In the course
of one of these interruptions Bacon asked
if it was not true that under the terms of
the treaty the construction of fortifica
tions by the United States would be an
act of war.
Foraker replied In the negative, declar
ing that not only would such an act not
be an act of hostility, but that to build
fortifications in case of necessity was one
of the inherent rights of the Government.
To this Bacon responded that he, for
one, would never bring himself, to vote
for the ratification of the treaty with the
understanding that his Government was
to violate it.
Foraker retorted 'sharply to the effect
that his friend from Georgia could be no
more virtuous along the lines of main
taining the country's honor in the way of
keeping Its agreements with other na
tions than were other Senators.
Bacon replied that he had not meant to
assume a virtue that he did not possess
nor to Imply that other Senators were not
as Jealous of the country's good name as
he himself.
Foraker then declared that he had not
meant to charge Bacon with an unfair
assumption, but simply to say that like
all other Senators supporting the treaty
he felt ho was giving his name to a trans
action which would be honorably carried
out between nations.
Senator Spooner, who folio-wed, also was
frequently Interrupted by Senators on the
Democratic side. One of the first inter
ruptions came from Senator Bacon and
pertained to the right of fortifying the
canal. Replying to this Inquiry Spooner
said that it was a well-known principle
of international law that all treaties, like
all statutes, must be read together, and
he contended in this connection that the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, the original Hay-
Pauncefote treaty and the pending treaty
for the proper construction of the agree
ment should be considered as one series.
Fortification of the Canal.
The Clayton-Bulwer agreement had pro
vided that there should be no fortification
of the canal and the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty of the Fifty-sixth Congress had
carried a similar provision, but the new
treaty struck out the entire fortifications
provision, clearly showing that England,
after contending for half a century
against fortifications, had waived that
provision, thus practically conceding our
right to fortify the proposed canal.
Questions were asked by Senators Till
man and Bailey concerning the right of
the United States to blockade tho canal
and in reply Senator Spooner insisted that
the Government <jf the United States
could not be bound by any treaty agree
ment which would prevent this- country
defending its own - property in its own
way in time - of war. Senator Tillxnan
pressed the inquiry somewhat and he and
Spooner engaged in a somewhat spirited
colloquy, which, as usual, with them,
ended good-naturedly.
A very important question was raised by
a number of /Senators on the Democratic
side as to the right of the United State3
to give differential . rates to vessels en
gaged in our coastwise trade. Tills mat
ter brought other Senators from, the Re
publican side of the chamber into the
controversy.
Senators Perkins and Nelson were
among those who contributed to this feat
ure of- the controversy. Senator Nelson
Insisted that under existing law the
United States would have a perfect right
to give to the coastwise trade of this
country any benefit it might seen proper
In the use of the canal. It was perfectly
well understood, he said, that the ships
of a foreign nation could not do a coast
wise business and Great Britain had made
the treaty with the full knowledge of this
fact
Senator Perkins made the assertion that
by the acquisition or control of a strip
of territory through which the canal
■would pass the United States -would ac
quire rights which would subject that ter
ritory to our coastwise laws and said for
eign bottoms could not trade between
ports of the United States and any portion
of the territory through which the canal
was built.
This view was combated by Senators
Tillman pnd Bacon, the former intimating
that if that were true, relative to the
United States. Great Britain, on account
of her Canadian possessions and Mexico,
both extending from ocean to ocean, also
could contend for similar privileges. Th's,
he thought, also would be true of any
South American country whose territory
ey tends from ocean to ocean.
Senator Spooner was decidedly of a con
trary oninion and ins'sted that tb»se coun
tries did not pcqutre any rights of a coast
wise trade oharae'er alo^gr th«» route of
the prnnosed canal, which territory was
urt«1er the '•on^'-ol of or which "light be
reeled to t^o United States. The mere
fart that Canadian or Mexican terrltorv
<>xten<*s from oooqn to ocean wouM not
elve them tr><» rleht to make rtemnnrts for
♦ be "cnerip'tv ■ nr business foresight of
tb" United States.
F«>n8tor Rpoo«*>r also contended that the
T7rUi»rf States wmld have a rfeht to con
trol the canal aft»r Its own manner <!■■»•
<ni? anv war to which this country might
be a part;'.
Persitor >f»»son W^.'ected that treaty
nr"-«em«»nt r*vf bir.<^« a nation to tHn
extinction of its military rights and
duties. ' /.. ,.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, l»01.
KNOWLTONI FACES
MANY ACCUSERS
The School Board Hears
Charges Against
Him.
Frincipal Lyser Testifies Pio
\ neer Teacher Is Incom
petent.
. The investigation of the charges of in
competency preferred by Albert Lyser,
principal of the John Sweet Grammar
School, against Ebcnezer Knowlton, was
begun by< the Board of Education yes
terday. Lyser was a conspicuous fig
ure during the hearing, as was also
Mrs. Kincaid who, as a member of the
board, spent her time profitably with her
knitting needle as she listened to the
testimony against the pioneer educator
and of the importance of which she ia to
judge./
Lyse'r testified thai Knowlton' s disci
pline was bad and that his methods ot
teaching were worse. One day the wit
ness went into Knowlton's class room and
was amazed to find that none of the pupils
was able to answer his query* as to "what
effect altitude had upon temperature."
Attorney H. C. McPike floored Lyser
when he brought ou,t the fact that the
pupils in question had been taught under
nis supervision for seven years, and that
at the time of his catechism Knowlton
had been in charge of the class only two
months. Lyser's testimony was in effect
that Knowlton was a great talker; that
he lectured his girl pupils on the 'subject
of rings, and the number they should
wear, and that he once told them- that in
his youth he was the champion candy
eater of his class.
. Frank Morton, principal of the Lowell
High School, regarded Knowlton as being
incomoetent to serve as teacher. Princi
pal Hamilton of the Lincoln Grammar
School said that in his judgment Knowl
ton was a fair teacher. F. H. Clark, head
of the department of history in the Lowell
School, testified that the interests of the
schools would be advanced if Knowlton
were no longer connected with the depart
ment. It developed under cross-examina
tion that Clark was the author of a his
tory of the United States, which is one
of the California v text books, and that
Knowlton had incurred Clark's hostility
by eriticizlns it.
"Can you show In your history whether
or not the United States is in North
America?" asked McPike.
Clark admitted reluctantly that his book
was bad and that he did not claim its
authorship among intelligent people.
"Does your history give the area of the
United States?"
"That history is not on trial," said
Chairman Casserly.
"We desire merely to show the animus
of this charge against Mr. Knowlton." re
sponded McPike. "Knowlton criticized
Clark's history, and perhaps that fact
may have had some effect upon Clark's
judgment as to Knowlton's ability as an
educator."
"When Clark's testimony was finished
Chairman Casserly announced that the
"persecution" of Knowlton was finished,
and when he corrected himself by saying
"prosecution" a general laugh followed.
McPike hinted that the first term might
be deemd proper by some people, but
Casserly made no reply. McPike then
asked that the charcres be dismissed for
lack of proof, but this was promptly de
nied by Casserly. The defense then an
nounced that if given time witnesses
would be produced In Knowlton's behalf.
The matter then went over until next
Tuesday at 9 o'clock a. m.. at which time
Knowlton will offer testimony in his own
behalf.
j* *.
ESS&ICTURES and stories
* for the young and the
old! Poetry and prose! Ser-
mons from the pens of em-
inent California divines! A
new game that you can cut
out of the paper, paste on
cardboard and play during
the long winter evenings!
All of these and much more
in next Sunday's Call — the.
great Christmas edition.
CLARA ELLIS DENIES
THW CHARGE OP FRATJD
Administratrix of Abrock Estate Says
Says She Had No Intention
of "Wrongdoing.
Clara Ellis, special administratrix of
the estate of Mary Kllroy, also known as
Mary Abrock, who was charged by J.
Abrock with attempting to decamp with
the funds of the estate, appeared before
Judge Sloss yesterday and denied the
charge.
Abrock made the charge "Wednesday
and -Judge Sloss suspended the adminis
tratrix and issued an attachment to bring
her Into court. George D. Collins, attor
ney for the administratrix, secured a stay
of the execution of the attachment by
promising to have his client In court yes
terday. When she appeared she emphati
cally denied the charge.
The matter went over until to-day,
when Clara Ellis will appear in . answer
to a formal citation and explain her
methods of administration upon the Ab
rock estate.
Joseph, JPlgel,
Merchant tailoring: at moderate prices.
Second floor Flood building, Fourth and
Market streets. &.-••
Stops Notes Sent to Guests.
Chief of Police Wittman notified the
managers of the hotels in this city yes
terday that he would be glad to receive
Information of all people who sent cards
to the guests of the hotels. Numerous
complaints 'have been made In reference
to women of the tenderloin sending notes
to people whose names are published
among the arrivals In the morning pa
pers. Chief Wittman has decided to put
a stop to this practice. - ■
¥ Jn >r i r 1 r * f * r- p I J >> » r 1 r r f 55?
'" 1*7 — — — — ■ "~ — -Jim. '■ ' I "*
If not yourself, you certainly have friends or relatives who would be k
-^1 much pleased to receive a Christmas gift from our store. We carry the "
largest wholesale stock of Musical Instruments on the coast, v and our 60 k
- " " years' business record is a proof of our fair dealing.
-1 If You Want a Piano v
- » we have the KNABE at the head of our list. 'Tls useless to say this is
the best piano made, as every one knows it. Of course we have others — " i
Jw an endless stock of HiKh-Grade Pianos at low Drlces. •_
,ij In Guitars, ffVlandolins and Banjos
we carry the famous WASHBURN make as our leaders, but we are also
sole distributers of the CHASE line, one of the best made. A most ac- I -
ceptable gift here from $5.00 us. •
"« . The Pianola,
--- the first piano player made, and the only perfect one. All, others arc %.
_ copied after the PIANOLA. *ut none can approach the mod«l.
1- HOLIDAY REDUCTIONS IN EVERY DEPARTMENT. I
" Q • • Open Evenines. - _ . .
_ . 2C-2S-30 O'Farrell Street. San Francisco. " '. "fc
'» ;,%',:' 10JS-3O15 Broadway; Oakland. .. • • _
: ; • the jEMFogrrjML . ;_■ j .^ the emporium. ', | the empobittm. . | the * empobium.
I Open EvznSngs ITlifili" IFIHISMflili^Illiiiyi The Christmas I
g Until Christmas, | Wm%$ B-B»««^wi^gi|^S Periodicals— Ready. §
at A convenience for those who cannot come in the daytime S ¥* A m< 5^ |'?. rr^, a ''* H^^f^Y" $j The "Graphic," London "News," "Black and White," &
at and for those who prefer "to come in the evening to select their AnVCrica.3 <Jr&J\<JC3t OlOfX. .- "Figaro," "Troth" and all of the other beautiful holiday •**
K Christmas gifts and avoid the great rush of the daylight hours. . ; ;. ■ . : ' , .publications can be found on sale at Magazine Counter,, off Rotunda, main floor. "5
j^ Everything to Eat, Drink, Wear or Use can be bought in this store at department store- ' Christmas and New Year Cards and the Calendars for 1902, mor: than 3000 styles, on sale— Ji
at prices.. ' Christmas gifts for all mankind. main aisle, rear oif first flcor. \*'"<J'
I Toys Here as Nowhere Else—-Quantiiies, Prices. I
at ■ ■ ■ ■ ' ' • ■ ■ ' ' ■ . , . . , j-
jf. . : — Any toy or game that your little folks may want can surely be found here at the littlest j #
at- BmSltlieS HOSCy prices such qualities can be profitably sold for. . The toy stock is complefi: to the most minute de- H/ICti*S FSJ/rtSiShiifSfS "*
•? ' - ' _m_\- M • tal * — the dolls,. the games, the animals, the wagons, the mechanical toys are ail h;re in such im- . 4*%n if 5* a SJ *%C ■"#■#*« *e» "*
2» USefUl GlltS. mense quantities and great variety that an attempt at enumeration would require pages of this *O1 fflf? nO.BUSyS. £
_f ' ■ * piper. A few price hints only herewith: . . . ' ' Men's Susoenders— Nice silk web, plain or "^.
a? 103 dozsn Ladles* Imooried. Lisle-Thread " S3* " O • • fancy, with plated and strrl ng silver buckles; )$
at Hose — Lace effect; Hermsdarf Black; two <&?" jt^5t_\- |'« ft I] <? put up in pretry Holiday boxes; pair J5/«0t* •'
• very pretty designs; extra high spliced heels, fTJfls* K J H R Ver y fine T"% *^ web suspenders, in latest •*
If double soles — a most sensible holiday present. y^TyJ / jf /5JMM' ' '■' U nfclaniiii I | Persian effects, with heavy sterling silver x
V These are 50c stockings, marked 0%g% /^j -/^ jKT\j^ \£^§iL y7} Vl i l^'if isXZ. ' 5 buckles $2~5V S
# for this day only, per pair .... 2s& S li*F[ /\ ''■ 'jig <^ iflfini ■ ; --^^^B ■ fcss S ''* Ml f ' Ifrs — In bIack and wh;te ! hems;itch ? d '|
2£< 75 dozen Ladies' Imported two-thread Maco h^l^^t^\^^^ J^j^St Z\ /^^fiiiio^*?? /^LsrT O'/J «s£ ■ ' 5^'a enc * 3; '& ' nc^ es ' on S an< * double; an extra x
K Cotton Hose— extracted polka dots* in all the W^ -%r V y ' \^^S^~^Bl VDm 1^ K^=^==^&7/$ good vilu= ... .«15O S
_\ newest color combinations — the usual 35c X»L^-' . • fe-S^?^/' fc-r==^- Men's G ovu — Dogsk'n in the new shades of 1*
_\ quality, for this day only, the pair _mm._t^ _ "^ * ' red and brown; ou'seraj, well made and 5
tt ■ . . . . 23C Coasters— Red or blue Boxing Gloves— Steam Engin;— Per- .Ring • Toss — Well flashed; every pair^^ guarantied .' . &1.OO %
»* ' , painted oak, body, Made of. gold tan / f ec t niodel of upright made of oak, and Men's He siary— Latest novelties, in lace ef- >C
_t ' . 33 inches long, steel shespskin and well - / »-- ;-;.„• . ,.. . , .. .„. „. , fecti, drop stitch and raised embroidery; L : sle {•
I Children's Xmas W^M W™M ".ow kMt?!%MwMm
K UStClfQtSf DrCSSCS* • • • $2,OO 4 gloves... I.JO safety valve. 5 Jo fun with these in- Hardkerch eft— For men; fine quality, soft £
%S The stock is laree new Larger st\is, Sj.co, Otlur qua Lies up Other s.fs, -j\c, St, .doors or out. . . . bleach, a'l linen, with narrow hem, small em- '5
K /(^[S rfVv very stylish and the S4C0 to $10.50 to $6.50. ' up to $)O.OO. 25c,50c,$1 broidered initial— the latest;' each .. . 25O %
% k hW9h prices most reasonable. ' Boys' Jaoi ChOStS— Chestnut wood box, strongly made ffjSSS;^^^ Hjfdcrnbx.Sl.-40 J*
* a IA\ |L)j^ffl^^g/ with dovetailed corners, containing 19 pieces, including a brace and ll| rr.^^ — — -. 50 other styles of Men's Handkerchiefs, rang- «**
ft jfj |\*tt!f»"8r' Tailored, full ' length Tan bit, hammer, plane, etc. ; the best value we or any one else ever In V[ C~t^L S^lF7ul ing in price, from 3 for 25X» ■ &> £#f «OU jg
II Wv^K Kersey Coats, ages 4 to had at 'the price . ... $1.OO J|j\ yyt^l if per dozen. .%
ai (UJj \ / /i J^. 14 . Q>tf_n nfl Other sir iS — 25c, 50c, Si. 50, $2.50, $3.50, $5.00, $7.50. II « " s a c* — T • at «
If A) t lLs|\ '* "*"*'*«f 1# Our tool chests , above f z.oo are our own packing, and contain only . lz__Z& £ P&Gi*li £>&!*•& CJ $
a{ I L °\ \\ Child's Jacket of best the best of practical tools. , / M$££iz^'{*^M^^ SRlttOVf ffilifTl Q '**
_i /•/\ o dKl quality Kersry; man- Foo.ball — Pebble grain leather, with rubber bladder, j-.|t..u.: — y T - a? '■■■ iL^ -1 pft amt ' B m «
i MA 1 \ '■ taHowd and «lk lining"; . . . i .... . . . V. . . . . $ 1 4 QO ftSP^il^^P fsiiSSSSSFSm S
tt U/jP c A3 ag« 4 to 14; tan or Others up to $4.00. •' ;. ... fcSs^iS=§l^ \ c ,V • u . *'% &
it vZJ** 'Irn - „,... „, ••■- ::■•*;■ n .,- «,. , , , . . , . -, fer-X<->^=rZB[ ■ / • 1000 yard3 of 4M-mch ombre corded p:llow jg
i- _S7- W- Ca!tor £8.5O Kln S.A.r_R.f.e-N.ckel-pl.ted barre', mahogany stock, strong ribbon; rich, «qusite cclorings to b:end P with £
3 7/ ; 'A'^V ? r n * SPMng> -"° 8 • 73 ° <=^^&^ the pillow top; z 7 different sLdes toned from .5
ft I //, \\\ Children s Melton Coats; — ■ L. j ___^_____ ' ,• . j 1 • «■ j c ' n -i «•
|. |i ss*w .jsssseo. "ssssas? i
J Tailor^fztficce silk ind wool suits, "for age, . . <^L ""/f/ Fln f 2^.% >^r- 5 quires" with' ' Pretty GhiiiaWBre S
\i ,0, iV, i 4 fall lined and man-tailored, vel- T^sf ' - WW I2 .l t0 ™* h > ™* »^ 3-^awer * GM'^o : ? ' X
m» ' j ,-. ». . ; \^/ V*- f cabinet, 4 sizes of paper and envelopes .. . CUJ^ t-*t J * « . e
I xIf 6 "««5?S«ST W SW.OO J3L ■ jtL ■■..•■ . .-.;.. !S2.51 This fine Haviland Chin, q_ " $
g .x5,6. S ot«it > ip«:«l»t....^»l#-*r«# J^fV Kurd's 4-quire Box-Cream only, on= rze, Chpcohte S:t; ths nev/ 3f
% ' ■ ~ A > /. \ f.r f\- «o pieces. ........ .$1.50 star pattern; dainty dec- j*
fti 1 Sale Of VW&isiinttS \ \I \ ' \ whi «ng's Cabinet— Of fine stationer)", three cmLn of pink f pray of /k^gs^-gO Si U
at _ _ -m mmT ' ' 1 J sizes, 3 tints, 3 quires of paper and 3 pack- , flowers, with bead . C«SSU?*|/Y St
5° . TO-tlay Onfy &7C. • W • . *& ofenvelope* in neat box. . .$1.25 gold edge; 1^^ W W > 5
%£ .,, -I'-Lr. / A large line of fine paprr in one and a quire ths choco- fyf^\' ' P '/ 2
J A particularly attractive .bargain in. the Dress -*l , J f- \ « boxes at ... S^O, 75© and late pot and <J 5
_t Goods secuon to-day; about looo yards of -? / V MA [ * Dennison's Perfumed Wax Cabinet-5 sticks of ,x cups and -T^SlsS^lfS^ *
at fancy stnpe novelty wasnngs; silk and wool, I / \J \( j ._ W colored wax and two tapers . . . -SjO saucers, onV ' \_A V^L£_l>?* i 2
J in several different stjles of stnpes and a. large pjf-f ff h A j GcU Plated \* Stind-Combined with per- S8 10^ ' S^i 'Ur,i
% variety of colorings,^ including such popular Imj. I /./ /H/ M pctual calendar; will not tarnish .. $1. 50 O'trSe-f- $
it. shades as:— " fl I ' '' // \ Manv tthir stiles. 25c to $2.50. $/.ti8 to $15 co *«
Setose Garnet GoSi,f ' \ D "*Sct-C on.«in g of ,,«ij. inch Wotting Jj 'Lvillnd^na Salad or B=rry S^ ... J
J, O.d Rose ~ T arnet oooeiin I ; 1 pad, 1 ink stahd, 1 roller blotter and pen J «>v «s Jf
S . Castor Navy Brown, etc. , Wit h O ut doubt the fin- , I . wiper, sterling silver mountings, only .'. K i ' ' ' ' "rY '_,' ," ' IZ * . *
g half more; at to-day's special t_Z_7g% this price. An as- "" \UgjT^ Wittrmjo Fountain Pen— Sterling silver Fill- ch ; 12-inch dish and 6 •*
g pnee, per yard ** M C ton.shingly large va- Jl Oil : gree mountungs . . , . ... $ 5 . 00 _ y j^ . £ & J
£ — ■ : ■ nety of fabrics, made mi- Other styles, $2 5 o, $3 5 O, SlO OO China; the seven pieces . ..! . $4.Q O %
fC • __■•■ —_-. up m the up-to-date . ?^ tr Setf— Hard wood revolving rack with Carlsbad China Obaret-Nut or Candy Dish— -g
i &$BB4-f<S3iEP SLUtT* ttyks that the high- £/ brass handles; 4 packs of cards and 300 with handles in center . .,. . . * 2.75 2
I uunor, *&H& a S ;»:'^^ ;! Thefuhionable olfct^oi^oo.-* 7 - 53 ■?
I The .price of .butter is ad- %2J5£S_Z£ S^tfdS g , . _ Sale ot Colored |
J vancing. Before the noli- season's fashions. w e «t. you perfectly, as 2>moKMff uacKGts Sheepskins* *
I daysbutteris usually very 3^*5 $4.85 to §15.00. Wc } wcrc #f«« c * sc^ c C^\ J
g high. We Shall, hOWeVer; charge you ; only ........ : $1S.OO Although many dozens have been sold the holi- lot tO SC 5*1 S* P"" (f r b ° Ut X
2' Cfill tn-H^V nnlv the VerV Boys* Russian Overoats $7.45 — Regular day assortments are still complete— we believe • so come early m the day if you vvan t $
jj, . bell LU~Udy. Ulliy inc c y ' jt io . oo and fl a. 50 values; all this season's ; the prettiest line of Smckng Jackets in town, one. They- arc good value 75c &
K beSt Creamery DUtter, Teg- latest noveltiej, in the newest fabrics in^^ blues,' we are positive the prices cannot be duplicated skins; mostly' reis and grcem th e «
2> ,,1«^ ci-joc/iiKirac -fB 49 ' red, tan and. brown; handsomely trimmed, elsewhere for the same erade3. We have a j • *t_i t j • 1* • * 5
JC ular sizesquares, d^flg* « n^u •* .h-«w«f the popukr^id en«£ b*I f s:rab!c shadcs; , " !c f" c * f °- |
at for Friday and Saturday, on'y ... . &7.&5 \ very newest colorings — make selections early. " a / 4>J|«
at
MILD SENTENCE
FOR INSPECTORS
Collector Stratton Finds
Against Customs ;
Officers. - . ,
The- three customs Inspectors who, after
arresting two smugglers, went on a trip
through water front saloons, drinking and
smoking with the prisoners, and then re
leased their captives on their own recog
nizance for nearly two days have been
found guilty of disobedience of orders and
have been sentenced to forfeit ten days'
pay and to take a vacation for that pe
riod. Customs Collector Stratton took ac
tion yesterday and set forth the verdict
and sentence In a letter. The Collector
says:
I believe from the evidence taken by me
that Inspector Peppln U,isobeyed orders in not
taking two prisoners, Joseph and George Alex
ander, to the County Jail, as per Instructions,
and leaving them in custody there. Notwith
standing hla knowledge of the law he per
mitted himself to be controlled In the matter
both by his feelings and by the advice of
others. • According to the evidence, since it was
somewhat late Saturday evening, the inspectors
permitted both prisoners to leave on their own
recognizance without formal arrest or confine
ment in jail upon their promise to deliver
themselves into custody on Monday I morning.
The prisoners did so report at the time and
hour agreed upon and were then, on the Mon
day following, charged with the crime of
smuggling.
Inspector". Broderlck, I find from the evi
dence, was somewhat under the influence of
liquor when he assisted in taking the prison
ers to the County Jail. He further took drinks
with the prisoners subsequent to the arrest.
Inspector Clifford took one drink with the
prisoners after the arrest. Inspector Peppln
did not drink, but took a cigar. The prisoners
■went • into the custody of the inspectors about
7 p. m., and, according to the evidence, they
reported back for duty at the Mall dock at
10:15 or 10:30 on that evening.
The, special agents of the treasury have
made a report of the Incident to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and It la likely
that an example will be made of the of
fenders.
RUNAWAY KNOCKS DOWN
AGED WOMAN AND CHILD
Horse Causes Excitement on. Market
Street and Dashes Into Na
tive Sons' Monument.
In an exciting runaway, which ■ occurred
yesterday afternoon on Market street,
between Fifth and Eighth, an elderly wo
man, who was wheeling a child In a baby
carriage, had a very narrow escape from
being seriously injured. She was knocked
down by the runaway horse and the baby
carriage was overturned, but neither the
child nor the woman received any injury
further than a slight shaking up.
The horse and light wagon that caused
the trouble are the property of Smith &
Young. 723 Market street. The horse be
came frightened at the corner of Eighth
and Market streets and got beyond the
control of the two boys who were driving.
In front of the Sterling Furniture Com
pany's store the two boys jumped from
the wagon,' leaving 1 the horse to continue
his wild run. Near the corner of Taylor
street it knocked down the woman and
baby carriage. People who witnessed the
accident say that the escape of the wo
man and child was most miraculous. The
runaway was finally brought to a sudden
end\by a collision with one of the stone
corner posts of the Native Sons' Monu
ment at the corner of Mason street. The
post was broken off even with the ground.
NOTICE TO_PATRONS.
Owing to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15/ and the great
volume of extra advertising already
leceived, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. m. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Heady for mailing 5 cents per copy.
Goldenson Blamed for Harris' Death.
A Coroner's jury returned a verdict yes
terday blaming J. . Galdenson for the
death of William A. Harris, . who was
killed last Wednesday by. being crushed
against the shed of the Twin Peaks brick
works as he was driving out with a load
of brick. The testimony was to the effect
that Harris, who was a green driver, was
Instructed by the foreman to follow hs
brother, A. J. Harris, who had gone just
ahead with a load, and that Goldenson
countermanded the order and instructed
Harris to drive by an "impassable route,"
oi\ which he met his death.
Christmas Presents.
Such as Water-Colors, Etchings, i Photo
graphs,' Statuary, • ■> Gold Clocks, Candle
Sticks, . Candelabra, Cameras,. Dress Suit
Cases, Trunks, Valises, Pocketbooks,
Fountain Pens,, Pictures and : Frames.
Best values in every department. Visi
tors always welcome. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. >
Mechanics' Institute Reception.
-The board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute gave a recep:io i last ; night in
honor of the affiliation of the Pacific
Fhllatellc Society, California Association
No; 3, National Association- of Stationary
Engineers, and the -Technical Society of
the Pacific Coast, at the library building
on Pdst street.- Vice President Rudolph
J. Tausslg ; delivered the address of wel
come, following which a very delightful
programme of speeches, songs and musi
cal selections was rendered. . : :• r.
De Longpre's Flower Paintings. ' ;
Exhibition will continue till Saturday at
Kennedy & Rabjohn's, . 21 ■ Post street.
Open "evenings. . : •
RIOTOUS MOBS
RESIST POLICE
Striking Bakers Cause
Small Revolution in
City of Cadiz.
CADIZ, Dec. 12.— This city was in a
state of partial revolution practically all
Fancy Chairs
In Rich Upholstery .
and Fancy Woods,
(T^ -®nf| Sensible Christmas Gifts::
-gMf hi I I < "/t4\ i That 'Please Always.
The days 01 frivolous holiday buy-
ing are past. Nothing pleases so much
as handsome, substantial furniture of the
right style. We. show the very . latest.
THE HOME OF LOW PRICES—THE BIG STORE
SOUTH OF MARKET STREE^^^
Indianapolis Fur future Co.,
750 Mission, Street.
night. Riotous mobs, led by striking?
bakers, armed with knives and bludgeons,
pillaged stores, attacked peaceable people
in the streets, injured a number of per
sons, threw the whole town into a state
of panic and made the night hideous -with
shouts of "Long live the social .revolu
tion" and "Down with the Bourgeois." >
The police were powerless to quell tho
disturbance.
After a series of severe encounters, dur
ing which many persona on- both sides
were Injured, the gendarmes restored a
semblance of order.
Pictures and Frames.
We have everything that is new in good,
moderate-priced pictures and frames, suit
able for Christmas presents. Call and see
them at Sanborn, Vail &Co.'s,741 Markets
UNIONTOWN, Pa,. Dec. 12.— William Allen,
colored, was hanged in the Jail here at 10:07
a. m. Death was caused by strangulation.
56
FRIDAY .DECEMBER 13. i9°i
m *
JOHN^p^SPRECKELS^^roprieto^
kUnu AH Camms&ictUtns to W. B. LEAKS, Kuijir-
MAK ACER'S OFFICE! Telephone Press 204
rUBUCATIOS OKKICE. . .Market and Tfcird, 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 8tere&SOB St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered tor Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cents. * ,
Terms by Mali. Inclndl&s Postages -'
DAILY CALX* (taduOlnc Sunday), on* year. $1.0?
DAJLT **fTJ-. (Including Sunday). C month*.... S.00
DATLT CAXi. (Including Bandar), S month* 1.66
DAILT CALir-Bjr Blngle Mcnth «5o
6TTNDAT CALL. Ob* Tew 1.61
WEEKLY CALX* Ob* Tear 1.0*
▲11 postmasters are authorised to reeelTO
subscriptions. \ \ '
Buspl* espies will bt forwarded when requested.
Kafl •aboertberB In orderlns chanr* of . aAdreM thould b*
particular to c!t* both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to laser* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCKKSS.
Xaaagtr Ttrrign AlTcrtisiaf, Xara,MtU Building, Chicago.
(Lc&g Distance Telephone "Central 2111.")
JCBW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C O. OABLTOIT .* .Herald Square
VnSir TORE REPRESEOTATTVB:
•TEFHESf B. SMITH ...30 Tribune Building
NKW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-AatorU Hotel: A. Brentoao. U Union Rjnare;
Unmj H1U Hotel. .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
•hsraaa Souse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Eons*; Auditorium Hotel..
iWAJHUrOTOlV CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OO O St.. If. W.
M0HTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent
ERATCCH OFFICES— 6T7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opea
until *-M o" clock. tOO Hayea. open until f :S0 o'clock. . CS3
w.tntrt^, opea until l:S0 o'clock. OS Larlctn, opea until
%M o'clock, mi MUrton. open until 10 o'clock. 861 Market,
earner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1091 Valencia, opea
sstll • o'clock. 106 Eleventh, opea until • o'clock. NW,
aomr Twenty *eoond and Kentucky, opea until > o'clock.
tm FUlmor*. open until • p. m.
AMUSEMENTS. '
/
California— "The Cowboy and the Lady."
TItoU— "la Town." i
Central— "Th* Electrician." ,
# Alcazar— "Christopher Jr."
'Columbia— "A Royal Rogue.**-
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Orasd Oper»-bou«e — "A Wlfe'« PerH.**
Chutes. Zoo and Taeater— VauaevlU* erery afternoon and
erenlce.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Becreatlon Park— Baseball.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. '
AUCTION RALES.
By G. H. Umbsen— Monday. December 16. Real Estate, at
14 Momeomery atreet.
OALIFORNIA AND CHRISTMAS.
FROM the people of California there will be
sent this year to friends in the East or in
Europe a great multitude of Christmas* re- .
membrances. These will be scattered far and wide
and will be everywhere valued and treasured. In the
aggregate their cost will represent a "large sum of
money, so that the trade, both in its scope and in its
worth, is a matter of considerable importance.
If the majority of the Christmas presents sent
from California to other lands were made up of Cali
fornia products there would be a double benefit to
the community. In the first place the demand would
give a good market for the home industries that pro
duce the articles; and, in the second place, the dis
tribution of them through so wide an area of country
would materially assist in developing a foreign mar
ket for them. It is true that no individual is going to
send many such presents, and each therefore may
think it will not matter whether he send California
articles or »ot, but the subject should be considered
in the mass and not with respect to the actions of a
single person. The trade is large, the chance of
making known the merit of hundreds of articles of
California production is excellent, and by mutual
agreement all citizens should do their share in mak
ing the most of it
It is well known that the Christmas trade is one
of the largest of the year. So much money is ex
pended In holiday novelties that a period of well
nigh universal economy follows as soon as the holi
days are over. Trade in nearly all lines becomes
dull, and it is some 1 time before business resumes its
normal, activity, From that fact we may derive some
conception of the vast amount of money expended in
the Christmas trade, and most of that goes for the
purchase of presents of one kind or another. Cali
fornia imports an immense line of Christmas goods
from the East and from Europe, while her exports
of such goods are much less. than they ought to be.
A fair patronage of our home industries in that re
spect, therefore, is a matter of good business as well
as of local patriotism.
While we have no notable industry engaged
strictly in supplying goods for the Christmas trade,
we have none the less quite a variety of products ap
propriate for Christmas presents, ranging all the way
from photographs of California scenery to costly
articles manufactured from gold. In the scope of
that variety there is something to suit every taste.
A search of the stores would bring to light "a num
ber of beautiful products of California of which most
people have hardly heard. It would be well indeed
for some of .our enterprising merchants to make a
special display of California goods suitable for pres
ents and thus aid in promoting the patronage of the
home goods. Such a display would be widely talked
about and thus would serve as a good advertisement
for the merchant, so that he would gain by it as
much as would the manufacturer of the goods.
The subject is worth the attention of every one
who takes any interest in the development of the
State. The choice of California products for pres
ents to people in the East «will entail no increase of
cost, and the articles will be much more of a novelty
there than would be any Eastern or European
product Let every one therefore in proportion to
his means help to make this a good Christmas for
California industries by booming the market for
California sroods.
A New York woman is suing the operators of that
curious device known as "loop-the-loop" for damages
on the score that her daughter went insane after
riding in the machine. It was generally considered
that insanity was a preliminary qualification for most
people who ventured into the oerve-racldng affair.
A New York preacher with a salary of $10,000 a
year has been offered the bishopric of Western Mas
sachusetts with a salary, of $5000, and now.he is trying
to decide whether the joy of living on beans and hav
ing a high title is worth the. difference in the pay.
AN ACCIDENT LESSON.
THE greatest railway accident since the" falling
of the • Ashtabula bridge was that x on the
Wabash road in Michigan. •
. As the passenger traffic on American railways
amounts every year to the hauling of fifteen billions
of people one mile, it will be seen that whatever re
duces to a minimum the chance for accidents is of
as much importance to pur people as the prevention
of a fatal epidemic.
The investigation of this casualty makes it appear
that the engineer was confused in reading his orders
and confounded the station names of Seneca and
Sand Creek. The sibilant sound of each and the
haste in examining an order not too plainly written
on tissue paper caused the disaster, for the engineer
ran for a meet. at Sand Creek instead of lying at
Seneca for the opposite train tp pass.
This danger has been for some time recognized
by railroad men. In California we have so many sta
tions with Spanish names beginning with "San"
that the practice i's to "use in railroading only the
last name, omitting the prefix "San." Thus San
Leandro and. San Lorenzo become Leandro and
Lorenzo, in which form they are more easily dis
tinguished. ' "
A railroad does not always have the opportunity
to name its own stations, as it runs to. towns already
established. But these, as a rule, avoid similarity
of names for the 'purpose of individuality and to pre
vent confusion in' the mails. But where stations are
close together the prefixes La, San, Lake, Mount,
Las, Le, Lone, Los, New and others supply the
cause of accident by misreading and confusion. The
use of the points of the compass as prefixes comes in
the same category. When railroads are free to name
new stations which they create for the purpose of
traffic they should be careful to make selections that
are incapable of confusion with others.
It is even advisable to avoid beginning the names
of contiguous stations with the same letter of the
alphabet, since too often the engineer in his haste
catches the first letter'and takes the rest for granted.
The physical equipment of American road? has
long occupied the attention of railway" operators.
Improvement in grades and curves, and such stout
construction of passenger-cars as to enable them to
withstand the impact of a collision at high speed, have
progressed toward perfection. But they have paid
less attention to what may be called the psychology
of operation, that action ofithe mind applied to the
responsibility of train crews who have in charge the
safety of person and pioperty.
Nothing is more common than what is called
"absence of mind," that passing aphasia which
makes a * man forget an appointment, or to
mail a letter, or an errand, the name of a friend,
and sometimes even his own. To this every man 13
subject, no matter what his training or his occupa
tion. In the majority of instances in which it
occurs the results are not serious, and the lapse of
memory or its displacement from the object intended
to one not intended is treated as a joke.
In justice to railway crews let it be remembered
that they are no exception to the rule, which affects
all men alike. But in their case the -consequences
are apt to be immediate and awful, and there is too
great a tendency to treat them as if they were the!
only men subject to this infirmity.
They are entitled to every aid that can be brought
to the support of their wits and their memory, and
the entirely dissimilar naming of contiguous stations
is such an aid and is of first importance.
r A Cincinnati court has placed the value upon a
worthless husband, more eloquently described as
"indolent, loving, lying, gentle, deceitful, persuasive
and soft." In granting the wife a divorce the court
ordered her to pay her ex-husband a dollar a year for
every year of his life. The only sarcasm in the af
fair exists in the fact that the fellow is young.
FLOURISHING TERRITORIES.
ADVOCATES cf the early admission of Ari
zona, New Mexico- and Oklahoma to state
hood will find ample support for their cause
in the report made by the Secretary of the Interior
upon the conditions of those Territories and the
bright prospects before them of an increase in popu
lation and in wealth. He concedes to each of them a
larger population in 1900 than was shown by the cen
sus returns, and in other ways strengthens their posi
tion before the country.
Of Arizona he says the population is estimated at
fully 135,000, and points out that a number of locali
ties in the Territory complain of injustice done by
the census takers. Thus Phoenix was given a popula
tion of only 5544, but at the city election in May,
1901, the registration of voters showed 2317 names,
indicating a population of at least 10,000. As an.ex
planation of the discrepancy it is said the census was
taken in midsummer, when a large proportion of the
people of Phoenix were at the seaside and other sum
mer resorts. There arc 23,503 children of school age
in the Territory; the assessed valuation of property
I as finally fixed by the Board of Equalization is
I $38,853,831. The real wealth of the people, however,
is much larger than that, as much personal property
and mining property escapes taxation. It is added:
"The quality of Arizona citizenship is said to be of
the highest- character; the ■ population t is typically
I American, and the percentage of illiteracy is thought
i to be smaller than in any State in the Union."
Of New Mexico the report says: "The estimated
total population at present is 300,000, exclusive of In
dians, which latter number 12,206. The Governor
takes strong grounds against the injustice^ as he de
clares, which the recent census does in accrediting
the Territory with a population of but 195,310 in 1900.
He asserts that the registration in October, 1900.
which showed 59,297 voters in the Territory, should
serve as a fair basis for arriving at a just-estimate of
the population. Few of the large number of voters
are without families, and even among the miners in
the Territories more than half have families. Reckon
ing, therefore, five persons to the family of each
voter, would make the total estimate of population
205,485." :• V"®>-
The taxable value, of property in New Mexico is
$150,000,000, and the opinion is expressed that. this
sum would be more than trebled within five years
after the admission of the Territory as a State.- The
number of children of school age in the Territory is
53,008, and of those 47.7OO are enrolled as pupils in the
schools. Illiteracy has steadily decreased since the
annexation of the Territory to the Unked States, and
at the present time does not exceed 20 per cent.
Oklahoma, though the, youngest of the Territories,
is the brightest -star s of them all. It was accredited
by the census of 1900 with a population of 398,331,
but. the present estimate gives a population in excess
of 500,000. The taxable value of property for 1901 is
$60,464,696. The enumeration of school children for
the year was 1 14,737- Of the population generally it is
said: "The people of the Territory are distinctively
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1901.
American, less than 5 per cent being of foreign birth,
and the percentage of illiteracy is less than in three
fourths of the States. 'Social life in the Territory
has generally the same "aspects as in the States, with
out there_ being any class distinctions. The com
munity is a thoroughly democratic one, where all
have equal opportunities for advancement and pre
ferment." . ,
It will be perceived that these statements constitute
strong and valid arguments for conferring statehood
upon the three Territories. .Each of them is now
more populous than several of the" States, and each/
has ample resources and area for further growth in
population and in industry. They are occupied' by
people who are quite capable of self-government, and
accordingly there seems to be no reason why their
desire for statehood should not be granted.
ALL stories concerning Henry Watterson's
Presidential aspirations are false. Mr. Wat
terson has no desire to be President. That
much is made evident by his speech at the banquet
of the Massachusetts Association. He stated ex
pressly that he would not be a candidate for the
Presidency unless he were assured beforehand of re
ceiving the electoral vote of Massachusetts. That
settles it.
Having thus put aside ambition, Mr. Watterson in
the remainder of his speech disported , himself with
the recklessness of a free lance. He' admitted that in
some things Massachusetts is better than Kentucky,*
but attributed thejsuperiority to the fact that Massa
chusetts is quite an. old settlement, while Kentucky
"is young yet." Passing to a consideration of the
tariff he declared that the time is not far off when
Pennsylvania will be for free trade and Kentucky
will be insisting upon the continuance of protection.
Then "he broke forth: "What a comedy, the thing
We call government; and what a humbug, the thing
we call politics! And yet, after all, how inevitable.
I believe we shall never approach the ideal in gov
ernment until we have forced public men to speak
the truth." -, fL
From that point the orator proceeded • to discuss
truth and how to restore it to the service of'politi
cians, or rather how to bring politicians to a worship
of truth. He believes the change is going to be ac
complished by filling the people so full of lies they
will become sated and refuse to swallow any "more.
He says: "The press-r-particularly the yellow press
—is doing a noble work to the correction of this
evil, because already people are beginning to believe
nothing they read in newspapers, and after a while,
tiring of the endless daily' surfeit of misinformation,
they will begin to demand a journalism less interest
ing and more trustworthy; and, believe me, when
ever they make this requisition— whenever they dis
criminate between the organ of fact and the organ of
fancy— there will not be lacking editors who prefer
to grow rich telling the truth than to die poor tell
ing: lies."
Mr. Watterson, it will be seen, is an optimist. He
believes we are living "in untoward times," but he
thinks the excess of evil will work its own cure. He
says we are in danger of Mammon, and that there
is a growing use _of money in elections. By way of
getting rid of that evil he suggested to Senator
■Hanna, who was present at the banquet, that the
national committees of the' two parties should ar
range to give their joint note for whatever 'sum they
deemed advisable to expend during a campaign; that
the sum thus obtained be equally divided, and that
after the election the winners should pay the whole
note.,
Leaving that proposition to be considered by the
intelligence and morality of the country, the gifted
Kentuckian pursued his oratorical flight to other
themes and cheered his listening Bostonians by as
suring them that no matter what may happen to in
dividuals here and there who fall a victim to the
temptations of Mammon, the people themselves will
never be corrupted. He declares we are going to
redeem the nations and the races ofithe earth not
only politically but morally. "We are," he said, "to
revitalize the primitive religion, with its often mis-,
leading theologies, into a new and practical system
of life and thought, of universal religion, to which
the Declaration of Independence, the constitution of
the United States and the Sermon on the Mount
shall furnish the inspiration and the keynote, to the
end that all the lands and all the tribes shall teem
with the love of man and the glory of the Lord."
Such is Mr. Watterson's platform. It sounds like
a bid for the vote of Massachusetts, but really it is
a farewell to. the Presidential bee.' Mr.' Watterson
will retire.
New,- Yorkers who have" known Roosevelt as a free
and frequent orator are noting with surprise that
since his elevation to the Presidency he has made but
one speech, and that was no more than a short ad
dress at the Yale bicentennial. It is evident; that
Roosevelt understands- the responsibilities of his.po
sition, and knows that where he is now it is danger
ous to talk too much.
Ananias seems to have chosen Cleveland, Ohio, as
the locality for a modern residence. He has assumed
the character of a newspaper correspondent who says
that two burglars, surprised by a child in a house a
few nights ago; listened to her pleading, begged her
to pray for them, returned what they had stolen and
now- resolve to lead honest lives.
President Roosevelt is being censured by some
supersensitivc persons for giving football. the indorse
ment of his presence. These critics are convinced
that the game is brutal and the President erred in
sanctioning it. It would be intefesting.to know what
these carpers think of .the. president's astounding
conduct at San Juan Hill. . . .•'.• .
A Philadelphia anarchist who is serving a 'term in
prison for murder has asked -'for a/writ of habeas
corpus on the ground that he is tired of his surround
ings. This shows us the futility of depriving anarch
ists of that reward of their trade — a rope.
There is one hope for the internal revenue tax; the
brewers and the distillers have found' it impossible to
work together, and as the chances are that each 'will
keep the work of the other from effecting anything,
the tax will hold its own.
A Paterson woman said the*, other day that she
wanted to' join the angels. She took a dose of hair
tonic, but her journey will have to be postponed until
she finds some agency more buoyant.
The quiet, unobtrusive, .respectably, sedate town of
Providence is making a strenuous bid for popular
ity: There are on the calendars of the* town courts
687 divorce cases to be heard. }-■*'-'' \ ' \' .
It is reported" that Yale's football team made up
ward of $70,000 this year, *and yet there are' some. peo
ple' who say a university career ' is not profitable. *
WATTERSON'S IDEAS.
MISS JULIET WILLIAMS GIVES
HER HEART TO ALEXANDER LILY
SOCIETY will be thrown into a nutter
over the announcement of the en
gagement of Miss Juliet Williams
and Alexander Lily.
Members of. San Francisco's smart set
saw nothing of Miss Williams for three
years until .the last season, and no time
has been lost in taking her back to their
hearts, for she was ever a favorite, and
now to think of losing her again will come
in the nature of a shock to them. •
Mr. Lily, the groom-to-be, is a native of
Columbus, Ohio, and comes from one of
the \jny best families there. \ His father,
M. C. Lily, was during his life time at the
head of the M. C. Lily Company; for many
years large furnishers of Government sup
plies.
Mr. Lily reached San Francisco : only
three days ago and registered at the Pal
ace. He has arranged to remain in this
city for some time, having been appointed
agent for a. number of Eastern compa
nies.' He is a graduate of Princeton and
said to be a very clever man.
The acquaintance began in New York.
Then Miss Williams traveled abroad ex
tensively and it was not until she returned
to San Francisco that Mr. Lily visited her
here and obtained her promise. . ■
It was Intended to keep the betrothal a
profound secret until after Cfirlstmas,
when Miss Williams would have invited
her most intimate friends to luncheon
and confided to them "first; but the news
leaked out before a formal announcement
could be made. There are ;no wedding
arrangements yet, as the affair will not
take place for several • months to come,
but spring will claim Miss Williams for a
bride, '
It will be remembered that Miss Wil
liams made her social debut several sea
sons ago with her sister, now Mrs. Walter
S. Hobart. Her personality is more than
pleasing. She is a splendidly bred girl
with a charming face and manner. Such
a favorite, cannot well be spared from San
Francisco and her friends will do their
best to persuade the young couple to
make this city their permanent home.
• Since her return to the coast Miss Wil
liams has divided her time between tho
pld home in San Rafael with her grand
mother, Mrs. Robert Neale, and the town
house of her cousin, Mrs. Albert J. Dib
blee, at 2717 Pacific avenue, this city. .
Dr. and Mrs. James A. Black gave an
informal dinner in honor of Miss Edith
Huntington last evening at the Pendletoi:.
Covers were laid for fifteen and the deco
rations were red. It was a delightful af
fair. The debutantes of this season were
the only ones of the fair sex Invited and
army officers constituted the masculine
portion of the company.
Miss Huntington will soon be a debu
tante herself, as she intends to make her
formal bow to society January 24 next. In
a few days she leaves for New York,
where she will select her "coming out"
gowns. Miss Huntington is a niece of the
late Collis P. Huntington. She will be a
very popular bud.
The -guests were: Miss Ardella Mills,
Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Catherine "Rob
inson and the Misses McClung, and* Dr.
C. Clark Collins and Dr. McVean, U. S.
A.; Lieutenant Lowenberg, Lieutenant
Brpwer, Lieutenant Babcock, Captain
Kirkpatrick. and Lieutenant Day.
The California Keramic Club closed its
annual exhibition last evening at the
Palace Hotel. Mrs. Hatch carried off- the
honors of the exhibition with her hand
some works of art. Miss Smith also ex
hibited a number of handsome art pieces
which were highly complimented. The
exhibition was the most successful' that
the club has ever given.
William Northrop Cowles and Miss
Marie Zane, two well known members of
the, exclusive set of this city, were united
in marriage in New York yesterday. The
news of the wedding was telegraphed last
night to the Loughboroughs, who are rel
atives of the beautiful bride. ,
Archbishop Corrigan ofliciated at the
ceremony, which was performed at the
residence of the bride's aunt, Mrs. Dr.
Keys,' on Fifth avenue.
Miss Zane is an attractive and accom
plished young lady. she was here
three years ago she was made much of by
the smart set. She comes of one of the
oldest and most esteemed families of
Ohio. The city of Zanesville in that State
takes its name after her father. For the
last few years she has been traveling in
Europe. Her brother graduated from
West Point this year.
. Mr. Cowles is well known in this city.
He Is a member of the leading clubs and
has been associated with the Crockers in
many important business deals. .
The marriage of Edward A. Douthllt,
assistant to Attorney General Dolt: 01 me
Hawaiian Islands, to Miss Edith Ji. Alden.
daughter of Mrs. Victoria Alden of 319
Devisadero street, will be solemnized to
day. Mr. Douthltt is well known in legal
and fraternal circles and is a native of
this city. He went to Honolulu in June
last to accept the position he now iholds
and returned by the latest steamer for
the express purpose of taking a wife with
NOTICE TO PATRONS.
Owing to the large . size of The
Call's Christinas Edition to be issue-l
Sunday, December 15, and the great
vclume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description -will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p.' m. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slop?.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Eeady for mailing 5 cents per copy.
PERSONAL MENTION.
•A." White Brown/' a clubman of -New
tyork, is at the Palace. ;
j W.' F: George, an attorney of- Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
0. Y. Woodward of Woodwards 'Island
is registered at the Grand."
J. R. Haughton, a capitalist of Chico,
is among the arrivals at the Lick;
R. Schmidt, an extensive J wine manu
facturer of Calistoga, Is at the I/lck.
Willing ' G. Blatt. an extensive ehoe
manufacturer of Detroit, 13 registered at
the Palace. . <■" : /' .?• /
J.' F. Moore, a well known sheep raiser
of Santa Barbara, is spending a few days
at the Palace.
Dr. T. J. Cox, a prominent physician of
Sacramento, Is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife.
J.- D. .Farrell, president of the Pacific
Steamship Company of Seattle, registered
at the Palace yesterday.
Choice candles. .Townsend's Palace Hotel.*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Thousands of packages of Cal. Glace
Fr,iilts now ready for shipping. Time now
to send East. Townsend's, 639 Market
street. Palace Hotel. •
Special Information supplied -dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery atreet. Telephone Main 1042. •
The sugar. cane Is now cultivated In
every part, of Africa that has been ex-
plored by whites.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest Wlnt^t
Resort In the world, . offers best living. clima.te,
boating, bathing,'; ,'flslilng\ and . most '. amuse-
ments. ' E. S.- Babcock, manager, Corohado, Cal.
POPULAR SOCIETY GIRL OF SAN FRANCISCO WHOSE ENGAGEMENT
TO ALEXANDER LILT, LATE OF COLUMBUS, OHIO, WILL BE FOR
MALLY ANNOUNCED AFTER CHRISTMAS. - v; •'.;
him on his return, which will be after the
holidays.
' Miss Alden, the bride-to-be, U a charm
ins young: woman,, whose accomplish
ments have endeared her to a large circle
of acquaintances. The wedding will be
strictly private.
Mrs. William Giselman, 720 Golden Gate
avenue, gave a tea yesterday afternoon
from 3 to 6. She was assisted in receiving
by Mrs. "William A. Lange and Mrs. Lewis
Smith. A large number of friends were
present and the affair was most enjoy
able • •*»-'.
Miss Eva Pepler was married last even-
© • \ n n l\ f\ r~> I S
| Lil.uJ'Q OwJ 1
S v s r S n r S W7 ©
8 S
f CHRISTMAS EDITION |
© Will be the greatest Christmas txttmhet ever sprinted in the West* %;
f QO PAGES IN THE 00 •'
S OL MAGAZINE SECTION OL, %
9 ■ ■ j 0
| THE CONVALESCENCE OF JACK HAMLIN. I
§ By BRET HARTH.J •
© A 10,000-word story in Bret Harle's happiest velb, and the most expend •
J five Christmas feature that Ins ever appeared in a Saa Francisco paper. J
| ~ I . g
§ AM ARCTIC ? DAWN I S
O B T JOAQUIN MILLER. J
| SIGN OF THE RED koOSt o
0 By MADGE MOSRIS. . 8
8 THE ROSE OF SHARON f
§ V- By AUGUSTA PEESCOTT. S
S A CHRISTMAS IN YELLOW I
| By KATHRYN JARBOE ; 0
© TLRSE CHRISTMAS SERMONS I
By Saa Francisco Divines. Jp
| MENUS FOR A CHRISTMAS S
g DINNER I 8
q By Saa Francisco's Best Chefs. ' " " •
| A SA\FA CLAU5 STORY ' 8
© . By FANNY W. McLEAN. J
1 L'FE- : S101Y OF THE LATE 8
g MARGARET CROCKER 8
8 -■ • ■ - -. -. i — — • ©
I if\ FULL-PAGE PICTURES 4 r\ §
| I IS Ey th: Follo»in S ArtiU. Ill 8
9 1 \J CAHILL, ERADSHAW. WARREN, KAHLER, OVENS. 1 \J %
• ' PARMENTER EOHRHAND AND BOREIN. €>
I A JOLLY CHRISTMAS GAME. f
Q A Checkerboard, with ru!es, whereby two^three or hur can play.
©; . The greates: Checker game cv=r devissd. •§
0 FREE WITH THE SUNDAY CALL CHRISTMAS EDITION. §
ing to Edwin C. Sharpe at the home of
the bride's parents, 1701 Geary street. The
groom la connected with the firm of the
John A. Roeblings Sons Co.
The ball given last evening at the San
Francisco Verein rooms by Mr. and Mrs.
Sigmund Schwabacher was a very pleas
ant affair. It was in honor of the Misses
Stella and Mina Schwabacher, debutantes
of the present season. Many stunning
gowns were in evidence and the Misses
Schwabacher, who assisted in receiving
the guests, were especially charming. Sup
per was served at midnight, after which
dancing was rtsuzned.A3TD-SEMBKTS.
\ BILL THAT_IS A HUMMER!
Sherrie Mathews, Norma Whalley,
Sam Marion and William McCart,
Flo Irwin and "Walter Hawley,
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels and
the Biograph. Last times of La
Tortajada, Fred Mlblo, Fraser
Troupe and Werden and Shepherd.
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony. 10c: Opera
.-hairs and Box Seats, 50c.
ot*f 6-J SAT R £r A>
CELASCO & THAU. Managers
TO=NIGHT and All Week.
*" The Successful Comedy.
"CHRISTOPHER JR."
Presented by the
I^XCEri-IJCO ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
ttcffuiar Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Bests on sale eix days Jr. advance.
PRICES— 15c, rCc, 25c. COc and 75c
XEXT— "THE GAY MR. LIGHTFOOT."
iPfljk HH 0PERA
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emoticnal Actress,
la Sardou's Great Play,
A Wife's Peril.
MsSe Famous by Lily Langtry.
rOPL'LAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Goo4 Orchestra Pentn All Matinees 25c.
N'ext Week — MiNXIB SELIGMAX in "DI-
PLOMACY."
,*T1VQLI*
EVERT EVENING AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
Last Times of the Famous
POLLARD AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
"IN TOWN."
MONDAY, Dec. 16, The Favorite
riVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
In "LITTLE RED RIDITCG HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone — Bush 9.
: i
'f^^i i 1 fUH HH § Jl "Ji FBASDISCO'S
<i£ »y? Lisa %£ ifsffi E9? i §§ LEMJIi'3 THEATBI
THIS TVEEK AND NEXT WEEK!
LVERY NIGHT (INCLUDING SUNDAY.)
MATINEE SATirRDAY-
Aruerica's Fcremcst Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
Hv Chas. Klein and Tl'm. T. Francis. .
BRIGHT. WITTY. BRILLIANT. . .
On the 23d— MARY MANNERING In
"JANICE MEREDITH."
LAST TIMES.
TKIS EVENING. MATINEE TO-MORROW,
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
S. MILLER KENT,
PRESENTING
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
Ey CLYDE FITCH. Author of "Barbara
Frietchie," etc.. etc
New York Knickerbocker Theater Production.
NEXT — SUNDAY NIGHT,
THOMAS J5FFERSON,
Presenting on a Masmlflcent Scale
"RIP VAN WINKLE." .
SEATS READY.
be Las co *>*° mates y^f^,
TO-NIGHT— Electrician*' Night— I. B. E. W.—
Local No. «..
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Ev*gs.
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
A Big Success. Chas. E. Blaney's Comedy
Draxna,
THE
ELECTRICIAN
An Electric Power-hoaBe In Full Operation,
PttlfF? Evening* ...10c to Me.
1 KXyJ Matinets 10c, 15c, 25c
• Next Monday. . .". . - . . "MULDOON'S PICNIC."
HERE'S WHERE YOU LAUGH.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
Every Thursday, Saturday. Sunday and Tues-
day.
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING.
I THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND DOc.
CHUTES AND^OO
B!G VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW NIGHT. ■
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
COMMENCING SUNDAY.
THE GREAT BICKNELL. .
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
t7IOr i UT7R'Q CONCERT HOUSE
rioUxlHIl «J Remission lOc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; G. S. Wanrell;
Mullaly Bister*; Chas. Barrlngton; Satnella;
Blanche Reynolds; Kalacratu*. and Hlnnchs*
Orchestra. Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one aide of these magnificent
betels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district — on the other re-
. tall stores, clubs, railroad and
to r.ewEpaper offices, banks and ihe-
\ aters. Street cars to all parts of
' the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass 'Ik- entrance.
American and European plans.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
TWO STORM-BE ATEN VESSELS COME
INTO SAN FRANCISCO BAY IN DISTRESS
Fierce Gales Cause
Injury to Ships
From the Sound
VESSELS that have been in the
' great northwester are making
port one by one. Some ! people
seem to think that the collier Mat-
teawan has not been lost, while
others assert she is at the bottom of the
sea. Tales brought to port of other ves
sels seem to bear out the contentions of
the latter and 80 per cent would not bring
forth, a bid on the steamship to-day.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
ship Lucile, from Oyster Harbor, and the.
Leyland Brothers,: from Astoria, The
former was on her way to the Hawaiian
Islands and the latter to England. The
Lucile carries a cargo of coal, while the
Leyland Brothers carries wheat. Both
vessels canoe in here in distress.
Captain Bailey of the Leyland Brothers
said:
We left the Colombia River on November
30. We did not have a very good crew as
nearly all the men were French and could not
epeak English. On December 3 when In lati
tude 46 degrees north, lonerlture 120 degrees
west, we were struck by a hurricane. The
ship was thrown on her beam ends and the
lee -all wa» under water. For twelve hour*
I was not sure of anything and every order I
gave my men miscarried. The Frenchmen
could net speak a word of English, and, of
course, neither I nor my officers can speak
French. At times it seemed as though we
would go down, but, more by luck than good
management, the ehip righted herself and we
were once more in fairly good shape. The
cargo had shifted to starboard, the lower and
man fore topsail yards had carried away, some
damage was done to the deck, and one or two
of the crew had been slightly damaged, but
not to amount to anything, but nevertheless
I decided* to put In here for repairs. I think
we will set away in a day or two.
Captain Bailey did not say so, but the
fact is nevertheless true that the Colum
bia River is in the hands of the crimps
and a vessel in order to get a crew must
take what is offering. Thus the Leyland
Brothers was towed down from Portland
to Astoria and at the latter place her men
were put aboard. A boarding master
went to sea with them and came ashore
on the tugboat. Before leaving he drew
down his "blood money," and then the
captain had a chance to muster his crew.
In the case of the Leyland Brothers nine
tenths of the men could not speak Eng
lish and with English officers it can be
imagined what followed when a hurricane
struck the ship.
The Leyland Brothers was not an hour
in r>ort before all hands forward had de
serted her. When a Call reporter and an
artist went aboard there wasn't a soul left
save the first and the second mates and
the cook. All the others wer« having a
grood time on the front about th*t time.
The Leyland Brothers carries 75.779 cen
tals of wheat, valued at $72,000, shipped by
the Portland Flour Mills. She was bound
for Cork for orders.
WAS ALSO IN THE HUBBICAUE.
Ship Lucile Puts in «Here for an
Overhauling.
The Lucile came Into port late " last
night like a -wounded duck. Her fore top
niasi and niuii: u>*>gau£*ut uUbu . ■
gone and the damage about the deck was
considerable. She left Oyster Harbor for
Kehei, H. I., more than a week ago and
was caurht in the hurricane off the Co
lumbia River. Luckily all hands could
work together and even though the masts*
came tumbling down, the cargo shifted
and the seams opened and all hands had
to go to the> pumps, still there was no con
fusion and the ship rode out the gale.
Yesterday afternoon she was taken In tow
by the tug Sea Queen and brought' into
port. The chances are that her coal cargo
will be discharged Into another vessel and
the Lucile will go on the drydock >for an
overhauling. . . -. _
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
t
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Snipping" Merchants.
The British ship Penthestlea, which has been
In the chartered list for come time, now turns
out to have been disengaged all the time until
day before yesterday, when she was finally
chartered for wheat or barley to Europe, at 37s
6d.
The British ship Elginshire will load wheat
at Tacoma for Europe, 35s, chartered prior to
arrival.
The British steamer Fall of Keltie is char
tered for wheat at Tacoma for St. Vincent, for
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
o : o
Pacific Gas
Improvement Co.
Will Bemove
December 16th
—TO ITS—
New Building, \
No. 455 Sutler St.
Its mains extend
from the Ferries to
the Cliff House.
Gas stoves and ap-
pliances for sale.. Call
or send for the booklet
on gas and its uses,
o ~ -o
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cared by
ESPIC'S filGARETTES.W POWDER
P»ris, jf. ESPrc ; New York, E. FOUQERA & CO.
SOLD EY ALL DRUGGISTS'
AMUSEMENTS.
|§g||^ RACING
E=^^y££i»5*5*w r. very Week Day—
ttr Rtiin or -Shine. •
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
R&ces start at 2:15 p. ni. Enarp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 xn. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 1 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at tne entrance to tin
track. Last two cars on train reserved i'or
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu.
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electrlo
cars co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last rsree.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. V. PRICE. Rfccy. and Mffr.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICAS
"VS.
OAKLANOS
TO-DAY ATJ:45 P.M.
RECREATION PARK,
> ' = » Eighth and Harrison Streets. ./ , - (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1901.
orders, 32s 9d, if two ports 33s Od, chartered
prior to arrival.
The British steamer Willowdene loads live
stock and supplies on Puget Sound for Fiji.
Shipment of Rye.
The Norwegian bark Hereford was cleared
yesterday for Antwerp with 45.S07 ctls rye,
valued at $36,072, and 19,000 feet lumber as
dunnage, valued at $2S5.
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Pegasus was cleared yester
day for Queenstown. for orders, with 80,995
ctls wheat, valued at $85,611, and 20,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at ?300.
The British ship Pegasus was cleared yester
yesterday for Queenstown, for orders, with 00,
822 ctls wheat, valued at ?G3.100, and 17,000
fest lumber as dunnage, valued' at ?2S0.
A Cargo for Melbourne.
The ship Henry Vlllard sailed yesterday ior
\l?;bourne, Australia, with the following cargo,
alued at $70,310:
'•«jr»O cs, 125 bbls and 900 half-bbls salmon,
(3 rolls paper, 837,371 feet lumber. 17,820 lbs
'■'.'l-c.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
' Wednesday, December 11.
fotmr American, Morrison, a days 15 hours
r.-<>m Seattle; put in to finish loading.
Schr Newark, Crangle, ; up river direct.
Thursday, December 12.
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Die^-o, etc.
• Stmr Corona, Gielow, CO hourB from New
port, etc. •
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen. 13 hours from Usal
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 5 days from Coquille
River.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 51 hours from Coos
Bay, etc.
Stmr Arctic. Erickson, 1C hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 7 days from As
toria, via Coos Bay and Eureka 24 hours.
Ship Lucile. Seel, 10 days from Oyster Har
bor; bound to Klhei: put in in distress.
Br ship Leyland Bros, Bailey, 12 days from
Astoria; bound to Queenstown; put in in dis
tress.
• Bark Gatherer, Younggren, 14 days from
Tacoma.
Bktn Gleaner. Schmehl, 10 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr C S Holmes, Thompson, 10 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, 10 hours
from Fisks Mill.
Schr i-illebonne, Helander, 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Bertha Dolbeer, Mathleson, 30 days
from Newport (S); bound to Eureka; put in
In distress.
Schr Western Home. Lembke, 16 days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED,
Thursday, December 12.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, Tacoma; P M SS Co.
Stmr City of Pueb?a, Jepsen, Victoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Ship Henry Vlllard, Straube, Melbourne; J J
Moore & Co.
Br ship Pegasus, Moulton, Queenstown; Ep
pinrer & Co.
Nor bark Hereford, Jensen, Antwerp; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
Br bark Dunearn, Gill, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
SAILED,
Wednesday, December 11.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Echr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Thursday, December 12.
U S Btmr Hush McCulloch, Failing, cruise.
Stmr City of Puebia, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, lacoma:
Ship Henry Vlllard, Straube, Melbourne. -
Br ship Orontes, Bain', Queenstown.
Fr bark Briseux, Gourio, Queenstown.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Volant. Halveson, Columbia River.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN
Per pchr Western Home, from Coos Bay
Dec 7, lat 43 10 N, Ion 120 10 W, Br ship
Garsdale, from Tacoma, for Queenstown
Oct 27, lat 45 N, Ion 20 W— Fr bark Bay
ard, from Barry, for San Francisco.
Oct 20, lat 46 S, Ion «3 W — Fr bark Max,
from Glasgow, for San Francisco. .
OUTSTDE, BOUND IN.
Schr Robert R .Hind, bktn Planter.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Dec 11 — Fr bark Beaumanoir,
I ||j||lii|k closed out for k
\\ The significance of the above few words arc apparent when you
realize that it means that everything in Felts' stock goes for .?•?!. oO.
Whether it be the $6.00 shoes or the S8.00 fancy slippers. ;
" Those ladies familiar with -the elegance of Felts' stock will grasp
the idea of these values. They know full well that Felts' shoes are the
. swellest, most stylish and. fashionable ( creations that have ever been
shown in San Francisco. In getting such fine shoes for $3.."51> yO u .
• are paying even less than Felts paid the manufacturer; for them.While •
! you have seen many shoe sales in San Francisco there has never been
; one where such high-grade shoes were offered at such a small price.
I "And there won't be another sale like it for some time to come. - Buy
: now while you can get your size in the style you wish.
The Walk-Over Shoe Store
|. Felts' Successor ,
924-926 Market Street.
THE BRITISH SHIP LEYLAND
BROTHERS AT ANCHOR OFF
MISSION ROCK.
hence July 10, at Cork, collided with quay,
breaking a olate.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Bertha . Dolbeer, from Newport— On
Nov 27 had a heavy SE gale, disabling steer
ing gear. Put in for repairs.
Per Br ship Leyland Bros, from Astoria,
Dec 12 — Sailed from Astoria Nov 30, bound to
Queenstown. On Dec 3, lat 40 N, Ion 12(i "W,
experienced a hurricane from SE to SW,
throwing the ship on her beam ends. The lee
rail was under water for twelve hours.; shifted
the eartro to starboard and carried away the
fore topsail yard, main fore . topsail and did
sllsht damage on deck. Put into San Fran
clsco for repairs.
Per ship Lucile— Sailed Nov 23 from Oyster
Harbor, with 2150 tons coal. , bound to Klhel.
On Dee 3. lat 4.1 51 N, len 130 15 W, had i
heavy SE gale, shifting to SW hurricane, with
high mountainous seas. Ship filled to rail with
water, carried away foremast head- and every
thing attached, also main topgallant mast and
jibboom, also dolmc considerable damage to
decks. •
Per bark Gatherer, fro«n Tacoma, Dec 12 —
On Dec 3, lat 43 50 N, Ion 130 W, experienced
heavy SW hurricane, with high confused sea,
filling decks with water and doing considerable
damage to deck; carried away spanker boom.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOP.OS, • Dec 12, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity G miles. , . ■ .•
DOMESTIC PORTS.
rORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr
Greor.wocd, for San Francisco; stmr Mineola,
for Nanairrio. ■>
Arrived Dec 12 — Stmr San Mateo, from Na
naimo.
Arrived Hec 12 — Stmr State of California,
from San Francl:;co, for San Diego; stmr Santa
i;eeu, from San Diego, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Dec 12, at 5:30 p m
— Stmr Mineola, from Port Los Angeles, for
Nanaimo. . *'
VENTURA — Arrived Dec 12 — Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec .11, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Expan
sion, from Tacoma; schr Louise, from Ump
qua. Dec 0 — Schr Marion, from Tacoma.
• Arrived Dec 12 — Br stmr Strathgyle, from
Hongkong.
Sailed Dec 12 — Br stmr Willowdene, for .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 11— Br
stmr Falls of Keltic, from Mojl; etmr Hya
des, her.ee Dec 8, for Seattle. •
Passed in Dec 12 — Br stmr Falls of Keltic,
from Mcjl: stmr Dolphin, from Skaguay; Br
ship Pinmore, from Santa Rosalia.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 11 — Stmr Eureka,
hence Dec 10; stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
. Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 12 — Stmr Luella, hence Dec 11;
Btmr North Fork, hence Dec 11.
Sailed Dec 12 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Homer, for San Francisco; stmr
San Pedro, for San Francisco; schr Otlllie
Fjord, for Hllo. -
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka; schr W S Phelna, hence
Dec 7. Dec 12 — Br stmr Strathgyle, from
Hongkong.
'Sailed — Br stmr Willowdene, for .
Arrived Dec 12— Stmr St Denis, from En
senada.
NEAH BAY — Passed out Dec 10 Ship
America, from Comox. for San Francisco, and
not stmr American, as before reported.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived. Dec 12— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 11.
Sailed Dec 12 — Stmr Coquille River, for
San Franolsco.
ASTORIA — Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; Nor stmr Tiger, for St Vin
cent; Fr barks Gen Mellnet, Europe 'and Hen
riette and Br ship Barfillan, for Queenstown.
Sailed Dec 12 — Br Etmr Cleomene, for
Queenstown; Nor stmr Guernsey, for ; Ger
bark Schwarzonbek, for Queenstown; Fr bark
Amira! Cornulier, for Queenstown.
Arrived Bee 12 — Schr W J Patterson, from
Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 11— Br ship Elgin-
Shire, from Yokohama; stmr Hyades, hence
Dec 8.
Arrived Dec 12— Br stmr Falls of Keltic,
from Moji.
Sailed Dec 11 — Br shia Pass of Melfort, for
Queenstown.
Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Coronado, hence Dec
8; stmr Dolnhin, from Dyea.
Sailed Dec 12 — Stmr Czarina, for Tacoma.
Sailed Dec 12 — Stmr Coronado, for Everett.
BALLARD — Arrived Dec 11 — Schr Mildred,
from Port Townsend.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 11 — Bark Agate,
from Port Townsend..
Sailed Dec 11— Schr W F Jewett, for San
Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 11— Schrs Chas
R Wilson, Queen, Lizzie Vance and Roy Som
ers, for San Francisco; schrs Wavooa and
Orient, for San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 12—HrIe Harriet G, for San
Francisco; scbr Lottie Carson, for Guaymas;
schr James A Garfield, for f-an Francisco. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 12 — Bktn Ska
git, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 12— Ger bark 11
Hackfcld, from Oregon; Ger bark Nal, from
Oreeron.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Dec 12— Ship
AIpx Gibson, from Cape Tov/n.
Arrived Drior to Dec 11 — Shin Luzon, from
Manila. -
SYDNEY— Sailed Dec 11— Ship A J. Fuller,
for Honolulu.
Arrived Drior to Dec 11 — Br stmr Moana,
from Vancouver; strar Ventura, hence Nov 14.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 10 — Br shiD Dud
hone, for Tacoma.
MOJI— Sailed Dec J>— Dutch stmr Wilhel
mlna, for Port Townsend.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Dec 11— Br stmr
Glamorganshire, from Portland, for Hull.
BRISBANE — Sailed Dec 0 — Br stmr Aorangi,
for Vancouver., : -t • .
COLON-^Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Alliancd,
from New. York. . <
Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Advance, for New York.
NAGASAKI — Arrived Dec 10 — U S stmr Eg-,
bert, from Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed I>ec 12 — Stmr Deutsch
land, for Hambursr; stmr L'Aquitaine, for
Havre.
MANILA — Arrived Dec 12 — Stmr Moyune,
from Seattle, for England.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Vic
toria, frotn Tacoma, for Hongkong.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Dec 12 — Stmr Belgen
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Majestic, from
New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 12 — Stmr Graf
Wa.lderf.ee, from New York.
KOBE — Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Pins Suey, for
Seattle. Dec 11 — Stmr Glenerarry, for Ta
coma; stmr Glenroy, from Tacoma, for Lon
don.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Minnehaha,
for New York.
Steamer Movements.
. TO ARRIVE. ■ -
. Steamer. From. Due.
San Pedro . . . Humboldt Dec. 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 13
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 13
Maria Nanaimo Dec. 13
Santa Barb.. Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 13
Newburg (Grays Harbor „ Dec. 14
S. Portland., i Seattle Dec. 15
Edith Seattle Dec. 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 15
Pomona Humboldt .'....Dec. 1(5
Lcelanaw.... N. Y. via Panama Dec. 10
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 16
J. S. Kimball Stattle & Tacoma Dec. 16
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 17
Coptic China & Japan Dec. 17
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 17
Washtenaw.. Tacoma Dec. 18
Tucapcl Valparaiso & Way Ports! Dec. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 18
Sequoia. Grays Harbor Dec. IS
Rival...' Willapa Harbor ........ Dec. 19
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. ID
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Point Arena. Point Arena Dec. 19
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Dec. 23
Nicaria. Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 25
San Jose . Panama & Way Ports.. Dec. 25
Herodot Hamburg & Way Ports. |Dec. 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 13.
Mandalay.. Coquille River ..... 5 pm Pier 2
.Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt "..... l:30p Pier 9
December 14.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 10 am PlerlC
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way...'. .9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier "7
December 15.
Eureka Humboldt ...... 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
December 17.
Walla Wai. Puget Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 9
December IS.
Newburg... Grays Harbor ....'.. 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
December 10.
Peru China & Japan. ..... 1 pm PMSS
December 20.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
i . December 21. ■ i
Sequoia Grays Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier 2
December 22. f
Rival... 1 ... Willapa Harbor 5pm! Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
• December till.
l,celanaw.. N. 'T. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. '■ ~ For. Saila.
Eli Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 15
Cottage City. Skagway & Way PortsrtDec. l(i
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Forts.(Dec. 18
City of Topek Skagway .&. Way Ports.lDec. 21
Dlrlgo Skagrway & Way Ports.lDec. 22
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Dec. 25
Sun, -Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
: Times . and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. \
NOTE — The high and . low * waters occur r.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide 13 the same at both places.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 13. a
Sun rises ........".......; 7:16
Sun sets .: : ;.....4:5l
Moon' sets 7 :25 p. m.
M Tlmo Time i Time ' Time
g Ft. Ft. —. — Ft. Ft.
• .' H\V L. W H TV L W
liT 1:54 4.6 6:05 3.2 12:00 5.6 7:05—0.4
14 2:31 4.8 6:5a :t.2 12:41 5.3 7:42 — ».2
15 3:00 - 4.9 7:40 .'S.2 1:31 5.0 8:22 0.1
16 3:41 5.0 8:51 2.8 2:31 4.7 0:0« 0.5
17 4:21 5.110:03 2,4 3:44 4.3 ft:57 1.0
18 !5:00 5.3U:11 2.0 5:00 4.0 10:52 1.4
19 5:41| 5.5|12:11| • 1.3| 6:301 0.0|ll:49 1.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the ' tides
*\ 'ivtyh DE. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
UnrJVlATTiTiA/i AnftftTin for the cure of diseases peculiar 'to
ilillil fsWilr.fi ■sSlnnllK women. It will cure any disease which
WilUlVJliiUU i s curable by the use of medicine, and
:: ;: : '■'"■■"■ ■ ;, often cures diseases pronounced incur-
In the original meaning of the word able by local physicians, or which they
every woman was a aueen, for the word state are curable only by surgery,
queen meant woman. In monarchic « Fayonte _ Prescription » establishes
countries the wife of the king became regularity, dries weakening drains, heals
the qwxn—tke woman. In America we inflammation and ukeration and cures
give the word back its original ' meaning female weakness. It is the best prepara-
?.nd every woman becomes a queen. live for motherhood ; tranquilizmg the
The crown of womanhood is maternity, .nerves, encouraging the appetite and in-
Every healthy woman looks forward to cluang refreshing sleep. It makes the
marriage. Every wife looks forward to baby's advent practically painless,
motherhood as the crown of wifehood. "Fo r five years my wife was in an
And yet there are many uncrowned almost helpless condition, sufiencg from
queens ; .women who because the desire female weakness," writes J. B. Everritt,
for children is unrealized feel that they Esq., of Hagennan, Washington Co.,
have missed the full regal height of Fla. « Last September I decided to try
womanhood • Dr - Pierce's Favorite Prescnption. She
It is one of the sad features of a large took several bottles of the medicine
bureau of medical correspondence such aQ d gave birth to a ten-pound son. on
.'/■_ January 31st, 1898. She
/ . i*^»&i 1S ncm ' s 01111^ an^ well and
f I //; . /^^^L ' doing her housework."
. . \ lv /' T?®iR& nl « lad] y
AY^O^r //, Z^?£2# Dr - Puree's Favorite Pre-
-^^ T "sfSf f scription," writes Mrs.
OWS-M^ /^>^VSr W J V\\ J- W.G.Stephens, of Mila,
/tizMSM^S \^ite m \ Northumberland Co., Va.
y'y '^J^ik^L/^^^^^J/ Y^«m\ "'Before my third little boy
y> I— Y^rTl y R was born I took six bottles.
/hi \ \\# S^N. \ \ \\ / V X&Ul'A He is the finest chiM and
' iff u!\In ifesSt^^g* ' Wj,i has been from birth, and I
Y*| ij >« ~"f I ! I fr=* / iftl'l suffered very much less
/^T-^ilijfr^&if V $T\j \V $? / • I \vH t * ian ? ever did before. I
(^^Js-Pw* • \ r< -e*"^ -ir / 1 W unhesitatingly advise ex-
\^5^>\yi%<)|*v V jjVJi / I 1 pectant mothers to use
rS^^ ' \ M I I " >v » Jr 'Favorite Prescription.'"
< M»r V >r Np 1 fv^ / |M I tfg^iLlwl AN INVITATION ■ } .':?£\'
'tiP^iwWfflStf/fiMWxs. \\U / /111 • Sick women, especially
®*SMIWW'V^X \M / /I! th08e suffer W *»« SSj
/£t*.\S '^ Mft I //fil -«) W.vi 1/ ■ All %% ease i Q chrome form, are'
L^y^V^^"^ / \f / // \A\\\ W / \ W Pierce, by letter,/,**. All;
\^k X^y MS&gxl I V\\\ V / lUI correspondence is held in,
p^lX X^^^^^£r%ll \l\W\ J, lily sacred secrecy and woman-.
Jtv fjt^ WSl ttV 'WWW v^ 'IIO ly confidences are guarded!
/^M K \M^i \\\ \v$* \ v h y t^ he s ? me strict P rofes - !
i\ \ \M 1 ' 1 \\\ »\ \V' \V sional privacy, observed by ',
C^%^" l\\\x\\\- ' \\\ \\\'U Dr.Pierce in his personal;
m n^J // I \ \ W ft \\\ \ \\ I consultations with sick]
vWS^s. /I 111 \\\ \\ I women at the In-validsV
' \ )\>L \ V\ \\ ' Hotel and Surgical Insti-j
; >3 I \ I// V \\ tute » Buffalo » N - Y - Ad -
-^M^\ \[ J \ ''' ' \\ dress Dr.^.R. V. Pierce,:
- 1 ♦ x Buffalo, N. Y.
as is conducted by Dr. Pierce, of Buffalo, " In a little over thirty years, Dr. Pierce, |
N. Y., that it "lias to deal so many times f chief consulting physician to the In-|
with the disappointed hopes of women valids* Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buf-!
who have failed of the happiness of falo, N. Y., assisted by his staff of nearly!
maternity. But it is one of the glad a score of physicians has treated and)
privileges of this same medical corres- cured hundreds of thousands of weak;
pondence bureau that in the greater and sick women,
number of such cases, the obstacles to Dr. Pierce's offer of free consultation
maternity are overcome by the establish- by letter is not to be confused with mis-;
nient of the womanly health. leading advertisements of "free medical
Not infrequently women, write that advice" made by those -who have neither
they feel perfectly well and- cannot the professional qualifications nor the
understand why they are denied the legal right to practice medicine. Any-
maternal happiness which they desire. one can give advice on any subject. But
Such women' learn that feeling well and the « medical advice "of a person who has.
being well are widely different matters, no medical knowledge must be worthless
Few women are by nature debarred from and may be dangerous,
the happiness of maternity. In the In consulting Dr., Pierce, women are
majority of cases Dr. Pierce's Favorite addressing a physician whose skill as a
Prescription, supplemented by his free specialist in the treatment and cureof
medical consultation by letter, are suf- diseases peculiar to their sex has given
ficient to establish the womanly health him a national reputation. There is no
and remove the obstacles to maternity. similar offer of free medical advice which
AN OPERATION avoided. ° ffe " equal to those offered
iBH imp
Blanche E. i Evans, of Parsons. Luzerne. ,„ A MEDICAL work FREE.
Co., Pa., Box 41. "When about to give Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
up in despair I saw the advertisement of Adviser, containing over one thousand
Dr. Pierce's medicine in the Wilkes- large pages and more than seven hun-
Barre Record, and thought I would give dred illustrations, several of them litho-
it a trial as a last resort. I bought a graphed in colors, is sent free on receipt
bottle of Dr. Piercers Favorite Prescrip- of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
tion from the druggist, T. F. O'Donnell, This great medical work deals with
of Parsons, and after taking it felt better subjects of vital interest to women. It
than I had for years. Felt improved treats of medicine, hygiene, and physi-
before I had taken one-half of the bottle. ology ; of the laws of reproduction and
After I had taken four and a half bottles of biology in general. It teaches how
I gave birth to a bright baby girl, who is to enjoy health and happiness in a long
now four months old, and has not had a life. There is no charge for the book,
day of sickness. She is as bright as can Send 31 one-cent stamps (expense of
be. I cannot say too much in praise of mailing only), for the volume in doth
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription." binding, or 21 stamps for the book in
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is paper covers. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
peculiarly and specifically a medicine Buffalo, N. Y.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The helght3 given are in
addition to the soundings of the / United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
•given is subtracted from the depth given by the
B i ■ • • . . -■■-.■ : : B)
° W T W W H-* "
I Pr6S6ntsll
B« Bi
bi '■ ■ ■ . a
BI ■ ... .' — : ■ — ' • B
■ 200 FEATHER BOAS, value for $10.00, will 0D II CI 5
m v »k M U ■ I mm'
m be placed on sale at yUiUU m
I 106 LADIES' BLACK AND ; COLORED TAILOR- g
,H 'MADE SUITS, value for $20.00, Q|0 RH ■>
i sale price S
m 100 BLACK FUR COLLARETTES, value for 01 7C ■
I $3.00, sale price ; lHI*IU §
ra : .-;-- r . ■"• ■-, ■?,{*■':./ '.:'. /-j<-<^ ■ • ' ' ■
m 200 LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED DO Cf) H
I ' SILK WAISTS, value for $8.00, sale price.. <$D»uU B
CS '■■; D
I 100 MISSES' RAGLANS, latest style, new shades, all sizes ■
B from 10 to 16, • value 'for $12.00, sale CJT CO H
I price &|*UU S
m ' 'X-h- . ■*;•; •-'■■ ..;.-■ - ■
5 . . Ladies .will find above values as represented, buits ■»
E| made to order. Perfect fit sfuaranteed. E3
.B . ' . ■- ■. " • B
fid . • • ■ .. ' ' . . ■
S3 / — T— B
m ■ ■ .4 b
ESI ' ' i|m-j_ ' -m 't^ttsm -mtTT^t^. _n_ BB
I 1142-1146 MARKET STREET. |
BBBBBBBHSBaBBBBBBBBEBflaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIBlB'
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean o£
the lower low waters.
The Pacific Mall Company's bigr cruiser
Aztec sailed for Tacoma yesterday. She
■will bring a cargo of coal to San Fran
cisco. —
Roanoke Bye, Honey and Horehound.
It3 quality tells the story. • *
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Decreased exports of specie.
Wall street weak and rather lower.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Silver higher and Sterling Exchange loiver.
Wheat freights very firm. Wheat off again.
Barley quiet and Corn dull, but steady.
Heavy transfers of Oats reported.
A cargo of Rye in the stream for Europe.
Bran and Middlings firmer. Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still dull.
Potatoes steady and Onions weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Provisions lower at Chicago and quiet here.
Hogs in lighter supply and steadier. Beef and Mutton firm.
Fresh Fruits about as before.
Poultry and Game continue in ample supply. *
Prunes active and advancing.
Exports of Specie.
■ Exports of specie from this port during the
first eleven months of the year were $11,895,
359. against $21. 621.008 during the same time
in 1900, the leading descriptions being as fol
lows: Silver bullion. $4,282,064: Mexican dol
lars. $4,832,338; gold coin, $1,698,734; silver
'coin. $195,096; currency and bonds, $643,509.
The leading destinations were. as follows:
, China. $8,896,584; New York, $2,857,087; Mex
' Jco. $100,000.
Dried .Fruit in New York.
aiail ed vices from New York say:
"The spot market for domestic loose and
reeded raisins Is In very strong position, all
low-priced goods having been cleaned up by
local jobbers and seeders in consequence of the
l-eported practical cornering of the market for
loose in California by the "High Five," or
redding combine. The latter have withdrawn
*tl prices on loose and seeded except on 4«i
crown loose and it is currently reported in ad
vices from the coast that the combine will offer
no more loose 2-crown and 3-crown to the
trade, but will seed their entire holdings of
1 hese goods and name a new price for the seed
ed product %c to %c above the former quota
tion of €>«ic f. o. b.. coast, for. fancy. One
larpe outside packer has named quotations for
seefied of 6c for choice and 6%c for fancy, but
the trade is not at present disposed to buy at
these figures and no effort is being made to
j-ush business on that basis.
"On spot seeded are held from 7S7 %c for
choice and from 7%@7%e for fancy. One lot
of the latter description is reported still avail
able at 7%c. Spot supplies of loose are not
l^lieved to b* large and the market Is very
firm at 5%©5%c, with some holders asking
es high as 5%c. Since the first news of recent
developments en the coast reached the East,
well-informed dealers and seeders have bought
up all the loose 2-crown and 3-crown Musca
tels in this and other Eastern markets. A num
ber of cars vrere purchased by New York houses
in Boston, where the market was lower than
here. There was comparatively light buying
on the tpot yesterday at the higher range.
"Valencia layer raisins are rapidly becom
ing scarcer under a good steady demand, both
■ from local and nearby trade and also from
Canadian cities, and the market is very firm
at 7<57%c. Sultanas tell only moderately well.
Poaches and apricots are going on well for the
season of the year and there Is a firmer feeling
in the former article.
"Santa Clana prunes, new crop, are firmer
en the coast from a 3c to a 3%c basis, accord
ing to eize. Some holders ask up to a 3%c
fcaeis for sizes S0-90's and 90-100's. Visalia
larg» sizes are reported still obtainable at a
2%e baFis and Sonomas are quoted %c higher.
Ppot prunes are in ftir demand and practically
unchanged.
. "Low-grade figs did a little better at yester
day's auction sale and the market continues
strong and active. Dates sold low. 2C00 boxes
being disposed of from 2%@2Tsc"
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian— Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec 12 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 16.01 15.59
Red Bluff 00 9.66 6.80
Sacramento 00 5.98 6.42
Sin Francisco... 00 5.80 5.88
Fresno 00 • 2.17 5. JO
Independence 00 1.34 2.18
San Luis Obispo 00 4.56 9.94
lie Angeles 00 2.46 6.79
fan Diego 01 .77 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64: minimum, 44: mean. 49.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratrres were reported from Eastern sta
tions: '
. Borton, 44-36: Cincinnati, 42-34; Washing
ten. CC-30; Jacksonville, C8-56; Kansas City,
34-32; New York, 48-3S; Omaha. 26-22; Duluth.
22-14; Salt Lake City. 2S-20; Chicago. 34-30;
Et- Louis. 40-36; Philadelphia. 52-38.
THE COAST RECORD.
*~ " c g z o 2 5
3 S — 2 1" o bo 2.
STATIONS. 3 =3==^= £oS.
. 3 ;-3 : 3 e 3 I *
: • • : : 3
Astoria 30. 36 40 r/> NE Clear Tob
Baker 30.38 24 14 NVV Clear .00
Carson 30.28 £8 18 NW Clear T.
Eureka 30.16 48 34 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.08 4<: 30 NW Clear .00
riagttaff 30.16 2fi IS NW Clear .02
Pocatcllo. Ida. 30. 24 IS 10 NW Clear .00
Independence.. 30. 0« 34 22 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles... 2a. 96 68 38 N Clear .00
Phoenix 29.82 54 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 30.38 36 30 NE Clear .00
Red Bluff 30.12 52 :» N Clear .00
Rastburg 30.34 ST. 26 SW Clear .00
Sacramento... 30. 08 **t :I8 NW Clear .00
Bait T.ake 30.12 20 20 W Clear .00
San Krancisco.30.08 54 44 W Cicar .00
8. L. Obif=po...30.06 54 30 N Clear .00
Kan Diego 29.1)2 Wi 4ti SE Clear .01
Seattle 30.40 36 24 SIS Cloudy .00
8}>okane 30.36 20 18 S Cloudy .00
Neah Bay ."0.36 40 V,2 S Clear .00
Valla Walla.. 30. 42 32 26 SW Pt.Cldy .00
2S 12 SW Clear .00
Yuma v. ,2».t>6 56 42 NW Clear .00
' Temperature — 7 a. m., 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over Nevada, Eastern Cali
lomia end Arizona. The temperature has
fallen 10 degrees or more in Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona. Conditions are not favor-
Fble for milder weather and heavy or killing
. frosts are likely to occur again Friday morn
.tng generally through California. Fruit grow
ers have been warned that smudging will be
necessary.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 13, 1901:
Northern California — Fair Friday; continued
'cold weather; killing frosts Friday morning;
l:ght north wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday: killing
frost Friday morning; continued cold weather
light northerly wind. Orange and lemon-grow
ers are again warned to fire their coal baskets.
Nevada— Fair Friday and continued cold
vreather: light northerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday:
fceavy frost Friday morning ; continued- cooi
leather; light northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— Speculative liquida
tion continued in the stock market to-day, in
duced by the stringency in money, which ran
the < s II loan rate up to 12 per cent at one
time and forced a good ehare of liquidation.
Other selling was precautionary, in • fear of
rtill more ttringent conditions in the. money
market. A very material element In the day's
weakness was the short selling by the bears,
, who became emboldened by the lack of ' sup
l-ort tn the market and ■ put out very large
short lines. When the market turned tne
ljeare found they had been following the de
cline too closely and they helped on the rally
by biddira; against each other to get back
stocks. The rally came when the banks came
into the exchange market for the Arst time
late in the day and offered large sums at the
lirevailing rstc. which wae at the high level.
With the satisfaction of the demand by these
oScrinss the rate fell away and , the pressure
on the stock market was quickly relaxed.
Dealings by the bears was the one element
In the rally. This was not fully held and the
market closed Irregular. Losses are shown
practically throughout. There is nothing ob
scure about the situation of the money mar
ket. With surplus reserves shown to be below
$ 7. 000. 000 in last Saturday's bank statement
and with laree seasonable credit allowances
known to be pending it was obvious that the
money supply would be limited. The outgo of
gold is continuing, in spite of the . need for
money, to-day showing a withdrawal of $500,.
000 from the sub-treasury for shipment on
Saturday, said to be for Brazil. The renewed
demand for the interior is also an unexpected
development and was continued to-day with
the transfer of $100,000 to New Orleans. The
redemptions of Government bonds are not suf
ficient to offset the requirements of the sub
treasury as is shown by yesterday's net Bain
by that institution of $439,000. in spite of pay
ment in redemption of bonds of upward of
$1,500,000. Besides the general influence of
the money situation there was some special
weakness shown by New York Central at a
decline of 3% on the restriction of action by
the directors of Vanderbilt roads at to-day's
meeting to an advance In the dividend rate
on Canada Southern. Northwest dropped 4
and Omaha 0. Pennsylvania and Norfolk and
Western fell over 2 points. A decline of 2\b
in Manhattan led the weakness in the local
tractions. Among the industrials Colorado
Fuel fell 6% on rumors of dissensions In the
corporation. General Electric lost 8. American
Linseed preferred 5 and Tennessee Coal 2%.
without special explanation. The general
range of declines ran from 1 to 2 points.
Louisville at one time falling 2%. The ex
treme losses were much modified by the final
rally. Amalgamated Copper fluctuated from a
high level of 71% in the mornlngr down to
07 in the afternoon, closing at 6S%, a net
loss of 2'i- ?
Bonds were active and weak. Total sales,
par value, $3,545,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 28.800 75% 74V 4 75%
Atchison pfd 18,500 98% 96% 07li
Baltimore & Ohio.. 9,100 101% 99% 100
Baltimore & O pfd 93^4
Canadian Pacific .. 2,700 112Vi 111% H1V4
Canada Southern... 5,100 S5tt 63% 85%
Ches & Ohio 0.300 45% 44% 45%
Chicago & Alton... 2, C00 34 33 33%
Chic & Alton pfd 70%
Chic Ind & Louis.. 1,100 46 45'i 45%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 200 74% 73% 73>4
Chic & East Illinois • 134%
Chic & Great West 4,100 22% 22% 22%
Chic & G W A pfd. 200 86 85% '85%
Chic & G W B pfd. 100 43 43 42%
Chic & Northwest. 200 20:1 202 202
Chic R I & Pac l.«00 147% 146 147%
Chic Ter & Trans.. 400 15% 15% 15%
Chic Ter & T pfd.. 300 30 29 Vi 20
C CC & St Louis.. 2,200 06% 96' 06
Colo Southern 1,200 13% 13% 13%
Colo South 1st pfd. 400 65% 55% 56%
Colo South 2d pfd.. 300 24% 24% 24%
Del & Hudson 2.700 171 168 170
Del Lack & West.. 800 243 242 243
Denver & Rio G... 800 43 41>i 41%
Denver & R G pfd. 900 92% 92 92
Erie 29,700 39 38 38%
Erie 1st pfd 7,300 70% 69% 70%
Erie 2d pfd 4,100 55 .53% 53%
Great Northern pfd 1,4W 183 181 181%
Hocking Valley ... 900 C2 COT, 61%
Hocking Val pfd... 1.000 81% 80% 81
Illinois Central ... 2,400 137 130% 130%
Iowa Central . 700 37 36 36
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 72 71% 71%
Lake Erie & West. 1.400 66 65 65
Lake E &»W pfd 125
Louisville & Nash. 26,100 105 102% 103%
Manhattan L 6C.200 134VI 131% 132%
Met St Railway 12.600 158% 156 157%
Mexican Central... 1,600 22% 22 22%
Mexican National.. 900 13% 13V4 13%
Minn & St Louis... 1.300 108% 107 108
Missouri Pacific 22,200 102% 100% 101%
Mo Kans & Tex... 300 24% 24% 24%
Mo K & T pfd 1,000 50 49% 40%
New Jersey Cent '. . . 175
New York Cent 33,300 164 160% 1(32%
Norfolk & West... 13,200 55 52% 53%
Norfolk & W pfd.. • 90
Northern Pac pfd.. 700 99% 99% 99%
Ontario & West 7.100 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 41,500 147% 145 145%
Reading 35,700 47% 45% 45%
Reading 1st pfd 5.900 79% 78% 78%
Reading 2d pfd.... 13,600 56% 05% 55%
St L & San Fran.. 300 51% 50% 62
St L & S F 1st pfd. 100 80% 80% 80
St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 60% 69 CO
St L Southwest 800 27% 26% 27
St L Southwest pfd 4.800 58 57 57%
St Paul 44,400 159V4 157% 158%
St Paul pfd .* ..... 187
Southern Pacific... 38,600 57% 66% 57%
Southern Railway.. 42,700 32% 31% 31%
Southern Ry pfd... 9,100 91% 00V4 90S
Texas & Paclflc 3,300 38 37% 37%
Union Pacific 81.500 9Sv 8 97 , 97%
Union Pacific pfd.. 3,100 88 87 87V.
Wabash 0,300 22% 21% 21 Ti
Wabash pfd 13,400 41 40 ' 40%
Wheel & L E itu,
W & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central. 400 20% 20 • 20 'i
Wis Cent pfd 1.400 40% 40 40%
Express companies —
Adams .t ig5
American i^5
United States 100 S3 S3 S9
Wells-Farjjo igo
Miscellaneous — ,
Amalg Copper 119,900 71% 67 68
Am Car & Foundry 1,700 30 29% 23%
Am Car & Fun pfd 600 85% 85 85
Am Linseed Oil kj
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 46 46 45
Am Smelt & Refln. 4,200 43% 42% 43%
Am Smelt & R pfd 3,700 07% 96% 90%
Anaconda Min Co. 7,500 31 29% 29</:
Brooklyn R Tran.. 13,800 61% «0>/> C1U
Colo Fuel & Iron... 4,700 80% 77% 79
Consolidated Gas.. 4,100 213 211% 213"
General Electric .. 2,000 277% 271 275%
Glucose Sugar 200 39 39 39
Hocking Coal 500 15 14% 34%
International Paper 500 20 20 19«i
International P pfd „ 77
Internatnal Power. 100 89 89 88%
Laclede Gas 90'
National Biscuit .. 400 43% 42% 42%
National Lead 600 17 17 16>>
National Salt 30
National Salt pfd.. 100 C2 . 62 61
North American .. 100 92 92 92
Pacific Coast 500 74 73 74 U
Pacific Mail 1.000 45 43 43
People's Gas 8.700 97% 9QVi 07V-
Pressed Kteel Car.. 1,200 39 .18% 3S-)i
Pressed S Car pfd. 800 a:% 82 U 82 Vi
Pullman Palace Car 2,100 212 211 211
Republic Steel 15
Republic Steel pfd. 1,400 (,•» CS 67%
Sugar 10.1100 120% 119 119;*
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 9,1O() (il% 68% 60 '"
Union Bag St P Co. 700 14 13% 13T'
U Bag .t P O> pfd 200 74% 74% ~2\
U S Leather 4,200 11% 11% us;
U S Leather pfd... 1.000 81% 81% SHi
US Rubber 14 1>
U S Rubber pfd... 200 50% 50% 4.1
II S Stoel 59.100 40% 3S% 40%
U S Steel pfd 32.400 90% 89% 00%
Western Union 2.100 91% 90% 92 1?
Am Locomotive ... 4,100 30% 20% ,'M)
Am Locomotive pfd 1,100 S7?£ 87% ST
Total sales . . . .970. 100
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2s reg.,.108% L & N unl 4s. '. . .102%
Do ref 2a coup. 109 Mex Central 4s... 82%
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc.... •»%
Do 3s coupon.. 108% Minn & St L 4s..l(ttCi
Do new 4s reg.. 139% I M K & T 4s 97%
1 Do new 4s cp..l39%| Do 2ds 81
Do cd 4s reg.. 111% NYC lsts 100%
Do old 4s coup.112% Do gen 3%s 110
J*> Ss reg 107% N J C gen 5s 131%
Do 5s coupon.. 107% N Pacific 4s 104^
Atchison gen 4s.. 102% I N Pacific 3s 72%
Do adj 4s 04 N&Wcon4s.. 102%
B & O 4s .102% Reading gen 4s.. 0S%
£° •!%« - 96% St L & I M c 5s.lltt
Do conv 4s 103% StL&S.F 4s... 07%
Canada So 2ds...lO» St L Swest ltts.. 95%
Cent of Ga 5«....1O5 Do 2ds 78%
Do 1st inc..... 75 S A & A P 4s..". 89%
Ches & O 4%g...lO<5% S Pacific 4s 91%
Chic & A 3%s... 85% S Railway 5s. ".120
C B & Q new 4s. 97% Tex & Pac lsts.. 118%
C M & St P s 4s. Ill Tol St L & W 4s. 81%
C & N con 7s 13S% u Paclflc 4s.. ...lC4Ti
C R 1 & P4s....lOti% Do conv 4s 104Ti
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL./ FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 19O1.
CC C & StL g 4S.10214 Wabash lsts 117^
Chicago Term 4s. 90 Do 2ds 112V,
Colo & So 4s 88% Do deb B. . . . . . 63% I
D & R g 4s 10314 West Shore 4s... 114
Erie prior lien 4S.100 Wheel & L E 4s.. flHi
_Do gen. 4s...... 8S% Wise Cent 4s.... 90
F W & D C lsts.104 Con Tobacco 4s.. 62?i
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Do pretd 90
Call loans 4 @5 Westinghse com.. 73}j
Time loans 4&@5 Mining —
Bonds — , Adventure ....... 21 .
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez 4>£
Gas lsts 80 Amalgamated ... 67%
Mex Cent 4s 80 Baltic .... 39
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Bingham ./ 27%
/Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.640
Atchison. 75 Centennial . '.. 14
Do prefd 97 }£ Copper Range.... 57^
Boston & Albany. 258 Dominion Coal... 46%
Boston & Maine. 101 Franklin 14V4
Boston Klevated..lG7 Isle Royale 2O'/ 2
N T N H & H...212% Mohawk 36Vi
Fitchburg prefd.. 145 Old Dominion.... 23%
Union Pacific 97^4 Osceola 87
Mexican Central. 21% Parrot 31%
Miscellaneous — Qulncy .150
American Sugar. .lfSHi Santa Fe Copper. 3>4
Amer Tel & TeI..160Vj Tamarack 268
Dom Iron & Steel 24% Trinity 14%
General Electric. .273 United States 14%
Mass Electric... 33% Utah 19%
N E Gas & Coke. 5 Victoria 5%
United Fruit 90 Wlnona 2
U S Steel 40 Wolverine 53%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20. Little Chief. 12
Alice 9 45 Ontario 8 50
Breece 15 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con.... 75 Phoenix 07
i Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl ••• 02
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 02
Dead wood Terra... 60 Sierra. Nevada 06
Horn Silver .1 90 Small Hopes.. i... 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard ...3 6Q
Lead v Me Con 06
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram cays:
Disturbing elements in the stock market to
day were a fresh drop in copper to £52 5s the
ton and in Rio Tintos to 41%, and the- con
tinued flatness of American stocks which failed
to hold the opening prices, nervous bulls clos
ing their contracts. New York came again
as a seller, but a rally toward the close on
Amalgamated Copper dividend talR was only
momentary, as London thinks the company
squeezed resources to support the market. The
close was at the bottom on private cable dis
patches announcing dear money in New York.
The Bank of England is still lending. Money
is expected to be tight, but the bank returns
show that reserve is £4,000.000 higher than
a year ago at the same time, and, therefore,
nothing serious Is anticipated.
Gold to the amount of £20,000 has gone to
the Continent and the price of the metal has
risen to 77s lOd on the Continental demand.
CLOSING,
LONDON. Dec. 12. — Anaconda, 6%; Atchi
son. 77%; do preferred. 101%: Denver and Rio
Grande, 43%; do preferred, 84% ; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 102; Southern Pacific, 59%;
Union Pacific. 101%; do preferred. 00%; bar
silver firm, 25 7-lCd per ounce; money, 3% per
cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12. — Money on call was
strong at 3@12 per cent; last loan, 5 per cent;
ruling rate, 9 per cent: closed offered at 5
per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per
cent; sterling exchange was weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86% for de
mand and $4 82%@t 82% for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 83@t 84 and $4 87@4 87%;
commercial bills, $4 S2%«T4 82%; bar silver.
56c; Mexican dollars, 43%c; bonds — Govern
ment, steady; State, strong; railroad, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury : Available cash bal
ance, $109,461,446; gold, $115,629,332.
Neiv York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. Dec. 12— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,835 barrels; exports, 8930. Quiet and easy.
WHEAT — Receipts. C2.700 bushels. Spot,
weak; No. 2 red. 85%c f. o. b. afloat and 82%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 84%c f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. 92c f. o. b. afloat.
Options had a firm opening on local covering,
but immediately fell off under renewed liquida
tion from public sources, from which they
drifted into afternoon dullness in absence of
Liverpool cables, ruling barely steady. Re
ceipts were small In the Northwest, but crop
pews favored bears. Closed weak and %©%c
net lower. March, S5?fec: May, $4y.<fj85%c,
closed 84%c; July. 8i@84%c. closed 84c; De
cember. 82%@82%c. closed S2%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice,
6 13-16c; mild, steady: Cordova, 7%@llc. Fu
tures closed steady and 5@10 points net higher.
Total sales, 27,250 bags. Including: December,
$6 60; March, $6 75@0 80: May, $0 95@7; July,
$7 20: August, $7 20@7 30.
SUGAR — Raw, steady: fair refining. 3 9-32c;
centrifugal, 06 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 l-32c; refined, steady. ■>
BUTTER — Receipts, 2800 packages. Quiet
and easy. State, dairy, 15@23%c; creamery,
16(^25c; June creamery, 18@22c; factory, 12 %@
15%c.
EGGS — Receipts. 4700 packages. ' Steady.
Western, at mark, 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
A fair business was transacted In the mar
ket for evaporated apples. Choice and fancy
grades were in moderate demand at full prices,
while the rest of .the list was held steady.
State, common to good, 6@8%c: prime, 9@9%c
choice, 9%@9%c; fancy. 10@10%c. ' "
California dried fruits were dull but about
steady at old prices.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS — Royal,- 10014c; Moorpark, 9%@
13c. .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@10c; unpeeled, 7@
10%c. . . . - **
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 12. — Weakness was felt In
all Brains to-day. Wheat had a quiet and
heavy market. A severe storm off the English
coast prevented the arrival of Liverpool cables,
but the weak tone in the London market was
thought to reflect the tone at other big marts.
Business at the opening was fair and prices
remarkably steady. Northwestern receipts
were rather light, but later the primary re
ceipts showed heavy Increases and had a de
pressing effect. Selling was the main influ
ence, however. There was Dractlcallv no
country buying present and there was a heavy
liquidation at prices over 80c for May/ May
opened %@%c higher to %@%c lower at 80%c
to 80c, and en the absence of support at those
figures sold down quickly to 79%c. Fr.om this
point it was a narrow scalplnar market. The
close was weak, %@%c down, at 79 %c.
Corn sold oft heavily the first hour, follow
ing wheat. Late in the session several trad
ers began taking on long line, and frightened
shorts covering-, sent prices back slightly. May
closed weak, %c down, at 66% c.
- Oats followed corn. May closed %c down
at 45c.
Hog products were given poor support, both
locally and outside. January pork closed 15:
down, lard 2%c off and ribs 7%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2— • • m
December .. 75% 76 75% 75%
May 80% 80% 70% 79%
July S0% \ 80% 79% 79%
Corn. No. 2 —
December 63% 63% 62% B3%
May 66% 66% 65 T^ fit;Vi
July 66% '60% 65% C6%
Oats. No. 2—
December 44. 44% 43% 44%
May 45 45% 44% 45%
July 39% 40 39% S9%
Mess pork, per barrel —
January 16 65 10 62% 16 40 16 40-
May :....16 87% 17 07% 16 80 16 80
Lard, per 100 lbs — .'■ ,
January 9 87% 9 05 9 87% 9 87%
May :...9 82% 9 95 9 82% 9 82%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— "
January 8 40 8 47% 8 32% 8 T.7%
May ...8 57% 8 65 8 52% 8 55
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, eas
ier; No. 3 spring wheat, 74% c; No. 2 red, 79 %@
S2%c; No. 2 oat«. 46%c; No. 2 white, 48@i9c;
No. 3 white, 47%©4S%c; No. 2 rye. 63%@64%c;
fair to -choice malting. 58@62%c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 43; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 44; prime
timothy seed, $0 40@6 50; mess pork, per bar
rel. $15 25@15 35; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 87 %@
9 90; short ribs sides (loose)." $8 35@8 6Q; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 7%@7%c: short- clear
sides (boxed), $8 75@8 85; whisky; basis . of
high wines, $1 32; clover, contract grade, $9 45.
Articles-*- " Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 25.000 38.000
Wheat, bu... ...147.000 39 000
Corn, bu.; 130.000 56.0C0
Oats,.bu...... 176.000 ' 173.000
Rye. bu...............\...-: 15.000. 2.000
Barley, bu.: 126.000 '. 31.0U0
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was ' steady: creameries, 14@24Vac;
dairies. 13@20c. Cheese, steady, 9Vi@10%c.
Eggs, firm; fresh, 24@25c.
Foreign Futures.
-. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening .;..,.. . — ; —
Closing : \ ■ :
PARIS. v
Wheat-—. • . Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening .................. 22. *!5 -22 95
Closing 2a 35 22 95
Flour — •
Opening '..,..,.... 27 70 29 00 i
Closing 27 70 29 00
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
12.000; choice, steady; others, dull and weak.
Good to prime, $6@6 80; poor to medium, $4@
5 00; stockers and feeders, $2@4 40; cows, $1
@-t 50; heifers, $1 50@5 30; canners, $l<g!2 23;
bulls, $2@4 50; calves, ?2 60@5 25; Texas fed
steers, $4 50@5 30.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 47,000; to-morrow,
43,000; left over, 15,000; heavy, steady; light,
lower. Mixed and butchers. $5 S0@6 35; good
to choice heavy, $0 20®6 60; rough heavy, $5 7o
@« 10; light, $5@5 75; bulk of sales, $5 85©
6 "30.
SHEEP--Receipts. 14,000; fat wethers,
steady; ewes, lower; lambs,' higher. Good to
choice wethers. "$3 50@4 30; .fair to choice
mixed, $2 75@4 30; Western sheep, $3@4; na
tive lambs, $2 50@5 30; Western lambs, ?2@
4-10.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Dec. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000. Steady. Natives, $3 25@7 25; cows and
heifers, $1@5 40; veals, $2 50@5; bulls and
stags. $2@5 25; stockers and feeders. $2@4 25.
• HOGS — Receipts, 16,100. Market steady.
Light and light mixed, $5 90@6 45; medium
and heavy, $6 30@6 SO; pigs, $3 25@5.
SHEEP— Receipts. 700. Market steady. Top
lambs, $5@5 05; top wethers, ?4 10; top ewes,
$3 50. ■. , • . * . . .
New York Metal Market.
NEwVoRK, Dec. 12.— The feature in the
metal markets to-day was the heavy selling of
copper in London, which totalled 460 tons spot
and 800 tons futures, and a loss of about £2,
which puts both spot and futures on the basis
of £52 10s. This Is the lowest price touched
In London within the past three years. The
New York copaer market was dull, with spot
quoted at $16 60@17; electrolytic, $16 37%@
16 62%, and casting, $16, all nominal. Tin
prices were decidedly lower at home and
abroad. The local break carried prices for
spot delivery down to 24 to 25, representing
the bid and ask prices. Spot was quite freely
offered. London prices were £1 6s lower,
closing with spot at £109 10s and futures at
£103 15s. Lead was quiet but unchanged, here.
London prices were 5s lower, closing at £10
10s. the lowest price In many years. Spelter
was unchanged here at $4 45 and also in Lon
don at £16 5s. Iron auiet. Glasgow clossd
at 56s 2d and Mlddlesboro closed at 43s 3d.
Plgiron warrants, $10 50@ll 50; No. 1 foundry,
$15@16; No. 2 foundry. Southern, $14 50®
15 50; No. 1 foi">dry. Southern, $15 50@16, and
No. 1 foundry, southern, soft, $15@17.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. f2. — The cotton market
I closed steady, 1@4 points lower.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec 12. — Clearings. $575,
973; balances. $44,454.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 12. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla; nominal,- 61@61%c; blue stem, 62c; val
ley, 63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 12.— WHEAT— Lower. Blue
stem, 59 %c; club, 58 %c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Dee. 12.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day were much smaller
than usual, amounting to but 7326 bales,
mainly New Zealand. • New South Wales and
Victoria sold well and competition was active
for Queensland and Cape of Good Hope and
Natal. Fine grades were* quiet. It is esti
mated that America has taken during the pres
ent season 2500 bales of the best merinos and
of the fine cross-breds.
Foreign -Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 12. — Consols. 92%; silver.
25 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 42%c; English
country markets, qufet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 12.— Wheat in Paris,
quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French country
markets, quiet and . steady; weather in Eng
land, rain.
WHEAT — Spot, firm. No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s l%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s l%d;
No. 1 California, Cs 3d.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed old,
5s 6%d. - i
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and* Bullion.
The Nippon Maru took out on the 11th a
treasure list of $471.1S9, consisting of $105,000
in silver bullion and $366,189 in Mexican dol
lars.
' Silver advanced a fraction and Sterling Ex
change was a fraction off.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...*. — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight..... — Par
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 02%
Silver, per ounce — B5
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% @ H%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — There is a distinct slackening of
the buying demand all over the world. Paris
futures are lower and tho Liverpool market is
quoted easier and neglected. The Englishmen
from the very first refused to respond to the
American advance.
Chicago declined from 80%c to 79%c, recov
ering to 79 %c. The opening was fairly active,
and there were good buying orders around 80c,
but heavy liquidation weakened the market
and big stop orders at 79c came in. aggra
vating the weakness. The country, which for
some days formed the chief purchasers and
were the prime cause of the rise, turned right
about, apd fearing that they had killed the
goose that laid the golden egg, began to sell
freely. The rally at the close was caused by
the shorts covering. There was talk of a de
crease In the Northwestern movement, but the
Southwest sold freely. It had up to yesterday
been a liberal buyer. Minneapolis and Duluth
estimated an Increase of 2,500,000 in their
stocks for the week. . •
This market declined again, both on and off
call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $102%; milling,
$1 03%®l 00% per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000
ctls, $1 00%; 2000, $1 06%; 24,000, $106%.
Second Session — May — iOOO ctls, $1 0P%.
Regular Morning Session — 10.000 ctls, $1 06%.
Afternoon Session — May — 16,000 ctls, $106%;
6000. $1 06%.
| BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a quiet
and featureless market. Feed, 78%@80c
for choice bright. 77%c for No. 1 and 72%
@75c for off grades; brewing and shipping
grades, 82%@85c; Chevalier, SOc®$l per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales/
• ' Second Session — No sales.
Regular .Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
80c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— lEverything looks bullish in this mar
ket, and there have been some heavy trans
fers of late, both here and up north. The
army took 800 tons here and is considering
bids for. 800 tons more;' it took 620 tons at
Tacoma and is reported to be after 2500 tons
more at the latter point; it is also taking 2500
tons at Portland. In addition 2000 tons have
lately been bought In Eastern Oregon for ship
ment into the Western States. This makes a
movement, past, present and prospective ' of
9100 tons during the past fortnight. Thes^
figures make dealers very bullish and the
market rules stiff: . . „,.'■ • „,;
• Reverse conditions prevail at Chicago. There
the movement is increasing, and owing to the
enormous scattered long interest a break is
feared if liquidation should eet in. Grays,
$1 12%@1 20 for feed anl $1 20@l 25 for seed;
whites, $1 15@1 30: Surprise, $1 30@l 35;
black 95c@$l 07% for feed and $1 15@1 22%
for seed: red $1 12%@1 20 per ctl for feed
and $1 20@l 30 for seed.
CORN — There was no decline at Chicago,. but
the movement was reported increasing, and
prices were oxDected to break should liquida
tion set- in. Farmers and other holders are
offering more freely and a good deal of long
Corn Is going overboard. It requires continual
buvlng to sustain the high prices.
This market is quiet and unchanged. Larjre
yellow $1 37%@1 42%: small round- dp. $1 37%
@1 4?%; white. $1 35(75)1 42% per ctl.
RYE — 75<JT80c per ctl. "The ship Hereford is
down from Port Costa with a. cargo of 45,577
ctls for Europe. . :
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, ' $3 25q>
3 CO,' usual terms; Bakers'. Extras, $3 1503 20;
Oregon, I $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 70@3 for Bakers"; Washington Bakers'.
$2 75@3. •■• ' ■ V ■ ■•■' .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount- to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream' do, $4,; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 t>5®
8 35; in sacks, $t> 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and. Feedstu ffs.
Inside quotations for Bran and Middlings are
marked up 50c. Both are quoted steadier than
they have been. There is no change whatever
in Hay.
The Southern Pacific Railroad has announced
a rate of 38c per 100 lbs for carload lots of
Rolled Barley from San Francisco. Stockton..
Sacramento and intermediate points to Salt
Lake. The rate heretofore has been 8S^u
per 100 lbs.
BRAN— $16@16 50. per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 50@19 per ton.
FEEDSTI^FFS— Rolled Barley. $1C@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing, $28'5O@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31<g>31 50: Cracked Corn. $31 50@32-»
Mixed Feed. $1C@17.
HAY— Wheat. ?9@11; fancy, $11 f>0@12;
Wheat and Oat, $8@11: Oat, $7@10; Barley
and Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Clover, $«©7;
Volunteer. $5 50@8; Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
. The market continues dull and unchanged.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 30@2 40: Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White, $2 80®3: Pea, $3 50
@4; Pink. $1 80@2 10; Red. $2 50©3; Black
eye. $3 50@3 70;' Llmas, $4 25@4 SO; Red Kid
neys. $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $3@3 IB; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 5002 75; Ca
nary. 3>4@3^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8V&c; Rape. lM@l%c; Hemp. 3%cper lb.
DRIED PEAS — Miles. $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are quoted rather firm than ' oth
erwise, owing: largely to the concentration of
stocks at Stockton. Prices show little change.
Receipts of Onions are light at the mo
ment, but the presence of more or less unsold
stock keeps the market weak.
POTATOES — 75c@$l for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l CO; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 15@1 50; River Reds, $1 50@l 60;
Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and 95c@$l for Mer
ced.
ONIONS — $1 75®2 per ctl ; Oregons, $1 75®2.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles, 5@7c; Strins Beans from Los Angeles,
7@8c; Limas, 3@6c; Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl;
Tomatoes, 20@e5c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, ;
Dried Peppers, 10@15c per lb; Okra, 12%@20c
per lb; Carrots, 25@3oc per eack; Cucumbers,
40@C5c; Pickles, 2^@3c per lb for small and
l@l%c for large; Garlic. I 1 /4@2%c; Green Pep
pers, 35@50c per box for Chill and 35@50c for
Bell; Ege Plant from Los Angeles, 10@12%c
per. lb; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
%l 50; Marrowfat Squash. $8010 per ton; Hub
bard Squash. $2>@10>; Mushrooms, 5@12^c per
pound.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern Poultry falls due
to-day.
Dressed Turkeys are in ample supply and
weaker. Other Poultry is weak except young
stock, which is selling fairly. The demand
for live Turkeys is slack.
Receipts of Game were 125 sacks. Prices
showed little change.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 14@16c; Live
Turkeys. 12%@13%c for Gobblers and 13@14c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, ?1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4 50@
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young
Roosters, $4@5; old Roosters, $3 50@4 50;
Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $4@4 50 for largo
and $3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
' GAME — Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25:
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3; Canvasback, $2@3 50; Sprig, $2(£>
2 50; Teal, $1 25; Widgeon, $1 50; Small
Ducks, $1 25; Black Jack, $1 50; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3 50;
White Geese, $1 50; Brant, $1 75@2 50 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All quotations under this head remain about
the same. Butter continues weak for all de
scriptions except strictly fancy creamery,
which is steady. Packed goods are particularly
weak and slow, with large supplies yet to
draw on. Cheese is also in good supply and
easy. The cold weather is imparting rather
more steadiness to Eggs, but the tendency is
to sell Just the same, as the production Is
likely to increase at this time of the year.
Receipts were 22,600 pounds of Butter, ~ — —
pounds of Eastern Butter. 433 cases of Eggs.
cases of Eastern Eggs, 24,600 pounds of
California Cheese and 800 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 22©24c per lb for fancy
and 10@21c for seconds: dairy, 17%@20c; store
Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub. 20c;
Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg. 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE — New, 12c; old. 10%@ll%c; Young
America, 13c per lb: Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch, 32@32%c for selected large,
oOg.'Uc for good to choice and 27%@29c for
fair; store, 24@26c per dozen; cola storage,
20g25c; Eastern, 20@20c. . j
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Berries from Watsonville continue to arrive
late and are carried over from day to day.
Apples from the same shipping point are run
ning poor and wormy.
Receipts of Oranges are not as heavy as they
have been, as shippers seem to be holding back
for the forthcoming auction. The movement
is nothing extra. The Sound is stocked with
Japanese Mandarins, which checks shipments
from this market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
APPLES — $1 60@2 per box for extra, 75c<3>
$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples. $1 50®2.
POMEGRANATES — $1 25 per box.
PEARS — Winter kinds. 50c@$2 60 per box.
i QUINCES— 50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 25©75c per box.
STRAWBERRIES — $7@11 per chest for
Longworths and $1@3 tor large berries.
BLACKBERRIES — $8 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $10@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 75 per. box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 60@2
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines.
$1@1 25; Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 25; Lem
ons, 50c@$l for common and $1 50@2 for good
to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape 'Fruit,
Sl@2 50; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Bananas,
$1 75@2 50 per bunch for New Orleans and
$1@1 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The tendency in Prunes Is upward and hold
ers are now asking 3@3%c basis for the four
sizes and refuse to make any concessions to
sell.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@S%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@&%c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4^8c; Plums, pitted.
4%@6c; unpittcd. l@2c; Nectarines, 6@5%c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for
black. j
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40*8. 5%@5%c; 40-50's. 4%@5%c; 50-60's,
4Vi@4%c; 60-70's, 3%04%c; 70-80's, 3%@3%;
80-«0"s, 2%©3%c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lbbox): Clusters —
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $175; 4
crown, ■ $1 CO; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. . Price per. lb; Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, ; three
crown,'^ : two-crown. ; Seedless Musca
tels, ; Seedless Sultanas, 6%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6% c; prime. 5%cr un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice/ 9c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. ;
choice seeded, . •
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 0%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2. 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell 9
@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell;' Pea
nuts, 6@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted.
5@6c: light amber extracted, 4©5c;'dark. 4c.
BEESWAX — 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Provisions were. lower at Chicago and stocks
of Hogs in the Western centers were 123.Q00.
against 100,000 on the same day last year.
Purchases of Lard for January and May, pred
ited to Cudahy, are keeping that description
strong. ' . . , ■
The San Francisco market was quiet and
unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. I2c per lb for
heavy, 12 %c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14V»c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured*
Eastern ~ sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams. 12%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per barrel
extra Mess, $11@11 60; Family. $12@12 50
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $22 50®23-
Mess. $18 60819: Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound. •
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c.per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins, 1234c
3-lb tlns,12%c. it ,
. COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels.* 10c; one tierce. O%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, , 9%c . per lb. ,
Hides, Tallow; Wool and Hops.
All quotations remain undisturbed,
: HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 0®9V5o for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 8%c: Baited Veal. Qftc;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. ltttte; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip 15c: Dry Calf, 18c: Culla and Brands,
15c' Sheepskins, ehearllnfcs. 15@30c each; short
Wool 40@COo each; medium. 60@S5c; long
Wool. 80c@*l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt,
S2 50@2 75 for large and f 2@2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 60 for jne
dlum, $1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. Cc per 1b; No. 2.
4y;<a5c: grease. 3c.
WOOL Spring, 1900 to 1801 — Southern, de
fective. 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley. 8ne.
l:}@15c; do, medium and coarse. ll@13c; Ore—
gon Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good,
9@llc; Nevada. 10@12c
Fall San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7%@9c: Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@10c; do. defective. 8©0c
. HOPS O@lOc for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local packers are now reporting a steadier
market for Hog3 with lighter receipts, with,
possibilities of an advance. At the same time
Utah and Montana were both in this market
yesterday offering shipments. Whether they
placed any is not known. Beef and Mutton
are firm at the recent advance. Dressed Hogs
are quoted lower.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
; - BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6®6%o per Ib
' for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@S%c: 'small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7% ©8c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB — 8@9c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c:
under 150 ibs.'S^goftc; sows. 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent off
from the above quotations; dressed Hogs, 7®
8tfc. ,
* '
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7^@8c.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $0; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and f 13 S3
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Reeky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
fi5c: raw. C3c; cases, 6c more; Lucol. 56c for
boiled and 64c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: caseu. 90c:
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40845c per gallon.;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42&c; Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and 68%c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
33%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 13c; in
cases. 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c: in cases.
2OV4c; 86-desree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases. 26 %c.
TURPENTINE — 53 }A O per gallon In cases
and 52c in drums and Iron barrels,
local use and |42@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining* Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.30c:
Powdered. 6.15c; Candy* Granulated. 5.15c;
Dry Granulated. 5.05c: Confectioners' A. 5.03c:
Fruit Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated, (100
lb bajrs only). 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.66c: Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c; D, 4.35c; barrels, 10c
more; half- barrels. 25c more: boxes, 60c more:
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 5.55c; boxes. 5.S0c per lb.
CODFISH— The Alaska Codfish Company^
new price list is as- follows: 50-lb bdls, 4c;
100-lb cases. 4%c for regular. 4%c for extra
larire and 6c for imitation Eastern: Frigate
Boneless, 5%c; Behring, selected strips. 6%c.
rolls 5%c: NarroXv Parasran.- 6c; Monarch, 7c:
Middles, 6>4c for Western Pride and 7Ue for
Imperial; Pacific Belle, 1-lb bricks, 7c; Siberia,
2-lb bricks, 6c; Ocean Wave, 2-lb blocks, 6Wc;
Star Tablets, 7c: Choice bits, all bones out. in
crates of 12-5 lbs. 9c, and do. 30-2 lbs. 7%@
8c: extra new Pickled Cod. $7 in bbls and $4
in half bbls.
WINE — It is reported that White Wines in
the Santa Clara Valley have advanced to 50c
per gallon for choice grades, the highest price
ever known, while reds range from 20c to 22c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 12.'
Flour, qr sks... 30.9tS Wine, gals 69,350
Wheat, ctls 7fl,625 Brandy, gals ... 12,200
Barley, ctls .... 61.325 Leather, rolls.:. 04
Rye. ctls 45,577 Tallow, ctls .... 416
Oats, ctls ..... 970 Pelts, bdls l»5
Corn, ctls 100 Hides, No ..... 360
Beans, sks 1.837 Raisins, bxs ... 1.250
Bran, sks .;... 2,310 Lime, bbls 133
Middlings, ska.. 1.020 Quicksilver, flsk ' 10
Hay. tons 519 Sugar, ctls ..... 10,877
Onions, sks 100 Leather, rolls .. ■ 84
Potatoes, sks .. 3,568!
OREGON.
Wool, bales .... 17 (
STOCK MARKET.
There were no noteworthy fluctuations on tho
morning session of the Bond Exchange. Busi
ness was dull. Alaska Packers sold ex-dlvl
dend at $164. The oil stocks continued feature
less.
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
The Security Savings Bank will pay a semi
annual dividend to depositors January 2 of S
per cent per annum on ordinary, and 3.60 per
cent on term deposits.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ■ Bid. Ask
4s quar cp. .112%113% 4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar reg.111%112% Cs quar coup.108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s. 10S%109% i Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Cal-st. 5s 11S% — Ombus C 6s. — 132%
C C Wat 5s. Ill — Pac G Im 4s. 96
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s. — 113
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6s. 121 ' —
Geary-st 5s. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.HS%120
H C&S 5%s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% 96%
Do 5s — 100 5F & SJV53.123%124
L Ang R 6s.ll» 120% Sierra Cal 6s —
L A Lght 6s. 101% — 6 P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6s.l00 — (1909) 113%
Do gtd 5a. — 104 (1910) — _
L A & P 5s. 99 — 5 P of Cal 6s
Do lem 53.101 103 (1905)Sr A
Mkt-st C 6.s.l27v»12S% <1905)Sr B.108%
Do lem 5s. — 123 (1906) 110%lll
N R Cal 6s. — 116 (1912) l«0 —
Do 5a 121%122% 5 P Cal 1st "
N Pac C 5s. 107% — c gntd 5s. .109 —
N Cal R 5s. — 115 5 P BrCal6s.l36 —
Oak Gas 5s. 113 — S V Wat 63.111U113
Oak Tran 6s.l24%126 Do 4s...7.102%103
Do l6t c5s.Hl — Do 4s 3d m 101'i
Oak W e 6s. 1W 105 ?;k n Gas 6s.102%1O1%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 76 I Port Costa. . 63% 66
Uarin C* 58 — | Spring Vally. S7% SS«.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
pent L & P4 2% 2% Pac Light... 44% 46
G<jt G L Co. 3% 4 Sacramento . — 40
Mutual — 5% 5PO&E., 43« 4414
3GL4H.51 — 5an Fran.... 5^ — .
Pac Gas Im. 39 41 Stktn G & E 8
INSURANCE. •
Flrem's Fnd.242 — /.
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 LP&A 16O -,-
California ..412 — j Mer Ex (liq). 13x4
Cal Safe Dp.110 — ! S F Nat.. 7.. 130 —
First Natnl..325 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German '...1925 — Sav & Loan. — 00
Humboidt .. — — Security Sav. 313
£ U F tU Sav S u!:B25 = , UllI ° n Trst..lS0O -,
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 — Market 86*4 87 V,
Geary — 50% Presidio .... 34 —^
POWDER.
Giant — 8tt /Vlgorit — \-c.
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 6 KHauea .... n^ V
Hawaiian ... 3-1 — Makawell ... 24% 25
Honokaa ... 10% 10% Onomea .... 22& 24
Hutchlnson .14 13 Paauhau 10 —
MISCELLANEOUS. . : >;*;>V.
Alaska Pack.164%166 Oceanic S C. — 431*
•:al Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A 2% —
Cal Wine As. 86 W) Pac C Borax. 165 106%
Mer Exchge.110 . — Par Paint... 15 —
- Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers* Assn 164 00
$5000 Bay Countie3 Power Co 5 per ct 108 5A
$1000 Market Street Cable 6 per cent'l28 00
$9000 Market St Ry 1st Con 5 per ct.1"-* nrt
65 Spring Valley Water 37 25
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort)..101 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 California Street'R R. 150 no
100 Market Street Railway " «7 nX
60 Paclflc Coast Borax i<jA no
10 Paclflc Lighting 45^
30 S F Gas & Electric Co "* 44 rC>
.50 Spring Valley Water '.] g7 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning "Session. '
Board — ■ v •*•:-, ■
100 Home 3 33
500 Independence f>«
600 Monarch of Arizona " " 1 ,.
1400 Oil City Petroleum "* i|J
1000 Petroleum Center (b 60)......... | ©4
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev.; " « t^
100 Sovereign (b 90) i(>
Afternoon Session.
Board — ,
15H0 Four 50
00 Four 53
400 Home § fi
225 Home (b 90) 3 &
25 Home (s 2) •••• 3 S3
1500 Monarch of Arizona i»
MINING STOCKS. "
The following: were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
BOO Belcher 12 1 500 Gould & Cur. 04
1000 Chollar 04' - •
Afternoon Session.
200 Mexican 13! 300 Union Con... 00
100 Ophir COi
Th« following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ! « ■ ; .:
700 Best & Belch.' 14. 200 Ophir CS
600 Con C & V.I 62^' SOO Sierra Nev... M
200 Mexican 14 SCO Union Con... 10
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belch. 14 200 Mexican IS
600 Best & Belch. 13 20O Ophir «•
COO Chollar <X1 500 Ophir «<»
100 Con C & V.I 62 Vj 500 Sierra Nev... . (W
200 Con Cal & V.I B5 700 Sierra Nev.... 05
300 Gould & Cur. 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 01 02
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash . 01 —
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 13 '1*
Best & Belch. 12 14 Occidental ... at «V,
Rullion 02 03 Ophir «6 67 )
Caledonia ... 15 lfl Overman .... 02 ft'S
Challenge Con 08 10 Potosl 03 01
Chollar 03 0-1 Savage .03 01
Confidence ... 50 «O Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.t 601 63 Seg Belcher... — 01
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... OS OR
Con New Yk. 01 — Silver Hill... 26 2H
Crown Point. 01 02 St Louis — 04
Eureka Con.. 14 — Standard ....3 50 3 83
Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate .... 05 07
Gould & Cur. 04 03 Union Con... 0» 10
Hale & Norc. 13 It Utah 05 07
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket OS 06
NOTICE TO_PATRONS.
Owing' to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to bs issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description -will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. m. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends.
Ready for mailing 5 cents per copy.
OCEAN TBAVZL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ,
Steamers leave Broadway f
H^_. Wharf. San Francisco:
IfffSiijfc- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. »..
I^S^k-^ Dec. 2. 7. 12, 17. 22, Z!. Jan. 1.
i RrN5JtS& Change to company'* Bteam-
i j&a?vl5§l\»a ers at Seattle.
i Jy*iK Sl vL«3a3 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
if- Tacoma, Everett and Ne-»
8 *Hi Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m -»
r».» • * 14 it K 27 Jan. X. Change at so-
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays S m.
For Los Angeles, calling: at SantaCroa. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartora '»* tl
Louis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedr»
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. J
*>ot Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jos* «M
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa». Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. IO» of each
month j
For further Information obtain th» company"'
Tb« "company reserve* the rlrtt to chanir*
■teamen, sailing days and hours of satlln«
without Ttrwicmn notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street fPalace- Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PKRKINS ft CO.. *V>n. A*ent«.
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. GO,
Only EKe«m«hlp Irfne to
PORTLAND. Or..
And Short Rail Ltrie from Portland to •»!
points East. Throufth Ticket** tn a't
point*, al< rn!1 or steamshln and pail, at
LOWEST HATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BXRTHani XSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 1*. 24. Jan. S 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 19. 29. Jan. 8. 19
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt., 1 Montg*y, P.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV T0SX. 80UTHA3PT03. L09DOH. T.f\l\
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ..Dec. 2S|St. Louis Jan. IS
St. Paul Jan. llPhlladelphla ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8iSt. Paul Jan. 20
RED STAR LINE.
How York and Antwern.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ....Dec. 23|Friesland Jan. 15
Haverford Jan. 1 j South warlc ....Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 i Vaderland Jan. 23
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COi.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. *
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on
d*y of aalllnc.
6.S. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December U. 1W1
B.S AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January V 190]
6.3 HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January ». 1)03
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage applv at company's of nee.
471 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVEP.T. General Aeent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana de Vaoores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL Dec. 23'LOA
AREQUIPA Jan. 4 1 PERU'
These stearaers ar« built- expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger nervier.
(No change at A^apulco or Panama).' Freight
and passenger office. Sl« California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceafflcs ! sxo ! ES£
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
* Saturday. Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. ...Thursday. Dec. 28. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4 '02. 10 a. m.
.. D. SPSECKELS & BROS. CO., taera Igmts. 227 Kartet «
GaTl Passengsr Office, 643 Hirkat St. i*Ur to. 1. Pacfe St ,
PANAMA R, R, S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OlSEOi.
Cabin. $105: Steerage. $10: Meals Free.
5. S. Leelanaw vails JWonday. Pec. 23
6. S. Argyll calls Thursday, Jan. 23
*>. 8. Lee'anaw *nll* Monday Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at t p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
COHPABIUS GEN SEALS THANSATLAUTIQC3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - ~
Sailing every Thursday, instead of. dVfTf^
Eaturday. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. mj&kCsS
North River, foot of Morton street.
I'"lrst class to Havrj. $70 and upward. Second
cUjsh to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets «old by all R.itl-n»i<'- Tlfket Agent*.
BAY. AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY -YAM .AND VALLEJ)
Steinnn GSX. FRISBtS or MONTICfiLLl
»:«S a. m.. »:1S and 8:30 p. ro .. except Suo-
flay. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. in. Lmvmv»
Vallejo 7 ju m.. 12:30 noon. « p. nv txcepef
Eunday. Eunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 \>. m. F»rt» M 7
cents. Telephone Main liTS. Landing aad "
V, f , fl S?i pUr *> U! «"»on-«f««t dock. HATCH
Weekly Gall, $1 per YearRHEA GETTINGS
ON THE STAND
Says That Max Kershow
Introduced Her as
His Wife.
Proponent of Disputed Will
Tells of Her Life With
Student.
Rhea Gcttings. a pretty blonde wearing
a sealskin coat, a fur-trimmed hat. a
brown golf skirt and the latest make of
shoes, occupied the attention" of the law
yers in Department S of the Superior
court yesterday. She is the proponent of
the Ivershow will and was called to give
testimony In her own behalf. By the
terms of the disputed will she Is to receive
all of the Yale man's estate after legacies
amounting to about J'JOOO are paid: To
nave the will probated means a fortune of
about tiO.OOO for Rhea, and the testimony
*' le £ ave >' es terday supported her claim
io the estate.
She said she met Kershow at 223 Ellis
street in May. 181)9. and that six weeks
after their meeting she went to live with
n:m at the Maison Riche. Continuing,
tlie said:
Max and I went to Honolulu In December,
isn». I traveled as bis wife, and while we
were in Honolulu he introduced me as such.
\\> came back to San Francisco in January,
1OIX.I, and went to reside at the Riche. He in
troduced me here as Mrs. Kershow and I re
mained with him at the ttiche until March.
31)00. He drank a ereat deal, but after in
•HUgrtng^ in drink for several days he would
Quit and May sober fcr three or four weeks.
I went to Chicago in April or May. I was
absent come time. He wrote to me and in
hie letters he called me "near Babe." When
I returned to this city he was still at the Riche
and he remained there until November of last
year. I visited him several times after my
return, in fact I was Mith him there up to
the time he left the restaurant.
In November I went to Portland, where I
remained for three weeks. When I got back
he was at Tortoni's.
The court was adjourned at this point
of Miss Gettings' story until Monday at
11 a. m.
During the morning session "W. L. Craj'
ton. a bartender at Geta's saloon, testi
fied that in his opinion Kershow was of
sound mind.
Ralph Freldlander, who loaned money
and sold jewelry to Kershow, said the
Yale athlete was in the possession of his
senses during all the time he had deal
ings with him, which continued up to the
time of his death. . —
"Ten days before he died," said Freid
lander. "I was in his rooms. His brother.
Carieton, was there, and Max told "him
that I held two notes of his, one for $50
and another of $100, and that he aiso
owed me $4 for a pin. He asked his
brother to see that I was paid."
INGHAJS: PLAYS DETECTIVE
TO HIS DISADVANTAGE
He Is Scored by Judge Mogan for
Arresting a Young Man
for Burglary.
A peculiar case of burglary, reflecting
upon the conduct of a policeman, was
heard by Judge Slogan yesterday. The de
fendant was Andrew Maas, who Is in
partnership with his father in a saloon at
Howard and Beale streets. He was ac
cused of breaking into the saloon of Her
man Dierks, 201 Steuart street, on the
morning of December 9, and stealing 40
cents from the till.
The arresting officer was Policeman
Ingham. and he testified that he found
a watch in Dierks' saloon, which had evi
dently been left behind by the burglar. It
bore the initials "A. M.." and that led
him to the conclusion that it belonged to
the defendant and he placed Maas under
arrest after he had acknowledged that
lite watch/ belonged to him; -.»— •-
The defendant testified that he had been
held' up at California and Drumm streets
on the night of December S and robbed of
hi? watch and money. He called for help
and a saloon-keeper on the corner blew
a polioe whistle. The policeman who- an
swered the call found the crystal and ring
of the watch on the corner. Maas went
home and told his father of the robbery.
Several witnesses were called and gave
the defendant an excellent. character.
The Judge dismissed the case and said
if there were such a thing as honorable
acquittal it would apply to the defendant,
as his arrest was an outrage. The foot
pad had evidently been the burglar and
and left the watch in Dierks' saloon,
probably by accident.
MOLE'S MURDERER WILL
LIKELY GO UNPUNISHED
The Charge Against John M. Dolau
Is Dismissed by Judge
Conlan.
Judge Conlan yesterday granted the
motion of Attorney Schlesinger to dismiss
the case of John M. Dolan, charged with
the murder of ( Albert A. Mole in front of
239 O'Farrell street, on the morning of
November 22.
The Judge said a number of witnesses
had been examined, but their evidence in
no way connected the defendant with the
crime. Only one witness. Chapman,
whose statement was very hazy, said he
had seen Doian running across the street
as Mole fell. No weapon was found. It
had been the most astonishing case ever
brought before him. the Judge said. A
murder had most certainly been commit
ted, but there was no direct testimony to
connect Dolan with it.
Assistant District Attorney Weller said
hp had consulted the District Attorney
and they were of the same opinion as the
Judge. Chapman, the murdered man's
particular friend, had only been ten feet
distant when the crime was committed,
and yet he Faw nothing of it. The de
fendant could get out a writ of habeas
corpus and be released at once on the evi
dence adduced, the court said.
"I have my personal and private opin
ion," said the Judge, "but that is not evi
dence. The case will be dismissed."
Dolan is not yet "out of the woods," as
the matter can be taken before the Grand
Jury.
HOLD UP MINER FROM
BRITISH COLUMBIA
William Grissett and Percy Schreiner
Under Arrest on a Charge
of Robbery.
John Badnastz. a miner from British
Columbia, was held up on Howard street,
between Third and Fourth, about half
past 3 o'clock yesterday morning. Police
man P. J. Mitchell heard hia cries for
help and on reaching the scene found
Badnastz holding on to a man who, he
said had held him up and robbed him cf
J2. The man gave his name as- William
Grfcreett. Percy Schreiner, a bartender,
was standing beside them, and Badnastz
accused him of being an accessory.
Grissett and Schreiner were taken to
the City Prison and booked on a charge
of robbery. When Grissett was searched
$2 45 was found In his pockets. The case*
wore called in Judge Cabaniss court yes
terday and after hearing the evidence of
Jiadnkstz and the arresting officer the
case wa* continued till to-day, the Judge
remarking that he would probably hold
Grissett and discharge Schreiner.
tf~go c9/n|a/nt5 v
is a food that
feeds.
Send for a free sample of Mellin* s Food.
If ellis's Food Company, Boston, Hast.
LEAVES BABY
ON DOORSTEP
Mother Thinks Father
Should Care for
Child.
Robert Brown Declines to
v Support His Reputed
Offspring.
When Thomas Rehn of 3 Elizabeth
street opened his front door yesterday
morning at 6 o'clock he was surprised to
find a bundle on the front doorstep. An
examination of the bundle revealed a tiny
bit of humanity wrapped in woolen cloth-
Ing and a note explaining the circum
stance under which the baby was left
there. Helm at once communicated his
find to Police Sergeant Duke of the Seven
teenth street station. The note is as fol
lows:
_ . - December U. 1901.
Robert Brown: I think I have done my
share of the Buffering:, so I think it is your
time. You may do as you wish with the poor
little one for it is not to blame, but I hope
you will give it good care. He was born No
vember 29, 1901, so he is just thirteen days
old to-day. * I hate to have such a thing done,
but circumstances alter cases and as you are
his father I don't think It more than right that
you should provide for him. His name is Rob
ert, too, named after you.
Now. Robbie, things will have to be kept
very quiet, for my brother has Ween- here in
the city looking for me since I have been away
and lie will make it pretty warm for us if he
,,," lt . 2 ut ' etc ' x am a^aid. Give it some
milk right away.
In leaving the child at Rehn's door the
mother made a mistake, as Brown, the
reputed father, lives at 7 Elizabeth street.
two doors from where the child was left.
Brown, who is nineteen years of age, is
engaged as a packer in a downtown
house. i
On his being informed of the -circum
stances attending the child he declined
to be responsible for its support and as
a. consequence the little infant was sent
to . the General Emergency Hospital,
where the matron. Miss Hart, made the
little one as comfortable as possible. In
the meantime Sergeant Duke made an In
vestigation and found that the mother's
name is Maria Baker, a young woman
who had been a domestic in the service
°h Mrs - AnnIe T - Teague, a widow re
siding at 316 Bartlett street. Miss Baker
left the Teague household in the early
part of Ivovember. The police have no"t
yet succeeded in locating the mother.
FIRST OF THE THREE
SYMPHONY CONCERTS
Large Audience Expected at Big- Mu
sical Event at Grand Opera
House.
The first concert of the series of three
to be given under the direction of Paul
Stelndorff, under the auspices of the San
Francisco Symphony Society, will take
place this afternoon at 3:15 sharp, at the
Grand Opera-house. A large audience is
expected on this important musical occa
sion, and the following fine programme
will be given:
Academic overture (J. Brahms); ■"Im Walde"
lln the Forest), symphony No. 0, F major
(Joachim Raff); allegro. "Am Tage Eindrueck<3
und Empflndungen": "In der Daemmerung"
(a) "Largo Traumere"; (h) allegro assai "Tanz
der Dryaden" ; allegro. "Nachts. .Stilles Weben
«f,i Cacht fm Walde - Einzug und Auszug der
AVilden Jard mit Frau Holle und Wotan. An
brueh des Tages": fa) German, from "Aus al
ler Herren Laender"; (b) Spanish, "Suite" (M
Moszkowsky); serenade for strings. No. 2. F
major (R. Volkmann); "Rakoczy March"'
< Franz Liszt).
The orchestra, composed of fifty-five
men, has the following members, ar
ranged in alphabetical order, and it will
be noted that the names of almost every
orchestral player of prominence is to be
found therein: . . .
Paul Stefndorflf. director; Giujio Minetti
concertmeist«r: first violins— E. Carlmueller j'
E. Jostphs. Ed Lada. C. lliltner, Gulio Min
etti. S. Savanah, Henry SierinK. Ferdinand
Stark, R. Uhlie, Hother Wismer; second vio
lins—C. Baumeaertel. G. Cantilena. M. R.
Fleischmann. H. Ford. G. Kaishoft, A. Low
insky, L. Rotzau. E. E. Wlegel; violas— C. "W.
Fuhrer. Charles Heinsen; B. Jaulus, F. Knell
H. Sussmann, C. Trainor; celli— P. Friedhofer.
F. S. Gutterson. H. Lansstroth, F. Mayer, A.
Weiss; bassos — W. Aneermuende, J. Dimitri
C. GoerHch. S. Greene, E. Siegel. B, Spiller,
J. Spiller; flutes — L. Newbauer, W. Oester
reicher. A. Paulsen; oboes^-L. Lombard! j L
Mundwyler; cJartonettes — J. Kunzelmann, J
Wrba; bassoons — A. Beetz. J. J. Mundwyler
horns — W. Da below. F. Huske. E. Schlott, O.
Schlott; trombi — E. Keller, C. von der Mahden*
trombones — C. Bellmann. W. H. Colverd A
Roncovierl; bass uiba — C. GoerHch; tympani —
M. Davis. S. Davis.
RECOMMENDS REMOVAL
OF THE BARGE OFFICE
Captain Healy Suggests Black Point
p.s an Ideal Location for the
New Site.
Captain M. A. Healy has written a let
ter to Customs Collector Stratton recom
mending that the barge office and head
quarters for the Federal quarantine serv
ice be changed to Black Point. Captain
Healy urges that the Government by tho
change will save a considerable rental, be
sides improving the efficiency of the serv
ice. He recommends also that offices for
customs boarding officers and the immi
grant inspectors be located in the same
place.
The proposed site, urges Captain Healy,
is much more convenient and safer for the,
barges in rough ■- weather. Dr. Car
michael, the Federal quarantine officer,
indorses the proposition and has ad
dressed a letter to Washington recom
mending the adoption of Captain Healy's
suggestions.
CALEB WEST APPOINTED
SPECIAL AGENT HERE
Former Governor of Utah Promoted
to Important Post on the
. ■ . Pacific Coast.
Caleb W. West, formerly Governor cf
Utah, has been appointed special agent
of the treasury for this district. Mr. West
has been in the service of the Treasury
Department for several yean», and is
recognized as one of the most courteous,
industrious aud efficient of officials.
Agent West was born in Kentucky, and
at the age of 17 years enlisted in Morgan's
Confederate cavalry and served durlns
the whole of the civil war. He was ad
mitted to the bar in 1&66 and in 1868 was
appointed County Judge in Harrison
County, Kentucky. This position he
afterward resigned to enter upon the
practice of law.
Possible Members of Grand Jury.
A venire of thirty citizens from which
the new Grand Jury will be selected was
drawn In the. Superior Court yesterday.
The list Is returnable Wednesday, Decem
ber 18. The following names were drawn:
Charles H. Crowell, Central avenue and Bush
street- E. P. ■ Karnnworth, 3010 Washington;
Kredertck Boeckmann. 31 « Front; Henry Wise,
2719 Pacific etreet; K. B. Hale. J«7 Market;
Louis Rosenthal, 301 California; Charles Son
ta«?K 114 Market; Eugene J. de Sabla Jr.. 1818
California: Frank Godfrey O'Kane, 2« Golden
Gate avenue; Michael J. Vaughan, 3945 Twen
tv-thlrd: Maurice Ltebmann, 225 Bush; C. G.
Clinch 9 Front; Solomon Cahen. 2222 Califor
nia; William B. Sanborn, C71 Ellis; Thomas P.
Woodward, 12 Butter; E. Ii. Wagner, 1015
Green; John G. • Barber, Concord la Hotel;
James W. Finn. J21KJ .Fulton; E. P. Jtocbe,
1211% 'Mission; B. Cullin, 31 Market: D. B.
Faktor, 1231 McAllister; Louis S. Hess. 10y
Front; Wakefleld Baker, 2701 Pacific avenue;*
D. Hewes, 413 Kearny; J°nn Perazzo. 802
Broadway; L. Zellerbach. 1550 Fell; B. H.
Lichtensteln, 1208 Geary: J. C. Wilson, 000 Bat
tery: S. J. Smith, Eddy and Taylor; William
Cluff. 1016 Vallejo.' •
On Trial for Carpet Stealing.
The trial of Charles C. Colo, accused of
stealing carpots from the Indianapolis
FuVniture Company, was commenced in
Judge Dunne's court yesterday. It is al
leged that he stole ten rolls of carpet
while he was In the employ of the furni
ture company.
Insolvent Saloon Man.
Thomas Johnstone. ■ ex-policeman and
now a saloon-keeper, filed a petition in In
solvency yesterday In the United States
District Court. He owes $2287 26 and has
$110 assets.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER J 3, 1901.
SUES A NEPHEW
FOR A PITTANCE
Peter P. Lane Wants "Re
mainder of His Once
Snug Estate.
Aged Sea Captain's Wealth
. Goes to Save Him
From Prison.
Captain Peter F. I.ane, who hojds a note
for $1000, executed by his nephew, J. B.
Warren, commenced suit in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday to recover that
sum, with interest from April 22, 1896.
Lane is a retired sea captain. In 1895 he
was arrested on a grave charge. He was
tried and acquitted, and, according to
the story he told in court yesterday, it
cost him every cent he possessed.
Lane does not complain of the charge
of $9000 for legal services which, it is al-
Jeged, was made by his attorneys. Carroll
Cook, George Knight and H. C. Fire
baugh, but he strenuously objects to the
efforts he claims his nephew made -to
"get all he could out of him." lie accuses
Warren of having, at the time of the sen
sational trial, a desire to send him to
prison in order that his schemes to get all
his property might be furthered.
Lane said yesterday that Warren got in
all $10,260 from him to use In his (Lane's)
defense and that Warren withheld all
that remained of that sum after paying
the lawyers. Lane said also that after he
was acquitted he found that his home had
been stripped of everything, even to the
bed clothing.
"Among the articles missing," said
Lane, "were eighteen cases of Holland
gin worth $30 a oas<*. Warren told me he
had sold it for $12 50 a case. He gave me
a note for $1000 on account of what he
had received and promised tq take care
of me. He did for a while, but of late I
have suffered for the common necessaries
of life."
URGES CHANGE OF
\ GEADES IN POTRERO
Santa Fe Railway Company Expresses
. Desire to Improve a Number
of Streets.
Captain A. II. Payson, vice president of
the Santa Fe Company, appeared before
the Street Committee yesterday to urge
the adoption of the resolution authorising
the establishment of new grades in the
Potrero. Captain Payson said the pro
posed plans had been drawn with a de
sire to do the least possible damage to
surrounding property, and that- the
change of grades would be of material
benefit. ej
Joseph Glackin and M. Kenny, property
owners representing the Southern Heights
Improvement Club, said the work of cut
ting through the streets would destroy
property values in that vicinity, but H.
A. Whitley, secretary of the Real Estate
and Development Company, thought the
change-would be in the nature of an Im
provement. M. Lesky, another property
owner, agreed with Whitley.
The committee postponed action in order
to make a personal Inspection in the
afternoon.
Dr. Emma Merritt and W. H. Adamson,
executors cf the late Adolph Sutro's will,
appeared and signified a willingness to
grant an extension to the city to complete
the De.wey boulevard in accordance with
the modifications suggested by the City
Kngineer if the extension can be legally
granted, the deed to the* right of way be
ing held in escrow by 1. W. Helln~.au,
president of the Nevada Bank, pending
fulfillment of conditions contained there
in.' M. H. Garoutte, representing tho
Spring Valley Water Company, did not
know if the corporation would give its
consent. Chief Engineer -Schussler, 1 who
is familiar . with the facts, was too ill
to appear. The City Attorney will be
asked for his opinion as to the validity
of granting an extension.-
PASHION BESIEGES
THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
Many of the Pictures on View Wer.3
Sold Last Night to
Admirers.
Fashion and beauty took possession of
the Bohemian Club last night for several
hours and indulged comment and criti
cism upon the paintings which adorn the
walls of the jinks room. From 8 o'clock
until 11 there* was a stream of guests
crowding into the gallery and from Presi
dent Deering to Secretary Hayes all offi
cers and members of the club were kept
busy receiving and showing that particu
lar courtesy for which the Bohemians are
distinguished. One of the strong magnets
of the exhibition was Orrin Peck's very
striking portrait of President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, around which was a con
stant crush of admirers, and no less at
tractive seemed the "Big Trees" of T.
Hill, C. J. Dlckman's Turneresque paint
ing "After the Storm" and an odd study
by A. F. Mathews, with something of the
Whistler type of eccentricity. Latimer's
"Redwoods" and "Bursting Through the
Fog," with their atmospheric effects; C.
Chapel Judson's breezy effect, "Where
the Wind Blows," and Thomas Hill's bold
"Bridal Veil Fall" (Yosemite) and "Big
Trees in Mariposa Grove" drew many ad
mirers. Thf impressionist studies of J.
Frank McComas "were highly praised, and
a dainty little fancy, "Berkeley Hills," by
Harry W. Seawell, had delighted some
artistic eye to the extent that it bore on
Its frame the word "sold," as indeed did
several other really admirable canvases.
Among the appreciative visitors at the ex
hibition was Sir Edward C. Boehm. There
will be two more exhibitions to 'which
friends of the members of the club will be
Invited.
ALTERCATION ENDS
IN CUTTING AFFRAY
Joe Rosa Is Seriously Stabbed by a
Companion Named Frank
Monez.
Joe Rosa, a laborer, was stabbed and'
probably fatally injured about 8 o'clock
last night by a. companion, Frank Monez.
The cutting occurred on the northeast
Arner of Jackson and Drumm streets and
was the culmination of an altercation
which took place a few minutes before in
a neighboring saloon.
Blows were struck, whereupon Monez
who got the worst of the fistic encounter,
drew a knife and thrust lt Into Rosa's
body on the left side. One of the wounds
penetrated the pleura, and the nhyisclans
at the Harbor.Hospltal, where the injured
man was - taken, i say that it may prove
fatal. Monez was arrested shortly after !
the cutting by. Officers Dower and Burns I
and taken to the Harbor Station. Detec- !
tive Coleman was detailed on the case
He took Monez to the hospftal, where
Rosa identified him as his assailant i
Monez will not be charged until the polico I
learn the true condition of his victim
Warrant Clerk John J. Greeley took a dyl
ing statement from Rosa at the Harbor
Hospital last night. . .
MOBGAN CITY CHARTER
PARTY IS ATTACKED
Allegation Is Made That the Paper
"Was Not Signed # by the '
Owners.
The greater part of yesterday's session
of the United States Circuit Court in the
Morgan City Insurance case was taken up
in argument as to the validity of the char
ter party of. that vessel, v The Frankfort
Marine Insurance Company contended
that as the charter party was signed by
Barnespn ; & Chilcott, not specified I as
agents for the owners.. the Ladue Gold
Mining- and.Development Company, It was
Invalid not having been signed by I tha
owners. - ' • . > . .
Counsel for the plaintiff contended that
if there was fraud in tho charter the-in
strument could not be successfully at
tacked on that ground by a third party.
The Government or the owners of the ves
sel could attack it for fraud, but the de
fendant, net being a party to tho con
tract, was debarred from questioning its
validity. The trial will bo resumed .this
morning. •' • . > .
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 12.— The r annual
meeting of the American Friends' j Peace Con
ference began- in /this city to-day. ,-Vr ; ;
DENIES WRITING
LOVE LETTERS
Cheyney's Alleged Wife
Pails to Recognize
, Epistles.
Says Defendant Misled Her
Mother as to Their
Relations.
Maud Cheyney, who says she is the wife
of Samuel "W, Cheyney, a .wealthy young
mining man, would ■ not swear yesterday
that any of the letters shown, to her in
Judge Sloss' court' were in her handwrit
ing, and would not swear either that they
were not. She did, however, swear that
a letter written by Cheyney to a Miss
Pounding, in which he refers to the plain
tiff as his "wiffle," was in his handwrit
ing. ; ;
Mrs. Cheyney is suing Cheyney for
maintenance. She claims she was mar
ried to Cheyney according to a. Quaker
marriage rite, and' that she lived with him
for a long time.
In giving her. testimony, yesterday she
was very positive in her refusals to iden
tify the letters she is supposed . to have
written.- They all . contain ..expressions
showing* the. love, and affection she had
for her "dear boy."-:
She surprised the court by saying that
many of the letters she wrote to Chey
ney were dictated by him and then , sent
by a colored maid to Ijos Gatos' to be
mailed. He received them in this city and
then took them to her mother, who did
not like him, and showed them to her for
the purpose of "proving" that the plain
tiff was not in his company. ..
. Mrs. Nevill, mother of Mrs. Cheyney.
never knew that the letters postmarked
Los Gatos were written in this city or
that her daughter was not in Los Gatos.
Such is Mrs. Cheyney's storj' and she
adheres to it. notwithstanding the close
questioning to which •,. she is subjected.
After taking a glance at thirty-*four of
the letters Judge Sloss continued the case
until Monday at 10 a. m.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Edwin S. Howard from Mamie
Howard, for desertion, and Mary J.
Lahusen from Benjamin J. Lahusen, for
willful neglect. l ■ j . ■
Suits for divorce! were filed yesterday
by Ella D. Nelson against Clarence Nel
son, for desertion; Lillie Harrison against
James Harrison, for cruelty; and Frances
Bettencourt against John E. Bettencourt,
for desertion.
JC9ICTURES and stories
* for the young and the
old! Poetry and prose! Ser-
mons from the pens of em-
inent California divines! A
neiv ganic^ that you can cut
out of the paper, paste on
cardboard and play during
the long winter evenings!
All of these and much more
in next Sunday's Call— the
great Christmas edition. \
v : v
EVENTFUL LIFE OF OLD
PIONEER COMES TO END
Captain Alonzo Green Passes Away
at Alameda— Funeral Will Be j
Held in This City.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 12.— Captain Alonzo
Green, who was the oldest member of the
Society of California Pioneers, died at hi3
home, 3237 Encinal avenue, last evening,
aged 92 years. His life's career was an
eventful and varied one.
In 1847 Green, then in the prime of . a
vigorous manhood, left Ohio, his native
State, and with "a party of companions
started for the gold fields of California,
by way of Panama. After arriving on
the Pacific side of the isthmus the hardy
band of argonauts secured a small
schooner and sailed north, with San Fran
cisco Bay as their destination. Somewhere
on the southern coast, supposed to be
near San Luis Bay, the little vessel of the
venturous treasure-seekers was driven
ashore in a tetrriflc southeaster and
wrecked. AH of those on board reached
land more dead than alive, but their en
tire stock of provisions and supplies was
lost.
With starvation upon them they struck
inland and northward, determined to foot
it to Yerba Buena, as San Francisco was
then called.
For days the party subsisted upon roots,
acorns and, as Captain Green often . re
lated, even ate rattlesnakes to appease
their hunger. The reptiles were plentiful
and were prepared for consumption much
after the manner that eels are cooked.
It was early in 1848 that Green and his
half-famished comrades reached Yerba
Buena. He remained there a short time
and then went to Sonora, where, in part
nership with E. C. Holden, he opened the
City Hotel, one of the famous caravansa
riei of early days, and which still stands
in the old mining town. In the early sev
enties Captain Green returned to San
Francisco and engaged in the grain and
commission business. He locaited In 187S
on Bay Farm Island, on what is now the
Swett ranch, Later he bought the Briggs
property on Central avenue, which after
ward passed into the hands of William J.
Dingee and subsequently became the
home of Mrs. Jack Hays.
Captain Green was a member of the
Town Trustees in 1877. For a number of
years he was the master of the bay
steamer Amador. He retired from active
life, over a decade ago. For the past three
years his health was feeble. - -.
Deceased leaves a wife, Mrs. Laura
Green, and three children— Mrs Addie
Holt, Frank M. Green and Verdenal
Green. The funeral will take place to
morrow afternoon from Pioneer Hall San
Francispo, and will be conducted by the
Society of California Pioneers. '
Civil Service Examination.
The Civil Service Commissioners will
hold an examination of applicants for the
position of chief assistant engineer Bu
reau of Engineering. Department of'pub
lic Works, at the City Hall next Wednes
day and Thursday; The salary of tliis
position is $250 per month. \
The examination will. cover material of
construction, plans, specifications, con
tracts, reports, estimates, engineering
mathematics • and experience' as an engi
neer. , Applications, for this examination
will bo received up to to-morrow at 5 p
m. So far only one. application has been
filed and the Civil Service Commissioners
are anxious to secure more applicants.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— Licenses i to marry
were issued to-day to Alfred A. Chamber
lain, aged 22 years, and Augusta E. Reier
22, both of Oakland; Edward Fitzgerald,
27,:and Mary E. Smart, 17, both of Oak
land; Ralph E. Nordyke. 23, and May K.
Sargent. 1 21, both of Oakland ; Albert D
Severy, 21, and Grace D. Francis, 18, both
of Oakland. - .
Toy Tan Acquitted.
Toy Tan, a Chinaman, was acquitted by
a jury yesterday, in the United States Dis
trict Court on the charge of having assist
ed a Chinese immigrant to escape from'
the Mail dock. . t .., „ . ..
BOY FALLS DOWN ELEVATOR SHAFT—
Tom Kerrne, 14 . years of age, residing at 1
SunBhine court, fell down an • open • elevator
shaft in Hardy t place, off Kearny ■ street, yes
terday, a distance of twelve | feet, sustaining
a. fracture of the right arm and several.lacer
ated and contused wounds of- the head and
face. It is possible t]ie' little 'fellow 'also sus
tained a fracture, of the skull. -
ARREST A, BURGLAR.— Frank , Raymond,'
whom the police claim is an ex-convlct waa
arrested late last night by Police. Of fleers
Stephen Clark and John Mullen and' charged
with an attempt to commit burglary. • The
officers: caught : him trying to-, break Into a
butcher 'store at 328 Third "street.
■ •-„ . ,. ...
GOES TO PRISON
FOR LONG TERM
Montana Train Bobber
Suspect Enters Plea
of Guilty.
Must Serve Fifteen Years'
Imprisonment for. Passing
Forged phecks. (
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 12.— In the United
States District Court to-day Ben Kilpat
rlck, the' Montana train robber suspect,
was sentenced by Judge Adams to fifteen
years .in the State penitentiary at Jeffer
son City, Mo. . .
The sentence followed a jury verdict
finding- the prisoner guilty, on one of the
seventeen counts In the indictment agalntt
him. ' .
Laura Bullion, indicted jointly with KUV
Patrick, was also found guilty on , one
count, but was not sentenced. . .
Judge Adams announced that he did not
wish to send the two prisoners to the
same penitentiary, and would defer sen
tence on the woman until he ascertained
whether it was within his jurisdiction to
send her to some penitentiary outside Mis
souri. " . .
When the jury had been selected it was
announced that Kilpatrick confessed that
he was guilty as charged in the twelfth
count of the indictment of passing bank
notes issued by the Secretary of the
Treasury, which had been altered, upon
Max Barnett in the city of St. Louis. •
He also announced that Miss Bullion
pleaded guilty* as charged in the thir
teenth count of the indictment of having
in her possession altered bank notes.
Thereupon the court ordered the jury to
retire. It required less than fifteen min
utes for the jury to agree upon a verdict
finding both defendants guilty.
KJlpatriek arid the Bullion woman were
arrested in this city more than a month
ago on suspicion that, they had some
thing to do with the hold-un of the Great
Northern train neap Wagner, Mont., last
July, when between $80,000 and $100,000 of
unsigned Helena National Bank notes
were . stolen from the express car. In
their possession when "arrested was found
about $10,000 of these notes, some of which
had the bank officials' names forged to
them. ■ : ■
CALEDONIANS HOLD
SUCCESSFUL BANQUET
Pioneer Hall Is Crowded With'Mem
bers'of Their Club; Their
Wives and Friends.
The thirty-sixth annual reunfon and
banquet of the Caledonian Club, which
was held in Pioneer Hall last night, was
acknowledged to be the most successful
in the history of the club. The hall was
crowded with members and their .'ady
friends, who thoroughly enjoyed the
menu and the toasts, songs and music.
The toasts were as follows:
"The President of the United States"; "The
King"; "The Land We Left," responded to by
J. D f McGilvray; "The Land We Live In,"
responded to by W. H. Barnes; •"The Golden
West," responded to by Hugh J. Mclsaac;
"Bister Societies," responded to by P. Liv
ingston Dunn, first vice president St. Andrew's
Society; "Universal Brotherhood," responded
to by J. A. Emery, president Knights of Pt.
Patrick; "The Press," responded to by Charles
Morrison, and "The Lassies." .
Songs were rendered by Robert How
den and James R. Watson. Hugo Poheim
rendered a selection on the violin. Dan
cing was kept up till an early hour in the
morning. ,
Prior to the banquet the officers were
installed by ex-Chief Colin M. Boyd, as
follqws: - ......
Chief, A. M. Macpherson: first chieftian,
John A. Mcl>oi1; second chieftain, r. F. Fin
lay; third chieftain, James H. Duncan; fourth
chieftain, J. W. Cameron; physician, Dr. J. A.
J. MeDonald. Ex-Chief D. R. McNeill was
master of ceremonies and Neil Lindaay and
Adam Ross the pipers. . ; .
BISHOP NICHOLS CALLED
TO ARBITRATE DISPUTE
Trouble i Between Rector Reilly and
Junior Warden Rulofson of St.
-Paul's Church. 7"
The troubles existing between Rev. Wil
liam Maxwell Reilly, rector of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, and Alfred C. Rulof
son, one of the vestrymen, for several
months past are to be officially investi
gated by the Right Rev. William Ford
Nichols, Bishop of the diocese of Cali
fornia. '
The trouble had its origin in the re
fusal of 'Rev. Mr. - Reilly to recognize
Rulofson as junior-warden after his elec
tion to that office by the vestrymen to
succeed Dr. James M. Gassaway. Rev.
Reilly claimed Rulofson had not been
elected by a majority of the vestrymen,
but that is the only reason he assigns for
his opposition to Rulofson. When seen
last night he declined to discuss the af
fair. ■ -. . / ..-,■•■'.■■
NOTICE TO_PATRONS.
Owing to the large size of .Tlia
Call's Christinas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. m. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will . be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to'your. Eastern friends.
Beady for mailing 5 cents per copy.
Play Interests Electricians.
Considerable interest is being manifest
ed by the electricians of the city in the
play that is being presented this week at
the Central Theater. One hundred and
fifty seats have been set aside, for this
evening's performance for the use of a
delegation from . the International Broth
erhood of Electrical Workers, Local No.
6. It Is rumored that they intend to de
mand the union card of Hallett Thomp
son, the leading man, who plays the role
of "the Electrician." .
Smoke Interrupts a Dancer
Dense clouds of smoke pouring up from
f the basement of the San Francisco Ver
ein building | last night caused consider
able excitement among the guests at the
Schwabacher ball. • The smoke Issued
from a defective heater in the basement.
An alarm of fire was rung in and the
firemen soon put an end to the nuisance.
After the hall had been cleared of its
murky ~ atmosphere the dance was con
tinued. ■ ■ . . .-■ ■ .
Columbia Park Boys Drill.
The military. department of the Colum
bia Park BoyB 1 Club appeared last night
in 'uniform at Verein Eintracht Hall on
Twelfth street, near Folsom. The feature
of the evening was an Inspection conduct
ed by Colonel George William Bauer and
staff of the Alumni Commissioned Offi
cers' Association. .
Taken to Grass Valley.
Sheriff Getchell of. Grass Valley arrived
from San Jose yesterday morning, with
Mrs, Maggie Allen and went to the City.
Prison . where Richard Bennetts, : arrested
here Thursday, was handed over to him.
Getchell immediately left for Grass .Valley
with his 1 prisoners, who are accused ,of
being accessories to the murder of Joseph
Griffiths. ' ~ - •', '- • .
Christmas " Toilet' Articles.
Dress Suit'Cases, Manicure' Sets, Trav
eling Rolls, Single and Triplicate Mirrors,
Comb and Brush -Sets; • •■ Military Hair
Brushes, Collar and Cuff Boxes. These
are. >riot .extravagant articles, but very
pretty and 'jugf as good far style, arid ser
vice as money can buy,, though moderate
in price. CalKand see chem. whether you
wish to purchase, or, not. 'Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market \stjeet... •
CONSIDER PLANS
FOR FIELD WORK
Catholic ' Societies Dis
cuss the Matter of
..Membership.
Federation Elects Officers and
Decides to Next Meet
in Chicago.
CINCINNATI, O.", Dec. 12.— The Amer
ican . Federation of Catholic Societies,
after a session of three days this after
noon adjourned to meet In Chicago July
15, 1902. After the final adoption last
night of the constitution and the election
of officers this morning the last day was
mostly devoted to the consideration of
plans for field work. The officers elected
were:
President, T. B. Mlnehan, Columbus, O.;
vice presidents, T. J. Kauffmann, New
York; T. H. Cannon, Chicago, and Daniel
Duffy, Pottaville, Pa.; secretary, Anthony
Maitre. Cincinnati; treasurer, H. J. Fries,
Erie, Pa.
The election of Anthony Maltre, who Is
principal in the St. Philomena Parish
School in this city, as secretary, means
that the headquarters, at least until next
July, will be in Cincinnati.
The convention closed amid enthuslsas
tic, demonstrations, all joining in singing
"America," after which Bishop Messmer
gave the benediction in Latin and Bishop
McFaul in English.
The executive board organized with-M.
P. Mooney as chairman and Anthony
Maitre'as secretary. The work for the
ensuing year was considered in connection
with Bishop McFaul, the spiritual adviser,
and other leaders. While the executive
board adjourned subject to the call of
President Minehan or Chajrman Mooney,
it is understood that there will be a meet
ing early next month, when ex-Secretary
O'Rourke of Philadelphia will have the
records of the convention this week, print
ed and at that time- the names . of the
members of all the new standing commit
tees will be announced. It is said by mem
bers of the executive board that the
federation will have over a million mem
bers in its affiliated organizations before
the national convention is held at Chicago
next July. •
EFFECT COMPROMISE
IN HOWARD WILL CASE
Attorneys Arrange a Distribution of
an Estate Worth About Half a
Million.
REDWOOD CITY. Dec. 12.— The last
will and testament of William H. Howard
was this afternoon admitted to probate by
Judge Burk of the Superior Court, and
the probate of the ' earlier one denied.
Both wills are in the handwriting of the
deceased, one having been executed in
1898 and the other In 1887.
The earlier will gives' all the property to
the wido.w, Anna D. Howard, . certain
trusts being created for her benefit and
for the benefit of the five children. The
second and last will gives her a one-sixth
interest In certain personal property, all
of the real estate going to the children,
share and share alike. A compromise was
effected. It is understood that Mrs. How
ard will share the property equally with
the children. The estate is quite valuable,
being estimated as high as $500,000.
RELIEVES THE HACKMEN
FROM LICENSE PAYMENT
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 12.-Judge W.
L. Lorigan ybf the Superior Court of San
ta Clara County to-day handed down a
decision which will be of interest to hack
drivers In San Francisco. The decision
holds that hackmen who are hired in San
Francisco to -drive -to the cemeteries in
San Mateo County are not required to pay
the license provided for in an ordinance of
this county.
Bank Building to Be Sold.
SAN JOSE, Dec. ' 12.— The directors of
the insolvent Union Savings Bank have
entered into negotiations to sell the bark
building at the corner of First and Foun
tain streets to David Jacks of Monterey
for $75,000. Jacks has already paid a de
posit on. the purchase and is now having
the title searched! A mortgage on the
Fisher ranch near Coyote for $40,000 has
beeen sold for ?35,000 cash. As soon as
the sale of the building is completed
there will be about $110,000 in the bank,
and Manager Austin states that a 15 per
cent dividend will soon be declared.
Tempest Damages a Schooner.
! SAN PEDRO, Dec. 12.— The schooner,
Louisa, . Captain Ragmussen, has arrived
here after a tempestuous voyage. She was
barbound at Umpqua, where she loaded,
and after getting over the bar. struck a
hurricane and lost her main masthead,
two jibs and two foresails. She weath
ered the gale and arrived here fifteen
days after she started with 405,000 feet of
lumber for the Kerckhoff-Cuzner Lumber
Company. While she is discharging she
will be temporarily repaired and on her
way north will stop at San Francisco and
have sli new mast put in.
MORGAN'S BILL APPROVED.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The Senate
Committee on Isthmian Canals to-day au
thorized a favorable report on Senator
Morgan's bill providing for the acquisi
tion from Nicaragua and Costa Rica of
the right of way via tne Nicaragua route.
Senator Morgan later presented this re
port to the Senate, accompanying the re
turn of the bill with a report on the sub
ject j of a canal across the isthmus. > Ac
tion on the bill providing for the construc
tion of the canal was deferred. -
The introductory pages of the report
contain a general review of the impor
tance of the construction of an isthmian
canal, and in the second paragraph. of the
report it is declared /that "the failure to
accomplish this work would create a feel
ing of national despair."
Contending for the importance of the
enterprise, Senator Morgan urges that no
nation nor any combination of private In
terests can have any right to prevent its
consummation. "There remains," he
says, "but one barrier to the union of .the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans and no one
nation has the right to declare that lt
never shall be removed . except with its
consent." \
Grand Army Encampment.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— Members of the ex
ecutive committee of the National Council
of the G. A. R., at a meeting here to
night, decided to hold the next annual en
campment of -the organization at Wash
ington, D. C. It has been decided that
the encampment will be held in the fall,
although the exact date will not be se
lected until to-morrow.
■Willing 1 to., Intervene.
LONDON, Dec. 13.— The Brussels cor
respondent of the Standard cables that
Kruger has been informed of the willing
ness of some of the powers to Intervene
in South Africa, if the Boer leaders will
accept autonomy under the supremacy of
Great Britain.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANDRUFF WON'T WASH OUT.
The Germ That Causes It Has to He
Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice
a week scouring her sqalp, thinking
s'crubblng off; the scurf -will cure the
dandruff. .■: Two. hours a week, "at the- age
•of 'arty years, she has spent 260; days of
twelve hours each, or two-thirds of a
year of her. life, in that vain hope; vain,
because 'you can't, cure dandruff without
killing the dandruff germ, and the only
hair preparation on earth that will do that
Js Newbro's "Hcrplclde'.— also a delightful
hair ; dressing. . and thorough antl.spptic
against all' contagion from use of others'
hair brushes. It is also a delightful hair
; dressing .
PRAISES WORK
OF THE SISTERS
The Archbishop Speaks
at Dominican -
Jubilee.
Interesting Ceremonies Held
at the College in San'
Rafael. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 12.— This W8f ft
busy day at the Dominican College In thto
city. With Interesting and appropriate ex
ercises and ceremonies the fiftieth anni
versary of the advent upon this coast o£
the Sisters of the Order of St. Dominic
was fittingly celebrated.
The day's exercises commenced at '6:30
a. m., when Archbishop Rlordan cele
brated a community mass for the Sisters
of the college. At 3 a. m. a solemn high
mass was celebrated by the Rev. W. B.
O'Connor of Stockton, assisted by the Rev.
Father Philips, the Rev. Father D. O.
Crowley of San Francisco and the Rev.
Father Lagan of the local parish. After
the mass the Rev. Father O'Neil of Saa
Francisco delivered a sermon. • ' •
In the afternoon the young lady pupils
of the college carried out a splendid pro
gramme of musical exercises. Archbishop
Riordan theu delivered an address eulo
gistic of the work of the Dominican Sis
ters. To-day's Jubilee would have been
held some time ago, but Just as extensive
preparations for its celebrations had been
completed the President was assassinated
and a postponement was had until to-day.
ATTORNEYS PROBE
ALLEGED CONSPIBACT
More Testimony Is Given in the Case
of the Lynching at Look
out.
ALTURAS, Dec. 12.— In the Superior
Court this morning in the case <ot the
people against Brown, E. I* Carpenter
again took the stand. Deputy Attorney
General Post, for the prosecution, again.
endeavored to prove the contents of. vari
ous search warrants and warrants of ar
rest by oral testimony and without In
troduction of the original documents.
Pending the argument on this matter the.
jury was again excused from the court
room for over an hour. The court ruled
In favor of the prosecution.
Carpenter testified that on May 23 Ua
left Lookout with R. T. Levanton and
was joined by Isom Eades, two of the
defendants, on the way out to Hall'a
place. At Calvin Hall's house he arrest
ed both Hall and Martin Wilson. Levan
ton was present at Hall's place when the.
arrests were made, but Eades waa at a
barn 150 yards. distant. No attempt wa«
made to put a rope or strap around Mar
tin Wilson's neck.
The examination of Carpenter was con
tinued by the prosecution this afternoon.
He testified that he left Frank Hall la
the custody of Levanton, Eades, Kresgo
and Claude Brown. He reached Lookout
at 1 o'clock on the afternoon of May 26
and put the three prisoners with others
in the hotel. Calvin Hall was discharged
on the Monday following and rearrested
that afternoon. He was afterward re
leased. When the prisoners were takon
into custody they were searched and two
revolvers were found on them.
Lost in Northern Woods.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec 13.— A. story
of three men lost in the woods on tha
northern coast cf British Columbia v/a»
brought here to-day by George Logan, a
lumberman who was brought down irj a
small tugr- With two companions Logan,
left here three weeks ago In a small boat
to cruise out lumber. Their boat was cap
sized and while endeavoring to beat their
way back to the coast they became separ
ated and lost. After undergoing great hard
ships Lcgan reached the coast. A second
member of the party waa found almost
dead from cold and hunger. The third
man has not been found and to-night a
searching party left to discover him If
possible.
Christian Association for Redding.
REDDING, Dec. 12.— A project is en
foot to organize a Young Men's Christian.
Association in Redding and put up a
building which when equipped and fur
nished will cost $30,000. Olen Vestal is the
prime mover in the enterprise. He has
been to San Francisco, naa consulted
State Secretary Henry J. McCoy and
hopes to get nearly half the funds re
quired through the State Secretary's of
fice.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 12.— Bishop Georg»
Montgomery has arrived home after an ab
sence of a week in the north. The Bishop
positively states that there la no truth in tho
published rumor that he has been chosen Arch
bishop of Manila, and if there is any Inten
tion on the part of the Pope of appointing
him to this office no official Intimation ot the
fact has reached his ears.
ADVEIITISF.TVTENTS.
Cervtemeri
/^?/lIiM>r».'
{S^Orders
dainty saxhots
will be honorodp
over ISO &tora£*m
the United States
Sides room: 200 ports*
PDTTCUT7Q FOB BARBERS. BAK-
jDliUOXlJulW pfs bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canaerm,
flyers, flourmtlls. foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, - painters, shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 8ft
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1SSL Co».
nutation and private book
free at office or by m«1U
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAi,,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malted
. on. Application.
COAL. COKE ANJ Pld IROX.
J« C- WILSON & C0-» Telephone Mala Utt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
■JAS-'EOYES&Ca. W*%£"3&£j
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD ft ELLI3,
413 Front st., S. F. Phone M&ln 1713. •
~~ ™ PRINTINO.
E- G HUCHES, r m --ggSg- * y ,
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
.... . .__;_ 23 First street, Eaa Tructao**
910
SAJT FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tbe San FYandsco 1
Call, mmer of Market and Third streets; open
uri'il 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OlTlCKS-^27 Montgomery street. !
comer Clay: open urtll 9:30 p. m. •
sno Hayes Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAltii'er street; open until 9:30 p. m. ;
Sir. Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 MicMcn ctreet; open until 10 p. m.
2'fil Markc* street, corner Sixteenth: open
or.til 1 |». m.
1W Eleventh Ftr*et open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street, open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore 6trect; open nnttl » p. tn.
MEETIXG NOTICES. ■_
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. < *^g
T.. h Post st. — Regular assembly Orjr
' Tins EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. All IIBI
fraters cordially Invited. . By order
of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
PAST Grands' Association. I. O. •s^H^iSt'
O. T. — Regular meeting THIS ~j32ErN£= >
fFRIDAT) EVENING. All Past "^Sj-SS?.
Grands cordially Invited to at- w ": " ,
tend. R. H. LLOYD. President. ;
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. I.
O O. F.— Initiation THIS (FRI- •^JShSXS ;
DAT) EVENING. Members :
earnestly requested to attend. ' '"* '■
J. W. E. ALLEN. Secretary. !
. M. BRILLIANT. X. G. - ■ •
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K. id ggm t^ L !
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) Ba2Q5%.
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer PtSoCm
Hall. 24 Fourth st. la&5?
H. H. CASTLE. V*ggy •
Record Keeper. *
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone 8r., In the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Placerville. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in a worked-
out pit; from Mrs. Olivene A. Stone. In the
Gignac gravel mine, near Placer-vlHe. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In Webber
Creek: and from J. B. Lassiat. In the Las-
elat mine at Poker Flat, Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked-out pit, glvea
notice that a meeting will be held at room .
ES Flood building. San Francisco, Cal- on
December 28. 1301. at 1:30 p. m. .
NOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta- !
tlon Company— Notice Is hereby given that In
pursuance of a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, dulv adopted at a meeting of said
board held on the 20th day of November. A.
D. 180L a special meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
be held on MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu
ary A. D. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of that day. at the office of the corpo- 1
ration. No. 327 Market st.. In the city and |
county of San Francisco. State of California^ .
the same being the principal place of busi-
ness and the office of said corporation, and
the buildinc where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering
and acting upon a proposition to create a
bonded Indebtedness of said corporation to
the amount of one million two hundred and
fifty thousand <t250,000) dollars, to the end
and for the purpose of providing means and
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted-
ness of eaid corporation and the indebtedness
incurred and to be Incurred in the develop-
ment of it« properties and the construction
and completion of Its works and Improve-
ments, the uurchase of machinery and the
acquisition of such other property as may
be within the purposes and objects of eald .
•virporation. Dated San Francisco. November
». 1301. H. W. THOMAS. ;
SwTttnrvo> Honolulu Plant»t!on Company. ,
" ASPHALTC.M ROOFING. ;
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eldewalks re-
paired: postal 1186 Mission; teL Folsom 2477. :
CITY ABPHALTCM CO.. CS2 Market st_— Roof 8. ,
t!6>walk». floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2838.
ATTORXE YS AT IjAW.
ADVICE free,* divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success: established IS yrs.
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 3181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market «t.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections: attachments: mortgages: bills of sale;
partnerships: deed*; wills drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt-. r. 4. opp. 6th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st-. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- ■
ket ct.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
I11CVCLES For Sale or Erehang*. '
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market ets.
BOOKS XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2951.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
Bl'REAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Tay-
lor st. ; rent $25; place eetabLmany years
and doing a good business; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest location in tbe
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26i£ Kearny.
A — $600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle bldg.; bargain; call soon.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
X'iii; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— 12500; LEADING country hotel of 80 rooms,
dining and billiard parlors; barroom clears
all expenses and more; rent $75: E yean.'
lease: a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKK,
•J6S Kearny st.
A-1500; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny at.
A— J1M0; BAKERY. Including stock; rent J4O;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tabliehed years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of tale. See R. G. WILKE,
ZSVi Kearny st.
A— *6C0; SALOON on Sansome St.; rent S25; very
choicest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— J1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st,; rent
$60 net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Slxta st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.
It you want to buy or sell business, call at
our office, rm. 2; see our large list of differ-
ent chances; a friendly inquiry costs nothing.
Saloon; wholesale dlst., nr. water front: 4 liv'g
rms.; true money maker; owner sick. McBride
& Co.. real est. & auctioneers. 765 Market.
AT a. great sacrifice — $125 will buy a first-class
restaurant; must be sold at once; party leav-
ing the city. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
RESTAURANT and delicacy; good location;
large family trade; must be sold at sacn-
floe. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
A RARE chance — A cafe and restaurant in
the best business locality in the city, with
elegantly furnished sleeping apartments and
bath: all night service and a lucrative busi-
ness; established a number of years; a full
investigation allowed to prove that this is -a.
bona. fide business offer; & first-class loca-
tion and a paying business; terms. Address
A. Z.. box 2715. Call office.
MILES & CO., 827 Market st.. room 20S.
M.VKi — Hotel in dairy country; always fulL
*3000 — Hotel in farming country: close to city
$e<io — Restaurant, this city, \-ery central
JF2D00 — Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; gee us.
*350— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
buelDees; clears *100 to $150 per month to each
_ partner. Call 9S5 Market at., room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
buslneu; muet be sold; price |450; call and
investigate. Room 14. 935 Market st
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
ttcree. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases
Money to loan on aay of the above.
$2000— DRl.'G ptore; ln\o!c# $1800; doctor will
pay rent; leas* 1% y«are; clears $150 prr
month; nesr Market st.; on a busy street-
fine location. DECKER. 921 Market st-
A— *700; RESTAURANT, established for years
on principal street; owner going East. Ad-
dress box 2705. Call office. '
A— WE buy. sell or exchange b'usiness of all
kinds. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A — FOR cigar stands that actually make money
eee C L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
$250— FOR" sale; good will and fixtures of sa-
loon; a bargain. Apply 157 Minna st
FOR sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 453. Healdsburg. Cal.
PARTNER wanted; established brokerage buc-
ines*; fine opportunity for steady man. Cal.
Business Assn., 6C5% Market st
SALOON ror sale — City front: long lease with
building: owner wants to retire. CHARLES
CHRISTIANSEN. Apply 11 Clay st.
FOR ea!e—- Corner grocery and bar on Six tli
St., bargain. Bos 2740. Call office.
DLACKEMITH chop for sale. 205 Eighth st.
FOR rple — Barber ebop; laundry office, cigar
stand; fine location. Box 2710. Call office.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business;
good location; $1600. Call 2*7 Fifth st
FIR8T-CLA88 saloon with irroeery. on account
et death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom Bt,
nOUTE for sale— A route on this Pfper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle Bt.,
Sahta Cruz, Cal. . f
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
"JT r ' c ~BlSCKKR. ESTABLISHED IN^VhIS
CITY IN 1877. HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL
KINDS OF BARGAINS .....
5 rooms and bath <flat) .....$400
10 rooms on Taylor ;. 650
26 rooms on Keamy 1400
23 rooms, clears $100 9oO
ICO rooms, clears J400 : ...6000
60 rooms, clears J350 3600
M-room corner house-. 4000
1C rooms on -Eddy st.. ■............•..,..#... 850
18 rooms on Third st 950
24 rooms. 2 fronts; clears $200 ,1600 ,
I S3 rooms; best in. the city '2000
CO rooms; Kure to clear J300 .." 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY
Sell or exchange any kind of property —
...I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO., \ "^
850 Market: st. Tel. Davis 281.
35 rooms; swell family hotel $6500
20 rooms; cheap rent 1300
12 rooms: good location; -bargain 750
21 rooms; fine fur.; very profitable.... 3200
15 rooms; all light; cash 500
28 rooms; close in; good payer 3200
16 rooms; new building; new fur..... 1100
10 rooms; all furnishings good 1000
14 rooms; boarding; bargain 1200
18 rooms; paying well; boarding 2500
40 rooms; new fur.: rent $80 2000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
0 rooms; bargain: ?50 cash, bal. paymts $150
22 rooms; Income $200; elegant; bargain. 1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
: 33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150.... 1200
16 rooms; corner; r*rt cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner: clears $600.... 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
■ IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker.. 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
\i A.. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
A CAMERON &~CoT7
860 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Eee our list of bargains.
100 t r. ; cor.; rent S550: lease; fine Income:
first floor offices: best location in city — $6000
7 r.; rent $12: Mission: good and neat 200
36 r. ; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 32H0
14 r. ; rent $45: residence: good fur. ; piano. 850
26 r.; rent $30: clears $100; good fur 1800
1 15 r.; finest little board, house in city.. 1100
I 17 r.: rent $45: cor.: oak fur.; clears $100. S50
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
SAMPLES FROM LIST OF 517 HOUSES.
16 r. : modern: marble steps: grand view;
quiet; respectable: clears $60 a month — $1300
14 r.; central; nice furnishings; clears $G3 '800
12 r.: N. Mkt: quiet: respect: clears $32 650
22 r. ; Golden Gate av.; fine; clears. $79.. 1600
46 r.: Sutter st; lst-clats in ea<* particular;
clears $200 a month over all expenses.
115 r. ; best proposition north of Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list firsf. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market et.
A — FOP- sale: 250 lodging-houses; prices $125
to $B0O0. See STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
FLAT to let: furniture for sale at a great sac-
rifice. McERIDE & CO.. 765 Market, r. 1 & 2.
$500 — LODGING-HOUSE, 34 rooms, all filled;-
rent $20. 543 Howard Bt.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; price $1000; 21
roomi; rent $80; transient. 207 Post st.
S PIRITU ALI SM.
A^cT^vTmILLER. world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue . Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush st
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 1086— Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 p.m.; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter, $*. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st. ; satisfactory
readings, SOc. $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: prophetic
tests 10c; business readings. 50c. $1. 132 6th.
Mrs. Valeen, automatic writing: pSIml6t. clalr.; j
succeeds when others fall. 15S3 Mrkt. nr. 12th. !
Ethel Crlndle. materializing seance Friday eve.,
50c; spirit pictures dally 10-4 o'clock. 325 Ellis.
KATiK~HEUS"SMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr. j
Guerrero; circles Sunday eve.. 25c; sit, dally. |
EDWARD EARLE. J28 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:20 to 5; eeance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c
~~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY!
CLAIRVOYANT — PALMIST.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. I
SIR HENRY PRICHARD. j
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London. |
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL I
YOUR NAME, AGE. OCCUPATION. WHOM
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS, LOVE, MARRIAGE.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re- j
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar- 1
ry. how to WIN the man or woman you love, !
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
bow to control or influence any one you love !
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior 1
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5 !
Sundays.
Reception rooms. IS, 14. first floor.
1104^ — MARKET -STREET — 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD, "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She j
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- I
scription of tbe past, reveals the present hap- ■
penlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu- !
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- I
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. !
love or business troubles, consult this great •
medium and you will be told how to overcome i
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; j
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. I
THIS notice and 10c— Past, present, future,
sickness, lawsuits, troubles, family affairs,
enemies, friends, investments, speculations,
changes, detect dishonesty, unfaithfulness,
treachery, love affairs, happy and unhappy
marriages; Just what you want to know. C07
Kearny st, parlors 1, 2, 3.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
. ket Et. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and ;
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- '
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases.wlth life reading; ladles 50?,
gentp $1: palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A-MISS M. WILLE. 326 A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
<iues. ; full names, Mc.-Jl ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings, U & J2; readings by mall; satisfac. guar.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium. price $1. 519 H Leaven worth St., S. F.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader; Iadle3,
2ftc: gents, 60c; no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs,
MRS. B. Baumann. "well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., near 4th.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, wonderful astrologist;
tribe Alohobar. 1008% Mkt.. 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. B Fourth at
CARI^ET^nEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
; ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 4O.
. MODERN CO. : steam cleaning. 3c: laying;
' cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
i AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
• Sc; renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
. ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.~;
• tel. Main 334. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating worksfprices
• reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
, CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
_ 333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 120.
I CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
! STEVENS Mgr., 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
. J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
1 vatlng Co.. 240 14th gt.; tel. Mission 74.
CUIKOPODISTS. — _~
- Ingrowing toenails, bunions and'Tcorns cured
• painless) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate Chl-
ropodlst. Indorsed by med.prof'n. 304 Stockton.
; _ OFFICES.
- COLUMBIAN- Law and Collection Agency: 6th
t floor: S16 Market et. ; ad vie j tree. Tel. Bush
1M ; able body of attorneys.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13 V 1901.
NOTICE TO PATRONS.
Owing to the. large size of The Call's
Christmas Edition, to be issued SUN-
DAY, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:3O p. m/
SATURDAY.
The Christmas Call will be the
largest., finest and most elaborately
illustrated holiday edition published
on the Pacific slope. Send a copy to
your Eastern friends
READY FOR MAILING— 5 CENTS PER COPY
DENTISTS.
A^DfT.'t?"s!-HIGGINS. 927 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reagon-
• able prices; pure gold fillings. Jl 50: other fill-
ings, |1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges,
and fillings; extractions or (fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; . prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL, CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.. S.. Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break 1 ;
.warranted 20 years; crowns J3 50; fillings 50c:
plates $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. fi Eddy et— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental r:.rlor», 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, Ai; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentist:. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. -BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. 5r] 51 57
YOUNG. 1S41 Pol.: st.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 11J5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
'Jl DOG HOSPITALS. /
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. -510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor &• Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
H^ATD^S^HOiaErolF^L^TRicA^ENGT
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 21 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
; tees a complete bus. educations , shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic. 'penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. -
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan> building. !
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowlng? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
YOUNG German Residing In the city is deslr-
ous of getting some one to teach him Eng-
lish. Address stating terms, etc., box 2713,
Call office.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
I rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mlning.mech.sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864_ Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners.college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
i A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
I Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
■ Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
! A — Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine St.: board:
i Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo. ;coach.
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 Par-
rott building; send for catalogue.
TENOR lyric, high with powerful voice, de-
sires engagement?. Address box 26S1, Call.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
-teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.-
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
I LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
i day and eyen. classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin. Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 14.'C> Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINOTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION — night class. 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. ,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlng,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochita. 1233 Page st.: tel. Fell 8501.
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house - servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Malp C188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by day, laundry or
cleaning, $1 25. Call or address Worklng-
. woman, 143 Erje st. near Fourteenth and
Folsom.
RELIABLE,' well-educated lady wants position;
Al references. Address "G.," 1168 .Wash- ;
Ington Bt., Oakland. ' ■ . .
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires a situation by
the" month; best city references. Please call
or address 711% Clementina st. ...
WANTED — By reliable woman, position to do
housework in small private family, or place
to assist in kitchen. Address box 2752, Call.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants position in
hotel or rooming house ; country preferred.
Box 2739, Call office.
REFINED girl wants situation to assist' in
housework and cooking where there are no
small children. L.B.. 1O1M3 Valencia St.
COMPETENT dressmaker; good fitter and cut-
ter; dresses made over; quick worker. F.,
1941 Mission Bt.
GERMAN woman cook wishes situation in
• good family; references furnished. 162 Jes-
1 sie St.. near Palace Hotel.
NURSES— 2 young women between 20 and 30
' years of age, of good health and morals.- For
particulars apply 1051 - Market st., Oakland.
HOUSEWORK by the ' day wanted by young
woman. Address E:, 125 Sixth st.. room 8.
RELIABLE woman from New York as work-
ing housekeeper for small family, where I
could have my little boy. who goes to school;
small wages ;- references exchanged. 'Please
call at 322 Minna Bt. __^
A ' JEWISH i lady, ' first-class cook, wishes to
work by the day; references. Box 2738. Call.
EJgPL^YJWBNT \VAWTED-— FEMALE.
WETNURSE — A healthy woman of 30, having
a healthy baby 1 month old. wishes position
as wetnurse. Apply 1051 Market St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the I
day or house cleaning. B. F., 21% Harrison
ave.. off Folsom st.
COLORED woman, first-class cook, wants slt-
uatlon; good references; city, j Call 253 Jessie.
CAPABLE American lady wishes position as
housekeeper; Bmall private family. Address
box 2708, Call office. •
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; good worker. Box 2660, Call. .
A COMPETENT experienced stenographer de-
sires position; references. A., box 2701, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes ■ position as working
■ housekeeper; city or country. Box 2672. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; 51 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
references; reasonable wages. T. D., 21%
Harrison ave., off Folsom st.
A MAN of large business experience, stranger
In City, will take position where care, and
good' Judgment are needed ; will furnish bonds
or cash security. Box 2724, Call office.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wants position
as watchman in some large establishment;
best of references; experienced in such work.
Box 2723, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
Ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2633, Call.
3OOD German cook wants steady place; hotel
or restaurant; good meat cutter. J. H., 107
Eighth st. ■
A MIDDLE-AGED " German with . references
wants work of any kind; has experience in
bottle business. 742 Geary st.
A YOUNG man wants situation to' learn the
grocery trade; speaks German. . W. R. J..
427 Stevenson st.
YOUNG man of sober habits desires' situation;
some • experience at painting. Address box
2751. Call office. . .
YOUNG man wants posttlon In grocery and
bar; can do bookkeeping. • Address G. C,
3271 Mission st, near Twenty-ninth.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers want work;' ref-
erences; thorough workmen. 410 A Harrison.
RESPECTABLE boy 18 years old, living with
"his parents, would like to learn ' the ■" plumb-
' Ing trade. W. D.; 21% Harrison ave., oft
Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position Of any
kind of light work; willing to learn grocery,
business; city or country; has good refer-
ences. Box 2737, Call office. '
•A SCOTCH couple; wife, first-class cook and
baker in all branches, thrifty and economical;
man, all-round work; country preferred. Box
2681, Call office. '
PROFESSIONAL nurse; understands massage
and electric treatment; speaks English,
French and German fluently; best of refer-
ences. Box 2707, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED single man, about ■ private
place; can milk cow; good gardener; clean
windows: low wages; best references. Box
2703. Call office. ' - ' .
YOUNG German desires to work; saloon or
restaurant preferred. Address 38 Ellis st,
cigar store.
POSITION wanted v by young man in grocery
store; 4 years' experience as clerk and 2 as
manager. Box 2721, Call office.
MAN and wife, experienced and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. Call or
address E., 125 Sixth St., room 8.'
YOUNG, good, experienced boy wants position
to do housework and wait at table. Call 12Vi
- William st.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants a Job repairing
large hotel, offices or stores. Box 2743, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
"exchangeT^" ~~~
$1000 — GOOD grocery business; -will exchange
for Watsonville property. Address A, Call
office. San Jose.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
. have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and .financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. '
, FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 6-room flat, finished attic; fine lo-
cation,- view and grounds; northwest corner
Waller and Portola, bet. Pierce and Stelner.
O'FARRELL, 1035— Modern flat, 8 sunny
rooms, bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
SUNNY corner 7 rooms, bath; very desirable;
perfect order: $32 month. 1800 O'Farrell st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED immediately, a furnished flat; West-
ern Addition; 3 adults; telephone West 67L
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE in nice sunny 6-room flat; 200
Hyde Bt.. cor. Turk, for sale cheap; rent $35.
Inquire on premises.
FURNITURE of an elegant home for sale,
with the privileges of renting. Box 2716.
Call office. "
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. J48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
PARLOR and bedroom set; nearly new; cheap.
Inquire 700 Polk st. " ! .:
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON~bu?Tliiriclnds of household ! goodsl
. 1710 Market st; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
.price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, • car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market
GLOVES.
C^R^™A^9«»ent^Sanlc^err S glove j order;
factory price guar. ; kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A — MRS.' M. E. DAY & CO.. .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Waitress, $20, south, fare paid; 8 waitresses,
city, ■ §20 and $25; 3 : restaurant waitresses,
$8 week; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20.
... ... . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT . ; . . : ...
Houseglrl, $25, no wash; houscgirl, American
' , family, Alameda, $25; houseglrl, 3 in family,
no windows or washing, - $25; second girl,
. $25. : MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. . 335 Geary.
A— WOMAN cook for 32 to 15 boarders, $40;
woman • cook, : small restaurant, - $8 ; week.
MRS.' M. E. ■ DAY & CO.. ■ 335 Geary Bt.
WANTED — Neat girl for general housework. 2
- ; in «a?nlly, $20. Apply 2201 Laguna st., b«-
twl^ 12 and 2 or tt and 8.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE — -Con.
WANTED — 39 girls for housework In nice
American and German families, $25; 6 second
girls, $20 and $25; waitresses for restaurants,
$tf and $8 a week; cook, for boarding-house.
$30, and many others. - J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS'and WOMEN to
learn hair dressing,* manicuring, .electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyelng'and bleach-
ing, etc.; full course, 3 weeks; tuition $5; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good ; positions
. In fine stores now open to those entering Im-
mediately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE, first and only school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are imitators. S. F.
Hairdressing College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
jOPERATORS at Levi Strauss & Co.'s Overall
■ Factory, 3214 Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Badly freckled young or mlddle-
• aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment: good wages;
pleasant position. Room 52. Columbian bldg.
- ■ (opposite Emporium). .
EXPERIENCED hands on sun bonnets, chil-
dren's hats and caps. BAUER BROS., '21
Sansome st .
GIRL for general housework and experienced
cook. Apply with references between 10 and
11 at 1800 Sutter st. . *
GIRL wanted to take care of Infant. 1438
Page st. •-
OPERATORS on silk waists. NEWBAUER
BROS.. 607 Market st. /
GIRL to do chamber work and wait at table;
German preferred. 567 Sixth st
THERESA — Who worked for Mrs. Kuhl. call
• at 1112 Sacramento st; urgent.
WANTED— Girl to do housework In family of
3 at 2512 California et.
GIRL for general housework. ' 2651 Howard
-st, bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
i WANTED — Girl to set type. ' Address box
2755, Call office.
WANTED — Competent woman for general
housework and cooking. Apply 91S Eddy st.
WANTED — Competent person to assist in care
of infant 6 months old; Alameda; references.
Box 2704, Call office. \ . - -
GIRLS, be independent: entire course in halr-
dresslng; 3 weeks. $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st. ground floor. •
AN unusual chance for first-class milliner.
Call at 363 Geary st. parlor floor.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
~ between. 8 and 11 a. m., HALE BROS.
YOUNG girl light housework; small wages;
nice home. Call 705 Hyde, cor. Post, flat 3.
NEAT girl for housework; no cooking; wages
$12; references. 2840 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 1705
Baker st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, general :. housework;
wages $20. 1623 McAllister st.
MARRIED woman or widow for a position re-
qulrlng stability. Box 2711. Call.
10 LADIES for concert hall In country. Call
906 Market st. room 17. ■ •
CLASSIFIED advertisements an: subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been estt£Hshed at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor -Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Brlckmason for a mine $5 a day
Carriage trimmer, country shop.. $3 day
Furnace man for a mine...., $65
Choreman and driver for cattle ranch, $35
and found, see boss here; sash and weight
molders; choreman, private, place, $20; 10
farmers and plow teamsters, $20 and $30....
Young man drive delivery wagon $7 week
Milk wagon driver $30 and found
3 pruners for an orchard
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker for a company's boarding-house, $45
and found; cook, restaurant, city, $12 -week
and found; 4 cooks, country hotels; 3 wait-
ers. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, country hotel, $43* and found; cook and
wife, country restaurant, $60: waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
, e28 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN, $35 and found; driver for milk
wagon, $30 and found; pruner, $1 day and
found ;' first-class gardener, $35 and found;
middle-aged man about place, $30 arid found;
carriage blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day; tie-
makers, 10c to 14c; woodchoppers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., «2S Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Alsatian cook, no Sunday work, $75 to $80;
second cook, country hotel, $45.
C: R. HANSEN & CO 105 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bellboy, city, must live at home.
MINE SHIFT BOSSES.
Wanted — Two experienced, steady, single
young men, well recommended. Address box
2752, Call office,, giving name, age, indorse-
ments and salary expected. ;
WANTED — A middle-aged man as bookkeeper;
must have had experience in a San Francisco
bank; position open Jan. 1. .Address In own
handwriting, stating salary desired, etc., box
2722. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $75 cash;
- light Indoor work; $15 week; steady place; no
experience; only those meaning business need
. apply. BROWN. 1221 Market st
WANTED — A boy to deliver morning papers In
Sunset District. Apply at grocery, Stanyan
and Beulah sts., 4:30 p. m. to-day.
BARBER shop in country; fine place for man
and wife. Inquire at WILL & FfNCK'S.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st, room 1.
WAITER wanted for country hotel; wages $20.
544 California st. . .-
WANTED — Young barber at 105 Hayes st.
MEN wanted at 146 Fifth st,, to rear; email
means; commission. 7:30 a. m» or 1-3 p. m.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady job; good wages
and found. 1048 McAllister et. . ; --
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between tbe ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
"Office. 40 Ellis st. Sap. Francisco.
BARBER, shop in country; running 3 chairs
and 2 baths; established 20 years; a bargain.
DECKELMAN bROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Two active men to handle entirely
new proposition; no canvassing; $50 per week
guaranteed. Apply room 106, Leepalmer Ho-
tel, from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st . ■:
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Carriage woodworker and all-round
man. 265 Stevenson st, or Bay View Car-
riage Factory, San Rafael.
BARBERS — 2-chair shop for sale; rent cheap;
living rooms if desired. 1220 Market st,
Oakland. ' , .
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.* HALE BROS.
"WANTED — Cash boys. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m.. HALE BROS. \ >
WANTED — Experienced drummer for city.
Brownstcne Wine Co., 331 Ellis st".
$100 BUYS half Interest in paying horseshoeing
shop. Box 2717. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. .663 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
DRUG clerk wanted. 74 Jackson st.
BOY to carry morning newspaper in Western
Addition. Box 2713, Call.
BARBERS— Wanted, shop with living-rooms.
. in country; Write particulars box 2718, Call.
WANTED — Gardener for nursery; steady work.
Inquire 3041 Baker st.., Pacific Nursery.
WANTED— First-class ■ machinists and iron
■ molders. 505 Mission st.
ABLE solicitors can: earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
, 60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25a
, to SOc. 563 .Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts. ]
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all. parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St. .
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
. - hand shoes for sale ;. 50c up. . 241 Third st. ,
YOUNG men to learn .barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F.- Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. - E. A. Bullls. 3; 40, Pheian
■ big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, O. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, . 25c - night ; reading rooms ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
, .Valencia at.' • . . . . -* ■;. . . -• :.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
■HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 18. at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
•cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck one 12-passenger carriage. CAR.
VILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
HORSE, $12 50: horse, ?25: coal wagorc $40:
. Icecream wagon. $20. 79 City Hall ave.
3 TOP wagons for sal*. 1504 Folsom st
FULL line German Government horses always
n hand. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1732 Market.
TWO horses, about 2900. harness and 4-ton
wagon complete; a bargalB. 1220A Alabama. J
; SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for, sale at>721 Howard st. '-
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
1 camping wagon for sale, cheap. 5»2 Mission.
. HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
WEBSTER. 2814. near Green — Furnished or
unfurnished nine (all sunny) room house: 2
baths; large laundry; large sunny sheltered
yard. *
A — NEW, sunny, northwest corner, 45 rooms.
4 baths: marine view; 1006 Powell st. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
CASTRO. 809— Modern house of 9 sunny rooms;
fine view; garden: large basement; washtubs.
- . HOUSES WANTED.
FURNISHED house wanted; must be In good
location; modern In every respect; best care
'given for 2 people only; house with stable
preferred. H. A. RODGERS. 27 Geary st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A gold double buckle between Maskey*s
and Vandfcrslice's. Kearny and Sutter sts..
consisting of the initials K. I. K., surmounted
by a crown. Finder will please return to
Occidental Hotel and receive liberal reward.
A LARGE silver gray and tan terrier bitch,
answers to name of Nellie. Return to 424
Fifth ave., Richmond District, and receive
. reward^
LOST — Wednesday night, on Devisadero st.
black Jacket; $10 reward. W. BARON, 22
Grant ave. (
LOST — Leather satchel in Kale's waltlng-
' room; liberal reward. 1271 Mission st.
LOST — White Spitz dog. Liberal reward for
return to 2751 Broadway.
LOST — Fox terrier dog. black spots over eyes;
tag 3551. Reward B19 Hyde st.
LOST — Certificate of deposit issued by First
National Bank for $680, dated August 22.
1901, No. 75,889. All persons are warned
against negotiating this certificate as pay-
ment has been stopped. GEORGE SIMMERS.
LOST — On Gough St.. near Fell, a small dia-
mond pin, valued as a keepsake. Finder will
be rewarded by returning same to 302 Fell
street.
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 Post round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
FOUND — Black and tan Gordon bitch. Can
have same at Montgomery Market, 73S Mar-
ket st, S. F., by paying for ad.
IT -will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
. nla Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works*. ■415*4 Sacramento St.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATTRESSES ASP PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st. ; tel. Bush 421. -_j
MEDICAX.
DR. O'DONNELL^ All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W.- O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET Is a graduate of the Royal
- University of Berlin In midwifery cases: takes
ladies before and during confinement, with the
best of care; Infants adopted; -7IH take two
to work at my private residence, on 60S
Guerrero st,, near Eighteenth; phone Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from tbe East and resumed business;
home In confinement 210 Eddy St., near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience in midwifery cases; pri-
vate home before and during confinement. 410
O'Farrell St.. near Taylor: hours } to 5)
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
. method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:33 p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician: 25 yrs.*
successful exoerience in S. F. Maternity
Home, 90C Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cur»d by herbs.
MISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019.. 1021. 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AUCTION sale, Dec. 18. .10 a. m. — About 200
Government wagons, pumps, boilers, en-
gines, elevators, machine shop tools, etc.;
write for list. J. C. BAKER, 410 Third St..
, Oakland.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture , Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Sets.
UYEDA CO.. 423 and 424 Geary St.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear," machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
WOULD make a nice Christmas present; seal-
skin;. bust 36; will sell for $80; Just remod-
eled; original cost $225. Box 2C09. Call.
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch
dog or for boy and cart, $25. 110 Twenty-
ninth st.
A— $3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. %2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
FOR sale — 20 cords good dry I firewood at $3 a
cord. Apply immediately at 23 Main st
FOR sale — A Call newspaper route of 600
names. Inquire telephone Kate 2047.
FOR SALE — A fine watchdog; genuine Dane. 0
Delgardo place, off Hyde st, near Green.
FOR sale — Boiler In good . condition at»v621
Kearny at. ' . ■ 7>...
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, pumps,
pipe and supplies. H. 3. White, 516 Ml33lon.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-nand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission 8t
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50. only $23.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento -st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
, bought T. Fershtand. , 126 Kearny st. rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission at. :
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movlne dIc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Cheap for cash, small soda^and
. mineral water plant in good order. Box 2725
Call office. ' '
PARROTS wanted; any kind; will nay $5 un
Apply 1216-1218 Market st. ; ask f or-manage?!
WILL pay cash and good. prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Sllverman, 984 Folsom jtel.Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 8tocktoa,
MATRIMONIAL-
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. H»rts. 706 Hllta.
MOSEY TO I«OAIfJEl
HERMAISt~MUKFiiT. 6U3 Examiner building.
H500.0CO at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages...
Life Interests in estates
Property being held in trust •
Undivided interests in real estat*
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Nead Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
t J3OO.0OO at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to suit:
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln»
■ terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bids.
ANT AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real 'estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bousrht: no delay....
Get my terms before dning business eloewbe»»
R. McCOLGAN -
■ ............14 Montgomery gt.. room 3 •
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgage*, es-
tates, legacies, interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAX. 206 Kearny at., room 314.
ON real estate. 1st or tod mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount: lowest rates: open evenings 7 to &••»•"
BECKER & CO.. 027AIarket st. room 61.*. 4
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1S13:
proper place to borrow money on- diamonds,
jewelry planoa and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: teL Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Markat
«t: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third Bt.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 1C3 Grant ave.. neaf
Geary st. ; phone Red 16CX
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse.etc. :any amount low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 2G Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market at. room W.
LOWEST rates on furnlture.planos;noremoval;
no commls. R. 2. 11 IS Mrkt. ; tel. Folsom 469.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no re-
moval; open evenings. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 MarkL
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper di»-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bids.
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos; low-
est rate; no removal. 927 Market St., rm. 208.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
11000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
IF yeu want a home I will loan you money U»
bay It. A. E. RUDELL. 223 Bansoma st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
■ltlona. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Pheian big.
LOANS money on salary; no tndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Pheian hldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have Just received the latest" designs In art
planoa a great assortment in Sohmer. Byron
Mauzy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
303 Pest st __
A GRAND concert every afternoon, ? to 4. by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MAUZY' 9.
SC8-310-312 Post st
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical instru-
ments. Guitars, Violins, Mandolins, Banjos;
bargains In all makes. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st
SELECT. your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY. 303-310-312 Post at.
A LOT of slightly used pianos, J30 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Christ-
ma*. BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
IF you want to pay only $75 or $100 or $12S
for a piano call on us at once, as we have
them at that price. If you prefer a good
new piano at a low price, we have them from
$190 up. We carry the Wissner. Decker &
Sen, Baumeister. Steger and Singer, and all
are worth more than the price sold for. Re-
member that we are making special low
prices on all pianos sold during the holidays.
The Simplex piano player is the very best
thing for a present. Call on us and hear
them play. THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that oar piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
eaey payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, M and 55 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.,s*ole agents most famous and oldest
American makes: easy payments; bfsr a'lo-w-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed: bargain?. $25 up: Stein-ways. $185:
Chickerlngs, $135: BO others; Grands for
' rent; agents wanted; open evenings. 217
Geary st .
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from K3 up; new upright
pianos from J175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrei!. Checkering. Mason
ft Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos. •
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $S5; slx-octav*
Mason * Hamlin organ. $35; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl -walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth st; IVERS &* POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only SOc a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
st; established 1350.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap* In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 MARKET.
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
COMPELLED to sell account departure, new
3-pedal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
PIANO free: party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
UNEEDA a piano for the holidays; rent one;
total cost $5. 560 Hayes st.
$6W> UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 38.
217 Geary st -
$125— SOHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
175; Erard upright. Hornung. 211 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. J Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. It McAllister st.
AT KEEFFKS. 2J Tur* st. neaf Market-
Phoninger. Schubert and ftelntrar bargains.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO let or lease at low rent — Store and cement-
ed basement 25x80 feet. In brick house on
Sacramento street, near Montgomery, b/
JOHN PFOR.R. 403 Pine st
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission »t.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEP.OME FOSELLI. sclentiflc~palmist~5i5
Taylor st, bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 29oo.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from S3 up: whitening don«.
Hartman Paint Co.. 31» Third; tel. lied 352t.
PATENTS AND PEXSIO.VS.
PENSION advice free; general pracUtloneiC
OKO. D. CAMPBmx. lawyer. F.xamin-rbidg.
, i :-_j. PERSOSALS.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng, 25c, manicuring 25cT
gents' manicuring 50c. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant In city. 23c: our specialties, scalp treat-
, ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
50c; headquarters fcr genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to- all visitor*
• at the BON-TON, 324 Post at
, AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
. I of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
. ■ ments. Jl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
. LACE curtains laundered with neatness and
dispatch; first-class work; prices reasonable;
• .work called fcr and delivered. Send card or
1 drop your order at 443 Third st.
■ HARE ancj unique presents for the holidays at
I h . e « O . I ?J? Irl0>lt * St °«' "8 G«ary «t.. NAT
; . RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
• SUPERFLUOUS hatr and moles destroyed with
..| electric needle. MISS EATON. in» Sutter >U
IBflHBHHBnniSK-' -".:9HMSF^^T^fpiuMs will cure any case of
"E^.'^itj sciatica, neuralgia or rout; price
■W* 8 ''' »>ottle. For circulars. Plnus Med.
: £?. I, Valencia ct.. S. F.; tel. Church 157L
-i^^piight in every room— Winchester
■■^ , «4 Tihrd fit., near Market: 700 rooms-
"* eL oW P« nleht: $1 M t0 $6 P er *eek :
it .fcjs end bacgage.to and from the ferry.
-jj-Tj^^You can be certain of style and
h .v V"F Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
'•' .' U d< --signer new ready. J. w. EVANS
* es-jc rffioe. 1021 Market gt., near Sixth!
-=Svi <ure for drunkenness, opium and
t-nhiae habits. Mooser Co. Gold Cure; znany
Staioni* 1 *' direction to give secretly; price
' " AddreFs US Geary 6t.. Ban Francisco.
complexion beautifying; latest
*55teearil methods: electric roleau; superflu-
Vair removed by electrolysis. Mine. Zephev
yMor'x. parlors S30 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
stranger, wishes to make th«
• .,-vc ■■-.■nance of Eastern lady; object matri-
jL^ay. H \ -754. Call. ■
TrfTrTnsmfl iron beds, single, three-quarter
JflSsMe" ?2=S. EASTERN OUTFITTING
\!q isir.-l312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
r^T^Tlieft hairdressing .j the city; 2Sc for
,' r v Vtvif: y™ receive polite attention. G
J3JEBER. *ZZ Stockton, st.
-rfX-wr hair is falling or you are bald call on
"s.M^re. S3 2 O Farrell: send for circular.
„ pripps-Superfluous hair, moles removed
;;. tjfCTTic needle. 968 Sutter: tel. Larkln 317L
-rT^KAT'E oostumes. play books, trigs-
rcUTit T.icrs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mrkt.
T^jfe&e costumes at H. Anderson's theatri-
~|l costuir.er. " 6 ° Farrell; country orders.
rXA^OTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT
he be?: c?m cure: 25c; all druggists.
eSEDCKS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
.airtj_ Its natural color; «; at all druggists.
MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
s-ri'HAT-g & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny et.
rnTr-MADE suits. 57 60; dress pants. $2 50
jirft Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupontl
PLAMNG AXP TCRMXG MILLS.
00I>«J»o Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
r ; sawir-c CARL F HAAS 9: Fremont «t
"pilVSICIAXS^ AXD SCRGEOXS.
"c. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce~and~resid*nce"
flQtj Market Et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
?. 'UCN'G HIM. herb doctor, successfully
r^at? Ell diseases of the human body: «e«
ailtlP**" tM M at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
-DK. WONG 'WO, herb doctor: sanitarium,
■■■i-TCfl Hay st.: see testimonials at office.
j-AL ESTATE— CITY. FOR SALeI
"LEASE". . ...... '. . .7. .". :...'.'.r.'..\".Z
North Side
Heights
Residence Completely Furnished
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery 6t.
R S ALE
Mbob residence North Side Pacific Heights.
or unfurnished •
23,000 unfurnished
i THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
•—^ 5 Montgomery 6t.
ZxSoO'S the north 6lde of Howard st.,
owntpwn, with 2-story frame building;
ens $12 to S15 a month; price only 937S0
"HOS. MAGEE & SONS, S Montgomery 6t.
rtr modem house 7 rooms, large basement
z.i yard; eun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
c!a ets.. bet. Pierce and Stelner.
00— HANDSOME flats; sacrifice: Liberty
:.: choice location. Owner, box 2655. Call.
-: A.L ESTATE~COUXTRY--For Sale
5o?1aLE "nEAE^AN FRANCISCO^l
mail tracts. $60 to *30 per acre, on Rancho
ctati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
: an Francisco Is prowlr^ rapidly; location
est fcr poultry and general farming. Apply
- The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
ilets and information.
TLTRTTand dairy ranches for sale; write for
-ee list. C. R. WTTCFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
iMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
.RGAINS: improved & unimproved property
cquired by foreclosure; *£ cash. Bank of Ala
1RKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
1 BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
'-:>-KEDrCED from C2200; must be sold; 4
arge rooms and both; lot 85x130; ■windmill and
ask; $300 cash, balance $15 per month. W.
. MOEAS & CO.
$3700— Reduced from JCOO; 1 acre of land; 6-
:>om house; large barn; chicken-houses; full-
earing fruit trees; windmill and tank; best,
art of Berkeley. W. C. MO RAN & CO.
$4100 — Jievr 7-room house; fine barn aad 20
xres of land; reduced from $7500; must -aell;
Ely 2 miles from Berkeley. W. C. MORAN
c CO.
$300 to $4500— In the Wheeler tract: la«t week
■efore the raise; next week property will be
tdsed j:».000; buy before the raise; Mrs.
iearst's and President Wheeler's "property
-£Join this tract. W. C. MORAN & CO.
fl-CO — 5-room cottage; $100 cash, balance $15
*<er month; bank loaned $lS00 on this prop-
■rty; I bay ■wlndoirs: basement done off; lot
0x100; 2 tlocks to cars. "W. C. MOHAN & CO.
$2000— New S or « room cottages; lots 45x100:
' blocks to train &nd electric cars; porcelain
batn; tiled sink; tinted wails; gas fixtures;
Ine m&ntel and sideboard. See some of the
rew houses we are building all over town;
will furnish lot and build you a house to euit
you and cell on terms mme as rent.
W. C. MOHAN & CO.. Lorin station, and
Schmidt Block.
; Berkeley.
HOMES, ranging la prices from $2000 to
w-u0 cn terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
n tbe course of construction; all modern and
av*> from € rooms asd ba-th up to 9 rooms and
oath; situated on the local Berkeley roai,
r \-ing the same eenice and time as the Oak-
tl local from Seventh and - Broadway to
i Francisco. Further Information apply
A. J. EXYDER.
4C7 Xintii St.. Oakland. CaL
Or Branch Office
A. J. SNTDER,
Adeline Station, Berkeley.
"£.-*— A 'WELL-BUILT bouse of 6 rooms and
ttath, near tbe station, on sunny -side of street:
a bargain.
$2300— New 2-8tory bouse of 9 rooms; thor-
arhly modern -in every respect; near electric
Jlroad.
Tlouse of € rooms and bath, *-ast of r&llroad.
etween Dwlght way and Berkeley stations.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. E.eal Estate. Berke.
•y station.
)AKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKT.A3VD KEAL ESTATE.
1750— ON vreet side of Union Et., near Four-
teenth; have just completed one of Oakland's
prettiest homes; location none better; see It
end you will buy It.
A, J. SNTDER.
«7 Ninth 6t_, Oakland. Cal.
TILL offer a corner on which you can erect
fiats which will return 1% pel 1 cent per month
cn money Invested.
A. J. SNTDER.
467 Ninth ct.. Oakland. CaL
TO-XETV 6-room cottage, modern and con-
venient; lot 60x100; street sewered, macadam-
ized and etdewalked; two minutes' walk from
caff line. Fcr terms apply
A A. J. SNTDER.
f 467 Ninth at.. Oakland. CaL
EW 2-story house, same vicinity; convenient
and pretty; eee this property at once;
At reasonable prices— Homes, lots, business
property for eale in all parts of Oakland and
vicinity. A. J. SNTDER,
467 Ninth gy. Oakland. CaL
______________
11C0 Broadway, Oakland.
v3250 — Something extra nice In the way of a
lodern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
Jid out toward Berkeley; lot S0xl2&; 7 rooms
nd bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLAKD COTTAGES TO LET.
L'NXT lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric «er-
vice throust^vt: 2 coal end 1 fas grate; large
corner lot; lawn: fruit and Ehade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ivf. electri*. cars, corner Washington and
Eighth «ts.. come within 1 block. Call or
«ddi— ss 1G."9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
IAKLAXD FtttMTlBB FOB SALE.
>J>i" Introdaction to you from H. Schellhaas th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
KOO3IS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXC.
:i)DT, 421 — 2 nicely furnished tunny bay-
window rms. for housekpg.; gas range; closet.
"IFTH, 253 — 3 rooms, furnished housekeeping,
aa^hath. $20; 3 for <12; also single. $■* to $7.
IAI<4 tT, 222 — 3 perfectly appointed house-
Jcpgr rms. fcr couple; sunny; alcove; phone.
ACICSON. 020, near Mason — Furnished large
room: 2 beds; grate or housekeeping; $Z). ,
ONES. C14 — Parlor floor, 3 rooms complete for
housekeeping; -si-ill rent single, $0 and $7. I
M Tay^or A «S aCe r '•, ott Gear y- bet - Mas ° n -* 1
rm B f,,^"T^° let - 2 Bun «»y housekeeping
rmE.. furnished complete; gas range; rent $9.
°wm«Uw 1 SiJ? r# Geary— Sunny furnished
• re " ng Parlors; mantel, gas stove, closet.
5^- K f E - cor.. Washington and Pow-
en— i eunny unfurn. rms.; upper flat; $10.
C recf| S vlS 1E ; D /> a ?. vertl8ement8 and subscriptions
receUedat Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st-
A «5S5rtrtSL2 W £ e Ior v. Ctal advertisements and
Valencf st. established at 1096
and Cnf urn.
■^fu'nlv 2^, 0 , 161 - McAllister-New, elegant.
St^'f* 11 attached: 75c day upward; rates
-__ y Week °r month; McAllister cars to door.
A S?^ C « SWICK HOuiiT 1<8 Slxth-Kooms.
light housekeeplnc rooms; open all night.
B «i R i N ? TT ' 1C6 Market (old No. _64)--Fur-
mshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CL , IFI *l R ?- 204 Ellis, corner Mason-Elegantly
lurniEhed snnny rooms; prices reasonable.
HY 2S # - 841 — Two handsomely furnished well
lightea rooms, private bath;, everything new.
E afe. IS i, 3 i^ Mozart— Nicely furnished rooms";
_ <t5c. SO night; $1 BO. ?C wk; open all night.
F^^° M * l^XT*? ele Kant large sunny front
room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
FRANCISCO HOTEL-Elegant suites; single;
: transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
FRONT unfurnished connecting rooms with
; alcove; running water; gas; phone; suitable
tor light housekeeping:. Box 2742, Call.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
eultes and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1137— Sunny furnished rooms, en suits
NE .^- ARLIXGT £ N - 1018 Harket-Nicely fur-
nlehed rooms; ft a week up; 35c a day up.
° 'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
SS; month. J8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; fooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON 222-A sunny suite and singles.
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low.
STJTTER SMH (The Stanford)_Sultes from &
to t7; singles, g to « per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia gt
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BUNNY parlor suites, suitable for couple or S
young men; board optional; private family-
north of and ten minutes' walk from Market.
"Phone East 712."
HOTEL Dennlston, cor. Valencia and 21st st*—
J n v. , Warm Belt": free from -prevailing
togs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvingrdale. 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. «2 SO np; excellent table. ■
THE Plerpont, 418 Ellis— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
cining-room.
ROOM and board In elegant furnished flat;
home for 2; sunshine; billiard-room and tele-
phoae. Call 25 Baker et.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Manslort)— Select
fa-nlly hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 "Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Niara, 615 Taylor— Nicely fur. rms.;
running water; excellent board; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD r .WAXTED.
WANTED — Room and board In refined French
family by single lady where she. can receive
the benefits of French conversation. Ad-
dress box 2748. Call. .
BOARD wanted — Father and two daughters:
$80; state particulars. Box 2756. Call office.
WANTED — To exchange flrst-elass instruction
on piano for board in Mission. Box 2712. Call.
■ _\' ROOMS^WAy TEP. ~
S- UNFURNISHED rooms- south "of' Market;
state price. - Box 2. 300 Hayes gt.
RUPTURE SASITAR_IUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st.; treatment free; only
Invention tn the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J$4; collections made; '
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt..rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrtog; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGEAXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage "Warehouse. S4O Mis-
elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany,. 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 184O; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AN'D SUPPLIES.
GREAT "BARGAINS IN TrPEVnUTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
; house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California; telephone Main 260.
"WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
_ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
FOUR Oil Company: — Dividend No. 5 -will be
payable December 10, 1901, at the office of
the secretary, room 23, third floor. Mills
bunding. CHARLES MUSAUS, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVEUTISEMKNTS.
NOTICE Is hereby given to the District Attor-
ney ot the city and coiinty of San Francisco
that I, the undersigned, intend to apply to
the honorable state Board of Prison Directors
for the privilege of being paroled, at a meet-
Ing- ot the said board, to be held at Folsom
cn the 28th day of December, 1901.
PETEIt DERGANC.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go Into . court.
Room ell. Examiner bldg.: phone Black 3604.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
Eealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13,. 220 Sansome St.,'
Ban Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, December 21. 1901. and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplier for the Vet-
erans' Home, Nttpa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Tountville), for six' months commencing
January 1, 1902, and ending June 30. 1902.
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submit ling bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders win
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is .
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid wltl a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
■will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address 3. 3. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 12. 820 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. • By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. J- J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
Tbe following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterdpy:
Walter G. Tompklns, 27, 15H Oak Grove
avenue, and Clara McKean, 17, 646 Folsom Et.
Henry W. Lundgren, 23, 329% Third street,
and Margareta Hyvarl, 26, 29 Clara street.
Dupont B. Lyon, 26, Sherman, Texas, and
Lizzie S. Fletcher, 26, Detroit, Mich.
Edward A. Donthlt, 27, Honolulu, and Edith
G. Alden, 23, city.
Alexander R. Anderson, 40. 272 Tehama
street, and Fanny 3. Madden, 60, 272 Tehama.
DanJe! F. Curley, 25, Oakland, and Annie M.
Schreiber, 22. San Diego.
Felice Cava, 25, 413 Union street, and .Maria
T. Lavaria, 23, 22 Lafayette place. -it ...
- Giuseppe Bertuccelli, 20, Termlnoua, and
Ro&aria Giorgi. 24. 907 Washington street. .
Lewis Walker. SO, 491 Fourth street, and
Tillie Wesendunk. 23, 1531 Dolores street .
William R. King, 23, Oakland, and Luz
Gcdge, 23. city. ...
• Matthew Bakulich. 27, 1128 Taylor street,
and Emma Spring, 19. BIS Jones street.
Hermann C. Koehler. 22, 22% Seventh street,
and Laurinda O. Baeseman,' 18, 22% Seventh.
Angelo P. Arata, 22, 513% Greenwich street,
and Mary Rovere, 19, 1214 Kearny street.
Robert B. Dallas, S3, 280 Seventh street, and
Kathryn K. - Dunnett. 24, 3180 Twenty-third st.
John G. Kirchen, 21, city, and FlorenceaL.
Morris. 18, city. x . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1901.
BIRTHS— MARBI&GES— DEATHS. |
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
EI^LINGWOOD— In this city, December 1,
1901,* to the wife of A. W. EUingwood, a
daughter.
, Iff rVREXED.
PIDWELL— CRAWFORD— In Berkeley. .De-
cember 11, 1901, at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. O. R. Weeks, 3040 Fulton street, by
the Rev. Frank S. Ford, Willard T. Pidwell
of Berkeley and Rena J. Crawford of San
Francisco. „
TOMLINSON— HART— At Trinity Church. San
Joce, December 7, 1001, by the Rev. C. H.
Mockridge, D.D., Thomas L.- Tomllnson of
San Francisco and Ella Hart of San Jose.
ULRICH — SVENSEN — In this city. December
12. 1901, at 643 Howard street, by the Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Anton Alois Ulrich
and Emma Svensen, both of San Francisco.
_____
Donaldson, Geo. W. Kunze, Gustave
Fay, Emelie Lennox, Mary
Fielding, Samuel M. Livingston, Mary A.
Finn. Mary McGrath. Patrick •
Godeau, Parfalt E. Mansfield, Myer
Graham. Mary Massie, John G. -
Green, Capt. Alonzo Pelle, Angelique
Green, Helen Pinkson, Henry I
Hancock. Josie A'. Radford. Ethelberdt
Hansen, Charles L. Raymond. Nellie.
Harris, William A. Righetti, Giovanna
Herron, Sarah Schutt. Louis
Holland, Ellen Seiferth, Gustave A.
Hudson, Elizabeth Shields, Roger
Keenan, Alexander Sullivan, Annie
Kelley. George W. .
DONALDSON — George W., beloved husband of
Fanny Donaldson, and father of 'John Thad-
dc-us, Geome Edward, William Charles, Jo-
seph Francis and M. Cecelia Donaldson. Mrs.
George Head, Mrs. J. G. Tlllman and Mrs.
J. W. Reeser. a native of Tamlaught
O'Crllly, County Derry. Ireland, aged 83
years and 9 days.
E7"Notice of iuneral hereafter.
FAY — In this city. December 10, 1901, Emelie
Fay, beloved sister of Mrs. Therese Barden-
hagen, George Fay and Mrs. Johanna Wil-
son, a native of Koenigsberg, Prussia, Ger-
many. (Minnesota papers please copy.)
EyFrlendB and acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her Bister. Mrs. Therese Bardenhagen, 1003
Noe street, corner Twenty-third. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FIELDING! — In the City and County Hospital,
December 11, 1901, Samuel M. Fleldius:, a
native of Ohio, aged 6S years.
FINN— In this city, December 12, 1901, Mary, !
beloved wife of the late John Finn, and
mother of Hannah, Jennie and Mary Finn
and Mrs. Lizzie McNamara, a native of Ire-
lend, aged 74 years. ,
GODEAU— In this city, December, 12, 1901.
Parfait Eugene, beloved husband . of Benita
" Godeau, father of Leontine Weber and Mar-
tha Godeau, brother of Ernestine Boutes,
Jcsephine Fos and Julius S. Godeau, and
son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. F. Angonnet, a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years 2
months and 3 days.
BtyRemains at his late residence, 512 Post
street. Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRAHAM— In San Rafael, December 12, 1901,
Mary, widow of the late John Graham, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 70 years.
I tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral services
I to-mcrrow (Saturday), at her late residence.
Mission street, thence to St. Raphael's
Church, where a requiem mass will be held
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock.
GREEN — In Alameda, December 11, 1901, Cap-
tain Alonzo, beloved husband of Laura E.
Green, and father of Mrs. L. W. Holt and
F. M and V. M. Green, a native of Mari-
etta, Ohio, aged 90 years 3 months and 25
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- to-day>
(Frioay), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Pioneer -
Hall, Fourth street, near Market. Interment
private.
GREEN — In this city, December 12, 1901,
I Helen, beloved -wife of Salomon Green,
mother*- of Mrs. Herman Lewis, J. Charles,
Hulda, GusBle and Annie Green, Leopold and
Abe Lincoln Green of Chicago, and sister of
Adolph Cohn, Yetta Gursky/ and Gussie
Aaron, ainative of Kempen, Germany, aged
58 years^J months and 16 days.
|C"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HANCOCK— In this city, December 11, 1901,
Josie A., beloved wife of Robert S. Hancock,
and mother of Robert, Amy, Walter Har-
rold. Chester and Leslie Hancock and the
late Eva Hancock, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 43 years 9 months and 15 days.
JE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 740 Harrison street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. . . - '
Hy IRIS — In this city. December 11. 1901,
William A. Harris, beloved brother of A. J.
and J. B. Harris and Mrs. L. L. Swartout
of Stockton and Mrs. C. A. Croghan of Eu-
reka, Humboldt County, a native of Michi-
gan, aged 52 years 4 months and 3 days.
(Stockton papers please copy.) -
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 94S Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HANSEN — In this city, December 11, 1901,
Charles L. Hansen. beloved brother of Mrs.
A. Noland. a native of Empire. City. Nev. .
A member of the Brotherhood of Teamsters.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the uarlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HERRON — A> solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose, of the soul of the
late Sarah Herron to-morrow (Saturday), at
Sacred Heart Church, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
Fpectfully Invited to attend.
HOLLAND— In this city, December 12, 1901,
Ellen, beloved wlte of John Holland, a na-
tive of Castletown Berehaven, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 61 years.
(C^Frlends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her .late
residence, 129 Duncan street, thence to St.
Paul s Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repess of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
HUDSON— In this city, December 12, 1901,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late M. C.
Hudson, and mother of Mrs. John B. Kelly,
a native of New York, aged 56 years.
(cb"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 4036 Twenty-fifth street. Inter-
. ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets.
KEENAN — In this city, December 11, 1901,
Alexander, beloved husband of Mary Kee-
nan, and father of James, Ellen, Dr. A. S.,
Mary, Peter, John, Annie and Catherine Kee-
nan and Mrs. J. M. Toner, a native of
County Antrim, Ireland, aged 71 years S
months and 15 -days.
CyKrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence! 107 Guerrero street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass ■will be celebrated for. the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clbck. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery- !
KELLEY— In this city, December 12, 1901.
George W., beloved husband of Salome E.
KelNy. father of Mrs. T. C. Leary, brother
of C. S., D. W. and H. E. Kelley, and
grandfather of Elmer R. Leary, a native of
New Hampshire, ajted 67 years 7 moi.tha
and 1 days.
ET" Notice of funeral hereafter.
KUNZE— In this city, December 12, 1901, Gus-
tave Kunze, beloved son of P. G. G. and
Maria Kunze, and brother of Annie and Tilly
Kunze, a native of San Francisco, aeed - S
days.
at Suhr & Co.'s undertaking
parlors, 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery to-morrow (Saturday), at 1 o'clock.
LENNOX — In this city, December 11, 1901,
Mary, beloved -wife of John Lennox, and de-
voted mother of the late Andrew Lennox
and Mrs. J. Fritz, Mrs. C. W. Stevens and
John Lennox Jr., a native of County. Done-
gal, Ireland, aged 57 years.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), from her late residence, 427 Bry-
ant street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where 'services will be celebrated at 12:30
o'clock for the repose of her soul. Inter*
I ment at Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LIVINGSTON — In Oakland, December 11. 1901,
Mary Anne, beloved sister of John Living-,
ston, a native of Sctitland.
• £7 Funeral and interment private. Friends
kindly omit flowerB.
McGRATH — In this city. December 11, 1901,
Patrick McGrath, beloved brother of Thomas
McGrath, Mrs. Thomas Grlffln of New York
and Michael McGrath of Frulta, Colo., a na-
tive of Doonbeg, County Clare, Ireland, aged
49 years. (New York and Colorado papers
please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend 'the funeral to-day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
* (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite -Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE M\& MARKET 8TRBET.
;■ ' ■ . J. HENDERSON, Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UiNDErtTAKKRS.
' Samuel McFadden,- 18 years manager . for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. . ■
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mlssfon street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANSFIELD— In this city, December '11, 1001.
Myer Mansfield, beloved father of Theo an1
Edgar Mansfield, Mrs. Louise Kuhn and
Mrs. S. L. Goldman, a native of Germany,
aged 75 yeai-3 2 months and 14 days. . ■<« -.-
t7" Funeral private. • ;■ ' , .
MASSIE — In this city, December 12, 1901,
John G. Massie, beloved ■ father of John A.
Massie (a member of the Order o( Railway
Conductors), a native of Scotland,, aged 58
years and 5 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December 15, at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1015 Linden street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
PELLE — In this city, December 11, 1901, An-
gelique, widow of the late Alexis Auguatln
Pelle, and beloved mother of Alexis and th?
late Jules Pelle and of 1 Mrs. P. Lapachet,
Mrs. J. B. Bellbes and Mrs. S. Goldspring,
a native of France, aged 82 years 4 months
and 25 days. (San Jose and Santa Rosa pa-
pers please copy.)
E5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-day
(Friday), .at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
• of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
11:30 o'clock. -
PINKSON— In this city, December li; 1901.
Henry Pinkson. beloved husband of Therese
Pinkson, and father of Isabelle, Leontine
and Leon Pinkson and Mrs. Joe Zinnaman
of Colusa, Cal., a native of JBreslau, Ger-
many, aged 71 years.
EC?Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1677 Post street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
RADFORD — In this city, December 12, 1901,
at her parents' residence, 2506 Folsom street,
Ethelberdt Vivian, beloved daughter of John
H. and Lillian I. Radford, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 2 months. -
ItlTFuneral private.
RAYMOND — A month's mind mass will be
. celebrated for the repose of the soul of Nellie
Raymond at St. Sebastian's Church, Pre-
sidio, at 8:30 o'clock to-morrow (Saturday).
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
RIGHETTI— In this city, December 10, 1901,
Giovanna, dearly beloved wife of Aquinlino
Righetti. and loving mother of , Perseo, Oli-
. vio, Virginia. Erina and Armando Righetti
and Mrs. . Ida Togmazzini, a native of Switz-
erland, aged 57 years 5 months and 10 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintanc s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1635 Golden Gate avenue, between
Devisadero and Scott streets. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
SCHUTT— In this city. December 12 1901
Louis Schutt, beloved son of Herman and
Adele Schutt, and - brother of . Herman and
. William H. Schutt, a native of California,
aged 2 years 2 months and 7 days.
SEIFERTH — In Mooretown, Butte - County
Cal., December 8,- 1901. Gustave Albin Sei-
ferth, a native of Germany, aged 38 years.
■ Iu7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlor3
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission' street;
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. •
SHIELDS— In this city. December 11, ■ 1001
Roger beloved husband of Catherine Shields'
a native of County Rosoommon, Ireland
aged 70 years 10 months and 2 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are resneet-
fully invited to attend the funeral toniay
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 30 Ritch street, thence to St. Pat
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
willbe celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . ■ • ■ .
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 12, 1901
Annie, beloved wife of Patrick Sullivan'
mother of Frank." Edward and Genevleve
Sullivan of San Francisco and Mrs. C Wil-
son of Indiana, daughter of Margaret and
. the late Jeremiah Sullivan, and sister of
?? re , mI f& John and William Sullivan and
M. C. Thrawl of Wadsworth, Nev.. a native
of Grass Valley. Cal., aged 37 years -
Cp"Reinalns at the parlors of l the Henry
J. Gallarher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. Notice of funeral hereafter.
FARMERS FEAR
RUINOUS FROST
Cold Weather Continues,
but Fruits Are. Not
Injured.
REDLANDS, . Dec. r 12.-Heavy white
frost appeared this morning and the low
est temperature during the past twenty
four hours .was 31. There was heavy dam
age done to citrus fruits.
SANTA ANA, Dec. 12.-Thls section ex
perienced-a light frost this morning. Re
ports show that the frost was general
throughout Orange County. No damage
was done to citrus fruits, though some
tender vegetables were badly nipped. The
coldest weather of the season prevails.
STOCKTON, Dec. 12.— The extremely
cold weather of the past few days is
hailed with delight by vineyardists and
orchardists as it will have the effect of
keeping back the buds and young shoots
which bid fair to. make their appearance
much too early to insure good crops. A
cold north wind Is blowing. \
SAN JOSE, Dec. 12.— For the past week
the weather has been unusually cold the
thermometer at night ranging from 34 to
o0 degrees above zero. ■ No damage has
been done and the effects in keeping the
buds back are beneficial rather than
otherwise. Last night the frost was
lighter than on the previous night.
SACRAMENTO, . Dec. 12.— The kiliint
frost which was scheduled for this place
last night by the United States Weather
Bureau did not materialize. The night'
was cold, but no damage was done to
flowers,' tender plants or citrus fruits Thu
extreme dryness of the atmosphere tend
ed to make conditions unfavorable for
frost. ■ • ,.-
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 12.— The ground
here this morning was .lightly covereO
with hall and the air was biting cold "Be
fore sunrise this morning and within hai*
an hour there was a slight precipitation
of snow, followed by hall and then a
misty, rain. Light vegetation will prob
ably suffer. Orange growers are warned
that smudging will be necessary to pro
tect crops. " .
LOS ANGELES, ' Dec. 12.-Frost was
general this morning in the lowlands of
this section. Thin ice formed in the vi
cinity of Los Angeles and the morning
■was cold and clear. . No damage is -as"
yet reported to citrus fruits. The Weather
Bureau predicts a killing frost to-n'ght
and continued cool weather. Orange grow
ers are warned that smudging will b'b
necessary. Light vegetation and 'vege
tables will probably suffer. : • ,
FRESNO, Dec. 12.— The most Severe and
continuous cold spell in a number of years
Is now visiting this county. There have
been •killing frosts for two nights ?nd
another i*. scheduled for to-night. There
is no question of damage having; been
done to young fruit stock and the only
point to be settled ia the amount.. Smudg
ing was resorted to in a few orchards,
but with what success remains to be seen.
Thin ice formed in many places 1 early
yesterday and to-day.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. " 12.— At 6 a. m. the
temperature in this city stood at 45 de
grees, which is the lowest it has reached
since last February. Last night's rain
fall amounted to .01 of an inch, and. from
.16 to .20 in the mountains. No frosts have
occurred in any locality where orange or
lemon trees are planted, as In this county
there is so. much land that is frosUtWs
that citrus' trees are not planted in the
places where , damage is done, by cold
weather. A keen wind continues to blow
from the ocean, but -there are no signs of
further rains. - >
JUMP FKOM THE TBATN
i: INJtTBES THE PRISONEB
M^n Wanted in Santa Barbara Ar
' rives After an Exciting Night •
. ' • Exjierience.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 12.— Constable
Hopkins arrived to-day with George Hay
ford, wanted here for obtaining money
by false .pretenses., Hopkins went to
Phoenix, Ariz., with extradition ~ papers
for the prisoner, whd was apprehended
there on information sent from this city.
. Three miles out of Blatedell, ■ a small
station fifteen miles east of Yuma,- Hay
ford, although. handcuffed,; made a dash
and jumped from the rear of the train,
which was going at the rate of forty-five
miles an hour. At Yuma Hopkins got the
assistance of the Sheriff and two trailers
and went, after Hayford, whom-they^re
captured after- an eighteen hours' chase
on the desert. -Hayford was badly bruised
from his midnight Jump from the train.
When seen at the Jail thi3 morning he
was very bitter against those who cause<l
hla arrest and , claims .to have proofs to
establish his Innocence. ■ ■ . -
WOULD PRESERVE
STATE'S FORESTS
California Association to
Meet in Annual
Convention.
Will Ask President Roosevelt
. to Visit the Paci flc *
Coast. .
Tlje annual meeting of the California
"Water and Forest Association' will be
held in the Maple Room of the Palace
Hotel on December 20, 1901, commencing
at 10 a. m. The programme of the con
vention go far as determined Includes the
reports of officers, election of officers and
other business connected with the affairs
Of the association. In the evening there
will be a public meeting for the purpose
of hearing addresses on subjects of in
terest to the members of the association,
as follows: Professor J. M. Wilson on
"Results of Irrigation Investigation," il
lustrated by lantern slides; S. E. Kiefer
on "Extent of the Destruction of Our
Forests and the Remedies Therefor."
Other addresses to.be hereafter deter
mined upon will be delivered. Discussion
will be invited on any of the subjects pre
sented.
The following resolutions will be consid
ered at the meeting:
Requestins President Roosevelt to visit the
State of California.
Regarding the policy of leasing the public
lands In the arid and semi-arid States and
Territories west of the Missouri River in large
quantities for cattle ranges and the effect of
such policy upon the irrigation of the irrigable
lands in that region and upon the ultimate
settlement and development of the country. •
Favoring federal supervision of -.a. true for
estry, policy relatlne to both Government and
private lands in the State of California.
Leading to a consideration ' of the expedi
ency of appealing to State- legislation in the in
terest of the preservation of the forested areas
of California by the application of > scientific
principles to the removal of ripened timber and
the preservation of growing timber.
Reiterating the necessity of an increase in
the forest reservations of the Stat», especially
at the headwaters, of our principal streams.
"The report of the United States Irriga
tion Commission will be considered and
resolutions relating thereto will be
adopted: • .-;.-. -
Reiterating the advisability of an appropria
tion by the State to be expended In collabo
ration with the United States Geological Sur
vey and irrigation, investisrations of the De
partment of Agriculture.
The following named, are officers of the
association:
William Thomas, president; N. P. Chipman
J. Ross Clark,' L. A; Nares, vice presidents;
F. W. Dohrmann, treasurer; T. C. Frledlander,
secretary. ' -
Advisory council — William Thomas,' San
Francisco; F. W. Dohrmann, San Francisco;
T. C. Friedlander, San Francisco; N. P. Chip
man. Red Bluff; J. Ross Clark, Les Angeles;
L. A. Nares, Fresno; Arthur R.^Briggs, Fres
no; Hon. W. H. Beatty, San Francisco; Frank
J. Symmes, San Francisco: E. B. Willis Sac
ramento; Timothy Hopkins, San Francisco;
William H. Mills, San Francisco; A. J. Pills
bury. Tulare; Hon. John D. Works.. Los An
geles; Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Berkeley; Ra
leigh Barcar, Vacaville; W. E. Smythe. Stan
dish; Thomas J. Field, Monterey; C. M. ' Bel
shaw, Antioch; Fred Eaton, Los Angeles; E.
F. Adams. Wrights; W. S. Green, Colusa; C.
W. Thomas, Woodland; C. D. Marx. Palo Alto;
Frank Soule, Berkeley; W. S. Melllck, Pasa
dena.
NOTICE TO PATRONS.
Owing 1 to the large size of Tiic
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15," and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any.
description will* her" accepted for- pub
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. mJ Saturday. The . .'Christmas
Call will be the largest, .finest 'and
most elaborately • illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your, Eastern friend?.,
Beady for mailing 5 cents-per copy. .1
FINDS HER RELATIVE < , f
' IS A FAMOUS SINGEB
Cousin of Nordica in Stockton May
• Have a Share ! of the
Millions.
STOCKTON, Dec. 12..— Mrs. B. M. Mar
iner, a dressmaker of. this city, is one of
the heirs of the estate of Ichabod Norton,
the story of which was published in The
Call to-day.* Mme. Nordica's name off the
stage is Lillian. Norton, and Mrs. Mariner
of this city is her third coualn. Ichabod
Norton was Mrs. Mariner's mother's un
cle, hence Mrs. Mariner is really a closer
blood relative of the deceased Ichabod
than is her distinguished third cousin.
Some time ago, Mrs. Mariner wrote." to
Mme. Nordica -asking her if she- was not
Lillian Norton' and if she was not a third
cousin of the writer. The singer replied
that she and ■ the Stockton lady were
blood relatives. J Mrs. Mariner - intends
making a personal visit to her sweet
voiced relative when Mme.- Nordica comes
to San Francisco in February.
Sewer Contract Is Transferred.
VISALIA, Dec. 12.— At a special meet
ing of the City Trustees to-day the trans-;
fer of the contract. for constructing the
Visalia sewer was made. Trewhitt '&
Martin were the original contractors, but
they could not make satisfactory prog
ress. H: H. Griffith of. Stockton is the
contractor who now assumes the respon
sibility of constructing the big sewer. It
will cost $58,600.
Ill-Xiuck Attends a Marine.
VALLEJO. Dec. 12.-Private Kellsher of
the United States Marine Corps stationed
at Mare Island would have completed his
five years' term of enlistment to-day and
received hia pay and an honorable dis
charge. At 3 o'clock this morning lie was
drowned while trying to' cross the river
in a small skiff, accompanied by Ser
geants Custer andKruger. •
HOTELS ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
J Buck. Montana Vf W Mason Orovllle
DrJF Stuckey, Cal Mrs F Blackle Salinas
Capt ' McCulloch, Cal Mrs W Mullis, Salinas
H E Skinner, Alameda J A Bohn Minn
C M Marten, 8 Rafael C.B Welsh, Lodi
8 Dowsan & w. Iowa B F Gill lam Cal
M Thomas & w, Rivid B F Hall, Palo Alto
R J Doyle. .' L.Ang • F-D Valdez,. Cal ■ ■
Mrs J C Norton, Redng S Grand!, Pt Reyes
G E Rammel, GeysrvllE H Boscher & w Cal
G H Whltworth ■ Cal . O H LaBerge Chicago
L G Manor, WilliamaiJ H Hewitt, Chicago
Rev R E McKnight &;S Goodwin Quincy
f. Wash - iC E Smith, Boston
M H Tracy & c. Hllo G Anderson, . Brooklyn
T R Jenken, Iowa ■ Miss H Cole, Fresno
Mrs J AV Billings, Cal C E Phillips & w,- Ia
Ella Tops, Cal L E Biisser. L Ang
J G Vest & w, Alaska p R Davis 4 w, Phila
Mrs J Kerrnem, "Bodle S C Page. S Rosa
Richard Phelan, Cal W A Walker. Biggs
J M Anderspn; Sacto A C Shaw, Raymond
T V Corcoran, Sulsun C G L, Masters, Cal
T C Jones. L Gatos J K Hamilton & w Or
W Sims. Winters G H Cardel & w "Or
H H Smith, NY Mrs W. L Mills, Mass
A Grove. Phlla Miss* G G Connor. Mass
W E .Johnston. Wash Miss 8 Jamison. Cal
P H Noonan, S Rosa J B Fallman. Oakland
L B Howard, . Minn - • Mrs E McElroy. Sean
W L Clark,, Chicago M H Stewart. Seattle
E L Coakly. Chicago M Lowe. Gilroy •
,J H Nichols, Chicago; J M Jones, Colusa"
C J Sexton, Chicago T Gratton, . Redding
J Billmlr, Indiana . • . - .
NEW WESTERN : HOTEL. .:
N Hadden. Pa A Peterson, Seattle
H J Lineman, Pa, D Fraser, Ontario-
J Russell, Mont Mrs - U- - E • Breding,
L Mello, Stana Rosa . Seattle.- -, :
J E Mullen,' San -Diego Mrs M Klock, S Rosa
D F Hammell, Eureka J McCarty, Seattle
Al Green, Eureka D Dawson, Wls
F Norwood, ■ Nev ... C Dean & w, Iowa., .
A H Bernsch, Nev N M Anderson, Benlcia
II Dennlson, Seattle A R Moulton, Alaska
G Peterson, Seattle • -^
Builders' Contracts.'
Hirschfelder & Meaney (owners) with Rob
ert Grieg (contractor), architect Clinton Day —
Brick and carpenter work for factory building
on NE corner of Twentieth and Florida streets,
N 125 by E 90; ?10,387. : , .
Carrie B..Wirtz. (owner) with Val Frans
(contractor),- architect W. O. -Banks— All work
for - a— three-story ' frame and . rough basement
building, on S line -of Geary street, 112:0 -W
or Leavenworth, AV 24:9, by S 137:6; ?13,8S5.
ADVTSRTISE3EENTS.
Beauty's Blood Deep
' How untrue the oldadage "Beauty's Skin Deep." How many women of beauti-
ful features marred by impure blood try in vain to get a pure complexion by doctor- •
ing the skin. The quickest, surest, only way to beauty is to cleanse the blood.
nHiTTiin' "I have been taking Casearets for pimples and
haTe been greatly benefited."
i ' • —Alias Gertrude Grant. Cambndga. Mass.
' "I am- very well pleased with Cascarota. They ar«
_^(^&m ° e ° r — iflss'catherins C. Coffman, S. Enslish. Iv
"Casearets will clear the complexion of boils.
\&$iJ$P^^--±J&' — u-J** <^ a^v!$SigiSJt& "Cascarets have done a grsat deal of good for ma .
WCafy.^cga^p^'^ /S* -t_ ASaKfiSSH&B and for all onr family." ■ ■ • " .
*^*?\ Vv'&Sxfff'IsSF ' —Miss Florence Cook, Webster City. Ia»
«a =^5< : 4g5?X'k vMVv>**ag|J^ "I must add my testimonial to your valuable
I^fe5^*?i^23»* cr O^^te=»!* ; lsS>*;£>ll medicine CaacareW for stomach trouble."
*S&/}i¥^2y' >-*" - "mT!« -! €3i 3 ~ Irene Ackerman (famous slnssr),
~^$lfflr\ * m^K$^*£s!M 20 V7esl Fifteen " 1 Street. New Tori.
-JtotfJ >ssa &^k. S^SS^i? "I was suffering with sick headaches a grsat deal, bui .
/jSSs^K Cf • Stf. lISSaSt'M^N after taking a box of Canearets. am entirely cur»d."
V/^T^si " MvsFxEf^ —Miss Clara Stimmel, 829 So. Sandcsky St., Delaware, O.
!\ >g fe> Wtt& "Cascarets did me a world of good. My liver was in bad.
\^-t. ..31 . *2^J SSSf - condition for some time and one box cured me.
=5^ M&r' " — AIis» Mabel AUea, Clare, illchigan.
U®^I2\V5A -» J^^V* "I hare taken Cascarets for my complexion and find
re>"?L^\\ . X «., „ St£& they are very pleasant to take and have benefited m«
M^T-^j\ B^^^ I t^ ' "wonderfully/— Miss Eliza V. Hunter, Palatka. Florida.
\>>^2<t».^ «2w^ V "My wife had pimples on her face. Sh« took Cascareta
\jr j^£*"^^\*r5? and tho pimples all disappeared. "Wa cannot speak too •
x *1 jT^^ ""'l^^" 1^ • *- "~ Pred Waitman. K08 Germantorwn Are.. Phlla.. Pa.
1 -^rr ■ /*■ "When I commenced taking Cascarets. I was very weak .
V ' jC- // £ ■ awl nervous an<» had a -rery offensive breath. It la now
\ N. I/ I ' i five- months since I quit,' taking Cascarets and all thos«
>v 1 U - . - . / . . awful spoils have disappeared. ■ - • ' •
1 f ;■■ * ■ ■ — iliss Annie Dunjan, Burchard, tad.
How many,- many young women are anaemic, pale, sickly-looking, perhaps
with pimples on face and neck, owing to poor, unhealthy blood. Perhaps wo- ;
manhood is approaching, that serious time of life when irregularities are liabla.
to break down a constitution. The first rule for purifying and enriching the.
i blood is to keep the bowels free and natural, gently but positively, without ner-
vous shock, and Cascarets Candy Catnartic is the only medicine to do it.
/J^ _ -. -». Best for the Bowels. An druggists, ioc, 45c, 50c. Never sold to bullu"
flGLStCjOlJi^jy^ The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
VT^lT^^T-ii-P* money back. Sample and booklet free. Address '■■■..
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. . CB
FIRE DAMAGES
SHIRT FACTORY
Neustadter Bros/ Estab
,* lishment Visited by
F.iames.
Fire broke out In the Standard Shirt
Factory at Gough and Grove streets last
night and for a time It threatened to de
stroy the entire building with .Its Con
tents.
Shortly after 9 o'clock John Carroll, the
watchman, "while standing . on the top
floor of the factory, discovered smoke is
suing from, the ventilator shaft. Running
down stairs he turned in an alarm from
the auxiliary box, which is situated . in
the building. A' few minutes later Police
Officer Bert Wren, seeing smoke issuing
from the root of the factory, sent in an
alarm from box 82, at Fulton and Gough
streets.
When the fire department reached the
scene'the interior of the factory was a
mass of flames. Several streams weYe
rapidly turned on and in a short time the
flre was extinguished. The* loss is esti
mated at about $2000, confined principally
to the drying room.
How the fire originated is a mystery to
Neustadter Bros., owners of the factory.
THIEVES RTJN AWAY
WITH HIS WABEHOUSE
Dr. Laine Discovers That Property
He Owned Near Sacramento
- Has Vanished. . ,
SACRAMENTO, Dec. • 12.-Dr. J. R.
Lairie of. San -Francisco, former secre
tary of the State Board of Health, is here
looking after property - interests . In this
locality. Dr. Laine owned a warehouse
40 by SO feet in dimensions in Washing
ton, across the river, which he rented to
the Standard Oil Company. It was re
cently vacated and Dr. Laine directed a
prominent local firm of contractors to
take it down and stack up the material.
• When Dr. Laine visited the spot to-day
he found all vestige of the building gone.
Even the tin sheeting of the roof and the
platform in front of the building had been
stolen, while the ponderous joists and all
the office furnishings "had likewise van
ished. He has offered a reward for the
thief who stole his warehouse.
Your Name in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name in
gold letters on Pocket Books, Letter and
Card Cases. Bill Books, Cigar Cases,
Traveling Rolls, Cameras, and all fine
leather goods purchased at our store. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ■•
.' .•■.:- RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa F v e
'Trains-Daiiy./ :
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
/ -. : - Daily Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 » 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:1* a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•' Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:0a p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p »:27 p S:05 *.
>•• Vlsalla.... 3:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:4J a
" Kan City. 2:40 a 7:30 a
'" Chicago. .-. ?:15 P 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:C0 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palmes Sleeping Cars and
. Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local nrst-clasa. passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
! 4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:rt
•p. m. dally. •
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Ch»:r Car* to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
- 7:20* a. m.*.'i» Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln* Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
OTnees— €41 Market Btreet and In , Feirr
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. •-• ; :_
HOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• - Via Sou«allb» F*rry. : '"
■ ■■'■' Commencing September 2s». 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO M1L1* VAXLEY
.*, -. . AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, S:30. "SiMl, 11:00 a. m..
n-4S-3:lS. 4:15. 6:15, »C:15. 6MS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
nnfael on Mondays, Wednesdays- and Satur-
davs at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00. '10:00. '11:30 a. m., iiiS.
s-15 »4:45. 6:S0. 9:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FKOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-'5:23 «:27. .7:45, 8:35. io&
• m '12:25. 2:15, *3:3I, 4:4D, »:30 p. m. • .; -.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
- .nd Saturdays at 6:4i and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS^-6:15. •S:00. .'10:00. '11:45 a. m..
•1:4.0 =•»!». 4M5. *«:30 p. m. . ; — ..*
' Trains marked <•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DAYS-5M5. CMS. 7:55. 1:55, 10:30 a . nT.
12-85 2:45. 3:60, ,6:10 p. m. . . ■ ..
EXTHA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 7:10 and 18:35 p. m. ...
• SUNDAYS-S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, l.li, j.jj
s-fio 6:45 P. m.
■■'■' THROUGH ' TRAINS
6:55 a. . m. week. days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ■ ■ ■ -
■ 1:45 p. tn.' Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ~ e ---.'.
8:00 e. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
I Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ' v-'-A - -.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
■ ■ Leave . Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St.; Fran.
Week Sun- »^.4.ts, _ „.,„«.,_—. Sun- Week"
.te jdavjL Pays.
8-30 a. 8:00a. totrt VM 1.00 p. Wo a. ;
1:45 p. 10:00a: 5;^ llif , nti .«^V*« *00 ?. 0:40 rJ
4:15 p. 11:30 a. , - ' »„„■«_. .j. \Sb r. 5^5 p.
Tm. Sis rrratva la Soomtt «a« ttatnr*. «1 .»«.
. Edict OScct Oil JURSZT BIXEET ui SACiAUIO XSS3.T.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC^
Trmlaa l««tV* «n.« »r« da* to nrrl v* •%» • "'
- WAN rKANCINiO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Staeei) .' ■ ,
lkatx — From Dccexbks 6. 1901. . — . aksiti
7:OOa Ben!ci*. Sulsun, Elmir* and Sacra-
mento ~8:3.1p
7xOOa Vacaiille, Wlcten,'Rumwr... ?:33p
7 :3u a Martinez, Sau ltimoa. Vallejo, Nspa,
C»li8tng»aiuia»ut» Uo«* SiSSp
S:OUa D»tu. WoodlanJ. Knignta Landiutf.
MarjSTille, Orotille 7iS3r
" 8:00* A tlantic Kxpiess— Ogdeu and East »:25 * *
8«O»a Niles. Lathrop, Stockton...........; ~:23p
SiOOa Niles. Mendota. Hanfurd. YlsaUa, ,
Porterrille 4<99»
i S:3U A Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (far
. . ' Bartlett Springs;. Willows, Sed - - '
Bluff, Portland. 7«33f
• i!H»* San Jose, Li? ermore, Stockton,
- lone, .Sacramento. Plaeertllle.
Miirja»i!le. Chico, Ued HlulT 4:25p
S:3»a Oakdale, Chinese. Sonora, Tuohunna -»:2."Sp
»:Of»* HaywarJ, Nlltland WayStaUous.r ll:»»\
»««OA Vallejo la:23F
UiVOaLos Angeles Express — Martinet, . . *•'
Tncj. Latlirop, M cock ton, Mtroed •" -' -
• Fresno and Los Angeles . ..... 7:35.4.
9:SO* Vallxln. Martliira an.l War Stations 7:.15r
I OsUU-a The Overlain! Limited— Ogden. Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago. ...-. , itiSSv
fl:OOp Sacramento IMier 8t«»uieri ..... f!l:OOr
3:U0p Uenieia, Winters. flaoramento, .
Wutxlland. Kni«liU Landlul.
Maryimllx. Orn»iil«.. ... ..:... -I»s53a - •-
8s30r ITayward. Nilesand Way Stations.. 7:33 p
4tU»r Murtinttz, >Sai> Haiuou, Vallejo, .
Narxk. (/'alistnga. .SrtnU llola «:»."$?
4«00p NHes, Litermore, Stockton, Lodl... 12.t3p.
-i:«<»pHayward. NHen,»au Joie, LiTrrmoro t^:3»A
4:3upTIw Onl Limited — Fraano. Tultura.
n*keriflalil, Hangiis for Santa Bar-
bara. IjOS ADRelos SiSSa -
SiOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 10:23a .
8:OOpMa n«z. Antioch, Stockton, Me*- ■-.'
ced. Fresno 19:23»
«:««p Haywaid, Nile* and Han Jo»e 7:55a
f«:OOr Vallejo I1jS5\ .
HiOUp Oriental Mall— Ogden, BeuTer.
Omaha. St Louis. Chicago. 4i23a
<:«0p Oregon ami California ICxi>rt.B«,M»o- . * ■•
riiiii«nti>. IMmymillt. ItsiMlnc. ' -. -
roitliiii.t, Png»t floumt ami Kant 8:33*
liUSr San Pablo. P»re Coate. Marlines -
ami Way stations 11iS5a
lg;05p Valirjo 7»a3r
COAST . LIKE (Narrow Wanpie). .
(Foot utM:itkut Street.) ___;
MsISa Newark. CViiter.llle.Man.losn.P'Blton. ■'
UouMerOiuek.8aut«. Crux and Way - '-. \
■ ••■! Staklum. .'....-. :.../ »»»•»-.
ta«ll»p NewiMk, C«nl«nlll«. Ban Jote, Ktnr - .. j -;,^
■. -— •-- Aloiailan. fnUoir. ItnuUlsr fc'reak, - '?' — ■»
■' ' Santa Cn» and 1'rUioipal Wai - •..
- Stations !••»•*
■t-.titr Newark. H,n» .lout. Um Gatos t«=S»»
a9.30F Hunters' Train- SanJote and Way J .
autloos '.. t7«*O>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS F3ASCrsC0— fool of Mirket Strset (Slip 8)— '-'-* -i-f-
f/:I6 0:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:30 5:15r.M.
frtmOHUHB— r»»l «r BrM«w«j.— r«:0O J«.0O 13:05 :
10:00a.m. 12:03.2.03 «:C8r.B.
COAST L.INE (Broait «auge). .
_ (Ihlr.l »i.d Townseml Sta.) ' . - ."
. O:K»a ban Jcte and 'Way .stations. «7ThTI
7:0(>\ San Joneaml \T»» SUtltuM t SsOft ?
/":«»»* N«w Aluaden /-i:I0? :
8:00a Coast Line limited — Pan Jose, ' . . ". .. -
Gilrcy. Salinas, San Luis Obispo.
■ ' Santa Barbara. I^n ADgelea and
principal intermediate stations.... lO:-»3»
BiOOaHku .lose. Tres I'inos. Miwu Vtnr., x -
1'avinc <lro»r, Salinas, dan Luis
Ob!sp»»>i<l Principal iuteraodiata
.Stnti,.ns .."... 4sl<rp .
1O::iOa San Jose and Way Stations., .'.. «:Ma
Il::t-)A NaiiJiuiinml Wax .Station* , .>- 9:10A
12:l5p Sair Itlatrp, Kejlwoo«l,"Menlo Park, •;*.-.■ ~~
l'nfo Alto, ."ante Clara, San floro, • . "•
... Tie* PioM, rtanu Cnw, Salinas.
- Monterey and ViteiCe (.'ro»K flf»:43A . '
3;»»r Han Jowam! Way Htatlona.. HMf
« . ) 1:1 .%i- San .Iosk »im1 I'Tli.ctTial Way Mtatlona SiSO*
-liAOr Snnset limited — Mondays. Wednrn- . .
days, Friday, tot Lo« Anjelea, ET '
Pmo New Ur'.eaEs and JTevr York. . ■ V-"'
", ' ArriTes Sundays. Tuesdays' and '■'
Thursdays...;...,.. I«il3« ..■
f.'irOOp 3»n ,(<)k«-. f,ca Gatos and Principal
•Way Station* : . : 1»:ll«i
3:3Or SaiLlose an<l I'rincinal Way Stations 8:Ht>F
Btltnp Jian. lose ami Way Stations 7:30^
7:0«r New Orleans Exprens — San Lujs , .' \ a
Ohidpo. Santa f«a rhar*, ' Los" An- ' . ,
Seles. Dminj. El Pmo, Ne«fOr-
leans and E*ss „ ?>3OA.
«ll;45r Han Jimgnnil War Stations Yaaoy :
A for Mnrniiiat Pfor Aftarnooh. ' •
t.Him.-lar cxcnntadL 1 Sunday enh/. i '
aSatuniay unly.. /Tuesdays aud yridmjfc. -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES ; ■- ■ ;. ;
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. "
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market Sti <
Kan Fnanchwo to San Rafael. •■ •■■
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:J3 -
1:30. 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trl9
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at 1:5*
and 11:30 p. tn. : • - • . ■ -• ■
SUNDAYS— 8:00, t:30; U:M a. m.; I.K, *:M. .
• :00, 1:20 p. m. • . . lv''.:\
Ssan Rafael to San Francisco. . ■'' :
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. ?:S0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13: si,
1:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at \:ii
and C35 p. tn. : " . ..-■'• •-.-,'
6UNDATS-8:10. t:4O. 11:10 a. m.; 1:«, *:«,
<:06, 6:25 'p. m. ' ' ' ' , . -
-. Leav* I In Kffect 'I - ArriT»
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 Ban Francisco. • •
. Week I Eun- I I Sun-" I W««k !
Daya. | days. | Destination. \ days. | Days.:.
■7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:0 airi 8:i0aia
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. . 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm »:20 pm
.. • Fulton.
7:10 am Windsor. 10:25 ant -'
; 1:60 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am ; . .-
Lytton, ; »'.
Oeyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:33 pin 6:29 pm
7:30 am 6:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am -
*:JO pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm (:20 pm
7:10 am ' W:H am 10:25 am
« 1:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm --
«:30pm t:0Opm ' " - t:2fl pa -
7:30 am 8:00 am - Sonoma 9:15 am *:« am .-
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:03 pm C:20 pnt * '
7:30 ami 8:00 ami : . 110 : 40 am 110: » am
8:30 pm| 5:C0 pm[ Sebartopol. \ 7:35 pm|. t:30 pm
Stages connect at Santa- Rosa for Mark West ■ '
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at lortton lor Lytton Springs; at
GeyservUla for Skacg» Bprlngs; at Cloverdal*
tor the Geyiers; at» Kopland far DJncan
Sprinea. Highland Bprlngs, Kelaeyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlngs. Upper kake. Fomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley., Bucknell'*,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Wlllits, LaytonTllle^_Cummlna.
Beirs 'Springs. Harris.; Olsen'3. Dy*r. Scotl*
and Eureka. ■ ' - .- , • .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • -. - ■■ ■ •• - - • ••
On Sundays round-trip tickets . to all points :
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■
Ticket office. (30 Markat street, . Chronicle
* U H. d c5'WHlTrNO. • R. X.RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
y^^X Dr. Gibbon^s Dispensary,
' £La,terb^a 629 HEAC5TST. Established ■
JPl^r^K^sin » A3J for tbe treatment- of J'rlvitta
E&Lk^Si* OlMMes. Ln*t Mantiood. Debility or
i KHnK?^? tdi»rn8<» wearingon body and mind and
*S?5^ii^» Skii>Dlspnscs. The Doctor ciwenwUen
s5w«P iJ »lfi&5 others rail. Try him. Charges low,
y>fopfffiffify^«-rir^« <rBnrant»fd. Callorwrtt%
; liir. JF. JT. «HS2OJ«. aaa rrandacoi Cat • -" * -. >:
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
:-m-m ■i"2--i-i--i-i--i--i"i"i-:-i- 1 r h-m-m- -h-h-m ii-i m-i-^ ■:■■! ■m-k-i-k-m-
CUT RATES FOR
Notwithstanding it has been the custom of advancing
rates at this season, we, in order to distribute quantities, will
give our customers the benefit of CUT RATES.
2oo STYLISH RAGLANS and M COATS, made of
standard quality Kersey and Oxford Cloth, with new yoke
/back, double Capes or tailor strapped. Cut rates $1 0.00,
$12.50, $15.00, $17.50. Regular prices $12.50, $15.00,
$20:00, $22.50.
' • 25 HIGH NOVELTY PEAU DE SOIE and TAF-
FETA RAGLANS and NEWMARKETS, elegantly trim-
med. Cut Rates $37.50, $40.00, $45.00. Were $50.00,
$57-50. $65.00.
150 TAILOR SUITS, newest style Eton, New Blouse
and Walking Suits, well made, perfect fitting. Cut Rates
$10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00. Were $12.50, $15.00,
$20.00, $25.00.
300 MISSES' and CHILDREN'S RAGLANS and
BOX COATS, very latest style. Cut Rates $4.00, $6.50,
$7.50, $8.50, $1 0.00. Regular Price $6.00, $8.00. $10.00,
$12.00, $15.00. • i
200 FUR CAPES, Electric Seal and River Mink. Cut
Rates $7.50, $10.00, $12.50, $15.00. Were $10.00,
$15.00, $17-50, $22.50.
250 FEATHER BOAS, Black, Natural and Gray, at
CUT RATE PRICES. . *
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
TRIES TO HIDE
BIG REVOLVER
Supposd Slayer of Wong
Get Is Arrested by
Detective.
Jung Fook, alias Quang Sow, one of the
notorious gun fighters of the Ping Kong
Tong, was arrested yesterday by Detec
tive XZd Gibson on suspicion of being the
murderer of Wong Get, who was shot and
killed on Commercial street, above Kear
ny, several day? ago. Although the pris
oner denies bis guilt. Gibson is satisfied
that he is the right man.
Since the killing Fook has been in hid
ing. Yesterday afternoon he ventured out
and was' espied by Gibson, who was walk
ing along Clay street, near Dupont. As
Eoon slB lie caught Eig-ht of the detective
Fook ran into a store and attempted to
hide a 45-callber Colt's pistol which wa3
concealed in his blouse. Gibson grabbed
him as he was In the act of placing the
revolver under a pile of overalls. Fook
etarted to show fight, but was soon over
powered and taken to the City Prison,
where his name was registered on the
Eirall book. Efforts will be made to-day
to have him identified by the several
■white men who witnessed the shooting of
Wonjf Get.
An Inviting Excursion.
"Will be the special Christmas trip to City
of Mexico *>y Southern Pacific and Mexi -
can Central Railways — to leave Ban Fran
cisco December 18. The Mexican Christ
mas celebrations are novel and entertain
ing and possess the -warmth and coloring
peculiar to the Spanish-Aztec race. Many
brilliant ceremonies attend the season,
both civic and religious, lasting several
days— end nights. The bookings are al
ready bo numerous that those who intend
to Join must make early registration. The
capacity of train is limited.
Ghets Her Child Back.
Through the efforts or Captain Seymour,
Mrs. John Connolly of 727 Capp street had
her child returned, to her yesterday. Her
husband had taken the child away from
her Monday and had left it with Mrs.
Lally. 308 Jessie street. Connolly told Mrs.
Lally he intended going to the country to
seek work.
ft Hlislctll -/e
>fcW/ SUP
Above everything else musical in-
struments intended for Christmas gifts
must be of good quality and reliable
in every way In order to serve their
purpose properly.
Quality Is Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
■watchword. That quality Is consid-
ered above everything: else is apparent
to any one who Is familiar with the
reliable musical Instruments carried
by Sherman. Clay & Co. Below are
mentioned some valuable and timely
PUggestions for Christmas gifts to
people musically Inclined:
Stelnway Pianos, Angelus Piano-
Player, Regina Music Boxes. Stewart
& Bauer Banjos, Mandolins and Gui-
tars, Victor Talking Machines, Band
Instruments of famous makers. Vio-
lins Zithers and Harps of different
klndn. Instrument Cases. Music Rolls
Stands and Cabinets. Piano Covers,
handsome volumes of the works of the
most famous composers.
Sherman. Clay & Co. give their per-
sonal guarantee that every article Is
first class. Anything purchased will
be reserved and delivered when or-
dered. Exchanges made after Christ-
mas If desired.
A visit to Sherman, Clay & Co.'e
salesrooms insures ease, comfort and
satisfaction when purchasing your
Christmas presents.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stcinway Piano Dealers
Cor. Kearny and Butter Bts.. S. F.
Cor. ISth and Broadway. Oakland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
BANKS MUST PAY
TAX ON PROFITS
Internal Revenue Office
Piles Important
Ruling, i
J. W. Yerkes, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, has rendered a decision that
will affect the banks of the Pacific Coast
to the extent of several million dollars,
which they will be required .to pay as in
ternal revenue tax on undivided profits.
In February, 1899, the United States At
torney General held that undivided profits
differ from surplus and should not be
taxed. Under this opinion the Treasuiy
Department refunded a large amount to
the banks.
Commissioner J. "W. Yerkes has Just
notified Collector Lynch that the depart
ment has decided to again collect the
tax on undivided profits. To some banks
this change In ruling will make a differ
ence of thousands of dollars each year.
The full decision is as follows:
The act of June 13, 1888. and the act of
March 2, 1801, provide that bankers using: or
employing a capital not exceeding $25,000 Bhall
pay $50; when using or employing a capital
exceeding $25,000, for every additional |1000
in excess of $25,000, $2; and in estimating: cap
ital surplus shall be included.
The law defines a banker and describes the
business of banking:. The law provides that
bankers shall pay tax on the capital employed
(I. e., employed in the business of banking),
ar.d that In estimating: capital surplus shall be
included.
This office holds that capital Is taxable
whether invested, as In the case of the United
States bonds or the bank building, or circulat
ing, as in the case of money. Including money
borrowed, also surplus including undividea
profits.
In providing that surplus shall be included as
capital it is obviously the purpose of the law
to have the tax imposed apply to all money
used or employed by banks as capital in carry
ing on their business.
Money borrowed by banks, and used as cap
ital. Is held to be taxable and It is clearly no
lees liable to tax because of the fact that it is
borrowed by a bank from its own undivided
profits.
The fact that surplus so used consists wholly
or in part of undivided profits, or that such
undivided profits have or have not been form
ally set ax>art for such use. seems wholly Im
material so far as the purpose of the act is
concerned. It is the use and not the authority
to use that brings such profits within the tax-
Ing- provisions of this act.
Banks should, therefore, return for taxation
the capital, the surplus fund, ' their undivided
profits or other profit and loss account, except
bo much thereof, as may be actually necessary
and has been set apart to meet ascertained lla
abillties and losses, or to pay dividends act
ually declared by the directors of the bank, to
pay taxes, or to pay fixed annual charges, such
as salaries and other necessary annual ex
penses.
The opinion of this office is that "capital and
surplus" Include all funds employed by the
bank in the business of banking, and that nat
urally and In the ordinary course of banking
business are so employed, excluding: only such
funds which, though temporarily used by the
bank, are of necessity withdrawn from the
banking business through the payments of divi
dends, taxes, ascertained losses or fixed charges
of whatever character.
Any decision of this office at variance with
the above la hereby rescinded.
I. W. Hellman Jr. in discussing the de
cision last evening eaid:
Last year the Commissioner of Internal Rev
enue decided that the banks need only pay
taxes on their capital and as much of their
eurplus as waa made necessary by the law.
Tfcat beyond that point they would not have to
pay national bank taxes. This decision pro
vides that not only will they have to pay
taxes on their" capital and their entire surplus,
but also on their entire undivided profits— that
Is, on all their profits that have not been di
vided among: their stockholders.
It will make a great difference to many
banks, because it has become customary among:
larjrer institutions to retain their surplus
profits In a fund known as undivided profits.
In a great many cases I the undivided profits
of the banks are as large as the combined cap
ital and surplus.
This decision will affect every bank on this
coast to the extent of $15,000 to $20,000 a year.
The Best Fountain Fens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens"— $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall "
the best $1 Fountain Pen in the world
Sanborn^Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
Salt Water System for Fires.
Fire Commissioner Hecht . transmitted
to the Supervisors' Fire Committee yes
terday the report of ex-Chief Engineer
Bonner of the New York Fire Department
regarding tbe value of auxiliary salt
water systems as is advocated to be in
stalled in this city and operated with sue
cess in Eastern cities. The report say*
that Boston, Cleveland, Chicago Mllwau
kee. Detroit and Buffalo have many miles
of cast iron pipe for the salt water serv
ice and the systems have been found verv
effective in extinguishing big conflagra
tions. ' . •
The committee reported against includ
ing the proposition to erect new fire
houses at a cost of $350,000 in the proposed
bond issue.
Bionhart's Flaxsecd Balsam
Will cure your cough. 60 cents at all druggists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1901.
DECREES THAT RAILROAD MEN
SHALL ATTEND TO BUSINESS
President Harriman of the Southern Pacific Company Enforces
r Order That. Salaried .Officers of Corporation Must Surrender
Outside Employment— -Herrin to Close the Political Bureau
EH. HARK i MAN,/ president of
the Southern Pacific Com-'
pany. Is coming to j Cali
3 fornia as soon as he can de
tach himself from business af
fairs of importance in the East. He Is
taking an active Interest in everything
that directly concerns the corporation
over which he presides, and he derives
much information of value from the-as
sistant to the president, Julius \ Krutt
schnltt. Mr. Harriman Is much better
posted concerning affairs In California
than is fancied by most people, although
it is his purpose to acquire additional in
formation by a personal visit to San
Francisco. He said to W. H. Crocker in
New York a few days ago that he was
making arrangements for an early trip to
California. He hopes to arrive here the
latter part of April. H. E. Huntington
and W. F. Herrin are In New York at the
present time, but they are scheduled to
leave there for San Francisco next Tues
day. •
President Harriman has resolved that
men occupying responsible positions in
the service of the company and who draw
large salaries from the treasury of the
corporation shall in the future apply
themselves strictly to the business of the
railroad. If they cannot conform to the
new order of things proclaimed by the
president they will be expected to resign:
The business of the corporation has been
complicated by side issues, such as affairs
of the Market-street Railway, the Pacific
Improvement Company and the land and
the business of the late magnates. The
paymaster's office of the company has for
many years been a sort of clearing house
for the magnates and the heirs and suc
cessors of the four railway kings who
reigned so long In California.
Remnants of Old Complications.
Some of the old complications remain,
having been tightly fastened on the par
ent corporation by a long period of adhe
sion and cohesion.
Mr. Harriman Is firm in his determina^
tion that the company's men shall get out
of machine politics and keep out or look
elsewhere for employment. He has been
advised by practical and capable railway
men— the experts who make a study of
transportation and the revenues to be de
rived from railway investments — that past
PROPRIETOR OF A SHOOTING GALLERY
ON DUPONT STREET FOULLY MURDERED
Adolph Oppenheimer, Who Was the Principal Witness in the Dur
rant Case, Victim of a Mysterious Assassin.
ADOLPH OPPENHEIMER, who
was one of the principal witness
es against Theodore Durrant,
hanged for the brutal murder of
Blanche Lamont, was mysterious
ly shot ano* killed late last night in a
shooting gallery which he had conducted
at 416 Dupont street. Robbery was ti:e
motive. He was shot from behind, the
bullet entering the small of the bacK and
causing instant -death.
Oppenheimer was alone In the gallery
when he was assassinated. Morris, his
16-year-old son, was in his room over the
gallery, when he heard a noise down
stairs and at once started an investiga
tion. On entering the gallery he found
the body of his murdered parent lying
in Realizlng C( that his parent was dead, he
went upstairs and excitedly Informed his
mother of what had happened. After
taking a hurried look at her dead hus
band Mrs. Oppenheimer, thinking that life
was not extinct, ran to- the office of Dr.
Rels, which Is only a short distance away,
and asked him to go with her to the gal
lery. Upon examining the body the med
ical man, not noticing the bullet hole in
the back, gave it as his opinion that
death was due to apoplexy. Police Offi
cer Brady, who was present, so reported
to the Coroner. . &
Shortly afterward Deputy Coroner Mc-
Cormick reached the scene. He thorough
ly examined the body and found the cause
of death— a bullet bole in the back made
by a 32-caliber pistol. McCormick at
once notified the police and detectives
were dispatched to make a thorough in
vestigation.
That robbery was the motive was
shown by the fact that a cigar box con
taining about 18, which represented the
day's receipts, was missing, it having
been taken by the murderer.
Missing Cigar-Box Contained $8.
Mrs. Oppenheimer says that she knows
the box contained at least $8, as her hus-
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
H We selected for specials this week Shoes and Slippers, which. H
B serve two purposes. They are useful and practical, and at the same M
a time make pretty holiday gifts. You would have to buy these goods raj
H anyway, and our prices leave you enough small change to indulge Hj
H in some extra toy for the little ones. Remember, these prices are m
f| for .Friday and Saturday only. D:
H LADIES' RED, BLACK AND BROWN BOYS' PATENT LEATHER LACB B
ta SATIN ROMEQS with either leather SHOES, the kind he wants to wear .H
H or satin heels, hand turned, fur-trim- oh a. holiday. {**»
Ea med. flannel lined. ' Sizes l&M to 2.... ......$1.S5 §Q
|J Friday and Saturday only $1.30 Sizes 2% to 5Mi • 2.20 n|
H Friday' and Saturday. \ tea
fl BLACK AND RED FELT SLIPPERS, ffl
E3 braided; also black kid slippers, fur ' Erf j
P3 trimmed. rv.j L+'-A BOYS' SATIN CALF LACE. SHOES. H
IB On Friday and Saturday. ..... .$1.1O excellent for everyday wear. '.■
m LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE . sizes 13% to* 2 'l.'io B
H SH S E S '♦?f. thei> i heav £ a . n a d K n ex ,5. en ., dc<i sizes 2% to o%!;!.!;...t i.«o ga
ffl 9S thin *, ol i e: * 3>6 ° k iS. d o^ ' Friday and Saturday. / E.|
m On Friday- and Saturday $2.83 • .>. ..*j fcjj
W{ CHILDS' AND MISSES' RED SATIN MEN'H T»ATTTMT T.TCATHER OX> H
1 cSit^ 1^^ ioRVttxurh T fuu E t^r ER ox §
I Bi^fto £?"*: ..05c Friday 'and Saturday.... »2.85 g
ra Sizes 5% to 8 .'. :SOc ' : ' H
fa Sizes 8% to 11 ..OOc MEN'S PATENT LEATHER LACE HH
H Sizes 11% to 2 $1.05 SHOES, neat round toe. BSf
£3 Friday and Saturday. Friday and Saturday $2.85 gg
m CHTLDS' AND MISSES' PATENT ~ L; " XT^ CTT , T> _ 18
H LEATHER LACE SHOES with dull MEN'S ALL ENAMEL BLUCHERS, ffl
r3 kid top or patent leather button medium, soles extended; very _ H
H shoes with cloth top, round toe.- swell : j?j.«.j n
19 Sizes 8% to 1J ....J?1.8."» ... H
H Sizes 11% to 2 2.20 MEN'S SLIPPERS, 2 regular $2 lines. - XA
(SI Friday and Saturday. black and wine color $1.65 MB
H Country orders for above filled if received on or before Monday. «
[3 The largest stock in town of Felt, Crochet or Satin Romeos and, H
iH patent Leather Slippers. Buy our Shoe Order. . Jff
|^r 'FAVORITE.. .
& FO R WEAHt WOMEN.
management of railroad affairs in Cali
fornia has had a tendency to provoke pub
lic irritation. Moreover the management
has been costly and cumbersome. It was
found after careful inquiry that -many of
the employes were in the oil business,
quite a number were engaged In large
landed ■ enterprises, while others were
using the law department to .transact
business in which the company was, not
interested. It was ascertained that the
credit, the prestige and the clerical force
of the corporation had been used to ad
vance ' Individual interests. In several in
stances the use of the clerical force of
the company and the accommodations ex
tended for office convenience did .not
amount to acts of impropriety, but the
custom was not business like.
Tax Payments and Politics.
For example E. Black Ryan, who Is
recognized as one of the most capable and
successful tax attorneys of the State, -ia
In the enjoyment of a large private .or
semi-official practice which happens to
join closely with the company's business
of the same character. In olden days
Stanford, Crocker, Huntington and Hop
kins expected Mr. Ryan to look after land
taxes and titles. Through the successive
changes In the railway management he
has continued the outside tax business
at the same old stand in the company's
office. President Harriman has now given
out the word that employes must attend
to the company's business and that alone.
Perhaps Mr. Ryan has not heard officially
of this order, but he will be- fully ap
prised of the fact in due time.
General Manager Kruttschnltt has
doubtless informed the new president that
the law office of the Southern Pacific In
San Francisco is a sort of political ren
dezvous, where Republican and Demo
cratic politicians of the machine type
congregate at election times to receive
orders from "W. F. \ Herrin. ' Apart from
politics and railroading the company's
chief lawyer is the attorney for the Spring
Valley Water Works. He Is in position to
employ the political prestige of the rail
way corporation to assist the water com
pany in Its annual adjustment of rates.
Pavor of the High Court.
. There was an epoch In California when
Judges of the Supreme and Superior
courts looked to the railway corporation
for favor in the nominating convention.
Big clients got the impression that a iaw-
band had told her early In the evening
of the amount In the receptable.
The pistol which the murderer used was
the property of Oppenheimer and was
used by him in the shooting gallery.
From their investigation the detectives
who are working on the case are satisfied
that the murderer went into the gallery
and pretended to be anxious to try . his
hand at shooting at the inanimate tar
gets. As Oppenheimer faced the targets,
with hia back turned to the murderer, he
was shot, dying, presumably, instantly.
A few minutes after the fatal shot had
been fired three soldiers entered the place
and, seeing Oppenheimer lying on the
floor with his face downward, concluded
that he was asleep. Falling to awaken
him by calling to him, they helped them
selves to pistols and blazed away at the
targets. " " \ ■
Oppenheimer ■ formerly kept a pawn
shop, and It ! was at his place that
Durrant pawned some jewelry which he
had stolen from Blanche Lamont after he
had foully murdered her. The identifica
tion of Durrant as the man who had
pawned the dead girl's jewelry was one
of the strongest links in the chain of evi
dence against him. ' .
Morris Oppenheimer, the 16-year-old
son of the murdered man, said:
I was sitting upstairs shortly before mid
night -when I heard a. single shot. Almost sim
ultaneously with the shot I heard a low moan
and a fall. I did not think this very strange,
for frequently at that hour drunken strag
glers come into the gallery "broke" and be
fore they have a chance to shoot .any more
than one shot, without paylne my father gen
erally takes the pistol away from them. Then
again very often they got to quarrelling
among / themselves and throw one another
down, so I did not bother to go downstairs un
til I heard four or five men come in below
and say, "Oh, you're asleep, eh! Well, we'll
shoot anyway," or words to that effect. Then
I knew there was something wrong.
Does Not Think Robbery Was Motive
I went downstairs quickly and" found the
soldiers still there, and my father was lying
In the corner behind the counter, close to the
north wall of the gallery. I ■ did not suspect
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND BKLIABLE OLD
:*- SpecIalisteurwBlood Poison, Gonorrhoea.Gleet,
otrlctnr*, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, free.
Ovpraoyeam' experience. Terms reasonable. Hour*,
9to3dally;6:30to8.30ev'gs.Sundays.l0tol3.Consul-
tauonireeandaacredly confidential. Call or address
P. RO8COE McXULTY, BI. D.
20& Kearny St* Han Francisco, Cal.
yer who happened to be closely, associated
with the railroad would, bo just the right
kind of a lawyer to handle questions of
law Involving the settlement of disputes
in court arising from the distribution of
princely estates. ,W. F. Herrin, the rail
road's chief counsel, has had many of the
rich outside plums. The Call does not in
timate that President Harriman Is so nar
row in his views of life, and especially
life in the great and growing West, that
he would restrict every lawyer to one
client, but The Call receives positive in
formation that Mr. Harriman wants the
law business of the company attended to
by a lawyer who can give all his time and
attention to that business. It is the presi
dent's impression that lawyers ought not
to be overworked or overrated. He holds
that the businsa of the company is so
vast, so varied and important that the ex
clusive services of one lawyer are de
manded to direct it. If Mr, Herrin can
not afford to surrender a lucrative out
side practice In order to give his whole
time to the company's affairs he will b6
readily accorded the privilege of looking
to some place other than the corporation's
treasury for compensation for his ipgal
talents. In. the field of politics the chief
counsel's career Is checkered by a long
chain of reverses, hence it is claimed that
Harriman sees neither glory nor gain by
the interference of the railroad in the
political affairs of this State. Herrin is
at present in New York. The president
called him there for consultation ami
when he returns he will bear with him
the new decree that the officers and em
ployes of the Southern Pacific must work
exclusively for the railroad.
The Pacific Improvement Company now
has its offices in the Crocker building.
General Hubbard owns half the stock of
the company, having recently purchased
for three million dollars the one-quarter in
terest known as the Huntington holdings.
Hereafter all the business of this side
corporation -must be conducted by its own
employes. The pay offices and the cleri
cal force of the railway corporation will
not be used as of old for the convenience
cf the Pacific Improvement Company.
The Market-street Railway still uses to
some extent the Southern Pacific's pay
department in payments for salaries, sup
plies and claim adjustments. The new
order would be Immediately applied to the
Market-street Company if It were not set
tled that the 1 change of base desired Is
soon to take place. '
murder or that he had been shot. I thought
that he had fainted, so I ran upstairs. -and woke
my mother and then ran down to ,Bayles f drug
store and summoned Dr. Relss. v - The doctor
came and pronounced the case one of apoplexy.
As soon as the deputy coroner»±urned my
father's body over and discovered mat he was
shot in the back I knew that four murder had
been done.
I believe that my father was murdered by
people who have been persecuting us on ac
count of our rellslon and success In business.
I will not speak of my suspicions now. I want
to be sure first before I make any charges. I
don't think robbery was the motive. Perhaps
the soldiers who came In after the murderer
left took the money, thinking my father was
asleep.
From their conversation, which I could hear
very distinctly upstairs, I would not think
that they had any hand In It or even knew that
my father was lying there dead. After the
soldiers shot the six shots they said "Well
come on, let's go." but when I came down
stairs they were still there, or, at least that
is my impression. I was excited, however,
and may be mistaken about that. If they were
not there, then they came back immediately
after. I am positive that after firing the shots
the men said, "Well, come on, let's go."
Policeman Brady was called to the scere
soon after the finding of Oppenhelmev's
body. It was close to 12 o'clock and Bradv
was due at the station at midnight, so
after Dr. Relss pronounced him a victim
of apoplexy, Brady left the scene and
made his report to Lieutenant Birdsall.
« ft .S r the discovery by Deputy Coroner
McConnack that murder had been done,
Sergeant Tom Bethel appeared upon the
scene. Sergeant Bethel took up the in
vestigation and ordered one of his men
to report the case to headquarters. De
tectives O'Dea and Whittaker were de
tailed on the case.
Isadore Heymafnt a companion of young
Oppenheimer, was in bed upstairs and he
tells the same story of the affair as did
the murdered man's son.-
NOTICE TO PATRONS.
Owing to the large size of The
Call's Christmas Edition to be issued
Sunday, December 15, and the great
volume of extra advertising already
received, no advertisements of any
description will be accepted for pub-
lication in that issue after 9:30
p. ' in. Saturday. The Christmas
Call will be the largest, finest and
most elaborately illustrated holiday
edition published on the Pacific Slope.
Send a copy to your Eastern friends, i
Ready for mailing 5 cents per copy.
FBOSECUTTOST TN DUNPHY
wrrjm>ER trial bests
Witnesses for the Defense WillBe
gin to Testify This Morn
ing.
. The trial of James M. Dunphy for the
murder, of Edward Stanton on September
27 last was resumed in Judge .Cook's
court yesterday. Thomas E. Cohen, pro
prietor of a cigar store at Sixth and Min
na streets, testified to a conversation he
had with Dunphy' about a week before
the murder. Dunphy asked for Stanton,
and although Dunphy • made no threats
Cohen was satisfied from his demeanor
that he intended harm to Stanton.
Maurice Durbin, a brother of the mur
dered man, testified as to what had hap
pened on the Friday night when Dunphy
claimed he had been "Jumped" by Stan
ton and four or five of his friends. He
said that Stanton had been at his sister's
house -with some friends and when they
left they met Dunphy on the corner. Dun
phy and his brother shook hands and
there was no trouble. Dunphy and his
brother conversed together for about an
hour and a half, and the witness over
heard Dunphy say that if his sister had
■got herself into trouble she was i able to
take care of herself. • .
. Morlz Abt, grocer, 429 Minna street, tes
tified that he heard 'shots and on going
outside he saw Dunphy shooting at a body
that was lying on the sidewalk and walk
away.- He saw the body placed in- the
patrol wagon and noticed there was a ci
garette in the man's mouth. •*
Dr. Z. T. Malaby of the Emergency
Hospital testified as to the nature of Stan
ton's wounds, which closed the case for
the prosecution. The defense will go on
this morning.
Stanton is not the name under which
the defendant was born. His father's
name was Durbin, but he was adopted at
the age of 11 >by a man named Stanton
and has since borne that name.
Not a Salaried . Officer.
City Attorney Lane advised the Civil
Service Commission yesterday that a tem
porary clerk in tlie city government Is
not a salaried officer and Is not prevented
by the charter from holding- a' position
under the State or Federal Government.
Skins and "Wood to Burn.
We have fitted up an. exhibit of burnt
wood and leather, which all are Invited
to i see. "Wood and skins for burning ana
pyrogTaphy machines at very moderate
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market at.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
V- — ? mi j nt •
Wonderland, our 1 O 53 § I |l ?3 t*fT81 H (t
charming Christ- J^ Hd, ft WIlwl liIl!J54
mas spectacle, open O
\go visits to-day. | long Winter Overcoat '
'^^tel^feli^flitefl it s superior
Dainty Bits in Holiday The New Monogram
Scarfs for Men. Initial
Cha_mwg .effects in light onalinen handkerchief is the
£ T Z f correct ihi »*' We hale some
It H changeable col- lovely ones that we have boxed
Sr^^lB>I orin Ss. in all 6 in a box.
U 1% shapes and in jy 6 J lave
\ Se 1 y that smart 4fi K £>fi&*~^ every initial
/f/m^yJm^ shape pictured J^J?ffa~ to-day ; may
ffffiw,-7En$pbri«i mwr% "liif
Mg£^*?^\ *4 world of \ £<|wj£» /' ■*£ W%ile uoe.
tkf^t^^S^k dainty things » V<^4 <^ have 'em the
||pp||^ inholiday neck- \ T^S^\^dr boxof6wilL
JIP^^lM wear for men at Viy \ \\ cost V 010
50c ""■' r^~ / 59c '
Q— : — — • o
/J^N Night Robes of Flannel— Nothing more
\ji)y comfortable in the shape of a night robe than a
f, "jgS^s^ flannel on°;® *fldft
HM^)Z r i::, e oT g 'U 5 c° s <""e Suspenders.
B <y erously ivi.de tih-FUt-UWl B-andsomely
and in pretty I|I-l"|""""j boxed, perfect
, colorings. Spz- |J ■""" I "■"■] dreams in /sol-
I .cial at' \. {. | "-I-I [''.'] or ings; the
C/\ A'/ififtlSiS buckle treat'
JOT 5UC IC^O rnentisthelaU
O q x\m -1r\ ft" ft est idea and tha
. ,. . House Coats. \
B : ;^ML?^^S|f There's the sort of a present to
--^^■!||^^^%^7?r»-^^^~~> £ive a man, a House Coat, in
-^^^-^w^ii^^^ jStet, r\ perfect dream? of col orings t cord \
f!^''i^^zSC^"' wS&k trimm'nifs on the pockets and
sJ^sffi^XjCW^ \J*lSk Pretty frog and cord fastenings.
<siL TC^i^"^'/^ % \-*^'<"i^™ Special to-day at
\ 1 W^ K If The Smart Fixings
\T^S^ / I\ ■ \ y That the Men
V—fr^rf^^^^ Folks Like-^
' A store FuU of ' >Em '
W- t OPEN EVENINGS. J .