VOLUME XC-NO. 162.
GERMANY IS SCHEMING TO SPLIT MONROE
DOCTRINE AND DOMINATE THE CARIBBEAN SEA
SIBYL SANDERSON BACK TO HER OLD HOME
FLUSHED WITH UNDYING GLORY OF EUROPE'S
APPROVAL AND ANXIOUS TO WIN OUR FAVOR
Recalls Old Times, Old Friends and Old Scenes, Tells ' A
necdotes of Days Gone By and Patches Up a Quarrel
With an Old Friend, Who Makes the First Advances
AFTER an absence of sixteen
years, during which time ehe has
gained world-wide fame and a
tremendous fortune, Sibyl Sander
son came quietly into town yes
terday morning and went directly to the
Palace, where she will make her home
during her etay in this city.
The first person the prima donna met
mt she stepped into the Palace elevator
was a friend of olden days.
"How do you do, dear," said the visitor
Impulsively and laying so much stress on
tr.e "dear" that the great singer after
ward told about it. And then they shook
hiuids and for a few minutes swapped
reminiscences, and thus healed the breach
•xlsting between them and dating back
y to a Paris dinner of several years ago.
7 Madame Sanderson— as she desires to be
known in public liftf— was not at her
best yesterday. However, if Mrs. Yost,
the singer's aunt, had not explained this
to her interviewers, no one would have
suspected it. The trip from Los Angeles
to this city had been a very trying one
for the singer. She had eaten some
canned meats that had made her ill and
dectors had to be telegraphed for and
doses of laudanum administered before
the pain could be allayed. Although the
lady thought she "was going to die" and
spent a miserable night in a very cold
cf r, Madame Sanderson's friends need
have no apprehension- She is thoroughly
and absolutely well and without the pos
elbilitr of «yen a very slight cold.
The rooms reserved for Madame San
derson were a perfect bower of flowers
when she came to them. Legions of
friends had sent their choicest blossoms
to welcome home the celebrated song
stress. There were roses and violets.
leng-stemmed shaggy chrysanthemums
e.:id an immense bunch of gTeat pink Han
n.-Lh Hobart carnations. The flowers
charmed Madame Sanderson. She snuffed
cm delightedly. The great carna
¦ especially pleased her.
"Look at those pinks," she kept eaylng
over and over again. "Did you ever see
anything like them? I never have."
Madame Sanderson quite upsets one's
preconceived ideas of a prima donna. She
is- not fat. She does not muffle up her
throat. She is charmingly natural, and
¦ exactly like her photographs. Of
course she said she was pleased to be
once again in San Francisco, but she did
not dwell upon the fact. Naturally she
declared that she was a bit nervous about
% a San Francisco audience, and
neither did she emphasize this statement.
Her old friend Henry Redington was
h her while she met her interviewers.
With the aid of his very good memory
the songstress recalled old times and old
¦nds. Redington called her Sibyl, and
fd implicitly upon his version of
ays rone by. She smiled fascinat
at him when she told it, and he
d back and said "that was many
¦ afro and Sibyl was so young— a mere
girl then."
"Do you remember when we all went
d Mm in a special train to the opening of
the Hotel del Monte?" asked the prima
donna of Redington. "And do you remem
:ow vie used to go every Saturday
:o the Bush-Ftrert Theater?"
q jeried Eedington. And then Damrosch
; rima donna had
H«ltu»i ' him she turned a
ftdfoc face to him and said:
"I tell you where I want to go to while
I am here. I want to go to the minstrels."
Damrosch said. "Very well, " ignorant
that he was promising that which he
could not possibly fulfill. Then one of tho
interviewers told Madame Sanderson that
there was no stock minstrel show here
like there was in her time, and she
c ghed and said she was "Oh, so sorry."
Sibyl Sanderson is very pretty. She is
tall and graceful and is at once roguish
and dignified. She i? about as French as
it is possible for a California girl to be,
e v en to a very slight French turn to her
speech and a suspicion of a French ac
cent. She says she loves- Paris, and the
-ringuishing touch of the gay capital is
mped all over her from the tips of the
c blue little pointed satin slippers that
CESSTTP EXPEDITION
COMPLETES ITS WORK
Collection of Articles From Polar Re
gions Being Brought to New
York.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. S.-The Jessup
expedition has finished its work. The
]'?a<ltr^. Norman Buxton. an American,
and A have arrived at Moscow,
having traveled 5060 versts In Kamchat
ka and oth< r polar districts. They have
brought wit) ; them 100 boxes of collections
fir the American Museum of Natural
yof New York City. Duplicates
given to the St. Petersburg Acad
emy of Sciences. The explorers have
tnoroughly investigated tribes during the
past four months. '
Blind Murderer Sentenced.
DES MOIN'ES, lowa, Nov. B.— Otis
: . indicted for murdering his wife
¦ ptember IS, pleaded guilty of murder
ond degree, to-day and was sen
. <\ to the penitentiary for life. Green
* his wife and then shot himself
through the temple. From the effects of
tkie shot be became totally blind.
The San Francisco Call.
FAIR CALIFORNIAN WHO RETURNS AFTER MANY YEARS TO AP
PEAR BEFORE THE FRIENDS OF HER CHILDHOOD AS ONE OF
THE STARU OF THE GRAU GRAND OPERA COMPANY.
fhe wore yesterday to the crown of her
frizzy brown hair.
"J love Paris and St. Petersburg," she
said, "and I suppose it is because they
love me. I have no choice of operas. I
k>ve each and every one I sing in. I would
like to appear in a Wagner production. I
believe I might sing "Elsa," although I
do not believe I am fitted for any other
opera of the Wagner school. During my
stay here I will appear in "Manon," in
"Carmen" with Calve, In "Rigoletto," in
"Romeo and Juliette'' and in "Les Hugue
nots."
Madame Sanderson was extremely anx
ious to deny the many sensational stories
that have appeared from time to time in
the various papers about her.
"There is no truth in any of them," she
said. "The only true one was that I was
very ill and for a while paralyzed, th<j
natural effects of blood-poisoning. I have
CONGRESS MAY REVOKE
DR. MARY WALKER'S PENSION
1 Officials Investigate Alleged Utter
ances of the Woman Who Wears
Masculine Attire.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The Pension
Bureau is investigating utterances attrib
uted to Dr. Mary Walker, the ex-army
nurse, who has worn masculine attire in
recent years and who is alleged to have
•called the execution of Czolgosz a mur
der and the late President himself a mur
derer on account of his policy in the Phil
ippines.
A special examiner of fhe Pension Of
fice is at Oswego, N. V., investigating the
matter, and his report will be kept on file
at the bureau here in readiness for sub
mission to Congress in case that body
should call for it. Commissioner Evans
explained to-day that he had no authority
to revoke the woman's pension, but that
Congress could do so if it desired.
-?¦
Child's Life Crushed Out.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. B.— Frederick W.
McCall, aged 5 years, was run over by a
loaded wagon this afternoon and killed.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
been away from the stage for nearly five
years, and this is my first season since
my complete restoration to health."
It is but necessary to see Madame San
derson to be i-onvinced that her restora
tion to health is perfect and complete.
Her face is round and firm and smooth,
and her gray eyes that are set well apart
are clear and bright, all of which be
token health and vigor. The dress sh<±
wr>re, a decollete clinging pale blue chif
fon tea "gown, one of those dresses that
"half conceals and half reveals," lets it
be seen that illness had not robbed the
fair songstress of her rounded form and
exquisite figure.
"I am in perfect condition," she said;
"and as I rarely take cold I shall be
ready to stand the criticisms of my
friends on Saturday night. In the mean
time I shall rest and renew old acquaint
ances."
TALK OF THE TARIFF
WITH THE PRESIDENT
Members of Ways and Means Comm
ittee in Consultation at
White House.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.-Representa
tive Payne, chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee of the House and Re
publican leader of that body, saw the
President to-day in company with Rep
resentative Steel, who is also a member
of the committee.
The meeting was to discuss matters of
reciprocity, revenue and tariff which may
come before their committee at the ap
proaching session of Congress, and tho
President read to them the portion of hi*
message covering these matters. Paynn
is firmly opposed to the tariff revision a-,
this time, disagreeing entirely with the
views of Babcock of Wisconsin, who fa
vors revision on certain lines.
Shipping Salmon to India.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 8.-A shipment
of 1750 cases cf salmon has been se'it
from here to India— the first sent to tha^
part of the world. Other orders have
been received from there.
DIPLOMATIC
MOVE IS MADE
IN COLOMBIA
Application for Coaling
Station Through Sub
sidized Company.
With Such a Base of Sup
plies a Fleet Could Con
trol Isthmian Canal.
State Department Takes Prompt Step?
to Thwart the Bold Design
of the Berlin Gov
ernment.
Special Disoatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— Finding It
impolitic to acquire a coaling station on
the shores of the Caribbean Sea by direct
negotiation, Germany has apparently at
tempted to evade the Monroe doctrine by
obtaining control of territory for this pur
pose through one of her subsidized steam
ship lines. An official report has been re
ceived by the State Department from Jo
seph Bowron, United States Consul at
Carthagena, announcing that the Ham
burg-American Steamship Company, own
ers of the Atlas line, which plies between
Central and South American ports, had
filed an application with the Colombian
Government for the right to establish a
coaling station near that city.
Referred to Bradford.
Immediately upon receipt of this report
Secretary Hay referred it to the Navy De
partment, and the effect of the applica
tion is now being considered by Rear Ad
miral Bradford, Chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and coaling station expert of
the service.
While there is no disposition on the part
of the United States to interfere with pri
vate enterpriser *here s no doubt that the
administration it oukt "-prefer that \hb ap
plication of the Hamburg-American lino be
not granted. That company draws a sub
sidy from the German Government and
in case of war its steamers would be avail
able for use by the German Government
as auxiliary cruisers. A coal pile near
Carthagena would be of immense value,
as a fleet using it as a base would, if suf
ficiently strong, be able to dominate the
Caribbean Sea and the eastern terminus
of the Isthmian Canal.
Of Strategic Importance.
The strategic importance of a coaling
station at or near Carthagena Is hard to
overestimate. The application of the
Hamburg-American line is regarded not
only in official but in diplomatic circles
as the thin edge of wedge intended to
split the Monroe doctrine.
Senor Herran, Colombian Charge d'Af
faires, is confident that the application
will be very carefully considered by the
Colombian officials.
"The application is probably made to
the President of Colombia," said Senor
Herran, "but it will be referred to the
Governor of the State of Carthagena for
his views. This official is one of the great
est jingoes in the country and is strongly
opposed to the extension of European in
fluence in Colombia. The only coaling
station that Colombia is disposed to con
cede is one to the United States in con
nection with the Panama Canal."
IDENTIFIES SUSPECT
AS A NOTED DESPERADO
rormer Wyoming Official Declares St.
Louis Prisoner to Be an
ex-Convict.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. B.— John Rose, th-3
man suspected of the robbery of an ex
press car on the Great Northern Railway
near Wagner, Mont., July 3 last and who
was arrested Ll this city by detectives on
Tuesday, was to-day identified as Harry
Longbaugh, a celebrated Western des
perado. The Identification was made by
a St. Louisan, who desires his name with
held from publication. He was prosecut
ing attorney for Cook County, Wyoming,
in 1887 and prosecuted Longbaugh in that
year on a charge of horse stealing. Long
baugh was convicted and sentenced to
eighteen months in jail. The ex-prose
cuting attorney described to Chief Des
mond the distinguishing marks of the
Longbaugh of 1887, and as these are all
found on the prisoner he Is satisfied that
he has the bandit properly identified.
Chief of Detectives Desmond said to
night that he would if necessary send for
one of the officers of Wagner, Mont., at
the department's expense to come here
and identify Longbaugh.
"We can prosecute him here if neces
sary," said the chief, "either in the Fed
eral court on a charge of forgery, or in
the State courts on the charge of uttering
a fraudulent instrument. In this way wo
are sure to be able to hold him here until
we can thoroughly investigate his rec
ord."
Killed by a Live Wire.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Nov. B.—
Frank McCoy, an electrician in the em
ploy of the Electric Light Company, was
electrocuted by a live wire at the top of
a 150 foot electric tower early to-day. He
went upon the tower to repair a broken
light and was found dead later, a current
of 5000 volts having passed through his
body. He was suspended in the air,
hanging across the railing of the plat
form at the top of the tower.
DEATH OF EARL LI HUNG CHANG IS HASTENED
BY A VERY VIOLENT DISPUTE WITH RUSSIAN
MINISTER LESSAR OVER MANCHURIAN TREATY
After a Stormy Interview With the Czar's Representative
the Aged Diplomat Goes Home Feeling Furious and Is
Stricken With Hemorrhage — His Successor Is Chosen
P EKING, Nov. B.— A violent dispute
with Paul Lessar, Russian Minis
ter to China, over the Manchu
rlan treaty appears to have been
the immediate cause of the death
of LI Hung Chang. The diplomatic events
preceding this tragic climax have enabled
Japan for a moment to frustrate the de
signs of Rus3la. A fortnight ago the
Japanese legation secured a reliable out
line of the terms of the treaty and there
upon demanded that the Chinese plenipo
tentiaries officially lay before them the
text, basing this demand upon the alle
gation that Japanese interests were in
volved in any change of the status of
Manchuria.
The Chinese plenipotentiaries refused to
comply with the demand. Thereupon the
Japanese Government from Tokio com
municated with the Southern Viceroys
and induced them to use their influence
with the Empress Dowager against the
treaty. In the meantime the Empress
Dowager Instructed Li Hung Chang l<i
communicate the treaty, after certain
modifications, to the Ministers of the
powers, and if they did not object to sign
the same.
Fatal Hemorrhage Follows.
Ll Hung Chang visited M. Lessar and
explained to him the instructions. The
Russian Minister strongly objected to re
vealing the text of the treaty to the Min
isters of the other powers, and a stormy
Interview ensued. Ll Hung Chang went
home in a violent passion and had a
hemorrhage, which the doctors attribute
to the over-exertion of a weakened sys
tem.
While these things were happening in
Peking the southern Viceroys sent to the
Empress Dowager a memorial against the
treaty. On receiving it she telegraphed
to Li Hung Chang countermanding the
order to sign. This instruction came after
Li Hung Chang had become unconscious.
When M. Lessar endeavored to have LI
Hung Chang's seal affixed to the treaty
Chou Fu, Provincial Treasurer, had ar
rived from Paotingfu and had taken
charge of the seals as the temporary suc
cessor of Earl Li.
The flag of the United States legation
was the only one half-masted in Peking
to-day. The mourners and the family of
Li Hung Chang will burn paper offerings
to-morrow, in accordance with custom,
for the use of his spirit in the other
world. The street is hung with mourning
emblems. All the attendants at the ya
.men are richly attired and many of them
gaudily dressed. To-day musicians beat
drums about the house.
Earl Li's Successor.
The special edict has arrived her* ap
pointing Yuan Shi Kai (Governor of Shan
tung Province) to be Governor of the pro
vince of Chili, and appointing Wang Wen
Shao president of the Foreign Office and
a member of the Cabinet to succeed Li
Hung Chang as plenipotentiary- They are
both ordered to come to Peking forthwith.
Another edict creates Li Hung Chang a
Marquis and bestows on him the new
name of Li Wen Chung, by which he will
be known in history.
LI Hung Chang's estate will remain in
tact for the use of his eldest son, who will
provide for the other members of his fam
ily.
Yuan Shi Kai'a successor in the Gov
ernorship of the Province of Shantung is
Chang Yen Chun, who has been holding
an unimportant though lucrative position
as grain commissioner in one of the In
lands towns of the province. He will be
watched with the deepest solicitude, as
the peace of China will largely depend
upon his course.
Wang Weng Shao, who is 74 years of
age and deaf, was never rated as a states
man or a diplomatist. His appointment
is probably temporary.
Emperor's Military Spirit.
Telegraphic communication with Prince
Ching was obtained to-day. He la has
tening to meet the court. After consulta
tion he will return with Wang Weng
Shao, who Is accompanying the court,
which is now five days' journey from Kai
Fong Fu.
Emperor Kwang Su, report says, is as
serting himself and leading the imperial
cortege on horseback. Native papers de
clare that he purposes to inaugurate a
revival of the military spirit, assuming the
honorary position of commander-in-chief
and "wearing a uniform. They also assert
that he will compel the nobles to follow
his example, to take military positions and
to study military science.
A Drlvate letter from a European now
in Tai Yuen Fu says that two British of"
fleers, with -a party of Indian soldiers, en
countered the imperial procession, were
suspected of unfriendly motives and were
detained as prisoners by the Emperor's
body guard for a few days. Apparently
this was an exploring party commanded
by Major Manifold and Captain Hunter,
who has been operating in that region for
some time.
Kai a Smart Man.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— Minister Con
ger at Peking has informed the State De
partment that Yuan Shi Kai has been ap
pointed to succeed Li Hung Chang as
Viceroy of Chili, and that Wang Weng
Shao has been appointed Deputy Viceroy
of the same province. Yuan is the pres
ent Viceroy of Shantung Province.
Yuan Shi Kai, who succeeds LI Hung
Chang as Viceroy of Chili, is the best ap
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CHINESE STATESMAN WHO
SUCCEEDS EARL LI AS VICE
ROY OF CHTLI.
pointment that could have been matte
from all China, according to Rockhill, the
Special Commissioner of the United
States to China. He is about 45 years old
and came originally from the province of
Hunan, where he began his public career
as a military officer. He was made Min
ister to Korea, and for many years ably
defended Chinese interests in that trou
bled land. As Governor of Shantung he
showed surprising ability in tranquiliain*
that dangerous province, while his gift for
diplomacy was exercised fully in prevent
ing friction between the turbulent popula
tion of the peninsula and the Germans
when the latter were steadily encroaching
from their original holdings at Kiaochau
on the north coast.
As a military man Yuan showed his
ability by the organization of what Is un
doubtedly th«» best military force in
China, and they were his troops that oc
cupied Peking last summer when the for
<Agn forces were withdrawn. They are
thoroughly disciplined and well officered,
and, considering Chinese conservatism,
they form a magnificent display of Yuan's
ability.
Shao Is a Reformer.
Watig Wengr Shao, who is made Deputy
Viceroy of Chili, is also a man of marked
ability. Fortunately he always has been
friendly to foreign ideas and is not a re
actionist. He was one of the Grand Sec
retaries of State and is at present one O***
the two Ministers appointed to form the\
new Chinese Foreign Office which will re
' place the Tsung-Li-Yamen. Wang is a
man of affairs and was himself a member
of the T3ung-Li-Yamen some years ago,
besides having been Director of Mines
and Railways. He has been with the im- /
perial court ever since it fled from Pe
king.
The records show that he always h? Jk
exerted his influence in the direction •git
reforms. w a *
Morgan Buying Steamers.
LONDON, Nov. B.— The Berlin correV
spondent of the Daily Mail gives currency
to a report that Albert Ballln, of the
Hamburg-American line, is in London ne
gotiating for the sale of eighteen steamers
to J. Pierpont Morgan. n2
ARMED CITIZENS KILL CONVICTS
IN A RUNNING DUEL IN KANSAS
Hundreds of Pursuers Now Out on the
Trail of the Desperae Men Who Escaped
From the Leavenworth "Prison Stockade
LEAVENWORTH, Kara., Nov. S.—
All the police, Deputy Sheriffs
and farmers in the country adja
cent to Leavenworth were on the
lookout to-day for the twenty-six
federal convicts who escaped from the
stockade here yesterday. As a result two
convicts have been killed, two wounded
and five captured unhurt. The casualties
took place in a fight near Nortonville,
Kan., that resulted in the death or cap
ture of five men. The dead are:
JAMES HOFFMAN, aged 20 years,
white.
J. J. POFFENHOLZ, aged 25 years,
white, a soldier convict.
The wounded are: Johh Green, aged 21,
white, and Willard Drake, aged 19, white.
Fred Moore, aged 16, a negro,- was recap
tured unhurt.
The five men were discovered in the
barn of Fay Welshaar, a quarter of a
mile from Nortonville, Kans., about 3
o'clock this afternoon. Weishaar went
into the barn and was ordered out at the
point of guns. He rushed to Nortonville
and gathered a wagonload of men who
with revolvers, shotguns and a few riMes
hastened to the scene.
The convicts saw the men coming and
rushed from the barn. They had a rifle,
a shotgun and an old revolver. Hoffman
carried the shotgun. In the running duel
he was struck first in the hand. He yelled
and dropped the gun. Just then a bullet
entered his back and he fell dead. Poffcn
WILL ARREST
THE DEFAULTER
Maccabee Officials to Act
Against Charles
Thompson.
PORT HURON. Mich., Nov. B.— lt now
transpires that the Fidelity and Deposit
Company of Maryland, which carried the
bond of Charles D. Thompson, the self
confessed defaulting supreme finance
keeper of the tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees before being released last
July, is still liable for any loss which the
order may have sustained by the defalca
tion.
Representatives of the company, it is
said, have informed Maccabee officials
that the loss will be paid. Therefore it is
now probable that Thompson will be ar
rested to-morrow. This was indicated to
night from a talk of officials of the order,
and the arrest will come as a result of a
conference between the trustees of the
order and representatives of the bonding
company.
The heaviest loss, it is said, falls upon
the Maryland Fidelity Company, as
Thompson's defalcations since August,
when the National Surety Company as
sumed the risk, were comparatively small.
It was announced to-day that Thompson's
shortage was $60,000 instead of $57,000. All
data concerning the embezzlement are in
the hands of the bond company and or
ders are being aw Mted from headquar
ters.
The aaost important matter for consid
eration before the trustees was the selec
tion of a successor for Thompson, but no
successor was announced.
LONDON'S NEW LORD
MAYOR IS INSTALLED
Retiring Official Will Be Given a
Baronetcy on King Edward's
Birthday.
LONDON, Nov. B.— The new Lord
Mayor, Sir Joseph Dimsdale, was in
stalled at Guildhall this afternoon with
all the quaint formalities and ceremonies
customary on the transfer of this office.
Among" the honors bestowed on the oc
casion of King Edward's birthday will be
a baronetcy upon the retiring Lord Mayor
of London, Frank Green, and knighthoods
tor Chief Justices Little of Newfound
land and Gray of Bermuda; G. A. Crit
chett, oculist to the King, and George
Hussey of Southampton. Clinton Daw
kins (formerly financial member of the
Council of the Governor General of India
end now a member of the firm of J P
Morgan & Co.) Is given a knight grand
cross of the bath.
A. L. Jones, president of the Liverpool
Chamber of Commerce, who is head of
the concern of Elder, Dempster & Co. is
made a knight commander of St Michael
and St. George.
CONRAD BTJFFS ABBEST
RECALLS AWFUL TBAGEDY
Man Whose Four Children Perished
in Flames Is Accused of
Fraud.
SAN JOSE, Nov. B.— Conrad Ruff, whose
home was destroyed by a fire here some
months ago in which four of his children
lost their lives, was arrested in Salinas to
day by Sheriff Langford oif a charge of
felony. William Fisher of Mountain View
charges ißuff with having obtained cattle
valued at ?525 from him under false pre
tenses. Ruff paid $95 on account, but
failed to keep his word in other respects.
After the fire in which Ruff's children
were burned to death, Mrs. Sarah Ruff
the stepmother, was charged with their
murder by her husband's brother, Carl
Ruff. Later Mrs. Ruff charged her hus
band, Conrad Ruff, and his four brothers
with arson and murder. Subsequently all
the complaints were dismissed and a fam
ily love feast followed.
Younger Declines Police Position.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. S.-A. A. Ames,
Mayor of Minneapolis, to-day tendered
Cole Younger, the notorious bandit re
cently released from the Minnesota State
Prison on parole, after serving twenty
nve years i<rf«i life sentence, a 'position as
captain on "the local police force. Cole
took the matter up with his friends in St
Paul, Where he is now engaged as clerk
in a grocery store. He emphatically
stated that he did not wiah to accept any
position that would not of just right, nor
did he want to accept any position that
would carry with it the least bit of noto
riety. Upon the advice of his friends kc
oecided to refuse the offer.
Alleg-ed Embezzler in Court.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. B.— H. J. Mc-
Ouire of Camden, N. J.. former secre
tary-treasurer of the Brotherhood of
Carpenters, who is charged with . bein>j
j^hort $10,000 in his accounts and for whom
a warrant was iseued yesterday, appeared
before a Philadelphia Judge and waived
a hearing. He was released on $5000 bail
Florida Negro Publicly Hanged.
MADISON, Fla., Nov. B— Will Jones, a
negro desperado who recently killed three
men in one day— two blacks and one
white — and shot several other members
be Sheriff's posse, was publicly
hanged here to-day.
A Pertinent Question.
A Sunday school superintendent always
-onduetß the lesson review in his school,
«ay« the Omaha World-Herald. He spends
About five minute* in explaining the
lessor, and then asks:
"Now. hae any one a question to ask?"
The other Sunday he explained the
lesson as usual, dwelling at lengrth on its
chief thoughts, and wound up with the
usual question:
"Now, has any one a question to ask?"
A member of the boys' junior class
raised his hand.
"Well, what is your question?" asked
the superintendent.
"Please, sir, are we going to have a
picnic this summer?"— Ta coma News.
holz died a few minutes after being short.
Green was brought down by a bullet in
the knee. Drake was shot twice in the
right wrist and arm. Drake says Suther
land, an Indian, was shot in the fight at
the stockade.
Two unarmed convicts were found hid
ing in a ravine in a farm near Jarbalo,
Kan., and they surrendered without re
sistance. The Sheriff of Douglass County
captured two convicts at Lawrence, TKan.
They are Ole Bobo, a half-breed Indian,
and Joseph H. Deekin, a soldier serving
a term for desertion and assault to kill.
Frank Thompson, the negro desperado
who led the outbreak, is supposed to be
.near Lawrence, heavily armed. He will
probably not be taken alive.
Nearly all the convicts came from Okla
homa, and Indian Territory and they are
supposed to be making for that country.
They are a hard lot of men, used to fire
arms and horses. Some have obtained
both, but others are afoot and detense
less. Warden McCloughrey says .he will
capture every one of the men. In The dis
tricts around this city every road and
river crossing that the fugitives might be
expected to use is guarded by armed men,
the farmers having turned out to earn
the $60 reward that will be paid for the
return of each convict. Those of the con
victs who are armed are likely to be shot
at sight.
TOPEKA, Kan., Nov. B.— Two of the es
caped prisoners from the Federal Peni
tentiary were caught in North Topeka to
night by the local police.
AMERICAN SHIPS
MORE NUMEROUS
Navigation Commission
er Tells of Growth
of Marine.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The report of
United States Commissioner of Navigation
Chamberlain says that the past fiscal year
has been the third successful year of
growth in American shipping, exceeding
the two previous years. The extent and
nature of work under way or projected in
shipyards* promises an even greater
growth for the current fiscal year.
American tonnage has now attained
practically the former maximum of 1861.
The figures of 1901, compared with 1861,
show an increase in coasting trade ves
sels from 2,704,554 tons to 4,582,683 tons
(two-thirds of this increase being on the
great lakes); a decrease in foreign trade
vessels from 2,496,t»48 tons to 879,595 tons,
and a decrease in whaling and fishing ves
sels from 338,375 tons to 61,940 tons.
Of our total tonnage 3,623.210 tons are
wooden vessels and only 1,901,017 tons are
iron or steel. In 1900 Great Britain
launched 1,440,000 tons of steel vessels.
Porto Rico appears in the returns with
twenty-five vessels of 5297 fons and Ha
waii with sixty-four vessels of 37,149 tons.
In the Philippines 2340 vessels of iU2,SSI
tons (of which 149 vessels are steam) are
under American protection. Until Con
gress has so enacted, the report says,
Philippine vessels are not vessels of the
United States.
Small American Cargoes.
Although registered American vessels
increased 62,635 tons during the year,
American vessels carried only 8.2 per cent
of our exports and imports, the smallest
percentage in our history. Our fleet of
ocean steamers in fofeign trade, the re
port says, is too small to be compared
with that of foreign nations. The fleets
of each of the four 'large British and
German steamship corporations exceeds
the American fleets in tonnage, mileage
and business. The tonnage built and
documented !n the United States during
the past fiscal year comprised 1580 vessels
of 453.469 gross tons.
The steel vessels under construction or
under contract during the current fiscal
year will much exceed similar tonnage
built in any previous year. The bureau
is advised of eighty-nine such merchant
vessels of 355.465 gross tons, to be valued
at about $36,000,000. Besides these seven
ty-one naval vessels of 281,148 tons' dis
placement are building. In this worl:
forty-four olants, with a capital of about
$68,000,000, employing about 46,000 men, am
engaged.
The American cost of building a steam
er of the Minnehaha type is $1,846,800, and
the British cost is $1,419,200. The Ameri
can cost of the smaller trans-Atlantic
caigo steamers will be $729,000, and the
British price ranges from $534,000 to $486,
00.
Wages on the Vessels.
The difference of wages on American
and foreign vessels is considered in
detail. The pay noil (excluding mas
ter), the report says, of 1580 men on the
steamship St. Louis is $11,300; of 427 men
on the British steamship Oceanic is $9900,
and of 900 men on the German steamship
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse $7715.
The report coi.tains a detailed statement
of the foreign voyages of American ves
sels last year, showing that the American
flag was seen much oftener in the North
Atlantic during President Jefferson's em
bargo (1805) or during the cruises of the
Alabama than at present. Foreign ship ¦
ping in our Pacific trade had doubled in
three years. The purchase of the Ley
land line is spoken of in the report as
evidence that American capital is willing
to invest in ocean steamships; that theic
is an advantage to .American exporter-?
in American control of ocean steamships,
even if not under the American flag, and
that in the coming development of our
ocean transportation facifities the union
of trunk railroad lines and steamship cor
porations will be an important factor.
Including the Leyland purchase, Ameri
can caDital owns fully 670:000 tons of
steamers under foreign flags, which in
actual carrying power exceed all Ameri
can vessels now engaged in foreign trade.
The War and Navy Departments also own
126,847 gross tons of foreign built trans
ports and colliers.
"The principal foreign and American
ocean mail contracts are printed in full,
and it is shown that at the present prices
of steamships British ocean mail contracts
are more advantageous for steamer ¦lines
than American contracts under the act of
1891.
Carnegie Now a Lord Rector.
LONDON, Nov. B.— Vice Chancellor
Donaldson of the University of St. An
drews announced to-day the unanimous
election of Andrew Carnegie as lord rec
tor. The students greeted the announce
ment with prolonged cheers and the sing
ing of "He's a Jolly Good Fellow." The
vice chancellor remarked that Carnegie's
election was with the approval of the
whole nation.
West Point Admission Regulation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— Secretary
Root has issued an order changing the
regulations relative to commissions to
West Point so that the academic board
may accept candidates who are graduates
of high schools or students of colleges
and universities without requiring them
to pass the mental examination pre
scribed by the department.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to refund money where It fails to cure any
case of piles, no matter of how long standing.
Cures ordinary caees In six days; the worst
cases in fourteen days. One application gives
ease and rest/ Relieves itching instantly. This
Is a new discovery and is the only pile remedy
sold on a positive guarantee, no cure, no pay.
A free sample will be sent by mail to any one
sending their name and address. Price, 50c. If
your druggist don't keep it in stock send us 500
in stamps and we will forward a full size box
by mail Manufactured by Paris Medicine Co
| St. Louis, Mo.. who also manufacture the celebra
ted cold cure. Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
IF SCHLEY IS DULY VINDICATED
HE MAY BECOME A VICE ADMIRAL
Friends Are Most Anxious That Congress Reward the
Distinguished Naval Veteran.
BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— lf the court of inquiry which has just fln
(T ished the takingof testimony relative to the conduct of Rear Admiral Schley during the Santiago campaign ab-
I . solves that officer from blame, or at most finds him guilty of only errors of judgment, a resolution will be
introduced in Congress reviving the grade of vice admiral for his benefit. Should the court report, on the
other hand, that Rear Admiral Sohley was censurable undtr several precepts, a Congressional investigation
is likely to be begun immediately after the session opens. It can be stated authoritatively that Secretary Long would
welcome such an investigation. In his communication to the the Secretary made no charge of cowardice
against Rear Admiral Schley. The Secretary rather believes him to be personally courageous. At the same time Long
stated that the commander-in-chief of the flying squadron lacked steadiness and push.
It has been alleged that Rear Admiral Crowninshleld, chief of the Bureau of Navigation, was head and front of
the naval conspiracy which sought to discredit Rear Admiral Schley. Rear Admiral Qrowninshield declares this charge
ridiculous and is prepared, his friends ass-crt, to show conclusively that he has not engaged in any • movement against
the admiral. It is asserted that the evidence presented before the court of inquiry has proven that there was no alter
ation of the records of the Spanish war— another charge made against Rear Admiral Crowninshield.
• As showing the fairness of the President and Secretary Long, it is understood that if the court's finding should
be favorable to Rear Admiral Schley, -.there will be no opposition to the movement by the latter's friends to secure
for him proper reward.
The court to-day began transferring effects jfrom the gunners' workshop in the navy yard to quarters in the Mc-
Lean building; which will be consulting quarters. No conference will be held before next Monday, as the members are
in need of a physical rest. The published testimony comprise^ more than 810,008 words. It is the purpose of the court
to make a brief of the testimony relating to each specification of the precept, and from this findings will be prepared.
SULTAN BOWS
BEFORE FRANCE
Timorous Turkey Yields
to All the Demands
Made.
• — ¦ — -
PARIS, Nov. B.— France has scored a
complete triumph in the Turkish dispute.
An official note was issued at 1 p. m. to
day to the effect that the Porte has de
cided to yield to all the demands of
France and that as soon as the Sultah
has issued an irad« ratifying the decision
the French squadron will leave Mitylene..
This may be done within twenty-four
hours, or it is expected at the latest in
two or three days.
President Loubet presided to-day at the
Cabinet council. The Foreign Minister,
M. Delcasse, announced that the Porte
had just informed him that it had de
cided to give satisfaction in the case of
the various French demands, in which M. .
Delcasse replied that so soon as the Sul
tan's order regarding the Porte's decision
was communicated to him Admiral Cail
lard's squadron would leave the island of
Mitylere.
The Temps prints a dispatch from Con
stantinople stating the Sultan has accept
ed the demands and authorizes and rec
ognizes the existence of religious and
charitable institutions, and he authorizes
the reconstruction of the schools and
hospitals destroyed in the time of the
Armenian troubles, of which a detailed
list is attached to the French note.
Tewfik Pasha, the Turkish Foreign Min
ister, has announced that the recognition
of the Chaldean Patriarch demanded by
France already has been accorded.
VIENNA, Nov. B.— The Neu Frie Presse
publishes the contents of a circular note
addressed by the Ottoman Minister,
Tewflk Pasha, to the representatives of
Turkey abroad, announcing that the
Porte nas satisfied all the French de
mands and expressing a hope that France
will appreciate the conciliatory spirit thua
displayed and resume the relations so un
fortunately interrupted.
STJLTAN IS WELL SCARED.
Success of France May Stir Other
Powers to Action.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— Turkey f s
hands will be frequently in her pockets
as a result of the naval demonstration
which France is making. This at least is
the opinion of the officials and diplomats
who have been considering the effect of
the French seizure of the island of Mity
lene. France is not the only European
power that has claims against Turkey,
and in view of the success of the French
method it would not be surprising should
other nations observe it in the collection
of their claims.
Should the responsibility for the abduc
tion of Miss Stone be finally placed with
Turkey, the United States will present a
claim for indemnity, and the French au
thorities here believe that the effect of
their naval demonstration will be to cause
the Porte to make arrangements for an
immediate settlement. So far as the State
Department is advised, none of the gov
ernments to which France communicated
her purposes in connection with the seiz
ure of Mitylene island have responded
unfavorably. Secretary Hay's reply to
the French representation was this:
"The United States is not concerned
with the action of* France, but should
American interests be endangered, if will,
of course, be necessary to provide them
with protection."
THE DAY'S DEAD,
J. Frank Clark.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. B.— J. Frank Clark,
father of George H. Clark, Mayor of Sac
ramento, died at 4 o'clock this afternoon,
after an illness of several v/eeks, at the
age of 72 years. * Mr. Clark was a native
of Yates County, New York. He came to
Sacramento in 1861, and had lived here
continuously since. He was elected Coun
ty Coroner in 1883 and served four terms.
Mr. Clark was prominent in Masonic cir
cles and was a member of Sacramento
chapter and commandery. He was also a
member of the Odd Fellows and Knights
of Pythias. T«'r. Clark was held in the
highest esteem by all classes and his death
removes one of Sacramento's most valued
citizens.
Owen McArdle.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. B.— Owen McArdle
of San Francisco, who arrived here last
week on a visit to his brother, Simon Mc-
Ardle of Bellevlew, died to-day after a
short illness. He was a native of Ireland,
59 years of age. . •
Mother "Bickerdyke.
BUNKER HILL, Kans., Nov. S.-
Mather Bickerdyke, of army fame, died
here this afternoon at the age of 84 years.
She was a nurse during the civil war.
Installs Its New Officers.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 8— The local Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society installed its new
officers in Young Men's Institute Hall in
this city to-day. The installation was per
formed by Grand President Miss Mary
Carr, Grand District Deputy Miss M. At
kinson and Grand Secretary Miss May
Conlin. Rev. Father Sesnon delivered an
address. The new officers are: President,
Mrs. Judge M. C. Dufficy: senior vice pres
ident, Mrs. Judge E. B. Majion; junior
vice president. Miss O'Neill; secretary,
Mrs. William Toner; treasurer. Miss M.
E. Boyd; financial secretary, Miss May
Schneider; executive committee, Miss M.
E. Boyd, chairman; Mrs. J. Manning, Mrs.
F. Spellman, Mrs. E. B. Mahon, Mrs. W.
Toner; chaplain, Father Sesnon.
New Pastor for Los Angeles.
LAPORTE, Ind., Nov. B.— The Rev. C.'
W. Huth has accepted a call to assume
the pastorate of the First Church of the
Nazarene at Los Angeles, Cal. He will
be accompanied to Los Angeles by M!;is
Nettie Springer, whq has accepted a po
sition as a member of the faculty of the
Missionary Training School there.
Stops the Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold In one .day. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
SEEK LETTERS
FROM BRIGANDS
Authorities of Bulgaria
Endanger Safety of
Miss Stone.
SOFIA, Nov. S.— The Government last
night caused the arrest of a man who
was visiting United States Consul General
Dickinson and searched him, presumably
thinking he was an emissary of the brig
ands and hoping to seize a communica
tion to or from Miss Ellen M. Stone. The
man was subsequently released.
This act of the authorities was seem
ingly a deliberate attempt to frighten del
egates who might visit Dickinson and
thus prevent negotiations from taking
place in Bulgarian territory. The attitude
of the authorities has hampered Dickin
son, as the brigands refuse to treat in
Turkey.
Dickinson, in his reply to Miss Stone's
letter, urged the brigands to still further
reductions in their demands and to accept
the amount subscribed, in view of the de
termination of the Government not to
contribute toward the ransom and the
impossibility of collecting further sub
scriptions. It is believed the brigands
will agree to this, as they are now begin
ning to feel hard pressed and want money
for current expenses, such as bribery of
officials, peasants and others.
The letter insists that the surrender of
the prisoners must precede or be" simul
taneous with the payment, but leaves the
question of the place open. A messenger
last night brought a letter from Miss
Stone, written in English. All the previ
ous communications from Miss Stone
have been in Bulgarian. This letter says
she is still well and gives valuable in
formation about her captors which Miss
Stone was prevented from sending in
Bulgarian.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 8.-All that can
be gathered here touching Miss Stone's
case is that the reports from the Levant
are to the effect that some kind of com
munication is being maintained, although
very indirectly, between Miss Stone's cap
tors and the power* to secure her release.
It is up,to this point believed the mission
aries themselves have been able to keep
up the line of communication.
INSTJLT TO UNCLE SAM.
Venezuela's President Forgets Cour
tesy in Accepting Offer From Chile.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— ln accepting
Chile's offer of mediation it is apparent
to the Washington administration that
President Castro of Venezuela desired t>
deliberately insult the United Stales. Of
ficial information of the acceptance of th >
Chilean mediation has been received here,
but in view of the terms fixed by Castro
there is no disposition here to credit
Chile with a -Jesire to pursue the matter
further. The United States offered to us.;
its good offices last August. The offer
was gratefully received uy Colombia,
which has insisted that it wants no for
eign war, but President Castro was un
willing to have the United States inter
vene.
Castro Is as much in need of external
peace, it is learned from an official
source, as is Colombia. His invasions oL
Colombia have been disastrous, and he U
just making headway against revolution
in his own territory. For him to now in
sist that Colombia shall make reparation
and pay damages for an invasion by Co
lombia of his territory is said by the
authorities here to be ridiculous.
Senor Herran, Charge d' Affaires of the
Colombian legation, said to-night that the
Chilean offer of mediation was made Ion;?
after the United States made known its
willingness to intervene and was cordial
ly accepted by Ms Government. The pre
tensions of President Castro are ridicu
lous, Herran said, and Colombia will cer
tainly not make reparation, because sh-j
is guilty of no offense.
The rebels in Colombia are encouraged
by the capture of the port of Tumaco.
The revolutionists took 400 or 500 soldiers
as prisoners, captured five or six cannon,
.a number of l'iffes and a quantity of am
munition, with one small ship, the Caitan.
Senor Herran says the loss of Tumaco Ie
unimportant to his Government, as it is
far away from Bogota.
PANAMA, Nov. B.— The revolutionary
gunboat Darien, which was captured
from the Colombian Government, recent
ly stopped the Telegrafo, a Government
vessel, proceeding- from David with troops
under Captain Delbusto. The Darien cap
tured the soldiers and arms and ammuni
tion. While she was towing away th 2
Telegrafo a barge bringing the remainder
of the federal troops to Fort Aguadalic3
came into sight. The Darien then let go
the Telegrafo and steamed at full spec 1
for Chorreva.
BOSTON WELCOMES
THE IRISH ENVOYS
Nationalist Members of Parliament
Given a Bousing Reception on
Their Arrival.
BOSTON, Nov. 3.— A great reception was
given the Irish envoys, John E. Redmond,
"M. P.,. P. A. McHugh, M. P., and Thomas
O'Donnell, M. P., as' they landed at the
terminal station from New York to-day.
The station platform was a mass of men.
held in check by a cordon of officers.
Within a roped inclosure were the mem
bers of the reception committee of the
United Irish League. As the trio came to
a stop and Redmond was seen on the car
steps cheers rang out loud and long.
Then there was a rush which swept away
the officers and nearly carried the vis
itors off their feet.
In a few minutes the crowd became
calmer, and, escorted by the reception
committee, the envoys were taken to
Hotel Bellevue, where they spent a quiet
evening informally rceiving visitors.
Burlington Will Shorten Time.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. B.— Beginning Novem
ber 24 the Burlington will shorten by
three hours the time of its Nebraska-
Colorado express from St. Louis. Kansas
City and St. Joseph to Denver. The east-,
bound schedule from Denver will also be
materially shortened.
Money for Auditorium Debt.
COLUMBUS, 0., Nov. B.— At the meet
ing of the general committee of the
Church Extension Board of the Methodist
Church to-day an appropriation of $10,000
for the relief of the Simpson Memorial
Auditorium at Los Angeles, Cal., was al
lowed.
ANTARCTIC ICE
BURS HER WAY
Sugar-Laden Bark Finds
a Barrier Below
Cape Horn.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. B.— The first
vessel to be caught in Antarctic ice this
season and within 100 miles of the Horn
was the sugar bark Nunanu, which docked
at the Spreckels Sugar Refinery to-day
after a run of 129 days from Honolulu.
After having encountered two severe
gales on the Pacific Ocean she was
stopped in the field Ice in the early part
of September while rounding Cape Horn
on her way to the Atlantic Ocean. Far
to the south the i£e could be seen. The
sea was smooth and there was no sign
of land. The weather was fair at the
time and this enabled the Nunanu to
work her way into clear water.
Captain Josslyn, the vessel's master
calculated that the ice was about #)¦)
miles south of Cape Horn. The Nunanu's
run was over 14,000 miles. She is the first
of a fleet of sugar-laden sailing vessels
bound from the Hawaiian Islands to Phil
adelphia and New York, which, it is said,
are to displace steamers, which have
found the trade unprofitable owing to the
long run.
PAYS FOR SPREE
WITH HIS LIFE
Slave to Liquor Habit
Carries Out Threat
of Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Nov. B.— Charles Adams
ended a life wrecked by strong drink at
Saltese, Mont., yesterday by shooting
himself through the head. Adams was
generally credited with a peaceable dis
position, but when aroused by liquor he
is said to have been almost a demon.
Time and again he would reform and his
friends would extend a helping hand, only
to see him fall again.
In the summer of 1900 Adams was work
ing in the beet fields at Waverlv. One
day he became engaged in an altercation
in a saloon with John Gaston. A blow
from Adams' fist sent Gaston to the floor
and the stricken man died soon afterward.
Adams was charged with manslaughter.
At the trial he was acquitted, the jury
deciding that he had acted in self-defense.
Adams was admonished by Judge Ricn
ardson on his drinking habits and the
young man seemed deeply impressed.
When Adams left the jail ne went to
Waverly and little was heard of him un
til he appeared in Spokane a few weeks
later on a spree. Sheriff Cole took charge
of the man and allowed him to sleep in
the County Jail for a few nights. Adams
again made promises of reformation.
While in the jail he was exposed to small
pox and contracted che disease. Then lie
was sent to the Pesthouae, a county
charge.
Adams left the Pesthouse on January 5
full of intention to lead a better life.
He made a friend of Superintendent Hos
ier and the latter obtained a position fnr
the young man in a mine near Saltese,
Montana. Adams declared to Hosier be
fore leaving that if he ever took to drink
again he would kill himself. Yesterday
Mr. Hosier received word from Saltese
that Adams had shot himself through the
head while recovering from a spree.
TAX ON ARTICLES OF
GENERAL CONSUMPTION
How England May Raise Revenues
to Defray the Costs of
War.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— The London cor
respondent of the Tribune cables the fol
lowing regarding the financial policy of
Great Britain: The presence of the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer on the platform
is not desired by financiers for consols go
down whenever he speaks, although he
contents himself with reminding the tax
payers that war is an expensive business.
They are wondering, however, whether he
will increase the income tax in commem
oration of coronation year, or widen the
area of indirect taxation. The price of
consols is affected by the certainty that
there will be borrowing operations on a
large scale.
The Unionist press, under the leader
ship of the Times, is prepared to welcome
a revenue tariff on many articles' in addi
tion to sugar and coal. What Mr. Cham
berlain would do is an open secret — he
would take advantage of the opportunity
for restoring ft gt nerai tariff and con
verting it into an Imperial zollverein. on
lines suggested by his famous speech be
fore the Cana U flub a few years ago.
Sir Michael Hick*- Beach lacks both cour
age and breadth of mind for a complete
transformation if England's financial
policy. He watches revenue returns more
closely than anybody else, and is said to
be convinced that the resources of direct
taxation are piacttcally exhausted, with
evidence that lean years are following fat
years.
A Unionist member of Parliament is
authority for the statement that Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach will not take a
backward step, but will increase the
sugar duties ..-nd tax other articles of
general consumption.
Killed Accidentally in Bathroom
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Mrs. Archibald S.
White, 40 years of age. wife of the presi
dent of the National Salt Company, was
found dead in the bath room of her resi
dence on West Eighty-sixth street to-day.
A sHp on the floor of the bath room
cav'jed her to fall backward, her head
striking the edse-of a marble basin, frac
turing her skull.
A corner in St. Louis that sold for $350,
00 in 1891 has Just changed hands for
$1,000,000.
PRESIDENT AND SENATOR HANNA
WORKING IN PERFECT HARMONY
Roosevelt and the Ohio Statesman in Ac
' cord on All Great Public Questions Ex
cept Concerning Legislation on Trusts
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jtt ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
,f N. W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. B.—
1 . This has been the most interest-
ing and possibly most important
day in the White House since
Roosevelt became President, because
Senator Mark Hanna of Ohio has fcr the
first time appeared upon the scene, has
been gTeeted by the President as an ar
fectionate son might greet a father, has
talked over matters of legislation with
important men in the administration and
has been entertained by the President at
dinner.
It would be putting it far too strongly to
say that the President and Senator Hanna
occupy the relations that President Mc-
Kinley and Senator Hanna did, but the
outcome of the visit of the Senator is that
he and the President thoroughly under
stand each other and each will have the
other's help. Coming on the heels of
Roosevelt's action In again upsetting the
Addicks machine in Delaware, to which
Senator Hanna had pledged his support
with the administration, this may seem
strange. It is nevertheless true that there
Is to be a strong community of interest
between the President and Senator Hanna
at this session of Congress at least.
Hanna Pledges Support.
Senator Hanr.a has pledged his heartiest
support to Roosevelt. The President will
consult Senator Hanna, as chairman of
the Republican National Committee, in
JILTED GIRL
HAS REVENGE
South Carolina Maid Pre
vents an Army Ap
pointment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— President
Roosevelt has decided that a man who
jilts a girl is. not entitled to an appoint
ment in the army, as such conduct may
be properly termed ungentlemanly, and
contrary to the beat interests of the ser
vice. He therefore refused to appoint for
mer Lieutenant William P. Crawford of
Camden, S. C, second lieutenant in the
regular army and thereby satisfied the
girl's friends, who have made a deter
mined fight against the young man's ap
pointment.
There is nothing against young Craw
ford on file save the fact that he refused
to marry the young woman to whom he
was engaged, and there would have been
no obstacle in the way of his appointment
had she not permitted her relatives and
friends to protest against his selection.
Cards Out for Wedding.
The case has caused considerable stir
at the War Department. Crawford served
during the war with Spain as a captain
of volunteers. He had a most creditable
record and was slated for appointment
last summer as second lieutenant of in
fantry along with hundreds of other
young officers serving in the Philippines.
When he became engaged to Miss Re
becca Douglass, of Camden, S. C the
wedding day was named, cards were is
sued and presents began to be received.
It was said that Crawford, who was the
publisher of a small newspaper in his
town, told his friends that unless he was
appointed he could not marry. His in
fluence in Washington seemed to insure
his selection and all his plans, therefore,
were completed for the event. Suddenly
Crawford changed his mind and told the
mother of the young woman he would
not marry her daughter, but assigned no
good reason for his change of purpose.
Conduct Not Gentlemanly.
Then it was that pressure was brought
on the authorities here to prevent his
being commissioned on the ground that
if he was guilty of such conduct he was
not entitled to associate with officers of
the army. Politicians and other influen
tial people of South Carolina took the
case up and brought it directly to the
President's attention.
The case is considered by the War De
partment officials as unique and is be
lieved to be the first on record where a
protest against the selection of an appli
cant for commissioned rank has been
based on precisely these grounds.
FIND GOLDEN ORE
ON FEDERAL GROUND
Precious Metal Discovered on the Site
of a Proposed Government
Building.
HELENA. Mont.. Nov. B.— A ledge of
free milling gold ore was struck to-day
while men were grading the foundation
for the United States federal building,
which is now under construction. The
ledge is a strong one of iron-staine 1
quartz containing free milling gold. The
Government when letting the contract
for the Government building explicitly
stipulated that any finds of mineral made
by the contractor should go to the Gov
ernment. This is the second strike of
rich ore made within the Helena city Hm
its within the last thirty days. The
ground through which the ledge runs is
in the best residence district of Helena.
Surrenders to the Sheriff.
SEVIERVILLH. Term., Nov. B.— Bob
Cattlett has given himself up to the Sher
iff of Sevier County to answer the charge
of being an accomplice in the murder o*
William Whaley and wife in 1897. Plea
Wynn and Catilett Tipton were hanged
in July, 1899, as the principals in the
crime, and it was charged that Bob Catt
lett had paid them a sum of money to get
Whaley and h!3 wife out of the way.
Cattlett is one of the wealthiest meh in
Sevier County.
Paunoefote Talks of Treaty.
WASHINGTON. Nov. B.— Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador, had a half
hour's talk with Secretary Hay in regari
to the preparation of the new Hay-
Pauncefote treaty. It is expected, in view
of the progress that has been made, that
the convention may be concluded the lat
ter part of next week.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism
What is the use of telling the rheumatic
that he feels as if his joints were being dis-
located?
He knows that his sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the rack.
What he voanU to know Is what will per-
manently cure his dwease.
That, according to thousands of grateful
testimonials, is
Hood's Sarsaparilta
It promptly neutralizes the acid In the
blood on which the disease depends, com-
pletely eliminates it, and strengthens the
system against its return. Try Hood's.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
i^EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
» modeled and renovated. KING WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day
$5 to S8 week; $8 to 120 month. Free baths :
hot and cold water every room: Jlr» grates i n
every room; elevator runs all night.
matters of party policy. On large ques
tions the two men appear to be together,
with the possible exception of how trusia
are to be treated. Even this difference
may be reconciled. This exception con
stitutes the very important news of Sena
tor Hanna's visit. The great Ohio man
ager satd in the campaign of 1900. Thera
are no trusts." He holds that great in
dustrial combinations are the natural out
growth of national prosperity and are
essential to America's fight for supremacy
in the markets of the world. He would
let matters go on just aa they are with
out saying anything to Congress about
trusts and without seeking to curb them
or meddle with them in any way. »,
President Roosevelt ia of the impressionf J
that Congress ought to do somethi
not in the way of regulating trusr
least in the way of making it posaib.a
for investors to know exactly the s<
securities they are buying when they put
their money in industrials. It is the pur
pose of the" President, unless convnv
its inexpediency, to deal with this ques
tion in his message to Congress. He has
been devoting much time to getting; in
formation about corporations.
No one expects that Roosevelt will fa
vor legislation to break up trusts and
other great combinations, but he Is ex
pected to bear down very severely on cer
tain methods pursued by many persons
and to make recorrimendations that, in
his opinion, will improve conditions and
protect the public.
Harmony on Legislation.
As to all other questions there is ap
parent harmony between Senator Hanna
and President Roosevelt.
Roosevelt Is in favor of carrying: out
President McKinley's policy of reciproc
ity. Treaties that were before the last
Senate, with some additional conventions,
will be pressed in the Senate.
President Roosevelt is in favor of the
new Hay-Pauncefote treaty now bein*
negotiated. Senator Hanna is expected t >
aid that treaty in every way. President
Roosevelt is not convinced of the wisdom
of opening up the question of tariff re
vision. Senator Hanna will try to per
suade the President that the tariff should
not be touched, and he will not hays
much trouble in doing it.
President Roosevelt and Senator Hanna
stand together on the question of an isth- *
mian canal, which was indorsed in the
Republican national platform adopted in
Philadelphia.
ADVEBTISS2CENTS. .
A Daily Nuisance
A Simple Remedy Which Will In-
\_ terest Catarrh Sufferers.
In its earlier stage* catarrh Is more of
a nuisance than a menace to the general
health, but sooner or later, the diseaM
extends to the throat, bronchial tubes
and even -to the stomach and intestines.
Catarrh is essentially a disease of the*
mucous membrane, the local symptoms
being a profuse discharge of mucus,
stoppage of the nostrils, Irritation in
throat, causing coughing, sneezing, gag-
\ ging and frequent clearings of the threat
and ' head.
' The usual treatment by local douches,
snuffs, salves, etc., often gives temporary
relief, but anything like a cure can only
be obtained by a treatment which removes
the catarrhal taint from the blood and
the disappearance of ' the inflammation
from the mucous surfaces.
A new remedy which meets these re-
quirements and which so far ha 3. been re-
markably successful in curing catarrh la
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
These tablets act upon the blood and
mucous membranes only. They can hard-
ly be called . a secret patent medicine as
they are -composed of such valuable rem-
edies as Sanguinaria, Hydrastin, Eucalyp-
tol and similar cleansing antiseptics which
cure by eliminating from the blood and *
mucous surfaces the catarrhal poison.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are" large
pleasant tasting lozenges taken internally
allowing them to dissolve slowly In the
mouth; in this way they reach the throat
fauces and the entire alimentary canal *
If desired, they may also be dissolved
in water and used as a douche. In addi-
tion to the internal use, but it is not at
all necessary to use a douche; a few of
them dissolved in the mouth daily will
be sufficient. However, . when there la
much stoppage of the. nose, a douche
made from these tablets will give imme-
diate relief, but the regular daily use in-
ternally of these tablets will cure the
whole catarrhal trouble without resortinir
to the inconvenience of a douche
Dr. Bement states "that the internal
treatment for catarrh is rapidly taking
the place of the old- plan of douching and
local application and further says z
probably the best and certainly the safest
remedy at present on the market Is Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets, as no secret Is
made of their composition and all th©
really efficient remedies for catarrh ara
contaired in this tablet."
Druggists sell- Stuart's Catarrh Tablet*
;at fifty cents for full sized packages. Ask
your druggist and if he is honest he will
tell you there i* no safer, more palatable,
more efficient and convenient remedy ca
the market.
v^S^: DR. MEYERS & CO.
i^s^^\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEV
/ >§f gm %«J \ Established 1?S1: Con-
r ' ' I saltation and private CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN
Established ISBI. Con-
sultation and private book
I I free at office or by mail.
\ ' Ffflfflßg ' / Cures guaranteed. - j
\£ssf&/ 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CA:.
DIRECTORY
. OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Llst3 Mailed
. on Application.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strati.*
ft Co. lest' A 1852). 1? and 19 Fremont at.; upoa
Installment or rented: also beer apparatus
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRQ*.
J.CWILSON&CQ., ' *» Battery Strw.
• V^TT IL JVil tt WV'» Ttlepnon* Main VSt*.
FRESH A.ND SALT MEATS.
lAC RliY(^£f J Shipping Butcher*. 1H
J A 2' DV IC3 C WU- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
t OILS.
LUBRICATTNO OILS. LEONARD ft KT.T.IfI.
, . 413 Front St.. 8. F. Phone Main ITU.
PRINTING.
E C nimiiCy PI Sansom> »t.. 8. t-4
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, i
' ill HiCA-S-JUDD CO..
» First street. San Tr%Mo\mm. /BANK DEPOSITORS ARE JOYFUL
OVER ARREST OF ST. JOHN DIX
Eventfu Histpry of the Man Who Is Held in
London on a Warrant Issued by the
Police Authorities of Washington, D. C.
j OKDOK. Nov. S— At Bow Street
PoHce Court H. St. John Dix was
charged on a provisional warrant
1 m^ with larceny committed in the
United Stales. It is alleged that
he obtained control of three banks in
.shingrton in 19<.>0 and that
aentty wrecked the Scandi
at Whatcom,
. and disappeared with over $SOOO.
WHATCOM. Wash., Nov. S.— H. St.
Dix. or H. St. John, as he was
¦ . who was arrested in London
¦Mating for wrecking the Scandi
: -American Bank of this city and
I Blame at Blame, Wash., has
: <ldom found outside of fiction.
£ to his own story related to
. friends here he is the eldest
British peer and entitled to sue
to the peerage upon his father's
He was one of the principals in
tffmir, when that ship left the
•' • San Diego, Cal., during the late
war in Chile, loaded with munitions
it for the insurgents, after the Amer
'.Jovernment had prohibited her de
re. She was chased and captured
American man-of-war and St. John
¦ nrown into prison at Valparaiso,
where he was released through the in-
Jluenee of the British Minister there.
Marched With Coxey.
The next affair of prominence in which
lie played a leading role was in the march
>f Coxey s army from Massillon. Ohio,
lo the national capital. He accompanied
:;t in the capacity of commissary general,
acting at the same time as correspondent
of or.c of the Chicago papers. Afterward
he became mixed up with some irrigation
schemes in Arizona. Prior to any of
these events h€ was a townsite boomer in
Kansas, where he ran all of the princi
pal institutions, including a bank.
He first appeared here in the capacity
cf a newspaper correspondent. Shortly
afterward he borrowed $9000 from a Seat
Ue bank, with which to buy a controlling,
interest in the Scandinavian- Ajnerican
Bank of this city. The bank records
show that he paid $3000 for the use of thjs
money for eight days. He then took the
deposits of the Scandinavian-American
Bank and purchased the Bank of Blaine-.
Then he bought the CitirenB 1 National
Bank of Fairhaven. Wash. He had
¦ a d a plan for the establishment of a
string of banks to reach from Vancouver,
P. C. to San Diego. Oal. Negotiations
had been entered into for banks in Seat
aroma and Everett, and some of
had nearly reached the point of
rnmation. His expensive style o f
living, however, had alarmed many dc
rs. who had withdrawn their ac
counts.
Follovred to the East.
he end was near he fled
ity, telling his associates that
- :¦:? to sret heip and that he had
:.surance policy in London that
sd. His attorney became
ious and followed him to New York.
he turned over to him some pic
:r.g them to be priceless
• cient Italian master, bui
have since proved to be practically
. '•• m?r. whom he left
arfc of his institutions were ar
and are now awaiting trial under
ApvzaTiszMEirrs..
'Wi woman
v^vvv^ what she would
w P(£\VV V 9eU her health
&V r^,A ( \\ \>• or and she would tell
V A' \\v\ \ you that the choicest
W '^3 \\\ \ diamonds in the world
I *% \\ . could not buy it. What
& MJfM \'\ use for diamond rings to
Nn I emphasize the shrunken
'JVy&MJ \ fingers, or earrings to light
I'^Nil up the cheeks. hollowed by
jklflL) disease ?
¦mHF Health is the first requisite
BK to womanly happiness. General
l^&Evill-health in women has its ori-
N-\m gin in local womanly diseases.
Bf Cure the diseases of the delicate
*«F | womanly organism and the gen-
t£ I eral health is perfectly restored.
dp The remarkable benefits ex-
Af 3 perienced from the use of Dr.
(IV Pierce s Favorite Prescription
raj i are due to this medicine's per-
9 feet cures of womanly diseases.
/or It establishes regularity, dries
V weakening drains, heals inflam-
If mation and ulceration and cures
V* female weakness.
¦Jl "It affords me great pleasure to be
l?k able to say a few words in regard to
VI the merits of Dr. Pierces Favorite
\j Prescription and his ' Golden Medical
If Discovery,' writes Mrs. Flora Am, of
1 Dallas, Jackson Co., Mo. "I was
M tempted to try these medicines after
la seeing the effect upon my mother. At
iM an early stage of married life I was
Bm greatly bothered with painful peri-
fw ods. also a troublesome drain which
/ * rendered me very weak and unfit for
Bf work of any kind. I became so thin
'Ik there was nothing left of me but^kin
vO^ and bone. My husband became
Vs| alarmed and got me a bottle of 'Fa-
\l vorite Prescription.' After he saw the
I wonderful effects of that one he got
A me two more, and after I used those
Mk up there was no more pain, and I be-
n gan to gain in flesh very rapidly."
>*? ¦ Favorite Prescription " makes
weak women strong, sick women
2j^ well. Acccept no substiute for
medicine which works won-
<sS&&&j£S*>. A. ers for weak
&B2S^Sgs^/%^ women.
•OHO*BH<EA ASO UEIKAKT DISCHARGES
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
fIUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q) ::::uiSiET:r.t»:.6:h*7u.£.r.CA:. I
\ Of The Lirtest Anatomical Museum in the \
6. /jL World. *V«akne»fes or any contracted m
V {Pt'iM «sea« p*»ll>««- 1 r«<! r,v the W
{. /?£3?-?>j bpecuJist on the Coast. Eat 36 yean. <p
M lip I OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
J t(?*3tbn Consultation free «nd itiirtly private. \
fl J*fjg n Treatment personally or by letter. A n
C flr <?| Cf Potion* Cure in erery case undertaken. ¦ T
Pi llm Write for Boole. Z»HJI-O«Ol-air of A
I ll'* BtBRUCE, li AILED FREE. ( A. V
X & I}- valuable book (or men) \
r Hit. .?ORI»A.N A to- 1051 Market !st..S. F. V
— — Ml «i« • non-poieemocß
- V^HSttß^Bb^Jl remedy for GoDorrhoe*,
OJeet, Spermatorrhoea,
MWmr CUP.ES White*, unnatural di»-
/i£i?#ii l to • dtr»- VJ chnrfro*, or any inflamma-
rCafy Oumitat«4 to ™ tion, irritation or ulccra-
fe«-<SrrtTe«ccni»sion. tion of mncoui mem-
|^7rfE£vANSCHE«ISAtCO. branes. licD-aclringt-nt.
EaE££ v* —**• — '¦
m&C:HC:M»AH.e.BII^ or scat in p!»in wrapper,
£_ -v c. s. *¦¦ &¦• l>y express, prepaid, for
tfSKSSfc-_-^arviS #1.00, or 3 bottlea, f2.75.
V^CiEBBsiB? i & i iS Circular tent on request.
heavy bonds. Thirty days ago his attor
ney went to England to try and effect a
settlement with his family. Last M,on
day a letter was received from Dix of
fering to settle with the depositors on a
basis of 25 per cent cash and the remain
der in three equal quarterly payments.
The failure of his institutions, without a
dollar being left in the vaults, caused the
most intense indignation among the de
positors, who formed a committee to ef
fect his arrest, and who have spent much
money to accomplish it. The receiver of
his institution* has called a meeting of de
positor* for next Monday to adopt suit
able resolutions of rejoicing at his cap
ture.
Tie Victim to a Tree.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. B.— An unusual
case of highway robbery occurred twelve
miles from Mayer, a little town in the
Bradshaw Mountains. Monday afternoon
when two Mexican.* held up Matt Welch,
and relieving him of $50 in cash, tied him
to a tree and made their escape. It was
several hours into the night when Welch
succeeded in freeing himself from the
ropes that held him. He traveled to
Mayer, which is the nearest telegraph
point, and informed the Sheriff at Pres
cott. A posse is scouring the hills for
the highwaymen.
CALVE APPEARS
UNDER PROTEST
Only Urgent Pleading
Induces Her to
Sing.
Special Dispatch to The Csu\.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— The Herald
says: We did not see or hear Calve at
her best. She was palpably "off color."
The secrets of a prima donna's entour
age are as jealousiy guarded as the in
trigues of a court, but it is perfectly true
that Calve was induced to appear last
night only by the most urgent pleas.
Calve is not used to transcontinental
travel, and the trip from New Orleans to
Los Angeles, after a weeks indisposition
in the south, exhausted her strength or
at least racked those nerves which are
supposed to v be inseparable from the high
est strung artistic temperament.
The prima donna's throat troubled her
yestercay morning, and she did not want
to sing in the evening. Fritzi Scheff. orig
maJly bmtd to sing Micaela, was also
under the doctor's care. And so the man
agement, with Napoleon Grau 50C miles
«iway. was at its wit's end
.Finally Calve yielded, and, in a.! Jos
tice, it must be said, she tried to earn
her night's wage. But she was at pains
to let the audience into at least a shaie
of her troubles. In the first act sht be
haved bravely, and, while she did not tax
her voice, was far from being the disap
pointment that she subsequently proved
In the second act something hart agaii'
disturbed mademoiselle's nerves. She even
left the stage for a few seconds, pr. sum
ably to protest against a draft that blew
across the stage. Calve never once reallr
aroused her house, and, sensitive person
that she is, she was quick enough to re
alize it.
Campanari received an ovation after
the toreador song and fairly won the hon
ors of the evening, dividing a share o'
them with Marylli, who. as Micaela
made a most favorable impression with
a voice of rare clearness and beauty
These incidents, obviously enough did
not add to Calves satisfaction with her
self.or with her audience.
Charged With Murder.
Richard Menander. longshoreman, who
is charged with murder, appeared before
Judge Cabaniss in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday and was Instructed as to his
rights. As no complaint was on file, the
case was continued till November 35 Men
ander is accused of fatally stabbing Frenz
E. Paterson. a marine painter, in a sa
loon ait Battery and Sansome streets.
Eesidence Entered by Burglar.
The residence of Herbert Dyer, 315 Lo
cust avenue, was entered by a burglar
Thursday night. The only thing stolen
was a pair of trousers, containing a buncn
of keys. Mrs. Dyer found the front door
partly open yesterday morning, and it is
supposed the burglar had opened the door
with the aid of a skeleton key.
« ? ¦
What Was Due the Professor.
She was a normal school girl and had
taken the regents' examination in Latin.
Comely, well-dressed, alert, and rather
"proper" in her mannerisms, she woui-1
no doubt take great offense if told that
she was so addicted to slang that she
dropped into it without having any more
than a subconscious knowledge of the
fact. And yet this is what happened. The
examination was ever and the papers
were being collected.
"Miss ," said the chief examiner to
the young woman-, "did you not look on
Miss 's paper for answers to these
questions?"
"No, sir," snapped the girl, with eyes
ablaze.
"Well. Professor thought he saw
you do so."
"Well. Professor has another think
coming," retorted the candidate, who ex
pects some day to have in her care a part
of the growing population of New York
City.— New York Times.
High Ocean Waves.
Some interesting details as to the
height of waves recorded on the east
coast of Scotland have Just been com
municated to the Institution of Civil En
gineers by William Shield, the engineer
at the Peterhead harbor works, where
the records were taken. During a storm
from the southeast, veering to east
southeast, the velocity of the wind rose
from fifty-seven to eighty-nine miles per
hour witlfln the thirtv-slx hours. The
waves, carefully measured by instru
ments, were found to be irregular both
as to height and length, but wave after
wave passed, having its crest quite un
broken, fully twenty-two feet six inches
above the still-water level. Assuming
the troughs to be as far below the still
water level as their crest was above it
the height of the waves would thus be
forty-five feet.
An Athletic Queen.
The Queen of Portugal is probably the
most athletic Queen in the world. She
greatly enjoys an oceaji swim, and nearly
every morning during the hot weather,
when at home, she may be seen at Cas
caes. swimming farther out to sea than
any one else. She may almost be counted
as an English woman, for she was born
thirty-six years ago at Twickenham,
where her mother went to live when her
father was banished from France.
"Did that impudent young man call
here during my absence, Maria?"
"Yes, papa."
"He did! Well, all I've got to say is
that he is as stupid as old Cervera. He
made a mistake and he ought 'to be
ashamed of it."
"A mistake, father?"
"Yes, a mistake. It's just as Adm'ra 1
Sampson says— had no business to leal
me to believe he would come at some
other time, and then come as soon as i
left home. He's a regular Cervera, .that's
what he Is!"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"What makes you so positive that he Is
from the country?" asked the first Brook
lyn girl.
"Well." responded the second Brookyln
grir], "when he called on me last nig-ht he
blew out the parlor gas."— Newark News.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
SAN RAFAEL TALENT WINS PLAUDITS
IN COMEDY "DIAMONDS AND HEARTS"
Readers' Club Benefit for the High School Pleases an Audi
ence That Fills the Opera-House in the Marin County
Metropolis and Brings Out Rare Histrionic Ability
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. S.— A large
and appreciative audience gath
ered in the opera-house in this
city to-night to witness an en
tertainment given by the Reau
i ers" Club for the benefit of the local High
School. Nearly all who took part wore
pupils of that institution.
The entertainment opened with several
piano selections . by Miss Edna Murray,
who received much merited applause.
Miss Ethel Robinson sang herself into fa
vor and was recalled several times. Next
there were some Shakespearean selec
tions. Colonel S. Shakespeare ably Imper
sonating his namesake. He was assisted
by Miss Irene Robinson. Miss Camille Shi
rard and Miss Louise Schneider. The en
tertainment concluded with the little com
GENTLY REARED
WOMAN'S PLUCK
Mary Clagett Opens a
Barber Shop in
Spokane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Nov. B.— Mary Clagett,
daughter of the late Judge Clagett, has
opened a barber shop in Spokane — the only
woman's shop in Washington. By the
laws of the International Barbers' Union
she is barred from entering the union. She
recently applied and was refused admis
sion.
The little woman comes of a distin
guished family. She is a daughter of the
late Judge William H. Clagett of this city,
who wa.s one of the best-known men of
the West and whose fame as a lawyer
and political orator has been told around
many a campiire since the days of '49.
Judge Clagett once presented a certificate
of election to the Senate of the United
States, but was not seated, owing to a
technicality in His election. The place
went to Fred Dubois. Judge Clagett rep
resented Montana in Congress at one
term.
Miss Clagett had learned the barber
trade in Chicago. After her father's deatn
she came here and sought work, though
her family strongly objected to this
means of her earning a living.
"I don't blame the boys in the local
union for barring me out," says she. "I:
is a rule of their international union an 1
they have no voice in the matter. Many
of them have been most kind to me per
sonally, but the shops here employ none
but members of the union, and the union
will not let me in. It was as a last resort
that I opened this shop of my own. I
couldn't do anything else — I had to mak;
a living and barbering is my trade. It is
the only thing I can work at."
What Is Your Birth Month?
If a girl is born in January she will be
a prudent housewife, given to melancholy,
but good-tempered. '
If in February, a humane and affection
ate wife and tender mother.
If in March, a frivolous chatterbox,
somewhat given to quarreling.
If in April, fnconsistent, not Intelligent,
but likely to be good looking.
If in May. handsome and likely to be
happy.
If in June, impetuous, will marry early
and be frivolous.
If in July, passably handsome, but with
a sulky temper.
If in August, amiable and practicable
likely to marry rich.
If in September, discreet, affable and
much liked.
If in October, pretty and coquettish and
likely to be unhappy. . ,
If in November, liberal, kind, of a mild
disposition.
If in December, well proportioned, fond
of novelty and extravagant.— Kansas City
Times. "
Shipping Silver to Mexico.
It is an instance of carrying coals to
Newcastle that refined silver is now being 1
shipped in considerable quantities from
the United States to the neighboring re
public of Mexico, whose silver production
is very large. It comes abont by the fact
that excessive exportations of silver coin
from Mexico to the Orient has caused a
decided stringency in the Mexican money
market. Many of the banks felt the
effect, and it was difficult to obtain lonr.P
For a time a scarcity of silver in Mexico
caused a rise in the price of coined silver
but now the demand is better supplied'
and the money condition has been re
lieved. Mexico has the right of way in
supplying the people of China, Japan the
Philippines and India, and, in fact, ali the
East with silver coinage. The people of
Asia seem to have unlimited confidence in
the integrity of Mexican coinage.— New
Orleans Dally States.
edy, "Diamonds and Hearts." The cast
was as follows:
Bernice Halstead Miss Mattie Bowne
Amy Halstead Miss May Dollar
Inez Gray Miss Catherine Guard
Mrs. Halstead Miss Maud Fiorl
Hannah Mary Barnes.. Miss Gertie McGee
Sara Louisa Miss Mamie Bown?
Dwight Bradley O. Short
Doctor Burton T. P. Boyd
Abraham Barnes H. J. Koch
Attorney E. Millard
Sheriff L, Hughes
It was here that the Readers' Club dis
tinguished itself. All the young ladies
acted well. Miss Mamie Bowne in her
Topsy part as "Sara Louise" proved that
she has much more than ordinary ability.
The entertainment lasted until a late
hour. It was a success and the young
ladies of the Readers' Club are just'y
proud of the achievement.
SLAYER FLEES
IN HIS SLOOP
Tug Carries Officers in
Pursuit of a Mur
derer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. B.— Tom Netes,
a Greek fisherman, was murdered early
this morning. He was stabbed to death by
Frank Nicholas, another Greek fisherman,
who, like himself, lived in one of the
shacks clustered on Turret Rock, fronting
the upper harbor. The body of the mur
dered man, who died in less than a half
hour after the constables brought him
to the city lock-up, lies at the City Morgue
and out on the water of the straits the
murderer is endeavoring to escape in his
hshing sloop from constables Tvho are
pursuing on the tug Sadie. So far he has
eluded the officers, but It Is hardly likely
that he will escape.
The tragedy was the result of a quarrel
between the two fishermen. The men were
seen fighting by another fisherman, who,
with the brother of the murdered man,
is assisting in the search for the murderer.
The police believe Nctes was intoxi
cated when they found him, but when they
reached the station it was found that he
was wounded In the abdomen. He fell
back dead just as his brother came in and
clasped him In his arms.
Bates Knows Nothing Officially.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. B.— General John C
Bates, commanding the Department of
Missouri, was shown a Denver dispatch
stating he would probably be put in tem
porary command of the Department of.
Colorado, and replied: "I have no official
notice of such an arrangement."
ADVERTISEMENT^
If ] J^\ 00 uc ' v Housework ~ |
¦ Vi I ' m '¦/.'.- wrecks a woman's nervous system. The constant care of young children, added to this, soon £
H \^ JJ /f^™)mg^i^c^| g breaks the health of the strongest woman. The haggard faces in thousands of homes tefl the \
H =£::::^ r '^^MaW^^^Si 81 s * or °' * nc over ' wor^ e< * housewife and mother. Excessive work in stores and offices gives the same 5
I ¦¦ y\lflf*////ln yESL ¦ " S3 d' 0U * " feeling. Deranged menses result from overwork and exposure aftd falling of tho
M f }*~ZM§JIfinL y5 fir womb, leucorrhoea and all the attendant ailments soon follow. Every little strain centers in the *
jH f^^ 7 //lnPTrrs^ si B abdomen and gives insufferable pain to the woman who has allowed herself to become run down I
«' ; : J.'J If I All i Mm on account of her exciting duties. Every housewife needs • .
I m W I I WINEo'CARDUI I
M 1511 1/ Imm M to regulate her menstrual flow, to reinforce her strength and to keep her sensitive female organs in J
M 'BnJil / Atom m P cr cc * condition. The Wine is doing this for thousands of women today. It cured Mrs. Jones I
if <^^!ot/ Will Iwßfwi A completely and that is why she writes this frank letter i V >
S '^'jSuM jI 7 I worn Ss Glsndbato, St.. Feb. 10, 1301.
if &§& \\l if I JeES. I » lam so glad that yonr Wine of Cardni is helping me. lam feeling better than I have felt for & '
SB Jffli'W llf 1} . • '¦f r^:W j*3 ears - I» m doing my own work without any help and I washed last week and was not one bit tired. Xc
MB "SBHr^/ll 1V : M '¦¦•'¦'¦ jL . Al Eg That shows that Wine of Cardui is doing me good. lam getting fleshier than I ever was before K5
9 iWlflill 1A n li Wi'i"'' Ml '¦ SI and sleep good and eat heartily. Before I began taking Wine of Cardai I used to have to lie dowa •"-
'Kg ' "- ¦^t^ajtSpSfflL| m ' -Jl '\1 H ~ five or B * x tiraea every day but now Ido not think of lying down through the day. «9
if '11 \ \ H i Your druggist sells $1.00 bottles of Wine of Cardui. |
leL ¦ . Jn For advice and literature, address, firing symptoms, "The Ladle*' Advisory jB,
' '%«3X ' •"* . ' • '/trßk. Department", The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Cnatwnooga, Term. /fdtir
GROUP OF MEMBERS OF THE
READERS' CLUB IN SAN RA
FAEL.
CONSIDINES GIVES
FOE NO QUARTER
Meredith Dazed When
Fatal Shots Are
Fired.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Nov. B.— Testimony to-day
in the trial of John W. Considine for the
murder of ex-Chief of Police Meredith
was devoted to the • fatal struggle in
Guy's drug store on June 25, several wit
nesses testifying that Meredith had been
rendered dazed and helpless by the blows
rained upon his head by Thomas Consi
dine and had lost motive and reasoning
power when John Considine fired the
fatal shot. Evidence as to the interval
between Meredith's last shot and Consi
dine's first was conflicting, but the whole
tended to show that Meredith's hands
were hanging at. his side and he was lean
ing against a showcase when John
pressed close to him and fired three shots
in quick succession into his body.
H. M. Hammond, the missing telegraph
operator, who will testify to a first shot
outside the drug store, arrived to-night
YAQUI SIGNAL FIRES BURNING
ON MOUNTAINS NEAR GUAYMAS
Citizens of the Mexican Town, Fearing a Night
Attack, Post Scouts on Surrounding Hills
to Give Them Warning of Any Danger
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ariz.. Nov. B.— Great fires
I have been burning upon the moun
tains surrounding Guaymas this
il week, according to Correo de So
nora, a Mexican paper, which ar
rived to-day. The city is illuminated by
night and ominous sounds are heard from
the mountains, where hundreds of Yaqui
braves are holding weird ceremonies over
their dead, killed in La Tuna Canyon by
Mexican cavalry during the recent battle.
A large posse has been stationed at a
point where the approach of the Indians
upon the town can be seen and warning
given in case an attack is attempted dur
ing the night.
The Indians have kept up a continual
warfare, raiding ranches and driving off
horses and cattle. Women who go to the
river every day to wash clothing were at
tacked and their clothing stolen by In
dians. Ranches have been desolated, and
there is scarcely a horse left at the ha
ciendas, all of them having fallen into
the hands of the Yaquis. The Indians
have stolen sufficient corn and other pro
visions to last them many months and
MRS. DUNSMUIR
SUES HER SON
Demands Property ol
British Columbia
Premier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. B.— Mrs. Jane
Olive Dunsmuir, widow of the late Hon.
R. Dunsmuir, founder of the fortune of
British Columbia's wealthiest family, has
entered an action against her son, Hon.
James Dunsmuir, Premier of British Co
lumbia, which involves a portion of the
big estate. Mrs. Dunsmuir asks for the
delivery of 4995 shares in the R. Duns
muir Company (limited), which controls
the Esquimau ana Northern Railway,
Wellington collieries. Comox and Exten
sion mines, collieries, coasting steamers
and an immense amount of other prop
erty. She claims that she is entitled to
these under an agreement which she en
tered into with the defendant and her
other son, the late Alexander Dunsmuir.
in September, 1596. She also wants an ac
count of all dividends and profits upon
said shares from January 31, 1900, and
payment of same to her, with interest.
The shares mentioned in the action are
believed to be those left by the late Alex
ander Dunsmuir to his brother, and the
action in no way affects the fortune left
by Alexander Dunsmuir to his widow and
by her to her daughter, Edna Wallace
Hopper, the actress.
Victory for Marin County..
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. B.— lt took a jury
about ten minutes in Judge Angellotti's
court here this afternoon to decide that
the county was nor. indebted to the con
stables and justices of Sausalito for work
performed by them in catching tramps.
The suit against the county was for
claims aggregating m.ire than $1000. The
trial lasted several days and the methods
of tramp catching were fully exploited.
In his charge to the jury this afternoon
Judge Angellotti disposed of about $SOO of
the claims by ruling that the justices
could not recover fees when their records
were incomplete or when they had sim
ply ordered a man to leave town.
Rio Grande Moves Its Trains.
DENVER, Nov. B.— Manager Herbert of
the Denver and Rio Grande system, re
ports that, notwithstanding the strike of
the switchmen, the company's trains have
been moving to-day with very little delay.
He says that 85 per cent of the places
made vacant by the strike have already
been filled. The strikers claim that the
switching has been done to-day by yard
masters and other officials of the road and
that the service has been very seriously
crippled.
Union of Olive Growers.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. B.— Permanent or
ganization of the Southern California
Olive Growers' Association was effected
at a meeting of olive growers to-day. Its
purpose is to promote the olive industry,
rind a market for the oil and fruit and
to maintain a market price that will make
the business of olive culture remunerative
to those engaged in it.
English Company Loses Concession.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, Nov. B.— The
appellate division of the Supreme Court
sustains the aroitrators In declaring that
the English company which had obtained
the concession has forfeited the right to
exclusive steam navigation of the San
Juan River and Lake Nicaragua.
Fallbrook Postoffice Robbed.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. S.— Burglars forced
an entrance early this morning into the
postoflice in Fallbrook, this county. They
blew open the safe, took out $200 and es
caped. This is the third time the Fall
brook postoffice has been robbed.
from Simcoe. Wash., in the company of
a Deputy Sheriff. He will testify to-mor
row. The other witnesses will be the
widow of Meredith and Judge Griffin of
the Superior Court, who was in the drug
store during* the affray.
have left the rancners with no horse*
with which to pursue them.
When the tires appeared on trie moun
tains surrounding '.It. ay mas a posse was
organized, comprising business men and
others, but it found that the Indians oc
cupied a position from which they could
stand off thousands of men successfully.
The Guaymas force returned unable to
accomplish anything, and the Yaquis con
tinue to hold war dances on the moun
tains, almost before the eyes of the peo
ple :hey have vowed vengeance upon. '
The Yaquis have the best horses in the
valley and are well armed and prepared
to battle against the Mexicans, who, they
ekum. are trying to drive them from th«
land which they haw held for genera
tions. The Yaquis sent word to the Mex
icans that they do not propose to yield.
San Antonio de Abajo, a hacienda, not
far from Guaymas. was completely looted
a few days ago. every particle of grain
and every horse being taken. Cowboys
have been set afoot at many ranches. The
Yaquis, it is said, are sending horses anu
supplies back to their stronghold in Ya
nui Valley for wanton who will loin. the
bands in the mountains near Guaymas.
SLUMMING TOUR
PROVES SUCCESS
Proprietor of Pabst Cafe
in San Jose Is
Convicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Nov. S.— After ten minutes'
deliberation to-night a jury in Justice
Cobb't; court found H. L. Hirsch, proprie
tor of the Pabst Cafe, guilty of violating
the ordinance imposing a license on con
cert halls.
Greater interest centered in this ca.«e
than in any Justice Court affair tried
here in years. For more than a year
Hirsch had refused to pay a license for
the concert hall attachment to his. sa
loon. The resort finally became so noto
rious that it was denounced from tha
church pulpit and public sentiment caused
it to close. Then City Treasurer Mc-
Geoghcgan bad Hirsch arrested for vio
lating the license ordinance. Two days
were occupied in selecting a jury, which
was composed of business men.
Rev. Dr. MacLaren of the Second Pres
byterian Church was a witness against
Hirsch. He said he had gone on a slum
ming tour at the request of some of his
congregation to investigate the character
of the resort. He had found gambling
running full blast, a "ladies' orchestra"
rendering music and youths and women
drinking. Dr. MacLaren said the place
was a vile den.
Hirsch will be sentenced on Wednesday
morning.
IMPROVED OUTLOOK
IN WALL STREET
Early Agreement Will Insure Peace
in Northwestern Bail
road Circles.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— The conviction
has crystallized in Wall street that an
agreement will be arrived at which will
insure peace between the contestants in
the Northwestern Railroad territory and
will untie the hands of capitalists who
have been obliged to lock up enormous
capital in the struggle for control of the
Northern Pacific and the Burlington.
Reports of great activity in iron and
steel, of large percentage increases in
railroad gross earnings for the fourth
week in October and continued heavy
traffic and of good trade in general helped
rising prices. Large receipts of Aus
tralian and Klondike gold have offset
withdrawal for export, and treasury
bond redemptions have kept pace wltli
the Government surplus, thus keeping In
abeya'nee any anxiety over the money
market. Activity has greatly Increased
both in stocks and bonds and prices hay«
risen.
Caliahan Declared Not Guilty.
OMAHA. Neb.. Nov. B.— The jury in the
case of James Caliahan, after being out
thiriy-six hours, brought in a verdict at
10 o'clock to-night, finding the defendant
not guilty, and the prisoner was dis
charged. This is the last echo in the Cud
ahy kidnaping case, and Caliahan is ac
quitted of the kidnaping charge. It was
said to-night that there was little to pre
vent Pat Crowe from coming to Omaha.
The evidence on which Caliahan has been
tried would probably prevail in case of
Crowe being tried on the same charges,
and County Attorney Shields to-night
gave it as his opinion that Crowe would
now return.
Chinese Soldiers' Rewards.
Rewards are seldom given for prowesa
on the battlefield in China, but when they
are the most acceptable of them all. from
the private soldier's point of view, is a
sack of rice, valued at about $15 50. The
commanding officer of each regiment has
power to give as many sacks as are de
served, and at the conclusion of every
campaign he sends in a formidable bill to
the Government for rice. No inquiries are
made, nor are the names of the recipient*
asked for, so in nine cases out of ten th«
officer sells the grain and puts the money
into his own pocket, while the deserving
soldier, to whom the rice would have
meant a good deal, has to go without.—
Chicaso Tribune.
34
RAILWAY PARTY
PUSSES NEEDLES
Speeding On to Welcome
Eastern Passenger
Agents.
Train Carries Souvenirs and
Flowers to Be Given
to Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEEDLES, Nov. B.— The train bearing
railroad men from San Francisco and
Los Angeles passed through here this
evening. They are going east as far as
Window, Arizona, to greet the Eastern
delegates en route to Los Angeles for. the
annual convention of the American Asso
ciation of Traveling Passenger Agents.
The Los Angeles committee met the San
Francisco delegation at Barstow at noon
to-day. The las Angeler.os are: B. F.
Coons, commercial agent Southern Pa
cine. Santa Barbara; Fred Frye. com
mercial agent Southern Pacific, San
Diego; T. J. Clark, general agent Rock
island, Los Angeles; i. J. Fitzgerald, ia
c-nc Coast passenger agent, lexas and
Pacific, Los Angeles; c. HayaoeK. com
mercial agent Illinois Central, Los Ange
les; H. IS. \\ arnngicm. commercial agent
fc>oulhtrn Pacific, Los Angeles; T. C.
leek, assistant general passenger agent,
bait Lake fctoutc. Los Aiigeies; F. .E.
'ihompson, traveling agent cnioago, Bur
lin^toii and yuincy, San Jose; Amos
.burr, traveling agent New YorK Central
snd Hudson rUv«r, Los Angeles; Mr.
1 athrop, traveling passenger agent Wil
mington Transportation company, Los
Angeles; Koss c. (.'line, Pacinc Coast pas
senger agent V. abash Railroad; W. IV.
Llhctt, treight and passenger, agent Chi
cago. Burlington aid vuincy; J. P. Mc
« inn, traveling passenger agent : Pied
mont Air Line, Airs. coons, . Mrs. " Fry .
ilrs. Clark, .Mrs. Fitzgeralu, 'Mrs. Hay
uock, Mrs. AVarrington, Mrs. Thompson,
Mrs. (line. Mrs. Klliott. Mrs. J. W.
ilonohan.- " ¦ .
The Los Angeles railroad men have
their car :;!leu with handsome souvenirs
to give ih«?ir eastern brothers. The pres
ents include aainty scarf pins for the
men, hat inns and choice cut flowers for
ihe ladies. ¦ The San Francisco commute*
Las a vast array or beautitul chrysanthe
mums for the ladles. j
The California reception committee will
breakfast to-morrow in Flagstaff and will
be driven in stages to see the ruins of the
haunts -of the cuff dwellers. It will then
resume its journey to Winslow and go
through the Grand Canon with the East
ern delegates, as guests of the Santa F<?
itailway. ...
On the train going East were two oper
ators .of a biagraph, who will take panor
amic scenes or the Grand Canyon.
A Reformed River.
Naturally, th ; fact which first rivets at
tention in tht story of the steamboat
fcteward who was arrested for throwing
the remnants c: a meal into the Chicago
i-.ivtr and thu* contaminating 4t is that
the story is true. The arrest was not
made In a facetious spirit by a praciticai
joker. It was ;>n official act "pertormed in
earnest. The theory that the river
had been subjected to contaminating in
l.uences calculated to lessen its purity
was not propounded in a spirit of sarcasm
Lut as a fact.
Considering that only two short years
ago It was not believed tnat thert" was
any known substance which could con
taminate the Chicago River, it is now
le to form som .st!ma;e of the
marvelous change which has been
wrought in that regenerate stream. 'I hen
it was not the river but the thing that
went into it that suffered contamination.
]t was simpiy impossible to impair its
purity, because- it haa none. Refuse
mrown into it trom shore was popularly
believed to improve its general character
us a river. Taking note of the sweeping
l.ature of the change which has been
made in so short a time, the possibilities
*he future condition of the river are
not even yet foreseen. It is not wildly
\:sionary to imagine a day when vessel
owners will be forbidden to sail into the
harbor unless they have had their ships
thoroughly cleansed and treated with an
usepucs. and persons who fall into the
nver will br fined on the charge of defil
ing its purity.
ihe umo- lor derisive comment deroga
tory to the character of the Chicago Riv
er nas undoubtedly passed. Henceforth its
name will be a synonym for purit> and
cleanliness ana itself an object of' envy
lor cities bordeiing on less pure and pei
iucia streams.— Denver News.
Branch Dead Letter Office.
More than 10,000 letters mailed at the lo
<al delivery at Chicago are t?em to tne
'ever office at Washington every
month. The Postmaster of Chicago— who,
by the way. ha<= only been in the office a
tev. months— has ventured to suggest to
i£f- Postmaster Genera! that the aead let
ter office at Washington he decentralized
establishment of a branch dead let
ter office in all the principal postofnees of
the country. We doubt very much wheth
er the puggestkn will meet with favor
able consideration. There is no saving to
fleeted by the scheme, but. on the
contrary, it would involve- greater outlay
than if now incurred by the Government.
AVhile it might enable the Postmaster
• al to do away with a small part of
the force employed in the dead letter of
fice, it would involve the employment of
additional clerks in every important post
effief- that would be designated as a
branch. The additional expense to be in
curred could net possibly be offset by the
saving on pound ratos paid by the "Gov
ern Ri<vnt for the transportation of dead
¦etters.— Nashville News.
Not Discharged by Bankruptcy.
Two courts, one in Illinois and the
ether in Massachusetts, have recently de
cided that alimony to a divorced wife is
an obligation that cannot be discharged in
bankruptcy proceedings. The Illinois
Judge lays down the matter succinctly
and convincingly in the following words:
"Alimony cannot be regarded as a debt
owing from the husband to the wife,
which may be discharged by an order in
bankruptcy, whether the alimony accrues
before or after the bankruptcy proceed
ings. The duty which the law Imposes
upon a husband and father to support his
wife and children is not such a debt as is
contemplated by the bankruptcy act. It Is
a social obligation as well as a pecuniary
liability: it is founded upon public policy
end is for the good of society." — Newark
News.
Charity and " bookbinders cover a multi
tude of fault*. 1 '
Ijjijlljl Fels-Naptha zr
You can't believe until
you try vrtiat Fels-Naptha
soap will do clothes-wash-
ing and house-cleaning.
This remarkable soap,
Fels-Naptha, takes dirt out
of clothes in half usual time
with half usual work, and
the clothes last longer,
without boiling or scalding
a single piece.
Fact, or the money re-
turned by the grocer you
buy it from.
Pels ft Co.
Philadelphia C?ray, I_ang & Ptroh ilnc).
San Frar.ctsco.
SAUSALITO COMES TO THE FORE
AS AN UP-TO-DATE BAY RESORT
Sea Serpent of the "Genuine" Variety Makes Its Ap
pearance and Pursues a Luckless Swimmer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN" RAFAEL, Nov. S.— A "genuine" sea serpent has made its appearance off the shore of Sausalito and as a
consequence E. H. Shoemaker, superintendent of the Narrow Gauge Railroad, has given up swimming in the
cooling brine.
Several days ago Mr. Shoemaker had the distinction of holding close communion with the monster of the
deep. It was a race for life and the railroad man won.
For years Mr. Shoemaker has been In the habit of taking an occasional swim in the bay at Sausalita. While
thus engaged several clays ago his attention was attracted by the warning cries of some men in a nearby boat. At
that instant a dark object surged past him like a submarine boat. Mr. Shoemaker struck out for the shore. The
monster circled around him, passing back very close to the now rapidly swimming man. As Mr. Shoemaker reached
the shallow water on the beach and looked back he beheld a sight that made his blood run cold. The strange &ea
creature, whatever it was. was directly behind him, snapping its alligator-like jaws and struggling to reach him.
After lashing the water for a while In its fury it departed.
Mr. Shoemaker says that It was not a shark. It was about twenty feet long and had a head exactly like an
alligator, with great jaws filled with heavy teeth.
The good people of Sausalito are well up on both land and water sharks and most other sea monsters, but this
freak of the ocean is a "new one on them."
BONDS SISKIYOU
COPPER CLAIMS
Captain De La Mar Will
Develop the New
Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. Nov. $.— Captain De La Mar,
the multi-millionaire mining man, has
bonded the immense copper deposits
known as the McVey claim:?, at the heaa
of Joe Creek, a tributary of Elliott Creek,
in the Siskiyou Mountains, near the StaY
line. The property is now owned by VV.
H. Hamilton. &. McVey, 1.. K. Cooper an i
v. H. Aaams of crescent City. Tne price
to be paid is $:joo,<>uu, and a deposit oi
win be made on Monday.
i Ins copper deposit was discovered
three years ago. and during the past sum
mer an immense lense-shaped deposit ot
sulphide ore was uncovered on the prop
erty. It is located at an altitude of from
4500 to £400 feet and is well situated for
mining purposes and the estabilsnment o*
an immense s?meltingr*plant. The district
jf at the present time attracting much
attention trom copper miners, and relia
ble experts pronounce it one of the rich
est copper fields in the United States
with every prospect of becoming a secon 1
Anaconda and rival of the Shasta County
Iron Mountain mine.
The natural outlet for these mines Li
via Jackson and Jusephine counties. Ore
gon, they being on the west side of thl
yiskiyou Mountains. California interest-;
are now agitating the building of roads
into the district in order to divert tho
prospective trade of the locality from
Southern Oregon into Northern Califor
nia.
Recent itocoverlefl In th» Joe Creek rs
gion have been of unusual promise. The
discoverer? lacked money to establish
smelting plants and build railroads. Cap
tain De La Mar- is a conservative oper
ator, and the f?ct that he takes the ini
tiative shows that the reports of hi 6 ex
perts upon the propery must have been
very favorable.
Already a rush to the Joe Creek coun
try from adjacent mining districts has
begun.
bANTA FE ACQUIRES
AN ARIZONA ROAD
Prescott and Phoenix Railway Prop
erty Is Transferred to Presi
dent Ripley.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. B.— The Santa
Fe. Prescott <>r.d Phoenix Railway was
to-day formally turned over to the Atchi
son. Topeka and Santa Fe Company,
President E. P. Ripley of the Sarta F-:
accepting the former line from Frank
W. Murphy, president of the short road.
The presidents of both roads, together
with other official?, including Third Vice
President Morton of the Atchison road,
left this morning on an inspection tour o f .
the system.
The Atchison company has obtained a.l
but Murphy's part of the capital stock,
seventy-one shares, of the Santa Fe.
Prescott and Phoenix, and $2,963,000 of th>
5 per cent second mortgage bonds-:. Th." 1
road is more than 200 miles long, reach
ing from Ash Fork to Phoenix, besides
a half-dozen r ranches, and is said to be
the second largest dividend-paying road
in the T'nited States. The retiring own
ers of the road will build at once a road
from Phoenix to Benson, through the Salt
River and Gila valleys, and tapping the
Southern Pacific at Benson, and then an
other line west, touching the Southern
Pacific again at Yuma.
Railroad to Nome.
TACOMA. Nov. B.— Final surveys of the
Nome-Council City section of the road
which the Alaska-Siberia Railroad Com
pany last summer announced it -would
build, from Cook Inlet to Bering Strait
have been completed and construction is
to be commenced soon after the opening
of Bering Sea tn navigation. The infor
mation comes from G. S. Canfield. ,i pas
senger from Nome, who had charge of
the survey work.
Sproul Not Guilty of Murder.
SANTA ANA. Nov. S.— The jury in the
case of AtwooJ P. Sproul. charged with
killing Fred Lutz, returned a verdict of
not guilty last night. Lutz was stabbed
to death during a street fight in this city
on October 5 last. The trial occupied but
three days, the defense making a strong
plea of justifiable homicide. •
Flames Raze Old Landmark.
GEYSERVILLE, Nov. B.— The old Feld
itif yer building was destroyed by fire yes
terday. The structure was erected in 1R75
from the lumber made from a single red
wood tree and was a well known land
mark.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, TSUVEMBEK 9, 19UI.
CHRISTIAN WORK
WINS HILL'S AID
President of the Great
Northern to Help
Young Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Nov. B.— James J. Hill, presi
dent of the Great Northern Railway, has
at last been convinced that the railroad
department of the Young Men's Christian
Association work is a good thing and. as
a consequence, plans are being drawn by
the company's architects for three build
in.es to be erected at three division points
— one in Montana and two in Minnesota.
This information is brought to Tacoma
by W. M. Parsons. State secretary of the
California Young Men's Christian Associ
ation, who arrived this morning.
Referring to the development of the
work on the Great Northern, Mr. Parsons
told of the way in which Hill was
convinced as to the efficiency of the
Young Men's Christian Association for
the men in the service of his road. Cyrus
McCormick of reaper fame. T. B. Walker,
the lumberman of Minneapolis, and C. J.
.Hicks, international railroad secretary of
Young Men's Clwistian Associations,
called upon Mr. Hill, who said to them in
substance:
"Gentlemen. I am glad to see you per
sonally, but I may as well tell you at the
beginning that I have no use for your
work for my men."
Mr. McCormick asked him to at least
listen to a statement concerning the re
sults of the work on other systems. With
in an hour Mr. Hill consented to the erec
tion of buildings at three division points,
provided Mr. Hicks could get the men
themselves Interested sufficiently to prom
ise to join the associations when organ
ised. At the point in Montana within a
very short time all the railroad men. In
the' place except two agreed to i<Mn the
association if established. Similar suc
cess was had at the other places.
LOSS OF WATSONVIXLE'S
HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING
Handsome Structure Destroyed by a
Supposedly Incendiary
Blaze.
WATSONVILLE. Nov. S.— The TV'atson
vUle High School building, one of the
mest modern educational buildings in this
section of the State, was destroyed by
fire early thus morning. The fire is sup
posed to have been of incendiary origin.
It started in the principal's office on the
floor below the laboratory. After com
municating to the laboratory room the
flames spread rapidly, owing to the ex
plosions of the liquids and chemicals.
The loes on the building is $25,500, cov
ered by $15,000 insurance. The loss on li
brary, fixtures and children's school books
will be ?5000.
The School Trustees will take immedi
ate steps toward the erection of a new
building, which is likely to be built of
stone and brick and will exceed the cost
of the destroyed structure.
COMBINE OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA GROCERS
Form a Corporation With the Object
of Eliminating the Middle
Man.
PASADENA, Nov. B.— J. D. Nash, a gro
cer, has launched a unique scheme for
eliminating the middle man. A corpora
tion has been formed, with a capital of
$300,000, consisting of one retailer in each
large Southern California town. It will
have a store in Los Angeles and order
goods in carload lats from the East for
distribution among members of the com
pany. Los Angeles. Pasadena, Riverside,
Redlands, Pomona, Santa Ana and other
towns are in the combine. Established
wholesale grocers will be seriously af
fected.
Troops Ordered to Philippines.
VANCOUVER. Wash.. Nov. B.— ln ac
cordance v.-.th orders received from the
War Department to-day eight companies
of the Twenty-eighth Infantry, together
with the headquarters, band, field and
regimental staff quarters, will leave here
next Tuesday for San Francisco to em
bark en the transport Grant for Manila,
which sails November 15. The remaining
battalion of the regiment, consisting of
Companies E, I and H stationed at Boise
Barracks, Idaho, and Companies F and
G at Fort Wright, Wash., are directed
to sail .from Portland on the transport
Rosecrans for the Philippines.
President Ripley Denies Rumor.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. B.— President E.
P. Ripley of the Santa Fe Railroad said
to-day in reply to a query on the subject:
"No alliance exists between the Santa Fe
and the Pennsylvania Railroad and none
is contemplated. This alleged news has
made its appearance periodically in the
last three years. There is nothing in it."
He and those in his party left LjOs An
geles to-day for Phoenix, where they will
make a thorough inspection of the Santa
Fe, Prescott and Phoenix.
Memorial Tablet at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. S.-A
memorial tablet bearing the inscription.
"To the study of ornithology this room is
dedicated in tender memory of Barbara
Jordan, who knew and loved the birds,"
has arrived at the university and will be
placed in one of the new buildings. The
work was designed by Professor Bolton
Coit Brown, after which it was sent to
Japan and very perfectly chiseled In
bronze by a Japanese artist.
Believes He Was Libeled.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. B.— Henry Hebb,
a down river farmer, this afternoon
brought suit against a neighbor, J. E.
Crew, for $5000 damages, because Crew
told him he "was the meanest man on
f-arth nnd ought to have been dead and
buried long ago."
Wins the Autumn Cup.
LONDON, Nov. B.— T. Simpson Jays
Floriform won the Liverpool autumn cup
of 1200 sovereigns at the Liverpool
autumn meeting to-day. Lord Stanley's
Pelllson was second and Colonel H. Me-
CaJmont'a St. Maclou was third. The dis
tance was one mile and three furlongs.
SUGAR FACTORY
NEAR TEHAMA
Vast Tracts Will Be
Devoted to Beet
Culture.
 Special' Dispatch to The Call.
_ REDDING. Nov. 8.-Tne people of Te
hama County are. congratulating them
selves upon the fact that a large beet
sugar factory Is soon to be built near
Tenama. The speculation and experi
ments of the past year, appear to have
crystallized into action that will have
the , factory complete in time to handle
the beet crop of next season. John Fin
nell, who, with his sons, owns the Finnell
tract of 20,000 acres near Tehaina, is in
ban Francisco, where he is - said to be
concluding arrangements with the com
pany that will build the factory. Con
tractors are on the ground at Tehama.
nguring en the construction of the build
fi. I* is b 4 elieved that Dwyer Brothers
L the American Sugar Company are the
men who will build the factory, because
they were merely waiting for the Ala
meda Sugar Company to gather its crop
en the Finnell tract and give up posses
sion before entering into a contract with
the runnells.
The establishment of a factory and re
.^"f in Tehama will be welcomed by
f ~« y , a! 1 the northern counties, because
ifM? ope the lands of the farmers
within a wide radius to the profitable in
dustry of beet culture. With the factory
"ffering fair prices, large tracts of land
cL 0 A rlver south east of Anderson, in
Shasta County, will be planted to beets.
J^K SOi l there has already been tested
and beets grown in it contain an unusual
percentage of saccharine matter.
<=,E. Urin & the past >' ear the Alameda
Sugar Company raised a crop on 15 ToO
acres of the Finnell tract. The harvest
amounted to 112,500 tons, or an average
of seven and a half tons to the acre
™ s ?: a! not wholly satisfactory. The
£ r °P- it is said, would have gone from
nine to fourteen tons per acre but for
™?The a^c™t cn tt t ra"t. BOWlne and ****"*
! Some of the beets weighed twentv-flv#
pounds, showing the a PtabiliTy n of the
"OH- Several hundred , men were \ em-
Yl/lLl? p 4 antln «-- hoein & and gathering
the crop. This was the first experiment
en a large scale in Northern California
MASONS CELEBHATE
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY
Members of Eureka Lodge in Auburn
Gather for a Notable
Affair.
,c A BURN ' Nov. B—Eureka8 — Eureka Lodge. No.
16. Free and Accepted Masons., last night
celebrated the fiftieth anniversary with a
banquet. Among the notables present
were Grand Master Wills and pVorwd
Masters Neff. Atkinson, Preston and
tn «??- 7 here e « re upward of 200 persons
in, attendance. Lieutenant Governor Neff
acted as toastmaster. and responses were
made by all the grand officers, by the
local master of the lodge. W. A. Crowe 11
by Judge Pr we "- J. M. Fulweiler. P. w!
fnd other 7« natOr Lardner ' D - W. Lubeck
Eureka Lodge was instituted November
. ISol. George W. Applegate who was
present, is the only living persons who
nr?L& crnb A er °* the lod * c when it was
organized. Another noticeable feature of
the occasion was the presence of four ex
bhenffs of Placer County, J. H. Neff. Wil
liam Sexton. J. C. Boggs and B. D. Dis
nsLm. ¦ ¦ , ¦ -.•..-
Baptists Denounce Mob Rule.
CHICO.Nov. -The State Baptist Con
vention this morning adopted the follow
ing resolution: - % . .
Whereas, The shame of lawlessness has crys
tallized in anarchy; mob violence is growing to
a. degree of iu an f er and ruining our Christian
£ 6 calll y the South: therefore be it
»rV a B «°a, vl . at , thls convention denounce both
acts as un-Christlan. un-American and in every
*ay destructive to our great institutions.
Smallpox in Eldorado.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. S.-Word has
been received here that several cases of
smallpox have appeared in the little town
of Eldorado, near Placerville. There ar.»
two or three cases of the disease In one
family. The victims have been quaran
tined.
Vulcan Furnaces j
Successfully Dunning I
The recent marked successes of the VULCAN SMELTING AND REFINING
COMPANY In the operation of their furnaces have created considerable excitement
in the mlninx and metallurgical world. The Vulcan smelter is an innovation in the
methods for reducing ores by the smelting process, in that they do away with all
machinery used in connection with the blast type of furnace and in place of a positive
blast use a suction draught caused by the introduction of a jet of steam, intro-
duced immediately underneath the gas outlets of the stack, thus forming a vacuum
immediately over the smelting zone, the intake of air being through an annular
opening all # around the furnace, between the crucible and the upper part of the
stack and immediately underneath the smelting zone, thus giving a generally dis-
tributed roasting atmosphere permeating- the entire charge in the furnace the result
of which is the wonderful oxidizing action, which permits of taking raw sulphide
ores as they come from the mine (without previous roasting to desulphurize) and
burning off the sulphur in the furnace, making use of the fuel values of the sulphur
as a reducing agent.
During the Nevada State Fair at Reno, held from the 18th to the 21st of last
September, the Vulcan Company had one of its plants on exhibition Just outside the
Fair Grounds and treated all ores offered for treatment for test runs. Among the
ores treated were the following: A copper carbonate ore, carrying lead carbonate 11
per cent copper and about 42 per cent silica: 10 per cent coke was used, with a steam
pressure of 40 pounds. Furnace ran fast and hot and product was a bullion assay! ne
85 per cent copper, with balance lead, with some of the usual impurities of black cop-
per and carrying the gold and silver values.
A quartzose ore carrying about 2 per cent iron, 21 per cent silica and about 20
per cent <-or»per in the form of a gray copper sulphide, with approximately 2 per
cent of the copper In the form of a carbonate, and the balance consisting of clayey
matter (alumina).
The flux used was an oxidized Iron ore (gossan) carrying about $3 50 in gold con-
siderable silica and some alumina. Fuel used, 9 per cent coke. Furnace ran hot
and slag liquid. Product consisted of black copper of about 94 per cent fineness, with
6 per cent of the product in the form of a hlch grade matte (blue metal) as a top
layer over bars. Slags assayed 9-10 of 1 per cent copi>er.
Ore No. B—This8 — This ore was a quartz ore carrying oxides and carbonates of copper
9 per cent iron and 48 per cent silica, with some basic material. It ran about the same
as ore No; 2, the product being black copper of about 55 per rent purity, with no
matte production. Ccke used, 10 per cent on charge. Furnace bottom kept hot and
tapped easily.
Since the above runs were made the company has had a furnace in operation tn
Los Angeles, treating ores from that section of the State and from Arizona with even
better results than were produced at Reno.
The ability of the Vulcan furnace to take raw sulphide ores and pass them through
the furnace without previously desulphurizing and turn out high-grade cooDer bill
lion, in addition to the small cost of installation and maintenance after installation
bids fair to revolutionize the mining and smelting industry. For full information and
catalosuc address the
Vulcan Smelting and Refining Company, 306 Pine St., s <">.^"""°.
STEAMER SINKS
WITH HER CREW
Forty- Nine Men Perish
on the Tsurohika
Maru.
Only One Sailor of the Jap
anese Vessel Gains
the Shore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. B.— The steamer
Adelaide, which arrived from the Orient
to-day, brought news of the loss of the
2000-ton Japanese steamer Tsurohika
Maru, owned by Ohkura & Co. of Tokio.
All hands were lost excepting one man
of her crew of fifty, who was washed
ashore on the wreckage at Fukuye and
who gave news of the disaster.
After taking on coal at Moji, the Tsuro
hika cleared early on the 6th for Keelung.
On the morning of the 7th she went ashore
on Mejima island, Goto Archipelago, ana
became a total wreck.
The cargo consisted of two locomotives
for the Formosan Railway and a large
quantity of miscellaneous goods. The ves
sel was bought in February, last, for 130,
00 yen. ...a.:,
The scene of the wreck Is an island
about fifrv miles from the Fukuye, Coto
l«land. There were no passengers on the
steamer, me torpedo Doat destroyer Mu
rakumo left Sasebo for the scene of the
disaster. The Sasebo naval station au
thorities were awaiting intelligence in the
signal house at Ose. Goto island, before
dispatching further assistance, when the
Queen Adelaide left Kobe.
Mexican Aristocrats.
The cultivated Mexican, priding himself
on his "educacion," looks for its manifes
tations in the person who claims his
frifndship and intimacy. He insists on
good breeding among his own people, or
thty may not pass his threshold; all the
n^ofe Is he likely to Insist that the for
eigner who would visit him be a man of
pel sh and with the ability to say and
do things the ricrht way.
A Mexican of excellent family was say
ing to me the other day that going to an
interior state he had sojourned at a ha
cienda where the men there assembled,
on engineering and other matters, were
not of his kind, and "so I did not eat at
the same table," for they were not "ca
balleros," or gentlemen. "I demand
brains and good breeding in my asso
cis>tes, or T live alone!"
This gentleman speaks English perfectly
and reads our best authors and he is
equally well grounded in other foreign
ljirguages. He has none of that snobbish
pride that offends, -would not hurt an
other's felings and does not insist on
nicety of dress, but does demand of his
associates that fine breeding and perfect
tact that characterize people who have in
herited the courtly traditions of old Spain.
It struck me that he went too far, that
the technically trained men he met in the
country were quite good enough to asso
ciate with, but to all objections he would
roply: "They were not of my kind!"
A Mexican lady of the old nobility of
the country, wealthy and of long resi
dence abroad, witty, of linguistic accom
plishments and much social experience in
Europe as* at home, said:
"I do not invite foreigners to my table,
not even diplomats, for they are too criti
cal of the service, and here you know
that It is impossible to have such well
trained servants as in France or England.
I have been hurt in my feelings at my
own table at the uuiet amusement of
guests when something went wrong,
some blunder in service. And. as for
eigners will make no allowances for our
domestic shortcomings. I close my doors
to them. In Paris I should entertain for
eigners, for there I could be sure of my
servants. But we Mexicans do not want
to bt- laughed at. and that, perhaps, by
people who are not at home, in their own
countries, of our class. One does not
know who they are or what is their origin.
The lower their extraction the greater
their presumption here."
Definition of Mugwump.
The late Secretary Evarts liked fun, and
there was a dry wit in his public utter
ances at times that nearly convulsed those
who clearly understood his meaning. It
was almost impossible for him to avoid
being deep, even in humor, and many a
good fling at political opponents was lost
because he talked above the heads of his
audience, or because his sentences were
too involved. At the time when the Mug
wumps were just beginning to show their
teeth he delivered one of his long political
speeches from the stage of the Grand
Opera-house and in "the course of it re
marked that he believed the Republican
party need not fear the Mugwumps, as the
latter were only a lot of "marsupials."'
Some 3500 men heard the word, and after
the meeting groups got together to discuss
the meaning of It and its application.
Some went home to look in their diction
aries, while others called on Mr. Evarts
for an explanation. "Marsupials," said
he, "are born extremely small, imperfect
and quite helpless, and have to be carried
in pouches on the bellies of their moth
ers."—Pittsburg Press.
The Forbidden Fruit.
A fruit supposed to bear the mark of
Eve's teeth is one of the many botanical
curiosities of Ceylon. The tree on which
it grows is known by the significant
name of "the forbidden fruit," or "Eve's
apple tree." The blossom has a very
pleasant scent, but the really remark
able feature of the tree, the one to which
it owes its name, Is the fruit. It is beau
tiful and hangs from the tree in a pe
culiar manner. Orange on the outside
and deep crimson within, each fruit has
the appearance of having had a piece
bitten out of it. This fact, together with
its poisonous quality, led the Mohamme
dans to represent it as the forbidden
fruit of the Garden of Eden and to warn
men against Its noxious properties. The
mark upon the fruit is attributed to Eve.
Why the bite of Adam did not also leave
its mork is not known, but as only one
piece seems to be missing Its loss is
ascribed to the woman— Buffalo Commer
cial.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"ABSOLUTF^URITYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signatu re of • /^^^^,
Very sacall mad as easy V.-'
to take as sugar.
btt CARTtRo forhea »ache. ore
L CAKI tKo FOR DJHIMESS. OLC|
Kittle ros biliousness.
GENUINE f VER for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATIOM.
WRAPPER yyjLJS.S«SSi?So. WRAPPER
OETTCXTVXB mustxavcusnaturc.
25 cSits I Vmtty TegetaDle-x^v^g^p^
"FK,I3SrrE33 O3ST.K.EID PAPER."
¦ !
THE MOST CONSPICUOUS
part of your attire Is your linen. It must i
be perfectly laundered if you would pre- !
sent a correct appearance. If you send j
your linen to the I". S. Laundry It will be j
returned to you promptly, clean and
whole, starched and nnished in the most
perfect manner. You will always find our
work satisfactory.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 100-+ Market Stress
Telephone— South 420,
Oakland Offlc«— s4- San Pablo Aye.
i _
World Famous Mariani Tonic
| Restores the Vital Forces. Per-
fectly safe and reliable. It gives
strength and vigor to body, brain
and nerves.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE .
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MABSA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of December, A.
! D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day,
, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
1 State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
! condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
i missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash 1800,000 00
, ASSETS.- .
j Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $353,866 50
Cash in Company" Office 1.992 36
Cash in Banks 19,139 39
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,502 82 :
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 46.640 11 1
! Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 142 33
Total Assets .$624,633 51 j
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid;............ $3,232 17
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense - 11,904 32
Gross , premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $170,384 62;
reinsurance 50 per cent 83,192 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning more than one year, $151,748 05;
I reinsurance pro rata 84,115 80
; Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 5.303 61 i
All other liabilities 19,678 47 I
Total Liabilities ...... .........i"..'!..5269, 48 1
. , INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
i premiums •' $211,996 15-
! Received for interest and dividends on * -
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources ....; 21,615 13
Received from all other sources 820 26
Total Income $234.431
EXPENDITURE?.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
I eluding $20,941 90, losses of previous
years) $131,184 25 i
Dividends to Stockholders 9,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 47,028 51 j
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 20.68114 !
; Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ••••• 8.913 75
All other payments and expenditures.. 34.643 85
Total Expenditures $251.456 50
¦H^.'z/Z^ ' Fire. j
Losses Incurred during the year $123,531 42 j
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. I Premiums. !
Net amount of Risks ¦ ' . '
written during the
year $28,844,803 $304,18712
Net ' amount of Risks ¦
expired during the > ¦¦ .^..'-; , v
year. 25,241.598 264,115 54
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.... I 30,386.855 ! 322.132 67
FRANCIS PEABODY, President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4th
day of February, 1901.
> - GEORGE M. ' AMERIGE
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
§ BA66S & STOVEL,
General Agents, ¦
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco. Cal.
i . ~ ! ~ ¦. ¦ , j
OEWEY.STRONG ScCO.^g^
K . 6 PAT E N TSf fj
MARKET STS?V§By
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ 3 !
Steamen GEN. FRISBIB or. MONTICELLQ ;
9:45 a. m.. 1:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun- !
day. ' Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Lea via
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far» 50
cent*. r; T«l«phon« Mala , 1508. • Landing and-
office, pier 2, Ml«ion-«t. dock. HATCH
BROS.
TJ§ California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
9:00 a. m.
Ne-w equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
at Ferry.
T he Santa Fe,
OCEAK" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«S • . Steamers leave Broadway
By Wharf, San Francisco:
Ki3fc?S>«w For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.
ft^Eji^V^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Der. 2.
¦ BkKEtS% Change to company's steamer*
1 Ealßi \3Kfl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
¦fiM^kl For Victoria. Vancouver <R.
i MB| Hi C.) Port Townsend.- Seattle.
•* It Tacoma. Everett and New
•wjy^^ Whatcom (Wash.)— a. m..
' Nov 2 " 12 « -• -'• Dec - - Change at
i Seattle" for this company's steamers for Alaska
j and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
IP. Ry. :at Vancouver to C. P. Ky. p. «.. Nov.
I For Eureka (Humbcldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Nov.
I 3 -F or San- 23 **8 Dec 3. only at Santa Bar-
' For San' Diego", stopping only at Santm Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Rprlondo (Lo» An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Pert riarford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Corona. Saturdays.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
! Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymas (Mex.)— l9 a. m.. 7th each men to.
! For further information obtain the company a
The company reserves the r'.xht to chan*»
I steamers, sailing days and hours of aaUlng.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. I?. & /V. CO,
Only Steitmship lilne *°
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lin- from Portland to aM
point* East. ThrouS^ 'ticket* to all
points, all rail or uteamsSio and rail, at
LOWEST H.ATBS.
STEAMSF. TICKET IN CLODS BSSTEand MBAL3.
| SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Nov. 11, 24. Dec. 4, 14. 24
S. GEO. W. ELDER : :...
Sails Nov. 9. 19. 29. D«<s. »
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgrn'r. 3. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n«r First and Brannan streets, a: 1 pi m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioso). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, ' etc. No cargo received on board oz»
day of saiilre. "
S HONGKONG MARU
' Saturday. November H. 1301
S. NIPPON MARU
• Wednesday, December U. 1901
S. AMERICA MARU
¦-. Saturday. January 4, 1903
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rates. Far
1 freight and passage apply at company's office.
! 421 Market street, corner First. . ¦ -?/ >-.
_ • - W. H. AVERT. General AKent. ' ;
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf YORK. SOUTH AMPTOH. LORDOW. MJD&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ; ':
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
j St. Paul .".Nov. 2' 1 St. Paul ........Dec It
¦ Havertorrl Nov. 27 St. Louis.. D«c. 1*
I Philadelphia ....Dec 4 Philadelphia ....Dec. 13
FED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwar*.
From New York Wednesdays at 13 noon. ¦
•Vaderland Nov. 20' Frlesland Dec 11 '
I Haverford Nov. 27 South Dec. 1^
i ?Zeeland Dec. 4i*Vadertand Dec. 23
I •Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbqund. >*•
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
»HAS. D TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
ftppanli* C C Pa Hm "> 3AaoA - lit!t
oceanic g"ff»»,»saa
. S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday, Nov. 14. 10 a. m.
j S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu :
s. r-iaasas^-traj^]*!. t !5 m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
•••>• Nov. 19, 10 a. na.
J.D.SPatSHELS & BROS. CD., Oansrai ** ***** *
* I PasMpr Otto, 643 Mirtst St, t to Is. 7. Parts St
PANAMA R, R, W
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA BIHEfSr.
- Cabin, 1105: Steerage. 140; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails if aturdjy, De.:. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. *>. Arfcyll sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.) at 2 p. m. -
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
! F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports.' Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU .'....N0v. 14! COLOMBIA Dec 7
j PALENA Nov. -.; TUCAPEL Dec* *1
These steamers str« but!-, 'expressly for Cen-
I tral and South American passenger service.
[ (No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Frelzht
: and passenger office. 316 California street
! BAIFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
i COMFA9SI3 BIMBEALS TBASBATI^NTIQO «
, DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-fAKIS
j Sailing every Thursday instead ot jtijttfc.
; batur.tay. at 10 a. m.. from pier 42 SSSSBt
1 S^S, lyer * • f °Sf Of street.
c First class to Havre, J7O and upward. Second
' AGENrY H FnR ! tV4t^l upward - QENERAI*
A fV? S7 «OR« OR LNIT ED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson »>ulldtn*>. New
IZ2r"t« i m f^ T GAZI & CO.. Pmclic CoaX
Acents. » Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
i Tickets .old by all Ratima* Ticket Agents.' ADVERTISEMENTS. '..¦¦' '"_ _ ; '
*~ \ v_^ /~"" v \^ j! [IM/51 f
A WHITE PATH.
.¦ iHERE is only one kind of Cleanliness, but
|gT«S§> there are many kinds of soap. There is
i^MI only one destination, but there are many
l*^*^i paths that lead to it. If you want the short-
j est and safest road to Cleanliness, it is paved with
Ivory Soap. Neither man nor clothes ever get
I beyond the cleansing power of Ivory Soap. Its rich,
creamy lather extracts every particle of dirt ; but
it stops at the dirt Ivory Soap —it floats.
co'vkioht im »v the meeTM « oakslc co. cixciunati
NO NEW TRIAL
WILL BE GIVEN
Attorney General Ex
plains About Car
ter Case.
WASHINGTON. Nov. B.— The Cabinet
meeting to-day developed the fact that
there exists an entire misapprehension
concerning the legal proceedings which
are to take place in Chicago in the case
of Captain Oberlin M. Carter, who was
led by a court-martial of embez
zlement and sentenced to a term in the
penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kans.
Attorney General Knox said to the
President and Cabinet to-day that Cap
barter was not to be given a new
trial, as has been erroneously reported.
The Government has attached about $150,
• the property belonging to Captain
Carter, and the question which will be
tried before Judge Kohlsaat relates only
lo the title of that property. Incidentally,
-rse, the question of Captain Car
ter's conviction by the military court will
ac raised, but Attorney General Knox
old the Cabinet that it was in no sente
ix new trial of Captain Carter's case be
>T* a civil tribunal.
Genera! Knox said that with
he $i;* ."<! which the Government will
übly recover the total amount re
-tored will foot up to $400,000.
A portion of the time to-day was de
- otea to taking up the plans for the Na
.ional Memorial Association. Senator
Banna explained the necessity for abso
ute harmony in the McKinley Memorial
Arch Association and the committee of
which he is the head, and the movement
: have the general support of the
ation. He said (ISO 000 should be used in
he erection i i a suitable monument.
MINERS' SKELETONS
IN AN ANCIENT CAVE
HTcrkmen in Mexico Discover Evi
4ence of a Tragedy Two Cen
turies Ago. »
UM'l'lM, Tex., Nov. ?.— A dispatch
Monterey, Mexico, says the work
mployed in the Veladora mine, sit
near there, yesterday opened up a
averr. by means of a tunnel. In
he cave were found the skeletons of fif
men, surrounded by ancient mining
Piled up in the cavern was more
•wo carloads of horn silver and ga
- d with wire silver M all of
ri.-hnepp. The old Spanish ft-cord*
'hat this mine was worked more
tra ago, and the skeletons are
r. r ? who are supposed to have been
?uf?ocated by a cave-in.
"They Don't Look the Same."
Is what the patrons of our Men's Furnishing count-,
ers tell us. And it is true. You doubtless require
something to-day, so it is a good time to put us to the
test.
It May Be Neckwear—
Then indeed you can find a novelty that cannot be
duplicated. The lustrous, changeable colorings and ,
the extent of the new designs are really marvelous. .
There is no taste we cannot sati-fy. They are
underpriced at ....*. 50c
Require a New Hat?
Then look at the hundred or so of new styles of
"The Hawes." Marked with some other name
these hats would sell readily for five dollars; we
sell them for .$3.00
Those new, popular Fedora Crushers; sold
everywhere for $2. 50 $2.25
Complete line of Stiff and Fedora Hats, ail
colors; genuine $2.50 hats .'........ $2.25
Boys' Fedoras and Crushers; correct little men's
hats $1.00 and $1.50
About • three dozen ladies' high-class Felt Hats,
trimmed in latest. style with plumes and pom Dons;
were $7.00, $6.00 and '$ 5.00; being closed 0ut.53.00
Those Handy Club Bags , ,//
Are be*»— the durable, dressy kind: prices from 81.75 to
*¦ Fun 'lino of Trunks and Dress Suit Cases cf the make that
* r i Vt'S satisfaction.
Brilliant Hosiery.
Yes, brilliant is the propei word. Rich embroidered stripes
open work and novelty designs, exclusive to us *in new blues
greens, lavender, red and other attractive combination* of col-
or. Excellent value sOc.
SAN FRANCISCO, M JSSS!r 0S !V:-i OAKLAND, WA6 »f™g} st.
SCULPTOR DIES
IN AN ASYLUM
Adolph Krause, Famous
in the Art World,
Passes Away.
HYDE PARK, Mass., Nov. B.— Adolpn
F. Krause, the famous sculptor, died in
Danvers Insane Hospital last night.
Krause had been receiving treatment at
the institution since last July. He was 5i
years of age. A wife, four sons and two
daughters survive him.
A pensioner of the Prussian Govern
ment and winner of the grand prize of
Rome, the name of the sculptor was es
tablished in Europe before he came to
America, in 1881. In this country he con
tinued to win fame, and it was the disap
pointment of his ambition to produce a
masterpiece which is said to have caused
his mind to give way.
He had partially completed a model in
clay of a heroic figure of Belshazzar at
the moment of seeing the handwriting on
the wall when his mind became unbal
anced. Among his noted pieces in Amer
ica are the Theodore Parker and the Cris
pus at Tuck's monument. In the compe
tition for the lowa State soldiers' monu
ment he won the second prize. He was
the sculptor of the winged figures of Vic
tory that crowned the towers of Machin
cry Hall at the World's Fair at Chicago,
which received great praise.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The Postofnce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Ira E. Forbes, Rackerby. Washington—
Lide Elliott, Adelaide. Appointed— R. T.
Weatherly, Woods, Tillamook County,
vice N. E. Booth, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Pierce Grace, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, $S; George Hark.
Eastland, $10. War with Spain— Richard
B. Sibley, San Francisco, $6. Increase-
Martin V. Coss. Fresno, $17. Widows—
Caroline Eckles. Pomona, $8. War with
Spain— Mary G. Duboce, San Fran
cisco, $30.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— General Gree
ley has received a cablegram from Ma
nila announcing tha.t the islands of Mas
bate and Pahay have been connected by
cable. It is expected that this cable will
materially assist the army operations now
in progress.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
FROST IS AFTER
LAWYER METSON
Says Detective Carson
Played Into His
Hands.
Attcrneys Wrangle Before
Circuit Court of
Appeals. •
William H. Metson, according to the
testimony adduced in the hearing of the
Nome contempt cases before Commis
sioner Heacock, has figured in vari
ous capacities since he visited the Nome
country. First he became renowned as a
gun tighter, then as a captain of detec
tives. Now comes young fiery Mr. Froit
and with sorrow in his heart says thai,
he was told by one Carson that Metsou
bore the reputation in California as a
jury fixer.
This Frost gave as testimony following
Metson's declarations against him. Frost
was all in a fume as he told how Carson,
the detective employed by Metson and
subsequently taken into his own service,
represented two different conditions ot
things. Frost insinuated that Metson was
the deluded one, and that Frost was too
wise to give credence to the preposterous
statements o£ Carson.
Metson smiled at this testimony of the
special examiner, and Pillsbury was anx
ious for the cross-examination to begin.
He is now fairly started, and when the
morning session is finished to-day Frost
will have passed through an ordeal. Met
son announced his unequivocal antipathy
to C. A. S. Frost on Thursday. The bat
tle is now between the "gun fighter,"
chief of detectives and attorney, William
H. Metson, and C. A. S. Frost.
The proceedings of yesterday befor3
Judge Heacock were divided between tor
rid arguments lefore the Circuit Court oi
Appeals and the taking of Metson's ani
Frost's testimony before Commissioner
Heacock. Judge Noyes may go on the
stand this morning.
Go Before the Court.
The warmest tilt between the attorneys
occurred yesterday morning, and the
three Judges of me Circuit court of Ap
peals were present at the hearing. Tn<;
examination was proceeding slowly when
word was sent to Judge McLaughlin thai
the Circuit Court of Appeals desired hii
presence. Attorneys and all filed out of
one room and into the other, and then
the fun began.
The Circuit Court of Appeals desired f>
know when the testimony taking would
come to an end. Judge McLaughlin coul 1
not fix a date, and staled his many rea
sons for the slow pace at which tht: pro
ceedings were moving. Then Mr. Pills
bury, amlcus curiae, was called upon for
his statement. He cited the record as his
support in the charge that the respond
ents' attorneys wasted 'oceans of tim?,
and that the reason the case was drag
ging so painfully was of this wearisome
disregard of expeditious examination.
When Pillsbmy sat down McLaughlin
was on his feet. He was bristling wit.i
anger.
"If this is Intended as a lecture," he
said, "I shall tell Mr. Pillsbury now, ana
with all due respect to the court, that his
language Is certainly offensive. He says
he is entirely disinterested in this case.
If he is the record will not bear him out.
His manner and actions show more than
a duty to the court. He has been over
zealous in this case and the record will
show this."
After McLaughlin had finished Pills
bury called attention to 500 or more pages
nf needless objections, which he would
move to have *axed as costs upon the re
spondents. The heads of Judges Hawley. j
Gilbert and Morrow came together, and 1
they ordered the attorneys to expedite j
the taking of testimony and inform th->
court Monday morning WTien they wouH
be ready for a hearing.
Metson on the Old Road.
The first questions of the morning pro
ceedings were directed by the amicus cu
riae In the cross-examination of Metson
to the diversion of gold dust by McKen
zie. Try as they would, Metson and his
coworkers could secure nothing from
Juoge Noyes In the way of orders.
"McKenzie could and did get everything i
he wanted," said Metson, "and it was im
possible for us to get a ruling antagonis
tic to McKenzie. McKenzie was part
owner lr. 500 and more claims, most of
them by jumpers' title."
On redirect examination, Judge Mc-
Laughlin asked:
"Do you make a charge that McKenzie
tried to steal the $15,000 that you claim he
diverted?"
"I told Alexander McKejizie to his
teeth," answered the witness, "that he
went up there and tried to steal the whole
country. I say yes under the guise of
the law."
later on Judge McLaughlin asked:
"Did you ever offer or cause to be of
fered any money to Judge Noyes?"
"No, sir." said Metson decisively.
McLaughlin then carried Metson over
much of the ground that has been plowed
and harrowed again and again. Metson's
story was as firmly g|ven as on the for
mer occasion when he took the stand.
The conclusion of the examination of
the witness by Judge McLaughlin was
directed toward the interest of Metson in
the issuance of the writs. Pillsbury had
asked the witness for all possible assist
ance in the securing of testimony and it
was joyfully, willingly given.
Frost Is Very Warm.
After Metson came Frost. Attorney
Heney took the helm. His first request
to the witness was for a statement of
facts about Carson's report.
"I am anxious, now that Mr. Metson
ha? brought up the matter of these re
ports, to tell all about them," said Frost
He then retold the story of the rumors
about jury corruption, and declared that
this was the reason for the employment
of d&tectives. Frost said that Carson
fooled Metson just the same as he did
himself. The witness said:
"Mr. Carson came to me soon after he
was employed by me and said Metson was
an alleged lawyer; that he fixed juries,
and that 13 what he did in California. I
told him if that was so I wanted to get
at the bottom of it. I told him to pursue
his own methods. A little while after he
told me Metson wanted to employ him
in the jury business and by accepting the
offer he would get some valuable infor
mation. He reported from time to time
that Metson had men employed to inquire
about the men who were to go on the
jury to see who could be used. My effort
was to discover persons who attempted
to bribe jurors. I never interested my
self in any way in any of the cases."
"Why did you refrain from stating this
the other day?"- interrogated Heney.
"Mr. Heney, there has been much black
ening of character on hearsay in this
case," said Frost, "and I never would
have told this if Metson had not taken
Carson's word as truth. ¦ I wish Carson
could be brought here."
The witness kept no copies of the re
ports, but placed them in a tin box in the
District Attorney's office.
Attorneys at "War.
Then Amicus Curiae Pillsbury took up
the cross-examination. He wanted to
know when and with whom Frost com
municated about the reports of the de
tectives. Frost was about to explain,
when Pillsbury held him to his question.
Judge McLaughlin jumped in and said the
witness had a right to explain. The ami
cus curiae thought this was unprofes
sional—the interruption— and he told Mc-
Laughlin so.
"Now, Mr. Pillsbury, I don't profess to
have you lecture me on what is what and
what is not professional!" shouted Mc-
Laughlin, looking savagely at the amicus
curiae, "and I warn you now to put an
end to it."
"Witness, answer the question," said
Pillsbury.
"Gentlemen," said Commissioner Hea
cock, "there is no occasion for this dis
play of anger, and please refrain from it
ip the future." The sjtorm forthwith sub
sided.
Breslauer Is Acquitted.
The case of Llpman Breslauer, wool
commission merchant, charged with fel
ony embezzlement on complaint of J. B.
Monroe, a woolgrower of Woodviiie, Tn
lare County, was dismissed by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday. Monroe's attorney ad
mitted that it was purely a matter of ad
justment of accounts and the matter
Should not have been made.
DIMMICK ADMITS
USING THE COIN
Superintendent Narrates
Graphic Tale of
Guilt.
An Indulgent Father-in-Law
Sends Money to Help
Defendant.
Superintendcr.t Frank Leach of the
Mint told a damaging story under oata
yesterday in the United States District
Court about Walter N. Dlmmick, ex-chief
clerk of the Mint, on trial for embezzling
Government funds.
On February 4, 1901, according to Super
intendent Leach he called Dlmmick into
his office and ;nformed him that he de
sired to count $1338 97 which Dimmick's
books showed was in the chief clerk's of
flce in the safe. This money had been
received by Dimmick from the Selby
Smelting and Lead Works for bluestone.
one of the by-products of the Mint, sold
to the Selby Company. On the next morn
ing Dimmick came to Leach and said:
"Mr. Leach, for the first time in my life
I have told you a lie, and t could net
sleep last night thinking over it." Then
he confessed that he had used the money
for his own purposes. He said that he
would make it cood — that he was the cus
todian of the money and had always pro
duced it when called upon to do so; that
he was under bonds, and the Government
would not lose a dollar. Dimmick fol
lowed up this statement with what was
virtually a plea for mercy, saying that
he had been in debt for about $4000 and
that he had paid up $2000 of that debt out
of his earnings.
"I told him," continued Superintendent
Leach, "that whatever his purpose might
have been in using me money he ha-I
committed a criminal act. He told me
then that he expected to receive. $1500
from the sale of a life insurance policy
on March 5. I tola him that I could not
wait that long and that he would have
to get the money immediately. He then
said that he would write to his father-in
law for the money. He wrote, and a day
or two later lie showed me a telegram
from his father-in-law stating that after
he had received certain papers from Dim
mick he would send the money. I said to
him then that his ideas and mine with
regard to propriety and integrity were so
far apart that Ms relations witn the Mint
must cease, and that I would give him
three or four months to look out for an
other situation. He finally made good the
money on February 19."
Leach identified th^ seven receipts
which form the basis of the indictment
as being in the handwriting of Dimmick.
He testified further that Dimmick had
sole charge of the sales of by-products
to the Selby Smelting and Lead Com
pany.
After Ira T. Plackwood, assistant cash
ier of Selby's. had also identified the re
ceipted bills the court adjourned until
Monday.
DRUIDS' BIG INITIATION
IN ODD FELLOWS' HALL
Programme Adopted for That Event
on the Third Sunday in
November.*
At a meeting Thursday night of the gen
eral committee of United Ancient Order of
Druids on the monster initiation thfet is
to take place in Odd Fellows' ftall on the
afternoon of Sunday, the 17th instant,
George E. Burnham in the chair, the fol
lowing programme for the event was
adopted: The Druids from the various
local groves and from those in the adja
cent cities and towns are to assemble at
the hail before 1 o'clock, where they will
be assigned seats specially reserved for
them.
The strangers who h&ve been elected to
membership In the grf^es and who are to
be initiated will be assigned to English,
German, French, Italian and Portuguese
sections, according to the language in
which they are to be inducted into the
mysteries of Druidlsm. The work of ini
tiation will be by several teams from var
ious groves, and it is expected that the
first degree will be conferred on more than
300 strangers.
There will be a short Introductory ad
dress by the chairman of the committee;
then will follow the initiation of the can
didates in the center of the main hall,
which will be arranged after the manner
of a grove. After initiation the Initiates,
or ovates, as they are called in that or
der, will be addressed by Noble Grand
Arch Julius S. Godeau. who will welcome
them to the Order of Druids. Past Noble
Grand Arch George H. Bahrs will talk to
the ovates on the duty they owe to the
organization they have joined, after
which Past Noble Grand Arch Dunand
will give a short historical review of the
origin of Druidism and the growth of the
order in the United States and in Califor
nia in particular.
¦ ? ¦
"J. D. S." KILLS HIMSELF
IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
Unidentified Old Man Found Hang
ing by the Neck to Limb of
a-Tree.
Who is "J. D. S.?"
The body of an unidentified man about
60 years old, with the foregoing initials
in his hat, was found yesterday morning
hanging by the neck to a limb of a tree
in Golden Gate Park at the intersection
of Fifth avenue and McAllister street.
The remains were evidently those of a
laborer. The clothing was a cheap coat
and pants of brown checked goods, a
dotted vest of silk mixed goods, white
cotton shirt and collar and blue under
wear.
The suicide had used a common baling
rope, one end of which he had wounrt.
twice around the limb of the tree and
the other knotted around his neck.
A pearl handled knife, a nickel watch
with brass chain and a few dollars in sil
ver were found in the pockets of the
clothing. On the vest lapel was a photo
button containing his own portrait and
that of three young men.
Harry Ward, an engineer on the steamer
Enterprise, called at the Morgue last night
and stated he believed the body of the
suicide to be that of S. Jones, also a
steamship engineer. Ward said that
Jones came to the coast from Philadel
phia some time ago to take a position on
the steamship Sonoma. After that vessel
had made two trips to Sydney Jones was
discharged, and the loss of work brought
on despondency. Jones told Ward Sunday
evening that he expected to kill himself.
To-Day's News Letter.
The editor of the News Letter In this
week's number has advanced a project for
building a remarkable memorial to the
late President McKinley. The News Let
ter's plan is in many ways so unusual and
yet so practical as to recommend itself to
th<§ prospective builders of the McKinl'ey
memorial. Arlentine Fennel has written
about "Society Chefs and Their Favorite
Recipes" and Betsy Bird's "Mere Gossip"
is above par. The Looker On has gleaned
a good story on the Mayor-elect— and
many others for the matter of that. "A
Fable for Tipplers" is the title of a poem
contributed by Wallace Irwin for this
week. The Town Crier is as snappy as
usual, and the editorial is very good. •
A Painter Falls Fifty Feet.
Charles Leager, a painter, while orna
menting some flower pots on the back
porch of the residence of W. G. Johnson
at 1293 Folsom street yesterday afternoon,
lost bis balance and fell a distance of
fifty feet. Leager was standing on the
veranda rail when he fell backward into
a sandlot, making a complete somer
sault in his descent. The fall stunned
him and the people who went to hia as
sistance at first thought him dead. He
was taken to the Emergency Hospital,
where it was found that he had sustained
a severe sprain of the back.
Wolfe's Schiedam Schnapps,
Imported for over 60 years, gives perma
nent relief from Liver and Stomach trou
bles. Colic, Chronic Rheumatism, etc. At
all druggists' and grocers'. •
MEETS A GANG
OF BUNKO MEN
H. Lamotte, a Wealthy
Germam, Gets Valu
able Experience.
Succeeds in Making Escape
Without Parting With
His Coin.
Henry Lamotte, a young gentleman on
a pleasure tour from Germany, who has
apartments at the Palace Hotel, fell into
the hands of bunko men yesterday morn
ing, but fortunately escaped without part
ing with any of his coin.
He arrived Thursday and yesterday
morning went to the Bank of California
and drew $200. He had also a letter of
credit in his pocket for $2000. While walk
ing from the bank he was accosted by a
well-dressed young man, who asked him
to direct him to the Palac« Hotel. He
said he was the son of the vice presi
dent of the National Bank in New York
and was a stranger in the city.
They entered into conversation and the
stranger suggested to Lamotte that he
should go and see the paintings in the
Hopkins Art Institute and said he had a
friend, a colonel, who would get them
a permit.
Lamotte was steered to 405 Geary street,
where he was introduced to a "judge"
and three others. The colonel was not
at home and the "judge" suggested a
game of California poker. They started
to play and Lamotte' s friend won, and
suggested he should take a hand. La
motte at first declined but finally was in
duced to play, his new-found friend giv
ing him money, as Lamotte declared he
had no money with him. He won and
he decided to go to the hotel and asiv
it the game was all right, telling the
bunko men that all his money was in his
trunk.
When he reached the hotel he>was told
to have nothing to do with the game and
then he consulted a friend who advised
him to notify the police. He went to po
lice headauarters and Policeman George
Collins went with him to 405 Geary street.
There they found Robert Tait, known
as the "Sheeny Kid"; "Judge" W. J.
Franklin, alias Foster, and George H.
Lawrence, all well-known bunko men.
They were placed under arrest and taken
to the City Prison. Lamotte's friend and
another of the gang had disappeared.
UNIVERSITY CLASS
ENJOYS A BANQUET
Members Hope That the California
Football Team May Be Vic
torious.
The class of 1897 of the University of
California enjoyed an excellent banquet
last night at the San Francisco Club, in
The Call building. This was in accordance
with a custom of the class to partake of
a banquet on the eve of the football game
between the teams of the University of
California and of Stanford. The affair
was under the management ot George W.
Bauer, Marcel E. Cerf and William Jur
gens. During the evening there were in
lormal talks and the drinking of the
"Boys of the University of California,
may they be successful." There was also
music by an orchestra and vocal selec
tions by William McDonald and Professor
W. A. Magee.
The following named were present at
the dinner:
Professors "W. Armes, E. O'Neill, I. String
ham, W. Setchell, C. Cory, W. Maeee, M.
Haskell, H. Waite, A. Putzker. S. Christy,
P. Soule, li. Hunt and O. Leuschner of the
University of California; Captain F. Winn,
U. S. A.; Colonel C. H. Murphy. N. G. C.
and Ij. H. Brownstone. Georsre W. Bauer, F.
H. Bartlett, M. E. Cerf. J. H. Collier, S. \V.
Cartwright, C. F. Craig, Norris English, R. A.
Gould, E. Hammer, J. D. Hatch. V>. C. Jur
gens, E. P. Kennedy, A. A.. Lawson, W. A.
Lynn, B. P. Miller, D. F. McWade, R. New
man, J. M. Owen.-?, H. Parker, M. H. Peck,
T. M. Putnam, R. S. Phelps, G. F. Reinhardt,
li. E. Reynolds. C. A. Son, F. A. Temple, R.
C. Van Vleet. H. J. White and A. L. Weil of
the class of '97.
PARK COMMISSIONERS
TO MAKE IMPROVEMENTS
Decide to Advance Wages of Skilled
Laborers From S2 to $2 50
Per Day.
At a meeting of the Park Commissioners
held Thursday afternoon it was decided
to improve the Japanese garden in Golden
Gate Park. Lakes and small streams will
be formed, walks will be laid and the gar
den will be further adorned with Japan
ese houses.
The park superintendent suggested in
his report that the museum building is In
need of repairs. To make the necessary
repairs the commissioners decided to ap
propriate $2500. For the improvement of
Franklin Square $3000 was set apart.
Professor Gruber reported that the col
lection of curios In the park museum has
recently received a valuable acquisition In
the nature of a collection of Japanese
fish and crabs. The collection was pre
sented by W. J. Sargent, a tourist.
In answer to the park laborers' petition
for an increase of wages from $2 to $2 50
per day, the commissioners decided that
there was not sufficient money in the park
fund to permit an increase in the salary
of all the laborers employed in the park.
It was determined, however, to grant the
required increase in the case of all skilled
laborers, such as teamsters and assistant
gardeners.
CONFIDENCE OPERATOR
UP FOR COUNTERFEITING
Woodworth, Wanted in Los Angeles,
Pleads Not Guilty of Having
Plaster Molds.
O. H. "Woodworth was taken before
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday to plead to an indictment charg
ing him with having in his •possession
molds for the manufacture of counterfeit
dollars. He pleaded not guilty.
Woodworth created a sensation sev
eral weeks ago In Long Beach, Los An
geles County. He purchased a piece of
property there for $29,000, and in less than
an hour, -the money, which was in bills,
was missing from a trunk in which the
wife of the owner had placed it. A wo
man member of the household confessed
that the disappearance of Woodworth
and the money had been In pursuance of
a plot between Woodworth and herself.
He was arrested about a week later in
Redwood City, and in his trunk were
found the molds, for the possession of
which he was Indicted.
Left a Valuable Estate.
The appraisers appointed to set a value
on the estate of Benjamin T. Lacey, who
aied in May, 1891, filed their report yes
terday. The estate, according to their
appraisement, is worth $159,959, and con
sists of stock in the Parke-Lacey Com
pany valued at $108,925, life insurance pol
icies for $14,845, promissory notes $13,260,
money and personal property $12,500 and
real estate worth $9000. By consent of
Judge Coffey a claim against the estate
of $23,000 h*ld by the estate of Lyman
Parke was compromised for $4000.
Sues Druggist for Damages.
"W. C. Offord, a photographer, has com
menced suit against S. M. McDonnell, a
druggist, for $5000 damages and $250 for
medical services he alleges he expended in
treatment for his eyes, which, he alleges,
were damaged through McDonnell's care
lessness in putting up a prescription for
an eye wash. He alleges in his complaint
that McDonnell substituted a drug for
one called for in the prescription and that
when he used the lotion it so affected his
eyes that he is in danger of losing the
s^ght of one of them.
Seeks to Be Reinstated.
The demurrer interposed by the Board
of Education to the suit brought by Mary
A. McKinney to compel her reinstate
ment in the School Department was sub
mitted to Judge Hunt yesterday. Mrs.
McKinney was suspended by the board
on charges preferred by Principal Albert
Lyser. ,
ADVEB.TISBMEN'TS.
YOUNG WOMANHOOD.
How Often it is Made Miserable by
the Lack of Proper Advice at. Just
the Right Time.
'¦ ¦¦ •:• &': ¦¦_______ : '
This picture tells its own story of sisterly affection. The older girl,
just budding into womanhood, has suffered greatly with those irregu-
larities and menstrual difficulties which sap the life of so many young
women. .... ... • •
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound can always be relied
upon to restore health to women who thus suffer. It is a sovereign
: cure for the worst forms of female complaints, that bearing down feeling,
weak back, falling and displacement of the womb, inflammation of the
ovaries and all troubles of the uterus or womb. It dissolves and expels
tumors from the "terus in the early stage of development and checks
any tendency to cancerous humors. It subdues excitability, nervous
I prostration, and tones up the entire female system.
Mrs. Pinkham especially invites young- girls to write her about
their sickness. She has made thousands of young sufferers happy.
Two young women authorize us to publish the following letters. <
" Dear Mrs. Ptjtkham :— I cannot praise Lydia E. Pinkham*s Vege-
table Compound enough. It is simply wonderful the change your medi-
cine has made in me. Before I took your medicine I could hardly stand the
pains in -my; back. I tried different doctors but none did me any good. I"
took threo bottles and feel like another person. My work is now a pleasure
while before it was a burden. " To-day lam a well and happy girL I think if
more woman would use your Vegetable Compound there would be less suffer-
ing in the world." — Miss Mathilda J. Lagasse, 826 9th St., New Orleans,
La. (Dec. 30, 1900.) .
,•; : / " Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I suffered for several months with pains in my
back and sides. , I felt worn out and weak. I tried many different medicines
but nothing seemed to do me any good . until I began taking Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. After taking several bottles, I feel
entirely welL My improvement was simply wonderful. Thanking you for
the benefit I have derived from your medicine. . ."•?¦» .
(Jan. 12, 1901.) lam sincerely yours, FAjerrs Clifton, La Due, Mo." :
Do not be persuaded that any other medicine is just as good.
Any dealer who suggests something else has no interest in your
case. He is seeking a larger profit.
Follow the record of this medicine and remember that these
thousands of cures of women "whose letters are constantly printed •
in this paper were not brought about by ** something else," but by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. *
$gjS9 4% 4% 4% n mi in n v Owing to the fact that some skeptical jxopl*
D ti - HMD § U«UuMI &€ I I have from time to time questioned the genuine-
B— v H >IBHH 31 ill lIMII I I ness of the testimonial letters we are constantly
W^ m I t m lllalllTlll/ publishing we have deposited with the National
?! ™ " 3 * City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000, which will
D I H 3 E 1 H be paid to any person who will show that the above testimonials are not
UjA ij^ J vLiO' genuine, or were published before obtaining the writers' special permia- ¦
. * - . sion. — I<ydl» E. . PI ham Medicine Company, Lynn, Maga.
CHILDREN CONTRIBUTE TO
McKINLET MEMORIAL FUND
Rabbi Voorsanger Sends a Substan
tial Sum Collected From His
Sabbath School.
The McKinley memorial fund was en
riched yesterday by $42 01, collected from
the children of the Temple Emanu-El Sab
bath School. Accompanying the contri
bution was the following letter of Rabbi
Voorsanger:
SAN . FRANCISCO. Nov. 7. 1901.
My Dear Mayor Phelan: My dear children
of the Sabbath school of the Temple Emanu-El.
by dimes, - nickels and pennies,' have gathered
the '- sum of - $42 01, to be contributed to the
McKinley memorial fund, because these Jewish
children desire to be represented in this i pa
triotic enterprise whereby the nobly suggestive
virtues of the - late honored President will ¦be
fitly commemorated in the community of San
Francisco. May the statue soon arise, I that all
the people may know how greatly we all honor
the departed chief • magistrate. . Believe me al
ways sincerely yours,
JACOB VOORSANGER.
The following statement shows the
status of the memorial fund up to yes
terday: '¦¦ ' ", .
Henry J. Crocker $150: H. S. Crocker & Co.,
$50; Sabbath school children. Temple Emanu-
El '- $42 01; • total. ¦ $242 01: previously reported.
$25,931 10; total to date, $26,173 11.
¦ ? ¦
Divorce Proceedings.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Aaron J. Walker against Sarah Walker
for desertion, Lewis Brown against Nettie
Brown for desertion, May Martin against
Robert Martin for cruelty.
Clara Kerns was granted a divorce
from C. F. Kerns by Judge Hebbard
yesterday on the ground of failure to
provide.
U. S. Army Rifled Carbine
$1.75
With Twenty Metallic Cartridges Thrown In.
Who ever heard of such a price for a gun? Well, to make a lonj?
story short, the
U. S. GOVERNMENT
At Benicia Arsenal, in California, has just cleaned out many thousands,
and we are the happy purchasers of them by SEALED PROPOSAL.
These Guns Have Cost the Government
$18.00 Each, and We Sell Them at $1.75.
They are the greatest bargain ever offered; entirely new. and never
out of the original cases, and precisely as we got them from the arsenal.
They will shoot ball, blank or shot. The shells are easily loaded at small
cost, and are called everlastinjj. We give twenty with each gun. Extra
cartridges we sell at $1.50 per hundred.
W. S. KIRK,
517 Market Street. . . , San Francisco, Cal.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
TENDERS RECEPTION
Members of the Ladies' Auxiliary
Guests of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association.
The directors of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association last night gave a recep
tion at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation headquarters to the members oT
the Ladies' Auxiliary. It was quite a
social affair and was largely attended.
The directors were out in . full force and
made gallant hosts. The evening was de
voted to pleasant social intercourse.
There was a ittle singing, some music
and just enough speechmaking to enabi*
the hosts to place on record their pro
testations of loyalty toward the feminino
branch of the parent association.
Grand Jury and Theaters.
The Grand Jury began an investigation
yesterday into the safety of the various
theaters. Assistant Chief Dougherty of
the Fir© Department and Commissioner
Manson of the Board of Public Works
were examined as witnesses. Both offi
cials testified that all the theaters had
complied with the rules prescribed for ex
isting playhouses when the new theater
ordinance went into effect. They gave it
as their opinion that the theaters wer»
provided with proper appliances to pro
tect audiences in case of fire and that the
buildings were as safe as It is possible to
make them.
Sent to Jail for Contempt.
Philip Carroll, an employe of the Con
sumers' Ice Company, was adjudged
guilty of contempt of court a few weeks
ago for failing to pay his wife alimony
amounting to $2100 and was sent to Jail
for five days yesterday by Judge Sloss.
56
SATURDAY. .. .V. .;...;.. . . .NOVEMBER 9, 1901
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor. ' .
Adcrtti All Commwicatitu to W. 8. LEASE, X&n_gn.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Preii 204
I'LBLJ CATION OFFICE . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Preii 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St
Telephone Press 203.
Oellrered *>r Carriers, IB Cent* Per Week,
Stna-1e Copies. B Cents.
Term* by Mall. Including Foitt(«t
Daily CALL (lnclodlDK Bandar). «&• rew.......... M....5f.MM ....$f.M
DAILT CALI» Mncludlnf Burd&y), I months ............. t.M
DaILT CALL (including Ftiaday). » .............. T.M
DaILT CALL— By SlngU Moat- Ma
RTfDAT CALL. On* Tear.. „......».. ................. ... I.M
WEJEKLT Ctl.U on» Tear.................................^. I.M
All yoitinaater> are authorised to reeelro
subscriptions. ' ' . , ¦
¦ajspis copies will be forwarCed when requested.
Mail SBbscrlber* in ordering cnanr* of sddr«a» (1101110 b*
•articular to civ* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la ortJw
to ißaore a prompt, and cowct compliance with their request.
OAKJLAAD OFFICE! . . .. . .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGTESS.
lUuger Tortigc AdrertU ing, Xarquttte Building, Chicago.
(Look Distance Telephone "Central tKJ.">
KCW TOBK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CaBLTOS .Herald B«aare
NEW TORE REPRESENT ATTVB:
fTEPHES B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldln*
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Mill n>aii House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
frKooßt House ; Auditorium HotaL
iWASHIXGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St.. W. XV.
',".¦_" MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BtRAKCH OFFICES— f?7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tuttll 1:10 o'clock. M Hayes, open until *:M o'clock. 631
VcAllleter. open until IJo o'clock, (IS Larkln, open until
•30 o'clock. I*4l Mission, open uctll 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
•oner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 109t Valencia, open
¦ntil I o'clock. 106 Elerenth, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until • o'clock.
1200 FlHmore. open until » p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
California— "ln Old Kentucky."
Tivoli— "The Belle of New York."
Central— "Northern Lights." " *
' Grand Opera-house — "The New Boy."
Grand Opera-house— Grand opera, commencing November 11.
Alcazar— "Nancy & Co."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlborough."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. ¦
¦ Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Royal Italian Band.
Recreation Baseball. ' ___ „___
Alhambra— "The Fantasticka." JT"g T*"*- z: : gfl
Native Sons' Hall— Doctor's Daußhters' Vaudeville Enter-
tainment and Doll Sale.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. November 11. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street. • ¦
FAILURE OF PRUNE BRANDY.
IT is to be regretted that the abundant experiments
made in prune brandy by Mr. Korbel have failed
to produce a merchantable liquor that can expect
v profitable market.
We fail to make use of our entire fruit crop in this
State. In European fruit districts there is much
closer use made oi everything. The vintage yields*
profitable by-products, and pits and parings of stone
fruits are made by distillation to reappear in some
form that prevents their waste. The many merchant
able liqueurs, as apricctine, distilled from apricots,
kirsch and others, represent the saving process of dis
tillation. If our prunes could have been used in the
1 tub profitably the surplus of a crop might have
been profnably disposed of in that way.
But the experiments of Mr. Korbel may yet be of
great importance to California as a suggestion. There
is a considerable importation of rig brandy into this •
country. It is a liqueur, used as such as a "coup" at
table, and is also a fine cooking liquor for sauces. It
is made in Greece, of capri and purple figs, and has
a market in Europe.
We are producing a surplus of purple and other
figs which do not require the blastophaga in pollina
tion. In many pans of the State these figs are used
in fattening hogs. They are a delicious fruit, but in
their fresh state do not bear long shipment, and there
fore are net an export crop.
A few years ago the distillation of fig brand}' was
begun here, but was forbidden by the internal rev
enue officers because it is not" mentioned in the law!
Unfortunately the few barrels that were distilled be
fore this important discovery was ma.de were de
stroyed by the officers, so there was no chance to
test it after aging.
There is no known reason, however, why our figs
should not make as fine an aromatic brandy as those
of Greece, and we are sure that California fig brandy
would find a profitable market in the United States
and some demand abroad.
As it is a local interest our members of Congress
can be relied on to get fig liquor into the revenue law,
and then, if Mr. Korbel will bring his skill ami"ex
perience to bear on its distillation, his work for'prune
brandy will not be wholly lost.
There seems to be no reason why we should not
also supply the American demand for apricotine.
The apricot is more generally distributed over the
State than the prune", and in full years not only must
there be a surplus over the demand for canning and
drying, but in all years there must be much fruit not
up to the standard required by either. This ought to
go to the still, as it does in France, and be saved in
stead of wasted.
Failure is the alphabet of success, and perhaps the
publicity given to Mr. Korbel's failure in prune
brandy may make him the real founder of profitable
uses for much that is now wasted.
It is stated that as a result of the invasion of China
• the powers the industries of the country were so
Curbed that upward of 900,000 people arc now on
.he verge of starvation, so it would seem that in some
respects the processes of civilization are not widely
different from those of barbarism.
If the bandits who abducted Miss Stone were good
business men they would accept the ransom offered
and close the incident. By holding out for more they
may convince the authorities that it would be cheaper
to offer a reward for the capture of the bandits than
to try to ransom the lady.
The annual horse show in New York is expected
to be eclipsed by the forthcoming automobile show,
xt which it is said there will be exhibited an auto
capable of making seventy miles an hour on a smooth
road.
It is announced that Crokcr is to retire from New
Yor!c politic;:, but it would have been more accurate
to say New York politics has shaken him off.
THE FOOTBALL SEASON.
THE annual football season is upon us. The
various college and university teams have been
in practice since the weather became cool
enough for hot work, and the "rooters" have invented
their various yells, nicely adjusted to their double
purpose of terrifying the other team and encourag
ing their own. The list of casualties in the practice
games is a measure of the strength and courage that
have been developed, and, until the last game
played, horse-racing and prize-fighting will "go way
back and sit down," according to the latest slang,
while this strenuous sport holds the front of* the
stage.
There is no denying the danger of football; the
bruised bodies and broken bones and the annual
fatalities testify to that. But still it stands first in col
lege athletics. Parents may tremble when their stu
dent sons join the team, but as a rule their commands
are in vain. The boy will play and make his muscle
mighty and his eye quick to excel in the rugged
sport. Professors do not always look kindly on the
game. They make rigid rules as to the scholastic
rating of the players. They scold, .admonish and
deprecate. They warn, advise and forbid. Then when
the game comes oft they are found among the
boys on the bleachers, wearing the team colors and
cracking their throats with the demoniac yell. It is
somewhat the same with the parents of the players.
They go in fear and trembling to see the game and
remain to swing their arms and add their voices to
the awful chorus of encouragement, which makes the
field sound like two rival pandemoniums turned loose
in a match at shouting jargon.
When the game and the motive that makes it popu
lar are analyzed it is evident that it is a favorite with
American boys because it has the spice of danger and
is a rugged test of physical strength, alertness and
courage. It is all very well for the staid old man who
is called "daddy" by two or three student sons to
suggest the bucksaw and tough wood as furnishing
the means of exercise when he was a boy. The buck
saw is all right, but running it lacks the spice of ad
venture and competition that gives football its flavor.
Then the use of a bucksaw is very monotonous, and
youth abhors monotony. If it could be invested with
the variety of changer, that add to the charms of
a strenuous game of football, and with <=nme of the
dangers thereof, it might figure as a rival. But as ft
cannot we fear that "daddy" will have to give it up,
and hang up the buck and the saw, like the fiddle and
the bow of "poor old Ned," and take his place on the
bleachers and master the barbaric syllables of the
yell.
To-day our two universities have it out in the an
nual competition game, and the boys of both will be
there, learning something more than the wild and
dangerous scuffle of the play. They .yvill be learning
to keep their temper and their wits, to take care of
their defense in emergency. The winners will learn
to be polite and not patronizing to the losers, and the
losers will learn the most needful lesson of all — to be
good losers, for in all human history no fact stands
out more prominently in war, politics, business and"
society than that the good loser is the final winger.
If we differ from the parents and the professors
about football in colleges we do so with becoming
diffidence, but still we must insist that the rough and
dangerous game teaches something that is not taught
in books nor classroom. . It is for that reason that
young and old, women and girls, men of affairs and
all, will be found on the bleachers to-day to shout ap
proval at the gladiators who will grapple in the field.
Some may get hurt, but, like the game of war and of
life, the battle will go on to a finish, and may the
best men. win.
In his race for Governor of Massachusetts Josiah
Quincy did about as well as could have been expected
by such of his friends as are reasonable, but he will
not be looked to any longer as a Democratic Moses.
PROGRESS IN THE SOUTH.
ONE of the most cheering factors in the South
ern problem is the rapidity with which it is
developing along all lines of industry. It
may naturally be expected that with an increase of
wealth there will come an increase of education, as
well as more industrious habits, and that from those
improvements there will in turn develop a sense of re
sponsibility to law which will put an end to the
homicides and the lynchings which now not only
disgrace the community where they occur but retard
the immigration of settlers, who would materially
benefit the South in many ways.
Of the industrial advance there is no longer any
question. It is, in fact, one of the most notable fea
tures of the development of our time. It hardly
seems credible that in some kinds of production other
than that of agriculture the South now produces as
much as the whole Union did in 1880, and yet the
trade statistics show that such is the case. In fact, the
South is rapidly advancing from an agricultural to a
manufacturing community. Her cities arc increasing
in population and her railroad mileage is advancing
by le^ips and bounds. In a comparatively few years
the South will no longer be poor. She will be able
to educate her children as well as those of other parts
of the Union and to enforce her laws with an equal
firmness and impartiality.
Some evidences of Southern progress have been
recently presented in the New York Commercial Ad
vertiser, and while they by no means cover the
whole subject they are none the less sufficient to show
that a new era has begun for that section of the
country. In 1890 the South had $61,000,000 invested
in cotton factories, but at present such investments
represent upward of $200,000,000. At present the
Southern mills consume annually about 1,600,000
bales of cotton, while the mills of all other parts of
the country consume 1,800,000 bales. Moreover, the
cottonseed oil industry has developed in the South
until it now yields a product of $80,000,000 a year.
•This product a few years ago was thrown away as
waste.
Cotton, however, does not engage all the manufac
turing energies of the South. The advance in tha
iron and coal interests has been not less marked than
that made in the manufacture of cotton goods. At
the present time the South is making about 3,000,
00 tons of pigiron and mining about 50,000,000 tons
of bituminous coal, making an output in each case
which is said to be just about equal to that of the en
tire Union in 1880. Another expanding industry is
that of working up the woods of the country. In
some localities the development of furniture and
other wood-working factories has proceeded so far
they are beginning to be counted as rivals to the lar
gest centers of such industries in the North.
It is to be noted, finally, that the improved methods
of operating gold mines has led to a renewal of gold
mining in North Carolina and Georgia, and fairly
good results have been attained. Thus, in all kinds of
mining, metal-working and wood-working, as well as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
in cotton-spinning, the South is approaching the ac
tivity of the North and the West. It is stated that her
railways are so crowded with business it is almost im
possible for them to handle it.
Surely, with so much in the way of improving ma
chinery, it is not too much to expect there will be
an improvement in the social conditions of the peo
ple, that Bourbonism will die out, and that the South
ern problem, which Is now so perplexing, will solve
itself in the hum of industry, the advance of education
and the establishment of law.
If the report be true that France, Russia and Great
Britain have agreed upon a programme of action with
respect to Turkey, it is likely the Sultan will find a
warm sympathizer in Kaiser Wilhelm.
THE PERPLEXING SURPLUS.
£-> ECRETARY GAGE has complained that the in-
creasing surplus in the treasury takes and keeps
money out of the channels of trade. He is not
the only one to whom the surplus is a matter of se
rious consideration. In fact, there are a very large
number of people who have the money on their
minds by day and possibly in their dreams by night,
and one of the things which will interest us in the
proceedings of Congress this winter will be that of
determining what to say about the surplus and what
to do with it.
At the close of October the surplus for the fiscal
year, which began on July r, had already reached the
sum of more than $23,000,000, and it is increasing
right along. The changes made in the war revenue
act at the last session of Congress were expected to
reduce the revenue by $40,000,000, but such has been
the increased prosperity and business of the country
that the reduction will not amount to niore than
$27,000,000. So we have the surplus and the problem
of deciding- what to do with it.
There are three classes of people who have their
eyes on it. First are the liquor men, who believe the
surplus justifies them in demanding a reduction of the
tax upon liquor from $1 10 to 70 cents per gallon. It
is stated that they have already begun their campaign
and will make a strong attack upon Congressmen as
soon as the session begins. They will not have to
fight the battle alone, for the brewers are organizing
and it is probable the two will combine to bring
about a reduction of taxes upon both whisky and
beer.
A second class of men who are interested in the
money are the Congressmen who wish appropria
tions for their districts. It is stated that a river and
harbor bill carrying at least $20,000,000 of immediate
appropriations is one of the things that are confi
dently expected at Washington. Furthermore, there
is a prospect of a good and liberal appropriation bill
for public buildings and the construction of the
memorial bridge across the Potomac. These bills
will of course find favor with many persons, and they
constitute a very strong force in opposition to the
liquor men and the brewery.
Finally, there is among the departments of the
Government itself a des»re«to relieve the treasury of
its surplus and Secretary Gage of his troubles. For
example, the War Department is said to be of the
opinion that the expenditures in the Philippines next
year will be higher than they were for last year, and
consequently more money will be needed. Other de
partments take similar views of their expenditures.
In short, nearly every one who has' a reach long
enough to get at the surplus has a, decided opinion as
to what should be done with it. ' It is a familiar say
ing that it is easier to handle a surplus than a deficit,
but it must be admitted that ir*would take a pretty
big deficit to make mere trouble and cause more talk
than will be produced by this surplus when Congress
gets down to business.
When the chiefs who made the campaign against
Croker, begin to discuss who did the lion's share of
the work we may expect Mark Twain to rise and
claim the honor of having run him out of town by
"way of a new joke.
MINISTER CONGER has transmitted to the
State Department at Washington a transla
tion of a series of rules and orders adopted
by the newly organized Board of National Adminis
tration in China. There have been many reports
that the new board would set about undertaking re
forms which would strengthen as well as improve
China, and from the documents furnished by Mr.
Conger it would seem the reports have by no means
exaggerated the purposes of the officials now at the
head of the Chinese Government.
The full text of the rules and orders transmitted by
the Minister has not been given out by the State
Department, but from the summary that has been
made public it will be easy to perceive that a new and
deeply significant spirit has been awakened in China.
Among other things the regulations say: "Japan is
of the same continent with ourselves; her change of
methods is quite recent, and she has attained to
strength and prosperity. Her experience has been so
nearly like our own that we may derive instruction
from it. The Chinese Minister to Japan, therefore,
should be directed to make a report of all the changes
in Government methods that have been adopted, and
that have proved advantageous, and send it to us; and
all the Chinese Ministers to the various countries
should be instructed to report the various financial
measures, military laws, commercial and industrial
legislation which prevail abroad, selecting the most
important measures, classifying them, and submitting
them to us for our consideration. The object of the es
tablishment of this Board of Administration is to pro
mote the independence of China. China's weakness
is due to her poverty. The strength of foreign powers
is due to their wealth. Heretofore there have been
debts to the foreign powers unpaid; now there is the
pressure of the indemnity, amounting to more than
$14,840,000 per annum."
It may be that the Chinese will not be able to live
up to the spirit of that report, that Chinese conserva
tism and stagnation will be too powerful for any ad
ministrative board to overcome, no matter how en
lightened and enterprising it may be. Nevertheless,
the very fact that the Chinese Government has been
enlightened is a proof that the whole population may
be moved to some extent by the same spirit. It is to
be remembered that the Chinaman 13 by no means so
stagnant and stolid a man as he has been depicted.
The Chinese who come to California do indeed re
tain their old style of dress and many of their ancient
ways and customs, but they manage just the same to
learn American trades and American methods of
doing business. It is therefore no* unlikely that the
race, remembering the suffering and wrongs inflicted
by foreign Invaders, will set itself resolutely to sup
port the improvements undertaken by the Board of
National Administration. If that should happen the
world will have a new problem on its hands before
the century closes.
AWAKENING OP CHINA.
WHEN KING EDWARD
OF BRITAIN SMILES
SNAPSHOT OF EDWARD OF ENGLAND, WHO IS OF UNUSUAL. SE
RIOUSNESS, TAKEN RECENTLY AS HIS MAJESTY WAS GREETING
HIS FAVORITE NIECE. THE CZARINA, IN DENMARK.
KING EDWARD has not forgotten how to smile, says the New York W r orld.
Since his accession to office the new King has shown himself a person
of unusual seriousness. The royal face, formerly of a decidedly genial
cast, has grown many years graver and older. Nevertheless his Majesty
Is still able to smile, and if you study this interesting new photograph
of him you will know how imperial maj? sty looks when it is greeting its favorite
niece.
At the moment when this snapshot was taken the King was saluting the*
Czarina of Russia. They happened both to be in Denmark, where the King had
gone for the first time since his accession to meet the Queen, and where the Czar
and Czarina were at the same time paying a hurried visit to relatives.
The Czarina Is a great pet with all the many branches of her large family.
She is perhaps the most beautiful sovereign in Europe and is the daughter of
that much beloved Princess Alice, the King's sister. And she was always a spe
cial favorite of Queen Victoria. There were a great many reasons why the King
should have been glad to see her, and he undoubtedly was.
NATIONAL THEATER
TO BE ESTABLISHED
IN WINDY CITY
The first national theater may be estab
lished in Chicago, after all. .An experi
ment looking to that end is to be made
there next spring and out of it is hoped to
grow the national theatrical company and
in time a national theater, too. But the
organization is deemed more important
than the building for housing it, and to
getting the company together the first
efforts of the organizers will be devoted.
The movement has been started by
Henry T. Powers, who will place Pow- j
ers' Theater at the disposal of the com-*
pany be organized for a period of three
months. Should the experiment prove ac
ceptable to the public he says he is will
ing after that to turn the theater over
to the organization for a stated time each
year. It is not proposed to seek Govern
ment or municipal help, but to raise a
fund of $50,000 by private subscription for
the other expenses.
The plan was suggested to Manager
Powers by Leo Dltrlchsteln some time
ago, and he Is, therefore, really its orig
inator. It Is proposed to organise a stock
company of twenty-eight persons to pre
sent the pieces chosen. This will be large
enough to permit the leading players to
appear only three times a week, while the
minor players appear nightly.
Four plays would be tried, and after
they had been on#rlew it could be seen
which was the most popular. Two rounds
of performances, it is considered, would i
show the direction of the public fancy j
conclusively enough. Afterward the piece
or two pieces showing the greatest draw
ing capacity would have the preference in
the succeeding two weeks, the others be
ing played, however, at least once every
week. At the end of a month a fifth play
could be produced or revived.
The promoters of the plan hope to ex
tend its operations to New York. Boston
and Philadelphia. The company, it is sug
gested, could play three months each in
Chicago and New York, if a New York
theater could be secured, and divide the
remaining three months between Boston
and Philadelphia.
"Into cities much smaller than these,"
said Mr. Dltrichstein in an interview, "the
company could not hope to go, but Its in
fluence nevertheless would be felt In every
city, and its repertoire of plays could be
drawn upon, after an Interval, by any
crty. More pieces could be put in with the
knowledge that they could not be played
two consecutive nights at a time with
profit, and a blow would be dealt at the
long run system. Long runs have been
the greatest enemy dramatic art has ever
had, and nothing but a repertoire theater
or a repertoire company can bring about
any change in present theatrical meth
ods."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
First Politician— Do you think we'd bet
ter take the public Into our confidence?
Second Politician — Oh, we'll take 'em
in, all right!— Brooklyn Life.
Prospective Boarder— But I can't Be*?
how a lean dog can signify that you keep
a good table.
Farmer — Why, it's as plain as daylight,
neighbor. You see, we allow the boardeia
to eat so much that there are no scraps
left for the dog.— Philadelphia Record.
"I wish," said the heathen King, "that
our foreign friends would not put so
many suspender buttons in their collec
tions. "
"So do I," responded the chief of the
commissary department. "A few cork
screws would be an excellent substitute
occasionally. "—Washington Star.
¦ a» ¦
Walnut ana .Pecan .fanoche. Townaend. •
Choice candies. Tonwsend'a. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c. per lb at Townsend'v
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
If you want to find out how great a
man is, ask him; if you want to ascertain
how great he isn't, ask his neighbors.
Care, worry and anxiety whiten the hair too
early Renew it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
HlnUercorns. the beEt cure for corns, la cts.
NO MAN'S LAND.
"No Man's Land," over which there has
been a six years' contest between the cor
poration of the city of New York, the
town of Pelham and the county of West
chester, will soon be a thing of the past,
as a bill passed by the recent Legislature
provides for a settlement of this long and
expensive legal dispute.
Ever since the laying out of the city
line in the borough of the Bronx in 1894
there has existed a narrow strip of land
running from the Bronx River in a south
erly direction to the shores of Long Island
Sound, claimed by the city, town and
county, and which has become known
throughout the borough as "No Man's
Land.'' On the Long Island Bound shore
the strip of land In question is about 250
feet wide, and ie tapers gradually for a
distance of two miles or more northerly
until it reaches an angle and dies away
near the heart of South Mount Vernon.
The bill gives the land to the county of
Westchester, but provides tor the con
struction of an avenue 100 feet wide run
ning from Long Island Sound to South
Mount Vernon. The center line of this
avenue will, according to the provisions of
the bill, be the boundary line between
New York and Westchester County, and
the expense of the construction of the
avenue will be borne equally. This new
avenue will also form the eastern boun
dary of Bronx and Pelham parks. Prop
erty owners in the vicinity are elated over
the outcome of the dispute, as it will open
up a territory that has been unimproved
for years and provide a fine roadway lead
ing straight from Long Island Sound.
THE CHINESE BELLE* OF AMEBICA.
THE "RED AND WHITE"
WOMAN. DO YOU KNOW HER?
BEST KNOWN CLUB WOMEN
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
READ "HOW TO GET A NEW
FACE IN SEVEN DAYS."
"ALASKA'S GOOD ANGEL" IS IN
TOWN. /WHO IS SHE?
THE STORY OF THE RESCUE
OF AN ORPHAN.
SWELLEST OPERA CLOAKS IN
THE CITY.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A CEN-
TURY PLANT IN FULL BLOOM?
MOST VALUABLE STRING OF
PEARLS IN THE WORLD.
ARE WOMEN AS SUCCESSFUL
IN BUSINESS AS MEN?
WESTERN STORIES BY WEST-
ERN WRITERS.
LESSONS IN ETIQUETTE-THE
CHAPERON.
EASY LESSONS IN PHYSICAL
CULTURE.
\
THE SUNDAY PAPER OF THE WEST. I
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
WITHOUT CENTS-T. L. H., City.
Nickels without the figure V do not com
mand a premium.
WIZARD OF THE NORTH- L. S. G..
Pacific Grove. Cal. "The Wizard of the
North " was a name given to Sir Walter
Scott.
WALCOTT AND LAVTGNE-Subacrtb
er. San* Pablo, Cal. Joe Walcott and X 1
Lavigne fought in San Francisco October
29, 1897, twelve rounds. Walcott lost.
KEYSTONE STATE— L. S. G., Pacific
Grove, Cal. Pennsylvania is called the
Keystone State from the fact that in the
original thirteen States it was the m
one.
CHINESE INTERPRETER-J. 3.. City.
Interpreters of the Chinese langu;:
the Federal courts are not appoinr
interpreters, but as inspectors, and
paid $4 a day.
QUARTER OF 1853— Subscriber,
any, Cal. A quarter of 1853 does not com
mand, a premium unless it ia one W
arrows at the date and without
around the eagle.
PLANET AND STAR— E. C. E
Benito. Cal. The visible planets
distinguished from the stars by
clear steady light, while the stars
a sparkling or twinkling light.
PRINTING PRESS— CIub Woman
The Hoe perfecting i 3 the latest pr
press. The linotype is not a pr
press. It is a type setting machine, wh: i
makes type at the operator's will.
THE SMALLEST— E. C. E., Pa
Grove, Cal. The smallest European i
ereign principality is Monaco on the
terranean coast a few miles northeast '
Nice. Within its limits is the notorious
gambling town of Monte Carlo.
REPORTERS— D. D., City. Rer>
on newspapers are generally selec
the city editor. Salaries vary with papers
and ability. Shorthand writing is not i
prerequisite for newspaper reporting. Th»>
very best reporters do not use shorthand
and seldom take notes.
SCHOOL EXAMINATION— Subscriber
City. The time for the next examii
for admission into the public schools ha i
not been fixed on the 15th of October. "
For the class of questions that were usel
at previous examinations you should con
sult the Superintendent of common
schools in San Francisco.
FIRE DEPARTMENT— Subscriber. Clt\
No time has yet been fixed for examina
tion for positions in the Fire Departmenr.
Applicants must be residents of San
Francisco for at least five years before
appointment, from 21 to 35 years of age.
able to read and write the English lan
guage and pass a satisfactory medical ex
amination.
NO RELIGIOUS TEST— J. D.. City.
There is nothing in the constitution or the
laws of the United States that say* that
a man otherwise qualified shrill not be
elected to the office of President of the
United Stages because he happens to be a
member of a particular church. No man
is barred from seeking the nomination
for and being voted for as President an
religious grounds.
MOTHER GOOSE— L. S. G., Pacific
Grove, Cal. "Mother Goose" was Mrs.
Goose, a native of Boston, Mass.. whose
eldest daughter married Thomas t
a printer of that city. She composed a
number of nursery rhymes, which she
used to sing to her grandson. Fleet, her
son-in-law, published the first edition at
her rhymes, under the title of "Songs fcr
the Nursery, or Mother Gooses Melo
dies," In 1719.
STEAMERS CROSSING ATLANTIC -
L. S. G.. Pacific Grove. Cal. The first
steamer to start on a voyage across the
Atlantic was the Sirius, which left Bel
fast April 4. 1838. She was followed by
the Great \Ve3tern. which sailed on the
Bth of the same month out of the port of
Bristol. England. Both vessels reached
New York on the 23d of April, the Sirius
leaching port twelve hours in advance of
the other vessel.
BONES OF COLUMBUS— E. C. E., San
Benito. Cal. In 1836 the remains of Co
lumbus were removed from Valladolid 111 1
San Domingo, then in 1796 they were
transferred to the cathedral in $fcm Cris
tobal de la Havana, Cuba, and on July
2, 1887, what were declared to be
bones of Columbus" were placed on an
Italian man-of-war and taken to Genoa
for final Interment. Since then a u.ue*
ticn has been raised as to whether the
bones then taken up were those of Cj
lumbus.ADVESTISE2EBBTS.
NEW SUBSCRIPTION OFFER.
Every New Subscriber who will mention this publication or
cut out this slip and send it and $1.75 will receive:
FREE— AH the issues for the remaining weeKs of 1901.
FREE— Thanßsgiving and Christmas Double Numbers.
FREE— The Companion Calendar for 1902, lithographed
in twelve colors and gold.
The Companion for 52 weeks of 1902 — more than 200
stories, 50 special articles, anecdotes, etc., etc.
From new until January 1, 1903, for $1.75.
Prospectus and Sample Copies sent to any address, Free. * ll>BB *
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION. 201 Columbus Aye., Boston, Mass.
EXPLORERS FIND
ANCIENT MINES
Rediscover Lost Tayapa
Claims in Mex
ico.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Her. B.— A Star special
from Guaymas, Mexico, says: The lost
Tayapa mines, celebrated in Spanish an
nals as having produced $80,000,000 in sil
ver and gold in the seventeenth centuiy,
and which are described on Spanish maps
as being situated In Northwestern Mex
ico about fifty leagues from the sea, near
Dos Pilares. have been found.
As far back as ISSS Robert L. d'Aumalie,
* celebrated French expert, declared the
location of the Cieneguita. in the Sahuria
district, Sonora, to be identical with the
loet Tayapa. The Spaniards are said to
have been murdered by their Indian
elaves near the close of the seventeenth
century, and for 100 years thereafter no
one was allowed to enter that region.
Explorers who have recently returned
from Cieneguita report having dis
covered the old stone prisons and old
emeiters — stupendous work accomplished
• ancients. They say there are mil
lions of tons of ore exj*o6ed, rich in cop
per, silver, gold and in the fcrm of sui
per that could not be worked
by m. n in vogue. They declare
• in sight valued at more than
Had the Proof With Him.
A man came Into the water -works office
the other day and said he wanted to make
a complaint. He was an excited man, who
ed hard, and seemed to be anxious
to have his case attended to at once.
"Say," he remarked, as he passed a
large colored handkerchief around his gen
• xpansf of neck, "I v.-ant to com
plain of a woman who wastes the city
water and I v.ant you to go right up there
and shut it off."
The clerk at once scented a neighbor
hood quarrel, with an incidental desire
ior a petty revenge.
"How do you know she wastes the
vater?" he asked.
The eomplainaru's face grew dark.
"How do I know it?" he cried. "Why,
«she threw a bu I on me!"
The clerk kept a straight face.
"Hive you any proof of the charge?"
rious air.
"Proof V echoed the complainant. "You
. ra got Droof: i ran all the way
own here so's ytm could see how wet I
am."
Then he departed, highly satisfied with
omise that the case would be in
vestigated. — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Did Macaulay Plagiarize?
Last week we referred to Macaulay's
Sew Zealand* r, who is mentioned in the
celebrated essay on Yon Ranke's "Popes
of Rome.' Strange to say, along comes
George Hibbert to say that Macaulay's
traveler was antedated by V.'alpole's.
Here is what "Walpoie wrote:
"The next Augustan age will dawn on
f'the Atlantic. There will
be a Thucvdide^ at Boston, a Xenophon
I w York, and in time a Virgil at
Mexico an'] z Horace at Peru. At last
pome ouriou.- traveler from Lima will visit
England and give a description of the
ruins at St. Paul's like the editions of
Kaalbec and Palmyra."
The gentleman from New Zealand must
Boor to the gentleman from
Peru— Arkansas Gazette.
I ' A Saturday Special in Capes rm
'« This morning we place on bale a ifl
China Seal Cape, ac per illustration ' £
above with two heads and fou.- ¦ 3
tails, at the following special )J2
prices. This is one of the best g
moderately priced garments in our JA
fork and every one of them bears fy
the Liebes label— a positive guar- ¦*
antee of quality— all lined with jig
: heavy cat in: fT.25 ;Pj
fi 16-inch 8.25 S.
ls-inch 0.25 Igf
iMr.il orders given careful atten- (BE
I tion. If you have not received one (Hg
of our catalogues, write for one im- B
mediately. E|
\ & iKcoixp<yß/>aEixO. a
l»-l>W57Po>t 5t.,5.F. 1
I The largest exclusive H
\ fur "house in the world H
TELLS STRANGE
STORY OF THEFT
Man Giving the Name of
Harrington Says He
Was Robbed.
A peculiar story of an alleged holdup
on thelngleside road_was reported yes
terday evening lo the'police at'the'Sev
enteenth-street station. A man giving the
name of Harrington and his residence at
2S* Hyde street reported to the ofSce that
he had been held up on the Ingleside road
during the afternoon and relieved of $400
in money and diamonds and other jewelry
valued at $1500.
"When the report was made, detectives
were detailed on the case, and later they
arrested a suspect, whose name was
placed on the detinue book.
A Mr. Harrington does live at 299 Hyde
street, but both he and his wife deny that
he was held up. Mrs. Harrington said
her husband was not possessed of so
much money and jewelry.
The Harrington who lives at 299 Hyde
street Is employed as a cook in a restau
rant at 113 Ellis street. He denied em
phatically that he had been held up or
that he ever had that amount of money
and valuables about him. According to
his story he quit work yesterday morn
ing about 3:30 o'clock, went directly home
and remained there until about 4:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. He claimed to have
gene to work at the restaurant about fif
teen minutes later. The men in the res
taurant substantiate that part of his story
and say that he had not left there during
the afternoon and evening-.
Harrington claims that he has never
been near the Ingleside road or the Seven
teenth street police station, and *hat he
knows nothing of any such occurrence.
The description of the "Harrington" that
made the report to the police does not
fit that of the Harrington employed in
the restaurant.
Another story of the robbery is that
"Harrington" was riding on the Ingleside
road in a buggy accompanied by a woman.
A man. wearing a mask, stepped out into
the road, caught the horse by the bridle,
.and asked for a match. At the same
time he drew & pistol, demanded the
money of the man and the jewelry of the
woman. The former passed out $400 and
the woman gems valued at $1500. The
police are still working on the case.
The Biggest on Earth.
Here are various salient facts which
show the magnitude of the Newport
News shipyard:
Largest shipyard on the hemisphere.
Greatest tonnage under construction
of any works in America.
Nearly 7000 hands at work.
Thirteen' vessels under way, costing
$27,000,000. or more than $5,000,000 more
than any other firm in the United
States.
Biggest drydock in the world, lifting
capacity 1500 tons, operated by electricity
by one man.
Greatest collection of electrio compresd
ed air power machinery in existence.
Biggest vertical planer ever made.
Lathe 12C Inches swing, capable of turn
ing with ease the largest crank shaft
ever out into a steamship. — Halifax (N.
S.) Herald.
Costly Present for Busch.
The local stockholders of the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Association have closed a
contract with the Pullman Car Company
for the construction of a private car,
which will be presented by them to Presi
dent Adolphus Busch of the association
up<->n his return from Europe.
A party of the stockholders will meet
Mr. Busch in New York City about No
vember 1 and make the presentation, and
return with him in the car to St. Louio.
The car. whtn completed, will be one of
thf- most Furoptuous private conveyances
in the world. It will be finished in rare
hardwoods, elaborately inlaid and deco
rated. The fittings will be of nickeled
steel and polished brass. It will contain
a reading-room, parlor, sleeping apart
ment and a marble bath and lavatory.
The cost will be $50,0C0 —St. Louis Re
public.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 8.
Bark Alden Besse, Kessel, 15 days from
Honolulu.
Hark Albert, Griffiths, 15 days from Hono
lulu.
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley, 9 days from
Roche Harbor.
Si hr Eliza Miller, Johnson, 5 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 5 days from
Coos Bay.
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORTLAND— Arrived Xov B— Fr barK Du
g-ueEClin, from Havre; Fr bark Admiral de
Cornulier. from Liverpool.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr laqua,
from Eureka. . ¦
Sailed Nov B— Stm» State of California, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BROWHEAD— Nov. 9— Stmr Campa
nia, from New York, for Queenstown and Liv
erpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov B— Stmr ,La Sa
vo'\ from Havre.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Deutsch
land, from New York; stmr Palatla, from New
Yorlc
• ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Nov B— Stmr
Cymbalene. from San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed Nov B— Stmr Minnehaha,
for New York.
Arrived Nov B— Stmr Menominee. from New
York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Nov 7-Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelrr. der • Grosse, from- Bremen, for New
York. - "• .
PLYMOUTH— SaiIed Nov B— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York. .
MOVILLE — Sailed ¦ Nov B— Stmr '•¦ ¦ Parisian,
from Liverpool, for St Johns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
WHERE SCHMITZ
MAY BE FOILED
Mrs. Kincaid Has Friends
Who Will Sustain
Her Position.
Influence of the Election
on the Next State
Campaign.
Mayor-elect Eugene E. Echmitz has
gone to the country for rest and quiet
perusal of the new charter. Before leav
ing the city he spoke of the management
of school depaitment affairs and clearly
gave the impression that Mrs. Kincaid |
would not be rsappointed to the Board of
Education and that her successor would
be a man. This statement is taken to J
mean that the Mayor-elect is in favor of
excluding women from direct manage
ment of school affairs. It is known that
Mayor Phelan was guided somewhat by
the judgment of Mrs. Hearst in appoint
ing Mrs. Kincaid. Mrs. Hearst is helpful
to the State University. She is in favor
of establishing close educational relations
between the State Institution of learning
and the advanced schools of San Francis
co. It is said that she will contend
against the Schmitz proposition to ex
clude women from the local Board of '
Education. Her opposition is likely to be i
sustained by strong influences. After
rest and meditation in the country the
Mayor-elect may reconsider his intention
to banish Mrs. Kincaid from the Board
of Education.
There is a good deal of gossip concern
ing the Chief of Police under the Schmitz
regime. The Call can mention throe men.
neither one of whom will b^; Chief. These
three are Michael Casey, ex-Chief
Isaiah Lees and Lieutenant Esola. It is
a sure thing also that Mose Gunst will
not be appointed Police Commissioner and
that the smokers on the force will not
be compelled to smoke Gunst's cigars.
Recognition of Primary League.
It is refreshing to observe that the Pri
mary League has been recognized by one
of the State boards since iast Tuesday s
election. William Harrington, who led
the Independent Republican forces against
the Martin Kelly push in the Twenty
eighth Assembly District at the primary
election August 13, has been appointed
i wharfinger to fill the vacancy caused oy
! the death of ex-Assemblyman Raw. har-
I rington is a good worker in politics and
! a capable, square man.
The public observes with pleasure the
I interchange of complimentary letters be
1 tween the defeated candidates and the
| winning aspirant for Mayor. The felic
i ity of expression is admirable. The com
i pfiments of the season ought to be broad
; ened or extended to embrace congratula
i tory letters from Colonel George Stone,
I chairman of the Republican State Com-
I mittee, to Hon. A. Ruef, letters from
I Judge McKinley of Los Angeles, John
Mackenzie of San Jose, and A. B. Lem
mon of Santa Rosa to Mr. Ruef would
; not be amiss. Judge McKinley, the
i statesman with the handiest type-writing
machine ever produced for political work,
: should lead off in congratulations to Mr.
i Ruef.
Political Atmosphere Is Cleared.
The result of last Tuesday's election in
I San Francisco is bound to have an im
: portant bearing throughout the State.
: Assurance is given that the Republican
; State Convention next year will not be
forced to accept such a programme as the
! allied corporations represented by W. F.
' Horrin may hand to the delegates. Law
1 vers other than \V. C. Van Fleet of San
Francisco and Judge Sweeney of Shasta
. may reasonably aspire for Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court. The field is
: also wide open for every aspirant for the
office of Governor. Senator Thomas
I Flint, George C. Pardee, E. F. Preston,
N. P. Chipman. E. B. Edson, Frank
Short, Eugene E. Schmitz and Henry T.
Gage and others are privileged to regis
; ter for the race on equal footing.
Senators and Representatives belonging
' to the California Congressional delegation
; wisely refrained from interference in the
recent local contest. Senator Perkins,
who admires oratory, although- not an
: orator himself, was deeply touched by the
eloquence of Samuel M. Shortridge in the
campaign. Mr. Shortridge's tribute to th^
, heroism of the colored troops at San Juan
Hill was truly eloquent. Perhaps it was
a failure as "applied to the mere local
purpose of enlisting the enthusiasm of
the Forty-third Assembly District Afro-
American League for Mr. Wells' candi
dacy, but the ' eloquence was there and
Senator Perkins appreciated it. Election
returns indicate that the colored troops
cf San Francisco, to whom the Shortridpe
: oratory was addressed, followed the lea<l
: ership of Ruef and voted for Schmitz.
Good Work Appreciated.
J. S. Parry, chairman of the executive
committee of the Union Labor "party, has
received the followin-g appreciative letter
from Mayor-elect Schmitz:
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 7, 1901.
j Mr. J. S. Parry. Chairman of Executive Com
; mittee of the Union Labor Party—Dear Sir: I
viHh, through you, to thank the Union Labor
j party, its executive committee, the delegates to
I its convention and the rank and file of its vot-
I ers for the trreat assistance and uniform con
! sideration extended to me by them on every
I hand during the exciting and important cam
! paign which has just closed in victory for us.
: Yv> have won a great fight for the wage-earn
i ers of Ran Francisco for fair recognition and
equal rights, and I trust that through my ad
: ministration, based on high and honest princi
ple?, the relations between employer and em-
I ploye will become less strained, and that the
reciprocal rights of invested capital and organ
; ized labor will be so adjusted, through mutual
1 respect and confidence, that the prosperity and
I well being of the wageworkers of San Fran
: cisco and of every other element of our popula
| tion will be constantly assured. I renew my
I promise that I shall consistently work to that
I en^l, and I trust that when my term of office
j shall expire th* wage-earners of San Francisco
! will point with pride to the record of my ad
| ministration, written not only on the official
I books of the municipality, but also in the hap
piness, contentment and prosperity of my fellow
wageworkPrs. I hope to be able to bring about
such conditions by the conservative and safe
, administration of the city's highest office that
\ the working classes will be looked upon with
i favor and respect by all our fellow citizens,
\ and that they may show that such sentiments,
I of confidence and esteem are justified by their
action r.r.d by mine.
I pledge myself now to do all in my power
to improve the conditions ot* the workingmen
I of our city, within every reasonable limit con
i sonant with the proper protection of the rights
'; of others, and I shall be glad at all times to
; receive in such matters your advice and th.;
i counsel of our fellow-workers in the ranks of
: the party.
My election to the important and dtstin
: guished office of Mayer of this great city, an
j honor cherished above all ocner possibilities
1 Yip.f in no wise turned my head, nor will it
; ever make me forget the cause of those whose
j avowed champion and standard bearer I was
] in this campaign. My office will be open and
1 myself accessible to tham and to all of them
: at all times, to the humblest as well as to the
highest, and I shall be plad to receive you and
thf-m at oil times.
While from my position I bore a great part
of tho hrunt of the battle, I recognize now and
shall always remember, that I alone did not
accomplish tho successful result. A large part
of the work was en the shoulders of my
friends, the woikingmen, and a large part of
the victory is due to their loyal and enthusi
astic support. While I shall never allow this
Ito fade from my recollection, it will in the
I nature of things, be impossible for me' to meet
end thank in person the many thousands of
them who voted for me.
I therefore take this method of thanking
them through you, and trust that you will
give my letter such publicity as you may deem
it worth. Very cordially,
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ
Mayor-elect of San Francisco.
CELEBKATE THE VICTOEY.
Naval Reserves Serenade the Sup
porters of Coroner Leland.
The members of the local detachment
of the Naval Reserves were out last night
with a band celebrating the election of
First Lieutenant T. B. W. Leland, U. S.
N. R., to the office of Coroner. Leland
was probably the most popular candidate
on any ticket. His fellow sailormen un
dertook last night to pay the compliment
of a serenade to those that had helped
the doctor retain his office. They had
their hands full, and when they finally
marched to their barracks they had trav
ersed a good many blocks and had been
obliged to omit a good many serenades
The Call came in for a big share of their
musical thanks.
In addition to the band they carried 11
PURCHASE OF STREET-CAR LINES
IS HAILED EVERYWHERE WITH JOY
Advent of Baltimore Syndicate to Bring
Many Benefits, Including the Retirement
of Herrin, Vining, Burke and Lynch
THE purchase by the Baltimore
syndicate of the entire system of
transportation lines of the Mar
ket-street Railway Company for
the sum of $26,000,000 in actual cash
was discussed with extreme pleasure yes
terday in financial circles in this city.
The story of the colossal transaction,
as published in The Call, was read far
and wide and on all sides congratulations
were heard for the men who engineered
the big deal.
The acquisition of the Market street sys
tem by the Baltimore syndicate means
more to the residents of San Francisco
than appears on the surface. Not only
will this city have a model street car sys
tem, but the benefits are unlimited that
will result from the present stockholders
receiving the sum of *26,000,000 for rein
vestment. With few exceptions, all the
stockholders of the Market street com
pany reside in San Francisco. They are
to receive cash for their holdings and, as
a natural consequence, the many millions
of dollars must be invested in this city
and vicinity. The money will net be al
lowed to he idle and certainly will not
be taken to the East or other points for
investment, when so many golden oppor
tunities are but awaiting capital in this
city and State.
Arother great benefit that arises from
the transfer of the street car system to
the Baltimore syndicate is the valuable
advertising San Francisco will receive in
all the financial centers of the East and
Europe.
The field of investment in transportation
lines of the Eastern and Middle West cit
ies has been thoroughly utilized and East
ern capital will regard with interest the
colossal transaction of the Baltimore syn
dicate in San Francisco.
George R. Webb, who has represented
the firm of Alexander Brown & Sons of
Baltimore, which, with its many branches,
forms the syndicate, left for the East
yesterday morning. Two hours previous
to his departure Webb met H. E. Hunt
ington, 1. W. Hellman, R. G. Hanford
and Attorney General Tirey L. Ford. The
final papers of the transfer of the Mar
ket-street company's property were signed
and all were elated at the ending of the
huge deal.
Hanford's Power Is Recognized.
The acquisition of the Market street sys
tem is but a step in the plans of the Balti
more syndicate, and in R. G. Hanford the
world of finance is likely to see the rise
of another Napoleon. Hanford first car
ried through the deal by which the San
Mateo line was purchased by the Balti
more, syndicate; then, in the face of great
difficulties, he engineered the purchase by
the syndicate of the Sutter street line and
the Sutro road to the Cliff House. He
has successfully put through the transfer
of the Market street system and other
enormous financial transactions are being
carried on in similar lines.
As soon as the Baltimore syndicate is in
actual control of the Market street sys
tem it will inaugurate many reforms. It
cannot be too strongly emphasized that
the syndicate, in coming to San Fran
cisco, does so for business purposes only
and will have nothing to do with politics.
It will carefully look into the merits of
the local men who will be available for
executive positions and who know the
wants and desires of the people of this
city. Local men will alone be chosen, and
the names of Herrin, Lynch, Burke and
ANTI-POLYGAMY
CRUSADER TALKS
Mrs. Dr. Elliott of Utah
Speaks of the Wives
of Mormons.
Mrs. Dr. Elliott of Utah delivered a lec
ture last evening in the auditorium of th?
Young Men's Christian Association in be-<
half of the anti-polygamy crusade. Dr.
Elliott has spent a lifetime of active ser
vice among the Mormons. She has vis
ited them as a friend and as a physiciar>.
She is probably one of the best informed
authorities on polygamy in the United
States. She has made the cause of the
women of Utah her own, and declares he.
intention of staying wiih the conflict un
til anti-polygamy is made one of the con
ditions of the constitution of the United
States.
tihe presented the religion of Brlgham
Young in a new light. When Roberts
was making nis fight against removal
from Congress he posed as a martyr. He
appealed to the men of America as to the
injustice of udklng him to discard tho
superfluous wives whom he had prom
ised to support and cherish.
"This sounds very grand," continued
the speaker, "but some of- its torce is
taken away when one knows that- every
one of Mr. Roberts' wives possessed in
dependent means, and that between them
they were able to support him very hand
" l"r. Elliott said that it is the almost in
variable custom for the plural wives of a
Mormon to support themselves. They
take up quarter-sections ot land. In this
way the man with four wives is able to
get hold of some SOO acres of land— plenty
in that fertile State to support wives and
children without any considerable effort
on his part. i
The speaker called attention to the fact
that in this way the Mormons were ac
quiring a vast expanse of territory in a
number of States, and for this reason
alone, she thoaght, some action by the
Government was necessary.
Her interest in the fight, she said, was
the improvement of the condition of tho
Mormon women.
"When a system of ethics produces an
abnormal American woman it Is time for
American womfin to protest."
Dr Elliott then made an earnest appeal
for signatures to a petition to be present
ed by the American women to Congress
asking for the enactment of a constitu
tional amendment of an anti-polygamy
nature.  , ,
Signature blanks were provided last
night and after the address nearly every
one present signed the petition.
Vaccination and Juxtaposition.
"On my right arm, please," said the
sweet young thing.
The physician who was arranging the
vaccine points looked surprised. The
mother, who was supervising the proceed
ings seemed even more astonished.
"You mean your left arm, Clara?" she
asserted. ,
"No I don't; I mean my right arm, an
swered the willful girl.
"But it will annoy yoy so much less on
your left arm," insisted the mother.
Thegirl blushed, but shook her head.
"You don't understand," she said.
"I confess I don't," admitted the
mother. . . .
"Very likely that is because you were
not vaccinated at a time when you were
ergaged to be married," suggested the
girl "Harold has been vaccinated on his
left arm. so I— er— as a mere matter of
convenience, don't you see, when you con
sider the juxtaposition in some circum-
Here the mother and the physician made
a mental diagram of the customary situ
ation when two hearts are beating as one
and quickly saw that the girl waa excep
tionally thoughtful and far-sighted.— Chi
cago Evening Post.
luminated transparencies bearing legends
such as "Leland by 3999," "The Right
Man in the Right Place." "We are thi
Naval Reserves," and so forth. About 201
members of the battalion turned out. Tho
first serenade was in front of the doctor's;
office, where they told him on horn ar.<l
drum that he was a jolly good fellow.
Vining will not be found on the payroll
of the Baltimore syndicate.
Herrin, Lynch, Burke et al. to Go.
The heads of the syndicate have always
been opposed to having men in their em
ploy who try to "do politics" or those
who are unpopular with the public. The
notorious political wire-pulling of William
F. Herrin, the flagrant loobying with
lawmakers by Jere riurlie and the high
handed methods pursued in this city for
years by Superintendent of Construction
.Lynch and General Manager E. P. Vin
ing will make them personae non grata
with the new owners of the Market-street
system of transportation. 'i'ne rule of
Cleanliness ,that the syndicate will apply
to its cars and power-houses will also
rule in its selection of employes of all
ranks. They must have clean records and
business ability alone will be considered.
The syndicate admits through its repre
sentatives that San Francisco has en
joyed a good system of street transporta
tion, but it proposes to give its patrons
a model one in every respect.
In the matter of "transfers" the plan in
vogue in the Eastern systems owned by
the syndicate will be used in this city
and the tickets will be given out at all
connecting line 3 of the system.
The acquisition of the San Mateo, the
Sutter street, the Sutro line and the' Ma
rket-street Company's system but mark
the beginning of the operations of the
Baltimore syndicate.
Plan a Network of Lines.
The street car lines in Oakland, Ala
meda, Berkeley and San Jose have been
inspected and options given on these sys
tems. The San Mateo line is to be extend
ed to San Jose and a network of lines Is
pianned around the bay of San Fran
cisco. New lines will run in all directions
and property around the bay will conse
quently increase in value.
The syndicate is not making boasts of
what it intends to do. The sum of $4,000,
00 that will be expended in improvements
on the Market-street system is but a
forerunner of what will be done later on.
The Baltimore syndicate has every
faith in the future of San Francisco and
adjacent territory and the plans of the
Eastern capitalists will in a few short
years make it possible for a trip to be
made on swift street cars starting from
the ferry depot in San Francisco and by
way of San Mateo, San Jose and other
bay shore cities arrive in Oakland, Ala
meda or Berkeley.
The Market-street system, which passes
into the hands of the Baltimore syndi
cate, has more than 200 miles of road.
The company was consolidated on Octo
ber 13, 1593, out of the Market-street Cable
Railway Company, which was opened
July 4, 1860, and incorporated May 20. 1882;
the Central Railroad Company, incor
porated July 3, 1862, and opened in Sep
tember, 1883; the City Railroad Company,
incorporated May 16, 1863, and opened in
July, 1567; the North Beach and Mission
Railroad Company, incorporated in De
comber, 1861, and opened January 30, 1863;
the Omnibus Cable Company, incorpor
ated December 1. ISB7, and opened and ex
tended 1865 to 1889; the Park and Ocean
Railroad Company, incorporated July 5,
18S3, and opened December 1, 1883; the
Potrero and Bay View Railroad Com
pany, incorporated May 1, 1866, an<l
opened October, 1567; the Ocean Beach
Railway Company, incorporated in 1885;
the Southern Heights and Visitacion Rail
way Company, incorporated in 1892; the
Market-street and Fairmount Railway
Company, incorporated in 1896.
WANDERING JEW
IS A BAD TYPE
Rabbi Voorsanger Talks
of Modern Fiction
Writers.
In the second of a series of lectures on
the "Wandering Jew" Rabbi Voorsangor
spake last night at Temple Emanu-El on
the character of the Jew as portrayed
in modern fiction. His discourse took tho
form of an analytical review of the works
of Rev. George Croley, General Lew
Wallace and Sienkowitz. He spoke in
part as follows:
In the last decades of the eighteenth century
the legend of the Wandering Jew began to at
tract the attention of writers and poets. Dur
ing the last half of the eighteenth century the
Wandering Jew became a beautiful theme and
the people of Israel became identified with that
lonely wanderer. For over three centuries the
Wandering Jew had been set aside as unworthy
the notice of the latter day historian.
Every prohibitive law, everything that could
be done to set him outside the pale of civiliza
tion, everything that could be conjured up to
exclude him from the sublime and cast him
into the ridiculous mold, was taken advantage
of, until the matter had reached its climax.
Goethe, however, depicted him in his true light
as only could a master word painter.
We therefore find two discordant types of
the Wandering Jew. He is painted by some
writers as the wandering son of the accursed
Cain. In the other he ia a poetic being, gather
ing the ends of the mind of man.
R«v. George Croley and General Lew Wallace
have endeavored to present a consistent Jew
ish character, but in each Instance have sig
nally tailed. Seraphiel is the Rev. Mr. Cio
ley's ideal; Beja-Hur that of General Wallace.
Tt-ftimony shows that the most stubborn re
sistance against Rome was made by n son of
Israel. Neither Hannibal, the Goths, the Van
dals, the Huns, nnr the black visaged warriors
of Africa put up a more stubborn resistance.
Both Croley and Wallace are guilty of creat
ing a scandal that is a disgrace to any Chris
tian writer. Both books are as treacherous to
the Jewish race as is the "Prince of Ind,ia."
All make the Jew appear as an accursed being.
It matters not whtye the Jew Is, or what he is
doing, he is always made out as a traitor to
his taith and his country.
It may be true that everything comes from the
Jew, but all the good that is in him is ob
scured by ecclesiasticis-m. Take all the types of
the Jew as he Is depicted by the story writers.
They first make you see him in all his mag
nificence, only to cast him down and make him
a traitor to his belief and hurl him down to the
most despicable depths.
When you read these books be extremely cau
tious, as there is always some subtle poison
within their leaves. The writers lack the moral
courage to paint the historic character of the
Wandering Jew. These are a few of the dan
gerous tendencies of a. literature that is tainted
with ecclestastieism. The time has come that
when a Christian wants to write a legend of
the Wandering Jew he must change his plan
nd bring the Jew and the Christian together
in unity. But the story must be told as they
travel down the pathway of time together, rer
ognizlng in each other, not what the church
has made them, opposing champions, but rather
champions working to the one end and awaiting
the coming of the Redeemer.
Owing to illness Dr. Jacob Nieto was
unable last night to address the Congre
gation Sherith Israel. He will be unable
to speak to-day, his place being taken by
Rabbi Mannheim.
A Prolific Mother.
The Sporting Times says a correspond
ent sends the translation of a narrative
related in La Chronique of Brussels and
headed "Une Pcndeuse." -
"Johann Steiner, a farmer from the en
virons of Salzburg, married in 1882 (when
he was 55 years of age) a woman of
25 residing in the same town. In nineteen
successive confinements this woman bore
first of all. twins eight times running,'
then three times triplets, again four times
twins and finally four times a single
child, which makes in all thirty-seven
children— that is, if we can count prop
erly.
"The last child was born last week, on
the same day— curious fact— that its papa
celebrated his seventy-fourth birthday.
Thirty-four children, of whom twenty-six
are girls, are still living."
The Sporting Time 3 adds: Your prayers
are naturally desired for old man Steiner,
who must be petitioning his Government
to allow the next automobile contest to
take place in tl"e neighborhood of Salz
burg.—Paris edition New York Herald.
POLICE CHIEF
SERIOUSLY ILL
He Is Suffering From
Effects of Overwork
and Rheumatism.
Rumors That He Had Suc
cumbed Cause Alarm to
His Friends.
Reports that Chief of Police William
P. Sullivan was in a dying condition were
spread all over the city yesterday even
ing and rumors of his death were aba
circulated.
The reports were exaggerated, how
ever, and while the Chief of Police is a
very sick man the physicians have every
hope of his recovery.
The Chief has been ailing for some
time. He recently suffered from diphthe
ria, and despite the advice of his doctors
and also of his wife insisted on returning
to duty during the recent strike. He wad
on almost constant duty and the strain
gradually wore upon him.
A few days ago he again complained of
feeling sick and was obliged to take
to his bed. Medical aid was at once sum
moned and it was seen that the Chief of
Police was a very sick man. Yesterday
afterncon reports were circulated that
the Chief was suffering from Bright's dis
ease and could not live. This report was
unfourded. Dr. Bazet last evening called
Dr. Galiwey and other physicians into
consultation and it was announced later
that the Chief was suffering from nerv
ous prostration and rheumatism. The
physicians were undecided as to whether
the Chief was suffering from Bright's dis
ease, but inclined to the theory that he
was not afflicted with that malady.
The popularity of Chief Sullivan was
shown yesterday by the numerous ex
pressions of sympathy heard everywhere
in the city when the news of his condi
tion was learned.
The physicians in attendance hope that
with absolute rest Chief Sullivan will re
cover his health.
An Extensive .Traveler.
Have you spent all of your life right
here in this one place?" asked a stranger
of an old fellow he came across seated
on a rail fence whittling in front of a
log and slab cabin tn one of the back
counties of Arkansas.
"Not by a durned sight," was the terse
reply. "I've been hyar the better part o'
the time; but, la, I hey traveled fur an'
wide."
"Ever been abroad?"
"Wai, not exactly to say abroad, on
less you call goln' abroad to . go from
here way over to Petersville. I been
over there twice in the last forty year.
Its thirty-six an' a half mile to Peters
ville, an' I been furder than that, fer my
ole woman an' me went clean to Hog
back Ridge on our weddin' tower, an'
that's forty-one mile from here. Then I
been over in Pettis county to see my
wife's folks twice, an' that's twenty odd
miles from here. Then I been over to
Rocky Hill ez many ez four times, an'
that's eighteen mile. Ez I say, I been
here most o' the time, but then I've trav
eled fur an' wide all the same. I've seen
the big four-story mill over In Peters
ville, an' the engine kyars over to Pea
ville. I rid three miles on 'em. an' It's
all I want o' the pesky things. I've seen
a calf with two heads an' a feller that
could eat fire an' dance on broken glass
in his bare feet. I see a man hung once
an' a hoss race for a purse of $65. Yes,
sir; I've been fur an" wide, an' I reckon
I've seen the biggest part o' what there
is to see In this world, *nd I don't let on
doln' no more gaddin' about." — July Llp
pincott's.
« ? »
Origin of Four Ones.
There is a tradition that accounts for
the four ones instead of the TV. A
famous French jeweler of the name of
Henry Vick presented to King Charles V,
surnamed Wise, a clock whose dial bore
the correct Roman numerals.
Now, Charles did not know anything,
but being a King, he pretended to omni
science, and after failing to find a flaw in
the works said:
"The clock runs well, but you have got
the figures on the dial wrong."
"Surely not, your Majesty," protested
the jeweler.
"Yes; that four should be four ones."
"You are wrong, your Majesty."
"I'm never wrong!" thundered the King.
"Take it away and correct the mistake."
Vick obeyed. The fashion was followed
by others, and to this day we have 1111
instead of IV.— New York Press.
AMUSEMENTS. .
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY
* And TO-NIGHT.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
JAMES A. HERNE'S
Beautiful Play,
"SHORE ACRES."
SEATS READY,
CALIFORNIA— EXTRA— EIIInghouse and Op- j
penheimer beg to announce the farewell Ex-
planatory Recital 'at the Piano Tuesday after- '
noon, Nov. 12. at 3:15. on WAGNER'S "Tris-
tan und Isolde," by Walter Damrosch.
. SEATS READY. X v .
BE lAS CO Ama THAL£Ss: pA is&
il^ "" ™ mmit e/rr/uut
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVG..
A PRONOUNCED WINNER.
The Great Indian War Play,
NORTHERN LIGHTS
One of the ¦ Most Stirring War Dramas Ever
Seen in San Francisco.
PDIfEC Evening.... 10c, 15c, 23c, 35c, 60c
ittlwCj Matinees 10c. 15c, 2Sc
- Next Week— "LIGHTS O' LONDON."
AFTERTHEGAME
The Students of the
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
Will Present Rostand's Poetic Comedy,
The Fantasticks
AT THE
..ALHAMBRA...
Reserved Seats THIS (SATURDAY) MORN-
.-YfrV'ING at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
; Alhambra Box Office Opens 7 p. m. \ *
PR1CE5........ '... ....... 50c. 75c. 1.00
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES.
TO-DAY AT 2:45 P. M.
SUNDAY . . ... ...... .AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREA TIQN PARK;
'.. . Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S col ST i< Hous .
•- Eleanora Jenkins; Swor and Hathaway; Celia
De Lacy; Wise and Milton; The Laskeys; Deets
and Don; Christian; George Jones: Hinrlcha'
I Orchestra. ."-¦ Reserved Seats. ¦ 25c. Mat. Sunday
AJfU SEZLjZN? S.
GRANDS
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
SUNDAY EVENING LAST NIGHT OF
WALTER B. PERKINS
In the Funny Comedy,
THE NEW BOY.
POPULAR PRICES— IOc. 15c. 25c. 50c. 718.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
• Branch Ticket- Office Emporium.
STANFORD NIGHT TO=NIGBT.
Special Programme. "THE MAN FROM
MEXICO. '
'Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs.
Tickets at Sherman. Clay & Co.'*.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Beginning Monday Evening, November 11.
3 Weeks' Season of GRAND OPERA by the
Entire Company From the
METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE, N. T.
Under the direction of MR. MAURICE GRATT.
Monday evening. Nov. 11, at 7:45: "LOHEN-
GRIN"— Eames, Schumann-Helnk. Van Dyck.
Bispham. Ed. de Reszke; conductor. Damrosch.
Tuesday evening. Nov. 12. at 8: "CARMEN"
—Calve, Suzanne, Adams. Sallgnac, Journet. .
Scotti; conductor. Flon.
Wednesday evening, Nov. 13, at 8: "LA
TR AVI AT A"— Campanarl. De Mar-
cht: conductor. Seppilli.
Thursday evening. Nov. 14, at 8: "TANN-
HAUSER"— Eames, Reuss-Belce, Van Dyck.
Blass. Bispham; conductor. Damrosch.
Friday evening, Nov. 15, at 8: • "LKS HU-
GUENOTS"— GadskI. Homer, Sembrich. D*
Marchi, - Journet. Scotti, Ed. de Reszke; con-
ductor, Flon.
Saturday afternoon, Nov. 15. at 2: "FAUST"
—Calve. Homer. Dlppel, Campanari, Ed. d*
Reszke; conductor, Seppilll.
Saturday evening. Nov. 18, at 8: "MANON"—
Sibyl Sanderson. Declery, Journet. Sallfnac;
conductor. Flon.
Seats now on sale at box office of the GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE. Prices— *2. $3, $4. ft and 17.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
*TIV_OLI*
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening at 8 Sharp.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2 Sharp.
THE TOWN TAKEN BY STORM!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In the Great Musical and Laughing Success*
THE
Belle of New York,
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc. 80c and Tie,
Telephone Bosh t.
oLvh hat r tM?
Belasco and Thall Manager*
OUR STOCK IS
I NCOmF* ARABLE 1
LAST TWO NIGHTS. '
NANCY and CO.
SEE AND JUDGE FOR YOURSELF.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Seats on Sale Six Day* In Advance.
NEXT .'. FOR FAIR VIRGINIA
f*ftl HMD I A SM FRAMCSCin
V U U Ifl Dl A LEADING THEATRE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TC-NIGHT and ALL NEXT WEEK
Every Night (Except Sunday).
?& LE MOYNE
In the Brilliant Historical Play.
THE FIRST charles
DUCHESS OF -SSL
MARLBOROUGB S£&2g
Coming— WILLIAM COLLIER.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY) Nov. 9.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children,
any part except, reserved, 10c.
ABSOLUTE NOVELTIES !
The Onllaw Trio, Burton's Acrobatic
Comedy Dogs, The Lockos, I^n^n
Bnrkhart and Company and the
Bio graph. Last times of Jessie
Dale, Miyo San, Harris and Wai-
ters and the Beaux and Belles.
| CHUTES^ ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT !
PAST MASTER WORKMEN'S ASSOCIA-
TION NIGHT ATTBE CBUTES.
Big Vaudeville Bill!
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK !
HARRY HARMON, HIGH DIVER.
Telephone for Seats— 23.
g§^^ RACING
Every Week Day—
I Wr Rain or >>hine.
I NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
' Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
; Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
1 electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
i land. Also all trains via Alazneda mole con-
! nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
i teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
: cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
| 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
I R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
" • SECOND PIANO RECITAL. f
LITTLE ENID BRANDT^
THIS AFTERNOON at 2:30. V
Complete Change of Programme. \
Including her marvelous Musical Telegraphy. >
etc. , etc.
Reserved seats 50c. Toe and $1. On sale at
Sherman. Clay A Co.'s. • • .
. ' ~. ! '¦ .. • '
PALACE HOTEL."
For a quarter of a century these
[ hotels have been the headquarter* of
! tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. " .' . .
GRAND HOTEL.
i .Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AND STANFORD UNIVERSITY FOOTBALL ELEVENS
WILL MEET TO-DAY IN THEIR ELEVENTH ANNUAL STRUGGLE ON THE GRIDIRON
HOW THE FOOTBALL ELEVEN OF LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY WILL LINE UP TO-DAY AGAINST UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
TENNIS PLAYERS
OF OTHER DAYS
ON THE COURTS
Tom Driscoil, Will and Gus
Taylor, Hobart and Others
Promise to Appear Again
The oft-discussed question as to whether
the champion tennis players of former
years were as skillful as those of the
present day will probably be solved short
ly. The Taylors. Will and Gus. Tom Dris
coll, Walter Hobart and other old-time
experts have expressed their intention of
again taking up the game. For several
years Will Taylor was in a class by him
self on the coast. At that time Champion
Whitney was a beginner. Those who are
in a position to know are all inclined to
think the quality of the game has ad
vanced considerably in the last few years.
Taylor can hardly be expected to regain
hU championship form, but it will be pos
sible to judge from his present game how
he would rank with the cracks of to-day.
He would probably be near the top of the
firfct class, but would have his hands full
beating such men as MacGavin, Collier
and Smith.
"Young Joe" Tobin created a sensation
last Sunday by his brilliant volleying.
With Gus Taylor as a partner, he easily
defeated Collier and Crowell with a small
handicap.
If Tobin could bring his back-court
Btrokes up to his volleying he would be
a hard man for any of the experts to
beat. Tom Driscoil. ex-champion of the
coast, is another beautiful net player. He
16 lcit handed and puts lots of steam into
his strokes.
The handicap doubles tournament held
last Sunday was successful in point of
numbers, but the outcome was unsatisfac
tory, as the winners— C. Smith and Code—
yon the cups by piaying only one match.
They won both the semi-linal and final
match by default.
The tournament committee of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club is planning a novel
tournajnent. This is to hold a tournament
for each of the classes on different days
and an inter-class handicap tournament
for the winners of the classes. The short
ening days and the large entry list make
It impossible to complete a class tourna
ment in one day.
The public courts in Golden Gate Park
are being- placed in better condition and
in a short time will be as good as any
similar courts in the State. The oiled
courts are much harder than they were
at first and will be in first-class order in
a. month or two. The courts are particu
larly fast after a rain. The old band-
Btajid has been removed. In its place is
being erected a fine club house, which
will be fitted with lockers and showers.
It is the intention of the park tennis
players to hold a tournament on the first
Sunday of each month. It would be a
good plan for these players to appoint
a tournament committee to handle the
matches. There will probably be a dou
bles match between Collier and Crowell
of the California (Hub and Routh and
Dur.lap. the park champions, on Sunday.
Football Night at the Alhambra.
At the Alhambra Theater this evening
the University of California football team
¦will be the guests of honor, according to
Berkeley's custom. Rostand's poetic
comedy, "The.Fantasticks. " will be pre
sented by a student cast, under the direc
tion of Professor L. Dv Pont Syle. In
former years the college boys have
bought the seats of one of the regular
playhouses. This year an attempt has
been made to present something original.
No expense has been spared in the prep
arations. The boxes will be occupied by
the football team. President Wheeler,
Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Regent George C.
Pardee and other well-known university
people.
The college management has placed
$260 deposit with the proprietors of the
Alhambra as a surety that the rooters
will not carry away the tscenery or do
any other damage if Berkeley wins the
big football game. Seats have been on
Bale during the last w*ek in both Berke
ley and the city and indications are that
the house will be wHI filled
Record High Jump by a Horse.
CHICAGO. Nov. >.— At the horse phow
in the Coliseum to-night the high jumper
Heather Bloom, a bay gelding, six years
¦nd sixteen hands high, owned by
Willetts of White Plains, N. V
¦ the worlds indoor record for jiimp
.g horses. Heather Bloom cleared the
oar at 7 feet 4 1 * inches. The previous
record was made by Rose Berry who
made- a jump of 7 feet 3V 2 inches "in com
petition with Filemaker in this city sev
eral years agu.
Maher Knocks Out Jeffords.
BALTIMORE. N'o\ . S— Peter Mailer put
a sudden stop to any championship aspir
ations Jim Jeffords of California might
have had to-night in the second round of
what was to have been a ten-round con
test before the Eureka Athletic Club at
Germania Maennerchor. Jeffords was
knocked out. •
Rufus Gets Six Months.
Julius Rufus, who entered the residence
of Attorney A. Heyneman, 2608 Fillmore
street, on the afternoon of August 19,
¦withdrew his plea of not guilty before
Judge Cook yesterday and pleaded guilty
to burgl§,ry in the second degree. As he
had only stolen two razors and Attorney
Heyremar said it was a case for leniency,
the Judge sentenced him to cix months in
San Quentlr
CARDINAL TEAM WILL OUTWEIGH THAT OF BLUE AND GOLD
BY AN AVERAGE OF MORE THAN TEN POUNDS TO THE MAN
Stanford Men Will Not Be Handicapped at the Kick-Off by Either Bruise or Sore Muscle, While
Some of the Berkeley Men Are Not Expected to Last Out the Game Owing to Injuries
Received on the Field— Appearances Indicate That Attendance Will Be Up to Standard
BERKELEY. Nov. S.— The I'niver
sky of California football men
have passed all stages of prepa
ration for ths intercollegiate
game to-morrow afternoon, and
are waiting with what patience they have
for the hour to arrive when the first
whistle will sound. Behind them they
have the loyai support of the college*
they represent— of \he men and women
who have watched them grinding ami
struggling day after day on the gridiron,
and have felt their confidence In the
team's ability to win grow with each suc
ceeding day. The season opened in a
half-hearted fashion, with the worth of
the material in doubt. Time and work
have changed this, and California sup
porters look tor victory. They recognize
the struggle will be hard and the game
close, but in Berkeley there is p. strong
ieelmg of coniiaence as to ultimate suc
cess which aoes not come from loyalty
alone.
No man on the team mentions defeat.
The word has fallen into disuse in the
training quarters, yet those who have
watched the work, stcrinct; and care of
coaches and men cannot say that Cali
fornia has a case of "over-confidence."
The team is going in determined to win,
and whichever way the score goes there
will have been some good football played
in San Francisco to-morrow.
The last twj days have been passed
with just work enough to keep the men
in condition. Signal practice, punting
and running in ct punts has been the ex
tent of the exercise. Considerable time
has been spent in the training (fuarters
in order to get all the benefits possible
of the trainers' care. Bruises were looked
after and strained muscles kneaded and
worked, after the strenuous methods of
athletic training, back into shape again.
On the whole the physical condition of
the team is satisfactory. Dibblee's knee
is not expected to last, but the team has
a good man in Starr to take his place.
Dlbblee may not go on the field at all, for
his condition is such that another night's
rest and care must be had to determine
that. Duden's series of unlucky acci
dents puts his ability to stay through the
game in question. He has gained much
during recent rest and is counted on to
make a good showing, whether in the
game five minutes or throughout both
halves. Btow's shoulder is sore, but
should not hinder his play seriously.
There will probably be considerable
shifting of positions during the game. In [
defensive work it Is planned to have Hud- '
son go back of the line and Womble play
end. More will go in the back field,
where he has no superior on the Califoi
nia team. Should Duden be disabled More
will go in at full. Hudson at quarter.
Womble at end and Whipple at right
half. Should More go out Hudson will g i
to quarter. Womble to end and Whipple j
to half. Should both More and Duden go
out Sherman will be called into action
back of the line. These shifts are made
necessary through scarcity of substitute
material.
Records of the Men.
The men wh« will play for California
and their previous records ar% as follows:
Captain I>. A. Womble will represent Cali
fornia on the gridiron for the fourth and last
time against Stanford. He played at end dur
ing his freshman year and held that position
for the two succeeding seasons. His past work
has gained him the reputation of an alert,
6wift player, strong at breaking up an oppos
ing play and clever in blocking on the line.
Before entering college he played end and cap
tained the eleven from St. Matthew's School.
Womble will go on the field at rierht half
on the offensive, but on the defensive he will
play end. He runs well with the ball, but
when the opposing team hap the pigskin he
is needed on the line for his ability to stop
end runs.
GUNMEN ABANDON
THE OLD IDEAS ON
HABITS OF DUCKS
Are Fooled on Successive
Sundays by the Manner in
Which Birds Were Affected
The gunmen have given up all hope of
knowing what kind of weather is best
for duck shooting after their experience
of the past two weeks. A week ago Sun
day the weather was stormy, with a
heavy wind and every one on the marshes
expected limit bags. To their great sur
prise there was no flight and the majority
of them came home empty handed.
Last Sunday was warm and it was nat
urally supposed In keeping with all prece
dent there would be no flight of birds.
The opposite was the case along the San
Pablo Bay marshes. Ed Schultz, Mc-
Crea, Bruns and Carney secured over 100
ducks made up of sprig, teal, spooneys
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JNU V JKMJSJKK 9, 1901.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY.
PLAYER. Wt. Height. Age., Position. PLAYER. | Wt. !
Position.
PLAYER.
wt. ;
Height.
Height. jAge
Ace
i _ ; ! I j |
Uendotti 164 5:8 1-2 21 Center { i Hanvern.an .'.'.WW I 168 i
Overall 1»8 6:Ol-4 20!.. Right — Gnard — Left .. Thompson 185
Stow 177 6 21 ..Left — Gnard — Right .. Barnhisel 180
Hnntcn 168 5:10 1-2 23 .HiKht — Tackle — Left . . Traeger 187
Albertson 166 5:11 23 ..Left — Tackle Right .. McFadden 180
Hudson ISO 5:7 2O ...Right — End — Left... Clark 165
Starr 143 5:11 3-4 21 1
Dlbblee , 150 U:2 22 J . ..Left — End — Right. ..Cooper 156 |
More 142 I 5:10 22 Quarter Hsiitt I 160 I
f I
Womble 155 I 5:1O 21 Right — Half — Left... Hill 172 I
Mini I 130 I 5:6 2O ...Left Half — Right .. J Fisher 161
Dnden, 1 157 | 5:1O 24 Fullback Sinker j 17s
„ ____
-
o-.10 21
S:S 22
5:11 1-2 2O
.'6:2 20
. Oil 1-2 21
5:1O 22
5:1O 2O
'¦' ' ¦
5:9 23
S:T 21 •
6 ' 22
5:11 I 21
S:S 1-2 j 24
PLAYER. Wt. Height. Age., Position. PLAYER. | Wt. !
i _ ; ! I j |
Uendotti 164 5:8 1-2 21 Center { i Hanvern.an .'.'.WW I 168 i
Overall 1»8 6:Ol-4 20!.. Right — Gnard — Left .. Thompson 185
Stow 177 6 21 ..Left — Gnard — Right .. Barnhisel 180
Hnntcn 168 5:10 1-2 23 .HiKht — Tackle — Left . . Traeger 187
Albertson 166 5:11 23 ..Left — Tackle Right .. McFadden 180
Hudson ISO 5:7 2O ...Right — End — Left... Clark 165
Starr 143 5:11 3-4 21 1
Dlbblee , 150 U:2 22 J . ..Left — End — Right. ..Cooper 156 |
More 142 I 5:10 22 Quarter Hsiitt I 160 I
f I
Womble 155 I 5:1O 21 Right — Half — Left... Hill 172 I
Mini I 130 I 5:6 2O ...Left Half — Right .. J Fisher 161
Dnden, 1 157 | 5:1O 24 Fullback Sinker j 17s
Genilottt. center. play«d sub-center- on the
Olympic heavyweights and center on the light
weights helore coming to college. He was sub
center here last year. Gendotti is light for
the position, weighing but IG4 pounds.
Orval Overt.ll, right guard, is the heaviest
man on the team as well as one of Its most
reliable players. This is his second year on
the varsity, he having made the team during
his freshman days of twelve months ago.
Previous to that he played for three years as
fullback on the Visalia High School team.
Overall has developed into a first-class player.
He is cool and reliable and his giant bulk is
formidable in defensive and offensive plays.
He is often put back to run with the ball and
seldom fallp to gain distance for his team.
In punting he is unexcelled on this gridiron
or perhaps any other on this coast.
S. M. Stow, left gruard, had three years' ex
perience as tackle on the Belmont team before
coming to college. He was substitute en last
year's varsity, but was put in the game soon
after the first half began on account of Clay
being ruled off the field.
J. O. Heaaea, right tackle, is playing on the
varsity for the first time. He made freshman
tackle in 1898, after having some experience
at full on the Arcata High fchool team. He
has been faithful to his university by giving
his time for the past two years to second
eleven work.
W. B. Albertson plays a reliable game at
left tackle. He commenced his football career
on the Belmont team, played tackle on the
freshman eleven in '98 and substituted on the
varsity in his sonhomore year. This is his
second season on the first eleven at tackle.
Harry Hudson is playing at right end after
a past season's varsity experience on the other
side of the line. Before entering college he
played end and quarter on the Marysville High
School team and end at St. Matthew's.
Claude Starr Is playine left end after two
years' experience in the same position at St.
Paul's School, Garden City. Long Island, and
one year at California. He was caotain of
the freshman eleven last year.
Wilson IMbblee will go in at left and some
time during the game, but a wrenched knee
is not expected to let him stay in long. Dib
blee is a eood end and a thorough workeV.
He has had three years at end at Belmont
and was sub-end on last year's varsity.
Johnny More will play quarterback. He has
had a year's experience on the first eleven
in the same position, played two years at half
at Belmont. was fullback on the freshman
team in 1898 and svb-full on the varsity in
'99. More is a splendid back fielder and passes
the ball well at quarter. He is fearless and
swift, but lack of weight makes hi 3 defensive
play weak.
E. Mini plays a capable game at left half.
His work at running ends and diving through
the line is splendid. He played one year on
the Vallejo High School team and was half
in his freshman year at college. Last season
he was snb-half on the varsity.
Ernest Duden is playing his second year as
fullbaclt. His early experience was on the
San Francisco Young Men's Christian Associa
tion eleven and as center on the freshman team
and a few "cans" at their shooting lodge
near Sears Point.
Edgar Forster and Ben Baum each se
cured f-ome twenty-three birds also on
San Pablo Bay.
The marshes near Belmont were alive
with sportsmen last Sunday in quest of
rail. The season closes on the 15th inst..
so that all who can are taking advantage
of the last opportunities offered.
The market hunters apparently do not
keep informed on the laws governing the
killing of game in this State. Every day
the deputies of the Fish and Game ' Co
mission seize quail sent into the market
to be sold. I'nder the new law no quail
can be exposed for sale.
Chaffer Admits He Got Drunk.
The Chaffer divorce suit yesterday end
ed in a decree of divorce and the custody
of two minor children being given to Mrs.
Chaffer. Suit was brought for divorce on
the ground of extreme cruelty. Chaffer,
who testified yesterday, admitted getting
drunk "about three times a month." but
said he seldom got so drunk that he was
not able to navigate. He got drunk, he
said, every time he went hunting.
Mrs. Chaffer testified that her husband
insisted on having his hunting dogs
sleep on her best rugs and that he
would come home at 4 a. m. and- compel
her to get up and cook his breakfast, so
that he could make an early start on a
hunting trip.
Position.
in 189 S. In '99 he tried for a position back
of the line but failed to make the varsity.
• What the Coaches Say.
Head Coach Dr. Frank Simpson looks
for a close game and hopes for victory.
He says: • * . , . •
We have endeavored to develop an all 'round
team, which 'Will not have to depend alone on
punting or bucking or end runs, but can use
them all with equal facility. We have ¦ been
handicapped greatly this season 1 , by lack of
material. I have no complaint to make of
the men who are in the team or who stayed
with the game, but many men have deserted
us, "especially freshmen, and there are a lot
of big men around . college who ought to be
in .suits but who are not. The boys ! who
stayed with practice deserve great credit for
the manly way in which they have conducted
themselves. So far as I know there has been
i'O friction among them and never, a word of
complaint has reached me. They have worked
faithfully and as a result we have a good
team that will play together and put up a
hard, gritty game. If they ape defeated they
deserve the same credit for their honest work
as if they are victorious. With our strong de
fense and ' capable punting we should not
allow a big score to be run up against us.
Our defense ought to hold them. We hope for
victory. -.-.- ¦ ¦-...-,.¦
L. A. Womble, capta'.n of the eleven,
has this to say regarding to-morrow s»
game: . -'. . -
The long grind of the season ii finished.
The coaches have done their best for the team
in every way and I feel confident that, come
what may. California will be prepared to meet
It. A certain lack of material has been off
set by the spirit and determination shown by
the men. Too much cannot be said in praise
of the small body of. loyal men which has
stood by the team and the coaches and en
abled them to whip into shape the varsity
material— l mean the second eleven. The team
Is a. good crowd bf light, gritty fellows who
will stay with the game to the finish and I
sincerely hope that finish will be across the
Stanford goal line. -V,
Assistant Coach James Hopper spoke of
to-morrow's prospects as follows: :
I consider the chances for to-morrow's. game
about equal. Looking at things as cooly and
dispassionately as I can, I see no ground for
the tremendous confidence displayed by our
I.l°. ,° . frlenda - The California team is
lighter, it is true, by about, fifteen pounds to
m 2m 2 n v,. But " !s made U P of men who are
grim fighters and who throughout- the season
have shown themselves most dangerous Just
when things seemed most against them. The
* o t rk J,, th , e team through the season, while
not brilliant, has been consistent. Out of five
games played it has won four, the fifth being
fn Vvf* i»o»^?i a be , en ' scored upon only once—
-ether 29 nn?m m ? iC - Same V II has Bcored alto
ford during ti? to Ofc for its opponents. Stan
ri. a stbe same time, .piled Up 35 to 6
for its opponent?., but its points were lm
out n of t tr lT' ««vin» i 6n?y n thre?'vTctorl3
fo^ 0 L fi ; Barnes. So that/although Stan
ford has scored more points. ..California has
QUINNAT SALMON
STIRS CURIOSITY
OF THE ANGLERS
Fish Which Approaches It
in Appearance Is Seen in
White Hou ; c Pool, Pt. Reyes
I Fishermen and fish. culturists. are great
y excited r . over the appearance ,of what
is pronounced Quinnat salmon in the
White House pool, near Point; Reyes
Hotel. A large . number of ¦ fishermen
journeyed there last Sunday. 1 but the fish
refused J:o take any of : the lures offered
them. They could be seen distinctly mov
ing about, but the wiles of the fishermen
were.wasted on them. ':..;,*.¦ .-;,
The Interesting part of s the matter, Vto
men who make a study of the propagation
of salmon, is that some of these fish were
it a ?«*% at P , oint ; Re es four yearsago.
to tvL , aimed v. the -fish return to spawn
to the place whence they originally start
Height. jAge
Height.
wt. ;
PLAYER.
„ ____
-
o-.10 21
S:S 22
5:11 1-2 2O
.'6:2 20
. Oil 1-2 21
5:1O 22
5:1O 2O
'¦' ' ¦
5:9 23
S:T 21 •
6 ' 22
5:11 I 21
S:S 1-2 j 24
won more cames-a face not absolutely dis
couraging to the b!ue and gold.
The features of Stanford's game which I
consider most dangerous to California are
Maker s line hammering and Traeger's place
kicking- Neither team has any man approach-
Inp Slaker for relentless, ferocious bucking
Iraeger, with an additional season's practice
has become very dangerous this year. Overall
of taJifornia Is also place kicking, but h- is
of course, one year behind Traeger in th* sub
tle play. The punting will be about even for
distance, but in California's favor for accur
acy. In I would say that Stanford
has gome advantage in offensive work, neu
tralized to a degree by California's stronger
detense.
Will Banquet California Team.
The alumni of the University of Califor
nia will tender a banquet to the Univer
sity of California football team on Mon
day night, the 11th inst., at 6:30 o'clock
at the Merchants' Club. Mutual Life
building, corner California and Sansome
streets. An interesting banquet is ex
pected, as all of the football team, coach
ers, trainers and members of the faculty
will be present. All alumni of the univer
sity are expected to avail of the oppor
tunity to be present. President Green
Anson S. Blake, Warren Olney Jr.. Bur
banks Somers and Frederic E. Mages
make up the committee in charge.
Olympic Club Swimmers.
Leader John A. Hammersmith, of the
Olympic Club, is arranging some swim
ming matches for the 27th inst. It will be
a ladies' night. The affair is compliment
ary to Percy Cavill, the swimming
teacher, who is about to retire in favor of
his "orcther Sydney.
During the first week in December a
wrestling tournament, made up of «ix
special bouts, will be held. After that~ a
boxing tournament is In contemplation.
To Test the Game Laws.
Judge Cook dismissed the writ of ha
beas corpus yesterday in the case of S.
Kennecke, who was convicted and fined
by Judge Cabaniss for violating the new
game laws by having more than twenty
five quail in his possession. The pris
oner was remanded. The case will now
be taken on appeal to the Supreme Court
to test the constitutionality of the new
law.
Jack O'Brien Wins in England.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 8. —At the Liverpool
Gymnastic Club last night, in a boxing
contest for a prize nf £400. Jack O'Brien
of Philadelphia beat Jack Scales of Lon
don in the first round.
cd. If these prove to be Quinnat salmon
they will help prove the theory.
Heretofore these fish have entered only
the big streams of the coast, the Colum
bia, Sacramento and Eel rivers, tie latter
through Humboldt Bay. It will be inter
esting to fishermen if they should here
after appear in the smaller streams.
The California State Fish Commission
will shortly commence the distribution of
4,500,000 salmon fry in the public waters
of the State. The eggs were taken at the
United States hatchery at Battle Creek,
twenty miles from Redding, and were
hatched at Slsson under the direction of
the California Commissioners. There will
be a take of 1.000.000 salmon eggs at the
hatchery just completed by the United
States Government at Mill Creek, near
Tehama. There was a question as to the
wisdom of locating the hatchery at that
point, but this has already been dis
pelled. •
A sixteen-pound striped bass was caught
near Tiburon last Sunday by C. B. Holly
wood while trolling. The same fisherman
caught a number of eight and nine pound
ers.
A large number of men fished success
fully for rock cod near Tiburon, return
ing with good catches.
The trout season under the new State
game law closed on the Ist lnst This
is one month earlier than it closed under
the old law. It will open a month earlier
next season.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov.
B.— The cardinal eleven went
through the final signal practice
to-night prior to their effort on
the gridiron to-morrow. The team
will not leave Palo Alto until to-morrow
morning, arriving in San Francisco abouc
1! o'clock, when they will proceed at once
to the Palace Hotel. They will remain
there until time for the final contest.
Coach Fickert says of the outlook:
To-morrow's game will be even harder fought
and the teams more evenly matched than they
were last year. Berkeley's principal chance of
scoring lies in end runs and straight plunges.
However our ends will be stronger than people
¦ generally believe.
Trainer Moulton vouches for the condi
; tion of the men in the following state
ment:
The men are all in first-class condition ami
: will go into the game without a bandage — alk
! being in proper shape. No one of them will be
! handicapped by a bruise or sore that amounts
ito anything. The condition of the team i 3
i such that they should put up better bail In
: the second than In the first half. I believe the
men have followed training rules as closely as
possible and I appreciate their faithful train
ing and think it will bring forth good results.
Captain' Fisher te cheerful over the
piospects, but not overconfident. He said
to-day:
We think we are to meet a team just about
equally as good as ours— the chances are even.
Most of our new plays will be a mixture of
Eastern and Western football and there is
some doubt in my mind as to their effective
ness. We are going to play a good, hard clean
game of football and if we are defeated it
will be because we have met a better team.
A perusal of the descriptions of the
varsity men, aa given below, shows that
the average age of the cardinal varsity
is nearly 22 years, the average height 5
feet 10 inches and the average weight
l-early 174 pounds.
Captain Ralph Stephen Fisher, '02, right half,
had no previous football experience before en
tering Stanford. He did not appear on the
"grid" during his first year here, but made
the varsity in his sophomore year. Last year
a disabled shoulder kept him out of the game.
Fullback Frank L. Slaker. '02, played two
years on the Chicago University team and last
year on the Stanford varsity. Slaker 1 s home
is in Aurora, 111.
Left Half Harrison W. Hill. '0?," registers
from Redlands, Cal. He played on th* '01
freshman team and has served two years on
the varsity.
Quarterback Charles B. Raitt. "03, was cap
tain and quarter on the victorious '03 fresh
man team and has had experience in the last
two intercollegiate contests.
Right End Kenneth F. Cooper. '02 registers
from Portland. Ore. He was quarter on the
'02 freshman team, played two years on the
second eleven and last year at right end on the
varsity.
Right Tackle Ralph J. McFadden, '04 played
center on last year's freshman team and was
also center on the varsity during- part of tr
game.
Right Guard Walter B. Barnhisel. '93 regis
ters from San Jose. He has played his dosl
ton on the '03 freshman team and also on
the second eleven.
Howard S. Lee, '03. and Cornelius D. Hauver
man, '03. will alternate at center. Lee come*
from Denver, has played two years at center
on the varsity and also held that position on
the '03 freshman team. t~»icion on
Robert A. Thompson. '03, left guard nlaved
on the second eleven last year. ' "J" 7 "
Left tackle William I. Traeger. '03 register*
fom Porterville and has starred at tack c on
the varsity for two years. He aiso played oS
his freshman team. P'ayea on
George H. Clark, 04. left end. with the ex
ception of HauVerman. is the only man on the
team that has not had previous varsity «
perience. He has played three years as »n-i
and halfback on the Hoitfs Preparatory School
team and was fullback on the '04 freshman
team.
Of the ten intercollegiate games played
Stanford has won five and the University
of California two. The remaining thrpi
were tie games:
Ace
PRESIDIO LINKS
ATTRACT MANY
OF THE GOLFERS
Handicap Match and a Round
for the Council. Cup Are on
Programme for Decision
The second round of the handicap match
play tournament of the San Francisco
Golf Club must be finished to-day, the
only match necessary to complete the
round being that between S. L. Abbot Jr
scratch, and J. H. Mcc, who has a handi
cap of four strokes. The winners of the
matches played on election day were H. C.
Golcher. W. H. La Boyteaux and Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh. In the seml-flnal round
H. C. Golcher will play on even terms
against W. H. La Boyteaux and Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh will try conclusions
against the winner of the Abbot-Mee
match. If S. L. Abbot Jr. should get
PLAINS MEETING
IS INTERESTING
COURSING MEN
Are Preparing to Send the
Best of Their Greyhounds
to Petaluma Next Monday
The chief topic of conversation in cours
ing circles is the annual open plains
meeting, which will be held at Petaluma.
rext week. More interest is manifested
in this year's event than in any past sea
son. This is due to the accessibility of
the grounds selected for the trials and
the favorable conditiona offered enthu
siasts from San Francisco. The orticers
ol the Interstate Coursing Club, under
vhose auspices the meeting will bt
are anxious to make the event a feature
of the sport of the leash. That nothing
may be left undone which would contri
bute to its complete success W. H.
Hinchman and Peer Tiffany have been
delegated to visit the "City of Little
Hills " with instructions to aid in ar
ranging all necessary details.
The .Petaluma event will exceed in en
tries any previous meeting and from pres
ent indications will be the banner affair
ot its kind.
The drawing will be held at Pythian
Castle to-night. It is expected a ninety
six-dog stake will be filled. The best
hounds are already named and as the
ciub guarantees lively hares there will
be no disappointment in the search for
good trials.
Of the nominators D. J. Healey will
have his kennel represented with six of
its fliers. Pasha Kennels will have a like
number, as will also George Sharman.
Albert Curtis will run three of his
coxirsers in his own name and will loan
several of his fast ones to members of
the club. Captain Cane will run three of
his dogs ana "Mike" Nealon wi!l have
Aeneas, Achilles and Athena to fv for
him. Hugh Lynch, with four entries, ex
pects his Junior champion, A. J. Martin,
to bring him home a slice of the purse.
\V. C. Glasson has entered Sleigh Bells.
Lady Sears and Master Workman, an.L
other nominations have been spoken fur
by P. J. Reilly. Charles C. Griswold.
George Malcolm. P. Bf. Clarkson, Chiarini
Bros., P. Doyle. J. Horn, Sterl & Knowies.
Eugene Geary. W. H. Robinson, Edwin
Hood, Star Kennels. H. C. Klevesahl, W.
H. Hinchman. T. J. Cronin, Otto Zahl
Fred Price and M. Walsh.
Upon the outcome of the Petaluma
plains meet depends the running of. the
proposed heat stake. Many of the owners
whose coursers are admittedly in a class
below that of the speedy champions in in
closed meetings expect to even up mat
ters on the field. If their hopes are real
ized they will be anxious to give their
opponents a return at a game whers
stamina is as great a factor as speed.
D. J. Healey has withheld his champion
greyhound Sisquoc from the plains meet
ing in anticipation of a match with Albert
Curtis" stake- winner Beacon. The Peta
luma coursing man is ready, he sa'
run for $250. winner to take all. " This
should impress Curtis as an easy p
sition. While Sisquoc is *a good, strons
dog and a winner for his owner, in i
match race with Beacon, where speetl
would be the prime factor, the talent fig
ures he could not be trained to get foot
enough to offset the great blue grey
hound.
INSPECTION OF TROOPS
BEGINS AT THE PTtESIDIO
Soldiers Being Hurried to City From
All Directions to Sail on
Grant.
Colonel J. L,. Chamberlain, inspector
general of the Department of California,
has commenced his semi-annual inspec
tion of the troops in this State. The de
tachments of» coast artillery stationed at
the Presidio were inspected yesterday
and the rest of the force at the post will
be looked over to-day.
The Grant is to sail on November 1".
and troops are being hurried to the city
from all directions in order to make up
the quota of 850 men which the War De
partment has ordered to the Philippines
on that date.
It is rumored that an investigation is
being carried on by the military authori
ties for the purpose of determining the
right of the Spring Valley Company to
P" m P water from Lobos Creek, half of
which belongs to the military reserva
tion. Army officers, however, deny that
any such inquiry is in progress.
into the semi-final round he will play
from scratch. Captain D. J. Rumbauga
receiving a handicap of three; while if
J. H. Mcc proves the winner in his match
against S. L. Abbot he will meet Captain
Kumbaugh, who will concede one stroke
After the handicap tournament la dis
posed of. the following eight will play
in the opening round for the Council's
cup: John Lawson versus J. W Bvrn^
Dr. T. G. McConkey versus J. H Mcc"
S. L. Abbot Jr. versus H. C. Golcher ami
717 1 a en Gregory versus Leonard Chenery
In this contest all the players will be on
even terms The winner of the final round
will have his name Inscribed on the Coun
cil's cup. receiving a replica in miniature
as a memento of his victory ""*"«* lure
The San Rafael golfers are still using
their course in Happy Valley, but after
the first heavy rain the course will he
closed and steps taken to put It inthor
ough conditfon for next year Durfng the
wet season the golfers will use some tem
porary greens for practice. a «" 10 ' em
Though the putting greens of th« qq a ,i
sallto Golf Club areVgood order so me
parts of the course are so much cut up
by the building operations of the Federal
Government that little play is going on.
As won as the course has .been we
soaked laborers will be set to work on it.ADHERENTS OF EACH TEAM PREDICT VICTORY FOR THEIR REPRESENTATIVES,
BUT LOOK FOR A SEVERE STRUGGLE AND A SMALL SCORE FOR WINNING TEAM
HOW THE FOOTBALL ELEVEN OF UMVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WILL LINE UP AGAINST LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY.
ANGELS SUCCUMB
TO THE WASPS'
HEAVY BATSMEN
Uncle Henry's Young Men Hit
Out Victory in First Two In
nings of Yesterday's Game
The Wasps wiped out the defeat admin
istered to them by the Los Angeles team
oa Thursday by batting out a victory yes
terday at Recreation Park by a score of
v to 5. Their eight runs were all garnered
¦ first two innings.
In the first inning three runs were
s-cored after two men were out. Xordyke,
rat batter up, flew out. Wilson
singled. Hiidebrand walked and Schwartz
ut. Pabst hit the right field fence
I two-bagger, scoring Wilson and
.rand. Krug singled, bringing home
Shay retired the side,
heavy bombarding came in the sec
ond inning. Oscar Jones, the Los Angeles
t wirier, breathed a sigh of relief when
aw the third man out. Reilly, the
nan up, tore nff a two-bagger.
Whalen was out at first. Nordyke lined
\ hirh hit the top of the right
bounding back into the lot.
Another inch or so and it would have
a home run. Reilly scored on the
Wilson followed with a three-bagger,
rdyke. Hiidebrand lined out a
-:: agger and scored on Schwartz's
Pabst was out trying to make sec
. » - hwarts with a two
v.as up a second time and
ring the side. This ended
r.-pettinp for the Wasps.
Angeles- took two in the fourth, two
n the seventh and one in the eighth.
7wlce a timely single would have scored
wo men for them, but they were not
•'. to the opportunity. The score:
LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill, c. f 5 10 0 6 0 0
-rty. r. i 4 2 10 2 0 0
n. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 10
2b 4 0 2 0 2 3 0
lb 3 1 3 1 10 0 0
"4aJl. 6. s 3 10 0 0 10
3b 4 0 10 10 0
Spies, c m 4 0 10 111
p 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
Totals , 35 5 6 1 24 10 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
N'ordytae, c. f 5 110 10 0
".Vi'son, c 5 2 3 14 10
Hiidebrand, I. f 3 2 10 3 0 0
irtz, r. f 4 10 0 0 2 0
Pabst, lb I 1 I 0 11 • f
Krug. 2b _ 4 0 3 0 3 4 0
t3oo 0 2 12
fb 3 110 3 11
"U'haletJ, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
als 35 8 12 1 27 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
r.g-eles 0 00200*10— 5
Best hits 0 10100330—8
rancisco 3 5000000 •— 8
Base hitß..~ 3 6 12 0 0 0 0 "—l2
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whalen 2, Jones 5.
Three-base hits— Wilson. Hiidebrand. Two
hits—J. Reilly, Krug 2, Pabst, Spies.
I'irft base on errors— Los Angeles 3 First base
led balls — Los Angeles 2, San Francisco 3.
D baser— Lo>" Angelee 4, San Francisco 7.
r out— By Whalen 1. by Jones 1. Hit by
—Hiidebrand. Double piaye — Whalen to
- to Pabfct ; Krug to Pabst; Krug to Shay.
Tim* of game — 1:30. Umpire — Levy. Official
ecorer — McFarlin.
Senators Defeat Oakland.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. B.— The Senators
won a listless game from the cripples to
day by a score of 9 to 3. The redeeming
features of the game were Flood's work
and heavy batting and Mclaughlin's cap
ture of a hard hit fly. The game was
called at the end of the eighth inning on
account of darkness. Babbitt wrenched
his ankle to-day and went to the bench.
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood, 2b 6 1 3 1 2 •-, 4 '¦- 0
t?heehan. Sb 4 10 0 4 0 0
Stanley, c 4 1 I 0.4 0 0
Courtney, c t 4 2 3 1 2 • 0
Hoffer. r f 3 2 10 10 0
Eavls. lb 3 11110 0
McLaughlln, If 4 0 10 3 0 0
faux. s s 2 0 0 0 4 1 ;•
Stridden, p 3 1110 10
Total* 32 9 10 4 24 6 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kohler. 2b 8 0 0 0 4 4 0
Franck?, 3b and If.. 3 0 1 0 1 2 1
Dunleavy. f s and 3b 3110422
Pirelb. c f 4 l l 0 l o 0
Eagan, lb 4,120900
L,Dhman, c 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Hamilton, rf 4 0 2 0 2 0.1
Hansen. 1 1 and c... 4 01 0 1 » 1 ¦ 0
Schmidt, p 3 0 10 0 5 0
Babbitt, s c 1 0 _£ _2 J? 0 0
Totals 22 3 9 0 24 17 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento I 33200 10—9
Base hit* 0 2 8 3 0 0 0 2—lo
Oakland 0 0030000—3
Base hit* 1 004120 1— 9
SUMMARY.
Rung responsible for— Schmidt 6, Strlcklett 3.
Three-base hit*— Courtney, Flood. Two-base hit*
—Flood, Hamilton. Sacrifice bit— Davis. First
bitre on errors — Sacramento 3. • First base on
csJled bails— Oakland 6, Sacramento 2. Left on
buses— Oakland S, Sacramento 7. Struck out—
By Schmidt 1, by Strlcklett 3. Hit by pitcher
— Devereaux, Mohler. Passed Hansen.
Wild pilch— Schmidt. Time of game— l:so.
Umpire— Harper. Rutherford. '¦-•'¦.
Bodies in a Burned Mine.
? PSKMER. Mich.. Nov. B.— The fire Id
o min.e was extinguished to-day
f I MMM had been done.
n wag found. Th.?
rnbed man, Wil
li*in». b««.~^ t>een found.
OARSMEN SEEKING
SAFE ANCHORAGE
FOR THEIR HOMES
March of Improvements in
Mission Bay Deprives Clubs
of Their Former Locations
At the last reguiar monthly meeting of
the Ariel Rowing Club the following nom
inations were made for officers to serve
during the coming year: For president,
Charley Wilson; vice president. A. W.
Taylo™ financial secretary, Eugene Flan
ders; treasurer, Johnson Hardy; captain.
W. McKee and Harry Foley; lieutenant
captain, E. L. Smith; directors, Robert
Ellis, A. W. Taylor, W. T. Howe, Robert
Collins, P. J. Enright, George McGinnis
and Leon Franks; delegates to the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union, E. J. Lynch, A. W. Taylor and
W. Keegan. Among the candidates are
most of the best known oarsmen in the
club. Charles Wilson, Robert Ellis and
W. T. Howe having rowed in the senior
barge crew and Harry Foley and E. L.
Smith being members of the junior barg-j
crew which took first place in the Lake
Uerritt regatta. P. J. Enright is a past
president, and E. J. Lynch is nearing the
end of his term as president.
The representatives of the Ariel Row
ing Club have been assured that a site
for a boat house will shortly be assigned
them by the Harbor Commissioners. The
new plans of the drydock company
leave the location previously selected by
the Ariels open and it is not unlikely that
the club may get it, in which case the
work done on the concrete piers will not
have been wasted. In aid of the building
fund the club is preparing to give a mas
querade ball at Saratoga Hall on Satur
day evening. November 23.
Several members of the Olympic Boat
Club were out last Sunday in outrigged
skiffs on Tiburon lagoon and Belvedere
Cove. It is proposed to hold a regatta in
the cove at an early date, probably Sun
day, November 17. The plans of the
Olympians for securing a tract of land
in East Oakland for an athletic field
seem to have failed, but some other suit
able ground on San Antonio estuary may
be found.
Alameda Cricketers' Averages.
The batting and bowling averaged of
the members of the Alameda Cricket Club
for the season of 1901 have been prepared
by the secretary. They show Bert Bird
at the head of both lists. His batting
average for twelve completed innings in
association matches is 37.1, his best score
in a single inning being 120 runs. In
bowling he took 23 wickets at an average
cost of 6.5 runs. The batting averages of
those who batted not less than four times
ere as follows:
1
-?'~? Si >
I S* E |
BATSMAN. || §a. » §
: • ? •
Bert Bird 12 , 120 i 445 i 37.10
F. J. Croll 13 | 73 I 306 23.50
J. J. Moriarty 8 62 | 183 22.90
G. H. Ward 12 51 j 147 12.30
G. I. Baugrh.... 6 21 58 8.60
R. B. Hogue 7 26 67 9.55
W. G. Fortmann 8 13 40 B.M
A. F. Stahl 10 15 49 4. 50
H. Ward Sr -. 5 16* 22 4.40
A. "Willis 9 11 39. 4.30
W. Richter , 10 14 42 4.20'
H. W. Brown 3 2* 4 1.30
•Not out.
Bert Bird and F. J. Croll, who have
learned cricket wholly in California, have
now surpassed their teachers, having
made most runs during the season and
having the two highest innings of the
year to their credit. F. J. Croll has
played in more innings than any other
member of his club and only one other
player, G. H. Ward, equals Bert Birfl's
total number of completed innings. Tile
veteran batsman J. J. Moriarty's average
is a little below that of Croll and much
below that of Bert Bird. He has been ill
and has not been able to do himself jus
tice.
In bowling Bert Bird has the best aver
age, but Harold Ward's performance is
really better, as he took more than twice
as many wickets at a slightly greater
east. The averages of all the bowlers
who captured any wickets in an associa
tion match are given below:
Alanwda Cricket Club— Bowling averages.
Wickl Aver-
BOWI.ER. Runs. ets. | age.
Bert Bird 150 23 6.50
H. Ward Jr 397 51 7.70
F. J. Croll 303 34 8.90
H. Ward Sr 48 5 8.60
F. A. Stahl 62 5 12.40
W. G. Fortmann 133 9 14.80
J. H. Saundere 83 2 16.50
R. B. Hogue 24 1 24.00
» Mission Road to Be Improved.
The Board of Public Works received
bids yesterday for the paving with asphalt
of Mission street from Silver avenue to
Onondaga avenue. The Alcatraz Asphalt
Paving Company was the lowest bidder,
at $59,296 60, and will be awarded the con
tract. The cost as estimated was $30,000,
and the Board of Supervisors appropriated
the sum of $15,000 for the purpose, the
balance having been raised by subscrip
tion by Commissioner Maguire from sev
eral hundred taxpayers and property own
ers. The lowest bid to repave with bitu
men the roadway of Potrero avenue from
Twenty-first to Twenty-third streets was
received from the City Street Impro?*
ment Company, who bid $20,131 99.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
FOOTLIGHTS ATTRACT JOCKEY O'CONNOR,
WHO WILL STAR AT ONE PERFORMANCE
To Appear To-Night in Role of German Comedian — Cousin
Carrie Outsprints Some Fast Ones at Oakland Track.
Jesse Matthews on Sir Hampton Defeats Goldone a Head
WHEN scarcely old enough to
tell the time of day Jockey
Winnie O'Connor schooled
horses at the steeplechase
game. He has scribbled off
verse of the "Great Chicago Fire" and
"He Shouldn't Have Struck Dear Old
Dad So Hard" sort; possesses a fair
voice; can knock out six out of ten of
the itinerant featherweights with four
ounce gloves; put up a finish that re
verses the hair on the cranium of every
body in the grand stand because of its
closeness, and now Winnie has histrionic
aspirations. To-night at the Grand
Opera-house the noted rider will make his
debut as the unlucky German in "The
Man From Mexico." Winnie says he has
n dialect that will dispel all recollections
of Bonnie Runnels and "Dutch" Daly
and as the house has been sold out, he
can rest assured of getting a warm recep
tion.
By the way, things did not break any
too well for O'Connor at Oakland yester
day, Royalty being his only winning
mount. He finished second on Gibraltar
and later on with the leg up on Goldone
was beaten a head by Sir Hampton, ably
piloted by "Jesb" Matthews. Altogether
it was a discouraging day at the track
for favorite players, as three heavily
backed choices were counted out.
At the commencement Buck Taylor, a
smartly bet on 7 to o chance, fell by the
wayside. He met with some Interference
at the start, and Clarando, a 10 to 1 shot, I
wita little Ransom up, won all the way. t
Nilgar finished third behind Tizona.
Undoubtedly short in his previous race, I
Willie Sink's Royalty made a joke of tne
two-year-old sprint. Inocencia, it was
thought, might furnish an argument, but
bhe died away young. The coin was set
on Royalty at 4 to 5 and O'Connor never
had to make a move until the last 100
yards, when St. Sever moved up from the
third hole.
Introduced to some very moderate com
pany in the mile selling affair, Galanthus
finally won a purse. At that, Ransch had
the chestnut in a pocket to the stretch.
There he extricated himself and with the
10 pounds gradually anchoring Tony
Lepping, got home less than a length to
• the good. Game Warden ran into the
show.
Cousin Carrie, the fast daughter of Mid
lothian and Sister Mary, upset calcula
tions a trifle in the six furlong number
following. An 8 to 1 shot In the ring,
she gave the slip to the others at the
start and was never headed, winning all
out by a length.
Gibraltar, the even money favorite,
ridden by O'Connor, had his hands full
to overhaul and down Reina de Cuba a
head for the place.
W. J. Spiers and his friends got a very
fair price about Oscar Tolle in the betting
on the seven-furlong run, for which but
four lined up at the webbing. S^a Lion,
carrying ninety-nine- pounds and ruling
an even money chance, broke away first,
only to be shortly after passed by Oscar
Tolle. Ransom astride the latter let the
big colt rate along, and he registered an
exceedingly clever win in 1:27 flat. The
favorite took the place from Decoy in a
drive. Rio Shannon has apparently gore
back, as he never looked a contender.
A close and exciting drive marked the
finish of the concluding mile and 100 yard
run. When Goldone, the favorite, had
passed Pat Morrissey and looked to have
the race won Jesse Matthews slipped
along on the outside with Sir Hamptoi',
and despite O'Connor's desperate riding
got the decision by a head. The winner
opened favorite but later gave way to
Goldone.
The following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward.
2759 Bedner 100 2789 Midnt. Chimes. lo9
2591 Dr. Nemrjula_..lo2 2793 Billy Moore 102
2613 Frank Woods.. 109 2793 Xl Oriente 104
2776 MoNTamara 102 2763 Heraldo 102
2793 Bonitary H7 2784 Mrs. Brunne!l..lo4
1960 Diderot 97 J 2777 Mortgage 102
Second race— Futurity course, purse; all ages.
27*2 Imp. R'l Flush.l2o 2782 Frank Bell 117
2790 Senator Bruce.. los (2782)Hagerdon 117
2764 Joe Frey 115
Third race— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward.
2782 Scl for Scandal 991 2784 Bernota 96
1759 Ordnung 108 .... Educate 97
2779 Meehanus 99'
Fourth race— Six furlongs; the Produce Ex
change stakes; purse $1500; two-year-olds.
2778 Com. Forester. ll3 2783 Halmetta 110
<2778)Hainault 110 2704 Huachuca 113
(2771)Evea G 110 2729 E«calante U3
(2790) Redan 110 (2783)Glendenning ...no
2303 Cruzados 113 Barneses 106
2766 Waterecratch .110
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; the
Pinkerton handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward.
(2779)Janice Ill] 2558 The Fretter 107
2780 Flying Torpedo 94 2785 Sylvan Lass 98
2755 Articulate 96 2779 Varro 95
2774 Bangor 103 2779 Brutal y9
2774 Rosormonde . . .102 2785 Bar. Frletchie. . 98
Sixth race, one mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
2787 Free Lance 112 2792 Monda 109
...Nannie Nolan.. loo 2792 B. F. Ma«0n...1C9
(2793)80nnie Lissak..loo 2702 Frank Duffy. ..109
1217 Wing 109 2787 Einstein 109
2789 Diomed 109 (2787)Artllla 109
2777 Lodestar 10S (27?2)Eesenc» iq»
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBACK-Friday, Nov. 8, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2794. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
_ __ ___ _ __ _ _____
Betting.
Index. | Horse, Age, Wt.|St; ft. %.• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
: 1 .
2775 Clarando 5.........109 1 1 Ift 12 11 Ift D.F. Cox... Ransom 6 10
2784 Tizona, 4 109 2.2 4 2 1 22 24" H. &A. Fartingtn.Vlttatoe - 4 6
2458 Niigar, 5.... :..;.. 109 3 34 34 3 4 '34 ; Mrs. P.E.Jones _ Co. McCty .6 6
(2587) Buck Taylor, 6 109 6 61.5141.41 J. C. Nealon....Birkenruth] 8-5 7-5
•2302 St. Anthony, 4.:./.112 7 5h ; 41 6 1 5 1 John Kane C. Rossi 15 20
2777 Alas. 4. ...... jy,, 4 ..~09 8.7 1, «1 .. SI 61 H. C. Ahlera JTollis 5t5 t 1
2696 Corriente ' a... :.-... 109 12 10 2. 8 2 7 1 7ft J. J. Coulter GatUff 15-50
2604 Searchlight. 6....:. 109 1 9 81 92 81 .81 H.P. Goldstein...... Stuart 4 5
2602 I Parsifal, 3 106 593 72 9 '.9 'J. D. Fitzgerald See .20 20
(2602) Beau Monde, 6 112 10 11 11 . 10 10 -W. McGuire Romero 6 12
2602 Rasp, 3 104:11 13 12 11 11 •J. Green J. T. Woods 10 15
2784 Uppercrust, 4... — 109 1 4 4ft 10 12 12 S. Judge & Co..Burllngame 50 75
Time— %.' :24%; ft, :49ft; %, 1:15. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner. D. F. Cox's b. m. by Clarendon- Voltanado. Winner had clear sailing from start.
Buck Taylor bumped at ¦ start ¦ and knocked out of it. Alas was sore and unable to raise
a gallop. Searchlight can do better. •_ • •
2795. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325. •'
I ... .---,_ - ~~ ~~- ; : j | "*~ Betting.
. Index. I Horse and Weight. St. ft. %¦ ¦ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2778 Royalty .......115 3 21 2 2 .'¦ 11%.1 4 .. W. B. Sink ...O'Connor 1 4-5
2771 St. Sever 108 4 3h 34 2% 2 4 Dr. H. E. Rowell.. Vittatoe 6 9-2
2783 Inocencia .'11512 In In 33 33 Doble &Co J. Woods 7-5 -2
2691 Arthur Ray...; 11115 5 5 5 4 1 J. L. Claytn & Co.J. Mthws 10 50
... Tufts 115 142 4 2 4% ¦ 5 C. W. Chappell Stuart 15 40
Time— To hi, :21ft: to ft, :46%; last H. 1:02; short %, 1:11*4; Good start. Won all out. Sec
ond and third . driving. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s b. g. by Cavalier-Empress of Norfolk. .
¦ Royalty showed considerable improvement over his last race. Inocencia apparently a poor
pacemaker. Arthur Ray can beat cheaper ones. Scratched— Malaspina 108.
2796. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-old- ; value to first, $325.
" ' -' ¦ ' - ' ¦* ¦ • ¦ " ¦ Betting.
Index. I Horse and Weight. St. %. ft. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. j Op. Cl.
2793 Galanthus ....".....104 4 41 4h In 1 % J. C0ftey.. .......... ..Ran5ch '3-2 9-10
(2777) Tony Lepping 110 3 3 h .3h »35,- 2 n. ¦ Newman & Eagan.Winsltte 6-5 9-5
2749 Game .Warden 104 5 '6.- .6 2 h 310 Murry & Collins. Burlingme 5 7
2777 Pegalong ........:.. 104 1 2% In 55 in F. A. Weir Hoar 10 13
2435 Cambaceree 107 « 61 Eh .In 66 M. Storn J. Matthews '• 7 12
2770 Darlene ¦••• ....107 _? 11 ,21 ,6 . 6 ¦ Dr.- H. E. - Rowell.-Vlttatoe 20 40
Time— %, :25ft; ft. :50%; %. 1:17; mile? 1:43%. /Poor start. Won ; cleverly. ' Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Coffey's eh. g. by. July- Snowdrop. Winner pocketed to stretch. Too
. much weight for Tony to handle. From a time standpoint race a very cheap affair. i
2797. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, > selling. 3-year-olds and upward; to first, $325.
- • ¦¦¦ • ;¦ -• :'¦ ¦¦ ' " •' ¦¦••- ''¦ I•. •. \. ¦ • ¦ Betting
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. ft. *. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ' Op. Cl.
I, I , _, | ] _ ___^ ___
2770 Cousin Carrie, 8...104 1 lift 11 12 11 G. 8urger....... J. T. Woods I • 8
(2781) Gibraltar, a.-..:. 112 3 32 35 31 ,• 2h Burns & Waterhse..O*Conr 6-5 1
(2763) Relna de' Cuba, 5..109 2: 22 23 2 2 8% E. J. Baldwin _ Co.Ransm 12 20
(2776) San Venado, 6 112 4 410 46 410 420 S.« McNaughton...J. Woods .4 4
2784 Mike Rice, a 109 5.. 5 ; 5.r .5 6 T. E. Mcl_.ughlin.. Romero ' 8 15
... De Capo, a... ......112 6 •.;.... ....... C. W. Chappell Steuart 7-2 . 8
(2775) Coming Event. 4. .109 »«,... ¦ ....... C. Earl & Co. ..J. Matthews 6 7
Time— »4. :24ft; ft, :49; %, 1:14>4. Bad start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Win
ner, G. Burger's eh. t. by ¦ Middlothian-Sleter Mary. « Carrie outbroke her company. Gib
raltar bumped at start, which probably did not Improve his temper. With a race Reina
de Cuba could have won. San Venado outfooted. . Scratched— 109, • Almoner 109
- Midnight Chimes 109, Tower of Candles 104. 'Pulled up. • "Left. - : '- C.^pv'-Vv
2798. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs, selling. 3-year-olds and upward ; to first. ¦ $325.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt.|St. ft. ft. Str. .' Fin. .Owner and Jockey. Op. °C\.
2786; Oscar Tolle, 3 102 4. 8h '2 5 IS lift E. J. Baldwin Co.Ransm "^4 ~5
2781 Sea Lion, 6.. ..99 2 lift ¦In .2 1 2ft Caesar Young Ransch ' 6-5 1
(2769) Decoy, 4.. ;.:.... ....101 321 31 ..;4. v 32 ' Geo. Mi11er....... Blrkenruth ' 8 8
2774 Rio Shannon, 4.... 107 14 4 314 J. C0ffey..... .......0'C0nn0r 7-5 5-3
Time— Usj-JZK; %, :23ft; ft. :48%; %, 1:27. Good start. Won easily. . Second and third driv
lng. winner, E. J. Baldwin _ Co.'« eh. c. by Amlgo-Seven Up. . Tolle ¦ broke last and then
ran circles around his field. - Sea LJon ran. his race. Decoy no excuses. Rio Shannon not
.at himself. .A^^w^;---'-- -- -- - -'vl -' ' ''" ¦ '• " " ¦ '•' -' ¦ '"'
2799.' SIXTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards, selling,- 4-year-olds and upward jto first, $325.
Index. Horse, Age, . Wt. St. '%. - ft. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "ci.
2780 Sir Hampton. 4.... 106 66 •42-2 2 ; lh Geo. Miller J. Matthews 6-5 715
2773 Goldone. 4... ..;..... 107 12 1' 2ft ,' lft 26 J. C0ffey... ....... 0'C0nn0r 8-3 1
2589 Pat Morissey, a.... 99 2:. 1 % 13-j 82 34 Burns & Waterhouse. Ranch 6 9
2769 Castake. -6. ...;..... »9 5 61 Bn, 42' 48 O. W. Bosecke Hoar 6 "7
2769 Ping. 6........V....M01 3 4% '6 '. 58..612 ; C. W. Chappell '..... Stuart '- 12 40
2784' ImperlQUß, 6 99 4 3n.52. 6 6. Dr. H. E. Rowell. L. Jakson 10 40
Time— loo yards, :06;U. :24; ft, :48%; %, 1:15; m, 1:41%; lm 100 yards l:47~Good start'
Won first three driving. Winner, George Miller's br. h. by Watercress-Lizzie Hampton'
Matthews on winner rode a, nice race after getting cut off at first turn. O'Connor a bit
tardy in making his final move. r Castake not ready. ; Ping showed :no speed whatever
- -Scratched— Qreenock 108. • .-•.¦¦ .J V. :,'-¦¦;¦ - v--y:- :>^\- :'• ¦.•.'-'¦¦¦ " . .
PTobable Winners.
First race— Diderot, El Oriente, Midnight
Chimes.
Second race— Hagerdon, Joe Frey, Royal
Flush.
Third race— School for Bcandal, Meehanus,
Bernota.
Fourth race — Cruzados, Glendenning. Esca
lante.
Fifth race— Articulate, Bangor, Flying Tor
pedo.
Sixth race— Essence, Bonnie Llssak, Lodestar.
Track Notes.
Winnie O'Connor's long 6pell of fasting
when keeping down to weight will serve
him in good stead should he decide to
adopt the stage as a profession.
Harry Froelich, who arrived on Thurs
day, will probably cut in to-day. •
The game across the bay has improved
so much since election day that Johnny
Coleman will hang out his shingle again
this afternoon.
The differences of a financial nature ex
isting since the inception of the season
between the New California Jockey Club
and the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany were settled yesterday. The office
will be reopened for business to-day anJ
the California and Eastern rooms fur
nished with service.
Clarando, winner of the first race, was
bid up $100 over her entered selling pries
of $300 by P. Lynch. * v
A card of rare excellence, with the Pro
duce Exchange stake as the feature, )e
offered racegoera this afternoon. In It
some of the fastest two-year-olds in
training will face the barrier. In the sec
ond event the celebrated English horse
Royal Flush will try conclusions with Joo
Frey, Frank Bell and Hagerdon. At his
first essay he was left at the post, giving
no line on his capabilities.
Racing on Eastern Tracks.
CINCINNATI. Nov. B.— Latonia results:
First j race. ', six furlongs, selling:— Mr. Phlnl
sey won, St. Bluff second, Archie third. . Time,
l:15U. > ¦';¦-¦ ¦- . .".I •¦'¦ • -.¦¦ :
• Second , race, one ¦ mile— St. ] Hera won. " Dr.
Hart second. All About third. Time, 1:42%.'-. :
; Third race* one mile, selling— Dal Keith won,
Patchwork second, Nels Morris third. Time,
1:42. .?\ v :\\,,,-. "••',. ?.¦"/•",., ../;''
' . Fourth race; seven furlongs, selling— Oannetta
won,' Meggs second, O' Lea third. Time. 1:29*4.
'.' ' Fifth ¦ race, ; five < furlongs— " Boston won,
Lady Brockway second, - Throstle third. Time,
l:02&-' .,¦• - ..' ¦ .' :-¦••¦ ¦¦, --•¦¦'. -. "':
¦ . Sixth . race, . seven furlongs — Miss ¦ Soak wen.
Nina B L second, ¦ Etha. •, Davis j third. - Time,
i:2B>\: ::;••:':•,• .r ¦- : :,-r •: '.. ¦ ¦¦'¦". .*•.', i:
NEW YORK, Nov. : Aqueduct summary: '.
First race, six furlongs, eelUns— Moronkata_
JEFFRIES COMES
TO COMPLETE HIS
TRAINING WORK
Has Established Himself in
Oakland and Will Use the
Reliance Club Gymnasium
James J. Jeffries, champion heavy
weight pugilist of the world, arrived in
Oakland last evening. The big fellow
presented a hearty appearance. His
clothes did not fit his athletic form as of
yore, and the champion apologized for
this, explaining that he has reduced him
self by heavy training at Harbin Springs.
Jeffries' trip from the-health resort was
without accident. Tluft there was none
was due to the care exercised by Billy
Deianey, the big tellow'a trainer. D«
laney had a heart to heart talk with the
stage driver before starting on the eight
en-mile journey through the mountains.
"Billy" at the outset admitted that the
driver was skilled and he knew it, but he
did not want an exhibition of fancy driv
ing for fear of an accident. Deianey or
dered the manipulator of the reins to take
his time and nut go round curves on two
wheels. The driver was impressed with
the importance of his contract and drove
siowly and carefully.
At every stopping place along the route
the citizens came out to see tne big fel
low. They admired his proportions and
debated his chances in* the coming fight.
Many presumed an acquaintanceship with
Jeffries and grasped his mighty right.
Jim stood the ordeal in good fashion.
Throughout the long journey to the city
he skylarked and raised his voice in song.
Deianey was delighted with this display
of spirits, because it presaged that hla
man was not worrying.
Jeffries was accompanied by Bob Arm
strong, JBilly Deianey, Jack Jeffries.
'"Kid" Eagan, George Miller and Colonel
Fulton J. Berry of Fresno. The cham
pion tbok quarters at the Hotel Metro
pole, where he will stay until after the
battle.
Eugene Van Court met the champion
when ho alighted from the train and tha
two old friends cordially greeted eacn
other. Jeffries told V-in Court he never
felt better in his life. He asked the latter
if he had secured any bets yet, and Van
Court informed Mm the betting was light.
Jeffrie3 brought down a handsome pai
of antlers as evidence of his prowess as
a hunter. He presented them to John
Markowitz. Jeffries' baggage was heavy.
He had five trunks tilled with wearing
apparel, gymnasium apparatus and sou
venirs gathered in the last five years.
In the evening the champion went t.i
the Dewey Theater. He retired at 11
o'clock. Jim will be up early this morn
ing and take a jog over the Oakland
streets. He will begin work at the Reli
ance Club at 10:30 a. m., and will also ex
ercise in the afternoon.
It is his intention to box Armstrong and
his brother alternately. He wants them
to work fast, and by giving them four
minutes' rest after each round expects to
get the desired speed. The champion re
ceived several pairs of boxing shoes from
the East last evening.
State Floral Society Meets.
The State Floral Society held its regu
lar monthly meeting yesterday afternoon
in Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall, 223 Sutter
street. There was a large attendance and
an especially elaborate display of flowers
in honor of the seventy-fourth birthday
of Mrs. L. O. Hodgkins, the "mother" of
the society, who is one of its most active
members. The selection of official poet
ess made at the previous meeting was
yesterday confirmed. Miss Katherine
Chandler, Miss Lillian Shuey, the official
poetess, and Mrs. Alice Chittenden were
elected honorary members. The Floral
Congress report will be published in a few
weeks.
won, Shoreham second. Maiden third. Time,
1:14 4-5.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing— Marothen won, Alard second, St. David
third. Time. 1:47.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Early
Eve won, Gay Girl second. Wild Bess third.
Time, 1:08^4.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yard*. sell
ing—Criterion won, Lucky Star second, Handi
capper third. Time, l:4fi 1-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Honolulu won. Carrington second, Mtsleader
third. Time, 1:09.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Alpaca won.
Tour second, Touraine third. Time, 1:15 2-5.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— Lakesid« summary:
First race, one mile— Bragg won. Frank M
second. Automaton third. Time. 1:41 2-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Bum
mer won, Little Jack Homer second, Olekma
third. Time. 1:08.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Autumn
Leaves won. Golden Glitter second, Miracle II
third. Time, 1:08 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile and twenty yards—
Benckart won. Reseda second, Eva Rice third.
Time, 1:42 J-5.
Filth race, seven furlongs— Lucien Appleby
won, John A. Clarke second, Oronta third.
Time. 1:28 S-5.
Sixth race, one mile and" a quarter — Admetus
won, Banish second. Farmer Bennett third.
Time. 2:09 2-5.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. B.— Results at Douglas
Park:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Blondie Grayson won, Prtma II secpnd. Hunter
third. Time, 1:084.
Second race, five furlongs— Charlie Thompson
won. Irresistible second, Florrle S third. Time.
1:02.
Third race, one mile and a (sixteenth— Lady
of the West won. Eleven Bells second. Rose
Bird third. Time, 1:49 U.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Jordan won. Chan
terelle second, Hattle Davis third. Time
1:15%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Pharaoh
won. Nettie Regent second, J J T third. Time.
1:15.
RUHLIN'S HEART
ACTION SLOWEST
RECENTLY NOTED
Is Absolutely Healthy and
Resembles That of Napo
leon in Number of Its Beats
In addition to being an aspirant for
heavyweight championship honors in the
prize ring Gus Ruhlin claims other dis
tinctiops. He says his pulse is "gaUed"
lower than that of any other healthy
man alive. Ruhlin's natural heart action
is only 42 beats to the minute. In this
he resembles the great Napoleon. Cham
pion Jeffries also has an exceedingly low
pulse. A renowned New York heart spe
cialist has said it helped him both in hia
training and in his battles. Just why a
low pulse is a favorable circumstance in
a fighter's makeup only a physician who
has studied it carefully could say. Jef
iries' heart action i 3 usually about 52
beats to the minute.
Dr. Charles A. Clinton, who made a
physical examination of Jeffries at Har
bin Springs for The Call, visited Blank
en's yesterday. Gus was sitting on the
veranda with his manager, Billy Madden,
and some friends when the physiciari
called. The conversation quickly turned
to Jeffries. Dr. Clinton had spent several
clays with the champion and had much
information about Jeff and his training,
all of which was eagerly listened to by
Gus and his friends. In speaking of Jeff's
wonderful 'physical condition Dr. Clinton
incidentally mentioned that he had th»
lowest pulse he had ever noticed in as
athlete.
Ruhlin invited the doctor to feel his
pulse. Dr. Clinton took the big fellow's
wrist and encircling it with his pulse
teeling finger, noted the beats. When the
physician's watch had clicked off a half
minute his face became a study. First
it was an expression of apprehension and
then one of wonder and perplexity. When
Dr. Clinton had taken the pulse a min
ute he said: "Why that beats anything
I ever saw." Gus asked him how many
beats he had recorded and the physician
told him 46. "Well, that's two more than
usual," said Gus, "it generally only
counts 43."
Dr. Clinton was surprised at the coirii
cidence of the slow heart action of the two
neavyweights. Ruhlin's heart Is normal
and absolutely healthy.
Ruhlin basked in the sunshine until 3
o'clock, when he went to the gymnasium
and worked out strongly. The room pre
sented a busy scene. Ruhlin punched th«
tag in one corner. Lavigne hammered
a leathern sphere in another. Tom Her
man skipped rope and swung dumb bells,
and Denver Ed Martin flitted about th»
100 m. Ruhlin punched the bag for sev
eral three-minute rounds. He also took
his usual inning at the heavy grain sack.
He worked an hour. Ruhlin will prob
jibly omit his afternoon gymnasium work
to-day and substitute a trip on the road
instead.
SUPREME COURT ORDERS
AUDITOR WELLS TO ACT
He Refuses to Allow the Claim of a
Corporation for $1625 Overpaid
in Taxes.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that the Pacific Coast Company should
be paid $1625 from the city treasury.
Through a clerical error the corporation
paid this amount in excess of Its legal
taxes, and upon the recommendation ot
the Assessor the Board of Supervisors
ordered that it b« returned. Auditor
Wells refused to audit the bill and suit
was commenced. The Superior Court up
held the Auditor, but the judgment is now
reversed.
By a decision of the Supreme Court also
the Provident Savings Life Assurance So
ciety of New York is sustained in its re
fusal to pay $2500 to Matilda Nielsen on
an insurance policy. The plaintiff's de
ceased husband was insured in the com
pany, but was delinquent in the payment,
of premiums at the time of his death. The
lower court held that the company wa«
liable for the amount of the insurance,
but the Supreme Court rtnds no ground
for such an opinion and orders a new
trial.
Says Mrs. Maxwell Is a Disturber.
An answer to the suit instituted by Mrt).
M. M. Maxwell, a minister of the Inde
pendent Freethought Bible Spiritualistic
Socity, against the society for restoration
to membership was tiled by the director*
of the organization yesterday. In Mrs.
Maxwell's complaint it was alleged that
she was removed without cause and with
out having a chance •© defend herself.
The directors in theft* answer deny Mrs.
Maxwell's allegations and claim that she
was expelled from the society because «he
was not congenial and that her presence
at the meetings cauied discussion and
prevented the members acting 1 in har
mony. They claim further that Mrs. Max
well brought her private disputes into th«
society instead of settling them on the
outside, as the by-laws of the society pro
vided.
Carson Loses His Wife.
The marriage of Olive F. Gruver to
Edwin M. Carson was annulled by Judge
Hebbard yesterday and she is now free to
become the wife of W. Gruver. The
woman was married to Carson some
years ago. but he deserted her. 3ha
heard that he was dead and married
Gruver and had been known aa Mn.
Gruver for some time when Carson re
appeared. She thought more of her mc
end choice and brought suit to b« ftrmj
from her first husband-
910
RICH DISCOVERIES OF MINERALS IN MANY SECTIONS OF NEVADA LEAD ARMY
OF PROSPECTORS OVER SNOWY SIERRA AND RENEW PROSPERITY OF THE STATE
EDITOR OF THE STATE JOURNAL
PLEASED WITH THE OUTLOOK
NEVADA lia« now a bright prospect. It needs only the foster
ing Influence of capital and enterprise to make it agrain fa
mous for its addition* to the world's store of treasures. At
tliift tinie prospectors are afield in many directions and the
range of their exploitation extends over a vast area. De
posits of great value have recently been discovered and
these are yielding; very rich ores. The mountains of Nevada
have only been scratched, comparatively speaking-. They contain
enormous wealth, the extent of which can only be conjectured.
Reno is attracting; much attention for many cogent reasons.
It is a railroad center with large possibilities. The State Univer
sity, extensive in scope and admirable in its results, holds ont al
lurements that draw to us citizens from all parts of Xevada, Cali
fornia and from other sections, who make their homes here per
manently in the end. Our sheep and cattle men are alive and pro
gressive. Since the "Wedekind discovery prospectors have flocked
here from many camps and they are still coming.
As a place in which to dwell Reno ls perfection. It has a fine
climate, delightful surroundings, broad and well-kept streets,
active business men, an intelligent and growing population,
handsome dwellings and unlimited room ln which to expand. New
buildings of a good class are continually being added. In my
opinion, as a candid observer, this State, and Reno especially, has
a glorious outlook. JOHX H. DENNIS,
Editor Nevada State Journal.
RENO. New, Nov. B.— Sitting by the
beautiful Truckee River, with her
eyes upon the snow crested sum
mits of the Sierra, lovely Reno 's
« dreaming of future greatness — of
a boom, in fact. Down from
mountains ribbed and seamed
with precious ores comes the
Truckee 6parkling, flashing, ever
singing; now necked with white
as it is whirled into eddies, now
dropping with sheer weight, as water
falls, in masses of foam. Strong as a
multitude of giants to turn wheels and to
awaken the cadences of falling stamps.
Its hurrying flood also promises fruitful
ness to thousands of arid acres and makes
lands that not long ago produced only
sagebrush blossom as the rose.
On the northern heights of Reno the
JCevada State University, commanding a
view of the eternal mountains that rim
the fortunate Washoe Valley, also sur
veys a remarkably^ pleasing vista of roofs
end 6pires that nestle amid rows of pop
lar and cork elms, whose leafage, touched
by the season and the frost, flames yellow
against the blue background of the far
mountains— a flame of pure gold.
Here are the three sources of Reno's
Jiresr-nt prosperity and the basis of her
reasonable dream of development— the
¦wealth giving mountains, the wealth giv
ing river and the institution of learning
which draws to thia center men of all
classes, who seek education for their chil
dren. The agriculture and stock and
sheep raising, that are important factors
ln the development of Washoe County,
d«pend upon the »aters of the Truckee
and its many trroutary streams. This
trinity of favoring causes have made
Keno thriving and charming, but the
growth of the community has been steady
rather than rapid until within the last
few months.
Wedekind Appears.
Now there appears upon the scene a
little o'd man who is sitting on an over
used buckboard and who treads the
Reno streets daily, driving a sway-backed
and flea bitten old white horse that only
just moves when goaded by a green
6witch from a Lombardy poplar. Day
after day, month after month, year after
year, this little old man has traveled the
same road in the morning and has re
turned the same way every night, the
•weather permitting. His clothes are rag
j:e<3. Hie old white hat has long been
overdue in the refuse pile. But stop a
minute and peer under that white hat.
{There you shall see frank, blue. German
fcyes, a little faded, but with the glint of
faur&ee Jo them. The lower part of the
face is made masculine by a strong,
square jaw. So shall you discover the
features of a man of force, of character;
of a man with the Midas touch.
In th<_- year 1831, in the song land of
Germany, in Hesse-Cassel, was born a boy
with a musical ear, George H. A edekino.
He learned to distinguish between deli
cate distinctions of sound with the facil
ity of a skylark. His school days devel
oped a musician. In time he also learned
something of metallurgy and geology. He
served his time In the German army;
then, tiring of it all, turned his back on
his native land and came to the United
States.
He tuned pianos for the Steinways for
a time. Then came the Civil War and
Wedekind, afraid that he would once
more become a compulsory soldier, de
cided to go to San Francisco. He was
known well to musicians, as he worked
over pianos. Then came the White Pine
district mining excitement. Wedekind
went to White Pine, speculated and once
mere was penniless. An acquaintance
paid his passage to Virginia City when
there were flush times in that place and
Wedekind recouped by tuning pianos at
$15 per piano and earning from $45 to $60
per day.
Old Man to the Front.
But the speculative spirit in him was
still strong and, when the Comstock boom
was over. Wedekind was no better off
than before. He liked Nevada and event
ually found his way to Reno. Here he
eked out a scanty living by tuning and
repairing pianos. He was now over 60
years old, but hope and determination
were still conspicuous in his make-up.
When he first appears on his buckboard
behind his dismal old white horse, mak
ing daily journeys to and from the hills,
he is Just turned 65, the time when al
most every one is ready to rest.
"Oh, ho," say many of Wedekind's
neighbors. "Wedekind is an old fool."
They have a chance to say this many
times, as Wedekind works continuously
for three long years, only stopping long
enough to tune a piano occasionally to
get money for provisions.
One day, Weciekind having found gold
in the very roadway over which practical
miners and the general public had been
daily passing for ten years, climbed to
the top of a hill. He dug and shoveled
antt carted dirt in a handbarrow many
days and— struck gold!
Not one word^of this did he mention to
his neighbors or friends. But he sent
samples to an assayer and found that he
had struck dirt worth about $23 per ton
That V/-as not rich enough for him. So he
began again to select a site to tunnel
Miners from Virginia City chaffed him
One stuck up a derisive placard.
"Veil." said Wedekind, looking at this
attempt at humor and wearing a placid
expression, "dot is goot. too "
When Wedekind w^ 68 years old, two
years only inside of^.ie scriptural limit
XHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
SCENES IN PLEASANT RENO, WHICH IS ATTRACTING THE ATTENTION OF MINERS, CATTLEMEN. SHEEP
RAISERS AND THE YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN OF THREE STATES WHO ARE EAGER TO TAKE AD
VANTAGE OF ITS FACILITIES FOR EDUCATION.
Thriving Reno Expects Boom by Reason of the Wedekind Find
and the Promise of Glittering Treasures.
to man's life, he made it known to his
neighbors that he had found ore, some of
I which had assayed as high as $10,400 per
ton! He sold the property for $175,000, as
the story goes. He then had $50,000 in
bank for ore he had taken out. Now he
has retired, and his chief pleasure is in
thinking, as he expressed it to a Call
correspondent:
"To have my friends find out that I am
not an old fool, as they said I was, ls as
better as the mine."
Prospectors Flock In.
Wedekind's discovery, which was un
] questionably one of much value, led to
j wholesale prospecting on the hills ami
mountains of \\ ashoe County, near Reno.
The odd story connected with Wedekind
I is mated with another equally queer con
1 cerning Steamboat Springs, a locality
I about thirteen miles from Reno.
Steamboat Springs has long been known
to the tourist. From time immemorial
from hundreds of crevices in the rocks
jets of steam, accompanied by a sulphur
ous smell and subterranean noises re
sembling the violent bubbling of large
: quantities of water, have given testi-
I mony to nature's incessant work in her
laboratory. These jets have been visible
from far off. During several years they
justified the maintenance of a hotel and
var>or bathe.
By and by the partial failure of the
supply of hot medicated water from the
springs near the hotel led to boring for
wells. Then some metal was discovered.
The hotel caught tire and was burned
some time ago. The ground formerly
familiar to tourists is now staked out in
mining claims. There are scores of stakes
and other evidences of mining Interest in
the view of all visitors to the steam
springs. To the casual observer it would
seem that the entire region had been
claimed. There is gold at Steamboat
Springs. That fact Is certain. How much
there is may be another question. The
ore that comes to the surface is accom
panied by scalding hot water.
"We have tapped," said a grim miner
while the steam from the water made it
appear that the ore was smoking hot,
"the n?other lode. of hell."
Rich Ores in View.
The Steamboat Springs exploitation has
increased the rush of prospectors. All the
hotels in Reno have been filled during the
last year and the hotel men have been
reaping a rich harvest. The Riverside is
building a large wing and will be replaced
by a $40,000 structure. Everybody here is
anticipating a boom. There are prospec
tors in the Pea Vine district near Reno
at Tuscarora, at Pyramid, at Olinghouse
Canyon, In the Wedekind district and at
Steamboat Springs, all of which are trib
utary to Reno. At each of these places
actual mining is progressing.
The Wedekind property was purchased
by the Sparks Mining Company, in which
the principal owner is John Sparks. Ad
joining is the property which was worked
for a short time by Bell of Colorado
This is now tied up by litigation to de
termine the rights of the Sparks Mining
Company to the land claimed by Bell and
his associates. The superintendent of the
Sparks Mining Company is C. X,. Crane
*.vho is well known to mining men from
California. He came here from Hayden
Hill. There are thousands of tons of ore
in sight. Crane says that nothing worth
less than $100 per ton is sacked. Some of
the ore assays $1000 per ton.
The most striking statement made by
Superintendent Crane is that, car for car
the ore at the Wedekin • discovery has
assayed higher than that taken from the
famous discovery in the ' Tonopah dis
trict, sixty miles from Candelaria. The
company has established its store and of
fice and has built cabins for "the miners,
so that quite a camp is already in exis
tence. The company will build its own
mill and put in other plants needed. Ore
which cannot be profitably transported by
rail at existing rates will be worked up
at the mine.- Such ore now in sight is
estimated at $100,000 in value. The great
est depth of the shaft is 140 feet. No one
can foresee what this mine may do, but
it appears to have a very bright future.
The ores contain gold, silver and lead. I
* A short distance southwest from the
.wedekind discovery ex-State Senator -D.
C. Wheeler . and S. H. Wheeler have a
claim 1500x600 feet in size, where they are
prospecting. Their land looks just like
that where Wedekind made his discovery.
Tne entire- district is the same in outward
appearance, being covered with small
Etones, some of which are mineralized,
in fact.between the apex of Wedekind's
mine on the surface and the bottom of
the hill, a distance of about 200 yards,
rcughly estimated, a cartload of rock
which had been lying in plain sight and
close beside the traveled road for many
years was picked up, which gave an
assay value, of $60 per ton. .senator
Wheeler has hopes accordingly.
Other Camps Active. ' ¦ /'. .
There is a gold, camp at Olinghouse
Canyon, which is about twenty miles
east from Reno. Three mills are going
there. , The ores are gold, medium and
nigh grade. Each of the mills running
can crush from ten •to , twenty tons per
ay. A scarcity of water has retarded
operations. Sheriff McGinnis is a leading
owner at .Olinghouse, having, several
claims and prospects. ¦ •-.- - .
In the Pyramid mining district copper
and gold mines are being developed.
J yramld is about twenty-seven miles
northeast from Reno. The principal work
in -the district has been performed dur
ing the last year. The existence of min
erals in that section became known many
years ago. A large company Is , now
operating there.
, The ,? 63 - Vine district is on the Pea
vine Mountain, which looms up Just
" orth v.? "" Reno. ¦••¦• The past year .' has
brought a revival of activity on the
mountain and many prospectors are on
the ground. Copper, gold and silver. ores
rave been discovered .at Pea Vine. ' The
-development work, , • however, • has : . not
been very extensive. . ¦ The - - prospectors
think well of the district: .
Qt»A-' A. Batters lis interested .in the
bteamboat Springs : district, . having 200
acres under bond. A combination of San
Francisco^people, organized as the Sena
tor. Gold Mining a Company, having about
boat ffeYd ""^ b ° nd> ls - ln the Steam "
'?»,?"; A. Ogden is the superintendent of
th 'f company. The Ware Company, of
% Hrni/n v^ttlefleld- is superintendent;
is drilling, holes on - the -hillside. ¦ The
Great Western Company ' has 400 . acres
n? t J w op rat under the management
¦°o «i'i"^'" Hopkins. . Thls company's shaft
filled .with hot mineral water. A- large
«w in c. outfit has been -placed:. at the
, ft - Jhlch is within a few feet of the
railroad between Reno and •; Virginia. j '
:* . r - .: ..: Whole State : Is Alive. V
.Many sections of 1^ Nevada : now. > have
great prospects for mining; development.
Tonopah 7 and  the Searchlight . districts
have an abundance of ore. Virginia City
expects great things,, as the line of wires,
extending ; from Floriston and across the
Washoe Mountains and the Washoe Val
ley carrying 4000 horsepower :¦ amply at
tests.. With ; this power much is being ac
complished. Silver City, Dayton and Six-
Mile Canyon are scenes -of present acti\
ity. Silver City and Dayton ' are live
camps. They are developing gold ores
principally. Charles Butters has gone to
work in Six-Mile Canyon, which is near
Virginia City. ; Work is proceeding at
Mason Valley, Golconda and Yerington,
all of which are near the C. and C. rail
road Prospecting for copper and also
development work are progressing. In
the district. there are two smelters. Cap
tain De 'La Mar is reported to be inter
lnu ln , one ° . the camps. Active pros
pecting for gold, copper and silver is en
livening the entire county of Esmeralda
and there are numerous camps.
J In the Tuscarora district, which is east
from Reno, and north from Elko. there
is a gold camp in which prospecting and
exploiting have produced some exception-
ThWi? L 6SUlts V ree millin gold ores.
nsvt -r known mine In the district, th,-
w h X Ai r^ usca , rora ; is doing well. Ely. in
«n nnti n ® C^ Unt east from Eureka, is
an active gold, silver and copper camp
tl^wiifJi? good v, m , lnes '» Churchill Coun
ty,-which are being worked. The prin
cipal producers of Lincoln County are the
?nM a J1"J 1 " IS 1 ?. 68 ' Whloh yield silver am!
gold. An T old-time camp is being re
&¦ In the southern part of . Lincoln
«m y V? i Good Springs, there is a lead
camp. Only transportation facilities are
required to cause great activity. The Cal
ifornia Eastern road will pass through
the section. The famous Searchlight dis
trict is about twenty-four miles from
Manvel and sixteen miles from the Colo
rado River. There are. two companies ac
tively exploiting th« mines The Quartet
Gold and . Silver. Mining Company own.'
several claims at Searchlight, the best
known : being the Macready and . Dunn
claims. The ledge upon which the Quar
tet company .Is working is a fissure vein
which has ouicropnlngs on the surface
for a dlrtance of from 1000 to 2000 feet
The company claims to have traced thp
ledge 3000 feet. There have- been onened
up four levels,' respectively at 100, 200 300
and 400 feet. '. v: * ' ¦ - '
All these levels are reported to be In ore
which is being:stoped from three levels
The ore shoot varies in thickness from six
to twelve. ; feet and is sometimes sixteen
feet thick. At this time only the high
grade, ore is being extracted.. The reason
for this 1 Is, that the 20-.<.tamt) mill is on
tho - bank of the « Colorado River, sixteen
miles a wny. Freighting through the sandy
wash to the river Is difficult and the cost
of hauling Is reported to average S3 per
l ( n L*' T i?- c V? t of mln!nsr and milliner is
nicrh. : : The, Quartette Company is buM
In*? a railroad to th» Colorado River The
Southern Nevada Mining and MnilnerCom
pany is operating In the same district and
is opening up a ledre'north of the Ma
cready mine, the shaft being in a narrow
quartz ledge.' carrying coarse gold, which
occurs in very pretty ore. .
- The Tonopah 1 Mines.
Tonnpah is the latest big: discovery in
Nevada. The district has. wonderful pos
sibilities for wealth producing if one-half
that is said here is true. It is a silver
and gold camp, the ores of which are of
high grade. "There are several lederes that
have - already .J been discovered with long '
and continuous ore shoots. Great; predic- '
tions are made for the future of Tononah
and there is wir)esni-onrl ¦. interest concent- '
me' It all •over the State of Nevada.
Reno is* characterized by an anpearance
of thrift and neatness that would attract
the attention of the most casual observer
Its ¦ streets < are wide and well kept. Its
residences ore .well designed and the own
ers have taken nains to front their prop
erties with shade trees. "Wherever there
is a now. residence there are newly nlant
ed poplars or cork elms to beautify the
ALLEN C. BRAGG FINDS REASONS
FOR ADVANCEMENT OF NEVADA
NEVADA has awakened from her sleep of nearly twenty years
and is now attracting: much attention. 'Sot only her agri
cultural possibilities are beginning to be recognised, but her
woaderful mineral -wealth is again being sought after, for
her hills contain almost all the minerals known to science.
Her beef, mutton and lamb have always commanded' the
highest price ln the markets of the United States, and those
products are by no means a small factor in the commonwealth's
make-up. While the beef supply is not nearly so large as in for
mer years, what Nevada lacks in quantity is more than made op ln
price. I say that, take it all ln all, Nevada ls all right.
We of the sagebrush hardly ever hear of dismantled ma
chinery in the erstwhile mining camps, and nobody talk* about
them any more as being the home of the bat. coyote and snake,
so after all the silver agitation of past years ls proving to be a
blessing in disguise. Reno being a distribntlng point and the only
railroad center in the State is being talked about a good deal. Her
trade advantages are good and the town is progressive.
ALLEN CJ. BRAGG. Editor Reno Gasette.
¦ neighborhood. Reno being at an elevation
of 4500 feet approximately, the air is pure
and bracing and the health of the town
is excellent. There are many good brick
buildings in the business section and two
thriving banks are necessary.-Four-rail
roads center at Reno. Several mills are
turned by the Truckee River at this point.
It is significant that those who know the
most about Reno speak in the. warmest
Dr3.isc of it
"There is "no place like it," said State
Senator Flanagan. "
E. H. Prentice, representing the South
ern Pacific Company, thinks so well of
the community that he is endeavoring to
form a board of trade, which is a popu
lar move. . . • ¦ • ¦ . ¦ _ .
R \V Parry declares that Reno has a
great . future. He is largely interested in
the shipment of cattle and sheep from the
Washoe Valley. _ ,
Dr. Stubbs. president of the State Uni
versity, declared that the outlook for the
educational interests, of Nevada were
brighter than ever. , ,
Surveyor General Matt Kyle declares
that the mining outlook for all Nevada 13
exceptionally good. . . '
Rosenthal, the stationer, is sanguine
that there will be a great growth in
Reno.* ' •
Professor J. E. Bray, Superintendent of
Public Schools, r^eing the rapid growth
of the population during the last year, an
ticipates many advantages coming . to
Reno.
W. J. "Westerfleld, four years State
Treasurer of Nevada and for many years
State Senator, predicts a considerable in
crease in the industries of Reno in the
near. future. A new ice plant, a new elec
tric power and light plant and active use
of the smelting plant located in the town
are in view. Westerfleld says that woolen
mills would thrive here. . .
Mr. Gordon of the Southern Pacific
Company reports that ' there has been a
large increase in the railway passenger
business in this locality during the year.
This is an unmistakable sign of growth
and prosperity.
George Taylor, cashier of the Washoe>
County Bank, points to the > new struc
tures rising in Reno as proof of the esti
mation in which this place is held.
George J. Young, assistant professor of
metallurgy, whose enthusiasm has taken
him. to all the mining camps of Nevada
and who is noted in the State University
of Nevada as a hard and efficient worker
says that there Jure better opportunities'
for a young man -in Nevada than many
other locality with which he is ac
quainted.
The editors of the two dally papers In
Reno have written signed opinions which
indicate their views fully. .
A Fin? University..
The love of the people 'of Nevada for
higher education is manifested by the
extent of the State University. It con«
sists of something like, a dozen fine build
ings, all but one being composed of brick
or stone, the exception being a handsome
residence occupied by President Stubbs
These structures are two and three stnriM
high They are. well lighted and we?]^ven
tilated, and ample for present n UrDOS
A large stone building, ..the chemical
l h .° t ol ' s | n construction. The educational
Plant, so to describe it. actually seems to
flS"« t ISS ?P pearan cc Y the {?u,ld
ings or the State L mveraity of Calif or
nia that are situated at Berkeley which
is somewhat remarkable, for Nevada ha*
on y 42.000 inhabitants, all counted Thi*
university grounds are large, and include
f££\SVrsT* cent by tLb hh e e stowa{ ttoe oooro d r
ju»«y JTV I**1 ** in the u ">versUy 3 an,.
mm
mmm
MsharP Th Players are doing their
dyeen mhlm h I university has undoubt
than any nf K mo . re Prosperity upon Reno
emi^ C/wt 1 " Sln f le cause - for the ben
todrawn ' a . r l lastin « an <J the ability
tinuoul residents to the town is eon
- Great Livestock Industry.
Ex-Senator D. C. Wheeler aptly de
scribes the system of flumes that lead
the waters of the Truckee River. He
says they are like a backbone, with
jsmaller ribs attached down in the valley,
and they have that appearance when
looked Vpon from above. Through their
agency thousands of acres are kept fresh
and blooming the entire year. On the
succulent alfalfa many thousands of fine
sheep and cattle thrive. There has been
a continual growth in the sheep and cat
tle industry. The names of Senator P L
Flanagan, Henry Anderson, James Tal
bot. John J. O'Brien. Andrew Frandsen
George Holcomb, Murphy Brothers, Wil
liam Van Buren. E. C. Campbell. Charles
Campbell, Tom Hill. Martin Pldaro
George W. Mapes, Ward Brothers, John*
Sparks, G. M Sprague. Joe Blackburn
Jim Millet and Huffaker Brothers are
mentioned here as prominent in this con
nection. Their ranches lie beside well
kept roads of easy grade. There la a
fringe of shade trees by all the roada. If
the houses in Reno are well, kept up and
bespeak- care and thrift on the part of the
owners, no less do the dwellings and
buildings in the suburbs as unmistakably >
shadow forth the same attention to ap- 1
pearances. By common report all the *
ranchers thrive. It is a common boast
In Reno that there are no poor people
either in Reno or in the country immedl
atly surrounding it.DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS SCORE GREATEST OF SOCIAL TRIUMPHS AT FIRST NIGHT
OF DOLL SHOW AND ESTABLISH NEW TRADITIONS FOR THE ANNUAL FUNCTION
MINSTREL SHOW
TO AID CHARITY
Entertainment for Bene
fit of Emanuel Sis
terhood.
Clever Amateurs Will Per
form at Sherman and
Clay HalL
A grand minstrel jubilee will be given
this evening in Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
Hall for the benefit of the Emanuel Sis
terhood and the Girls' Club, two worthy
charitable institutions.
The charity in itself deserves support,
but In the cast of to-night's jubilee th* I
entertainment provided by clever local
amateurs will be worvh far more than
the cost of admission. The programme
will be varied and attractive. The first
part will consist of an instrumental con
cert, followed by a deadly drama in three
acts entitled, "Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Hyde."
This will be followed by a grand- mm- '
Ktrel show, for which preparations have
been under way for several months. The
songs will be catchy and the jokes are
guaranteed fresh. The funny men, and
there are several, have promised to omit
all mention of politics from their laugh
provoking repertoire. The programme,
which is a lengthy one, is as follows:
The California Quintet— Albert Haas, Julius
Gold (violins), Jeffrey Schweitzer (flute) Mel
ville ICewfield (cello) Alfred M. Mayers (pi
ano); overture. •'Golden Scepter" (Grell) the
California Quintet; (a) ••Reverie" (Wilson) (b) !
"•Gavotte" (Gabriel), the California Quintet
march (Hall), the California Quintet.
•Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Hyde — A drama, in
three acts. Cast: Miss Tabitha Early, Ernest
J. Sultan; Padlocked Homes, a detective, Clar
ence CDlman: Lady Danvers, heiress to many
millions. Erny Sultan; Lord Danvere. her hus
band. Woody Colman^»
Synopsis of scenery? Act I, scene I— The
mountain on the hill; scene 2— The murder "I
will use Pear's soap to-night: " Act ll— Lady
Danvers' castle; the pursuit; the mystery of
the rotten joke. Act 11, scene I— The slum's of
Africa; the villain at bay (San Francisco Bay)
scene 2— Sherman & Clay Hall. San Francisco 1
the gigantic swindle exposed; retribution: a
cold frost.
Minstrel show— J. Lilienthal; V Pol-
i C^ £• wabacher, P. Lllienthal. A. Ulien-
C? « S;n£heimer, C. Cooper, M. Gunet, E.
!
c. C rus— Mr. Steinberger, R. Stelnberger. ¦A.
Steinberger .A. Saronl. A. Davis, R. Baetheljn'
J ; Meyer. \V. Samson. E. Pike. H. Frank. E
Kaufman. L. Gunst. H. Stelnfeld, F. Kahn C
Goldberg. M Greenberg. A. Liebes ' M ""* *~-
Introduction, "A Tale of a Kangaroo" (par-"
o,iJ »p52» p 52. 11 5 ch ° : "My Little Southern !
Queen. Charles Cooper; -When Mr. Ehake
v^tH 00 ™? 5 to .. Towri." Elkan Const; "1" I
c-nrt - ne C (parody), Morgan Gunst;" \
an »1 le >'J "My Little . Carolina Twins," " i
Albert Schwabacher; song. Eteinberger brothers; I
Mr. Dunderbeck." Victor Pollack; grand
finale: under the direction of Marlon L Coo-
Per; Miss Lilienthal. accompanist. ™^
Testing Cemetery Ordinance.
The appeal in the case of George W
her, superintendent of the Odd Fel-
Cetnetery, to test the constftution
f the ordinance prohibiting any
further interments in cemeteries within
the city limits was partly argued before
- Cook and Dunne yesterday. Judge
the opinion that "the ordi
would fall under the same cate
rs the laundry ordinance, which he
¦ was illegal, owing to its ambigu
ity and wiae range. The matter was con-
Cor further argument at the re-
QuetM of Assistant District Attorney Al
forc.
College Class Holds Eeunion.
The class of 1900. University of Califor
nia, had a reunion banquet last evenir.f
a V h< L, C t lifornia Hote l- A jolly time was
enjoyed by all present, and it wae voted
to make the banquet an annual affair to
take place the evening before the fooi
ball game. For this purpose a permanent
organization was effected.
Health Board's Report.
Chief Statistician Coffey of the Health
Board has completed his report for Sep
tember, shoving 49J. births registered dur
ing the month and 516 deaths in this city
There were forty-four violent deaths the
rest be:ng caused by disease. The birth
rate per HH per annum was 16.632 and
the death rate 17.196.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived:
San Francisco— S. Chapman at the Im
perial, C. M. Martine at the Grand T
MacDermott at the Manhattan, M w'
Rosenshine at the Hoffman, J. siosg at
the Holland.
Los Angeles— M. W. Harris at the Man
hattan, F. E. Rising at the Marlborough
Sacramento— C. Is*. Poet at the Herald'
Square.
It is easier to carry on a flirtation than
to carry off an heiress.
A GIRL'S TALL
With a Bea»on for Misleading the
Father.
"We have tried for a Jong time to per-
isuade papa that perhaps his diet had
something to o<, with his HI feelings. He
used to laugh good-naturedly and say,
'Why, girls, I've been used to eating and
drinking ever f.ince I was a boy. I was
trained that way. No, I fear some change
has taken place in my body and I shall
never be well again.'
"We often suggested that he leave off
•yjffee and tobacco, but he urged that
•hey did not hurt him and were a com-
:ort; go we acquiesced, until one day sls-
ier insisted on making the coffee one-ha»f
PoEtum Food Coffee, and it was mad-;
that way for about ten days, until papa
¦4 brighter and complained less oi.
his head.
" 'That s it!" suiter exclaimed, and from
that day she served Postum alone with-
tui any coffee.
"Papa never detected the difference, fo-
Ye have learned the secret of making
INietum to give it a prime, crisp flavor. It
-y enough — just allow it to continue
f fifteen minutes, counting from the
tme boiling commences, not from tha
t;me it is placed on the stove.
"Well, the dear old 6oul seemed day by
day to take on new life. He began to •
;.t the office later, and was full of
I hen he came home in the evening.
"The proof is plain enough that, morn- !
ing after morning, year in and year out, i
*«¦ had been feeding our dear old gov- j
e-nor with coffee that is really a strong j
liquid drug, and it was gradually but
turely killing him.
"When it was partially removed he got j
c little better, and when it was entirely j
r< moved and the pure food coffee, Pos- I
tim. sf-rved his recovery was rapid.
'lon't fool papa on many things,
but we just fcad to thie time, tor he was
stf <Wty and eureiy leaving us, and we
tee dear old man too much to leave j
ng undone that will keep him here.
- woman's- privilege, you know, to!
cajole and beg, then "finesse,' if the j
dear old hard-headed things won't listen
to reason." J
Florodora Sextet Wins the Favor of a
Delighted Audience.
ANEW era has come in in doll
showp. The new regime glorifies
the vaudeville skit, the musical
number— in a word, the set pro
gramme of entertainment. Society
on the stage amuses society in the
boxes and in the balcony. The
dolls are relegated for the time to
the safety of side rooms and are
forgotten except in so far as the
name of the function keeps them
present in the thoughts of the pleasure
seekers.
At least such is the new doll show of
the Doctor's Daughters as seen last night
at Native Sons' Hall. Transported into a
new atmosphere, the traditions of the old
Maple room exhibition all broken, the new
function established a record all its own,
and, while many of the old-time patrons
j felt regret for the bid, most were pleased
with the new.
At night society turned • out in force.
Mason street was early crowded with car
riages from Post street to far below
Geary. The beautiful women, and hand
some men of San Francisco were there,
and the assemblage resembled' that of a
first night of grand opera more than the
casual coming and going of the custom
ary doll show first night.
There were intermissions in the pro
gramme when people remembered that
there were other ways to swell the fund
of the society than simply paying the
price of admission, and at such times the
refreshment booths and the fish pond
were crowded and - "change" was not a
consideration. But the poor dolls in their
dainty dresses of white and pink silk were
utterly neglected.' The doilhouse alone
was left, moved into the vestibule, to re
mind patrons in its charming way that
the show was one of dolls and not of Bo
hemians and grown-up beauties.
The afternoon was an auspicious open
ing of the doll show. The dolls were
then all in evidence and the children were
there in numbers to admire them and the
women studied with delight the creations
of the modietes. Many sales were made
and the Doctor's Daughters felt that it
was a happy beginning.'
Florodora Sextet the Feature.
At night, however, came i the triumph,
the new conquest .of society by this par
ticular function, and it was more com
plete than ever the Maple room • saw.
The society edition :of the Florodora
sextet and the Bohemian Club skit- had
every one on the gui vive. Not that the'
remainder of the programme was unat
tractive, but Florodora sextets with real
society belles and beaux in the line-up and
a vaudeville skit with' Bohemians burst
ing forth from the exclusiveness of jinks
under the redwoods are drawing cards
which are not bumped into every day.
The sextet made, a great hit. It was
different, it is true, from that of the
"pretty maidens" and "gentle . strangers",
that San Francisco learned to love it the
Columbia, but it had its own peculiar
merits. The girls were pretty and . the
men could be matinee idols if they would.
They sang well and danced well. To be'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
sure, the first time off the girls failed to
give the nod in concert, but on the en
cores they did the trick to perfection.
Among the men Frank Rodolph made the
hit. He went into the game with all tne
enthusiasm he displayed in the Stanford-
California football game two years ago
when he stopped Kaarsburg's kangaroo
plunges over the Stanford line. He made
a few foul tackles, but there was no um
pire to penalize his side, and the game
went on to the great delight of the "au
dience.
The Bohemian Club skit, "The Billion
aire," was replete with witticisms and
funny situations, and the members of tne
cast acquitted themselves with much
credit. Dr. Shiels, the fake philanthro
pist, "Lord Mornegie," kept the sympathy
of the audience in spite of his cruel
hoaxes on trusting grafters. Jack Wil
son was an ideal oil stock promoter. C. J.
Dickman, as "Schweips," the artist, con
verted a haying scene into a moonlight
with a facility that was most disillusion
izing. Orrin Peck was rather too hoarse
even for a husky stage-struck girl, but
his exposure of short hair beneath the
picture hat and blonde wig was clever
and very fetching. Dick Hotaling was
unobjectionable as the tramp who dis
covered the identity of his old pal, faking
the billionaire, and Noble Eaton was a
good enough hotel clerk.
Among those in attendance were the
following:
Names of the Guests.
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Crocker, Judge and Mrs
\an Fleet. A. J. Hechtman, Dr. and Mrs F
W. Huntington, Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Crawford'
Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Hale, Mtf; and Mrs'
5' ,C-, C - » Mlller ' Prentlrs Burtiss, Miss Ralpha
Hale, Mrs. S. Knight, Miss Holbrook, Miss El
morj, J. H. Mcc, Burbank Somers. Air. and
Mrs. T H. Williams Jr.. Miss Steele. thb
Misses Crellm. Whlpple Hall, R. N. Fitzgerald
Roger Friend, Mrs. A. Hesthall. Miss J
Cronln. Mrs. Henry Stern, Mies Flora Stern,
Robert Moore, Mlbs Frances Rersly Miss Flor
ence Starr. Mrs. R. S. Moore, A. J. Campbell,
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Dutton, Miss Mollie Uut
tr.n M : -« G°rtn <1c Prttnn, Mr. and Mrs. Au
»u»tu» Ta, or. Mr. ard Mrs. W. H. Taylor Jr.,
Joseph U. iupin. Mist, ueorgia Hopkins, Miss
Frances Hopkins, H. W. Poett, F. W. McNear,
•R. M. Ayre, Mrs. A. P. Hotaling Jr.. Miss N.
Hennessy. R. J. Housman, R. M. Hotaling, C. K.
Held, Mrs. H. Pillsbury. Mrs. L. F. Monteagle,
Miss Van Slcklen, Frank King. Mrs. J. Som
ers. Mr. and Mrs. George Somers, Mrs Burt
Mr. and Mrs. M. F. Balrd, Mr. and Mrs.
Emlle Quard, Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. de Young. Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck, D. de V. Graham. Mrs. Mary Kincald,
Miss A. Apperson, Mr. and Mrs. Jasper Mc-
Donald, the Misses Jollfre, Frank Goad Par
ker Whitney, Mr. and Mrs. Bibb, Miss Mc-
Mullan, the Misses Callahan. Mr. and Mrs. J
A. Folger. Mrs. Cutler, Mrs. U Baker. Miss
Sarah Coffin, Miss U. Btone, Dr. and Mrs. J.
D. Arnold. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot. Colonel
and Mrs. Richard A. Eddy, Mrs. M. D. Ride
out, Kdward Rideout, Mrs. Jarboe. Mrs. Robln-
Bon, Mif»s Catherine Jarboe Robinson, Mr
Rougsi. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin, Princ°
and Princess Poniatowski, Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin, General Young, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T.
Scott.
The doilhouse is easily the feature of
the show. Its beauty and daintiness at
tracts all, from the smallest tot to grown
up people, and a closer examination givet
a succession of pleasant surprises, as one
SCENE IN NATIVE SONS' HALL, WHERE THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS ARE HOLDING THEIR ANNUAL DOLL
SHOW, AND A FEW OF THE DAINTY BEAUTIES THAT HAVE CAUSED THE HUNDREDS OF LADY VISIT
ORS RAPTURES OF DELIGHT.
Bohemians Burst From the Ixclusiveness of Redwood Forest
Jinks Into the Glare of the Calcium Light.
finds in every room and nook and corner
furnishings as complete as the most
punctilious housekeeper would wan;.'
From the time the doors of the hall were
opened until the visitors dispersed late
at night the marvelous little residence
was surrounded by an admiring crowd.
The first sale of note was to Thomas K.
Williams Jr., who, following his custom
of years past, bought the Wallace doil
for $150 to present it to Miss Burns to add
to her famous collection. The doll a
large, handsome one, is dressed in a tail
or-made skirt of fawn broadcloth, whiti
silk waist, sealskin coat with collar and
facing of chinchilla, a toque of sealskin
and chinchilla, with pompon of white vel
vet ribbon and feathers, and a muff of
chinchilla and white velvet.
Magnin contributes a large doll, to b*
raffled, which has a dress of fine white
lawn elaborately trimmed with valen ¦
ciennes.
Schoenwasser sent a handsome doll
dressed in white organdie over pink silk
The skirt has two deep ruffles of lace and
the waist is made with a lace bertha and
the front tucked.
Mayer contributes a doll with red silk
opera cloak and ermine collar. Its hand
some hat is contributed by Miss Gilbert.
Scores of Dolls to Be Sold.
More than a hundred other dolls of ail
sizes and styles of dress are the contribu
tions of the Doctor's Daughters and their
friends.
Mrs. Frank D. Bates is in charge of the
doll department, and assisting her are
Mrs. Dr. J. Stow Ballard, Miss Louis?
Bruce, Mrs. Kdward H. Horton Mrs I
Norrls Hlbberd. Mrs. Jean Pollock, Mrs}.
Marshall Hale, Mrs. J. Dempster McKee,
Mrs. George D. Cooper, Mrs. W. K. Guth
rie, Miss Gertie Goewey and Miss Margo..
The grabbag and fish pond are in
charge of Miss Emma McMillan, assiste 1
by Mrs. Charles W. Slack, Mrs. James
Alva Watt, Miss Erberfling, Mrs. Linda
H. Bryan and Misses Maude Cluff, Mabel
Toy, Laura Taylor, May Reis, Mare
Wells, Leta Gallatin, Leila Fairchil.l.
Mabel Cluff, .Agnes Simpson, Gertrude
Campbell, Ella Morgan, Gertrude Dutton.
Maude Simpson, Mary Polhemus and
Elizabeth Chapman.
The refreshment booth Is under the caro
of Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, and assisting
her are Miss Alice Owen, Miss Edith
Huntington, Miss Elsie Dorr, Miss Helen
Thomas, Miss Edna Davis, Miss Gertie
Goewey, Miss. Maude O'Connor, Misses
Ella and Therese Morgan. Miss Sophi i
Pierce, Miss Holbrook and Miss Alice
Herrin.
The programme committee, composed
of Mrs. George B. Somers, Mrs. Wake
field Baker, Mrs. Linda H. Bryan, Miss
Hyde and Mrs. W. R. Cluness, provide!
for an excellent afternoon programme for
the entertainment, primarily, of the eh' I
dren. A similar programme, with the ad
dition of the Florodora sextet, will be
given this afternoon.
The girls of Pollard's Australian Juve
nile Opera Company were delighted spec
tators during the afternoon.
PLAY CARDS AT SOROSIS.
The largest euchre party of the season
was given yesterday afternoon In the
rooms of the Sorosis Club by Mrs. H. R.
Mann. The players were ranged at twen
ty-one tables. Miss Daisy Burns, Miss
Florence Bailey, Miss Nettie Yale, Miss
Edith Manning. Miss Ruby Sessions and
Miss Bessfe Wilson kept tally for the
players.
Mrs. Mann's guests were:
Mrs. George Ames, Mrs. Joseph Austin, Mrs.
James Bailey. Mrs. George Bailey. Mrs. Linda
Bryan, Mrs. R. Battams, Mrs. Ed. Bent, Mrs.
H. B. Berryman, Mrs. Clement Bennett, Mrs.
Blodget, Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, Mrs. A. J.
Bryant, Mrs. W. Bradford. Mrs. F. C. Curtis,
Mrs. Coen, Mrs. John Conrad, Mrs. J. Coey,
Mrs. J. C. Cogan. Mrs. L.. L. Dunbar, MUs
Fannie Daniels. Mrs. Denson, Mrs. W. Dodge.
Mrs. Ed. Danrorth. Miss Fannie Danforth, Mrs.
Davis, Mrs. James Edwards, Mrs. W. Eckert.
Mrs. Hampton Field, Mrs. Freeman, Mrs. W. D.
Fennlirfore, Mrs. C. Newhall, Mrs. Osgood, Mrs.
W. M. Pierson, Mrs. Henry Payot. Mrs. J.
Rels, Mrs. C. O. Scott, Mrs. E. B. Stonehlll,
Mrs. Frank Sumner. Mrs. Spruance, Mrs. Ses
sions, Mrs. Sinclaire, Mrs. A. D. Sharon, Mrs.
Frank Taylor, Mrs. George Tay, Mrs. H
Treat, Mrs. William Willis, Mrs. F. L. Whit
ney, Mrs. Wilson. Mrs. A. A. Watkins, Mrs.
C. S. Wright, Mrs. Aiva Watt, Mrs. Asa R.
Wells, Mrs. J. P. Young. Mrs. Yeamans, Mrs.
Yftuns. Mrs. Harry Fonda, Mrs. Walter Fon
da, Mrs. A. Flnnle, Mrs. Ed. Godfrey, Mrs. A
Haselhurst, Mrs. Ed. Hoyt, Mrs. William
Hardy, Miss L. Haste, Mrs. H. Holmes, Mrs.
W. Herrtck. Mrs. Hall, Mrs. W. G. Harrison.
Mrs. Clinton Jones, Mrs. R. Jennings Mrs
George A. Knight. Mrs. H. Kiel. Mrs. Homer
King. Mrs. E. Lee. Mrs. J. Luke. Mrs. G. P.
Low, Mrs. Curtis Lindley. Mrs. Harry Mor
ton, Mrs. C. Mullins. Mrs. Moulton, Mrs. Man
ning, Mrs. S. Marcus.
ITALIAN BAND
TO HELP FUND
Signor Creatore's Offer
of a Popular Concert
Accepted.
Latin Musicians Tender Tri
bute Toward Verdi
Monument.
Sisnor Creatore, the energetic director
of the now famous Royal Italian Band,
has offered the services of his wonderful
musicians for the benefit of the fund be
ing" raised by the local Italian colony for
a monument to the memory of Giuseppe
Verdi.
The fund is growing rapidly and it is
expected that the concert to be given to
morrow evening in Mechanics Pavilion
by the Royal Italian Band will bring a
substantial addition to it.
The programme will be a.' popular one.
The prices will also be reasonable. Me
chanics' Pavilion was seltcted a* being the
only place in the city sufficiently commo
dious to accommodate the crowd which.
it 4 s expected will take advantage of this
rare musical opportunity.
Charming Ellery, the manager of the
hand, is a great admirer of Italian art.
Verdi was hid favorite composer. When
he heard of the project for erecting a
monument in Golden Gate Park to Ver
di's memory he expressed his desire
something toward raising the necessary
money.
It was suggested that he ask Creatore
to give a concert. The genial little leader
expressed hi 3 delight at the opportunity
the suggestion gave him and has arranged
to give to-morrow evening a concert
which will be memorable in the musical
annals of this town. The programme will
be as follows:
PART X.
March. "Royal Purple" Creatore
Overture, "Poet and Peasant" Suppe
"Intermezzo Russe" Franke
Prelude. "Cavalleria Kustitsna" Mascasni
Incidental 3010 by Sinrnor Marino.
Sextet from •Lucia" DonisetU
Solos by Sigriori Palma, Marino. Curti,
Ai'iila, Liberatore ar I Baaile.
PART 11.
March Xo. 11 Mancini
Overture, ' 'Tannhaust- r" Wagner
Selection. "Florodora 1 ' Stuart
Act IV, "II Trovatore," including the great
Miserere Verdi
Grand fantasia, "Carmen" Bizet
Prelude. Habanera. Toreador. Chorus. Bo
hemian Song. Prelude and Finale Act IV.
.Solos by SignDri Palma. Marino, Curti
and Ferullo.
MILEAGE TICKETS WILL
BE INTERCHANGEABLE
Important Business to Be Transacted
at Meeting of Transcontinental
Lines.
The meeting of the transcontinental
lines at the Planters' Hotel at St. Loui3
on the 10th Inst. will be of Importance to
the people of the Pacific Coast. Passenger
Traffic Manager E. O. McCormick and his
chief clerk, \V. G. Gardiner, of the South
ern Pacific Company will represent that
corporation at the meeting.
Among the questions to come up for
consideration will be that'of adopting a
plan of interchangeable mileage tickets
used by traveling men west of Denver.
It is proposed to adopt a form of ticket
which will be acceptable on all lines with
in that territory, thereby preventing the
great inconvenience which marks the
present system. It is hpped that the plan
proposed will be made effective on Jan
uary 1, 1902.
The rates on westbound passenger traf
fic will be fixed for ibu various fraternal
gatherings to be held in California next
year. The Knights of Pythias Conclave
will be held in this city in August, 1902.
In June the Shriners will meet here, and
in May the Federatfon of Women's Clubs
meets at Los Angeles. In addition to
these the Independent Foresters meet at
Los Angeles in April, and the convention
of the Travelers' Association meets at
Portland. It is proposed to flx low rates
for the round trip from the East to all
desiring to visit the coast* at the times
the various meetings are held.
Serious Charge Against a Husband.
In a complaint for divorce filed by Katie
Fleischer against Charles FleischeT for
cruelty yesterday Mrs. Fleischer alleged
that her husband's cruelty consisted of
an attempt to have her committed to an
insane asylum, and of his boasts of being
an unfaithful husband. The Fleischers
were married in 1878 and have three adult
children. Mrs. Fleischer further alleges
that her husband la in the possession of
property wo^-th $18, 000. and she prays the
court for an order directing that she be
given the entire estate.
Campbell Failed to Appear.
The case of Thomas Powers, charged
with robbery, was called in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday, but as the com
plaining witness. John Campbell of 5U
Minna street, failed to appear a bench
warrant was issued for his arrest. The
case was continued ti^, November 12.
Powers was accused of Taking Campbell
to his room and robbing} him of $2 30 and
a sweater, which was fonnd in Powers'
possession when he was arrested.
Stole a Lady's Purse.
Aged Anthony McDonald appeared be
fore Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of grand larceny. He Is accused of steal
ing a purse containing $4 50 from Mrs.
Mary Devine -of Stanislaus County in
front of Hale Bros.' store Thursday aft
ernoon. He was arrested by Special Offi
cer Green. The case was continued till
Monday. The old man said he stole the
purse because he was hungry.
'•Tommy" Wallace Arraigned.
"Tommy" Wallace, alias George Wil
liams, was instructed and arraigned be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the
charge of burglary for entering the room
of Patrick O'Neill, 19 Market street, and
stealing 183. The ease was continued till
Thursday. A charge of having burglars'
tools in his possession was also booked
against Wallace yesterday.
Mrs. Graves Sues for Support.
Noel Graves, husband of Adelaide E.
Graves, according to the complaint filed
yesterday in a suit for maintenance, has
not contributed a cent toward the sup
port of his family since 1899. Mrs. Graves
alleges that her husband la earning 1150
per month. The couple were married in
British Columbia in IS9O.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANDRUFF * WON'T WASH OUT.
The Germ That Causes It Has to Be
, Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
; week scouring her scalp, thinking scrub- •
bing off the scurf will cure the dandruff.
Two hours a week, at the age of 40. years, •
she has spent 290 days of 12 hours . each,
or two-thirds of a year of her < life, in
that vain hope— because you 1 can' t
cure dandruff without killing the dandruff
germ, and the only : hair preparation on
earth that will do that Is Newbro's "Her. ,
picide" — also ' a delightful - hair, dressing
and v thorough antiseptic . against all con-
tagion from use of others' hair bruahe*,. *
112
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stiver a fraction or two firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Mexico m the uiarket for American Wheat.
Barlcx, Com and Rye weak. Oats quieter.
Hay fairly steady. Feedstuff s weak.
Fink Beans weak. Other descriptions steady. *
Butter dedmmg and Eggs advancing. Cheese unchanged.
Dried Apples very firm everywhere. Other Dried Fruits dull.
Provisions weak and dull here and firmer at' Chicago.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meats, especially Hogs, in good supply.
Potatoes higher. Onions steady.
Green Peas coming in from Los Angeles.
Poultry easy under liberal receipts from the East
Fresh Fruits dull and without especial feature.
More activity in local stocks and bonds.
Coffee quiet and steady.
Foreign Exports.
Exports from this port during the first ten
months cf the year were $31,533,400, against
(34.396,400 during the same time last year, the
; eading amounts being as follows: To Atlantic
pom ; >reat Britain. $5,866,600; Spain,
394; China. $4,442.^90; Japan, $2,731,850;
Australia, t2,156.:20; New Zealand, $1,215,700;
Mexico, 51. 474. 460; Central America, $1,772,930;
South America, ILtICWO; British Columbia,
|546,2K; Philippine Islands, J790.714.
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this pert during the
first ten months of the year were $10,550,760,
74.144 during the same time last
rear, the leading destinations being as fol
.ows: China. $7,913,420; New York, $2,499.32):
Mexico, JIOO.OO^'. The leading descriptions were:
Sold bullion. $221,835; silver bullion. 53.753.6?6;
Mexican dollars. $.4,321,147; silver coin. $187,-
J«0: grid coin ?1,417,500; currency and bonds,
Weather Report.
h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 8, 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
'ast season, and rainfalls in the last tventy
.'our hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 6.78 8.70
Red Bluff 0.00 3.90 3.75
?acramento' 0.00 1.90 1.92
Fan Francisco 0.00 142 2.12
Fresno 0.00 1.13 0.49
Independence 0.00 1.07 0.94
San Luis Obispo 0.00 2.86 1.93
• -.teles 0.00 2.00 0.26
San Diego 0.00 0.34 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
rimum, 52; mean, 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
B 4S-3S Omaha 42-36
Cincinnati 54-34 Duluth 32-24
Washington 56-3S Salt Lake City 58-38
Jacksonville 72-50 Chicago 40-32
New York s^-42 St. Louis 50-34
Kansas City 46-34 Philadelphia 50-40
• THE COAST RECORD.
022 a 2 3
STATIONS. "3 === = <~ I™ ' «
I sficl r 5
: : : : a
Astoria 30.06 52 M SW Cloudy !o
Baker 50. 16 46 24 E Cloudy .0
Carson *... 29.96 68 34 W Cloudy .0
Eureka 30.04 E4 44 SW Cloudy .0
Fresno^ 29.98 76 46 XW Clear .0
Flagstaff 3". 58 30 S Clear .0
Poeatello, 1dah0... 30. 10 68 40 W Cloudy .0
Independence 29.98 68 46 S Clear .0
Los Angeles 30.04 68 48 W Pt Cldy .0
Phoenix 30.00 82 56 H Clear " .0
Portland 30,04 52 38 SE Cloudy .0
Red Bluff 30.04 64 46 SW Cloudy .0
Roseburg 30.02 62 44 N\V Cloudy .0
Sacramento 30. C0 66 48 SE Clear .0
Salt Lake 30.16 60 38 W Clear .0
San Francisco 30.06 58 52 SW Clear .0
San Luis 0bi5p0.. .30.08 60 42 NW Clear .0
San Diego 30.02 68 66 XIV Cloudy .0
Seattle 30. 48 36 N Cloudy .0
Spokane 39.20 J2 30 NE Pt Cldy .0
Neah Bay 30.04 48 42 E Cloudy .0
Walla 'Valla t.. 30.12 46 34 S Cloudy .0
Winnemucca 30.02 60 30 E Cloudy .0
Yuma 2?. 94 &6 52 N Clear .0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
The pressure has fallen along the coast north
of San Francisco, and while no disturbance has
yet appeared within the limits of observation,
conditions are such that a storm may move
rapidly southward along the coast.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary west of. the Rocky Mountains. No rain has
fallen in the past twelve hours on the Pacific
Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 9. 1901:
Northern California— Saturday, prob
ably showers in the afternoon and night In the
northwestern region; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday; light
northerly winds, changing to southerly. ;
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; fresh easterly
winds.
£an Francisco and vicinity— Saturday,
probably showers in the afternoon and night •
light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. .
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. 'Nov. B.— There was a falling
off in the volume of transactions in to-day's
stock market, but the speculation continued
notably active. There were conspicuous points
of strer-zth throughout, but the general list
moved irregularly and a number of prominent
stocks were «t different times above and be
low last nurtifE level. Realizing was very
largre in stocks which have been' strongest re
cently, following the custom "of the market for
Borne time past. Notable in this respect wer->
St. Paul and the Pacifies. An effort was made
at one time to renew the upward movement in
these stocks, with a resulting advance in St.
Paul ot 1% over last night's level, but the
advance met fresh realizing and was wiped
out union Pacific's movement was similar.
New York Central made another notable show
of Btrenrth at an extreme advance of 3%.
Humor.- continue current of the early adoption
of a olan for a proprietary company to hold
the stocks of the Vanderbllt railroads. Penn
sylvania and its subsidiary stocks formed
another center of strength, except Baltimore
and Ohio which was reactionary on realizing-,
and the Wheeling and Like Erie stocks moved
in sympathy with this group. The Southwest
ern stocks were generally strong to the ac
companiment of reports of large earnings and
pending inereasas in disbursements. An ac
tive demand occurred for Louisville and Nash
ville and for the Atchison stocks, notably the
preferred, which touched 102%.
The buying of this stock and of Louisville
was bailed on the general argument that they
were.sellins low compared with other stocks
paying the same dividend. ¦ The settlement of
the Northwestern Railroad controversy con
tinued to receive much attention, to-day's ver-
Fion pointing to the granting to the Union
s Pacific of proportionate control of the Bur
lington Fystem by concessions of direct hold
inss in that company. The possibility of re
leasing locked capital under this plan make it
particularly attractive to the speculative imag
ination. The preliminary figures of cash move
ments for the past week indicate a small net
charts In the banks" reserves, although the
various currents contributing to that result
have been unusually complex and numerous.
The <- x; ,,rt of $2,750,CC0 of gold has been largely
off ret by the Sub-Treasury payment on account
of the Australian and Klondike gold, while
that Institution's collections of Government
revenues in excess of expenditures has been
met by the redemption of Government bonds.
Th« Sub-Treasury paid to-day on that account
• $1,171,540 in par value of Government bonds
which did not figure in the estimates of the
cash movement. The banks have lost a small
mount on balance in the interior movement
by express. The reported .settlement of the
Franco-Turkish difficulty was very slightly re
flectf-d here except as it affected the feeling of
hopefulness over the relaxation of the future
fortJrn demand for gold. The market closed
Irregular, with considerable reactions from th
best, caused by heavy realizing during', th»
la«t hoar.
"•here were sharp upward movements In Cen
tral of Georgia bonds and in Kansas and
Texas - seconds. The bond market generally
was active and irregular. Total sales, par
value, $1,530,000. . . ••.-...
United States bonds, were all unchanged on
the last call. : . .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. "
Stocks— Sales High * Low Close
Atchlson 80,100 84V4 82% 83%
Atchison pfd 85,300 102% 98% 101%
Baltimore & Ohio 9,700 109% 108% 108%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd. .... 94
Canadian Pacific 6,600 1f2% 112% 112
Canada Southern 1,500 84% 84 84%
Chesapeake & Ohio 23,900 48% 47% 48
Chicago & Alton 3,300 • 37%' 36% 36%
Chicago & Alton pfd . ' 77%
Chicago Ind & L 6,700 43% 42% 43
Chi Ind & L pfd 2,100 .74 72% 73
Chicago & Eastern 111.. 500 132 131% 130
Chicago & Great West.. 3.200 25% 25 25
Chicago &G W A pfd.. 500 89 89 89
Chicago &G W B pfd... 600 50 49 49
Chicago & Northwestern ' 800 212 211% 210
C R I & P..., 2.100 148 146% 146%
Chi Terminal & Trans.. 1,600 20% 19% 19%
Chi Ter & Trans pfd ' 36%
C C C & St Louis 3,100 101 100 59%
Colorado Southern 1.900 14% 14% 14%
Colo Southern Ist pfd... 2,000 56% 54% 55%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 300 25% 25% 25%
Delaware & Hudson ... 2,500 174% 173 173
Delaware L & West .... 236
Denver & Rio Grande... 1,700 46% 46 46 "
Denver & Rio G pfd 8,000 95% 93% 94%
Erie .„... 27,800 42% 42 42%
Erie Ist pfd 6,100 71% 70% 71
Erie 2d pfd 2,100 57% 57 66%
Great Northern pfd...... 7,300 197% 195% 196%
Hocking Valley \... 800.58% jSS 58
Hocking Valley pfd 100 77% 77% ITU
Illinois Central ......... 11,000 142% 140% 141%
lowa Central -300 40 40% 40%
lowa Central pfd 300 78 ' 78 77%
Lake Erie & Western.. 1,000 74% 74 .74
Lake Erie & West pf« > .... 132 ¦
Louisville & Nashville.. 50,800 107% 105>i 106%
Manhattan L 9,900 125% 124% 125%
Metropolitan St Ry..... 11.300 158 Vi I"'- 157' 4
Mexican Central 2,200 21% 21% 21%
Mexican National 700 13% 13V4 13%
Minn &St L0ui5....i.... 200 10S% 108% 108%
Missouri Pacific 1C.300 103% 101% 102%
Missouri Kan & Texas. 2,000 27% 27 27%
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 2,400 54% 53% 64
New Jersey Central .. v 3CO 176 176 174
New York Central '. 40.400 164% 161% 163%
Norfolk & Western 23,100 55% 56% 57%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 90% 90% 90
Northern Pacific pfd.... 1,300 102% 102% 102%
Ontario & Western ..... 13.400 35% 34% 35%
Pennsylvania 50,600 147% 146 146%
Reading 8,100 44 43% 43%
Reading Ist pfd 4.900 77% 77% 77%
Reading 2d pfd B. soo 55% 54% 54%
St Louis & San Fran... 5,900 49 47% 48%
St L & San Fran Ist pfd 350 81 79% 80
St L & San Fran 2d pfd. 2,300 70\ 69% 70*/.
St Louis Southwestern. 1,600 29% 28% 29*
St L Southwestern pfd. 5,900 60% 59% 59%
St Paul 71.500 174% 172% 172%
St Paul pfd 800 191% 191% 191
Southern Pacific .'. 32,500 62% 61% 61%
Southern Railway 22,200 34% 34% 34%
Southern Railway: pfd.. 10,100 91% 90% 90%
Texas & Pacific ..i...... 3,000 41% 40% 41
Toledo St L & West 200 21 21 21
Toledo St L & West pfd 1,000 36% 36 36%
Union Pacific 30,800 108% 106% 107
Union Pacific pfd....,..., 5.700 90% 90 90%
. aba! " •¦ ;... 4,700 21% 20% 21%
abash .pfd ,"....... 5,300 38% 35 35%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 1,600 •' 19% 18% 18%
Wheel &LE 2d pfd.... 200 31% 31 31
Wisconsin Central 800 21% 21 21
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 42 41% 41%
Express companies-
Adams .... 183
American ...; 190
United States 90
Wells-Fargo , 154
Miscellaneous
Amalgamated Copper... 11,300 87% 85% 86%
Am Car & Foundry 600 26% 26% 26%
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 100 81% "81% 81%
Am Linseed Oil ... 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd.... 44
Am Smelting & Refln.. 6.900 44% 43 43
Am Smelt & Refln pfd.. 1,500 97% 97% 97%
Anaconda Mining Co 4,300 34% 34 34%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 9,100 64% 63% 61
Colorado Fuel & 1r0n... 100 95 95 '93
Consolidated Gas 500 217 216% 216
Continental Tobacco pfd 100. 115% 115% 114%
General Electric 600 259 257 255
Glucose Sugar 200 39 39 39%
Hocking Coal 200 14% 14% 14%
International Paper 800 20 19% 19
International Pap pfd.. 600 76 75% 7MJ
International Power 200 88% 88 88
Laclede Gas 9 - >i4
National Biscuit 200 42% ii% 41{|
National Lead 100 19% 13% 19%
National Salt .... 2914
National Salt pfd 300 63 62 " 62
North American 700 95% 94% 94%
Pacific Coast 1,400 63 62
Pacific Mail 6,200 47% 46% 47
People's Gas *«X) 102% 101% 101%
Pressed Stea* Car T3OOT 300 42% 42% 41%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. .200 84 84 83
Pullman Palace Car . ¦ 218
Republic Steel 2,600 15% 15*" 15%
Republic Steel pfd 400 66% 66% 66%
Sugar v .... 7,100 118%. 117% 118
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2,200 62 61% 61'/,
Union Bag & Paper Co. 500 15% 15 15%
Union Bag &P Co pfd. 600 73% 73% 72%
United States- Leather.. 1,600 12% 12% V'L
United States Leath Dfd 500 81 80% 81
United States Rubber... 200 15 15 15
United States Rub pfd.° 200 48 48 4S
United States Steel 14,800 43% 43 43U
United States Steel pfd. 9,100 92% 92% 92%
Western Union 900 92% 91% 92
: Total sales 916,800
NEW YORK BONDS, i •
U S ref 2s reg 109 Hocking Vail 4%5.107%
Do 2a coupon.... 109 L& N unl 45. .....102
Do 3s reg 108 Mexican Cent 45.. B**4
Do 3s coupon. 108 Do Ist 1nc........ 52
Do new 4s reg... 139 Minn & St L 45.. 103%
Do new 4s c0up. 139 M X & T 4s 100%
.Do old 4s reg 112% Do 2ds 84%
Do old 4s coup.... 112% NYC lsts...: 105%
Do 5s reg 107 i Do gen 3%s 108%
Do 5s coupon 107 NJ C gen 5s 131
Atchison gen 45... 103% N Pacific 4s 104 M.
Do adj 4s 93 Do 3s 72%
Baltimore & O 4s. 103% N & W con 4s 102%
Do 3%s 96% Reading gen 45... 99
Do Cony 4s 108% St L & I M con 5s 117
Canada So 2ds 108 St L& S F 45.....' 93
Cent of Georgia ss.lO7Vi!St L Swestern lsts 91%
Do Ist Inc 81% Do 2d5.... ........ 80%
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107 Sn Ant &A P 45.. 87%
Chic & Alton 3%5. 85 8 Pacific 4s 945!
C B & Q new 45... 98% 8 Railway 5s 120%
C M & St P gen 45.110% Tex & Pac lsts....H9'
Chic & N con 75. ..137% U Pacific 4s 105%
Chic R I & P 45. .106% Do cony 4s 108%
C C C & St L g 43.103% Wabash Ist?.. 118%
Chicago Term «s.. 91% Do 2d5........ HO',,
Colorado & So 45.. 88%- Do deb 8......... 60%
Deny & R G 45... 103 West Shore 45.... 113 "
Erie prior lien 45.. 99% W & L E is 91%
Do gen 4s 88% Wise Cent 4s 88%
F W & D C lsts... 107% Con Tobacco 4*... 64
. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 1 Little Chief. 13
Alice 40 Ontario v..... 975
Breece 1 OO.Ophir .72
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 07
Comstdck Tunne1... 05% Potosi 05
Con '"al & Va 1 ">."> Savage " 05
Deadwood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada...." 10
Horn Silver 1 90 Small H0pe5........ 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard ............3 75
Leadville Con 05 . .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
¦ Money— I United Fruit 88%
Call loans .....3@4 Mining— •*-.••
Time 10an5.. ......4@4% Adventure ......... 22%
Bonds— . ._. Allouez ....;..... " 4S
Atchlson 4s 102 Amalgamated '.'.'." 86%
Gas lsts 79% Baltic .... 41
Mex.Cent 4s 80 Bingham .......'..*.'»
N T» E ( P aS & Coke " 51 Calumet & Hecla.6so ;
Railroads— , Centennial ,16
Atchlson 83% i Copper Range. . . '. . 59 v
•Do Prefd 101% Dominion" Coal '.47%
Boston & Albany..2s7 Franklin ... i«
Boston & Maine. .l 92 'Isle Royale . "*"' 24
Boston Elevated... l 66 Mohawk " sii7
NYN h& h 212% Old Dominion r£.
Fitch burg pfd 143 Osceola ."¦"- o&
Union Pacific 107 Parrot ' '?e
Mexican Central.. 21 Quincy . "" 137
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper" '4%
American Sugar... llß Tamarack ...... '256
Amer Tel & Tel... 157 ITrimountain- ...... 40
Dominion 1*8.... 27% Trinity ....:.... 26%
General Electric... United States...... 15%
Mass Electric...... 36% Utah ..'.... " *£
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
Jj E Gas & Coke.. 4*4: Victoria 6%
L ' S Steel -13 Wlnona 2
Do Prefd D 2% Wolverine 57
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market 'was brisker and more cheer
ful to-day, the rumor that Turkey had yielded
to France creating a favorable . Impression.
American shares were. neglected till the close,
London showing caution and taking profits be
fore to-morrow's holiday, while New York
showed apathy. On the curb there was a sud
den flare up to the amazement of everybody.
The ¦ market was h furiously active. • New York
buying everything, particularly Atclftson,' Nor
folk and Western and Chesapeake and Ohio.
There was no explanation of this burst of ac
tivity and London was much puzzled.
CLOSING. . v l
LONDON, Nov. B.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchison,
84%; Atchison preferred, 101%; Canadian Pa
cific. 115%; Denver and Rio Grande, 47V4; Den
ver and Rio : ; Grande -preferred, 96; Northern
Pacific preferred, 107; Southern Pacific,. 63%;
Union Pacific. 109%; Union ¦ Pacific , preferred,
91%. ; Bar silver, ¦ firmer. 26 7-16 d per ounce.
Money, 2%@2%' Der cent. .
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Money on coll, firm,
at 3',£@4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4%@5 per cent. Sterling exchange, strong, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87 for
demand and at $4 53%@4 83% for sixty days;
posted rates-, $4 54%@4 S5 and $4 87%@4 88; com
mercial bills. $4 83®4 83%. Bar silver, 57% c.
Mexican dollars, 45% c. Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds.
Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance
$175,271,107; gold, $111,417,570.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.-The following table,
compiled, by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at fell principal cities for the week ended
November 7, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing date last weekr
Percentages. I
. _ Inc. Dec.
New York $1,228,284,779 29.7
Chicago 142.432,087 3.8 ....
on ••¦• 131.484,885 15.1
Philadelphia 99,697.112 28.8 ....
St. Louis 45,455,335 48.3 ....
Pittsburg 33,266.688 19.8 ....
Baltimore 22,499,725 25.6 ....
San Francisco 26,280,609 35.2 ....
Cincinnati 19,865,500 - 29 9 ....
Kansas City 20.409,415 28.0 ....
Minneapolis 15, 797.866 31.0 ....
Cleveland 15,263,279 44.7 ....
New Orleans 14,770.173 6.5 ....
Detroit 12,733,842 56.3 ....
Louisville 9,338,440 21.0 ....
Indianapolis 11.446.706 82.3 ....
Providence 7,389,134 24.4
Omaha 6,663,333 12.3 ....
Milwaukee 6.550.177 23.8 ....
Buffalo 5.914.393 15. 7
St. Paul 7.091.525 46.5
Savannah 5,066,214 3 4 ....
Denver 3,992,143 11.3 ....
St. Joseph 4,681,541 3.5
Richmond 3,747,921 21.6 ....
Memphis 4,190,590 16.0
Seattle 3,933,403 48.1 ....
Was-hlngton 3,093,372 18 6
Hartford 255,972 8.2
Los Angeles 3,549,006 75.3 ....
Salt Lake City 3,866,281 65.8
Toledo 2,489,061 13.1
Portland. Or 3,594,758 21.5 ....
Rochester 2,685,169 7 4 ...
Peoria 2,668,763 9.4 ....
Fort Worth 3,782,234 77 2 ....
Atlanta 3,068,101 20.5
Norfolk 1.485,548 11.5
Dcs Moines 1,948,079 14.9 ....
New Haven 1,652,595 14.1
Springfield, Mass... 1.734,048 3.0
Augusta- 1,745,698 22.0 ....
Nashville 1.828.326 25.7
Worcester 1,722,525 6.5 ....
Granfi Rapids 1,419,350 21.4 ....
Sioux City 1.665,343 37.9 ....
Dayton. Ohio 1.359,559 26.7 ....
Syracuse 1,545.947 34.5 ....
Scranton 1.469,935 54.7 ....
Portland, Me 1,661.622 34.2* ....
Spokane 1,531,273 30.6 ....
Tacoma 1.387,379 47.2
Evansville 1,029.697 19.3 ....
Wilmington. Del... 937,674 24.2
Davenport 1,281.131 29.7 |
Fall River 1.025.005 10.6 ,
Birmingham 1,128.740 39.6 1
Topeka 1.22 ft. 146 29.5 .... I
Macon 1.005.000 38.8 •
Little Rock 956,303 22.8 ....
Helena 731,128 39.8
Knoxvllle 652.241 25.1
Lowell ...: 586,639 10.7 I
Wichita 576,793 .... ....
Akron 614.100 17.8
New Bedford 661,740 83.9
Lexington 554,589 29.4 1
Sprinsrield, 111 618,574 46.4 .... I
Binghamton 354,000 23.0
Chattanooga 547,554 47.8 1
Kalam&zoo • 463,264 38.2
Fargo 737.159 85.1
Youngstown 497,164 67.9 ....
Springfield. 0hi0... 358,562 18.5
Rockford 353,136 37.3
Canton 370.000 13.6
Jacksonville 361,099 61.1
Sioux Falls 313.893 71.9
Fremont 142.553 24.5
Bloomington, 111.... 331.066 35.5
Jacksonville, 111.... 164,348 33.3
•Columbus, 0hi0... fi.625,500 22.0 ....
•Galveston 8,880,600 8.7 ....
•Houston 11.892.200 13.7 ....
tColorado Springs.. 1.027.252 20.2 ....
tVVheeling. W. Va. 641,933 ....
tWilkesbarre 1.054,363
Albany 3,973.059
Totals, U. S $2,007,388,158 28.4
Outside N. V 779.103,379 28.1
CANADA.
Montreal $20,978,943 28.8
Toronto 15.491,033 24.1
Winnipeg 4.6f>S,oflfi 69. G
Halifax 1.919,160 18.4
Vancouver, B. C... 1.195.708 19.6
Hamilton 1,056.453 27.2
St. John, N. B 838.587 7.7
Victoria, B. C 759.911 .... 8.4
tQuebec 1,650,135
Totals, Canada... $46,879,801 28.0
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
tNot included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— To-morrow Brad
street's will say:
Colder weather throughout the country has
stimulated retail trade in heavy clothing,
groceries, shoes and rubber goods, and this has
already been reflected in an Improved reorder
demand from Western and Southern jobbers.
Collections, too, are more satisfactory. Coun
try merchants are reported in good financial
shape and one result of this is found in the
better supply and easier tone of money. Hold
ing of cotton is reported from the South, this
being aided by the strength of the business
community generally. Higher prices have
been made for cereals. Bradstreet's figures
on world's visible supply favor the bears but
l'ttle; foreign cables are better and export de
mand has been Improved both for wheat and
corn, the strength of these being shared in
by flour, the production of which at Minne
apolis and other centers is very heavy, ana by
oats. The price situation is one of steadiness,
though some hesitation was shown during- Oc
tcber.
While nearly all industries are active, special
strength and activity have been displayed In
iron and steel.
The coal trade was in good condition pre
vious to the cold weather. It has lost none of
its strength since, and the only source of ccsrt
plaint is the small stocks in dealers' hands
and the trouble growing out of th» scarcity
of cars. Raw sugar is lower, in sympathy
with the continued bearish feeling here and
abroad, and refined Is three points lower all
around. Coffee is slightly higher on smaller
crop estimates.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 5,469,645 bushels, as against 6 672 SRS
bushels last week and 3,555,507 bushels in th?R
week last year. Wheat exports July 1 to
date (nineteen weeks) aggregate 112 198 918
bushels, as against 66,555,7:)7 bushels last sea
son.
Failures in the United States are 191 >> R
against 172 last week, 161 In this week a year
ago, 182 in 1899 and 181 in 1898.
Canadian failures number 35 as against 22
last week and last year, 23 in 1899 and 30 In
ISSfo.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW , YORK, Nov. B.— R. G. ¦ Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say, to-morrow: .
Little relief has been afforded the leading
manufacturing Industry In the matter of trans
porting facilities. In fact, the situation on the
whole is less satisfactory since inability to se
cure coke has brought about the banking of
some of the furnaces. This in turn tends to
harden the market for pigiron. As this in
dustry is considered the best business barom
eter, present conditions and future prospects
are certainly most encouraging.
In -woolens there is a free movement of
women's dress goods and orders are plentiful
in heavyweight lines for immediate delivery.
The season has reduced manufactured stocks
cf heavy wool goods and worsteds to a low
point and recent unprecedented buying of raw
material indicates that orders come forward
freely.
Leather is held «t the best prices of the
season and dry hides rose further on heavy
sales. Low temperature in grain-growing
States brought a higher level of quotations.
Wheat is moving out freely at coasts, ship
ments from the United States for the week
amounting to 5,651,727 bushels, against 3,210,164
bushels in the same week of 1900.
Coffee advanced despite the record-breaking
supply.
Failures for the week numbered 243 in the
United States against*2ol last week and 23 in
Canada aeainst 18 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
1
NEW YORK, Nov. FLOUR— Receipts, 25,/
| 846; exports, 8147. The market was s@loc higher
and- ruled strong with a fair demand. Winter
straights, $3 40@3 50. v. ''¦¦• v- »'
WHEAT— 99,650 bushels; spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 85% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80% c
I elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 81% c< . o. b.
; afloat; No. 1 hard,,Bo%c f. o. b. afloat.
j. .Options opened firm on ' good .» buying, but
. later- weakened under general realizing and
I larger Argentine shipments. Subsequently they
experienced a second sharp rise in export de
mand from the West, heavy local covering and
light offerings, but finally .: eased off slightly
and closed steady at unchanged prices. May,
81@81 l-16c, ¦ closed ' 81% c; ¦ December, 79y4@80Vic,
closed 79% c. . .
HOPS— Quiet. ' . .
WOOL— Quiet. ' -« :
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, -7%c;
mild, . steady; ; Cordova, . 7%@110. -:¦-¦¦ .'.
SUGAR— Raw, dull; fair refining, 3%c; centri
fugal,. 915 test. B%c; molasses sugar. Be. Re
fined dull. - t , ¦.. ..¦¦„
BUTTER— Receipts, ! 2950 packages. Strong;
dairy. 14@21c; creamery, 15(g>22%c; June cream
ery. 17%@21%c; factory. 12%@13c.
Receipts, 5499 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 24@25c; Western, candled, 21
@23c; Western, uncandled, 20@24c,
'-.; ¦'".-,, . DRIED FRUITS. #/ . ,
Evaporated . apples quiet. State, • common to
good, 6@Bc; prime, B@@B%c; choice, «c; fancy,
9%@9%c.
California dried fruits " quiet."
PRUNES— 3%@7c, .... :
I APRICOTS-Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, B®l2c.
PEACHES— unpeeled. 6@9%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— Profit-taking was popu
lar early in the wheat pit, as the result of
disappointing cabjps. December opened a shade
higher to a shade lower at 72%@72%c, and sold
rapidly down to 72% c. For a time the mar
ket took everything offered and then it was
suddenly discovered that the pit was oversold.
Bullish news began to arrive, tfhere was a
report of scanty rainfall for the late sown
crop and the flour situation was reported
strong with prices up 10c. This brought a
sudden bulge, frightened the shorts and De
cember reacted to 73%@73%c. Prices West wera
still strong, but otherwise most outside war
kets were weaker. Professionals seemed to
be controlling affairs and near the end of the
session when they were satisfied with profits
December sagged off again and closed steady,
a shade higher, at 72% c.
Corn was somewhat Irregular over a narrow
ranse, with a moderate downward tendency.
December corn closed weak, %c lower, at 59Vic.
Oats held well, considering the general liqui
dation. December closed hie lower at 38%@
38% c.
Provisions .were dull and steady. Pork closed
unchanged, lard 2%c up and ribs a shade
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ...
November ......'... .... .... .... 72%
December ...*....:.. 72% 73% ¦ 72H . 72%
May 76% 76Vi 75"& 76%
• Corn No. — . ¦ ,
November 58V4
December 60 ' 60 ". 59*4. 59%
May ................ 62% 62% 61% 61%
Oats No. 2— *'-
December ..........' 38% 38% 38^ 38%
May ; 40% 40% 40% . 40%
- ' Mess Pork per bbl— ¦
January .....14 90 14 95 14 90 14 92%
May 15 02% vls 12% 15 02% 15 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs— « !
November 8 45 8 47% 8 42% 8 47%
December ..8 50 8 52% -» 8 50 -. .. 8 52%
January ..8 52% 8 57% -8 50 855
May ....;.;........; 865 '8 70 865 -.8 70 .
i Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-*- ¦- ' -- - - •' . - ¦ ¦ '"- -¦ - - •'¦¦
January ............ 7 65 7 70 7 65 7 70
May ................. 7 77% 785 7 77% 7 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat, 68%@69%c; No. 2 red, 74@
74% c; No. 2 corn, yellow, 60Hc; No. 2 oats, 40»4
@40% c; No. 2 white. 42»4@43Hc; No. 3 white,
42c; No. 2 rye, 59c; fair to choice malting bar
ley, 56<g58c; No. 1 flax seed. $1 51; No. 1 North
western, $152@152%; prime timothy seed, ?5 90
@6; mess pork, per bbl, $13 85@13 90; lard, per
100 lbs, $800@552%; short-rib sides (loose), $7 80
@7 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7^c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 lO^ 20; whisky,
basis of hish wines, $1 31.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 183,000 189,000
Corn, bushels 96,000 125,000
Oats, bushels 175,000 124,000
Rye. bushels 14,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 62,000 12,000
• On the Produce Exchange the butter market
was firm; creamery, 14#22c; dairy, 13@19c.
Cheese, g^fglO^c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 21%@22c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 10 5 U%
Closing 5 9% 5 11%
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 2115 22 45
Closing 21 10 22 50
Flour-
Opening 26 85 28 35
Closing 26 85 28 35
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Tin was a shade stead
lgr to-day at New York, but not active, closing
steady in tone at $24 75@25. At London tin
lost all of its gain yesterday, declining £1 2s
Cd under liquidation, with spot at" £113 15s
and futures at £106 15s. Spelter was dull and
easy locally, closing at $4 30@4 35. but was
quiet and unchanged at London. Copper in
London was 2s 6d higher at £65 13s 9d for spot
and £64 15s for futures. Locally the market
was dull at $16 50@17 for lake and $16 37%@
16 62V4 for casting. Lead eased off 2s 6d to £11
Ss for spot ut London, while the local market
was dull and unchanged at $4 37V4. Domestic
iron markets were quiet. Pig iron warrants,
$9 50@10 50; * No. 1 northern foundry, $15@16;
No. 2 foundry, southern. $14@15: No. 1 foundry,
southern, $14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry, southern,
soft, $14 50(g>16. Glasgow iron warrants closed
at 55s lid and Mlddlesboro closed at 44s l%d.
New York Coffee Market.
¦ NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Coffee futures closed
steady, prices unchanged to 10 points higher;
total sales, 89,250 bags; December, $6 65@6 90;
January, $6 85@7; February, $7 05; March, $6 90
@7 15; May. $7 10®7 20: June, $7 40; July, $7 30
@7 45; September, $7<§)7 10.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Cotton futures closed
steady, prices 1 to 16 points higher.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— Porter Bos. ' Company
»old California fruit to-day: .¦ :."-.¦
i GRAPES— Clusters, »1 00@l 05. average ' $1 02:
Tokays. ABOA 80c 2 00, average $1 73; double crates,
$2 40@3 40, average $2 89. > ' Muscats, $1 00@l 25,
average $103; double crates, $1 75@1 85, average
$180. ... Corn'chons, $1 40@l 50. average .$1 43
double ,- crates ' '»1 95@2 55, average $2 19; assort
ed, $1 30. Quinces, $160. Eight cars sold to-
Sitfornla ?' - 8 -— Porter Bos. Company sold
California fruit to-day:. .
? GRAPES— Concords, 85@95c,' average 87c; clus
ters, . 9oc v Tokays, 90c@$l 45, average SI 24
d"ble crates, |i 75@3 10, - average $2 76. "¦ S5
.fmfcw'n- 0001 average 05: double crates,
ntrh?« ii a«lea «l er l ge " $200: * assorted. ; $1 70. , Cor
nichons, $1 90. Four cars sold to-day; weather
a; Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. . ¦'
> CHICAGO, Nov. B.— CATTLE— 2500.
Slow, , steady. Good ;to : prime, • $6@6 85; poor -to
medium, $3 60@5 90; stackers , and feeders. $2@
4 25; cows and 'heifers, $1 25@5; canners, .$1 25@
st 2 £r? U^ n w @450; ; calves,, $2 50@6 25; Texas
S?3v J 3m '• «stern ; steers, is 3 65@4 65.
™ GS - Receipts to-day, 27,000; ¦ to-morrow.
24.000 estimated: left over, 3000. * Strong; i mixed
«- n !L£ U « "• -P 60 @ 6 : sood -to choice - heavy*
*°fiO h,,^t ; ? UR V heavy. $5 35@5 65; light, $5 35®
5 -«>: T bulk of sales $5 60 5 80.- 5 •:, > vj " :i?:
SHEEP-Recelpts, ¦ 12,000. - Good to :.. choice
wethers, $3 50@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 90
@3 40; Western sheep, $3@3 60; native lambs,
$2 50@4.50; Western lambs. $3@4 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. B.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. ISCO. Slow, weaker; cows and heifers,
$1 23@3 10; veals, $31j3 45.
HOGS— Receipts, 9200. Market weak. Closed
stronger. Medium and heavy. $5 72%®8; pigs,
$4 25@5 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1700. Steady to 10c higher.
Top lambs, $4 95. _ f§
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. B.— Clearings, $509,-
K6B; balances, $72,686.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. B.— WHEAT— WaIIa Walla.
57c; blue stem, 57%<gSSc; valley, 57@57%c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 8.-WHEAT-One cent high
er. Blue stem, 5Sc; club, 57c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. B.— Consols. 91 13-16; silver,
26% d; French rentes, lOOf 63c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 28s 10% d; cargoes Waila Walla.
28 S 3d; English country markets quiet and
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 8. -Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 5s lld@ss ll%d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
11 Ensland ' flne -
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The last steamer from Japan brought $650,00#
in Japanese yens for the United States Mint
in this city. These coins will be converted into
American money.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 SBV
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 Q 47ft
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign rffarkets were firm and
Liverpool and Paris futures were higher.
Private wires from Chicago to local brokers
reported a strong and buoyant market there
at a slight advance. Telegrams to M. Blum
& Co. said that prominent houses were buy
ing, and that offerings were well absorbed,
but that the disposition to realize by
scalping bull checked the advance. The
tone, however, was firm and speculation
was fairly active, and there was more doing
in wheat than in the coarser grains. The crowd
was short. The Modern Miller was very bull
ish on dry weather and the large feeding of
wheat to live stock. Paris was a free buyer
at New York. The Southwestern farmers of
fered very sparingly.
Wires to Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. called at
tention to the appearance of Mexfto as a buyer
in the American market, owing to the light
corn^ crop down there and to the removal of
the import duty on wheat, and said that Mex
ico would probably take a good deal of wheat
from this country- A Chicago house has sold
300,000 bushels to Mexico during the past two
days, the grain to be shipped from San An
tonjo, Texas. There was aiso a similar quan
tity sold from other Southewstern points. In
terior Argentine conditions were reported im
proved.
This market was higher, both on call and in
the shipping market, and the feeling was
strong all around.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling, «$1 O2',i@
1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December, 2000 ctls,
$1 01; Ma*— 4ooo, $1 05%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 0574;
2000, $1 05%; December— Booo, $1 01; 14,000. $1 01 h*:
12.000. $1 01V4-
BARLEY — The market is variously quoted
firm or weak by the different dealers. There i 3
not much doing.
Feed, 76V*c for choice bright, 72%@73c for No.
1 and 70<@71Hc for off grades; brewing aud
shipping grades, 77%@82Vic; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The market is reported dull, and of
ferings, as far as the number of samples on
the Produce Exchange is concerned, are larger
than at any previous time this season. Prices
remain without change.
Gray*, $1 10@l 22Vi ; whites, $1 15@1 274; Sur
prise, $1 30S1 32H; black, $I@l 20, and red.
$1 05@l 17>£ per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed.
CORN— The Western markets continue very
firm, and cash Corn is scarce everywhere.
Farmers throughout the West are feeding larg-e
quantities of Wheat to their livestock, owing
to the high price of Corn.
This market is dull and unchanged, with
buyers holding oft for lower prices.
Large yellow Is quoted at $1 2<HQI 25; smalL
round yellow, »125@130; white, $140; Easters?
Corn, nominal.
RYE— 72 1 £(&76%c. Offerings are ample.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fo.
lows, usual discount to the trade: Granani
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, %2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4: Oat Groats, $5: Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, »i; Split Peas,
$5; Green JPeas, $6 50 per 100 pounds*.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
All feedstufts are quoted weak by dealers,
who look for still lower quotations from now
on.
Hay is fairly steady under more moderate re
ceipts, and prices show no change.
BRAN— sl7@lß per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; jobbing $28 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20® 21; Corn Meal' $31 50
032; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed $17
@18.
HAY— Wheat. $9@1150: fancy. $12; Wheat
and Oat, $8@11; Oat, $8@10; Barley and Oat
$7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10; Clover, $5 Eo@7; Volun
teer. $s@B; Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O<Q>4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Pink Beans continue weak, with a declining
tendency, but the other kinds are steady. Re
ceipts continue large, those yesterday being
13,751 sacks.
Flaxseed is coming: In freely from Washing
ton, as will be seen elsewhere.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30@2 50; Small White, $3@
3 25; Large White, $2 50@2 75; Pea, $3@3 50;
Pink, $1 9INH>2 15; Red. $2 75@3; Blackeye, W 45(g)
8 60; Llmas, $4 60@4 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50@4
per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax. $2 65@3 26; Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, BHc;
Rape, li4@l%c; Hemp, 3Hc per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Although receipts of Potatoes were 9191 sacks
the market for choice goods was firm, and
Salinas an 4 Oregon Burbanks were higher.
Three cars of Merced Sweets came in. There
was no change in Onions.
Green Peas appeared from Los Angreles, sell
ing at 6c per pound. Otherwise there was lit
tle new In Vesetables.
POTATOES— SO@7Sc for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, Jl 25@1 50; Oregon
Burtanks, II 20@l 35; River Reds, $1 25<@1 40;
Sweets, 40@50c for Rivers and 70@80c for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— SI 25@1 50 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
So@7sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans, 2%@5c; Llmas, 2%<^3%c;,
Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Ala
meda, 25(g00c; Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Green
Okra. 50<g€5c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers, 50c; Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for
small and l@l%c for large; Garlic. 1%@2%c;
Green Peppers, 40@50c per box for Chile and 40
@Goc for Bell; Egg Plant, 40@50c per box; Sum
mer Squash, 90c@$l 25: Marrowfat Squash, $64/8
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10@15.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry was easy, owing to the liberal re
ceipts from the East during- the week, but
prices did not change much. Arrivals of
dressed Turkeys were 25 cases.
Arrivals of Game were 70 sacks, selling: at
previous prices.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16®lSc; Live
Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25®1 50; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, *4@4 50; young Roosters, $3 50<g'4;
ltd Roosters, J3 50@4; Fryers, Jo 25<53 75; Broll
en, $3 50@4 for large and $3@3 25 for smalt:
Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. 11: Hare, $1 2o;
Rabbits $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3 5C@4 50; Canvasback, $395; Sprig.
$2 50113; Teal. $1 50@l 75; Widgeon, $150<g)lT5;
Small Ducks, $1 50; Black Jacks, $1 50#l 75:
English Snipe, $2: Jack Snipe. $1 25; Gray
Geese, $3 50; White Geese. Hi Brant, $I@l 50
per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The tendency in Butter is toward lower
prices, as there Is altogether too much on the
market. Dealers have been making conces
sions to buyers for several days.
Previous prices are quoted ror Cheese, and
there Is no lack of supplies.
Eggs are now cleaning up very well, and
prices continue to improve, as will be seen.
The advance applies to the lower as well aa
the higher grades.
Receipts were 21.300 pounds of Butter •
pounds of Eastern Butter, 533 cases of Egg I *.
22 cases of Eastern Eggs, 35,300 pounds of
California Cheese and 23.95S pounds of Eastern
Cheese. _ ,
BUTTER— Creamery. 27«25c per lb tor
fancy and 24@26c for seconds; dairy. 18@-4c;
store Butter. 15@17c per lb: Creamery Tuo.
21@22Hc; Pickled Roll, 13,519 c; Keg. ISi&IJc
P< CHEESE— N»w. 11%®12c: Old. 10% c: Youns
America, 12%#13c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 4C®42c for selected large. 3,- /2
@39c for good to chalce, and 35@3Gc for fair;
store, 25®30c per dozen; cold storage, aß#»e;
Eastern, 19@25c, with extra white at 2i',2C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market continued dull and uninteresting.
Grapes were in light receipts, but there was no
shipping demand and the local inquiry was cot
brisk enough to absorb all offerings, hence
more or less stock was carried over. Good
Muscats alone were scarce and sold oft readily.
Orangres were weak. The arrivals of n-:w
crop are green yet and therefore undesirable,
and old goods are somewhat lower. Lemons
and Limes are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra. 50085 c
for good to choice and 25@50c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— 63c@SI per box
PEARS— Winter Nellls, $I@l 25 per box; com
mon, 50@75c.
QUINCES— 2S®EOc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75@SK)c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— I6S9 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— SS@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S4<©S per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cap# Cod, $11 per barrel;
Coos Bay. $2 50 per box.
FlGS— Black, 50(3650 for single and 73c©$l for
double layer boxes.
GRAPES— Verdels, 50@65c per box and crate;
Tokay, 30@75c; Isabellas, $1; Muscat, 50i@85c;
Black, 30<S65c; Cornlchons, 60@75c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, 73c@$2 for com
mon, $2 50@3 for good to choice and $3 50 for
fancy; new Navels, $2 50@3 50; Seedlings, $1 25
@2 50; Tangerines. $1 50@r73; Lemons, 90c@$l 50
for common and $2@U 75 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 SO'S'S 50; Mexican Limes, $4@
4 50; Bananas. $1 75ffi3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3<34
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins. '.
There is a good demand for Apples, owing
to the short crop in the United States, and quo
tations are firm. Other fruits remain dull at
unchanged prices.
• FRUITS— 7@BHc for Royals and 8©
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, s^@7Uc; sun-dried, Z\£<@i\ac;
Peaches. s@7^ic; Pears, 4@Bc: Plums, pitted. 3%
@sc; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines. s<Ss'<4c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3>^c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are auoted as follows:
30-40' SV*<Qh\2c: 40-50' 4%*@sc: 50-60' s, 4~&9
4V4c; 60-70*8. 3%@4c: 70-80's. 3"4@3%c; 80-90*s, 2%
@3c; 90-100' s, 2Si@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown.
$1 20; two-crown. $1 10-. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4^c; Two-crown. 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4V 4 c; Seedless Sultanas, 5Hc; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, B ,ic:
choice, 7^c; standard, 6 Vic; prime, s Vic; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7V4c; prime, 6^c. . - Fancy seeded. 6V 4 c;
choice seeded, 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@12»4c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9">4c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 13@14 for papershell. 10@llc
for softshell and s@6c for hardsheH; Pea
nuts, s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuta
$3 50@5. . . " . .
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 100
l\4c for light amber; water white extracted,
s@6c; light amber extracted, 4S5c; dark 4c.
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
Local dealers continue to quote & dull and
weak market, though prices show no further
decline. Chicago has been firmer for a day or
two, but the demand there Is still light, and
the Armours are selling Lard freely
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy
12^0 for light medium, 13»^c for light'
1414 c fo-- extra light and 15c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13% c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef
14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at Sc per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure
l%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, llvic; 3-lb tins'
12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c; three
half-barrels, 10% c; one tierce, lOftc; two tierces
10c; five tierces, 9^c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, U@ll%c; medium, 10@10^c; light, 9^jc;
Cow Hides, 10c for heavy and 9^30 for light;
Stags, 7<37 1«c;1 «c; Salted Kip, DU.^iOc; Salted Veal
10c; Salted Calf, lO^c; Dry Hides, 16@16V;
Culls, He; Dry Kip, 14@i:.c; Dry Calf, 18@19c;
Culls and Brands, 15@lSc; sheepskins, shear
lings. 15@30c each: short Wool. 4C560c each; me
dium, 50@75c; long Wool, 89c@$l 10 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 BOQI 7b for large and $2®2 25 for
medium. $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for
medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined, 6V«c; No. 1 rendered, 5@
5%c per lb; No. 2, 4@4 l~c;l ~c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@Bc; Oregon Valley fine. 131P
15c; do. medium and coarse. ll@13c: Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9®
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@BV4c; San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7H@9c; Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, 3@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9®loc for fair and ll@l3c per lb for
goad to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The situation shows no further change. .The
market Is quiet and well supplied, especially
with Hogs, which axe weak. i-W^Vi
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
. BEEF— 6<36%c for ' Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows. • '
VEAL— Large. 7@Bc: small. S®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewea, 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@Bc per lb. ; •
. PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
under 150 lbs, s%@s%c;.sows. 20 per cent off
boars 30 per cent off and stags. '40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hok3
7%@8%c. S '
1
General Merchandise.
• GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: local
make, %c less "than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 717 1 , l igSc: Fruit Bags, 5%$
«%c for cotton and'7@7%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative
Wallsend. $9; Cumberland. $12. In bulk and $13 »3
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $13-
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three deliveries of coal from
Washington, 11,618 tons; two from Oregon SCO
tons; four from British Columbia, 15,580 tons
total, 27,998 tons. The deliveries this week are
less than one-half the quantity received last
week, still there is ample on hand to suddlv
all pressing wants. A few cargoes of fuel
suitable for domestic purposes .would come to
a profitable market, as the accidents to the
British Columbia collieries have created an
opening for the sale of such coal Beside*
this Is the season of the year when the sale
for grades suitable for stove and grate assure
is almost double. Fuel oil is gradually absorb
ing the steam trade of San Francisco Th««
is little coal being delivered in shore for steam
producing: all the coal that is utilized for
steam is. delivered off shore in lighters banrei
etc., for steamer and transport uses! WhTri
steamers shall commence to adopt oil as thai,
Tuel, the sale for coal will become very little
for other than domestic purposes An«tn>ii.U
and English freight rates on c^l remain 3 ™adv
with a tendency upward." steady
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at MS 321
bags, acalnst 164.044 during the same time la^t
year. . The sales from first hands were 203 319
bags, against 147,251 The stock in first hands
November 1 was 27.294 bags, against l"^ *Th*
world visible supply November 1 was 10 TM
.bags, against 7.802.016 last year. The circuit
says: r uldr
"A very large business has been transacted
during the past month— principally for over
land shipment. All markets show quite an ad"
I vance over quotations given in last issue cause*
\ by advices of serious damage to growing Bra—'*
. zilian crops by drought. During the past week. -
I however, the market has receded somewhat, -
1 showing a decline of %c on No. 7 Rio and %c
! on No. 4 Santos from highest quotations.
At present writing trading with all markets
! Is very quiet, buyers preferring to await fur
1 ther developments before increasing their pres
ent large stocks.
To-day's first hand stock consists of 3C04 bags
Costa Rica. 158 Nicaragua. 443fi Salvador. 17.195
j Guatemala. 76 Mexican and 2SC6 bags of other
kinds; in all 28.273 bags as against 13,072 bag*
same time last year. " ?
. We quote market fairly active and about
steady as follows:
Costa Rica— l3»-i^Cl4c for strictly prime to
fancy washed; ll@l2'/ic for prime washed: 9V t
@9%c for good washed: 9%@12%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9«J9%c for fair to prima
peaberry; 8V«.i69%c for good to prime; 7%^s>,2c
for fair: TiMwijt for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 1. *4(@12%c for strictly prime
washed; 9®llc for good to prime washed; 3ias%c
for fair washed; 10©ll l ' 3 c for good to [.rim*
I washed peaberry: S'.it?9c for good to prime
' semi-washed: B%@9c »f or superior unwashed:
SgS'-ic for good green unwashed; B%^oc for
! good to superior unwashed peaberry; sV4tjf6',ic,
I for common to ordinary.
I Nicaragua— ll@l3c for prime to fancy washed:
18'/i<gloc for fair to strictly good washed: 71/jt>7 l / jt>
B%c for good to superior unwashed; S'.^Ocfor
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — HVi@l4c for prime
!to fancy washed: " OiSlOc for " strictly good
i washed; B*^®9c for good washed; 7*4@S'4c for
I fair washed: 6%(??7%c for medium; 5"4@6%c for
1 inferior to ordinary; 9<310%e tor good to prlma
j washed peaberry: B®ilc for good to prime un
! washed peaberry; 7%@S 1 4c for good to superior
1 unwashed. . . _ .
. OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
74c: raw. 72c; cases. 5c more: .Lucol. 64c for
1 boiled and S2c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, Sic; cases, 90c;
• China Nut, 65®72c per. gallon; pure Neatafoct,
In Barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c;
! Whale Oil, natural white. 40<345c per gallon;
' Fish Oil, barrels. 37Vic; cases. 42% c; Cocoanut
i Oil. barrels. 63% c for Ceylon and JBljc for Aus
\ tralian., '.•:*.:..-.
\ COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13% c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c: Star.
20c: Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 25c: Eocene, 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c: in
cases, 21% c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; la cases.
26% c. ¦ - • •.-..'•
TURPENTINE— per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
| pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
I . Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90 c: Pow
j dered. 4.75 c; Candy Granulated. 4.75 c; Dry
I Granulated. 4.65 c; Confectioners' A 4.65 c: Fruit
Granulated, 4.65 c; Beet Granulated, (100-lh bag*
only), 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.25 c; Extra C. 4.15 -
Golden C, 4.05e; D, 3.35 c: barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-ll>
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels cr its equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels, ¦ 5.15 c: boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1
Flour, qr sks 8.762 Wool, sks jnf
Wheat, ctls 77. S3" Efme. bbls
Barley, ctls I.96o' Leatner, rolls ...
Oa-3, ctls -820 Wine, gals
Coin, otls 440 Brandy, gals ..
Tallow, ctls 206 Paper, rma
Sugar, ctls ] rons 450
Beans, ska r flska 6S
Potatoes, sks .... 8,375 Raisins, bx's «no 1
Onions, sks bdls ]«a
Bran, sks ISS Hides, No M
Middlings, sks...
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks S.2M Flaxaeed, ctls ... 2520
Oats, ctls ! 53Ci
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are scarcer and dearer, but Butter la In
increasing- supply and declining in the whole
sale markets, though retail prices nave not
yet been affected.
Meats of all kinds remain as before an.i
Poultry and Game also show no changes
worthy of note. The latter continues high.
The summer fruits and vegetables ' continue
to dwindle and will soon be gone. Some of
them are already out and the remainder are
getting scarce.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $— — @13 00 Southfleld •- "¦•'
Wellington „ ©11 00 Wellington % #11 00
Seattle 0 8 50 Coos Bay <a TOO
Dairy Produce, etc. — v
Butter, choice, sq.So@6o, Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 45'«. r i' : dozen . ' 40350
Packed, per 1b....25@— Eastern Eggs ,-©3O
Cheese, Cal 15(917 Hoi.ey Comb, ner*
Cheese, Eastern... 17@2u pound 15«2O
Cheese. Swiss 20<9:!-. Do, extracted B#U)
Common Eggs 30@3S r
Meats, per pound — t .
Bacon ....15@20 Round Steak 10«—
Beef, choice 12@1."> Sirloin Steak 12«—
Do. good ....... lu@— Tenderloin d 0... 15#—
Corned Beef 10®— Porterhouse do..K'4fi!' > 0
.Ham ...—....„... .17@1S Smoked Beef " ; .30.®—
Lard :....:.— @ls Pork, salt :...^io©i2ti
Mutton B<§lo Pork Chops ....^-»15
Lamb W«l2jPork Sausages.. 12\iffli-,
Pork, fresh 15@— ,Veal 12'S) —
Poultry and Game—
Hens, each 50@T3! Rabbits, each . 15*920
Young Roosters. Hare, each " --XSL
each English Snipe, " per
Cld Roosters, ea..40«.->0 dozen $3 50® L
fryers, each 50@60 Jack Snipe... 75<g>__
3roilers each —©50 Mallard, pair.sl 25<aiiJ>
Turkeys; per ib. . . 15'u -*2 Sprig, pr palr.7sc@sl 00
Ducks, each 50^75 Teal, per pair 50<560
3eese, each...sl oo@l 75 Widgeon, pr pair.£ofcr6O
Pigeons, pair 40050 Smr.ll Duck. palr.4o<a3O
squabs, per pair.. — @60jWIld Geese. pr.7sc@»l no
Doves, per doz.. — 25 Brant, each 25*938
Fruits and Nuts—
Alligator Pears, Limes, doz . <ai(>
each 35J>50 Logan Berries, per
Almonds lo@2o drawer <m
Apples ?£5 Lemons, do* JmE)
Bananas, do» ....lo@2o Pears, lb .. . "iSSu.
31ackberrtes, dwr. 40^50 Pineapples. eacn.^Kißj 
Cranberries, qt....— @10 Pomegranates, dz. 40(350
Cocoanuts, each...— ig>l>) Persimmons do» —©20
Chestnuts, per lb.lo/320 Quiftces. per lb * 3-3 ?
Figs, per 1b... 10@15 Raisins, per lb '* MB
drapes, per lb 6© S Raspberries, dwr.4oiaaO
Grape Fruit, doz. ..$1 50 , Strawberries, oer'^^
Huckleberries, | drawer 30iSftQ
per 1b..........10@12% , Walnuts, per li'.'.'.V&U
Vegetables—*
Artichokes," d0z... 40®80 Leeks, doz bchs."l&a < >a
Beets, doz 10@— Okra, green, lb. .8<912'4
Beans, white, lb.. 6®— Green Peppers lb 5-* 5
Colored, per lb.. sfg>— Potatoes, per lb.. 2&2U
Dried Lima. lb.. 6@ 8 Sweet Potatoes, lb 23 ?
Green Lima. lb. 619 8 Parsnips, ¦pr doz..io<a—
Cranberry Beans.. 6@ — Radishes, dx bchs.lSa'O
Cabbage, each s@— Sage, doz bnchs..2s<33o
Celery, heaC s©— String Beans, lb.. S&i
Cress, doz bnchs. Summer Squash,*
Cucumbers, d0z...15@20 per pound ... .' 4<9 h
Egg Plant, lb 4# 4 Sprouts. per 1b.... tot
Garlic 4@ 6 Spinach, per 1b... s;j»—
Green Peas. It 6® 8! Thyme, doa bchs.26'9J»
Lettuce. Der doz.. 15<S20| Turnips, per doz.,lo#—
Mushrooms, pr 1b.30@4d 1 Tomatoes, per lb 4«1 • •
Onions, per 1b.... Wo,
Fish— . . ... •¦-• .-
Carp — # S Sea Bass tnt»-
Catfish 10@- Smelts mS M
Codfish 12@15 Soles " aaio
Flounders B@lo Skates, each ." 86 10
Halibut ...™...12%@15 Squid .....;._#-
Herrins —9—9 — Tomcod 12% 313
Mackerel ..:.......15«(- Turbot .t!ls<a2s
Do. horse 10<^— ; Trout :..; 20@25
Perch B@lO Brook Tr0ut...... — I TO
Pompino ..,..40@50 Whiteflsh ios—
Rockcod mi-Qla Clams, gallon 30®—
Rockfiah 10@12^ Do, hardshell. ID 89 10
Salmon, fresh.. .l2^<ms Crawfish .... B#lo
Do, smoked IS®25 Crabs, each ....]zt4<»l*>
Sardines 10@— Mussels, quart....^9 «
Shrimps — me Oysters. Cal. 100..4M60
Shad inrai— , Do. Eastern, dz.25^49
Striped Bass 12"ii@lS
STOCK MARKET.
The announcement of the final close of th«
Market Street Railroad deal advanced the stock
from $89 25 to $92 on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, with quite a transfer if
stock. Paauhau Sugar was also active at
$13 50 and *13 37% for seller 90. Vigorit Powder
sold up to $5. with sales of 1450 shares. Alaska
Packers' sold up to $15.) and Spring Valley
Water to $83©89 25. The weak stocks were
Gag and Electric, which declined to $44, and
Giant Powder, which was slightly lower at
$85. • Business was brisk on this session.
The oil stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. - .
There " was nothing new in the afternoon,
quotations remaining about on the morning's
level. -.SgSS
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Nov. B—2 p. m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
43 quar coup.. — — 43 qr c (new). 139 133%
43 quar re«.... - — 3s quar coup.. 10S —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS"
Bay CP C is. 107 - Oceanic SS ss. — _
Cal-st 5s ......ll'H— Omnibus CSs 12914 — .
C C Water 35.U1%112% Pac G Imp 434 3 — 9S«
Ed L & W 6s. — — Pk v C H 6s. — 113-Z
Fer &CI H 63. — 122 Pk &OR Us. 121 —
Geary-st 5r.... — ICO Powlt-st r6s - — ;
HC & S 5%5. —¦ — Sac X a H ss. 94*j100
,Do 5a........ 99% - SF & SJV 35.122% - '
Los Ang R. 59.117% — Sierra Cal '89 . — -
L A Light 101 Vi — 9P of Ariz Hs
Do gn til 65.. 100 - IN») H3it _
Do gntd 55.. 102 103 <laio) .. 11414 _
LA & P 55.. .102% - S I' of Cal * 9
Do 1 c m 53.101 103 (1905). er A 107% —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%12574 (1305). er B 108*. —
Do 1 c m u5. 122% — (1006) ........IK>% —
NR of Cal 6s. - 112% (1912) imi-
Do 5s ... 121% - SP ot O»| Ist ="•
Nor Pac C 59.106--!ilO7X c gntd 1....109 —
Nor Cal R as. 112% - 9PRr Cal 6s. 134% -
Oak Si 3 s ••;!:,¦. - S V Water 65.111%112
Oak Tran Us .121  — Do 4a 103 HCU
-J? 0 , 1 ,? 1 . 0 5 ?" - 112 « U» *». 3d m..102%103tJ
Oak Wat g ss. 104 — Stktn Gas 65.. — 103 J
Continued on Page Fiftesa.VIANDS TEN STRIPED BASS IN HOUR
AND A HALF AND BREAKS RECORD
Thomas E. Archer, One of Oakland's Prominent- Amateur
Fishermen, Runs Into School of Game Beauties in Lake
Merritt Near Flood Gates and Makes Phenomenal Catch
OAKLAND. Nov. S.— Thomas E.
Archer, a well-known insurance
man and prominent among ama
teur fishermen of this city, made
a record-breaking catch of striped
f at Lake Merritt. In an hour
and a half, with ordinary rod and reel,
the lucky sportsman landed ten of the
game beauties, seven of which averaged
INTERNATIONAL
COURT OF CLAIMS
Project Is Presented at
I the Pan- American
Congress.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. S.-The Pan-
American Congress at its session this
morr.ing decided, at the suggestion of
freeident Riagosa, to adjourn lor a fort
ln order, as be cam, to allow the
committees time to consider the projects
tubn-itted to tnem.
A cablegram of felicitation was ordered
sent to Santos-Dumont, and a cablegram
of thanks for good wishes was sent to thi
Spanish Parliament.
Th<? project of the treaty for an inter
national <ourt of claims was presented
by the Mexican delegates.
In an introductory speech Francisco L
de la Barra, delegate of Mexico and
author of the project, said that it was
largely based on the Olney-Pauucefote
treaty of Janus ry 12, 1897, with modifica
tions suggested by the objections which
were made to the same treaty in the
United States Senate and which caused
that body to reject it.
Th<! proposed convention provides that
the parties thereto will bind themselves
to submit to an international court a.l
clainr.e proceeding from pecuniary losse<
end damages occasioned to any state or
: tizens on account of acts or commis
sions of another state or any of its citi
zens, provided that such claims cannot
be arranged diplomatically.
The obligation bo to submit claims com
mencs af= soon as it if demanded by any
tw contracting governments.
How the Court Will Be Formed.
The court of claims will be constituted
at ftjllows: Each contending government
shall appoint one arbitrator, who mu6t
be a :eput<-. not a native of the
inting him. and the two arbi
trator together shall elect a third one,
who -vill preside. If the two arbitrators
pree to the appointment of a
third . ask the Chief Justice of
- ipreme Court of any of the American
to designate a third arbitrator,
not be a native of any of the
• :ed in the controversy.
\e states requesting the arbi
n be mort than two each shall ap
arbitrator and the arbitrator
Pears'
is not only the best soap
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
Vthe inventor of shaving-
stick soap.
Established over too years.
OAKLAND SPORTSMAN AND HIS BIG STRING OF STRIPED BASS THAT
HE CAUGHT IN AN HOUR AND A HALF NEAR THE FLOOD GATES OF
LAKE MERRITT, THE CATCH BREAKING THE RECORD.
more than fifteen pounds each. Archer is
much elated over his success, for it is
quite unprecedented in the annals of bay
fishing. He declares that in all of his ex
perience he never saw the equal of. the
magnificent string of striped bass that
were exposed to-day to the admiring gaze
of many devotees of the piscatorial sport.
It was also the first time on record tnat
such a quantity of this species was found
in the lake. That sheet of water uas
never been noted as a fishing ground, al
though occasionally a small bass two,
three or four pounds in weight, would be
hauled in by patient anglers. Mr. Archer
was attracted to Lake Merritt in his
search for good fishing ground by seeing
a small striped bass that was caught in
the lake yesterday. Realizing what good
sport a run of the fish would make, he
started out this morning to try hi-: for
tune.
Locating near the Twelfth-street dam
floodgates, he cast his line and awaited
with pole in hand for results. The first
bass Archer landed after a hard fight
was thirty-five inches long and weighed
seventeen pounds. This monster battled
with his captor gamely and merrily
enough to satisfy any fisherman. Three
times the hooked fish reeled out a hun
dred yards of line, and when it finally quit
the battle Archer had to gaff his prize to
thus appointed will secure the appoint- |
ment of the presiding officer in tne same
manner as above indicated. The presid
ing arbitrator will have the casting of a
vote in case of a tie.
Sentence must be rendered within three
months from the date on which the case
is closed. If the sentence is unanimous
it will be final, save that within two
months its revision by the same court
may be demanded in case its publication
gives rise to doubts of various interpre
tations; or in case it fails to decide any of
the points at issue the court will decide
the case anew and definitely within one
month of the date of the application for
a revision.
Losing Party May Appeal.
If the original sentence was rendered by
a majority of the voters only the losing
party may appeal to an international
court composed of five members, of whom
two will be selected by the heads of the
contending states, four of those thus
elected appointing a fifth or proceeding as
above indicated in case of railure to come
to an agreement as to the fifth. But, if
in case of a non-unanimous sentence, no
appeal is taken within three months, the
sentence shall become irrevocable. In
case an appeal is taken the case shall be
considered and decided irrevocably by the
court of appeal, constituted as above,
within such a period of time as it may
fix. Both the court of claims and the I
court of appeals may order the payment
of court expenses by either of the con
tending parties, otherwise the parties
must share the court expenses equally.
Each of the contending parties shall pay j
its private expenses. The high contract- I
ing parties in the treaty obligate them
selves in good faith to comply with the
stipulations of the treaty, but If any state
fails bo to comply other states may sub- |
scribe to collective Kotes of censure whicn
shall become public and official, provided
it is subscribed by at least three of the
contracting states.
The treaty is to remain in force five
years, counted from the date on which
the exchange of ratifications by at least
three of the states 6hall take place. Any
state may withdraw from the convention
one year after giving notice to that effect.
The Mexican delegation at this morn
ing's session of the conference presented
a project on international sanitary regu
lations based on the most recent scientific
discoveries.
The Brazilian delegation presented a
project of a treaty whereby arbitration
is proclaimed not as obligatory but as o
regular means of settling international
controversies among the republics of
America.
MAD DOG GIVES POLICE
SERGEANT A HARD CHASE
Demoralizes a Millinery and a Cigar
Store and Is Killed in a Pri
vate Residence.
A mad dof? on Montgomery avenue, near
Green street, gave Sergeant Christensen
and Police Officer Robert Silvey a bad
half hour last night. The dog was In
front of the drug store, at 509 Montgomery
avenue, and was acting queerly. Ser
geant Christensen threw a rope oveT the
dog, but it got away.
The animal darted into the adjoining
cigar store, overturned boxes of cigars
and a nickel in the slot machine and got
out again before Christensen and Silvey
could get hold of him. His next place
was the millinery store of Mrs. Wittman
at 523 Montgomery avenue, where he
wrecked a number of opera bonnets.
From there he went into an adjoining ilat
and hid under the bed.
In an endeavor to get out of the last
place of refuge the dop got tangled up
in a chair, and was unable to extricate
himself. Christens=en ended his existence
with a shot from his pistoL
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
get it ashore.
Three others, each measuring twenty
eight inches, one thirty-three inches and
one thirty-one inches, were captured, to
gether with three that ran the usual mar
ket size of four or five pounds.
After presenting two of the largest bass
to friends. Archer had his string photo
graphed.
"Fishing is my hobby," eaid Mr. Archer
this afternoon at his offices in the Cen
tral Bank block, "and I indulge it to the
limit. I have fished in lakes, rivers, bays
and ocean, but never ran across such a
find as this one. It will make some of
the San Francisco fishermen stare when
they hear of seventeen pound striped bass.
One might travel the boundaries of the
bay and never strike such a catch as this
one. The striped bass, as sportsmen all
know, furnishes peculiarly good sport, and
to land these big fellows was a job that
any lover of rod and reel will appreciate.
'I have caught striped bass off Angel
Island in Raccoon Straits that ran to
fair size, but nothing ever approached
this bunch. How to account for this run
in Lake Merritt I do not know, except
that these big fellows must have been
attracted by a school of young smelt,
which probably worked In with the tide "'
Archer was besieged all day with in
quiries from fishermen who heard of the
extraordinary catch.
CLUBMAN FAILS
TO PAY ALIMONY
¦ ¦ ¦ ?
Otto A. Bernard Refuses
to Support His Minor
Child.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 8.
Woefully in arrears is Otto A. Bernard,
a San Francisco society and club man,
who was ordered to pay his divorced wife,
Lilly M. Bernard, $25 every three months
for the support of their minor child, and
Judge Ellsworth has cited him to appear
in court Friday, November 22, to show
cause why it is that he owes $250 on the
alimony account.
According to an affidavit filed by Mrs
Bernard to-day she was divorced from her
husband in October. 1897, when it was de
creed by an Alameda County Judge that
he should pay her $25 quarterly for their
child's support. Bernard kept up the pay
ments, it is alleged, only until April 5
1899, since Which time he has absolutely
refused to contribute any more money.
Now the delinquencies amount to $250 ana
the wife wants to know why she cannot
get an allotment from her late husband.
Bernard was before the court a year ago
for neglecting- to satisfy the demands of
his wife. He appeared in court dressed
as becomes a society gentleman and
calmly told the court that he hadn't any
money— that his present wife who is
worth $100,000, gave him pin money now
and then and paid his dues in the Bohe
mian Club, but it wasn't enough to pay
alimony with. The court scored him for
failing to support his own child.
Goff Is President Again.
At last night's meeting of the Labor
Council Walter H. Goff, who was forced
to withdraw as a delegate from the Labor
Council by a ruling of the Building Trades
Council, but who was reinstated, was
elected to his former position as presi
dent. As soon as Goff entered the hall
President Michael Casey tendered his
resignation as a compliment to the for
mer presiding officer, who was elected by
acclamation, receiving a rousing cheer as
he took his seat. The reinstating of Goff
with other delegates who were compelled
to withdraw under a similar ruling, is a
direct slap at P. H. McCarthy and his
Building Trades Council, who are accused
as being the direct cause of all that
trouble. This, and a declination, of some
carpenters to quit work at the behest of
the walking delegate of the Building
Trades Council yesterday, is not intended
to smooth over some of the rough ridges
left by the late election. The council de
clared a boycott against the football game
between Berkeley and Stanford, which
comes off this afternoon at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets. Similar action was taken
against Meese, Gottfried & Co., the Reli
ance Machine Works and the Risdon Iron
Works. The boycott was raised from the
Compressed Air Machine establishment
because it complied with union rules.
The wise man wh* knows more than his
wife is? unwise if he tries to conceal his
knowledge from her.
NATION'S HEAD
TO VISIT WEST
Chief Executive Informs
Dr. Wheeler of His
Intentions.
University President Denies
Story of Appointment to
Foreign Office.
BERKELEY, Nov. 8.--President Benja
min Ide Wheeler returned to-day from a
three weeks' trip in the East, and pre
sided at the semi-monthly university
meeting held at 11 o'clock in Har
mon gymnasium. He announced to the
students that in a personal talk with
President Roosevelt the chief executive
had said it was his intention to visit this
coast as soon as the business of the next
session of Congress is over. This will
bring him here some time during the sum
mer.
The main purpose of his visit, so Presi
dent Wheeler stated, will be to inspect
the conditions of the arid lands of the
West, so that he can recommend to Con
gress some action to be taken to reclaim
the waste territory. Dr. Wheeler said
that he believed President Roosevelt will
urge a large appropriation by Congress
for the irrigation of Western lands as a
national benefit.
President Wheeler denied the account
recently published that he would receive
the appointment of Ernbassador to Ger
many. When asked if the statements
were true that he would receive an ap
pointment from President Roosevelt's
hands, he classed them as "nonsense"
without the slightest foundation of truth.
"I would rather the matter would not be
mentioned," he said, "as it simply brings
it again to public mind. It is absurd."
The meeting this morning was address
ed also by Dr. Thomas Aadison, Pacific
Coast agent of the General Electric Com
pany, who spoke interestingly on the work
in the broad school of life.
President Wheeler's address to the stu
dents was in part as follows:
I very much enjoyed visiting old Yale and
giving to her the felicitations you sent. There
is a kind of virility and abundance of spirit
here that reminds one of Yale. Yale is not rich,
but like ourselves has been in need. The old
buildings there are the ugliest I have seen ex
cept the ones here. Yale hasn't much money,
but she has any amount of loyalty from those
who have studied within her walls.
It is always good to meet a man who is a
man and that's what Theodore Roosevelt Is.
There is no suspicion but he is a whole man —
a masculine man — and that's the kind of a man
to be. He has entered office looking things In
the face as realities, so that he might live and
act in the real. He is not afraid to act In the
light of what he sees to be facts. It was in
teresting to notice how anxious he was to get
at the actual facts. There seemed to be a posi
tive yearning in his mind to get at the real
status of things. In talking with him he ex
pressed his great desire for better information
regarding the country's needs.
I told him that to become acquainted with
things he ought to look at them. He told me
that he had decided just as soon as Congress
was through its session to come to this coast.
So he will be here next summer. He is coming
out to the Pacific Coast in order that he may
become acquainted with conditions on the Pa
cific strip. He is very much interested in af
fairs in the section west of Kansas and he is
prepared to take an active hand in the irri
gation of the arid West. He sees in It a na
tional duty. He will not hesitate to support a
national contribution for irrigation of the West
ern lands the same as he would advocate im
proving rivers and harbors. It is a national
policy with him to turn toward the arid West.
He knows the country is not a desert, as most
people think, but a waste which can be made
fertile through proper means.
lam glad to be back among you. There is no
place I have seen so good as Berkeley. I am
back here for the purpose of attending the foot
ball game to-morrow and I want you all to be
there behind that team. Be a body of stu
dents until noon to-morrow and then be a body
of football enthusiasts. Put your minds on vic
tory and hypnotize that team into carrying the
ball across the line.
President Wheeler, besides attending th»
bicentennial celebration at Yale, visited
Washington, Chicago and other Eastern
cities. He held conferences with many
scholars for the purpose of looking over
material for the university faculty. He
also made arrangements for men to come
here to teach at the next summer session
and opened negotiations with others.
President Wheelers selections for new
faculty men will not be announced until
after the regents have taken action on
them.
President Wheeler stated that John Ga
len Howard, the New York architect,
would start for this city next Monday to
look over the grounds with the view uf
taking up the general superintendency of
the construction of the new university
buildings.
WILL BREAK
MAIL RECORDS
Remarkable Time to Be
Made Half Around
the Globe.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— When the Cunard
| liner Umbria sails to-day she will carry
j a batch of mail matter that arrived in
[ San Francisco on last Monday on the
steamship Ventura from Sydney and
Auckland. It will be the speediest mail
delivery ever accomplished in the world
more than half-way around the globe,
by steam at sea and steam on land and
steam at sea again, in less than thirty
days.
The New York Central Railroad will de
liver the mail bag — which includes several
bags— on board the Cunarder within five
minutes of her sailing time this morning
and the steamship will have the letters
in the London postoffice on the morning
of November 16. It will beat the fiction
of Phineas Fogg by twenty days.
The Ventura left Melbourne, Australia,
on October 14, bound for San Francisco
by way of Sydney, Auckland and Hono
lulu. From Melbourne to San Francisco
the distance is about 9200 miles; from Syd
ney it is about 8500 miles; from Honolulu
2600 miles. The Ventura stopped at each
of these ports. She arrived at Sydney
late on the 15th and her average speed
was about 400 knots in twenty-four
hours. From Sydney it took her three
days to Auckland, and from Auckland to
the Hawaiian Islands eleven days.
Her passage from Honolulu to the
Golden Gate was exceptionally speedy,
although it did not break the high record.
The Ventura anchored in American
waters on the morning of November 4.
The mail bags were brought ashore and
placed on the regular mail trains of the
Southern Pacific and then run over the
Union Pacific, the Burlington and the
Lake Shore and then to the New York
Central.
The first feat of this sort was on Sep
tember 7. The run was made over the
Central and the mail was put on board
the Campania on that date and delivered
in the London postoffice and made ready
for distribution on the morning of Sep
tember 14. This run was not like that
which will be finished this morning. A
special train was run on the Lake Shore
road from Chicago to Toledo, and ripped
over the rails at sixty miles an hour,
overtaking the fast mail which had left
two hours before.
To-day's mail delivery will be by regu
lar transcontinental mail trains. The ex
treme distance from Melbourne to London
by way of San Francisco and New York
is 15,265 miles.
Nearly 11,000 miles of the new route be
tween England and its far away colony
are covered by American ships and rail
way trains. The beating of the last rec
ord of 31% days will prove that mail can
be taken through New York more quickly
than through the Suez canal and much
more quickly than by the all-water route.
"This," says the editor of the Preston
(Kans.) Plalndealer, "is the only paper in
Kansas that has been under the same
management for eleven years, never
missed an issue and never paid out a dol
lar for labor."
ACCOMPLISHED ALAMEDA GIRL
IS NOW ADOLF SCHUBERT'S BRIDE
Frieda Kaehler Marries Man of Her Choice at
Her Parents' Home, Relatives and Inti
mate Friends Witnessing the Ceremony
TALENTED YOUNG GIRL WHO WAS MARRIED YESTERDAY AT THE
HOME OF HER PARENTS, RELATIVES AND A FEW INTIMATE
FRIENDS WITNESSING THE CEREMONY.
ALAMEDA, Nov. B.— Miss Frieda
Kaehler, daughter of Professor
and Mrs. H. E. Kaehler, became
the bride of. Adolf Schubert this
evening at 8 o'clock. The wed
ding ceremony was celebrated in the par
lor of the Kaehler home on Pacific ave
nue. The Rev. A. Jatho, pastor of the
German Lutheran Church of Oakland, of
ficiated.
Miss Kaehler wore a bridal gown of
white satin, with an overdress of liberty
silk. Miss Dolly Chapman, the maid of
honor, was attired in pink taffeta, with
an overdress of white organdie. The best
CUTS HIS WIFE
WITH A RAZOR
Painter Keeffe Slashes
Spouse Twice on
Left Side.
Cornelius J. Keeffe, a marine painter
living at 29A Morris avenue, seriously cut
his wife with a razor early this morning.
He was arrested and charged at the
Southern police station with an assault
with intent to commit murder.
Keeffe began drinking during the early
part of the night and while his wife w^s
temporarily absent he retired. Mrs. Keclte
returned with her sons by a former mar
riage later, and endeavored to rouse her
husband.
He was in an ugly mood and proceeded
to demolish the furniture. During the
scuffle a lamp was overturned, and Gil
bert Fackspader, Keefe's stepson, a
young man about 21 years of age, and his
younger brother, aged 17, went to the as
sistance of their mother.
Picking up the overturned lamp, Gilbert
proceeded to beat his stepfather over the
head with the lamp chimney. Keeffe
turned on his wife, and drawing a razor
slashed her twice on the left side. Tht
boys continued to protect her and finally
drove Keeffe out of the house. One of
them called Officer R. H. Beamer, who
arrested Keeffe and took his wife to the
Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Millar, who attended her, found two
deep wounds in the left side. One was
under the armpit and the other on the
left breast. The eldest boy was also cut
slightly upon the throat during the scuffle.
Mrs. Keefe was placed in bed at the Re
ceiving Hospital, as her wounds were too
serious to permit of her removal.
Mrs. Keeffe has been married three
times and has had one child by each hus
band. Keeffe has been drinking heavily
of late and f?ets into an ugly temper
when intoxicated. The prompt action of
Mrs. Keefte's eldest son prevented the
house from taking fire when the lamp
was overturned.
CITIZENS PLAN
WATER WORKS
Residents of Linda Vista
Tire of Contra Costa
Service.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 8.
The Linda Vista Water Association has
been organized by residents of Linda Vis
ta to furnish a water supply to its mem
bers independently of the Contra Costa.
Water Company, whose service the asso
ciation claims is not only inadequate, but
exceedingly high.
The members have subscribed 5300 to
ward developing wells capable of supply -
ing the district. The officers are: Presi
dent, John C. Hill; vice president, F. M
Butler; secretary and treasurer, Leo R.
Weil; special committee on subscriptions,
W. B. Dunning, Samuel J. Taylor and
Myron T. Holcomb; on site and plant, 1\
i M. Butler and W. B. Dunning.
Among those who have joined the asso
ciation are the following prominent Oak
landers:
J. F Wiggins, Rev. Robert Ritchie, J. S.
Naismith, Julien Mathieu, C. F. Baker, E. D.
Bronscn, W. B. Dunning, F. M. Butler, Myron
T. Holcomb. Samuel J. Taylor, George H. Is
mon, Leo R. Well, E. N. Engelhardt. Irving
Lundborg Dr. W. F. Lewis, Dr. W. JD. Hun
tington. C. R. Gould, Gilbert Belcher, John C.
Hill, W. K. Viekery, J. H. Atkins, H. D.
Nichols, H. B. Nichols, Kemmerley Bryan, M.
H. Turner, Mrs. A. T. Silsby. W. T. Veitch,
Mr. Whltaker, I. Kullberg.
man was Berthald Blauert. White and
green were the colors of the decorations.
Following the marriage was a reception
and banquet. Those present at these
events were the relatives and intimate
friends of the young couple who had wit
nessed the wedding.
Mr. Schubert's bride is an accomplished
musician and a clever amateur actress,
and has often lent her talents to assist
the cause of charity. The groom is em
ployed with the Theodore Gier Company
of Oakland.
Mr and Mrs. Schubert will spend their
honeymoon at Monterey and after re
turning will reside at 2011 Railroad
avenue.
FLATLY REFUSE
TO CONSOLIDATE
Plymouth Congregation
alists in Opposition
to a Union.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway. Nov. 8.
A war between the Congregational
churches of North Oakland is imminent.
Its basis is the effort which is being mad©
to force a consolidation of Plymouth
Congregational Church and the Fourth
Church. Plymouth's people declare they
do not desire to amalgamate, while the
leaders in Oakland Congregationalism be
lieve that there is not room enough for
the two organizations in the same terri
tory.
It is an old story, this fight on consoli
dation, but it did not reach a crucial point
until last evening, when a church council
was held. The delegates were from the
First Church and from the two churches
directly in interest, as follows:
First Church— Mr. and Mrs. C. Z. Merrltt,
Mr. and Mrs. Russell Whitman, Mrs. A. H.
Bridgman, Mrs. S. F. Swain, Miss Emily
Swain, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Keyes, John Rob-
Ins. Fourth Church— E. T. Letter, Charles
Irving, George S. Naismith. James Mitchell,
John Mitchell. Mrs. S. Wright. Mrs. George
Naismith. George Leiter. E. Paltoe. Plymouth
Church— Miss Belle Keefer, Miss Carrie Pulei
fe-r, A. A. Jones. Joseph Bacon. Mrs S K.
Love. Mrs. Tenney, S. S. Batchelder, Edward
White, Mrs. Bennetts, Dr. George Mooar.
The Fourth Church people, whose house
of worship is located at Thirty-fourth anu
Adeline streets, desire to move east nearer
San Pablo avenue, but the Plymouth com
municants, who worship at Thirty-fourth
street, near Telegraph avenue, object to
the invasion of what they declare is their
territory. And they object also to con
solidation. Therefore the council was
called in a desire to straighten the tangle.
But it is not straightened.
After a long executive session, of which
Judge J. M. Haven was chairman and C.
Z. Merritt secretary, the council was ad
journed without action. The opponents of
consolidation succeeded in keeping that
cuestion away from the chair. They de
clined to join in a call for another coun
cil.
It remains now for the Fourth Church
peoDle to say whether they shall change
their base of operations. Invade Ply
mouth's territory, as claimed, and fight it
out for support.
More Philippine Teachers Wanted.
BERKELEY. Nov. B.— Mrs. May L.
Chei.ey, appointment secretary at the
University of California, has recei'-ed a
letter from F. W. Atkinson, superintend
ent of public instruction in the Philip
pines, asking- her to recommend twenty
young men for teachers in the Islands at
$1200 a year. He will cable for them as
required. Superintendent Atkinson stated
that no more women teachers would be
appointed, as there were no further ac
commodations for them in the islands. He
congratulated Mrs. Cheney on her selec
tions, declaring that the California men
and women were second to none as
teachers.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Manuel Gomes, 22
years old. and Mary Belle Francis, 16. both
of San Leandro: Frank W. Simpson. 30,
and Anne Mary Mason. 24. both of Berke
ley; Frank F. Ellis, 26. Ventura County,
and Eloise H. Trowbridge. 18. Berkeley;
Adolph F. Schubert, 38. and Frieda Kaeh
ler, 23, both of Alameda.
Despondent Cook Attempts Suicide.
OAKLAND. Nov. B.— Because his sweet
heart had left him Gus Lichenfeldt, a
cook on the schooner Oregon, attempted
to commit suicide to-day by shooting
himself. After a physician had exam
ined the wound, the seafarer was pro
nounced to be in no danger of death.
Woman Reported Missing.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Mrs. S. Wright, an
inmate of the King's Daughters' Home,
has been reported to the police as missing.
She is mentally weak
CLERK INVESTS
COHEN'S MONEY
What Former Official
Told Lawyer Many-
Years Ago.
Government Attorney Wants
Tidal Canal Suit Trans
ferred.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
11S Broadway. N >v. 1
Attorney A. H. Cohen made a fruitless
search to-day in the County Clerks office
for the papers that were filed in ISTti
when the Government instituted proceed
ings in condemnation ot lands for th»»
Alameda tidal car.al. The late A. A. Co
hen was then awarded $2176 by an Ala
meda county court for a portion of his
land, but he would not accept the money.
Now the money is missing. Attorney Co
hen says he once asked former County
Clerk Allen, now deceased, where the
money was, and the reply was us follows:
"O. that money is well invested. 1 hay*»
leaned it to Oeorsre \v. Gray sob."
When the hearing ot the pt-tition of Mrs.
Emily G. Cohen for an injunction to re
strain the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific
Dredging Company from excavating prop
erty belonging to her within the lines of
the tidal canal came up in Judge Hall's
court this morning an assistant from the
United States District Attorney's office
appeared and asked that the case be
transferred to the United States Circuit
Court, claiming it to be the only court
that has jurisdiction.
Judge Hall postponed action In the mat
ter until next Friday in order to giv»
A. H. Cohen, who represents his mothe:',
time to prepare papers in opposition to
the request from the United States Dis
trict Attorney.
liN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— The colonial fair,
which is in progress at Wendte Hall un
der the auspices of the Woman's Alliance
of the Unitarian church, is attracting;
large crowds. The prettily decorated
booths, with their tempting displays, are
prtsided over by ladies in picturesque
colonial costumes. Each evening an ai
tractive programme is presented. The
noonday luncheon has been made a spe
cial feature of rhe fair, and to-day nearly
200 people partook of Mrs. L>. T. Fowler »
famous chowder, which was unly one ot
many dainty dishes on the menu.
The calendars whicn are annually got
up by the ladies of the Unitarian Suciety
are unusually attractive this year anJ
are for sale at the "literary table," which
is in charge of Airs. K. 1. Dyer. Mrs. A.
B. Dennison anc Airs. A. W. Palmer. On
the fancy table, over which Mrs. V. 2A.
Tillson presides, are all kinds of articles
suitable for Christmas gitts. Mrs. Tillsoa
is assisted by Mrs. F. Jackson, Miss Addio
Ciorrili and Miss. Rowena Foster.
At Mrs. C. R. Yates' booth is a minia
ture doll show. Mrs. J. P. Winchester,
Mrs. Stetson, Mrs. Egbert Stone and Mrj.
Adams are also at this booth.
The children's booth, where various
kinds of tc^s may be found, is in charge
ot Mrs. Lyons, Mrd. A. H. Clough. Mrj.
O. M. Gardiner, Miss W. S. Wllcox an<l
Mrs. G. W. Campbell. Fresh homemade
French candies are dispensed by Mrj.
Donald MacNicoll. Mrs. A. W. Burrell,
Miss Katherine Potter and Mids Lame
Gorrill.
In the "delicacy booth." which repre
sents an old-fashioned kitchen, Mrs. F.
H. Barnes is in charge, assisted by Mrs.
Henry Cushmg. Mrs. George Meredith.
Mrs. N. L. Courtian and Mrs. F. J. Lea.
Mrs. J. H. Potter presides over the
apron booth, and Mrs. L. H. Porter ant
Mr^. W. T. Hamilton are in charge oi
the table of decorative art. where exqui
site articles of needlework are on display.
The pretty r^d and green booth where
lemonade is dispensed is presided over by
Miss Emma Swain and Mrs. D. E. Bor
tree.
An old-fashioned concert, under the d;
rection of D. P Hughes, v/as one of the
chief attractions this evening.
The luncheon to-morrow will be under
the supervision of Mrs. C. H. Redington,
and the promise of Boston baked beans
and other New England dishes is a tempi
ng one. In the afternoon at 2 o'clock a
programme by the Sunday school chil
dren will be given, under the direction of
Mr?. Willard.
Youthful Thieves in Jail.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Application has
been made to send Abraham Williams. 13
years old; Frank Enos. 12 years of age,
and Manuel Raposa, 12 years old, to a
State reformatory, the youths having
raided P. L. O'Brien's jewelry store, 770
Seventh street, last evening. One of the
youngsters engaged the proprietor' 3 at
tention while his companions rifled the
showcase. Later they were arrested and
the stolen wares were recovered.
Child Injured by Fall.
BERKELEY. Nov. B.— Edna Duff. the
1-year-old child of Mrs. Flora Duff of
2110 Kittredge street, was injured last
evening by falling on her head from a
seesaw while at play. She suffered a
slight concussion of the brain, but was
pronounced out of danger to-day.
Acme Club Contests.
OAKLAND. Nov. S.— The Acme Club
has signed Perry Queenan of Milwaukee
and Young Gibbs- of Cleveland for a fif
teen-round contest, to take place at the
exposition building November 22. The
men will fight at 136 pounds. Besides this
number there -will be two preliminaries.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIGPRUNE
# '
Cereal
Requires less
sugar than tea,
coffee, or any other cereal
coffee, the wholesome fruit
sugar contained in figs and
prunes largely supplying
this need
It is the verdict of every
housewife that FIGP2UNE
is the most economical and
nutritious of any cereal
coffee.
Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only.
ALL GROCERS SELL
riGPRUNi: CEREAL
A CHICHZSTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal PILLS
Am >£§M. *• CHICHESTER'S KNGIJsa
|P**oB'VMg&l in Ki;i> in! Uctd -.ac;»ilic tun, wdM
J^ Spsf4 wtth 9 ribbon. T»ic»» other. Refl>a«
T?i «»k «VV I>B«sero«a sulfctUtiCioan aad Irolt*.
I / ~ to **•"•• 3uj •' 7011- : ru^gist. or wad 4«. la '
I • rS »tamnc *r Particular*. Te*t!manlalo
\9* fP aa<l "RoH-k* for Lmiie*. ' i-» .-.it. b/ r*.
-A. If "tarn Mall. )«.»«» r-*t;-nt)Qii!«. Ssldby
— ¦""/ »n Drug3l»'.«. fhlchf«tcr Chemical Co*.
tUatita iM»pmj«r. Ma«Uao» 4««ar«s 1"D1U, Fa!
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMXANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 123 Markt,
1314
SA!C FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until II o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:59 p. m.
63S McAllister Etreet; open until 9:39 p. m.
fls Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil $ v. m. v
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 FUlmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golds* Gate aye. and Polk 6 t.-Preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m. by the pas-
tor H. H. Bell, D.D. Morning theme. Fi\e
F-s in Life." Evening theme, _ Excu . se^-
Sabbath school at 9:45 a. m. C. E. societ es
at 5:30 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially
invited to ail services. Pews free. Courteous
ushers. Come and bring your friends.
~ ~ MEETING NOTICES.
VAN FRANCISCO^Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
7 o'clock sharp. Decree 4. /W\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. /V A
;DELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. m
- Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _f*\_
KING, at 7 (.clock. Second and u_J\
Third degrees. Fellowcrafts and mas-'V
ler Masons cordially Invited. By order of
the W. M. FREDERICK BARRY. Sec.
•-L6IOR Lodge No. 16t>. F. and A. . •
First degree THIS (SATURDAY) *,
EVENING, Nov. f. at 7:30 o'clock. /LJX
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. /^T *
"iX.CELSIOR Degree Lodge No. <g^^£&,
2. I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting *5?g2535i_
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. "^zgßßr^z?
Second d^ree. __^ _ crßTis p ; M
THE American Shipmasters' Association.— The
officers and members are hereby notified to
attend a special meeting SATURDAY, No-
vember 9, at 6:30 p. m.. at S Market st. By
order of the president.
H. TAYLOR. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.— is hereby given
that the eleventh annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Sao Francisco Home Mutual
Loan Association will be held at the office
of the corporation, 518 Montgomery st., San
Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. November 13,
JSOI, at 3:30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, pre-
sentation of the eleventh annual report and
the transaction of such other business as may
onir.e before the meeting. Books are now open
for subscription to 1000 shares of stock of the
twelfth series. By order of the Board of Dl-
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
AGENTS "WANTED. ~~
AGENTS wanted for "Life of President Theo-
dore Roosevelt"; thrilling illustrated bio-
graphy of cur youngest President; complete
outfit mailed on receipts of 35c in stamps; be
Tim In the field. S. C. MILLER & CO.. Port-
land. Oregcn.
"LIFE of McKinley"; complete books now
ready; can fill orders for book written by
Marshall Everett or Murat Halstcad; best edi-
tions published; outfit free. S. C. MILLEK
& CO., Portland, Or. . -
I.") TO $10 per day easily made selling our cel-
ebrated perfection flavoring powders; no alco-
hol; no adulteration; pure, fresh and strong;
agents wanted in every locality. LONG
BROS., manufacturers, 3585 Howe St.. Oak-
land, Cal.
AGENTS wanted— Best life of McKinley and
¦ :n-.as books :7.*i per ct. discount :outfit free;
freight paid; credit given: valuable premium;
our agents get S2«K> in gold for Christmas, '
HENRY NEIL. 123 Dearborn St.. Chicago. 111.
TWO men to do some advertising work. Call
10C7 Market St.. room 1.
ASrUALTI'M ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
.ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ' j
A.DVICE free, divorces private; bankruptcy ;col- i
lections;att*)chments;mortgages; bills of sale; '
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. ICOSVi Mkt., r. 4, opp. sth. I
ADVICE — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections, I
wills deeds etc. prepared: charge low, estb. j
16 y^ars. Atty G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. I
rOLUSIBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor. '.'l6 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market et., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b*<2g.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale. $5 up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL.
309 Larkin st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for Email child with motherly
care; two In family. Call or address 831 Thir-
ty-fourth st. Oakland.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. Wi California st.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956. |
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock '
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard. I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best i
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place clear- j
ing above $300 per nth; owner engaged oth-
erwise; need trustworthy man. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2G*.£ Kearny st
A— SIOOO— BAKERY on Market St.; low rent; 5
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500 !
the last E months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ii
Kearnj- Ft.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. R. G. WILKE, 26' : Kearny.
A— SI6OO— CORNER grocery and bar, doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
$25; eickness of wife only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26Vij Keamy Et
A— BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C*a Kearny st.
A— DELICACY and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
TWENTIETH Century Laundry shares are pop-
ular with the investing public; these shares
are appreciated because they have value be-
hind them; it Is because of this fact that they
are not sold for a mere trifle, as are many
clocks; returns will be Quick, and In good
amount; no speculation here; call or write for
full Information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Fiscal Agents,
S2B Montgomery st. '
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION!
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can cell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO..
Rooms I and 4, 1104 Market st., cor. Mason. ¦
DRUG store for sale; Spanish cedar fixtures,
shelf bottles, showcase, scales, clock and
show bottles; cost over $3000- can be bought
cheap. Apply at DAVIE & BONNELL CO..
. Oil Broadway, Oakland.
i'rO— CIGAR store; clubroom in rear; location
the best: south of Market :.; established for
years; doing good business; party must sell*
going East STENBERG CO., 759 Market st.
$200— PARTNER in saloon; will clear $100 a
month to each. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
$200 — PARTNER: commission business- deans
$75 month to each. STRAND & C 0. .209 Kearny.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain
Call at 835 Market st, room 14.
GROCERY and b?.r; 3 living rooms; bears full
Investigation. Call at 935 Market st, room 14.
A FIRST-CLASS milk route, stock, vehicles,
etc., easily worth $10,000, but offered or J6OOO.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent C Geary st
A— Cigar stands; 30 to eelect from; $100 to $1200
Ask C. L. HEDGES, 461 and 462 Parrott bldg.
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
T2AVE buyers waiting; list your business with
me. I guarantee to sell. Ml Market «t.
$5000 WILL secure an interest In a money-
xnaking business that will bear a thorough
Investigation ; if investor possesses necessary
qualifications can have position in firm at
$3900 per year salary. Box 12C6. Call office. .:
BRIGHT business mail to Invest $400 ' and 'serv-
ices; money • secure*!; roust be good corre-
spondent and office man; references given and
required. Box 1808. Cmli office.
WANTED to sell, the entire fittings of a sa-
loon; no dealers. Apply BLAGGS' Temple
«*r. IS Fifth »L
BUSINESS CHANCES—^Conttn ngd.^
$650 OR more Invested immediately " will secure
an Interest In new Invention fully as valuable
as the telegraph, telephone or electric . light,
and will furnish Immediate and permanent
employment . exhibiting same In office eight
hours daily at 12 5C per day cash, and also a
commission of 10 per cent on all sales;: money
is needed to secure foreign patents at once
and this is an unparalleled opportunity; many
fortunes have been made out of inventions
not one-hundredth part as valuable as this,
which Is without doubt the greatest scientific
discovery of the twentieth century; . satisfy
yourself by thorough Investigation before in-
vesting a penny; invention will be on exhibi-
tion from 9a. m. to 3 p. m. Call or write In-
ventor, room 8, 1073*4 Market st.
BANK SHARES.
Just a few more investors with $100 or more.
Bank is the only one in a lively interior town,
now doing a business of over $3,000,000 annually.
A most profitable and safe Investment. .
Highest local bank references.
Full particulars obtainable 'uy addressing
box 1645. Call office.
WANTED— $3 per day by advancing $500
each, with (10 per cent) interest on money,
with good security; long job. 2825*4 Mission
St.; hours 7-10 a. m., 7-9 p. m.; owner.
WORKING partner with small capital In es-
tablished legitimate manufacturing business;
good salary; light work; very profitable. Box
ISB9, Call.
NOTICE to furniture ' dealers— A first-class
dentist wishes to exchange dental work for
furniture. Address box 1517, Call office.
$5000 WILL buy all the Interest and half the
handsome furniture of an uptown private
boarding-house; best location; only suited to
fine care. Box 2393, Call.
FINE business opportunity; a rare chance to
purchase a good-paying business-; fine loca-
tion; good reasons for selling. Call 357
Twelfth St., Oakland.
$400— ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale;
good business of 20 years' standing. App.y
1501 Folsom st: easy terms.
RESTAURANT for sale; $1000; cleared $1500
past year; $500 cash; balance monthly. In-
quire of JOHN VAN ARSDALE. 438 Sixth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109ti !
Valencia st.
FOR sale— Hog ranch; on account of other busi-
ness. Call 5335 Mission st, opp. Ocean View.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap; 3 chairs; paying
well; good location. SQ3 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 ,
Valencia st. i
LODGING-HOI FOR SALE.
$250—5 ROOMS and bath in Western Addition.
Apply H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
S rooms: on Mission $?
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350 |
CO rooms; apartment house 4200 j
7-room fiat on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
5 rooms; fine yard 859
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st - 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash... 750
£ rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350 j
18 rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 ' 800
24 rooms;. on Market st. ; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason si.; new 750 1
£2 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500 ]
£1 rooms; $600 ten. balance payments.... 1250 j
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE. 1
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the lollowing on monthly payments:
1 rooms on Ellis; a bargain $325
IT rooms; $200 can remain; clears $S5 500
£3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
"1 rooms; corner; part cash 15C0
2S rooms; piano; clears $SU; payments.... 400
19 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
6 rooms; *»125 cash, balance payments 330 1
<i) rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $;«> 1500 !
20 rooms; good location; money maker 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. INK Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. *"2 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of barsains.
104 r., rent $475; sunny cor., clears $350.
CO r., Al loc, fine country trade established. I
40 r., rent $150; Al loc; clear $400; eleg*t.s4ooo |
25 r., rent $llu; fine family house ..... 2500 ;
15 r.. rent $S'J: NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
10 r., rent $10; modern flat; reduced to.. Bat jr..
£ r.. rent $3.".; water free; good home.... 300 '
7 r., rent $35; "flat 250 I
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market St.. Tel. Davis 2SI |
26 rooms; good income $2,600 j
27 rr.s; good transient location 1,500
15 rocnis; Van Ness; good furn 1,460 ':
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700 i
5 rooms; a bargain 601) i
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500 i
16 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600 ¦
19 rooms; modern house; tine furn 2,500
21 rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
15 rooms; good location; pays well 1,600 :
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500 I
McERIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house $1400
16-room house ; 900
12- room house 600
10-room house : 700
14-room boarding-house .1100
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons, baker-
ies, candy, cigar stores, etc.
A— ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 50; only..
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
12 rooms; Market St.: rent $40: good house. 550
Ma.ny more bargains; get our list first
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes I
and prices, in all Darts of the city: get our !
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st. I
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market: Phone Main 128.
12 rooms; housekeeping; rent $60 $650
18 rooms; bay-windows; all sunny 1250
25 rooms; central: cheap rent .2300
42 rooms; all rented: cood income 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
. G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 017 Market St., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
THE largest and best list cf lodging-houses,
hotels and business ch.--.nces can be found at
toe office of FISHER & CO., 933 Market St.;
I hone Folsom 188.
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full: good
location: newly furnished. Call at 935 Market
St., room 14.
SEE me before you buy a lodging-house or
business of any kind. I have a few snaps.
DECKER. 921 Market st ¦'
PAYING 18-room bay-window modern house; j
make offer; S. Market. Box 1502. Call office. I
SPIRITUALISM."
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush; p. Larkin 2275. |
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance, Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. • 25c: readings daily.
299 Hide, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth Readings, 50c
and $1; circle every night except Wed., 10c.
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
25c; everybody get a test. 732 Eddy; no sign.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Ooak; circle Sun.. Tues.
Frl.. 7:30; Wed., ladies, 2:30; read, daily, 50c.
Mrs. Lester. 148 6th, r. 12— Medium, palmist &
magnetic healer;read'gs daily ;tel. Howard 1129.
ARNOLD DICKSON, tells everything; 50c. $1;
full materialization Thurs., Sun. 201 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 6; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— C. J.
MeyJ-r: sittings daily: test to #.11 to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~y~^~
m7~bernard, . .
THE famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are' in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of. life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
I BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making
a change in business? Are you 111, depressed
or uncertain? Why not seek' the > fullest
knowledge that will help .you- to succeed?
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKS,
1206 Market, rms. 34 and 35, cor. Golden Gate.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT, I'
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently
located at 125 Turk st. readings by mail.
ME. AENDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future, never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays: hours 10 to 8 p. m. 2151,4 Sixth. St.
PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant, scientific palm-"
M and phrenologist 1007»£ Market, near 6th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, WOVEMBEK 9, ltfOl.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnned.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
w1 th special terms. Daily and Sunday.
DAGMAR, the Egyptian, draws aside uncertain
yearß; if you are in trouble, unhappy or not
satisfied consult' Dagmar, the wonder; she will
put ycu on the right path. 1035 Market, r. 14.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant ana
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. :n.
to 5 ,p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ME. PORTER wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. tit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist;
tells past, present and future, 25c. '14S Sixth
St. room 14.
Miss M. Wllle. S26A Ellis, greatest of all crys-
tal seers-, reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 60c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
Princess Ishmael, clairvoyant, ]00S% Market,
from Alohobar; Ist appearance; read life with-
out q*es. ; hrs. 9a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun, till 2p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents f.Oc; readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
GYPSY MESMAR, clairvoyant— Tells every-
thing: sure tips on races. 1152 Mission, st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to' 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry:
truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlnsr Works— Cleaning,
8c: renovated; relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 254::.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Sußerior Carpet-cleaninjj Works,
"3 Golden Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatlnc Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. SS-40 Sth St. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. • Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatina: Co.. 2-10 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS cprns. ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. C Eddy st.. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, i>27 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
• 85. SIC Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEAT new 5 rooms and bath; bay window cot-
tage; nice location. 122u Cortland aye.; $10.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckeis bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1: Kold and porcelain crowns, J5 up;
l'iutes, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteod, $5 "up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-'.-lass work only and guarantee It.
AT tbe ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- ¦
ket Et, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can !
have your extractions donu painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, ;
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9a. m. to M p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. If. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges j
and fillings, extractions or fillings by my |
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years' ;
experience; no students; advice free; prices j
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrcllfst.
A— NEW unbreakahje plate, the Rose Pearl, 1
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; p'-ates, $5 full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : p*unlt?ss extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission. SE. cor. Cth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Krarny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $!; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R.L.WALSH. 515 ? 4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
les? extraction 50c:r!ates $3 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
eminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
j
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. .^Address D.
LX VAN". 314 Lpßvenworth f=t.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dop soap by druggists
cr at th" Ho«pUa!, r>lo Oolden Oate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
riLOER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
EDI"CATIONAL.
HEALD^S^SHOOL OS" I:I>ECTRICaITeNGI^
NEKRING— Theory,* demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market —
JS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, «lee, minins.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
» fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary Bt. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business Collegs, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded '"r863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; ?n mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable houseeleanlng ; _hso
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice
George Kinochita, 783 Haight; tei. Fell 5046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.'
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds-
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 420.
CHINESE Employment Offlce^AlF kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable, help. 524 Bush Bt. : tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: ilaJa r.igg
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED-— FEMALE^
A LADY of middle age, a trained nurse, desires
situation In first-class ; family, to ' care for in-
fant: or young, children; ¦ unexceptional refer-
ences; no objection to leaving the city. Ad-
dress Box 1602 Call office. • .'-''. ' . •'-
FIRST-CLASS lady stenographer and type-
¦ writer, ten years' experience, wishes posi-
. tion; best Eastern references; no objection to
country. Address box 1503. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady desires a situation as
housekeeper in private • family or institution;
many years' experience in the East; do not
object to leaving the city. Address, box 1601
Call office. ..¦...; _
COMPETENT woman good cook, wishes situ-
ation with some good, reliable family: would
do downstairs work; best of references; car-
fare expected. Call 60S Jones st. near Geary.
POSITION wanted as managing housekeeper In
refined family; city; references. Address for
one week to Housekeeper. 3144 Twenty-first st.
GERMAN " woman wants position as cook;
wages $25 to i J, country preferred. 335 Sixth
st. Inquire in the shop. '
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by day;
washing, Ironing and house cleaning. Ad-
¦ dress box 1519 Call office. .. ' " :.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter
wishes a position; Is quick and accurate at
figures. Box. 1807, Call office. . . ¦'.:¦
A YOUNG girl would like a situation to do
light housework; wages $12. Call at 249
Fourth st., upstairs. . ¦^-*>-C- ''.-'"':'"
A RELIABLE girl wants a place for general
housework in city; wages $20. Call at 365
. : Minna at- • '¦;.-.. .... ¦
POSITION wanted by a first-class meat cook.
. Address box 1799, Call office. ¦¦'¦ ¦ - : .- -. '
YOUNG lady stenographer and ». typewriter
wishes position, most typing: has new Smith
Premier No. 2 machine. FLORA C. HANSEN,
2134 O'Farrell st. . ' . '_ , ¦
REFINED young woman, understanding house-
1 work thoroughly, would like ' position -as
' housekeeper; can also teach music; wages $20.
Address 8., box 1955, Call office.
REFINED. " resr>ectable woman desires to care
for invalid or sick room; can give good refer-
ences. Address P. O. box 116. Vallejo. Cal. -
ELDERLY ¦ Protestant woman ¦ wishes light
housework: competent cook; city or country.
136 Fifth st. bet Howard and Mission.
A RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the
week or month; would care for Invalid: good
preference. Call before 8 p. m., 828 Geary st.
A WOMAN wants work of any kind by the
day at $1. Call or address 670 Harrison st .
WOMAN wishes to do general housework; no
objection to children. ¦34 Octavla st. '-
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to
. }fi week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus anil baggage to and from ferry. . >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call 'branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - - . ¦¦- - -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—
CARPENTER, a good' mechanic,' wishes a
steady position with real estate firm, corpora-
tion, factory or private party by thewetk
or month; can give Al reference. • Box 1907,
Call of rice. ...
WANTED— Position by stronc. willing young
• man (29); able to handle goods; writes a ; fair
hand; can typewrite and will accept any-
thing; one year's experience with R. R. Co.
as check clerk; Al refs. Box ISO 3. Call. '
WANTED— Position as ranch foreman by young
man (single):, experienced, in all kinds agri-
cultural work;* good references.. Address S. F.
Call agency, San Jose, Cal.- /'
YOUNG man wants position private place or
ranch; plain gardener; handy with tools; !
good driver; can milk; references given. Ad- |
. dress L. M., box 1603. Call office.
GERMAN married man wants to get a place j
as janitor in city or .country; .can give, the
best of California references. Winchester
Hotel, room Gil. . * . ;
WANTED— Position by stationary or donkey
engineer; city or country; references. Box |
1504, Call office. !
COACHMAN, single, . ; reference well-known j
families, seeks engagement with good pay; '
state particulars. Advertiser, 1123 Sutter st. j
FIRST-CLASS kitchen man, -can cook; wants ,
; work; country or city. Box ISOy, Call office.
SOBER, industrious young man wants work of
any kind. :, Box ISO 4, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a sober man 1 to take
care of horses or do some light work around
the place; good man with horses; can. give 1
recommendation. Box 2099, Call office.
RELIABLE'- and - experienced young .'man :
wishes a position as salesman with "reputable
concern: references from last employer. Box
1638, Call office. .-.*¦;•*- ' :• :V :• ? !
YOUNG m; desires a position In some art de- ;
partment; can paint and draw; speaks four j
languages and is a good penman. Address F.
V., 233 Haven St., Oakland. j
A— FARMER and wife, with" 2 boys, will take
charge of ranch 1 and orchard. Address W.
S. IRWIN. 13 Minna st.
YOUNG man would like a position of any kind
in the city or country; small wages expected.
Box 2C95. Call office.
WANTED— Position by competent bookkeeper |
and stenographer; best of references. Box I
1613,' Call office. |
SOBER cook wants a situation In the country.
1301 Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
WANTED— Position by an engineer; stationary
or locomotive. Box 2098, Call office. '
YOUNG married man, sober and Industrious,
with several years' experience, wants situa-
tion in wholesale liquor house as cellar man;
good all-round man; good 'references. Address
E. M.. C 73 Geary st. .
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; country;
wife for housekeeping, man to work on the
ranch. Address M. W., 25 Pennsylvania aye.,
Santa Cruz. Cal. • , .
EXPERIENCED man wants a Job as night or
day watchman; the best references; give also
- bonds If necessary? 'Address L. F., 567 Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT : wanted by a registered assist-
ant pharmacist; 10 years' experience; city or
country. C. P., 376 Lexington. ave. • • '
JAPANESE, first-class coojc. wants situation
in private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school
. boy. M. SAW A, 1010 Pine st. . ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia st. -. .' * ' t -.•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St..
'••-.-'_: EXCHANGE. .
EQUITY In two-story . house, ' value - $1500, for
stock millinery. Box 1987, Call. '¦¦-.*.'
.FINANCIAL.
P^cliFT[C~ > C^a7r~Tnidl>rwl?Uu^
have 42. offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies | incor-
porated; Etoeks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main . office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. '
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO .' LET. *
$375— sale cheap— New furniture of a 7-
room flat; the flat for rent at bargain. 771
Ellis st '..¦" ;..'¦¦ - . - •¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦•¦¦¦
FLAT to let; 5 < rooms, 724 Harrison St., be-
¦ tween Third and Fourth. . ' ¦: ->
MISSION, 2721%— Modern flat 6 rooms, large
basement and yard;; rent reasonable. •-.'•¦;-. . '
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath; desir-
able; rent $32 50, with water. 1800 O'Farrell. '
$B— SUNNY flat. 3 rooms. 1326 Jessie st, • off
Hermann, near Valencia and Market.
NEWLY papered, flat; 4 ' rooms, -' bath;' gas, 1
yard. 16 Wildey, nr. Pine and Flllmore; $1?..
BELCHER. 33, off Market, bet. Thirteenth and.
Fourteenth— Flat of 5 rooms; cheap.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
Unit. States or Canada one ¦ year for $1,
postage paid. - -• ¦' • ¦•¦'¦-.¦¦¦¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE..
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S 50, with No. <
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE j WANTED."
WILSON buys all kinds "of household ' goods.
' .1710 Market; ; tel. South. 413. ¦ ' v .. - :
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. GREEN-
WALT. 708 Valencia st. ;¦, tel. "Church 1186.-.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
¦, price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1304.
A. L. STORKS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
¦ 2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling^4'urniture, car-
. pets, pianos., etc. CHAS. LEVY,; 1135 Market
FRAMES AND PICTURES. :, -*.
CLYDE L. KELLER,' 128-130 Hayes, hr. V Ness
'•' —Best work and. lowest prices west Chicago.
;¦'¦¦•'•¦-.. >'* ¦¦¦>''/'. GLOVES. ';¦•.•:;''¦;-;",'¦ ."'¦ -:
D. • & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: keDt In repair. ¦¦' 121 Grant aye. -.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, country hotels. $20 and $25; 12
waitresses, city hotels, $20 and $25; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait. $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 cooks, $30; hjusegirl. no wash, small Amer-
ican family, $30; German ranch cook. $25;
ranch cook, $20; second girl, $25; middle-aged
second girl, 2 in family, $20; young girl to
assist light work, $15, sleep home; many eth-
ers. MRS. M. E. DAj: & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED— We have quite a number of very
nice situations for servants to do ganeral
housework In small families at $25 per month.
We also want second girls at $20 and $25;
some restaurant and hotel waitresses at go-
ing wages; also a few first-class cooks at
$30 nnd $35; for both city and country; any
grirl out of work will do well to call and see
us to-day. J. F. CROSETT % CO., (new
number) 334 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant ISS
Any woman or girl looking for a position In
hotel or private family, experienced or inex-
perienced, call and see C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in two
weeks; manicuring, facial massage, shampoo-
Ing, face steaming, electrical rolling, cupping,
bleaching and dyeing; everything furnished
while learning included; course $5; positions
positively guaranteed; 3 good positions wait-
ing; day and evening classes. S. F. College,
233 Geary st.. room 13. •
LADIES— Learn 20th century profession for wo-
men; we teach halrdressing, shampooing,
manicuring, face steaming & massage, elec-
trical rolling, cupping, bleaching; latest meth-
ods; thorough tnstruc; everything furn.; day,
eve. classes; 2 weeks' course, $5. 727 Bush st.
WANTED— Experienced lady cashiers and
wrappers. Apply at HALE BROS.', before U
a. m.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady experienced In efflce
work to handle private exchange and do
clerical work; state salary expected; give
reference. Box 1516, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced Jacket and skirt hands.
Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO.. cor. Geary and
Grant aye.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in light
housework; 2 in family. 1620 Central aye.,
between 3 and 11 a. m.
WANTED I—First-class1 — First-class alteration hands. Ap-
ply at LIVINGSTON BROS., 123 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED — Young lady to learn glovemaklng.
DANICHEFF. 121 Grant aye.
A YOUNG girl 'to check off work In shirt fac-
tory. 48 Ellis st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; no
washing; wages $25. 2114 Central aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and apprentice. Call
after 9 a. m., 412 Hyde st.
GIRL for confectionery store; some experience
required. 1247-49-51 Polk st.
A YOUNG woman to do general housework and
cooking; wages J2O. 2599 Howard st.
WAITRESS. 615 Valencia st.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 32Vs Fremont St.; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright glrla about 1«
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and -Grove sts.
GOOD wages to ladles handling latest photo-
! graphic novelty. Call at HAUSSLERS, 1413
I Market st. #
I A RELIABLE woman wanted to do light house.
work anu help take care of one child; wages ;
! $20 a month. 1114 Tennessee, nr. 22d. Potrero.
AN experienced, capable Protestant waitress
wanted at 1317 Jackson st. , Oakland; refer-
ences required; call Sunday afternoon.
1 BASTERS and operators on coats wanted. 8.
N. WOOD & CO., factory 27 Geary st.
i WANTED— Neat girl for light housework; 2
in family. Inquire at 571 Waller St.
GIRL to assist In light housework: small fam-
ily; no washing; wages $15. 1810V4 Mason st.
PANTS finisher wanted at 253^4 Stevenson st,
between Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS body Ironers; $10 per week.
United States Laundry, 16th and Valencia.
1 1
i YOUNG girl for light housework and plain !
cooking. 61S Hayes st.
j EXPERIENCED finishers wanted, first-class
pay, on ladles' cloaks. 935 Market st. , room 9.
WANTED— A neat girl to assist in housework.
I Call at 2410 Polk st.
I GOOD fe'lrl wanted to feed cylinder press. My-
sell-Rollins Co.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED — 5 coat finishers, also 6 apprentices.
3 Brook st., room 6.
A REFINED woman of business experience for
lucrative work. Box 1527, Call office.
WANT a young lady to work In shooting gal-
lery. Call at 523 Pacific st.
YOUNG woman for concert hall: none under 18
need apbly. 525% Pacific st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. 541 Market
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and clean
• hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY I
Blacksmith's helper, camp, country $52 I
2 rough carpenters, mine $75 !
5 muckers. Mining Company.... $55 and found
7 laborers to work on trestle $2 day
2 stablemen, South $30 and found
Buggy washer $50; stablemen, city $50
Buttermaker, San Mateo County, $35 and found
Buttermaker. Sonoma County, $35 and found
5 farm hands, same ranch, drive small teams,
$26 and found
27 farm hands and plow teamsters, different
Places $26 and $30
10 teamsters, country $2 and $2 25 day
HOTEL AND OTHER HELP
Young man to drive butcher order wagon
and assist in shop $25 and found
Laundry man for an institution, $35 and found
Boy for a country store $10 and found
2 waiters, same, country h0te1.. 535 and found
Porter, country hotel, $20; oyster man, $40;
baker, country shop $40 and found
6 cooks, waiters and kitchen help
MURRAY & READY 634-638 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK
20 teamsters $2 a day
CALL EARLY WITH BLANKETS
50 tunnelmen, Chatsworth Park. s2 20-$2 50 day
60 muckers, Chatsworth Park.. s2 25-$2 50 day
25 laborers, ballasting track $175
Free Fare Ship to-day for above orders
60 men for ditch work $2 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Swift broiler, $70; second cooks, fry cooks.
$50-$6O; waiters, $30, $35. $40; vegetablemeM,
potwashers, dishwashers, $25-S3O; bell boys;
porters, $25-S2O; 2 washers, institution. $33
and found
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st— Mar-
ried farmer for orchard. $40 to $45; second
baker, country shop, $8 a week and found;
first and second cooks for boat, $45 and $30:
driver for milk route, $30; clerk for country
store. $60; young man for gardening, $25 and
fd.{ plain tinsmith, country, $1 25 a day and
found.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay St.— l 2 la-
borers for mine. $2 a day fare advanced;
board $5 a week; to go to-day; 10 hours a
day's work.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton Rt— Cook for
country, $"0; night waiter, country, $30;
' young man to help waiting, city, $30; pot-
waslior, $30; youns man around livery stable,
$25 j>nd found; porter, family hotel. $15;
Ft en. 1 couple for vineyard, $40; shoemaker,
repairing, $12 a week; baker, country hotel.
$30; laundryman, institution, $35.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $40; hotel cook, $50;
restaurant baker, for restaurant, $40: hotel
waitars, country, $25 and $30; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
A— FOUR first-class waiters; different coun-
try hotels; $25 to $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 333 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
3 extra waiters. $2 50 a day and expenses;
colored cook, country cafe, easy Job, $30.
WANTED^ Man In each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide weekly cash salary $18, paid by
check each Wednesday, with all expenses
from headquarters: money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 377 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
YOUNG man for partner in commercial de-
signing business; $35 for half-Interest; good
opportunity; references; call before 5 p. m.
529 Clay St., room 8.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for a
plain every day business; will pay $60 to $65 a
month; experience not required; place perma-
nent. Apply 7C5 Market St.. room 3.
GOOD boy about 16 years of age for Mission
grocery. Address box *1515. Call.
WANTED— A first-class shoecutter for men's
work. Apply to Evans Shoe Co.. Naxut. Cai.
- HELP WASTED — MALE— Con.
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market Bt. •
UNDERPRESSER on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. ____
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; good pay; steady
work. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Mar-
ket st - ¦ '
OFFICE boy In wholesale hardware house; op-
portunity for advancement; reference. Box
1518, Call.  ¦¦' •' .
WANTED^Expert window dresser, dry goods
and furnishing gpods: state age salary and
references. Address box 1968. Call.
WANTED-Good salesman on salary: $15 cash
security • required for samples. Call » to 11
o'clock. 14 Flood bids. " ,
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 P?r week: on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call Building.
SOBER man'. with $75 in commission business:
can make $18 per week. f73f 73 Third. st. room 2.
AGENTS; solicit pictures; city or country; In-
ducements; exp. men. Royal Port. Co., 143 .tn.
BARBER wanted at 38 Ellis st.
WANTED— WaIter at 3 Jackson at.
BARBER: good wages guaranteed. 632 Sacra-
mento st. ; - - •
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter and
/ Larkin sts. \ ;'
WANTED— A first-class night cook at 304 Ma-
son st. : wages $10 a week.
YOUNG man to help In a machine and black-
smith shop. 143 Beale st. ______
BARBER for Saturday evening and Sunday. 904,
Bryant st., near Seventh. '
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
BOY wanted. ; Call between 6 and 3 'p. m., 52S
Hayes st. .
BARBERS— An elegantly furnished three-chair
shop, centrally located, will be» sold for half
furniture value; three irVtnjt rooms; investi-
gate. Box 1501. Call office. ¦
EXPERIENCED hat salesman wanted by a
city Jobbing house; good position to the right •.
man. Box 1785. Call office. •¦-.¦¦• ' j
WANTED— man for office work: must j
be good at figures and know how to operate |
a typewriter; knowledge of electrical busi-
- ness ' preferred. Address box 1756. Call office.
COATMAKERS and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ALL sizes men's' shoes, .slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Reciuits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the asesi of 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply Si the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. -
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being,
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal. ; apply on
. work: steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 'id Montgomery st., room 25. San Fran-
Cisco. Cal. ¦
WANTED— IOO teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Ama-
1 dor County, Cal.: wages for 2-horse team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters, $2 25 per day: board $4 50 per week.
WANTED — Young man as assistant salesman
In a general*hardware and stove store; must
be willing and active; state experience and
wages expected. Apply box 1523, Call office.
A STEADY, reliable man, 25 to 40 years of
age. with $1000. can procure permanent situa-
tion; good salary and 6% on Investment; must
have outside business ability. Box 1655. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. •
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed:
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER* COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. j
WANTED— boys not under 15 years of i
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 123 j
- Suttcr st. ¦ I
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted: apply
1 a. m., Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
Lyons, London Tailor. 721 Market st. :."-•"
WANTED — Reliable young man: plain work:
no experience required; $13 week; must have
some cash. 1221 Market, room 1. upstairs.
WANTED— A young butcher with references.
2004 Polk st.
GET your shoes i half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary for ships for all parts* of
the world. • HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WANTED— Reliable breadbakers. * 127 Mason st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 500 up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; frea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenclf. St. •
HORSES AND WAGOSS.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $60 to $120
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. November 6, at 11 a. m.. at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer. ;. ¦ -. .
2D-HAND coupe rockaway, old open hack.
3- ton platform wagon and bike buggy; cheap.
O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
1375 Eddy st. a fine lot of carriage, road and
business horses. :-.>• • "
ONE 1-horsa truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand: one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st
FINE pure bred Percherons. Address WM. B.
COLLIER, 124 Sansome St.. S. F.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
;» baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 •Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN* A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wasron for sale, cheap.. 532 Mission.
HORSES* WANTED.
WANTED— SO bay geldings: 1100 to 1300 pounds:
must be broke to ride and drive; liberal prices
paid for right kind of stock. JOHN H. HAL-
TON. 1732 Market st
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
6 SUNNY rooms and bath, newly painted and
- papered ; rent very reasonable. 384 San Jose
aye.. between Guerrero and Valencia sts. '
. HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house; 7 or. 8 rooms:
bath; small yard; north of Sutter. east of
Larkin: for 6or 7 months. Box 1581. Call. '
¦.¦• SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
SAN MATEO— rent; a beautiful log cabin
cottage of 6 rooms: furnished. Apply MRS.
W. H. HUNT, box 46. San Mateo. Cal. *
• ' LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— boat or train from Emeryvllla to
San . Francisco, ribbon watch- fob, with
quartz buckle and Masonic emblem. Notify
P. O. box 93. San Matco; reward.
LOST— At or between "City of Paris," "Lac*
House" or "White : House," sunburst pin
Return to 590 Thirty-fourth st. Oakland. or
. 1838 O'Farrell st. and receive, reward.
— Diamond stud on Tuesday eve. on Mar-
ket or Eddy sts., bet. Drumm and' Leaven-
worth. Return to BILL RICK, GO Market M
and receive liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savin™
and Loan Society, S. 1«\, ;n the name 01
: SAMUEL BRESLAL'EH. No. 2IS-S7i Th '
finder please return to bank.
LOST— A watch B uard with gold snako buckle
and Jeweled fraternity^ badge. Liberal re
ward if returned to room 1015. Call building.
LOST— A memorandum book; also a time book"
Return to owner, , 1619 Mission st. and re'
ceive reward. °
LOST— reward: three diamond rings near
corner of Eighth and Adeline sts Oakland
$100. reward, and no questions If returned »«
DR. «H. S. KERGAN. 1124 Eighth st Oa£-
land. HQ3B
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Na-
tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER (\o
. 66.490) for $140. Box 15SS. Call office.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nia Watch ., CaSe Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch* cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.-.- "*-
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carDet cleaning; honest work guar-
¦ anteed. HOI'KE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Uu.«l« 421.
MATRIMONIAL. T
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable and *
confidential; list, me. Mrs. Hertz. 706 EIH» gt .
M EPICAI - ~
DR. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick and i a
trouble call and consult the special' My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; 23 ,years* experience in midwifery
1 cases: utmost confidence can be placed In her;
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement* best care, attention; confinement
$13* room and board $4 a week and upward;
infants adopted. 606 Guerrero st., near ISth.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for femalt* complaints; In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement
410 O'Farrell at.", near Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; office
house 10 a. m. to ' p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice in
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enxinea, .-.ana machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLP3IAN. 195-137' Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one fleer, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st. above- Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc.: also wood-workin« tools, such a-«
band saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortisers, saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 2?0
Fremont st. ¦ - *
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. is being In-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 15
Stockton st. AH you need ia a very small
deposit. | _J " ¦
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half off; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES & CO.. 704 Larkin.
FOR sale— loo pigeons, three-quarter runts and
homers; also Jersey calf, bred. Apply 465
Tenth St.. room 5, Oakland, or Baker aye.,
San Leandro road.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
FOR sale— Horizontal electric fan, direct 800
volt: 2 blades; in good condition; $20. Address
The Bee. Sacramento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and*""**
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co..
9 Stevenson st.
FINE suits, $10; dress rants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50- DERBY and Fedora Bats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A— lo H.P. Atlas steam engine; almost new;
cheap. Address box 1674. Call office.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business. ¦
NEW Singer sewing machine. 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission near Fifteenth.
"FIRST-CLASS ticket to Chicago; male. Box
ISC6, Call office. _¦.'. -." . 1 ,
FIRST-CLASS ticket to 3. Louis, Mo., for gent,
cheap. CHARLES GRAY, 29th and Church.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. ¦ Fershtand. 126 Kearny st. rra. 23.
CHEAP 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump. 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission St.
WILL sell for $100 finest quality $225 sealskin;
the came as new: bust 36. Box 1653, Call.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
2D-HAND pipe. 4. 3. 2 1. \, in. ; half price
of new. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st ±
CASH ' register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BAR outfits, showcases: ail lengths and sized.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress 4 Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BTTLLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 811 Mission st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES«a.nd boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares, in wrapper for maninsr. $1 ncr v«tr.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Hammerlesa shotgun. 12 or ¦18
gauge, not over 7 lbs. ; ejecter preferred. Box
1612. Call office.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
ers. South Park Malt House. Brannan st.
between Fifth and Sixth. ¦ - ¦
1 HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery are.
WANTED — Small open gasoline launch for ten-
der to yacht and duck hunting. Box 1538. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright olano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 170« Market st
TILTON wants good second-haitd clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. : tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A—^MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY"
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 3024. MAN-
. HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bids.
I A NEW idea in the money-lending business Is
; being tried by the Portland Loan Office. 23
Stockton st.; phone EusU 484. If you n.ee 1
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department will call on you and loan
you money at low rates on ¦ your diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc., or else you car* call
at our office. All business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
! First second and third mortgages........
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN ..._
24 Montgomery st. room 3 >
! $250,000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rats
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided In-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc.. also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 73
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. 3&*
Parrott building. "¦-*-V-
j 1 1
I ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IS.
i Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 803 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums: loans
.on second mortgages, estates, etc. : financial
( problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
I RELIABLE corporation, established 1565, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant aye.. near Market st : tei. Black 5471.
I HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain.)
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low. ¦
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 546 Market
»t. : tel. Main 1C44. Branch 13 Third st
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye.. near
.Geary »t: phone Red 1603.
v MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
5: city or farm property; lons time, stats
amount desired and location of property, P.
O. box 2073. ( . . _
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, :any amount
est rates; private. Ormsby. 28 Montgou,ery st.
ON furniture, pianos and other ' collaterals,
lowest rates; 'quick; by private party. SSO
: Market St.. room 10.
$5C0.0C0 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city:
I $1."0,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. .1 MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
I CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELU' WJ Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; n<» commission: confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bid*-*.. 301 Jones.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st
! SV4% ON real estate: mortgaged ' property ' ex-
changed for clear. LBVITZKT. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: m»'
commls.; confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Markst?!
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal)
strictly private. LICK. m McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
tCCO; any security. - 302 Montgomery St.. r. SJNOYrY T<; — Continued. j
\oS furniture, ptxacs: no removal; money |
• «juiclt; lowest (Merest; easy terms; no broker- !
m**: reliable party. 1170 Market Et., room €S. :
IF yd want a. iaoiue I -viii loan you money to J
buy It. A. K. rtUDELL. 222 -some Bt. |
ON' S.VL.ARII without indorscr; other propo- J
•itloi S. Pv 1 lscount Agency. 143 Phdan bis. ]
THE TOL'.SLET Company; loans and dis- ;
cur.ti. SCI tarrott building. ¦;," ¦
LOANS monor en salary; no ir.r'.orser; Eastern '
t'lar. Weytert: Loan -Co.. 2?J Phflan bide
si csic aI. instruments.
AOAiS we rcm!nd you that cur piano stock,
hots new ar.d second hand, is the largest
v.-^s' cf Chicago ar.d includes the most re-
liable maker* to ch<x)se fro:n. New piano*
*old upon easy • payments b* J5 per month;
forn* good pianos fGr $3. (4 and $." per month.
SIiERMAX, CLAT & CO . htflr-way dealers,
erier Kearny and Butter et«.. Han Fraa-
riscn; corner Broadway end Thirteenth Et..
OeklatiJ.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. cole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes: easy payments: big allowance for I
f^cond-hand pianos: rents $2 up allowed: bar- j
cal!:s. £23 up; Steinwaya. JISS: Chicklings, j
t:SS: CO others; agents wanted. We pay your 1
fare to ar.d from any part of California if you I
liurchase. U7 Geary et.
STECIC. Everett. Hardman. Packard. Lud-
vyis. Harrington. Conover and other pianos. (
These niakfs we are now offering for sale i
in cur wholesale wr.rerooms st 523 Market '¦
t. vo any rstai! buyer at wholesale prices;
' 100 empty piano boxes for sale at DOc each.
I Tilt: WILEY B. ALLEN" CO.. 533 Market.
ATTEXTJOrc. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
6*ccr.d-hacd upright p:anos from %m up.
Second-hand square pianos from $J0 up.
tsecond-har.d organs from 525 up; new up- j
rifh: pianos from.JlTa up. HEN.T. CURTAZ
& BON, 16 to SO O'FarreU. Cllickering, Mason
and Hamlin. Vote, ¦ llns pianos.
A FACT — want you to buy a piano from
v* row, because it- Is money in your pocket
to ils so. We have many bargains, and why
can you rot get the benefit us well as any
cne? Think of a piano at JTS. MAUVALS ,
aifi-lC CO.. ¦ Market st. j
ANY piano sold by us taken back any lime ;
vttfcia - years and full purchase price al-
low«i en a new peerless Knabe at regular !
pries; costs you or.ly 20c a day to buy a j
r'-aro from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OFArreli ft: established ISSO.
A SMALL Weber upright. £125; elegant walnut ]
case Kr.abe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case: Hardman square, $43; organs. $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND ar»d A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
ANOTHER lot of high-grade new and second-
ban! pianos Ju*t put on sale for storage; dirt
cbe*j>: must Bell; no reserve: installments if
desired. Wilsons Storage. 1706 Market at.
125— HERTZ piano: good for practice; Schaffer
cprfght. nearly new. $99. 217 Geary st.
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
poing East account death: sacrifice. 5C2 Eddy.
SI'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUIXER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
mann pianos. SOS Post st.
GOOE' second-hand upright for sale cheap.
m 16 McAllister st.
BAM p'-ano as good as new: standard
.%•¦: a orifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
¦1-EFFE"S, 22 Turk St., near Market—
H.gcr. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
IvCT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
; ¦X)TT -CURTAZ Piano Co.. EGO Hayes.
B:ST and best in America— The Weekly
HlHi Pages, sent to any address in the
IF States or Canada one year for $1.
Wipe paid.
HP OIL.
HfL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
y*izet : cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
1 HSo^lE^F^S^Llli7^scle^^flc~paTrrasti 515
Taylor «... bet. Geary and Postf tel. Black 561.
NEEFIGAARD. president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 5. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2333.
PARTNERS WANTED.
VPHCLST^'ER^o^take^one-third interest in
ac established business. Address 627 E. Main
•t.. Stockton, hi.
rmw
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, cirios and an-
lijucs bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
St.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from »1 upward.
-LEE cure for drunkenness, opium, morphine
habit; Ml hit r Company Gold Cure; accom- j
plished without publicity; confidential; full '
direction; hundreds of testimonials; price $5
per tottle. Address 1125 Geary st, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. • . 
[AN cl?rant line cf remnants for suits to or-
k der. SIS; 'with these suits we make an extra
\ ; ;-.r jf p&nts free of charge; other suits on iv-
A tl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
Hket -•.., between fcever.th and Eighth. |
hK-H>. IR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
¦jain!ess and without scar, with electricity, by
ML'ISi? GRUBER. the cosmetic' artist. 35J8
¦ St., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
W^TSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
¦ n free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
wfcfe parties not required to go into court.
¦Sora €11, Examiner bldg. ; phone Biack SGu4.
1 dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
¦Stolei, other facial blemishes permanently re-
wltliout pain or scars by the latest
r electric appliances. 90S Sutter; tel. Larkin 8171.
ONE BOTTLE of Picus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
JS M per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 'iU Valencia Et., S. F. : tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester '
Hottl, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
lie '.o $1 60 per night; $1 60 to 16 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
an.d The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Dcnrestic office, 1021 Market Et., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methoos; electric roleau; superflu-
ous )iair removed by electrolysis, lime. Zephey
Kla-ora, parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats.
•ilk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
t payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
Ka HANDSOME manicuring parlor; experts em-
' ployed: gentlemen's iranicuring 60c; ladies'
fee; hair dressing 25c. G. Lederer. 123 Stcktn.
ABELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth* EOc, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post..
WHI"E enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near J-.roadway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market et. opp. McAllister et.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
yea.?*' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
A— IF your hair is faling or you are bald, call on
Dr. S.Moore. SS2 O'Farrell; send for circular.
A— V::DA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia et, bet. 18th and l»th.
DR. I^AMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bee", corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
eidris. Box 1205, Call office.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
halt to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. Markt.
£.00 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS St CO., tailors, 115 Kearny St.
'TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Mis:it Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bcuirht. ' J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
' PI.AXIXG AXP TCRSIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st,
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR~<£ C O' DONNELL— Of fice and residence.
IC21 1 4 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at of flee, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764- - Clay st. : gee testimonials at office.
REAL COUNTRY For Sale
—FOrlaLe'nelr" SAN FRANCISCO-^
EmtJl tracts. $60 to 190 per acre, on Rancho
Cotiitt, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francleco is growing rapidly; location
best, for poultry and general farming. Apply
to be Cotatl Co.. 302 California et.. for pam-
phlets and information.
HOUSE, barn, chicken houses; on So-
non Creek; 5 minutes from station: fine
land; easy terms. 3. T. PETERS. 11 Mont-
gomery Bt.
I*^>R rent for a term of years — 75 acres adjoin- ;
m tag Santa Rosa, Sonoma County; under high
9 cultivation; everything complete. 1338 Market.
f52500f $2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
I Dorado Co.. near R. It. Box 222. Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
\trtt list. C. R. WIXFIELD. Petaluma. CaL
A GOOD-SIZED lot wanted to purchase on Va- '
lencia, Micfcion or Howard, - bet. Twelfth and i
Twenty-third st*.; improved or vacant.
W. J. GUNN. 520 California st.
CHOICE building lots: sunny side of Union, j
! just west from Pierce, on the sliji>e of the hill ¦
I rising toward Scott; tSxllO; If you are look- ¦
i lug lor a cheap lot and in a choice location, !
ej-u.'.-iine th€ee 3 lots; nothing now so cheap !
in • i!)a Western Addition; stone pavement;
-bataU blocks; street accepted; ready for j
building; garden;, loam on lets. For partlcu- j
•cii's and price call on
Y\\ J. GUNN, £30 California st.
CHOICE N.W. corner; the cheapest in the ]
Western Addition; 37:6x110; only $3750: street j
work done and accepted; stone blocks and j
1 pavement; a very desirable lot; in front of !
: a beautiful home; pretty marine view; cars
pass; just the location for renting flats or ]
building a pretty home; there is. a. standing
offer or $3CuO for the corner. %
V.". J. GUNN. £30 California si.
WESTERN Addition residence. wanted to pur- j
chase; north of Pacific aye., east of Lyon »t.
or Presidio reservation to Van Ness aye.;
the buyer wants a marine view if possible
and expects a bargain.
W. J. GUNN. 550 California st.
: SOME choice lots in Richmond, north of the
Park where ali the Etreet work Is done and
| cars passing within a few steps; offered at
very low prices: not far out.
W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
' FOR the Income; wanted to purchase, flats or
j residence that is now bringing in rental or
I can be rented easily; in Western Addition or
j Mission. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
: FOR SALE BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st
Fine lot. for flats: north side Union, bet. Van
Nci« and Franklin: cars pass; street work
I done; lot level. 25x117; $17DO; this is the last
! lot left lor sale in that block; new flats have
' ju£t been built in that block and are all
! routed.
1 $4600— Two fine building lots on Hayes St.,
I near Panhandle; 50x137:6. ,
: Devisadero St. the eomlnK location; lots 34
' by 137 ¦ .-
; Cheap lots on Stefner st., between \ allejo ¦
! and Green. 27:£xllU. for 11700 to $2000.
I 27:6x127:6, on Green St., near Steiner, for |
j only J1750.
Two lots on Oak st., facing; the Park- Pan-
! handle, for only $2250 each.
Devisadero st. near Turk; 25x87; $3000.
i Dolores st., near 3Cth, 25x100, for $900.
Fair Oaks st, lots, between 18th and 19th,
' for $800 each.
Harrison et.. near £4th; four lots, 26 ft. front
i each.
3 lots on 17th St.. 25x100, for $1760 each.
Dolores at., near 18th, 29x110. for $2000.
Mission-st lots, 25x100. for $1250 to $1400.
West Park, Crescent and Richland ayes.,
$400 to $750 each; streets macadamized and
sewered; $100 down, balance $10 per month;
interest C per cent; Mission-st electric cars
close by. • . .
$6000— 23x80; south side Bryant st., between
Second and Third; Improvements, elegant 3-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath; can be
remodeled into 3 flats at nominal cost; best
renting property in San Francisco and In a
district that is steadily increasing in value:
sacrificed as it is being held by undivided
owners; make an offer. R. McCOLGAN, .24
Montgomery St.. room 3.
$9000— PROMINENT Third-st. corner; 20x57:6:
rents $65 per month; will stand a raise; prop-
erty sure to enhance in value; sacrificed as It
is being' held by undivided owners. Apply
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
FOR sale — New artistic homes; new plans; up-
to-date conveniences: finished in natural hard
woods; prices very reasonable; the public In-
vited to inspect; located Masonic aye. and
Frederick St.; owner on premises.
SNAP; best corner in Richmond; N.E.
corner California st. and Fourth aye.; 32:6 x
17; motor line will soon change to electric.
F. R. GRANNIS, 137 Montgomery st.
$4100— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
395-&)6 Parrott building.
$S5O EACH— lots; Eugene aye.; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or install. 360 Jessie.
FOR — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved &. unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: M cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL STATE.
$2000— A LONG-FELT want; cottage house of «
rooms, on sunny side of street, and only two
blocks from railroad station; a bargain.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
" - Berkeley Station.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL. valley real estate.
! MTLIT^ALLErPcAiur FrOPERT?!
To rent— s4o: 9 rooms and bath; furnished:
by the year; at Millwood station; an elegant
| home. i:
' $25; 7 rooms and bath; furnished; by the
year; Millwood station.
$10: large orchard; house 3 rooms: lot 300 x
300; suitable for chicken range: Millwood sta-
tion.
$22 50; c rooms and bath; unfurnished; near
Mill Valley depot; sun all day: fine view of
bay and San Francisco.
$500— Lot 57x130 feet; near school: sun all
day; choice; 5 minutes to train.
Choice improved and unirnoroved property
for sale; terms reasonable.
Apply S. N. ROBERTS,
Real Estate and Insurance.
Mill Valley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
WOODWARD. .WATSON & co.
903 Broadway.
MUST BE SOLD.
Finest residence lots in Oakland.
$1250—30x100 SE. corner Webster and 21th sts.;
fine for flats.
$1300— 35x100— the above.
$1250—34x100— SW. corner Valdez and 24th
(Valdez st is first st. east of Webster); fine
easterly front.
$1000 each; two lots. 33x100 each; adjoining
the above, fronting Valdez.
All lots are sewered; street work all done.
All lots from 3 to 5 feet above grade.
Every walk to narrow gauge train.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.
903 Broadway. <-
$1900— Sacrifice for a quick sale; comfortable
modern Eaetlake cottage with bath, double
bay window, hall, high basement and brick
foundation; lot 43x100 feet (note the size);
very sunny; half block from public park; 3
minutes walk from Clinton station; very
select residence location; neighborhood and
surroundings the very best; street work com-
plete and stone walks laid; house alone is in-
sured for $1750; rents for $15 per month; must
be seen to be appreciated never before of-
fered for sale; a special bargain and will
stand a close investigation.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME.
Offered because he has gone East. '
, 000 — House 8 rooms and 2 baths; built
1900; every modern convenience; ideal in
every respect; must be -seen to be appreciated;
let 75x175; prominent corner: 1004 Grand St.,
N.E. corner San Jose aye., in Alameda, near
local train to S. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
erty; key at office. - • . !
S. M. DODGE & SON.
160 Broadway. Oakland.
40 ROOMS; central; paying bouse; a big bar-
gain for quick sale. E. E. BUNCE, 952 Broad-
way. Oakland. .
I COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; nearly
new. 9SO Park way, near Clinton station,
East Oakland. - ¦ ¦ . .
OAKLAXD^HOIJSES TO LET. -^
FOR Rent— house and grounds in Linda
Vista Terrace tract. Oakland; Piedmont cars
- pass the door every few minutes. ¦¦ S. J. TAY-
LOR. Realty Syndicate. 14 Sansome St.. r. 12.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. • the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
FOLSOM, — Sunny housekeeping: room;
closets, stove, bath; private; $1 60 a week.
FOLSOM, corner . Ninth— 2 «unny housekeeping
rooms, $11;. also others.
HOWARD. 10*3—2 sunny completely furnished
front bay-window rms.; range; electric lights.
; LANGTON, 256 1 / 4— Three sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. .
LARKIN, SIS 1 /* — Sunny front alcove room and
large housekeeping; . gas. bath, phone. -
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary St., bet. Mason
' and Tajlor— 2 eunrry hcurekpg rooms; bath.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPIXG— Con.
OAK. 119—: front basement rooms; furnished
housekeeping. S10 : single rooms, |7 and $10.
OTARRELL. 12S. cor. Powell— A nice room,
.$»; upstairs; near the Orpheum.
SUITE of three or four handsomely furnished
rooms with privilege of light housekeeping:
refined private family,' Western Addition;
phone Jackson 981. Box ISO 3, Call office^
S OR 3 sunny front rocms for housekeeping, $12.
47S Tehama it, near Sixth.
VALENCIA, 12S— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room with kitchen; adults; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertiaements and
subscriptions has been established at 10:H>
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and L'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, H8 Sixth— Rooms,
2Cc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c*, $1 to 13 week.
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner~Mascn— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRAWFORD, 102 Ellis— Sunny rboms; single,
$2; suites, $3 per week; thoroughly reno-
vated; elevator. »
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
I $1 per week.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 818 H. flat I—3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $10.
GOUGH. 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny: ,
gas, bath, single or suites.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly- furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-et. cable cars to Turk st.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms: $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, $36— Large sunny furnished room; 1 or
2 gents; bath. t
POST. 525 A —A sunny eulte. suitable for doctor
or dentist; opposite Olympic Club.
POWELL, 131, near Baldwin lot— Front roomß
to let.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rocms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
IS; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN JOSE aye., 233— Sunny front room; refer-
ences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth <st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 3008 A —Two newly furnished
sunny frpnt rooms.
SUTTER, 320H (The Stanford)— Suites from *3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TO rent— Sunny unfurnished double parlor,
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking
parlor. 34 Octavia St., corner Haight.
TURK. 543— Clean, quiet single room for gen-
tleman; with bath; $2 25 per week.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3376— Nice furnished room;
private family.
TWENTY^TKIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 2 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA, 2ut; and Mission— Newly furnished
suites and Bia&lm; warm belt; tourists at spe-
cial rates; first-class board if desired.
GUERRERO. 104, block from Market-Elegant <
sunny suite, fur. or unfurn.; terms reasonable.
GUERRERO, 104— Large sunny single rooms;
running water;- use bath; terms reasonable.
THE CECILERNE. 9SO Van Ness aye.
FOST, 1414. 2 blocks above Van Ness— Sunny
rooms with board; newly furnished; hotel ex-
perience.
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rocms sunny; ex-
cellent table.,
HOTEL Repelier. 7SI Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
O'FARRELL, 621— Elegantly furnished rooms,
with board ; references.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WANTED.
ARMY officer and wife deSire sunny room and
board; north of California, west of Van Ness.
Address box 2001. Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been received In
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children. 1534
Mission St., since July 1, 1901: Albert Haight,
half-orphan, age 5 years 2 months; John B.
Conway. half-orphan, age 3 years 1 month;
Edwin Duggan, half-orphan, age 5 years 7
months; George Kelly, half-orphan, age 1
year 1 month; infant girl 1 day old.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairinK; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving^CoTT
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st ; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AKD SUPPLIES.
GREaTbARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
DISSOLUTION OK PARTNERSHIP.
THE copartnership heretofore carried on by the
undersigned at 643 Vallejo st., under the firm
name of CASTAGNETTO & RAVENNA, is
this day dissolved by mutual consent, MR.
V. RAVENNA retiring therefrom. The busi-
ness will hereafter be carried on by MR. G.
CASTAGNETTO alone, who will pay all ac-
counts due by the late firm and who alone is
authorized to collect outstanding accounts.
G. CASTAGNETTO.
V. RAVENNA.
San Francisco, Nov. 8, 1901.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Nov. 6, 1901.— Dividend No. 194. of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company, will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room 16,
second floor, Mills building, on Nov. 15, ISOI.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Nov.
9, mi, at 2 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 36, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company. 435 Califor-
nia st., San Francisco, on November 11, 1901.
Transfer books close November 4, 1901, at
noin. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
C. G. Schon, 45, 1113 Clay »treet, and Han-
nah Gustafson, 28, 1113 Clay street.
Benjamin Baron, 44, 340 Geary street, and
Fredericka Friedman, 32, 1222 Eddy street
Danifil S. Peterson, 31, 38 Valley street, and
Norline Jefman, . 21, 83 Valley street.
Antonio Pellzio, 32, 3 Grand place, and Fur-
tunata Parmigianl, 24, 3 Grand place.
Denis Devine, 25, Edgewood street, and Nel-
lie Collins. 20, 895 Hayes street.
Joseph McKenney. 33, 2764 Greenwich street,
ajid May Powers, 26, 2764 Greenwich street.
John C. Nobmann, 24, 2357 Post street, and
Julia Eaton, 18, 4 Bylngton avenue.
Arthur D. Allen, 38, city, and Hattle L.
Traverse, 34, city.
Louis F. Hasshazen. 22, 1912 Golden Gate
i avenue, and Annie M. Smith, 17, San Rafael.
BIRTHS— MARRIftGES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
i:idorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BUSH— In Honolulu. November 1, 1901, to the
wife of G. Fred Bush, a son.
FOGE— In thia city. October 30, 1901, to the
wife of William Foue, a son.
MEYER— In this city, November 5. 1901, to tha
wife of Victor L. Meyer, a daughter.
RICHARDS— In this city, November S, 1901, to
the wife of E. L. Richards, twins.
mabriedT"
BOYNTON-ROBERTS— In this city, Novem-
ber 6. 1901, by the Uev. Herbert F. Brigga,
pastor of Central M. E. Church, James Boyn-
ton and Matilda Roberts, both of San Fran-
cisco.
BERTRAM— MORDECAI— In this city, Octo-
ber 23, 1901, by the Rev. B. Leavitt. Fred
Bertram of Texas and Laura Mordecal of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Benard, Mary L. Mooney, Bartholomew
Burns, William O'Donnell, Mary J.
Cunningham, Bridget Peterson, James
Harryhousen, Annie Schenk, Louise
Hatch, Marvin D. Schulthels, Henry
Higgins, Bridget Thayer, Kathrine
Jacobsen, Andreas Traak, Mrs. Sophia
Keefer. Adam J. Tuite Mrs. Rose
Kreutzer, Auzust Vivler, Harold
Melrose, Mary H. Wlssel, Albert J.
BENARD— In Oakland, November 8, 1901. at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. B. H.
Buzzo. Mary L. Benard, aged 81 years.
BURNS— In this city, November 8, 1901, Wil-
liam Burns, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 90 years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 670 Mission street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Churi-h, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, November 8, 1901,
Bridget Cunningham, dearly beloved wife of
Francis J. Cunningham, and loving mother
of James J. and Elizabeth and the late
Mary, John and Ellen Frances Cunningham,
a native of County Louth, Ireland, axed 58
years 9 months and 28 days.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2237 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HARRYHOUSEN— In this city, November 7,
1901, Annie, beloved wife of Fred L. Harry-
housen, loving mother of Mamie, Freddie and
Emmi Harryhousen, and devoted sister of
Mrs. Minnie Kent of Seattle and John and
William Blaeauf of San Francisco, a native
of Nevada City, Cal., aged 42 years 11 months
and 4 days.
ETRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, till 5 p. m to-day. Interment
Nevada City, Cal-
HATCH— In the City and County Hospital,
November 8, 1901, Marvin D. Hatch, a native
of Vermont, aged 60 years.
HIGGINS— In this city, November 7, 1901, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Michael Hig-
gins, beloved stepmother of Mrs. F. Brooks,
and beloved sister of William, Alfred, John
and the late Thomas Twyford, a native of
Ballylongford, County Kerry, Ireland.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, between Taylor and Jones, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOBSEN— In Oakland. November 8. 1901,
Andreas Jacobsen. father of Mathias Jacob-
sen and Mrs. C. C. Andersen, a native of
Sondeiborg, Alsen, aged 74 years 11 months
and 14 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 452 A street, North Oakland.
KEEFER— In this city. November 8, 1901,
Adam J.. beloved father of Kenneth and
Merrel Keefer, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 57 years 7 months and 29 days.
KREUTZER— In this city. November 6, 1901.
August, beloved husband of Lisabeta Kreut-
zer. and brother of John, Joseph and Anton
Kreutzer, Mrs. K. Seffer and Mrs. J. Hee-
sen, a native of Oberwald, Canton Wallis,
Switzerland, aged 37 years 11 months and 11
days. A member of Helvetia Verein and Eu-
reka Lodee No. 6, O. d. H. S.
ts"Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), from the parlor* of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elsrhth. thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and
Leavenworth streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MELROSE— In this city, November 8, 1901,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallazher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OP UNDERTAKERS.
Bamuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G M Westeott, Concord |G Edwards. Stanford
W F Geary, Sacto H J Mitchell, Berkeley
M L Kaiser, Stockton |L P Clinton, Stanford
B F Shephard, Fresno lR D Emerson, Stanfd
J S Williams. PortlandiC A Phillips, Stanford
T L Reed. Reedley J S King, Stanford
A L Williams & w, Cal M S MacFarland, Stnf
E X Fernald, Fresno IL D Carr, Stanford
W Smith & w, Chicago :W Young, Stanford
H Catterall & w, Vic-!E Taylor, Stanford
toria !J S Williams, Stanford
Miss Pertemeyer, SeatliL G Din woody, StanL'd
J D Hayes, Seattle H H Yerington, Stanfd
S V Haskell, Portland C T Forrest, Stanford
G T Newcomb, Nome W G Deal, Stanford
C H Dickie, w & dau, G Lutgerding Stanford
British Columbia R S Carter, Stanford
H Klast. Brit ColmbUlO G Jones, Stanford
C E Williams, w & ch.jJ A Miller, Stanford
Ukiah IF W Bennett. Stanfd
H Hurd, Sacto W L Barr, Stanford
R M Richardson, Cal |L X Baldwin, Stanford
S Potter, Martinez P M Downing, Stanfrd
H I Seymour, Sacto Mrs P M Downing, Stn
H V Webster &. w, Mary H Wellman. Stan
Danville E D Olney, Sacto
S T Kelsey Jr, Seattle j Anna W Wellman, Stn
F D Wetherby, Boston, S M Hauptman, Ptland
C W Sill, Stanford C Dunphy, Stanford
P X Funke, Stanford N H Ware Jr, Ptsmth
A Thris, Stanford Dr EG Woolsey, lone
M H Sprague. StanfrdjG H Stafford & w, Cal
A B Ross, Stanford IF Doughty, Napa
Mrs E S Hartnell, Stnf E E Jordan, Napa •
Ela R Hartnell, Stanfd C L Fraught, Lakeprt
Teresa Hartnell, StnfuiC B Harris, Sacto
Virginia Hartnell, Stnf; A Elijah, Cal
A Ury & w, S Leanclro R McConnell, Yreka
J M McGee, Oroville E Cox, DD, Sacto
Mrs J M McGee, Cal T H Longton, Sacto
F Barenchi, Vallejo W B Kaleeh. Mass
Miss M Barenchi, Cal W Holmes, Newark
W D Buss, Cleveland H Jack, Stanford
F W Bancroft, Stanfd J M Boyce & w, Stkton
J B Richardson. Cal F Smith & w, Cal
C A Jones, Stanford C C Hampton, Mrysvll
Miss Hampton, Mrysvll Mrs G W Gibson, Cal
Miss I Smith, Mrysvll A Langren, Illinois
Miss J Smith, Mrysvll M White, N V
PALACE HOTEL.
Jos E Rolker, N V |Mrs J C Noyes. Napa
R F Watson, Marysvle;O W Richards. St Luis
Leonard Cox, N V Mrs D F McGraw, S J
W C Stone, San MateoJMlss Jet McGraw. S J
F Irvine Herron, L A 1A 1 Louise McGraw, S Jse
W E Hadley, Nome L G Bradley, Stanford
F C Lusk. Chlco Wm Bayley, Stanford
E L Dohenny, Los A W A Morey, Chicago
Chas Wellborn, Los A R Fernard. Stanford
v\lU E Keller, Los A |R D Gittrens, Stanford
C Leonardt, Los A JJ P Mitchell, Stanford
T F Hayes, Los Ang :Jos G Carey, Chicago
Jam F Farraher. Yreka! Miss R M Stephengon,
J P Brayton, Chicago j wtanford
J G Mossln&w, Los A Miss A B Ashenfetter,
Fred O Jenninz & w, j Stanford
Portland Mrs E F Food & dau,
J H Kahn, Stanford N«w York
R D Meyer, Stanford J L Giroux, Jerome, Or
Phil L Wilson, Stanfrd Jno J Hawkins, Ariz
Houghton Sawyer & w, E R Graham, Bkrsfield
Boston E B Colby, New York
N P R Hatch, NY E S Churchill&w.Najja
G B Llbby, N V Wm Groesbeck S Lake
R N Duns'muir, Victria S P Taylor Jr, Berkley
Mmc Sanderson-Terry, R T Root &w, Denver
Paris iGeo R Layton, London
H L Benjamin & w, J Keith Fisher, Lnden
Kansas City Prof B E Sterling,
Mrs W H Dunn, Utah Bait Lake
L F Breuner&w, Sacto O F Woodward. Wash
Ralph Fusselle, Stnfrd C G Simpson, Nw "Sork
L A McLanthle, Stnfrd Wm Lawrence, Denvur
I L McLanthle, Stnfrd C M Hunter. Sta Crua
T A Folger&w, S Mten Louis Moore, Cincin.O
JOG Posey, Stanford Geo W Baxter, Denver
C E Howe, Oakland John H Lynch&w, NY
D E Dlerssen Jr, Sacto Geo B Lovdal, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Lacerdo, Redding E A Pyke. Chicago
R O Lozier, Nome W F Graham, Ga
Miss L Lentz. Seattle E Spread, Los Angeles
Frank Addy, Nome H H Wells, Minn
W C Cramer, Ky A C Anderson, Cal
J Bethune, Portland A A King. Denver
J McLachlan, Cal R A Settle, Denver
J C Stevens, Victoria H H Clark, Lincoln
H Tecklenburg, Seattle 1 G Cassidy Angol Island
J J Teasdale & w B C H Holden, Angel Isl
£ J Edward* & w BCC W Baker. Fresno
Mary Hinton, beloved wife of J. W. Melrose,
and mother of May C. and James R. Melroae.
a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged 54 years 9
months and B days.
E^"Frient!s and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the First New
Jerusalem Church. O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MOONEY— In this city, November 7. 1901. Bar
tholomew C, beloved husband of Mary F.
Mooney, a native of the parish of Baly
mote, County Sligo, Ireland, aged 43 years
and 21 days.
E7"Funeral from the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eichth. Interment private, Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In this city, November 8, 1901,
Mary J., beloved wife of Joseph, E. O'Don
nell, a native of San Franciico.
KTFrfends are respectfully invited to at
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:15
o'clock, from her late residence. 102 Baker
street, thence to St. Acnes Church for ser
vices, commencing at 12:30 o'clock. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, November 7. 1801.
James Peterson, a native of Norway, aged
51 years.
lET Friend* and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau
rel Hill Cemetery.
SCHENK— In the City and County Hospital,
November S. 1901. Louise Schenk, a native of
Germany, aged 54 years.
SCHULTHEIS— In this city, November 7, 1901.
at his residence, 1703 Polk street, corner Clay,
Henry, beloved husband of Anna Schultheis,
father of the late Ida and William H. Schul
theis. and devoted grandfather of Henry R.
Schulthels, a native of Germany, aged 76
years 4 months and 14 days.
ETFuneral strictly crivate. Kindly omi'.
flowers.
THAYER— In this city, November 8, 1901,
Kathrine, beloved wife of A. Thayer, mother
of Herbert A. and Edwin H. Thayer, and
sister of Mrs. Lina Golly, a native of Penn
sylvania, aged 57 years and 5 daya.
lE?" Notice c-f fun<?ral hereafter.
TRASK— In Oakland, November 7. 1901, Mrs.
Sophia Tufts Trask. widow of the late Cap
tain Alden Y. Traak. and sister of Wales L.
Palmer and Mrs. Sarah R. Knox. a native of
Maine, aged 56 years 6 months and 27 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of Mrs. Sarah R. Knox. 524 Twen
ty-third street, Oakland. Interment private.
TUITE— In this city, November 6, 1901. Mrs.
Rose Tuite, wife of James Tulte, daughter of
the late John- and Catherine Kenney. and
sister of Mrs. L. Holdena, Mrs. M. Farley
and John and Joseph Kenney, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years and 10 months.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi
dence of her sister. 1828 Post street. Inter
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VIVIER— In Alameda, November 6. 1901, Har
old, beloved eon of A. Maurice and Mary
Vlvier, and brother of Louis, Marguerite,
Robert and Ralph Vivier. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 9 months.
WISSEL— In this city, November 8, 1901, Al
bert John W T lssel, beloved husband of Bertha,
and father of Hermine and Albert F. Wissel.
a native of Bremen, Germany, aged 76 years
and 8 months.
(CTThe funeral services will be held to
morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at" his late
residence, 904 Steiner street. Interment
strictly private. Kindly omit flowers.
Florisf Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Personable . '*
107 POWELL ST.n,m,ELUS '2SE 5056
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77Vi 75%! Port Costa 63^ 66
Marin County. 58 — i Spring Valley. 89' A SM%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — 1 Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3% — i Sacramento ... 23 —
Mutual 414 Ml fl F G & E.... 44^ 44V.
Oakland — 52 [San Francisco. 5 5^
Pac Gas Imp. 40V4 42 IStktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 24o — |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 7SVi 7SV 2 L P & A 160 170
California ....407 — Mer Ex (liq).. 18 Sl^
Cal Safe Dep.109% — S F National.. 130 —
First Natlonl.3ls 335 i
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — Say & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security 5av. .283 350
Mutual Say... 65 — Union Trust. .l 800 —
S F Say U....525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....133fc — OS L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 32',i —
Market SIVa 32
POWDER.
Giant 84 85 fVigorlt 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana - 5 I Kllauea 11 12W,
Hawaiian — i'lYs Makaweli 28 iS>i
Honokaa 13^ — I Onomea 24*4 —
Hutchlnson ... 15% 16',^iPaauhau W/t 13J,4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..149%150 Oceanic S Co. — U
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89 90 Pac C 80rax. .165 —
Mer Exchange.llo — Par Paint 16 —
Mornins Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 150 00
50 Cal Wine Assn, s 30 89 25
• 50 Giant Powder Con 85 00
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 13 50
20 Market Street Railway 91 00
•96 Market Street Railway 91 25
5 Market Street Railway 91 50
45 Market Street Railway 92 00
5 Market Street Railway 91 87^
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 103 75
150 Paauhau S P Co 13 50
40 Paauhau a P Co, b 5 13 50
50 Paauhau S P Co. s 90 13 37',i
3C» S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
125 S V Water 89 00
15 S V Water 89 25
1250 Vigorit .Powder 5 00
100 Vigorit Powder, b 10 5 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn, b 6 150 00
21 Bank of California 408 00
10 Makaweli Sugar Co 28 00
25 Market Street Railway 92 00
30 Market Street Railway 91 87^4
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 113 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
15 S F Gas St Electric Co 44 25
50 S V Water S9 50
Street—
$10,000 Stockton Gas & Elec bonds 102 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board —
2 Hanford 1»2 00
100 Junction, s 90 27
2000 Junction 28
10CO Junction, s 30 27
500 Lion 10
300 Lion 09
cOO Occidental of W Va 34
100 Oil City Petroleum 24
20 Thirty-Three 8 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Apollo 23
300 Four i 45
50 Home Oil 3 35
100 Junction 27
500 Junction, > 90 25
100 Kern 6 50
100 Reed Crude 85
200 Twenty-Eight 160
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belcher 15 1 100 Union Con 14
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 17 1 200 Ophlr SO
200 Gould & Curry 12 1 200 C.nion Con 14
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3GO Best & Belcher 15 300 Ophir SO
1500 Best & Belcher 19 400 Overman 07
300 Best & Belcher 20 200 Overman 08
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 500 Potosl : . . . 07
200 Con CaJ & V.I 72VL- 500 Union Con 11
300 Gould & Curry 12! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 19 50" Crown Point... 05
200 Best & Belcher IS 200 Gould & Curry 12
100 Best & Belcher 17 300 Union Con 14
200 Caledonia 28 200 Yellow Jacket.. 11
200 Con Cal & V.I 67^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Nov. B—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha H 02iJustice 01 03
Alta 01 02 Kentuck — u2
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 17 18 i Occidental 04 06
Bullion 01 04 Ophir 81 82
Caledonia 26 28 Overman 05 07
Challenge Con. 39 2<i I Potosl 06 08
Chollar 00 07iSavage 07 08
Confidence 75 78 1 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va.,l 65 1 70jSeg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 (Sierra Nevada. 13 15
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 28 29
Crown Point... 04 06 ! St Louis 03 —
Eureka C0n.... 14 — jstandard 3904 00
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 11 13 Union Con 13 la
Hale & Norc... 18 21 Utah 01 03
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 14 15
A section man receives only $1 25 a day.
Ever think about it? Everything a sec
tion man picks up is heavy.
PEACE ABIDES
AT THE ISTHMUS
Commanders Send Re
ports to the Navy
Department.
Severe Measures Are Being
Taken for Raising
. of Funds.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The Navy De
partment has received mail advices from
both sides of the Isthmus of Panama
touching the revolutionary conditions.
From the west side Captain Perry of the
lowa reports at Panama and on the gulf
side Commander McCrea, on the Machia^,
submitted a report from Colon. These re
ports are Important as throwing light oa
the political conditions there rather than
as conveying news of warlike conditions.
They are as follows:
U. S. S. IOWA, PANAMA. COLOMBIA, Oct.
25, 1901.— Sir: I have the honor to report that
all is quiet and peaceful in and about Panama.
The activities reported in my letter last week
on the part of the insurgents and government
forces quickly subsided and nothing whatever
came of It. There are no insurgent troops in
the neighborhood of Panama City. The re
port that they had left Chorrera is not be
lieved now. In a word the condition of affairs
in Panama is normal.
Tumaco, near the Ecuadorean border, has
fallen into the hands of the insurgents. Dur
ing the week the Chilian cruiser Ministro Zen
teno arrived in Panama road with an envoy ex
traordinary on board accredited to Ecuador and
the Central American Republic. They re
mained two days and then sailed for Costa
Rica.
The French cruiser Protet remains the only
man-of-war in the harbor besides the lowa.
The British gunboat Icarus is at Taboga. Very
respectfully. THOMAS PERRY.
Captain U. S. N., Commanding U. S. S. lowa.
U. S. S. MACHIAS, COLON. REPUBLIC OF
COLOMBIA, Oct. 29. 1901.— Sir: I have to re
port the usual quiet conditions* prevailing In
Colon and along the north coast of the isthmus.
The Colombian gunboat Pinzon made a round
trip to Bocas del Toro during the week, touch
ing at intermediate points and she reports all
quiet to the west. I incite papers showing
to what miserable straits the local authorities
have been reduced to raise funds, and am not
surprised that the steamship companies have
agreed to protest. If this path is once opened
to protect the sinews of war and no protests
are made there 13 no limit to the annoyances
which will follow and traffic over the railroad
would be seriously interfered with. This reso
lution doubles the harßor dues, which, are
lumped together and called "the commercial
contribution"; if meekly acquiesced in, steam
ship lines might be diverted from running
here, which would of course, injure the traffic
on the railroad.
The department .has been informed as to the
various ways by which the local authorities
have raised funds, such as hypothecating all
the dues from the Panama Railway Company
for six months to come, adding 20 per cent.
and then doubling the customs dues on all
articles and by levying "war taxes" or assess
ments upon all solvent Colombians. These
measures, if taken by the Republic of Colom
bia and h>l ireed throughout, would perhaps be
Justifiable ,h war measures. But when asso
ciated with the discontent, almost amounting
to revolt, among the soldiers because of no
pay, it looks as though the funds being raised
are for some other purpose than suppressing
the revolution. HENRY McCKEA,
Lieutenant Commander U. S. N. Commanding.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Adeline M. Easton (widow) to Madalino
Desirello, lot on N line of Union street. 144:11^4
\V of Gough. N 137:6, W 48:11, S 50:5%, SE
25. S 86:7, E 25; *10.
Louis and Sophie Wiener to Josephine Bern
stein (widow), lot on N line of Haight street,
150 W of Webster, W 25 by N 137:6; $1200.
Ada C. and John S. Martin, Margaret E..
Sarah J., Cyrus. Mary V., George R. and
Alice J. Chambers to Daniel Einstein, lot on
\V line of Devisadero street, 111:3 S of Vallejo,
S 26:3 by W 110; $10.
Penuel and Hannah McClure to Helen T.
Purdy (wife of W. E.), lot on N line of Ful
ton street, 156:3 W of Lyon, N 137:6 by W ij;
$10.
Hobart Estate Company (a corporation) to
Mary Hey (wife of John), lot on S line of
Seventeenth street, 100 E of Valencia, E 2s
by S 100; $2240.
Jane de Witt (widow) lo Matthew and
Jeanette Harris, lot on NE corner of Twenty
nrst and Alabama streets, E 50 by N 104; also
lot on NE line of Fifth avenue, 150 NW of
A street. NW 50 by NE 100, lot 14. block 70.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Homestead Association; commencing 5 chains
75 links S from NE corner of section 1, town
ship 2 south, range 6 west, thence W 10 chains,
S 75 links. E 10 chains, N 75 links, containing
three-quarters of an acre; gift.
Edward L. and Anna M. Jungbluth to A'nsuno
Gagilata, lot on E line of Florida (Columbia)
street, 130 N of Twenty-fifth (Temple), N 26
by E 100; $10.
Nicholas Marisich to Anthony W. Marisich,
undivided one-third interest in lot on N line
of Elizabeth street, 175 W of Sanchea, W 2;
by N 11*: $1400.
F!ora Zacharias to H. A. Massey, undivided
one-third of one-fifth lot on S line of Wash
ington street, 70 E of Kearny, E 47:6 by S
34 :S (aa recorded) cons legal services; $ .
Fabien Hitte to Henry L. Brooke, lot on S
line of Jackson street, 107:6 E of Mason, E
30 by S 137:6; $5750.
Estate of Martial Hainque (by Agnes M.
Halnque, administratrix) to A. J. Tait, un
divided l-10th of lot on NE line of Beale street,
100 SE of Mission, SE 37:6 by NE 45:10; $1800.
C. F. Adams to Elizabeth M. Davis (widow),
lot on E line of Mississippi street. 100 S of
Eighteenth (Solano). S 25 by E 100; $10.
Pope and Talbot Land Company (corporation)
to A. H. Payson (trustee), lot on NW corner
of Alameda and Georgia streets, N 150 by W
200; $35,000.
John P. and Mary E. Glynn to Pearl E.
MaeAlpine (wife of J. E. Mac Alpine), lot on
W line of Sixth avenue, 200 S or C street, S
25 by W 120: $10.
Annie Doherty (Sullivan, wife of M. Doherty)
to Alice Crittenden (wife of George W. Crit
tenden) and Alfred Mostyn; lot on N line of
D street, 82:6 E of Eighteenth avenue. N 100
by E 25; also lot on N line of Berkshire street.
60 E of Fulton avenue, E 25 by N 100. lot 3
block 13, Mission and Thirtieth streets. Ex
tension Homestead Union; gift.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco (cor
poration) to Ora S. Healy, lot on S line of
N street. 52:6 W of Eighth avenue, W 25 by
S 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of N street,
107:6 W of Eighth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Elizabeth McNeil (widow) and Andrew J.
McNeil to James Hennessey, lot on *W line
of Thirteenth avenue South, 224:6 NW of N
line of South N street. W 36:8 by SW 100, block
265. South San Francisco: $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Christine-Nel
son, lot 7. block 4. subdivision 1 of Castro
Street Addition; $10.
James W. Whiting to Annie M. Firth (wife
of J. W. Firth) and Julia M. Doering (wife of
E. J. Doering). lot on NE corner Franklin
street and Elm avenue. N 30 by E 110: also lot
on S line Ellis street, 137:6 W of Jones, W
52:6 by S 137:6; also lot on N line Ellis street.
175 E of Laguna. E 50 by N 120; also any in
terest in estate of Ann C. Whiting, deceased;
gift.
Daniel. Minnie and William Asher to B. Her
mann, lot on N line Bush street. 24 E of
Franklin. E 25 by N 70; $10.
Louise Franz (Nlemann) and Valentine Franz
to Frieda Niemann. undivided quarter of the
following: Lot on S line McAllister street,
lrt E of Gough E 27:6 by S 120; lot on S line
McAllister street. 52:6 E of Gough. E 27:6 by
S 120; lots H to 50. block 11. Sunnyslde: gift.
William C. Louis and Adolph Schwarz to
Annie Tarpey (wife of David Tarpey), lot on
W line Baker street. 50 N of Filbert. N 25 by
W 100; $10.
John J. and Elizabeth L. O'Brien to Robert
Wisnom. lot on W line Lyon street, 150 N of
Hayes. N 25 by W 112:6; $10.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAISOAa
Via Sausallt* Ferry. v
.'.". Commencing September 2», 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
¦ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:SS. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a, m
•1:45 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, ?6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael -on Mondays, Wednesdays . and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— •B:OO, »10:00. •11:30 a. m.. »1:U,
3:15 *4:45 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *S:2S. 6:27, 7:43, 8:35, 10:15
a m. «12::5, 2:15. *3:33, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, »8:00, »10:00, «11:45 a. ¦m .
•1:40. *3:16 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY, TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55, 5:55. 10:30 a. in.'
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m., i::05. 2:13. 3:30,
5:00, 6:45 P. m. cmTuf-n iTfinJiwiiNsJijiig
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta-
tions. -
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. i • ' •. •
8:00.a. m. • Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . .' '
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday " time.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* Irntr nml »r» due •«» iirrlte i*»
¦an rHAXI'Mr*.
(Main Line. Foot of Market 3tre«>.)
LEAVK — Trow November 4. 1901 — arrivb
7:#«a Benicia, Suisuu, Eimixa and s!»cr»- *
memo (>-5-1f
7:00 a VactTilie, Winters. lluiuaey 7:53?
• ?:3oa Marline*. .SauUamnn, Vallejo. N»i«»,
C&ibtDgst »ud MsaiNi Kuan S:23r
S:OOa Davis, Woodland. KniKUU Landing,
fcinrjnville. Orotille. 7:.V*r
g:4M»4 Atlantic Kxpress— Osden and East . M:23a
»:««>a >*ile». Lithr»i>, Stockton ~:3->p
8:00.1 Nile*, AletuluU, Uanford. Visalia,
Porterville 4:53p
»:3Oa Shasta Express- Davis, Williams (for
Bartiett Springs;. Willows, lied
Bluff, Portland. 7i33»
¦<3<>A San Joa«. I.ivermotr, -Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento. riacrrville.
MmIWUIb. Chid, K«.l lihiir t:2.lr
R:SO* OaltiUir. Uiiinese.aonor*. Carters... *s9»a>
»:0O» Harvard, Nikaiuid Wai Stations.. • •»«»*
t:»Oi Vallejo »<:*»*
V:ttO* Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Latiirov, Stockton, Merced
Frmno »nd Los Angeles 7:2.1 r
M::t«* V,»1].j,.. Marllu-i ami Way Station* 7:.V*r
lOMIOA The Ot«rUn<l Mini ted— Ofden. I'M-
Ter. Omaha. Chjcagw »!»»•»
tl:4M>r Sacramento Kliur Sir, MSSS tlliW?
S:3Op Ilajwanl, Nil's and Way .Stations.. 7:35 p
4>u»r llmiiela. ' Winters. Haenuuanlo.
Womllatid, Knights Lauding.
M.rjßTillß. Oru.lllo ••:»»*
4iOQr Martinez. Man Kiitnoii. Vallejo,
Ni M .a. < 'alUtuica. SauU Itona .... »'»»*
, 4:oorNl!ea, Luenuore, Stockton. L 0.11... »•>*»»
¦l::i»r Hayward. Nile*. Saw .l"«>. IJ»*nnor» tHiUS*.
4:3«p Port Cob a, TniCy, Latbrop, Stockton I«:1J*
3:OttrThe Onl Limited— fnaiio, TuUre.
Rakersr)«!tl. ftangim for Santa Bar-
bara, Los AuKeles S:33a
S:«Op Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno *.»«»»»
B:30p New Orleans Eiprex*— Mandota,
Fresno, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles,
Doming, El I'aso, New Orleans
and East 7sB»*.
«!:«M»r Barward, Nlloa and Man Jose 7:33*
t«:O(»i- Valle]o ll >••*
Oi««r Oriental Mail— Oftleo, Citeyenoe.
Omaha. Chicago S:X3a
• :•©* Oriental Mail-Ofdou. Dearer.
St. Louis. Chicago. *t3t»r
7:« Or Oregon ami California Kx|>resa,Mao.
ritiiiaiiLii. Marynvills, IC.lilinK,
rurtlninl. Tiigat Hound am) Kasi 8:O3A
B>«3p San Pablo. Port Coata. Martinez
ami Way Stations 11:23 a
_ t»iO3P Vall>l 7;3»F
COAST LINE (S»rroir Uniige).
".:¦:¦:.? (foot of Market Street.) .
¦tl3aNewark,C»iit«Mille,Bau.lose,Feltoii.
ltoitldorCreelr.Saiita Cruz and Way
Stations Dsso»
t»il<>F Newark. Center idle. .San Jose, New
Almaifeo, Fulton, Itonldor Creek,
Santa Cruz auil Principal War
Stations »Oi.l«A
4il3p Newark. San Jose. Lea Gatoa fB:3t>a,
09.30p Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
' Stations t7.—F
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS mSCISCO— FooI of Mtrkst Strict (Slip 3)—
t1:16 9:00 ll:00*.M. 1:03 1:03 5:13r.u.
fr«i«o»lUlH— rMt*rßrus«M.— l«:oo »t):00 t3:OS
1000. m. 1200 2.00 «:oBr.»i. __
COAST LINE (Broad IJan(re).
(Third mid Townaoml Sta.) ¦ '
«:io» San Jose and Way stations. •»*•»
7:00 A Han Jose and Way Stations I>S*P
/7:«m»a New Al.i;auVu / *:X*T
1»iOOa Han Jose, Tres i'inos. HhiiU Crux,
Pacille tiio««, ealinas. Ban Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7.45-
IOtSOA San Jose and Way Stations. 4xlOr
l:il«A Man .lost) ami Way SUtions 3>3«p
t»: »s»> San Mateo, Redwood, llenlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. .San Jose.
Tren Pinos, Santa Crux. Salinas.
Monterey ami Pacific Orovs ?l»«4»a
St»»r»an Jose and Way Stations. •::»•»
t l:13p San Juaeand Principal Way Stations V: 13a
tS:OOr San Jose. Los Gates and Principal
Way .Stations fOjOOA
3t3«p San .loan ami Principal Way Stations »<36a
OiOOp Redwoid. -An Jose. Gllmy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles lOiOSa
A::iO|»Saii .lose ami Way Stations t*:t»«4
qll:4ap San Jose and Way Stations «:30r
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
tHunilay ezennted. 1 Sunday only.
a Saturday only. '. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTS 21 Ok
LESSEI
SAB FRANCISCO -AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
• Tlburon F«rry. fvot. ml slii^l »
Sen Francisco to v.an siaisM •
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:»i*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
; 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 a. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:25 p. m.
EUNDAYS-8:1O. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:«. J;«.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. laul.i San Francisco.
Week ; Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. [ Destination. | days. I X>ay».
7:30 am. 8:00 am [ Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pmj 9:30 ami Petaluma, , 4:05 pm,l'' am,
5:10 pmf 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm] 6:20 pm
i Fulton. I
7:30 am, Windsor. i 10 23 am
I 5:00 pm Healdsburs. 110:40 am
Lytton.
• - Geyservllle, ¦
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, ; 7:33 pmi 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 110 :40 am 10:23 am
3:30 pm 3:00 am and Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
7:30 ami j~" 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 ami Guerneville. i 7:35 pmi
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm; _ _. | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma | 9:13 am' 8:40 an*
[ and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pot
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ' 110:40 am! 10:23 am
3:30 pmi 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. ; 7:33 pm! 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: ac
Geyserville for Skass3 Spring*; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprimrs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprints, Soda Bay, Lakeportand Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, UDDer Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Huilville. Orr's Hoe
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port. TTsal. Willits, Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agrt-
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
! Local t Lim'd Ovrl'd t Local
I Daily ; Daily ; Daily ; Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a i 9:00 a '*: 00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 1 10: is a 11:46 a 11:10 p : 7:iS p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:3»a ; 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:C5 p I 2:35 p 3:15 a '.Op
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:03 a
• Visalia. ... 3:33 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a , '
•* Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p I
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car '
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is tha Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper," which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
da!%.
7:20 a. m. is BaScersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Office*— 64l Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY i
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. _
Dats.l daTs. 4:13 /' <**""• : V***-
9-30 1_ — :—: — akat at Ib* "Twera at lunar' 1.00 P. 9:45 A.
•fclo r. 11:30 a. w * , oo T.
i 1:13 P. *• 7- *" k 1 * 1 "" 17 - 5:55 F.
. tmn, San FnuicUto to Sum-nit and Rctnm, 1..9 0.
ticket Oflcci, (ill MABKXT 3TE££T vi SJ.CSALITO 13X8.X.
/^~%, Dr.Giblbon'sCiSFeiisary,
IL**Jsk 629 HEARST ST. Established
jßJilJ^&Aiti 1534 for the trentmiMit of ITivata
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 HEARS V 3T. Established
in 1454 Jv>r '.. ¦ ¦»»
Kl»Sfi?-wr»>(lisfasP wearlngnn body ami mini! ami
JS«SS&Pyskin Diseases. T!ie Doctor cures when
others foil. Try him. rtmnrt-s low.
iT'uLssßJißlSa *'»««•«¦« gnanmlffii. or writ*!
Dr. J. Jt\ *»s"H ?*!»*. *>*" Jfraucisco. Cal.
.BfiMWl $1.00 w IS
1516
HIGHBINDER WAR
SEEMS IMMINENT
Chinese Six Companies
Not Able to Bring
About Peace.
Rival Tongs Say That Blood
Will Alone Appease
Their Wrath.
The far-reaching arm of Chinese ven
geance was revealed last night at a meet
ing of the Six Companies. Representa
tives of the Wong family appeared before
that organization and declared that the
surrender of Wong Chut to the police
would involve a frightful loss of life, not
only In San Francisco., but also in China,
where hundreds of innocent Mongolians
would perish in retaliation for American
interference in highbinder affairs.
"We dare not turn this man over to the
police," the Wong family's spokesman
said. "His family is one of the most pow
erful in China and when we considered
the Chin family's plan to allow the Ameri
can courts to mete out justice we received
&i\ ultimatum that violent death, sooner
or later, would be our fate. The ulti
matum stated that the man's family woulti
not tolerate any deviation from the oIJ
honored custom of permitting Chinese ie
c their own difficulties. !_>ea.th would
not only be visited upon those who would
surrender Wcng Chut, but upon the wit
nesses. In fact all the members of the
local long would feel the force of the tor
ribie vengeance.
"The threat extended further. Not only
would the Wongs of San Francisco be
come targets for bullets, but their rela
tivts in China would be slaughtered by
the hundreds."
Threatening Messages Sent.
This is the first time that the local Chi
nese have ever proposed the American
courts as a medium through which to
work out their revenge. Heretofore when
a. murder has been committed the ton?
to which the murderer belonged either
paid the price of the crime in blood or
coin. So closely has this custom been ad
hered to that the victim's own brother
would refuse to give testimony against
the slayer were the latter arrested and
brought in the courts. Now the resent
ment for the new plan is shown in vhe
threatening message sent to the local
Wong*.
Wong Chut shot and killed Chin Chow
about two weeks ago. Chut was a mem
ber of the Hop Sing Tong. but the Chins
regarded family affiliations more than
tong membership, and hence made t:ie
demand upon the Wong family for lr.s
surrender. They made a bold and novel
proposition. They ordered the Wongs to
turn the murderer over to the police and
said that they would furnish six witnesses
for the prosecution.
The Chins extended the time for the de
livery until midnight Thursday. If the
man was not behind prison bars by that
time they vowed to kill five Wong men
and offered large inducements to their
highbinders to do the work. The man
va? not surrendered at the appointed
time, and the hatchetmen started out to
earn their rewards, which ranged from
$500 to $1500. according to the importance
of the Wong m»n who might be slain.
Efforts Made to Prevent Bloodshed.
The Six Companies took a hand in the
trouble in an effort to prevent bloodshed.
The officers of each of the warring fac
tions were cited to appear and explain
their cases. The meeting last night was
accordingly arranged and the parties ap
peared under special griard.
When the Wong men told of their fears,
the hope that Wong Chut would ever
reach prison vanished. It was then urged
that the Chins accept a sum. of money lor
the life of Chin Chow, but this they re
fused to do, and announced their deter
mination to kill five of their rivals, as
they had previously avowed. The "Wongs
in turn will send out their hatchetmen
and will attempt to retaliate by killing
Chins.
ItECEPTION TO GENEBAL
SMITH IS POSTPONED
Unexpected Death of the Soldier's
Brother at Cloverdale Causes
* Committee's Action.
The reception and review to be given In
honor of Brigadier General James F.
Smith next -Wednesday evening was post
poned lor one month by the committee
of arrangements yesterday because of the
death of General Smith's younger brother
at Cloverdale at noon. General Smith re
ceived a telegram announcing the death
and, accompanied by Mrs. Smith, took the
afternoon train. for the North. The fu
neral will take place to-morrow.
The reception committee last night re
solved to postpone the affair until De
cember 13. A special meeting will be held
at the California Hotel Monday evening
to complete necessary arrangements.
s i -. ¦ ? « — :: — —
On Her Way to the Orient.
Mrs. Grace Marris. wife of Naval Com
mander Marris. captain of the port at
Manila, ie at the Palace on her way to
the Philippines. Mrs. Marris is well
known to theatergoers in the East as
Grace Filkins, who was for some year 1 ?
Roeina Yokes' leading support. Mrs.
Marris declined offers for engagements
this season in order to visit her husband
and make a tour of China and Japan. She
•will be absent six months and on her re
turn will be accompanied by her husband.
Bhe leaves for the Orient to-day.
Boarding-House Man. in Trouble.
Thomas Murray, a sailor boarding house
keeper at 510 Davis street, was arrested
yesterday by United States Marshal Shine
for violating the Federal statute in re
lation to the debts of sailors. The com
plaint was made by Emil Gueizenic, a
sailor called "Geeseneck" for short, who
alleges that Murray, after-punching his
face, seized his "kit" and refused to re
turn it until Gueizenic should pay him
a few dollars that he owed for board.
Makes delicious hot biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls,
and muffins.
•OVAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST. NEW YORK.
FLYING TRIP OF THE STEAMSHIP PUEBLA
FROM PUGET SOUND TO SAN FRANCISCO
Sails From Flattery to the Golden Gate in Record Time and
Her Commander Says She Can Make a Better Show
ing When Called Upon — Two Transports to Depart
THE Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's City of Puebla has made a
flying run from the Sound to San
Francisco. Fifty-three hours from
Victoria, B. C, is railroad time,
and many of the liners would be pleased
to own the record.
The Puebla has recently been over
hauled and is now a good seventeen-knot
ship. Captain Jepsen has never rushed
her. however, but when he left Seattle
five hours behind time and there seemed
no reasonable means of making up the
lost hours he decided to make time. .In
consequence from the hour Flattery was
passed everything was wide open and the
vessel came in on time. The Puebla
brought in a big crowd of passengers and
will be ready to sail again on time.
All the passengers were more than
pleased with the vessel's showing, and
Captain Jepsen says that no one knows
Just what his boat can do. Next trip he
expects the Puebla to make the run in
forty-eight hours.
Movement of Transports.
The Grant is scheduled to sail on the
15th inst. She will carry one regiment
and a number of civilians.
The Meade is also scheduled to sail on
the 16th. Among her passengers will be
a number of non-commissioned officers
wives and their children.
The Meade will probably sail from here
on her last run, while the Grant will be
laid up on her return here.
Water-Front Notes.
The Harbor Commissioners made a tour
of the front yesterday morning. Accom
panied by the chief engineer and chief
wharfinger, they inspected the docks
from the foot of Brannan street to the
foot of Powell ftreet. Many of the struc
tures were pronounced dangerous and new
wharves will be built as soon as the
board can obtain the money from the
Emmet Hayden of the ferry steamer
Tiburon and the well known ranger of
the Foresters of America was back on
the front yesterday. He has just returned
from the East, where he went as repre
sentative of the Foresters at the Buffalo
Exposition. . ' _.
C T Ramsdon. chief steward of the St.
Paul, sails for the East to-day. He will
be gone about three months. He will t>e
back in San Francisco next spring in
time to take charee of the culinary de
partment of the St. Paul when she again
sails for the gold fields. «__,_-.*
The Pacific Mail Company s big freight
er Algoa is due to-day. She will probably
bring many thousands of tons of Oriental
freight for this port and the East.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners ana
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Hinemoa is chartered for
wheat to Europe, S2s; the French bark Fran
cois Coppee, same, at Portland, 36s 33d, prior
The schooner Ottillie Fjord will load red
v.-ood at Eureka for Kahului.
Barley for New York.
The ship Astral was cleared yesterday for
New York with 107,152 ctls barley, valued at
+92, 000. '¦
Wheat for Europe.
The Italian ship F. S. Ciampa was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 54,165
ctls wheat, valued at $54,165, and 16,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $240.
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The British ship California was cleared yes
terday for Liverpool with a general cargo val
ued at $371,651, Including the following mer
chandise and produce: '
2,146 cs canned fruit, 65.935 cs salmon, T) cs
cssorted canned goods, 625 lbs prunes, 64i
bales orchillas, 15,732 ctls wheat, 4500 ctls bar
ipy, 16,000 ft lumber dunnage.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $70,666, manifested and destined as
follows: For Central America, $59,807; Mexico,
$9775; Panama, $984. The following were the
principal shipments:
To Central America— sßß3 bbls flour, 6 pkgs
agricultural implements, 12 gals brandy, 14
csks bottled beer, 595 lbs 3 cs bread, 4301 lbs
Leans, 8 cs boots and shoes, 101 cs canned
toods 50 bbls cement, 117 pkgs car mattrial,
25 cs candles, 327 lbs cheese, 2 tons coal, 4970
gals coal oil, 135 bales dry goods, 51 bales cot
ton domestics, 1433 lbs dried fruit, 8 pkgs
Orugs. 13 pkgs electrical material, 55 pkgs
fruits and vegetables, 109 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 120 cs hardware, 561 lbs ham and
bacon, 1931 lbs lard, 33,288 ft lumber. 4 bales
leather, 8 cs liquors 1940 lbs millstuffs, 24
pkgs machinery, 4 cs 46 kegs nails, IS2 lbs
nuts, 59 crs onions, 260 crs potatoes, 88 bales
paper, 16 pkgs paste, 173 pkgs paints and oils,
ICO flasks quicksilver. 104,719 lbs rice, 390 lbs
10 bxs raisins, 15 coils roi>e, SGII railroad ties,
16,655 lbs rosin, 545 lbe seed. 400 lbs spices, 3-10
lbs starch, 66 cs salmon, 1600 lbs soda ash, 10
cf soap, 1127 lbe sago, 46,286 lbs tallow, 10 ctls
wheat, 341 reels wire, 100 gals 37 cs whisky, 24
<« 5151 gals wine.
To Mexico— loo flasks quicksilver. 172 lbs
cocoa. 395 lbs butter. 25 cs canned goods, 1
tale dry goods, 4 cs drugs, 6 cs fuse, 166 pkgs
fruit and vegetables, 2 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 40 lbs ham, 2 bbls liquors, 33 pkgs
machinery. 1195 lbs millstuffs, 15 kegs nails.
20 pkge paste, 1476 bdls snooks, 456 lbs sago.
105 cs salmon, 35 pkgs steel, 23.359 lbs. tallow,
147 gals wine.
To Panama— l2s bbls flour, 120 crs onions, 140
crs potatoes, 400 lbs raisins, 200 lbs shrimps
2890 lbs beans.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 8.
Stmr Bonlta. Nooander, 23 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr. Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 31 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, S6 hours from Ta
coma,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1901
CITY OF PUEBLA MAKING A RECORD RUN ALONG THE COAST TO
SAN FRANCISCO. SHE WAS FIVE HOURS LATE LEAVING SEAT
TLE, BUT ARRIVED ON TIME.
Stmr South Coast, Olson, .42 . hours : from : San
Pedro, via Byxbee Landing 12 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg:, 11 -hours from Bowens
Landing. . •'- • ¦: .•'.¦'¦.¦ ''¦•¦,'
. Stmr Navarro, • Olsen, .22 hours . from Needle
Roc!:. . ¦¦¦ - .--. • ¦ ¦-¦-¦¦ -r "•¦'•- • '
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, ;- 11 hours from
Moss Landing. - • -^ -. : . . - ' •'¦'¦'¦>.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, ¦53 hours from
Victoria, etc. \: •¦ ¦• •• - ' ¦ • , : ' :
Stmr Newbure,' Peterson,: 72 • hours - from
Grays Harbor. ¦.*.'- '¦¦ '--.'• •' '•
Stmr Alcazar.' Martin, .40 > hours from San
Pedro. '.' ¦." j '¦- ; ' ¦"'¦; • -'.' -¦¦-^ '-i -_
' Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 25 hours . from • Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 27 hours from Eu
reka. ¦'. ' ¦•!•¦-- . . •-..¦ ¦./¦ .'•..¦.•• ¦:--¦.'; ¦'
¦ Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 26 hours from Eureka.
Schr Monterey, i Panzer. 22 hours from 1 Men
doclno. .. ' :<-v-:-;. ..: ,' '. . '
CLEARED. ... :•..•;
-¦ .- -:¦:-, -...- '. ¦¦.*' Friday, November 8. •...
¦"I Stmr San Jose, " ¦ Brown, Panama : and :; way
ports; Pacific- Mall- SS Co. . ¦ ¦ .-: ¦¦¦:¦¦¦'•,-¦¦ :¦ •' >
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall; ;- Per
kins & Co. - **. .- ¦:¦¦ ¦¦ , - .;"¦• ¦-' * '¦¦''-'
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports; t Goodall. 1 Perkins. &• Co. .:' '¦ ,
Stmr '' Corona. - Gielow, San Pedro and way
ports; (GopdAll, > Perkins •"&. Co. •. . .
Stmr G«o TV Elder, Randall, Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Co. ¦ ¦ r ; [ ¦¦'.
Ger f stmr -- Sesoatrls, •- Temme,' ;*; * Hamburg ¦ and
way. ports;' J D Spreckels & Bros Co. •* '
• Ship Astral,: Dunham, New ¦ York; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co. •' . L- .- v; /- > ; . .
¦. • Ship , ; America; ; Harding, '•". Comox; R ' Duns
mulr'B-Sons Co. . • •--• :'":.': .. • . ,-.' ¦
Itai ship F S Ciampa, Maresca, Queenstown;
L Kauffman & Co. , ..¦''.'..¦ -' '
•Br ship California, Doty, Liverpool; Balfour,
Guthrie; & Co. .-.,.¦ •'.-• -. . ", ¦ ;
•V; "; ¦•.¦ ;: ;-¦ /. i SAILED. . . • •
. ¦ - . . Friday, November 8. j
Stmr Empire, ' Macgenn, Coos • Bay. .-."¦• ;
; Stmr ' Pomona, „ Shea, : Eureka. ~i . ';-: • ]¦'"¦': '*"¦¦>,
7 Stmr San Jose, • Brown, . Panama.  ¦ l '
Stmr, Lakme, : Odland, Eureka. ; . .
T Stmr Samoa. Hansen. .v •
-•' Stmr : Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr - Alcazar, ¦ Martin. I — —.'¦; -,¦ ¦ ... ¦'.'¦'¦
Br Btmr Wellington, . Salmond, ; Ladysmith. t
' ¦ Barge • Santa • Paula, .. McGovern, Ventura, in
tow x tujr - Rescue. '¦ - •..,;. .¦¦..
Bark. Oregon, Parker, Melbourne. - . •
-; Bktn . Gleaner, ; Schmehl. ; Columbia River. w -
; Schr S Danielson, ; Larsen, ; ...  .- <. .
¦ Schr. Conflanza, .' Jacobsen, '- Eowens ; Landing. '
Schr , Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing. •-. .'¦¦ :-. .¦-.,.;>- • .•"¦:¦"; '.: - : -v- ':'¦'.:.' '-.:¦'. -" ¦¦~y:-'~ y :-'- '¦
Schr. Nettie ' Sundborg, Larsen, V Fort Ross. . ;
";• Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg. Eureka. ".;• \r"..
. : Schr Western Home, Lembke, Coos Bay. ;.
i,-.,'f; :i-.i.:.A-.'...SPOKEN.':- / ':..'-'/ ~','r-': "'¦¦r
. Oct 21. lat 4 : N, lon 23 > W— Br ¦ ship : Thistle
bank, * from ; Cardiff. >.¦ for <¦. Santa ¦ Rosalia. ¦
,'r ; "/,;. . . ; . . ..-. f CORRECTION. ¦¦•'i~: : . \ ; -; i f & r.'-^ :
' The reported sailing of Fr bark Ernest Reyer
from Hobart for Oregon is an error. 4 ; •';',; f, ', J"
' ¦...:..:. iJ TELEGRAPHIC. /;¦.<*'. *,--': .i ¦' '¦'.
.'¦ POINT • LOBOS,'- Nov S 8. ;10 •p : m— Weather
cloudy; wind south,* velocity. 8 miles > per hour.
, .¦ • ¦'¦¦ ¦-.--- domestic; PORTS. ••:- %f± - ;
" TACOMA— Arrived " Nov B— Stmr Washtenaw,
hence. Nov. 4; • schr Robert ; Lewers, > from S Port
Townsend." ".- . ¦•¦ ¦¦',¦¦¦•' ii..' : > "••"-- • •-;*' >-•¦'
v Sailed ;Nov ¦ B— Bark . : Highland I Light, , for San
Francisco. :! Nov 7— Ship Two Brothers, for San
Francisco. 1 ' • i ,. 1 /-' ¦-, i «--;¦> \~:.*i..~ i :".:.;-. ::¦¦,--::' j
¦V-. PORT . LOS ¦ ANGELES— SaiIed : Nov . B— Stmr
Alcatraz, 1 for San -! Francisco. V :' : \jr< ¦¦ V .". ¦¦. ¦¦. ¦>.
.* SAN ' ; DlEGO— Arrived '. Nov ; : B— Stmr r , laqua,
from Eureka.;,.. c;» ."* -^ J "¦¦ -V: ¦ '•„•'¦¦-£•,•.;>. •¦
•i EUREKA— Arrived rr Nov " : B— Stmr < Homer,
hence . Nov 6 : 1 stmr • Brunswick, hence : Nov : I.', ¦ ;
• MARSHFIELD— SaiIed Nov 8— Schr ,' North
Bend, for : San • Francisco. '•¦ •'¦¦ ':~'*lS *"->:"' -:. :
-v VENTURA— SaiIed > Nov .; Schr ' Fanny j Du
tard. for Port. Blakeley. V..' .;,"."-'•. ¦; •• -j;
•* SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov ! B— Br • ship , Norma, for
United Kingdom. -. •; 'sr; > 1 -'-::; ; ."•- ¦¦
- FORT ¦ BRAGG— Arrived >' Nov • ' B— Stmrs Na
tional City and' Coquille River, hence . Nov 7. ' «
¦ NEAH BAY— Passed '¦ Nov B— Bktn Quickstep,
for. Kahului; ship Two [ Brothers, for, San ' Fran-
Cisco. ' -¦;• •---¦¦¦ -*>* t ¦?¦<¦¦¦ "¦¦;-:'*:'';.\ : <?-- '-' ••"-¦..¦.:-"-'.¦:¦:-. •?
¦ PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In '. Nov B— Schr
Martha W Tuft,.; for Seattle, v.^.^: ... < ¦¦• ; \ v :
'< -'¦ Arrived i Nov * B— Ship . Florence, \ from 1 Hono
lulu. ,¦¦.,:.¦/ '-','-.. - ¦¦¦ -.;¦•¦/:•-} j-lV: ¦•¦-¦ I'-'-V;-. :v,. '•¦•_
.; - Sailed • Nov ' B— Bktn , Benicla, . or . Callao; ¦ U S
stmr ; ' Egbert, ' > for ' Manila; .'« schr ;-, Solano, y for
Shanghai. '.. *.'i-"" '" ' ¦¦.••',*•:.'¦-'':.'-.•,• i
if'< SOUTH BEND— Sailed ' Nov A B— Stmr i Rival,'
for San Francisco. ';¦¦• ' rx '¦•-::. ¦:]-•'¦ '¦¦'¦'¦¦ '-¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦ - .-¦
i< NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 7— Ship Ban- 1
galore, > from < Shanghai; ¦ "".'--a « ;¦ ¦/^•' h ,' S'v-'- ?:•-'",
r PORT GAMBLE— Arrived - Nov • B— Sehr \ Spo
kane, from Honolulu. >','•¦•;>¦ {¦*:•;¦, vf .*::, -jk-<A^>
;.k GRAYS \ HARBOR— Sailed j Nov Stmr Coro
nado, • for ¦ San Pedro. , ¦- I 'S'' K .> '-¦ : f* i? '¦/!.•<¦ ;i> - .*¦
-• ¦- SAN PEDRO— Arrived % Nov i 7— Stmr Wt H
Kruser, ' from Fort Bragg. ',.'".%. : •-= » ! <r<. , > %'.V, .y
;•;•; V v.»^r r- EASTERN ; PORT. v-*r..y^';vv -*r..y^';v
0 PHILADELPHIA — Arrived V Nov ; ;; 7— Bark
Nuuanu,' j from 1 , Honolulu. >?•>; -i,'.. 1 ' •> ¦¦,¦-;>;•;
I? "JO:' ::;/!'•. t" ; FOREIGN PORTS. !>' «'/*V,*^
' ¦ NEWCASTLE, •" Aus— Arrived bS Nov ;!• 7— Ship
James 4 Drummond, from r Fremantle.' s.-ii' ; ". .'-.£.- .»
r? NANAIMO— SaiIed t Nov i 7— Nor i stmr 3 Titanla,
for " San Francisco. '.? * .*."-.-"'.:¦>•* ..'r -: '."-:¦•.:, '-tr> • {
;•¦, PANAMA — Arrived Nov i: 6— Stmr Argyll,
hence : Oct • 23. '-,•;. : .''-',; <, ": "-¦¦'¦ %::'. :> ,^.;.-;'f ; - .;\- v •¦ ..{
¦ ¦ SHANGHAI— In -. port I Nov 1 I— Br ; stmr I Falls
of Ke'tie, for Oregon. .i> :--"^ ;¦".-;"»•¦,••.? v»-j'< n:f
3. MUROR AN— SaiIed : Nov v 4-^Br Btmr Satsuma,
for New York. -- r r. .«¦ •¦,•' i.v •'¦"v.V.-'Aii • ''^¦i^-HH'i
p MANILA— Sailed , Oct* 20— Nor . stmr j Guernsey,':
• for Oregon. \ - r ,' : : - '••-?:•¦ vi *• ¦ ; : •;¦*•' -:s ;:-i ; " J -i .-:-, y » ¦<**-<;
•i- -¦ Arrived * Oct 23 — Nor stmr Tiger, , from Port
¦Arthur^ for . Oregon. • i h^/; 'V< 2 ' fKS-MWM*
if HONGKONG— SaiIed i Nov. 6— Br stmr Tartar,
for Vancouver. <'.i-^ ;V • . ;-» ¦",«,-V"'-j:|-'-"in ; »?»:
• ANTWERP— SaiIed Nov i 6— Br ship , Dovenby
1 Hall. : for Oreson. :' . :¦ >t.':j,- ii?vA;©:> vi?-Vv i?-V? 1 ->i
r» COLON— Sailed 7" Nov i 6— Stmr Orizaba, •¦ for
New York. .-^,^ •:" J ::.:.:i.^.-;:S''^i'
Arrived " Nov h 6— Stmr Advance, i from > New
Yort. ¦^•^¦^-•¦¦^v' 4 - '.;¦.,, ;:•¦•;-:¦ .-.•„ .-;
> . CARDlFF— Arrived J. Nov x 7— Br - bark ;» Mada
gascar, from s Oreson.T- I^ ; S'^*»^?i>>i^' f .'i.-br_.^.'V";:
fi QUEENSTOWN— Arrived < . Nov B— Br «hip
Monkbarns, •: hence ¦ July 7; , Fr i bark Jane i Gull
' lon . i hence s June 1 22, for Queenstown.
SHIELDS— SaiIed % Nov 7— Br i ship * Crlccleth ,
Castle.*, for San Francisco.- - .:.- ¦¦¦¦ <;,¦ ¦•;>-j--i"SX'iZ*.M
'A NAGASAKI— Arrived j Oct I Nor stmr Tiger,
from. I Port Arthur, for Oregon,, and t not as s be
.fore^reiK.rted:|^*SSSofej^>:f9^'i"afi3^^
Sun, Moon and
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bar. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street' wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 9.
Sun rises 6:45
Sun aitr, 5:03
Moon rises 5:04 a. m.
Tl.-ne Time Time Time •
Date Ft. Ft. . Ft. Ft.
L.W HW LW HW
8 .. 2:55 1.71 9:28 B.S! 3:54 0.5 10:351 4.5
9 .. 3:30 2.0! 10:00| 5.81 4:31 0.2 11:211 4.5
10 .. 4:03 2. 3| 10:29 6.8| 5:05 0.0 1
H W L. W |H W L. W
1 ..' 0:06 4.5 4:35 2.6 10:53 5.8 5:40—0.1
12 .. 0:50 4.4 5:08 2.9 11:20 5.7 6:16—0.2
13 .. 1:35 4.4 5:41 3.2 11:46 5.5 6:50—0.2
14 .. 2:18 4.4 6:18 3.2 12:20 5.4 7:30—0.1
15 .. 3:02 4.5 7:07| 3.2 12:56 3.2 8:10 —0.1
NOTE— In the abovo exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar« given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides . as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 8, 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Algoa China and Japan , Nov. 9
Totmes Hamburg via W. CoastiNov. it
Santa Ana Seattle and Tacoma...|Nov. 9
Santa Barbara Humboldt INov. 10
Crescent City. Crescent City /...Nov. 10
Victoria Oyster Harbor Nov. 10
Peru Valparaiso & Way Pts.JNov. 10
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. lNov. 10
Queen Seattle | Nov. 10
South Portlam Seattle INov. 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... | Nov. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. n
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 11
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 11
laqua San Diego Nov. 11
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 11
Pleiades Seattle Nov. 12 '
Grace Dollar.. Grays Harbor Nov. 12
Washtenaw... Tacoma Nov. 12
Homer Cocs Bay Nov. 12
Eureka Humboldt INov. 13
Edith Seattle INov. 13
Ascata Ceos Bay INov. 13
Empire Coos Bay INov. 13
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..|Nov. 13
Walla Walla. . Puget Sound Ports i Nov. 13
Kanta R0«»... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 14
Pclnt Arena..'. Point Arena Nov. 14
Corona gan Pedro & Way Pt«. Nov. 14
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 15 I
Ramses Seattle Nov. 15
China China and Japan Nov. 16
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. (Nov. 16
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma.. .| Nov. 16
North *"0rk.... Humboldt .• INov. 17
Umatilla. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 18
Palena Valparaiso & Way PU. Nov. 19
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier. |
November O.
Sesostris Hamburg & Way.. . S.W.I
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier U
Point Arena. Point Arena * pna Pter »
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier !
O. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 10.
Kureka Humboldt 9 ami Pier in
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
November 11. i
Mandalay.... Coquljle River IPler 2
laqua Humboldt 4.pm|Pier —
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am | Pier 1,
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
November 12.
¦ City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 13.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Pier S
Czarina Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
State or Cal.. San Diego & Way. a am Pier n
Rival Willapa Harbor Pier 2
November 14. ,
Sta. Barbara. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Peru Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Pts. 2pm Pier 7
November IS.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am Pier 3
Gr. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
November 16.
H'ngk'gMari China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
November IT.
Walla Walla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
November 18.
Newport Panama & Way...|l2 mIPMSS
November 20. I
Ramses Hamburg & Way..] Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. > . From. Due. I
Bertha Valdes & Kodlak Nov. 10 I
City of Topeka Rkaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11 I
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11 I
ChRB. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. [Nov. 15 I
Selects a Local Rabbi.
Information was received in this city
last night that Dr. Victor Rosenstein has '
been chosen rabbi of a syngogue in Taco
ma. Although Dr. Rosenstein was never '
a rabbi in any of the local synagogues,
he is well known here. For three weeks
he read the service in the Bush-street
synagogue. During the recent Jewish
holidays he officiated In Tacoma, and it is
supposed that his able service during that
time earned for him his present position. >
POLICE ARREST
A BAY PIRATE
Exciting Chase Out by
by the Seven-Mile
House.
Band of Thieves Loots Large
Quantity of White
Paint.
Numerous complaints have been sent to
police headquarters of the operations of
a gang of bay pirates who have been
stealing goods from vessels in the bay.
Captain Seymour detailed Detective
Crockett on the case, and Thursday he
got a clew in the shape of a strange sloop
that was 'seen going in the direction of
Mission Bay. He was also able to dis
cover that three men were in the habit of
hiring a wagon from Lambert's stables
at Fifth and Folsom streets.
Crockett stationed himself in a house
near the stables and shortly after dawn
yesterday morning he saw two men drive
out of the stables with a wagon. He
quickly hired a buggy and trailed behind
them till they reached the beach near the
Seven-mile House, San Bruno road. The
men had stolen a large quantity of white
paint from a schooner lying at Third anu
Kentucky streets. It belonged to W. P.
Fuller & Co. They had loaded the palm
into the sloop and sailed with it to Mis
sion Bay, where they unloaded it Thurs
day night and piled it on the beach near
the Seven-mile House.
Crockett watched them till they began
loading the paint into the wagon and he
telephoned to the Potrero station for Po
liceman Ennis. As soon as Ennis arrived
they advanced upon the pirates, who saw
them coming and jumped into the wagon,
driving off furiously. They drove against
a fence and jumped off. Crockett rired a
shot at.pne of them. He chased anotiier
of the gang through pig pens and sloughs
till he overtook nlm and soon had the
handcufts on him. The other two escaped.
The captured pirate gave his name as
John Reed. He had a revolver in ni:
pocket, and when the officers went to the
sloop they found another loaded revolver
and a dark lantern. The white lead was
marked "A. R.," which is \v . f. tU;...
& Co.'s private mark. Crockett and Ennis
loaded the wagon and Crockett drove into
the city with it and his prisoner, while
Ennis remained to keep guard over the
sloop. Reed was placed in "the tanks."
A search will- be made for his two con
federates.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS WAiNT
PARKS IN THE MISSION
Resolution Filed With Supervisors
Requesting Necessary Appro
priation in Tax Levy.
The Mission Improvement "Union filed a
resolution with the Board of Supervisors
yesterday. The resolution requests tht
board to provide a reasonable appropria
tlon in the next tax levy for one or mort
small parks in the Mission district. The
two blocks of land lying between Eight
enth and Twentieth, Dolores and Church
streets are recommended as a site for a
park.
It was also learned that the City anf
County Hospital grounds should be con
verted into a public park and that the
city should take steps to assert its title
to the land lying between Mission and
West Mission streets for a like purpose.
Body Washed in From Ocean.
The body of an unknown man, that ha-1
been in the water probably two months,
was found floating In the surf near Ocean
View yesterday afternoon. The Morgue
officials were notified and the remain
were taken in charge by Deputy Meehan.
The body was garbed in white flannel
underwear, a blue percale shirt and light
tweed trousers.
ANOTHER BIG
Waist Sale
TO-DAY.
ALL. ' ¦ NEW ' STYLES, . NEW COLORS;
:; BUTTON : FRONT .' OR - BACK. ' Sizes "32
to 4fi.-;.;-';'r, •.:..:•/¦ . ;'- r.-,- .-¦ • ;. _v ¦ -; ; ;.--;•..
>7FZ C > ' FLANNEL, " WAISTS, lined
,; tOy throughout, :. $1 ;25 r quality. :. % < ¦» .-. ¦
' $1.40 : For : tbe f NE W ~- J CASHMERE
<P ¦ *T* V STRIPED . WAIST; >. good 1 $2
?v? v value. - ! ¦:;•<.'?•¦•. ' -• ... - ¦ .-¦'¦'¦; .-';'¦ .- : .
) i£| 'S Ci To-^ay * for our regular $2 25 ¦
!<P 1 IOU i FRENCH FLANNEL WAIST i
¦'¦f, entire waist tucked. i : _-:,'• ¦; : : , v, ¦/;-, >¦"¦ ;. - •
<C| * 75% r For ? SILK ; STRIPED ALBA-
: >*P l *\y TROSS WAISTS; : our regular
i;; price $2 50. y -•¦;..:: ¦:-., ',¦¦:-¦ ¦ ;¦ ;; . . y ;¦•.¦
£O 4 (ft For our regular $3 50 WAISTS. \
.V^ii^V.madeiof best French Flannel;
most effectively trimmed with hemstitch-
V: ing,, tucks and flne pearl buttons. ; ; •'
jtlQ 75% ¦ For choice 5 ' of 'i about 40 SAM-
; **><*>• t O ' PLE WAISTS, ¦ made of strip-
r ed Silk Velvet; i also : many of i them I made
;: y. of ;- line Albatross; i among /: this <; little •¦ lot
are waists worth from $4 to $8. ; •• y
&2.QR For V.'': WHITE & CASHMERE ¦
1 f^X.%^,%3 WAISTS, beautifully ;- tucked
-v > and s trimmed * with \ Point - Venice Lace-
•;v{ regular $3 50 •value:-. ;¦?*•: >' ?.-.'S" i ! "- •¦"¦ /'
:^lftLT£Vr ' WAISTS, made of very
'•^rZ v " finest Albatross ¦ and trimmed
.v; in ; the « very i latest «.¦¦'. fancy t lace ? effects- >.
« many stores charge $6 for similar waists.
.'• We ; will t give you s another i pick to-day of
i#J our " regular -¦ $5 :- BEST i\ QUALITY t TAF-
£ FETA BILK * WAISTS .' the front, bick
H a ? d sleeves of these waists , are r compc sed i
:;.* ?of f one n mass • of . fine r ;.'J>ft:»fff;
ftt our special price to-day, only tpZtlO 'i
2 SPECIALS IN : .;,' ¦ W~? :
WALKING SKIRTS.
;£Q ORFor '£ WOMEN* S .; WALKING •
9*«00 SKIRTS, t made ;of ; heavy Mcl!
>'¦» ton cloth, S new flare ?„ flounce, finished
. ;; with i many rows |of . fine | tailor ; stitch] • i
all seams elegantly welted; would be
good value at 13 50.
SLZt 7^* Bor HANDSOME DRESS
C O SKIRTS of flne Cheviot or
S3- ,?.?!: : .. n w .» flare ; effects, ft trimmed • • with
j!> stitched Taffeta vor Satin; : one &of ; the
' ?" greatest values ever i offered; ; well worth '
1 »a 50. > J~ ¦ . - X
ONE BIG HOSIERY SPECIAL
By chance we bought about 100 dozen
WOMEN'S BLACK HOSE: the kmd
that are usually sold at 36c; will sell
them only to-day ! atr:;f.r.f .7* . tCkJ,
v^"r.t-r.T.^.r.^.."^.T.-. : hrrrr;nr.-s Pair « icfC
! Remember i this t. Is 1 CORSET DAY and ht
i^g means a big 1 saving tto i you I and Ja l great '
rush .at:, our J' Corset counters; ; also re- >
§ member, no I matter , how f small : the : price ¦
you pay for a Corset bought of us we'll
refund • your money ¦ or '. give | you - a new '
,^ Corset, if M after 30 }-; days I ,^ wear W same
jv proves unsatisfactory. ©We quote : Just i a
f£ few prices for to-day only: 3J; -..: : '^""l*?*
35c for regular. 60c CORSET. "'..i-V - '-? i
fit 000 ) for j regular f 75c n CORSET. >. - t ! V. :•/*¦
*i/;,76«iforlr«eularj $1 CORSET, irt I-, • /,"-^
If $1? for regular 1%1 25 i CORSET, w^i ¦* :r -V , p,
¦ ; ;$ 1 25 for .regular SI 50 CORSET." : >j» .V'
Sj $1 BO | for resular /12 CORSET >-"^<»
,- r ,75; for] regular vs2 25 CORSET, - '.
.gi. 92] for regular 92 60 » CORSET. *-»i %*
„ We're open to-night till 11 o'clock. <
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
Hal*'*.. ... . _ _ J Hale/s.* "*%P^
JL Hudnut's Perfumes 50c.
IJCTj-jjmi *H And a neat little box thrown There are several fa-
(•»2=^fc*]>il - '..\\\\ vorite odors from which to select, and you Wno^.
• |J/sm/£tji( • Hudnut's stand at the head — these bottles each hold an
j^J^Av^ ounce — as a rule you pay 50c for the bottle itself.
Ilk-i.' ' j . La Blache Face Powder 25c— Flesh, cream and white
I C j^'* J '~*;; ,3 — A 35c box we are selling now for 25c.
' BfeggJSl Maryland Face Cream 25c— It's not a cosmetic, but a
j I ISsm&^S&ji f ace food — the 40c jars are marked now at 25c.
Mermen's Talcum Powder 15c — It's a standard article.
known and recognized everywhere as the best. A re-
freshing preparation to use after shaving or bathing.
Juvenile Toilet Soap, 25c a .-box.'
• There are three cakes in a box. Asa rule they sell 15c a cake, but every .
once in a while we stir up things by selling 3 cakes for 25c.
Child's Tr i md Hats To-day s
And Save Much Money. v
We take a great pride in our T f 20 HatS, f? M I
Misses' and Children's Milli- LOI I . marked Vt).VV
nery. : -" : ,We study it along sep- -•• O kh + A
arate lines from grown-up hats, I ft f II 3t> natS, <M JZ
Maybe that -accounts for the Lr Ul 11. marked W»Ld
pride other folks take in it. - j lit 22 HatS, ([1 7C
However, it's quite an art to LOt 111 marked Vl«^3
give the girls' hats a touch _ — ; _ : : £
and tone of youth. ; But we've accomplished it. Now to : add
emphasis to the occasion : •
We've Lessened Prices on 77 Hats.
TnT I «3AO Now— Here you'll find beavers trimmed with large silk bows, vel-
lM *.£i .^'""-nnets and fur felts; all fully trimmed with splendid materials-
Tn+ TT #2 Now — velvet poke shapes and velvet flats— all trimmed
L °with silk ribbon-some Persian effects, others in bow knots-set off with
¦ ¦ buckle and I. I I HI i TlQiniWTlinjnWPsWl '¦ .
lot 111 »1.25 Now^-Pretty felt hats— the felt Is not as good as that used In
our^(W-haS, .^urthey are trimmed Just as^arefully and stylishly.
College Ribbons—Decorations I
'. _ : Ball Game Accessories
The cardinal, the blue and gold is everywhere manifest to-day about
tore We've even devoted a window to them. ..'¦.. ' . ¦
HORNS are 10c and 15c. " -STOCKINGS ' 50c— blue or go, |
RIBBONS, blue and gold, 5c up. (fancy).
-.: • F Jn L £,y ttyfes* I: °°- blUe "^ •¦»** -DECORATING .BUNTING 5C5 C yard. «
Men's Fleeced Underwear 75c. i
food $1.00 Garments — They are not the ordinary cotton kind, but have a!
silk fleecing that so many men — come in very pretty shades of pink
and blue — sizes to begin with — no more when these are gone. 75c now
buys a full dollar's worth of comfort and satisfaction. . * :
Men's White Handkerchiefs 7c.
They, are hemstitched — about 200 dozen of them in the lot— surprising
value. I.''1 .' '; '. " -'¦'-' ' '' •• ¦ _^_^^^_^___ ; '¦•••>.'•-'.. • •¦¦ - ' • ¦'•-'¦'' I
FIGHT AGAINST
ASIATIC LABOR
Special Committee Pre
pares for Exclusion
Convention.
The special committee of the Board of
Supervisors appointed to make arrange
ments for holding a Chinese exclusion
convention in this city November 21 met
yesterday afternoon in the Mayor's office.
The reports presented to the committee
indicate that gyreat interest is being man
ifested throughout the State in the pro
posed convention.
The secretary of the committee reporte-J
that a large number of replies to the call
for a convention have been received and
that many of the most prominent citizens
in the State were enlisted in the work oi
securing the re-enactment of the law pre
venting cheap Asiatic labor from coming
into this country. The reports showel
that the city and county officials in th-3
interior of the State have selected dele
gates to attend the convention, as also
have many commercial bodies, improve
ment clubs and trade and labor unions.
All indications point to the convention
being numerously attended and in being
most successful in arousing public Inter •
est in the tight.
After the committee had discussed the
question of Chinese exclusion in its vari
ous phases the proposition was made to
divide the subject into parts and to lnvit*
specialists to prepare papers on separate
topics for presentation to the convention.
Specialists will be selected to consider the
industrial phase of Chinese immigration,
the Chinese as non-consumers of Ameri
can products and as competitors of Amer
ican labor. An interesting programme
has been.outlined.
Among the prominent men who^hav-*
signified their intention of being present
is ex-Congre3sman Thomas J. Geary, the
author of the present law. Congressman
Woods is engaged in gathering material
for an address on the exclusion act. Ex-
Speaker of the Assembly Alden Anderson
of Suisun will also take part in the con
vention.
STJPERIOB JUDGES FAIL
TO ELECT COMTttISSIONER
Six of the Judiciary Vote for Dr. C.
D. McGettigan and Six for Dt.
Regensburger.
At the meetinz of the Judges of th«
Superior Court held in the chambers of
Presiding Judge Dunne yesterday after
noon no selection was made for the posi
tion of Lunacy Commissioner, made va
cant by the death of Dr. Wendell.
The names of a number of doctors were
voted upon, but none of the medical men
had votes enough to secure the place
The contest settled into a battle between
Drs. Regensburger and McGettigan Six
ballots were taken, and at the end of the
sixth both McGettigan and Regensburger
had 6 votes each. Seven votes are neces
sary to secure the place. The Judges will
meet again next Tuesday, when It is ex
pected that the deadlock will be broken
Memorial Church Tfrzaar Closes.
The. three days' .bazaar in Masonic HalV
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South
San Francisco, closed last night. Tho
entertainment, both from a financial and
social point of view, was a success Th >
attendance last night was much larger
than on any previous occasion The la
die* .having charge of the booths were
kept busy in waiting on customers and in
disposing of the many curios and fancy
articles. The refreshment booth where
lemonade, ice cream and other daintle,
were sold, was liberally patronized A
handsome sum will be realised from th»
bazaar to assist in liquidating the indebtl
edness of the Memorial Presbyterian
Church, on Sixteenth avenue, of which
Rev. Herbert N. Bevier is pastor
Selling out. Best eyeglass- and specs, 10c
to «c, at 81 4th. front barber and grocery.'
bK? Ei^b 4k^4lVhh t
SPECIAL BARGAINS I
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TIESD
TOMATOES, Extra Peeled, 4 cans: .. '^ \
' Tomatoes Special '¦ Saturday Only.
FAIRBANKS' GOLD DUST, 3-lb pkg- -
- Gold Dust Saturday. Only. : ; •' f
No telephone orders will be taken at \
matoes and . Gold Dust - alone. ¦"'- ' \
CHOICE POINT REYES CREAMERY, sq.
'• Good value '¦ for 50c. > ' ' - *.'<"-
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square :50fc
' Fine ; Butter ' our ¦ motto. Reg , SOc. .'.¦¦» ?
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen ... . . 25c
'- Guaranteed. Re* 35c. -¦¦-'¦
BEST MISSION E66S, dozen. ¦% . . . . 40c
•"¦* Gathered dally. Reg 47' 2 c. ".
cW e WHITE BEANS.; 6 IBS ..;;... . 25c
Old Port and Sherry, In stone jug, s -gal. 75c .
r *.- Extra fine.- Reg »1. -"¦ • •
RAISINS, Cleaned Currants,
Extra Seedless, pkg^v. : : . . . . I2^c
Seeded Raisins, 3 pkg3 25c. ' "• "¦.-
Table Fruits, New Pack, 3 2Mb. cans.so? »
-.Peaches, Pears. Apricots; extra quality. *
Reg 25c can. '-• •- '-. - -vr" T .'. -
MACKENZIE SCOTCH WHISKY, at. bot . 85r/
J. Good . for : breaking up a cold. — '•' "*, % "¦¦'-
• ; Extra special. Reg )1 15. '.¦ ¦-¦¦:¦¦¦ -,'-.''•• -Is
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg, :.....'v.^;;..|25cl
"•:--Reg.llsc.": ,¦.•-%.,¦-**"'"• .-..\'L-r, ¦:¦'""¦ • ". V
BALTIMORE BEST COVE OYSTERS, 3 cns.ssc \
Regr 12%c-can. • -;; ¦-.-,.. -.^ . ...
PURE GAL? OLIVE OIL, quart h0t , . . : . 75e
, ' - ; Warranted; El 1 Pearl farm. : J: ?
¦ > --R€g;il.^Pt,bot'«c,ireg:6oc. .. - 1
Potatoes, Extra Choice Burtanks; b0x.5!,25
•¦ ¦ Reg $1 75. Limit one box. • ¦ -- .» ,-
IMPORTED:SAIiDINES;'3- tins :.:v:. 25c
' Flag brand. Reg 12Uc. v
NEWJXTRA SUGAR CO)n, 3 cans ... 25c
MONO6R AM 0. P. WHISKY, gal . smo
Special request, s. Reg $3 50. ° ¦ *. .
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb. sack 80c
- Lay in your winter's ! supply.-. . v
« Market will advance '¦Re* 90c
mum KITCHEN SOAP! UikK.. 2sc
• Beit Sand' Soap. Reg,; Be 'cake." -"?
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS WS
: -J- Can take advantage of these "apecUr' salea.
; We ship free. of charge within 100 miles on ,
» J i all « orders « exceeding . $5. Ask i for > monthly : . >
¦*'.;¦ price list— free. ; ; r /-, - .-. --':¦:•...;-: : i ¦¦ •
yjjyv^. 1348-13-4 Street. "
Opp. Seventh. S. 292. .-No Branch , Store*.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and - Dyspepsia
DRINK
VICHY
] Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
.'. ;•!; aao broadwat. N. T. -..', 'Pl*' '
•* B HlHs^^ssssM * *arf^^issfm ss^lW sssss*y^^ JK ?, •
! Isr aH 9sstsl^iSntlßlfllKßtasl iS "V
B^B HAIR
Hlf! Balsam
| Promotes the growth of the hair and \
grlres It tiie lustre and BlUdaeaso<yootliL
% When tba hair Is gray or fade,! it -
BUNGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. S
1; It prevents Dandruff aim Hajp omng ; I
¦ and keeps toe scalp clean and Wealthy. ' -' :
g*-'TI-T>T*>*>">l>^-t">-f»->->UH.t.ti-fcg *-'Tl-T>T*>*>">1>^-t">-f»->->UH.t.ti-fc- t i %% i tfc%^j
cafe mumm
i^friMTAr^H rrt *,"'*'**fl7" "^Hr*- an<4
BaQQH val!Ma)Ch««h*ltt»«