PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 144.
SAN FJRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER. 22, ,1901.
Convention Raises
Money Necessary
to Force the Issue
O'Brien Declines to
Extend the Time
for Taking Land
Sessions of the First
Day Develop a
Unique Episode
Seekers for Ores
Have Busy Time
in Various Wavs
MINERS MAKE ENERGETIC MOVE
TO SECURE YUBA DAM OPTION
Continued on Page Seven.
"Evidently they felt perfectly secure,
though somewhat disappointed at missing
the cashier's vault, where there was $35,
000 in cash and a great quantity of
stamps. I cannot tell now how many, men
worked at the Job. Every effort will of
course be made to recover the property
and capture the men who took it."
"The space under the vault Is large
enough to allow a man to stand upright,
and their work must have been compara
tively easy with the drills and steel saws
which they used. The stamps were ar
ranged in twenty-pound bundles, and the
weight of the load they carried off must
have been £00 pounds. Evidently one man
handed the packages down to others wait
ing below. As their progress must have
been slow carrying even one bundle
through all those tunnels, crawling on all
fours, I judge they worked for hours get
ting their booty to the wagon.
"In this the robbers broke two holes,
possibly to secure more air, for the place
undoubtedly was very foul, or to have an
extra place of egress in case of discovery.
For light they used dry batteries, one of
which they left behind. This battery one
of my men discovered. It and the wagon
tracks are the only clews we have at pres
ent.
Burglars Make Air Holes.
••It was the largest stamp robbery ever
done in the history of the postal service
in this country. To get to- the ,vault tha
men entered through a trap door. A few
feet In they encountered a brick wall,
\u25a0which they dug through rather than prowl
around looking for a clearer route. Tho
wall, like others under the building. Is of
flimsy construction and It could not have
taken them long to pick their way
through it. A hundred feet or so farther
on they ran against another wall and this
they also dug through.' On the way they
also encountered a number of pipes, and
as the floors are but two feet and in some
places three feet above the ground, they
tunneled under the pipes. Their whole
course Is plainly marked In this way. The
wholesale stamp vault, like the cashler'3
vault and the money order vault, Is sup
ported by a brick wall. It forms a square,
and before the robbery was airtight.
C. F. Spaulding, chief clerk of the
wholesale stamp department, discovered
the robbery when he opened the vault at
7:50 o'clock. ' The safe had been locked
with contents apparently secure at 5 p. m.
Saturday. Spaulding nctifled Postoffico
Inspector Stuart, who hurried from hl3
home and at once began an Investigation,
assisted by his deputies and a squad of
detectives from the City Hall. After com
pleting the search the Inspector said:
Of the $74,610 in stamps taken $4712 were
in "postage due" stamps and $2600 in spe
cial delivery stamps. So the convertible
stamps amounted to $57,828, but of these
$4828 were Pan-American stamps of 8 and
10 cent denominations.
Discovers the Bobbery.
Having secured their plunder the rob
bers loaded it into the wagon, drove
across a vacant lot and turned into "Wa
bash avenue' In front of the Art building.
The robbers drnye-up to. the - southeast
corner of the postofflce in a wagon,, the
tracks of which could be plainly seen
to-day. The building Is a temporary af
fair and the men had only to open a
little door to admit themselves under tha
flooring. Te reach the vault it was neces
sary to crawl about 300 feet over odds and
ends of boards which littered the way.
The route evidently had been carefully
studied, for a detective who went under
to-day without knowledge of locations be
came lost and was nearly overcome by the
foul odors before assistance reached him.
So carefully had the job been planned
that men working in other parts of the
building had not the slightest inkling of
the daring robbery being worked almost
under their noses.
Haid Is Carefully Planned.
The work of forcing an entrance to the
vault had evidently been going forward
with the greatest patience for many days.
It is believed, however, that the inten
tion of the thieves had been to enter
the cashier's vault. In which there was
$35,000 In money 'and stamps valued at
hundreds of thousands of dollars. The
bottom of the vault is of steel, half an
inch thick. In this ninety-seven holes
were bored until a space eighteen inches
square— just enough to allow the entrance
of a man's body— had been so weakened
€hat it was possible to take out the whole
plate -without difficulty. A dry goods bos
stood over the hole thus made and con
cealed the. work of the robbers -while it
was In progress. When discovered to-day
the finger marks of one of the burglars
were still discernible on the dust of>the
box, which- he had pushed to one side.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— A sensational rob
bery, which netted the perpetrators $74,610
In stamps* was discovered here this morn-
Ing when the wholesale stamp department
of the postofflce was opened for business.
A Tapid investigation developed the fact
that the burglars had crawled under the
flooring for about 300 feet, bored a hole in
the bottom of the vault, secured the
stamps and escaped, carrying their booty
In a wason.
Itobhers Crawl Under the Building
for Three Hundred. Feet and
Cut Their Way Through,
Brick Walls. . \u25a0 'i\
Stamps Valued at $74,610
Are Secured and Safely
Carted Away.
Burglars Tunnel Under a
Vault and Secure a
Fortune.
BOLD RAID
ON CHICAGO
POSTOFFICE
There were two sessions only of the
convention yesterday. In the usual course
of . things committees on credentials and
resolutions were appointed. The former
committee reported that there were 573
delegates who were entitled to seats on
the floor ; as representing county associa
tions and commercial bodies, and these
were apportioned as follows:
'Nevada County, 67; San Francisco, 70; Shas
ta, 80; Amador, ' 43; Calaveras, "44; Placer, 42;
Sierra, 24; Alameda, \21; El Dorado, 21; Butte,
20;. Yuba, 14; Tuolumne, 5; Fiumas, 5; Santa
Clara, 5;, Kern, 5; San Bernardino, 5; Fresno,
5;- Solano, \u25a0 5; J3an Luis Obispo, 4; Marin, 5;
Slsklyou, '5; Mariposa, 5; Inyo, 5; Santa.Bar
bara, 1; Southern California Branch Associa
tion, 7; Southwest Mines, 5; California Petro
leum Miners' Association,- 10; San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, 5; California State
Board of Trade, 5; Sacramento -Chamber of
Commerce, 5; Fresno Chamber of Commerce, 5;
Los.Ang-eles Chamber of 'Commerce. 5: Cali
fornia State Mining Bureau, '5; California De
bris Commission," 3; Trinity,', 3.
The committees were made "up as fol
lows: \u25a0
: On, motion of Judge Belcher of San
Francisco the committee received the
thanks of the convention and was In
structed to pursue the matter further. It
was necessary to visit the California De
bris Commission, and this the committee
did at once. There the date of the expira
tion of the O'Brien lease was discussed.
The committee was authorized to find
O'Brien and to offer him the $2500, and
the committeemen went out on that mis
sion immediately after the adjournment
of the conference in Colonel Heuer's of
fice. A report will be made to the con
vention to-day as to the success of that
part of the work of the committee.
$100; F.-tf. Wehe, $100; J. M. Gleaves. $100; W.
C. Ralston, $100; Colonel George Stone, $100. To
tal, $3150. \V. C. RALSTON,
' LAFE PENCE,
A. CAMINETTI.
Seeking for O'Brien.
take a recess" to 2 o'clock, but this answer
of O'Brien's and the belief that' the option
might lapse before .the convention couM
act unless something was done v at once
put , the , delegates in favor of meeting
again at 1- o'clock and. of . appointing a
committee to try to raise the $2500 needed
to tie O'Brien's option up securely. There
was' some discussion concerning parlia
mentary procedure at this point, but the
convention adhered to^its plan 'of having
the necessary committee named at once
and President Voorheis appointed W.' C.
Ralston, Lafe Pence and A. . Camlnetti aa
the members of the committee. ' ' .'\u25a0'\u25a0 :
The great importance of the Yuba River
works, for which the State-' has appro
priated $400,000 and the national Govern
ment $250,000,. with the prospect of an ad
ditional appropriation of $150,000, was so
apparent that when the convention met in
the afternoon the announcement that was
made by President Voorheis that the com
mittee had already ; secured the ; needed
coin during* the recess was answered by
applause, from all parts of the ' house.
Soon \u25a0 after that the committee's report
was received, which is 'as follows:
For Benefit of Miners.
To the President 'and Members of the ICali
fornia Miners' Association, Gentlemen: Your
committee begs leave to report that in the lim
ited time assigned it was Impossible ; to visit
many .merchants and citizens who would have
donated to this fund had they had the oppor
tunity. The following named firms and citizens
contributed the. amount- set opposite their' re
spective names:
North Bloomfleld Mining Company, $500; Cal
ifornia Powder Works, $500; Eureka Lake Min
ing and Water.. Company,. $250;. Joshua*; Hendy
Machine Works, -$100; Calaveras; M.' W. and P.
Company, $100; .' Miller,' . SIoss & Scott, $200;
Dunham, Carrlgan A: Hayden Company, $200;
Baker & Hamilton, . $200 ; Harron/ ] Rickard &
McCone, . $100 ; -. Henphaw, \u25a0 Bulkeley & Co. ; \u25a0-. $100 ;
John Roebllng Sons Company, $100; Mining and
Scientific; Press, $100; W.'W. Montague & Co.,
$100; A. Camlnetti. $100; •William Nichols' Jr.,
The first steps taken to aid the miners was
by the State Legislature in making an appro
priation of $230,000, and 'the national Congress
appropriated j a like sum -for the . construction
of barriers to restrain the debris already in the
ravines and channels which feed navigable
rivers, and also to permit the resumption of
hydraulic mining under certain restrictions.
The Federal * engineers comprising the Call-
It is estimated that more than $300,000,000
in gold is locked up In the gravel hills / of
Placer, Nevada and Sierra counties which could
be liberated and put into circulation If some
means . could be devised to prevent injury to
the adjacent lands.
Gentlemen of the California Miners' Associ
ation: Ten years ago a number of hydraulic
miners met in the city of Auburn, Placer
County, to see if some means could not bo
devised whereby hydraulic mining might be
resumed without material injury to the farm-
Ing lands and navigable rivers of the State.
The outgrowth of that meeting was the organi
zation of the •California Miners' Association,
and this meeting to-day Is the tenth annual
convocation. - .
President Voorheis said
The President's Address.
Resolutions— W. C. Ralston, chairman; "W. F.
Englebright, Nevada: E. A. -Belcher, San Fran-
Cisco; J. H. Tibbits, Shasta;*W. A. Pritchard,
Amador; Jacob H. Neff,. Placer; Frank R.
Wehe, Sierra; A. W. Bishop, Alameda; H. E.
Pickett, El Dorado; A. Ekman. Butte; Joseph
Durfer, Yuba; "W. H. McCHntoek. Tuolumne;
S. S. Taylor, Plumas; Thomas Derby, I Santa
Clara: A. T. Lightner, Kern; Frank Monaghan,
San Bernardino; A. R. Briggs, Fresno; A. C.
Holly, Solano; Victor H. Woods, San Luis Obis
po; John F. Boyd, Marin; A. I. Myers, Slskl
you; A. H. Ward, Mariposa; J. J. Gunn, Inyo;
J. H. Harrington, Santa Barbara; I*. E. Au
bury. Southern H. Z. Osborne,
Southwest Miners' Association; J. M. Gleaves,
California Petroleup Miners' Association; R.
H. Herron, Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce; J. F. Parks, State Mining Bureau; .A.
C. Hinkson, Sacramento Chamber of Commerce;
Thomas Rlckard, San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce; Craisie Sharp, State Board of Trade;
John McMurray, Trinity; William Thomas, Cal
ifornia Water and Forest Association; Colonel
Heuer, California Debris Commission; J. S. Mc-
Bride, 'Nevada; James Irving, Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce.
Adam I. Moore and Frank Yale were
elected sergeants-at-arms.
The speechmaking of the day brought
out many statements that were pleasing
to the miners. The address of principal
importance to the delegates was that
made by President Voorheis, which was
somewhat in the nature of a report and
contained recommendations for the good
of the association. He suggested the ap
pointment of a committee to revise the
by-laws of the association, so that every
member who contributes annual dues to
carry on the work shall be entitled to
take part in the association's annual con
ventions in thi3 city. ' -
.Credentials— "W. *.'H.'* McCUntock, Tuolumne
County; <XH. ."Weatherwax, El Dorado County;
S. J." Hendy, San ' Francisco; \V. F. Engle
bright, Nevada County; A. G. Meyers, Slski
you County; "William Nlcholls. Placer County;
A. H. Ward, Mariposa County; J. M. Gleaves,
California Petroleum Miners' Association; A.
Ekman, Butte County; J. F. Parks, Amador
Countyj A. R. Briggs, Fresno County; W. C.
Ralston, Calaveras County; Joseph Durfee,
Yuba County; A. \V. Bishop, Alameda County;
M. E. Dittman, Shasta County; Frank R.
"Wehe, Sierra County; L,. E. Aubrey, Southwest
Miners' Association; A. G. Llghtner, Kern
County," and H. J. Osborne, Southern Califor
nia. ' •
/ Immense Insurance Policy.
DCX.UTH, Minn., Oct. 21.— The writing
of an insurance policy for $20,000,000, cov
erlr.g all the property of the Northern
Pacific Railroad subject to fire, has been
secured by a local agent
Land Lottery Winner Is Dead. .
LAWTOX, O. T., Oct 2L— James R,
Woods, who drew the capital prize In the
Lawton land district at the El Reno lot
tery last August and settled a claim val
ued at nearly $50,000, Is dead of typhoid
fever, after a brief Illness.
Termer Residents of the Transvaal
Discredit Rumor of General
Dewet's Death.
FRETORIA, Oct. 2L— Twelve more Boer
leaders, including Commandant Scheep
ers, -whose capture was announced Octo
ber 12, have been permanently banished
from South Africa.
THE HAGUE. Oct. 2L— The former resi
dents of the Transvaal who are now in
thirs city entirely discredit the rumors of
the death of General Dewet emanating
fro:n Durban, Xatai.
LEADERS OF THE BOERS
ABE SENT INTO EXILE
be granted that can be conveyed to any one
else. The . settling basin spoken of is quite, a
distance from their ' lower barrier and I am
not prepared to give them the right to bank
tailings upon that land twenty feet high, as
Colonel Heuer claims he would do, thus raising
the plane of the river and endangering all the
land I own south of the seepage.
There would be no objection to a reasonable
amount. In short, I am as anxious those dams
should be built as I ever was and will put no
Impediment In their way as long as my rights
and the rights of my people are ' not Jeopar
dized.
When the letter had been read the dele
gates to the convention were of the opin
ion that they would like to hear what
Mr. O'Brien would say to questions to be
asked to define his exact position. The
secretary told them that O'Brien was In
the hall. In response to a request by
President Voorheis O'Brien; went to the
stage and spoke.
He supplemented his letter that had
just "been read. He said that, when ho
agreed to give an option on the land he
understood that it was to • be used for
a settling- basin, but when he was told
by Colonel Heuer that the tailings would
bank up twenty feet he was opposed. He
also said that he had never agreed to
convey the land, but had merely, offered
to give an easement to the United States.
Colonel Heuer told him that what the
Government wanted was an absolute deed.
He did not wish to be shutout two miles
from the river and he had withdrawn the
option for the reasons that he had stated.
Tha delegates listened attentively and
respectfully to O'Brien's statement of his
side of the case and then Pence asked:
- "Would you be willing to extend the
option three days?"
"No," answered O'Brien, decidedly, "not
as it stands, but I would if certain reser
vations were put In."
The convention had already voted to
Convention Moves Quickly.
PRESIDENT VOORHEIS OF THE CALIFORNIA MINERS' ASSOCIATION DELIVERING HIS ANNUAL ADDRESS
AND SOME OF THE PROMINENT MEN. WHO ARE IN ATTENDANCE UPON THE CONVENTION WHICH IS
BEING HELD IN GOLDEN GATE HALL. '' . .\u25a0 '
WASHINGTOX, Oct. 21.— "This is very
Eurprisingr news," said K. TsudzukI, form
er Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Japan, at the headquarters of Marquis
Ito at the Arlington Hotel to-day, when
shown the press dispatches from Yoko
hama stating that Marquis Ito's party has
initiated a strong movement to overthrow
the Japanese Cabinet. "I can say authori
tatively," he continued, "that such a
movement has not the sanction of the
Marquis himself and that he has no desire
to witness the downfall of the present
Cabinet. When we left Japan political
affairs there were practically peaceful,
ard I do not believe the movement will
prove to be a very formidable one. We
have had no Information to believe that
such a thing was imminent"
YOKOHAMA. Oct. 21.— The Marquis
It.o's party has Initiated a. strong move
ment to overthrow the Cabinet. ' Import
ant political developments are anticipated.
Marquis Ito's Party Said to Have
Instigated a Gigantic Po
litical Sensation.
ICOVEHEltfT TO OVEETHBOW
THE JAPANESE CABINET
Any lands which I own or are owned by any
companies that I represent can be. used by the
United States Government for the purpose of
bulldlngr barriers free of charge. No rights will
Secretary Benjamin also had a surprise
in store for the convention. He .had re
ceived a letter from O'Brien, and this he
read. It was dated at Smartsville, Octo
ber 9, 1901, and set foTth that O'Brien was
as anxious as he ever had been that the
dam should be built, but he also described
his grounds for raising aji objection to
the conditions that he thought were detri
mental to. him, as follows:
President Voorheis had successively in
troduced Governor Gage and Mayor Phe
lan and they had welcomed the miners
from the many counties of the State In
well turned phrases that were pleasing
and encouraging. The committee on cre
dentials had been named by the chair and
the proceeding's of the first day were run
ning along in a routine way. Just at this
point Lafe. Pence, who was sitting beside
ex-President W. C. Ralston at the left
of the Dresident in the body of the hall,
arose and made a statement that for the
time dwarfed the interest in all other top
ics before the convention.
Mr. Pence said that he had been Jn
communication with the members of the
California Debris Commission, consisting
of the United States • engineers in San
Francisco, for two days. He had, Just
before the opening of. the convention,
read the contract or option that had been
signed by Mr. O'Brien, and he had dis
covered that the Instrument was dated
October 22, 1900, and that it provided that
a payment of $2500 must be made in one
yeax from the date mentioned. There
was in the contract the customary clause
that made time an essential part of the
consideration. Therefore the money must
be paid to O'Brien at once or the option,
that is of so much importance in the work
that will run up into hundreds of thou
sands of dollars of cost, would lapse.
This statement at once chained the at
tention of the convention. "The way to
attend to a thing," continued Pence, "ia
to act Quickly." •
The members acted with promptness
Justifying the emblems of vigor typified
by the picks, shovels and other adorn
ments of the hall. Pence suggested the
appointment of a committee to ' get the
money needed.
O'Brien Makes Statement.
THE ; convention of the California
Miners' Association, now in-ses
sion in this city, raised 52500 yes
terday through a committee to
pay James O'Brien, that # the op
tion he gave to the United States for
lands needed for a settling basin in con
nection with Yuba River dam might not
lapse. There was other business- before
the convention, but this was the matter
of emergency and it was promptly and
vigorously met. Indeed, before the con
vention had been properly organized, be
fore the committee on credentials had a
chance to report, O'Brien's case received
attention. O'Brien was in Golden Gate
Hall, where the deliberations of the con
vention were in progress. President Voor
hcis was in the chair, sitting under an
arch which was decorfcted in the center
with festooned American flags, at the
ends with crossed picks and shovels and
heroic figures of athletic young miners of
California.- The handsome banner of the
California Miners' Association was at his
right hand. . .
Lawyer Burke, when asked if his clients
vould be in danger of prosecution, said:
"I know of nothing which would indicate
t.iat the men would be prosecuted."
The bank for three days has been be
sieged by customers, but in every case
accounts were found to be correct. This
makes it impossible without an official
F^atement to ascertain wherein the men
v.ere short in their accounts. Smith was
under $30,009 bond," but Swift, as book
keeper, was not supposed to handle money
and -was not bonded.
Several of the directors have stated that
they do not expect Smith or Swift to re
turn here.
Interest for the moment centers in the
pursuit of Smith and Swift and- to-night
it was understood that United Stales ofli
eers had found near this city the men's
hiding place. An immediate arrest wa3
expected, without regard to the probable
inaction of the bank directors. It is gen
erally believed the men were in Boston
until this morning and that they are now
some distance away. Smith had corre
eponded with Montreal persons and it is
thought he has cone there.
The loot from the bank vaults was re
turned in carpet bags delivered at the
bai.k very early this morning:, after the
bank directors had been in conference at
a hotel with lawyers John C. Burke of
this city and Charles Y»\ Barilett of Bos
ton, representing: the men. What the ar
rangement was by which the bank got the
greater part of the plunder will not be
stated, but the happiness of all the bank's
officers, displayed without reserve, indi
cates the seriousness of the situation be
fDre the agreement.
Ho Disposition to Prosecute.
LOWELL, Mass.. Oct. 2L— The financial
troubles -which have caused great sus
pense to the officers of the Merchants'
National Bank for three days, in conse
quence of the disappearance of its teller,
Albert G. Smith, and its bookkeeper,
Lewis H. Swift, practically were smoothed
out to-day. The bank has lost about
J115.000. The directors officially state this,
and at the same time say they have had
returned "valuable securities."
The bank's less, it Is understood, is
made up of two items: First, the steal
ings of the two men during the past two
years, as shown now by the books, and
secondly, that part of the cash included
in the loot retained by Smith and Swift
:as the price of their bargain to return
th© securities.
The valuable securities which have been
recovered represented bonds, notes and
other negotiable papers and bunches of
money, all supposed to have been taken
from the bank vault just prior to the tinie
•the men disappeared on Thursday night.
The securities returned amount to $S00,O00.
Smith Goes to Montreal.
Xirecters of the Looted Institution
Stow No Disposition to Arrest
or Prosecute the Thiev
ing 1 Employes.
Fugitive Bank Teller and
Bookkeeper, However, Re
tain a Fortune.
Beturn Eight Hundred
Thousand Dollars*
of Securities.
ABSCONDERS
NAME THEIR
OWN TERMS
The San Francisco Call.LONDON, Oct. 21.— The American line
steamer St. Louis, which will sail from
Southampton : for New York Saturday
next, will take among her passengers Mr.
and Mrs. Andrew Carnegie, Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador to the Unit
ed States, and Lady Pauncefote.
Carries Distinguished Passehg-ers.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No Cure, No Pay. AH druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazo Ointment
to refund . money where it falls to cure any
caso of piles, no matter of how long standing.
Cures ordinary cases in eix days; the worar
cases in fourteen days. One application gives
ease and rest. • Relieves itching instantly. This
is a new discovery and is the only pile remedy
sold on a positive guarantee, no cure no pay.
A free sample will be sent by mail to any one
tending their name and address. Price, 50c. If
your druggist don't keep It in stock send us 60c
In stamps and we will forward a full size box
by mail. Manufactured by Paris Medicine Co.,
St.Louls,Mo.,who also manufacture the celebra
ted cold cure, Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— In the United
States Supreme Court to-day two opinions
were handed down by Justice Shiraa, sus
taining the State law of Tennessee mak
ing store orders redeemable in cash. One
of the opinions upheld the law as applied
to State corporations and the other is ap
plied . to foreign corporations. Justices
Brewer and Peckham dissented in both
cases, .c '\u25a0".-• r-: \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0 . •
State Law Sustained.
German Papers Consolidated.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 21.— The Dally An
zeiger and the Daily Zeltung, evening
German papers, were to-day purchased
by Colonel Max Burgheim* and merged
into the Daily Abend Pressue, the after
noon edition of Der Prele Presse. This
means that there will be only one Ger
man afternoon paper here in olace of
three. There are still three morning Ger
man dailies in this city.
Approved by Sheldon.
TOPEKA, Kan., Oct. 21.— The Rev.
Charles M. Sheldon, author of "In His
Steps," said to-day regarding the action
of President Roosevelt in inviting Booker
T. Washington to dine with him: "I am
glad we have a President who will do such
things. Mr. Roosevelt has done more to
obliterate sectional prejudice and race ha
tred than a generation of writing and agi
tation could do-"
Big Liner Goes Aground.
HAMBURG, Oct. 21.— The Hamburg-
American liner Phoenicia, Captain Froe
llch, from New. York, on her way up the
Elbe, grounded at Schulau to-day. She is
lighterimr.
. DALLAS,'- Tex., Oct. 21.— Former Gov
ernor Hogg and James W. Swayne are
in New York City. to interest capital in
the formation of a blgr combination of all
the Independent oil producera of the Beau
mont field who have the means , of hand
ling: the oil as individual concerns. The
capitalization of these independent com
panies approximates $100,000,000.
Forming a Big- Oil Combination.
WAWONA, Oct. 21.— Secretary J. J. Ler
man of the Yosemite Valley Commission,
having been sent here by the Commission
ers to select a tree in the Mariposa Big
Tree grove to be named "William Mc-
Kinley," visited tha Big Trees to-day, ac
companied by W. B. Hamilton, John Jack
son and J. J. McCarthy of San Francisco
and F. E. Whitney of Oakland. Many
trees were looked at, but after deliberat
ing- a tine sequoia that stands between
"Washington" and "Lincoln" was select
ed as the tree wnich will be known as
"William McKinley." It is estimated to
be 3000 years old.
"Washington", and "Lincoln"
the One Selected. \
Yosemite Tree That Stands Between
GIANT SEQUOIA TO TAKE
THE 1TAME OF McKINLEY
Greely's Inspection Abroad.
, LONDON, Oct. 21^— Brigadier General A.
W. Greely, chief of the United States
Signal Office, has arrived here after five
months spent in Japan and the Philip
pines, Inspecting the army and navy tele
graphs and cables. After making some
official investigations in London in connec
tion with the cable service he will return
to Washington. The general is greatly
pleased with the efficiency of the six
thousand miles of cable and telegraph
lines now working In the Philippines. He
considers that the country and people
both offer great possibilities, and he is
enthusiastic over the Japanese tele
graphic systems.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.-The State De
partment has been informed by Consul
Caldwell at San Jose that new duties on
boots and shoes imported Into Costa Rica
have been imposed which are much in ex
cess of any heretofore in force, and are
practically prohibitive.
Costa Rica Imposes Excessive Duties.
VIENNA, Oct. 21.— The failure of tha
Boden Credit Bank at Oudenburg, Hun
gary, led to a singular suicide. Manager
Schladerer. whose extensive defalcations
caused the failure, made a confession to
his wife, who handed him a pistol and ad
vised him to kill himself, which he did
His wife will be arrested as an accessory
to the act.
Wife Aids the Suicide.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 21.— Everything
Is progressing smoothly in the statehood
movement and the big • convention next
Saturday will be well attended. The
Board of Trade this evening listened to
the reports of committees on arrange
ments. A committee, consisting of Mayor
Talbot, Chairman Ford of the board, H.
I. Latham, J. W. Dorris and Vernon L.
Clark, was appointed to assist the Gov
ernor In the reception of Governor Otero
and party of New Mexico, who will be
present at the convention.
Statehood Movement Progressing.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— The Navy De
partment has received a telegram from
Lieutenant Commander E. J. Dorn, who
has been in charge of the naval station at
Tutuila. Samoa, during the absence of
Captain Tilley, upon the condition of af
fairs in the island.
Commander Dorn made a trip aboard
the Aberenda to the island of- Manua in
September. The chiefs and leading men
of Manua, says Commander Dorn, ex
tended to himself and his officers a very
cordial reception. During the stay on
Manua a case imjolving certain questions
of Samoan customs was amicably settled
and an increased friendly feeling amonqr
the natives of thia island for the United
States is reported apparent.
Samoan Chiefs Are Friendly.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— Candidates for the
"purple" at the consistory which the Pope
usually holds about Christmas time, ac
cording to the Rome correspondent of the
Pall Mall Gazette, are arising everywhere,
their numbers seeming to increase in pro
portion to the distance from Rome. The
United States, for instance, besides the
candidates of long standing— Archbishops
Corrigan and Ireland, who represent two
opposite tendencies in the American Ro
man Catholic church— has on this occasion
two additional for the red hat.
There are only four vacancies in the Col
lege of Cardinals, and the American pre
lates are thought to have few chances of
selection, as the Pope Is credited with a
determination not to have more than one
Cardinal in the United States.
Pope Tieo Is Said to Favor Having
but One Cardinal in the
United States.
rOXTR AMERICAN PRELATES
ASPIRE FOR THE RED HAT
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 21.— The fol
lowing apparently authorized statement
appears in the Times to-day, touching the
supposed candidacy of Henry Watterson
for the Governorship of Kentucky:
"Mr. Watterson has reason to be proud
of the response made by the press of the
country to a publication obviously hostile
in spirit and purpose which proclaimed
him a candidate consecutively for Gov
ernor of Kentucky and President of the
United States, but as he himself has ut
tered no word nor made any sign of
authorization he should not be held tq
account for any statement emanating
from such a source. Every man has a
right- to be his own mouthpiece and inter
preter. The editor of the Courier- Journal
has not been suspected of being intellect
ually either deaf or dumb, and doubtless
in his own time and in his own way ha
will acquaint the public with whatever It
may be concerned to know of his aims
and aspirations in case he has any."
Statement That He Is a Candidate
r Has Not Beceived His
Authorization.
WATTERSON STILL SILENT
CONCERNING PRESIDENCY
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 21.— Pat Crowe has
\u25a0written -another letter to me chief of po
lice. This latest communication from the
alleged kidnaper was mailed in Omaha,
and states that the much-wanted Pat
is secluded within twenty-five miles of
this city. The writer insists that unless
he is given assurance from the court that
his bond will not exceed $500 he will not
give himself up. The communication is
evidently written by the same man -.that
wrote a letter to the chief a week ago*
A brother of Pat Crowe and sister both
Identified the writing as that of the man
who has so long evaded the police and
detective forces of the country. They
profess to believe that \u25a0 their brother is
near- Omaha at this time.
Promises to Surrender if Given As
surance That His Bond
Will 3e Light.
FUGITIVE CEOWE AGAIN
WHITES TO THE POLICE
McHugh will- sail for New York with
John Redmond and John O'Donnell on the
steamer Majestic, which leaves' Queens
town Thursday. ' .
DUBLIN, Oct. 21.— Patrick A. McHugh,
member of Parliament for the North Di
vision of Leitrim, who was sentenced
April 23 to six months' imprisonment as a
first class misdemeanant for. publishing
in the newspaper, the Sligo Champion,
seditious libels calculated to interfere
with the administration of justice, was
released from Kilmainham jail to-day.
McHugh was accorded an enthusiastic re
ception by a large crowd of people, who
repeatedly cheered him and eagerly rush
ed forward to' shake hands with him. The
Lord Mavor of Dublin, Sir Thomas D.
Pile; a numerous deputation from Sligo,
and John O'Dowd, member, for South
Sligo, and John E. Connell, member for
South Mayo, were among those who wel
comed him to liberty. McHugh drove in
the Lord Mayor's carriage, followed by a
long procession of carriages, to a hotel,
where a luncheon was given in his honor.
Enthusiastic Crowds "Welcome Pat
rick A. McHugh When He Is
Restored to Liberty. ,,
POLITICAL PRISONER
RELEASED FROM. JAXL
Lieutenant Thomas F. Carter, while cor
recting his previous testimony, stated that
he desired to change that portion of his
answer to a auestion by the court, in
which he had said that the two after boil
ers of the Brooklyn had no water in them
when the battle began on the morning of
July 3. As corrected he desired the an
swer to read: "The two after boilers had
little or no water in them. Their fires
were not laid until after the battle calls
were sounded."
Ensign W. P. Cronan while on the stand
for the purpose of correcting his testi
mony stated that he had measured the dis
tance from the initial position of tha
Brooklyn to Rio Tanquino on July 3, and
found it to be twenty-three knots.
J. L. Hunley, the chief machinist on
the Texas, who last week testified that on
July 3 he was at the throttle of the port
engine of the Texas, while correcting, his
testimony was asked by Judge Advocate
Lemly as to what other machinist was
stationed in the port engine-room On the
day of the ba-.tle. ; The witness replied
that as soon as general quarters sounded
he relieved Machinist Hill. He stated in
reply to questions by Captain Lemly that
Claxton, who had testified- that he was
at the port engine on that day and that
the engine was reversed, was stationed
at the air pumps, back, of the engine.
Hunley said he kept his hand on the
Boilers of the Brooklyn.
In reply to a question from Raynor, the
witness said it took from the forenoon
watch of the 27th until the evening of the
28th, "working day and night," to make
the repairs on the Merrimac. He did not
know how long the vessel had been to
tally disabled. Captain Hannum desired
to make a statement concerning the testi
mony of another witness to the effect that
there was no water in two of the boilers
of the Brooklyn. As this statement did
not concern his own testimony, the court
ruled it out of order. •"
"She was in condition to make five knots
when I went on board. I did not give her
seven knots."
her boilers at all times while in the San
tiago blockade."
Captain Cook, was then excused and
former •witnesses were called to correct
their testimony. While Captain John L.
Hannum was on stand for the purpose of
correcting his testimony, the court asked
him the following question: . .
"How soon affer you went on board the
Merrimac wp.3 she able to use her own
power to make from five to seven knots?"
Lieutenant Wells, who was on the stand
when the court' adjourned Friday, was
then recalled and testified regarding the
battle of July 3. He said he did not re
member the ranges at which the Brook
lyn fired, but thought 1100 yards was the
shortest. He described the turn of the
Brooklyn and the chase after the Spanish
ships. When the Viscaya ran ashore the
Colon was about 10,000 yards ahead of the
Brooklyn, and for a time firing ceased.
He said that he had received orders to
get a quantity of rapid fire ammunition.
Owing to the character of the coast it
was expected that the Brooklyn and the
Colon would come to close quarters. He
was ordered to have this ammunition
ready to close with the Colon and give
her a rapid fire when they got close to
gether. He then described the chase and
the surrender of the Colon. He said he
had not seen the Texas when the Brook
lyn made her turn. At one time during
the battle, he said, the Brooklyn seemed
.to be. alone engaging three ships.
Whfcn Lieutenant Wells finished his de
scription of the battle the question of dis
patches was taken up.
A number of dispatches were shown to
the witness and he was asked as to their
receipt by Commodore Schley. One from
Secretary Long to the American Consul
at Kingston, .dated Washington, May 28,
saying that it must be delivered to Schley
at once and informing him (Schley) that
unless unsafe for his squadron the de
partment-wished him to remain off San
tiago, and asking if he could not take
possession of Guantanamo as a coaling
station; also a dispatch from Secretary
Long to Captain Cotton of the* Harvard,
dated Washington, May 29, inclosing dis
patches to Commodore Schley, telling him
to. hold on at all hazard, that the New
York, Oregon and New Orleans were on
the way; also two dispatches from Secre
tary. Long to the dispatch boat Harvard,
throttle of the' engine most of the time,
anrj did not think it possible that the
signal to stop or back could have been
given without his knowledge. ; «
Captain Lemly asked the witness if he
had been on the Texas when that vessel
ran aground at Newport. Raynor object
ed to this line of examination. Captain
Lemly stated that he desired to show
that the witness had misunderstood sig
nals then with disastrous results, and it
was possible he might have been mistaken
on the day of the battle. After a short
argument the court decided that the ques
tion was not admissible. v^
"Wells Again* on Stand.
BOSTON. Oct. 21.— Two pf the leading
banks of Boston, the Shoe and Leather
National and the National Bank of Re
demption, each with a capital of $1,000,000.
have decided to consolidate. The National
Bank of Redemption will absorb the Shoe
and Leather Bank, but President Toumiin,
of the latter will remain at the head of
the new institution. President Case of the
Redemption retiring 1 .
Two Banks Consolidate.
"WASHINGTON', Oct. 21.— The monthly
statement of the collection of internal
revenue issued by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shows that the total re
ceipts for September, 1901, were $21,Gu4,447.
a decrease as compared with September,
1900. of $1,843,366. The receipts of the sev
eral sources of revenue are given, as fol
lows: Spirits $9,402,002. increase $657,973;
tobacco $4,350,097, decrease $213,138; fer
mented liquors J3.901.4S5, decrease $D20,0C4;
oleomargarine $203,766, increase $15,8S4;
special taxes not elsewhere enumerated
J97.423, increase $13,158: miscellaneous $1,
649.373, decrease $1,438,209.
For the three months ending 1 September
30. 1S01. the total receipts show a falling 1
off of $4,417,052 from the figures for tho
corresponding period last year.
Receipts From Fermented Liquors
Drop Nearly a Million Dollars
During September.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS
SHOW MARKED DECREASE
The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York, left Canada this morning in the
presence of thousands of cheering specta
tors. A heavy snowstorm commenced
shortly before the Ophlr steamed away.
From the quarters of the Duke of. Teck
a gold watch 'vas stolen. The timepiece
had been owned by some member of the
house of Teck for four generations, and
was highly prized. A wallet containing
about 20 sovereigns was also stolen. . In
addition to. the officers and crew of the
Ophlr there were comparatively few per
sons on board apart from the members
of the royal party. On the invitation of
his Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall
and York a number of officials who had
manned the train conveying the royal
party to Halifax dined on board the
Ophir. The Duke's guests included Sir
Wilfrid Laurier and several of the fed
eral Ministers. . The theft was not discov
ered until some time after the guests had
left the ship. Not the slightest dew has
been obtained to the Identity of the thief.
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. 21.— A sensation
has been caused here by the discovery
that a robbery was perpetrated yesterday
on board the royal yacht Ophir. The best
detectives in Canada have been working
f.or the past twenty-four hours on what
fs proving to be a very puzzling'case.
Iruke of Teck Loses a Watch "Which
Has Been in His Family for
Generations. -_
DARING THIEF VISITS
THE ROYAL YACHT OPHIJR
"Am I right in saying that you perhaps
saw more or as much of Commodore
Schley during the whole of this Spanish
war as any one else and came in contact
with him as much as anybody?"
"I saw him daily and all through each
day, generally speaking."
"Did you see him during the time of the
reconnoissance on May 31?" •-
"Yes, sir."
"Did you see him frequently during the
day of the battle of July 3?" :
"No, sir. I only saw him during the
chase of the Colon."
"Did you see him. during any of the
bombardments?"
"I saw him during one of them, exactly
which one I cannot distinctly recollect."
"What was his general bearing, conduct
and manner on 'any day in which there
was a battle or any other time?"
"So far as my observation went he was
thoroughly fearless and self-possessed on
all occasions."
"Was he at any time within your knowl
edge laboring under any mental excite
ment?"
"No, sir."
In reply to a question by Captain Lem
ly Lieutenant Wells said that with the
Brooklyn headed as she was and with
the harbor trending as it does it was
natural that the Spanish vessels coming
out of the harbor should face the Brook
lyn.
Cool Conduct of Schley.
dore Schley ; "that the most absolutely im
portant thing to know now is whether the
Spanish fleet is in Santiago," etc., was
shown the witness. He stated that it
had been received by Commodore" Schley
on May 30. The Colon had been discovered
in the "harbor of Santiago by Commodore
Schley on the morning of the 29th of May.
Raynor at this point exhibited a«chart
upon which there were notations regard
ing the. soundings taken in the vicinity
of Santiago harbor and the strength ot
the batteries there, this information being
given as of date April 5, 1S98.
"Now, give me the date the Navy
Department issued the order which has
been referred to in this case about not
crippling ships by tho shore batteries,"
said Ra; r ncft\
"April 6, 1898," was the response.
Raynor asked the witness if he had any
other information in reference to the bat
teries at Santiago except that given on
the map referred to. He stated the com
modore had received a memorandum of
information. from the bureau of naval in
telligence embodying about the same facts
as contained on the chart.
The cablegram; from Secretary Long,
dated Washington; May- 27, to cable
office at Mole St. Nicholas, direating that
it be delivered to the next American war
vessel to arrive and informing Commo-
The Cablegram". Frpm Long.
dated Washington, May 30; one informing
him that the commander in chief had
started to join him. and the Other telling
him that Sagua, twenty-five miles east of
Santiago, had been reported as a good
place to land, and it would be easy to
reach the heights in the rear of Santiago,
the witness said had been received on
May 31.
OFFICERS WHO GIVE INTEREST
ING TESTIMONY BEFORE THE
SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY.
The gunboat Cor.ccrd has been ordered
from San Francisca to Panama to relieve
the battleship Iowa. The Iowa will cruise
alons the western coast of South Amer
ica, but will be kept within a convenient
distance of the istnmus so that she can
return in case sidditional force is required.
The punboat Marietta sail November
1 for Colon, it is not proposed to risk
the ilachias from duty in Colombian
waters, but she and the Marietta will be
available for cruising to any point in Co
lombia or Venezuela wliere American in
terests may be in danger in consequence
of the operations of the rebels. The State
Department admitted to-day that Vene
zuela has not paid the instalment of $$000
due on account of the American ciaims.
Minister- Bowen has the matter in hand
and is making the proper representations.
President Castro's Government is not in
a satisfactory financial condition, and
may desire time in which to meet the ob
ligations,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.-That . the
United States still regards the situation
or. the isthmus of Panama as menacing to
American interests is established by the
action just taken by -die Navy Depart
ment.
Battleship Will Bs Kept Hear the
Isthmus to Give Assistance
if Needed.
fJUKBOAT CONCORD SENT
TO RELIEVE THE IOWA
CINCINNATI, Oct. 21.— Detective Cal
vin D. Crim was fatally shot to-day by
John Foley. Crim encountered Foley on
the street and, recognizing him as a re
cently released convict who was wanted
for picking pockets at funerals, placed
him under arrest. Suddenly Foley drew
a revolver and fired, sending a bullet
through Crim's body. Two other police
men caught Foley. Foley is also known
as Dan Driscoll and as "the goat." Crim
was the leading detective in the famous
Pearl Bryan murder case. Last March
he served as personal guard for President
McKinley at the inauguration.
DETECTIVE FATALLY SHOT
BY DESPERATE CRIMINAL
Recently Released Convict Uses His
Revolver When Arrested for
» Picking Pockets.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21. — President
Roosevelt left at 4:50 this afternoon for
Farmlngton, Conn., on a special Pennsyl
vania train which was run as the second
section of the Federal Express. The train
consisted of a private car, a Pullman and
a locomotive. The President was accom
panied by Commander Cowlea, his brother
in-law, at whose summer residence he will
stop at Farmington; Secretary Cortelyou.
Dr. Rixey and Mr. Barnes, one of Cortel
you's assistants. On Wednesday the
President will go to Yale College, where
the degree of LL.D. is to be conferred
upon him. He will return to Washington
on Thursday.
His Brother-in-Law, Commander
„-• Cowles, Accompanies Trim on
Trip to Yale College.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
DEPARTS FROM CAPITAL
The grcss earnings for 1301 were $28.
350.6S9; operating expenses, $15,843,421; net
earnings, $12,507,268: taxes, $969,642; incoroo
from operating. $11,537,626. In 1900 the fig
ures were: Gross earnings, $2S,910,7SJ;
operating expenses, $14,877,577; net earn
ings, 814.033,021; taxes. $000,738; earnings
from operation, $13,042,413. These figures
shew a falling off in. income for this year
of $1,504,786.
The authorized stock of the road Is $123,
000,000 and of this amount $08,711,750 has
been issued, $280,000 during the year. Dur
ing the year a reduction of $534,0QO has
been made in tho debt of the St. Paul.
Minneapolis and Manitoba Company.
' ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 21.— The annual
report of the Great Northern Railroad
was given out to-day. Regarding the pur
chase of the Burlington system the fol
lowing information is given:
"The Great Northern and the Northern
Pacific have purchased jointly 96.75 per
cent of the stock of the Burlington, the
par value of which is $107,577,200. In pay
ment for this stock they have issued
jointly collateral stock to the amount of
J215.154.4C0. Further bonds up to a total
of $222,400,000 may be issued for the pur
chase of more stock."
Details of Its Purchase of the Bur
lington System Given Out at
the Annual Meeting.
DECKEASE IN" INCOME
OF THE GREAT NORTHERS!
HELENA, Mont,, Oct. 21.— The grand
jury which has been investigating the
lynching of. James E. Brady, which oc
curred here October 2, made Its report to
day. No indictment was returned. , the
jury saying no evidence was found on
which a conviction could be had. The re
port severely criticizes the city and coun
ty officers for not making more strenu
ous efforts to. discover these engaged m
the. lynching; recommends that Jailer
George Maher be discharged and also Po
liceman Weisner, who was on the beat
where the lynching occurred. The Sheriff
is censured for not taking proper precau
tions to protect the prisoner, and another
policeman is censured for apathy alleged
to have been shown when the lynchtn?
was in progress.
Helena Grand Jury Fails to Return
Indictments, but Makes a
Scathing Report.
OFFICIALS CENSURED FOK
PERMITTING A LYNCHING
PARIS, Oct. 21.— The fact that France
has not yet employed coercive measures
to enforce a settlement of the Lorando
claim by Turkey is due to the unsettled
condition of the interior of the country.
It is feared that such action might bring
about the disruption of Turkey. The mis
government • of Macedonia, the excesses
committed in Armenia and the dissatis
faction in the island of Crete have reach
ed such a point a^ to constitute a menace
to peace. \
The powers, acting on the initiative of
Russia and France, are now discussing
the basis of an understanding for joint
representation to the Porte and for event
ually obliging the Sultan not only to
carry out the treaty of Berlin relating to
Macedonia and Armenia, but to give
guarantees for further reforms and the
settlement of numerous pending ques
tions. .
The Supreme Council of the Northern
jurisdiction is represented by its grand
commander, H. L. Palmer of Pontiae,
Mich., and a number of others, while
Senor Rafael de Zeyas Enrique is here
as a special embassatior of the Supreme
Council of Mexico.
At the afternoon session the annual re
port of the secretary general, Frederick
\Vet>ber of Kentucky, was submitted. It
showed that the Southern jurisdiction is
more prosperous than at any time pre
vious. Receipts for 3S99 and 1900 were $51.
€53, and for 1900 and 1901, 563,73a I'p to
-A u.^ust 51, 1901. the library had cost $S2.916.
The sum of 53050 was sent to Galveston to
the relief of the flood sufferers, arid $559
to the Jacksonville fire sufferers. The re
port of the treasurer general, William
Pierce of San Francisco, was read, but
\u25a0was not made public.
The election of officers will occur to
morrow. Mr. Richardson will undoubted
ly be elected sovereign grand com
mander.
The allocution closed with an impres
sive tribute to the late President Me-
Ivinley as President and brother Mason.
In the allocution Commander Richard
son pointed out a splendid increase in
the membership and unparalleled pros
perity. He recommended the filling of
most of the vacancies in the Supreme
Council, whose full membership of thirty
three has become reduced to twenty
three. Since the establishment of the
council there have been enrolled in all
112 active members, of whom eighty-four
have died and five are on tTie
emeritus list. In the past two years
forty new bodies of the Scottish Rite
have been organized; the number
of perfect elus has increased by 3385, and
princes of the Royal Secret have in
creased by S163. Assurances have been
received that the Supreme Council at
Colon, at a session this month, will with
draw authority over the subordinate
bodies in Porto Rico, and Mr. Richard
son announced that the jurisdiction of
this Supreme Council over Porto Rico is
undisputed. He urged their co-operation
with the Porto Riean bodies. He con
gratulated the order on the ususual
freedom of Masonry from charlatanism
and the spurious, and urged continued
careful scrutiny of all applicants.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.— The Supreme
Council, thirty-third degree, of the An
cient and Accepted Scottish Rite of
Freemasonry for the Southern Jurisdrc
tlon of the United States, the mother
council of the world, met to-day in bi
ennial session. The gathering marks the
centennial celebration of the council,
which was established in Charleston,
S. C, in May. 1801. the actual recogni
tion of the centenary being deferred un
til now to be coexistent with the unveil
ing of the monument to the late General
Albert Pike, long sovereign grand com
mander. The feature of to-day's session
was the allocution delivered by Represen
tative Richardson of Tennessee, the lieu
tenant grand commander and acting sov
ereign grand commander. The allocu
tion, among other things, laid down an
important ruling that a member of a
foreign jurisdiction cannot become a
member of this jurisdiction without sev
ering his connection with the former.
"'If an applicant is a member of bodies
in a foreign jurisdiction," according to
the allocution, "he cannot be admitted
into a body in ours until he renounces
his allegiance to such foreign jurisdic
tion. A citizen of Great Britain or o'ther
foreign Government may be a citizen of
the United States, but he must first re
nounce foreign allegiance and* swear al
legiance to our own Government. A
similar rule should apply to Masonry."
The hc-ir to the throne is Pu Oliur*. son
of Prince Tuan. He was born in 1SS4. In
1SS5 Prince Tuan, who had been one of the
most powerful of the ativssers of the Dow
ager Empress, obtained the honor of hav
ing his son named by the Emperor and a
short time afterward Pu Chun was se
lected as the heir to the widow of one of
the wealthiest Manchu Princes. In the
autumn of 1S&S, when the Emperor, was
deprived of all but nominal power, it was
announced- that Pu Chun had" been se
lected as heir apparent to the. throne.
It was announced in November last that
Prince Tuan had fled to Kansu. He is a
Manchu of pure descent, is the grandson
of the Emperor Taouk Wang, who died
in 1S50, and a nephew of the Emperor
Hean Fung, who died in 1861. Prince
Tuan's father. Prince Tung, was the most
likely heir to the throne after Taouk
Wang's death, but his succession was set
aside for some reason which was not
made public .
About the middle of th!s year Prince
Tuan was^aid to be fomenting an insur
rection in Western Mongolia. He was last
reported to be at Ulumski, in Turkestan,
to which part of the world. he had been
banished as a result of the part which he
took in the Boxer uprising.
Prince Chine: will start about November
1 from here to act as grand marshal of
the court on its journey from Kaifing.
PEKING, Oct. 2L— A new heir to the
throne will be appointed when the Dow-'
ager Empress meets Prince Chins and
several of the Viceroys at Kaifing, capi
tal of the province of Honan, where
there will be a general discussion of the
affairs of the empire. This news is be
lieved to be authentic, as It was received
from Chinese officials. The present heir
has proved to be dissipatecLand uncon
trollable. Moreover, his father's status as
a banished Prince makes his succession
contrary to Chinese, tradition?. The can
didate of the Empress is said to be Peitze,
a nephew of Prince Tuan and who is .in
tellectually weak. He participated in the
Boxer aggressions, personally leading an
attack, on the French cathedral. The r_* T
form i.action disapproves of the selection
and suggests that the powers will oppose
it if the Empress wishes to carry it out.
Lovelace and Reynolds were both unin
jured. They immediately gave themselves
up and were taken to the County Jail.
W. T. Harris Sr. was for six years Sher
iff of this county and made an excellent
reputation in that capacity. At the timo
of his death he was engaged in farming
and agricultural pursuits. The younger
Harris was for a number of years con
nected with the Provident National Bank
of thi3 city, but more recently with tho
Cotton Belt Railroad. Dr. Lovelace is a
practicing physician of this county and
Keynolda is a fanner. /.
The principals were all related in sdma
degree by marriage. W. T. Harrfcs Jr.
was unmarried. The elder Harris Ieave3
a widow and two married daughters.
WACO, Tex., Oct. 21.— A shooting affray
that resulted In the death of two well
known citizens occurred here this after
noon in a drinking resort. The prir.cipu.Ij.
In the tragedy were ex-Sheriff W. T. Har
ris and his son, W. T. Harris, on one
side, and Dr. J. G. Lovelace and hia step
son. Z. T. Reynolds, -on the other.
Bad feeling has existed . between the
men for some time over family affairs and
trouble had been expected. The men by
chance met in the Turf saloon and younjf
Harris, it is alleged, opened fire with a,
shotgun on Lovelace over his (Harrl3">
father's shoulder, but without effect.
Lovelace immediately returned the tiro
with a revolver, killing young Harris al
most instantly. Lovelace then turned his
revolverr on the elder Harris and killed
him.
Prince Ohing and Viceroys
and Empress to Name a
Successor.
France Fears Disruption May
Follow Pressure of Lo
rando Claim.
Among the former witnesses recalled
was Captain Francis A. Cook; who com
manded the Brooklyn. during the Spanish
war. He was recalled at' his. Own request,
and made the following statement:'
"In my testimony I stated that the Ore
gon on. the morning of July 3 was under
all boilers, having shifted her boilers from
forward to aft. I stated this from hear-'
say and presumed it" td be correct, ac
counting for her extraordinary speed. I
find that she had not shifted boilers that
morning, but that she had steam on all
was in command of the flying
squadron, occupied practically the entire
time of the Schley court of inquiry to
day. On his direct examination he con
tinued his narrative of" the Cuban cam
paign. Lieutenant Wells was under cross
examination for about two and a half
hours, largely at the hands of Hanna,
whose questions were directed mainly to
the dispatches sent and received by Ad
miral (then commodore) Schley. • . \u25a0. .•
While this line of examination was being
exploited, Raynor, speaking for Admiral
Schley, said that the admiral was willing
to admit that he had received the "Dear
Schley letter" on the Dupont, which ar
rived at Cienfuegos on. May 22, but he
"added that no duplicate of- this dispatch
had ever, been received by Admiral Schley.
He said also that the admiral admitted
the. receipt of two copies of No. 8,-Admi
ral Sampson's dispatch, saying that the
Spanish fleet was probably at Santiago,
and telling Commodore Schley, "If satis
fied that it (the Spanish fleet) is. not at
Cienfuegos proceed with all ; dispatch to
Santiago," one of these being received by
the Hawk, May 23, and the other by. the
Marblehead, May 24. Lieutenant Wells
was still on the stand when the court ad
journed for the day, and he will continue
his testimony to-morrow..
Cook Corrects Testimony.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.—Lieu
tenant B. W. Wells Jr., who
was the flag lieutenant of Ad
miral Schley while the latter
Acting Sovereign Grand Com
mander Richardson's In
teresting Allocution.
Physician Uses a Revolver
When Assaulted With
a Shotgun.
Increase in Membership
Reported to Supreme
Council.
Powers Discuss Meas
ures'Relative to Affairs
in Turkey.
Chinese Say Pu Chun Is
Uncontrollable and
Dissipated.
Trouble Over Family
Affairs Leads to Ter
rible Tragedy. -
Captain Cook and < Wells, the Principal Witnesses Dur
ing the Day, and They Re'ate Incidents of the Victorious Cam
paign in Cuban Waters Ending With Battle Off Santiago
FATHER AND SON
SHOT TO DEATH
SCOTTISH RITE
HAS BIG GROWTH
BERLIN TREATY
TO BE ENFORCED
HEIR TO THRONE
MAY BE DEPOSED
NAVAL OFFICERS SAY SCHLEY
WAS COOL IN THICK OF BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 19Q1.
2
To Cure a;. Cold in. One. Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets.- "All
drug-jflsts refund the money if it fails to cure. 1
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c.' •
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
face, neck or
breast, though*
they are liable to appear upon other parts
of the body. When they begin to spread
cad eaf into the flesh, sharp, piercing
prins are felt as the underlying tissue is
destroyed and the tender nerves exposed.
Cancerous sores develop from very trifiing
causes; a carbuncle or boil, swollen gland,
a little watery blister on the tongue or
lip, a wart, mole or bruise of some kind
becomes an indolent, festering sore,
vhich in time degenerates into cancer.
" Ten years as"o 7.' •<^^^S^Sv
had a sore on my left j^**^.
temple, which tho njgt. \\
doctors pronounced fi^S^~N» Vn
& cancerous ulcer; Is^S&^Srt^ ill
it -would itch, burn f$p*?f|Hg^b tjjk
and bleed, then scab wpllff jf^T itF
ovor, but would XatSsJlX. /«/
never heal. Aft or j^JsSSOl'&^fc
talcing: S. S. S. awhilo iMzfes$=S§*3lffi ,
tho • soro beg-an to f^^^MiW^i^i &&.
discharge, and when eBSaiwnffiw&&iif&.
all tho poisonous m$M$2i^^^
matter had passed
out it_ got vreil. I
took in all about •»**•\u25a0
thirty bottles, continuing it for Eomo
time after tha sora had healed, to bo
suro ail tho poison was out of my Eye-
tern. Have seen no sign of tho cancer
in ten years. JOSEPHUS REID,
{ Gant, Audrian Co., Ho.
S4&^ /$&j is strictly a vegetable'
raT^ «k/^ remedy, and, while
possessing purifying
K-, fiff K> ,Jffl and healing properties
<3g&F *^^ that no other medicine
does, contains nothing that could derange
the system. While cleansing the blood
it also builds up the general health.
If you have a suspicious sore, or other
blood trouble, send xor our free book on
Blood and Skin Diseases, and write to us
for any information or advice wanted;
Yre make no charge for this service. * -..'..
IKE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA. '
"Do You Feel It?" "t
"Yes, Doctor, I feel a warm glow passing through every nerve in my %
body. • It exhilarates me, makes me feel light-hearted. I feel like go-
'ing out and doing a ten-mile run over the hills." \u2666
"Does it burn or blister you?" ;'^?.-' ;..
"No, it never burns me lik"e the old belt I had The current seems .\u2666
more like a pleasant heat, and this heat seems to go all over the body
and cany life with it. I'm getting stronger every day, and am as good \u2666
as cured now. %
Dr. McLaughUn's Electric Belt %
Is a great man builder. Why don't you lay aside your old ideas of drugs <»
and try it? \our own neighbors are shouting for it. \u2666
tvt Mrfmirwin t> ci ™_ For tuna, Humboldt County. Cat... Sept. 18. 1901. <£
.ti 3£*?^^n£. H£rP ear Slr: The B * lt whlch x received from you on August 1st la <fr
I JJ, &7 t ,.£J?«i ¥ *m a rreat deal b ««er and am getting over my nervousness <fc
already. I certainly will recommend tfce Belt to my friends. Yours very truly. \
-/.,. ; .;, * CHAS. FLOOK. ?
£?*•£>£* < T\*<?+ want every sufferer from Sciatica, Rheumatism. *T
' ice ICSI Lame Back, Kidney or Bladder Troubles, General
v^ •" Nervous or Vital Weakness, Indigestion, etc., to <$>
Free Book tcst my Belt * ree at mv ? ffice - if y° u can 't can, <&•
send for my book about it, free. Inclose this ad. \u2666
1\V M P. T\/I/»T 9t*i/<lti;m 702 MARKET STREET, t
UF. 1*1. V/. lVlCLaVgillin, cor. Keamr. San Francisca. %
Office Hours— 8 a. in. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. <j>HAVANA, Oct. 21.— Two men convicted
of murder will be executed by the garrote
next "Wednesday. These will be the first
executions since the occupation of the
island by the United States.
Garrote for Two Murderers.
Bands of about 400 Indians are In Colorado
from the White Rock. Utah, agency, destroy
ing game In direct violation of the laws of the
State. Immediate provision must be made by
you to remove them, otherwise there will be
serious trouble. I am satisfied that the Gov
ernment agent at "White Bock Is not using
proper efforts to keep them at the agency.
The- agent referred to-, Minton of the
"White Rock Agency; is in Colorado in
vestigating the report that bis Indians
were trespassing on Colorado lands, but
has not reported the result of his Inves
tigation. It Is stated at the bureau that
there may be a few Indians there as re
ported, but the same report Is started
every year. Last year, according to the
officials, Investigation proved that sev
eral State "Wardens were hunting with
the Indians. No response has been wired
to the Governor as yet.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. ZL — Governor
Orxnan of Colorado to-day telegraphed to
the Secretary of the Interior as follows:
Telegraphs Secretary of "War That
Redskins Are Openly Violating
State Laws.
GOVERNOR OF COLORADO
-; FEARS -INDIAN" OUTBREAK
After leaving the "White House the Mar
quis and his secretary called at the State
Department and paid their respects to
Secretary Hay and Assistant Secretary
Hill.
WASHINGTON, Oct. a.— The distin
guished Japanese statesman. Marquis Ito,
was the guest of President Roosevelt at
luncheon to-day. The Marquis* called at
the White House earlier in the day to pay
his respects to the President. He was
escorted by the resident Japanese Minis
ter, Mr. Takahira. and by Mr. Tsudsuki.
formerly Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs
of Japan, but at present acting as one of
the secretaries to the Marquis. The Pres
ident gave his visitors a cordial welcome.
The Marquis speaks English with facility,
as does Tsudsuki. The President was
much interested in their conversation.
Having been Prime Minister of Japan sev
eral times, and especially during the war
with China, and having taken a leading
part in the establishment of constitution
al government in Japan, the Marquis Ito
is particularly well informed on topics in
which the Presiuent is Interested. Tsud
suki, who Is also a member of the House
of Peers of Japan and a man of strong
character, is giving special attention to
financial. Industrial and commercial con
ditions in the United States and has ob
served many things of Interest in the
short time he has been in this country, so
he was also able to add his share in the
conversation with the President.
It was the desire of President Roose
velt to give a dinner in honor of the visit
ing Japanese and, indeed, he pressed the
Marquis to accept an Invitation to the
dinner on the 26th inst., which is the
earliest data that a formal dinner would
be in order at the White House. The
Marquis was obliged to decline this invi
tation, as it would conflict with his en
gagement to attend the Yale bicentennial.
With the President and Marquis Ito at
luncheon were Secretary of State Hay
and Mr. Tsudsuki.
•3
Noted Statesman Also Pays
Shorb Call at State
Department
Visits "White House and
Is Entertained at
Luncheon.
ITO THE GUEST
OF PRESIDENT
PETALUMA, Oct. 21.— Henry Bons
heimer, a farmer, was accidentally shot
to-day by his brother, A. J. Bonsheimer.
The two were hunting quail. The charge
entered Bonsheimer's hip. its force being
partially stopped by a box of cartridges
in his pocket. None of the cartridges ex
ploded, though the box was riddled. The
wound will not be fatal.
Huntsman Accidentally- Shot.
sponsible for my appointment. After I had
withdrawn It from Carter he put it In."
"By whom did you send It to Carter?"
"By mail, to Senator Carter at Helena,"
That ended the day's proceedings. The
case will go on again to-day at 10:30 a. m.
I vtt -^»r -p T. HUME, who has been
/\ / tne 8tar w l tness *°r two
\v\v days and a nalf in tne
v v O Nome contempt cases,
made his exit during the
afternoon session and ex-Marshal C. L.
Vawter took his place on the stand. Hume
told many strange tales of corruption,
fraud and dishonesty, but his testimony
doesn't begin to reach the importance of
that of Cawter, so far as the contempt
proceedings are concerned.
Until the ex-marshal was put upon the
stand the attorneys for the respondents
shouted nothing but "Hearsay evidence"
to all that Hume said \n the course of his
testimony. When Attorneys McLaughlin
and Heney heard the marshal's story
their brows knitted and the look of
• trouble came into their eyes. His evidence
is direct to the point. The cross-examina
tion, which has been launched but not
yet finished, has so far done nothing in
the way of confusing the witness. What
may come of it to-day is a matter of con
jecture. Vawter is positive enough in his
recital— not quite so sure of manner and
speech as Hume, but sufficiently danger
ous to worry the minds of the re
spondents.
Vawter was the marshal who served
the writs upon Noyes, Frost and Mc-
Kenzie and the rest of the combination.
His testimony, if uncontradicted, will
reach the root of the evil. Certain con
versations which he overheard proved
sensations in themselves. Judge Ross, ac
cording to the marshal's testimony, was
the target of a very uncomplimentary
speech on the part of Noyes, and the
whole Circuit Court Is put upon the grill.
And Senator Carter of Montana makes his*
appearance again, this time as a poli
tician with a hand on Alaskan affairs. In
fact, the whole of Vawter's testimony Is
as sensational In its way' as that of Hume,
who was the star during the introductory
proceedings.
Attorneys Cross Wits.
Whether it was the hot weather or the
growing impatience of the respondents'
attorneys that caused the tili3 at argu
ment is a question to solve, but one thing
is certain: the attorneys who are con
ducting the examination are no longer
passing compliments. Attorneys Pills
bury, McLaughlin and Heney had many
a wordy war yesterday. McLaughlin ami
Heney fell back upon the lawyer's re
course—the objection — morning and after
noon. It was all in vain, however, for
in this examination before Judge Heacock
objections may be stated and entered upon
the record, but the witness answers the
questions just the same.
During the morning session a recess was
taken to allow Mr. Piilsbury, amicus
curiae, to Inform the Circuit Court of
Appeals that the testimony would not be
finished for several days. The court post
poned the hearing until Wednesday.
Joseph K. Wood appeared before the
court and pleaded guilty, but said he had
extenuating circumstances to offer, and
the court will hear him this morning.
Back to Old Ground:
"Did not Judge Noyes change his opin
ions in certain cases after other attorneys
had been appointed' in the place of
Hume?" began Mr. Piilsbury, amicus
curiae, at the opening of the morning
session.
Then the first disagreement between the
attorneys occurred, and Commissioner
Heacock was called upon to settle the
difficulty.
"I am. interrogating: this witness as to
specific acts of Judge Noyes," said Pills
bury. A deluge of words followed and
the examination proceeded.
Concerning the affidavits In the Yager
case the witness was asked about the
changes in Judge Noyes' opinion after the
appointment of R. M. Stevens as a suc
cessor to Hume. The case was easily set
tled, according to the witness* testimony,
within two hours.
"What Intimation was there either by
Judge Noyes or McKenzie as to the obe
dience of these writs?" continued Pllls-
Will Seek New Fishes.
STANFOP.D UNIVERSITY. Oct. 2L—
Dr. CL K. Gilbert, head of the department
of zoology, has been appointed to take
charge of the deep sea investigations of
the United States Fish Commission in the
waters surrounding the Hawaiian Islands.
Dr. Gilbert will leave for the islands
about December 1 on the Government
ship Albatross, the best equipped vessel
in the world for deep sea investigation.
The work in which he is about to engage
is a continuation of tho inveFtlsraT'ons
made during: the summer by President
Jordan and Dr. Jenkins.
"Wrestling Class at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 21.—
Instructor Thomas A. Storey has lnsti
tnted a new feature in the gymnasium
*rork here, that of wrestling. Storey re
cently announced to the gymnasium
Classes that there would be a wrestling
tournament in Encina gymnasium, and
asked for names of persons wishing to
compete. As a result fifteen of the lead-
Ing college gymnasts have signified their
Intention of being contestants, and an
Interesting exhibition of skill and strength
is looked for.
No Bidders for the Bonds.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— The $2,000,000
Issue of Los Angeles water bonds was
placed on the market to-day, but so far
not a bidder has put in an appearance,
much to the surprise of city offlcials. The
failure of prospective buyers to bid on
the bonds to-day was probably due to a
suit now pending, brought by certain tax
payers to- contest the validity of the issue.
Another contingency which may have In
duced apathy on the part of investors is
the requirement of a $50,000 deposit by a
bidder, pending the result of litigation.
Ilusical Treat for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 2L—
The Royal Italian Band, under the direc
tion of Signor Creatore, will give a con
cert In the assembly hall next Wednesday
night. Stanford music lovers are Indebt
ed to Professor S. W. Young and the uni
versity orchestra for this rare musical
treat, the arrangements for the concert
having been made by them.
Stanford's Architect Honored.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 21.—
Charles Edward Hodges, resident archi
tect of the university, has been elected
an associate member of the American In-
Etitute of Architects.
If You Lire in a 3>en
That Is decorated with pictures framed In
our newest effects in moldings you will be
/Enamored of your surrounding's. We have
•4 receive 1 some new Ehipments of the
Vaintieat narrow moldings Imaginable In
tone ebonies* gilts, light and dark oaks
and cherry, . green and brown birches,
•with matboards In every tint and color to
suit your fancy. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street •
ured, was allowed. Hume had quit the
case •when the demurrer was sustained.
Huine's Part Exploited.
Then McLaughlin tried another tack, h
"Mr. Hume, I'll now ask you your age,
he said.
Hume answered that he was 42 years
old, and in response to other questions,
said he practiced in all the courts in Cal
ifornia, Oregon, Washington and Alaska.
He was an Assemblyman, a deputy dis
trict attorney, a full-fledged district at
torney and holder of other important
offices. McLaughlin seemed satisfied.
"At the time you commenced the action
of Chips vs. LIndeberg, had you a re
tainer from Lindeberg?" asked McLaugh
'lin.
"Prior to that time I had a retainer
from the Pioneer Mining. Company, in
which LIndeberg was largely interested."
"Had not Lindeberg, some time before
the litigation, given you a, retainer of
$300?"
Piilsbury called for the receipt, but Mc-
Laughlin demanded the answer without
the production of the paper. Then the
amicus curiae advised the witness not to
answer it.
Heney interjected:
"Mr. Piilsbury is acting, no doubt, as a
pure amicus curiae."
"As nothing else," said Piilsbury. .'
Then the witness explained.
"I was relieved from my obligation in
1899, in the fall of the year, when the re
tainer came to an end."
"In what way did they relieve you?"
was the next auestion.
"They said consider yourself discharge'd.
They thought my relations to some of my
clients might interfere with their business,
so they withdrew their business. There
was no ill feeling, between us."
End of the Chief Witness.
At the close of the morning session the
attorney for the respondents passed the
witness to Mr. ' Piilsbury the third time.
Then followed the oft-repeated examina
tion of the cases in which the witness was
concerned and from which he had with
drawn and concerning which Judge Noyes
changed his rulings as soon as different
attorneys appeared. Again the witness
went back to Judge McLaughlin.
"Was It arranged In the Ring vs. Yager
case that Mr. Stevens, Court Commis
sioner, appointed by Judge Noyes, should
pay $5000 for an interest in the
said McLauehlln.
"I think It was," answered the witness.
Joseph K. Wood, the District Attorney
\u25a0 and also among those cited for contempt,
had a few questions to ask. His first
was: . •
"In fact, Mr. Hume, we are bitter ene
mies, are we not?" Hume didn't know
about the adjective, but admitted the
noun.
"Isn't it a fact that but for the time I
was at St. Michael I attended largely to
the criminal matters?"
"We both attended to them."
"Are we on speaking terms?" •
"I don't speak to you and I don't know
whether or not you care to speak to me."
The respondents' attorneys desired the
attendance of the witness at some future
day. Ae his testimony is to be signed to
day he will bo present this morning before
discharge.
Vawter in Star Role.
Hume gave way to former Marshal C.
L, Vawter, who was the relief of a dull
ses&Ion. In answer to the first shot di
rected at him by Piilsbury he said:
I first' saw Judge Noyes , in Alaska at St.
Michael, on my way to Nome In July, 1900.
Next before that I saw him In Seattle in June.
What service did you make of the writs?
I took the writs on September 14— the Chips
writ to Judge Noyes. He was just getting up
I walked In and handed him the writ. While
he was reading it I left him. . L*ter in the, day
I saw him about 4 o'clock and told him I 'was
there to support the court. He said he wasn't
going to do anything and McKenzie could do as
he pleased. Later In the month he told me I
had no business - to serve I the writ; On Sep
tember 15 I received a letter from him. I have
the letter.
The letter was then produced and read.
It reads as follows: -.
The Blake-Hadfclein case was threshed
over again. -This was the litigation over
a grub stake, and Hume was at first the
attorney of record, but later was succeed
ed by Attorney H. A.'Bruner. A demur
rer to the complaint was overruled in
Hume's time, but a demurrer to an
amended complaint, in which Bruner fig-
Hume and Noyes had a tilt In court
over litigation, and the following testi
mony of the witness is to the point:
In the courtroom. In the presence of many
people, Judge Noyes on the bench unnecessarily
rebuked me In a manner that brought the at
tention of all to me. I was informed that the
case in question could not be tried unless we
agreed to the receivership. I desired to have
these cases tried at once and asked the court
for It orally. He told me I ought to have
better sense than to ask for it orally, that I
should file my claim and have It put on the
docket. That was the rebuke and what I told
McKenzie when I met him. later. This was
after court opened, about the end of Sep
tember, 1900.
The cross-Questions about the stock
brought out a reply from the witness that
he believed there was such stock of the
Alaska Gold Mining and Exploration Com
pany.
McLaughlin's first question was:
"In that case in which you were attor
ney for the intervenor did you think it
was a proper case for the appointment of
a receiver?"
"Yes," answered Hume.
"Who was appointed?"
"Denny Brogan."
"How about the other cases?"
The responses of the witness were the
same.
"To whom are you arguing this matter,
Mr. Piilsbury?" said Heney, looking at
the reporters. The former smiled serenely,
and forced the question.
Tho witness replied that McKenzie
would have done Just such a thing. In
fact, he thought he did it on more than
one occasion. There the re-examination
ended.
McLaughlin fairly sizzled over this ques
tion, and provoked the following from
Piilsbury:
I am proposing to show that McKenzie
obtained an Interest and for that reason
promised an order x>t the court.
In the case of the Leo and Libre Mining
Company 'vs. Alaska Gold and Exploration
Company, Swanson and Jensen, lntervenors
and my clients, were anxious to haxe a receiver
appointed, and as soon as McKenzie obtained
an interest he saw to the appointment of a
receiver. I was told that if I named the re
ceiver he would be appointed.
-"Did McKenzie get the interest prom
ised?"
I don't remember of any distinct date or
conversation where Judge Noyes • had informed
me that McKenzie was the Intermediary. I
had interviews by direction of McKenzie. He
informed me that he had seen Judge Noyes
and the latter wanted to see me. These oc
cured frequently In relation to Anvil Creek
litigation on which McKenzie was appointed
receiver.
"Was the stock of the Alaska Gold Min
ing Company promised you \u25a0* ever given
you?"
"I have never received or seen any evi
dences of the stock."
"There was something said about the
receivership of Mrs. Requa vs. Linder
berg. and Jacobs vs. Brensen cases being
heid up until McKenzie was satisfied, was
there not?" asked Piilsbury, following the
same line. The witness answered:
Interests for McKenzie.
bury. Then came the McLaughlin objec
tion again- and further argument.
"It is difficult to remember the exact
words further than I have stated them,"
said Hume. "The trend of the conversa
tion was based on statements to which I
have testified. The writ was considered
void and the conversation showed a dis
position to avoid the writ." ,
"On any other occasion do you know
McKenzie to have been intermediary of
Judge i>oyes?" asked Piilsbury.
McLaughlin interposed with an objec
tion that Hume be forced to state noth
ing but facts and not be allowed to black
en the character of men in this ruthless
fashion. The question \u25a0was answered in
this fashion:
I have been able for. the first ' time to make
an examination of the original order sent down
from the Circuit Court of Appeals and find that
it will be necessary for me to enter certain
orders of record here, which will be done as
Boon as they can be drawn and spread upon
the records. In the meantime it devolves upon
you to preserve the peace and good order, so
far as it is possible for you to do, and I have
taken occasion to request Major Van Orsdale
to render such assistance as necessary . to
protect life and property and hold things in
statu quo until the order can be prepared and
presented to the court. Sincerely yours -
ARTHUR H. NOTES, Judge.
Continuing, the witness said:
When I received the letter I went up to see
Judge Noyes. I told him that I had put two sol
diers to guard the bullion. He said, "Keep the
guard on; don't let anybody get It." There was
a rumor at that time that the Lane people
would get It.
"By what right were they claimingto
get it?" said Piilsbury. -
"By the writ of supersedeas— and they
talked of executing it themselves. I told
this later to Judge Noyes, and he said it
was right not to let them get the bullion."
"Did you have a conversation with Mc-
Kenzie in regard to complying with this
writ?"
Judge Noyes Condemns.
Vawter said he received some advice
from C. S. A. Frost, the court examiner,
in regard to the posse comltatus which
the marshal, wanted to guard the gold
dust. He produced a letter to show the
extent and character of the advice.
"How did Mr. Frost come to take an
interest in it?" continued Piilsbury in his
examination.
"As a representative of the court he
gave me advice at all times."
"Do you know what his relations were
with McKenzte?"
"Very friendly. I afterward learned Mc-
Kenzie paid him money. He was very
friendly to Judge Noyes. He Is now pri
vate secretary to Judge Noyes."
"Did you afterward have any talk with
Judge Noyes?"
"About a week later,"
"Did you have any talk about disobe
dience of writs?"
"I did. .1 said to Judge Noyes, "There is
no danger but that you will obey writs
of the appellate'court.' " 'Now, don't you
think it," said Noyes."
The witness then related some conver
sation between Noyes and other parties
conversations which he overheard. Here
is a bit on Judge Ross:
I overheard In January. 1901, Judge Noyes eay
that Judge Roes was a sandlotter and put In
office by. the disreputable element of California,
and he proposed to see whether Judge Ross
would question him.
The witness also overheard Noyes say
in a conversation with Dr. Sheldon Jack
son: /
I tell you, doctor, we have got to have the
territorial form of government. Congress Is
no more fit to legislate for us than the Circuit
Court to adjudicate. Just wait till McKenzie
gets down there; he'll make the fur fly and
show the Appellate Court what's what.
Senator Carter Again..
After this came the talk of Gaylen and
Senator' Carter, who was mentioned last
week. The witness said:
"Gaylen told me he was up there to look
out for Senator Carter's interests."
Here came an objection. McLaughlin
wanted to know the materiality of it, but
Piilsbury insisted, so the witness contin
ued: ..
I met McKenzie In May In Washington, and
just as I was leaving Carter said. "You owe
your appointment exclusively to me, and Mc-
Kenzie Is going up to that country and I want
you to treat him just as you would treat me."
"Did you eve'r hear. Judge Noyes say he
was going to maintain McKenzie as re
ceiver?" was Pillsbury's next question.
"I heard him say - he was going to
shoulder the responsibility and keep Mc-
Kenzie receiver."
Vawter was then taken In hand and
subjected to cross-examination by Mc-
Laughlin.
"You say Frost not only said damn the
military, but * fight anybody to get that
dust and hold it— even the whole army
and the navy?"_ . *
"I thought he was unduly alarmed over
the warlike character of the Lane peo
ple," was' the response.
"Are you friendly with Judge Noyes?"
"March, 1901, dates the beginning of our
unfriendliness.*'
"You are not now a United States Mar
shal?" .V.
"I resigned In 1900. . I did not send my
resignation" to the Department of Justice. .
I sent it to Senator Carter, who was re- j
SAX JOSE. Oct. 21.— A petition for let
ters of administration on the estate of
Charles P. Douglas, who, on Oct. 6, com
mitted suicide after having attempted to
rnurder his wife and stepdaughter, -was
fiied in the Superior Court to-day by Mrs.
Angeline P. Douglas, the widow. The pe
tition recites that the estate is believed
to be worth at least $10,000, consisting of
real and personal property. She does not
knovr v.-here the property is located. The
heir.; are herself and Chesley McKlnley
Douglas, a six months old son. Bot Mrs.
Douglas and her daughter. Aloha Agnew,
are improving rapidly and their complete
recovery is only a question of time.
Suicide Douglas' Estate.
PASADENA. Oct. 21.— Ed Carr. a mem
ber of one of Pasadena's wealthy and in
tellectual pioneer families, occupied a bed
in ?he City Jail last night. The late Pro
fessor Ezra Carr. formerly State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, and Mrs.
Jean C. Carr, poet and author, were his
parents. The son took to drink years ago
and drifted into hobolsm. Mrs. Carr lost
"her mind and is now in an infirmary near
Santa Barbara. A portion of the home
place was recently sold for $50,009. To-day
the prodigal son was sentenced to ten
cays for vagrancy. He has slept in box
cars at -the depot, on a portion of his
parents' handsome estate.
Gently Beared Youth, a Hobo.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Original— George C. Martin, Sacra
mento. $.6; Albert F. Brown. Redondo, $12;
Eaianuel Gross*?, Santa Rosa, $12; Monroe
Johnson. Chula Vista. J6: Jacob F. Story.
San Francisco. $S. War with Spain-
Frank A. Ernsberger, Los Angeles, $6.
Mexican war — Charles" Nordhoff (dead),
Coronado. SS. Increase — Alexander Wil
liam Corbett, Coronado. 110; Philip Keftoe,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $&; Albert
Dougherty. Veterans' Home, Napa, $10.
Widows— Mary S. Schenck, San Francis
co, $S; Mary A. Ellis. Glendora, $S. Mexi
can war — Lida L.. N'ordhoff, Coronado, SS.
Oregon — Original — William Logden, Ore
gon City, JS.
Washington— Original— Daniel Coughlan.
Republic, SS. Widows— Minor of James
Toner, Stanwood, $14.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Postmasters
commissioned: California — Annie Holten
bec".f, Lebec. Oregon — Olive E. Parsons,
Cre swell.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 21.— Little Theo
dore Davey. the 6-year-old son of Mr. and
Sirs. John Davey of this city, died last
night as the result of a terrible accident.
The little fellow was playing last Satur
day at a slaughter-house near town,
where his father was butchering hogs.
The boy slipped and fell into a huge
caldron of boiling water. He plunged in
up to the waist and was horribly scalded.
Workmen heard the splash and scream
snd almost instantly dragged the lad
from the seething kettle. After removal
To "ais parents' home he suffered untold
agony until death relieved him last night.
GB.ASS VAJJ^EY CHILD
MEETS AWFUL DEATH
Tails Into a Caldron of Boiling Water
While Playing- Around a
Slaughter-House.
Miss Wallace refuses any explanation,
but the truth of her confession is un
doubted.
Mrs. Baker says that this specification
contained the rirst inkling of rhe reason
iying; behind her husband's conduct to
her. She at once appealed to the letter
carrier, who confessed her sex, and a re
union of the estranged couple followed.
The revelation of Miss Wallace's sex has
caused a commotion in the county where
ehe has been known as "Willie," and was
looked upon as a somewhat dissipated
young man.
Tne woman came to Harrisburg five
years ago in company with Henry Keep
and his wife, her supposed uncle and aunt.
Keep was later appointed Postmaster of
an outlying hamlet and "Willie" secured
the position of carrying the mail to the
county seat twice each week. The sup
posed youth boasted of conquests amongr
women along- the route and no suspicion
of her sex was entertained.
OMAHA, Xebr., Oct. 21_— The exposure
of "William J. "Wallace, a woman mas
querading as a man. has brought to a
happy termination the divorce case of Ba
ker against Baker, on trial in the County
Court at Harrisburg, Nebr. Mrs. Jeremy
Baker filed a petition asking separation
on the grounds that her husband's con
duct had been harsh and cruel. In reply
Baker offered a counter-petition, in which
he accused his wife of inildelity, and
named V.'iliiam J. Wallace, a mail-carrier,
as co-respondent.
Finally Reveals Her Sex to
Happily Terminate a
Divorce Suit.
Nebraska Girl Masquer
ades for Years in
Male Attire.
STRANGE STORY
TOLD IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
Attorneys Finish Their Examination of W. T. Hume and the Ex-Marshal of the District Who
Served the Writs on Alexander 'McKenzie and Judge- Npyes Tells His Story, Which the
Amicus Curiae Relies Upon to Prove the Contempt of Respondepts Against the Circuit Court
VAWTER GIVES SOME DAMAGING
TESTIMONY IN THE NOME CASES
PILLSBURT AND McLAUGHLIN
IN ARGUMENT IN THE NOME
CONTEMPT HEARING.
3
'"Every customer leaving our store *
has the satisfaction of knowing that I
he has on his back the best possible \
clothes for the least possible money —
I in other words he has paid the lowest
price for Which the suit can be sold.
He also has the satisfaction of knowing that 1
the goods are seasonable — that they are what is" '
, being worn at the time; and also that the making
I ) is what it should be in every particular, from the !
' first cutting to the last pressing. ' '
I He can also feel safe in his purchase. If he
J U displeased he can have his money back even if
r he has worn the suit. If he is pleased, we will .
make any necessary repairsJree at any time he
\ brings the suit in inside of a year.
Our prices for our made-to-measure clothes
1 appeal to those men who like to dress well at a
' nominal cost. You should see our
| made=to=order
;f suits for $10.00
The, samples are free in plentiful quantities,
merely for the asking. .
* Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers
. through our sell-measuring system— write for samples.
718 Market Street and
I Cop. Powell and Eddy Sts. jOriental Rugs
At auction. Continuation sale to-day and
daily at 2- p. m.' only at 332 Post street,
near Powell. •
For side rides to points on the Santa Fu.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, r friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 2-1 to
November 10. inclusive- Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full Information call at Santa Fe offlceu,
641 -Market St., and-ferry -depot. . ; \u25a0
Special Rates
' Hawthorne School, $17; Mutual Life In'sur
ance Company, $50; pupils Dudley Stone School
$27 85; M. A. Gunst & Co., $25; pupils Haffrht:
street School, $14; Madison Primary School $11-
Buena Vista School, $7 50; total. $152 35- pre
viously reported, $22,203 25. Total to date' $*•>'.
355 60. . •'-\u25a0"• *"-•
Following is the official statement of
contributions to the McKinley monument
fund to date:
McKinley Monument Fund.
The Chinese cook who was badly hacked
with a hatchet in the residence ' of Dr.
George 'H. Palmer, at the corner of Stein
er and Jackson streets, Sunday night is
still in a precarious condition, but if is
believed he will survive. Detective Ed
Gibson, who has been Investigating the
bold crime, believes the attack was the
result of a personal quarrel rather than
a deed of a highbinder struggle.
Toy, the injured Chinese, disclaims all
knowledge of who committed the assault
or the causes leading up to it. The po
lice, however, think that the Chinese not
only recognized the highbinder, but knows
why the hatchet- was used.
Cook Hacked in Palmer Residence
Disclaims Knowledge of Mo
.tive for Deed.
HIGHBINDER'S VICTIM
MAY SURVIVE INJURIES
The funeral of the late Mrs. Wilhelmina
Hupfeld, wife of Dr. Julius W. Hupfeld
took place yesterday at the family resi
dence on Oak street. The services were
private and only the relatives and a few
intimate friends were i present. Among
the floral offerings was a beautiful spray
of white roses Eent by the Press Club o"
San Francisco.
Funeral of Mrs. Hupfeld.
. CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Dr. J. F. Berry,
general secretary of the Epworth League
and editor of the Epworth Herald, is seri
ously ill with pneumonia at his home in
this city. The doctor has been on the
verge of nervous collapse • f or several
months as a result of overwork.
Dr. Berry Seriously 111.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. ?1.— The police stopped
the fifteen-round bout between - Martin
Duffy of Chicago and Dave Barry of Can
ada at the West End Club to-night in the
fourth round, when tho Canadian was lr-
Tetrievably beaten. Barry was outclassed
throughout.
Duffy Outclasses Dave Barry.
The Democrats of the Fortieth Assem
bly District held a rousing mass meeting
in Franklin Hall, at Bush and Fillmore
streets, last night. Addresses were made
by Joseph S. Tobin, Franklin K. Lane and
other candidates and the greatest enthu
siasm was displayed.
Chairman George Connolly called the
meeting to order in a brief speech, in
which he alluded to the sterling qualities
of the various Democratic candidates. The
name of Tobin was greeted with tremen
dous applause and the appearance of the
various candidates was the signal for vo
ciferous outbursts. The Republican nom
inees were \u25a0 discussed and the prediction
made "that they will all be politically
dead after. November 5."
Supervisor John Connor was the first
speaker. He spoke In behalf of the nom
inees for Supervisor, all of whom, he said,
had reputations before they went into of
fice and had not lost them by reason of
their official acts. Their sole desire was
to give the city a businesslike administra
tion. The first thing they did. was to wipe
out a big deficit and the second to pay a
debt- of $300,000 to the merchants and
school teachers. There never was a ring
in the board and if the. voters decided to
return the members for the next term a
more brilliant record in the line of im
provements would, in the opinion of the
speaker, be assured.
Patrick Boland, nominee for Public Ad
ministrator, made a plea for re-election.
He spoke of the discharge of the functions
of his office I and nattered himself that
none could have done better. Mr. Boland
was greeted with great applause.
District Attorney Lewis F. . Byington
spoke in praise of the present Board of
Supervisors, which, he said, had liquid
ated the accumulated debts of twenty
years and given the city the lowest tax
rate in ten years.. As for himself and the
discharge of his official duties, he said,
his record spoke for itself and that was
good enough, he thought, to insure his re
election.
City Attorney Franklin K. Lane dls-
Joseph S. Tobin. and Other Candidates
Address Voters on Issues of
. the . Campaign.
KrALLY OF FORTIETH
DISTRICT DEMOCRATS
DENVER, Oct. 21.— Eddie Toy of San
Francisco was given the decision to-night
over "Spike" Wallace of Pittsburg at the
end of a ten-round 'go before the Elyria
Athletic Club. Elyria is a suburb of Den
ver. The men fought for a side bet of
$250 and 65 per cent of the gate receipts.
Toy had the best of it all the way
through, Wallace staying the limit by
hanging on continuously.
The same men were prevented from
fighting in Denver by the police a week
ago. ...
Toy. Is Given the Decision.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— Fierce war Is
on between Chief Justice W. H. Beatty
of the Supreme Court and Associate Jus
tice C. H. Garoutte, 'and, barring their
official duty, the two. distinguished gentle
men are in the habit of ignoring one an
other's existence. Members of the bar In
Los Angeles have been aware that the
relations between Justices Beatty and .
Garojitt'e are ; strained,' but the fact that
they hold no personal intercourse with
one another has come to the surface only
since the Supreme Court in bank began
its regular winter session one week ago.
Chief Beatty and Justice Garoutte are
both candidates for re-election, with the
distinction that while the latter could un
doubtedly obtain a renomination h& has
openly insisted that unless the ChiewJus
ticeship comes to him he will decline his
present position. Justice Beatty will not,
of course, consent to stand for any place
except that wherein he is now incumbent.
But for this attitude neither Chief Jus
tice Beatty nor Justice Garoutte would
have the slightest trouble in obtaining a
renomination. Their bitterness may
result in neither continuing on the Su
preme bench after next year. /
Governor Henry T. Gage is expected to
reach Los Angeles to-morrow morning,
and John C. Lynch, accompanied by Jero
Burke, arrived this afternoon. The latter
two gentlemen are the principal lieuten
ants of Colonel Daniel M. Burns, and their
visit south at this time Is takpn to mean
that plans for the Republican State cam
paign next year are being formed in
earnest.
Justice Garoutte does not hesitate to
announce that he is after the official scalp
of the Chief Justice, and he insists that
under no circumstances will he consent to
serve another term as the court is con
stituted. Justices Beatty and Garoutte
were friends until two years ago. The
Supreme Court was then considering a
case of some importance wherein a new
trial was not granted. A rehearing was
demanded and was denied, Justice Gar
outte writing the opinion ' In the issue.
Chief Justice Beatty took exceptions to
the law as laid down by his colleague and
wrote a dissenting opinion. The war then
commenced and it has been growing in
fierceness since that time.
Speaker C. W. Pendleton of the Assem
bly feels aggrieved because Samuel M.
Shortridge of San Francisco, who aspires
to succeed United States Senator George
C. Perkins, is overlooking him. Mr. Short
ridge had been in the habit of confiding
in Cornelius Pendleton until the latter
looked upon himself as the Southern Cal
ifornia manager of the Shortridge boom.
Then Mr. Pendleton joined the barbers'
union as honorary member and had other
honor3 thrust upori him, all of which re
sulted in criticism for the late Speaker of
the California Assembly. Mr. Shortr,idge
has beeen in Los Angeles for several days
and up to to-day he had failed . to call
upon his erstwhile Southern California
manager.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The details for the execution have been
practically completed, and while the
prison authorities guard with great se
crecy all facts, it is thought the execution
will take place before 6 o'clock in the
morning of October 28, or, if everything
cannot be made ready on that day, at a
similar hour on the 29th. The work of se
lecting the jury to sign the death war
rant of the murderer has been completed
but their names are withheld from publi
cation. They will not be known until the
morning of the execution.
Superintendent of State Prisons Collins
is silent as to whom he will invite but it
is learned that the Sheriff of Erie County
within whose jurisdiction the crime was
committed, .will receive an invitation Be
cause of the small attendance that can be
had under the statute there will be but a
limited number of representatives of the
press present.
ALBANY, N. Y., Oct. 21.— Warden
Meade of Auburn Prison spent several
hours to-day in conference with Superin
tendent of State Prisons Cornelius V. Col
lins, arranging the details for carrying out
the sentence of death imposed on Leon F.
Czolgozs, the murderer of President Me-
Kinley. They went carefully over the 1200
requests which have been received for in
vitations to the electrocution. There will
be but twenty-six wltnsses admitted, the
law limiting the number. The prison phy
sician will be assisted in the conduct of
the autopsy by Dr. Carlos F. MacDonald
former president of the State Commission
in Lunacy, and one of the greatest experts
on insanity in the country. There will
also be a number of other physicians in
attendance.
Electrocution of Czolgosz
Has Been Set for
6 O'Olock.
Political War Racks the
State Supreme
Court.
HAVANA, Oct. 21.— A petition asking
that Cuba be annexed to the United States
Is being circulated among Cuban business
men and every effort is being centered
upon annexation, as business men gen
erally, it is alleged, believe that the re
ciprocity movement will amount to noth
ing. A meeting has been arranged for
Wednesday next, at which, although held
under the guise of reciprocity, it is said
the first gun in the campaign for annex
ation will be fired by Cuba's orators,
Senores Desvernine and Lanuza and the
Marauis de Montoro.
Cubans WTio Seek Annexation.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., Oct. 21,-The naval
academy football team for the first time
defeated the University of Pennsylvania
to-day by the narrow margin* of 6 to 5.
All the scoring was done in the first half.
The navy made the first score. Belknap
kicked frorn midfleld to Howard. Howard
fumbled and Soule fell on the ball. Penn
sylvania was penalized fi%'e yards for off
side play, thus bringing the ball on Penn
sylvania's five-yard line. Pennsylvania
was held twice for downs. The ball was
then on the four-yard line and Nichols
was shoved over for a touchdown. Strass
berger kicked a goal. Soon after this
Pennsylvania scored. Belknap was called
on to punt, Piekarski blocked and the
ball rolled behind the navy's eroal and
Snook fell on it. Reynolds failed at goai.
The Pennsylvanias tried hard in the sec-'
ond half to redeem themselves, but failed.
University of Philadelphia Loses
Football Match, by " Harrow
Margin of One Point.
NAVAL ACADEMY TEAM
DEFEATS THE STUDENTS
Distinguished Visitors
Addressed by Presi
dent Hadley.
NEW. HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 21.— Yale
University extended formal" welcome to
day to her returning sons and to the hun
dreds of. distinguished guests from other
institutions of learning who "are here to
attend the celebration of the bicentennial.
The welcome was voiced officially In Bat
tel Chapel this dffternoon by President
Arthur Twining Hadley of the university
and responses to the greeting were given
in behalf of the city, State and nation
and of the universities of Great Britain
and Continental Europe. Delegates from
thirty foreign universities and societies
and from 123 American Institutions were
represented in the audience, which filled
every part of the gray stone chapel.
The address by Thomas Thacher. M. A.,
of the New York bar was on- "Yale In It3
Relation to Law."
The hymn composed by the Rev. Dr.
Leonard Bacon, a former fellow of Yale,
and entitled "O God. Beneath Thy Guid
ing Hand," was rendered with fine effect
by a large chorus. \ '
William H. Welch, professor of pathol
ogy in Johns Hopkins University, was the
second speaker at the exercises in the
chapel.
A college song entitled "Gather Ye
Smiles From the Ocean Isles," composed
by Francis M. Finch of the Yale class of
1849, and sung on. the occasion of the one
hundredth and fiftieth anniversary of the
college, preceded*the address.
Until 3 o'clock in the afternoon formal
exercises were suspended, following the
address of Dr. Welch, but at that hour
the chief general feature "of the day's
programme was entered upon, when Pres
ident Hadley made his address of wel
come. '. -. \u25a0 \u25a0
In response congratulations to the uni
versity were extended by various speak
ers—for the graduates, ex-Senator Hig
gins of Delaware, class of 1861; for the
city of New Haven,, Mayor Johnson P.
Sturtey; for the State of Connecticut
Governor G. P. McLean; for, the nation
Senator O. H. Platt. 2;
Foreign- and American universities were
represented in the responses as follows:
The universities of Great Britain James
Williams, fellow of Lincoln College. Oxford
the universities of Continental Europe Federo
vich Martins of the University of St*. Peters
burg; universities of the South. Charles Wil
liam Dabney. president of the University of
Tennessee; universities of the West. William
Rayney Harper, president of the Unlversitv of
Chicago; universities of the East. Charles Wil
liam Eliot, president of Harvard University.
" Six thousand graduates and students of
Yale marched in .gay parade to-night in
celebration of the university's bicenten
nial. The march of the Sons of Ell was
through streets bordered with blue bril
liant with many hued lanterns and bright
with electric lights. ungnx
Accompanying the,. Yale students and
graduates were representatives of the
military and naval forces of the StaiW
Several sister institutions of learning rm,
tributed their auota of . membe n fo »""
slst in the parade. Harvard. Princeton"
Trinity and Wesleyan w?re represented
Starting from the campus the narad*
passed through the broad archwav «Mh
Phelps gate, and. encircling t^ g^een
ofi n ncl^^
sfa^on^ % m^ S^S&
route of the parade was tSh«l e
tial streets and thence through part It fe
business section to the residence «J ?> \u25a0
dent Hadley and back -tS t£ fclm^ 81 '
On the return to the campus tKhir^
or more bands played the 'tBonrV*® 1, , "I
Boxmakers Meet Candidates.
Boxmakers' and Sawyers' Union No. 132
held a high jinks and Labor party re
union last night at the Turk-street Tem
ple.' \u25a0 A varied programme of songs and
speeches furnished the pleasures of the
evening. Good things to eat and drink
were freely dispensed. Eugene E. Schmitz.
the Labor party's candidate for Mayor,
was the honored guest. Other candidates
upon the same ticket also addressed the
meeting and were cordially received. '
Painters Meet With Accident.
Henry Petersen. employed at palntfng
the residence of Claus Spreckels at Clay
street and Van Ness avenue, fell to the
ground, a distance of forty feet below,
yesterday. His ribs on both sides were
fractured and his legs were badly con
tused. Leon Snow fell from a staging
around a building: at the corner of Pino
and Larkin streets. He broke his arm
and was possibly injured internally. He
struck a clothes line in his descent, which
broke his falL \u25a0
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs—Bruns
wick won. Lux Casta second, Namtor third.
Time, l:20U.
Fifth race, one mile — Elegy won. Miss Almy
second, Anna Darling third. Time, 1:43.
Sixth race, two miles— The Rhymer won,
AVilliam H second. Time, 3:43. Only two
starters.
First race, steeplechase, about two and a
half miles — Eophone won, Walter Clearln sec
ond. Curfew Bell third. Time, 4:35'^.
Second race, Monday Handicap, seven and
a half furlongs— Redpath won. Peninsula sec
ond. Andy Williams third. Time, 1:35& j
Third race, the Goldsmith, six furlongs, sell
ing — Sister Juliet won. Grand Opera second,
Lady Sterling third. Time, 1:1<H4. - ,
Fifth race,, mile and a sixteenth, purse—Run
nells won. Peaceful second, Wax Taper third.
Time, 1:47.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, selling —
Southbreeze won, Sir Rolla second, Uterp
third. Time, 1:54&
NEW YORK,, Oct. 2t —Morris Park sum
mary:
Third race, six and a half furlongs, purse—
Our Lady won. Lasso second, Militant third.
Time, 1:21.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Orleans
won. Tremar second, Ad. Gibson third. Time,
1:13%.
First race, five furlongs, selling— Kilimand
Scharo won. Carat second, Mr. Timberlake
third. Time.. l:C2Vi. \u25a0 .
Second race,- mile and twenty yards, selling —
Omelia won, Honeywood second, Azetl third.
Time. 1:42%. \u25a0
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 21. — Fair Grounds summary
Fifth race, seven and. a half furlongs— B. G.
Fox won, Andes second, W\ B. Gates third.
Time, 1:34 1-5.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth— Omdurman
won. Searcher second, Joe Collins third. Time,
1:54.
Fourth race, one mile— St. Marcos won, W.
J. Deboe second, Ben Cart third. Time, 1:40 4-5.
Third -race, six furlongs— Lucien Appleby
won, Pyrrho, second, John ' A. Clark .third.
Time, 1:14 3-5. \u25a0 , \
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— Worth summary: •
First race, mile and a sixteenth— El Ghor
won, Lord Roberts second. Chorus Boy third.
Time. 1:48 1-5.
Second race, . six furlongs — The Pride \u25a0won,
Sea Queen second. Vulcan third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
Morris Park.
Eophone Captures the Steeplechase at
winners on Eastern tracks.
YALE WELCOMES
RETURNING SONS
Mr. Tobin concluded his address with a
strong tribute to the Supervisorial nomi
nees. He was cheered to the echo at the
close of his address.
Addresses were made during the evening
by Police Judges Fritz and Conlan. Dis
trict Attorney Lewis F. Byington, Super
visor J. P. Booth, Recorder Edmund God
chaux. Coroner Leland, John S. Wise. Dr.
George Dahlbender and Supervisor Sam
uel Braunhart.
cussed" the issues of the campaign in a
vigorous manner. He said that the Re
publican voters of San Francisco were
disappointed with thei rticket, the result
being a lack of enthusiasm and interest
in the outcome. Everywhere the candi
dacy of the Republican nominees was los
ing ground, while on the other hand, the
Democratic ticket was gaining strength.
He paid a tribute to Joseph S. Tobin, who
arrived during his address, and expressed
the conviction that he would sweep the
city.
Attempts were made to rfave candidates
speak, but the crowd yelled for Tobin,
and when he advanced a tremendous up
roar resulted. It was several minutes be
fore order was restored. Mr. Tobin said
in aart:
The administration of public affairs is a
business and not politics. Everything that
affects the welfare of a city is of vital inter
est to every good, honest citizen. Our schools,
parks and sanitation are the arteries of munici
pal life, and their preservation is the aim and
duty of all worthy citizens.
There are no issues in this campaign. It is
merely a fight between good and bad citizen
ship. You are the doctor. Elect honest men
and you will have a good government; elect
bad. subservient men and you will have a bad
government. In which camp shall ve find the
honest men? In which camp shall we find the
men who have been pledged to corporations at
the price of their nominations? How ha3 the
Republican Convention done its work? Every
body knows that the convention, masquerading
as Republicans, was composed of nothing save
puppets manipulated by party bosses. The Re
publican newspapers know it, and the Repub
licans as a body know it. They know the con
vention was dominated by big corporations, and
its creatures must serve them if elected. They
cannot serve the public under these circum
stances without proving recreant to the trust
reposed in them by their corporation masters.
In his speech at Metropolitan Hall Mr. Wells,
my opfjonent, said it was necessary that the
Mayor and Supervisors should be of the same
political faith. Where is the man who witl
vote for the Republican nominees for Super
visors?- Xot a single newspaper in San Fran
cisco supports that part of the ticket. Un
fortunately Mr. Wells" speech was so short it
gives me no ammupltion with which to fire
back. I say there is no honeat citizen who
looks with the light of his Intelligence upon
the Republican Convention as it was domi
nated and controlled who will vote the ticket
named by it. I am no politician and I did not
seek the nomination for Mayor for the salary
there is in It. but I felt that I had a right to
serve the city in which I was born. I stan^l
here unpledged and if I am elected it will
be because the- honest voters deem the Demo
cratic nominees to be better than their oppo
nents on the other side.
The interests which contributed to the
selection of Mr. Wells for Mayor have be
come alarmed at recent developments in
political circles, which threaten not only
Mr. Wells, but the entire Republican
ticket with defeat.. The bosses have de
cided that Mr. AVells must be elected at
any cost and orders have consequently
been issued to the push to trade the nom
inees for Supervisors in every possible
way for Wells votes.
Every effort will be made to save the
head of the ticket, he the fate of the re
maining candidates what it may. There
were several conferences between Wells'
managers and the representatives of the
bosses yesterday, the subject of discussion
being ways and means for repairing Mr.
Wells.' shattered fences. The determina
tion was formally reached to knife the
rest of the' ticket in Wells' interests and
orders to that effect were accordingly is
sued. >
Bosses Are Alarmed.
"I'll watch 'them closely when I am
Mayor," said he, dreamily. "I think the
Republican ticket will be elected. The
nominees stand on a good platform, one
which the labor element may accept with
confidence. There is a large quiet vote
in this city and I expect to poll heavily
from the class which says little but casts
its vot unfailingly on election day. I am
well satisfied with the situation."
"He is bitter against the party as a
general proposition." was the response,
evasively and slowly uttered. "We had a
talk in the presence of Grove Ayer, but
we could come to no terms. 1 wanted his
support, but he was disgusted with the
convention nominees, and refused to
recognize my claims to consideration at
the hands of The Call on party grounds."
"Did you at that time tell Mr. Spreckels
that you, too, were dissatisfied with many
of the nominees and particularly those for
Supervisors?"
"I believe I did say something of that
kind," answered Mr. Wells, musingly.
"Yes, I think I did."
"Didn't you tell him that if the Super
visors had been nominated first nothing
could have induced' you to accept any
place on the ticket?"
"Something like that."
"What is your present opinion concern
ing the Supervisorial nominees?"
"If I had seen the list of names," re
plied Mr. Wells earnestly, "I would no
more have accepted the nomination for
Mayor than give up my hope of going to
heaven when I die."
Mr. Wells qualified this statement by
saying that he did not mean that all the
nominees were bad. For instance, W. H.
Cobb, who, by the way, is managing Mr.
Wells' political fight, was an excellent
fellow, whose election would be of vast
benefit to the community. Within the last
few days, he added, he had been assured
"that he would like his fellow nominees."
"I don't enjoy it, I can assure you,"
replied Mr. Wells, dolefully.' "It's very
hard to be criticized so after living forty
years in a community. I never did a man
an injury in my lite. I think I enjoy the
respect and confidence of all who Know
me personally. Of course, now that I am
a candidate tor Mayor, I must resign my
self to the inevitable. The papers cannot
find anything of a private nature, upon
which to base their attacks, so tney
criticize me on political grounds. It is
notorious, however, that the Chronicle
opposes my candidacy because Mr. De
"young's brother-in-law was turned down
by the convention. Mr. Spreckels of The
Call also has a grievance."
"Will you explain its nature?"
Does Not Enjoy Criticism.
"Absolutely nothing," responded Mr.
Wells. "You see, at meetings of that kind
some dissatisfied people always gather.
You can't please "everybody."
"What do you think of tne attitude of
the Republican morning dailies toward
you?" -was asked.
ABA R. WELLS, candidate for
Mayor on the Republican ticket,
freely admitted to a Call repre
sentative yesterday that he was
dissatisfied with his party's
nominees for Supervisors. He stated with
positiveness that had he seen the list of
names- of the nominees before he was
asked to accept the nomination for Mayor,
"he would no more have accepted the
nomination than he would give up his
hope of going to heaven when he dies."
Mr. Wells was in a jovial mood yester
day. Some one connected with the county
committee had convinced him that his
reception at Metropolitan Hall Saturday
evehing "was an ovation and that his
speech was the sensation of the hour. The
Auditor was satisfied with the prospects,
and . his propensity . for discussing the
weighty issues of the campaign again
asserted itself to some purpose.
"What do you think or the Metropolitan
Hall meeting?" was asked.
"It was a delightful affair," answered
Mr. Wells. "Don't you think so? Why,
I can hear those shouts yet. The audience
,was a fine one from a political stand
point."
"What did those hisses mean?"
The other candidates that were present
ed to the voters of the Mission w*jre
Lewis F. Byington. Dr. T. B. W. Leland,
Judges Fritz and Conlan, J. S. Wardell.
Joseph Fassler. Edmond Godchaux. John
H. Wise. "William Bock. J. T. Booth. H.
TT. Brandensteln. Samuel Braunhart,
James Butler, John Connor. P. J. Curtis,
A. A. d'Ancona, L. J. Dwyer and Maurice
V. Samuels.
While T have promised to adhere to all the
planks of the Democratic platform, there ta
one In particular in regard to which 1 woul-3
like to reaffirm my faith. That is the on» re
ferring to the re-enactment of the Chinese
exclusion act.
\u2666 i sa £. tnat municipal government is not poli
tics, to this large conservative representation
of people of the Mission, with its thousands of
property owners, the question in th a cam
paign is, "Who are the men who have served,
me faithfully in the past and thus given prom
ise of serving me hest in the iu ure?" low
taxation is oae of the benefits whicn the prop
erty-owners desire. With them it is a tiuea
tlon of whether or no the government ia to bs
carried °n 'or the best interests of the people.
My opponent during his s P e.ch Saiuruay
nigni at Metropolitan Temple saia: "l ihirir;
that I know- much about the needs, the require
ments that are necessary to conduct ths af
fairs of our city government. I know that
the Mayor is clothed with extraordinary pow
ers and that many people are apt to mini' . n-it.
he is the whole thing. That is not »o. With
out the aid of a harmonious Board of Snppr
viaors the Mayor is comparatively harml-;«i
and he has a hot place. Therefore I sa l- 'n«»i
it is Important, very imoortant. that the Mayor
should be surrounded bv a Board of- Sup-"r
visors of the same political faith as himself."
Now I would like to call the attention of th9
afternoon paper which is advocating the elec*
tion of Mr. Wells and the defeat of the Re
publican candidates for Supervisors to the
foregoing statement. Mr. Wells complimented
the Democratic Board of Supervisors, yet h*
advocates the selection of the Republican nom
inees.
Municipal government is business, not roll
tics. I desire to talk to you plainly and sin
cerely, as one business man to another. I am
not here as a politician to gather your votes.
II a man should come to me with votes to sell
I would at once convince him that he had
come to the wrong man. I am in the cam
paign to be elected, but not at such a price.
I am desirous of expressing my utter abhor
rence for those v.-ho have in the pas: fed
themselves fat on the emaciated body politic
of San Francisco.
JOSEPH S. TOBIN, the Democratic
candidate for Mayor, and the other
nominees on the Democratic ticket
addressed a large and enthusias
tic meeting of the citizens and
property holders of the Mission last
night in Mission Opera Hall. During the
meeting, which was by far the largest
assemblage of voters in that section of
the city during the present campaign, the
greatest enthusiasm was displayed. Can
didate Tobin in his address declared that
he stood for the conducting of the affairs
of the municipality on a strictly business
basis, that he favored low taxes on prop
erty and finally that he was unalterably
opposed to the admission of Asiatics to
competition with American free labor.
Charles D. South called the meeting to
order and introduced Stephen V. Cos
tello as the chairman of the evening. Mr.
Costello in introducing the Democratic
standard-bearer declared that the election
of Mr. Tobin's opponent meant the return
of Kelly and Criramins, with their ac
companying gang of corruptionists, to
tne control of the municipality. In conv
paringv the Democratic and the Republi
can candidates for Mayor he said that tb
former was young, energetic and fr*
from all corporation control, while the
latter was incapacitated by age and the
professed nominee of corrupt bosses.
When Candidate Tobin was introduced,
he received cheers which lasted for mora
than a minute. After expressing his ap
preciation of the hearty reception accord
ed him, Mr. Tobin spoke in part as fol
lows :
p~r|»=a HE list of entries to the first ten
f \\ sCakes of the Dew California
1 .Jockey Club were Issued. -for pub
• II lication 'yesterday and it can be
safely predicted that the corrring
season will be the greatest in the. history
of local racing. Among the nominators
appear the names of such prominent
Eastern turfmen as W. C. Whitney, Au
gust Belmont. Andrew Miller, P. Ryan,
J. G. Foyansbee and J. H. McCormick.
•vibile of the California owners ' Prince
Poniatowski, W. O'B. Macdonough, A.
B. Spreckels and Burns .& Waterhouse
are amonjr the best known.
A comparison shows a flattering 'in
crease bver the entry list to the same
number of stakes last season, and the
caliber of horses entered is of much high
er class. Jo the Opening handicap there
were 52 entries; Produce Exchange hand
icap, 67; Golden. Gate selling stake, 69;
Crocker handicap, 64; Thanksgiving hand
icap. 57; Burlingtune selling stake, 60;
Truxton Beale handicap. 66; Junior stake,
63; Christmas • handicap, 59, and New
Year's handicap, 73.
Entries for the Burns handicap and
other rich fixtures to be decided later on
in the season close on November 4.
The programme for the first two weeks
of racing at Oakland, comprising purses
and over nisht events, will be issued to
morrow. The amounts range from $400 for
over night purses to 5600 for handicaps.
The stable of Green Morris was due to
arrive yesterday at the track across tne
bay.
Following is a complete list of the en
tries to the ten «takes: \u25a0
§15OO. THE OPENING HANDICAP.
A handicap for three-year-olds and upward.
Weights to be published Monday, October 28.
Acceptances to be made at the track before
11 a. m., Friday, November 1. To be run Sat
urday. November ", 1901. One mile— J. P. At
kin. Diderot; E. J. Baldwin & Co.; La Goleta;
C. T. Boots, Argregor; Burns & Waterhouse,
All Green. Banger, Bernoia, Favonius, Scotch
Plaid Dangerous Maid; B. A. Chilson, Montal
latJe: J. Coffey, Rio Shannon; J. Creeley.
Position- C. W. Chappell. Spike. De Capo;
Frank Doss, Impromptu; J. H. Dolan, Maresa;
C. E. Durnell, Lavator; H. L. Frank, Hager
don; J. G. Follansbee, Roehampton; John
G:vc-ns, Rosormonde; John Hackett, Yellow
Tail; W. H. Ketcheman, Rushfields, Bell
Punch; Ed Lannigan. Rubi<"on; W. C. de li.
Lopez, Articulate; Monidah Stable. Pope Leo;
George W. Miller, Varro. Sir Hampton; G. B.
Morris, Tower of Candles, Janice, Water Cure,
AutUight; F. W. Miner, Hard Knot; W. O'B.
Macd'inougii. Beau Ormonde; F. J. O'Rourke.
The Frettrr; Owen Bros, Flush of Gold; P.
Ryar. Icicle, Obia, Nones; Dr. H. E. Rowell,
Imperious; R. A. Smith, Greyfeld. Marechal
Neil, Edna Brown; Matt Storn. Morinel. Sunel
lo; John W. Schorr. Greenock, Ordnung, Bab,
F. W. Brode; C. G. White. Rey Dare; Ray
Wilson. Byron Rose; W. C. Whitney, Paul
Clifiord. ' ..-.
$1500. THE PRODUCE EXCHANGE
• STAKES. •
For twb-jrear-olds that have not won. a stake
prior to the time of closing. To be run . Sat
urday, November 9. 1S01. Six furlongs— W. E.
Applegate, Magical; J. P. Atkfn, Jarretiere
d'Or. Glendenning: E. J. Baldwin & Co.. Cru
zados. Efccslante, El Chihuahua: August Bel
mom, Donna Honora: C. T. Boots. The Giver,
Mythrox: Burns & Waterhouse. Blackthorn,
El Pillar, Killdoe: D. Cameron, Parizade,
Shell Mount; C. TV. Chappell, Lady Dew;
Chinn & Forsythe, Rubus, Matin Bell, Briton;
J. Coffey, Evea G; C E. Durnell, Yrsula. Dr.
McNutt: L. H. Ezell. Landseer; M. J. Daly.
Sir Tom Tidier; Doble & Co., Louwelsea,
Huachuca: Fred'Edwards, Botany; W. P. Fine,
Yellowstone. Prestonian; P. Guilfoyle, Redan;
P. Howley, RoEarie; W. B. Jennings & Co..
Milas, Presta.no; W. H. Keteheman. Illowaho,
Halmetta : Edward Lannigan, Hainault. St.
Phillippina; C. Lind, Muresca. Lass of IJang
den; AVilliam G. Matthews. Augato; Andrew
Miller, Honolulu; P. Moore, Victoria S; Mon
tana Stables, Dandy, Cayenne Pepper; G. B.
Morris. Ol<1 England, Rameses; Sandy Mc-
Naughton. Montoya; F. Phillips, Moavina, Rud
Hyincka; Dr. H. E. Rowell, Sol Llchtenstein;
B. Schwlber, Satchel, Baltest; John W. Schorr,
Commissioner Forester, John Peters; G. W.
Scott. 'Rosy Cross; A. J. Stemler & Co.. Phyllis;
Gill Summers, Rnbi no. "Water Scratch; A. B.
Spreckels. Oratossa, Snooze. Headstrong; P.
Stanton, Frank Jones: William C: Whitney,
Gold Seeker; H. I. Wilson. The Weaver, Min
taka. Flourish, Winnecook; Zahn Bros., An
geleno.
$1500. THE GOLDEN GATE SELL
ING STAKES.
For three-year-olds and upward. To be run
Saturday. November 16, 1901. Seven furlongrs—
J. Atkin. Diderot: E. J. Baldwin & Co.. Rio
de Altar: J. G. Brown & Co.. Diomed; Burns
& Waterhouse, Bangor. Bernota, Scotch Plaid;
B. A. Chilson, Montallade; C. W. Chappell.
De Capo; J. Coffey, Rio Shannon, Goldone:
M. Cone, Barbara.. Freitchie; P. Corrig-an. Raci
van; W. E. Cotton. Gawaine: Doble & Co.,
Xorford: J. H. Dolan, Maresa;' Frank Doss,
Impromptu; School for Scandal; C. E. Durnell,
Levator. Slap Dash; Fred Edwards. Etta H:
W. W. Elliott. Htlee. Miss Mae Day; D. S.
Fountain. Doublet: H. L. Frank, Hagerdon;
John Hackett. Formero; P. Howley, Gusto;
VT. B. Jennings & Co., Redwaid, The Scot;
H. L. Jones & Co., Headwater: S. Judge,
Porapino; John Kane. William F; W. •. H.
Ketcheman, Bell Punch; C. Lind, Pupil: A.
M. Linnell & Co., Goal Runner; William G.
Matthews. Captain Gaines; George W. Miller,
Varro, Sir Hampton; F. W. Miner, Hard Knot;
Monidah Stable, Algareta: G. B. Morris Be
deck. Tower of Candles; James H. McCormick
Sweet Tooth: J. McGovern, Horton; Mrs. F.
O'Connor. Malster; Owen Bros.. Flush of Gold
n. P. Rithet. Broadbrim; John H. Rothert
Censor: Dr. H. E. Rowell. Imperious. Vain-
P. Ryan. Mark Twain. Icicle. Obia: John W.
Fehorr. Ordnung-. Timemaker, Greenock. F. W
Brod»; P. Phendan, Sir Dougald: W. M. Slnan
Mssgie Davis: R. A. Smith. Marechal Nell'
Edna Brown; W. L. Stanfleld. David S; A j'
Stemler. Tillie Andrews; Gill Summers Tru»
Blue: O. G. White. Rey Dare; William C.
Trotting to wagon, half-mile heats— Major
McGreer won two straight . heats. Best time,
1:04%. Ellert. Louise Jefferson and Dr. Book
also started. ; '>
; 2:25 class pacing, $1000 — Casonda won two
straight heats. Best- time, 2:O9Vi- Interna
tional Queen, Tom Keene, Riley McKean, Maud
E and Roxie Hunter also started.
To beat 2:02 pacing to wagon— Little Boy, br.
g.. by.Kenton (Billings). Time. .2:01^.
2:18 class trotting-, $1000— Coldnel Cochrane
won the second and third heats. Best time,
2:10U- Border won the first .heat In 2:11%. Red
Princess, Una Belle, Betsy Tell and Kimono
also started.
At the second start Billings nodded for
the word, and, accompanied by a running
horse. Little Boy fairly flew around the
circuit. The quarter was stepped in :31Vi,
the half In 1:01%, the three-quarters in
1:31*4 and the mile in 2:01%. When the
figures were displayed the crowd cheered
the horse and driver to the echo. Sum
mary;
2:14 class trotting, $3000— Janice won the first
and \u25a0 second heats. Best time, 2:09. Llta W
won the third heat in 1:C4% (half mile). Wau
bun. Miss Whitney, Charley Mac, Palm Leaf
and Dolly Bldwell also started. \u25a0
The feature of the flay was the success
ful a^empt of Little Boy, owned and
driven by C. K. B. Billings of Chicago, to
lower his world's pacing record to wagon
of 2:02. .
MEMPHIS, Term., Oct. 21.— The trotting
association opened its fall meeting' to-day
under most favorable -weather and track
conditions. • J
Asa R. Wells, the candidate for Mayor on the Republican ticket, has virtually repudiated
the majority of the nominees for Supervisor] on the ticket of which he is the head. In an inter
view with a Call reporter yesterday Mr. Wells said that he ivould under no circumstances have
accepted the' nomination for Mayor had he first seen a list of names of candidates for Supervisors
to run with him on the same ticket. He said:
"If I had seen the list of names I would no more have accepted the nomination for Mayor
than give tip my hope of. going to heaven zvhen'I die."
. Mr. Wells does not condemn all the nominees, however. He spoke in favorable terms of his
political manager, W. H. Cobb, who, he said, zcas an excellent fellow', whose election ivould be of
benefit to the community. j ; j
RENOUNCES REPUBLICAN NOMINEES FOR SUPERVISORS.
Owner Billings and His Game
Horse Warmly Cheered
by Spectators.
TO PAY PENALTY
MONDAY MORNING
A handicap for two-year-olds and upward.
To be run Wednesday. January 1, 1902. One
mile and an eighth — J. P. Atkin, Efiderot.
Achilles; W. E. Applegate, Magi; August Bel
mont. Fatuity; Frank D. Boas, Frangible: C.
T. Boots. Argregor, The Giver: Burlingame
Stock Farm, Brutal: Burns & Waterhouse. All
Green, Bangor, Bernota, Favonfus. Scotch
Plaid; C. W. Chappell, Spike: Chinn & For
sythe. Rubus, Briton: J. Coffey, Goldone, Rio
Shannon; M. Cone, Barbara Freltchle, Bomb
shell; M. J. Daly. Sir Lewis; Doble & Co..
Louwelsea. Huachuca. Norford; C. E. Dur
nell. Lavator. Slap Dash: W. W. Elliott, Mis,s
Mae Day: L. H. Ezell. Flying Torpedo; John
Givens. Rosormonde; Perry Hildreth, Capti
vate; TO B. Jennings, V«suvian; W. B. Jen
nings & Co., Andrisa: John Kane, Sylvan Laps;
W, H. Ketcheman, Rushfields; Ed Lannigran.
Rubicon: A. M. Linnell & Co.. Goal Runner:
W. C: de B. Lopez, Articulate: James H Mc-
Cormlck, Ben Mac Dhui. Somerset; George W.
Miller, Varro; Monidah Stable, Lake Mills;
G. B. Morris, Sombrero. Imp. Royal Flush,
Janice, "Water Cure, Autolight: F. J. O'Rourke,
The Fretter; J. H. Rothert, Bohul; Dr H E
Rowell, Imperious, Sol .Lichtenstein; P. Ryan"
Icicle. Obla, Nones, The Pride. Constellator'-
John W. Schorr, Greenock. F. W. Brode, Joe
Krey, Bab. Ordnung; B. Schreiber. Forte: R.
A. Smith. Colonel Roosevelt. Greyfeld Mare
chal Nell, Edna Brown: W. L,. Stanfleld
David S. Jim Hale; A. J. Stemler & Co Ar
baces; Matt Storn. Morinel; Thompson Bros
Sidney Lucas; William C. Whitney, Lady
Godiva; Ray Wilson, Byron Rose; Caesar
Young. Sea Lion.
$2000. THE NEW YEAR HAND
ICAP.
A handicap for three-year-olds and upward.
To be run Wednesday, December 25, 1901. \u25a0 One
mile and a quarter— J. P. Atkin, Diderot; Frank
Boas, Frangible; C. T. Boots, Argregor; Bur
lingame Stock Farm, Brutal: Burns & Water
house, All Green. Bangor, Bernota. Favonius,
Scotch Plaid; J. Coffey. Goldone, Rio, Shannon;
M. Cone, Barbara Freitchie. Bombshell; W.*.&
Cotton. Gawaine: Doble & Co., Norford; C. E.
Durnell, Lavator, Slap Dash: L. H. Ezell,
Flying Torpedo: J- G. Follansbee. Roehamp
ton; John Givens. Rosormonde: W. B. Jennings,
Vesuvian; W. B. Jennings & Co., Andrisa;
John Kane, Sylvan Lass; W. H. Ketcheman,
Rushfields; A. M. Linnell & Co., Goal Runner;
W. C. de B. Lopez, Articulate; W. O'B. Mac
donough. Beau Ormonde; James H. McCormick,
Ben Mac Dhui. Alcedo; Monidah Stable, Lake
Mills; G. B. Morris, imp. "Royal Flush. Auto
lisht, Janice, Water Cure; P. J. O'Rourke,
The Fretter; J. H. Rothert, Bohul; Dr. H. E.
Rowell, Imperious; P. Ryan, Icicle, Obia,
Nones, The Pride, Constellator: John W.
Schorr. Greenock. Joe Frey. Bab. F. W. Brode,
Ordnung: B. Schreiber. Forte: R. A. Smith,
Colonel Roosevelt, Greyfeld. Marechal Neil.
Edna Brown; A. J. Stemler & Co., Arbaces;
Matt Storn, Morinel, Sunello; Thompson Bros.,
Sidney Lucas; William C. Whitney. Black
Dick, Paul Clifford. *
$3000. THE CHRISTMAS HAND-
ICAP.
Fcr two-year-olds. To be run Saturday, De
cember 21, 1901. Seven furlongs— J. P. Atkin.
Glendenning, Achilles, Jarretiere d'Or; W. E.
Applegate, Magi, Magical; E. J. Baldwin &
Co., Cruzados, • Escalante, \u25a0 El Chihuahua;
August Belmont, Namtor; . C. T. Boots, The
Ghvr, Jingler, Mythrox; Burlingame Stock
Farm. Ishtar; Burns & Waterhouse, Black
thorn. Corrigan; El Pillar, Rosewar; D. Cam
eron, Parizade, Shell Mount; C. W. Chappell.
Pirate Maid, Tufts; Chinn & Forsythe, Rubus,
Matin Bell, Briton; M. J. Daly. Sir Tom Tid
ier; Doble . & Co., Louwelsea, Huachuca,
Innocencia; C. E. Durnell, .Yrsula, Dr.
McNutt; Fred Edwards, Botany; L. H.
Ezell, Landseer; W. P. Fine, Yellowstone, Pres
tonlan; J. G. Follansbee. Cameron; P. Guil
foyle. Redan: W. B. Jennings & Co., Minerva,
Milas; W. H. Ketcheman, Illowaho; A. M.
Linnell, Axminster; Sandy. McNaughton,
Montoya; Andrew Miller, • Honolulu; Mon
tana Stable. Dandy, Cayenne Pepper, Pepper
Sauce; G. B. Morris. ' Rameses; Frank Phillips,
Moabina; Frank Phillips & Co., Rud Hynicka;
E. W. Purser, Carlo; Dr. H. E. Rowell, Sol
Lichter.stein ; John W. Schorr, Commissioner
Forester, John Peters; B. Schreiber, Satchel;
A. B. Spreckels.' Headstrong, Oratossa; A. J.
Stemler & Co., Phyllis. Divina: Gill Summers,
Water Scratch; William C. Whitney, Lady
Godiva; H. I. Wilson, . The Weaver, Flourish,
Mintaka, Winnecook. ' \u25a0„ \u25a0
$1500. THE JUNIOR STAKES.
Lopez, Articulate; W. O'B Macdonough, Beau
OrmonOe;- James H. > McCoimick, Ben Mac
Dhui. Lone Fisherman; Andrew Miller, Ani
mosity; George- W. Miller, Varro; F. W. Miner,
Hard Knot;- Monidah Stable, Pope Leo; G. B.
Morris. Tower cf Candles, Janice, Water Cure.
Autolight; Mrs. F. O'Connor, Malster; F. 3.
O'Rourke, The Fretter; R. P. Rithet, Broad
brim; Dr. H. E. Rowell. Imperious; P. Ryan,
Icicle. Obia, Nones, The Pride, Constellator;
John W. Schorr, Joe Frey. Ordnung, F. W.
Brode, Greenock, Bab; G. W. Scott, Fridolin;
P. Sheridan, Sir Dougald; R. A. Smith, Grey
feld. Marechal Neil, Edna Brown; W. L. Stan
fleld, Jim Hale; A. J. Stemler & Co., Arbaces;
C. G. White, Rey Dare; William C. Whitney,
Black Dick; Ray Wilson, Byron Rose; Caesar
Young, Eonic; Sea Lion. \u25a0 ,!
DEADLIER GROWS
FEUD OF JURISTS
A handicap for three-year-olds and upward.
To be run Saturday December 14, 1901. One
mile— J. P. Atkln. Diderot; C T. Boots. Ar
gresor. Cougrar. MacGyle; Burns & Water
house. AH Green. Bangor. Bernota, Favonius,
Scotch Plaid; C. "W. Chappell. De Capo; B. A.
Chilson. Montallade: J. Coftey, Goldone, Rio
Shannon; J. Creeley, Position; Doble & Co.,
Norford: W. W, Elliott. Miss Mae Day, Hilee;
D. S. Fountain. Doublet: John Glvens, Rosor
monde: Perry Hildreth. Captivate; *V. B. Jen
ning?, Vesuvlan; W. B. Jennings & Co.. An
drisa; H. L. Jones & Co.. Headwater; S.
Judge, . Pomplno; \V. H. Ketcheman, Kenil
worth. Bell Punch; Ed Lannigan, Rubicon; A.
M. Llnnell & Co.. Goal Runner; W. C. de I?.-
SI 500. THE TBUX. BEALE HAND
ICAP.
For three-year-olds and upward. To b'e run
Saturday, December 7, 1901. One mile and a
sixteenth— J. P. Atkin. Diderot; E. J. Baldwin
& Co., La Goleta; A. G. Blakely, Anthracite;
C. T. Boots. MacGyle: J. G. Brown & Co..
Wyoming; Burns & Waterhouse, Bangor. Ber
nota. Dangerous Maid. Prejudice, Scotch Plaid;
C. W. Chappell, Spike; J. Coffey, Goldone, Rio
Shannon; M. Cone, Barbara Freitchie; P. Cor
rigan, Commonwealth's Attorney; W. E. Cot
ton. «awaine; Doble & Co.. . Norford; C. E.
Dumell. Lavator. Slap Dash; W. W. Elliott.
Miss Mae Day; L. H. Kzell, Flying Torpedo:
F. R. Gallagher. Intrada; John Hackett. For
mero; W. B. Jennings & Co., Redwald; John
Kane, Sylvan Lass; W. H. Ketcheman, Rush
flelds, Bell Punch. Free Lance; A. M. Linnell
& Co.. Goal Runner; William G. Matthews,
Captain Gaines; James H. McCormick. Lone
Fisherman, Sweet Tooth; J. McGovern, Horton;
George W. Miller. Varro; F. W. Miner, Hard
Knot; G. B. Morris, Bedeck, Autolight. Tower
of Candles; Mrs. F. O'Connor. Malater; J. H.
Rothert. Bohul; Dr. H. E. Rowell, Imperious:
P. Ryan, Icicle. Obia, Nones, The Pride, Con
stellator; John W. Schorr, Greenock, Ordnnng,
Bab. F. W. Brode; W. L. Stanfleld, David S.
Jim Hale; R. A. Smith. Greyfeld. Marechal
Neil, Edna Brown; A. J. Stemler & Co., Ar
baces; Matt Storn. Sunello; William C. Whit
ney. Rowdy. Black Dick; Caesar Young, Sea
Lion.
ING STAKES.
SI 500. THE BURLINGAME SELL-
A handicap for three-year-olds and upward.
To bo run Thursday, November 2S. 1901. One
mile and an eighth— J. P. Atkin. Diderot; K.
J. Baldwin & Co., La Goleta: August Belmont,
Brigadier: A.' G. Blakeley, Anthracite; C. T.
Boots, Argregor. MacGyle; Burns & Water
house, All Green, Bangor, Favonius, Scotch
Plaid. Bernota; J. CoiTey. Goldone, Rio Shan
non; M. Cone. Barbara Freitchie; W. E. Cot
ton. Gawaine; C. E. Durnell, Lavator. Slap
Dash; L. H. Ezell Flying- Torpedo; J. G. Fol
lansbee, Roehampton: John Givens, Rosor
monde; W. B. Jennings, Vesuvian; John Kant,
Sylvan Lass; W. H. Ketcheman, Rushflelds,
Bell Bunch; Ed Lannigan, Rubicon: A. M. Lin
nell & Co.. Goal Runner: W. C. de B. Lopez,
Articulate; W. O'B. Macdonough, Beau Or
monde; James H. McCormick, Ben Mac Dhui;
George Miller. Sir Hampton; P. W. Miner,
Hard Knot; Monidah Stable, Pope Leo; G. B.
Morris. Water Cure. Janice. Autolight; F.
J. O'Rourke. The Fretter; J. H. Rothert,
Bchul; I>r. H. E. Rowell. Imperious; P. Ryan,
Icicle, Obia. Nones; John W. Schorr, Joe Frey-
Greenock. F. W. Bi;ode, Bab, Ordnung; R. A.
Smith, Greyfeld. Marechal Neil, Edna Brown;
W. L. Stanfield, David S. Jim Hale; A. J.
Stemler & Co., Arbaces; Matt Storn, Morinel;
Thompson Bros., Sidney Lucas; William C.
Whitney, Black Dick; Ray Wilson, Byron Rose;
Caesar Young, Sea Lion.
$2500. THE THANKSGIVING
HANDICAP.
A handicap for two and three-year-olds. To
be run Saturday. November 23,. 1901. Six and
a half furlongs— \V. E. Applegate, Magi, Magi
cal; J. P. Atkin, Diderot, Glendenning,
Achilles, Jarretiere d'Or; Burns & Waterhouse,
All Green, Corrigan. Rosewar, Bernota; C. W.
Chappell, Pirate Maid. Tufts; Chinn & For
sythe, Rubus. Briton, Matin Bell; P. CorriKan,
Cuban Girl; Doble & Co., Innocencia, Lrouwel
sea, Huachuca; Frank Doss, Impromptu, School
for Scandal; C. E. Durnell, Slap Dash; L". H.
Ezell, Landseer; J. D. Fitzgerald, On Time,
Carlonlan; J. G. Follansbee, Cameron; I). S.
Fountain. Morelia; P. Guilfoyle. Redan; Perry
Kildreth, Captivate; \V. B. Jennings & Co.,
The Sect; W. H. Ketcheman, Illowaho. Kenil
worth: \f. C. de B. Lopez, Articulate; W. O'B.
Macdonough, Beau Ormonde; William G. Mat
thews, Arigator; Sandy McNaughton, Montoya;
Montana Stable, Dandy; G. B. Morris, Tower
of Candles. Janice, Sombrero; E. W. Purser,
Carlo; Dr. H. E. Rowell. Sol Llchtenstein;
P. Ryan, Mark Twain, Icicle, Obia; G. W. Scott,
Fridolin: B. Schreiber. Satchel; J. W. Schorr,
Joe Frey; R. A. Smith, Marechal Neil, Edna
Brown; A. B. Spreckels, Snooze. Oratossa; \\\
L,. Stanfield. David &, Jim Hale; A. J. Stem
lt-r & Co., Tillie Andrews, Phyllis. Dlvina;
Gill Summers, Water Scratch; S. P. Tate, Lu
cidia; C. G. White, Rey Dare; Ray Wilson,
Byron Rose; William C. Whitney, Paul Clif
ford; Caesar Young. Eonic, Malarpina.
SI 500. THE CROCKER HANDICAP.
Whitney. Paul Clifford. Rowdy; Caesar Young,
Mee'.ianus, Sea Lion, Eonic.
"Little Boy" Clips Off a
Quarter Second in a
Mile Drive.
He Declares That if the List Had First Been Presented to Him He
Would Never Have Accepted the Republican Nomination for
| Mayor—Democratic Candidates Address Two Rousing Meetings
Stakes of the- New California Jockey Club Show a Surprising List
of Materia,!—- -Colors of W. C. Whitney, August Belmont and
Other Prominent Turfmen Will Be Sported on the Local Tracks
GREAT EASTERN STABLES MAKE
ENTRIES AND WILL RACE HERE
CANDIDATES FOR SUPERVISORS
REPUDIATED BY ASA R. WELLS
LOWERS WORLD'S
PACING RECORD
THE SAN FKANGISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/-'T" N \ > _ ' When *
_ • woman \\
\ v •*• nervous her
(/ -vmagina-
/O T> *S tion gives
I *^/"> *' r*\* fantastic'
V^ ««£^ S and threat-
V-A shtpv
— the most fa-
__ —\u25a0*-"" " miliar ob-
jjgjv jects. By day
/Wi<h she starts in fear
o*"""^" C_\iL j?L at ever y sudden
1 VC^^'\ or unfamiliar
\ / / I */ 5^S > sound. By
I—- £.. \/..- ' V^-- / n *£k± tne furni-
N^^fc^ngji 1 ! "-ir^ f ture of her room
takes on af-
frighting forms
jffiffif§JB§|g^_ o / ghost or gob-
lin. You can't
¥%5Sam§P§c0> reason tn the
•» jffiSWfffr — \u25a0»;"- Neither
rgjttggr «s**' \ ] O gi c nor ] ove
B^ can quiet them.
F They must bo
nourished and then the outcry of the
nerves will cease as naturally as a hun-
gry child ceases to cry when fed.
For nervous women there is no better
tonic and nervine than Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription. It cures the dis-
eases which produce nervousness in
women, irregularity, debilitating drains,
inflammation, ulceration and female
weakness. It tranquillizes the nerves,
encourages the appetite, and induces re-
freshing sleep. 'tffipi: '
"When I began taking your medicine I was
not able to stand on my feet ten minutes at a
time," writes Mrs. Hattie Borradaile. of 113
Spring: Street, NashviUe. Tenn. "Had falling
of uterus, and kidney and liver disease, and was
so weak and nervous I could not keep stilL
would take nervous epells and almost die at
times. I had several different doctors attend-
ing, but they could not do me apy g-ood. The
last one I had said I would never get up again.
Told him that I was taking your ' Favorite Pre-
scription' and 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and
he said. 'Might just as. well take that much
water each day.* But I thought I would pive the
medicine a ffiir triaL Before I had finished the
*5rst two bottles I was able to get outside th*
house and walk around the yard. I kept ci
taking the medicines and they cured me."
Dr. Pierce's PeJlets cure biliousness.
g»»»"»»^»v'Tt;;;;!!r!i?!f!;!i!;iiii)iiW|
]§§ 20 th Century]
j I inherits three great things, viz.: \u25a0 •
j \ Steam, , H
; [ Electricity |
I Hunter j
Baltimore Rye
t\ ' \u25a0 The latter supplies the nesd S
g , of csnrurlss for the finest \u2666•
g - type of the purest whiskey. H
** ' **'' \u2666•
8 C 5?S7 T £ W1SE cosaussio* co, im. 5
i* 2Z3£25CaUfonilaSt..S&aFr&nclsco,C«l. ~
5 Telephone ilaiasri Jt
' »»??» M??»»»l !H?«»<M» «\u2666« «»\u2666\u2666\u2666?»
, ********************* >>>\u2666«\u2666\u2666» MM lit iti>i>>i^«*
> • - ...... - ."-...
-— j- - .. _ .companion of miss stone, the
american missionary ab
ducted' by brigands.
SANTA CRUZ;' Oct. 21.— J. Bodie to-day
pleaded guilty to smuggling ; liquor into
the County Jail and. was sentenced to ono
year in . Polsom, .When the . crime - was
* committed ' Bodie . was . serving \u25a0 a term. • for
disturbing the peace.' He ia an ex-jon-
Vlct, . .
Smuggles Idquor Into/Jail.
Christmas Is Coining
And our new line of leather goods for the
fall and holiday trade is here, consisting
of walrus, seallon, buffalo, hippopotamus,
Texas steer, seal and alligator skins, such
as pocket and bill booka, letter, card and
cigar cases, lap tablets, chatelaine bags,
suitcases, traveling bags- and traveling
rolls, cameras,- memorandum books, I etc.
We will letter everythinar free of charge
the same as- last year, Call now or any
other time and we shall be ready^to wait
on you . whenever you are ready to -see
this line of goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street, • ; •
Crushed' by a Falling Rock.
NAPA, Oct. 21.— John Garibaldi, a native
of Italy, was crushed to death this after
noon by a falling rock at.Hewing's etone
quarry.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 21.— The Islander
inquiry closed to-day and the finding of
the court will be given on Wednesday
morning. Captain Lo Blanc, pilot of the
lost steamer, advanced the opinion on the
witness stand to-day that some of the
bulkhead doors must have been open, and
denied all the stories of drunkenness on
the part of \u25a0 himself and the late Captain
Foote. Two firemen told of the closing of
the stokeroom bulkhead door after the
Bteamer Btruck, and other evidence was
given that all the doors were Bhut.
Islander Inquiry Closes.
This is almost a case of Insubordination on,
board of a ship* at sea. If the < apta'.n had
usad his authority as master of the ship and
the enRineers had refused to cbay all would
have been held . liable to revocation of the r
papers, but It seems by the evidence they
slc~>ed the letter Just at the simple request of
their chief, -without any consideration of the
consequences, which, to say the least, was a
cowardly act and ought to be condemned by all
good men who go to sea.
There seerrs to be no que-tion but that the
ship . was in good condl.lon to rerfo.m her
voyage, and 1 . If Mr. Cree, the chief, had been
in his right mind he never would have in
fluenced his assistants to -co-operate with him
In signing [ the. letter named within.
"Leaky boilois and poor coal," and then they
had -a letter written and handed to the cap
tain. > The captain, being a young man with
out much experience, submitted to their le
quest and decided without further controversy
to return to his home port for repairs to tho
boilers and to get better coal. .
\u25a0 Here was a ship well on her passage to her
port of destination, and at .Dutch Hatbor
plenty of coal could be had, If the 3000 tons
the ship had on board was not sufficient to
make steam. But the simple-minded man at
the head of the engineer 8" department dis
covered all at once that the coal was poor and
a few of the tubes were leaking, which h«
cave as his reason for not proceeding on the
voyage. AVhen the shlp-.w.'*' iuaded tor a home
port there was no trouble ab:ut kseping up
steam, as the log shows a speed of nine and
a half and ten knots on her run up the straits.
SEATTLE, Oct. 21.— Captain John Al
win, master of the steamship Garonne,
has had his license suspended for ninety
days, and Duncan Cree, her chief en
gineer, suffers the revocation of his
papers, for bringing the vessel, which
sailed on September 20 for Nome, back
to this port, on the ground that it was
unsafe, owing to "leaky boilers and poor
coal," to proceed on the voyage. The
Board of Inspectors' decision, in part,
follows : .
To the great surprise of all on board, it
seems, all of the engineers, headed by th-j
chief, concluded they could not perform th'j
passage to Cape' Nome, giving as their reason
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 21.— The temperature
to-day reached 95 degrees by 11 o'clock,
the highest here since May 25, 1896, when
98 degrees was recorded. This is the first,
time the temperature has touched 90 since
October, 1899, when 93 degrees was regis
tered. It is also the highest temperature
ever recorded in October at this Weather
Bureau station. The wind Js from the
desert and. is hot and dry. A hot wave
is predicted for to-morrow and Wednes
day. Fortunately there are no crops
which can be harmed by the extreme
heat. People coming in from the desert
report the heat almost unbearable. \u25a0 .
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— The Sacra
mento Valley is experiencing unprece
dentedly hot weather for this season of
the year. The mercury to-day reached 84
degrees, and the indications are for con
tinued warm -weather. So far as reports
have been received from the farming dis
tricts adjacent to this city, no harm Is
being done by the continued warm spell,
which, if anything, is proving an advan
tage to late grapes and other fruits. The
people generally are hoping for a rain
storm to clarify the atmdsphere and im
prove health conditions.-
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 21.-For the past
week the weather in this city and vicin
ity has been unsettled during the morn
ings and evenings, with light, uncertain
winds during the afternoons. • The tem
perature to-day was 85 degrees. Monday
and Wednesday of last week were warm,
while on Thursday tho heat was notice
able. This morning was cool, as was this
evening, the mercury reaching the highest
point at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon. The
prediction for to-morrow is cloudy weath
er and light winds. . . \u25a0 .
FRESNO, Oct. 21.— This county Is hav
ing a spell of .very pleasant weather. To
day, the hottest of the past /week, the
maximum temperature has been 86 de
grees. Everything ia favorable for the
drying of the raisins. '
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— At noon to
day the thermometer by which Mr,
Franklin gauges his weather report reg
istered 97 degrees. This temperature was
maintained for several hours.
Sr>eclal Dispatch to The Call
Inspectors Suspend the
Steamer Garonne's
Master.
Warmest October Day
San Diego Has Ever
Known.
BREAKS THE HOT
WEATHER RECORD
ROUNDLY SCORE
SHIP'S OFFICERS
LOS ANGELES, Oct.- 21.— R, . P. Fernan
dez, a stationary engineer, died early to
day from injuries received last night, in
his engine-room. A blowpipe became
loose and struck Fernandez on the head,
fracturing his skull,
Stationary Engineer Killed.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 21.— Two
masked men entered the large apartment
house on the corner of Fourth and C
streets early to-day. They searched the
clothing of Jacob Jonas, George Seldner
and L. Levy and obtained $25. In their
hurry they overlooked some valuable jew
elry. -\u25a0
Rob Iiodgring-House Inmates.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— The largest lynx
killed in this county in years was shot
In the mountains back of Evergreen yes
terday, by Oliver Hainer of this city. It
measured 37 inche3 from tip to tip, stand
ing fully 18 inches In height and weighing
more than 50 pounds. Hainer came upon
the animal in a copse of brush and shot
it as it wan about to attack him.
Kills Ziarge Mountain v Lynx.
MONTEREY, Oct. 2L— Fire has again
'broken out in the woods back of Monte
rey, and is burning fiercely not more than
a mile from New Monterey. Fortunately
there Is no wind and the fighters are get
ting the flames under control. Many be
lieve this fire is the work of incendiaries,
though it may have originated from some
smoldering root from last week's big fire.
Forest Fire Near Monterey.
Last year when the Government noti
fied the citizens of Nome of its charitable
intentions about 200 persons who had the
means and would otherwise have come
down on passenger steamers played the
part of hypocrites and allowed themselves
to be taken care of by the Government.
Several of theso fraudulent "destitutes,"
it was found afterward, brought down
pokes of from $300 to $3000 each. To avoid
a repetition of these frauds it has been
made to appear in Nome that no one
would be brought out by the Government
this year. As a consequence all those
except the really deserving poor will
have come out by the time it Is known
that Uncle Sam is to take a hand. • .
The method of this diplomacy was
somewhat novel. It is not generally
known that a revenue cutter can. accom
modate large numbers of passengers.
This, however, Is true. The cutters Bear,
Thetis and McCulloch have remained at
Nome to the veiy close of the season, os
tensibly to protect the merchant marine.
This was only partly the case, as the cut
ters are to bring down the indigent gold
seekers.
SEATTLE, Oct. 21.— According to a re
mark by a captain of one of the United
States revenue cutters now at Nome, the
Government will bring to Seattle late this
autumn those who are actually stranded
in Nome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Revenue Cutters Will
Bring Back the
Stranded. •
ROME'S INDIGENT
TO BE SUCCORED
Wisconsin Bank Bobbed.
MADISON, Wis., Oct. 21.— The bank at
Dare elation was robbed last night by a
trio of safe robbers who took money and
not*s in the vault. No trace of them has
been found. The amount taken is net
stated.
PERPIGNAN, France, Oct. 21.— A num
ber of deserters from a Spanish dragoon
regiment have reported themselves to the
gendarmes here. The soldiers say they
desarted on account of incessant ill treat
ment. They refuse to return to Spain.
Xll-Treatment Causes Desertion.
SPOKANE, Oct. 21.— J. Pierpont Mor
gan. President ilellen of the Northern Pa
cific-. Bishop Doane and other distin
guished visitors spent the morning view
ing Spokane and started East at 11 o'clock
by a special train on the Northern Pacific.
Pierpont Morgan in Spokane.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 21.— The Cured Fruit
Association to-day reduced the basis price
of last season's prunes from 3 cents to
2% cents. It is understood that the pur
pose of this action is to clear out the
balance of. the old crcp before the new
crop is put upon the market.
liteduces Price of Old Prunes.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 21.— Thomas Cox, a
hack driver in this city for many years,
but recently of San Francisco, has fallen
heir to $750,000 left him by an uncle in
England. Cos has gone to England with
his wife and child to claim his fortune,
their fare having been sent to them. Cox
ran away from home when a boy. He is
2& years of age.
SAN FHANCISCO HACK
DRIVER'S GOOD FORTTTN~E
Thomas Cox Falls Heir to an Estate
"Worth Three-Quarters of
a Million.
Mrs. Shaw wants her husband placed
under bonds to keep the peace for six
months.
Then follows four or live codicils all
dated the same day, in which he calls his
wife "one of the purest, sweetest, fairest
flowers cf old Scotland." He appoints his
wife executrix and names as special coun
sel a friend, of whom he says that he
"is not only a good lawyer, but he is an
honest, square, decent man."
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— "Let it all
go," says Theodore S. Shaw, a young law
yer, in his last will and testament, speak
ing of life, love and happiness, also of
what he would like to say, for "life is all
a long, strange dream," he adds.
This will forms one of the queer exhib
its in the case of the people vs. Theodore
S. Shaw, now being tried before Justice
James in the Township Court by Deputy
District Attorney Willis. The complain
ing witness is Mary A. Shaw, wife of the
defendant, who charges her husband with
cruelty and with having choked her when
he was arunk. On the otner hand, Law
yer Bhaw, who is conducting his own
case, greatly to his wife's admiration, as
serts mat sne tried to induce him to com
mit suicide ana says he drew up this will
under the inlluence of her persuasion.
Mrs. Shaw repudiates the charge that
she tried to get her husband to commit
suicioe, but asserts, on the contrary, that
he -threatened to do fo without persuasion.
She adds that the will was drawn up by
her husband when he had threatened .to
kill himself and she points to the loving
terms he uses in mentioning her in the
will. She also denies that she has a vio
lent temper and again cites the will as a
proof. The will in part is as follows:
Believing that I am approaching death, with
the certainty of death and the un?ertainty of
life. 1 will, dev s; and 1 e .tuath all my lands,
mineral claims, oil claims and intenst.. of
every kind and nature to my beloved wife, be
lioving that she will care tor, love an,< •-
tect the two little girls I leave behind. There
are many things I would liKe to pay, b t let
It all go. L«ct us leave this murdan> sphere
with the hope of some mtuie li e, wheie I
may meet the loved ours. I must bsli^ve ii
the eternal, the Inevitab e, the cljs-e ot" all.
Life to rne has been in; long and sprang;
dream, with occasional glimpses and LUf-4 .i
a far-off, happy land that I rav2 hope of see
ing-. Let it all gc — there a e a few di earns
and ambitions of earlier life that I would like
to carry out, but our span of life is short. I
will, devise and bequeath my library to my
two little girls, my sweet little gins— Nui
and Alma. If there are any charges on the
library, pay them off cut of tne Insurance
money.
Bury me in the ocean, crmmit my body to
the deep or to the mountain tors. My fie.d.
spirit will live, and I will sae old moit.c-i
somewhere in the blessed 'and.
THEO. S. SHAW.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Virod was so far from civilization that
he made no attempt to report his discov
ery, waiting until he had to \u25a0 journey • in
for his winter's supplies.
"What was the use?" was his remark
to-day. "The coupie had been gone so
lor.iir that they couldn't have been caught
anyhow."
Virod. when he had overcome his aston
ishment, decided that all that could be
done was to dig a grave and inter the
trunk and its human contents. Decom
position- had proceeded so far that he
made no close examination of the little
corpse. He believed it was that of a girl
€ or 8 years old.
The cause of death was easy to deter
mine from the great cleft, evidently made
with an ax. that split the skull from
for=head to crown. The legs had ap
parently been broken with the same in
strument.
Body That of a Child.
Virod did not even grlance into the old
turnel. whose mouth was partly over
prown with shrubs. He was busy, he said,
and the whole affair was forgotten by the
r.e>:t day. Seme time in August he went
to the tunnel and to his« astonishment saw
a trunk standing partly concealed by
sticks at the back of the hole. A horrible
fight met the prospector's eyes as he
pried back the lid. Curled up inside were
the mclderir.g remains of a child, with
the arms pressed close to the sides and
the limbs bent back over the body and
evidently broken.
The strangers, Virod says, asked to stay
all night and were cheerfully welcomed.
Fi:fty vards from the shack was an old
tunnel'mrmin^ fifteen or twenty feet into
the side of a hill, where some one had a
year or two before given up a search for
Quartz. The prospector's cabin had but
one room and the couple elected to stay
in the tunnel, where they could build a
fire, they said. They did so and when
Virod retired at midnight they were still
6if:ing by their fire talking. In the morn
ing they were gone.
Spend Nig-ht in a Tunnel.
WAI-LA WALLA, Wash., Oct. 21.— Two
months ago Frank Virod. a prospector in
the Salmon River country, found in an oid
tunnel near his shack a trunk containing
u human body, bent and twisted to fit tho
receptacle that held it. It had been left
ihsre by a man and woman who passed
through six weeks before. Each of tho
appeared to be about 40 years
cf age. They were not prepossessing in
appearance. What mystery the trunk and
its ghastly contents concealed may never
be known, but Virod is of the opinion that
the couple that left it at his ulace hail
besn hired to get rid of a child that stood
in somebody's wa».\
]n June Virod entered the country above
the headwaters of the Salmon Kiver to
pr aspect. He built a rude hut in a ravine.
in July the mysterious couple appeared
late one evening. They said they had lost
their waj\
"It struck ne as being funny," s^aid
Vircd, "that a man and a woman should
be driving through that country where
most men hesitate to go with a pack
horse, but 1 was glad to see the lirst hu
riuln beings I had set eyes on since I went
inio the mountains. When they said they
had taken the *vror,g trail the day before
and had got farther and farther into the
mountains until they were completely lost
ani knew no way of getting out I ac
cepted it as all iisht."
Sjieeial Dispatch to The Call
He Alleges in Reply, That She
Urged Him to Commit
Suicide.
Prospector Uncovers Murder
Mystery, in the Wilds of
Salmon River.
the liberation of Miss Stone. In
formation has been received by the State
Department from St. Petersburg showing
that the Russian authorities are doing
everything in their power to effect the
woman's release. Through their repre
sentatives in Constantinople and Sofia
they have applied diplomatic pressure to
Turkey and Bulgaria, and this has had
much to do with the activity those gov
ernments have displayed. The State De
partment does not know whether Miss
Stone is alive or dead, but is still clinging
to tho theory that the bandits will hold
her until they secure the ransom demand
ed, and it is urging the board of missions
not to relax its efforts to raise the sum
required.
' The Turkish Government has for its
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.-
Russia is earnestly co-operating
with the United States to effect
Man and Woman Leave
Ghastly Baggage
With Miner.
Wife of Lawyer Shaw
Charges Him With
Cruelty.
ASKS THE COURT
TO PROTECT HER
TRUNK CONTAINS
BODY OF A GIRL
RUSSIAN AUTHORITIES AIDING
IN THE RESCUE OF MISS STONE
ELOPERS RACE
WITH OFFICERS
Two Youthful Couples
Defy th© Wrath of
Parents.
State Department Does Not Know Whether the Captive Is Alive or
Dead, but Is Still Clinging to the Belief That the Bandits Will
Hold Her Until They Have Secured the Ransom Demanded
Hastening to . Reach Seattle
Before Law's Minions
Overtake Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRESCOTT, Wash.. Oct. 21.— Because
the parents of Myrtle Marr and Alta
Reavls, 17 and 16 years old, respectively,
would not let them marry they startled
Prescott last night with a double elope
ment. Their partners were Timothy Shea
and Clifford Reavis. whose ages are 20
and 19 years. A hard raca Is on between
the youthful . lovers and the officers In
every town between here and Seattle,
with the chances apparently in favor of
the officers.
Shea and Rea\ls met the girls early last
evening. At 5 o'clock they were at the
Oregon depot, but four hours later sud
denly took a carriage for Riverside, a
small station seven miles west, on the
Washington and Columbia River Rail
road. Here they boarded a train and went
to Eureka Junction, where Shea pur
chased four tickets for Seattle.
All the persons concerned are promi
nent.- Shea's lather Is a rancher at Col
ville Springs, seven miles northeast of
here. Miss Marr's people live at the edge
of town, and the Reavises are close
neighbors. Shea is a strapping Irishman,
curly and handsome. Both the girls are
pretty, but Alta Reavls Is scarcely more
than a child.
William Reavis objected to Clifford
Reavis because he was a second cousin
of the girl and was too young to know
what marriage meant. Clifford worked
on the farm for William Reavls, who had
reared him. Clifford and Myrtle were,
brought up together like brother and sis
ter. Strenuous efforts are being made to
catch the elopers.
ROOSEVELT APPOINTS
A GOLD DEMOCRAT
George E. Koester Chosan Collector cf
Internal Rsvenue for South
Carolina.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— The President
to-day appointed George E. Koester Col
lector of Internal Revenue for South
Carolina. With the appointment the fol
lowing statement was issued:
"Mr. Koester is a prominent gold Dem
ocrat and has been recommended for the
position* by a large number of influential
business men and representative citizens,
not only of South Carolina, but of North
Carolina and elsewhere."
The appointment of Koester terminates
a controversy which devolved upon Roose
velt with his accession to the Presidency.
It was in connection with this appoint
ment and that of former Governor Jones
to a Federal Judgeship in Alabama that
the President announced that his policy
would be to name suitable Republicans if
they could be found and if not to appoint
Democrats. *
Mr. Blalock, who has been long identi
fied with the Republican party in South
Carolina, at first was understood to be
slated for this position, but the President
later decided not to appoint him. Sub
sequently Senator McLaurin, whom the
President consulted about the matter,
suggested the name of Mr. Koester.
part responded in the same spirit to the
appeal of the United States, and alto
gether the two governments, Turkey and
Bulgaria, probably have been put to a de
gree of expense equal to the amount of
ransom demanded by . Miss Stone's cap
tors In the military operations they have
already directed in her interests.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 21.— The offi
cials of the United States Legation are
still without news from the missionaries
who ap< seeking to make arrangements
with the abductors of Miss Ellen M.
Stone and her companion, Madame H. S.
Tsilka. It is regarded as probable that
the missionaries will use the nearest tele
graph only when the terms of the ransom
are settled, directing where the cash shall
be sent.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The idea that the
capture of Miss Stone originated with the
Macedonian committee is corroborated,
according to the Vienna correspondent of
the Daily Mail, by the fact that numer
ous Macedonians in Sofia have offered to
mediate with the brigands.
The rumor emanating from a Bulgarian
source that Miss Stone is hidden in the
villayet of Salonika is regarded as very
improbable, says the Sofia correspondent
of the Telegraph. Charles H. Dickinson,
United States Consul General at Con
stantinople, is still firmly convinced of the
complicity of the Macedonian committee.
In missionary circles the view is favored
that when the ransom Is paid the brig
ands will also be granted amnesty, and
that all records of agreement with the
band shall be canceled. l
Very Fast Battleship.
BOSTON, Oct. 21.— Russia's latest
American-built battleship, the Retzivan,
was put through her paces to-day over
a ten-mile measured course off the I3le
of Shoals, and under natural draught at
tained a speed over a twenty-mile course,
according to her builders, of 18.01 knots
per hour, one one-hundredth of a knot
over her contract speed. The usual tidal
correction probably will slightly increase
this.
Mrs. Mary Rothermel.
PETALUMA, Oct. 21.— Mrs. Mary Roth
ermel, mother of Mrs. J. H. Bailey of
Petaluma, Mrs. Mackie of Alameda and
P. Rothermel of San Francisco, died here
to-day at the age of 89 years. On Satur
day she would have celebrated her nine
tieth birthday and preparations had been
made for a family reunion. Deceased
was long a resident of California.
Lawyer Falls From Window.
PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— Edward W. Bing
ham, a well-known lawyer, was seized
with dizziness this afternoon while lean
ing out of the window of his office in the
Union block and fell to the sidewalk,
twenty feet below, sustaining probably
fatal injuries.
Daggers TJsed at Election.
BASTIA, Corsica, Oct. 21.— A fatal af
fray has taken place during 1 the munici
pal election, at Lii:gitizzeta between po
litical factions. Three men were killed
with daggers and six were fatally
•wounded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
5
OUR
Have been among our patrons
for years. Now you are near
enough to shake hands with us —
which is always more satisfactory
than a long-distance jolly, no,
matter how jolly it may be.
We have lots of good things
to show you and your wives in
high-grade tailoring, and as our
handsome new store was turned
over to us nearly two months
late we are making big reduc-
tions. For instance:
Finest of men's up-to-date
$45.00 suits, in winter novelties,
to measure— now %
$35.00.
Perfect fitting, highest grade
women's $65.00 suits, silk lined,
man tailored,
$45.00.
1028-1030 Market St.
Also at 1157-1159 Washington St., Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
j|l|| CARTELS
Positively cured by the«o
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Toneue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
FROM A TO Z
Our laundry work is indicative of what
unlimited facilities and expert workers
can accomplish. You don't want less than
the best when the cost is no higher than
the ordinary and if we have your wcrk
you'll not get it.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATis LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone— Scutli 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
DISORDERS
BY FAR THE GREAT- "ftj/ I^«^T\r^
er number ot patient.-* &> VTj //
eeeklng relief for so-called \\ \ jfA// //
\u25a0weakness are strong, \\ \J\ Ji Jf:
robust men In every other
respect. Loss of Vitality. Prematureness. etc..
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes in the Proatate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan ot
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate. Immediate re-
sults,, as Indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organa. which we send free on
application, is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
& f ji
VaH^3Q MARKET ST. S F **&£'
POLITICAL.
... FOR . . .
MAYOR,
JOSEPHS.TOBIN
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
FOR MAYOR,
ASA R. WELLS.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
—FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
' :\u25a0•• REPUBLICAN yOMXNEE.
VOTE FOR •£:':.
F». BOLMND,
Democratic Nominee for
PUBLIC ADMINlbTKATOR
San Francisco, Tuesday, 22 October. 1901. B
Chiffonier $12.00
Made of ash. finished a golden brown color; measures 6 feet 3 I
\ inches high by 2 feet 9 inches wide; surmounted with a French I
bevel plate over-mirror. 16 by 20 inches. Contains five drawers. I
the top one having a swell front. Price, $12.00. j
* Perhaps you are not interested in chiffoniers to-day. But you 1
may be ere long, and it will be to your advantage to read this, as |
well as all our store notes, for the John Breuner Company is to-day I
actually dictating the retail market quotations and market values '.I
of furniture and carpets in San Francisco. I
Bear in mind — this store is without a competitor In this city, I
", because it is the ONLY furniture store in all San Francisco that |
has but ONE PRICE and does not deviate from it. Bear in mind K
Salso that if at any time, even after a year has elapsed, you are dis- R
satisfied with any purchase made of us, you may have your money 1
back. " h
I »; ; : , s &
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.) |
[957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp, Golden Gate Avenue, jTHE MANGE— G. G. E., East Oakland,
Cal. The following is given as a remedy
for the mange in horses, cattle and 'dogs:
"Corrosive sublimate, ., one-fourth ounce;
spiritsvof salt (muriatic acid), one-half
ounce; water, one quart."- Or, "Corrosive
sublimate, one drachm; sal ammoniac,
one-half ounce; water, one pint. To "this
add strong decoction of white hellebore."
Sulphur ointment is also recommended. If
either of these do. not cure the mange in
your dog, take him to a dog. hospital.
One correspondent asserts that "the war
closed when Cornwallis surrendered at
Yorktown, but that the real termination
was when the preliminary treaty of peace
was signed November 30, 17S2, although
the final treaty was not signed until Sep
tember 3. 1783."
Another correspondent declares that
"the termination of the. war was the or
der of Congress fixing the Sd of Novem
ber for the final disbanding of the Ameri
can army."
Other correspondents refer this depart
ment to . cyclopedia" dates, but nonib of
these fix the date with certainty.
' REVOLUTIONARY WAR— H., City.
This department has received several
communications in answer to the ques
tion relative to the exact date of the clod
ing of the "Revolutionary War, but none
of. the information refers positively to
any specific act which declares when the
war terminated. The War Department at
Washington declares that it cannot au
thoritatively determine a question which
is still a matter of dispute. Colonel A. S.
Hubbard, registrar of the California His
torical Society, who has given the matter
a great deal of attention, is of the opin
ion that the official act which settles the
termination of that war is the one of the
Sd-of November, 1783, when the officers of
the army were placed on half pay. .'%T-
FENCES— A. S., Gold. Cal. The. law in
relation to fences is: Coterminous owners
are mutually bound equally to maintain
(1) the boundaries and monuments , be
tween them; (2) the fences between them
unless one of them chooses to let his
land lie without feqeing, in which case
if he afterward incloses it he must re
fund to the other a just proportion of the
value at the time of any division fenco
made by the latter. \u25a0_=
The following story is told by a traveler
about one of the local railways in Ire
• "We were bounding along," he said, "at
the rate of about seven miles an hour and
the whole train was shaking terribly i
expected every moment to see my bonrs
protruding through my skin. Passenger*
•were rolling. from one end of the carrla-e
to the other. I held on firmly to the Arms
of the seat. Presantly we settled down
a bit quieter— at least. I could keep my
hat on and my teeth didn't chatter. .
"There was a quiet-looking man oppo
site me. I looked up with a ghastly smile
wishing to appear cheerful, and said
" 'We are going a. little smoother I
see.' "- ".v : : ••/;'-"- .'•='- .-\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'«\u25a0 ''
" 'Yes,* " he said; " 'we're off the line
now.' "—Spare Moments. . e
Why They Kan Smoothly.
MISTIGRIS— Player. City. Mistigris Is
the name sometimes given to the joker in
poker. The mistlgris entitles the player
to increase the value of his hand. If ,he
has a pair, the mistlgris added makes
them, threes; with three .the mistigrris
makes them fours, and so on . throughout
the various hands, its latitude apparently
limitless. Sometimes, . though, its power
will be decreased by previous agreement,
as in aTfull hand, for 'instance; increasing
only the lower pair, and so on. The game
with the mistigris in all other particulars
is played like regular poker.
EC ARTE— Player, City." The law. of
ecarte.says: "If two or more cards are
turned up by the dealer the • adversary
may, if he has not already seen his own
hand, decide, which of the cards -shall be
trumps or he may demand a fresh deal.
Once,- however,' that he has looked at his
hand the non-dealer can have no option
in the matter, and there must be a new
deal.". .
POSTAGE ON LETTERS— Subscriber,
City. In' all places where there is' a free
delivery of .letters > city or . drop . letters
have to have a 2-cent stamp, irrespective
of the fact ' that the envelope is .not
sealed. "When a letter is placed in the
mail with only, a 1-cent stamp upon it di
rected to some one within a city in. which
there is a j free delivery the letter Is de
livered, but th«» person to whom it is ad
dressed is required to pay "1 qent postage
due."
"I think," replied Mr. Tredwav "it
was the kind W Adam and S^o
SSU'SST before the fal1 —^tr o ou
«S3ST2£5!" ™ n ' K »™°» .:> *
Swaggers— Why?. :. /...:.
Swiggers— He gave a lawn-mowing party
yesterday and had the guests cut [ho
grass.-Ohio State Journal. '
A woman may love her husband ever
so much." mused the monarch of the
cracker barrel, "but that's no sign- she
will let his dog track, up her kitchen."-!
Indianapolis News.
WATER BUFFALOES— A. S., City.
The water buffaloes that were brought to
this city from. Manila," P. I., some, time
ago were quarantined on Folsom street,
between Fourth and -Fifth, by order of
the Custom-house authorities as a pre
cautionary measure. In the latter part
of, August they were taken to the Pan-
American Exposition. at. Buffalo, N. Y»'. •
THE TWO PATTIS— A. M. E. ' The
voice of Adelina Maria Clorinda Patti is
classed as "an unusually high soprano of
rich bell j like . quality and remarkable
evenness of tone," while that of Carlotta
Patti, her sister, was classed as "a
soprano of unusual compass, and of clear
silvery quality and much power in the
upper register." ' .
LATIN MOTTO— Philadelphia, City.
"Virtus junlxit mors non separabit" is a
Latin motto used in the Ancient Scottish
Rite of Masonry and means "Virtue has
joined us, death cannot separate us."
FERTILIZERS— J. M., City. For the in
formation asked for relative to fertilizei-s
address a communication to the experi
mental station of agriculture, University
of California, Berkeley, Cal.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day: At the St James — H. A. Clind and
wife of San Francisco; at the National—
G." Dabee of Sacramento, J. V. Young, C.
W. Jenks, L. H. Phillips Jr., J. W. Frey,
of Los Angeles, Mrs. C. Staffler, Lucille
Staffier, Mrs. ,H: Lebarnhart, Mrs. E. T.
Jewett and Walter H. Robinson of San
Francisco; at the Metropolitan— Charles
Kern and Lillie E. Krechman of San
Francisco; at the Arlington— William
Banning of Los Angeles; at the.Shore
ham—R. H. Mines and wife, of Los An
geles.
twelfth century, after the reign of Queen
Erillyah. Her people -were conquered by
the Aztecs, who in turn. were conquered
by Madoc, and they then migrated to
ward the valley of Mexico. It is said that
the seven tribes halted many times be
fore they reached the valley, occupying
from 53 to 163 years.
Californians in. Washington.
A HALF OF 1845-J. F. N., Diamond
Springs, Cal. A half dollar of 1845, coined
at New Orleans or at any other mint,
does not command a premium.
A QUOTATION— S., City. "And every
rose and lily there did stand, better at
tired by nature's hand," is from "The
Garden," by Cowley, 1618-1667.
ENCHILADAS— A. O. S."V Nevada City,
Cal. None of the cook books within reach
of this department give a recipe for the
making of enchiladas.
THE GAME OF PEDRO— J. E. S.j Oak
land, Cal. In the game of.pedro the count
is in-the following order: High, low, jack,
game and pedro. % >
ARMY UNIFORM-E: S., City. There
is -no law to prevent a discharged soldier
from wearing the uniform he wore in the
army.- ; - "... ..-...• C-
CHESS— A: I. O.; City/ An old-time
chess player says- that there is no pos
sibility in the game of two queens of a
kind.
Ex-State Senator Frank J. Moffitt of
Oakland leaves for New York Thursday
on a six ; months* pleasure . trip.
• Alec Brown, a member of the State
Board of Equalization, came down from.
Milton yesterday and has made his head
quarters at the Lick.
\u25a0' W. A. Johnson, head clerk of the Del
Monte, who came to this city to have a
surgical operation performed, is now con
valescent. He is at the Grand.
John F. . Moorle, an extensive sheep
raiser of Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
Judge. John- F; Davis of. Jackson, Ama
dor County, is spending a few days at the
Palace. - : ' . -' . : - ;
James McFadden, an extensive orange
grower of Santa Ana, is among the arri
vals at the Palace. -;,-''\u25a0'\u25a0. . \u25a0
Dr. E. J. Hennessy of Napa Is at the
Grand. '
M. E. Sanford, a popular hotel man of
Sonora, is at the Lick.
John H. Stewart, a mining man of L03
Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
Ex-United States Senator W. S. Allen o f
Washington is at the Palace.
Dr. F. E; Raynes of Artgels Camp regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
'\u25a0.. DISTANCE— Subscriber, City. The
tance, from 7 Cadiz to- Manila- is,; in ground
numbers, . 0000 mi}es. "-,: •; \u25a0\u25a0•-..-. '. '\u25a0\u25a0"
"What makes me s'picious o* some re
fohmers," said Uncle Kben, ."is dat dev
cant see no way o* kyahin* out deir Z
forhms onless dey gits a lahge gov'me^t
job to staht wif."-Washlngton staf
"We are grateful to you. indeed You
I now procured some of your celebrat
ed Infant's Food. This the baby man
aged to trade oft to the dog for some dog
hearty.' * ?'5 ""* IS n0W \u25a0 weU an^
"The doj died. > • .
.Sirs: "We fed our baby on modified
cows milk the first six months, but the
milkman did not understand how to modi
fy his cows properly, and in consequence
the child lost flesh till he weighed but on©
pound.
dear me," Mrs. Hodson returned,
"it'll mak' no difference to our Jerry; ho
never gets a peound!"— Spare Moments.
Her friend replied: "Why, Mrs. Hod
son, dost not know? It means as every
toime they gettin* a peaund they'll get 21
shillings for it." -
The mother of one of these men, on be
ing told of the recent 5 per cent advance
in wages, asked her neighbor the mean
ing of 5 per cent.
"Don't move the men,** said the Justice
of the Peace, rising from the checker
board. "I have to step into my office and
marry a couple, but I shall be_ back in five
minutes." ' ; . _ \u25a0 • '. .
At the end of an hour he had not re
turned. A messenger was sent for him.
He was found in a high state of perspira
tion, with his coat off, his necktie awry,
and his collar wilted and forlorn, trying
to marry two couples bearing these
names:
Wladsslaw Katzarzynkowski, Jozevin
ska Dobrzwitkiwicz, Stanisla.ua Bjor
drazakoniatowski, Katarazinska JBerka
witztzwzw.—Chicago Journal. ' : " '\u25a0 '•
"A large' number : of "colliers hi- Lan
cashire are - accustomed to- spending a
portion of each week m the public house
instead of following their work regularly,
and thus not having more than two or
three days* pay a week to draw at pay
day.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
twentieth century will match this with a greater dis
covery of the same nature— greater because the* problematical
planet is much more distant and, probably ; much larger and
more massive than Neptune. Leverrier based his calculations
on the disturbances which the attraction of the unseen planet
produced in ' the motions of the planet Uranus, and when
he had finished his work he said, in effect, to the astronomers
in the observatories: \u25a0 '.
"Point your telescopes, at 'such and such a place in, tha sky
and you will see something worth while— a new worldl"
They pointed; .they gazed; they saw. !
Neptune was discovered by the eye of man, as it had already
been discovered, by his brain. .• \u25a0 .: , . .
Now, in the case of = the still greater and more distant planet
which some astronomers think exists far beyond Neptune, and
for the discovery of which calculations are now being made —
though not with the systematic thoroughness • of . Leverrier's
work-^dependence is placed largely, upon the disturbing effect
of its attraction on- comets. .- ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•
0. NEiof. the greatest, marvels of the nineteenth century
; was^Leverrier's" discovery of the distant planet Nep
tune by^'mean3 of mathematical calculations.
- - , There ""' seems now to be a good chance that the
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Large planets situated far from the sun exercise a powerful
control over comets venturing into their neighborhood, and
rhere have been several comets whose orbits indicated that
they had suffered disturbance somewhere In the vast abysm
of space beyond the known borders of the solar system.
There are seven of these comets, according to the calcula
tions of Professor Forbes of Edinburgh, which unite the silent
testimony of their orbits in support of the hypothesis that at
the enormous distance of more than nine : thousand million
miles from the sun— a hundred times the earth's distances
there circles in lone majesty a planet mightier than the great
Jupiter himself, and requiring about a thousand years to com
plete a single journey about the sun. \u25a0
The suggestion that there is an undiscovered planet belong
ing to our system greater than Jupiter is. in itself, startling,
for Jupiter has never yet had a known rival among planets.
He is 1300 times larger than the earth, and^so massive that
if all the other planets — except the as yet unseen but suspected
monster beyond Neptune^-were thrown together in the scalo
against him he would outweigh them almost three to one.
In fact, as far as size is concerned, there is less difference
between Jupiter and the sun than there is between the earth
and Jupiter. ,'. ,\u25a0'\u25a0"--.
According -to Calculations This Mighty Globe Is More Than Nine Thousand
-v • Million Miles From the Sun.
TWENTIETH CENTURY MAY WITNESS DISCOVERY
OF ANOTHER PLANET GREATER THAN JUPITER
- —^ DITOn THE CALL: Now that the memorial fund has
_^ passed the $20,000 mark and promises fair to rise to $50,
. COO, it seems in order to consider the question of the
* ** form, which the memorial will take. As this is a citi
zens' matter, the subscriptions coming from all grades
of the people, do you not think they should have some say as
to the kind of memorial that is to be erected "to beautify the
city and carry down to posterity their appreciation of the late
President's life and worth? l
I do not want "to belittle the artist?*, architects' and sculp
tors' functions In the matter. Far from it. When we are
ready their, services will be absolutely' necessary and well
worth paying for. But so far as the tangible expression of the
people's wishes is concerned, I think they (the artists) them
selves would prefer some local suggestions. The subscribers
are San Franciscans, who are proud of and hopeful for their
city, and it is natural and right that they should have fu!l
scope for uttering their sentiments as to the nature of the
monument proposed to be placed in this city.
In the. hope that you will kindly open your columns to a
discussion on the subject, I beg to propose that a simple cen
sus be taken on the following lines: Let the committee in
charge of the fund issue a circular with, say, a dozen sug
gested subjects for artistic treatment: also stating- all avail
able sites, with a space left after each, as in a voting paper,
dislike, are even repelled by the average open
air statue Undoubtedly th«y should be . a lowed to se.ect an
other mode of perpetuating a great mans memorj. O" 1^ 3
SeStTountains There might be still others who would draw
the line at a majestic arch or peristyle, a city garden a hos
pital a great column: and finally, it is almost certain
are many who would favor each of these erections, respectively.
LeoTustfce be done to all. Those who are indlfforenC will, not
vote and nothing will be lost. Those who have goo* taste, will
rally to the polls, and so will every "crank." which again will
work no harm, as the latter are apt to run alone. , .
I trust Mr. Editor, you will see fit to use your influence
In favor o'f this project so that the sense of the . community
may be elicited in the fairest possible manner before it Is
committed-- to a monument which has been lef t entirely and
blindly to the professional gentlemen called in by the fund
fnrrimittee Yours respectfully,
jSuneda. Cal., Oct. 19. WILLIAM MITCHELL.
Believes That Subscribers to the Fund Should Be Permitted to Express
Their Sentiments as to Nature of Proposed Monument.
CORRESPONDENT SUGGESTS POLL OF CITIZENS
FOR THE MEMORIAL TO WILLIAM MCKIN LEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
King Edward is trying to. repurchase his old yacht
Britannia. For an easy-going, safe and not too speedy
a craft suitable v t6 his Majesty's subdued tastes why
riot take Shamrock II?
The Ohio campaign is said to have been warmed up
on the Republican side so that it is very near the boil
ing point, but in the Democratic camp the frost is
as great as it "was at the convention -when Bryan was
'frozen out.
General Bulleris receiving a storm of abuse - in
England for. copfegsing that he advised the surrender
of Ladysmith. As he was there and unquestionably,
knew what was best for the beleaguered town . 'it,
seems that his critics ought to be less severe in their'
censure and unite in congratulation that Buller did
not communicate his opinion to the Boers. ' :
; The authorities of Chicago believe the city has
been grossly libeled by a certain publicatio'n in- a Ber
lin newspaper. Tt would seem that the age of the
incredible has not''yet passed.. ;
; • The dairy inspectors of Minnesota have; discovered
. in use in that State a new milk adulterant called vis
cogen, composed of sugar, lime and water. It is said
to have the effect of making the milk look richer than
before and does not affect the taste. , •
.•The Boer war has already cost Great Britain 18,000
lives, 75,000 disabled men, incalculable .. misery in
homes and $700,000,000 in money. This is a terrifying
commentary on a boast that in three months the war
would be ended. The third year, of the strife has
begun and the. Boers are as. intrepid as ever..
"proper."
In the Eastern States the people got mixed up over
the date of beginning the thirty days', mourning for
the death of McKinley. Some kept the. flags halfmast
for thirty. days from the day of the death and others,
from the day of the funeral. Now that it 'is all over
they are disputing with one another as to which was
.. We do not often bear ] of anything in Tennessee
that it is worth while for Californians to. imitate, but
as her Congressmen have united on a programme of
work for the purpose of obtaining an appropriation
of hot less than $1,000,000 for the improvement of the
Tennessee River, it is clear they ; i have set, an \example
which we might follow with respect to" the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has. given notice
that there are to be no docktailed horses in the
White House stables while he is President, and
the .King', of England has ordained that no such
horses shall appear in the ceremonial processions of
coronation day. We have here, then, an instance
where fashion is . confronted by the protest of the
two highest leaders of 'the English-speaking : world,
and it is to be seen how far a good example set in
high places can counteract the effects of a bad
custom.
The practice of docking the tails of horses can.be
defended only on the ground that it lightens the work
of lazy grooms and saves careless drivers from the ne
cessity of watching that the tail of^ the horse is not
switched over the reins. It takes' some little time
end skill to keep the tail of a horse as clean as that
of a well groomed horse should be, and the grooms
are very glad to be saved that trouble. It requires,
too, in fly time pretty close attention on the part of
the coachman to keep his reins free from the swing
ing of an undocked tail, and the average coachman is
very glad to be relieved of that care. The owners of
horses, have yielded to the desires of grooms and
coachmen and have mutilated their horses and spoiled
much of the ; beauty of their animals by consenting.
to -have the tails docked.
Custom has made the fashion. Many persons pre
fer to have docktailed horses merely because other
people have them. The docktail is the fashion, and the
crowd that makes up the society world has no more
idea of it's own that any other crowd. The individual
will and reason is lost in the will of the crowd, and
! the whole social ;set moves like a, band -of monkeys,
each intent on imitating the one just in front of' him.
It is gratifying that the President of, the -.United
States ;and the King of England are riot "\u25a0 imitators.
They have now'set agood example for reasonable men
to follow... The enactment of laws against the docking
of horses' tails has been found to.be ineffective. In
no State has it-been possible to' enforce the law. It
\u25a0now remains to be seen what" can be accomplished by
right leadership. President Roosevelt's example \u25a0 : is
worthy of the imitation of ev«ry owner gi horses. It
is much better than the blind following Jof a foolish
and cruel fashion. It wilUbe interesting to note how
many of the so-called leaders • of. .society will prove
themselves worthy of the title by really leading in the
way of reform and how many will' show themselves
to be after all : not leaders but mere slaves of fashion
by. continuing to act in the old -way. '
' It will be seen that Great.-Britain derives more than
one-third, of her., entire revenue from alcoholic
liquors, a'nd that the United States is the only nation
that shows anything like a similar, condition of af
fairs, France and Germahy obtaining but a compara
tively small percentage -of their revenues from that
source. ' v . L [:/\u25a0'\u25a0
\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0 • . •;. \u25a0 . . - .'\u25a0 . ' • . on. Drink. . Revenue.
United Kingdom £37,870,000 36 per cent
France ..........*..;...^. 22,034,000 19 per cent
Germany ;.......... 13,717,000 18 per cent
United: States.......".. '....- 39,968,000 29 per cent
None of the, nations, rank high jn the consumption
of spirits. Germany leads in .the aggregate amount
drunk, her consumption for the year being 107,800,000
gallons; France Consumed 78,452,000, the United
States 81^060,600, and Great Britain 45,890,000.!
The board was. unable- to give definite statistics of
taxatiomof. liquors," as taxes of varying magnitude are
levied. The 'importance of alcoholic beverages to the
fiscal affairs \>f the nations is shown, however, by the
following table giving the amount of revenues raised
by the principal nations from such liquors, and also
the proportion which the drink revenue bears to the
revenue as a whole: .... ;
.-' • Net Revenue Proportion to
" - \u25a0 • " from Taxation Total National
BY -the British Board of Trade there have been
recently compiled ;a series 1 of. statistical tables
\u25a0 showing the production and consumption of
alcoholic liquors among the nations of the world and
the extent to which such^ articles are made to bear
the burdens of taxation.. The statistics for several of
the countries are old, as late information was not ob
tainable, but those for the United States, France,
Germany and Great Britain relate for the most part
to the year 1900.
As is well known, France leads in the consumption
of w"ine. In the year 1900 the consumption there
amounted to more than 983,000,000 gallons, being
equal to a per capita consumption in excess of 25 gal
lons. In the same year the Germans consumed some
thing morp tha,n 81,000,000 gallons, or about 1.45 per
capita. The consumption in the United States was
over 25,000,000, the per capita being only about one
third of a gallon. The British wine consumption was
a little less than 16,000,000 gallons, or a per capita
jof 0.39.
In the consumption of beer. the British lead when
contrasted with any other people taken as a whole,
though they fall far short of the per capita consump
tion of the inhabitants; of some of the South German
states. Thus the Bavarian consumption amounts to
fifty-four. -gallons a head, while the British per capita
is. but 31.7. Taking Germany as a whole, however,
the per capita consumption; is but 27.5, which thus
leaves the British in the lead despite the drinking
capacity of the Bavarians and the Wurttembergers.
In this country the consumption. of beer is given at
above 934,000,000' gallons in 1900, or a per capita
of 13.3- ' ?'* - \u25a0 - \u25a0 '•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '\u2666
DOOKTAILED HORSES.
THE NATIONS AS 'DRINKERS.
THE Tacoma News dwells at length, and with
zest, upon what it calls "San Francisco's De
cadence." It is incited to this pleasant duty by*
the report of the Agricultural Department upon the
wheat industry. That report says: "About 27,450,
000 bushels of wheat are exported annually on the
Pacific Coast, with a total value of about $20,000,000.
Of the 2,000,000 barrels of flour annually shipped from -
Pacific Coast ports during the last ten years nearly
one half is cleared at San Francisco. It has taken
iibout 36,000,000 bushels of wheat to |upply the for
eign markets with Pacific Coast wheat and flour.
Of this amount California supplied more than 20,
000,000 bushels."
The Xews resents this statement of a decade as
'"a puff for San Francisco," and proceeds to show the
rise of the wheat business in the last three years in
-Oregon arid Puget Sound ports, and foresees the
time when San Francisco will stand third in the list
as a shipper of wheat and flour. That prospect does
not mean the decadence ot this city. Time was that
California imported -the wheat and flour consumed by i
her people. Her chief industries then were mining :
and stock-raising. Wheat is the first step in advance
of pastoral industry. This State took that step, and
as she had been foremost in mining and stock
raising she took the lead in wheat production. The
fame of her crop filled the world and attracted the
attention of every flour-eating country. But our cli
mate indicated a still more profitable agriculture than
' wheat-raising, and California now holds the world's
record in horticulture.
Wheat-raising was proved a nobler use of the soil
than stock- growing, and -now fruit-raising appears as
a more profitable use than wheat-growing. It is not
the fault of the prosperous States and seaports in the,
north that our soil and climate permit a ; greater >va-V
riety of profitable production than theirs! It'is not
their fault that our physical conditions enable us to
do more things with profit than they can do.
- In the season of 1890 we shipped from San Fran
cisco 13.728,442 centals of wheat and 1,174,974 barrels
\u25a0of flour. In 1900 we shipped 6,519,771 centals of
wheat and 1,195,783 barrels of flour. That was a loss
of 7,208.671 centals of wheat and a gain of 21,609 bar
rels of flour. If the State's output and export had sus
tained that as a net ' loss, with ; nothing to take its
place, the News might be justified in its exultation
over, what it calls our "decadence." Our other exports
_of. products that occupied the soil as wheat receded
dufin'gthat decade made the following showing: Green
deciduous fruits increased 57J34-5 tons; citrus' fruits,
192,335 tons; dried fruits, 57,755.3 tons; raisins,-- 15,- (
*'j&7 tons; nuts, 5731.3 tons; canned fruits, 35,496
tons; carloads, .rail and sea, vegetables, 5140; car
loads wine 1 and brandy, rail and sea, 0067.3. Measured
\u25a0by carloads of ten tons eacli, our exports of fruits,
wines, brandy and vegetables in 1890 were 16,195 car
loads, and in 1900 were 66,797 carloads, or an increase
of 50,602 carloads, or 506,020 tons in ten years. So
.that our loss in wheat tonnage is exceeded by the .gain
- in other products by 145,587 tons.
When the soils of the 'north meet the fate of all
wheat soils and decline in production we hope that
they will prove as capable as our productive zone
here of subjection to other uses to make good the
TAGOMA'S AMBITION.
-TUESDAY '.. OCTOBER 22, 1901
,| JOHN D. SP^ECKELS, Proprietors^
' -'~i -Ltiztii Ml Ccn:nn:nic*tieES to W. 8..LEAXB, Kmagsr.
V 3«A- V AGKR'S OFFICE. .... . . :TeIepi>ope Vre*» 204;,
Lii'L'BLlCATIOX OFFICE., .aikrlcet and Tlilrd. S. F.-
J.'V \u25a0 TelepUoins I'resi 201. .
V^UDlTOniAl. KOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
!• ? . - r Telephone Preas 202.
t"£ Odfrned f»r Cnrrlern," lf> Cent* Ver Week.,
£S) Slij^Je Copies. C Cents. V -..;
'.!/*" Terra* hy Jlnil, Including: Vontagtl ,v .
4."'T>AILT CALX. •<lnclodInE Funday). one year... ...£u..tS.'W
"jf'DAILT CALl. tjncluflln* Eucday). « months .'.. S.M
"JVpAILT CALIiv<JDCloainE Sunday). » J-onths..; l:«0 ;
.£- PAIL.T CALL— By Single Montb...'.:.'! .'....'..; ; «o
\u25a0f: FUXDAT CALL. One Tear.... r.« 1.S0
I^.WEEKLT CALL. One Tear.. \u2666 •'• 10 »
'•> '" AH poitmssteri nrr auiliorlzed to *ecetT» y -.
\'r-. nabscrlpttona. ' '/ j '• ""':
$ Eatnpl* ccplw vlll b» forwarded when . requested*
' 5" UmH mbscrlber* ' In ©rflerln*. chang* of address should b«
; particular to. Eire both NEW -AND OLD ADDRESS in order
I xo jceure a prompt and correct cfcihtVliaiJce wltU thetr request.
OAKLAXB OFFICE.. ............illS Broadway
-'c-ceoiige iotogxess:
>:%2 K«x»gtr Toreign AdTertisinp.Mtrjnette Building, Chlotgo.
(Locj Distance Telepbona "Central 2613.")
*f. :J) KEW TORK CORRBSPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX. ....... . .; . .... •*• .Herald Sa«"**
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEP0E5 II. SMITH. ...'... .30 Tribune Bnlldlnar
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
' Cberman Bouse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium. Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
=> WsJdorf-Actorla Hotel; A. Brentaao, SI Union Square;
.'Murray H1U Hotel.
.'iwASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St.. S.'AV.
. - . * MORTON E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
. BRAA'CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll 8:!0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 6S3
McAllirter. open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Lark'.n, open until
t:K> o'clock. 19tt' Mission, open until 19 o'clock. 2261 Market.
' corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 10S6 Valencia., open
until > o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.'
. • 2200 FlUmore. open until 9 p. in. .^
This is not said in personal disrespect to Mr. Wells, and reflectsvupon this fitness
as a public leader only.; As he has failed to see that one of v the- regular, nominees for
Mayor must get the large independent vote in order to beat the .class; nominee, it ;is; nat
ural that.; he should repel the independent vote, and compel the whole city to turn to his
regular opponent, as a measure of safety. Mr. Wells knew that his nomination did not
represent the wish apd will of the- majority of the best Republicans in the city, but it
was in his power to have attracted them by making himself the platform and becoming a
real leader. Instead of doing this he has permitted himself to be instructed in what not
to . say and^ what, nor to do,' until he is as lacking in inspiration to others as a chunk of ice
is in heat. Opportunity knocked at his door but' was not invited in, and will not knock
again. The Call gave. him. ample chance to put himself in line with the sentiment and
safety of the city, but he. faced the other, way.
Come what may, San Francisco must not be sacrificed. The interests of this city
are greater than any man's ambition, its safety more necessary than the success of .any
political boss. Party interests, even were they involved, must be held secondary tolthe
public good. But they are not involved., and need not. enter into any man's action. The
men who are responsible for the convention that? nominated Mr. Wells were actuated by
personal and not party, considerations, and no Republican is under the least allegiance to
their personal schemes and noisome plans. <The Republican: party and the city are both
to be served and saved by repudiation of their programme.'; What right had they to
select such a leader as Mr. Wells in the most serious crisis in the city's history? What
right had they to leave .the chance open for another party tooutgeneral them, by acting
right in line with the occasion by selecting a candidate for Mayor toward whom the city
would be sure to turn, in: repudiation of their own 1 improper, .weak and inconsequential
choice?. The inference of Republicans is that the. convention had a programme which no
other sort of candidate would indorse, and we have no doubt' that inference is correct,
arid' accounts .for the failure to secure a strong, independent and self-poised man for the.
head of the ticket. \u25a0 . •' , :- :
When the campaign is over, arid, the public interests have been safeguarded, there
will 'be a chance for some natural politics which Republicans can indorse, and the lesson
will be of advantage to the party and to the selfish and purblind hucksters, who care for
the party- only as parasites care for that. on which they crawl and feed. . .,
[ T is not expected that the Mayor of/a.city like this shall be- a Ghauncey, Depew. or
have the ready speech of General Barnes/ but it is expected that he shall have ideas
about municipal administration^ to which he can give clear expression. If 'he cannot
- *\u25a0 express ideas on that subject the conclusion is that he, has none. .
It is not the fault of Mr. Wells that he is not an orator. "Orators are rare, and the
real members of that guild in California can be counted on the fingers \u25a0 of one hand. : NoV
body expects hini to drive an audience into frenzy by the music of his periods, his cli
maxes and anti-climaxes, his metaphors and antitheses, but his supporters expected him
to avoid 'putting his campaign into cold storage in the frigid air which he created in his
lirst*meeting. His appearance „ would have frapped a bottle of hot water, and was com
plete proof of our contention that the convention which nominated him failed entirely
to comprehend the serious situation of the city. r '.j;. "' ; ..;•;
<\u25a0?: As'the machine from which his nomination issued like adobe, brick from the mold
lacked; the sense tb see the gVave conditions which threaten . San Francisco,-'it: : is natural
that lietshbuld be "equally blind. But he does not stop with •being 'just- as-blind as the
cbnvehtiori.'f If irhad one glass eye he has two. A man :who;felthis responsibility and
•knew that to win '.Ire must prove his mettle would by. this time have the wtiole'city think
ing that none other could win. He would have caused the other candidates to'be forgot
ten,'and ;would h£ye been already a winner. Instead of this people are tossing up between
his. two opponents^ and are only wondering whether he will get more votes than
Q'bonnell, provided that remarkable person succeed in litigating his^criame- on. to the
ticket. ~" v /;\u25a0*; \u25a0••'\u25a0 '•• :,.v : '- . v •- *
WELLS; s:fie^.:k:s.
THE' AZTEC RACE— T. TV. F., City.
The Aztecs trace their origin to the legen
dary; land of • Aztlan on a southern
branch of the Missouri, where they dwelt
in seven caverns of the earth about the
'NAVAL TRAINING STATION— A Sub
scriber, City. There is a naval training
station at New York on board of the re
ceiving ship .Vermont. Address "The
Commander of the Training Ship Ver
mont, New York, N. Y." A boy under
age who wishes to join the navy must
have the consent of his parents or guard
ian. This may be given personally or by
letter, the signature being acknowledged
before a Notary Public and verified \u25a0.• by
the County Clerk of the county in which
che Notary resides. .'\u25a0--'" .. .
6
By Occidental Horse ExchanKe— This day, carload of Horses.
C.t T21 Howard street.
. Auction Sale— This day, at 11 'O'clock, Horses. Harness,
etc.. at 1119 FolEom street. . "">'•
By Geo. F. Lam^n— Wednesday. October 23.- at 11*. o'clock,
Furnkure, at 1721 Jackson street. ; .; / \u25a0 ••
AUCTION SALES.
Orjifceum— Vaudeville. "* , ;
California—^*A Female Drummer."
TivgM— "La Boheme."
Central— "The Cotton King.""
Grand Opera-house— "The Man From Mexico."
Alcazar— "The Girl in the Barracks.',' ,
Columbia— "The Henrietta."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Butro Baths— Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
Walnut and Pecan PaQoche. Tbwnsend. •
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotei*
Cal. Glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend/a.*
Townsend's California glace fruits; 30 C a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap ba<i
kets. A nice present for Eastern frienri •"
630 Market street. Palace Hotel building 0 *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. "
. , -\u25a0» \u2666 « 1 — _ • ""
The recent census of Australia shr w<*
that while the free trade colony of New
South Wales has largely increased its pop-
ulation the colony of Victoria which Y<»
protectionist, has lost 30.000 souls.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine. VegetableCureforLlver Ills.
Biliousness. Indigestion, Constipation. Malaria."LEADING ASPIRANTS FOR COM
MAND OF FIRST REGIMENT,
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS.
Professor Christie of the University of*
California spoke of visiting all the lead
ing mining and technical schools of the
world recently and said that he had
learned many things would tend to
the improvement of the mining depart
ment of the State University. The miners
of the State could rely upon' the assist
ance of the State University in all ways
possible.
W. C. Ralston made the announcement
that Governor Gage had promised to rec
ommend in his next message to the Leg
islature that those who had advanced
money to -secure the O'Brien v option
should be reimbursed by the State as
they acted for the public good.
Letters were read from Senator
George C. Perkins and Congressmen
Coombs, McLachlan and Metcalf, ack
nowledging the receipt of invitations to
attend the convention.
Last evening the several commltees
met to prepare reports to be submitted
to the convention, which will resume at
10 o'clock this morning.
ing of the debris and the resumption of
hydraulic mining. The mining industry
of the State was In the hands of compe
tent men. There should be a national
Secretary of Mining.
JEROME, Ariz., Oct. 21.— The body of
Judge W. A. McKinnon was found to
day in his home with the throat cut. Life
had been extinct several hours. The Cor
oner's verdict was suicide. Judge McKln
non came here from Montana six years
ago, and had held responsible positions in
this Territory. He is the third of four
brothers who, it is said, have taken their
lives.
Suicide of an Arizona Judge.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 21.— The Unit
ed States Grand Jury was im
paneled to-day. The case of ex-
United States Customs Collector Hoey
of Nogales will come before it. A
large army of witnesses for the Govern
ment, several special deputies, detectives
of the secret service and M. C- McLe
moore.as the United States Attorney Gen
eral, representing Attorney General Knox,
are here to present the case against Hoey.
Will Consider Hoey's Case.
MILES CITY, Mont., Oct. 21.— What ap
pears to be a systematic embezzlement of
Government supplies, which has been go-
Ing on- for some time, has been detected
by Captain Short and Lieutenant Foy at
Fort Keogh. The stuff appropriated was
oats intended for \u25a0 horses and daily held
back from each horse. Foy and Short
found a soldier driving to town Saturday
With thirty-two sacks of oats. The driver
»t first whipped his mule team off into
the sagebrush in an effort to escape, but
was easily overtaken, and said . he was
taking the oats to Aitchen's barn. lie
was sent to the post under guard, while
Foy and Short took the oats to the barn,
disguising their officers' uniforms. The
men at the barn told them where to un
load, and when they had done so they
had the men arrested. Altchenj who lives
opposite the barn, was awakened, but
professed entire ignorance of any deal
and was greatly surprised that the barn
men should have let the soldiers unload
without calling- him. The barn men were
arrested,. but save bonds. Short says he
is prepared to prove that this is but an
incident in a series of such transactions
with local parties.
Thefts Have Evidently Been
Going on for Quite a
- Long Time.
Arrest Soldier* at Port
Keogh for Stealing
Supplies.
ARMY OFflCEIS
DETECT A THIEF
The Rose Gold Reclamation. Company,
614 Call building, would be pleased to
have the delegates to the meeting of the
California Miners' Association call at No.
23 Stevenson street and inspect the ope
rations of its appliance for reclaiming and
saving the fine, flourllke and microscopic
gold and platinum values from auriferous
Bzjids and gravels. This late Invention is
based upon an entirely new principle, that
ie not only effective to the point of sav
ing all the values, but Is simple and Inex
pensive both in construction and opera
tion. It may be applied to operations of
any magnitude and has been thoroughly
tested upon working scale.
Of Interest to Miners.
EUFALA Ala., Oct. 2L— The Eufala
National Bank, the oldest financial insti
tution fn the city, closed to-day. An
unusually heavy run on the bank and
poor collections are assigned as the
ciuse. No statement has been given out.
National Bank Fails.
meeting of four or five hundred chosen dele
gates.
During the year three meetings of the execu
tive conmittee were held at which business in
relation to the additional appropriation was
transacted. At the meeting held September 14,
1901, Mr. Power of Placer, Mr. Christy of
Alameda and Mr. Davis of Amador were ap
pointed a special committee to draft resolu
tions of respect on the death of our late Presi
dent. William McKlnley, and report the same
to the convention. I would recommend that
we have these resolutions printed on a mourn
ing page of our proceedings.
The increased demand made upon the State
Mining Bureau owing to the increase in tho
mineral production of the State necessitates
more liberal appropriations for its support and
maintenance, and I would recommend that
some action be taken toward the recommenda
tion of the passage of a law that would give
it a permanent Income to carry on the work of
the bureau, so that the friends of the bureau
would not be obliged every two years to go to
the Legislature and ask for appropriations.
I wish to congratulate all of the officers and
committeemen of the association for the prompt
and efficient manner In which they have at
tended to all their duties, and especially the
secretary, who has all of the work to perform
during the year. The members of the execu
tive committee have been prompt, and nearly
all attended the meetings of the committee.
The association owes much to the press of
San Francisco and throughout the entire State
for the courtesies that have at all times been
shown to the association, also to the business
men of San Francisco who have always re
sponded liberally .when asked for financial aid
to carry on the work.
The Union League Club of San Francisco is
deserving of the thanks of the association for
its kindness in giving the executive committee
the use of its rooms for committee meetings.
Words of Encouragement.
In their welcoming addresses Gov
ernor Gage and Mayor Phelan found
little that was new to say.
Governor Gage said that the j Govern
ment ought not to ignore the people of
California and the people of California
should never forget the debt of gratitude
that they owe. to sturdy miners, for It,
was the mining Industry that created the
nucleus of California's splendid civiliza
tion. Broadmlnded legislation was need
ed to protect the farmer,, and at the-'
same time to guarantee the welfare of
the great mining- Interests of the State.
Nowhere can capital be more profitably
invested to-day than in developing the
mineral resources of California.
Mayor Phelan said that every street in
San Francisco bore testimony to the Cali
fornia miner. Buildings have been erect
ed with the money of Mackay, Flood,
O'Brien, Hayward and other miners. The
name of Mackay was also connected, ap
propriately, with' an enterprise Involving
the use of gTeat quantities of metal, the
Atlantic cable, in which he was inter
ested.
Mr. Phelan welcomed the j delegates
heartily. He remarked that - Robert
Louis Stevenson had called ? San Fran
cisco the smeltlner-pot of the world, and
the city accepted that name, well pleased
with it. Mayor Phelan said that Presi
dent Roosevelt was in sympathy with the
West and that was a favorable sign for
the success of the movement for a Cabi
net representation for the mining indus
try of the country, for the pressure for
such representation came from the West
ern people.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Acting Ad
jutant General Ward has been informed
of the departure from Manila of the
t -airport McClellan for San Francisco
with three companies of engineers
aboard.
Engineers Coming Home.
JTEW TORK. Oct. 21.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco— B. D. Adamson, at
the Navarre; C. Stevens, at the Vendome;
jf A- Tanner, at the Union Square; L. E.
Alexander and M. S. Alexander, at the
Herald Square; Miss Buckley and J. A.
Orr at the Manhattan ; J. A. Corkill at the
Cosmopolitan; C. Eppstein. Mrs. S. Epp
stein and Miss F. Eppsteln. at the Victo
ria; S. D. Kesmith. at the Holland; W.
B Ryan and wife, at the Grand Union;
\f F." Wood, at the Continental; A. Zuker
nian and wife, at the Netherland.
From Los Angeles — Mrs. Austin, at the
Orand Union; A. E. Pomeroy and P. J.
Keeler, at the Everett; C. D. Morgan and
T.ife, at the Victoria; Miss Perkins, at the
Park Avenue: W. E. Stoermy and wife, at
tie Continental.
Californians in New York.
During the past ten years, or ' since tho
organization of the California Miners' Associ
ation, the delegates to the State Convention
have been elected by county organizations, ap
pointed by Boards of Supervisors, Boards of
Trade Chambers of Commerce and other such
organizations. To the branch county organiza
tions one delegate to each ten members has
been the ratio of apportionment. In some
instances more delegates often desire to attend
the State Convention than their county organi
zation would permit. It also sometimes occurs
that unfriendly feelings are engendered In the
strife to be elected as delegates, which I think
eouldVrie avoided by broadening the scope of
the State association and allowing every mem
ber a seat and a voice in .the deliberations of
the annual convention, and I would suggest
that a committee be appointed to revise. the
.by-laws of the association so that every mem
ber who contributed his annual dues to carry
on this work could feel that he* had a perfect
right to come to San Francisco and participate
in the work of the annual convention. The
State membership of the association Is about
9000; the annual number of delegates elected to
attend the State Convention is about 500. I
think the Influence of a State meeting of 1000
-«• 2000 members would be far greater than a
For Benefit of Miners.
—\u25a0 - |
fornia Debris Commission made estimates of
the cost of the work to be $SOO,000.
our representatives in the State Legislature
secured a further appropriation of *150.°W. and
the national Government will undoubtedly ap
propriate a like sum-in all $*W,000 to build
barriers according to the plans of the Federal
engineers— and preliminary work is now being
done such as securing the necessary land for
the restraining barriers, but the engineers are
having some difficulty in securing the land
they deem necessary for that purpose. We
trust however, they may be able to overcome
these' difficulties and soon start the actual work
of construction.
This association has done everything in Its
power to aid in the passage of the so called
Lands Bill," which was before the
last Congress, and received favorable reports
from the committees, but we are toM owing
to the lack of time It died on the files and
\u25a0will have to be reintroduced when the new
Congress meets next December. Much could be
said upon the merits of this bill and the bene
fit it would be to the prospecting miner if the
bill could be passed and become a law, and
here I wish to congratulate the members of
the national Congress from California for their
untiring efforts in support of this bill during
the last session of Congress, and If the same
energy is used by the members at the coming
cession of Congress I have no doubt but what
they will succeed in. passing the bill and have
it become a. law upon the statute books.
At our last annual session the Petroleum
Miners' Association Joined us in our deliber
ations and have worked harmoniously with us
during the past year for the passage of such
laws as would be beneficial for that industry,
which is now assuming great magnitude in
this State and Is adding to its wealth.
The mineral productions of the United States
are growing so very rapidly that the annual
value is estimated at more than $1,000,000,000.
It Is right and proper that the mining; industry
of the United States should have of the Gov
ernment more protection and assistance, which
could be better facilitated through a Cabinet
department of the executive branch of the
Government, and if those engaged In the dif
ferent branches of mining: throughout the
United States will join hands and ask for the
establishment of a Cabinet Officer of Mines
and Mining we certainly ought to be successful
In obtaining It.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University spoke of the value to the
miner? of the scientific knowledge of
geology, metallurgy, electricity and other
branches taught by, the university. . He
told about one graduate of Stanford who,
three years after he was out of the uni
versity, found ' himself in receipt, of an
annual salary of $33,000, which was p&id
by a Chinese engineering and mining
company. • President Jordan assured the
miners of the assistance of the Stanford
University in promoting the mining in
terests of the State.
J. H. Neff spoke earnestly. He said
that he was \u25a0 glad the convention had
started in the right way by. taking steps
to secure the- option of James O'Brien.
There were three things of leading im
portance to the State, viz., the preserva
tion of navigable waters, . the impound-
College Men Speak.
In the afternoon Congressman Sam D.
Woods made a pleasant address to the
miners. He advised that Congressmen
from this State should be kept for many
terms in Congress. This advice was dis
interested so far as he was concerned,
he said, for he expected to retire to
private life at the close of his present
term as Congressman. The Eastern peb
ple knew that their Congressmen gained
in influence according to length of ser
vice and so returned them repeatedly.
California had contributed great sums
to the national treasury and had received
very little in return.
If millions were needed to enable the
miners to resume operations then the
Government should expend these mil
lions. The National Government had
obligations to this State that could not
be paid in money, but payment should
be made by the Government so far as
possible in money. The work of get
ting the needed improvements was evolu
tionary, and the Yuba River dam was
not an end. but a beginning. He also said
that he had worked for the California
miners to the best of his ability • at
Washington and would continue to do so
as Congressman.
Continued From Page One.
TTITW HAVEX, Conn.. Oct. 2L— Henry
MacDonald Sedley of New York, a Shef
lield Scientific School freshman, was ar
rested to-day, charged with the murder
fit Edward Corrigan of Willimantic.
Conn., but this evening Coroner Mix,
sifter a prolonged hearing, ordered the
charge changed to a breach of the peace
i. nd Sedley was released on $200 bond. Sed
ley and Corrigran were scuffling in a lunch
•wagon vesterday morning and Corrigan
fell off "the step, receiving injuries from
v.-hich he died.
Scrmal Charge of Murder Is Reduced
fcy Coroner to Breach of
Peace.
COLLEGE FRESHMAN HELD
FOR ACCIDENTAL KILLING
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The American
tour cf Sir Henry Irving, Ellen Terry and
\he members of the London Lyceum Thea
ter Company was inaugurated at the
Knickerbocker Theater to-night. The
:heater was filled, society being liberally
represented and the distinguished English
actor and his players were given an af
fectionate greeting. A revival of "King
Charles I." in which Sir Henry fust won
American favor, was selected as the open
ing production. It was sumptuously staged
ar.d splendidly acted! The costumes were
copied from the famous picture.^ by Van
I-Jyke. and the scene in which Charles sur
renders to Cromwell was an exact repro
duction of Van Dyke's conception of it.
The same plan was followed in several of
ihe scents ar.d tableaux. The audience
"vas very enthusiastic. At the close of ihe
performance Sir Henry made a brief
speech in response to the ovation. The
c-ompany will continue at the Knicker
bocker for three v/eeks.
Host Fashionable Audienca Turns
Out to Hear the Celebrated
English Actor.
SIR HENRY IRVING
RECEIVES GREAT WELCOME
MINERS MAKE ENERGETIC MOVE :
TO SECURE YUBA DAM OPTION
as he is a candidate for the high honor
he will take no part in the deliberations.
The three candidates have long been
connected with the First Regiment,
League of the Cross. They are popular
and any one of the trio would be accept-
able to the entire regiment./ They have
the necessary military training to fit them*
for the important position and have had
long experience in military matters. They
are alj young men and have the good of
the regiment at heart.
ant colonel, tie nas given ainpie prooi
that he possesses all the qualifications
necessary. As captain of Company D he
twice won the handsome trophy offered
by his Grace Archbishop Riordan. For
many years he was in command of Com
pany E>, and when he retired was elected
a member of the board of directors.
Major Deasy is in line of promotion. He
is the senior officer of the regiment, as
there is also a vacancy in the lieutenant
colonelcy of the regiment. There is,
however, no set rule as to promotions by
seniority. The late Colonel Edwin F.
Power was promoted over the heads of
officers higher in command, and in the
present instance the same course may be
followed.
Major Power is no relation to the late
colonel of the regiment. He has risen
to the command of the Second Battalion
through sheer ability. He has proved an
efficient officer and has many friends.
Captain Dwyer also has a large follow
ing. It is thought he will be promoted to
command the regiment' or be its lieuten-
I was beaten by a better boat than the Sham
rock II. You see I do not see how I can ever
expect to lift the cup with my boat. Nobody
«-ver taw Sir Thomas Upton put on his coat
In the middle of a fight, and the fight for
that cup has only begun. I certainly mean
to have another try for it, maybe several. -
While Sir Thomas denies that he intends
building a new challenger for next year
he would not deny that he would ulti
mately build a new boat. On this subject
tie paid:
What I intend to do is this: I will leave
the Shamrock II on this side. She will re
main here all next summer and will race with
any and all boats that care to meet her and I
\u25a0will come over myself.
I am not desirous of holding a monopoly in
the matter of challenging for the America's
cup. I propose to wait lor a reasonable time
alter I get back to the other side and see if
any of the other British sportsmen desire to
enter a challenge.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21. -Sir Thomas Lip
ton will not be a contender for America's
cup next year. In an interview late this
evening Sir Thomas absolutely denied that
he had any Intention of bringing a new
boat to compete for the cup next fall. He
said:
Says He Will Hold Back, However,
and Give Other Challenger's
a Chance.
LIFTON STILL EXPECTS
TO LIFT AMERICA'S CUP
The records of military commissions
during the year show that SSO persons
were tried, of which number 729 were con
victed and 202 acquitted. The sentences
in forty-nine cases were disapproved.
Murder leads in the number of charges
before these commissions, numbering 317.
Violation of the laws and usages of war
follow with 157 cases, while the charge of
robbery comes next with 106 cases.
General Davis says that death sentences
were imposed by military commissions in
about 2-12 cases, neaxly all natives of the
Philippine Islands, on conviction of more
serious crimes, and the sentences were
executed ir. about 101 cases. In most of
the remaining oases the sentences were
commuted to imprisonment for terms
varying from fifteen years to life impris
onment, while in a few instances the sen
tences were commuted to imprisonment
for from five to ten years, and in a few
other cases the sentences were disap
proved or set aside.
WASHINGTON, Oct. ZL — General
George G. Davis, judge advocate general
of the army, has submitted to the Secre
tary of War his annual report for the
year ending June 30, 1301. It shows that
during the year there were 6065 trials by
general court-martial, beine 600 less than
during the previous year. Of these, six
teen were trials of commissioned officers,
of whom ten were convicted. Of the en
listed men tried, 4806 were regulars and
1167 were volunteers. The report says
that the number of men sentenced to dis
honorable discharge in the regular army
was 1S95. and in the volunteer army 3S3,
making a total of 222S. Death sentences
were imposed by court-martial in six
cases of enlisted men, four of the cases
being on conviction of murder and two
on conviction of desertion. The death
sentences, except in one case of murder,
were commuted by the President to dis
honorable discharge, forfeiture of all pay
and allowances and imprisonment at hard
labor for life in three cases; for seven
j-ears in one case, and for five years In
another case.
TO-NIGHT the board of directors
of the League of the Cross will
hold a meeting for the purpose of
choosing a successor to the late
Colonel Edwin F. Power, com
mander of the regiment. There are three
members of the organization who are
prominently mentioned for the Important
office. They are Daniel C. Deasy, major
of the First Battalion; James E. Power,
major of the Second Battalion, and I. D,
Dwyer, formerly captain of Company D,
the prize drilling command of the regi
ment.
The selection of the commander of the
' well known Catholic military organization
will devolve upon Rev. Philip O'Ryan,
Walter Dorn. Richard Dowdell, N. G. C.
and Captain Peter J. Haggarty. who com
pose the board of directors. Captain
Dwyer is also a member of the board, but
Death Sentence Is Imposed
on One Enlisted Man
for Murder.
General Davis Submits
Report to the Secre
tary of War.
COURT-MARTIAL
LABOR REVIEWED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Tj, TUSEDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
Leading Officers Are Prominently Mentioned for the Colonelcy of
Well-Known Catholic Military Organization— The Election Will
Take Place at a Meeting of the Board of Directors To-Night
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS WILL
ELECT SUCCESSOR TO POWER
7
AMUSEMENTS.
BELASCO A*,aTHAir&*?jrt2g>
'i^ *^ vttm city hah
T^W ir-\ EVERY EVENING
T^HtL THIS w ? ek -
COTTON w &
MILL.
- T -. T SCENE
!/ n 1^1 a T^ e Sensation of the
1% 8 Mi I 1 MATINEE "SATUR-
J.B.A1. 1 VE DAY and SUNDAY.
PD TF^ Eveninsrs... 10c, 13c. 23c, 33c, 50c
IH VIV Matinees We. J5e. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "The Great Northwest."
BEST VAUDEVILLE POSSIBLE !
Beaux and Bslles, Mignonette Kokin,
Francis Le Page) John Greiger, Mon-
roe, Mack and Lawrence, De Cour-
cy Brothers, Thomas Baker, Joe,
Myra and Buster Keaton, and the
Biogpraph.
Reserved Seats, 23c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c. \u25a0 '
COLUMBIA !SZS
Every Night, including 1 Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.™
STUART ROBSON
In the Greatest Production Ever Made of
Bronson Howard's Masterpiece,
"THE HENRIETTA"
MR. ROBSON AS BERTIE, THE LAMB.
An All-Star Cast, Including Many Favorites.
:. ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS.
NEW AND SURPRISING.
CHAS. A. BLANLY'S
BIG FARCE COMEDY COMPANY IN
A FEMALE DRUMMER.
THE BIG MUSICAL FARCE.
INCLUDING CHARMING. LOVELT, CLEVER
JOHNSTONE BENNETT.
SEATS NOW_ SELLING.
Next * '\u25a0\u25a0'. "SPORTING LIFE"
SEATS THURSDAY.
BELASCO & THALL Managers
LAST WEEK. »
ENJOY A MERRY EVENING WITH
THE GIRL
IM THE BARRACKS,
P»E MAKES TIME FLY!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 15c, 23c, 33c, 50c and 75c
NEXT— "TENNESSEE'S PARDNER."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week,
WALTER E. PERKINS,
One of America's Foremost Comedians, In
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
The Funniest of Funny Farces.
BY H. A. DU SOUCHET.
POPULAR PRICES.. 10c. 13c. 23o. 50c. 75t
\ ' Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week-AVALTER E. PERKINS IN "MI
FRIEND FROM INDIA."
UNIQUE LECTURE.
\u25a0 California Academy of Sciences Hall, 81
Market 3t.. Tues. eve., 8 o'clock, Oct. 22, "How
I Found Stanley in Africa." by John Fre<
Mason. Admis. 50c.' 3 tickets $1. Sherman. Cla;
& Co.. Sutter and Kearny: Zeno Mauvais Musl<
Co.. 769 Market; Kohler & Chase. 28 O'Farrell
VlCjrHFR'CI CONCERT HOUSE
flDUnlLn O Admission lOc.
' GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN - TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Mid Thornhlll; Geo. Jones; Maui
De Alma: -Harry . Holmes; Herr Huber; Elea
nore Jenkins, and HinrichsV Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. . 25c. Matinee Sunday. i
•MRS. M. E. BLANCHARD'S
FIRST SONG RECITAL,
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL.
Tickets... :.. ..\u25a0 75c and 50
OCEATT TKAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
XV Steamers leave Broadway
m»^ Wharf, San Francisco:
BSBfeBfc^.-. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. ra..
KSgS*^,_ Oct. 3. 8. 13. IS. 23, 2S. Nov. 2.
lliTwK^Zra Cbange to company's steamers .
ft§&r*&s*^l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
\u25a0 C.) Port Townsend. Seattle.
I* Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
• Oct. 3, 8. 13, 18. 23. 28. Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to c p. Ry- '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Oct.
4. 9 14. 19. 24. 29. Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Aneeles and Redondo (Lo« An-
(jeieg)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.-
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Cen-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro and San Pedro
Steamer Corona. Thursdays. 9 a. m. -
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For -farther information obtain the company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sallicr.
without prevous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ag«nta.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamslilp 3Ji»» *<»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to »M
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
IiOTTZSST HATES.
STEAMER TIC5ST3 INCLUDE BSETEtad MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. ...Oct. 23. Nov. 4. 14, 21
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Oct. 30. Nov. 9. 19. 29
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.,1 Montgm'y. S. F.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
CTEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
Oner First and Brarnan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 23, WCl
PS. HONGKONG MARU ••— "
Saturday, November W. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1301.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
«XV YORK. 80CTHAMPT0S. LOSDOH. PJL3J3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St Paul \ Oct. 30 St. Paul Nov. 20
5"rlesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia. .^t.Dec. *
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp. 'I
From New York Wednesdays at 13 noon.
•Zeeland Oct. 30[*Vaderland Nov. 20
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
South wark Nov. lo|*Zeeland Dec.*
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., :>
1 CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R. R, 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. |105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
8. S. Argyll sails Wednesday, Oct. 23
6. 6. Leelanaw sails Wednesday, Oct. 30
S. S. Argyll sails
From Little" Mall dock. Pier 38. at 3 p. ra.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market it.,
. F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
LOA Oct. 261PALENA .......Nov. 23
PERU Nov. 9ICOLOMBIA ....Dec. r
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
v'n'o changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
aud passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0MPA3NIS 6ENSRAL5 TBAKSATLAHTIQTJX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <fRlGLCT
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, i nlwrnf.
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upwara. Second
class to Havre. $45 andvupward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). .New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
AAAOntfA C? if i p A << A WAil, SAMOA, HB.%
llC£(!m£h a.LO. ZEALAND A»B SYDNEY,
6. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. -Thursday. Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24, 10 a. in.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu...............
Saturday. Nov. 2. t p. ra.
J D SPSECKELS k BEOS. CO. , Btnsrai Agents, 327 Maria St
Eki "1 Passsngar OtScs, 643 Harht St, Pier lo. 7. Pacific St
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamen GEN. FRISBIE or M0NTICELL3
9-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallelo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. \u25a0
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.'
Weekly Gall $1.00 per Year
NEW ' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
COMPETENT JUDGES.
Beauty Doctors Indorse Herpicide.
"Women .who make a business of beau-
tifying • other, ' women come pretty near
knowing what will bring about the best
results. Here are letters- from two con-
cerning Herpicide: . ... ...
: "I can recommend Newbro's 'Herpicide,'
as it stopped my hair from falling out;
and as a dressing It has no superior.
"Signed) Bertha A. Trulllnger,
"Complexion Specialist.
"291% Morrison St., Portla-nd, Or." '
"After using one bottle of . 'Herpicide'
my hair has stopped falling, out, and my
ecalp is entirely free from dandruff.
"(Signed) Grace Dodge,
"Beauty Doctor.
"195 Sixth St., Portland, Or." "
ADVEKTISEMENT^
"cilLDraffiEiQER FOR
Malt Breakfast Food
It Promotes Growth and Strength
Most- excellent reports of the wonderful
work that Malt Breakfast Food is doing
for growing children come to the notice
of the manufacturers every day. Many
fathers and mothers declare that their lit-
tle ones look more eagerly and anxiously
for their dish of Malt Breakfast Food
each morning than for anything else. All
the children relish it and find it delicious
and appetizing. Malt Breakfast Food is
giving In every instance the happy results
that careful parents look" for— increase in
flesh, purer blood, brighter eyes and
greater bodily strength.. We strongly ad-
vise parents to adopt the use of Malt
Ereakfast Food if their children are not
showing evidences of healthy growth. For
a supper dish it Is equally valuable. Gro-
cers everywhere. . -
For Stomach Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK *
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
' 32O BROADWAY. N. Y.
PALACE HUT.EL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. ; \u25a0 .
GRAND HOTEL.
AMUSEMENTS..
''\u25a0:\u25a0£'.':!•. ' . f ..
\u25a0 \u25a0 Evenings at 8 Sharp!
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp!
LAST TWO WEEKS OF GRAND OPERA.
To-Nlght_ Thursday, Sunday Nights and Satur-
.-: day Matinee,
Great Production of Puccini's J
"LA BOHEME."
Wednesday. Friday, Saturday! ..;
With AVEDANO, the Great Tenor.
MONDAY. October 28th." ' V
GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO DIRBCTOK
STEINDORFF. .
' POPULAR PRICES-^25c, 50c, 75c.
v •,--\u25a0,.. Telephone Bush 9. .. \u2666
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGH TS. V \
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10 JO P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c; children. 20c.'
GOLD DUST.
pi "Lot tho GOLD DUST twins do your work!" |p
|||l soap does and is much cheaper. fcfxj
HH It is the "World's Best Cleanser." Try it once and you will always use it K3
jl| THE N. K. FAIR3ANK COMPANY, Chicago. St Louis. New York, Boston. |||The man who feels certain of success
and labors to that end is seldom mistaken.
A. Catte. clerk in the Capitol Hotel. 702
Front street, secured a warrant from
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
A. QuillicI on a charge of robbery. He
stated that he was walking along Front
street Sunday night about 7 o'clock when
a man came up behind him and cut him
on the back of the ear with a knife. He
was then knocked down and robbed of $20.
He said he recognized Quillici, who used
to work in the Union Iron Works, as the
man who robbed him.
Knocked Down and Bobbed.
TO ARRIVE. .
Steamer. From. I Due.
Leelanaw New York via Panama Oct. 22
Loa Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 22
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 22
Pleiades Seattle Oct. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 22
Homer Humboldt Oct. 22
£ om ° na Humboldt Oct. 22
City of Peking china and Japan Oct. 22
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct- 23
Thyra Portland Oct. 22
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 22
San Mateo Taeoma Oct. 22
£ ur eka Humboldt Oct. 24
Mackinaw Taeoma Oct. 24
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 24
£?. lnt rJ, ena v," Point Arena Oct. 24
City of Puebla. p uge t Sound Forts.... Oct. 24
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma .... Oct. 24
Isewburg San Pedro Oct. 24
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 2<
oJ'°p",V"J" Humboldt Oct. 24
S th Portland.. Seatt i e Oct 2 4
laqua... Humboldt Oct 24
goronado San Pedro Oct. 25
£. al H ose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 25
g m P' re Coos Bay Oct. 25
V. arn w es i Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 23
Mackinaw i Seattle Oct 26
£ \v ™ Willapa Harbor Oct. 26
p«m ninJ"" 1>ortland & Astoria.... Oct. 27
5 h,? '. ar " Seattle & Hadlock Oct. 27
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 29
w nVvVr" Chlna and Japan Oct. 23
2> alia alia... p uget Sound Ports Oct. 29
?, ol ' ar Grays Harbor ....:.... Oct. 29
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 3u
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Oct. 31
TO SAIL.
Steamer. f Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
October 22. [
Argyll x. Y. via Panama. 2 pmlPier 3S
October 23. |
Mandalay.... Coquille River 5 pm|Pier 2
Amer. Maru. China and Japan.. 1 pm|PMSS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports|ll am Pier 9
October 24.
Arcata C. Bay & Pt Orford]10 am Pier 13
Korth Fork.. Humboldt | y am|Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p| Pier »
Corona JRedondo & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
October ii!i.
Thyra China and Japan. .J. Pier 27
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 5 pm Pier —
October 2(i.
American Honolulu Pier 20
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
Jiuieka Humboldt 12 m|Pier 13
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm|Pier 2
Loa Valparaiso & Way 12 m|Pier 10
Noyo 'Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coronado ISeattle direct 5 pm Pier 2
October 37.
Santa Rosa- San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Taeoma. a pm Pier 8
October 28.
Leelanaw.... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 38
San Juan Panama & "Way Pts 12 raPMSS
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Rival Willapa Harbor:... 12 m 5th St.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. • Due.
City of Seattle. Skagruay & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 23
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Oct. 25
Cottage .City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Robert L. Pitts, one of the Smtth-Perry-
Hagan gang, engaged in the passing of
notes of the defunct State Bank. of New
Brunswick, was committed to the custody
° f the United States Marshal yesterday
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock In default of $1500 bonds. Pitts
was indicted last Friday by the Federal
Grand Jury. :•• . . . \u25a0\u25a0 ? •'•"\u25a0..•
Note-Passer Pitts in Jail.
In addition to the cargo previously reported
the 6teamer Arequipa, which sailed Friday for
Valparaiso and way ports, carried merchandise
for Mexico valued at $1924; Central America
$4800; Ecuador, $644; Peru, $860; Chile, $440 The
principal shipments were as follows 1
To Mexico— 105 gals wine, 12 pkgs raisins, 3Srf
pkgs groceries and provisions, 17 pkgs paints
and oils, 12 coils rope, 2 cs dry goods, 1454 rba
sage. 264 lbs dried fruit, 107 pkgs fresh fruit
240 lbs tea. 402 lbs spice. 1 cs drugs. .
To Central America— 10.050 lbs rice 26 674 ft
lumber, 14 pkgs paints and oils. 40 pkg's gro
ceries and provisions, 40,000 lbs salt. 24 cs harj
ware, 4 pkgs machinery, 20 bbls cement 120
tt>s bread, 319 ctls wheat, 12 crs potatoes' D3»
tbs lard, 5 cs canned goods, 520 lbs ueDDer"
512 lbs cloves. 20 bdls bass. : . -.
To Ecuador— 29 pkgs groceries and provisions,
An Additional. Manifest.
The Italian steamer F. S. Ciampa was cleared
yesterday for St. Vincent for orders with 111,.
566 ctls wheat valued at $108,800 and 49,000 feet
lumber as dunnace valued at $735. i
Shipment of Wheat.
Shipping Intelligence.
: ARRIVED.
Monday, October 21.
Chll stmr Loa, Davies, 34 days from Val
paraiso, via Mazatlan 6 days.
Stmr GiDsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing".
Stmr Greenwood, Fajterlund, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Cella, Adler, 18 hours . from Albion.
Stmr Mandalay, . Reed. 4 days from Coos
Bay, via Crescent City 32 hours.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Bhlp St Nicholas, Brown, 13 days from Oys
ter Harbor. - . •
Ital bhip F S Ciampa, Maresca, 68 days from
Valparaiso. . -
Br EhlD Principality, Lewis, 169 days from
Newcastle, England. \u25a0
Br ship Carnedd Llewellyn, Humphreys, 133
days from Liverpool. ' .-,-:,' , - .
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. NY, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 21, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich \u25a0 time. • . . •
j. ,t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert. In charge.
Soo Hoo Chow was one of the men and
he took the unusual way of holding up
Hoo Lee on Commercial street, near
Montgomery, last Saturday afternoon
about 3 o'clock. He pinned him against
the wall of a building and robbed him of
his gold watch and chain, valued at $250,
and $5 55, all the money he- had in -els
pockets. . \u25a0 -
Hco Lee, a Chinese merchant at 717 Du
pont street,' swore out a warrant in' Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Soo Hoo Chow on the charge of rob
bery. It appears that the company. with
which Hoo Lee is connected sent a num
ber, of men to work in Alaska and when
they returned recently they found that
the company had filed a petition in bank
ruptcy and they? could not get their
money.
Being Swindled Out of His Wages, He
Holds Tip and Bobs His
Employer.
The Eldorado will load lumber at Blakeley
for Valparaiso, for orders, 52s 6d, chartered
prior to arrival: the Olympic, merchandise here
for Honolulu; the French bark Anjou and the
British ship Cambrian Hills are chartered for
wheat or barley to Europe, 323 9d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
SOO HOO CHOW TAKES THE
LAW INTO HIS OWN HANDS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of . High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, 'entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 22.
Sun rises .' 6:25
Sun sets 5 :24-
Moon sets 0:40 a. rn.
Time ' Timel Tlmel Time
Date Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
L W H W| L W| H W
22 ... 0:24 0.8 7:26 5.0 1:10 2.1 7:01 4.5
23 ... 1*3 0.9 8:C4 5.3 2:04 1.5 8:11 4.7
24 .. 2:09 1.0 8:41 5.5 2:51 0.8 9:13 4.9
25 .. 2:52 1.3 9:18 6.8 3:34 0.2 10:12 5.0
26... 3:36 1.4 9:54 6.1 4^18 — 0.4 11:10 5.1
27... 4:18 1.7 10:35 6.3 5:08—0.8
H W L W H W L W
28 .. 0:06 5.1| 5:00 2.0 11:14 6.4 5:59—1.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order at occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the Eoundings on the United Statej
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Weather Official Predicts Many Days
of Hot Weather for Coming
Month.
Without {riving- the slightest warning to
the public another hot spell descended on
the city yesterday shortly after noon and
kept the population sweltering for the
rest of the day.
"When the excessively high temperature
that made things generally uncomfort
able a week or more ago had disappeared
every one thought cool weather had Eet
in permanently, but Mr. McAdle of the
Weather Bureau predicts that there is
likely to be a considerable amount of hot
weather for a month to come.
The thermometer registered only 8L8 de
grees yesterday, however, although ft
seemed much warmer. San Diego an-1
Los Angeles reported a temperature of 94
-degrees, and at some points in the in
terior it was still hotter.
It is predicted that to-day will be about
as warm as yesterday, with a decrease
along toward night, when a cool wave is
scheduled to arrive.
Court of Appeals Decisions.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, Gilbert, Ross and Hawley on the
bench, handed down opinions yesterday
as follows:
The Minnesota and Montana Land and
Improvement Company vs. the City of
Billings and Yellowstone County and W
B. George, Treasurer of Yellowstone
County. Decree of the Circuit Court af
firmed.
The Peabody Gold Mining Company vs
the Gold Hill Mining Company. Decree
of the Circuit Court affirmed.
Life Insurance Suit.
Annie Gandoifo, widow of Antonio Gan
dolfo, filed a suit yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court against the . Mutual
Reserve Fund Life Association to recover
S5000 damages by reason of the refusal of
the company to pay a policy of $2500 on
Gandolfo's life.
Herman's Hats.
Nothing but hats will be sold to-mor
row. Thursday and Friday. I will sell
Dunlap. Stetson. Knox and Youman hats
worth $3.00 to $5.00 for $1.15 a hat In order
to make room for the bankrupt clothing
Etock of A. Brick & Co. P. C. Kelly, As
eiffnee, 773 Market St., near Fourth. •
RISE US TEMPERATURE
fti I » 'P'R.TS'Fy 1 THE CITjT
Stamp Thief Escapes With a Fine.
The charge of violating the internal rev
enue laws preferred against Thomas Nu
nan was dismissed by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yesterday upon the
accused paying $300 penalty and the costs
of the court.
Nunan was a driver for the Hibernia
Brewery, and about a year ago he was
detected by revenue agents as he was in
the act of removing tax stamps from beer
kegs and substituting canceled ones. Ow
ing to Nunan's influential friends having
urgently interceded with the department
at Washington the authorities allowed
the defendant to compromise the matter.
The Government had a clear case against
the prisoner. . .
In the Divorce Court.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Belle W. Holstein against
George H. Holstein for desertion, M. Sa
fere against Maria Safere for infidelity,
Eernhardlne Becker against Joseph W.
Becker for desertion, Anna Rankin
against J. L. Rankin for failure to pro
vide, Susan S. Evancich against Jeoviona
Evancich' for cruelty.
Maud E. Monks was granted a divorce
from Samuel Monks on the grounds of de
sertion and cruelty, and Frederick Wiege
man was divorced from Gesiene "Wiege
man on the ground of willful desertion.
Druinmor Sues Short Line Company
The suit for $25,000 damages instituted
by John W. Flynn against the Oregon
Short Line was heard by Judge Hunt and
a jury yesterday. Flynn is a commercial
traveler and he claims that he purchased
a ticket In this city which entitled him
to a trip from San Francisco to Hunting
ton, Or., via Ogden. He testified yester
day that on the night of June 19, 1901, he
was put off the train at Ogden by a ticket
inspector, who claimed that he was not
the person entitled to the use of the tick
et. The case was continued until to-day.
Suit fcr Heavy Damages Filed.
\V. G. Hall and Lucy B. Hall filed a
suit against the ,Market-street Railway
Company yesterday -for $53,830. The com
plaint 1 alleges that through the careless
ness of the railway company Mrs. Hall
was on April 27, 1900, knocked down by
an electric car on Carl street, between
Clayton and Cole, and injured to such an
extent that since that time she has been
unable to attend to her household duties.
The St. Paul, from . Seattle, was looked
for yesterday but failed to show up. Peo
ple who have friends aboard will probably
rind her at Folsom-street wharf this
morning.
The City of Peking, from the Orient;
the Loa, from South America, and the
Leelanaw, from Panama, will be dup to
day. V,
The ship Yosemite, Captain Peterson
owner, reached Melbourne, Australia, yes
terday, ninety-five days from San Fran
cisco. Some uneasiness as to her safety
had been felt latelv.
The Pleasure Seekers' Club had a most
enjoyable outins: at Paradise Cove oh Sun
day.- They -went over on the yacht Aze
line and were towed back to the city at
sunset.
According to the Examiner the trans
port fleet is in a bad way. For the sake
of those who have relatives on the ves
sels it may be as well to straighten out
the muddle. None of the vessels are laid
up excepting the Logan and Sherman.
The latter is now at the Union Iron
Works, while the former is at the navy
yard. Both vessels will be ready for sea
about the first of the year. .
The Dix is now on her way to Manila
with 6414 tons cf quartermaster's stores.
The Kilpatrick will sail about the 1st of
next month, and the Grant on November
12. Work on the Sherman Is progressing
well considering the strike, but the navy
yard people have, not made much of a
showing on the Logan.
«
"Water Front Uotes.
Tlie Overdue Fleet.
The vessels on the overdue list and the
rates of reinsurance which were paid yes
terday follow:
Roanoke, 131 days from Norfolk, Va., for San
Francisco, 25 per cent; Benjamin F. Packard,
133 days from Norfolk, Va., for Honolulu, 15
per cent; La Tour d'Auvergne, 159 days out
from Swansea for San Francisco. 10 per cent;
Edouard Detallle, 161 days from Cardiff* for
San Francisco. 10 per cent; Glenbreck from
Newcastle. England, for Valparaiso, 157 days
out, Sa per cent; Cralpnalr, 201 days out from
New Caledonia for Philadelphia, 90 per cent
George P. Burke, an attorney who im
bibed too freely of intoxicants and while
under their influence disposed of his law
library, was in Judge Graham's court yes
terday seeking to recover his books.
James H. King, who purchased the ii
brary, disputed his claim and exhibited a
bill of sale signed by Burke, conveying
the legal volumes to him for $100. Burke
admitted signing the bill of sale, but said
he was too drunk to know what he was
dcing. He "said he wanted the money to
pay his expenses during a sojourn at the
springs whither he went to sober up.
Burke claims that on his return from the
resort he offered King $125 for the books
and that the latter demanded $200. The
case was continued.
Says He Sold Them While Intoxi
cated to Raise Money to Take
Him 'to Springs.
ATTORNEY BURKE TRIES
TO RECOVER I^A-W BOOKS
The United States naval transport So
lace s;tfed for Pago Pago, Samoa, via
Honoluni yesterday. Among those who
went away on the vessel were: Rear Ad
miral .Robley D. Evans, Captains Cooper,
Glass, Thomas, Merry. Reiter and Har
rington, .and Captain Myer, United States
marine corps. These gentlemen are to
form the court that will try Captain B.
F. Tilley. naval governor of Tutuila.
The battleship Wisconsin, with Rear Ad
miral Casey aboard, is now on her way to
Samoa via Honolulu, and the court will
be held under his supervision.
Captain Tilley will not leave for Pago
Pago until the Sonoma sails. He is
charged with numerous offenses, of which
drunkenness is not the worst. The com
plainants are all said to be .prejudiced,
however.
Sailing of the Solace.
Nearly the entire fleet that made port
yesterday was composed of , coal-laden
vessels. The first to get in was the Brit
ish bark Hinemoa, from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, and she was followed by the Sir
Robert Fernie, from Newcastle. England.
Then came the Norwegian bark Here
ford, seventy-nine days from Newcastle,
Australia, and the ship St. Nicholas, from
the canneries. Soon after these vessels
were made out the British ship Dunearn,
from Newcastle, England, showed up
through the fog, and later in the day the
Carnedd Llewellyn, from Liverpool, was
made out For every one of them some
fears had been entertained.
On August 9 J. McDade, a seaman
aboard the Sir Robert Fernie, fell from
the fore topsail yard to the deck and was
killed.
Coal-I*aden Vessels Make Port, Glad
dening Reinsurance Gamblers.
FUEET OF SHIPS ARRIVES.
Leading merchants will tender the Com
missioner a reception In the rooms of the
Chamber* of Commerce this afternoon. De
tails of the tariff question will be under
consideration and addresses will be made
by prominent commercial men and the
guest of honor.
George W. Newhall gives a luncheon to
day in honor of General Sharretts, to
which the presidents of the various com
mercial bodies will also be Invited.
Representatives of the commercial
bodies of this city visited T. S. Sharretts,
United States Commissioner to China, at
the Palace Hotel yesterday and discussed
with him matters pertaining to the pro
jected Chinese tariff. That a tariff may
be framed which shall be favorable to
Pacific Coast products is of supreme im
portance to San Francisco and the com
mercial men are" very anxious that the
new Commissioner may realize the needs
of this section of the country.
Business Men to Tender Reception to
T. S. Snarretts, Government
Delegate to China.
SHOW STATE'S NEEDS TO
' TARIFF COMMISSIONER
derwriters are afraid of coal car
goes and in consequence almost every
vessel so laden is being reinsured. The
ships that got in yesterday are the Afon
Alaw, from Swansea, and the Principal
ity, from Newcastle, England. On the
former vessel 10 per cent and on the lat
ter 15 per cent was paid. The Afon' Alaw_
was only out 160 days and the Principality"
167 days, runs which are not deemed lon§
for this time of the year.
pTjr^WO ships upon Which reinsurance
I had been accepted made port yes-
I terday. Neither of them wa^
uL really behind time, but the un-
, Br sjjiP, Sir Robert Fernie, Cannon, 194 days
from Hull, via Newcastle, England. 169 days.
Br ship Afon Alaw, Thomas, 163 days from
Swansea.
Br ship Hinemoa, Walker, 60 dayB from New
castle, NSW. •
Nor bark Hereford, Jensen, 79 days from
Newcastle.
Br bark Dunearn, GUI, 169 days from New
castle, England.
Schr Newark. Cran>?le, 12 hours from Stew
arts Point.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 21.
Br stmr Cycle, Lenj?, London; Eppinger &
" a ! %\mr F S Ciampa, Caflero, St Vincent;
G W McNear.
SAILED.
Monday, October 21.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen,
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, .
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, .
Stmr Coos Hay, Nicolson, southernn coast.
U S stmr Solace, Winslow, Paeo Pago.
Ital stmr F S Ciampa, Cafiero, St Vincent.
Schr S Danielson. Nelson, — -, in tow stmr
Navarro.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, Oct 21, 10 p m- Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HAKBOR-Sailed Oct 19-Schrs Sail
or Boy and Halcyon, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct ill— Schr John
G Xorth, for Port Ludlow.
UMPQUA— Arrived Oct 18-Schr Lily, hence
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 20-Stmr City, of Se
attle. Oct 21— Stmr Farallon, from Skaguay.
Sailed Oct HI — Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco. Oct 20— Stmr Dlrigo, for Skuguay
Arrlved Oct 20— Stmr Centennial, from Nome
stmr Excelsior, from Valdez; stmr City o£
Seattle, from Skaguay. Oct 21— Stmr Walla
AValla. from San Francisco.
PORTLAND— Arrived Oct 21— Br ship Crown
of India, from Nagasaki; Fr bark Europe,
from I-Iobart.
Sailed Oct 21-Stmr Thyra, for Hongkong.
COOS BAY— Barbound Oct 21-Stmr Arcata
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 20— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Oct 15.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Oct 21— Br ship Go
div», from Taeoma, for Lfnlted Kingdom.
Passed in Oct 21— Nor stmr Tellus, hence
Oct 18. for Oyster Harbor: stmr Edith, hence
Oct .15, for Seattle: ship Two Brothers, hence
Oet 1U. for Taeoma.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco. >
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed inward Oct 21—
Bktn Quickstep, hence Ott 5.
NOME— In port Oct 9— Schr Abble M Deer
lngr and stmr Elmore.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Oct 11— U S stmrs
Bear, McCulloch and Thetis.
VALDEZ— Arrived Oct 12-U S stmr Seward*
from St Michael.
YAKUTAT— In port Oct 14— Schr Martha W
Tuft, from Seattle.
REDONDO— Arrived . Oct 21— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Ballard.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 21-Schr John
G North, hence Oct 8.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct 19.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr laqua,
hence Oct 20; stmr South Coast, hence Oct 19;
stmr Brunswick, hence Oct 20; stmr Ruth,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct Zl-^Stmr Samoa,
hence Oct 9.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 19-Schr Advent, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 20— Schr Ivy, hence Oct 11.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr
Santa Rosa, from San Francisco: stmr Mineo
la, from Nanalmo. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived Oct 19— Bark
Edward May. hence Oct 1.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 19— Br ship Cam
busdoon, hence May 30, and ordered to pro
ceed to Runcon.
BBACHY HEAD— Passed Oct 19— Br ship
Thirlmero, from Portland. Or, for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 18— Br stmr Algoa,
for San Francisco. > '
ACAPULCO-Salled Oct 17-Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco; stmr City of Sydney, for
Panama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ST JOHNS, N F— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Car
thagenian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for
Halifax and Philadelphia.
VLADIVOSTOK-Arrlved Oct Y Strar Tyr.
from Portland, Or.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Mongolian,
from New York. v
Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Sardinian, for Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Ulto
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Ammon,
from San Francisco and 'Valparaiso, via Lon
don, i
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 21-Stmr M»no
minee, from London; stmr Aller, from Naples,
Gibraltar and Genoa.
BROWHEAD— Passed Oct 22— Stmr Tauric.
from New York, for Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 22-Stmr Patricia, from
New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Ham
burg-
155 pkgs fresh fruit, S crs potatoes and onions,
1 cs drurs.
To Peru — "6 pkgs groceries and provisions,
119 lbs cheese.
To Chile— 4015 lbs tea.
Steamer Movements.
THE UNITED STATES BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN ON HER "WAY TO SAMOA WITH REAR ADMIRAL CASEY
ABOARD. CAPTAIN TILLEY OF THE ABARENDA IS TO BE COURT-MARTIALED AND ADMIRAL CASEY
WILL BE THE HEAD OF. THE COURT.
The ordinance authorizing the perform
ance of street work on Fourteenth ave
nue, between I and J streets; Potrero ave
nue, between Twenty-first and Twenty
third, and Greenwich street, between
Broderick and Devisadero, was finally
passed.
The bill creating two positions in the
Registrar's office went over another week,
as there \u25a0were only thirteen Supervisors
present, and fourteen votes are necessary
to pass the measure.
The ordinance reducing the width of the
sidewalks on the northerly line of Fulton
street, from Eighteenth avenue to the
Great Highway, to fifteen feet was passed
to print.
The petition of Hayes Valley residents
for the better lighting with electric arc
lichts of Hayes street from Market to
Fillmore was referred to the Light Com
mittee.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club was
granted a permit for an amateur boxing
exhibition on October 31. and. the San
Francisco Athletic Club a permit for a
professional contest in December.
The offer of the Partridge estate to sell
the Bay View farm to the city for $12,000
ss a site for a hospital was referred to
the Health Committee. A protest was
filed by South San Francisco residents
against the purchase of the site.
The Board of Works was given author
ity to grant a special permit to the Cali
foinia Lumber and Milling Company to
erect a bridge at Stockton and Beach'
streets. It was pointed out that the char
ter prescribed that mode of procedure
whenever any portion of a street was util
ised for private purposes. A general or
dinance covering the question of permits
on or over streets will be drafted by ths
Judiciary Committee for presentation to
the bonrd.
An ordinance ordering the paving of Va
lencia street from Market to Eighteenth
with asphalt on a concrete foundation, to
cost S^ 4 ,&00. was passed to print.
Claims of the Pacific Telephone Com
pany amounting to $4300 were ordered held
up until litigation affecting license taxes
cn its nickel machines Is settled.
Special Permit Granted.
Resolved, That the attention of the Board of
Public Works and the Chief of Police is hereby
called to the provisions of said Ordinance No.
Mj, and they are further requested to enforce
Ordinance No. i<€ immediately.
The Mayor was- authorized to draw on
the general fund for $2249 with which to
pay the expenses of the memorial ser
vices in honor of the late President Mc-
Kinley.
An ordinance was passed to print order
ing the repaving of Polk street from Sut
ter to Jackson for two feet on each side
of the street car tracks. Supervisor Cur
tis stated that the Sutter-street Railway
Company has refused to perform its por
tion of the work and the contractor will
assume the risk of receiving his money
s.o as not to delay the paving of the
street.
Whereas, On June 25, 1900, this Board of Su
pervisors; passed Ordinance No. P6 "'Regulating
the height and construction of fences of wood
or other inflammable material within the city
and county of San Francisco," and forbidding
any such fences of a greater height than ten
feet to be erected or maintained; and whereas,
by section 3 of said ordinance such fences of
over ten feet in fc^ieht are declared a public
nuisance, and the Chief of Police, upon direc
tion of the Board of Public Works, is directed
to abate the same; now therefore be it
Reed also presented a resolution calling
the attention of the Board of Public
\Vqrks and the Chief of Police to the pro
visions of the ordinance prohibiting the
maintenance of fences more than ten feet
In height and directing them to enforce
its provisions. The resolution, which
went to the Police Committee, follows:
High. Fences Must Come Down.
Section 5. Any person, association or corpora
tion violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine not more than five hundred
(SoW) dollars, or by imprisonment in the County
Jail not exceeding six »6) months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.
Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any per
son, 'association or corporation to distribute,
or cause to be distributed, any handbills or
dodgers upon the streets or sidewalks of the
city and county of San Francisco.
Section 2. To appear cn the streets of the
city and oounty ol Sa.n Francisco in extraor
dinary or unusual costume or dress, or playing
on musical instruments, or making any unusual
noise, for the purpose of advertising or attract
ine attention to advertisements.
Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any per
son, association or corporation to stencil, paint
or pat^te any kind of advertising matter on the
streets, gutterways or sidewalks, or on any ob
struction placed upon the streets or the side
walks of the city and county of San Fran
cisco.
Section L It shall be unlawful for any per
son, association or corporation to propel, or
cau*e to be propelled, any street cars on the
streets of the city and county of San Fran
cisco with advertisements printed, pasted or
painted on or attached to the outside of said
cars.
A resolution was introduced by Reed at
yesterday's meeting of the Supervisors
which is intended to prohibit freak ad
vertising cn street cars and the public
streets. Reed explained that the measure
•was a re-enactment of an ordinance on
the subject passed by the board, but
since declared unconstitutional by the
Police courts because the second section
discriminated against the carrying of
banners or placards with advertisements
thereon. The new ordinance, which elim
inates the section named, was referred to
the Police Committee, and follows:
The preliminary examination Of William
Buckley, Thomas Moran, Charles Donnel
ly and Edward Duncan on the charge of
murder for clubbing, shooting and killing
George TV. Rice, a non-union machinist,
at Twentieth and Howard streets on the
evening of October 11 was commenced be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday. Buckley
was represented by ex-Judges Ferral and
Murphy, Moran by Attorney George If.
Collins and Donnelly by Attorney Hutton.
The prosecution was represented by At
torneys Peter F. Dunne, Joseph F. Coffey
and Assistant District Attorney Harris.
It was decided to first take the evidence
of W. J. Platt, 2496 Howard street, and
his daughter Erline, as they had made
arrangements to leave the city for some
time. Piatt was the first witness exam
ined. He related getting on the car with
his daughter and when It arrived at
Twentieth and Howard streets a man
who was in front of him on the dummy
Kot off and met another man who got off
the rear of the car and struck him on
the head several times with a club, knock
ing him down. As the man who was
knocked down lay on his back on the
cobblestones rolling his head from side to
side another man went up to him and
fired four shots into his body. He chased
the shooter, who ran down Twentieth
street toward Shotwell, for about 150
yards and then returned to the car. He
identified Moran es the man who did the
clubbing and Buckiey as the one who
fired the four shots. He was subjected
to a long and severe cross-examination,
but his evidence was not shaken in any
material point.
Erline, his daughter, who is 14 years o*
age, positively identified Buckley as the
man who fired the four shots, but she
cculd not identify Moran. She said that
Buckley was hanging on to the pole in
front of her and a lady and when the»
car reached Twentieth street the lady
poked Buckley in the back, as he was
in her way of getting off. She- poked him
a second time and he turned around and
scowled at her. She saw a man clubbing
another man and Buckley jumped off the
car and fired four shots at the man who
was clubbed and knocked down. Her
cross-examination will* . commence this
morning.
Preliminary Examination of
the Pour Defendants
Commenced.
Chief of Police Directed to
Tear Down All High .
Fences.
Supervisors f Consider a
New Ordinance on
Subject.
He and His Daughter
Give Some Damaging
Testimony. .
PIATT DETAIL5
RICE'S MURDER
FORBIDS FREAK
ADVERTISEMENT
TWO COAL-LADEN SHIPS REACH
PORT DURING THE HEAVY FOG
Afon Alaw and Principality Are Reinsured Here, but Speculators Do
Not Play Either of Them to Any Great Extent— -Solace Sails
With Members of the Court That Will Try Commander Tilley
* \u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 : : — \u25a0 *
Kicked Out of a Store.
Mrs. Augustino Pucci, 771 "Willow ave-»
nue, secured a warrant from Judge Ca*
baniss yesterday for the arrest of "Joha
Doe" Meyers, who keeps a lamp store at
Buchanan and Ellis streets, on the chars®
of battery. She alleges that -she gave
Meyers a lamp to repair, and "when she
called for it yesterday morning she com
plained that It had not been properly set.
Meyers struck her and kicked her out o£
the store, she alleges.
On January 1, this year, the number of
men on the payroll of Krupp, the German
maker of guns, was 41,750.
-' - •\u25a0..--. /
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STT/\TE7V\EINT
OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th»
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, eondensed as per blank furnished by.
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount cf Capital Stock, paid tip In
Cash H.25O.00O »
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $301,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 837,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 7,173,654 33
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7,800 00
Cash in Company's Office 123,231 83
Cash in Banks ;.... 730.813*0
Interest due .and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 63 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 24,832 »
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1,238,541 33
Rents due and accrued 1.463 63
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 9.573 Si
Total Assets $10,979,253 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $232,622 4*
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 267,639 83
Losses resisted, including expenses... 64,866 14,
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $4,917,453 16;
reinsurance 50 per cent 2,438,737 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $6,023,-
867 05; reinsurance pro rata „. 3,003,313 H
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 84,300 00
Total Liabilities —^....$6,206,435 li
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $S.634.7« Si
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 61,660 04
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from,
all other sources 312,845 71
Received for Rents* 13.6S2 27
Total Income ' $7,072,934 S5
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $606,36G 64, losses of previ-
ous years) $4,371,957 t»
Dividends to Stockholders.. 400,000 uO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,163,657 81
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 511 705 Oi
Paid for State. National and Local
taxe.» 197539 94
AH other payments and expenditures 641.S08 64
Total Expenditures .".... $7, 2S6.850 U
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year $5,012,533 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
y car •••\u25a0•— $705,252,502 $3,442,122 U
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
yf 8r •- 665,432,202 7,898,132 35
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900. . 962.575.C69 10.940,322 21
GEO. L. CHASE. President.
„\u25a0-,_,. P. C. ROTCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4ta
day of January. 1901
DANIEL J. GLAZIER. Notary P'lV:-.
Pacific Department,
*£ 313 California St., San FranciscD.
Henry K. Belden, Manager.
Whitney Panache. * **t. Manager.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pplca Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strah!»
taJSiii 6 "*.* "gfcS an ? » Fremont st. :upoa
installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C WILSON & CO t0 ° Battery Street.
J VTTlLJUn tt^ll-, Telephone Main lMt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS. BOYES&CO. gS^fjayW»
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEON4RT> * ELL1SL
4U Front .t.. 8. F. Phon. Mai * nff* "*
PRINTINQ.
EC HUGHES, . m fflSSS?g:,. r .
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
u ...... 22 Tint ttreet. Saa Fraacao*
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ™ —
COPYMOMT «»•« iT TM« CBOCTtn A SAMIK CO. CI"Cm»»Tt
INSURED.
f_ — |OU insure your house against fire You know
J||C what [people would say if it burned down
™sT% without insurance. They would say you
I *Slr* I were wanting in business sagacity, that you
should have provided for this. Now leave house insur-
ance and consider clothing insurance. Here the danger
is even greater — not from fire, but from the chemicals
and strong soaps used in the laundry. Wise women
insure their finer, more delicate and perishable things
against this risk, and the premium they pay is the
trifling cost of Ivory Soap. That guarantees protection.
IVORY SOAP— IT FLOATS. *• '
AJVEBTISEMENTS._
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL".
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Beserve
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street,
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND.
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
ORJEYERS&CO, J|ptt%
Specialist. Disease Mag&Bf F
and weakness of Wgzfj *
men. Established S^Iore /^SSIf^fS
1881. Consultation \\T»- *?W ,TK?
and private book \v«, /A
free, at office or by k
mail. Cures guar- K^'%&i£irr?**?
anteed. Till Mar- Jr^^?^*^"**;
ket street (eleva- Jn\. r^M^f^ '
tor entrance), San
Francisco. »*^
and
WOMEN
"^ V A^^^^i.^*^^^Ns >^ Can obtain renew-
/ '^wx^fy^^^^Y^C^ vigor by tne use of
*/* ft? X $ \ V'N "ELECTRICBELT*
end Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity Is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Pierce' s, for It Is the BEST.
Thousands cured!
tyCall at office or «end a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 206 Post St.. San Fran-
clsco. Eastern office— 1145 Broadway. New
York.
' fiKj^b^A*^^^-^^"^ W^a
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great j
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A -Sfi w T1 lS Aoal omi"l Museum in the \
t ' adRSk World. Weaknesses or »ny contract A
© i|£ ||1 iP«ulist on the Coast. Esl 36 years! O
A fl^^i DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f VfrWVH -Consultation free and strictly pri»ate \
9 U AP^tB TreatIn "t personally or by lett-r A i
\ S f 11 1 Po * itiva Cwr * ia eTe nr«»«Bnae»uken. f
i VI llw w ritefor Book. PHILOSOPHY af A
7 • II I 1 * mAItRIACK. MAILED FRBB. ( A 9
. | {J {J. valuable book for mrn) \
I DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S F W
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
We offer some stock for sale In this min. ».
60c per share. Price will be advanced v at
vember 15. The money will be uL d f O r Sev.?"
opment and to build a furnace, which win im"
mediately enhance the value. Vast Quantitf^
of ore are developed with a shaf* 260 ft»? iif
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 7*0 ,1 ? "J
laat with buildings and raach& We w\m
C^^c^e^^van^ed "ffi^'S «%
President Sa^SKKS,
7 North Market st S»n j3 r-Ii
CUFF flOYlL^Si
uni l iiu I n La— OY ««,,j* Si
- valises checked free.
Weekly CaH,$l.00 per Year
JNOTICElSl
Observe this blue signature
on every Jar of
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef
. Por KITCHEN Por Sick Room
|. ..-.-Mil. I III IIIMIIIII1BIII 1MB \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0! if 1Attorney E. Myron "Wolf tendered his
resignation to Judge Cook yesterday as
trustee of the estate of Mrs. Mary Brun
ning, who was sent to an insane asylum
and was recently restored to capacity". His
accounts were finally adjusted and settled
and the Union Trust Company, was ap
pointed trustee.
Wolf No Long-er Trustee.
James G. Maguire argued for three
hours yesterday in support of his motion
for a new trial of the Craven-Fair deed
case. He made a point of the fact that
the handwriting experts who testified at
the trial in which the deeds were declared
forgeries failed, with one exception, to
take into consideration that on September
24, 1S94, the date on which it was claimed
he signed 'the documents. Senator Fair
was suffering ffom palsy, and that there
fore a great change was bound to occur
in his signature. . .The trial will be re
sumed to-day.
Maguire Attacks Experts.
Since the severe attack of diphtheria
which prostrated the Chief some months
ago he has sulfered much from neuralgia
and lumbago. His anxiety during the
strike and close attention to business ag
gravated his suffering till ' the collapse
came last week.
Chief of Police Sullivan has been con
fined to a bed since last Thursday, and be
cause Dr. Bazet, who has been attending
him, called Dr. Gallwey and another phy
sician into consultation yesterday the re
port was circulated that the Chief was
dangerously ill.
Captain Wittman, who is acting Chief,
said yesterday afternoon that the physi
cians in consultation had come to the con
clusion that all the Chief needed was ab
solute rest for a few days, when he would
be all right again, and- that there was
nothing serious about his condition.
Lumbago, but Condition. Is Not
Deemed Serious, i
Suffers From Attack of Neuralgia and
CHIEF OF POLICE IS
CONFINED TO HIS BED
The 'fali-will be open daily from 11 a. m;
until 11 p. m., and a concert will be given
each evening-. During yesterday the fair
was visited by many persons in the early
hours, and in the evening the attendance
was most satisfactory.
The young ladies' sodalities of St. Igna
tius, the Cathedral and Sacred Heart
Academy are rivals in the voting 1 contest
for the tapestry pictures of the Blessed
Virgin that are alone worth a trip to the
Pavilion to see.
The Catholic Ladles' Aid booth Is dec
orated in white and gold and differs from
its companions in that it has a miniature
racing- track that ' gives considerable
amusement and helps to swell the fund
for which the fair is being held.
me lunch booth is open daily from mid
day to 2 p. m., and the business men will
not regret partaking of the generous
viands set forth on the snowy draped
tables.
TOUNG SOCIETY WOMEN* WHO
ARE TAKING AN INTEREST IN
THE CATHEDRAL. BAZAAR.
RIVERSIDE, .Oct. 21.— Riverside Coun
ty is constructing a new jail and Is tak
ing a decidedly advanced stand In archi
tectural design. The plans adopted by the
County Supervisors Indicate a structure
of pleasing effect— if any jail may be said
to be attractive. It Is of a modern mis
sion type -. and will be "constructed of
brick and stone. The contract price, in
cluding the cost of eight steel cells, was
$33,247. The Sheriff will have offices on
the ground floor, where will be located a
kitchen and conversation cage. On the
second floor will be the dining-room, liv
ing-rooms an<J witness-room, .. .
Attractive Home for Crooks.
Mr Alfred Bouvier the local director of the Grau grand opera season. Is in
receipt cf some further details regardirg the repertoire. He states that it will
be the most varied and comprehensive repertoire ever presented to a San Fran
cisco public He is in receipt of a telegram from Mr. Grau confirming the reper
toire for the first week, which will include "Lohengrin," "Carmen," "Traviata."
"Manon." "The Huguenots." "Faust" and "Tannhauser." one considers
th;jt in everv one of these operas there : will be a world famous prlma donna.
be; ides a cast of extraordinary strength, one can realize the enormity of the Grau
ornar£atlo£ which has not been equaled In the operatic history of the world
The applications for boxes continue brisk and the balcony loges have been
fiUMcribed for as follows: H M Holbrook. J. D. Spreckels. M. H.Hecht.
Mr.« Frank Jde" Witt Allen. 5 Mrs. Fhebe Hearst. W..F. Herrln, Mrs. I. W. Hell-
Otn: Leon Sloss, General Shafter. Mrs. Isadore Schwartz, James D Phelan Wa
ter Martin, Alexander Morrison, Charles E: Green. Mrs. W. P. Fuller and Wil
liam Bourne. - •.\u25a0'.,
GRAND OPERA REPERTOIRE.
The prevailing opinion Is that Lowe,
having indulged too freely In Ukiah
cheer, was mentally befuddled and really
believed he was doing the proper thing
when he took the child aboard the train.
His bewildered brain evolved the theory
that as the youngster was playing near
the station .Its' parents must have been
passengers on the excursion train, who
had carelessly neglected to take it with
them into a car.
URIAH, Oct. 21.— William H. Lowe of
San Francisco, who kidnaped 3-year-old
Harold C. Sloper, the prize-winning .baby
of the late Santa Rosa street fair, whom
he found playing near the California
Northwestern station In this city yester
day, was brought back to . Ukiah from
Santa Rosa by Deputy Sheriff Charles
Smith this morning. He was taken be
fore Justice Critchfleld this afternoon
and held for preliminary examination,
with bail fixed at $1500. He has engaged
John C. Ruddock as his local attorney.
Lowe says he had no Intention of kid
naping the child, but was acting the part
of a good Samaritan, believing the baby
belonged to a passenger on the excursion
train. When asked why he did not report
the matter to ihe conductor before taking
the child seventy miles from Its home, he
claimed he was looking through the cars
for its parents during the trip to Santa
Rosa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Man Who Carried Off
Baby Harold Sloper
Explains. .
KIDNAPER LONE
BACK IN UKIAH
The green and white decorations of the
St. Cecelia booth make it a conspicuous
one in the collection. A statue of the
Immaculate Conception is one of the most
attractive articles to be found in this
Booths Artistically Decorated.
The Young Ladies' Institute has a booth
near the entrance to the building that is a
bower of American flags. Conspicuous in
the art collection of the structure is a dis
play of posters and a statue of the Sacred
Heart.
In the Sacred Heart booth the predom
inating decorative color is red. and the ef
fect is most striking. A doll collection is to
be found here, with hundreds of varieties
of the dainty creations of dress. A painting
of Archbishop Riordan also graces the
booth and is for sale.
The young ladies of the Immaculate
Conception booth have used blue and
white to good effect, and here again can
be seen hundreds of dainty dolls that are
sure to bring a good price. Musical in
struments and chinaware are features of
the booth. *
many works of art that have been donat
ed for sale.
The members of the various parishes
have transformed the Pavilion into a ver
itable bower of beauty, and nothing more
artistic could be conceived than the many
booths that line each side of the building.
It would be difficult to select a booth
more artistic than its companion. The
cathedral booth is decorated in the papal
colors — yellow and white — and is filled
with artware and bric-a-brac, paintings,
tapestry work and other works of art.
St. Mary's booth is in imitation of an
old mission, with flanking towers, bells
and growth of ivy leaves. Some beautiful
paintings by the Sisters of the San Ra
fael Dominican Convent and hand-em
broidered cushions are but a few of the
olic parishes of the city indicates
that there will be a big reduction in the
debt of the building fund of St. Mary's
Cathedral.
&»yi=5a HE generous attendance yester
\u25a0 day at the Cathedral Fair now
\u25a0 being given in the Mechanics' Pa
il, vilion by the ladies of the Cath-
SAN LUCAS. Oct. 21.— Giacomo Basso,
who was wanted in Merced County for
the killing of his partner, was arrested
her? by Constable Joseph Dosh and turned
over to the under sheriff of Merced Coun
ty, who returned with the prisoner this
meaning. Basso is an expert in evading
The officers, having slipped through the
finders of the Watsonville constables after
they had placed him under arrest, and
succeeded in reaching this point, seventy
five miles away, without further molesta
tion. He was recognized by Dosh from
the description sent out by the Sheriff's
c??l?e of Merced County, and after an ex
citing chase, in which he made a desper
ate effort to escape, he was safely lodged
in jail. He had in bis possession a certi
fied check for $300, Tbesides a gold watch
arc, other valuables. He was positively
identified by ihe Merced officer as the
nan wanted.
Giacomo Basso Captured.
REDDING. Oct. 21.— The Board of
School Trustees to-day closed the public
schools of Redding for two weeks to pre
vent the spread of scarlet fever, which
has broken out in a number of families.
Evfry possible measure has been taken
to prevent an epidemic. The schoolhouses
have been fumigated every day for a
week with sulphur and the number of
drinking cups greatly increased. One case
of the fever is cf the most malignant type,
while others are milder. The disease ex
ists in Red Bluff and has existed in Kes
wick. It is a peculiar fact that the towns
affected are all en the bank of the Sacra
mento River.
Board of Trustees Takes Precautions
to Prevent a General •
Epidemic"
SCARLET FEVER CLOSES
SCHOOLS OF BEDDING
"o-morrow the fair will be in full swing,
as all the pavilion and livestock exhibits
will be in place. The showing of thor
oughbred stock of all kinds is very exten
sive, and this promises to be the best fea
ture cf the exhibition. In the afternoon
the first races of the fair will take place.
M&ny horses are entered and some fast
time is expected.
.he fair was opened to-night with an
address by Congressman J. C Needham,
which was followed bv a musical pro
gramme, the Fresno military band sup
plying the music.
HANFORD. Oct. 21.— The first agricul
tural fair ever held in Kings County
opened to-night in the mammoth pavilion
ju:=t completed by the Kings County Ag
ricultural Association. There were sev
eral thousand visitors from this and ad
joining counties. Although all the exhib
its were not yet in place the pavilion pre
sented a. beautiful sight to-night. Nearly
every business house in Kings County
has an exhibit, and every line of indus
try was represented. The fruit display Is
especially line.
Splendid Display of the Resources of
the Lower San Joaquin^
Valley.
XIN"GS COUNTY FIRST
AGBICITLTTJRAI/ FAIB
1 hree men. each bearing a weighty bun
dle, boarded the early boat from Sausa
lito this gorning:. The officers are now
searching Trnd Manager S. B. Cushings is
bin-ing burglar alarms.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. 21.— Three burglars
psid a nocturnal visit to the Tavern at
the top of Mount Tamalpais last night
ard now the hotel people are mourning
the loss of a cash register and its con
tents, amounting to $50, and sundry arti
cles of silverware— In fact, everything
that was portable and had any value
Aflfr the last train had left the sum
mit last night three well dressed men
were observed sitting on the veranda, en
jonng their cigars. After a while thev
had supper and then left the hotel, taking
th<? trail toward Mill Valley. It was sup
posed that they were cross-country tour
ists out for a spin and no particular at
tention was paid to them.
I pon opening the hotel this morning a
surprise was in store for the manage-
m T t- \u25a0 f> rawers . clos^ts and strong boxes
if yielded to the forceful persuasion of
tfce burglar's jimmy and their contents
lay scattered about the rooms. Ancient
silver spoons and forks with honorable
rr-crrds, a silver butter dish, a pair of
field glasses and a pair of Manager Cush
ingrs green bloomers were missing. The
casih register had departed.
The officers were at once notified and
a search was made. About two miles
frcm the Tavern, in a patch of chaparral,
the torn and battered body of the cash
reirister was found, minus all that was of
vame.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Make Away With Everything
of Value That They
* Can Carry.
Three Burglars Steal the
Cash Register and
- Silverware.
MT. TAMALPAIS
TAVERN ROBBED
CATHEDRAL FAIR POSSESSES
MANY ATTRACTIVE FEATURES
ARTIST NEEDHAM
SLAYS WILDCAT
Fairylike Booths in the Mechanics' Pavilion Are Filled With Artistic
Displays, and Prominent Society Women Will Daily Play the
Role of /Saleswomen and Serve Dainty Luncheons to Visitors
Clubs Vicious Brute to
Death Witty His
. Easel. SS
Painter Is Given a Surprise
While at Work Near
San Anselmo.
booth, if not In the entire fair.
All Saints' booth is a fairy creation In
pink, and hundreds of dainty articles are
displayed there for sale, in addition to a
collection of massive furniture.
In the booth of St. Elizabeth, decor
ated in pale green and 'red, is to be found
a display of hand-painted china, dainty v
and artistic.
- The booth of the Children of Mary is a
creation in light blue and represents a
summer house with silver lattice work
around it. A fish pond in this booth is
sure to coax its patrons into generosity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 21.— A peaceful art
ist and a sharp clawed wildcat to-day en
gaged in a deadly battle on the hills near
San Anselmo. Victory went to the artist,
who beat the cat to death with his easel.
Doniinick Needham went to a knoll
back of San Anselmo this morning to fin
ish a painting of " Mount Tamalpais.
While engaged at this work his attention
was 'suddenly called to a small object
playing near him. Closer inspection
proved it to be a small wild kitten. Mr,
Needham, believing this a good opportu
nity to gain a pet, grabbed the kitten.
There was a faint cry and then, the moth
er wildcat came bounding upon the scene
from fhe adjacent brush. She alighted
upon the artist, who commenced to battle
for his life. Shaking the enraged feline
from him, he grabbed his easel and. with,
sundry swats stunned the brute and ulti
mately killed it. In the melee the kitten
left foreparts unknown and could not be
found. \u25a0
All that remains to. remind Mr. Needi
ham of his exciting 1 experience -is his
shattered paraphernalia, an assortment of
scratches and a spotted pelt some forty
inches in length.
Ostriches Shipped to France.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.-Forty " os
triches have been shipped from the South
Pasadena ostrich farm to Marseilles, in
the south of France. They will be a nu
cleus for ostrich farming in France and
will be located on a farm near Nice. The
object of the enterprise is to supply os
trich feathers for the markets of Paris,
and, incidentally, to form an exhibit for
the thousands of tourists who annually
visit the great watering place of Nice.
Guests of Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 21.— Right Rev.
Daniel Tuttle, Bishop of Missouri, has
been here as the guest of Rev. C. O. Til
lotson and preached in Calvary Episcopal
Churchy yesterday. Rev. William Lipton
of Jersey City, N. J., a cousin of Sir
Thomas Lipton, has also been among the
many Episcopal delegates visiting here.
Every day a large number arrive to visit
the Bigr Trees and to take a drive around
the cliff and down the San Lorenzo Can
yon. • y '
Duke to Marry English. Beauty.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The announcement
of the engagement of the Duke of Ham
ilton and Brandon to Nina Poore, one of
England's beauties, has caused wide
spread interest. The Duke of Hamilton
and Brandon is Premier Peer of Scotland
and hereditary keeper of Holbrood Pal
ace. A few years ago he was a poor lieu
tenant in the navy, but succeeded to the
titles and the estates in 1895.
Indians Select a New Chief.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 21.— The
Sechelt Indians have a new chief. He Is
Chief Tommy, and he was elected by the
old men In council as an executive officer
to relieve the two hereditary chiefs, both,
of vhom are aged men. It will be his
province to resist encroachments on the
rights of his people. His election will
have to be ratified by £he Dominion Gov
ernment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- OALIi, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
P^ Miss Lillie Degenkolbe, Treasurer South
End Society of^Christian Endeavor, 3 141
Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111., Cured ' by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound* '
/ **. Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — • When life looked brightest to me I
sustained a hard fall and internal complication were the result.!
I was considerably inflamed, did not feel that I could walk, and. lost'
my good spirits. I spent money doctoring without any help, when W
relative visited our home. She was so enthusiastic over Lydia E.
PinKham's Vegetable Compound, having used it herself, that
nothing would satisfy her until I sent for a bottle, I have thanked
her a hundred times for it since, for it brought blessed health to me
and cured me within seven weeks.
K I now wish to thank you, your medicine is a friend to suffering
women." — Lilt-ie Degenkolbe.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE,
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, f aintness, lassitude,
excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all.
gone," and " want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E,
Pinkham'8 Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you need the best.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick women to write her for advice*
She has sniided thousands to health. Address. Lynn, Mass.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"Weak back?
Some people suffer from this ail-
ment nearly all their lives. They
are nervous and despondent
through loss of sleep. The fact is
their kidneys are weak and are
unable to perform their proper
functions. The, best' medicine to
strengthen the kidneys, stimulate
the liver and cure indigestion,
dyspepsia, sleeplessness or
malaria, fever and ague, is
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
RAILWAY. TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market- street Ferry Depot.
\ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:90 a S:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:20 p
•' Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:4S a ....
•' Bakrsfild 6:15 p' 5:20 p 7:30 a
•' Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. | 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train' is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding 1 train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. • -
ABVEHTISEME27TS.
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
Pears 1 Soap established over 100 years.
RAILWAY TBAVELw
SOUTHERN PACIFIC!
Trains lemt unit »r« dna to nrrlf. m%
NAN FIIAHt'lNl'O. f , .
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) W
LKAVE — ?B0M OCTOBia 6. 1301. — ABMT»
7:OOa Beuicia, Suisun, Elmira and Sacra-
mento............................* • :*\u25a0"*»
7:00a Vacaville, Winters, Rumaey 7:33*
7 :3U a M artiuez, Sao IU in on, Vallejo. Naps,
CalUtoga and .Santa iloia/. «:23r
8:OWA D&Tis, Woodland. KnignU Landing,
Marjmille, Urotille.. ?s33»
SiOOa Atlantic KxpreM— Ogden and East 12:23 p
8:O«a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton ?:~*r
8:00a N'iles, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
Porterrille 4:5Sy
•:30a Shasta Express— Davis, .Willlanu (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bad
Bluff. Portland 7lS3»
• i3Oa Sau Jose. Lltermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Plaeeriille,
M»rjB»ille, Chlco, KedJtlutf 4i23p
BiSOa Oakil*le, Chinese, Sonnra, Carters... 4s23p
»:««» Hayward. Kiles and Way Stations.. 1 li.V*\
B:OOa Vallejo i la:25»
. WiUOa Los Angeles Eifreas — ftlartines,
Tracy, Latbrop. tttockton, Meroed
Fresuo and Los Angeles 7s23y
«:U0i VallfJn. Martluez aud Way Stations 7:35y
10:00 A Th» Oterlaiid Limited— Ogdeu, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago ••S3a<
tl:OOp Sacramento Itlter Steamers fSiOOA
8:3Op Hayward, Niles and Way SUUona.. 7>33*
4tttUr Jieuicia. Winters, H»cr»iueino,
Woodland, KuigbU Landiuj.
MuryiTille. Orotille 10:39^
4iO«p Martlnex, Han ltaiumi. Vallojo.
Napa. Ualistnica. Santa Roaa »i33a.
4-.OOp NUes, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi... IZsaSr
4 :3t»r Hayward, Wiles, S)an Jose, LiTermoro tSrAS*
4i3Op Port Costa, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton lu:23*
»:OOpThe Owl Limited— Fresuo. Tulare, ,,
Bakenfleld. 8angiis for Sauta Bar-
bara. Los Angeles 8s33*
Si«Or Martinez. Antiocb, Stockton, Mer-
eed,Fresoo 12:23*
fs30rNew Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, Eakentield, Los Angeles,
Deming. £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East Ti.13*.
•lAOpBafward, Nlles and Sao Jose ?i33a.
f«:OUp Vallejn 11:23a,
fliOOr Oriental Mail-OgJea, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Cbicseo — • 12:23>
•tOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denter.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4i23»
7tOOp Oregon and California l£xi>ress,Hao-
riunnntii. Mar>9tllle, It»<Mlnar.
l'ortliinil, 1'nget riunnd and Kail B:33A
ti«3rSan Pablo, Port Costa, Martinea
and Way Statious 11:23*
ISlOSp Valleji. 7s53p
COAST LINE (.Narrow tiange). ;
• (Foot of Market Street.)
8:13a Neirark.0'enterfille,>Sau.lo8e.Feltog,
Boulder C'rcelt . Sau t a Crux and Way
SUtions 5»30f>
tStlSp Newark, Ceiiterville. San .lose, New
Almsileu, Feltou. lioulder Creek,
Sauta Cruz and Triacipal Way * ;
Stations J««n«U
4:13p Newark, Sau Jose. Los Gatos t«:50A,
\u25a09.3 op Hunter*' Train— .San Jose and Way
Stations t7.2Oy
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroa SiS FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
t/:18 »:00 11:00*. a. 1:03 3:03 SdZf.U.
rrtmOiIUHD— Fett *;Buaiw*j.— tri.00 {3:00 t3:C*
10.00 a.m. 12:38 2. 03 1:03 r.M. > -^
COAST L.INE (Broad (inage).
(ThlrJ and Townaeml Sta.)
8:IOa 8aa Jose and Way Mtatiqns. «s3i»f
7:«Oa Han Jose ami Way Stations ll 1!l F
/7:»oa New AlmadMi /4JXOF
ViOOAMau Jose. Tres «nos. SauU Crux, &\u25a0*#
Paeille (Uo«e, Salinas, San Lnia
Oblspo. SanU Barbara aud Prin-
cipal intermediate .Stations I*!? y
IOiSOa. San Jose and Way Stations £*£**
I im»A Han .lose and Way Stations ..-....• IH3O*
ta:l»PSan Mateo, ltedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, SanU Clara. San .lone,
Tres Pinos, Santa Crux. Salinas.
Monterey ami l*aeine Gro»e fl«:43A,
StaOpSanJoaeand Way Stations......... «»3O*
t4:l3»> 8an Jose ami Principal Way Stations «;!.>.*,
«3t00rSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUtions I® 1 *?*
5»«Op flan Jose aud Princinul Way Stations 8:36a,
••OOP Eedwood. San Joso. GUroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles IOjOSa
«:3Op San Jose aud Way Statious t»' fto A
«ll8-J3pSan Jose ami Way Statious 6:30y
A for Morniut. ¥ for A f ternoon.
t Sunday exeepted. t 5, und ? T onIy i .__.,
• Saturday only. ./Tuesdays and Fridays.^
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROA&
Via SausaUto F«rry.
Commencing September 29. 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLETC
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. «9:30. 11:00 a. m._
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:13. S:i5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. "Wednesdays and Satur*
days at 9:20 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •3:00. *10:00, »ll:30 a. m.. nn\
3:15, »4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 'a^S, 6:27, 7:45, 8:33, 1O:1S
a. m., '12:2s. 2:15. •Z.ZS. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays,
and Saturdays at. 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •S:0O. *10:0O, »11:45 a. m_
•1:40, •MS. 4:45. •6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:3))
a m , 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:0a, ZiO. 8:30.
6:00, 6:45 p. ™- HROUGH T raINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stv.
1°45" p. . in. Saturdays— Duncan 31111s and was:
* 8*:0O D aI m. 6undaj>— Duncan Mllla and waj;
8 Lesaf'Holldays boata and trains will ma oq
Sunday time.
\u25a0wej^k: ]m:e3st ! '
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORA- gMWWjMj
TOR stops all losses In 2t RA3flr«»3
hours. You feel the improvement MrJ*WW
from the first dose. VTe have so iaaliia B«
much confidence in our treatment H ftl
that we offer five hundred reward l»fl BBS
for any case we cannot cure. This WfS Sfffl
secret remedy cures Emissions. Us-yJ \fci-4
Impotency, Varicocele, Gonor- SbSL P^S
rhoea. Strictures. Gleet, Drains. h£J2xamM
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effects o£
self-abuse or excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle;
3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Call
or address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at
1073H Market St.. S. F. All private diacMC*
auickly. cured, Send for tree bool* ,. ' " »..
-
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
...OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME.
, WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
nosmokI: 309 to 3/7 Market Street.
. San Francisco.
BAII/WAY TRAVEL.
r , k "]
AryauflSeryice:
The porters in charge
of Burlington tourist sleep-'
ing-cars are picked men. .
Most of them have been
with us for years. They
are honest, civil and oblig-
ing. They know what is
expected of them, and the
excursion managers see
that they do it.
From Los Angeles, Mondays and
Wednesdays : San Francisco, Tues- \
days and Thursdays; Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis — .
EVERYWHERE east.
_ • _ Tickets and berths
[JPffiKaSSHj at 631 Market Street.
PlijMlfel 1 w - D - Sanbcusc,
IsSsSSsSi . Gen'l Agent. .
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTEBI fit Ct
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F««ry. fort. •# Battm A
San Francisco to San Rafael. -
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m.. '\u25a0 \u25a0
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m. -
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. xn.; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato,- 10:40am 8:40am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
* Fulton.,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
'. • Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 amjlO:25 ain
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm , 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pml Eebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and .White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah lor Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Willlts, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. :
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, • R. X. RYAN.
' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS UAILWAV
Leave Via Saiisalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- Th , 4: i5,.K.tr»io .*».«*. . Sun " Week
Davs - davs - Bfcht .i A. da > s - P^- 3 -
?-30 a. S:00a. ntaniat *„„ » t 1M 1.00 p. 9.45 A.
4do P. 11:30 a. w- k d»« .«w 4:25 p - o:5 ° *•
1:15 p. *• "•' * Kk *•»' "**• 5:55 p.
Fair, S»n Frmtlu-o to Summit and Return. 11.80.
SoketOmcra. <3I MARKET STREET ltd BAUSALETO FERE. I.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABNY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment nf Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doc tor cures when
others fall. .Try him. t'barges low.
c:i«re*cuarnnterri. Cullor writ*
Dr. J. F. «IBBOX, Sau rranciscc. CaLSTOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March
Opening 5 9'4 5 101,,
Closing 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS. *
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 2100 22 15
Closing 20 95 22 05
" Flour-
Opening '. 27 00 .28 13-
Closlng ..•..» 26 95 2S 05
Eastern Livestock Market. '
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct." 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 24,
000. Choice steady, others slow. Good to prime
steers, $6 20(56 85; poor to medium steers, $3 75
@6; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 25; cows,$l@
4 65; heifers, $2 50@5; canners, $1@2 25; bulls
Jl 15i?M 65;'. calves, $3tf6 35; Texas fed steers
$2 SOfftH 80:- Weetern steers, $3 50@5'50. . '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000. Opened steady
Foreign Futures.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S4%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling ' Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 4?J?
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT- Antwerp was firmer, but Liverpool
and Paris showed little change. The amount
on passage to .the United Kingdom decreased
1,472,000 bushels. There .were light rains in the
Argentine, but cables i reported that they were
of little use.
The American visible supply Increased 1.1S5,
0C0 bushels. Chicago opened a shade firmer on
better foreign advices, but fell back on the
light rains in the Argentine. Speculation was
active, but the demand for local trade was
moderate. There was large local selling. The
seaboard reported the 'foreigners fair buyers.
In this market shipping grades stood as be
fore, but futures were slightly weaker.
• Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; milling. 98%c
®$1 02% per ctl. •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4,000
ctls. 98%c; May— 10,000 ctls, $103%; 2000 ctls.
$1 03%; 4000 ctls, $1 02%.
Second Session— 2000 ctls. 98%c: 6000 ctls, 9SHc;
May— 4C00, $1 03%; 4C0O ctls. $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 12,000
ctls, 9S%c; May— 40CO ctls, $1 03%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, 9S%c;
10,000 ctls, 9S%c; May— 2000, $1 03%.
BARLEY— The market is steady and the de
mand may be a trifle better. Spot prices, how
ever, show no imDrovement.
Feed, 72«£(g73 ! )ic for choice bright, - 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier. 95c©
tl 05 per ctl. . - . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 12,000
ctls. 72c ; December- 2000, 69%c ; 6000, 69%c.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 69%c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, 72c. \u25a0 X^ J
OATS—Receipts were large, being 10,710 ctls
The market continued firm ana unchanged
Grays, $1@1 20; whites, $1 15@1 30; black, $1®
J 20. and red. $1 05@l 20 per ctl. \u25a0 • - • -
CORX— Chicago was heavy and rather lower
This market continued dull, easy and. more or
less nominal. Large yellow, $1 50; small round
do, .to arrive, $140 bid. Eastern white, to ar
rive in bulk, . $1 67%@1 70 per ctl.
RYE— 75?i77VjC per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
Flour and, Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25©
3 50, usual terms; Bakers'* Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per ; barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. . . \u25a0 •
MILLSTUFFS-rPrlces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount "to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, *2 75; Rye
Meal, . ?2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, ?3 25;
Provisions.
The Chicago market was again, somewhat
lower. The demand was reported moderate for
meats, but very poor for Lard. Receipts of
Hogs were. less than anticipated.
Quotations in this market ' remained ' un
changed.- Lard has turned completely around
and whereas several weeks ; ago It was the
firmest and most active article ln - the list
it is now the dullest and weakest. Hams and
Bacon are also quieter and easy, though prices
are no lower. Some dealers, however, are
shading ouotations on Hams %c.
CURED .. MEATS — Bacon. 12%c per - lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light' medium, 14c for light,
15c for. extra light and 16c. for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14&c; California
Hams,' 13%c:'Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; 'extra
Mess. $12; Family. $12 50; Prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear,' $23; \u25a0 Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound. \u25a0
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
•!CEW YORK. Oct. 21.— Speculative sentiment
Viontlnucd profoundly dubious to-day, but in
ttead of the conflicting movements of prices
ard the confusion which have reflected this
onndition for some time past, the stock market
[£nk into a lethargy. Even the professional
operators seemed to give up the idea of at
tempting to foresee the future movement of
prices. It would be necessary to go back a
year to (jnd a pimMar period of dullness. Last
week's transactions on the stock exchange fell
below .the correepondinE period of last year for
the first time during the present calendar year.
This iact end to-day's dullness, which was
cvt-n more marked, are striking evidences of the
r.neertainty which has overcome the specula
tion, due to The emergency of the Xorthern Pa
cific problem and the disclosure of the fact that
the actual terms of a settlement still remain
to be afrreed upon. , While the incumbency of
the conciliation board of directors or course af
fords a strons guarantee against the outbreak
of the quarrel again the members of that body
eeera to have practically tne whole task yet
before them of finding a plan which will be ac
ceptable as a final settlement to both parties
end relieve thi^ strained condition growing out
<if the load of securities carried for control now
by means of bank loans. Incoming foreign
mails disclose that the importance of this prob
lem if fully r^cgrnized throughout the financial
world and its state of Fuspenslon acts as a
repressive influence on speculation. The contin
«ic-<i uncertainty of the money market outlook
If «no:h»r doubtful factor. Money continues to
£3 to the South and the sub-treasury at New
"ork to remove the surplus in therevenue from
the circulation, while Sterling Exchange rose
p«ain to-day. As this rnarKs the process of th«^
remittance for payment of foreign borrowings.
It was not unnatural that the London money
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market" continues quiet and unchanged,
both here and in the East
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 8©
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; . sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches. 5@7%c; , Pears. 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
3%@5c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for
red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3tf@3%c for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5 1 ,4@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c; 50-60's, AV.@
4%c; 60-70' s. S%@4c; 70-SO's, 3}4@3%c; 80-90's 2%
©30; 90-100's. 2W@2%c per lb. /
-RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175; *-
crown, $1 60: London Layers— Three-crown
$1 20; Two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4%c; Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Mus
catels, "4Vic; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 7%c: prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. 6>4c;
choice seeded, 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7%c; No. 1 hardshell; 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c-
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 *0<R5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10@
llV4c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted,- 4@5c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc. per lb.
MONDAY. Oct. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES J3OND5.
Bid.Ask. • . bi,j Ask.
Is quar coup... 112 112% 4s qr c (new).l39 'l40
Is quar reg 112 112% Ss quar coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Pay C P C 5s.lC6%107 pceanlc SS 03. — 104%
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 129J1 —
P C Water Ss.lllViimi Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s.. — 131% Pk & C H 6S.109 —
Fer & C H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.. — — . Sac E G R 5s. 96 98%
Do 5s 99 — S X & SJV 5S.122U —
Los Ang R 5s. .117 11T% (Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.l01& — p P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (19C9 113%113U
Do gntd 5s. .101 103 (1910) ..... II41T—
L A & P 5s.... — 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m os.. — 123 (19C5). Ser A.107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27%128% (1905). Ser B 108 —
Do 1 c m os. 121% — (1906) 109 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2HU3% (1912) 119% _
N R of Cal 3s. 121 122 S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — c gntd 5s.... Ill 112
Do 5s — 10S S P Br Cal 6s.l34U —
Nor Cal R 5s. 112% — B V Water 6s. — 112
Oak Gas -os 111%— Do 4s 104U104*;
Oak Trans 6s.. 123^126 Do 4s 2d m.. - 103
Do 1st c os.. — 112% gtktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 103% — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 77% Port Costa.*.. . 63 63
Marln County. 58 — Spring Valley. SS 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. — 4U Pacific Light.. 41 _
Equitable 3% — Sacramento .
Mutual — bM S F G & E .«4i Ai.i.
Oakland 50 52 5an Francisco ifi _
Pac Gas Imp.. — 43% Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 75% 79. |L P & a 159 ign
California ....406 410 Mer Ex (lin) is
Cal Safe Dep.l0S% — S F Nationals Z
First Nationl.. 312% — • »"a»-«u -..;
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1SS5 — Sav & Loan — . oti
Humboldt — -* Security Sav"273 __
Mutual Sav... 60 — Union Trust "l70i)
S F Sav Un..525 — , *\u25a0" • ~
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — O S L & H in
Geary — 50 Presidio ../.'" 31 ~
Market 87 . 87 U " " ~
POWDER.
Giant ....79 80^ |*» ._ «wai,i
Hana — 5 IKllauea .... 11 *«
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell . " is m
Honokaa 11% mijOnomea Si £?
Hutchinson ... 17 — i Paauhau i*
MISCELLANEOUS. ~
Alaska Pack.. .141 141% Oceanic S Co — ie
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 f 98 Pac Aux Fa ifu
Cal Wine Asn. S9% 91 Pac C Borax 'iJ^* ~~
Uer Exchange.110 - Par Paint™?' $2 Z
\u25a0 Morning Session.
": ' • -- \u25a0 Board —
75 California Wine Association «i «
15 California Wine Associauin ." |$ £?
25 Contra Costa Water X: •*
155 Giant Powder Con... V * 5
15 Giant Powder Con.. i s "°
10 Giant Powder Con 7S ? r>
240 Honokaa Sugar Company J! 55
15 Hutchinson S P Co -" pnny 1150
100 Market Street Railway iiJ ? 7 ' 4
30 Market Street Rallwav '.2 2a
$2,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 B ,?2 22
250 Paauhau S P Co.. m 2S .
Street- - • , • :••»•••• 12 25
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co la.. 1M 50 J
Moses and Martha A. Ellis to Svend and
Mary J. Larsen, lot on N line of Union street.
176:07s W of Polk. W 23 by N 137:6: $10.
Squire V. Mooney to Carrie M. Mooney, lot
on XE corner of Broadway and Pierce street.
E 62:6 by N 137:6; gift.
Joseph, William, Edward. Mary, Rosle and
Annie O'Sullivan to James J. CSullivan. lot
on NW corner of Sacramento and Scott streets
N 27 :S^; by W 81:3; gift.
George E. Lawrence and Arianna Whitham,
(wife of J. H.) to Mary J. Turner, lot on N
line of Washington street, 31:3 E of Lyon E
50 by N 1C2:8>.;; $10.
Eugene N. Deuprey to Florence Louise Deu
prey. lot on NE corner of Clay and Laurel
streets, N 100 by E 57:6: $L
Marie V. and Barry Baldwin Jr., John R
Miles T.. Ruth and Dtfrid J. Baird to Balrd
Estate (corporation), same 7 pieces as in deed
to Marie V. Baldwin et al. (see sixth deed ia
abstract Xo. 3157, October 21. 1901); $10.
Eliza A. Handley (widow) to Mabel V. Goff.
lot on W line- of Treat avenue. 1S5 N of Twen
ty-second street. N 28 by W 122:6; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Carl
J. E. Haterius. lot on S line of Fifteenth
street. 95 W of Dolores, W 45 by S 71; $3.
Carl J. E. and Ollvea Haterius to Anna M.
Harvey, same; $10.
John H., Cellna D. and Charlotte B. Spring
to Henry G. Gerdes. lot on SW corner of Fif
teenth and Church streets. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Eliza A. Handley (widow) to Mabel V Goff
lot on W line of Florida street. 1S2 N of Twen
ty-third. N 52 by W 100; also, lot on NE line
of Fourteenth avenue. 75 E of M street. SE 50
by NE ICO. lot 10, block 267, South San Fran
cisco Homestead Association: gift.
Charles Krellng to Anna Krelin? lot oa TV
line of Treat avenue. 73:6 N of TwentyTixtb
street. N 24:6 by W 112:6; gift.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Kate and
Julia Clundt, lot on S line of Jersey street 85
E of Castro. E 23 by S 114; $1SCO. slreel « M
London and San Francisccr Bank Limited (by
attorney) to W infield S. and Edward L Keyes
NSTby E C e 87°6; F $?0 nt StrC^' M £ ° f CaIKorni^
• Estate of John H. Dall (by Elbridge Dur
brow executor) to Paraclete F. Bergerot (sin
gle) commencing 137:6 N of Pine street and 77:6
W of Stockton. N 2 by W 60- $1
Elizabeth Graves to William T. and Flora
h.. Albertson. lot on W line of Powell street
22:9 S of OTarrell. S 46 by W 137:6; all reai
property In California, quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of Alice L. Emstland (by F. A. Hihn.
executor) to Charles Franzoi. lot on SE corner
£f(udr ne ? an Jacks °n streets. S 53 by E 137:6;
Michael O'Brien to Hannah and Patrick J.
,^ te ;?' on N llne of G reen street. 160 W
of Hyde. W JO by N 60- gift
E. and Mary E. E. Therfot to MinnJ*
M. Morser. lot on E line o» Tenth avenue, 1T8
™ H . s V, ee V S 5 by E 120 = «<>•
Minnie M Morser (Liliie) to Joseph E Thert
strel°t! TsV^&V aVenUe ' 195 S ° f H
Tiin7^"";>, OllTn ? n T< (Uk1 John J - Ledwith to
Lirtwit^ £!*?• J nt *ZS£ ln estate ot Nicholas
Ledwith. deed No. 22S01: also lot on E line of
Nmth avenue, 230 S of H street. S 25 by E E»:
Builders' Contracts.
r«£i?S w Mason (owner* with Denke Brothers
(contractors and arehltects)-All work for a
two-story frame buildinsr and stable on N line
N lV"' $-W E ° f Stelner - E 27 by
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(owner) with J. A. McDonald (contractor)
architect Bryan J. Clinch-All work wept
concrete work and wainsoot of nave for church
with tower and sacristy on N line of Broad
vT>-' £° F *? f ">•"<£«» avenue. E twTby
tion" $:^r K> Rallroad Homestead Associa-
William F. Klein (owner) with WUHam H
Bagg« (contractor), architect Fred H. Meyer-
All work for a two-story frame building (1
KB^wV^i^^ street - 4 N °<
E. Rcmmel— Excavating a/id concrete work for
a two-story fram* factory buildinsr on SE line
SE*7o-V7 f 4 l r t ' : " SW ° f F ° Urth - SW 1C4 by
Timothy T. Kelly and wife (owners) with
Amos nann*nfj.lser ami William LemVer (con
tractom>. architect . All \u25a0s V ,rk for a two-
v^mS' e r M ? y ; Moo " <> y 'owner) with Cook &
AouriK (contractors), architect B. J s. Cahlli—
?££?££ excavating, brick, concrete, carpenter
nhHi« n» W °^' ch . lmne >^ Hashing, lathing.
fr«ml «*fJJ ? r °. Ofl v K work for a two-story
1,. 7. J . rent Hi 1 three-story frame In rear to
be used ftsa residence on NE corner of Broad
way and Pie™ street. E 25 b, N ICO; $3165.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 21 < -Clearings, $754.
624; balances. $117,620.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 21.— WHEAT— %@l%c higher;
blue stem, 55%.c; club, 55%c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— WHEAT— Steady, with
53®55%c still being paid for Walla Walla.
Cleared— Norwegian steamship Thyra, for
Hongkong and- way ports, with 26,508 barrels
of flour.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
: CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— Traders had expected a
bull day 5n wheat, partly on the rumor that
a line of short wheat would be covered for the
! account of a prominent "broker who died yes
1 terday. Liverpool cables were up to start with
, and December opened U@%c, advanced to 714s
<g'71%(&73%c. A little early covering even ad
vanced the price to 71%c, but a sharp decline
in cables set commission houses and prominent
professionals selling long lines, and the only
support left was a little scalping by pit trad
ers. There was more bullish" Argentine news,
but that had only a short-lived influence. A
considerable visible increase also depressed
prices and December sagged off 1 cent from
its top price for the day and closed weak,
%(ffi%c under Saturday's close, at 70%c.
Liquidation was the principal factor in the
corn pit following upon the depressing influ
ence of the sag in wheat, and December closed
weak, %<£%c lower, at 53%@55%c
There was an easier tone in oats. December
closed easy, %@%c lower, at 35%c.
Provisions were dull and fairly steady. A
6teady hog market lent an upward tendency at
the start, but a slow cash demand and weak
ness In grains dissipated any bull movement,
and January pork closed 2%c lower, lard oc
lower and ribs a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 69% 69% 69«4 69%
December 71% 71% 70% 70%
May ; 74% 74% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2—
October 64*4 54% 54 'i 54^
December v56'4 56% 65% 55%
May 58% 58% 58 ; 58%
Oats No. 2 —
October 34% 34% 34% 34%
December 35% 35% 35% 35%
May 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess pork, pe/ barrel —
January -. 15 12% 15 25 15 10 15 10
May ....15 17% 15 25 15 15 15 15
i Lard per 100 pounds-
October 9 25 9 35 9 30 9 30
November 9 25 9 25 8 20 9 20
January 9 02% 9 05 8 97% 8 97%
May ...9 07% 9 07% 9 C2% 9 02%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 8 40 8 40 8 35 8 35
January 7 85 7 87% 7 82% 7 82%
May ..7 95 7 97% 7 92% 7 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@69c; No. 2
red, 71V4©71%c; No. 2 yellow corn, E6'4c; No.
2 oats, 36»4®36%c; No. 2 white, 37%@3S%c; No.
3 white, 37%@38V4c; Xo. 2 rye, 55%@56%c; fair
to choice malting barley, 54@57c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 53; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 55; prime timothy
seed, $3 3o4i."> 63: mess pork, per barrel, $13 80
(§13 85; lard. 1 cr 100 pounds, $9 30*59 35; short
ribs sides <1< ote). $8 25iB8 45; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$S 8508 93: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....33,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels „. 176,000 17.000
Corn, bushels 219,000 107,000
Oats, bushels 311,000 S3.000
Rye. bushels 12.000 ......
Barley.-Jyishels 81,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was cteady; creameries, I4@21c; dair
ies, 13@19c. Cheese, 9%@l0»ic. Eggs, firm;
tresh, 18@lS%c. .
REAI, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MELONS— Nutmegs, <0@60c per box; Canta
loupes, 73c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Sweetwater, 25@30c per box and
crate; Tokay, 25@60c; Muscat, 20@60c; Black,
20<S60c: Isabella, 65@75c; Cornichon, 50@75c;
Wine Grapes, $27@32 per ton for Zinfandel and
$25@27 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 75c@$2 for com
mon. $3 25@3 75 for good to choice and $404 25
for fancy; new Navels, $4@4 50; Lemons, $1@1 25
for common and $2@3 for good to choice; Grap-
Fruit, $1 5004; Mexican Limes, $6@7;
Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $4@5
per dozen.
Peaches are hardly seen now, and will soon
be out. Apples, Pears and Plums are un
changed, y .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25(g65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 4O@60c per box.
PEACHES— Late Clings, $1 per.large box. Nd
other sorts came in. §
POMEGRANATES— 50<g>75c per small box.
PEARS— Winter Pears, 50c@$l 25 per box.
QUINCES — 10@60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 65c@$l per box.
-STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $ per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4i§5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $D 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS — 65@75c per box for black and for
white.
Scattering cars of new Oranges are coming
in. sellinc at unchanged quotations. Lemons
and Limes are as before. Pineapples are In
light supply and higher.
Melons are selling off better, owing to the hot
weather. Grapes are plentiful and somewhat
lower, as there is no shipping at the moment
and the local demand is not up to the quantity
on hand. : >\u25a0 \u25a0"
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was considerable activity In Market
Street Railroad In the afternoon, the stock
declining from $SS 75 to $S7 12%. Giant Powder
rose to $79. The su"gar stocks were firm. Hono
kaa selling up to $12 12% and Hutchinson to $17
The San Joaquin Oil Company has declared
a dividend of be, Dayable on the 25th
The following were ex-dividend yesterday-
Home Oil. 7%c; Spring Valley Water 4"c or
$58,800; Central Light and Power Company,
regular monthly, 4c per share, amounting to
$2S0O; Hutchinson Sugar Plantation, regular
mc-nthly, I2%c per share, amounting to $l*» 500-
California Powder Works, $1 per share- Cali
fornia Fruit Canners* Association, regular
monthly, 60c per share, amounting to $17,1
The morning session of the Bond Exchange
was active. Giant Powder continued to rise,
owing to the recent advance in powder already
mentioned, and touched $78 50. Honokaa was
also firmer, selling up to $11 50. Market Street
Railroad was weaker at $S9 50@89. There were
no other noteworthy changes. The oil stocks
were dull.
BUSINESS AGAIN ACTIVE ON THE STOCK
AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Chicago Grain Market.
LONDON, Oct. 21. —Consols, 93; silver,
26 9-16d; French rentes, lOOf 45c; cargoes on
passage, firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 28s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla,
2Ss; English country markets, part 6d dearer;
imports into United Kingdom, wheat, .319,000;
imports into United Kingdom, flour, 231.000;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom, 2,200,000; wheat and llour on passage to
Continent. l,5£0,000. . •
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 21.— French country mar
kets, firm; weather in England, overcast;
COTTON— Uplands, 4s 23-32d.
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— Cotton futures closed
easy, net 15@18 points lower.
J2.0OO Market Street Cable 6s 128 00
40 Onomea Sugar Co ' 24 50
$10,000 S F & S J V Bonds 123 0»
$5,000 SprinS Valley 4s (3d mortgage) .. .103 75
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 1C6 50
10 Giant Powder Con 79 00
10 Hana Plantation Co 4 75
10 Honokaa Sugar Co 12 12%
90 Honokaa Sugar Co ™ 12 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co IS 50
35 Hutchinson S P Co 16 73
115 Hutchinson S P Co 17 00
25 Market Street Railway 83 73
30 Market Street Railway 88 50
20 Market Street Railway 88 23
75 Market Street Railway 83 00
100 Market Street Railway 87 50
60 Market Street Railway 87 25
60 Market Street Railway 87 12'i
t5 Paauhau S P Co 12 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
$5,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 25
55 Spring Valley Water 89 00
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage).. 104 50
Street—
$2,000 Los Angeles Railway os .#...117 50
$10,000 S F & S J V Bonds 123 0>>
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1903) 113 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
9 Hanford 110 CO
2C00Lion. s 60 07
10C0 Monarch of Arizona .'...... 23
500 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 24
1C00 Oil City Petroleum 25
50(J'Oil City Petroleum, b 30 .-*. 25
200 Peerless, b 90 5 37%
100 Reed Crude S3
500 Sovereign 17
12 Twenty-eight 1 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Home 3 30
2C0 Home, s 30.. 130
1500 Lion , 07
1000 Mjparch of Arizona, b 60 24
20 P*rless 5 12%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belch. 10| 400 Ophir SO
2C0 Chollar 08 1000 Overman 04
100 Con Cal & Va 1 SJ 200 Potosi u7
400 Mexican 21 230 Seg Belcher... 0:s
400 Mexican 22 100 Sierra Nev IS
300 Ophir 8d 200 Union Con IS
600 Ophir 83 300 Yellow Jacket IS
Afternoon Session.
SCO Best & Belch. 13 400 Ophir S3
300 Chollar GS 700 Savage 12
200 Gould & Curry 13 100 Yellow Jacket IS
1300 Mexican 2i 500 Yellow Jacket 19
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
• 400 Best & Belch. 17 1700 Mexican 21
300 Con Cal & Va 1 85 2C0 Mexican 23
500 Gould & Curry IS 50 Ophir 82
500 Gould & Curry 14 600 Ophir 83
500 Mexican la 200 Sierra Nevada IS
20 Mexican 20 500 Union Con ... 17
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes Otij 300 Hal© & Nor.. 17
200 Belcher V J 300 Mexican 23
300 Best & Belch, x- 300 Mexican Ct
1000 Chollar OS 100 Ophir 8.J
150 Con Cal & V.I 87V. 100 Ophir S»
600 Gould & Curry 1. 200 Sierra Nev.... Is
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
* MONDAY. October 2L— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 03 04
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — 02
Andes 03 06 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belcher IS 13 Occidental 04 05
Bullion — OliOphir 88 89
Caledonia 32 33 Overman 03 0G
Challenge Con. 17 19 Potosi 07 09
Chollar 07 OS Savage U 12
Confidence 72 75 Scorpion — (a
Con Cal & Va.l SO 1 So Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial.. — 01, Sierra Nevada. IS 13
Con New York 01 —Silver Hill 32 33
Crown Point... 07 OS St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con 14 — Standard 3 80 —
Exchequer — 01: Syndicate — 0T
Gould & Curry 14 13 Union Con IT is
Hale & Nor.... IS 17! Utah 33 03
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket. 13 19
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, October 19, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, Is: Wheat,
39,333,000 bushels; Increase, 1.1S5.000. Corn,
13,449,000 bushels; increase, 35,500. Oats, 8,044,
000 bushels; increase, 275,000. Rye, 1,865,000
bushels; increase, 77,000. Barley, 2.5S6.000 bush
els; increase, 550,000.
Visible Grain Supply.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%@28c per lb for
fancy and 25@27c for seconds; dairy, 18(g25c;
store Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
22%c; Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New. ll%@12c; old, 10%c: Young
America, 12%@13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch. 3S@40c for selected large, 35
@37Jic for good to choice and 32%@34c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern, 18@24c.
Receipts were 12,500 pounds of Eutter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 380 cases of Eggs,
785 cases Eastern Eggs, 3000 pounds of Califor
nia Cheese and 3C40 lbs Eastern Cheese.
' The Cheese market is well supplied.
There is no change in the situation in Eggs.
Stocks are ample for . all needs and the mar
ket is slow uni easy, with no attempt- to get
any higher prices.
Butter was a shade tower yesterday, and the
market was oversupplied and dragging. A boat
came in from the northern coast with a liberal
supply, and another falls due to-day. Holders
are making concessions to buyers to keep their
stocks down. - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ,.:
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
XEW YORK, Oct. 21.— There was -nothing
doing in -the local metal market for tin to-day,
which closed very dull in tone, with sellers at
?25. " At London values advanced 10s to £113 10a
lor spot and £107 for futures.
Copper in London declined 2s 6d and closed
weak at £63 15s and Tutures at £62 10s. Lo
cally the market was quiet and unchanged at
$16 85(f 17 for Lake Superior and $16 S5@17 for
casting.
Lead was dull but 3s 9d higher in London
at £11 11s 3d, while the local market was
unchanged at $4 37%.
Spelter was without change and dull at $4 20
@4 25. Values In London declined 2s 6d to £17.
Domestic iron markets ' were featureless and
unchanged. Pigiron warrants, $9 50@10 50; No.
1 foundry. Northern, $15@16: No. 2 foundry.
Southern, $14@15; Xo. 1 foundry. Southern,
$14 50@15 50; Xo. 1 foundry. Southern soft,
$14 50@16. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s 3d
and Middlesboro at 45s. •
NrM York Metal 'Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150
>@175; Goslings, $1 50@2; Ducks, J3@3 50 for
old and $3 50@5 for young; Hens, \u25a0 $3 50@5 50;
young Roosters, $3 50@4; old Roosters, $3 50@4;
Fryers, $3 25@3 50; Broilers, $3 25@>3 50 for large
and $3@3 25 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1@1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, J6@7; Canvasback, $4@fi; Sprig, $2 50®
3; Teal, $1 50@2; Widgeon, $1 50@2; Small
Ducks. $1 25@1 50; Black Jacks, ; English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, {3 50
@4; White Geese, ?1 50 per dozen.
The operation of the new game law has re
sulted in the retailers receiving Ducks on con
signment from the hunters, which has a ten
dency to weaken the market. Yesterday's re
ceipts were 65 sacks, mostly in good condition.
Poultry was unchanged. Two cars of Eastern
came in and two more are expected to-day, so
there will be no shortage, for two or three days
at least.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Trading in the market
for evaporated apples was moderately active,
with the feeling generally steady at unchanged
prices. State, common to good, 6@Sc; prime,
8%c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9V4@9%c.
California dried fruits were inactive, but
steady.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark. 8@12c.
. PEACHES— Peeled, H@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, "| Oct. 21.-FLOUR-Receipts,
35,459 barrels; exports. 25,440 barrels; weak, but
not quotably lower.
"WHEAT— Receipts, 82,650 bushels; exports,
262,593 bushels; spot, weak. No 2 red. 7$>4c
f. o. b., afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No 1
northern Duluth, 77%c; No. 1 hard, S2VsC t. o. b.,
afloat. Options had an early advance on bullish
Argentine crop news, and a subsequent break
upon reports that rains there had broken the
drought. Closed weak and %c net lower. May
79 l-16@80c. closed 79'ic; October closed 75c;
December closed 76%c.
HOPS— Steady.
Hides — Steady.
AVOOL — Steady
SUGAR— Kaw, strong; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal (96. test), 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 l-16c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, strong. No. 7 invoice, 7c;
mild, steady; Cordova. 7'£@llc.
Great excitement prevailed at the Coffee Ex
change. Prices were decidedly higher and
business was enormously active'. , The opening
was officially described as steady in tone at
an advance of 20@35 points on general buying,
while the selling was scattered and chiefly by
parties who were satisfied with their profits.
The principal factors indicating this upward
movement was the further news from Brazil
indicating a crop shortage, with some reports
having it that the total Santos crop was a
failure. European markets were also excited
and decidedly higher, as Havre closed S francs
net higher and Hamburg 2@2}£ pfgs above
Saturday's close. Locally everybody bought,
led by the "metal clique." Wall street and
prominent spot houses. Sales on the Initial
call -were 26,250 bags and the total for the day
was 157,000 bags, which represented one of the
largest day's business in years and included
October at $6 30; November, $6 20@6 40; Decem
ber. $6 30@6 35; January, $6 40@G 60; February,
$6 55@6 65; March, $6 60@6 85; May, J6 S0<f?7;
June. $7@7 10; July, $7@7 15; August. $7 20; Sep
tember, $7 15@7 35. The market was finally
steady In tone, with a net advance of 35 to 40
points.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6900 packages; firm.
State dairy, 14@21c;~ creamery, 15@22%c; June
creamery, 17%@21%e; factory. 12V&@15c.
EGGS — Receipts, 7846 packages; steady. West
ern candled, 21%c; Western uncandled, 16@21c.
New York Grain and Produce. {
WASHINGTON, Oct. zl.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance. $168,114,997; gold, S99.200.614. • •
Condition of the Treasury.
market should respond with a decline in rates.
Money-market pressure at Paris and Berlin
continues and the ultimate future of those
markets when the heavy yearly requirements
come to be met is a question still to be solved.
New York banks to-day had the benefit of pay
ments from the sub-treasury of almost ?2,000,
000 on account of Australian and Klondike gold.
Movements of special stocks to-day call for lit
tle specification. There was some early
strength led by the Pacifies, but the general
tendency vras downward. Amalgamated Cop
per lost practically all of Saturday's gain. .•
Railroad bends were very dull and about
steady. Total sales, $2,2S0,000.
United States refunding 2s declined % per
cent on the last call.
NEW XORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 3,600 78Vi 77% 77»g
Atchieon pfd 100 97 97 97^
Baltimore & Ohio 1,200 103% 102% 102Vi
Baltimore & Ohio pfd - 93>4
Canadian Pacific 300 110>A 110 109%
Canada Southern 100 82% 82% 81%
! Chesapeake & Ohio 200 45V» 45% 45
; Chicago & Alton 700 37 36% 36%
I Chicago & Alton pfd ... 400 7V£ 77% 77Vi
Chicago Ind & Louis 40%
! Chicago Ind & L pfd 71%
; Chicago & Eastern 111 \u25a0 124
Chi & Grea,t Western .. 2,400 23% 23% 23%
Chi & Great W A pfd 85Vi
Chi & Great W B pfd 44"
Chicago & Xorthwest .. 1.700 203 201 202
Chi Rock Isl & Pac 500 141% 141 141%
Chicago Terminal & T.. 100 20 20 20
, Chi Terra & T pfd 200 ' 37 37 37
C C C & St Louis 300 97% 97U 96%
Colorado Southern 400 13% 13V* 13%
Col Southern 1st pfd 100 53% 53% 53%
Col Southern 2d pfd ... 100 23% 23% 23%
Delaware & Hudson ... 100 168 168 167
Del Lack & \V 100 227 227 226%
Denver & Rio Grande .. 100 44 44 44
Denver & Rio G pfd 90%
Erie 5,600 41V4, 40% 40%
Erie 1st .pfd 400 69% 69 69
Erie 2d pfd 100 55% 55% 55
Great Northern pfd 900 194% 193 194
Hocking Valley 200 54 54 53
Hocking Valley pfd ' 74%
Illinois Central ,. 800 146% 146% 146
Iowa Central 100 41% 41% 41
Iowa Central pfd 78
Lake Erie- & Western 67
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 125
Louis & Xashville -. 1,300 103% 103 102%
Manhattan L ...... '.. 600 120% 119% 119%
Metropolitan St Ry 3,000 15S% 157% 157>i
Mexican Central 300 22y. 22% 22ii
Mexican National ..;... 300 14* 14 13%
Minneapolis &• St L 1,700 110T4 109% 109%
Missouri Pacific 1,600 95% 93% 94
Missouri Kan. & Tex '. 100 25 25 25%
Missouri Kan & T pfd.. 1,100 50% 50 49%
New Jersey Central .... . 16314
New York Central / 600 157 156% 156%
Norfolk 6z Westexn ....• 3,600 : 56 T i 55% 55%
Norfolk & Western pfd.. as%
Northern Pacific pfd.... 10-. 700 106% 104 104%
Ontario & Western 500 33Vi 33 33
Pennsylvania./ 1.300 147%' 146% 146%
Reading 1,800 '40%. 40% 40%
Reading let pfd ' : 7534
Reading 2d; pfd i,600 52% 51% 51%
St L & San Fran 500 41% 40% 40%
St L & S F 1st pfd.... ' 100 77 77 76%
St L &• S F 2d pfd .... 200 66% 66% 66%
fct Louis Southwestern'. 200 "27 27- 27
St L Sbuthw pfd 1,400 56% 56 55%
f 1 g au j •-•-. 11,700 165% 164% 165
1 f^ ul p £ d •••— 10 ° 188 %' 18sl i 1"
Southern Pacific 30,100 \u25a0 60% 59% 59%
Southern Railway 3.000 32% 32% 32%
Texas & Pacific 1,400 38% £8% 38
Toledo St L & West 100 20% 20U 20 1 ,'
Tol St Louis & W pfd. 300 35 34% 34%
Union Pacific 32,300 100% 99% 9oi
k ni °n Pacific pfd 400 83% 88 88
u abash i,x) 20% 20% 19 T 4
\\abash Dfd 600 36% 36 36
Wheeling & Lake EriP.. 100 11% 17% 1754
\\isco:it.in Central 900 20% 20% 20 '
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 300 40% 40% 40
Express Companies— .
Adams - ign
American \ 1S8
£" i , t , ed states 100 92" 92" 88
Wells Fargo icn
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper... 55,500 92% S9U 89%
Am Car & Foundry 300 25% 25 25
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 600 81 80% 80%
American Linseed Oil 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd "" 45
Am.Sn.eltine & Ref 200 43% 4*3%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd.... 200 97% 97% 97
Anaconda Mining Co... 2,200 36% 35% S5%
Brooklyn Ra D id Transit 4,000 61 60% 60%
Colo Fuel & Iron 300 S'% 9» si
Consolidated Gas .„ 217
Cont Tcbacco pfd 300 116 115% 115%
General Electric 300 256% 256 ->56
Glucose Suear :.. 1.300 41% 41 41
Hocking Coal 300 ifi 16 15%
International Paper 8.400 21% 20% 20%
International Pacer pfd 900 77% 76% 76%
International Power.... 100 89% 89% ?8%
Laclede Gas , gj
National Biscuit 500 42 " 4i% 41%
N^!o°nai £au d .::.\\v.y.:: .I- 500 ! 9 18 * if*
NHtior.al Salt pfd 106 64 64 ' 64
North American 1,00(1 97 96 95
Pacific Coast 100 62% 62% 62
Pacific Mail 1.700 45% 44% 44%
Peoples Gas 1,700 10S 106% 106%
Pressed Steel Car 400 41 40% 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 600 82% 81% - $2
I Pullman Palace Car 500 220 219 '18
Republic Steel 1 1,700 15% 15 : 15
Republic Steel pfd 400 65% 65% 65%
£ u £ar 7,700 120% 119% 119%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 600 60% 59% 59T4
Union Bag & Paper Co 100 15 15 14%
Union Bag & P Co pfd .. 70
United States Leather.. 1,600 12% 1'%. 12%
U S Leather pfd 500 81% Slfc 81
United States Rubber 151'
U S Rubber pfd " 50
United States Steel 5,200 43% 42% 42%
United States Steel pfd. 4,500 92% 92% 92%
Western Union 600' 91% 91% 91%
Total sales 296.400
CLOSING BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg 108%|L & N Uni 4s 101%
h S ref 2s coup... 108%! Mexican Cent 4s... 83%
h S ?s reg 107% Mex Cent 1st inc.. 30%
L S 3s coup... 108% Minn & St L-4s....lO3%
Ij S new 4s reg. ..138 M K & T 4s 99
U S new 4s coup. .139 M K & T 2ds 80
U S old 4s reg 112 jN Y Central lsts.,105%
L S old 4s coup. ..112 |N Y Cent gen 3%s.lO3V.
L S os reg 106%|N J Cent gen 5s.. .130%
U S 53 coup 107% IN Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison jren 4s.... 107% North Pac 3s 72%
Atchison edj 4s... 97% X & W con 4s 102>i
Bait & Ohio 4s. ...102 Readlne Gen 4s... 96%
Bait & Ohio 3%s.. 96% St LAIJ1 con 5s.ll5%
B & O conv 4s 106 ijst L S F 4s 95
Canada So 2ds 108% St L Swestrn lsts. 98%
'Cent of Ga 5s 107% Bt L Swestrn 2ds.. 78%
Cent of Ga 1st inc. 71%'S A & A P 4s 86%
Ches Ohio 4%s 107*4 So Pacific 4s 92%
Chgo & Alton 3%s. 85%'so Railway 5s .119H
C B & Q new 4s.. 98 [Tex & Pac lsts.. ..119%
C M & S P gen 4s. 110% T S L & W 4s 81%
C & XW con 7s... 139% Union Pacific 4s. ..105%
C R I & Pac 4s.. ..106% Union Pac con 48.107%
C C C &SLgen4s.lO3 Wabash lsta 119%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 93 Wabash 2ds .,-. HO
Colo & So 4s SS% Wabash deb. B...'.!. 6*
2 , & R . G ?. s 103 ,, West Shore 4s "3%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98% W & L E 4s 90%
Brie gen 4s..-..-....:. 87% Wis Cent 4s. :V..:.. 88%
F W & D C lsts. .107% Con Tobacco 4s.... 65 "
Hocking Val 4%s..lO6% • •\u25a0
( MINING STOCK!?, i .
Adams Con ... 18 j Little CWef ...-\u25a0 13
Alice ......: 40 Ontario ..;... ..1050
Breecet.... 1 -40 Ophir :........ 75
Brunswick Con..... H Phoenix OS
Coir.stock Tunnel. 1 . Ofi Potosl f.5
Con Cal & Va.:... 1 70 Savage "" os
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada . . ' 14
Horn Silver.. 1 80 Small Hopes 40
T Iro ", ?;, !ve !r, w standard 3 So
Leadville Con...... 05! \u25a0 •••*\u25a0»
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS."
M . oney ~~ -j^i- .Unicn Pacific 99U
Call loans 3®4 West End 93
Time loans 4@S Westlnghse Elec.'!.' 71
Stocks— Bonds— . « '
;Atch T & Sta Fe. 77% N E Gas & C 5s...; 54
Do prefd 96% Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 113% Adventure : 24%
Amer Telephone... 159% Blngham 30U
Boston Elevated.. .16634 Amalg Copper. S1U
Boston & Maine. ...1?4 (Atlantic 3514
Dried. Fruit in\N*w York.
Latest mail advices from New York say.
"•General conditions in dried fruits are quiet
«nd trade on spot is without particular feature.
There were, no | further developments in new
«lcmeEtic raisins yesterday. Some outside pack
ers continue to quote 6c 'and 6Vic, f. o. b.,
coast, ior choice and fancy new seeded. The
(general expectation is that prices on associa
tion seeded will be made on the coast to-day
and it was Intimated by local representatives
of packers that they will be lower than any
•yet narne4. Seeded on spot continue firm and
'in cood demand. New Valencia layers are
moving a little more freely at 7g7Vic_ De
xn&nd for Bultar.as also is • picking up some
irhAt. Old Sultanas are selling more freely
«t the last reduction.' S^^lO^c for 2, 3 and 4
«rown. There is little call for new Malaga
\u25a0'layers and clusters as yet. •
"Currants- are •rather quiet; but steady at
5Vc for Amalias. Figs are selling slowly from
€filic for layers and 4V;€ > 6c for bags. Old
-Halk.Yvi dates are quoted at 2Tfec, with a better
Inquiry. New dates, first tide via London, are
i offered from SvsgS^c for Hallowi. 3%'S'SUc tor
and 2;iS?3c for Salrs.
•"New Santa Clara prunes, large sizes mostly,
«r« GSered at a 3c basis and it is understood
ft number of cars have sold at that figure.
Spot demand for prunes is light. Apricots,
peachee and other California fruits are quiet
And unch«nsred.
"Brazil nuts are very firm at the last ad
vance and stocks are light. Filberts are easier
cis t!ie other side, the market in Sicily being
equivalent to about Hi: laid down here. The
\u25bapot market is nominally S^c. but \ic less prob
ebly would buy. Shelled nuts are in quite good
«Jemand. Valencias and Alicantes are prac
'•tically cleaned up at .the moment, but further
Supplies are due before the end of the week."
f. Weather Report.
: \ ' (120th Meridlan^Padflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 21-5 p. m.
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Bate, as compared- with those of same date last
Reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations. 34 hrs. season, season.
Eureka. ,' 00 4.31 4.96
Ked Bluff 00 1.93 3.05
Cacraniento .00 0.55 1.03
6an Francisco 00 0.82 1.43
Fresno 00 0.57 0.44
Independence 00 0.77 0.84
Pan Luis Obispo 00 0.28 1.93
I>3S Angeles 00 0.12 0.26
£an Diego 00 0.06 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£2; minimum. 55; mean, 6S.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 56-3S; Cincinnati. 74-44; Washington,
tI-44; Jacksonville, 76-60; New York, 54-41; '
•Kansas City. 7C-56; Omaha, 74-48; Duluth, 70-44;
Salt Lake City. 68-46; Chicago. 54-46; St. Louis,
70-50; Philadelphia, 60-50.
THE COAST RECORD.
i tm n if a
STATION. 5 ?3?3 E~ "£ = '&\u25a0'-'•
£. : c • c • o r^ ~
a • g". 3 : 3 2 B
% : • : : : 3
"Astoria 30.10 70 54 NE Clear .CO
Baker 30.24 74 43 W Clear .(vj
Carson 30.16 74 36 NE Clear .03
Eureka 30. 06 62 50 NW Clear .00
Fresno 2S.S8 86 54 W Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.24 58 46 XE Rain .OS
Pocatello. Idaho.. .30. 28 70 38 W Clear .00
Independence 30.02 78 52 W Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.88 8S 50 W Clear .\u25a0/>
Phoenix 29.94 S6'58 SE Clear .00
Portland 30.08 72 54 W Clear (w
Red Bluff 29.96 90 56 E Clear .00
Roseburg 30.06 74 48 NW Clear .<)<)
Sacramento 29.36 84 52 W Clear .00
6alt Lake 30.22 68 46 NW Clear .00
San Francisco 29.SS 82 56 W Clear .00
San Luis Obispo... 29. 94 96 62 X Clear 00
San Diego 29. S6 S6 62 E Clear .00
f cattle 30.16 74 54 NW Clear .00
pokane 30. 2« 72 48 NE Clear (k)
Neah Bay 3D. 16 58 54 E Cloudy .01
."Walla Walla 30.22 76 52 SW Clear .(fi
.JVyinnemucca 30.14 72 ?4 XE Clear .00
Yuma 29.88 90 68 E Pt Cldy .03
Temperature at 7 a. m., 56.
Leather conditions and general
forecast.
The pressure continues high over the greater
portion of the country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. Over Southern California there has been
a sharp fall. Unusually warm weather pre
\-alls along: the coast from San Francisco to
Ban Diego. The following maximum tempera
tures are reported: Los Angeles. 98; San Diego
96; San Luis Obispo, 96; San Francisco, 81.8.
Rain is falling in northern Arizona, and con
ditions are favorable for local storms with high
northerly winds generally through the vallej'
Of the Colorado.
The weather continues excellent for raisin
making in the great valleys.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 22, 1901:
i Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with in
creasing cloudiness at night; cooler along the
coast, with fog; light northeast winds, chang
ing to westerly.
Southern California— Fair and warm in the
morning: cloudy and cooler in the afternoon
and night; probably showers in the mountains;
light easterly winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; continued warm;
light north winds.
• San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
cloudy: cooler at night; light northerly winds
changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, \ir. less than Calcuttas: Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Hags. 5%9
6%c- for cotton and 7@7%c for Juta. -
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. J3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallscnd, $9; Co-operative Wallsend.
$9; Cumberland. $12 60 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Esg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke. *15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according; t->
brand. . .
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c;. cases, 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
in barrels. 70c; cases, i5c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels. 37Hc; cases. 42Hc: Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 5SHc for
Australian. \u25a0 i
COAL OIL-,Water White Coal OU. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astra'., 20c; Star
20c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene. 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases,
2<H4c: S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases.
26%c.
TURPENTINE— 5S%c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Suear Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags-.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c; Pow
dered. 4.75c: Candy Oranulated. 4.75c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65c; Confectioners" A. 4.65c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only). 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C. 4.15c:
Golden C. 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels. 10c more:
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50- lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for Ies3 than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels, 5.13c: boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Union Fish Co. re
ports the arrival of 195,000 new fish
Receipts of Produce.
, FOR MONDAY. October 21.
Flour, qr sks......l5,788 Hay, tons 1,230
Wheat, ctls 11,703 Hops, bales 64
Barley, ctls .......19,610 Wool sks 58
Oats, ctls .... 5.310 Mustard, sks 489
Corn, ctls 230 Shorts, sks 255
Rye, ctls 460 Raisins, bxs 1,750
Tallow, ctls 542 Wine, gals 54,350
Sugar, sks 4,845 Leather, rolls 81
Beans, sks 7,874 Quicksilver, flsks. 50
Potatoes, sks 6,310 Lime, bbls 546
Onions, sks 208-Pelts, bdls JV)
Bran, sks 4,150 Hides, No. 283
Middlings, sks ... 595
OREGON.
Oats, ctls l,610|
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks S,22SiBran, sks 500
General Merchandise.
POTATOES — 50@75c in sacks for.Burbahks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks. Jl@t 30;
River ' Reds, $1 45@1 60; Sweets, 37%@45c for
Rivers and £5c for Merced. \u25a0 ! "
ONIONS— $1 10@l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
60@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Gar
den; String Beans, 1%@2%c; Llmas, l@l%c;
Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Ala
meda, 2C@35c; Dried Peppers, 10@12#c; Green
Okra, 50@60c per box; Carrots, 25(i?35c per sack;
Cucumbers. 25@40c; .Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for
small and lei^c for large; Garlic, 2@2V4c:
Green Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chile and
40@p5c for Bell; Egg Plant, 30@40c per box;
Green Corn, Alameda, $1 per. crate; Berkeley,
50@65c; Summer Squash. 40@60c; Marrowfat
Squash, $6@8 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $20.
Vegetables were about 10c per box. lower as
a rule. Tomatoes came in soft and leaking
and were out of; favor. Beans plentiful
and dull at a further decline. ' - . •
Receipts of Potatoes were 7270 sacks. The
market was easy at previous prices. Three' cars
of Merced Sweets came in. There was no change
In Onions.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' All descriptions under this head are as be
fore.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%@8%c; small, S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes, t@6ftc per
pound. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 Ib3. 5%@5%c; feeders. ; sows. 20 per
cent off; boars. 30 per cent off. and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9c. \u25a0 .
San Francisco Meat Market.
LONDON, Oct 21.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison.
80%; do preferred, 9DU: Canadian Pacific. 113K>;
D:;nver and Rio Grande, 44%; do preferred
94%; Northern Pacific preferred, 10"V>; South
ern Pacific. 61%; Union Pacific, 102%; do pre
ferred, 90%. Bar silver, dull, 26 9-16d per
ounce. Money, l@lVi per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was exceptionally idle to
day. Fears of gold exports are reviving.
Rio Tintos rose 1% to 47s; sVnacondas 5-16
to 7. 7-16s, with . Amalgamated Copper and
American stocks utterly stagnant. The price
of gold bars has been reduced a farthing to
77s llif-d. although Austria is still inquiring
for the metal. \
London Market.
Beans continue dull and . quotations remain
about the same. A ; press- dispatch from Santa
Maria says: "The season for white beans Is
getting well \u25a0 advanced and J despite the fact
that over 50G0 sacks are being threshed on an
average each day by the seven machines in op
eration. It will be seven weeks yet before the
harvest can be completed. The unusually heavy
fogs are delaying the progress of the threshers
greatly this season." -
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 50; Small White. *3 40
@3 50; Large - White, $2 25@2 50; Pea, $3<g4;
Pink. $2 25@2 50; Red, $ ; Blackeye, $3 25®
3 60; Llmas, $4 50@4 So; Red Kidney. $3 75 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3' 35@3 50; Flax. $2 6o@3 25; Canary,
3Vi@3'/>c \u25a0 for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Kapt,
1Vj.@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. *
DRJED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $175
@2 per ctl. ; ,
Beans and Seeds.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 21.— The following prices
were realized by the Earl Fruit Company at
their sale of California fruit. at auction: Grapes
—Morocco, single crates, 70c® $1 50, average 93c;
Muscat, single crates, average 75c* Tokay, sin
gle crates, 75c@?l 55, average S3c. \u25a0 Weather fa
vorable, i
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day: Grapes— Tokays, single crates, 70c@
$1 65, average $1 07; clusters, single crates, 85c
<g$l 50, average $1 27; Cornichons, single crates,
75c@$l 25, average $1 16. Prunes — Italian, sin
gle crates, $1 35@1 45, average . $1 38. Eleven
cars sold to-day. Weather dry and cool.
BOSTON. Oct. 21.— The following prices were
realized here to-day by the Earl Fruit Com
pany at their auction sale of California fruit:
Grapes — Tokay, single crates, ?1 40@l 85, aver
age $163; do clusters, single crates, $190®
2 .20, average $2 03. One car sold to-day. Dry
and favorable weather prevailed.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 21.— The Earl Fruit
Company at their auction sale of California
•fruit here to-day realized prices as follows:
Grapes — Assorted, single crates, average $1 35;
Tokay, single crates, $1@1 80, average $1 3a; do
clusters, single crates, $1 70@l 85, average $1 82;
Tokay, double crates, $2 10&3 50, average $2 44.
Two cars sold here to-day. Dry and favorable
weather prevailed.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes — Cornl
chons, single crates, $1 10@l 75, average $146;
Tokays, single crates, 75c®$l 75, average $1 25;
clusters, single crates, $1 55@1 70, . average
$1 69; double crates, $2 50@3 35, average $2 89;
Emperors, single crates, 95c@$l 05, average 97c;
Morocco, single crates, 95c@$l 45, average ' $1 38.
Pears— Kief ers, boxes, $1 30@l 35, average $1 34;
half boxes, average 70c; Vicars, boxes, average
$175. Prunes— Italians, S0@$l, \u25a0 average 90c;
Hungarians, single crates, - $1@1 05, average
$1 03; Silvers, average S5c. Seven cars sold to
day; weather dry and cool.
Porter Bros. Company sold California fruits
to-day: Grapes— Muscats, $2 25@2 60, average
$2 35; Tokays, $1 2o@l 75, average $1 45; double
crates, $3 10@3 75, average $3 60; clusters, $2 15;
Cornichons, $1 S5@l 95, average $1 93; double
crates, $4; assorted, $2 05. Seven cars sold to
day.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Porter Bros. Com
>pany sold California fruits to-day as follows:
Moroccos, 85c@$2 45, average $2 06; Muscats, $1
@2 85, average $1 94; Cornichons, $2 05; double
crates, $3 65; assorted, 90c@$l 40, average $105;
E. Buerre, $1 15; P. Barrys, $3 05; W. Nellis,
half-boxes, $1 30; Quinces, $175; Tokays, 85c@
$1 75, average $1 43; double crates, $2 60@3 55,
average $3 la; clusters, $1 75. Kleven cars sold
to-day.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2L-Money on call closed
steady at 3@3i,4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent;
prime mercantile paper,/ 4V£@5 per cent; ster
ling exchange was strong, witli actual busi
ness in bankers 1 bills at $4 86% for demand and
* I .PI slxtv '<5ays; posted rates, ?4 S4&@4 85
and $4 8<; commercial bills, $4 83%® 4 83%; bar
silver, 5<%c; Mexican dollars, , 45Vie; bonds-
Government, weak; State, loactlve. railroad,
steady. --
Nczv York Money Market.
California Fruit Sales.
Silver lozver. Sterling Exchange zveak.
Wheat futures easier. Shipping Wheat unchanged.
Barley steady, Oats firm and Rye dull.*
Corn quiet, easy and nominal here and lower at Chicago.
Hay jumped .a -dollar in the face of heavy receipts.
Middlings in larger supply and lower. Bran zvcak.
Bccuis. ajid Seeds as previously quoted.
Butter; in increasing supply and weaker.
Eggs easy, but no lozver. Cheese unchanged. .
Dried Fruit dull, here and in the East.
Provisions continue to ease off here and at Chicago.
Hides Unit and active, with moderate stocks.
Meat market as previously quoted. \u25a0: . • .
Grapes lozver and Melons higher. . . \u25a0 .
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Vegetables lower.
Two cars', of Eastern Poultry in and two due.
Game being sJiippcd in direct to retailers. .
Brisk. "business on the local Stock and Bond Exch'angc.
D °rntnioiv Coal 45H Calumet & Hecla..675
tt o <E , d \u2666•••H7U Centennial 19%
U S Steel. 4 2% Franklin 17%
piVhk d •• p2 ' /4 Ost> eola lOOVfc
Fitehburg prefd...M44 parrot 3S
General Electric. .255% Quincy 155
Ed Elec 111..*. 240 iTamarack 290
Mexican Central... 21%lutah Mining 23
ni^ r? as ,^ Coke " "HiWinona. 2V4
Old Dominion 27 I Wolverines 60
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
In spite of receipts of 1230 tons, Including
60 cars on the tracks, Hay jumped a dollar per.
ton on the choicer grades yesterday. The de
mand has been sharp for some time. Dealers
continue to complain of the shortage in cars.
Middlings are lower under larger receipts.
Bran is weak at previous prices.
BRAN— $20@20 JO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing.
.$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal.
$34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@35; Mixed Feed.
$1S@19.
HAT— Wheat, $9@12; Choice, $12 50; Wheat
and Oat, $8 50@ll 50; Oat, $S@10; 'Barley and
Oat. $7@9; Alfalfa, ?S@10 50; Clovar. $5 50@y;
Volunteer, $5@8: Stock, $5@7 per ton. !
STRAW— 30@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dealers are quoting a firm and active mar
ket for Hides, with moderate stocks. Otber
descriptions remain as before.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers lie: medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
»4c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf. 10®
10V&; E*y Hides. 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry Kip.
16?; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands toe.
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,
40@6uc each; medium, 50@75c: long WopL_ 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. »50<a2 ia -for
large and-$2@2 25 for medium. -$1 .» for small
and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. » 7a for
large $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 2o for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins-Summer erred
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras.
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 3oc
TALLOW— Refined, 6tfc; No. 1 rendered. 50
5%c per lb; No. 2, 4@4V£c: grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive. 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine. 14@
15c; do. medium and coarse. ll@13c: Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9@
lie, Nevada, 10@12c. • _
Fall-San Joaquln. 6%@8%c: San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective. 8@9c:
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@14c per lb for
good to choice.
Hides, -Tallow, Wool and Hops.
l2V4c; 10-lb tins. 12*c: 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb tins.
\u25a0 13 CQTTOLENE- One half-barrel. 10*»c: three
taJ25SSTw4ei one tierce. 10*c; two tierce,.
10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
. ST. JOSEPH, Oct. 21 —CATTLE— Receipts,
4000. Market active. Texas steers, steady; na
tives, '$3 90@6 40; Texans- and Westerns, $2 20®
o 90; cows and heifers $1 50<g5; bulls, $2@5:
stockersand feeders $1 50@4 20; yearlings and
calves. $2@4; veals. $3 25@6 23. ....
HOGb— Receipts, 4100. Market steady to
strong. Pigs, io@15c lower. Light and light
mixed, $6@6 40; medium and heavy. $6 30@6 50;
pigs, $4 50@6; bulk, $6 30@« 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. 700 Market stronger.
Lambs, $3 85@4 75; yearlings, $3 25S3 75; weth
ers, $3@3 70; ewes, $2 75@3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000. Sheep, good, -strong
to 10c higher; lambs, good, strong to 10c
higher; good to choice wethers, $3 50@4 ; fair to
choice mixed. $2 90@3 50; Western sheep, $3<§>
3 65; native lambs \u25a0 $2 EOiffo- Western lambs,
$3 25@4 40. . \u25a0
ST. JOSEPH.
t° strong, closed easy. Mixed and butchers.
$6@6 6o; good to choice heavy. $6@6 65; rough
heavy, $5 75@5 90; light, $6@6 25; bulk of sales.
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy. $4
@4 25: Buckwheat Flour,' $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@8 35;
In sacks, $6 50@S: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green. Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 19.01.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
AUCTION SALES
6E0. F. LAMSON Auctioneer
Examiner Building.
GREAT AUCTION SALE
v — OF—
MAGNIPICEUT FURNITURE and CARPETS
•WEDNESDAY. Oct. 23. 1901.
At 1721 Jack3on st^. at 11 o'clock. I will sell by
catalogue, by order of executor ot estate of
Mrs Anna Conn, deceased, the royal and «l e -
gant Furnishings of above residence.
<&* AUCTION £*
Forty head well-broke, gentle driving: and
work horses; all beauties; catalogues now
ready Sale Oct. 22. 11 a. m.. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 721 Howard street. _^
£?& £»> * -fes
TUESDAY, Oct. 22, 11 o'clock, at 1140 Fol3cm
St.. I will sell 23 all-purpose horses. 30 seta
single and double harness and a large assort-
roent of wagons, buggies, carta. saddles, etc.CLEVER LITTLE CHANTEUSE AND DAXSEUSE ECCENTRIQUE WHO
- IS APPEARING AT THE ORPHEUM AND THE "MAN FROM MEX
ICO" AT THE GRAND OPERA-HCL'SE.
LONG BEACH. Oct. 21.— Maud Miller,
daughter of Joaquln Miller, who came
here on Saturday with her theatrical com
pany was taken seriously ill and has not
been able ':o leave her room. \ Two doc
tors have been in attendance, and it was
said she was better to-night.
Maud Miller Seriously HI.
' A 'meeting of the A. J. Fritz Club was
held last evening -at Judge Fritz's court
room. Hall of Justice. Reports were re
ceived from the different districts and
many new me:nbers signed the club roll.
Speeches were made by J. J.' Barrett, R.
P. ' Ashe, ' O. Rothschild and many other
prominent speakers. The meeting ad-
Judge Fritz's Eriends Meet.
Property on the west line of Powell
street, 22:6 south from O'Farrell, was sold
yesterday for $92,500. The lot is improved
with a two-story brick and frame build
ing which rents for $400 per month. The
sellers are W. T. and Flora E. Albertson
and the purchasers are Charles A. and
Miss M. Stewart. Burnham & Marsh were
the brokers for the sellers.
Big Property Sale.
Mrs. E. H.. Conger of.Des Moines, wife
of Minister Conger, arrived here last even
ing, en route to join her husband in China.
She has not definitely settled what steam
er she will sail on. She says that Minister
Conger is, from the latest letter she re
ceived, In splendid health.
on the college gridiron on November 2.
Kaarsberg has worked the men into first
class condition and they play a strong
game. • "
Next Saturday the Olympic Club will
play the collegians on the campus. The
contest is the second I between the two
teams this year. The first ended with a
score of 5-0 in favor of California. \u25a0
Minister Conger's Wife Here.
Alter beinsr closed for the 1 better part
of the year, it is announced that the Mac
conough Theater has been leased by C. P.
Hall from the Macdonough estate, and
that the theater will be opened as soon
as the dates can be secured. C. P. Hall
nou controls the Clunie Opera-house in
Eacramento, the Barton Opera-house in
Fresno, the Yosemite Theater in Stock
ton, the Victory Theater In San Jose and
the Macdonough Theater of Oakland, a
playhouse that is the prettiest theater on
the coast outside of i5an Francisco ana
the equal of any in that city.
This announcement, made in Oakland
to-cay. was received with great satisfac
tion. The people of Oakland have felt a
personal Interest in the Macdonough The
ulfci- because a $10,000 bonus was subscrib-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1U8 Broadway, Oct. 21.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21. — The University
of Nevada eleven will play the University
of California team on- the Berkeley grid
iron Wednesday afternoon, October 30.
Graduate Manager Decoto received final
word from the Nevadans to-day and com
plete arrangements for the meet hav«
been made. The visiting team will ar
rive here a week from to-morrow.- Be
sides the California game- the Nevadans
will play Stanford on November 2.
Nevada defeated the Reliance team de
cisively last Saturday and should play a
close game with California. Among the
star men from the sagebrush State are
Ledbetter, the captain. and quarter, and
Keddie, half-back. '
Lawrence Jiaarsberg, California's fa
mous "kangaroo" full back in '98, has
got together an eleven of sailors and ma
rines from' the Vallejo navy yard. The
team of tars will play the Berkeleyans
The Oakland Theater Is
to Be Reopened
l at Last.
University Elevens Will
Meet on College
Gridiron.
Charles Rowland, a union teamster, was
arraigned before Judge Cook yesterday
on a charge of robbing a special watch
man of his star, revolver and money dur
ing the strike. His attorney, Leon Sam
uels, raised the point that the Grand Jury
was actuated by bias in returning the in
dictment, and the Judge ordered that the
members appear before him Friday to be
interrogated on that point.
Alleges Grand Jury Was Biased.
Mrs. Anna C. Waller, a widow, living
with her son at 1007 Alabama street, died
from the effects of an overdose of lauda
num taken yesterday morning. The lady
had been ill and despondent for the past
six months. She had been in the habit
of taking the Crug as a sleeping- potion.
Whether she took the overdose intention
ally or by accident is not known. The
case will be investigated by Coroner Le
land.
Took Too Much Laudanum.
Lilly Woods in a complaint filed yes
terday alleges that she has been damaged
to the extent of $3000 by A. C. Warner, a
sugar expert, whom she alleges asked her
to marry him and- then went to Honolulu
and married another. She further alleges
that she suffered so much from his du
plicity that she was compelled to expend
$1000 for medical attendance. Miss Woods
prays the court to award her a judgment
against Warner- as stated.
Sued for Breach of Promise.
The bt^dy of the man who was killed
last Sunday evening by the San Jose train
near the Nine-Mile House was identified
at the Morgue yesterday afternoon as that
of John J. LoVett, a blacksmith, residing
with his wife at 623 Minnesota street.
Lovett had been working at the Union
Iron Works, but went out on strike, since
which time he had been out of work and
desporident. He was 59 years old.
Blacksmith Lovett Killed.
ed by the general Oakland public toward
the construction of the theater. When
the Gottlob-Marx Company quarreled with
the managers of the Macdonough estate
and the theater was closed there was
much bitter complaint. For many months
the doors of the theater have been closed,
until there was even talk of suing for the
bonus, which wa,s subscribed upon the
consideration of the theater being kept
open. ' -
But the announcement of the lease of
the theater has settled everything. Mr.
Hall announces that he will play all of
the regular attractions that come to San
Francisco and that he has already 'begun
his bookings and will be ready to an
nounce dates within a few days.
Mr. Hall's plans in detail cannot be an
nounced, but he says that he will operate
the Macdonough Theater both in connec
tion with the theatrical syndicate's houses
in San Francisco and his own theaters in
the interior of the State. If he does this
he can make a strong circuit that will
include all of the principal towns in Cali
fornia outside of San Francisco and the
syndicate will have to deal with him.
C. P. Hall was formerly .corrected with
the Bush-street Theater In San Francisco.
When that house closed he turned his at
tention to Sacramento, where he has
made a decided success. He has grad
ually extended his Influence over the State
until he now controls a valuable circuit.
The Geissler-Hirschhorn troupe of Ty
rolean singers made their first appear
ance in this city at Fischer's Concert-
Fischer's Concert House.
The friends of Justus S. Wardell, Dem
ocratic nominee for Sheriff, met at 737
Market \u25a0 street last night and organized 'a
Wardell club for the purpose of making
an active compaign in the interest of Mr.
Wardell. The club will open headquar
ters at 737 Market street, with R. Porter
Ashe as chairman and Jesse A. Galland
as secretary. Remarks were made by R.
P. Ashe, William F. White. Joseph Slye,
S. T. Kahlmann, W. W. McNair, W. J.
Hennessy and others.
Will Support Wardell.
NEVADA TO PLAY
BERKELEY TEAM
The Geissler-Hirschhorn Alpine yod'ers
and Tyrolean specialty artists made their
first appearance in this city at Fischer's
Concert House last night. Others on the
interesting programme were: Eleanore
Jenkins, lyric soprano; Maude de Alma,
the clever soubrette; Herr Huber, the
armless artist; Harry Holmes, the black
face comedian, and his diving dog Dandy;
Mid Thornhill, a German humorist, a;id
George Jones, a colored funmaker. . Hin
richs' orchestra has an entirely new pro
gramme: to offer. .
Fischer's Concert House.
Machinist's Apprentice Missing.
Mrs. J. C. Dunne of 1142 Eighteenth
street called at the Coroner's office yes
terday and reported her son Horace as
since October 2. He Is 17 years
old and six feet tall. He was learning the
trade of machinist at the Union Iron
Works, and his relatives fear that he has
been made a victim of foul play.
Dropped Dead in Street.
Mrs. Greeneway, an aged woman, re
siding at 47 Clementina street, dropped
dead at the corner of Second and Tehama
streets last night. Death is supposed to
have been the result of heart disease.
Never tell a temperance advocate that
he is a corker.
O'Donnell Loses Suit.
Judge Seawell decided yesterday that
the Board of Election Commissioners was
right in refusing Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's
name a place on the ticket. O'Donnell's
suit for a writ of mandate was dismissed.
If a man looks upon the wine when it is
red it is very likely to cast reflections
upon his nose.
SECURES LEASE
OF MACDONOUGH
Mignonette Kokln is easily the star of
the Orpheum programme this week, an-1
this in spite of the fact that the O'Farrell
stre?t house has a bill that the press
agent might with accuracy allude, to as
"•the best ever." Miss Kokin is a won
cicrful dancer, graceful and airy, with a
ytvle all her own and a way all her own
than make the commonplace songs she
f^injjs bits of dramatic work that any full
fledged *artist with a big reputation might
be .proud of. The Beaux and Belles' Oc
tet, following closely on the "Florodora"
sex"et. is most fetrhinz. The cirls are
preity, the men well groomed and the
sonsrs tht?y sing pleasing. John Geler,
down on the bill as a trick violinist, cer-
Orpheum.
General Smith Reception Committee.
The citizens' committee appointed to pre
pare a reception to General Smith met
last evening at the California Hotel. Col
onel W. S. McCarthy presided and It was
decided to ask General Smtih to fix a date
for a banciuef in his honor. There will
also be a review of the National Guard
at the Pavilion. Messrs. Boxton, Murasky,
Beck and Burgin were appointed a com
mittee to wait on General Smith. It is
understood that the general will leave for
Manila in December and the affair will
take place a few days before he leaves.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to George H. Whitney,
25 years old. and Edith .C. Pariser, 23,
both of Alameda; John A. Tannion, 41,
and Ellen Labadie, 28, both of Fresno;
William J. Sately, 25, San Pablo, and
Margaret L. Moynihan, 23, Berkeley;
John H. Peters, 24, Oakland, and Marga
ret L. Tager, 21, San Jose; Adelbert L.
Harris, 22, and Angel Eves. 19, both of
Stockton; Emile F. S. Schultz, 23, and An
nie Martha Wilson, 23, both of Livermore.
Licensed to Marry.
The melodramatic features of Sutton
Vane's play "The Cotton King" kept a,
large audience thrilled for five acts last
evening at the Central Theater. In the
good, old-fashioned plot vice, virtue, vil
lainv and honor are mixed in generous
proportions, and the actors drew cheers,
tears and shouts of condemnation by
Edwin T. Emery in a strong character
role of a drunken Lancashire mill hand
won the honors of the evening, and Wil
lard Blackmore as the hero of the drama
received the sympathy of the fair sex.
Miss Margaret Marshall and Oza Waldorp
were interesting as the wronged heroines,
and Stanley Ross was a villain from the
tOD of his silk hat to the tips of his patent
leather shoes. The rest of the cast was
meritorious, and though all the actors
were not on the most friendly terms with
their lines the play was heartily enjoyed
bv tlie audience. The scenery was realis
tic especially in the act showing a cotton
niil in full operation, with a working ele
vator that could set an example for ra
pidity to many in this city.
Central.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— William Cochran,
21 years of age, is held at the City Prison
in $2-30 bail upon complaint of Mrs. Susan
Potts, his aged grandmother, who
charges him with having brutally beaten
her during a fit of drunken frenzy.
The aged complainant declares that
Cochran went to her room at 668 Twenty
eighth street yesterday, locked her in and
after knocking her down stamped on her
and choked her. Subsequently Cochran
was arrested for drunkenness, the story
of his alleged attack not developing until
to-day, when the abused woman related
the circumstances to Prosecuting Attor
ney Leach. As soon as Cochran has
served a sentence for drunkenness he will
be prosecuted upon the charge his grand
mother has lodged against him.
The prisoner has been employed at an
Elmhurst nursery.
Aged Susan Potts Makes Ugly Accu
sations of Cruel Assault Against
William Cochran.
CSAHGES A GRANDSON
WITH BRUTAL ATTACK
\u25a0water, and candy. Other ladies who have
volunteered their services are Mrs.
Welch, Mrs. Mulvihill, Mrs. Lavin and
Mrs. Zambresky.
P. J. Crosby will deliver an address to
morrow evening at the opening of the
fair.
journed with cheers for Ar J. Fritz. The
next meeting will be held to-morrow even
ing.
At the fish pond Mrs. Lawrence and
Miss M. Soares will direct affairs. Miss
Cotie and Miss Bernard will dispense soda
Mrs. Hoosen .will have charge of the
refreshment booth, where supper will be
served at 6 o'clock each evening and light
dainties later.
Kumor comes so naturally to Walter E.
Perkins that all he has to do is to speak
the lines and walk the walk and the au
dience titters and giggles and ha! ha's!
IE ft delirium of delight. He looks funny
ever, when he attempts to be serious,
and in a comical role like that of "The
Man Frpm. Mexico" he has a "cinch."
This three-act farce presents an oppor
tunity for the stock company to appear
to frood advantage, there not being a
misfit in the cast. Laura Nelson Hall
makes a natural Clementina Fitzhugh
end entered gracefully and unaffectedly
into the humor of the situation. Caro
line Frances Cook is a clever Nettle,
and the courtship scene was prettily
<Sonc. Timothy Cook, the Deputy Sheriff,
In the hands of Fred J. Butler, is a neat
bit of character acting, and he divides
the honors with the star. Von Bulow
Bisoarck Schmidt, the poet, In the hands
of Gilbert Gardner, is as side-splitting as
the author Intended him to be. The play
proraises to have, a successful run t this
weei, judging from the enthusiastic* re
ception It met with on the opening night.
Grand Opera-House.
Corporal Robert Cockrill died at his
residence, 415 Lyon street, Sunday night
after a long illness from cancer. The
funeral will take place from the late resi
dence of the deceased at 12:45 o'clock this
afternoon. The cortege will proceed to
Odd bellows' Hall, thence to the Tiburon
ferry. The remains will be interred in
the cemetery at Petaluma. Cockrill joined
the police department in 18S0 and was pro
moted to corporal in 18SD. He was sta
tioned at the Pacific Mail dock, where he
made many friends. He was 52. years of
age and leaves a wife to mourn his loss.
He was a brother of the late ex-Chief of
Police Cockrill.
Corporal Cockrill Dies.
LADIES WHO ARE TAKING A PROMINENT PART IN THE BAZAAR
TO LIFT THE DEBT FROM ALL SAINTS' CHURCH IN HAYWARDS,
THE AFFAIR OPENING TO-NIGHT AT THE OPERA-HOUSE.
A very small audience greeted the sec
ond production of the "Female Drum
mer" at the California last night, and
before the show was over the number cf
people In the theater was considerably
reduced. Johnstcne Bennett as the
"drummer," by her fairly clever acting
held a few of the theater-goers to the
last, and to Harry Ladell, whose stage
name is "Buttons," must be given the
credit of keeping those not -interested in
Miss Johnstone. The show is not up to
the standard, and is evidently doomed
to fill a place in the list of non-success
ful productions that are occasionally
brought- here.
California.
The comedy "The Girl in the Bar
racks" commenced its second week at tho
Alcazar Theater last night. The house
was comfortably filled and the audience
was kept in good humor throughout the
three acts. Next week there will be a re
vival of "Tennessee's Pardner.'
Alcazar.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. The Lenten Trio
present a clever hat-throwing and com
edy acrobatic act. Swor and Hathaway
are clever buck and wing dancers. The
Lerners are clever children and score a
big hit with character Imitations. Other
good numbers are the Lundgrens in a
comedy ladder act, Edna Hamlin in new
songs. Wise and Milton in a new sketch,
and new moving pictures.
Chutes.
house last night and scored an immediate
success. Their Alpine yodeling is inimi
table. Eleanore Jenkins sang the spin
ning song from "Faust" in a capital way
and was obliged to respond to two en
ccres. George Jones, a colored comedian,
had the large audience laughing at him
for fifteen minutes, and Herr Huber, a.
gentleman without arms, painted a land
scape successfully with a brush held in
his teeth. Maud de Alma, a fetching sou-
Lrette, sang some new songs, and Harry
Holmes, a blackface comedian, who has
a trained diving dog, gave an extraordi
nary performance. August Hinrichs an'J
his orchestra discoursed popular and
classical music.
tainly does wonders with his violin, and
Francis Le Page does some jumping that
makes one marvel at his skill and agility.
judge Ellsworth granted the prayer of
Luke B. Carr for a divorce from Sadie V.
Carr on the ground of willful desertion.
He was also awarded the custody of their
only minor child.-
Default was taken against Ernest J.
Walter, who is being sued for divorce by
Florence M. Walter. The defendant hus
band has not deigned to answer his wife's
action, and the testimony of the wife will
be taken by the Court Commissioner.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Two discontented
wives were granted divorces from their
husbands to-day. Mrs. Luella D: McHugh
was granted a divorce from W. F. Mc-
Hugh on the ground of extreme cruelty,
Judge Ellsworth awarding her the decree,
besides $25 a month alimony and the cus
tody of the two children. The defendant
did not make any defense.
Judge Hall divorced Mary George from
John G. George on the ground of extreme
cruelty. She was awarded the custody of
the only child. No effort to contest the
action of his wife was made by the de
fendant.
Mrs. Luella D. McHugb. and Mrs.
Mary George Secure 3>e
crees.
MAYWARDS, Oct. 2i:~ With a
view toward raising the debt
of the • parish, the ladies of
All Saints' Church have com
pleted their plans for a bazaar,
which will ' be opened to-morrow even
ing at the opera-house. In addition
to the dainty decorations of the fancy
booths the auditorium has been trans
formed into a bower of floral beauty,
much time and labor having been expend
ed to render the entertainment hall at
tractive to the patrons and participants.
During the progress of the fair there
will be evening musical programmes and
other features) to interest the visitors and
the guests of the«parish.
The Rev. J. A. Lally, pastor of the par
ish, has taken personal interest in this
year's fair. His special efforts during the
four years of his charge have been to
ward improvement of the conditions, spir
itual and material, of the parish. In this
work he has had the' earnest co-operation
of his people. The special effort at this
time is to pay off existing obligations
upon the parochial residence.
During the fair the ladies will conduct
three fancy booths, a rummage table,
candy and soda water stands, fish pond
and refreshment booth. There will be a
sale of fancy and useful articles.
Mrs. J. Obermuller has charge of the
rummage table. At the fancy booths will
be Mrs. Frank Winton, Mrs. Haas, Mrs.
J. E. Geary, Miss N. Stanton, Miss A.
Stanton, Mrs. Garwood, Mrs. Lavelle,
Mrs. P. H. Hoare and Mrs. Cooper.
The following named ladies will have
charge of Sacred Heart booth: Miss Mary
McKeever, Miss Mulverhill. Miss M.
AVelch, Miss Haas, Miss Brown. Miss
Munyon, Miss Morillo, Miss T. Wrede,
Miss Garcia, Miss C. Wrede, Miss A.
Wrede, Miss Carr, Miss Frances, Miss
Genevieve Mcl?eever and Miss Ethel
'berta McKeever.
WIVES ARE SUCCESSFUL
-IN. DIVORCE SUITS
I regret this course exceedingly, but the
schools cannot be run on talk. To pass the
hat around, as has been suggested, would be
nonsense. It is a disgrace to the city that out
siders should know that we close schools be
cause we are too poor to pay for them.
It is my painful duty to report that our com
mittee has decided to recommend that the night
schools be closed at the end o^ the month. Ten
days are between us and the/end of the month
and in the meantime the Council may do some
thins. "We ore in debt $1200 now and can't get
in any deeper. '/[
Directors Clift and Russ; voiced their
sentiments upon the matter of the en
forced closing of the schools rather forci
bly. Clift said that the night schools
wire one of the most important parts of
the educational system and that they
should be kept open at all hazards. Direc
tor Russ said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 21.
Acting on the report submitted by
School Director Isaacs, chairman of the
night schools committee, the Board of Ed
ucation voted unanimously to-night to
close the night grammar schools at .the
expiration of the current month unless
the City Council provides the department
with the necessary funds to maintain
them for the ensuing year. This step has
brought the night school situation to a
crisis and It now devolves upon the Coun
cil to decide whether the night schools
plisll remain open or closed, ten days in
tervening between—now and the first of
tlie month in which to take some action.
"When he presented his report to the board
Chairman Isaacs said:
The reappearance of Avedano in
"Xo:-ma" at the Tivoli last night was the
signal for ringing and long - continued
applause. He was greeted with cheers,
which lasted a full minute, and he re
sponded to the generous outburst by
ringing his opening aria in magnificent
style, which" touched off . the applause
apain and earned him a well deserved
enccre. At the end cf the first act three
ushers were kept busy passing up the
lloral tributes to the popular singer. He
\u25a0was in splendid voice, and his resonant
tenor did full justice to Bellini's beauti
ful :nusic. Avedano was generous of his
high notes, too, differing from most
toners, who generally reserve their vocal
Strength until the final effort.
The opera has seldom been presented
as veil as it is by the Tivoli company
'Tinder the able direction of Paul Stein
corf. Barbareschi sang the part - of
Xcrir.a with her usual grace and
charm of manner, and she, too,
was la excellent voice. Her ar
: aignment of Pollio (Avedano) for his
perlidy in having transferred his affec
tions, to Adalgisa (Poliettinij was thrill
:r:g. Besides singing her score in a way
almost approaching perfection, Darbares
chi acted with consummate ability and
gave a virile interpretation of one of the
best characters ever presented in grand
opera.
Pollettir.i, always reliable, sang her
ir.us.c skillfully and was heard to advan
tage in the tender passages especially.
Her duet, "Hear Me. Norma," with Bar
bareschi was a musical gem which
migrhtily pleased a large audience. Dado
a? Oroveso used his rich bass voice with
telling effect, and completed a quartet of
sing;rs who are well nigh invincible. The
chorus and ensemble work was good.
To-night "La Boheme," which promises
to be the sensation of the season.
Tivoli.
Lack of Funds Forces
Board of Education
to Action.
VOTE TO CLOSE
NIGHT SCHOOLS
Postmaster Schmidt said to-night that
the woiyt was evidently that of an
i amateur, from the superficial manner in i
which it was done. No attempt v/as made :
to break into the safe, which contained a
considerable sum of money and many
stamps. It was reported to-day that a
quantity of registered mail had been !
I taken, but this Postmaster Schmidt :
| denies. None of the employes are under
I the least suspicion. They all carry keys
' to the office. The ransacking showed eyi
i dence of being done by one not familiar
| with the premises.
I The attempted robbery is connected with
j a similar affair which occurred about a
I week ago. W. C. Moran's real estate office
| in the next block north of the postoffice
| was entered by two men, who broke open
i the rear door. The noise awakened some
! men in the flat above the office and on
i their starting an investigation two men
i were seen to run from the office and dis
! appear in the darkness. Nothing had
! been taken.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21.— Tti"e local post
office on Shattuck avenue was entered
last night, presumably after midnight, by
burglars, who, according to Postmaster
George Schmidt, secured nothing for their
trouble. Misplaced furniture and . dis
turbed mail and cash drawers were left
as evidences of an attempt to secure^
plunder. As the office was not broken into
entrance must have been made through
one of the doors by some one having 'A
key. The employes' door is fastened by a
Yale lock, and it is this one that is sup
posed to have been opened. The attempted
robbery has been reported to the postofflce
officials.
« — —
Mails Disturbed, but Nothing
of Value Is Obtained by
the Thieves.
Stn*rt Robson plays Bertie, of course
rnd pictures the iovable simpleton with
nteesc sympathy. The part fits Mm like a
glore. Lven that dry, rather absurd
smail voice cf his is lifted into usefulness!
and the v.nole conception is strong and
harmonious. The '-lambs'* confession of
the crgies a la carte of his club, when
he a. id the other dissipated gentry re
fpect Cully gaze afar off upon stage beau
ties and kindred wickednesses, is done
Tilth admirable quaintness. The scene
"tvh^rs he takes his brother's guilt
upon his head is a finely bal
anceci bit of work all *round.
V. e .augh-with a tear near-when he
HSJ3? vA stI1 L say the little Prayer my
mothah taught me. every morning— just
before I go to bed"; we laugh at his
nalreto In the ldve scenes, but feel
throughout his simple manliness, chiv
a!ry and strength.
,.t Uao ]i' n Arbuckle has the good part of
ZSicholas \an Alstyne, one of the clev
trest American dramatic portraits
that exist, and Mr. Arbuckle does
U-e role full justice. As the old
Wall -street operator, keenest of
mea ir i . the market, softest at heart
wherj his women folk are concerned— in
the fight for the love of the fighting, Mr.
Arbuckle takes every chance he gets, and
U-- 1 exceII ent portrait he gives * us.
with Mr. Robson, Mr. Arbuckle shares
the honors of the evening. Dorothy
ilossmore also adds much to the comedy
by h<»r piquant work as Cornelia OpdyKe
the tfascinating widow. Russ Whytal,
though a trifle melodramatic, is satisfac
tory, and Roy At well does a clean and
tellirg bit of work as Watson Flint. Jo
seph P. Keefe is net all he might be as
ihe 'Rew Murray Hilton. Clifford J>>.igh
Is clever as the English lord, Trelawney.
Besides Miss Rossmore Miss Carter is"a
i-atis factory feminine member of the cast
and makes the most of her small part
cf Rose Van Alstyne: Miss Mary Keatly
is quiie attractive as Agnes Lockwood,
and Laura Thompson is a large and love
ly lfdy, who takes the part of Lady
Mary Trelawney with some credit to
hereslf and pleasure to us. "The Hen
rietta." goes for this and next week, and
Sarah Coweil Le Moyne in "The Duchess
of Marlborough" will follow.
at the Columbia by his and Mr.
Hobson's many admirers. "The Henri
etta" is just as fresh to-day as on the day
it was written, seine fourteen years ago,
and r.s a comedy of American manners Is
of the best. Mr. Robson brings out a
competent company for its interpretation
and the Bronson Howard comedy should
be a popular bill with the -week's play-
E. ERTIE, "the lamb." is the same
J droll, stupid and lovable "devil
\ of a fellah'" as. ever, and last
/ night vcas delightedly welcomed
Postoffice at Berkeley
Is Entered by-
Burglars.
Stuart Kobson Opens at the Columbia in 'The Henrietta"— Grand
Gives Fine Performance of "The Man From Mexico."
Interesting Shows at, the Other Theaters of the- City
FAIL TO SECURE
STAMPS OR COIN
"BERTIE, THE LAMB," RETURNS
WITH HIS OLD-TIME NAIVETE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, . 1901.
Desiring to- Lift the Debt Off Ail Saints' Church They Plan an Elab
orate Fair, Which Will Open This. Evening at Opera-House,
,the Auditorium of Which Is Now a Bower of Floral Beauty
CATHOLIC LADIES OF HAYWARDS
COMPLETE PLANS FOR A BAZAAR
11
r^^^^s, He thinks he lives, but he's a
/^*|s|l^i|i§&^^' dead one. No person is really
j^^^^iV .alive whose liver is dead. During
/jQ^=^iy£^$M|& the \winter most people spend
/\u25a0|y-^^^^C^y^ pk stuffy houses or offices or work-
%s^£m JOn snops. Many don't get as ( much
exercise as they ought, and 'every-
/I*-^\?il$//V body knows that people gain
'uMgBUr^i MilN weight in winter. As a rule it is
l^S^^^^jrtf^l^Bfey'not sound weight, but means a lot
of « abb y fa t and useless rotting-
matter staying in the body when
it ought to be driven out. But the
liver is over-burdened, a dead
liver, and right now is the time.
for resurrection] Wake up the dead! Get all the filth out of
your system, and get ready for the winter's trials with clean,
clear blood, body, brain free from bile. Force is dangerous and
destructive unless used in a gentle, persuasive way, and the right
plan is to give new strength to the muscular walls of the bowels,
and stir up the liver to new life and work with CASCARETS,
the great system cleaner, disinfectant and bowel tonic N Get a
50c box to-day— a whole month's treatment— and see how quickly you/ will
be brought back to new life. Sample and booklet free.
Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 49^ 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, lyui.
12
SAJf FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open- until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. _ m.
CC9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Larkin etrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
1!<41 Mission street; open urtil 10 p. m -
SGI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. - '" - : '"_
K>6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1«>6 Valencia st; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftrcfts; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. -
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A.M.. »
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) E\ EN- Jk
ING, Oot 22. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. de- VJf
gr ec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. «•
fc L _T!ie officers and members of the Uf^
above named lodge are hereby notified }fc/\
to attend the funeral of °«r late '
b-other. CHARLES DAVIS OT.SHING In
Klnsr Solomons Hall. Masonic Temple. THIo
DAT (Tuesday). Oct. 22. 1901 « 2 o'clock
p m Master Masons and friends of tne
deceased are invited. Uy order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary
COLDEX Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) J\-
EVENING at 7:30. D. 2. By order of J^ft
* ' EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13S, F. and A- M-. \u25a0
121 Eddy st. Lodge of instruction^^
THIS KVENING 7:20 o'clock. /^^
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /Tr'
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 1H, F. and A. •
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _«%_
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. 7W\
A. S. HUB3ARD. Secretary. /V'
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57, L O. A mt
O. F.— Members will assemble in hall >A
THIS TUESDAY at 12:3!) p. m.. for the /\
purpose of attending the funeral of our f X
late Patriarch R. L. COCKIULL.
C H. KORXBECK. C. P.
MAGNOLIA Lodge Nol 29. L O.
O. F. — R^rular meeting of this ?r<5rl«rN$S
lodge THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING. Initiatory degree. Visitors ' //|lvv
are cordially welcome.
HAKRT H. VELLEXS, Noble Grand.
e. POLACK. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of
California Harbor No. 13, HiTTi fii'iia., '
American Association of IBtisbSSS^^^ !
Masters and P:i< ts. are \Wn*dSt* S *~
hereby requested to attend 1?***"^
a special meeting of the l
Harbor on WEDNESDAY, Oct. 23, at 8 p. m.
Important business. 15y order.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting of
ftockholders cZ the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
r-any. 327 Market St., in the City and County
at San Francisco, State cf California, on
WEDNESDAY. October 23, 1901. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 cf article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer bocks
v.-iU close on Saturday, Octoher 12. 1901. at 12
o'clock noon. Uy order of the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ACE.\TS WANTED.
AGEXTS wanted— Life of McKinley, 500 pages;
best bock: 100 ilustrations; outfit free; com-
plete bo-.lv. ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland. Or.
AGENT to establish . route among business
houses; $13 week; expenses allowed while es-
tablishing route. 516 Commercial et
CITY <>r country quick seller: Leather Lustre;
Fair.ple 25c. Brown, room 9. -!1 Third st.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. EiniJie Funke.1416 Sth St., Alameda.
ASI'HALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired ; postal. 11S6 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU. astrclogif=t ; complete life
reading. 50c; by mail, 30c. 1163 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney. 3H
Montgomery Bt. — Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned; Insurance 30s
en $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings. 418^ Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections ;attaclinionts; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;d<»eds; wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free — Divorces a ' specialty: quick
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc.. prepared; charge lew; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. \V. HOWE. 850 Market st
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
XV. DAVIDSON. S27 Market si., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAUK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation fra : r.o fees In advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Eiehnnge.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, Jo up;
send for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL.
3G9 Larkin st.
BOAKDI.NG FOR CHILURE.V.
LADY with sTnall child wouM furnish good
home and care for little boy or girl at reason-
Eble compensation. Address box 1320, Call.
GOOD home for Email child, with motherly
care: object, company. Call or address S31
Thirty-iourth st.. Oakland.
LADY woeM like child as schoolgirl to board;
btst care; tr-rms reaKnable. 913 Dolores st.
"WANTED — 2 Finall children to board; school
near by. 'Z'i John St., off Powell.
UOTHEIVS care and good home for two or
three rhildren: lew terms. 1607 California «t.
BOOKS NEW A.\U OLD.
BOOKS cf every kind bought. Tel. Bed 2958.
HOLMHS BOOK CO.. :04-T06-TOS Mission st.
itlREAU THI.VKS.
TRUNKS cf every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and falesroom. S26 Howard.
uusiKKsa coasces:
A— J16C0— COUNER. grocery and bar, doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
425; sickness 01 wile only cause of sale, fc*
11. G. WILKE, 26!- Kearny st.
A— J12.-.0: I3AKKKY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
Call K. O. WILKE, 26% Keatny st.
A-J1S0O; BAKERY in Western Addition: estab-
lished 26 years: rent MS; 2 horses. 1 wagon;
most store trade; bakirg 3 barrels per day.
1'anicula.rs R. G. W1I.K.E. 2CVj Kearny St.
A— $100; COKNER <=a!oon on Mason St.; rent
J25; good business; must be sold at. once;
owner ' accr-iited Government position. Call
B. G. WILKE. 2Gi- JCcarny st.
A— $1000; COFFEE saloon and lunch room in
wholeba'.e district; no rent; dally receipti
from $25 to i»0; help expenses only $3 per day.
Call II. G. WILKE. 20'4 Kearny st.
A— $3.jC; DEL1CACT and pork store, with 3
living rooms; rent Hi; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% K<rarny Et.
A— $1005; LIQUOR store on Market St.; estab-
lished many years; doing a good paying busi-
ness; Investigate and you will find a splendid
business offer. It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— 5300; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.. near Market; rent $30; place does
a good paying business. Call It. O. WILKE,
26>s Kearny st.
JCoOO; MONEY-MAKING oil route; 1500 retail
customers and wholesalers; horses, wagons
and tanks. DECK & CO., 927 Market, r. 203.
$2290; SALOON; rent $15; business $30 per day.
DECK & CO.. S27 Market St.. room 20S.
522:i0-GROCERY, postofflce. laundry. 3 newg-
paper agrncies, public telephone; Jast year's
receipts Jla.OCO; out of city; rent $15; this
place must be seen; a bargain. DECK &
CO.. 927 Market St., room 20S.
$1300— GliOOEnY, coal and feed business; rent
$25; established 12 years; sell inventory-
DECK & CO., S27 Market st, room 208.
ROOMING and boarding-house?, hotels, flats,
stores and business places of every description
eold and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 933
Market Et. ; phone Folsom 430.
CHOP house at a prcat sacrifice; price $123;
clearing SJOO a month; must be sold at once.
McDKiDE & CO.. 993 Market Bt.
A— SACRIFICE; chance to begin life ever
again; buy my busy cipar stand; near Mar-
ket St.: which nets $3 50 every day; am
called to Seattle quick; make offer to ray
apents, HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott bldg.
FIP.ST-CLASS restaurant with a flrst-claps bar
connected, doing a business cf about JIM a
flay; price M500; part of money can etand on
business; will bear the fullest InvtMtlgatloo.
Address box Call office. Oakland.
A— $750; BAKERY, delicacy and lunchroom;
first class in every respect; stock; fixtures; 2
completely furniFhed kitchens; new and clean;
$S00 per month cash trade; established; living
rooms; rent free to November 10. 656 Geary.
5200; PARTNER wanted in light business; $75
a month cl«ar; no experience required; trial
given before buying. £5 Geary et.. room 1.
GROCERY and bar; living rooms; cheap rent;
bears full investigation. 935 Market, rm. 11.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR FARNHAM. spiritual medium
and life reader: mining a specialty: clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkln 2275.
Miss M.Wllle.326A Ellis St., greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sitting*, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance, Sunday, Tues-
day. Thursday, 8:15 pi m. ; 25c; readings daily.
299 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car.
A— MOTHER FATMA Egyptian materializing
seance to-day, 2 p. m. ; . 50c. 1610 Bush St.,
near Franklin.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m., 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
MRS. HARLAND'S circ. to-night. Wed., Thur.,
Fri., 10c; readings 50c, $L 14S Sixth st.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c. 305 Larkin; hours 1-5; phone Howard 745.
Mme. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGEN holds a spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 14S Sixth.
HARMACHEIS, occult medium; circles Sun.,
Tues.. Wed., Fri. eves. ;rdgs.dally. 332 O'Farrell.
PROF. Gee, 108 6th— Readings 50c and $1; cir.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1125.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. lOo.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMeT"m. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. , next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-'
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. ; Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL of the tribe of Alohobar,
Bedouins, from Horan, near Damascus; life <
1 readings through esoteric astronomy without i
questions; limited engagement in this city;
hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. 100S% Market St.,
room 1, second floor.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant arid
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
I posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist, tells
past, present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. I Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
.MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St., bet. Sth and 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given* 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me.
CARPET BEATIJVG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S ' Pioneer Carpet-beat- '
ing Works, 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning, 3c; laying; !
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAs" I
PARRY, 1511^ Market st.: phone Mint 1095. j
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinB Works — Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relald. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop, j
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices '
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatinE "Works, G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning, and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. j
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure. '
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st... room 307. !
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~cnarg^un^
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A MODERN cottage, furnished, 30 minutes
from city; 6 rooms, bath, fruit trees.- piano,
chickens. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. JUGGINS, .927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices,
lor painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed," $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. \ j
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 aiar- I
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
' wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns, $3 50; fillings,
r.Oc: plates. $5. full. set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
or porcelain crowns, $5; set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission St., SE. cor. Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy et.— Work don*
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 84 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Paln-
less extraction GOc; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy, bide
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
,U_^ \u2666 1
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and elllclent service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaklng~& Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion- and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL^olTEXE^CTRlC^LrENGl>
NEER1NG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
• practical; day and night. £4 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. *
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
Vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice .worth
following? " Life -scholarship $50: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school i. for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. , Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates,
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
EpUCATIOXAL--€ontlnned._^^_
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, .typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures' the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ere Is TARR, the expert, 220. Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping- and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st. '
Acting & elocution— Eve classes, special rates;
* monthly payments. • Leo Cooper, 811 Geary st.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH. French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post ; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, EOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission^
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College 24 Post st., S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE -Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush »t. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furr.ish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE:
AMERICAN Eastern girl desires a situation a3
nurse; has Eastern references. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or taking
care of rooming-house. Address 203 Bartlett
St.. near Twenty-third, rear.
WANTED?— By a middle-aeed woman to do
light housework and sleep home or help in
kitchen. 21 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like position in
sanitarium doctor's office or -would care for
invalid lady; references. Address C. M.. 1326
Market st.
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a position
to do second work and sewing. Call 632
Guerrero st. ; no postals or letters answered.
AMERICAN woman, competent housecleaner,
wants work by the day; $1 25. Box 1321, Call.-
MIDDLE-AGED, woman wishes light house-
work or taking care of an old lady. Apply
2 Hampton court, »olt Harrison St., bet Sec-
ond and Third.
A RESPECTABLE woman would like work by
the day washing or cleaning; terms moder-
ate. Call at 337 Jessie st., bet. 4th and Gth.
WOMAN wants situation to do general' house-
work; good cook. 204 Van Ness ave. ,
AN elderly German lady wants a position in
a family to help houseworking and cooking;
looks more for good home than high wages.
Inquire 91S Buchanan st.
BY young Swedish girl, speaks no English, a
situation to do general housework in small
family. Call 2 days. 1022 Sanchez St., near
Twenty-fourth.
MISS BESSIE STOY, having studied art un-
der the best masters of New York and Chi-
cago, and having had many years' experience
in teaching the same, desires a position as
superintendent or teacher of drawing in either
a public or private school. Address MISS
BESSIE STOY, Louisville, Ky.
A YOUNG lady stenographer, typewriter,
bookkeeper, 4 years' experience, desires po-
sition; capable taking full charge correspond-
ence. Address X., box 1303. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants washing to
do at home at oil McAllister St.; phone Fol-
Bom 1691. I
WANTED— By flrst-class dressmaker, a few
more customers to sew for by the day; terms
reasonable. Address 1306 Ellis st.
DRESSMAKER desires sewing by the day. !
Apply at 259 Seventh st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 290 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week: convenient and .respectable; free
'bus and baggage to arid from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG gentleman wishes position with whole-
sale house as traveling salesman; can furnish
good references; paints and oils business pre-
ferred. Box 1292. Call.
ANY kind of occupation, from 12:30 to 4:30
dally, wanted by reliable man, aged 40, ex-
perienced with office and store work. Box
1296, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman. 24, very willing, respect-
able and of good habits, wishes employment
of any description. Address J. E. H., box
1338. Call,offlce.
EXPERIENCED butcher and sausagemaker
would like position in country shop. Box
1339, Call office.
SITUATION of any kind wanted by a neat ap-
pearing young man; has had 8 years' experi-
ence as traveling salesman. Box 1316, Call.
"WANTED — By an experienced baker, a° place
as foreman in the country. Address Baker,
box 1323, Call office.
YOUNG man. 23 years, desires position as col-
lector or nnything where there is a chance
for advancement. Call or address 21H£ Bart-
lett st.
EDUCATED Dutchman, speaking Spanish,
German and English, wants position; city or
.country; 5V4 years' references. L. VAN
GELDER. 442 Eddy st.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
' man, gardener and general utility man: can
milk and understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 4002, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position taking care of
horses, garden; good driver; can milk; handy
with tools. Box 1319, Call office.
MAN familiar with the city wants to drive
and care for one or two horias. Box 1293,
Call office.
WANTED— By a young man attending school,
a place to work for his board. Box 1291, Call.
YOUNG man. 23. fair education, wishes work
of any kind. Box 1234, Call office.
A WELL educated young man, 25, will work
day and evening for board, lodging and $20;
\u25a0 must have 3 hours a week for lessons; refer-
ences. Box 1322. Call office. \u25a0
BUTLER or valet, English; excellent refer-
ences from last employers, New York. NEW-
BROOK, The Oaks, Third st. .
YOUNG German wishes position as all-round
man; can take care of horses or as porter.
Address 38 Ellis St., cigar store.
YOUNG man. 23, would like position of some
kind for evenings. Box 12SS, Call office.
A STRONG, reliable young man with sev-
eral years experience in liquor work wants
position -In any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, extensive traveler, all around
business man. energetic and executive; will-
ing to go to any place of the world, is open
for'an engagen ent. Box 1278, Call office.
MAN with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his wife at same plnce.
Address A. E. CRAIG. Monticello, Cal.
ENGINEER well up in the ice machine busl-
* ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position; Al references.
Address box 1238, Call office. |__
GARDENER wants situation; competent 'n all
branches of gardening; German; single. Ad-
dress B.. box 1116, Call office.
WANTED by a young man— A place to work
and attend school. E. C. B.. box 1267. Call.
BAKER: steady; 26 years' experience; . bread
and cakes of all kinds. 822 Howard, room 11.
RELfABLE, experienced cook wants position;
town, country, hotel, restaurant; good refer-
enees. Cook. 45 Franklin \u25a0 st.
"WANTED— Situation - in private residence ! by
Japanese man and wife; just came from
Japan; cannot speak English, but very faith-
ful and good servants; wages small. Address
260% Brannan st. -
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (lnc.)-We
have 42 offices in operation; new method -*ot
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address" main office, 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay window in every
room; fine view; elegant grounds; northwest
corner Portola st and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
FIFTEENTH, 1S98. corner Dolores— Sunny bay-
window flat. 7 rooms and bath.
MODERN sunny flat of 6 rooms. 1130 Golden
Gate ave., near Webster st.
MODERN upper sunny flat, 7 rooms, bath;
flrst-class order. 105 South Park.
3 ROOMS; also range for sale. 20 Harrison
ave., off Folsom St.. bet. 7th and 8th; $10.
$S— FLAT of 3 rooms and yard on Linden ave.;
water and ashman free. Key at 524 Fell st.
$22 50— MODERN bay-window flat, 7 rooms and
bath. 15B Henry st.. near Market and 15th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
KLATSi TO LET PUK.MSHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished upper flat, 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30. 4026 Seventeenth st., or
F. B/SURRYHNE, 138 Montgomery st.
CARPETS and part of , furniture of fine mod-
.'ern 6- room flat for sale; flat to let. XS06
O'Farrell Et.
FRAMES AXD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. F«lsom 132S.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mlssibn, s nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FOR sale— Furniture of 5 rooms. Call from 12
to 5, 353 Fourth st. ; no dealers.
FOIl sale— Furniture of 5 rooms and bath.
912 Ellis st.; rent $18; sunny side.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms. 115 Jones st.
FURNITURE WANTED. t
CAL. Auction Co., 7o9 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Black 5491. /
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkln
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market-
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A WOMAN labeler; few months' work;
springs; free fare both ways. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A YOUNG lady for all around work in candy '
factory; experience not necessary, but pre-
ferred; $5 week to begin. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 235 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... Phone Maine 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
5 waitresses, first-class hotels, country, • $20
and $25; 6 waitresses, city, $20; 2 lunch wait-
resses, city, $50; 3 chambermaids, to wait,
$20; cook, boardinc-house, $25 and $40; helps
hall waitress, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, $35; 3 cook:-, $25 and $30; house girl,
country, $25, see lady here; 2 second girls,
country, $20, see lady here, fare paid; house
girl, 2 in family, country. $20, see lady here.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary St.
WANTED— Hotel cook, $S0; 4 cooks, German
style, $25-$30; housework, go north, see party
here, $25; cook, some wash, $35; 4 second
girls, $20-$25; nurse, 1 child, $25; 4 hotel wait-
resses, $20; chainberwork, wait one meal, $20;
cook, San Lorenzo, $25; 40 girls for all kinds
of housework, city and country, call early.
J. F. CROSETT \u25a0& CO., 316 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID and waiting; country ho-
tel; $:-0 and fare. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
WANTED— First-class Jacket hands; also a
strong stock girl, lfi or 18 years old. for cloak
and suit department. Apply R. D. DAVIS
6 CO.. corner Geary st. and Grant ave.
WELL-DRESSED ladles (two) to establish club
among private residences; pays $15 weekly,
besides pay of assistant; expenses allowed
while working up route. 516 Commercial st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
wrappers and waists; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st^
WANTED — By mercantile house, flrst-clas3
stenographer and typewriter; must be quick
and accurate; state experience. Box 1295, Call.
A YOUNG German girl for help in cooking and
general housework: three In family. 823
Fillmore (lower flat), forenoons.
WANTED— A neat, respectable girl, not over
16. to assist In light housework. Call 173a
Stockton gt., 10 to 2 o'clock. ; i
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse, 35 to 40 years \u25a0
- old; wages $25; city references required. Call
100S Haight St., Tuesday morning.
A GIRL wanted for second work. Call between
9 and l'l, southeast corner of Clay and Bu-
chanan sts.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist with gen-
• eral housework; $10, $15 a month. 1729 Mc-
Allister st.
2 COMPOSITORS; permanent positions. Apply
bet 8 & 9 a. m. at 1519'/4 Polk st., nr Sac'to.
A GIRL, not under 16, for light housework.
1629 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; wages
$12. Apply to 2117 Pierce st.
ACTIVE girl wanted for light work in laun-
dry. St. Nicholas Laundry. 17th and Folsom.
A YOUNG girl for errands and light house-
work wanted at 692 McAllister st.
GIRL to keep child out of doors; may sleep
home; $10. 1904 Broadway.
GIRL' for general housework: German pre-
ferred; wages $1S to $20. 3893 24th St.; bakery.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with care of
two children. 1314 Masonic ave.
WANTED— Flrst-class skirt hands at SCH1M-
MEL & STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl to fold papers. Inquire 1139
Market st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on pants: 75c
pair; steady work. 211 Tehama St., upstairs.
A YOUNG Klrl for general housework; need
not. cook. 1831 Eddy st. ,
GLOVE makers, operators and apprentices,
wanted. O. W. NOLL & CO., 431 Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands wanted.
Room 2, 121 Post st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; 3 In
family; must be good cook. 1188 Ellis st.
GOOD finishers on ladles' tailor coats. A.
CAILLEAU, 114 Kearny «t.
WANTED— Girl to wait in a small restaurant;
experience not necessary. 1727 Market st.
GOOD operator on pants. 36 Geary, room 33.
WANTED— First-class waitress.- Restaurant,
1428 Market st. \u25a0 \u25a0,
WANTED— Competent German or Scandinavian
girl for cooking and housework. 317 Larkln.
EXPERIENCED operator and finishers on cus-
tom pants. 12C8 Mission st., near Eighth.
GIRL to help mind couple of children over 2
years' of age. 768 Hayes st.
2 LUNCH waiters wanted. Pearl and Beach
streets.
WANTED— Two neat girls; one for downstairs
work, must be good cook; the other for
second work and serving. Call 1180 O'Farrell
WANTED — Immediately, a wetnurse. 906 Guer-
rero st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. 1516
Devisadero st. '
EXPERIENCED glove makers, and appren-
tices for operating; steady position. CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; one who can
finish; also first-class finisher; good pay: call
ready to work. 1000 Harrison St., cor. Sixth.
A REFINED woman, willing to apply herself
steadily, can procure permanent position with
business house. Box 12S1, Call office.
WANTED — Sewing machine operators on shirts,
at GREENEBAUM, \V\EIL & MICHELS'. 531
Mission St.; good wages; steady work.
SWEDISH or German woman for housework
and take care of woman: 3 In family. ,2520
Mission st. ; apply In ciKar store.
WANTED — Young lady bill clerk and assistant
in office; experience required. Box 1121, Call.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework and
mind child. Apply 2237 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED operators ladies' underskirts;
stm. power; good pay. A. Aaron, 579 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on ladles'
tailor-made coats. Apply 22 Grant ave.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
i CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. -
WANTED— Girl about 11 for light housework"
Apply 525 Castro st.
WOMAN to cook in camp. South San Fran-
cisco; steady work; near school. Apply 215
California st.
A— $900; GROCERY and delicatessen store; most
desirable part of city; excellent business;
large stock; established. LESS, 14 Third st.
A— $5000; SALOON near Market st. ; long lease ;
Immense business. M. LESS. 14 Third st.
A— $5Ool RESTAURANT; wholesale district;
• fine trade; investigate. M. LESS, 14 Third st.
A— $SO0; CORNER grocery and bar; busiest
locality In the Western Addition; nice living
rooms; rent $25. M. LESS. 14 Third st.
A— $3000; CORNER grocery and bar, north of
Market; horse and wagon; present owner
there 18 years and Is retiring from business;
low rent; positive value. M. LESS. 14 Third.
FOR sale — A well-fitted up saloon on Market
St.; on account of death will be sold at a bar-
gain: no agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE,
515 Market st.
STOCK and fixtures of old fruit store sacri-
ficed if sold to-day. 28 Franklin St.
BARBER shoo for sale; profits over $160
monthly; bargain. 803 Kearny st.
FOR sale— Locksmith arffl electrical shop; com-
plete outfit. 3070 Twenty-fourth st.
CANDY store; average sales $50 per week;
must sell; sickness. 41 Third st., room 9.
ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar; good
location: fine bar trade. Inquire Call branch
office, 300 Hayes st.
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE,
£37 Mission et
IF you wish to cell or purchase a business see
FARSHMAN & GUSTE. 78 Third St.
IF you wish to purchase or dispose of a busi-
ness see BROWN & ODELL, rooms 8 and 9,
41 Third st.
BUTCHER shop; established 10 years; best
town in State; death cause selling; must sell
this week. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
FOR Sale— Florist well established on principal
thoroughfare; rent reasonable: on account re-
tiring from business. Box 1120, Call office.
BANKRUPT sale— Furniture and fixtures of
restaurant for sale. Apply for particulars to
K. WERTHEIMER, Trustee, S25 Clay st.
FOR Sale — Branch bakery, candy & dairy pro-
duce; account sickness. 1209 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Partner in horseshoeing business.
40 * Jackson st.
AN opportunity for good experienced furniture
man with some capital to connect himself
with an established firm as manager. Box
1312, Call office.
FOR SALE^ — The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
WANTED— Partner who understands bee hive
business. Address ADAM MILLER, Vallejo,
Cal.
LIQUOR store; good family and bar trade; rea-
sonable; main street; fine location; owner
going north. Box 2342. Call office, Oakland.
LARGE paper route for sale; good inducements
offered. Box 1265, Call office.
SALOON for sale on water front Apply at
12 Jackson st.
FOR sale— Fruit 6tore with horse and wagon,
cheap. 1249 Mission st.
LODGI\G-I1OCSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market St.. is
HEADQUARTERS FOK BARGAINS
IN LODGING-HOUSES
• HOTELS, FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 TO $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
" S rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner .' 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on .McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary Bt 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 pash 750
8 rooms; flat: near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth st.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
30 rooms: on Mason st.: new 750
S2 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH KVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
6 rooms ; elegantly furn. ; flat* $70'J !
8 rooms; furniture and carpets; 1st class. toO I
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500 1
1C rooms; full; everything good; snap 1600
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750 I
9 rooms; right downtown S00
9 rooms; cheap rent, including piano.. ..1250
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500
43 rooms; full; choice; bargain 4500
17 rooms; north of Market; snap 12W
12 rooms; boarding; best location 1200
10 rooms; corner; on Geary st 850 i
11 rooms; corner; on Jones 1200
30 rooms; everything good; bargain 3250 |
10 rooms; light and sunny; cash $300 600 j
11 rooms; cheap rent; clears $35 50 J '
16 rooms; a fine corner.. 1 140} i
44 rooms; choice location; pays well 3000 j
10 rooms; elegant furn. and carpets 1000 i
18 rooms; close in; good business 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
A SPECIAL NOTICE A..
I HAVE BARGAINS
REAL BARGAINS
Which pay me to advertise, which will pay
you to investigate. Call «id see them, for
SEEING IS BELIEVING. *
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
25 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments... $40O
99 ro-jms; grand corner; clears $600 S95O
42 rooms; cost ?12,000 to furnish 7000
6 rooms; corner flat; payments 360
9 rooms; $125 cash, bal. payments 33*
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1230
10 rooms; OfFarrell; $150 cash. bal. pymts 750 |
CALL, AVE CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
110 rooms; modem; hotel; clears $600.. \. 10,000
20 rooms; good location; moneymaker.... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St., corner
Kills, room 12.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1, 2,
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been in this business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
He has 4 salesmen — Business is booming.
Money to loan — payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses:
£3 rooms; rent $30; corner; workingmen..$501
]4 rooms; Post St.; rent $55; clears $65 — 800
7 rooms; Leaver.worth St.; 2 floors; new. 500
11 rooms: near Sutter; Axminster carpets. 750
16 r. ; apartments ; newly painted ; rent $50. 850
SO rooms; rent $200; moneymaker 3600
40 rooms; central; clears $150 month 2C00
18 rooms; sunny corner; 2 floors; rent $70.. P50
63 rooms; rent $150; fine location 4000
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
• SO r., rent J125, boarders, elegant fur $8000
44 r., rent J120. inc. $300, apart, house 3000
75 r., ferit $175, full, sood lnc 5500
24 r., rent $80, clear $75, trans., 3d st 1150
14 r., rent $C0, good furn., lnc $105 1000
, 10 r., rent $45, clears $40. good fur., carp.. 600
i 8 r.. rent $40; Brussels carp., housekpg 425
5 r., rent S35, fine little flat 275
Flats, 3 to 11 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED— /
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only $1000
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 1600
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 31&0
35 rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent $87; money-maker 2200
24 rooms; rent $65; part Cash 1000
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent ISOi)
25 rooms: rent $50: clears $100 900
'§ rooms; cheap rent; north of Market.... 3S00
' 120 rooms: rent $110; profits $l*>00 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
HEALY & HENDERSON,
6 Eddy St., 18-19.
We don't keep eood houses.
We sell them. See these: .
130 rooms; electric lights $15,000
7-room flat; McAllister st 250
9-room flat: new; rent $45 750
10 rooms; G. G.; new 650
£8 rooms; downtown: elegant 2,500
HEALY & HENDERSON.
6 Eddy Et., 18 and 19; Phone James 2771
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell st, cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second st. ; great bargain; price
$225.
21 rooms on Eddy st.; great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter St.; price $800.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold in our
office under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our office. 993 Market
st.. rooms 1 and 2. McBRIDE & CO., Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices. .
OWNERS — To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale of your house send for or call on
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
COMPLETE furnishings of 6 rooms: must be
Bold; price $125; terms £>0 cash, balance pay-
ments. Call to-day.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St.. opposite Mason.
$1000—23 ROOMS; rent $65; $750 cash; clears $65
DECK & CO., 927 Market st.. room 20S.
SEE this house; it Is a bargain; rent 40; $?00-
can remain: clears $50. DECK & CO., 927
Market St., room 208.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses.
• hotels and business -chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market st ;
phone Folsom 1592.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market St.
HELP WAXTWH— FRM ALB—- Cnw.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 32^,
Fremont «.; good wages; n ° "P^ience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAWS.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sta. * __
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks: manicur-
ing & facial massage included; course $;>; po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College. 233 Geary St.. room U.
WANTED — Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also operator on women s waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROS., 1212-1214
Market st. " .
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts:
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie St.. Sth floor.
PROTESTANT girl; light housework: small
washing; wages $15. Apply 432 Fair Oaks st.
"WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
NEAT, reliable girl; German preferred; house-
work; small family; refs.; J20. 851 Fulton st.
WANTED— Women" for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St. _^ i
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
I 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. %\ per year.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. > ;
HELP WASTED — MAX^E.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 a. m. TO-DAY •••
FREE UKIAH FREE
C. N. W R. R.
..SANTA FE R. R.
UKIAH :
50 teamsters, Ukiah ......free fare
50 laborers, Ukiah free fare
50 steel and ballast men, Ukiah free faro
........SANTA FE, CO.'S OWN WORK
Carload of laborers; no experience required;
on all divisions of Santa Fe R. R. ••
' tl 75 day SHIP TO-DAY
FREE FREE FREE
MECHANICAL HELP
2 carpenters, near city .....". $3 day
: Blacksmith, drayage company, city. ..$3 day
Horseshoer. drayage company, city... $3 day
Carpenter, mining company 175
Boilermaker, mining company $3 60 day
Blacksmith, shop near city ?43 and found
• Bench hand, country $3 day
Furnace man, blacksmith helper; ranch;
hoisting and stationary engineer
MISCELLANEOUS
5 laborers to clear land, Napa Co.. $30 & fd
2 rockmen, San Mateo County $60
10 muckers, mining company $75
Band saw filer, sawmill company $100
Dogger, sawmill company $40 and found
10 two and 4 horse teamsters.. $2 and $2 23 day.
I Horse clipper 3 stablemen
15 farm and ranch hands $28 and $30
5 men to work In packing house $30
Handy man, country furniture store.. $2 day
Foreman, for a small ranch, who under-
stands machinery, etc
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ,...
Laundry man. country hotel $35
Marker, laundry, city $35 and found
Butcher, drive wagon, married; sausage
maker, country shop; young man to drive
butcher wagon
12 cooks, different p'aces..$50. $45. $40 and $S5
14 -waiters, $30; 3 waiters, same hotel, south,
see boss here; 14 kitchen hands, dishwash-
ers, etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Free Fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $1 75 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers $2 to $2 50 a day
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work $1 75 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily...;. Free Fare
....FOR RAILROAD COMPANY WORK....
10 carpenters $3 50 a day
10 laborers * $175 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
6 house carpenters, country, $3 50 a day; 2
milkers, Mendocino County, $30; blacksmith,
city, $3 50 a day; ranch blacksmith. $30, see
boss here »
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German butcher, country shop. $35 to $40;
French or Italian second cook. $60; 2 waiters,
country hotel, south, $22 50; 3 porters, hotel.
$20 to $25; Tyler ironer, country laundry, $12
a week: marker, $30 to $33
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
FOR UKIAH ..:
FOR C. N. W. RY
20 tracklayers $2 a day
10 laborers for steel gang $2 a day
50 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
FOR SANTA FE R. R
50 men to ballast track $1 75 per day
Carload of laborers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
(No office fee for above carload)
Come and take advantage of our two-third
rate to Redding. We charter a car that leaves
here Tuesday
10 carpenters, country, $3 50 per day, half
fare advanced
Man to dig potatoes $1 per day and board
Strong boy to drive wagon $15 per month
BUGGY washer. $55; man about place, $30 and
found; man for wood and coal yard, $2 day:
fruit Deddler, S5c day; choreman, $15 and
found; woodworker, $45 to $50 and board;
man to wash bottles and work about milk
d^pot; screwturner for mill, $45 and board;
carpenters; carpenters' helpers; 2 slack work
coooers, *33 and found; laborers for mill
yard, $26 and $30; teamsters for country. $2 25
day, and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook. $50: boardlnK-house cook. $40;
cook and wife for country hotel. $70: restau-
rant and hotel waiters; cook for laborers.,
$45; Dorters, bellboys, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A — WANTED — Young man as clerk in archi-
tect's office, must be good Denman, kee»>
plain accounts and have knowledge or tas:i
for drawing, salary $45 per month; salesman
for country store, $50 to $60 per month. W.
D. .EWER tz. CO... 610 Clay st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay St.—
Driver for milk wagon. $60; man to raise
hogs, $30 and fd. ; 3 laborers for factory. $1 50
a day; marker for laundry, $35; German beer
drawer, $40; dishwasher, country hotel. $20;
boy for ranch, near city, $15: stableman for
s~ milk depot. $20: porter for lodging-house, $30;
Italian waiter, city.
A MAN for porter work in rooming-house; $35
and room. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery.room 12.
Har man. $50; marker for country laundry.
?2 50 day; 3 colored waiters, $30, steady.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room. 207.
I. LESS, eecretarj-; telephone Jessie 1176.
MASTER Barbers' Association will meet to-
night at 102 O'Farrell St., 9 o'clock. S. HEL-
LER, Secretary M. B. A. of San Francisco.
WANTED — Steady, sober German as driver for
baker wagon, on "Western Addition route;
must have sufficient experience and refer-
ences; good wages; state former employment.
Box 1341. Call office.
WANTED— A steady, active man. with $i00 for
a plain light business; will pay $65 a month;
experience not required; steady place. Apply
1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED— A strong errand boy who knows
the city well. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO..
corner Geary st. and Grant ave.
EXPERIENCED porter for saloon. Apply at
90 Third St., .between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Barber; steady. 1357 Dupont St.
BARBERS— Good 3-chair for sale. Box 1337,
Call office
BARBER wanted. 2S37 Greenwich St.
BARBER shop for sale; good country town, nr
city; good reason, inquire 225 s /4 Montgomery.
GOOD boy, learn printing business; $3 week
first year. Young Folks Weekly, 516 Commercl.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker »to work inside by
week.. Rosenblum & Abraham, 1103 Market.
WANTED— A good baker's helper. At 1708
Church «t:
YOUNG butcher wanted. 342 Devisadero st
near Oak. .
TWO compositors on weekly. Apply between 8
and 9 a. m. 1519^ Polk St.. near Sacramento.
BOY wanted to feed printing press. 306 Cali-
fornia st.
TAILORS— First-class ladies' tailor wanted fo-
the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.
STRONG German boy for delivery wagon. Ad-
' ply 57-39 Union square. • • v
BOOK-BINDEK and stock cutter. GABRIEL
419 Sacrarr.ento st.
WAITER wdnted; must do all-round work. 37
Eddy st.
BOY about 17 years to learn glove flnishine
CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market s n t nlsnms -
WANTED-Walter for 2 hourlTvery night and
all day Sundays. Ill Larkln st.
WANTED— Bright errand boy about 15 years.
DANZIGER. 237 Powell st. a ™ ul " yea rs-
WANTED-Good general blacksmith. Apply
to J. O SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED— Sober, reliable youns man with
some cash; *eo month: no exparlence neces-
sary; close Sundays. 1221. Market \u25a0\u25ba r 1.
HELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
"WANTED— Errand boy for flower store. Ap-
ply at 317 Satter st.
"WANTED— A blacksmith's helper on carriage*
and waeoES. 1507 California st.
EXPERIENCED waiter for bakerr and coffee
saloon, njj Seamy st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; S oo t~.?* 8 ,<:* fo *
sober, steady man; come early. 21», Fillmore.
"WANTED— Boy at 31 Market st.
BOYS wanted. Ill Clay st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 200^a Turk st.
BOY for stable work and milk wagon. -C3
Connecticut st. ; Eighth-st. cars.
"WANTED— Blacksmith's helper at 437 Fran-
cisco St., between Powell and Mason.
NOX-TJXIOX horseshoer. 203 Front st.
2 LUNCH waiters wanted. Pearl and Beach
streets.
BARBER shop: near-by town; well populated;
doing good business; can be bought at low
price. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Jc
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. l3t and 2d sts.
WASTED — Cook at Manhattan House. 823
Battery st.
-WANTED— Young man for delivery waybill
clerk; must be well acquainted with location
of streets. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m..
HALE BROS.' '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'-
COATMAKERS and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BKOS. & CO.. 24
Sutter st. \u25a0 .
EXPERIENCED boilermakers wanted by th»
RISDON IRON "WORKS of San Francisco;
also blacksmiths, capable of working under
steam hammer, ship and machine forgings;
$3 50 a day and steady employment. Apply
at oai-e of company, Beale and Howard sUk,
San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply oa
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 2S Montgomery St.. room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed:
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay et.
WANTED— Boys and young men to learn to
operate sewing machines at Greenebaum,
Well & Michel's factory, 531 Mission st.
WANTED— A competent and experienced dyer
and cleaner. Address, with recommendations.
Model Steam Laundry, Seattle. Wash.
FITTERS for architectural iron work. Iron
stairs, etc.; also strong, intelligent boys. 13
to 20, to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS dyer and cleaner wanted at
once. Pioneer Dye Works. A. C. JACOBSON.
Bakersfleld. Cal.
"WANTED— Iron molders and machinists, at
S05 Mission st.
ELDERLY man who understands nursery
work and florist business. Call 500 Haight.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts of;
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phela.i
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms. 23c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9S
Valencia st.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
— \u25a0" *~^^—^ — —^^ — "~ \u25a0 '
HORSES AXD AVAGOXS.
DO not fall to attend the sDecial auction sal*
"Wednesday October 23. at 11 a. m.. at tha
Arcade Horse Market. 337 Sixth st- JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke Genran
army horses, suitable for all businesa pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market *t.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. ,35 Pore St.. 3. F.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 7:' Howard st.
A BARGAIN in Rood carriajre, saddle. buslnes3
and road ncrses. DALZIEL, 6C5 G. G. t>ve.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING.
, 1942 Union st.
ONE second-hand express wagon; also one
light business wagon. 1370 Turk St.
CHEAP— Now panel body delivery. 1 laundry, t
' baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
ALL kind3 of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mis-sion st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: rIso light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. "S. F. Vet.
Cnl.. 510 G. G. av».. Dr. E. J. Creely, dean.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St., S. F.
HOUSES TO LET. *
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— An elegantly furnished 9-room
house: reasonable: no small children; call
mornings bet. 10 and 12. 142S Fulton st.
$1& -6-ROOMS; near Powell and Washington,
or will sell: $500 cash, balance $25 per month
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
EIGHT-ROOM house, on Sutter St.. to let; fur-
niture for sale. Call at 26 O'Farrell St., r. 2.
PRESIDIO Heights— 9 rooms and bath; rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— Furnished house about 8 rooms,
bath, garden, yard, dry cellar, marine view;
on or near car line; between Jones and
Steiner. California and Vallejo ats. ; thre«
adults. Address B. Call branch ofnee. 2200
Flllmore st.
LOST AND POITXD.
LOST— On Friday, October 18. 1901. a turquoise.
surrounded by diamonds, in the form of a
brooch. Suitable reward at 2125 Jackson st.
LOST— On Sunday. 20th Inst.. at Fairfax, or la
train from Fairfax to Sausallto. one leather
tramping bag. A suitable reward will be paid
for return of same to A. W. F.. 202«5ansome
street.
FRONT elevation and basement plans; fair
reward. Owner, 805 Treat ave.
LOST — Gold nose glasses and chain; reward.
627 GuerreVo st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel bitch, 8 months
old; reward. 720 Market st.
LOST— Fox terrier dog; tag 3642. Return to 68
Minna st.
LOST— At Shell Mound Park, Sunday, a gold
watch; Inside case words "Willie to Sarah."
1051 Mission St.; liberal reward, as prized as
death gift.
LOST — Pocketbook containing currency, a note
and railroad pass; liberal reward to finder.
F. W. KELLEY, 36 Geary st
LOST— Gold quartz chain. Finder will be liber-
ally rewarded by returning to IS Devlsaderow
f IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 223 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES ASD PIL.L.OWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
ttery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
1 anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 413 Powell tt.;
t«l. Bush 4M. .
UPHOLSTERY and mattress work done In th«
houses by the day or Job. P. JOLY, 257 Ste-
venson st.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and Id
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
. been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located al
, 122S Market: maternity home provided; offlc*
I hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m* and 6 to 8"30 p m>SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— General Jamea F.
Smith, who recently returned home after
winning honors in the Philippines, will be
tendered a reception in Santa Clara Col
lege next Wednesday. He is a graduate
of the college and a large number of the
alumni will be present to greet him on
the visit to his alma mater. The college
band will meet General Smith at the de
pot and escort him to the collese. At
noon there \u25a0will be a banquet and the af
ternoon will be devoted to games and
music. In the evening he will be ten
dered a public reception, at which he will
deliver an address.
Reception to General Smith.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— Not since the boom
of 1SS7 has there been such a demand for
real estate — both city and country — as at
the present time. Besides a bigr influx of
purchasers, the many real estate firms are
receiving inquiries by mail from all over
the United States. In the last month one
firm alone has received 3000 letters from
persons who are desirous of coming to *
California as a result of Eastern adver
tising. The demand for city property is
excellent, and it is almost impossible to
find a suitable house to rent. Vineyard
and orchard homes are sought by East
erners, and many sales have recently been
made. Most of the inquiries are from per
sons in comfortable circumstances, who
desire homes here because of educational .
and climatic conditions. As soon a3 the
full passenger service is resumed on the
coast line again a big incoming of Eastern
tourists is expected.
Boom in San Jose Beal Estate.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 21.— H. G. MacCormack,
after a service of thirty-seven years in
the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company, has resigned the position of
yardmaster In this city. He has been suc
ceeded by T. G. Akers of Truckee, whose
new title will be that of trainmaster. For
many years MacCormack has had charge
of both the bread-gauge and narrow
gauge yards here. MacCormack ranks
among the veterans In the employ of the
railroad company. Most of the thirty-
Eeven years spent in the railroad's service
has been on the coast division, and tie
has seen the train service between San
Francisco and San Jose grow from two
small trains each day to its present vol
ume, when more than twenty-five trains
enter and depart from the city every day.
After a rest. MacCormack will be given
an easier berth somewhere on the coast
division.
.Veteran Yardmaster Retires.
SAX JOSK. Oct. 21.— The Boafd of Su
pervisors of Santa Clara County -will aid
In every way possible to obtain an exten
sion of the Chinese exclusion act, and has
employed P. H. Kewberry to search tho
county records for a report on the crimes
of Chinese. This action is taken at the
request of Congressman Woods and the
staMstics will be sent to him to use in
the fight in CongTess that it la feared will
arise over an extension of the measure.
All Justice and Superior Court records will
be searched for ten years back. As th«
present law expires in May. no time will
be lost in obtaining the information. The
records will display some startling figures,
as Chinese murders have been especially
numerous here, and about ope-half of th»
crimes committed in the can ba
traced to Chinese.
TAKES TJP THE FIGHT
AGAINST EXCLUSION
Santa Clara'3 Supervisors Will Sup
ply Congressman Woods With
Information.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
F Powell, Eureka C Deshohope. Montreal
A Ellis & w, N Y PC Wittington & w.
Miss G Fleury, N Y Seattle
Miss V Hawkins. N Y H Sparks, USA
A Atkinson, Conn V Grant. Arizona
R J Lane, Conn J M Williams & w, Cal
H Newbrook. NY |L S Carruth & w. Cal
T M Campbell. Texada G J Gallaher. Rd Bluff
A Campbell, Texada ID D Price. Ferndale
J3 D Miner & w. Wash O P Reeder. USA
W L McHenry. Wash M Fenton. Santa Rosa
Louis Miss H E Manchester.
Miss Tousley, Phila Buffalo
.Mrs Rew, England Miss GraceManchester,
Miss Rew, England Buffalo
Mrs D Van Denbergh, D D Streeter. Mich
Los Gates C N Proctor. Boston
Miss Van Denbergh.Cal L Seminarlo, Ecuador
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
E M Leon, San Joae D M Sawyer & w, NY
A J Hart, San Jose Mrs J W Mitchell. Cal
E C Earll, San Mateo J F Peters. Stockton
P W Morse. Watsonvl'C E Baer, Bakersfleld
H Z Osborne, Los AngG Wllcox, Los Angeles
W S CHnntngham, Cal Garcia Cross, Buffalo
Mrs. J C Noyes, Napa G Funge. Buffalo
H Phipps & w, L03 A A H Atherton. Boston
H A Keller. Redding J F Davis. Jackson
Mr Kenworthy&w.EngE H Benjamin. Oaklnd
F J Lendrum. London A W Simpson Jr. Cal
W C Rajston & w, Cal Mrs C M Hunter. Cai
W B Gilbert. Portland Era Chinn. Boston
5T Flint Jr, San Juan A Stieglltz. N Y
J F More, Cal H Wilson. Beetle
M Arbuckle. NY FA Webb. Stockton
Mrs W H Blodgett. St'M Tirrell. Stockton
Louis |F Corbin & w. Colo
The Misses Blodgett,St|P Hoefel. St Louis
Mrs G K Ryder. SactolW Brinck & w, Cal
E Mehesy Jr, Sit Lake A Monetti, Modesto
E Freund, Crockett A J Larson, Lodl
E B Waterman. Cal J S Guttmann. Sacto
A H Hart. NY W G Lorlgan. Sn Jos»
H H Davis & fm. Cal J MacKenzie. Sn Jose
W L Cooper, Saginaw IH Murray. Alaska
L A Mclntosh. Chico !J M Mason, Chicago
Mrs B M Fay. EnglndH E Jones. WatsonvU
O H P Noyes. Englnd.G Brown. Colusa
Miss M Barnesburg.OrlM L Hunt. Cal
M E Dittman. Reddng F Bradley. Martine*
W H Heath, Manila jJ B Casaday, Colo
O Scribner, Bakersfleld G F Harbaugh. Co!r»
G H Stewart. Ls An?jW L Welcker & w.
S A Mclntosh & w.Cal! Tennessee
E A Clark & w, Portld Miss A Welcker, Tenn
Mrs R B Miner, Tex |W Proudfort. USA
Mis3 Houston, Tex J R Snook. Sacto
W S Little, Boston T W O'Nell. Sacto
J O Hestwood. Sn Jose E Yates & w. Napa
E A Forbes. Marysvill.Miss A G Eakle. Cal
P M Wilkenson. Cal |G H Peck & w. Cal
F N Westcott, Syracus J Tonkey, Sacto
H Morris, Fresno ':j B Gillespie, Phoenix
W T Sesser. Mich IE J Hennessey. Napa
JV A Johnson. Cal |T J Nichols. Auburn
W C Green, Georjretwn (1 \V Koenig. Boston
Dr F E Rayner, Cal il) I« Miller & w, Cal
H Brinck & w, Cal Iw H Julian, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
13
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA~" VISTA' ave., 449, overlooking Golden
Gate Park and ocean, near Masonic ave; and
Frederick— 5 rooms, parlor floor; also 3 other
rooms; private house; turn, or unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 3031—3 sunny rooms furnished
_£ or light housekeeping ; no_ children. -
EIGHTH, 112—2 lovely sunny bay-window un- i
furnished double parlors; also others. i
ELEVENTH, 225, near Howard— 1 unfurnished
room for light housekeeping. • . . .
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; a.lso single, $4, $5 and up.
FIRST 230, and 3 Tehama, same building— 4
rooms each for housekeeping; rent cheap.
GEARY, 2221—3 or 4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny .modern parlor; gas range;
phone; ga3; bath; complete housekeeping; J15.
HOWARD 23S1— 3 well-furnished rooms, $12 for
2 adults; 4, $15; yard, bath, etc.
LARKIN, 819% — Sunny front alcove rooms;
light housekeeping; gas, bath, phone. "
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
front and back parlors; gas stove; housekpg.
PAGE, 113S— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, bath, closets, pantry, etc.
PINE, 2812—2 sunny furnished rooms; use of
kitchen, bath and laundry; cheap.
POLK,. 615 — One clean sunny housekeeping
room; gas stove, bath; $10.
POLK 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicelv furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. '
THIRD,' 419— Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms.
THE PIEDMONT, 113A Sixth— 4 connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 12S— 2 or 3 sunny furnished bay-
window rooms, kitchen and large porch. -.
VAN NESS ave., S07— Handsomely furnished
sunny parlors with housekeeping privgeges.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAUister-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated ; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
" furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH. 126B— Pleasant furnished front room,
suitable for man and wife; references re-
quired.
EIGHTEENTH, 3552, between Valencia and
Guerrero— Single furnished room to let.
ELLIS* 310— Newly furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 922— Nicely furnished room with private
bath 'attached.
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell — New House, fireproof,
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; baths free; first-class.
FOLSOM. 743— A large, sunny parlor suitable
for two gentlemen, $10; a small, sunny
room, rent $4.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice front . room suitable for
two; also single rooms. .
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Tayloi'.
FURNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
ot., near Fourth.
GEARY, 405, The Na\»rre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1101 (The Martinet)— 2 very desirable,
handsomely furnished suites; modern conven-
iences; everything new; prices moderate.
GOLDEN GATE, 1521— Three large unfurnished
rooms; also two rooms in rear.
HARRISON, 7S4VS, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all latest conveni-
ences; homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
5Cc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take .Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JONES. 919A — Nicely furnished, sunny room;
private family; for gentleman.
JONES, 923— Elegant 6unny. rooms; also .beau-
tlful corner suite; single rooms. . . -.
LARKIN, 706— Small, sunny front room; $125
per week; private family.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front rooms, nicely fur-
nished; single or double; suitable for gents;
$7 and $S. '
MINNA. €67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 930V2 (Laurel House)— Rooms to let;
locked door; no transient. •_
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children. .
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
1 offices; elevator; ejec. lights; day, week, mo.
POWELL, 903— Furnished or unrurnished front
alcove; sunny; marine view; suitable 2 gents.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms Ayjth hot and cold water; baths.
SHERM/*^ Vpartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near 1 —Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— A nice, sunny .suite; also
single rooms; neat, clean and cheap; bath; tel. f
TAYLOR, 106— Nice rooms; $1 50 up.
$1 WEEK; large sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private; call by 8 p. m. 834 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements .and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at ! 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class"; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Bt., near Leavenworth.
• , >
HARRISON, 74S— Lady would like ; gentle-
men to board and room, $4 per week; nicely
furnished bay-window room, with piano,
suitable for two gents, $10, without board,
and $4 with board; homelike. -
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave. .,
SUNNY front parlor suite, with good board for
4. In private family; $18; telephone. 516 Jones.
TWENTY-SI^TH, 3316— Nicely furnished rooms
without or without board.
CAPP. £33— Large sunny room, suitable for 2,
with board. In private family.
WANTED— A few. first-class boarders; refer-
ences given and required. Box 1209, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 <or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 7SlVsutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. £05 (Johnson House) — Exception-
ally fur, suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
ROOMS WANTED.
in' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'- .ii^-.i-i I....... \u25a0. . n.i-n-,, ,-,.-, -,.r. -1. ,
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st. Box
662. Call. t - .'
HOUSEKEEPING . room where baby can bo
cared for during day. Box 1324, Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM. 1203
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our now double lever rupture holder.
. SPECIAL. NOTICES. ~ ~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collactlons made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best in. America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.'
SEWIKG MACHIKES -AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and ; repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, ; 1915 . Mission, nr. ; 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 43. 145 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
_\u25a0\u25a0_'\u25a0*[ '\u25a0 -. : - TO LEASE.' ,:\u25a0
CORNER lot, 187:6x137:6 feet, SE. corner Beach
. and Taylor sts.. North \u25a0 Beach, near seawall.
Apply \u25a0 owner, 310 Ellis - st. • \u25a0 '\u25a0'***.
\u25a0 - .- • . . - •- ' '
( SrnniCAL Continued. j
X— Mrs. Sw?et. graduate Royal University. Bcr- i
1:::; 2."> yttxt' experience in midwifery cases; 1
utjuoet contiience can bo placed in her; takes i
ft ive?.:- art;«>s before & durir.g confinement: i
1-ct care, attention; confinement S15; board J4 '
week: infants adopted. 3S27 ISth st. ; Mist-ion- j
rt. oa:>: consultation Use; phcae Capp 2S<J3. !
TTliS. 1>. TTKTH and Sirs. KcM. rellabl-j !
ladies' ppfrtfil1«t« fof ferrtale complaints; in- j
;ia:!t relief guaranteed; SO years' experience; .'
private boot before ar.il durins confinement i
i> o'Far.-e'.l s=t.. near Taylor. ;
U'.NrOOH :RB AND lins. DAVIES" original I
method of. treatment; maternity hom»: home I
:m L-cr.ftn<ment. 1126 Market et.. S. F. j
JTk^. O. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable la- i
<".ies" specialist: s priv. home before Hnd dur- j
:np confirement: best medical care; low fees, j
MRS. DR. GOODWIN", the eminent ladies' spe- '
cis'.iFt. hiis returned from Euroj>e; most rnod-
frn methods; 25 years' experience In S. F •
fuarantet-s to cure all female trouble; mater'
:-.:ty hospital: fee low. SitS Market St., opp. 4th. -
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st o-mT
T'nlcn sr.uarp; all cjyeases cured by herbs." "
MISCELLA\EOIS FOR SALE.
bolLERS. engines, 2d-hand machinery" MeT
J, NTOSH & WOLPMAN. U'5-197 Fremont st.
ft^AKS, ba:k bars, mirror*, restaurant and po-
"^ ker tabks. ljarroom chairs, linoleum, new and
t-cend h.md; we always have a large stock of
tnlcon outf.ts on Land; St compiett outfits en
one floor ready made; we can ehip everything
W v ;r. U hotrs. J. NOON AN, 1017. 101?. 1CSL 102S
~ Mission ;t.. above Sixth; write for catalogue
GOOP fir-wood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
Works, eor. Howard and Beale sts.
LOT rr.acr.lne shop tools, lathes, plansrs. shap-
ers. etc.: also wood -working tools, such as
bnr.d satvs, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
nurtisers, tawe, etc. J. B. JAKD1NK. 220
Fremont £t.
A— BUTE, cells cr rents pear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shalting. pulleys, !
\u25a0etc. WHITHLAW. 253-2S5 Spear Et.
SECOND-HAND 10C1 Cleveland, Stearns. Ram- j
Her, Snsll. chadless Spau-ding and cheaper I
wheels: closing out. C07 Mission tt.
HAND tironing machine and hand Fhaper
ruitab'e Jcr carpenter *hop: al^o No. 2
Hocker fttara pump. $13 Howard st.
F?U?T-CI*At:S second-hand modern engines and
boilers !>ought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.. I
J--17 Sterer.son Kt.. near First^ j
FINE fuits. S10: dress psius. $2 To. MISFIT I
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery tt. !
A— $3 r>0 DERBY and Fedora hat*. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 K>arny ft., near Pine, j
GAS engine; perfect condition: enly used few-
days. Consumers' Electrical Assn.. <"v4 Sutter.
V H. P. e:onomizer boiler with engine mounted.
all complete: ae KO'^d as new; $175. S16 Mission, j
CHEAP. 4 H. P. raeoline engine: 2 steam j
ptuape: sll kinds tools. L. Bparbcr, 546 Mission, j
NEW furniture 01 6 rooms: nice goods; sacri- |
need. 124 Twelfth *=t- Oakland.
jT^; OH sal«— A fresh Jersey cow. 4150 Seven-
U-ciuh i.t.
BAR ouilits, sho-n-cas»s; all lengths and sizes.
_JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission St.
PHOTO 9%i£txi-T. list No. 17 new ready for
rr.ailins- U9 Montgomery it.
OFFER \."ar.ted on saiail stock millinery. Ad-
dress i23 E. Eleventh st.. East Oakland.
LARGE vEu:t front; also large fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO.. 42 Main st.
CASH register i Hallwood > ; brand new. $53; re-
duct i o n . !I^\AL]LEN^202jC^lifornia_£t 1^
BIG prices paid for sealskin*, full dress & Tux-
edo suiis Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stoclt.
HAKEIl & HAMILTON. '-
JEWELRY for eale and made to order. T.
FEP.SHTAND. 126 Kearey St., room 29.
MAGIC lantemg. new ar.d 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. CULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE enginee, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
ar.d launches. J. E. DOAK. oil Mission Bt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-123 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BUEKE, 123 Bea'.e St.
FAIRBANKS' 10-tcn hay scale; jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California et.
CHEAPEST erd best in America— The Weekly
Cell. If pages, tent to any address in Hhe
Vnited Sriistes or Canada one j;ear for H,
I'CFtsge paid.
* MISCKLLAXEOIS WAXTS.
WAKTB3 — *i-inch and 1-inch water pipe; sec-
ond-harid; 100 to TOO feet of each: state quan-
tity and price. Box 1317. Call office.
WANTED Second-hand upright piano for
cfcsfc. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market St..
TEUTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXKYJTO LOAN'-
AA^ SlA^niATTASrXo AjfcOMPAX y"
1300,000 at «i per cent in Eums to Buit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
en ur.s ;ttled estates, undivided interests ia
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024 MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker bide.
ANT AMOUNT 'AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second end third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In- probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Oet my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
21 Montgomery st., room 3
$250.000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or eecond mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided In-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class rinch property; will loan as high as 75
per cert of real value. W. L. HARPER. 297
Parroti: building.
ANY preposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
cecond and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
lntereFis. •securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
let flocr. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
H ERMAS MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner 'bunding—
JS.OOO.OUO at fi% or less in large sums; loans
en eeond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all eorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
fct* Hi:P.MAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY prapoeitioc; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building:, 20G Kearny Bt., room .414.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and seaisltins at lowest rate of interest.
i Grant ave., near Market St.; tel. Black 6471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
«.; te!. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
5; city or farm property; long time; state
amoun: desired and location of property. P.
O. box lt.73.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Ottrj tt.; phone P.ed 1602.
ON reakestate, let or 2nd mortp-a^es and on fur-
niture 3r pianos without removal; any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
$000,000 aT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out inoorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 608 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conserxatory bldg., SOI Jones.
rON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; priv. Onnsby, 26 Montg.,ofnce 7.
ON EALARIES without indorser; other prcpo-
eitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 113 Phelan b.
iVo on furniture and pianos: $15 up; do removal;
no corr.missfon ; private. Room 81. C Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commfci. ; confidential. Vihltehead. 1706 Market.
CN furniture pianos; lowest Tate; no removal;
_j;trictl> private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
tlWr. sny security. 202 Montgomery St.. r. L
IF you 'vant a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sangpme st.
THE TDrSLEY Company; Iomis and dls-
counts. Z21 Parrott building. * '
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 209 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPKST and best In America— The -Weekly
Call. 15 pages, cent to any address In the
rnitf-d States or Canada one year for tl.
. 8ILSICAIL IXSTRUBIEXTS.
AGAIN ,ve remind you that our piano stock,
both n'.'w and second hand, is the largest
\u25a0ttt of Chicago and includes the most re-
/ liable makers lo choose from. New pianos
i *f'ld ijion tasy payments of J6 per month;
""• »rar p<»cd pianos for S3. S4 and %~> per month.
\ SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
'firner Kearny and Sutt«r sts.. San Fran-
fisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth tt.,
_Otklard.
A NEARLY new piano, pianola and muFlc for )
«=»le: <*>tt $X0; bargain; party going away. I
a: Gew Et. . 1
URAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAJuS.
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st. \u25a0 N. .
CHEAP LOTS IN WESTERN ADDITION.
*1GUO— Pierce st.; ««»:Cxlo0; tine location.
$3600— Fell st. boulevard lot; 25x100.
J32oO— Oak st.; 23x137:6; street work all done.
$3250— Webster St.; 23x78; fine site for flats.
$3200— Devisadero st.; 25x125.
J3125— Page st., near Webster; 23x137:6. v
*30<Ji>— Union and Broderick sts.; corner.
$3000— Devisadero st., near Eddy.'
$3000— Union st., near Van Ness ave.; corner.
*2SC0— Fillmcre st. corner: 35x100.
$2600 — Oak st., facing Panhandle; street work
all done: 25x137:0.
?23C0— Pierce Et. ; 25xS3; very cheap.
$2300— Vallejo st, near Broderick; 50x137:6.
' J2250— Oak st., facing Panhandle; 25x137:6.
$20C0 — Buena Vista ave.: 25x125; fine view.
S2000— Greenwich et.: 37:6xl27:C. •
\u25a0 5200*— Fillmore St.; 24x100. \u25a0 • •
?1730— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$17c0— Union st., near Van Ness ave.; 25x117. !
$1600— Fulton St., facing Park; 23x137:6.
$1400 — Union St., near Gough; 25x137:6.
$1250— Filbert st.; 25x137:6; street bituminized.
$i»50— Lombard st., north side; street work
done; runs to rear street.
$100— Lombard st. ; 25x137:6; street work done.
$S0O— South Broderick st. ; 25x120.
$f.00— Epstein st., in Flint tract; 70- foot front
by E3 feet deep. - : \
THOMAS MAGEE"& SONS,
Real Estate Airents,
5 Montgomery st. j
FIRST-CLASS residence with good-sized lot
and in perfect condition wanted to purchase
in the Western Addition: must have all th«J
modern improvements. Call on XV. J. GUNN.
530 California st. \u25a0 \u25a0 !
A RESIDENCE to cost about $4000 wanted to
purchase in the Mission or Western Addition.
I on or near to a car line; must be modern
built and in good condition. XV. J. GUNN,
530 California st. r
A CORNER property wanted to purchase on
Mission or Valencia sts. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
WANTED to purchase two or four flats that
are in first-class condition and modern:
either in Mission or Western Addition. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California St.
THE undersigned wants to purchase a* lot lm- -
proved or unimoroved on Valencia, -Mission,
Howard or Folsom. XV. J.GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia st.
FOR sale— Fine business corner lot 37^x100;
I stone curbed and street in order; no more
street expense; at a bargain. Apply at 14
McAllister St., room 16.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near .Pescadero,
\u25a0 for sale; 300 acres, mostly redwood and ta.n
i oak; 1000 fruit trees in full bearing, prin-
cipally late apples; no frost; can raise pota-
toes all the year round; lovely view; owner
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J.
EVANS, Pescadero, San Mateo County.
'\u25a0 FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts, |t>0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma,' Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is grtowlng rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
10- ACRE bearing orchard and poultry ranch;
mile from Hay wards; with new, modern £>-
room house, barns, stock and farming im-
plements. Box 1231, Call office.
A— IF you want to buy, "sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket st., S. F., office near Call big.
$2300— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cai.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 story house in good condi-
tion in flats or suitable^ for flats. Address
MRS. E. C. 1518 Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS.
In Improved and unimproved property in Ala-
meda.
Cottage, $3000, reduced to $2130.
Cottage, 6 rooms, $3250; price reduced to $2350.
Cottage of eight rooms, $3500, $2350.
Two-stcry 8-room house, new, $4500, reduced to
?3000.
Two-story. 9 rooms, all modern improvements;
on Clinton ave. ; lot 50x150; offered for $1750.
A few of our cheap lots are still unsold,
price from $150 to $.250, and must be sold regard-
less of cost.
E. J. JUDD COMPANY,
' \u25a0 1424 Park st.
A RARE opportunity; for sale or lease; one of
the prettiest homes In Alameda; house and
stable built one year; lot 75x175; house of 8
rooms; splendidly finished with 2 -tiled baths.
Call morniners. 1004 Grand st., corner San
Jose ave., Morton st. station, narrow-gauge.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M cash. Bank of Ala.
CHEAPES.T and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. __^
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WILL THrS TEMPT YOU? ~~~
$3000 will buy a fine two-story house and
lot, near the station on the sunny- side of
the street; street work all done; to any one
buying this property during the coming
week I will give as a bonus a fine corner
lot, 60x100, adjoining the above; mind you,
there is no mistake, will give you the lot
free if you buy the house and lot Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P. O., Berkeley
• station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JSOO— PLAIN but cozy cottage of five rooms in
good condition; sunny side; close to San Pab-
lo ave. electric cars; street work all done;
insured for $SU0; policy paid for three years
in advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $.8 to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises.
GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
52250 — A VERY neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and barn; lot
40x137:6%; two years old; elegant view of the
lake; see photo at office.
GEO. AV. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
?2500— A BANK SALE-J2500. ~~ '
$100 down and easy monthly' payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new, modern colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation-
with folding doors and sanitary plumbing;
lot 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with
nice open lawn; stone walks and all street
improvements; insured for $2000 and all In
fine condition: electric cars in front; handy to
Adeline-st. station; location very desirable-
near schools and churches; liberal discount
for all cash.
GEO: W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland. •
$3000— COST TO DUPLICATE $4000.
New 7-room house; cement basement; the
latest In design and finish; nickel and open
plumbing; choice neighborhood; improve-
ments opposite .cost $16,000; 3 blocks to local
station; owner non-resident; house must be
sold; positively the finest property for the
money ever offered for sale in Oakland; call
early or you may lose an opportunity.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
. , 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3000— CHOICE new story and a half house;
six rooms; basement; in fact, an ideal beauty
in location and architectural finish; lot is
high and sightly; near Senator Perkins 1 house
on VeiTion Heights; owner compelled to sell;
no reasonable offer refused; space too limited
to extol its charming qualities; seeing is be- ',
lievlng; call early.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. .
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS-COST ?350o!
I am instructed to sell without reserve a 6-
1 room two-story HoTise with all the latest con-
veniences to the highest bidder this week; -I
think $2600 .will buy the property; It is a
forced eale; space too expensive to enumer-
ate its many good qualities; lot 50x140;- con-
venient to cars,, schools and business center;
owner must sell. J. S.MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$d CASH, $2 60 monthly; 2 lots, 25x236; price
$33 each. - . \
~ $20 cash. J5 monthly; lot 100x100; price' $250
in all. •• - \u25a0 - \u25a0
$30 cash, $5 monthly; 4 lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price $300.
$75 catsh, $7 50 monthly; 8 lota, 100x200; fine
oaks and laurel trees; price $575.
$65 cash, ?10 monthly; 200x200; price ?SSS ••
' Jn all; fine soil; grand view, superb climate;
near electric car line; fine school; building up
. rapidly with a. good class, of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; call
\u25a0 or send for circular. 455 Seventh st., opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free. H.
'A. JONES, owner. Q_
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
J)AJ^A\DXHJR\ITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa," tb©
furniture dgale*. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
-__Jliil^l£jll'_ . 1XS TKIIMRNTS Cow.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS- |
fcocond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
sv-tciu-hanJ Eouare cianos from $50 up.'
organs from $2~> up; new up-
«Eht uianos from $175 up. BEXJ. CUKTAZ
fi BON. 15 to 20 OFarrell. Chlcksring. Ma-
_^ n and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
A REAL Ireat is in store for anv one who will
take the trouhle to call and hear the won-
derful Simplex piaao player as it ia exhibited
111 cur wa.reroor.is every day: it i3 the best 1
on the market. THE ZENO MAUVAIS ;
MUSIC CO.. 7G9 Market st.
ANY Biano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 yea>« and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
1'lano from us. KOHLER & .CHASE. 30
O'Karrell St.; established ISoflL
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Sleinway. $1S5 up; Fischer,
J100; Chickerlng, $1K; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; alsa fcteck,
oak ca?e; Hardman square. $15; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POXD and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIIVM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
piano? in storage to lie sold at Eastern fac-
tory pr4ces: Pecond-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 170C Market st.
HAXOS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Pteok Everett. Conover, Packard. Ludwig,
Uardrnan and many others: wholesale and re-
tail The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
S. F. ; (Kranch Store. S51 Broadway. Oakland).
A FACT worth remembering is thiF, you get
your money's worth when you buy a piano
from us: we sell th? famous Decker & Son
and Baumeister: cash or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
W \NTED— 5 square i>iano.<= and organ for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-10-12 Post.
A 2-PEDAL Steinway upright; as good as
I new; a sacrifice. IS. Turk st.
I PIANO, upright, nearly new, for sale cheap.
i 140 Minna st^
j BEAUTIFUL tone .upright piano; handsome
j cage; sacrifice account sickness. 5S5 Ellis St.
I PIANO, free; party will give use of piano to
rarty'who will try to sell it. R. 36. 217 Geary.
CARLOAD $400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN, 20S Post st.
$25— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
I upright, nearly new. ?»9. 217 Geary Et.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
I MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
j SOHMER, Byron M:uizy. Lester Hamilton,
I Splelmann pianos. SOS Post st.
?5.*,0 PIANO nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap,
j SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st ;
j LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $126;
! Ftcinway. ?165. 21" Geary St.. room 36. '
j ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hcrnung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shoningcr, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
•ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. SCO Hayes.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
ALL persons having claims against HENRY
MEYER, deceased, who kept- a grocery store,
corner Thirteenth and Mission sts., are noti-
fied to present them within thirty <iays from
date to me at 2C1S Fo'.pom st. Dated October,
1S01. PETER VqXDELER.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
ROOM, lipht. phone; suitable for designer or
card writer; $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
S2S PACIFIC and SIM Sansome st., 2 handsome
6tores. cheap.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51S Mission st.
. PALMISTRY.
H^JEROME^F'OSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561
PjUVTiSKS AAM UlSCUHATUKS.
jTcTrOMAINI;, «0 (L G. ave.; phone Polk 142?;
best quality work; rowest prices, get figures.
ROOMS papered $3 up; whitening done. HART-
MAN PAINT CO , tel. Red 3521. 319 Third st.
PERSONALS.
UCDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and' an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
6t., largest curio store In America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants 'for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on ln-
fctallir-ents, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket st,. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinu3 Med.
Co., 734 Valencia 6t. f S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
MAN and wife, exnerlenced nurses, want en-
gagements, city or country; epileptics a spe-
cialty; references furnished. MERIA1I, 229
Goioen Gate ave. •
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester '
Hotel, 44 'Tnird Et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to ?1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 35'JS
Eighteenth Et., corner Guerrero.
PASTRIES, pies, cakes and bread lessons giv«n
by an expert; private families, institutions,
hotels and restaurants; charges very moder-
ate. Eox 1315, Call office.
GOOD work and politeness is what you find at
Lederer's; halrdressing 25c; hair dyeing. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
MANICURING, shampooing, massaging, hair-
dressing at your home or office; send postal.
MABL.E L. MORRIS, 405 Leavenworth st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. removed
free for one week . by electric needle. DR.
LULA BROOKS, Mission and Sixteenth sts.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckelss
bldg.. rooms S23-324. S. F. : tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladies' fUor-made suits, coata.
silk waists, trimmed hate, skirts, etc.; weekly
ljayments. C. P. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Bt., near Broadway.
ADELIXA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; cr>me and see us. Bon-Ton. 324 Po3t.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna at.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205, Call.
A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair ani up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 252S. f
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for Jl per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny Bt.
TAILOR-MADE fuits, ?7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Earlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Nesg ave. .-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 25c: all druggists. { i
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
FLAKING A-\D TUItXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. S5 Fremont St.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DrTg C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102Ui Market ct.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-7G6 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
REAL E STATB—-CITY--FOIt _SAjLE.
FOR saie— At a great sacrifice, a 100-roomed
house paying SlSO per month: rent $65; price
$1400. 9'J3 Mai-Uet et., McBRID^ & CO.
J3.7) AND $200 .each. 2 sunny corner Mission
lots; frontage on 3 streets; cash or install-
ments. Apply SCO Jessie sL .;*•.);.
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and ja/d; knit cash. 3022 Pierce «L y
<Shanahan Florist Co*
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable .\
107 POWELL ST.n»rELL!S SSSf 505£
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
t-ion Et. ; tel. Howard 911. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmcre St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1810: shipping at cut rates.
TVl'EWKITEUS AXD SUPPLIES.
GR^ITlBARG^IN^TN^TYP^VRITEir&^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26S.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, Oct. 21, 1901.— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this" company held this day, a dividend* was
declared, payable on and after October 23,
1901. LOUIS WINMANN. Secretary.
\u25a0 '_ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
' St., San Francisco, Cal.. October 8. 1901.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Thursday. October 24, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cam-
paign Hats, Arctic Overshoes, Russet Shoes,
D. B. Cloth, S. B. Kersey. Quantities to be
subject to 20 per cent increase. If desired., by
this department. Bids will be opened for tha
delivery of the same articles at either the
\u25a0 Ean Francisco, Boston. Chicago and Phila-
delphia Depots. To. avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature of the articles to be
furnished, bidders, will carefully examine the
standard samples and specifications, so that
proposals may bo submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be insisted . upon in the inspec-
tion of. the goods. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids upon samples differing from s'tandard
and specifications, will under no circum-
stances be considered; proposals for less
quantity than advertised for will be enter-
tained. Bids for delivery or inspection at
other points than those named above will not
be considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state in their proposals the rate
• and time of delivery should contract be
. awarded to them, and -that no proposition
should be made which they are not positive
that they cap absolutely fulfill. The articles
advertised for are the same for which bids
will be opened at the other depots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including In
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed "Proposals No. 9036," and addressed
\ to Major C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, U.
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry Ryan, 25, San Jose, and Lela Gard.
22, Campbell.
Patrick J. Moore, 21, 1276 Folsom street, and
Margaret Curtis, 21, 1135 Folsom street.
G. • L. Friedrich Karr>e, 31, Hanover, Ger-
many, and Emma H. Rohte, 24, 13S8 Geary St.
John E. Medan. 21, 1222 Pine street, and "May
M. Lowell, 18. 2321 Central avenue.
Friedrich Siefert. 23, 1409 Montgomery street,
and Therese Frankle, 20, 1409 Montgomery st.
Archangelo Boccanegra, 31. 1409 Montgomery
street, and Elizabeth Hinz, 21, 1409 Montgom-
ery street.
Henry Dreyfus. 25, Vallejo, and Flora Ber-
nard, 22, 2503 Clay' street.
William Buchholz, 31, 619 Powell street, and
Clara Maas. 20, 342S Nineteenth street.
Lev! C. Mallett. 27, Vallejo, and Henrietta
J. Kendall, 22, Corte Madera.
Samuel A. Anderson, 27, Westport, Cal., and
Florence M. Taylor, 21, 1211 Eighth street.
Frank L. Messinie, 30, 521 Pacific street, and
Lizzie McGonigle, 15, 150 Tehama street.
Nelson Savage, 29, city, and Minnie J. Schar-
den, 25, city.
Clarence L. Mannon, 27, Eureka, Cal., "• and
Charlotte Welt, 23, 2S01B Mission street.
A. Le Roy Andrews, 29. Merced, Cal., and
Jennie J. Welt, 23, 2901B Mission street.
William Holmes, 38, city, and Johannah Ben-
feldt, 32, city..
Richard Reeves, 50, 817 Mission street, and
Hennetta Hansom, 40, Tfburon. •
George M. Walker, 19, 32 Wlldey avenue, and
Mae D. Force. 19. SOS Capitol avenue.
Harry C. Sirai, 25, 431 Green street, and
Edith T. Banker, 23, 569 Lombard street.
BIRTHS-MARRim^-DEATBS
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-'
tons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ATWOOD-In this city, October 20, 1901, to
the wife of George E. Atwood Jr., a son.
COHN— In this city. October IS, 1901, to the
wife of Theo. Cohn, a daughter.
IFFLA— In this city, October 21, 1901, to the
wife of Joe Iffla, a daughter.
MACK-In this city, October 19. 190L to the
wife of Albert Mack (nee Duke), a daughter.
MOSS— In Point Richmond, Cal.. October 16.
1301, to the wife of Carlton Moss, a son.
WEINERT— October IS, 1901, to the wife of
Albert J. Weinert, a daughter.
MARRIED. . « -
BOYER— MacDONALD— In this city, October
19, 1901. by the Rev. John H. Kerr, D.TX,
James H. Boyer and Lulu Iona MacDonald,
both of San Francisco.
CUMMINGS— WORLD— In this city, October
17, 1901, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Syd-
ney A. Cumminga and Phoebe World, both
of San Francisco.
JOHNSON— SCANLAN— In this city, October
19, 1901. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Harry
Johnson and Katherine Belle Scanlan, both
of San Francisco.
LARSEN— NYMAN— In this city, October 19,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius, pas- j
tor 'Lutheran Ebenezer Church, -Christian
Larsen and Hilda Nyman.
LEVY— ST. CLAIR— In this city, October 13, i
1901, by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice of the
Peace, Moses Levy and Eliza J. St; Clair,
both of San Francisco.
MATTESON-EK— In this city, October 20,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius, Ed- j
mund Matteson and Mary A. Ek.
SCHIEVE— SCHIEVE— In this city. October 19.
1901, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Adolf
Schieve and Anna. Schieve, both of San
Francisco.
~~ DIED _
Aaron, Pauline Leddy, Thomas P. \u25a0
Becker. Frederick W. Lewis, Mamie
Cockrill, Robert L. Lovett, John
Costello, Ethel I. Lynch. Peter
\u25a0 Oushing, .Charles D. McCormick, Frank
Dickie, James McNamee, John
Farris, Homer R. Malwald, \u25a0 Anna
Gehagan, Michael Mattson, Eliza S.
Greenaway, Mrs. E. Mayer, Mabel F.
Halvorsen. Charlotte \u25a0 Moulton, Mrs. A. W.
Handley, Eliza A. Ogilvie, John
Haquette. August Rothermel. Mrs. M.
Harris, Mary . * Savage, Anna M.
Hawes, George H. Treac-". Margaret F.
Holm, Catherine Wagener, Francis O.
Howard, William H. Walter, Anna C. .
AARON— In this city, October 20, 1901, Pauline,
beloved daughter of the late David and Mary
Aaron, and Idolized, sister > of Louis, Victor,
Harry S. - and Kittle E. Aaron and Mrs. A.
L. Brown of Marysville, a native of " San
Francisco.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at Ma-
sonic Hall, I. O. B. B. building, 121 Eddy
street. Interment New Salem Cemetery by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Remains and family at residence of
Sam Meyer. 8 Hollis street. \u25a0
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
-•-Telephone South 80. - \ . \u25a0-
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County. * a
OFFICE ©J 6 MARKET STREET.
J. . HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn " McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31. EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. . San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other Houae.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Camuel tlcFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the game company for 10
years; P. F. , Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, .between Seventh and
Eighth. Tetepnone South 44.
CREMATioN.
The Odd- Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave.. S. F., Cal. i
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first . day or August.' 1901.
' does not refer to CREMATION. I Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there ia
nothing less harmful \ to the living than tha
ashes of their dead.
Permits to cremate will be issued by tha
Board of Health the ' same as heretofore.
GEORGE K. FLETCHER. Manager*
! Carthy and Florence Bcahan. a native oC
San Diego, Cal., aged 13 years and 1 months.
(Australian papers please copy.)
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
MOULTON— In this city. October 21, 1901. at
the residence of Charles H. Abbott, XoSl Va-
llejo street. Mrs. Adaline V.'. Moulton. widow
of the late Jc3iah Mculton. and raothe.- of
Mrs. Charles H. Abbott. Mrs. Alex. Warner.
Mr. Frank F. Mculton and Mrs. A. A. Mar-
tin. .
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
OGILVIE— In this city, Octol>er 21. 1D01. John.
bel« ved husband of Catherine Osllvie. ar.d
father of Marc\ Elizabeth, Annette. Jesse,
Clara, Mabel, Georgina and Willis P. OkU-
vle. a native of Scotland, ased 47 years and 5
months.
m" Friends and acqualntanc?s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 247 Parker avenue, off Geary street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROTHERMEL— Near Petaluma. Mrs. Mary A.
Rcthermel, mother of P. Rothermel. Mrs. M.
A. Bailey and Mrs. Alexander Mackie. a na-
tive of Lorraine, France, and former resi-
dent of Canton. Ohio, aged 90 years.
RAVAGE— In this city, October 13. 1901. Anna
M. Savage (nee Riedel), beloved wite of Ed-
ward Savaze, mother. of Harold G. Savage,
daughter of George and Anna M. Riedel. and
sister of Rosie K. Riedel, a native of San,
Francisco, aged 24 years 10 months and 'ti
days.
E?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her Barents, 20fct Taylor street,
between Filbert and Greenwich. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
TREACY— In this city, October 20. 1901. Mar-
garet F., beloved daughter of John and Kats
Treacy, and sister of Thomas, John. Jamea.
Katie. Ella and Jo3ie Treacy. a native ct
San Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months and 23
days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the
parents' residence, 217 Dore street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mas3'will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul ' at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WAGENER— In this city. October 20, 1C01,
Francis, Otto, dearly beloved husband of th»
late Amalia Wagener, and father of Emll.
Robert, Bertha and Agnea Wagener, a native
of Hamburg, Germany, aged 74 years S
months and 5 days. - (New York papers pleasa
copy.)
(C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 914 Devisadero street, and thence to
Odd Fellows' Crematorium for incineration.
WALTER— In this city. October 21. 1301, Anna
C. Walter, beloved mother of Oscar H. and
Joseph Walter, Mrs. A. A. Lewis. Mr«. V.
Phalon, Mrs. J. E'anger and Mrs. A. XV.
Allen, a natlva of Philadelphia. Pa., aged
65 years.
OFFICERS and members of Palo Alto Social
\u25a0 and Beneficial Society are requested to oa
present at I. O. B. B. Hall at 9:30
to attend the funeral services of our late
companion, Pauline Aaron.
LEAH ELBERG. President.
BECKER— In this city, October 20, 1901, Fred-
crick W. Becker, ' beloved uncle of Anna
Kuhn and Johanna Haneke, and ' granduncle
of Freda . Taylor and Emma Utschix, a na-
tive of Herstelle, Westphalia, Germany, aged
; 71 years.
EiyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat.
COCKRILL— October 20, 1901. Robert L.. hus-
band of Ella M. Cockrill. a native of Mis-
souri, aged 51 years.
FUNERAL NOTICE.
Apollo Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F.
> Members are hereby notified to as-
semble in Memorial Hall to-day (Tuesday),
at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral ceremony
of our deceased brother. R. L. Cockrill. P. G.
Final burh# at Petaluma, Cal., delegation
to the boat. FRANK V. COX. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, R. S.
MEMBERS of the Widows* and Orphans' Aid
Association of San Francisco Police Depart-
ment are hereby notified to attend the fu-
"eral of our late member, Robert L. Cock-
rill, from his late residence, 413 Lyon street,
at 12:30 o'clock, to-day (Tuesday), thence to
Odd Fellows' Hall, 1:30 o'clock. By order ot
H. GILLS, Recording Secretary
COSTELLO— In this city, October 21, 1901,
Ethel Irene, beloved daughter of Joseph and
Mary Costello, and sister of Hazel, Edna anj
Earl Costello. a native of San Francisco,
1 aged 4 yean 7 months and 19 days. :
(CF'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the "resi-
dence of her parents. 1534 Bush street, be-
tween Franklin street and Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
, tery.
; CUSHING— In this city, October 20. 1901, at his
late residence, 1618>i Clay street. Charles D.
Cushing, beloved husband of Anna Cushlnsr.
a native of Boston, Mass., aged 62 years 10
months and 13 days.
E?"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at King Solomon's Hall.
. Masonic TemDle. corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Lodge, No. I, F. & A. M. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by the 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
DICKIE— In Oakland, October 2L 1301, James,
beloved husband of Agnes Dickie, and father
* of Jennie A. Dickie, Mrs. James F. Anderson
and Mina A., Margaret L. and Jamea R.
Dickie, a native of Kllbirnie, Scotland, ase*
&a years 2 months and 3 days. (New York
papers please, copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1155 Market street. Oak and.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FARRIS— In Oakland, October 20. 1901, Homer
R., beloved son of Mrs. Harriet S. B. and the
late Captain J. R. Farrls, and brother of
Edward R. Farrls. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 11 months and 1 day.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
1 to-merrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at th»
residence of Mr. Edward R. Farris. 136X
Market street, Oakland. Interment private.
GEHAGAN— In Sausalito, October 20. 1301
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Gehagan,
a native of County Mayoj Ireland, ased 71
years.
(E5"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock sharp, from the
funeral parlors of James McMenomey & Son
1057 Mission street, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, where a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at n o'clock. Interment private in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREENAWAY— In this city, October 21. 1901.
Mrs. Ellen Greenaway (formerly Thornton),
belovc-d wife of the late Thomas Greenaway,
and beloved mother of James J.. Timothy
and John P. Thornton and William Green-
away.
HALVORSEN— In this city, October 20, 1901
Chsrlctte Maria, beloved wife of Nils Hal-
vorsen, and sister of Sophie Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 1 month and
23 rtays.
CETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Blake street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, near Scott, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock.
HANDLEY— In this city. October 21. 19fll, Eliza
A., beloved wife of the late James H. Hand-
ley, and beloved mother of Mrs. Al B Gbff
and the late George F. Grant, a native of
Bangor, Me. (Bangor, Me., papers pleasa
copyO " \
E?*NotIce of funeral hereafter.
HAQUETTE— In this city. October 21, 1301,
August, beloved brother of Ernest, Philip
and Emile Haquette and Cecile Greppin, a
native of France, aged 51 yeas and 11
months. . '
CTFuneral to-morrow (Wednes-lay). from
the Church of Notre Dame des Victoires.
Bush street, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment prnate.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city, October 21, 1901. Mary
Harris, beloved sister of James and Thomas
Harris and Mrs. Catherine Dougherty, a na-
tive of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 59
j years. (San Jpse papera please copy.)
C5"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the p*r-
lors of the Henry J. 'Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's. Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock sharp.
Interment private in Holy Cross Cemetery.
No flowers.
HAWES-Weat home, in this city, October 20.
1901, George Hazelton .Hawes. beloved brother
of J. H. Hawes and Mrs. S. A. Kelley and
Mrs. Robert McLellan, a native of Middle-
field, Mass., aged 51 years 10 months and
16 days.
Unfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to \u25a0 attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, in the chapel ot
the I. O. O. F. Crematory.
HOLM-In this city, October 21, 1901. Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Thomas R. Holm, and
mother of Thomas N. Holm and Mrs. M. A.
Trigg, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
EFThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 313 Stockton street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend the mass. Interment private in Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOWARD— In San Mateo, Cal., October 19
1901, William H., beloved husband of Anna.
D. Howard and father of Mrs. F. S. Whit-
well and W. D. M. Howard Jr.. Edward W.
Howard, Frances S. and John K. Howard, a
native of California, cged 51 years.
inyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Tues- ;
day), at 4 o'clock, at St. Matthew's Church.
San Mateo. Interment private.
LEDDY— In this city, October 20, 1901, Thomas
P., beloved son of Eliza and the late Patrick :
Leddy and brother of May and Lizzie Leddy
a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years 1
months and 14 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 655 Noe street, thencr to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem- mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEWIS— Mamie, beloved wife of W. H. Lewis,
and daughter of F. Silva. a native of San
Pablo, Cal., aged 21 years 3 months and 18
days.
LOVETT— In this city, October 20, 1901, John,
beloved husband of Margaret Lovett, and
father of Charles H., John M., Thomas F.
and James D. Lovett. a native of Klnmore,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 59 years. (Bos-
ton and Lowell, -Mass., and Nashua, N. H.,
papers please copy.)
(tT Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. • '
LYNCH— In thi3 city, October 20. 1901. Peter,
beloved husband of Kate Lynch, and father !
of May, Michael, Charle3, Edna, Ada. Ar-
thur and Leo Lynch, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged 46 years.
CHIEFS and of Monadnock Tribe
No.' 100. Improved Order of Red Men. are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Peter Lynch, to-morrow (WVdne?-
day), from his late residence. 351 Eleven:h
street, at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross ]
Cemetery. J. BYRNE. Sachem.
W. C. ROWLEY, C. of R.
McCORMICK— In Alameda. October ID. 1901.
Frank H. McCormlck, a native of Ohio, aged
54 years 8, months and 8 days.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1S03 Alameda avenue. Interment
private. \ ' \u25a0
McNAMEE— In this city, October 21, 1901,
John, dearly beloved son of Sarah and the
late Patrick McNamee, and brother of
Thcmas, Willie and the late. Edward Mo-
Namee, Mrs. Maggie Murray, Mrs. Rose
Gibbons, Mrs. Sadie Gibbons and the late
Mrs. May Sutter, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years and 1 day. \u25a0
MAIWALD— In this city, October 19. 1901, Anna
Maiwald, dearly beloved wife of Gustave Mai-
wald, beloved mother of Martha, George and
Harold Maiwald. sister of Mrs. J. e. Burk-
ard and Mra. M. Kahle and Mrs. A Braun
and Tillie, Tonie, Emil and Bruno Fablsh
and sister-in-law of Clara and William Mai-
wald, a native of Germany, aged 38 years
6 months and 1 day. \u25a0
tCTFriends and (.cqualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the >funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4631 Eighteenth streat. Intsr.-nent
private. .
MATTSON— In this city. October 20. 1901. Eliza
Sophia Mattgon. dearly beloved daughter of
Karl and Emma Mattson. a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months an«I 23 days
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2221 Twentv-second street
between Vermont and Kansas streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MAYER— In this city. October 21. 1901. Mabel
franklin, dearly beloved daughter of Jossph
. and Emma Mayer, and Idolized sister o£
Joseph and Henry Mayer, William J. Me-BELLES WHO WILL POSE AS
MINIATURES IN THE DOC
TOR'S DAUGHTERS' SHOW.
There's Always Something New
In tint3 an<J shapes in our stock of writ
ing papers. We have just received some
new shipments that are far prettier and
smarter than have ever "come out" be
fore. The prices are not a bit higher
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
John Barrett, a linotype operator for
H. S. Crocker & Co., was asphyxiated
some time Ia3t Sunday night in his room
at 520 Bush street. The gas was turned
partly on, the l<ey of the gas fixture being
very. loose. :. Barrett was under the influ
ence of "liquor when he retired. He was
about 28 years old and unmarried.
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
Customs Collector Stratton has received
Instructions from the Treasury Depart
ment to extend "the usual courtesies and
facilities" to Madame Wu, wife of the
Chinese Minister at Washington. She Is
expected here on the Gaelic on the 29th
inst. and is accompanied by three ladies
a young girl— all her relatives— and four
attaches of the Chinese legation.
Madame Wu Returning.
Grand Dictator P. L.. Archibald, Grand
Reporter Johnstone and other grand of
ficers paid a visit last night to Liberty
Lodge of the Knights of Honor 'and as
sisted in the initiation of a candidate,
after which the grand dictator addressed
the members on the subject of fraternal
enthusiasm. There were short addresses
by Supreme Representative Ben I. Salo
mon and several others. The announce
ment was made that the lodge will get a
smoker on a grand scale in the latter part
of November. , < .
Knights of Honor Visited.
The Bay City Athletic Club will hold
its monthly boxing exhibition this even
ing. The programme is made up <|f good
bouts. The following contests are sched
uled: Dick Cullen vs. Harry Forbes, 103
pounds; Barney .Driscoll vs. Robbie John
son, 105 pounds; Joe Angell vs. James
Cromley, 120 pounds; Pete McGee vs. Fred
Bell. 135 pounds; Jimmy Little vs. .Frank
McConnell, 125 pounds; Frank George vs.
Joe Neiling, 12S pounds: Bob Moss vs.
Dick Gllnke, 190. pounds.
TimMcGrath, the well-known sporting
man, who has been behind Thomas Shar
key, sailor, in all his important fistic en
gagements, arrived in this city yesterday
and displayed a package of, letters he has
received from the marine during the last
ten days. Sharkey swings a pen with as
much grace as he does his fists. His
sentences are' short and sharp, and upper
cut the reader at every turn.
The sailor writes his old. "pal" that he
will be on deck within a week and asks
Timothy to secure him a sparring partner.
McGrath is therefore busily engaged
scouring the water front for a longshore
man strong enough to withstand Shar
key' s love taps. Sharkey writes that he
is working dally and Is keeping in good
shape.- He informs McGrath that he has
"cut out" running around and is paying
heed to his training. He is out with a
defi to fight the winner of the Jeffries-
Ruhlin light and has authorized McGrath
to deposit $2500 to bind a match. Sharkey
upon his arrival will go' to San Jose and
train at McGrath's roadhouse. He has
hopes that either Jeffries or Ruhlin will
not be able to fill the engagement of No
vember 15 and that he can step In and-re
trieve lost laurels.
The Sailor Pugilist Instructs Tim Mc-
Grath to 3>eposit Money to
' . Bind a Match.
TOM SBLA.RKBY COMING
TO FIGHT THE WINNER.
Sunday-School "Workers.
Ministers of every denomination met in
the auditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian . Association yesterday morning to
confer on the best ' means of having a
larger Sunday school attendance. The
meeting was held under the auspices of
the Sunday School Association. A. A.
McCurda, president of the organization,
presided and explained the object of the
meeting. He said it was the intention lo
have a house to house visitation of the
city for the purpose of gathering into the
Sabbath schools the children who are not
in attendance at any . of the schools, as
well as to induce non-church going adults
to attend ' public worship..- Rev. George
W. Beatty, under whose superintehdency
the work is to be prosecuted,' told of tho
plan to . carry it out. . Further considera
tion of the subject was referred to the
executive committee of the association.
Ludwig Altschul's Will Hied.
The will of L-udwig Altschul was filed
yesterday. The 'document disposes of an
estate consisting of real and personal
property valued at $150,000. Following is
the list of bequests:
Fanny Seidner of Prag, Bohemia, and Eleo
nora Bergmann of Dauba, Bohemia. $10,000
each; to Mrs. Hedwig Falkenau of San Fran
cisco, $3000; to Edith Blossom and Lulu Falke
nau, |25OO each; to the German Hospital, $1000;
to the Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum, $1000:
to the Youths' Directory. $500; to the Boys'
and Girls" Aid Society, $230; to the Children's
Hospital, $250; to the California Women's Hos
pital, $250; to the Little Sisters' Infant Shel
ter. $250; to three grandnieces and nephews re-
Biding In this city, $1000 each; to two grand
nieces in Dresden,. $1000 each;- all the rest to
be divided among five nephews and six nieces.
Charles and Richard Altachul, nephews of the
deceased, are named as executors.
Wilson's "Widow Wants Insurance.
, Jeannette "Wilson, widow of the late J.
N. E. "Wilson, who was- shot and killed
by Special Police Officer Clancv a short
time ago, filed a suit to compel the pay
ment of a life Insurance policy issued to
her late husband by the Mutual Life* In
surance Company of New York. In her
complaint Mrs. Wilson alleges that the
policy, which was made \u25a0 payable to her
In the event of Wilson's death, was issued
by the company h±ay 27, 1901. She still
further alleges that Wilson paid the first
annual premium on the policy when \u25a0 it
was issued to him. She has made a de
mand, -she alleges, on the insurance com
pany for the amount of the policy, but
payment was refused.
Opticians Hold Meeting.
The California State Association of Op
ticians, met last night in the Alcazar
building to consider the-propositlon of in
corporation. There . were not . enough
members present . to -carry the project
through and the matter will be revived
at the next meeting. A proposition to ap
point'a State board of optical examiners
was incidentally referred to in the debate,
but did not. meet with much, favor. The
oculists who had promised to. deliver ad
dresses failed to appear and the evening
was spent in discussion 'among the mem
bers. -
Joseph Danerl, prosperous liquor dealer
and well-known North Beach politician,
is among the missing, and his wife and
relatives have asked the police to assist
them in the search for him. Danerl, who
keeps a. wholesale and retail liquor estab
lishment at the corner of Montgomery
and Merchant streets, disappeared last
Thursday night, leaving nothing by -which
to trace him save a hurriedly written
epistle directed to his brother, In which
he said he was going far away from, this
city and would never return.
In addition to this Daneri left the sum
of $1000, which he directed should be given
to ril.3 wife for the support of herself and
two children. This money and the letter
to his brother were found in the saloon
cash drawer last Friday morning.'
As soon as Daneri's relatives heard of
his disappearance they called at police
headquarters and begged that a search
be made for the missing man.
It was rumored yesterday that the
missing liquor dealer had eloped with a
woman named Abbott, but an Investiga
tion developed the fact that the Abbott
woman was still in town and j had ! not
seen Daneri since last Tuesday.
Just why Daneri • saw fit to drop sud
denly out of sight is not known. It Js
said that he and his wife, who is now
living with his relatives at" 1028 Powell
street, were not on the best of terms and
that he left town on that account. When
seen last night Mrs. Danerl admitted that
her husband had mysteriously disappear
ed, but claimed that she knew of no rea
son why he should leave town.
"He did not give me the slightest Inti
mation ,that anything serious -was
wrong," she said. "We had a little quar
rel, but it was not so serious that he
should drop suddenly out of sight on ac
count of it. I have heard that he ran
away with another woman, but I do not
believe It."
Daneri has two children, one nine
months and the other two years old.
God does not exoect roses to bloom on
bare rocks.
Relatives Call Upon' Police to
Aid in Search for
Him.
Attorney Scarlan, who objected to sen
tence being passed on his client, filed an
affidavit in which he stated that the clerk
of the court in swearing the witnesses had
not used the form prescribed by law. The
oath administered by the clerk was the
oath prescribed by the Code Commission,
which provided that witnesses should
swear "so help you God." Attorney
Scanlan's- contention was that the Su
preme Court having declared the work of
the Code Commission unconstitutional,
the oath administered should close with
the words "help of God." I
While the objection, which \u25a0 was based
on the ground that all the testimony on
which Swist was convicted was taken un
der the form of oath prescribed by the
codes lately declared void, was overruled
and sentence passed on Swist, It showed
that the Supreme Court decision is likely
to prove a thorn in the side of the Judges
of the middle coi:rt.
A decision rendered in a Stockton court
yesterday caused a great deal of com
ment in legal circles. The decision was
upon an objection to judgment being
passed on a. man named S wist, convicted
of criminal assault, while the codes re
cently declared unconstitutional by the
Supreme Court were in force.
Seeks to • Save Criminal
by Objecting to, Form
of Oath.
Montgomery Street Li
quor Dealer Among
the Missing.
LAWYER RAISES
A NOVEL POINT
DANERI DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
Gustavo Hacquette, brother of Ernest,
tho proprietor of the Palace of Art sa
loon on Post street, died yesterday after
noon at the residence of Mrs. Joseph
Griffin, 1231 Turk street. Some weeks ago
he contracted a cold, which later devel
oped Into pneumonia,
Gus Hacciuette was in his prime one of
the best known bartenders In San Fran
cisco. For seventeen years he was con
nected with tho warehouse division of tho
United States Government at St. Louis.
Later he was associated with his brother.
He was a splendid specimen of manhood
and was recognized almost anywhere as
a typical "Apollo."
Bartender, Known as One of tha
Handsomest Hen in San Fran
cisco, Passes Away.
A man giving tho name of John L.
Crecd,on, nnd believed by tlio police to
be a professional tramp, was last even
ing treated at tho Receiving Hospital
for a series of knife wounds of the face
nnd nock which he claimed to hnvc re
ceived . at tho hnnds of some unknown
parties. He was sent to the hospital from
O'Farroll and Stockton Btreets by Pollce
mnn Konnell, to whom he .appealed for
surgical aid. His stories of how and where
he received the injuries varied with every
telling. Such of his statements as could
be lnvestlgated / were found to be untrue.
Detectives Dlnnn and Wren sifted the
"under world" without result, and as his
Injuries were not very serious the man
was allowed to leave the hospital late last
night. The police believe he received his
Injuries In a quarrel with some of his
brothers-of-the-road, and ascribe his re
fusal to talk to a well-established law in
"hobo" ethics which enjoins silence in af
fairs of this kind. The man said he was
assaulted at Third and Jessie streets, and
again at Fourth and Minna streets. In
vestigation at both places failed to con
firm his story. He gave his residence as
the King House, 150 Fourth street. This
statement was also found to have no
foundation. .
Says Ho Was Assaulted.
PNEUMONIA CABBIES
OFF GUS HACQUETTE
* * r i
Hiss Edith Stubbs entertained at dinner
last evening the ladies and gentlemen who
\u25a0will officiate as bridesmaids and ushers at
her wedding to Harrisoii IB.. Parker on
Wednesday.
l>tnk and green were the prevailing col
ors of the table decorations. In the cen
ter of the long table was an iramense sil
ver dish filled with jrrowlr^ ferns, and to
either side of the ferns were banked
tridesmaid roses. Silver cartdclabra with
pale green candles and Sha/les of. a cor
responding color were used for illuminat
ing purposes. The finest of crystal and a
*lainty service "of Dresden lent thj finish
ing touches to the exquisitely appointed
tacl* 1 .
Stated at the table were. the- followln?
a&med :
The "pretty maldrns" are Miss
Berniee .Zanders, Mis^ Cook, Miss Mary
Payne, i&M* Sinborn 1H*13 Jessie Fill
more and .Miss Mila I Ally. The "gentlo
strancers" \\re Walter | H. Felaman, Mr.
Lambert, J. . E. Itlrn iri;!>am, William
Klink, Frank .Roflolph, 1)f. C. Clark Col
lins, U. S. A., aud Philij* P. Paschcl.
Another delightful bit of programme
arranged -will be . the m lic'.ature pictures,
for which Bertha Dolbeer. Mary JollifTe,
Marie WclLs and Marie - Oge will pose.
Delia Mills will sing ir; costume, and I
know of no one who ca n <V» bettor than
fetching- Delia. Two playlets will also be
features of the evening 's entertainment.
Peter Robertson has "writi.en especially
lor the occasion • one <tf the playlets,
entitled "A Billlcpaire." *rhe other is
'The Littlest Girl." In tie cast of the
latter will b« Mr. Clump and Mr. Men
denhall. **The BIH'onain/' will introduce
ppecialties by Richard Hotiling, Charles
Dickman. Jack Wilson, Orrin Peck, J.
"Wilson Shield, D. L. McLaughlin. Peter
Stone, Jack Me3vin and Thomas Rickard.
Other talented persons down on the pro
gramme are Jnlian Tfcorne in Imperson
ations, George Bromwell irlth a short
speech. Dr. Caglieri in vocal solos. How
ard Mullinln slelgfct-of-hand ;?erformances.
Krlta Bottum In lightning- 1 sketch work,
and Billy Hynes in his oyrn rspeclaltles.
1-aJIB "Florodcra" double sextet of
• society beller and beaux who are
going to tak«> part, in tho Doctor's
Daughters' shenv is, now complete.
Laura McKinstry is looking very stunr
ning these days in her. magnificent black
At noon to-day John J. Barrett, the
well-known and popular young attorney,
will be married to Miss Annie Josephine
Hayes. Father Griffin of St. Jamea
Church will perform the ceremony.
Miss Hayes is a wee bonnle lass, with
a winsome smile, nut brown hair and a
pair of melting blue eyes that have the
trick of appearing at once rouglsh and
tender. Miss Hayes is sure to look lovely
in her bridal attire, which will consist of
a blue silk gown, matching in color the
deep blue of her eye?, and a large white
picture hat, trimmed with exquisite white
plumes.-
Miss Hayes will carry a bouquet of roses
and natural orange blossoms. It Is to be
a very quiet wedding, and only relatives
and a few immediate friends will be pres
ent at the ceremony and the breakfast
which Is to follow.
With the groom, from the East, came
his sister, Miss Gertrude Parker, who is
to be one of the bridesmaids; Charles
Crawford of New York, who is to be best
man, and George Sargent of Chicago,
who is to be one of the ushers.
' For the reception at- the Stubbs home,
wHch will follow the church ceremony,
250 invitations have been issued. There Is
to be no bridal breakfast, and the recep
tion will resemble most a large fashion
able tea with the maid of honor and
bridesmaids assisting 1 the newly wedded
c-iuiple to receive their friends.
MIC* Edith Stubh*. Harrison Masowen Par
krr, MIm Helen Btubbs, Charles Crawford,
MIm Oertrurift Tarkor. M!i>s Charlotte KMd,
Mion Kthfl Parker. Minn "Irrne Hak<»r. MIks
r;th<"I <'oop«»r. Mi»K Mnnraret Salisbury. OforRn
tinrirent. William Smith, Inoac Ujiham. John
Nowlands, Wallace Kvcr^tt, Walter Gibbon*,
Mlsa Hpulah Stubbs and Mr. nnd Mrs. J. C.
Stubbo. 1
The wedding of Miss Stubbs nnd Mr.
Parker will be the most important event
of the social * week. Like the dinner of
last evening, It Is going to be a pink and
white affair, and the gowns of the bridal
party will carry out the color scheme. Dr.
J. E. Stubbs, president of the University
of Nevada, an uncle of the bride, has
come to this city especially to solemnize
the nuptials of his niece and the man of
hfr cholcf.
• United Moderns' Party.
California Lodge of the United Mod
erns has decided to give a series of so
cials during the winter season. The first
of these was given last night In the lodge
room in the Foresters: building. There
were as many ladles nnd gentlemen as
could find sitting and standing room.
These were entertained with recitations,
music, vocal solos and specialties, which
were contributed by M. Warren, Miss Un
derwood, Ethel Lucas, Mae Keeffe, Les
lie Fealing, J. L. Cahill. Mrs.Caro True
Boardman, Helen Nielson anji- Lillian
Chide. The Interesting programme was
followed by a collation and a progressive
whist party. The affair was under the
direction of the officers of the lodge.
Tries to Disembowel Himself.
' S. Subski, a Japanese aged 38, residing
at 38 Fourth street, attempted to disem
bowel himself with a pocketknlfe at Cali
fornia and Leidesdorff streets yesterday
forenoon. Two of the knife wounds pene
trated his abdomen. ' ' \u25a0
My! wh.it maRitfficent engagement cups
the Preston girls have got. I have never
seen a prettier, daintier or more extensive
collection, and I certainly have seen anrt
enthused over many a prospective bride's
collection. Dolntlost of all the pretty
cups they have Is, I think, the tiny loving
cup — Just enough for two— that is Bessie
Ames 1 gift to pretty Norma Preaton,
llancee of Worthv Ames.
Judge will be driven single, or in case of
nn accident to either of the pair will per
form duty as a substitute.
It seems that the North Beach enr
stopped at Kearny street and Broadway
to allow the incoming car. to pass. Jt
stood close to tile switch, which had been
loft open. The motorman. of the other
car, not knowing that the switch wns
open, started to turn into Kenrny street.
As the car struck the switch.it ran on to
tho other track and crushed into the car
which wna waiting for it to pass. The
windows of both cars were badly shat
tered.
That no other passengers were Injured
scorns mlrnculous. There were at least a
half-dozen people on ench enr when the
collision occurred, but many of them
Jumped in timo to save themselves from
being hurt. On account of the, accident
traffic on both lines was delayed for about
twenty minute?.
Immediately after regaining her feet
they claim, she picked up her child, which
was bleeding from an ugly cut over the
eye, and at o"!co loft the scene. Up to s
lnte hour last night th* police were una
ble to locate her.
Pick3 Up Child and Lsaves.
A head-on collision, due to an oper
switch, occurred last night between twe
cars of the Mission and North Beacr
lines at Broadway and Kearny street.
V. Marks, a laborer living at 125 Bay
street, who was a passf-nper on the Xorth
Beacli car, was hurled from his seat anc
severely injured. A woman whose name
is gald to be Mrs. Kane was also hurt
She was sitting on the dummy of the
car, holding her baby in her arms wher
the cars struck. She was thrown from
her feat, but bravely -held on to her help
less offspring. Several eyewitnesses tc
the accident say that the woman wat
knocked down and considerably bruised.
Michael McGlnnlss, 407 Fifth street
while riding on a Folsom-street car wa;
squeezed between the seat and the rea:
end of a truck. The driver attemptec
to clear the track, but the horses backec
and the car bumped into the truck as the
motorman started. McGinniss was sen
to the Receiving'Hospital. His left sid<
was Dadly bruised and it was thought he
had also sustained internal injuries. -"^
James Bohn, 58 years of age, residing a
32 CrOcker street, sustained a fracture<
leg while attempting to alight from i
Howard-street car at the corner of Twen
ty-fourth street. It is thought he maj
have • sustained internal injuries besides
He was treated at the City and Countj
Hospital.
His Leg Fractured.
Collisions between electric cars occurrec
in two different sections of the city yes
terday morning and evening through th<
failure of electrically operated switches t(
work. The morning accident occurred a:
Eighteenth and Kentucky streets and tha
of the evening at Kearny and Broadway
Besides these there were \u25a0 a number, oJ
minor accidents.
An open switch at the corner of Eight
eenth and Kentucky streets caused th«
first accident on the lines of the Markei
Street Railway Company converging a;
that point. A number of men employee
in the Potrero were on the cars. Car 95:
of the Kentucky and Eighth street lines
in charge of Motorman J. Leach, anc
car 983, in charge of Motorman T. B
Greenwald, collided.
Ma&- of the passengers jumped off ir
order to avoid the impending- accident
but several were injured. William Mortor
oX 570 Fifty-ninth street, Oakland, re
ceived a number of bruises about his legs
besides possible internal injuries. Ernes"
Reith, a carpenter, living at 2621/4 Clars
street, had his spine' injured. Gus "Web
ber, aged 16, a riveter at the Union Iror
Works, was bruised about the hips anc
legs. After temporary treatment the in
jured were removed to the Railroad Hos
pital. Traffic was delayed for some tiim
as the cars were badly demolished. ;
Admiral, General and Judge are the
names selected by Mrs. Roosevelt for the
President's three new carriage horses,
magnificent Kentucky thoroughbred trot
ters with fine long- tails. Admiral and
General are to be driven as a team, and
velvet calling grown and big white hat
with a white plume. There is nothing
harder to wear than a velvet gown, but
Mi«s McKinstry has the figure and- bear
ing that should go with it. I have met
her several places with her velvet gown
on and think she looks simply -regal in it.
Laura McKinstry always shows a de
cided preference for black gowns. I re
member seeing her last season, in a se
verely plain black silk gown, cut low and
sleeveless, . and with a long-stemmed
American Beauty rose pinned on the cor
sage. She looked simply stunning and
presented a picture I shall not soon forget,
get.
Passengers Are Injured , in
a Number of Minor v
Accidents.
Two Serious Collision
Occur Between Elec
tric Cars.
SWITCHES FAIL
TO WORK RIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1901.
Doctor's Daughters Arrange .Splendid Programme for Doll Show.
Stubbs Dinner in Honor of Members of Bridal Party— -Goss'p
Apropos of Weddings, Gowns and Swell- Engagement-Gups
BELLES AND BEAUX SELECTED
FOR THE "FLOROD0RA" SEXTET
14
WRAPPER
SALE.
Cfln WOMEN'S FLANNEL-
HI If! ETTE WRAPPERS:
yWU pretty patterns; fitted waist
lining; regular 85c value.
7C^ for WOMEN'S « FLAN-
I HR NEL WRAPPERS; made
I %#U of heavy cloths;- many
pretty and neat styles in stripes and
figures; fitted waist lining; .trimmed
with braids; made with deep flounce;
our regular $1.00 seller.
ft Cm for WOMEN'S FLAN-
M n P NEL WRAPPERS; made
wWU of best Flannelette; beauti-
ful colorings; prettily made and
trimmed; good $1.50 value.
Si IP' GERMAN- FLAN-
I ill NEL WRAPPERS:
Bi™U waist and sleeves lirtfed;
stylishly made ' and trimmed; full
skirt with deep flounce; sold else-
where $2.25.
ftl-ftP' fo-' EIDERDOWN
VI *|h WRAPPERS in . sev-
y? \u25a0 1 y \P eral different designs,
including tucked yokes with 'velvet
trimming; pretty shoulder effects;
something entirely new; one of to-
day's bargains ; regular $3.00 value.
S|% ftP 'Elegant assortment in
/ Mh WOMEN'S E I D-
£m 1 W W ERDOWN WRAP-
PERS in French Flannel designs; all
light colorings;- eton effect: trimmed
with Venetian lace and insertion; sim-
ilar wrappers sold elsewhere $5.00.
Sizes of all wrappers on sale, 32 to
46; fitted waist lining in all wrap-
pers: lined sleeves in all wrappers
from $1.45 up.
WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK-
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
: Between Taylor and Jones.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
f . - . \u25a0 . ' ** ' ' ' '" . -y
That has made it the prime fa- faSiJPil^
vorite winter coat with the smart- *$&wmWt\ : /~.*" i* ' l^"^ iffi^T: '" H * :
est dressers in town. iafflSlR
It has that fullness around the '$'V*^MM^
shoulders which makes [it hang '.* •• • ; JSS[]ljm|1 '-
and drape in a very graceful £^'•^WinVn^^' ?"" ?" "^'•'•^^P^'^Sra ?
Tolled in front and bach, which % ••rlif/^'''-'' *- "' " *" ''\u25a0 ' IWIi fell
is theswell idea in those very swell |j :V^^ffl^%^-f..^r[.'.CT l.illj w>S
greenish effects, with a faint v-'^sV/fffi
plaid running through it, in the V'-'-^mM/M ''{' : r ''"[' • W- -\^\wm
grayish effects, with stripe, sti^ipe ;-y" ' :^W&W///:' f i l~~l"i- f • y 4 1'K, jS
invisible and in that smart Ox- l'^ \u25a0Vi'''*^^\Wfrla
; T/ie coat is exquisitely handled W- 'Kwjw///A'i^- \-'iS]x'^--^w$t
bii the veni best tailors. It is a p :•••>••:• •/••***5 :'^"iKmB
coat that hasnt its peer at f- 'WWw//f'-'<- '- ' Tr*V? ; v-Wlfi
$20.00. The price has made it P^^^WTt^X^^^'^'^^
the talk of the town. Jl. -:• *^lifl^SF^
A MEN'S OVERCOAT DEPARTMENT. pV : \ ":{ ;\^i\, \i-* : ff;^^S.! ; *!- : Jc=
-_ J ,
\u25a0' : ' '\u25a0''\u25a0 H
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Lady Seems toflold the Reins.
She drives a STUDEBAKER
Vehicle, and her judgment in this
proves her to be capable of exer-
cismg the authority that she
does. New styles of vehicles
coming constantly.
$TUDEfe\KR]R
BSQS.(jOM£«$Y v
Market and Tenth Streets. i *
World Famous Marian! Tonic
MOST EFFECTIVE OF ALL
TONICS.
MOST AGREEABLE TO THE
\ TASTE.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
fRO/V\ DR. RMIVDOL F»H
1 / . -' Of the U. ' S. Army
\+ i '^--a^> Illa y say that they ai t
0 *^*^ practically perfect. \
£^tES Q^> Yours truly V,
W. O. RANDOLPH. J '
V. S. Army Hospital.^
Ktyarle s Glasses Strsngtiea tka tys ud Br»ia.
German Eyewater, 50c.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German E«*Ct Op-
tician, 1U71'4 Market »t.
Cut This Out.
Look at them
leisurely
*^^ lW& < - >ur s h° es > we m ean. Our store is a
1| Mr vflgjg comfortable place and we give every
vY^^M^ym attention to customers. We want
\^t50**!J!0* s - ou to come * n anc l look over our
V^Si* new fall, shoes critically. See first how
1 — ** they look — snappy, exclusive shapes,
H| 1 . of ' good leather, firmly made and
||| a^" beautifully finished. Then try them.
1 *^^^,. Note the e as e wit h
'0Sj^^r% "•^*' s^ib .which they fit and the
Igl*^ /j&- V'Ny skill with which the
W^ shoemakers have fol-
rzMw$K r^ lowed the natural lines
J oi y° ur foot - After this
I !l^li§'?Cj£ / we tn " 1^ you'll take
them away with you.
V J< ~f^EspaC^r^'^ When you feel you
f^y^S-\ \\l Vl ant a well - mad e , fashionable shoe
w K \ vou have a particular kind in mind.
0 V We keep that particular kind.