way, he could not easily and conveniently
marry. His heart had gone In the way
wherein the hearts of all these royal and
imperial persons had gone; would he have
the courage to be led by it? Would his
feelings draw him to the uttermost con
clusion? Overall obstacles? It has not
yet been decided- that he will, though he
does not lack courage, for he is the valor
ous Count of Turin. But his ideal is not
any Madame de Maintenon,. of classic
age and compelling winsomeness withal,
though he 1 has loved/ her for long— I am
telling th>e story a^ it is whispered— but
one cf those .refreshing and inspiring
types of young; 'women such' as will be
found / BtVikirigly depicted by Mrs.
Humphry "Ward in "Eleanor." v
The. story Is that the Prince fell under
the sway of this lady love some time ago:
t^nt t';p pacsing: of months has matured
t'-e charm then rast over him, perhaps
to. the" magic- point of invincibility, and
that what was simply nature at the first
has proved to be doubly.- such by custom.
Eut the lady is a commoner, merely of
civil'conditibn! so the Prince is one of the
most romantic lovers of our own or any
other age and place. Unhappy in /-the
bliss' of his royalty and greatness, in the
ideal. grandeur of his' residence at the
Pitt! Palace andtlje surrounding gardens
of Baboli,- even, as the blessed Damozel,
who — - -.. .-. ,. .. f : ¦ ¦ •
,. Leaned out
'From the' gold bar of heaven: '
V/ho, unpatlsfied"and forever loving with
out trenuital. and hoping without surp
hope, pined '"sway" In' the very courts of
heaven and; desperate amid consummate
bliss — - ¦ •;,-:¦ • ¦ - , . ¦ . - ¦
. :¦-'¦ Cast her. arms along - .- .
The enlden ' barriers, • ¦ : •
And laid her face between her hands and wept.'
But the Prince's manhood is of stern
ptuff.- obvious'r as- unliko as possible to
the soft womanhood of the 'figure in the
'pnpni of : Dante Gabriel Rossetti and In
the painting^of Burne Jones, but adaman
tine *ven "in Icc'rinafiso'n "with the .virility
of_ the lover for; whom ¦ St. Damozel
yearned in nararltse^'He is a duelist, arid
this . we ,- raav onlyr inappropriately fancy
tbe, blessed Dnmozel's. lover to have been;
rot merely a swordsman but ef
fectively a duelist . and. as it chances In
a history-making way/one who has add
ed-a modern chanter ; to the story" of the
sfldal or '-'combat between Italian and
French .heroes- at- Barletta,. which -Mas
simo jd'Azegllo. has made popular, and,
maybe, immortar. in* his romance..'. * . '.
"Wh'env after the rout of Adowa,' Prince
Henry -?cf Orleans had ' told : in the Paris
newspaper to whfch he was acting as spe
cial-foreign • correspondent '• some '¦stories
which-, reflected rather >; unkindly .on the
valor,. "or" better, on the Spartan, endur
ance flf^the. Italian .prisoners detained at
the j court of the Abyssinian ; Negus Ne
gosti, a. tide of indignation quickly rose
and: seethed .throughout/ all Italy and
challenges, infinite were sent across the
border to f the. brav' nation. It was all,
we must, confess, an ; unspeakably foolish
affair.'.but that is not our concern here.
Either the! discernment of the friends of
the Italian monarchy or merely -. the Im
petuous patriotism '-'of,"" the young Prince
seized^the occasion 'and. turned it to gold
en"' advantage. His swordsmanship' did
the rest.; He was in France before it nad
been bruited ..that .he had challenged, the
asperser of .the fallen .warriors of Italy.
He was on the appointed field at sunrise
before his whereabouts in France; had be
vooie known, lie lcifc Ffiace Unnxv, who.
all the nation, with all who flgrht— tha
new Italy is largely a nation of duelists
— and, most of all and better still, with
those for whom men fight.
He is yours:, at least for one, who har
bors an old love reputed to be of the un
dying kind which" time only inflames in
its passing, for he was born on November
24. 1870. Like his elder brother, the Duke
of Aosta, and his younger brother, tho
Duke of Abruzzi, he is of manly bearing
and pleasing appearance. An ideal lover
In all respects is Vittorio Emanuele dl
Sfivnia ed Aosta. Count of Turin.
"When the romance began to be sus
pected, toward the end of the reign of
King Humbert, the heir to the Italian
throne was married, but without off
spring. Of the three nephews of that ill
fated sovereign only one, the Duke of
Aosta, was married. He was born in 1869,
but had been married severa> years. The
Duke of Abruzzi was born in 1873, and his
not being married could then, as now, be
accounted for. by his ycuth and by his all
absorbing love of the sea, adventure and
travel. His expedition in search of the
north pole affords a reason which all will
understand. '
Why. then, is the second brother still
unmarried and unmentioned by serious
-rumor, as far as urirrcely matenmasins .
and marriasre. are concerned? As I am
'writing; "another idle rumor has risen, only
to be, exploded. . The explanation is to be
found in the fmt related. 'that — I will not
«ay now and here, though I know, whether
It was in San Francisco or in New York—
k few years ago he lost his heart to one
of those American beauties who have
c«tne. one by one, to don every kind of
European coronet, and who. were it only
hy a sreneral law of -evolution and an in
evitable law of nature, must be destined
at last to wear crowns. ;jt
This is a dear American girl, who to
known as the daughter of a soldier of dis
tinction: who must, alas! be described
here, not in^ienificantly. however, under .
the letters, "Miss R cf F ," and be
ing the daughter of an American hero only
too good for any prince who were worthy .
of her.- even though he were a hero in fact
j»s well as by noblesse oblige, and <jf his
nlace in a family of sovereign princes who
havA been creating kinardoms with their
good broadswords for eisht centuries.
All will believe that if the chivalrous
Count had had his way It would already
have been even so," and the young Ameri
can lady would be wearing the Insignia of
royalty as a Princess of the blood, but
the late King, his uncle, as the head of
the national army, had a special purchase
on the Toyal princes." and. worst of all,
legal command of the civil list, and when
he learned of what he feared might soon
become an infatuation he recalled his
nephew to a sense of duty.
The Prince, according to report, refuses •
to look on beauty or to accept comfort,
seemingly waiting, like the strong man
that he is, to give a chance and a. hand to
fortune, and to see if It will work out his
ideal fate sweetly and strongly.
' But his Roya! Highness cannot be said
to have made his romance wait upon op
portunity, for it was -only .'In the last pe
riod of the reign of the deceased King
that the story began to circulate, and tho
political situation since the date of the
King's death has been one of arrest, a
sort of general suspension of affairs of.
state. "•
1 "What will he do now? . It Is not even
dreamed,, still less imagined, that he has
obtained the new King's consent. It is
riot- likely that he is possessed of enor
mous private wealth, nor that, in the case
of a transgression of etiquette, he would
be able to retain his allowance on the civil
list, which is in the King's keeping. But
no true, lover ever stopped very long to
consider such material difficulties, and if
some rumors current in circles diplomatic
and aristocratic v/ere to come true a new
fairy tale may be acted out sooner or
later in the twentieth century. "'
- One definite and circumstantial hope he
has. The conflict between the Supreme
Pontificate and the Italian state sets al
most invincible difficulties in the way of
suitable marriages for Italian royalties..
The- mrst rot wed non-Catholics, as this
would alienate the favor of a large reli
gious population and imperil many parts
of their common interest. It Us difficult
to • induce VProtestant royal princesses to
change their religion. " and the princesses
of royal -rank belongingto the orthodox
religion' are not many. The royal prin
cesses' of the British empire have con
tracted .marriages -with members of the
nobility. -.. Might there not be a similar
abandonment of traditional usages in the.
case of. anltalian royalty? But, on the
other hand, a younger King, and one not
an uncle, fcufa cous'n and a brother,
fratello-cuzino as Italian speech has it.
fills the throne, and. Victor Emmanuel III,
who Is the head of the house of Savoy as
well as of. the Italian state, though he is
rigid and logical, ct, 'better perhaps, *be
ckuse he is such, may -be" more open to
reason' than K!ng Humbert.
< There is '.some further .hopefulness in
the fact* that the; sovereign is not only:
young but himself the .partner in marriage
with a Montenegrin'.Priness, who entered,
the papal fold in order to become' his wife,
and that the love match thus effected 13
popular with the Italians as. such. So
young a King, happy in a. strange and
romantic union, may not be inflexible. So
the Prince may. take heart of grace. And,;
as he is near, of ? kin an American beauty,
may .become Queen of ' Italy some day -
wivliiu the snaca o£ a generation, ,
by the way, w««5 his cousin, well nigh mor
tally wounds and returned to Italy a
hero with the monarchists, if not with
»*st, for they Tiave exacted «.n& greatest
Price and risk. Thus it would appear
that time writes no' wrinkles, but simply
rivets chains.
AH this, except any exaggerated ma
turity of charms, has very much to do
with the past and present of a story (the
substantial truth of which "can be amply
guaranteed) that T am going to tell about
a young lady, for if a further delay ensue
it may only strengthen the possibilities
'of a still more singular union during the
twentieth century. \
Long before the period when the inter
ests of hymen were being, declared para
mount ' over those "of royalty and nation
aHty v among these different races and in
these different countries it .was already
"whispered in Italy that a Prince of the
blood had lost his heart to a lady whom,
though she was commendable in every
HOME. June 1. — The kingdom of
Servia was thrown Into a hubbub
not many months ago by the mat
rimonial determination of Its
youthful sovereign. King Alexander. The
Cabinet resigned in a body, and the poor
young King was busied In the throes of
a reconstruction of his government when
he should have been receiving the con
gratulations of his subjects. He was em
broiled in a conflict ¦with the members of
his family, with many of his friends, with
a too large portion of his people and with
the worldly wise everywhere.
The Austrian empire had but a little be
fore seen the Archduchess Stephanie re
nounce royal and Imperial rank to find
happiness at !cst in the true love of Count
Lonyay, and somewhat later it saw the
heir presumptive to the throne of th<»,
Hapr-burgs. the Archduke Franz Fedi
nand, marry for lore at the risk of his,
ihron-> pur" g^, the cost of acRvi !5«5*fes*«*"
>nc •ja.uSQi-i bt an" ordinary^obleman.
And in connection with these strange hkp- '\
petiings it is to be noted that the mat'iiest 5 '
charrr.s seem to be shown as the stru'ng-
IS AN AMERICAN
GIRL TO BECOME
A PRINCESS
ROYAL
AND LATER
QUEEN
OF ITALY?A New York minister says marriage is
not a failure, rnd that more than 2300 of
the S012 couples he has united are happy.
His advice to those who would wed and
be happy is largely summed up In the fol
lowing half-dozen don'ts: Don't marry
when too young. Don't marry until you
cart support a wife. Don't marry a girl
¦who can't cook and sew. Don't live in six
rooms when three are enough. Don't mar
•
Consider her. A woman interested in
the ballot and equally interested in the
coquetry of scarlet and gold shoes that
peep. Consider her.
women. She has passed the transition
stage of fight, that our new women are
yet in. and she has reached the place
where she can wait quietly until others
catch up. She is advanced without being
aggressive. She is our Susan B. Anthony
and all the rest of them without any of
their awfulness. She is a woman in dress,
a woman in manner.
That is she. She has been called newest
of Chinese women. She Is newest of all
"She says," interpreted the brother,
"that If women must be governed they
have the right to choose their governor."
She took In the Idea, -wbather *h« : fol
lowed the words or not. She answered in
Chinese that was calm and firm.
"Mrs. Wu!" I cried, grasping. '•She was
gning too fast for me now. "Don't you
think we have enough troubles without
taking on all those of men besides? Let
them bother with voting, and let us' be
thankful to leave it to them."
And she would like to see women vote.
"It is good," she put in, clutching at the
meaning of our words as they slipped by.
vou think they should? she wants me to
ask."
"It isn't your turn yet. Mrs. Wu. Would
you let girls en$age in business or the
professions?"
She nodded and Ho Yow interpolated:
"I told her that a lady was to Interview
her instead of a gentleman. She was de
lighted at the idea. She considered It
most excellent that women should be
privileged to become journalists."
"I wear it for traveling:," he replied to
my glance. He too does' as Is convenient
in the matter of dress. Can it be the
quiet, mousey influence of the little tod
dling woman that has spread through a
household? ¦ •.
Her authority lies in the curve of a lip,
"To places or amusement?"
"Not when they are very young. . Do
ry unless you suit each other. Don't come
to me for a divorce.
"It is the plainest of your cooking that
she likes," Ho Yow explained. "The
Chinese style Is very artificial, very elab
orate, and by way of change she likes
your plain, wholesome meats."
Our plain, wholesome meats were men*
He appears very chubby and very 'se
rious and very much impressed with his
military uniform. .
"He— use— wean— Chinese — dless. Boys
pick, pull— it.' He— say— 'I— want— weah—
Melican — dless.' " • ,- • :
She 'prucked at her own blue blouse to
I glanced at the dapper black cloth suit
of -Fung Wan Ping, who Is secretary an.i
nephew in one.. '. . - '
costume.
show how. Evidently she takes a great
deal of satisfaction in the young man's
independent notions and upholds him in
his change, although she is satisfied with
her own dress as it is. It is very simple,
by the way. I saw her in the mornlng.'and'
there was no blaze or Oriental splendor.
It was to the gorgeous coolie robes that
we se° on the street what a Pacific ave
nue tailor-made is to the chewing-gum
school of finery that spends Sunday in
the park. It was dark, dull blue and of
fine silk and finely embroidered. The tiny
shoes, when they appeared now and then,
showed exquisite hand-workmanship in
their decoration. Scarle't and gold, they
gave out the only flash of color about the
• "She would have Chinese women learn
more, and 'she would have them permit
ted to go about more freely. Girls In Chi
na are most carefully guarded—chape
roned, you say. She sees no reason why
they should not go out by themselves
when they have reason— shopping, for In
stance." •.
¦.•¦':'' v- ,- . . •. ¦ -
the shifting of an eye; the move of a
hand. -When the dimpling maid served
tea and was full of giggles in the face of
the camera, one glance from Mrs. Wu
served to scatter the dimples' and the gig
gles. - " ,
Those about her obey a look. And all
the while she is as gentle as a pussy cat
and I know there are no claws.
"And you are going back to China to
tell the women how to, be Independent
like you?'. : j
"Yes. Tell— them, no— make— them.
Walt. They— will— leahn.".
Think of It. y A reformer, and. able to
wait.
"In what way would you like them to
be like us?"
It took Ho Yow to. tell it, but it was
done obedient: to her'dictation.
The secretary approached and explained
that "my son," who is Wu Chao Chufor
long, goes to the. Washington High
School and takes part in the military
drill. Whether he will ever come to use
Uncle Sam's tactics against Uncle Sam
Is a matter that.Mrs. Wu didn't go into.
"My— son— dless— Melican," she .put in'
rather proudly, though, and she told
something to an attendant, who immedi
ately went off for the photograph of "my
son."
"He — is — fouhteen — he — go — high
school."
did before her.
¦ And you may be sure that it is because
she does like Cninese dress best that she
wears it, and not because her ancestors
"Yes." Then, with an apologetic smile,
that begged pardon inasmuch as I wore
an Eton instead of embroidered blouse
and serge instead of clinging silk, and
hair that was high and fluffy instead of
low and plastered, she added: "I like Chi
nese dress best."
"You always wear Chinese dress?'
The independence of her, you see, Is' in
evidence everywhere. With her own t&s
tidiousness she selects what pleases her
from the two fastidious nations. She de
mands the best caterine of both, the best
trained service of both. Above all, she
mingles freely in the most -exclusive so
ciety of both and that in opposition to all
precedent of her race. For all her soft
little mousey ways, she thinks out mat
ters absolutely for herself and does ex
actly as she pleases.
"There are several Chinese merchants
and their wives in Washington," put in
Ho yow. "They are of a high class."
"She has servants to attend to both
kinds of cooking," he went on. "The
household in Washington consists of two
Chinese cooks, and a white— that is, a
black— butler. Besides these are a Chi
nese barber, waiters, a hairdresser, two
valets who serve as bodyguard, a black
messenger and a black chambermaid,
there arc still more minor servants."
"And for your society you have to de
pend upon Americans, do you not?"
"Sometime— Chinese — sometime — ' Mell
can." /
tioned with a shade of well-bred scorn,
and the patronizing tone that we employ
toward corn beef and cabbage.
"Roast beef and sweetbreads."
Two questions at* once were ruled out
by her gesture of despair. At last It
was interpreted to me that she has sorted
out from American menus what she con
sidered worth while, and she has these
things served to her, together with the
best of Chinese catering.
"What are they?"
"Have you learned to like American
cooking? What do you eat at your own
table?"
"Tea." she sa!d, and she struggled. I
could see that there were other refresh
ments coming, and in her feminine eag
erness to tell about them, and mine to
hear, we appealed together to the Con
sul. •
"She serves both American and Ori
ental refreshments," he explained. "The
Oriental ones consist of tea and sweet
meats and preserved fruits, such as you
find in our restaurants."
"And for refreshments?"
"My — hand," she lisped, lifting the
dainty, useless-looking little member and
letting it fall limply. It told its story in
that one motion. Her gestures are few
and far between, for she belongs to a
race of people who do not express, but
one gesture tells as much as a French
man's twenty.
She nodded and murmured something to
her brother. "Seventeen hundred at
tended the last time," he said.
"The Minister and his wife have of late
adopted a custom heretofore unknown to
our legation in Washington," explained
Ho Tow in his book English that can be
matched in purity and pomposity by few-
Americans. "They k^ep open house on
one day of every week and all are per
mitted to call. Previously they received
only by personal Invitation." f •
"And a great many must avail them
selves."
Her little tapering hand, with a flash
of American-set jewels, made a sweeping
gesture that covered an eternal round of
cayety.
She understood slowly, but in the end
she understood, and she nodded with
pleasure. She was waking now. She was
forgetting to be tired.
"All— time — go — pahty— go — dlive — go —
call— have — guest."
"And is it all true?" v I asked her. "Do
you mingle with the people of.Washing
ton, the men and the women together,
just as our women do?"
It Is the curious advancement of her
that stirs wonder. Newest of new wom
en and belonging to a race that, since the
apron strings of the last dynasty were
cut. has permitted only its men to think—
her reputation had crossed the continent
before her.
took matters in her own hands ana
showed me how.
"How— long— you— stay— in— San — Flan
cisco?" she prompted: and I remembered
then and went ahead, to the end that I
learned how she was to be here ten days;
was then going to China for two months;
has property of her own there, which
needs attending to, and is pleased with
San Francisco. AH of which being prop
erly disposed of I had things which I
wanted to talk over with her.
"I think it would be well for you to
ask now what questions you have pre
pared and let the photographs be taken
afterward," Ho Yow said. That finished
me completely. I never have a cuettion
prepared, and there wasn't one that came
to my rescue In the critical moment. And
when Mrs. Wu had waited in vain for me
to begin an interview according to ap
proved methods, and I didn't do it, she
On the tiniest feet in America she tod
dled to the sofa and sat there beside me.
Ho Yow remained near in case he should
be needed. He smiled approbatively on
the whole affair, bat It is unknown what
he thinks in the depths of him. With a
sister who talks and poses for publication
and a wife who is never even seen by
any but her own family; and a few of the
exclusive ladies of Chinatown, he is a
man between two fires, and it is safe to
count on him for getting burned ' by
neither.
Every word that she utters she utters
carefully, distinctly. It Is that child lisp
ing. "Do— you— see— the— co v.'? The— good,
—cow-gives-milk." When she doesn't
feel sure of being able to hold her balance
on a word she doesn't attempt to mount
it. but appeal to her brother. She has
a national reputation as a mistressof the
English tongue, and she tries her best to
maintain it.
"Will— you— sit— down?"
"But— people— are— kind," she added,
apologetically, with a quick Chinese in-
Ftinct of polite dishonesty. It is an open
question how many of us have ever been
kirc! to her. The most have been vulgarly
curious.
"You have a right to," I assented.
"I— feel— tired," she murmured. Always
a halt between the words of our madden
ing toneue.
Ehe fled for rest. And ever since she
has been passed about to be interviewed,
to be photographed, to be entertained.
When she entered she was a very tired
looking; little queen. She was at the end
of a tiresome Journey. The last thing
that ehe did before leaving Washington
was to shake hands with and look glad to
Bee 1700 people in one afternoon, and to
escape it 511 she fled.
And you realize with a sigh of relief
that at the end of all this red tape you
have lassoed the social queen of Chinese
America.
After eleven Chinamen have taken your
message, have brought cigars for the
male members of the party, have brought
matches, have repeated that "they are
coming." the door opens with a flutter,
and tableau. Mrs. Wu discovered cen
ter. Hon. Ho Yow right. Secretary left.
Maid rear. Attendants galore.
The clock on the solemn marble mantel
Is as deliberate as Chinese etiquette, and
even by it you wait until half-past 6.
Then Ho Yow enters with a burst of elab
orate apologies and the upshot is that you
come again to-morrow.
'•Will you please come here?" a second
enunciates carefully and shows you Into
the room where Ho Yow's ancestors In
politics stare from four walls.
"Will you come into the parlor?" re
quests a third, and the parlor it Is.
The door is opened by one Chinaman,
who passes the word to another and he to
another. You are passed on in the same
way.
"This way." fays one, pointing to the
office.
fiy Sara\ Ccmscch.
THE consulate has hysterics when
Mrs. Wu is to be interviewed.
First somebody goes to call.upon
the Hon. Hu, Yow to rnake ar
rangon^nts. After much delib
eration he decides that the interview is
possible. He will consult with Mrs. Wu.
Ho v.ill report the decision later on.
Next he telephones you. "Fivo o'clock."
he says.
I^ater on he telephones acrain. "Mrs.
Wu will re engaged at 5 o'clock. Cannot
you change the appointment to 6?'"
You know, if you know Ho Tow. that
you've got to make it G if you are to make
It at all. You call off a Mexican dinner;
call off dinner altogether if you belong to
tho newspaper ranks, to whom meals are
the rare opportunities of life, to be
snatched in passing. You are at the door
nf the consulate on the dot of H.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE MOST FAMOUS
CHINESE WOMAN
IN AMERICATHE SUNDAY CALL.
The Slamour of the Actress Is
Off, Not On, the Stage.
IT'S all tommyrot. this talk of the stage
glamour.
Defenseless actresses are every day
painted blacker off the stage than they
¦ are ever painted rosy on it. As a mat
ter "of fact, the glow of illusion shed over
many a woman vanishes in the cold real
ity of the actress. Take a front seat and
watch her. with the footlights full upon
her and you know the worst at once.
They are nearly all good hostesses. The
first dressing-room interview I ever had
was with a star who has since turned out
to be no planet. Just then, however, she
was it at a local vaudeville house and I
was 'shown to the best room.
My reception was tropical. To be sure,
I was not such a lobster as not to know
that there is often a business motive for
the courtesy which the "profesh" shows
the press. However, I did not think that
was here nor there, any more than I do
to-day. The point was that she knew how
to be charming, and to Cariboo with the
motive.
, "Do sit down If you can find a place,"
she said, clearing the extra chair of a
suit of blue silk tights. "I don't suppose
you ev* saw a dressing-room In such dis
order before."
The Implication that I was used to
dressing-rooms was a stroke of genius
and I warmed immediately.
"R-row, r-row," came Inquiringly from
a pillow in the corner of the shelf, and
the mascot terrier, awoke. After a long
survey he came straight to me and gave
me the glad paw.
"Did you ever!" exclaimed his mistress.
"I never before knew . Taidie to go to a
stranger. He is most reserved. He seems
to think you are all right." \
Now there is nobody who Is not jsus
cep^iblc to the flattery, of. a dog, especial
ly a reserved one,*so I warmed still more,
though as a matter of fact I suppose
Taidie is tipped, to nose every stranger.
As the chat went on I glowed more and
more. Here was the woman* of tact, of
magnetism. She was not beautiful, to be
sure, but her fascination was all the more
remarkable in* view of that fact.
"You are a native San Franciscan, are
you not?" she asked.
"No," I answered. "I made o. mistake
of 4000 miles when I was born, but I am
willing to be more careful at reincarna^"*"*
tion/'
"Well, you seem the San Franciscan ,
anyway, and that Is the most I can sav.
I have come here all the way from Rus
sia, stopping in every land toy the way,
and I have found no people like these."
Then_jhe handed me bouquets to be de
livered to/San Francisco via the press.
They were more than I could enrrv, hut
by the time that I gave her over to her
rouge-pots and powder-puffs I was good
for a column of rhapsody over the lady
herself. • ' N
The last thine that I heard as I passed
out was:
"Now you'll be sure to stop upstairs
and see my act, won't you?"
Of course I would.
"And run down for a minute afterward
to tell me frankly what you think of it.
I want so much to know."
This was new to me then.
"Upstairs in a box. I waited for her turn.
I was deaf to the trombone solo that
came first, and blind to the fetcherics of
a pair of performing feet. I was waiting
for my be-tighted lady and phrasing her*
And when she came—
She couldn't sing.
•She couldn't dance.
No first class brand of cigars would
have had her for a poster—
That was the jnd of the Illusion.
,Some of these bad " actresses are good
homemakers. I used to know a little
singer of a stock company, and. I grew to
have a soft spot in my heart for her.
Once in a while I would drop in and we
¦would have a tea tipple together.
' She ' was the most domestic creature,
and her domesticity was so contagious
that I always went home in a beautiful
frame of mind, which moved me to rake
out buried dust and to study Mrs. Rorer.
It was really lovely to see the polish . her
furniture had, and you could take down.
the eighteen books of her library any day
in the year without blowing their tops.
Every afternoon her husband used to
come home an hour before dinner. She
would have his smoking-jacket ready and
they would sit before the fire and talk.
When he had a cold she would prepare
his mustard bath, and sometimes he
would catch one on purpose, just to sea
her play the fond wife. She might have
teei: made in Switzerland, to Judge by
her flawless mechanism. She was a wife
and housekeeper to be recommended In a
Heart-to-Heart with My Boys.
. It was all very charming. The glamour
was upon me. It surrounded and envel
oped in the fumes of. the orange Pekoe,
in the depths of the rose leaf cushions, in
the ease and humor and tact of her good
tempered gossip.
But when it came to hearing her sing
on the stage—
For the love of Mike! •
I sat through three hours of her once
when her husband was urgent and I had
already made the break of mentioning:
that I didn't know where to spend the
evening.
I bad always dreaded to hear her, fear
ing that it would be the same old experi
ence. It was. Her makeup was put on
in the lavish way that prevails in the 50
cent houses. Her costume was of faded
red silk that had been cheap and tawdry
to begin with and had been rumpled and,
crushed and torn and made over all ths
way from Carmen to Pinafore. There was
a place in her voice that felt like an err
ing slate pencil.
It was a long time before I wanted to
Fee her again. After that. I always an
nounced engagements for a week ahead
In the same breath with my "How ar©
you?"
The Illusion had vanished Into thin air.
'»; .Z'X* SARAH COMSTOCK.
'¦¦i'rrr -•-• :
The first clocks manufactured in this
country were by Ell Terry at Plymouth.
Copn.. in 1792. The manufacture soon be
came extensive and Connecticut wooden
clocks were famous ail over tha toaatry.
These hang pendent like a medal. Other
very swell effects are created by a simple
chain with a diamond on each end and
no clasp except the crossing of the chain
around the neck. But the quaintest of
them is a dainty green enamel with a
pearl pendant. Two chains of irregular
lengths end with green clasps holding
fast a single pearl. It is the daintiest,
frailest appearing novelty that has lately
pleased the novelty crank.
The matrix Is another new and popu
lar fad. Any kind of matrix and any
klnd^of setting seem to go, but the tur
quoise makes up the swellest.
A new turquoise brooch is mounted in
rose gold and the gold makes a wlggly,
curling mass of snakes- that peer into
every nook and cranny with their bright
diamond eyes.
Nine out of ten times the matrix
brooches are mounted with snakes or some
other crawling beast, for 1 that is a fad
within a fad. Bugs and snakes have been
all the go for some time, and so far
haven't cone out %
The opal .matrix- isn't nearly as pretty
as the clear onal, and the emerald is al
most ugly. However, pins are made of
both of them, for there is no accounting
for taste, you know. ' • ¦•.,- -
' A queer looking pin Is the opal In an
oval rose setting. Two little chains hang
from the center of the brooch and end
with tiny -danglers of the matrix.. It is
very much. like the jeweiry of long: ago,
they manifest ,-yood judgment and common
sense. Obliged by an unwise custom to
accept the role of juvenility in their mar
ried lives, to explain their purchases and
justify thorn, and to ask for what sho/ld
be theirs by right, they have no chance to
reveal their bidden ability.
I once knew a wife who saved bit by
bit in silver coins and coppers out of her
household expenses enough money to, buy
a gold chain for her good man's b'rthday
present. Perhaps she might have made a
better choice, but she pai.l for it in the
rain of smalj pieces which it had taken
her a year to accumulate, and— her hus
band refused the gift and .compelled her
to take it back and have the money re
funded. An extreme instance this of Air.
Scrooge in married life.*
Thrift is a virtue which should be culti
vated, if not indigenous. A French woman
stands aghast at the lack of it in an
American, but the French woman has had
the advantage of being a recognized part
ner in the domestic firm., I-ooking for
ward to old age or to the dowry of her
daughters and the establishment in life of
her sons, she has been in the confidence
of her husband and has assisted him to
build up their united fortune. American
wives are often pitiably ignorant of their
husband's affairs. The husband, honestly
anxious to shield the wife from every
care, keeps the problems in his office, and
has not the courage in periods of stress
and weather to let her know the impera
tive need of retrenchment. No home can
ever be perfect ""where on either hand
there are reserves. Entire • confidence is
an essential of success in home making.
Doris and Strephon, should life be grant
ed them 'to reach their golden wedding,
will be lovers still if they have proceeded
on this rule. - And surely, if a man trust
his wife with his most intimate. and sa
cred secrets, with his good name, with his
children's care and up-bringing, he may
well afford to be open and to bestow upon
her regularly n requisite portion of the
home income.
MARGARET E. SANGSTER. :
CCopyrl^ht. 19CH. Christian Herald, N. Y.)
WHEN Strephon puts on his Sun
day best and goes to court Doris,
so every-day a master as money
never enters either head. She re
ceives him, a gallant figure, courteous and
debonair, his port as brave in her eyes as
that of some knight of the middle ages.
Doris herself, in her pretty daintiness of
attire, her silk waist, her shining eyes,
her ma*s of gulden hair. Is as captivating
aa a princess in a fairy tale, and she car
ries herself aa regally. Whatever her sta
tion, she has been born In the purple, if
en American girl. Farmer's daughter,
merchant's, mechanic's, or scholar's child,
she is well educated, well mannered, and
Independent. If her people are rich, she
has had money In plenty; if poor, she has
earned It. As a typewriter, a teacher, an
artist, as singer in the church choir, she
has been her own mistress, and. If
v.-ealthy, she has had her allowance or her
fortune, and thus independent, too. Some
times, unfortunately, marriage changes
all this.
Orce married, and settled In a home,
however unostentatious, the question of
the exchequer soon rears Its formidable
head, and la neither to be evaded nor lg
r.ored. To carry on the simplest house
hold, money Is an absolutely necessary
factor In the machinery. Though lovers.
couW. they be brought from the clouds to
plain terra firma, would scout the notion
that money might one day be a. persistent
wedge to ruin their happiness, the little
rift within the lute, fatal to the music;
yet thousands of husbands and wives, in
candid moments, would confess that they
owed JLo that one cause all the heart-burn
ings they have ever had. A man says,
prandly and sincerely. Whatever . I earn
beltfrgs to -my wife. She has only to ask.
But .she dislikes to ask, and if her asking
precede reluctant or hesitating or sur
prised granting-, she is covered with hu
irilllation as with a cloak. Men seldom
understand the multiform persona! re
quirements of women. The purse-bearer
holds too heavy a balance of authority.
The Matter of Dollars and Cents
Applied to the Household.
No wife should be forced into the position
of a licensed mendicant in the marriage
relation. No wife can enjoy this, though
she may seem to acquiesce.
If the home is to be a type of heaven in
its sweetness and rest, the two who pre
responsible for it, and who carry it on 1 ,
should arrive at an Intelligent agreement
about its financial management very early
in the day. If they have been building
on an unsubstantial foundation they will
do well to start anew at any period In
their common career.
With an eye to the style of living pre
ferred, husband and wife may easily es
timate the cost of various items in 'the
annual bill of expense. Shelter, fuel,
clothing, food, are the primitive wants.
The education of children, the social rami
fications of the family, a margin for char
ity and for travel, come later. The wife,
if she defray any portion of the regular
and acknowledged expenses of the house
hold, servant?' wages, school bills, etc..
and the accounts of the grocer and the
butcher, should have her allowance, paid
to her at stated intervals, for the purpose.
Beyond this, and in accordance with the
family means, she should have something
for her individual expenses, her private
purse. If possible, her separate bank ac
count, even if very small, should be part
of the domestic scheme.
Men constantly complain of or assert
the business incompetence of women. Yet
a woman may be treated like a child all
her life, and if by her husband's illness or
death, without previous training or prepa
ration, she will meet the occasion, and
prove herself mistress - of —li&^exigencies.
The wife who never had any money in her
control, who perhaps bought . what she
chose and sent the bills to her husband,
or did without desired conveniences rath
er than face his criticism, will when
thrown upon her own resources show a
wonderful adaptability. She will not
launch out as a spendthrift, nor be fool
ishly wasteful, neither will she be miserly.
Women are born administrators and
economists, and. given the opportunity.
chief beauty, and they are not a night
stone. . »
There are all kinds and conditions of
this latest fad in necklaces. Some of them
have large round pieces of gold with va
rious heads or mottoes stamped on them.
but the matrix wasn'fneard of then; or at
least wasn't considered the proper thing
to wear on one's best bib and tucker, so
it is a new style after all.
A bug pin. big- or little, of solid dia
monds has by no means. lost its favor. It's*
A triangle made of gold Is suspended
from the throat by a slender chain. In
stead of having a link fastening two dia
monds hold the two together. From the
center of the triangle swings and sways
a larre uneven pearl. It is held in place
monds.
Y-T EWELKY. any kind of jewelry, all
I kinds nf jewelry and anything that
\ resembles jewelry is all the rage.
f*J Brooohes. stickpins, collars, strands
of anything from glass to priceless
p<ails and even diamond hairpins have
sprung imo sudden popularity.
The Grau opera season brought into us.?
the ancient custom of literally bedecking
oneself with bright and sparkling play
thing?.
For what else could a L,a Valliere be
railed? They are something brand. spank-
Ing new— a decided novelty and delight
fully pretty withal.
And what Is this Frenchy sounding
thing? To coma down to plain, ordinary
Znglish, it is very much like the enamel
lockets our grandmothers wore several
ecores ago.
But then they are dreesed up every btt
as much as their name is. One that par
ticularly pleases the eye is made of rose
Eold, baroque pearls, emeralds and dia-
There are companies who take and de
liver them at the proper time. For in
stance, if Madame Brown wishes to wear
her famous ruby set she 'phones to the
Many of the swell set in New York want
to wear their beautiful jewelry, but are
afraid to keep them at home. Now that's
a bad predicament to be placed in, but
thfiy manage to wear them and not live
in constant terror of being banged on the
head, either.
Besides lockets and fancy neck pieces
strands of coral are wound about the
throat several times, and they are very
pretty, too. They needn't necessarily ba
worn with a low gown, although they are
somewhat of a nuisance when worn
around the collar of a tailor suit. It is a
pretty idea, this latest trimming of pearls
or stones, and oftentimes it gives just
the finishing touch to a frock that en
tirely redeems it from the commonplace.
• A pin to make a blaze and to show its
full value is a sword of solid diamonds.
The chain from the hilt to the scabbard
has six large pearls to break the monot
on;\
Just as swagger as ever and looks per
fectly at home on a swell waist. It
needn't he worn at the throat to hold the
collar in place. That isn't the fashion. It
rambles all over the collar; sometimes
stops almost in the center of the back.
Again it drops fo the shoulder or stops
to nestle in the lace front. Anywhere
and everywhere is the correct place to
wear jewelry. Don't worry about it. for
you couldn't possibly make a mistake.
Where will this sudden fancy for orna
mentation end? Perhaps only when re
reach the,"rinss on her fingers and bells
on her toes" stage.
Another beautiful, costly thing for even
ing wear is the aigrette. They come In
two colors, black and white, and are vari
ously ornamented. But the daintiest is a
full white one generously sprinkled with
diamonds. At the base a pin glittering
and sparkling sets the entire affair off.
"When people buy pearl collars that
boast of fifteen strands of tiny pearls
that are held in place by fine diamond
bars it doesn't clearly convey the idea
that times are very hard. Yet that is Just
what they have been doing and are doing
right along, for Frisco is gradually wak
ing up to the fact that she must appear
In evening dress after 6 if she would be In
the swim.
Many necklaces that run into the thou
sands have been sold this pasr year. In
fact, the jewelry business is a thriving
one just at present.
Now it Is to be wondered If San Fran
cisco will feel the need of such a firm.
She certainly possesses many channinff
msids and matrons who wear gems as One
as can be bought on the other coast.
"When it is time to go home she calmly
takes off her hundred thousand dollars
and handa them into the keeping of a
firm's representative, who is there for
that express purpose. That may sound
queer, but truth Is sometimes stranger
than fiction.
company and the Jewels are delivered: at
her home. Then she swells up at the
opera or ball and feels perfectly satisfied
with herself antt-everybody In general.
by a hnr of gold and two diamonds with
several emeralds between give it a
«=well setting. Immediately under this
large curfew-like pearl dangles another
built on exactly the same plan. The va
rious colors and the rose- setting: make
a rharming acquisition' to a pretty after
noon frook. But it i? an' expensive art!-'
cle. a.= there are nine diamond.", besides
the other stones.
Another pretty one Is made of entirely
different color?. The slender chain is just
the same, but there the similarity ends.
The gold ha? the usual bright luster, but
instead of giving the solid appearance it
i3 precisely the reverse. The spirals form
a fleur de lis and each one ends with a
diamond or an olivine. divines, by the
way, seem to be strangers to most peo
ple. They look like emeralds, and the
majority of people would think they ¦were
very light ones. But the truth of the
matter is. they are a class of stones that
belong all to themselves. They are a
much lighter green, but are as clear and
almost as pretty as emeralds. The very
top and bottom of this da.inty ornament
is a large heart-shaped garnet, which is
entirely surrounded by diamonds. This
La Valliere was not intended to wear in
the evening, as the garnets constitute its
3
JEWELRY FOR NECKWEARTho Woman's Book of Shorts.
"The i Wonrin's Book of Sports," by
J. Parmly Paret, is a practical guide by a
selection of English and German idioms
!s the best that has been attempted, even
in much larger anil more pretentious dic
tionaries. The Puttkammer spelling has
been followed throughout and an admira
ble system of pronunciation has mastered
that difficulty for the students of either
or. both languages. The exact pronuncia
tion is given after each word. Irregular
veibs and principal rules of grammar
complete the work. It will prove an indls
pensable companion to all our German-
American fellow, citizens, young and old.
as well as an assistant to. pupils in Ger
man in our schools and colleges. (Kull
leather, full gilt. 50 cents; cloth 25 cents.
Uoth editions with double indexes,)
"We have here anew book for girls writ
ten by one who' is always sure of an audi
ence—Mrs. G.' R.* Alden, more widely
known under her pen-name," "Pansy." The
story is an entertaining, one,- and, as do
all Pansy's stories, conveys lessons of pa
tience under adverse 'circumstances, 'of
faith in time of .. trial, and of modesty In
the season: of success.' . Mag Jessup ia the
small Jfhlred'grirl" in Mrs. -Perkins', board
ing house; Marga*ret Lancaster is a young
lady of the same age as Mag, but living
as the petted child of a wealthy .family.
Circumstances bring the two together, and
.the "rich .girl iinds a .contemptuous pleas
ure in disregarding and humiliating' the
poor one. But little Mag's spirit is a
gentle and loving one;, and: when, by
chance,' the ; religious life of which she
knew nothing is made possible' to her/ she
tries to live the. lessons It teaches her, and
to be forgiving, loving, cheery, and help-
Mag and Margaret.
most thrilling and yet realistic kind.
Australia has had its land scandals CVfiji
more notorious than any this country ruts
produced, and the story hinges upon the
manner in which the. land law is ovaded
by corrupt officials and dummy ipplk;ants
for public favor. The; hero is John
Toland, a resolute but. honorable man.
who goes to settle in the remote parts of
Victoria, and comes into.sharo conflict
with this corruption. The storv Involves
the passions and loves of the frontier
people, with romantic episodes of elope
ment, the disappointed love of an unscru
pulous .villain for tho hero's daughter,
ruined lives and broken hearts— trauic
enough, but true to life, and holding the
reader's attention fascinated by the cul
minating interest of the, narrative and Its
forcible and dramatic Quality. The de
scriptions of Australian life and ccsr.ory
are picturesque and the incident of a ter
rible bush fire, its steady advance and t'te
almost superhuman efforts of, the- hero's
family and friends to escape from it to
safety Is one of the notable passage:. In
recent fiction. The authors have shown
as great skill in- depicting ' the, diverse
strains of human character and the^play
of human passions and emotions as they
have In leading the story to a Jramatie
climax; and they have made a book, that
few will be willing to lay' down lill it has
been read through. ' (Published by Cassell
& Co.. New York. Price SI 23.) • '
WINSTON CHURCHILL, the American, graduate of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, author of "The Celebrity," of "Richard
Carvel," and now of "The Crisis," is still a young man, for his
years number , but thirty. He.comes from a blend of good English ami
American stock and was born and laised in St. Louis. In 1888, at the
ag-e of 17; he received an appointment to Annapolis, but after gradua
tion fslt so- strongly drawn toward letters that he waived the bright
prospects of a naval career to accept a position on the Army and Navy
Journal. He spent about a year of editorial work on this journal and
the Cosmopolitan Magazine,' and then decided to turn his attention ex
clusively to the more pleasant field cf story writing. His first book,
"The Calebrity,". went into the third edition within a month and was
voted ». literary hit.- This was in 1897. Then Mr. Churchill took aim
at higher things. He decided to write a series of stories covering the dif
ferent phases of American social life, and of this series "Richard Car
vel" was the first. He-spent a great deal cf time, study and research on '
this book and has been rewarded by hearing its title in the mouth of
every reader of fiction. It even went the way of other hits and took its
place, with more or less success, on the dramatic boards. "Richard Car
vel" is a story of the Revolutionary period. "The Crisis" is of similar
construction devoted to the time of the Civil War. Mr. Churchill has
taken two steps down in our history — first in tho middle of the eigh
teenth century, next in the middle of the nineteenth century. Where
will his next step in the contemplated series bring him? %.
WINSTON CHUROTU.
There was a hush, and the wares of that
vast human sea were stilled. A man lean.
cogular, with coat tails napping— unfolded like
a crotesque figure at a side show. Xo confl-
Hera Is a pen picture of Lincoln, the
orator, on the platform at that crucial
time: ' ...
"The crisis" comes when Lincoln puts
this question despite the advice of his
friends, and Douglas replies with the
"Freeport Heresy." which scattered his
party anfl forever lost him the South.
"Can the people of a United States Ter
ritory, in any lawful way. against tho
wish of any citizen of the United States,
exclude slavery from its limits prior to
the formation of a State constitution?"
This Is the night before the great de
bate In Freeport: the night before Lin
coln is to ask Stephen A. Douglas the
"question":
•Stephen picked out the homeliest man In the
roem. There was no mistaking him. And, ln-
Ftead of a discussion of the campaign with
the other gentlemen. Mr. Lincoln was defend
ing—what do you think? Mr. Lincoln was de- 1
fending an occasional and judicious use of
ewear words.
He pushed open the door, afid as soon as his
*yes became accustomed to the tobacco smoke
he rurveyed the room. There was a bowl on
the floor, the chair where It belonged being oc
cupied. There was a very inhospitable-looking
bed. two shake-downs and four Windsor chairs
In more or less state of dilapidation— all occu
pied likewise. A country glass lamp wae bal
anced on a rough Fhelf, and under it a young
man sat absorbed in making: notes and appar
ently oblivious lo the noise around him. Every
g-entleman in the room was collarless, coat
less, tieiess and. veslleM. Some were engaged
in nshting gnats and June bugs, while others
battled with mosquitoes— all save the young
man who wrote, he beinp wholly Indifferent.
On closer view the lights and shades
make pictures in themselves. First and
above all, Lincoln— the man. Let us «ee
him with the eyes of Stephen Brice, who
goes to Lincoln v.-ith a messasre at the lit
tle inn. Little does Brice dream that this
ugly mortal Is one day to be President of
all the United States:
In the glance at it as a whole you see first
this magnificent figure of Lincoln, mls
uncenstood at times, but standing there
for good and all for the welfare of his
people. You sea the strong character of
Grant and the wonderfully versatile and
energetic Sherman. You see in Stephen
Brice and Judge Whipple the conservative
North deploring the ruin of its Southern
brothers, but firm In the maintenance of
a union. In Clarence Colfax there is the
dish and youth of the South that made
it light until it was all but shot to pieces.
And In Ellphalet Hopper there is the dark
Wcmb-h of the thrifty lover of money who
hoards wealth from the sufferings of his
fellow-men.
'"The Crisis" may be looked upon with
equal pleasure in two different lights: J As
the great painting that you stand off and
enjoy for the broadness of the concep
tion, and. having admired, you walk
closer to find that under the magnifying
gl2ss it is perfect in every part and un
folds details that hold you for days of
pleasant study.
Mr. Churchill can thank his youth and
Western energy that permitted him to
weave fiction about such a character.
He can thank his long line of American
ancestry and his birthplace for the intui
tion that has given him the power to
cull and properly present the best that
history has to offer. These things are
inherent qualities and a part of himself;
but credit must be given to the hard and
laborious research he undoubtedly carried
on to rnal:e his novel historically accu
rate, and also to the painstaking care
with which he has given every detail of
color and atmosphere.
Even when Lincoln himself is not per
sonally in evidence. Etill you feel the per
vading influence of his benign spirit In
the actions cf the other characters; you
sepc his hand ever present. In the molding
cf events; and you hear from afar his
voice crySngr for the ultimate unity of his
people's house divided against itself.
He has not or.ly taken Lincoln when he
was ju?t emerging from obscurity, but he
has followed him as= he slowly but surely
beatjWs way through the storm to the
ration's he!m, steering the country
through the most fearful tempest it has
*>ver known, until he fell at his post, the
martyr of an assassin's bullet.
Sir. Churchill has dor.e more than this.
Mr. Churchill has really made a re
markublp study of Lincoln. It is nb light
ta?k to take one of the most famous char
acters in Vgut country's history and make
it play a lead'.ng and consistent part in
a novel. It nrght do to choose the ob-
F'ure part of a great man's life and
•weave it into romance, but to boldly
prapple Tvith that time when he was most
in the eye of the public is indeed a daring
stroke.
e_ .HE great dominant tone of "The Cri
|! sis" is Abraham Lincoln. Every
II page is resonant of him and his
works. Americans certainly owe
Winston Churchill gratitude for th!s last
book of his — the second one prompted
by the fcroad-minded Americanism that
decided him. to use tt's literary talents
on the epochs of our national rfstory—
for it fcivf-s us the opportunity of shaking
hands v.-ith Lincoln. It presents to us
the man as he < prtalhly must have been.
M'e learn to know Rim as a human being
and. ret cs t!-e figure head, distant .Im
af\ cf historical accounts. "
3y 3. Q. Xathrcp.
The wonderland of Australia— still a
wonderland for all its marvelous advance
in civilization— has a special fascination
for Americans; for it has reproduced 'in
a more intensive form some of the mast
romantic and exciting scenes and strug
gles of the frontier days of the United
States, now gone forever. * "Tho Wisdom
of Esau" is a story by two writers. R. L.
Outhwaite and C. H. . Chomlev, thor
oughly at home in the atmosDhere of
Australian adventure and bush life, who
have filled their work with the local co,ur
of the country and caught the character
of the people as few have done. It is
brimful of movement and action of the
The Wisdom of Esau.
his cannibalistic gloating ' over, human
blood; his I relentless .and j murderous at
tack on the; boy, and then the' religious
vein that leads him to such excesses that
he may crush the boy's body for the good
of his spirit, is one of the most unpleas
ant though powerful' pictures of fiction.
"Jack Raymond" Is a study of character
and temperament such as we have not
had for some time.
A few years ago Mrs. E. L. Voynich
created a sensation with her book "The
Gadfly." Even a greater one is promised
by yjack Raymond,", which has just ap
peared from the press of J. B. Lippincott.
It seems that Mrs. Voynich has had Jack
In* her mind for several years— even be
fore "The Gadfly" was given to the read
ing public That It will create discussion
is putting it mildly.
In "Jack Raymond" Mrs. Voynfch takes
up certain moral Issues that, handled by
a less skillful hand, would appear coarse
and vulgar in the extreme. She goes "dan
gerously near the verge without' going
quite over. That is her art. She writes
well and with a forceful, sweeping touch.
That Is both art and education.
When, In the first few pages, you meet
Jack with his gang on a marauding ex
pedition that any crowd of boys are apt
to take part in, you think possibly the
story will be of the "Tom Sawyer" order.
But there is no humor in the pages of
"Jack Raymond." It Is all hard, bitter
fact and stern reality.
The sympathy of the reader, of course,
Is with Jack. He is bad enough at times,
but only In the frank, generous way of a
boy filled with the exuberance of a young
and healthy life. There are other char
acters not so pleasing-- and there -arc
events that cannot be discussed in the
limited space of a review without being
misunderstood. . • -.
. It takes a mature mind to grapple with
the social problems that ' Mrs. Voynich
presents with such artistic reserve, and
the work will undoubtedly raise a storm
of approval and attack.- The somber in
evitableness of the story is "almost de
pressing. It is the real sadness of life as
it exists and is lived.. . .
Jack makes a fine fellow in the end,'
but the 'course of fire and ' scourging Is
presented so vividly, that It proves rack
ing on the reader's feelings. Of course
he does wrong— he is always doing wrong.
But Jt is the kind of wrong that belongs
In the category of .white lies. He steals
the Bishop's. knife to anger his uncle and
then he trades the knife to a boy for a
worthless : bird— simply that he may give
it liberty and save the poor beast f rom
having its eyes burned out. "
The figure of the puritanical unclejwith
There are plenty of situations that
make the blood flow fast in your
veins and hurry your eyes over the pages,
but those who seek for dramatic heroes
and heroines and melodramatic villains
should better leave "The Crisis" unread.
The characters are too real and too busy
to have time for posing to the gallery.
(Published by. the Macmillan Company
New York. Price $1 50.)
A remarkable feature of Mr. Churchill's
book Is that it is a novel of the Civil War
period, depending upon the causes and ef
fects of that struggle without using the
claptrap, sensational opportunities af
forded by such a subject. There are no
accounts of personal struggles, thrilling
fights by land and sea, blood, carnage,
deaths and all thafsort of thing. There
Is not even n. single villain In the book—"
unless exception may be taken to E1I
phalet Hopper, but all villainy Is" bumped
out of him by two knocks of his head on a
wooden table when Stephen Brice finds
him making love to Virginia Carvel.
Sherman makes his appearance as presi
dent of a street car line, riding in one of
his cars with his . children beside him.
But he lives In the novel to give Brice
many a helping hand and himself the
rank of general. ,
This is Grant in those days, but Mr.
Churchill carries him through gloriously
until he makes him "General Grant"—
the Grant of Vicksbursr, the Commander
in-Chief of the army of lh« United States;
the Grant -we know to-day."
It may not be out of place to quote here
a thought that comes to Stephen Brice:
When we meet the truly great several things
may happen. . In the first place, we begin to
believe In their luck or fate or whatever we
choose to call it and to curse our own. We
t>eff!a to reFuect ourselves the more and to
realize that they are merely clay like us;
that we are- great men without Opportunity.
Sometimes, if we live long enough near the
rreat, we begin to have misgivings. Then
there is hope for vs.
Frrm the viewpoint of the novel reader,
Stephen Brice is the hero. And a fine
fellow he is. too. He isj a young Boston
attorney, who eome<? to Si. Louis to try
his fortune? with Judge Whlpple, an old
friend of his father. Brice has an uo
hill road, but he climbs it with the steadi
ness cf Northern purpose and eventually
wins the goal.
Then there H Virginia Carvel and her
splendid old father. Colonel Carvel— both
descendants of that Richard Carvel we
have met before. Virginia is the perfect
type of the bostnf Southern women.
How she hates Stephen Brice'and would
love to hear something bad about him,
yet every one of his sterling deeds come
to her «-ars and you feel all along that his
love will eventually conquer her to un
conditional surrender.
We see Captain Grant unloading wood
r.t the back door of a St. Louis residence.
We hear him spoken about as a carpet
bajrper. When later there is some talk
of his commanding a regiment, "one who
knows" cays:
I Knotted him by % the Kl Sol cigar. He used
to brfnj? a load of Weed to the city once In a
vhile and thon he'd so . over to the Planters'
Honse or somewhere else and *mpke one of
these long fellows and sit against the wall as
"Kllent as a wooden Indian. After that he
rame vo to. the city without his' family and
went into real estate one winter. But . he
didn't make it go. Curious, it Is Just a year
.aro. this month that he went over to Illinois.
He'f an honoet fellow and hard working
enough, hut he doesn't know how. He's just a
dead, failure.
cence wrs there. " Stooping forward. Abraham
Lincoln began to speak, and Stephen Brlc«
hunp his head and shuddered. Could this fhrlll
falretto be the same voice to which he ,had
listened only that morning? Could this awk
ward.' yellow man with his hands behind his
back be he whom he had worshiped? Ripples
of derisive laughter; rose here and .there, on
the stand and from' the crowd. Thrice dis
tilled was the agony of those' moments!
But what wajt this feeling that gradually
crept over him? Surprise? Cautiously he
raised his eyes. The hands were coming around
to the front. Suddenly one of them was thrown
sharply back with | a determined gesture, the
head was raised— and— his shame was forgotten.'
In its stead wonder was come. But soon he
lost even that, for his mind was gone on* a
Journey. And when again he came to hlm
pelf and looked upen Abraham Lincoln this
was a man transformed. The voice was no
longer shrill. Nay, It was now a powerful in
strument which played strangely on those who
heard. Now It rose, and again It fell Into
tones so low as to start a stir 'which Epread
and spread, like a ripple in aypond. until it
broke on' the very edge of that vast audience.
We see hlmVgain after the debate when
the politicians find him playing the jews
harp to amuse a little child on his knee.
And then he appears as the President,
with all the heavy cares of the heart
rending of brother against brother that
followed; still even here he is the" same
rough Lincoln with the heart of gold, a
memory of infinity, and with a care for
every little mercy that may tend to bind
the wounds of his bleeding nation. •
From the press of Laird & Lee of Chi
cago, comes an entirely new and original
work of merit and completeness, entitled
L. & L.'s Vest-Pockef'Kaiser" dictionary.
German-English and.,, English-German.
The author is Dr. Ludwig von'Zorn. a dis
tinguished Heidelberg j University gradu
ate, residing in this country and an au
thority on both languages. His choice of
words has proved most intelligent and. his
Pocket German Dictionary.
The world-famed Niagara Falls are illus
trated by pen and picture, while an official
plan of the exposition grounds allows tho
visitor to find his way through the laby
rinth of superb edifices. To complete this
useful ,and practical volume, the publish
ers have inserted a very well classified
directory of Buffalo, furnishing one with
Information and addresses for every pos
sible emergency: Hotels, banks, parks,
public' buildings, etc., etc. (Navy blue
leather, full gilt, 25 cents. Cloth-fined
paper, 15 cents.) The same firm has issued
an edition of the "Souvenir Guide,", in the
Spanish language, a grateful tribute to
our many visitors from Mexico, Central
and South America.
"The Timo-Saver and Souvenir Guide to
the Pau-American Exposition" is a bound
vest pocket diary issued by Laird & Lee
or Chicago. Besides, the diary proper.
coVering the six monthsof the fair (with
memorandum and account pages) It con
tains full descriptions of all the buildings
of the Rainbow City and of the midway.
P,an- American Exposition Guids.
ful. How the two girls go through vary
ing experiences, finding even their condi
tions.and surroundings changed, Mrs.'Al
den tells in her customary suggestive and
attractive way. She- points the moral and
draws her conclusions forcibly, ( but not too
apparently; for the story is brightly and
entertainingly told. The boy of the story,
Fred-Aihsworth, is a fine follow, and the
book is one that children— and older.peo
ple, too— will read with pleasure. (Pub
lished by the Lothrop . Publishing Com
pany, Boston. Price. $1 50.)
It is not long since President Jones of
Hobart College, In a. public address at
New York, inveighed against the grow
ing luxury of American colleges. Yet in
the June Century, which is a college num-
Ver. President Hartley of Yale and Provost
Harrison of the -University, of Pennsyl
vania declare their conviction that the
prevalence of luxurious habits among un
dergraduates is not such , as to warrant
alarm. '„- President Kadley holds that the
danger becomes acute only "when the
courses of study becomes .widened and the
interests of the; students- more speclal-
Hamilton W. Mabie 4 begins in the
June Bookman a : remarkable char
acter sketch entitled "John Fos
ter." It is a descriptive story
of great beauty, dealing with the life of a
man of poetic nature, with the gift of
imagination, who ripens . ; In close com
panionship with nature Into a beautiful
and rare character but without the fac
ulty of expression; . -whose genius is. In
the end, interpreted and expressed by one
who enters into his. experience and gives
his thought form and shape for the world;,
a romance of the inner life in the vein of
Mr. Mabie' s "Forestof Arden". and some
of the. chapters of his "Study Fire."
Bird Lore (The Macmlllan Company) for
June may be called a Burroughs number
That popular . literary -naturalist con
tributes an Interesting story of "A Be
wildered Phoebe" and Bird Lore's editor,
Frank M. Chapman, gives an illustrated
account of a bird-nesting expedition with
Mr. Burroughs, in which ¦ the theory and
practice of bird-nesting are set forth with
pen and camera. An article byv Annie
Trumbull Slosson, the fourth of a series
of helpful papers on "Birds and Seasons,"
and numerous notes from bird students
go to make an unusually valuable num
ber. •' ¦;Vv.;" / ;, ,
Literary Notes.
The plot of the story is not Interesting;
the characters are commonplace and
crudely drawn. Altogether, the book is
unworthy serious consideration. (Pub
lished by Frederick A. Stokes Company,
New York.)
"Phllbrlck Ilowel." ly Albert Kinross,
is the story of the "outh and early man
hood of a -writer of fiction. The hero,
w..o gives his name to the title of the
book, is, judging from the author's de
scription, a young man of ability so
ordinary that it is difficult to credit .him
with the success with which he is sup
posed to meet.
Philbrick Howell.
"The Mind and Its .Machinery" is the
title of a series of books from the pen of
V. P. English, M. D., the author of many
works on different phases of medicine
and surgery. Volume I is' devoted to a
scientific basis for the reading of char
acter and a new and simplified descrip
tion of the temperaments. In the pres
ent book he explains how to estimate the
powers, talents, tendencies and capabili
ties of man and other animals. He gives
a description of body and mind, their in
ter-relations and the influence of each
upon the other, together with a new phil
osophy regarding the operation of a part
ol the bodily organs. (Published by the
Ohio State Publishing Company, Cleve
land, Ohio. Price. JL>
The Mind and Its Machinery.
Edna May.
1 R. H. iRuss'eil,* the New York publisher,
has added another gem to his collection
o£^.tbeatricalr~.souy«urs— this time It "is
pretty, dainty llttle~Kdna May. The pub
lication is given a very swell cover in
silver and gray with a photo of Edna
May by Marceau. The scenes and cos
tume photographs -which go to make up
the book are taken from "The Girl From
Up There." \ -
Archie Gunn is in evidence throughout
¦with clever wash drawings done in poster
effect of the charming little actress and
of scenes and characters which go to
make up the burlesque. The work is pub
lished with the authorization of Charles
Frohman and cannot fail to receive a
hearty welcome from lovers of art and
the drama who have others of this series
already on their library tables.
Coming after a ion? succession of
stories- of early colonial life. "The Tower
of Wye," by TUUam Henry Babcock.
has too little intrinsic merit to com-*
mend it to general notice. It Is a ro
mantic history of the settlement- of a
part of Maryland, and .deals with the
adventures of Richard Smith and Rat
clifTe Warren, young men sent from
England to Claiborne's colony on Kent
Island, in Chesapeake Bay. The young
Englishmen have many exciting experi
ences—first on the voyage to America,
and afterward when they are drawn into
the quarrels which arise between the
adherents, of Clalborne and those of
Lord Baltimore; but these are described
in an uninteresting way, which could be
endured in a textbook or history, but
which is -not in- keeping with the spirit
of romance. (Published by Henry Coates
& Co., Philadelphia. Price $1 50.)
The Tower of Wye.
The Hubaiyat.
Of the series of famous poems known as
"Flowers of Parnassus," published by
John Lane of New York under the gen
eral editorship of F. B. Money-Coutts.
volume IX has just appeared and is a
translation of the Rubaiyat of Omar
Khayyam. It is the celebrated English
version of Edward FitzGerald and has
been well illustrated by. Herbert Cole.
Considering the lowness of the price,
these books are a positive boon to the
lovers of good verse. The price in cloth
is 50 cents and. in leather 75 cents.
"The Potter and the Clay." by Maud
Howard Peterson, is a strong and de
lightful piece of work. The title is in
itself attractive, and Miss Peterson, with
the verse from the Rub.iiyat as a motive,
has wrought out a rare and absorbing
romance of conscience. A young American
girl from- a frontier -fort finds herself
in England with two British lads
whom she had known in childhood, now
grown to manhood, as officers in the
British army and suiters for her hand.
The contrasting natures of these two
men. the characteristics and .motives of
the girl. are. remarkably drawn; and the
way in which love acts and reacts makes
the stcry indeed, as it has been called, a
romance of conscience. But the strain,
as well as the Interest in the story, cen
ters upon Trevelyan— the clay that i3
thumped and molded and shaped and
shattered, as the potter— destiny, provi
dence, will, call it what we may— tries
and tests the clay that does not take the
perfr ct shape it should. Opinions will
vary as to Trevelyan's character. The
question as to whether he was a hero or
coward will be debated according as the
sympathies of the reader are swayed;;
while the characters of Stewart and Cary,
the heroine, show the well rvised man
and the true-hearted woman as foils for
,.Tre\elyan*s unsettled soul. The book is
full of rich descriptions: and the Ameri
can, English, Scottish and East Indian en
vironments and atmosphere unite in a
realistic and picturesque setting for a
strong and -absorbing story. The illustra
tions by Charlotte Harding enter into the
very soul of the situations. (Published
by the Lothrop Publishing Company.
Boston. Price $1 50.)
Th« Potter and the Clay.
The descriptions are true to nature,
whether hibernating on Mount Rheumatlz
or foundering' off Cape Horn. The char
acter-sketching Is by one who has studied
life. More nearly than any other recent
book it resembles "J6hn Inglesant," that
had so large a sale. The book is daintily,
made, and will/ bring a real pleasure to
the thinker, the student of life, and the
meeker for truths beautifully framed,
(i'ublished by the Lothrop Publishing
Company, Boston. Price $1.)
hungers after the infinite, it is because it
is made so."
"There is no amount of self-sacrltlce
and high aiming, strong crying and tears,
that can make good any lack of practical
wisdom in affairs." "The world's work Is
done by dray-horse power, not by spurt
and spirit." "The world's prophets wtre
never bookworms." "If the finite soul
The quotable things are many:
"The Dream of My Youth" is a book of
ideals from the pen of E. P. Tenney.
Like Mr. Tenney's "Coronation," this Is
an outdoor book, with a background of
White Mountain life, and dealing with
two coasts .and. with sea-going. Like
"Coronation," it is a conversational, or
Socratic, story upon visions in sociology
and literary dreams, having to do with
the highest, aims'- and those who go
through life looking upward.
, We understand that this is the first of
a series of similar Spanish readings which
the American Book Company has in prep
aration to meet the constantly increasing
demand for texts in this language. (Price
50 cents.)
The Dream of My Youth.
. "El Canitan Venenc," by D. Pedro A.
de Alarcon, and edited by George Griffin
Brownell, .-¦• professor of Romance lan
guages;' University of Alabama, is a
Charming novelette in the author's hap
piest vein. It humorously portrays the
fate of the crabbed, woman-hating old
soldier.-- nicknamed from his disposition,
"The Choleric Captain." The style In
which it is written Is simple and the story
is admirably suited for cAss reading. A
portrait of the author' and a sketch of
his life, with a brief historical preface,
giving an account of political conditions'
in Spain at the time of the story, prepare
the student for appreciative reading-.
Fcot notes throughout the volume explain
difficult constructions and furnish refer
ences to similar instances in the text; be
sides giving all needful help for the un
derstanding of allusions to Spanish cus
toms and history. A complete vocabulary
is included.
El Capitan Veneno.
j "In Deep Abyss," by Georges Ohnet,
translated from the French by Fred Roth
well, B. A., is a new novel by the author
of "The Ironmaster" that, can hardly fail
of a welcome. This latest product of the
celebrated French novelist is an absorbing
story of love and intrigue. The scenes are
laid in Paris, San Francisco, London and
elsewhere. Most of the characters are
typical of French life, gay and grave. A
principle is enunciated at the beginning of
the book: the fallibility of human Judg
ment "even in those, whose profession it
is .to pass .sentence and who are conse
quently ,in • 'a ; position to boast ! of special
experience"— thus * the .possibility of legal
error. The .*ploj_'.of*the. story reveals a
sensational instance of such* legal- error. 1
and the reader is taken through many
stirring events' and made to share In many
strong emotions. The story of the un
happy victim suggests by the force of cir
cumstantial . evidence the unscrupulous
villainy of those who plot against, him,
and the devotion of his friends the famous
Dreyfus case, which aroused the interest
of the whole world. (Published by Funk
& Wagnalls Company, New York. Price
$1 20.) ¦ ' :;•¦•¦-¦.
In I>sep Abyss.
This book should prove very popular In
schools and classes of astronomy and
should also appeal to the individual stu
dent who is seeking for some comprehen
sive work on the subject that he can
study without the aid of a teacher. (Prioe
$1 30.) .
The latest of the "Twentieth Century
Textbooks" from the press of D. Appletoa
& Co.,. New York, is "A Textbook of As
tronomy," by George C. Comstock, direc
tor of the Washburn Observatory an«i
professor of astronomy in the University
of Wisconsin. The number, excellence
and clearness of the half-tone reproduc
tions and maps make this book one of the
most valuable of its kind which has been
presented to our notice. The work has
been prepared simply as a textbook and
not as a compendium of astronomy or
an- outline course of popular reading in
that science: consequently matter which
permits of experimental treatment with
simple apparatus is of peculiar value and
is given prominence. The author says:
"Teacher and student are alike urged
to magnify the ooservational side of the
subject and to strive to obtain in their
work/ the maximum degree of precision
of which their apparatus is capable. The
instruments are few and easily obtained.
With the exception of a watch and a pro
tractor, all of the apparatus needed may
be built by any one of fair mechanical
talent who will follow the illustrations
and descriptions of the text."
A Textbook of Astronomy.
A unique feature -of this book is the
chapter on men's sports from a woman's
point of .view— from the view-point of the
spectator. -Football, baseball, yacht rac
ing, rowing- and athletics are all fully ex
plained, so that the uninitiated spectator,
either man or woman, may learn enough
of any of ths.se sports in a half hour's
reading of its chapters to appreciate the
game to be seen. The yachting chapter
has been specially prepared with an eye
to .the coming international races for the
America's cud. ¦
— It- is thoroughly Illustrated with half
tone reproductions (all full page size,
with large figures) of instantaneous pho
tographs snowing the correct and incor
rect methods in' the different sports.
. It has been the aim of Mr. Parct to
make the instruction in this book as sim
ple, as direct, as elementary as possible,
for its lessons are intended for the begin
ner in sports. (Published by D. Appleton
& Co., New York. Price $150.)
practical writer for the amateur sports
woman. Golf , lawrT tennis, sailing, swim
ming, bicycling and basket-ball have each
their chapters, and the devotee of any of
these sports. will find here much that will
be instructive. The book is an invaluable
guide for; the feminine novice in. sports,
for each, game is treated from .the ele
mentary standpoint, the first rudiments of
skill in all being explained in' a simple and
direct manner for practical use. Here will
be found the condensed teachings of # the
best professional tr istr'io*nrs. nifl !<-¦>•
woman should quickly learn any of the
.Kames^by studying its cnapters. Ab.»*f
all, the' reason for everything* required is
fully, explained., so that many .who are
already skillful can learn from this hook
much of the underlying principles of the
various amateur sports. '¦¦' '
CHINA AND THE ALLIES— By A.
Henry Savage Landor. Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York. Two vols., $7 50.
INDIAN BASKETRY — By George
Wbarton James. Henry Malkan, New-
York. $2.
THE ABANDONED FARMER— By
Sydney H. Preston. Charles Scribner's
Sons. New York, $1 23. .
A SOLDIER OF THE KING-^-By, Dora
M. Jones. Cassell & Co., • Now York,
fl 25.
LOVE-IN-A-MIST— By Post Wheeler.
The Camelot Company. New York.
THE HOME LIFE OP "WILD BIRDS—
By Francis H. Herrick. G. P. Putnam's
Sons, New York. $2 50.
Books Received.
JACK RAYMOND— By E. I* Voynich.
J. B. Lippincott Company, Philadelphia.
$150. ~
A few quick questions established tha
fact that she hatt not noticed the name
of the author. Before this discovery the
dismissal of the cook had been a sealed
verdict, but, In justice to the force and
delicacy of the compliment thus paid Mr.
Horton's powers as a narrator, the ver
dict was set aside and the cook escaped
with a warning that her literary tastes
must thereafter be held in subjection un
til the family dinner was safe on the
table. . • ;
Instantly there was a rush to the
kitchen, where the cook was found in
tears and the goose burned almost to cin — -
dors. When the penitent domestic re
gained sufficient control of herself to
{¦peak she confessed that she had become
so engrossed In a story that she had en
tirely forgotten the roasting fowl. In
proof of the. extenuating circumstances
she drew from under her apron a paper
containing Mr. Horton's serial.
Shortly after he returned from Athena
and became' literary editor of the- Chicago
Times-Herald he began the publication
in serial form of "Like Another Helen."
The author has a strong predilection for
roast goose, and one Saturday provided
an extra fine fowl of this kind for his
Sunday dinner. His appetite was well at
tuned to do justice to this favorite dish,
and shortly before the fowl was to bo
served he was horrified to catch the odor
of burning meat.
George Horton. author of "Like Another
Helen," the popular romance of the Cre
tan war, and ex-United States Consul to
Athens, knows a. compliment when he re
ceives it and responds to it with an appr^
elation which has in it a touch of poetlo
justice.
The important topics of the month, tho
world over, are popularly discussed in tho
current World's Work. The financial boom."
and panics, the new politics of the South,
educational matters In the South and else
where, the doings in Cuba. China, the
Philippines, the President's trip and the
Pan-American Exposition are among a
largo number of subjects talked of in the
"March of Kvents," and in "Among the
World's Workers" are such varied topics
as public land, postal statistics. English
parcel delivery, bridges, automobiles,
trade schools, music, the Y. M. C. A., en
gineering, butter-making. machines,
bteamers and trains. Professor DuBois"
description of the negro at home in tho
black belt of Georgia is of stirring.inter
est, as is H. A. Stanley's story of the im
measurable unfolding possibilities of the
Puget Sound country. Professor John
Craig tells of the Cornell system of teach
ing farmers. Dr. McConnell of modern
methods of teaching preachers and Dr.
Burnham of the ideal school building.
John Martin gives examples of successful
municipal ownership in Europe, and
Charles A. Conant figures interesting re
sults from statistics of wealth. Sir Hiram
Maxim has some very interesting re
marks on British and American trade in.
an interview which Chalmers Roberts re-
ports. Arthur Goodrich contributes a
story of a "Traveling Man's Day's
Work." and the new University of Cali
fornia buildings are shown in. handsome
pictures and in text by Victor Henderson.
In the days of the Ku Klux Klan terri
ble stories came up' from the South of tho
attempts of the Southern whites to intim
idate negro voters. The drastic outrages
were given wide publicity, but not so
much so the subtler methods of suppress
ing black votes, although these were
equally effective.. In his recent novel.
"Henry Bourland." the writer has made
a study of some of these means. One was
very simple, yet doubly advantageous to
the opposite party. The negroes, unable
to read. had. been instructed by their
leaders to put their mark opposite Lin
coln's nose, whose head was the emblem
of their party. By trickery the opposite
side got the ballots printed so that th»
head was reversed, and the negroes un
wittingly voted for the other candidate.
ized." He sounds a not© of warning
against the Increasing tendency to spe
cialization in certain universities.
A novel by Frederick U. Adams Is an
nounced for publication on June 17 by the
Lothrop Publishing Company. The
theme Is the kidnaping of six New York
millionaires by an irresponsible newspaper
correspondent and treats of the various
adventures of. the marooned magnates,
the Wall street panic caused by their
mysterious disappearance and their final
rescue through the efforts of an enterprls
?ng newspaper.' It forms a book \>t 500
pases and those who have read the ad
vance sheets are generous in their
praises of Mr. Adams' contribution to
spirited fiction and adventure.
T11J5 .:¦. S'UJ^' DAY. CA Lli. |
4
WRITERS OF BOOKS
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 FOST STREET, .
SAN FRAKasCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices. Postage is
free.
A. M. ROBERTSON.
The Books Reyiewed
dN THIS PAGE
j THe booK every- I
I body is talKin£ I
J -iiUINCYAmMJ-JAVYrRn 1
H AW VUSON'S CORKqi TOIKS |j
J3 w»«i M -m». ->«i to cm* fen. u4 k«w H
M _ Isif k« Im»<1»4 l. »uy.* 2J
Y Th? best Jfetoj!ngland\
1 story ever written. 1
I Over 100,000 a *jL I
I Jit all booksellers 1
1 Jfok By the author cf B
I SM^ THE GADFLY J
i SiSlr By E. L. Voynich |
H lw# " remar^ a^ e book. The strongest novel @
H • . \jf ¦ -that the. present season has produced." — .Pall |
E ¦ *w Mall Gaseiie, London. '¦¦¦' ; v . B
H ¦•-¦¦ >5i.5o J. B. Lippjncott Company, Philadelphia ISOME MOST PECULIAR DUELS.
TThe stories of American duels are
of great Interest and are among
the most famous In the whole his
tory of dueling, but they are too
¦well known to be repeated. The majority
have been desperato tragedies, when
prood men and true Lave boen led to kill
csich other often through misrepresenta
tions that lost the world many a noble
and helpful life. Ono, however, that was
net so disastrous was between an Ameri
can and a hot-headed foreigner. What
the quarrel was history stateth not;
perhaps It was eo small as to be quite
overlooked, but at all events It was ar
ranged that the two take their places on
kegs of powder, with a lighted fuse
placed In the bunghole of each. The
kegs, of course, were empty, but as the
foreigner saw the fire slowly burning
down to the supposed volcano below him
his courage failed him and he fled.
SU21 more Interesting Is the story of the
Yankee skipper and the Englishman.
In the earlier days there was not much
love lost between the two factions, con
sequently It was no very hard matter to
pick a quarrel, especially when each
thought the death of the other would ,>e
a service not only to his country, but to
the world. In this particular cafe the
fkipper of a weather-beaten Yankee
whaler met an-Engllshman in a foreign
port and hatr^in altercation with him.
perhaps over a matter of precedence. A
duel was arranged, and at the appoint
ed time the Englishman appeared, brlng
!nj with him two swords, as, though the
Yankee had the choice of weapons, he
inferred that the armory of a whaler
contained no . such luxuries. But the
skipper would not accept the proffered
¦weapons, whereupon the other brought
out a handsome pair of dueling pistols.
These, too, were refused, and the Eng
lishman demanded In astonishment what
his opponent did want to fight with,
whereupon the Yankee replied ho had
brought his "weapons with him, and pro
duced a pair of well-sharpened
poons! The Englishman of course pro
tested; but as the choice of weapons did
not lie with him he was obliged to ac
cept the harpoon. When the Yankee
raised the murderous-looking piece the
Englishman knew that arm. experienced
in piercing the dodging whale, could not
fail to miss him. The unwieldy harpoon
began to shake in his awkward hand and
he flung it down, leaving the exultant
Yankee master of the situation.
Another interesting duel fought' with
out the use of ordinary weapons had for
one of its principals the Dul^e of Rich
mond, then Viceroy of Ireland.-.' His ti
tle to fame rests on the fact of his be
ing a great duelist and a six-bottle man,
able to drink all his staff and gentlemen
guests under the table. On a visit to a
friend in the we?t of Ireland the duke
complained that he had no one to drink
v.ith him. and his host, wishing -to
remedy this deficiency, sent for a curate
famous for his liquor, drinking. After
five bottles had been disposed of by each
the curate complained ¦ that it was too
slow work and proposed \ bumpers of
brandy. These were immediately filled
and as quickly emptied. ' Fresh bumpers
were then filled for each, but as the rep
resentative' of the church stretched' out
his hand to receive one he - fell helpless
to . the floor. On the following day th«
duke made him a dean, remarking that
if he had been victorious in the'drinking
duel his curacy would have' been ex
changed for a bishopric.
A little earlier than this the famous Dr.
Young, going with some ladies to Vaux
hall. then the rendezvous of all the beauty
and fashion of London, played on the Ger
man flute to , amuse them. '.Just K behind
them came a boatload of officers, and
when the" doctor ceased playing one -of
them insisted- that he should continue or
be thrown into. the water. Wishing to
avoid a dispute before his friends lie' con
tinued, but arriving at his destination he
sought out' his tormentor and demanded
satisfaction with swords and without sec-
onds early the following morning. When
they met, however, and hau taken their
places the doctor instantly drew out a
huge horse pistol and. pointing, it" at the
officer's' lead, compelled him to dance a
minuet. The officer had no choice' but to
.obey, and for a quarter. of an hour kept
up the danoe. The doctor then lowered
his pistol, saying as they "were quits they
might now arrange another affair with
seconds and the officer might have satis
faction.
But if England. was an uncomfortable
place to live in in those days France was
Still worse. >. Such a state" of affairs ex
isted that In 1041 was instituted the "Sa
vior's truce," whereby duels were prohib
ited from ." Wednesdays until \ Mondays.
/But, like all other forbidden things,- the
duel rather grew in favor than decreased.
Montaigne says: / "If three Frenchmen
wer« rut into the * Libyan desert they
would not be a month there without fight
ing and quarreling." Cases are
¦ of .father and son facing each r other in
mortal combat/ brother arrayed against
brother and the dearest of friends killing
each other for absolutely nothing-except
perhaps. a misplaced. word. Even the'wo
rnen of France have fought, Jthough. in
deed, it was no very unusual" occurrence
in any country for a wife to disguise her
self m her husband's armor when he was
to meetthe foe himself. "•.-¦ .*, ¦ ..,'."
; One of the > most famous of '¦the 1 women
duelists of France" was. Maupin, -one of
the x performers at the opera. Scrane, the
famous fencing, master; ; fell in love with
her and gave her many valuable lessons
In the art. One evening; at. a ball Maupin
was very rude to -another "lady and was
¦requested to leave the room. 'She replied
she would If those gentlemen who * had
espoused the' ladv's cause would accom
¦ pany her. This they consented to; do.- and
¦after a hard combat she killed^ them all.
Then she quietly returned to the ballroom.
But of ' these- affairs, no count "can be
made. More people have . probably "lost
their -lives over, some foolish quibble* than
have been killed in a dozen wars fcjr their
country's good. '• - : : <\ V ;'•• •' *;: r^
Directly across from the sideboards is
a large, roomy couch, with an army of
soft pillows. Here and there are comfy
rocking-chairs, and everything, in fact,
that helps to make life comfortable on
One end of the living-room Is devoted
to sideboards. One is for play— inasmuch
as silver trophy cups, cut glass and
chaffing dishes repose there — but the
Bmaller one is meant for work. There are
bottles and bottles and all sorts and con
ditions of glasses.
flve, and there's always room for an
other. She likewise boasts of a pianola,
and her owners are voted first-class mu
sicians by their neighbors. .
There are pictures— pictures everywhere.
One corner is filled with ballet girls,- and
interspersed- between them are monks,
who are gravely-enjoying the quaint sit-
.¦ Perhaps the smallest ark,' but the most
artistic one in the stream, is the Merrie
Jim, owned by W. F. Hall and E. Hobson
Merwin. Her main room is a picture in
itself, and one involuntarily looks, stops
and smiles. The walls, ceilings, portieres
and floor are of a brilliant red, and. all
the furniture is black. — .
shore, but a luxury on water. The state
rooms are roomy and each possesses a
marble basin, which all water fiends can
appreciate to the fullest extent.
' ,' " Time slips its tether,
i.-.V-^When good", fellows get together,
¦ ... ""With a steln'on the table i,"
"—'¦And a cood sons rlncins * clear. '""
- -'V ¦ ' "' ** r; ">' ; \
So life goes oh,, sometimes -with more,
sometimes with less fun,' but there is
never a ¦ dull day. -"When every : one- has
settled down for the night and dream
land Is, the next station, some noisy soul
has just energy enough left to pipe: ¦)
• The rules and regulations that govern
"The' Holy City" ""are as long as one's
goodjright arm, and theyhave a book of
;"don'ts," too>^The chief; one-Is \ "Dpn't
dress; up." The* rule that is strictly en
forced is the forty : leventh. When one
ark' wants, for instance, sugar, and there
is none to be found jj in 'the" neighbors'
bins, something is very apt' to be, doing.
Such .carelessness is not to be tolerated
for ' an_ Instant. A vote is; taken to
'elect the victim, and he gets : more than
his customary morning plunge.. .;/¦*. ••-,'.
_ The Bat, owned by Brlckell and Bowes,
is^ another dispenser of hospitality,- but
the, boys will spend most of their spare
time on board their yacht, the Gehesta. ,
Three yachts, the Henrietta, Fleetwing
and Vesta, sailed 'for a sweepstakes of
$90,000,' each • vessel putting up $30,000. The
Henrietta, owned by James. G. 'Bennett
and commanded by Captain Samuels,
won. The picture, which occupies the
place of honor, was painted by a son of
the :. captain, who . presented it to Mr.
O'Brien. * ' * -
The boudoirs are' green and white, and
no stray color ever mars the harmony.
The galley is just large enough for a
range, \a blue-flame stove, a sink and a
Jap. but it turns out dinners that would
do honor to the largest and best equipped .
kitchen and an expert chef thrown' in.
.The Polllwog belongs to popular v ark
dom.and her owner, J. H. O'Brien," has
served two years as king. The living
room is finished in natural wood, and all
the * trimmings and furnishings corre
spond.' The walls are lined with pictures
that, are of Interest to all sailors and
would-bes. O'Brien owns one picture that
makes his neighbors turn green
envy, and that is the start of the blg>
race from Sandy Hook to the Needles in
18S6. '•. • ..¦¦ '. ¦'¦ '.
The useful coal oil lamps are a decided
ornament. The one in the center of the
room is held in a wrought-lron bowl,
which in turn is hold in place by heavy
iron chains. Small black candlesticks and
lanterns with red shades are placed about
so that no corner may be too dark.
uation. But the pride of the ark is the
rare, old china, which is tucked snugly
away on a shelf just out of one's reach.
The Argonaut boasts of a living-room
large enough to comfortably hold twenty-
The largest ark that swings and sways
lazily In the shadow of Tamalpals Is
owned by Jennings and Johns, who per
haps &re better known as the owners of
the yacht Speedwell, that flutters all
kinds of blue pennants carried away after
a race.
The Clnlng-room and living-room ar»
usually a combination. Some are large
and some small, but all are extremely
cozy end filled -with good cheer.
The days are usually quiet enough, ex
cepting holidays and Sundays. The Japs
have things pretty much their own way.
and climb into boats and visit around
themselves. But when the dinner hour
rolls around t^e "Holy City" Is full of
life &nd the water Is full of small boats,
all being rowad in a hurry toward that
festive board which makes of man a dif
ferent creature.
The ceremony over, life really begins in
earnest. If one could call the butterfly
flitting and wasting of time, life, and not
existence.
The following timrning the king steps
into his barge of state. 1 which is the old
est and worst looking boat that floats,
and is rowed through a line of his new
and t>ov.-ing subjects. As - the crowd
cheer* the mighty chief bows and smiles
graciously from his cracker box throne
and goes complacently on his 'way, pro
tected from the sun's warm rays by a
large and sometimes battered Japanese
umbrella.
Belvedere has always been the center
of the "lizards' " home. They anchor all
about in the pretty streams that eventu
ally empty into San Francisco Bay. This
year quite :i colony ha? settled between
Corte Madura, an.d Escalles. and the place
is dubbed "The Holy City." ; :
The great ceremony of choosing and
crowning a kins was duly celebrated. The
most popular fallow on the arks is chosen
as king, and hU subjects swear allegiance
ir. bumper after bumper. This Is not
meant to entirely Bffirnlfy Jhe "more the
merrier." but dimply to thoroughly bind
and strengthen the new ties.
All winter some arks have shown signs
of life, and on Saturdays and Sundays
have boasted of visitors and a rollicking
good time. Xow everybody who owns even
a tub -will throw her doors open and royal
ly welcome her friends and her friends'
friends. Nowhere else does one find such
a cordial greeting:. Every one is glad to
t*>e everyV-ody else.
.To Easterners who are visiting 1 sunny
California for the first time this free out
rf-door ark lifa is a marvel, somewhat of
a mystery, but a joy forever. To live on
the water month In and month out. in all
ports of •weather, which with us really
means rainy, blowy and sunny, is utterly
beyond their comprehension.
** y OW that the yachting Eeason na»
/\ I opened with a grand flourish and
I \ a blowing of trumpets the arkites.
V *" v,Y.o are their next door neigh
bors. have donned a new frock,
put on a smiling face and stretched forth
the glad hand.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
LIFE ON A MODERN ARKIT was ¦ between thunder storms that
they made the Grindelwaltl trip on the
highest mountain railway in the world.
They started on the trip at Inter
>Oachen. From there the railroad
Mi«cenOs in a twisting course, making its
'« a v by means of dodglngs and t-wirls
A number • of photographs from
this collection are reproduced on thess
pares. You can follow the Mattner
party f ro4n .north to south and with
out the cost of- transportation.
T7 T brings Europe near to us f-6 look
over a collection of photographs
W such as Dr. E. H. Mattner brought"
home t? San. Francisco from his year
r.broad. Go over them with him and
hear his tales of adventures in their
localities; let that jolly boy of his,
Paul by name, bring out his diaries
to jog the paternal memory; and Eu
rope comes very near. The Matter
horn risfs in the vicinity of Tel-;
graph Hill; the Grindenwald railway
might bs running, on any of oua city
tracks; you can hear ' St. Mark's
pigeons fluttering in City Hall square
and you can sse Martin Luther's
devil crawling on the nearest wall.
Paul related to me the details of prepar
ation. It is plain enough that he was men-
One-balf the mountain Is in Italy, but
the part that Is climbed lies across the
Ew'ss line. By virtue of a curve the en
tire summit is in the little country. This
ja how it comes that Swiss laws govern
the ethics cf ascent
"Papa wouldn't let me climb the Mat
terhorn." says Paul.
"You bet I wouldn't." says papa.
"He wouldn't climb it himself, either,"
says the younger.
"You bet I wouldn't." affirms the elder.
"I know I- could have done it."
"All rieht. We took your word for It.
No need to prove it."
Perhaps that is how it happens that the
younger Mattner returned from abroad.
Of those who have attempted the great
climb, many of long years; Alpine ex
perience have been killed.
Just why Europe thinks of inviting hot
visitors to make it is something I never
coukl discover. With the good chancts of
death. !t strikes me that it comes ton
near suicide to be temptatious. We have
never yet asked any tourist to shoot Ni
agara for pastime. . We shouldn't call it
hospitable. But Switzerland *a.va: "Come
and try a hand at committing suicide.
We'll do our best to help you. And If
you succeed we'll be sure to .save a'.l the
souvenirs we can find of you— any belt
buckles, matches, hairpins, card cases—
any articles that you may chance to spill
by' the way, and we'll put them on ex
hibition."
This is the way that Switzerland ente*-
The Matterhorn.'
"In spite of :he hard climbing, the trip
pays a thousand times over," they say,
"for the. views can't be surpassed."
They describe the blue light Inside the
cave as wonderfully' fine, being ! the re
flected effect of the sunlight.. •
"The queer thing about this is that it
isn't particularly cold, even after you get
deep into it." say the tourists. "At its
mouth you wish you had an umbrella and
in default of one you make a break and
run, for the dripping of melting ice is like
a heavy rain."
Besides the glacier itself Is to be seen
an ke cave 200 feet long, dug out by man.
In the end the road grows too steep for
the engine's asthmatic lungs and it comes
to e halt. At this .point the route is taken
up by a stage: when this gives out, the
tourist must walk. If he isn't equal to
the climb he misses the. Eight of the great
glacier, the Grindelwald, which is what
he came for.
M^st of the way a fussy stream follows
heckle the track*, growing rantankerous
here and there where the rocks offer fight.
It is a stream of so many names that the
ftverage. tourist doesn't pretend to call it
anything: it is like al! of its kind, one
thirs to one peasant and another to an
other, and each man asked alqng the road
has a different name to call it by.
Ti.u train that carries tourists for an
p'jtr.T^eGUs sum consists of one poorly
furnished' car n.nd a clumsy little engine
that pushes. The car' is an open one. ar
ranpred for observation; tourists jam the
windows and' crane their necks In their
endeavor to see their money's worth.
and lor»<» art short spirals up the moun
tains. It grows steeper mile by mile, and
the scenery grows more mad and more
beautiful. Precipices that m.ike your head
Fwim and\that fascinate you into the de
siro in leap adown them: mountains that
ftrrtoh v/hitf-rlipped edges against a
hackpround of blue sky; ravines, gulches,
JagRed 'rocks?, smooth rooks, snow and
pir,<:s— a twisting, changlr.fr panorama.
Luther's patience was at an end. In an
explosion of righteous wrath he picked
up the Ink bottle, and .the devil, appar
ently seeing its danger, buzzed excitedly
away.. It lighted on the wall shown in
the photograph just as Luther threw,
and the bottle struck against the wall
Shooing didn't do any good because it
was the devil that he was trying to shoo
and the devil has stick-to-lt-lveness. As
fast as it was frightened away it came
back and tormented him again.
"Shoo!", said Martin Luther.
It is the wall whereon his ink bottle
struck. The devil, in the form of a fly.
persisted in annoying the writer one day
by walking over his laboriously written
page. As fast as the ink made its
tracks the Evil One followed them,
making smudges and obliterating the let
ters.
Here Is i the castle above Eisenach,
where Martin Luther was carried at tha
command of Frederick, and where he
lived imprisoned In the room pictured.
Dressed as a knight, he was known as
"Junker George" during his sojourn
there. In this room he labored at hi?
translation of the Bible. Day after day
he wrote at the great table, now worn
with age and sagged out of shape. Day
after day he sat there In the stern un
cushioned chair and forgot its discom
fort in his labor of love. The pictures,
the chest, the carved cabinets are the
same that they were then.
The change is In the defaced wall. Here
the hand of the tourist Is In evidence.
Where Martin Luther thought and
preached and wrote— the castle o* Wart
burg—is a treasured landmark now, and
the hand of tho pilfering tourist plucks
plaster souvenirs from Its wall.
Wartburg Castle.
Both men and women have made the
climb, and others have attempted It. The
death of those who fall is too horrible to
remember.
A peculiar pleasure Is Indulged In by
the successful In viewing the cablneted
relics of the unsuccessful. A museum Is
devoted to this purpose, and whatever 13
left of their belongings is preserved.
These vary from overcoats to cigarettes.
The garments used on the trip must be
of the heaviest material to withstand the
tearing of the rock3. So of 'the gloves.
The cold Is so Intense toward the summit
that a hood wiih ear tabs, must be worn.
"I knew exactly how to fit myself out
for the trip." 3ays Paul. \
"And that's »li the good It did you," re
plies his fath3r.
The ethics cf the rope are governed
by the law of the land. The traveler goes
between the two" guides with a long teth
er of rope Joining him to each. If a guide
falls the traveler may cut the rope and
let him fall alone, granting himself the
chance of holding his own. But if tho
traveler falls, ti>e guides mtfy not cut the
rope to save themselves. They must
hold on and attempt to save the stranger.
Shooting Is a guide's penalty for break-
Ing this law. However, It 1» a pretty
hard law to en'oree, for a man In falling
Is likely to swlrg back and forth against
sharp rock edges until the rope cuts it
self and it Is never easy to prove whether
this were the case or not.
A bit of a ledge may offer a. tempting
step and a foot be securely planted upon
it when crash, the step gives away. A
spike may be firmly driven In the Ice
when with a crunch and a crumble tha
supporting Ice tails. A distance may be
well gained by means of natural steps
and all look promising when suddenly
there rises a wall of sheer stone without
a ledge or a .-pot in which spike can be
driven, and in vain scrambles to reach
beyond, the foot may slip.
tally equipped tn tase tne parental de
cision should weaken.
"The outfit for the trip costs 300 francs."
he safd.
"And what does that consist of?"
"Two guides— one to precede and one to
follow the tourist (tiiey have to be liber
ally paid): WO feet of hemp rope, tha
strongest kind: an ice-pick, candles, pro
visions for two day?, heavy hobnailed
shoes, mitts, a hood, a heavy suit of
clothes."
"What is the Ice-pick for?"
"In making the ascent holes are dug In
the Ice and spPxes driven in to be used aj
steps when nature provides none — and this
is most of the way." .
It ssems that the start is made from
"^ermatt, that conglomeration of neatness
ami dirt that is characteristic ft iho
Swi£** towrs. Up a fairly easy sljpe the
traveler p.scenJa for a day: at t!:e end
of this time ho is at the base of the Mat
terliorn end there he stops over night,
camping in the empty house which exists
for the purpose.
At 3 in the morning he Is roused by
his guides unless the climb Is so thor
oughly on his nerves by this time that he
hasn't been asleep anyway. With tho
glimmer of daylight they are off on the
fearful ascent.
It grows baider and steeper from, start
to finish. Unless one has thf geniU3 of
f goat for climbing there Is nothing but
foolhardtnes3 in the attempt, and eve.*
then deaib- is ;\ big chance. The exper
ienced guides can count on a fatal fall
sooner or later.
SUNDAY CALL. %
tains.
6
ODD NOOKS IN EUROPEVenice, with its water}' streets, has not
icany open dry spaces to boast of. So
this oblong stretch of pavement seems to
the Venetian to be room enough for all
the parados and out of door assemblies
and celebrations that ever Venice rejoiced
in. or the world for the matter cf that.
To visitors coming from terra lirma it
dees not .seem so much of a big thing.
The wonderful old buildings that surround
it are the objects of interest. But his
torical spots are commonplace to people
who have been born and bred where his
tory was at home-. The natives who
throng the Piazza are most interested in
the pigeons that gather there to be fed.
They are sacred pigeons, protected by
Italian law, which is as fierce as Paliaii
lawlessness. The pigeons apparentlv un
derstand th!s to the full, for they come in
flocks at feeding time and alight on any
hand or shoulder that offers itself. Men,
women f.nd children all collect there to
feed them as regularly as the clock strikes
and so regularly are the birds on hand.
St. Mark's Church is at the end of the
Piazza and St. Mark's bell-tower beside
it. This is the tower built upon 90") onn
piles. It rises 350 feet into the air, and
there aloft perches an angel who can
overlook all the city.
The point of vantage for one who climbs
this tower in some distance below the
angel, hut still so high that Xapoleon
thoi-ght it worth while to ride horseback
The tower up which Napoleon -rode
stand? out in first distinction in this view
of the Piazza, the largest open space in
all Venice.
Tiie Piazza of St. Mark.
But so long as it endures, sitting there
in stern dignity, clasping the holy key.
so U ng will it be a shrine for offerings
of devotion. St. Peter is dear to the
t hurchman of Home, and so long as he
sits within cold walls of Italian art his
devotees will not fail him in their gifts
from the outor world of Italian sunshine.
It will take a great many years to do
that— more, by far, than it has taken to
bring it to its present condition. In the
meantime it and the Vatican may crum
ble together. The mosaics and the paint
ings and the statues may have disap
peared from the face of the earth. The
candles that stand before it may have
ceased to burn; the censer may have
ceased to swing.
After the gift has been laid at -the saint
ed feet, the giver rubs a handkerchief
across the projecting toe. kisses it. rubs
it asain. The result of years of that is
its gradual wearing away. Will it disap
pear ir. time, people wonder? Will the
great, solemn bronze figure endure to be
come footless?
Year in and year out they have been
bringing him flowers, gorgeous wreaths
of them, masses of them. On the day of
rach year dedicated to him the bronze
figure l;as been burled in the fragrant,
brilliant heaps brought by worshipers. On
other days of the year it is never with
out offerings.
The figure stands in the Vatican, back
grounded by splendid mosaic decorations,
canopied by embroidered and tasseled
hangings, and surmounted far above by
the tablet and portrait of Pius IX. He
is a much-beloved St. Peter by the good
Catholics of Rome and by pilgrims from a
distance.
The famous toe of St. Peter shows
plainly in the picture, and its worn
smoothness is there. Rubbed and kissed
and rubbed again, it has gradually worn
down during fhe years until it is as flat
as a pancake and as smooth as glass.
Statue of St." Peter.
Xot so quick was the settlement of the
affair. It took thirty years of bloodshed
and bereavement and sickness and sor
rowing and all that is attendant upon
warfare for the trouble to be finished.
"What the Grafthurn seems to have ac
complished was to perpetuate the names
of his victims while his has to be hunted
up in the records.
was promptly done when they were In
the assembly hall from which the win
dow looks down. It Is a far greater height
than it appears in the picture; the trees
and shrubs below hide the ground. It
was far enough for the purpose of the
Graft hum, and they were both killed
quickly.
Th« re at the top of that treesy slope,
where they could overlook that Bohemia
of their?.- in the rooms of the many win
dow f~ ihor#» the Bohemian kings had their
dwelling place and made merry in the old
yenrs.
HradF<-hin is the name of the castle hill.
Thar rtees 2i(> feet. Ii is one of the sights
of Prague and the picture on this page
gives ;i dear Idea of its magnificent site.
Th" o.-jstie in itself is not a beautiful
bnil^ir.s. Its proportion* are pretty near
ly ur.sairily and there Is a barraeks.-like
srre'ch of bare wall and tiny windows.
Th* situation of the castle is what makes
its beauty. It has the «=ummit of the hill
all t<- itself and it rises clean-cut against
the sky. v.ithout even a tree to break in
upon its isolation. Below it lie trees and
t-hrubs in masses that look unbroken
when seen from a distance. It keeps you
guessing t.-< Bnd out bnw anybody ever
penetrates them to reach the castle. They
appear to \-— ¦ barricade in themselves
and it wouldn't s^om worth while to
bother about ¦ tno:it and drawbridge.
However, there is one. I believe, and
or.'.y with an elaborate permit from the
proper officials can entrance be obtained.
Aftei this is accomplished you may wish
you hadn't, for the hill is climbed by
means of stairs and there are 203 of these.
They land you at the ground of the castle
and there are st ep S a-plenty to follow.
Thr- old place is kept sacredly in order
nov/adays. Its chapel and numerous as
sembly ha!!s are rigidly clean and orderly
an-1 nothing in thorn is ever disturbed.
In the rare old chapel John Nepmont
lies buried — John Nepmont, who was
thrrwn from the Carl's bridge, below the
castle. His silver coffin contains 3700
woight of the metal, or an amount valued
at 200.000 gulden. This represents not the
coffin alone, but the figures in silver of
cherubim that surmount it. If funeral
pomp can atone for troubles during life,
rarely John Nepmont ought to be enjoy
ing a sense nf poetic justice.
The gorgenusness of th«- chapel has
r»een steadily increased since its earlv
building by Charles the Fourth. It wa's
rebuilt by Maria Theresa. It contains
more precious stones than any chapel in
the world. I understand, and its decora
tions are largely in real silver and gold.
The assembly halls, too. are splendidly
mted out and kept as if awaiting the old
time assemblages of royalty that once
discussed state problems or made merry
within them. They are all vitally his
torical, and the guide can't get through
one of them without rattling oC enough
history to form a thesis.
The r-astle is composed of several
nuudings. which look like, one These
differ considerably in style and so give
ti.e effect of hodge-podg-" noticeable from
below. Irside they hare a more sym
metrical app'-aranco.
If you v.-ill count the top row of win
dows under the rouf. beginning at the
left. I ran show you when- the imperial
counselors v. ere thrown out. There ar»
Fix windows on Ihe end: then tlree
fi round the corner: then two around an
other corner. It was In the second of
these ?wo. that is. the right-hand one
that the tragedy happened. That tr-tgedv
was the beginning of the Thirty Years'
War , f
The nonnsslofs wre MartfnMz and Sia
v.a\u. a? you probab'v remember I
OJdn't. l>'jt you ought to. For some rea
son, which; 1 believe, vras a religious one
dfartinJtz and Slawata displeased the
rSrafthnnC who ordered that thev bn
Steposed <;f in" the quickest way possible
There ri!d net seem anything: BO ouick as
Jxrowing them out of the window, so it
ITradschin.
The steeplen building on the top of the
hill is the palace of the old Bohemian
kinps.
Tie Oidfst Synagogue.
The queer little <>i«i building at Prague
is the one «rhere the Jeww first ametnbied
lo worship ir. a building dedicated to t!i»'
purpose. It la ih< oldest synagogue, !>•—
ing live hundred and ninety-two years
old.
There the Severn assembled almost six
hundred ye»rs .igo ; md :ire aussembliti£
Mill for th-ir s>- .< nth day services. It
never could have been anything but
Bloomy; it if barnllke in form and ;the
vindows ore is fevi as possible. The
light within : s= barely sufiicient to read
by-
The entrant la by the little door open-
Ing upon The left hand street. This looks
like thro* sifts In a plastered wall. It is
so little In evidence that it might lx? an
entrance to naw house of mystery, and
it suggests <iark deeds rather than the
honest worshiping or simple people. The
door opens into a dark walled passage
covered with the same dingy plaster as
the first story of the church itself. It
looks like a defense.
Only two small round windows, port
hole style, look out upon the wide street
from the lirsi frvnr. Above in the high
brick pa Me ar.' three s'.its of windows
that Eeem to i» t out dark instead of let
ting in light. The roof, which shoots up
to a great p»'«k. is tiled. The building
•was evident;.-, jut up to last.
Close behind it lies tha- old Jewish ceme
tery. Some of the monuments are well
preserved even to-day and are in style
much lik» our up-to-date monuments.
Their Inscriptions are unintelligible to
most. Only one thing carved ihjereon is
plain — that is the family name. This was
always carted in iigure representation
inst<-a<l of letters: ihus. the figure of a
d-H-r would stand fcr the family of Hirsch
an i a bunch of grapes for Weinstock.
The old cemetery is only a landmark
now. The church is attended by only the
poor Jews of the dreary district wherein
ft stands They have no money to keep
it u;j; ii^ service is plsfn. its music sim
ple, its furnishings scant. The wealth df
th« race h:is gone otherwheres. The chief
Interest In ihe old synagogue is found by
the tourist.
and fly with a ;rr. at crash end splash.
The ink spot on the wall ha? been
shown to visitor* of late years and the
souvenir habit h:«s been the ruin of the
vail. Bvnry 1 it of the Ink splash has
lK-en removed ' ?¦ greedy lingers.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
up there to see what he could see. . *
Xot that his horse. made a specialty of
climbing stairs. The peculiarity of this
tower is that it has no stairs, being as
cended by means of an Inclined plane that
winds like a staircase.
"It isn't so steep as you would think."
Dr. Manner says. 'T climbed it and had
some breath left to get down again. There
are no cleats on the incline, either— It's
smooth."
The tiny windows can be seen in the
picture. They run all the way to the plat
form where observers stop. It was to this
platform that Napoleon rode with two
.Austrian officers following; him. and from ¦
this platform that sightseers now climb
to he locked forth over the old- Venice,,
that was not particularly different at a
glance from what it is to-day.
It costs 15 cents "to buy the* privilege o f
climbing: the tower. A watchman stands
guard night and day to keep out those
who cannot raise the nrice.
High above, somewhere up there where -
the pigeons fly and the angel stands ready
to. is the great bell. Its coime isthe one
that all Venice knows, that every tourist '
is taught to Ii3tcn for, that the birds of
the Piazza count their dinner bell.
The place is quiet and peaceful now. It
costs a big jog of your memory to realize
on i y^, a 1Ittle way beyond is the
Bridge of Sighs, and beyond that went on
all the tortures that a barbarous civiliza
tion could invent. An.1 the story goes
that from the very tower where the beli
bangs there once swung the bodies of
pr ests in cages. left to the winds and the
cola and the rains.
7Continued on Pago Nina.
Suddenly a gliding, graceful figure crept
along and drew near to Bicilis. After ex
changing a few words with him, It dis
appeared and made its way to the nearest
gate. Andrada felt the hot blood bound
ing in her temples as, breathless, she
watched the traitress. An instant after
ward the gate was forced and the Romans
entered in dense masses. Andrada applied
her two hands to her mouth and sent
rorth a shrill cry. like to»that of a bird of
prey— a second, yet a third time, and then
rusned to the flight of steps leading from
the tower. But, alas! there wa.3 a door
at the bottom of these steps and this
had been fastened from the outside.
"Fausta!" cried she. biting her lips with
her teeth until the blood flowed. She
looked around her; the staircase was ob
scure, but she perceived a stone which
was loose and had fa.llen away. CouM
she raise it? Stiffening her arms and
with the force of an Amazon, she lifted
it above her head and flung it against
the door. The dpor shook, but the hinges
did not yield. A second effort was more
successful and the wood of the door shiv
ered Into splinters. Then Andrada seized
two torches and lighting them at the
smoldering ashes, forced herself a passage
amid the throng. On all sides were
women, only waiting her behests. They
flung the torches to right and left— from
ho ? s ? * to ., no i ls £r wUh tfl e cry of "And
rada! Andrada!" Soon the streets were a
! e u a t name, enveloping the Roman as
i^li L V £ ecebHl , heard the cry. and
looking back, perceiveoS the troops of his
enemy breaking in on every side amidst
stones and Javelins were showered upon
them from the" heights of the ramparta.
At one of the gates she perceived Bato:
at another, Bicilis. The bright sun shone
In all his glory on a grandiose spectacle:
the hand-to-hand and uloody strife: the
young maiden, silent and solitary, near to
the headless body of Longinus!
selves surrounded by tne enemy v
o 3 your P recious goblet of gold,
and in that corner the draught which will
procure^for us the last sleep, my father."
lou have thought even of this? And I,
who had dreamed of another, future for
you?— I had hoped to induce Trajan to
make you his v-ife; there was a time when
ne would have been but too happy to our
chase peace at such a price "
i&&Mu£ « yOU i that . daughter
would gain value in her own eyes by be
coming a Roman empress? No. my father
it js so easy to die. and I will not survive
te?ed° ebal Sighcd heavll y as Bicllia en
.u'iS/^SSa h| aVe th i S - WriUns to h1 - 3
Decebal opened and read:
you Y r°hous e e."° St ' DCCebaI; the enem y ls ln
tn D mnIifi h^' d -° ut th e writing in silence
SlJ ?\?^°' smilm S, said. "He seems
fo forget that. you are no craven coward
andUhat you can count on"our fakhfui
"There is but that little serpent Fausta
who could betray us; she should ha fve"
been burned with the rest" , a na>e
drada 6 ShaH Vet dl6> my fa i her -" sald An
+ ci » 3 , ca , s ta look of hatred on Andrada
her eyes bein^
s»; h s a^ » r^°™ n j s ef^
ourselves for a time against the Romans
and .their, insatiable; thirst for conquest* '
but what gam we by holding out? sWer
or later, we .must surrender." His somblr
countenance was bent to ward the ear th
SStaJSSS! ; hls beard nervou «iy wftJ
"They v'will ; not find many possessions
when they do arrive." said. Andrada*
"after the men have perished - thlSi Jh»
women, will with the!? flaming 1 to?ch es
Steps were suddenly heard approaching
to»f.'h ?, nd . none 'other ,'^ut myseir , must
touch her brown skin. ; -
Like to a goddess who weighs in he
hands the future of poor humanity An
draoa stood, -calm and majestic looklns
fl^lyon the yellow sand at her feet
On that same, morning Longinus 'had
received from the hands of Fausta a smtll
phial, which he concealed in the folds of
his toga and had drawn the young girl
? 2 Wa , r<i hfm and embraced her as if to
thank her. She did not -defend herself
from his caress. "I allow you to embrace
me "she said "as you will not live to Sp
braid me for having permitted It "
orier IS sacrificin - s me «" ***{<* the pris
¦ "You have but to imagine you'are dv
ing on the battle field. <5ur causels wov
the Dacians will be put to death all— all
**^ v i Blci i ls> who has betrayed them"
and • Andrada. who will, walk . before the
triumphal car in chains, and I shall hold
the. chains and I will bruise ' her arms
and; beat her with ' the w,. lP with which
- — - and here the young girl hid her face
in her hand* and sobbed. .'
"i'oor Andrada,". cried Longlnus. :•
'.".'' . . ' ¦ ' . ' i ¦•' • ¦ ¦ ¦ ;
... :- ' ¦> . ¦-'..' ) -
¦ "I'oor Andrada;?" cried Kausta; "and.it
is you, Longinus, who say this? 15ven
this very evening she will have our sol
diers, who are her prisoners, cast Into the
flames! But you — you will escape from
this disgraceful death, for -I .have stolen
from her this poison,' which- shall' save
you from , slavery and, shame. You will
die .free; • whereas she shall be. flung to
the earth -and I will crush her under my
feet. But, alas!- where can I -now fly? —
for she suspects me. and, will, bind me to
her side, so that I -may witness the fun-'
eral pyre and hear the groans Of agony.
I shall go mad." So saying, she covered
her ears> with her small. hands and , ran
off.- '* - • —.."/•..-.:?
For some time Longinus regarded, the
phial of poison— it seemed as if he could
not detach his eyes from It — then, he sud
denly concealed it in his mantle. -
• Fausta had found a hiding-place in the
cave, where she would not be an eye
witness to the terrible spectacle; and al
though Andrada questioned Bicilis very
severely as to her whereabouts, he would
not betray'.her retreat. ' " - '. .
IThe Dacian women flung 'the prisoners
lnto the flames and the lurid light shone
on the prison of Longinus; he shuddered
as the crackling of the fire and "the cries
°T the suffering reached his ears. Sud
denly his prison-door opened- and in. the
red glare appeared Andrada, calm and
unmoved.
t"J have . come to say to you, Longinus,
that _my father is willing even now to
set you free if you will but prevail on
Trajan to, yield us- the territory as far
as the Tster; and' the lives of. all the re
maining ; prisoners shall" be 'spared; they
shall be given back to you." ;_
tVJ do not hear your, words, for my ears
are stopped by the groans of ; my fellow
countrymen." •
"They^ must die"" or they would betray
us, but you— you will live!" : : , ¦
"One does not accept gifts at the hands
of an. enemy.": -...¦
"But if peace be made, shall we not be
friends? ,1 have been compelled to forbid
Fausta visiting you\these past days."
."She la aslave." * .
"She is mine;. I received her -as 'a gift
from the hands of my father.-.- 1: hold her
life; 1 like her;: and yet I know she seeks
but a.n opportunity to betray us."
"And they call that liking in this coun
trv:: % ¦ ¦ ¦-¦- . ¦; •¦ ¦•;. -. :-•._¦.. :• ,-.- t - ._.
Andrada smiled.. -"As one loves a mortal
enemy— as the eagle loves •¦ the gazelle,"
s&id"she; "as the sun loves a drop of rain,
which he embraces voluptuously before
drlnkine it up." r ,>;'..; : .,.-;- •> - -
J Night descended on. the smoking butch
ery, and a soft wind carried across the
plain, : clouds of. ashes bearing a"sicken
ing, : nauseous odor.*- , : -.;'¦>:.„»:•'¦ ¦;. ¦>•¦-**.-'¦-?¦;•:» ¦>
flecticn, but his bearing is obstinate and
decided; as well as we, he knows that tho
Romans are. too powerful against us. Shall
I show you what I have prepared for you»
and your warriors?" She raised the lamp
and let Its light shine on skins rilled with
wine and oil, on sacks of rice,, and heaps
of maize. But at .the extreme- end of the
cave there glistened some luminous thing,
and, approaching: with the lamp, there
glared out upon her in the 'darkness the
eyes of Fausta, like the eyes of a wild
animal. Andrada felt for the hilt of the
poignard in her. waist-scarf, but, leaving
it in its place, she seized , Fausta by the
wrist and dragged her/from her hiding
place. "By what right are you here?"
asked she. . ;
"1 was but screening my eyes from the
sight of your bonfires," replied the girl.
"Poor child !" cried Andrada mockingly.
"Here, take this bracelet; it is for jfou to
wear in the triumphal procession which
you- say. I: am to take part." ¦¦•• •
Fausta seized the bracelet, flung It on
the ground and crushed it under her san
dal.; "On that day it will be the conqueror
himself who will recompense me," said
she. ¦•. :' ¦ . . - ' . - -. \, '.",-
Andrada smiled. "Worthy pupil of such
a master— 'One does not accept gifts from
an enemy!' "Go and, bring Bicilis to me"
.While- Fausta crept outside,- murmuring
softly the name of Bicilis, Decebal his
head resting on his hand, called to An
drada thus: "My child, you are brave' I
know it." - - : . •: • *
•"Yes, my. father.", • : '
. "No longer can we defend the town "
"Then we must burn it to the ground
father.": • • •* . _'- • ¦ - - - '
"And what* shall we do'lf we find our-
"Something Is burning near," said one
of the Roman legion, which was furtively
approaching In the obscurity.
In the cave Decebal was seated, while
Andrada stood before him, leaning against
a large stone, on which burned a small oil
lamp, flickering and smoking.
' said she, "I can do nothing
with Longinus. He has had time for re-
Andrada searched even the tower, where*
In the gray morning 1'ght lay the decapi
tated trunk of • Longrlnua. She turnei
acide. for, the spectacle was too sickening
even for t Dactan woman. Suddenly
came wild shouts and the blasts of horns,
while a clashing of arms was heard at !he
nearest gate of the town. The Roman*,
under cover of the blackness of the night,
had silently approached and were now a?
saulting the town on three of its stdes si
the same time. Their fury had redoubled
•when the morning light had brought to
their view the head of Longinus. An
drada- still looked down from the summit
of the tower. She saw her father giving
h!s orders with his habitual cool self-pos
session; she saw the fierce but as yet un
successful, assaults of the Romans, hj
the cave and a warrior was visible In tha
distance. Decebal shaded his eyes with
his hand— the better to look Into the light,
ascertaining who was neartng nlrn. b«
cried. "Bato! what brings you here? Are
you the bearer of evil tidings?
"Longlnus Is dead, my lord.
Decebal sprang from hU seat. Dead.
"Yes. my !o:rt. dead; with this empty
phial In his hand." .
• Andrada recognized a phial which she
usually carried about her person, but
which had some days past mysteriously
disappeared. Her lips murmured the on«
* Decebal rose 'to his feet: his face was
purple with anger; his beard seemed even
to stand out straight from passion. "Cut
off his head and show it to the Romans
as soon as they approach, cried he.
"My lord, would this bo prudent?'
asked Bato. . , ..
•The time for prudence has passed.
?aid Decebal huskily: and, showing him
the writing, he said "Read.
Bato shook his head. "They think to
weaken us by mutual want of con
fidence," said he; "they do not take Into
account that with us Daclans every on*
counts on himself; we fear but one thing
—slavery: and we know how to protect
ourselves from that."
Bicilis again looked toward Andrada,
who still remained calm and motionless
as a morsel of stone from the cave.
"And our women," asked he.
"Our women will die! Trajan knows An
drada's beauty, and has sworn to be its
possessor." ~- ,' ,
Then Andrada aroused herself. "Trajan
Is a mighty Emperor," cried she, "but An
drada is yet more powerful."
"To the gates!" cried Decebal. rlslnsr.
while his voice resounded in the cave lik»
an echo from the bowels of the earth
that voice which, like the fanfare of a
clarion, had so often incited his warriors
to acts of valiant courage.
Andrada hastily sought Fausta. for now
—now she nv.st die. and there was not a
moment to be lort. But Fausta was no
where to be found.
Fausta escaped like an 'eel, leavimr a
mesh of her black hair in Andrada*a Thand*
raising herself up. she cried: "At Rome
at < R Z m A ?°H,. Eha11 w ear chains and be
attached to 1 rajan's triumphal chariot"
you shall be whipped, and you shall bow
your head lower than you have made nie
bow mine. So saying, she darted off like
S'SnS.^hSSS 1 BiclUs WIth the pHson!
Andrada shrugged her shoulders. "She
wil have to die." said she. "but It would'
really be a pity; for though she is a viper
she is a very charming one. She must
be slowly tortured to death, and she will
W» to the last: Yes. she must die. though
only by my hand; she comes of a noble
"I hear."
The hot blood mounted to the neckand
temples of Andrada as she seized on the
curly nead of Fausta and bent it like a
Jeed - w'f, v ou Ro "P a S a »i to that tower
hear?" 311 * £?£» Whh
''XT'
"Yes, you; and when vou run nuirkiv
up the steps which lead to Lonelniis'
Prison and hide yourself there vou t hint
that Afidrada is blind'" * think
lvblird'" Ue: Andrada is bli "<3. complete-
'Ah! Longinus!" said she, laughing -
\\hy do you laugh?" asked Andrada,
.rT Do v. 5 ! ou not kn " w that Trajan said
Decebal may do what he pleases with
{fggF* ll l3 a matter of indifference
ent?" d WUh VOU !S " e< » ualI y Indiffer
everniSng."" iS the 8a ™-everythine
"Kausta, Fausta! you do not /Sneak
truly-were It so. why should your eyes
be constantly directed toward that tower'
liornai!?- WalUnB f ° r a Signal 'rom &
"Instead of that I will raise you to the
level of a queen." said he. "and Andrada
shall have to bathe vour feet, like a serv
ant."
"Cicilis. they are coming. Shall you b«
faithful to me when Trajan is here?"
"You .saw at Turnu the piles driven into
the Ister to form a bridge for the legions
to pass the stream in safety? I would
lay my body down across your little feel
for the Romans to walk over:" Saying
these words he entwined his arms around
the slender waist of the young girl, who
for a moment allowed herself to be press
ed to his heart: but catching sight of An
drada advancing in the distance, she es
caped from him, and continued her way
toward the river. The course of the water
had been turned bo as to excavate a deep
fobte. destined to hold the treasures which
the Dacians wisned to put in safety
dreading a fresh invasion of the Romans.
Andrada rejoined Bicilis and bade him
jrucr the prisoners to carry food aim
¦Nothing to the Cave of Oozia. beneath
the IX-va Fortress. There was their last
refuge— m the impregnable mountain, near
to tne mines of gold, so attractive to the
cupidity of the Romans. Bicilis listened
m silence, and, preceded by the prisoners
in single rile, he passed through the iron
gate which led to the cave. A narrow
pass beneath two giant rocks conducted
him to ih!s last and only safe refuge of
the Daeians. lie paused at the great
gate and, while pretending to examine it,
withdrew the bolt, took It away and
Jlung it into the stream of the Slrau,
which flowed close by.
"What could he have been saying to
Fausta?" thought Andrada, and calling to
her from the river bank, he said "Do
T-h«. S « e ni R <i m * n *-™y prisoners?
•i? y t_ die ere nl e Rt falls, so their lips
will be mute; but you— you will etay with
me, for I like to have you near me; it
is useless to try to escape, for at the
first attempt; . to do so you shall be
chained with irons to my side. Well un
derstand this, if you hold to your life and
that of the prisoner whom you go there
fo often to see!" The sparkling eyes of
Fausta followed the direction of Andrat
cap hand, which pointed to a fortlfled*
tower. . -
"i wUh 1 were dead." said she. "If
you love me. Bicilis, put an end to my
miser}': talie your sword and kill me
now:"
"Andrada has no feeling," cried he;
""how tan she torture you so cruelly!" At
these words hot tears streamed from
Kausta's eyes.
"It hurts the shoulders and the heart
as well— mine, at least." replied he, as he
took down the coffer and gave it to a Ro
man prisoner to carry.
"Leave it where it is, Bicilis,". said she:
"it does not hurt my shoulders so very
much."
"Never!" cried Audradn.
"We shall see as to that," murmured
the Roman maiden, and her white teeth
shone between her tightened lips.
Kau:=ta was not far on her "way when
she encountered the young: Dacian, Bicilis.
who grew red with anger as he saw her
bending under the weight of her heavy
i< ad.
"Ah: then it wiM be you who will have
to c::rry the bunlecs in Rome, as I do
heie." said Kausta mockingly, as she di
re^tfd her sIpds toward the river.
"Twice, in .truth, has mv father been
the victor, but the third time we shall suc
<-i-n:b."
"What good is there in hiding the treas
ure." asked the girl with quivering lips,
"sin:*? the Remans aie alwavs van
quished?"
Andrada axed her ey?s on the plain bc-
Inv:: but lor an Instant they shene with
exuberant joy. as if the sun were reflected
therein— then under the arch of her
frowning eyebrows the expression
changed to on» of somber and dull anger.
"Lot them wait." said she. dismissing
'.lie man with a movement of her head.
"< orae. Fausta: get down to the river and
bury the -.-offer in the pit hollowed out for
that, purpose in the river's bed— the men
there will help you."
But Andrada seemingly took no heed of
thcs<? lebclttouii ?istis; «tately and majes
tic, rhe Rtkncod at the Roman maiden.
(Those stature :ho exceeded by the hea<i
urd nock, and with a movement of 1m
1 aticp.ee fiu:ifr back tile loo^e tresses of
nor hair. With un imperious sresU're .she
called to t man who was passim? along,
driving before him a band of Roman pris
oners :n chain's. "When are thev to be
burn-'.iV" asked she.
"When you have >jive:i the order to vour
worner-." replied he.
fl^AKE the box on your shoulder*,
f Faust?.— it will not spoil your proud
I Roman neck to bend .under the
| \>Hpht of Da<Jaii trcnsimv-." So
JL s]"'U« \n>Jraca. t'je tall ami crato
iul daughter or DerchaU who— majmk* In
iu-r cream-whn,< robc^-Ufted tho heavy
'<iff>r In her ri'icJv molded vigorous arm*
a.* :f Is V-.u\ l«.«-n »Mi| ti riaht loa.i nnd
placed it on tin* Kthoulderg of Faust... The
supple form n( the UTH-irff-bronied by the
«un— iremUcd with an.-^r :unl concen
trated vo-iscarjic; while even the curia of
Hack l.air, bound back l.y a fillet from her
Jiarrnv forehead; had tho v&r of wishing
tn revolt csainet Atulrada's exactions;
«nd n« r flittering dark eyes shot forth
sharks of anscr as she eroond her teeth
in .suppressed rcge.
(On'Tight in th? Unlffl Str.tfs of America
l-.v D. 'i'. lMprce.j
THE SUNDAY . CALL.
8
DECEBAL'S DAUGHTERContinued From Pace Kicht.
fires of the incendiaries.
The red sun had sunk behind the clouds
of smoke; Decebal, wounded and displr
it<sd, followed but by seven of his war
riors, had found a last retreat In the
Cave of Cozia. He is seated by a Rtone
table, watching the blood trickling from
his wounds; the others are leaning against
the moist stone— moist* with the blood of
their chief. Decebal'a voice. Is heard un
der the vaulted roof, growling like the
plaint of a lion in its death agony—
"Only you? Only you left of the liv
ing?" .
"We only."
. "Where is Bicilis?"
They looked at each other In mute
alarm. . -
"I ask you, where Is Bicilis?"
"With the Romans," said one at last,
with a hesitating voice.' - .
"With the Romans? A prisoner?"" * ¦
"No, it is he 1 who leads them."
"This is more bitter than death," cried
Decebal. "And we. what is there left for
us to do?" j . •
"To die together," . cried they all."
"And Andxada,- my daughter," he said,
DECEBAL'S DAUGHTER
wlth a trembling voice, "they have not
captured her?" *
"No, father; Andrada is no easy cap
tive." cried she, entering the cave with a
rapid step and a torch in her hand. "Tra
jan is coming, and Bicilis loads the way!
Bicilis who opened the gate for him!
Bicilis, your friend!"- .* ¦
. "I know full well— all is finished— for the -
last time give me the cup, my child." .'
Andrada's hand shook as she filled to
the brim the Jeweled ¦ flagon. Without '
hesitating Decebal raised it to his lips and
took a long draught. ,
"It reanimates one,"- said he as he
passed the cup on to the others, who. in >
turn, all drank of it in silence." Soon a
gentle lassitude penetrated their power
ful limbs and weighed down their heavy
eyelids. J .
"The rest for me." said Andrada," onco
more filling the goblet. "My father, 1*
drink to the noble hero — Trajan— the van
quisher'of flames and corpses"; she put
the cup to her lips, but a rapid movement
caused it to fly from her hand. It was
Fa vista, who, with an air of mocking
triumph cried* "To ¦ Rome, " Andrada— to
Rome." ; But the words died on her lips
as Andrada quickly drew a dagger from
her, waist scarf arid thrust It IntoFausta's
throat. A Jet of blood spurted out as sh«j
withdrew the stylet "and plunged it^.red
and reeking, Into her own fair breast.
'•••Bicilis,. mad with. grief, flung himself on"
the lifeless .body; of Fausta. "Fausta,
Fausta!" cried he. I'tor your sake am I a
despicable ,traitor.
Andrada was supporting herself by the
side of the rock, the blood welling from
her' wound. She raised her foot .to ward
Bicilis. as if'to crush'a serpent." At the
same instant Trajan . stood before her.'
She smiled feebly at him. . ., ;
"Thou art still living, noble daughter of
Decebal— living 5 for .me! . - Thou • shalt i be
the adoration of 'my -life." . ->,. ... • ¦•?> - -.,
"Yes," sald'Andrada, "it is I, the daugh-
ter of DecebaK and you— you are the great
hero,- Trajan." ' • "
1 So saying she drew the polgnard from
her breast, her eyes closed and she sank
fainting to the earth. ' ¦.
Trajan caught her in . his arms and
kissed her discolored lips, while a tear fell
from his eyes on ,the - pale face of j the
daughter, of his enemy. ' . -
Arc iind them In a ! circle "were seated the
Daclan warriors leaning 6n their swords,
their lifeless eyes turned toward their
statue-like chief. ¦ , . .
"Decebal," cried Tra Jan. /'Decebal. let' us
be 1 friends." I weep with you, I deplore the
sacrifice of { yon noble maiden." But no
answer issued from the mouth of Decebal.
' "Do you , not sec that- they are 'dead?",
said. Bicills.. VAndrada gave them their
last sleeping draught." ... r .
Tr&jan turned, with contempt upon
Bicilis. ¦ "You . here; miscreant?'.', cried he.
"Depart hence; your is a'profana
tlon.',.,',;.; ' ¦> ' .•¦ - "¦•"'.'.«'-.
¦ But Trajan's followers said, "Show us
where are the treasures— the mines of gold
—the caskets of precious stones."
' Blcills led them to the banks of the
river, turned aside the water and discov
ered . to them the deep fosse in It3 bed.
which was speedily disemboweled.
; "Nnw throw J the traitor into the pit!"
crleu Trajan. . • .
"Is . that to be my recompense? asked
Bicllis. ...
.", "Thlr.kest thou that I will, suffer near
my .triumphal car a wretch who has been
trampled under foot by Andrada? Go to
thy. death!" . .
In . vain ."Bicllls protested, entreated.
Trajan was . immovable, and Blcills was
seized and thrown Into the fosse: the
earth covered him. and the waters of the
Ister flowed over his narrow tomb.
- The bright beauty of the Intrepid virgin
was -never effaced. from the heart of Tra
jan. . She and her father were interred
with rezal' honors.
The documents which might have. given
us more information as to ¦ Decebal s
daughter have not been found: perhaps
they were burned In the fire of Saramlse
gethusa, or perhaps they disappeared in
the great; stream of .the, Ister. _¦..»-.
long day wore on, came to be like a
veiitabit; brazen furnace. At length, now
ever, the weary expanse hau been tra
versed, and having threaded a tortuous
ti ail over the jungle-clad. Cucapas, tne
purty entered tne famous ironwood for
est.'- : " . "•¦ .-;¦•
*or upward of an hour thereafter the
detective's umbrageous associate contin
ued to lead the way through the dense
bristling timber growth. Then, suddenly
urgins.his horse up the side of a slight
elevation, he finally emerged into a smail
glade at the summit, in the midst of
which stood a, rude hut constructed of
ironwood logs and roofed over with a
thatchwork of palm leaves. As the horse
men approached this rujtlc abode there
appeared in the open doorway a burlv
evil-faced Mexican with a repeating ri.'le
resting conveniently In' the hollow of his
arm. At the sight of this ferocious-looU
ing Individual the. newly arrived bando
lero hastily drew rein and proceeded to
introduce^ his strange companion to the
custodian of the premises, whom he in
turn announced as El Capitan Chavez
the head of the outlaw community. This
formality, having " been disposed of the
horsemen dismounted, and after caring
for their jaded animal'? accompanied the
wicked-looking ch'ef into the interior of
the ironwood castle. "
At first the detective was puzzled at the
limited proporrlons of . the nefarious or
ganization, the membership of which he
had always beMeved to be . of a most
formidable character, but which now ap
peared to be restricted to Chavez and one
follower. Howover, in the course of the
evening, which had now set in;. the seem
ing mystery wus. cleared by the appear
ame' of addltional^members of the. band,
who dropped in singly or in couples, un
til at length a company of twenty- as
vicious and uncompromising; villains had
assembled as It was possible to band to
gether In a slrgle fraternity. To each
of these the stranger was duly Introduc
ed as the hero of the latest rustling ex
ploit In the stock country to the north
ward.'and, as a reward for the inglorious
role he had assumed, was regaled with
many a^ boastful narrative of a similar
character, Involving the most damaging
admissions possible against .the various
craftsmen -present. The leader, in partic
ular, was revealed as an especially choice
scoundrel, for not- only had he planned
and directed -various thieving enterprises
executed by his followers, but had also,
from time to time, perpetrated numerous
villainies on his own account, in all of
which accomplishments he took an exces
sive pride. But most significant of all
his vaunted achievements was his boast
ed participation in the recent encroach
ments on the very cattle ranch belonging
to the detective's client. The face, more
over, of the newcomer's single-handed
raid in this same connection won for him'
the most enthusiastic admiration of the
swarthy bandit chief, who shortly pro
posed another excursion of ' a like char
acter into the\same promising district.
The detective, however, while heartily
approving of this arrangement, argued
for a postponement of the undertaking,
ostensibly'that he might rest, but in real
ity for the purpose of first thoroughly ac
quainting himself with the bandits' re
markable desert strongholdi For a week,
therefore, he continued in the locality,
riding about from one to another of the
robbers' camps In the ironwood forest,
'lhe various retreats were scattered
about 1 over a radius of a dozen miles,
each so located as to command a view of
the grove for miles around, and at the
same time remaining practically Inacces
sible excepting to those entirely familiar
with the environing jungle. At length
when the detective felt that he had suffi
ciently mastersd the situation, he signU
fled his readiness to accompany the im 1
patient Chavez on his prospective raid.
The - latest plan of this enterprising
worthy was to import a number of calves
Into his mountain domain, thus establish
ing a nucleus for a cattle-raising indus
try "of his own. Now. as previously ex
plained, the mere feat of crossing the
Intervening desert waste was a sufficient
ly harassing ordeal, and the additional
task of transporting a colony ef calves
over its ninety-odd stifling miles struck
the detective as being little short of ap
palling. However, It was not for him to
dissuade the ambitious Chavez from his
undertaking.
The bandit's scheme was- to first steal
the calves and then hold up some unsus
pecting border teamster, deprive him
of his conveyance and utilize the same
in transporting the living plunder to his
desert stronghold. These border teams
ters, he argued, always carried a liberal
ry*r FRONTIER settlement in Lower
[ I California Is at best a scant insti-'
I I tution— so scant that the lowliest
\. I <¦' the Mexican pueblos beyond the
X bordering gulf assumes an almost
metropolitan aspect by way of
oomr-arison. And from the most remote
cf th«tse peninsular rancherias to the
heart of the ironwood forest among the
Sierra de las fXcapas It is many a weary
league. All of which explains why the
rural police of the border hamlets studi
ously abstain from projecting themselves
thither. And if these tireless desert rid
ers will pause at the threshold of the
thirstf. sweltering plain that engulfs the
£:ttan* grove, hardly stranger is it that
the American officers from the green val
leys of Kan Diego or even from the broil
ing regions of Yuma avoid the pathless
route thereto as they would avoid perdi
tion. But for all that, the conscious eyes
cf the law «tre often cast longingly in the
tirectioa of the ironwood oasis. For this
singularly inaccesiLle locality is an asy
lum for more than one transgressor, who
for years has set at naught the potency
of the law he has violated.
Now, did the law in question belong t<>
the Mexican code it might make a diuer
ence, so far as the first mentioned guar
dians of the frontier axe concerned, for
it must be admitted that there is no
desert too drear for them to traverse if
actually obliged to do so. Eul, unxor
lunately the ofTense of the fugitive «s in
variably against the big nation to the
northward; hence, the apprehension of
the culprit must needs involve no end of
International negotiations on the part of
his. prosecutors. And even witn his uucu
tnental authority in hand, the American
txecuttir discovers his task lax lium con
summated. To extradite a prisoner is
or.e thir.s— to capture an unfettered Ues
jK>rado is another: yet to success
fully bring him to justice involves bo,th
of these more or less complicated detaus..
Upon presenting his credentials at the
r.atif)::al l»oundury line, the American of
iiecr it- accorded an effusive welcome, the
assurance that his man is somewhere in
the Kroat ironwood wilderness just be
yond the ninety «»Uu miies of parched al
kali rtifW. and a t-r.rdial perm. I to titup
himself to the ofieiider. The further in
formation tha; the fugitives forest re
treat covers an aiea o! some twenty-five
square mil<>s invariably d«?cides the dis
creet American. L'nclo J-'am is not ac
custom»-d to pistes an army at the dis
posal of the enterprising ofllcvr who is
posse??* d of a clew that a malefactor has
neon located somewhere within the cuti
fin«'s <if a sfeml-troplcal Jlur.glf iwenty
five pquare miles in extent. Nor docs
this necessarily include the hundred or
more lineal leagues of mongrel chaparral.'
inanzanita and cactus thicket that covers
the riu:s«''i mountain range in the pur
lieus of this criminal Utopia.
Ever since the suppressing of the noto
rious banditti in the earlier annals of
< slifornla. this remote southern region
has been the common objective point for
every desperafo criminal who, having
irojie the extreme length 01 his tether,
suddenly realizes the necessity of hastily
evacuating that most exemplary com
monwealth. Only a small proportion of
the refractory spirits who have from time
to time headed that way have successful
ly overcome the manifold obstacles that
naturally beset t! eir flight, the greater
number either having been captured be
iore reaching the line, or accomplished
5nis only to perish from hunger and
thirst In the pillles* desert beyond. But
even the comparatively small minority
who have eventually contrived to reach
the coveted though desolate goal in the
fastness of the Sierra de los Cucapas
constitutes, at the present period, a col
ony of no diminutive proportions — as such
colonies go.
It may be that the evidence relative to
this community's existence is regarded in
the higher official sources as too slender
to warrant a sufficiently vigorous move
ment toward its extirpation. . Be that as
It may. there are officers In the far South-
was the circumstance of Detective-Ins
lty's" nocturnal visit thereto any excep
tion to this rule. On the contrary, the
occasion in question witnessed an un
usually laige yuihering of this character,
ai;u, . as ni.jjht oe supposed, the au-au
sorbing topic was the latest unsuccessful
raid across the border, involving a iiveiy
speculation as to who the provable ot
lendt-r might have been. •
Lnder such wrcumsiances it took the
detective but a short time to determine
which members of the assemblage were
in sympathy with" his ~ recent e.capaue.
rinai.y sinfeiing out one of the inojt
promising oi* i.iese scoundrels he cal.ed
nlm to one side and confessed hlmse.f
as the. fugitive, staling, moreover, that
he had a .me steer at least to show for
hid effort, which he waj anxious to dis
pose or" to advantage. The detective's
Keen intuition was strikingly hm.-itr.ii.2d
in the selecting of his man. for not only
did he readily consent to attend to the
matter ot the steer, uut. uefoie me trans
uctiocrwud accomplished, he admitted
himself a. member of the ironwood fra
ternity and invited the detective" to ac
company him to their, distant stronghold.
Captain Iris.ey. ot course, promptly ac
cepted the suggestion, as It was precisely
what he had desired to bring about, and
In older to accomplish which It had been
necesrary first to brand himself as a des
perate criminal. • . - ,
.The journey lo the mountain rendezvous
was an ordeal which the detective, inured
though he was to hardship, never forgot,
for although the first hnlf of the distance
was traversed durinir the night the ris
ing -sun found the party In the very midst
of the dreaded alkali desert, which, as the
It was an irrelevant undertaking on the
face of it, and. as perilous as it seemed
absurd, for there is but one summary
punishment meted out to rustlers in 'the
Southwest and, when taken red-handed,
explanations don't go.
Hut little did George Insley care for
the danger; he keenly relished that ele
ment in ,his work, and as for the seem
ing absurdity of the act— we shall see
presently. 'Just before reaching the line,
he deftly sepaiated a steer from the fly
ing bunch, and while the latter continued
blindly onward in flight, devoted his sole
attention to making away with his lone
quarry in an oblique direction across the
national boundary. The result was that
his pursuers missed him in the darkness
ai.u continued on after the scampering,
bellowing animals he had abandoned.
Ail this was transpiring within a fev/
miles of the little Mexican, pueblo of
Jacumba. and, as the detective 'antici
pated, thither rode the enraged cow
pur.chexs with the bulk of their recovered
stotk to invoke the assistance of • the
ruiules in apprehending- the miscreant
¦wlib had perpetrated the theft. As for
the outcome of their importunities, it
was the same old story— a request to be
shown their requisition papers, and finally
the aggrieved horsemen were forced" to
ride horm.wurd. vowing, the while, they
would swing that rustler, extradition or
no extradition, if lucky enough to en
counter him on their way.
• Meanwhile the latter Individual had
firiv«:i his purloined' steer up to the very
limits of the same pueblo, and having
ropul and tied his. captive, rode up to
thu cuartel just as the vindictive "punch
ers" were i:i the act of withdrawing.
Now, notwithstanding Jacumba's rather
formidable border police force, It Is un
questionably ono of the most iniquitous
liueblos that ever exuded the perpetual
fumes, of vile whisky and viler mescal.
However, a lurse percentage of Us popu
lation Is of a certain drifting character
that argues pmnly for the moral tone of
the community, and It is a rare interval
whefi one or more actual desperadoes are
not to be' found within its walls. Nor
west who know conclusively that men
who are "wanted" and wanted badly by
the California courts are to-day se ; urely
ensconced in the ironwood forest of
Cucapas. And the same officers will; tell
you that one of the secrets of. their se
curity lies in the fact that the criminal
colonists are almost all. if not entirely,
members of the native Californian ele
ment and. as such, have the sympathy of
the peninsuiar inhabitants, including the
iural police themselves. • .
The most authentic Information regard
ing this illicit community was unearthed
through the personal enterprise of the
late Captain George Insley of Los An
geles, who. up to the time of his death,
but a few years ago, was regarded as one
of the most accomplished and efficient de
tectives on the Pacific Slope. Captain
Insley.. in addition to his sterling quali
fications as an officer, was a Spanish lin
guist par excellence, and being of a
somewhat dark complexion, had no diffi
culty, when occasion demanded it. of
passing himself olf as a native pa'sano.
For several years the captain had en
deavored to devise some plan of inform
ing himself concerning the nefarious
community beyond the Lower California
boundary lin», but the problem persist
ently baffled him. AOength he determin
ed upon a novel expedient. A certain
large cuttle ranch in San Diego county
had repeatedly been raided by unknown
parties, and iiuch of its lost stock had
been traced to the Lower California line,
where the trail invariably vanished.
Captain Insley had been employed • to
work up the case, and he proceeded to do
so in his characteristic way of taking no
one, not even his own Client, into the
secret of his methods. Going to San
Diego one day the detective donned the
garb of a r.atlve vaquero. and struck out
into the hills lor the s ene of the » attle
raid. As evening approached he came
to the top of ;x high hill overlooking the
ranch of his client, at which point he
paused to adjus-t the little plan .he had
conceived in his mind.
From whore lie on his horse he
could plainly distinguish the landmarks
indicating the national boundary line ten
miles to the southward. Scattered
throughout the valley Immediately below
him were the herds of cattle hearing his
client's brand. Strprlinpr out a bunch of
these he rode leisurely down the trail,
and as soon as darkness fell, deliberately
cut th«m off from the main herd and
started thorn on a mad stampede for the
line. Before ho had covered half the dis
tance, a chorus of .yells far in his rear
told him he was being pursued, which
was exactly what he had boih expected
and dfsirca. On and on he raced, the
distracted cattle, a half dozen in num
ber, tearing ahead like a whirlwind under
the slinging influence of his riuta lash.
supply pi water tanked along tne sides ot
the .r wagons, ami mis would enable them.
to accui.iplitn ilie enterprise with the ut
most facility. So tne excursion was ar
ranged entirely alon? the linea of this
unscrupulous rascal s reckoning, and in
«ue time, accompanied only by his newly
enlisted confeuerate, he set out for tha
north. "
' Now, the detective had plans of his
own about tn^s little expedition, ' which
were widely diverse from those ¦ con
ceived by his resourceful companion.
His intension was to wait only until he
had his man safety across the line, when
he would promptly place him under ar
rest and at once convey him to the jail
at San Diego. But even the most careful
ly studied p>ans of the cleverest of de
tecuves are otten doomed to miscarry.
Ana so it proved in the present instance,
for as the two horsemen neared the bor
der me robber chief suddenly drew rein
and proceeded to arrange the programme
as follows:
His companion was to ride on ahead
and accun.iiliah the abduction of tha
calves; which he was to convey to a
deserted cabin which stood immediately
beyond the boundary line on the Califor
nia side. Meanwhile his contemporary
did not propose to be idle, volunteering
to ride fortn along the border in searcn
of the transportation facilities of which
he had so confidently dreamed. In vain
tue uetective demurred; he had experi
enced quite enough of this outlaw busi
ness.
Though temporarily , frustrated in hi»
project and keenly disliking the Idea ot
losing sight of Chavez even for a brief
interval, the detective had no alterna
tive but to ride on and bide the oppor
tunity afforded by the return of his man.
But he dispensed -with that part of the I
programme allotted to him oy Chavez,
and rode straight for the abandoned
structure Indicated by that worthy. It
was late in the evening when he arrived
here, and he waited until far into the
night without any sign of the bandit's
approach. At length his fatigue arising:
from the long ride across the desert
overpowered him, and he fell into a trou
bled sleep. - How long he had remained
thus he aid not know, but suddenly he
became conscious of a low, rumbling:
sound outside the cabin. Springing: to
his feet, he listened intently. The sounds
were growing fainter. He hurried to the
door and peered. into the darkness, just
tinged by the gray dawn of morning. In
the faint light cf which he discerned a
great, bulky object moving away from
the cabin in the direction of the line. A,
grave apprehensiveness seized upon him.
Could It be that Chavez had returned,
and. finding him asleep without having
performed the part assigned to him. had -
decided to return in disgust to his desert
retreat?
The 'line was less than WOO yard3 dis
tant, and the prospect of the bandit's
escape was little short of maddening.
Raising his voice he shouted after the
fast vanishing figure. By way of re
sponse a curse was hurled back at him
out of the gloom. He recognized the
voice beyond a doubt as that of Chavez,
and his worst fears were, therefore, con
firmed. But he would not give over at
this stage of the affair without a deoper
ate effort at the bandit's capture. Spring
ing forward he hurried at the top of his
speed after, the retreating vehicle. As ha
came up behind, he perceived the outlaw ,
standing upright in a great lumbering
cart of Mexican design, drawn by a yoke
of oxen, while his own saddle horse fol
lowed In the rear. Evidently he did not
propose to sully his reputation amonjj his
followers by returning to them altogether
empty handed. By the time the detectlv*
reached the end of the cart, the ¦ line,
marked by a dry arroyo, or river bed. was
•but a few yards further on. Without a
moment's hesitation the officer sprang .
into the jolting cart, and as the bar.tllt
faced sullenly about he looked Into tfce
muzzle of a leveled revolver.
"You are my prisoner," exclaimed th«
officer, "stop your team immediately."
. For an instant the bandit failed to
grasp the true situation, and he stood as
if petrified with amazement, ¦•vhlla the
ox team plodded steadily onward. Th«
next instant the wheels grated on the
stones in the bed of the river. The ne
cessity of decisive action was Imperative
if the arrest was to be legal. Both men
realized the situation. The bandit deferred
stopping the team, yet the detective could
not shoot down an unresisting man, even
though be were a branded criminal.
But ne must act quickly, if at till. With
a sudden movement he reached forward,
and grasping the outlaw about the body
hurled him through the open -jnd of tha
cart, landing him fairly on his tack in
the bottom of the arroyo.- In another In
stant the detective was upon him. and be
fore the prostrate man could recover him
i self a pair of handcuffs were snapped •
about his wrists, and he was a pr^oner
on United States soil. The remainder of
the detective's work was comparatively
easy,> and by noon that day the captive
bandit was safely lodged behind the out
an ego.
|| ; TEffi>;^isrbAY :CALL.
9
BORDER OF THE SOUTH WEST BANDITSwhich by reason of inclination . or limited
means, is to be dealt with in/ extreme
simplicity. Perhaps we have a /few pret
ty trifles that we wish to bring to the
lront In this room. We will prepare to
give- them prominence - by arranging for
tnem» a soft harmonious background in
ageeable, clear colors. We have for dra
peries, furniture covering— and even
sometimes floor covering— denims— in dark
,, e> - reds - rlcn or dull, as our taste may
can for, warm browns,* soft yellows and ,
fresh -greens. This material wears like
iron, 'hangs In good folds, never looks
cheap or tawdy, and In the darker, shades
does not soil or fade. Perhaps a qualifi
cation which recommends' It most highly
"LAVf is that it is also quite inexpensive.
What more could we ask for our back
ground than this? Now take for instance
a small pine table and paint It some dark
color, preferably black, .cover It smooth
ly with dark blue denim brightened at
the edges with brasstacks. - -:
. When you lay a book on this table . it !
becomes decorative at once. You have
by this simple device ;struck a note of 7
taste in your room. -,See v how the gilding
on the I cover • and the decorative . desicn
.-¦••-: ¦ . ¦ ¦, :¦: > . ¦¦
stand out to recommend themselves to
your • notice and admiration. This Is be
cause you have given the book -a proper
background. . If you had laid It on a table
cover of mixed or jarring colors it would
have remained merely a book and not a
decoration. . - • . . - . . . ¦ / 
¦ This. is one of the secrets of simple and
good effects. You need not study ,your
backgrounds as artists do in the com
position of their pictures, unless you wish
to make a : specialty of decorative work.
But It is necessary to give some thought
to this subject;: of keeping your back
ground clear :and simple in treatment—
or much of the, money you may spend for
decorative articles is wasted. To -return
to I our blue denim — place on • it a glass
bowl of , yellow roses— you will find r their
delicate outlines and coloring, their green
leaves and stems showing through the
crystal- of the. bowl take an added beau
ty from the background , of ; this table.
They stand clearly out against the light
with no confusing; shadows and . colors
Buch as would be thrown around them by
«"" cheap , flowered * or . figured material.
-. A>T glass of purple violets, u a '< vase of
white roses— in factr almost any : color of
all that is beautiful to the front and. rele
gate the homely things to the background.
.The difference between the feeling of
pride with which one exhibits a homer
which is comfortable, beautifully adorned
and attractive, and the shame with
she allows. others to perceive that life in
her home Is shorn of both comfort and
beauty is Just the difference between hap
piness and misery. A lack of means no
longer furnishes sufficient excuse for a
failure to accomplish this. The materials
which are' now at hand are? often of so
inexpensive a description that they fall
within easy reach of the smallest purse.
The great point is to select the right thing.
Things have to - be bought and homes
have to be fitted up. -Human 'life demands
certain accessories, and I think that our
study should be to buy these necessities
with discretion and always with an eye
to the beautiful. . . • . -. ; - - •
It is an established fact that beautiful
colors, graceful lines, and harmonious ef
fects have actually an exhilarating influ
ence on human: beings. Naturally then,
our lives are constantly .'brightened and
lifted out of the common place by beauty
In our homes.
To look at a beautiful object, to listen
to an exquisite strain of music, we all ad
mit, gives us— for a moment at least — a
thrill of enjoyment. Every such thrill
that we experience sends us along the
road of life with a fresh impulse of
strength and vitality — thus. It is worth
while to bend energies that are ' often
wasted In other directions toward the
higher one of filling our lives— as "'far as
circumstances will allow — with beauty.
Art in the Some.
' This means In a broad sense— to my un
derstanding—the introduction- into 'our
daily lives of a feeling for the/truly, beau
tiful in line and color, and „ a correct ap
preciation of harmony In combinations. ¦'
In order to work up to real judgment
and discretion we must first rid ourselves
of all fondness for tawdy cheap looking
effects however glittering they may be.
There are certain lines to be laid down
and adhered to In a deliberate cultivation
of taste; and having made a study of it
for many years, I feel that I may safely
offer a few helpful suggestions to those
¦who are just beginning to study It. - • .-¦
We will take, for example, a room
IN offering to the people suggestions
on artistic house furnishing I would
remind them that the day for the
idealization of the home and its be
longings has passed away. We are
'living in a material and practical age.
Objects of household use are no longer
'called beautiful because of affectionate as
sociations; to be admired, to afford us
pleasure, they must now be beautiful in
themselves, and so recognized by all the
canons of art. A ¦wave of artistic feeling
for architecture (which Is the outside) and
house decoration (which is the inside) of
our homes is sweeping over the country.
"When it has passed many beloved but
homely objects will undoubtedly have dis
appeared and a new feeling for the har-*
monious blending of rich, soft colors and
the effective arrangement of furniture will
have arisen.
A realization that it Is not the amount
of money expended which secures a beau
tiful result, but the taste and discretion
with which it is spent, is being forced
upon us. There Is no valid reason why
the mechanic's and the workman's cot
tage should not give pleasure to the most
refined tastes and yet, on the other hand,
it cannot be denied that the interior of
the millionaire's mansion often induces
a confused sense of failure. It must,
therefore, be admitted that the correct
and effective arrangement of one's house
hold belongings will have- to be with
many a matter of education. To help
those who need suggestions this corre
spondence Is to be conducted, and I will
gladly answer any clearly written ques
tions addressed to me in care of The Call
on this subject.
To those ¦who build mansions and to
those who have to content themselves
with a cottage home there Is much to be
said, and it will be the object of this de
partment in The Call to afford practical
help to those whose ambition it is to make
their homes beautiful in the artistic sense.
And when I speak of a harmonious effect
I mean that product of the mind which
Fbows a discreet perception of the fitness
of association in certain things, of tho
feeling for color which throws the proper
Fbades of the right colors into conjunc
tion, which courageously eliminates all
discords and completes its gracious work
by setting each thing in * precisely Ita
prefer place. There are Individuals wrw
are born with this faculty. Such a or/.
can literally cause the desert to blossom
as the rose, for she can create a charm-
Ing home in the midst of barren surround
ings, and others can make themselves, by
careful thought and a etudy of the sub
ject, nt for this work of home making.
A exeat deal is said in these days, about
environment, and it Is conceded that the
elevating influence of a refined and beau
tiful home cannot be overrated. '
There are many desirable things In life
of which a ¦woman of narrow means has to
deny herself. The slender purse renders
therr impossible to her, but an attractive
and charming home lies within the possi
bilities for every woman who earnestly
desires it, no matter how short her purse
may be. Let her begin at once to beau
tify It in every little way which upon
careful thought suggests itself.
The Unlovely Conveniences.
There may be In It objects which for
years have caught and held her eye with
a sense of repulsion. She has looked at
them unthinkingly, but she has never put
them out of sight. She should, therefore,
b-egin her ¦work by making a clean sweep
of all unlovely objects. There are many
articles, as we all know, which are neces
sary, but far from beautiful, that we are
compelled to have constantly and con
veniently at hand. These may be so
placed,^ so disposed of by an intelligent
and determined woman that If not alto
gether hidden they will c*a*e at any rate
¦to force themselves upon the attention.
Then the first step toward making a beau
tiful home with slender means is to bring
, The Consideration, of the Hall.
There may be; halls presenting problems
to their owners In the way of -being too
narrow, bare looking. Inappropriately fur
nished, dark or glaringly light, that' I
\ The Importance of Color, j
* In making up an interior effect the most
Important thing to be considered is color.
Imagine an apartment furnished in the
simplest style, . but in .which the colors
are as carefully selected as they would
be upon the canva3 of j a charming pic
ture — all softly brilliant, they melt into
one another, or, cool and quiet, they give
distinction to the light and "airy furniture
of the room. Contrast with this ajoora
in which the handsomest pieces of furni
ture are thrown thoughtlessly together.
Another point of value to remember Is
that a room which conveys an idea in its
decoration gives a more subtle pleasure
to all -who. enter it than one which ia
merely pretty. ¦
If, for instance, one has means to build
a charming cottage home, complete in all
• of Us cppointments, comfortable and fin
ished hi its details, appropriate in its dec
orations, he will undoubtedly make a'ter
rible mistake if he fievotes this money to
the building cf a large unfinished house.
If the style of the house assumes a cer
tain luxury of • accessories and surround
ings and these are lacking, the .whole
thing is a failure. And if you live in a.
cottage, by all means keep it a cottage;*
study cottage effects and work them. out
thoughtfully and with taste and you will
yourself be charmed with the result. Un
less you have previously studied the sub
ject, you will be surprised to find how
artistic and even luxurious a cottage may
become. '. - ¦* , . .
The cottage idea does not exclude a li
brary, for one may have a long, low room
lined with books in a cottage. French
.windows may open from this room on
a terrace bright .with flowers, and deep
embrasured casement. windows may have
cushioned seats where one may 'read as
much at her ease and in as deep seclu
sion as she would find An .the most izn
' posing. mansions.
¦ The cottage idea does not exclude oil
paintings and exquisite water colors, Cop
ly prints and etchings, nor good plaster
. casts of world-famous pieces of sculpture
nor rarely beautiful Chinese jars with
growing plants in them. ; All of these
beautiful things may be used in a'cottaga
and yet the house. will not lose Its charac
teristics. The point I 'wish to make 13
this: It is much better to build a wide
spreading, roomy, cottage or. bungalow to
furnish if with light and inexpensive fur
niture, curtain it throughout with white
muslin and pretty figured cottons and
through the rooms scatter articles of real
artistic value— pictures that delight a con
noisseur, curios that would be of Interest
I to. your /most ' cultured and intelligent
fuests, rugs from Oriental looms— than to
uild a more pretentious house and be un
able^to carry to a satisractory : finish all
of inelaborate suggestions. As a woman
aptly said the other day: In referring to
i her expendlture,"Every thing depends upon.
1 thescale you' start in; if you go'on an ex
pensive scale there la no telling- where you
will end.",.. And I say to you, if you start
in on a lower plane, realizing all the time
your limitations, you may be able to mold
everything to . such completeness • that In
the end you will attain the more artistic
effect. , •
flowers that 'you might use would show in
the same charming and effective way.
A clear wash in water color — in other
words, calcimining— for rough plastered
walls is an inexpensive finish and a good
background. There are also many cheap
papers with delicate well-toned figures on
them which are charming when the floor
has a plain matting or carpet on it and
the curtains are in plain colors. It seems
to me, with this much that is good, wi»h
sheer muslin or soft white cheese cloth
curtains at the windows, it- is an easy
matter to render - a room attractive and
pretty. ¦ t •'•."¦. '
. There is in many places a mistaken idea
prevalent that the Turkish rug is a lux
ury which is beyond the means of the
ordinary purchaser. Also, that to set the
pace with a Turkish rug means that one-
Is to be led into all sorts of extravagances,
and. that it looks well only with the rich
est accessories. Both of these Ideas are
mistaken ones, and It would be greatly
to the advantage of many people to dis
card them." First, as to price: Brus
sels or Moquet rug, an American "Smyr
na," will often exceed In price a rare,
soft-toned, everlasting and always beau
tiful Oriental one. Of course, there are
rugs and rugs, even when genuinely Ori
ental. "Sometimes, but rarely, they are
really ugly; but if one will, in selecting:,
choose one in which her favorite colors
predominate, if she will . assure herself
that these colors are softened so that they
,tone readily into one another (and this
toning is only accomplished by age) that,
in other words, there are no colors which
are crude and staring, she 'will be sure -
to buy a good one and will. never regret
' the purchase. "Whether the weave be that
of an Anatolian, with its silky sheen; a
Kazake, velvety and deep in tone, or a
cashmere, with its heavy fringe and its
Indian designs, she -will extract a thrill
of pleasure from it every time her eye
encounters its soft beauty. A word as to
the purchase of a cashmere: I would ad
vise the avoidance of those which have
a strong yellow. In them. Many very
h,andsome ¦ pieces present a strong yellow
against a dark background and running
as a border into the fringe. If this light
thread is white instead of yellow and the
fringe is .strong, pure white, you have a
much more valuable . rug and one which
will look well wherever you place it.
Concerning Oriental Bags.
To the critical visitor it is pretty sure
to strike the note either of harmony or
discord, which will appear upon further
exploration. The importance, then, of
.treating this portion of a dwelling with
careful thought is palpable to all thinking
people.
Again, when a house has stately pro
portions and an imposing effect Is the
one aimed at. it remains simply a. hall
way, but is so clothed and embellished
and dealt with as to impress the beholder
with the dignity of its mission. It is the
first part of a house to present itself to
a guest. It leads to the inner, more pri
vate portions of this temple of domestic
life. It must, therefore, put its best foot
foremost, /as its expression will be con
sidered a' sure indication of what is to
come afterward.
Since : architects, householders and dec-
CTators have unanimously recognized re
cently the necessity of an ethical and
artistic consideration of the home, these
indications of crudity are passing away.
Now often we see the hall space widened
into a broad, open room. Sometimes,
where si>ace is a consideration, and the
hall can be scarcely more than, an en
larged vestibule. It is richly and cozily
furnished as a. reception room;, again it
spreads out into a great, airy living room.
Its central and get-at-able position in the
house peculiarily fits it for this adapta
tion.
There was a time, which we have left
not far behind us, when in the modern
conventional house the hall was often con
sidered solely as an entrance way to the
rooms which opened out of it. In thin
cs.se it was narrow and also frequently
bare and ugly. I have seen many com
fortable homes ¦which boasted well fur
nished, cheerful rooms, and 'which yet re
pelled intensely at first glimpse by usher
ing you through a scantily furnished, un
embellished, narrow hall — a mere passage
way. In fact, to these pleasant apart
ments.
may help to «olve. If the dissatisfied <m»
•will write me, stating the case exactly
and giving the dimensions, general snap*
and the color of walls, together with/pres
ent furnishings, I will gladly help out of
the difficulties through these columns.
f"T"* HIS department, under
X the able editorship of
Kate Greenleaf Locke,
¦will be found of interest and
benefit to all classes. Whether
rich or poor, there is no reason
¦whv your home should not be
made beautiful by artistic ar
rangement and the proper out
lay of time and energy more
than by the expenditure of
money. Correspondence is in
vited. Just address your let
ters to Kate Greenleaf Locke.
Sunday Call, and these ques
tions on making the home ar
tistic will be answered at
length, in subsequent columns
of this department.
i THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFULThe moat' amusinsr stories told of any
player on the American stage are those 1
describing ;the : pranks''6f. Jim Herne; and
his - fun-loving ->in- San
Francisco ja' quarter of a century ago.' •'"
"; he , and his more "sedate :;) and
For- many years after this first visit
to San < Francisco Mr. Herne. was a prom
inent figure iri'local theatricals, and mado
many, friends here. , He was "ever .'a 'Jolly
dog and a 4 " great practical : Joker,' but he
was then, -as he Is to-day, one", of "^the
best , character ; actors ion y earth. . ;.;¦*£ %' : j
People who can remember this comedy
and others of its" class may .have been
astcnished to see Mr. Herne exploited
as 'the writer of extremely ' clean ' and
moral plays, and occasionally occupying
the pulpits of orthodox churches for the
purpose of delivering moral lectures;
but his"' warmest friends among the : re
formers would be still more surprised
could they/but read the manuscript or
see the plays alluded to as they - were
presented In the -early days. - ,
I There is "an auld and ower true tale 1 ?
that John B. Gough, the: great tem
perance orator, ' sometimes . furnished the
frightful example for his own \ lec-J
tures.-' %\ .'[¦¦¦ ,:.; A'i. ' -.V. •'¦•'¦'-, . «v*'
/Notable arrivals this year were -Helen
Western and James A. Herne, the now
eminent author-actor,: who opened In
that peculiar adaptation from the French,
"Satan in Paris," at Maguire's' Opera
house on April SO, Mr. Herne playing
Vanllle. , . .
July 20, "67, on Twelfth, Howard and
Folsom streets. .
The Odeum, a Mission ' resort! was de
stroyed by fire Ausust 24. ./* ' •-'
It is something of a pardonable error
tor ' California to claim Alice Klrigsbury,*
the talented little actress who came as
"The Elfin Star" and made her debut as
Fanchon at Maguiro's Opera-house'. Octo
ber 10, 1866. The lady had made her debut
on the legitimate stage in Cincinnati seven
years before her first. appearance in San
Francisco. Her success here "was so de
cided that she was Immediately engaged
to play leads -in starring tours with John
/McCullouerh through the Interior. She
went East, however, in less than a year,
and In '69 became the wife of 'Colonel
Frank M. Cooley, U. S. A. '¦¦-•»"'£; ';"*
The bright little lady, who now resides
In this city, devoted several .<; years . . to
:: •' \ •¦ '
The girls were bright and intellectual,
and were great favorites when they were
at the old California in the seventies.
Kate Denin, who was much admired in
San Francisco, had been married to Sam
Ryan, an Eastern theatrical man, during
her absence and, the union being an un
happy one, she brought her two daugh
ters here and became Mrs. John Wilson. '
Early in February folio-wing Kate Denin
returned to San Francisco, after a long
absence, bringing with her John Wilson,
the handsome actor, who played heavy,
roles subsequently at' the old California".
They opened February 13 at the Academy
in "The Pearl of Savoy," with Amy Stone
and H. F. Stone, who were new-comers,
February 2.
wards made a splendid impression as Mer
cutio in "Romeo and Juliet,"- at Maguire's
Opera-house, for hl3 opening performance.
The J success of , the" gardens and parks
stimulated 1 competition, and .The City
Gardens wore thrown open * to the : public
* Legion Hall, [used for all kinds of shows
by* the; Temperance Legion, ;-was first
heard 'of 'at "Market and Second ' streets,
but soon after at Post and Kearny. Ly
ceum Hall,': on Kearny street/, between
Clay arid Merchant, wan opened February
15 by a variety company.—
Half a dozen new halls for musical and
variety entertainment were brought -into
notice in 'G7, and there were so many ama
teur societies of various kinds that there
was something going on at nearfy all of
them. ¦' ; . , . » -. '¦
At both Platt!s and Uniorrhalls there
were smaller' halls or parlors for the use
of Jmlnor organizations, which were cpn
.tinually giving • entertainments. Among
those most-noted was Congress Hall, lo
cated on Bush street, where The Standard
afterward was \ built. ' : The name was
changed to Temple of Music on October
25, 1S67. •••'.-,: V :'•• '.\ ;' '.
It w'as'.in' s 1S66 that Jenny Landsman
made her appearance as a vocalist and a
representative o'f" California talent. "Her
debut as Maffeo Orslnl in "Lucrezla Bor-'
gia" ..occurred at 'the Metropolitan, and
she appeared at Steinway. Hall, New York,
in December, 1S67. " • v
sculpture and literary work, several of
her novels, and play's' having been receiv
ed with marked favor. Her son, Frank
Cooley, was 'playing -with his own com
pany on this coast last season. -
bold announcements that they were first
productions on this coast.
San Francisco has a mest creditable
reputation in regard to appreciation and
patronage of operatic entertainment.
While the year 1867 did not exhibit as
many eminent theatrical luminaries in its
arrival^ as are found in the diaries of
18C6, it brought to this coast many play
ers comparatively unknown, some of
whom became prime favorites here, re
ceiving indorsement and encouragement
of great value to tiiem in after days.
There were few accidents of a serious
nature and no deep shadows cast over tha
stage for some time after poor Dan Set
chell. the comedian, sailed for Australia
January ZO, 18GG, on the good ship Trieste,
which was never heard from thereafter.
One of the great favorites of that day
was Harry Jackson, the versatile comed
ian, who distinguished himself by play
ing in grand and light opera, all lines of
dramatic work and as the leading clown
with Lee & Kyland's circus, all inside of
twelve months.
His son, Harry Jackson Jr., who opened
the Dewey Theater in Oakland a few
years ago, is a successful dramatist, com
edian and manager now playing his own
clever sketches in the vaudeville Houses.
The younger Jackson made his first ap
pearance on the stage January 26, 1866, as
a child, playing Emmeline in "The Old
Corporal" at Maguire's Opera-house.
Harry EdWards, the favorite actor, who
for many years remained In San Fran
cisco, came here with Julia and Mary Cor
coran, Heine, the blind violinist, and his
clever wife, and the dashing Lady Don,
all the way from Australia, about the
same time that^Madame Celeste, the gTeat
French actress, made a short stay here,
en route to the same country.
; This was in the fall of' '66, 'and Mr. Ed-
\ Mme.. Genee Fritsch, as she was known,
when she,. was directress of the first
class German companies appearing/ at
the old California, every Sunday- night,
gave Ban } Francisco ; some* notably, artis
tic presentations of .-, jhe ' beat • German
plays, and It" was : through her- that
Managers Barton Hill, General Barton
and I Frank , Lawlor \ obtained the original
manuscript," in Genee'a own handwriting,
It .was: reported, that somebody—prob
ably Prince Bismarck— said' something
t-at, sounded like "Rbus.mlt 'era," and
there were no more champagne baths at
court, that season. ' . .
It. was related of the handsome Ottille
that in her early triumphs on the stage
she created a strons competition for her
favors among the.. young officers at the
German court, and that on one unfor
tunate occasion their, admiration reached
such a high temperature that they in
sisted upon furnishing a bath of cham
pagne for" the fascinating actress, and
ordered it at once. The affair naturally
reached the earaof the good old.Kaiser,
who did not like frivolity. -There', waa a
remark . that a trip to America "would
be, beneficial^ to the health" of the ladv,
and that a bunch of youthful officers
needed service on. the. frontier..
This lady, a fascinating actress in her
own country, had already achieved fame
if not fortune when she came to" San
Francisco in April, 18S7, and at once
took a prominent ' place in German the
atrical circles. She was the sister ol
Robert Gence, the celebrated opera
writer and colleague of "Von Suppe, the
famous composer. ".
earnest young collaborator. David Be!
asco. undertook the serious and, profit
able work of adapting old plays, it .wa-j
the. making of -two brilliantly successful
playwrights, whose work has .surprised
and delighted the theater-goers of two
worlds.
In returning to the list of players who
came to this qoast in the sixties, the
name of Ottille Genee presents Itself as
a t very important one,* made "familiar in
various ways' in Germany, as well na
America.
few years by inferior organizations under
IT was in the spring of 1S36 that the
attention cf amusement seekers . in
San Francisco was specially attract
ed to the museum and art collection
at Woodward's Gardens by an adver
tisement that the admission price would
be 25 cents. The gardens had been a pop
ii!ar Sunday resort for some time pre
viously and had been utilized for school
picnics and other gatherings for which
they were not too far from the city.
It was the Woodward family who buiK.
the Mission street car line to make th<!
gardens easier of access and, although
they were for many years the only family
resort, the only one cf the familiar land
marks remaining is the great pavilion
where t>ugi]!stic events now occur.
In the old days there was a rush for
the plac every fine day, and Judging
from the business done there and. In fact,
Rt every p!ac»- where *'al fresco" enter
tainments wer-j given, there v.-ere many
more balmy days and pleasant nights
than have been in evidence for many
years paet.
Throngs of people trailed the weary
way to the Cliff House in the early days
eager to witness the acrobatic trials of
the numerous performers from the cir
cuses who essayed the difficult feat of
walking the tight, rope from the balcony
of Foster's old hostelry to the nearest
¦eal rock, a distance of SIS feet.
High winds frequently made the at
tempt exceedingly dangerous, but that
made the exhibition all the more attrac
tive to the amusement seekers who. In
the elder days, would tramp through the
sand to the old mission to see a bull fight.
Many old-timers who witnessed the
boom in musical entertainments during
the latter part of the sixties will remem
ber with pleasure the advent of the How
son English Opera Company in the sum
mer of 'GC. when the great propriety cf
the title was illustrated by the cast of
"Sonnambula" at the Academy cf Music
July 9, in which five Howsons appeared
in prominent roles.
About this time there was given one of
the most unique entertainments ever of
fered up to that time. The "Moses Tay
lor" dramatic stars played "Coriclanuss"
on board the steamer at sea en route to
Panama. The cast included Charles?
Thorne Jr., Harry Wall and wife (Louise
Clarkson). Walter Leman and Mr. and
Mrs. Yeamans.
The last named artist, who was many
years with Edward Harrigan, will be best
remembered by the theater goers of to
day as a. member of the company playing
"Why Smith Left Home" at the Califor
nia a year or two ago.
The Metropolitan narrowly escaped de
struction through a fire in the adjoining
building July 31, 1866. Bianchl's Opera
Company wa*s compelled by the dampness
which ensued to lay off for a week. Man
cusi and Miller! had just joined among
other noted singers from the East.
It must be remembered that at this
date there was brisk competition in opera,
no less than four companies having ap
peared at about the same time, and! that
by the records "it appears that perform
ances were then offered at reasonable
prices by first-class artists with excellent
accessories. Some of the operas then
presented have been given here within a
The fair Helene appeared thereafter
from time to time, and over twenty years
later was singing at the Tlvoll, where
she created many light opera role3 and
dirt excellent service in the heavier com
positions. She is now In New York, her
last husband, a fencing master, having
opened a studio there several years ago.
It was at the period when the artists
mentioned were first exploiting their
talent on thi3 coast that Edwin Adams,
the gifted young tragedian and emotional
actor, came to San Francisco.
He was not a native of this State, as
has. been erroneously stated, but waa
born in Medf ord, Mas3.. in 1S34, and mad*)
his first appearance in Boston. His ar
tistic ability -was , at once recognized iu
California/, and ha was greatly beloved
in this city, where, ten years later, just
before his retirement from the stags a
victim of consumption, he was given a.
benefit, which netted over S300O.
He lived seven months at San Rafael,
where he seemed to Improve for a snovt
tirae r but on the advice of his physician
he went to Fhiladejphia, where he died
on October 23. 1S77.
The times were ripe for the exploita
tion of new theaters and the spread of
the gospel of the stage. • Early hi lSi£.
there was the greatest boom In theatri
cals ever known on this coast.
There was a season of excitement on
Bush street, -whiA then. became th3 the
atrical center of the oity. v
The California; the Alnambra and tho
Standard, the last two known by various
names thereafter, came into prominence
in 1368, and the dawn of a. brilliant the
atrical season was seen in the winter
of 1867-63. ' '
. The events of the following spring were
o£ special Importance to the lovers of
first-class dramatic entertainment. . i
. Helene Dlngeon, then Mrs. Nichols,
came into prominence as a> public singer
by making her first appearance and tak
ing a complimentary benefit at Platt's
Hall November 20, the same year.
Other important acquisitions to the
u.nks of the players in San Francisco at
that time were Mr.* and Mrs. Charles
Poole and Helen Tracy, the beautiful
leading woman, -who appeared as Vir
ginia at Maguire's Opera-house- Novem
ber 12. 1SS7. ,
-Mrs. Bates, who is still in active ser
vice, has a Ions and honorable record as
a sterling actress. - ,
The many .visits to this coast there
after by Mrs. Bates and her connection
with stock organizations here within the
past decade have made her a familiar
and favorite artiste," and it is pleasant- to
note the great success of her accomplish
ed daughter, Blanche Bates, who has
reflected great credit upon California as
a producer of exceptionally brilliant dra
matic talent. -•
Mr. and Mrs. F..M. Bates were among
the popular players who came in '67.
They "appeared first at the Metropolitan
In "Camille," which at that time was
the favorite role of almost all the legiti
mate actresses. -
E. Y. Bert also took a particularly
good company East, and John Marshall
of Lee .& Marshall's circus fame, and
subsequently manager of "Woodward's
Gardens, was also interested In sending
the gymnasts all over the civilized world.
The Eirrercr of Japan, of -whom it
was said forty years ago that he -would
never permit a native troupe of acrobats
to visit America, changed his mind so
thoroughly in the last half of the six
ties that no less than half a dozen or
ganizations of that character came to
this country in a bunch. Manager Tom
Magulre got in early, and after taxing
Ihem all around for a complimentary tes
timonial, sent a company on tour.
of "Fatinltza." and gave the first English
production of that celebrated opera at
the California In the winter of 137S-79.
THE SUNDAY CALL. 1
11
EARLY DAY THEATRICALS IN SAN FRANCISCOIf so they willed, but they do not. They
are President McKinley und Secretary
liny, upon whom first or lust come the
settlement of many problems.
The contrast is too strong to be with
out its lesson.
Royalty is being attacked, silently and
gently, from within and without. Its own
subjects chafe under |ts exactions, and
Amerlcu keeps growing as an example of
the fact that national power may exist
without it.
Returning to their own countries, these
very Ministers spread the oause of demo
cracy. Mme. Wu. conservative ms all
women are, more conservative as all Chi
nese are, most conservative as an Ein
bassadress from the most dignified of all
monarchies must be, yet returns to China
full of enthu«lanm for American simplicity^
In both social and oillclal methodi.
Her conversion is a triumph of democ
racy. .
royalty and democracy Is belnjy fought out
there.
There come . the gorgeous Ministers
Plenipotentiary and Envoys Extraordin
ary from the little kingdom of Tobasco or
the empire of Three-card Monte.
Each representative of a tiny monarchy
wears enough gold lace and velvet to
murk him to the unknowing as special
representative from a whole planet ut
least, if not from the sun itself.
Among all these, dons, vons and higher
titled spectacles, circulate a couple of
email, quietly dressed, alert men, In plain
black suits of clothes- which do not cost
as much as one of the shoulder knots on
some of their gaudy guests.
These two modest men couUl by a word
wipe out not only the splendid sprig of
aristocracy, but his little country us well,
the shivers every time ne thinks he has
lost it, which happens every time that h«
gets his headgear on hind side before.
While these men all constitute one large
official .family there are the gravest dis
tinctions to be drawn among them, ow
tng to rank of their respective countries
and also to the fact that there may ba
long-standing feuds between them \vh!ch
have never been healed by a healthy out
burst of war. Such, for instance, was the
coolness between Austria und Mexico,
which have never recovered from tha
shock of the Maximilian affair. This has
always to bo regarded In possible meet-
Ings between the representatives.
The importance of the doings of the
Washington diplomatic corps comes from
the fuct thut the great battle between
with him. As It is with him, so with tb«
others.
As a rule It would seem that the lesser
tha power which accredits a representa
tive the more dignity do they invest him
with in the way of silks, furs, plumes and
golden decorations. The must gorgeous
of all In the diplomatic corps are the per
sons who represent Korea and Slam, coun
tries which are merely allowed to remain
on the map because some statesman who
has the say has not yet concluded that It
is time to erase them, Their Inherent
power has long gone by.
For rich elegance there are few who
equal the Chinese Embassador, and next
to the English he has the largest retinue.
Minister Wu wears a diamond In his hat
which is so valuable that it gives him
than from any written precept, still glveg
a great power in the matter of the. settle
ment of small questions of precedence
and practice, of which diplomacy largely
consists.
Each of the members of embassies and
legations wears the court costume of
his own particular country, and the result
is a mixture of fashions such as can bo
seen at no other place in America.
The Chinese gentlemen wear gowns,
their ladles wear trousers. The represent
atives of the Shah and Sultan wear their
hats In the house and even to church. Not
that they Intend any disrespect, but for
the simple reason that under the hat of
the Turkish Minister it is always Tur
key. He is always at home with himself,
and carries the. custom of his country
three star companies, could ever hope to
succeed. Each Is Jealous of his own dig
nity, of that of his country, and still
more of the possibility that In some way
unknown to him their luster may be Im
paired by too close relations with our
very democratic American nation.
Most luminous of all of the constellation
It I»rd Pauncefote, the. personal repre
sentative of his Britannic Majesty King
Edward VII. Most luminous for two rea
sons, the first that his la the most active
ly powerful country represented, and the
second that either by accident or acumen
he was the first Embassador accredited
to this country, and as such takes place
as Dean of the Diplomatic Corps. This*,
while merely an honorary position, and
aiiilnar more from courtesy and custom
THIS Is the most gorReous .aggrega
tion of humanity that was ever
gathered together In America. The
President and Secretary of^ State
representing America: und Embas
aaclors, Ministers, and all manner
of, lesser delegates representing the
Boverelgn powers of thirty-six of the oth
er 'greatest nations on the globe. \'--
These are men. of more than peraonul
Importance. An Insult i or slight to one of
them would ba an Injury, to his country
and possibly a cause of war. Again, a
good word from one of them might on the
contrary, end a threatened, breach of na
tional peace.
To handle this galaxy of bright particu
lar btars is a task at which no stage man
ager, used as he might bo to one, two or
KEY TO THE PHOTOGRAPH OF
THE PRESIDENT AND THE
DIPLOMATIC CORPS.
45-;Mme. Sidky Bey, wife of Second Sec
retary to .Turkish Legation.
46— Count A. von Qua'dt-Wykrad Isny,
First Secretary of German Embassy.
47— Viscount de Santo-Thyrso, Portu
guese Minister. .¦ ' .' ' -i
48— Count G. de Lichtorvelde, Belgian
Minister. ' V
49— Count Cassini, Russian Embassador.
50— Mr. Eugene Thiebaut, First Secre-
tary to French Embassy. . ¦)
51— Senor Don Joaquin Bernardo Calvo,
Minister from* Costa Rica.; . .:.'¦
' 52— Senor Don Eliodoro Infante, First'
Secretary to Chilean Legation.
53 — Viscountess- de Santo-Thyrso, Portu
gucse- Minister's wife. "
54— M. Jules Cambon, French Embassa
dor.
55— Dr. Eduardo Wilde, Argentine Minis-'
ter. . '
5G— Miss Pauncefoto, British Embassa
dor's daughter.
57— Senhor da Costa Dwarts, attache to
Portuguese ., Legation. ... a
58— Lieutenant Colonel Schebeko, mili
tary attache Russian Embassy..
59— Lady Pauncefote, British Embassa
dor's wife. -,.'. i •: ¦ '" - ' '¦ .•'¦¦¦ '. ¦-. i ¦
• .'" 60-^Duchess de Arcos, Spanish. Minister's
wife., (
j 61— Countess Marguerite Casslnl, niece of
Russian Embassador. • ;
,* 62— Mme. Wu, Chinese Minister's wife,
j C3— Mme. Takahira,, Japanese Minister's 1
wife.- ,, <¦ ¦
C4— Sidky Bey, Second Secretary to Turk
ish Legation.
,65— President of Costa Rica.
60— Senpr Don Fco, Leonte Vasquez.
67-Preaident of Chile. I i
68— Phya Prashiddhi, Minister from
Siam.
69— Dr. Juan Cuestas, Minister from Ur
uguay. ,
70— Mr. Manuel Alvarez Calderon, Minis
ter from Peru. . .
71— Lord Pauncefote, British Embassa
72— Mr. J. B. Ploda, Minister from Switz
erland.
73— Baron de Fava, Embassador from
Italy.
74— Mrs. Pioda, Swiss Minister's wife.
75— Mr. J. N. Leger. Minister from llaytl.
70— Senor Don Fernando E, Guuchalla,
Minister from Bolivia.
77— Senor Don Rafael Zaldlvar, Minister
from Ecuador. '
78— Mr. Kogoro Takahira, Japanese Min
ister. •
79— Mr. John Hay, Secretary of State.
80— Mexican Minister's daughter.
SI— Senor Don Luis F. Corea, Minister
from Nicaragua. -\
82— Herr von llolleben, German Embas
sador.'
83— Mexican Minister's daughter.
84-Mrs. McKinley.
85-Presldent McKinley.
. 1— Mme. . Shen, First Secretary's wife,
Lceation.
2— Attache Chinese Legation.
3— Mr. Chung, interpreter Chinese Lega*
<tion ' . ' . '.
4— Attache Chinese Legation.
5— Mr. Chou,' Chinese' Consul at New
'fork. . .;
""6 and 7— Attaches Chinese Legation,
i 8— Mr. Shen, First Secretary Chinese Le-.
jation. ¦ N •' '¦
9— Attache Chinese Legation.
, 10-:Mr. Wu, Chinese Minister. . 1 ,
II and (12— Attaches Chinese Legation.
33— Chinese Minister's son. ' ¦ • .
14; 15 and 1G— Attaches Chinese Legation;
17— Duke Le G. de Caracciolo Castagen
la," attache Italian Legation.
18 — Attache Italian Legation.
19— Mr. Romaneo, attache Italian Lega
tion.
20— Senor Don Augusto'F. Pulido, Charge'
d'Affaires, Venezuela.
1 ,21— Mr. de "Wollant, First Secretary Rus
sian Legation and Charge d' Affaires.
.' 22— Senhor J. F. de Assis-Brasil, Brazil
ian Minister.
23— Senhorita de Assis-Brasil, Brazilian
Minister's daughter. /
[j 24— Senhora de Assis-Brasil, Brazilian
Ulnister's wife. ¦'. •' :
•'• 25— Countess A. vori Quadt-Wykradt
3sny, wife of First Secretary to German
legation. • .
20— Senora de Morla Vicuna, Chilean '
Minister's wife. ¦
27— Senor Moiia Vicuna, Chilean Minis
28 — All Ferrough Bey, Turkish Minister.
29— Senora Adellna Roel de Alvarez Cal
,deron, Peruvian Minister's wife. • .
30— Senora Gulllermina de Ollvclra-Cezar
le Wilde, Argentine Minister's wife. ' •
31— Brazilian Minister's daughter.
32— General Isaac Khan, Persian Minis
33— Baron W, A. F. Gevers, Netherlands
Minister. . ,
34— Senora Dona Ines Garmendla rle In
(fonte, wife of First Secretary to Chilean
I legation.
; C5— Duke de Arcos, Spanish Minister.
SC— Sonora Dona Helen Garcia do Azpl
]roz, Mexican Embassador's wife.
37— Mr. Lacllslaua Hcngelmuller von
Ilengervar, Austro-Hungarian Minister.
38— Senor Don Manuel de Azpiroz, Mexi
can Embassador. . j
39— Mme. Hengelmuller von Ilengervar,
Austro-Hungurlan Minister's wife.
40 — Mme. Cambon, French Embassador'a
wife.
41— Senor Don Emlllo C. Joubert, Charge
d'Affalres Dominican Renublic. ,
42— Senor Don Jose Romero, Second Sec
retary to Mexican Embassy.
43— Mme. de Wollant,- wife of First Sec
retary Russian Embassy.
44— Mr. Bromley, attache to British Em
bassy.
THIS StTJNTDAT CAXTi.
12
President
McKinley
and the
Diplomatic Corps
of 1901 grouped in
the East Room of
the White House
A Remarkable Composite
Picture.BUGLES SOUND FOR FLAG-RAISING
ON TENTED HEIGHTS AT SANTA CRUZ
AND TROOPS OF THE STATE ENCAMP
: Guardsmen Throng
Mhe; Fields Near
; the V Seaside; Gity
Begun
Commands
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I Pages 13 to 22 1
Pagesl3to22
Spe'elal Dispatch to The Call.
June 15.— Kitchener tele
graphs the War Office from . Pretoria,
under to-day's date, as follows: ; . *¦ /
•"During the march from Vrede (Orangc (
RivcrColoriy) Eliot's column engaged the
enenjy under Dewet on June 6^ and after
severe fighting captured a convoy 'of eev-,
enty-one 16aded wagons. 'fort'y-flye piis- |
oners,' fifty-eight rifles*, 10,000 rounds of |
ammunition and 4000 cattle. The Boers j
left seventeen killed and three wounded
on .the field. Our casualties were . three
officers and seventeen men killed,' and one
officer and twenty-four men wounded." ;
Captures a Convoy! With . a
Train of Ammunition s;
" , and Cattle.
Twenty of the Attacking Force Are
killed and .Twenty-Seven
-. V "Wounded.: :°
BRITISH WIN
VICTORY AT
HEAVY COST
Eliot's Column* Engages
Boer Force Under . j
Dewet. '
Reappointed Governor of New Mexico.
*^WASHINGfONrjunel5.^:The President
to-day, reappointed' Miguel 'A. 'Otero , Gov
:errior r of 'New/Mexico.'^HIs' term' expired'
June^**; 1 '•"• >¦ rr'-vSvfV.v ¦¦¦'''- ?* ¦:¦)&* v'vi«-
:':' Congressmen' at Santa Barbara.
.. SANTA:BARBABA, June 15.—The Con
gressional. Committee on Rivers and Har
bors-'visited here this morning, and the
members .were shown about the city by
the ] Chamber of Commerce committee on
coast defense. . They expressed themselves
well pleased;with the visit and iir favor
of an "appropriation 'for a harbor survey
and a'port'of •entry.: r- ¦
DICTATOR CAILLES • ¦
«.. SIGNS THE TERMS
OF A ST7BRENDER
MANILA, Juns I6.r-Insurgent
General Cailles, who proclaimed him
sclf dictator of Luzon as the successor
of ¦' Aguinaldb, has signed "'terms of
surrender. -
PROTEST AGAINST OPENING
. LANDS IN OKLAHOMA
Lone Wolf and Indian Associates
Make Appeal to Secretary of M
• ,':, * the Interior. -;
WASHINGTON. 1 Juno 1 15.— Lone ; Wolf
and twelve ' or fifteen other Indians "rep
resenting . the and
Apache tribes to-day appeared before the
Secretary of the Interior, and made a ver
bal t protest against the opening or any
part of. their lands in Oklahoma to, settle
ment "under the act, of the* last session 'of
Congress.;' They were Introduced byJjudge
Springer.' . Several: of . thenCdeclared , that
tho» agreement' for the $ cession •¦ of: their
lands* had not been secured by ' legitimate
methods. tT: .. V; -\ ¦' •-• ¦-.-•¦' '-."-.
~ Judge^Springer j presented the" complaint
of the' Indians Jn detail. " ' V • -_, ' . ;
ja Secretary^ Hitchcock • told - the ' -. Inaians
.that hQ had received' them only' as a mat
ter; of "courtesy 'and^ that -.under- ho'clf
cumstances could J he consider > their pre-
Bentation while their case was \ pending in
the v courts. _It Is understood . that the 'In
dians :wlll ¦ not 1 .' be": received • by.: the .Presi
dent on account 'of Mrs. McKInley's t 'c6n-'
dition. . .".'._ ¦ •; . ; ,' ¦."<.- ' .
CHICAGO. June 15.— The Tribune to
morrow will cay: E. H. Harriman was
the directing figure in two movements be
gun yesterday and which are expected to
affect every railroad running west of Chl
cero and St. PauL
What is believed. to be the first step to
ward a composite agreement between the
great roads running west of these cities
was perfected at a .conference held here
between Mr. Harriman and the officials of
the companies concerned. By its term
an ironclad agreement to end rate wars
and other complications Is expected to be
spread over all the roads In the northern
group, including the Northern Pacific, the
Burlington, the Milwaukee and St. Paul,
the Union Pacific and Northwestern and
the Great Northern lines. " . •
To the southwest the Santa Fe will.op
erate hand in hand with the Southern Pa
cific. It will be a "community of inter
ests" plan and provides that the Pacific
M&ll and Occidental steamship lines/con
trolled by the Southern Pacific, shall take
care of the Santa Fe's trans-Pacific .busi
ness:
The other move directed by Mr. Harri
man was the practical provision for ' the
transfer of the Chicago, Milwaukee" and
E t. Paul to the Harriman syndicate ' and
the turning of this line Into a link of the
Union Pacific system. This plan was ar
ranged at a secret conference held at the
Auditorium annex, attended by many rail
road men and a* number of bankers. Lit
tle doubt is entertained that the syndi
cate has obtained control of the Milwau
kee and St. Paul on practically the sume
lines that . J. Hi* secured the Burling
ton. The Btock of the St.. Paul road, will'
be taken over by the Union Pacific at the ;
Octotter meeting. It is reported that the
stockholders of the . former line will be'
offered 5200 of I per cent for every $100.
worth. of stocks, and that the bonds will,
be guaranteed by the Union Pacific, the
Southern Pacific ' and the Missouri Pa
cific »nd the Goulds, who are. said to be
parties to the transaction.'; Certain large
Btcckholders of the St. Paul, it is said,
have sold or agreed to sell, s'tock' amount-
Ing to $23,000,000 par valu^e: Peter Geddes'
Is said to be" directly concerned • in this'
deal along with James Henry Smith and
• : «•; : "- \ "¦¦ : «
(William Rockefeller, all of • whom are di
rectors. ... , . • , • ¦¦;-'-
f The deal, will be financed at the eastern
end by. the National- City Bank of New
York:- -'---¦-¦¦ ••-. :. •','¦ ¦ ¦ -: ¦ : ' /.-.,- :'¦ ; i
; NEW YORK, June 15.— The Tribune to
morrow will say: The report v/as current
In Wall "street yesterday that a railway
combination' had been /organized with an
aggregate capital .of : $2,00O,0CO,000. The
combination was said -to include the St.
Paul) Burlington, Chicago and North-^
western, Northern Pacific, Wisconsin
Central, .Union. Pacific and Southern Pa
cific- J. . P. • Morgan: was", said ' to • be" the
financial backer of the combination.- Ac
cording to a prominent official in one of
the lines said to be involved, .the story
grew out of , the reported St. Paul-Union
Pacific deal, by which the latter Is said to
have bought a large block of stock in the
former. Little credence was given to .the
report In Wall street. •¦
ion staff, has established a"; field hospital
jnst behind division headquarters and will
put in practice the latest . regulations of
the sanitary" corps. "There are 'no brigade .
hospitals -and .no . regimental, hospital.
Every sick man will be sent to the field
• hospital and ; will be established N in one
of the'two ward3, or possibly he will visit-
the operating room which Colonel Me*
Carthy has fitted up with appliances
"ei-c.i-gh to "carve'tb pieces e.very. inan" in
the division. He has the combined hos
pital corps of the division encamped just
In the rear of the hospital and only ona
hosrital steward and a private of the hos- •
pltal corps , are on duty with each regi
ment. '•" ¦ . '"- . • '" ¦ ¦ ¦ . ;
Major.Charles J.. Evans, division signal
officer, has been detailed. to command the
signal corps from each of the three brig
ades. They are^ camped on a' ridge with •
the, threccavalry. troops, and just beyond :
the cavalry camp is the stable. with room,
on the picket ropes for. close to 500 horses.
First Lieutenant cr \J,-."Wells of Troop
A has been made quartermaster . of the
squadron and consequently is In charge "of
the stables. Major :Hewe3,\ aid,'; on --.the
division, staff, has been ¦ assisting Colonel
Draper, the division , engineer, and he la
perhaps one of the hardest workers in the
camp. He has j put up the division head
quarters tents and has furnished them,
In addition to his other duties.. .
Plans for the week include an effort to'
have Adjutant General Corbln, U. : S. A.,'
visit the camp while he is waiting for the'
stotmer to take him to Manila." Admiral
Casey ; will also be In camp, and it - 1s
hoped an effort will be made . to have
some of the warships now In the harbor
of San Francisco come down to be present '
when the big. parade will be 'held next
Friday.. 1 :
"The .' Second . Regiment , was the last to
get Into : camp. It came through town at
9 o'clock this evening and marched at
once to fill the Tast vacant rows ow (he
Third Brigade. * - > *
GOVERNOR PINGREE
IN CRITICAL CONDITION
His Attending: Physicians, Although
Apprehensive, Are Still Hope
ful of His Becovery.
IX5NDON'. June 16, 1:30 a. m. — A consul
tation of physicians in former Governor
Pingree's room at midnight evidenced the
acuteness of his illness. Every effort has
been extended to check the exhaustion
from which he is suffering, and while the
physicians declare that Mr. Pingree has
fairly held^his own to-day, they are un
able to say that he is anywise improved.
The question new is whether his natural
physical strength will enable him to with
stand the exhausting strain of the last
few days. The patient was sleeping at 1
o'clock. A further consultation will be
held at 9 o'clock this morning. That Mr.
Plngree's condition is critical cannot be
denied, and his physicians do not disguise
their apprehension, though they were still
hopeful of a favorable result.
MUBDEBEB OF PLA2TTZB.
FOSTEB STILL AT LAEGE
Governor Heard of I<ouisiana Offers
a Reward for Capture of Prince
Edwards.
SHREVEPORT. JLa,. June 15.— The situ
ation here to-right with regard to the
Foster assassination is unchanged. There
are many reports current to-day that the
negro Prince Edwards has been seen in
several places, but up to to-night the of
ficers have made no arrest. The twelve
negroes under arrest for complicity in
the Wiling remain In jaJl at Benton, heav
ily guarded, and it is believed there Is no
danger of violence. The town Is quiet and
the Sheriff 6ays he apprehends no further
trouble.
Governor Heard to-day offered a reward
of 5250 for the capture of Edwards. .Thlt
makes 5750 offered for the apprehension
of the fugltK'e.
Find a Bodj in. the River.
SACRAMENTO. June 15.— The body of
Harry C. Barton, an Invalid who was last
teen alive yesterday afternoon, was found
In the Sacramento River at the foot of
R street to-nigrbt. At an Inquest to-night
the Coroner's Jury was unable to deter
mine whether the drowning was suicidal
or accidental.
Koosevelt Will Go to Colorado.
IDENVDH, June 13.— Governor Orman
to-day received a letter from Vice Presi
dent Roosevelt accepting his Invitation to"|
attend the quarto-centennial celebration
of Colorado's Statehood, August 2 and 3,
and the Rough Riders' reunion, which oc
curs at the same time at Colorado
Springs. ,
SCENES. AT THE . NATIOXAL.
GUARD ENCAMPMENT NEAR
SANTA CRUZ. : . ": • r\
AGREEMENT THAT WILL PUT AN END
TO RATE WARS OF THE RAILROADS
Harriman Joins All of the. Transcontinental- Lines in a
"Community of Interests"- Project. ¦
eral. His assistant and solicitor will be
natives.
Harry Finney, a pawnbroker, is' to be
tried here on the charge of illegally, pur
chasing commifisary stores. j .._.-.-
CALIFORNIA!* -WHO WILL SIT ON
, StrPREME-'- BENCH IN PHILIP
PINE TERRITORY. '- ',.-
.WASHINGTON. June 16.-A report said
to have been published in Manila that
General MacArthur. was coming- home by
way of South Africa Is "emphatically de
nied at the ; War Department. Although
General MacArthur could suit himself 'as
to- his .route, . the cabled, report from Ma
nila T that he, was ,' to return . by. way of
Nagasaki is affirmed, in the department.
He .will go : to : San ; Francisco and then
come on to "Washington.
guard 'duty.'arid ,the cavalry squadron was
driiered to furnish men for mounted patrol
duty. .* A .color.' line, was established .in
front of the di\-isional flagstaff, and it
was ofde"red that all calls shall be blown
first' by" the".;chie:f trumpeter of the divis
lort.-then' by the third, second and first
bripade"' trumpeters," 'then-in--the artillery
battalion^ the signal corps and the cavalry
srjuadron. <ThIs determines the precedence
.of the" various commands. -
Excellent Commissary Arrangements
; ; Retreat to-day was ordered, for. 6 o'clock
land '"within" a- few minutes' of that .time
•the. flag camefdowrito the playing of .the
\ national anthem the : First ; Regiment
iBand. There was^rio salute,' for the naval
[ militia' guns have • not been delivered In
j Santa Cruz by the railroad. Tattoo ¦ will
;be at]9 o'clock' and taps at 10. After re
¦ treat* at '-'6;. o'clock, until further orders,
I the camp • will be closed "and all men must
¦ have -.a. : pass to get. by- the . outpost's and
the. guard line. It is announced that" none
'but necessary passes will be Issued.
„" The * comm'ssary arranseinfients "of * the
camp are better than they have' been at
any camp held by . the National Guard.
Colonel Huber, the division commissary,
woiks in an inclosure surrounded.- by. an
eight-foot . barbed ! wire fence. One of
his issues was 2500 pounds of bread, and
that was. but -a. day's ration. More than
that weight of meatwas Issued and "milk
by, «ne can was sent to the -various head 5 *
quarters until the commissary tents -were
filled with the . .tins" and there ' seemed
room for nothing else. , . \ : ..
I The ; commissary's list includes fresh
meat, , bacon,'' pork, codfish, /soft bread,'
flour, ; oatmeal, potatoes, onions, tomatoes,
green vegetables, rice', macaroni, .beans
(lima), peas. .. coffee, tea.Tsugar, salt, pep
per;' dried fruit." butter and milk. Besides
these \ lardl ; baking powder, soap, sVrup,*
vinegar and smoked ham are Issued to the
headquarters of each "organization. The
fresh' meat wlll.be issued each day, every
second day's Issue. being. a small one and
supplemented by an issue of *acon or
pork. v.On Friday the fresh , meat ration
of twenty ounces a man will be reduced
to ten. ounces and'seven ounces of cod
fish wiil" be Issued to make up the differ
ence. The bread ration Is twelve ounces*
the milk ration Is ene pint, that of pota
toes^ is ten 'ounces', that of sugar three
ounces,' and so on In similar 'proportion.
No one will starve in Camp Gage.Vor the
ration. Is an ample one,; and.it is supple
mented by the men with all sorts of dain-,
ties that are stowed away in haversacks,
blanket bags and camp chests.
i : rField March Is Planned.
I The plans ; for; the week '. are necessarily,
.vague as to detail, but the general scheme
will be to let .minor tactics alone and de
all the .time- to regimental-and\brl
"gfcile,movements." The attack and defense
will be ; taken- up r the passage of defiles
and the storming ;of' ridges, -."and, It .may
•be" that: a fleld^rnarch.will be made by "a
detachment" during "orieday and one night
%t ; the. cainp/. time. '.- . . --' -. .
) *The ' nrsfjguafd , mount will : be • held on
the ' big v parade ' ground : to^morro-w,_ morn
lng.'f By 'that time r the daily, routine will
have been decided upon, and it will be put
in ; force". with- the; appointment of the new
guard.;*';'/ ~ ' •' ¦• "" • ' . ' ";'; " ';' ; --' ¦ ; . ;. ¦ ';
- Colonel . McCarthy, surgeon on the divis
rfS)gF8rir«yy t i;vrfrTi^*iK6TiyiVttr witstTmmnsfptkmntniiy?
»%ys=jr ANTA ¦ CRUZ, }' June Yo.— Camp
| (Gj^Gage- ia formed.' 'The' flag' was"
j^*"^y raised at 4 o'clock- this afternoon,
the troops are' all :ln- and___thl£
\ evening guards patrol the roads
tn and out, andthe camp is closed;* Major
George Filmer of the" First Infantry. fiVst
field officer Tof - the day,.; raised ' the^ hag,
•while .the band of tthe -¦ First iRegiment
played | "The. Star-Spangled 'Banner." \ He"
had '- with '. him ' at ¦. the v halyards \ Sergeant
McCulloch, Corporal Rogers and 'Private
Knottner, all of Company , -B_. of, the First.
Drawn" up in' line in front of. division
headquarters,. were General' Dickinson ' and
his .staff, 'Adjutant ,. General .Seamans,
Colonel Bangham, Colonel Young, Colonel
Runyon and others,, who raised theiri hats
as the flag went " to the . top of -the staff
and, urifoldedT^its^ length^in\the" gentle
breeze that came in from the sea. *
.Troop' B* from* Sacramento of the" Third
Brigade was * the;; .first .organization in
camp. , .The . troopers ; rode in from Glen
brook ;thls morning, .and ; yesterday .they,
rode ' to' Glenbrook= from; San .: Francisco.'
They came in under command of Captain
$. W. Kay. "arid -there were forty-five .of
them,' all mounted on. grayr horses.- .-:»: -;j
Quickly following them '.came Major H. :
P. Bush with his artillery battalion from
San Francisco. They came 160' strong and
•were jubilant over. "the" fact that' they were
here before the Flrst^Infantry, .which" .was
so close on their heels that the men In red
had not "settled- themselves ' before * "their
brothers in wb lte; msrehed '• into : the camp
ground. The oavalryifrom the* city, iTrcTpp
A, ledthe'Fifst tothehllland'was headed
by .the mounted - band' playing marching
order. \ ' 'v"~."> .' ¦'"¦ ¦ '' '.'' f*- ¦ A "' *.''" '.
.. . . Eusy Men : on the Heiglits. - ; .
'^Then iti '.rapid cameoln' the
Infantry men fromN the! interior counties,
the* Salinas troop cf ' cavalry, ; the signal
corps' from . the three . brigades, - generals
and their- staffs,' quartermasters' .. wa gons,
comissary " ; wagons, •' visitors ' : in -'buses
and carriages," and * officers of the Govern
or's stafT. .It Beemed as "if everything led
carhpward. The "'road :- winding" up the
canyon' was crowded .with men and .horses
and .wagons almost' hidden j by;a r : cloud of
dust. ; All were toiling toward the lines of
tents '. that - dotted i the ,' ridges "of ' t the] camp
aground. ..There arejiow'2000 inen in camp,
and .by; to-morrow feverilrig '' there j will <.be*
many, niore.^ The "regiments^ are^settledf in
their tents i and 'the f camp, is practically in
working I order,' but there ' will "not be ; any I
speclaVorders^uhtir. Monday, when .the j
drHls;"wlir commence. ; • ¦< •' • "• "^ •¦!,
j'Tne '.first : order' 1 was "issued tb-dav as
scon .as the\flag'. had.been, raised,'' and 'it
_\yji3 sent, through" thecamp /to every, bri
gaiie and . regimental headqftarters >nd • to
t he ' headquarters ; of ' the Rivalry ',' squadron
an J ; the signal corps. 7 * The order.nxesjthe
preliminary^ arrangements ' of *.-' the \ camp J
ana '; makes » a^ f ew^'appointments/;- Major
Fihner^6f;the'Fifst Infantry^ v is"' made Afield,
offlcer^ of^"the .day;i'LIeuteria.ntV. < W. : l. : E.
; Wehsern, ? Company, : E,' : , First * Infantry?
cornmander , of ;. the 1 guard ; ' Lieutenant - W. .
.B."'! Corcoran; .Compariy.tC.'^jrst 1 : Infantry;
ofnceV of ' the'gua'rd : 'Captain" Charles Jan
seh,*.Troo'p;A' of 'ithe[ Second ' Brigade, pro
vost marshal, f, Twelve ., men , . from Ueach
brigade were ordered detailed • for, genVral
|^^^j^e%S^8SS9fi0SBSSES8^'' • •"-'-- — • .
' Mr. Arthur Balfour's denial ¦ x in the
Hou«e of Commons "on -Thursday ¦ that
there are any negotiations for peace be
tween'Lord Kitchener and General Botha
was a disappointment .to most, men on
either side of the House. ' There are mai«y
Conservatives who, while generally sup
porting the policy of the 'Government,
thinking that the war could not have been
avoided without' loss of honor* would be
glad to see peace now concluded on rea
sonable terms. • '• -/.
' On the other hand',, there is a strong
party who believe; that the enemy's sup
plies are being exhausted ,and that he
cannot hold out much longer, and that if
Bord Kitchener keeps on "pegging away,"
as General Grant said, the Boers will soon
surrender without conditions.' \,
J They' point* to i the fact that the lines of
communication are now better protected
than, they , have ever been before.' and af-
Igue'that as the Boers are largely depend
ent 1 upon what they could capture from
";tne";JBrItlsh' they must_be^in some straits.
There are "persistent^rumors . of • European
erto{proved 'unfounded;^.- y^_; ¦ ' ;"-;'.
* J .T have .reason 'to belle\'e'that''the^Queen"
'of Holland ..did -make "urgent -representa
tions to the German Erriperof on "this sub
ject, -and that the EmperorA knowing ; how
pupiilar • such ' a -step; would ' be with J the'
German people,; privately ..inquired;, what
support.it would, receive fromVthe "other
powers. _ '"< '"'.', •* ' ¦'*
• But there 'is no • reaso'n -to suppose * that
Russia. or* France would be willing to In-,
terferej and isolated interference is ' out
of the question. 'After all'England has a
navy .which no power or group of powers
would care to confront;; It is no disadvan
tage to her rivals. in China and elsewhere
that her "army, .should' be locked up in
South Africa. If, therefore, the Boers are
relying upon' external aid they are walk
ing in a vain shadow.
• What .their, own resources may be far
continuing' the struggle unaided they
alone know. , Lord Jvitchener is said to be
hopeful. So '-is'vSkr.v- Kruger, but Lord
Kitchener is on spot and Mr.* Kruger
Is not. - , . ',¦;.'.'•. • --. : '•'¦ • '•' ' . - >'a'< : ;'
'THE -;- ; HAGUE, June, 15.-Mrs. . Botha,
wife . of r the « Boer commandant in chief,
who is "said to be. in .Europe on a peace
mission, had a' two hours', conference with
Paul Kruger hereto-day. Afterward she
returned' to .Brussels.:'" ¦,: *>' .-. ." >,' ' ' /.""'''''••
ASKS TOE VIEWS OF '-JURISTS
Peace Association Denies the Bight
of Forcible Annexation.
1.0ND0N; Juhe 15.— The 'International
Arbitration and . 4 'Peace^'Association ha?
pent a letter, to a number of American and
European lurlsts of international repute,
asking assistance to clear up questions'of
the -law. on annexation ;and the rules of
warfare, t The committee having the mat
ter ! ln"\hand, : '"which , inclosed the parlia
mentary return on farm-burning in South
Africa, : considers it desirable- to _ obtain
collective, authoritative opinion of the
lending"" jurists' of the world on these sub
jects.'- -'.'¦': .'¦ ¦ '¦ ' V '-' . '¦ ' ' . ¦ ¦¦
"Events : In South Africa; and those
which have'recently occurred in Cuba and
th? j Philippines,", writes r the '.committee,
"seem-. to call for'such an, expression of
opinion from these; who ; have ' devoted
themselves to the'study of the philosophy
of law, as it. may exercise an Important
influence^ upon ; both ;-the and the
government." ' ' ¦" • ¦'¦'¦
; The .letter,? which , is -signed, among
others,. by Felix chairman of
the 'International "Arbitration and; Peace
•Association,- incloses. what is described as
a "rough enumeration .of . the. opinions^ of
recent 'Writers;" "All those who are quot^
ed deny [tflej right of, annexation by" force
except by authority jOf the' congress of the
states, or thV declared -will of the people.'
The" \ inclo'sure." : winds ' up ywlth . pointing
out that the British "nominal annexation
of South African republics*^ is In direct
contravention of the .foregoing opinion.' •'
shir: Duke of ,- Norfolk from j New Zealand,
whlchVarrlved , to-day, brines a 1 prisoner
charged {with, murder,) robbery and arson
coromitteed at Colchester; .'county of Ea
sex, In 1893. -The case promises to develop
a' mistaken identity ¦ controversy*^ almost
equal to .that j of the*Tichborne case. ; , • >
-ln' the year' mentioned .Arthur^ Blatch
robbed f and r murdered ; 'Alfred ;* Welch and
set fire to his victim's tailor shop in order
to 'cover, his VrifneVA He' escaped; !" •' .",' i ¦-'- '
MANILA. June 15.— The United
States Philippine Commission
has appointed the following Su
preme Court Justices: Chief
Justice, Caietano Arellano;
Florentino Torres. ex-Attorney General;
J. K. Cooper of Texas; General James F.
Smith of California, formerly Collector of
Customs; Charles A. Willard of Minne
sota. Victorina Mapa of Hollo and Fletch
er Ladle of N«w Hampshire.
The commission has appointed L. F.
Wilfley of Missouri to be Attorney Gen-
CONGER SOON
HILL RETURN
TO HIS POST
Tells the President He
Will Go Back to
Peking.
•
His Action Arouses the Criti
cism of Administration
Officials.
Their Expectation That He WouLd
Apply for Further Leave of Ab
sence K"ot Realized.
»
Sr>eciaJ DIer>e.tch to The Call
CAUL, BUREAU. 1406 O STREET. X.
"W.. WASHINGTON, June 15.— Edwin H.
Conger, Minister to China, disappointed
the adnalnlstra.tlon to-day. Instead of ap
plying for an extension of his leave of
absence, as had been confidently expect
ed, Mr. Cong-er informed the President
that he ¦would return to his post by a
steamer leaving San Francisco the first
"week In July.
Mr. Conger's anxiety to return to IV
fcing- Is explained by some persons as
due to the fact that he desires to be sure
of one position while reaching out for an
other. This attitude has caused consid
erable criticism by administration of
ficials. The Minister Is regarded as im-
pervious to hints, however, and is appar
ently certain that the President is satis
fied with the course he pursued In Peking.
At least this was the statement he made
after he had called upon /the chief ex
ecutive.
Mr. Conger was accompanied to the
White House and State Department by
his brother, the Rev. Everett Cong-er. ,
•who resides In California and who is in
terested in mission work. Mr. Conger
•was subjected to some rather embarrass
ing- Questions as to his prospects for, ob
taining- the Republican nomination for
Governor of Iowa. He answered such in
quiries by explaining that he was not a
candidate. Mr. Conger declared there was
no ground for the "belief that he ¦was not
on the best terms with the administra
tion.
"I have been assured,** he continued,
•"that my course at Peking has met with
the full approval of the President and
the State Department. There is no foun
dation for reports o£ a disagreement. I
have not the slightest feeling about the
criticisms made of my conduct."
Mr. Conger said the indemnity question
•would probably be disposed of by the
time he returned to Peking. It will be
his duty to represent the United States
in the negotiations for a revision of the
American treaty with China. He believes
the changes he is instructed to demand
will be beneficial to American trade in
terests. The Minister believes China will
receive ultimate benefit from its recent
experience, and that when the indemnities
are paid and order restored China will
again be in a position to develop her won
derful resources. Mr. Conger believe* the
feeling in Chi*a Is distinctly friendly to
America. —
VOLUME XC-NO. 16.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 16/ 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES/X
GENERAL JAMES F. SMITH GETS
APPOINTMENT AS JUSTICE OF
PHILIPPINE SUPREME COURT
United States Commission Names L. F.
Wilfley of Missouri to Be Attorney Gen
eral and His Assistants Will Be Natives
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.KING'S FONDNESS FOR AN ACTRESS
GIVES A SHOCK TO LOYAL BRITONS
COUKT SAYS BE2TO
" MARRIAGE IS VOID
Superior Judge Davis in Tuba City
Decides in Favor of Califor
nia Law.
TUBA CITT. June 15.— Judge Davis of
the Superior Court here rendered a de
cision to-day, In which he holds that a
marriage contracted in Reno, Nev., by a
person who has been divorced within a
year by a California court, is void. The
decision was made In the case of C. A.
Rand versus Clara Rand for the purpose
of obtaining a decree annulling the mar
riage. ¦
'Assign for Their Creditors^
ST. LOUIS. June 15.— Tha Dwyers
Brothers Mercantile Company, wnolesala
dealers^ In department stores supplies,
made an assignment for the benefit of
creditors to-day. The assets, consisting
of merchandise and accounts, amount to
5375,000. . The liabilities amount to $225,000.
Victim of a Criminal Operation.
Miss '. Carrie Sandholdt, a resident I of
Centeryille, Alameda County, died yester
day morning In the Golden. West "Hotel of
eeptic peritonitis. ' She I had been attended'
since June 8 by Dr; Grlswold, who.report
ed to the Coroner that she had 'told him
that I>r. O'Donnell had previously attend
ed her. . :¦•¦: v • •, : >."¦-. ';':\. *•*•- ;.¦'.•- ¦
Dr. Griswold's explanation:. of his con
nection 'with' the affair was not satisfac
tory to Captain Seymour of the Police De
partment and he will be kept .under, sur
veillance. •"<•¦,¦.,;';¦ '- > ; « '
. Cf Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The following
new postofllces were established to-day:
California— Godfrey, Tuolumne .County,
Godfrey Wiler, .postmaster; Hite, Marl
posa County, James C. Jensen, postmaster.
Poetmaster commissioned— Robert Comp
ton. Alcatraz Landing. Appointed—Cali
fornia— Celia A. Neal, Little Rock. Los
Angeles County, vice L." Washcrof t, re
signed. Washington— Adelbert , von Pres
sratln, Sauk, Skaglt County, vice A.. M.
Thompson, resigned.
•The following pensions were Issued to
day: California— Original— David Worth
ington, Davis: Creek, $6 ; Thomas . E.
Hodges, Arroyo Grande, $6. Increase-
Thomas Martin, Dutch Flat, $12; Edmund
Hall, San Francisco, $8; Marks Mendelson,
Caplstrano, |8. War with Spain— Original
—David Holden, Berkeley, $12.,
Oregon— Increase— Amos B. Billings,
Mount Hood, $8; Benjamin M. Donaca,
Lebanon, $8. Original widows— Sarah E.-
Henderson, Houlton, $S.
Washington— Original— William B. Og
burn, Fellda, $6. Original widows— Lavina
J. Hardenbrook, Anacortes, $8.
Corliss .Works Surrenders.
. PROVIDENCE, R. I., June ' 15.— The
strike of the machinists at the Corliss
Works, which has been in force. for over
two weeks, was formally ' declared off , to
day, and an agreement was signed reccg
nizlng the union find giving an Increase
in wages after October. 1. The company
agreed some > time ago to ' the nine-hour
day, but refused to recognize the , union.
Settled Out of Court.
CHICAGO. June 15.— The suit of Attor
ney D. C. Handen against Mrs— Minnis
Ketcham for $20,000, attorney's fees, was
settled out of court this afternoon. The
Ftlpulatlon carries with It the settlement
of all Eastern litigation as well. It is un
derstood that the notoriety given the case
was in a large measure responsible for
the settlement.
Porto means' 1 Sail for Ha-waii.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, June 15.— The
American steamer Californian, which
sailed to-day for New Orleans, carried
708 Porto Rican emigrants on their way
to Hawaii.
HOW KING EDWARD'S 'NEW
HAND-KISSING RULE IS RE
CEIVED.
Union Protestant Infirmary from blood
poisoning to-day, *in. his fifty-fifth year.
He was taken with ah abscess on the arm
some time ago and was brought to 1 Balti
more about .ten days ago and placed.un
der the care of a physician, who ordered
his removal to the infirmary. .It was at
first thought that an operation would save
his life, but he grew rapidly worse, and
In his weakened condition it could not be
attempted. .
E. C Osborn.
PRINCETON, N. J.. June 15.-E. C. Os
born, treasurer of Princeton University
since 1S85, died here to-day of apoplexy.
He was 51 years of age.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
thoroughly angry could readily' be seen,
ana there were some present who did not
hesitate to express concern" lest there
shculd be then and there a scene similar
to that memorable one which brought to
so sudden a- close the, yachting party of
the Castellanes a few years ago. '
However, a denouement of this kind was
averted and since then an endeavor has
been made to propitiate young Madame de
Castellane by causing her to be • invited
to an afternoon reception given by Queen
Isabella, who showed herself very gra
clcus. , '
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Commander Charles Belkna
Commander cnaries jueucnap.
" BALTIMORE, June 15.— Commander
Charles Belknap. U. S. N., died at the
Vjk . ttBW- YORK, June 15.— The World
I^L I. has this from London: In view
I X^ ot the King's. fast growing unpop- ,
A N ularity with the upper set much"
comment' Is made on his extraor
dinary Indulgence of Ldane de Pougy, the
famous Parisian beauty, with no reputa
tion to spare.. The favorite at different
times of the King of the Belgians, Prince .
Napoleon Bonaparte, General Boulanger,
the Duke of Cambridge, Prince Henry of
Orleans, Lord Onslow, Jean Lorraine, the
poet, and many other men of eminence
has been here two months from Paris,
preparing for an appearance at the Pal
ace Theater. • • •
The King of England likes her. He has
lunched and supped with her several
times and has otherwise paid her the
most fiatterine attention.
The gossips are talking it over with
much avidity and are laughing at the so
called pretense of the monarch when he
first ascended the throne that he would
insist on the proprieties and would give
the cold shoulder at court to those. with"
shady records or those who did not walk
the narrow way. ' , ,,.
Liane de Pougy is a slender, splendid fig
ure of the Greek type— a perfect brunette
with a languorous expression and the
finest hands in the world. She was the
¦wife of a French naval' officer, from •whom
she had a stormy separation when he dis
covered her in the apartment of one of
his friends. Then she launched upon the
gay world of Paris.
' King Edward's ukase establishing a new
method of kissing the royal hand has
¦ thus far failed to Impress the" British
public as being humorous. The King has
given notice that gentlemen admitted to
do homage to their sovereign hereafter
must hold their hands in such a position
as to kiss their own thumbs while pretend
ing to kiss his Majesty's hand. The order
had Its origin in the extreme annoyance
the King felt the day he last bestowed
orders on a group of British gentlemen,
when there was such a succession of
hand-kissing as to offend him.
Any number of dances and dinners oc
curred in London this week. At nearly
all of them Americans were prominent,
notably at Carl Myer's party Thursday,
at which Sarah Bernhardt and M. Coque
lin acted | a short comedy. Ahiong the
Americans present were Mrs. George
Cornwallis-West. Lady Cunard. Lady
Clandeby, the Hon. Mrs. Eaton, Miss
Ward, Reginald Ward, Mesdames Leggatt,
Adalr, Ronalds, "Jack" Leslie, Newhouse
and J.-Rldgeley, J. R. Carter, second sec
retary of the United States embassy, and
¦Mrs. Carter, .• Countess Zllern and Lady
Gray Egerton, while among the other
• guests were Alfred < de Rothschild, :the
Austrian Embassador, Count Dey, Lady
de Gray and the Countess of Shrewsbury
and Annesley. ¦ . .; ¦ ¦ "-.?'•.-
Clyde Fitch, who is at Carlsbad, has
agreed to- write for Charles Frohman a
new play on American society, which will
be produced by Annie Russell at the Ly
ceum Theater, . New York. During the
coming season Mr. Fitch's "Captain Jinks
of the Horse Marines" will be produced In
London.
COUNTESS DE CASTELLANE JEALOUS
OF THE SPANISH INFANTA EULALIE
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Journal has
this from Paris: The reception given here
by the Count and Countess de Castellane
at their new house continues to form a
favorite topi* of conversation, not only
because of the number of guests, which
exceeded 2000, but likewise because of the
irritation which the Countess manifested
at the attention with which her husband
overwhelmed the Infanta Eulalle. It is
perfectly true that the latter was the star
guest, having been, so far the only royal
personage to cross the threshold of the
Castellane mansion... but Boni's devotion
to the Princess was so exaggerated and
extravagant as to excite amusement and
ridicule on the part of his less exalted
guests, whom he so completely neglected
for her sake.
That the young American Countess was
. MANY PEOPLE INJURED
BY FALL OF • A GBANDSTAND
Several Hundred Men, Women and
Children Are, Buried Under
the Broken Timbers.
CHICAGO, June 15.— A temporary grand
stand at Sixty-eighth street and Stewart
avenue, built for the purpose of witness
ing the annual field day sports of the Chi
cago Normal schools, collapsed to-day and
injured twenty-five persons, mostly wo
men and children. Several were hurt seri-
ously, but it is thought none will die.
The more seriously injured are: -Mrs. B.
Zeigler, spine injured, may prove fatal;
Mrs. J. O. Wallace, cut; Mrs. R. Coleman,
internal Injuries; Mrs. T. Fisher, spine in
jured; Annie Crlercy, aged ten years, leg
broken. « ¦ -
'The stand, which was 100 feet long and
seven tiers high, was crowded. The pro
gramme of the'dav was fairly under way
when, on account of, the general stamping
of feet in recognition of some meritorious
athletic feature, the supports gave way,
precipitating the spectators to the ground.
Several hundred persons were buried un
der the timbers.' The field day exercises
came to an abrupt stop and the- partici
pants Joined in the work of rescue. The
sufferers ..were removed to the Normal
School' near by,"' which was converted into
a temporary hospital, with more than- a
score of physicians and surgeons in at
tendance. ; .- ; .
' i ' • . ¦ •'¦
Sues Photographer tpr Divorce.
TjOS ANGELES,. June 15.— George Steck
el, a photographer, has been sued for di
vorce, his wife alleging cruelty, drunken
ness and neglect: The Steckels have been
married ten years. Mrs. Steckel was for
merly Nellie Henderson and is a daughter
of the -president, of the California Hard
ware-Company. She asks, for a division
of the community property, but wants no
alimony. i .
Kills a' Los" Angeles Woman.
NEW YORK, June 15.— A man; named
Meinhope, said to be a butcher, shot at a
young woman known as Miss Mary Bolte
In the Bronx to-night and then 1 sent two
bullets into his own head. The woman
died several hours later and Meinhope is
In a hospital' dying. Miss Bolte is said to
have come here from Los Angeles. • Mein
hope, before being taken to "the hospital,
said she was his wife.'- ; •
BERUX, June 15.— F. "W. Holls, TJnlted
6tates member of The Hague arbitration
court, during an Interview to-day 6aid
that The Hague arbitration, court had
only Just been organized by the appoint
ment of th* laet of the flfty-fiVA Judges,
but peveral International questions were
already before the court. The Transvaal
enaction was certainly not one -of those,
because The Hague peace conference had
decided that the Boer states were not
eoverelrn states. The court will not be
In permanent tesalon, but will act only
¦Ween suitable questions are presented to
It, when the whole court will select a
bench to adjudicate each question.
Mr. Holls eaid both Count von Bulow
And Baron von Richthofen, the Foreign
Minister, had received him in the most
kladly manner, sharing his belief that
The Hague court was, like the Magna
Charta, an agreement around which fu
ture international law will crystallize.
Mr. Holle believes the Emperor, the Ger
man Government end the German people
are now sincerely in favor of The Hague
arbitration ' court on all -questions which
eeem to properly belong there. Mr. Holla
thinks this Is .all the more remarkable
Germany during the conference,
in JS99, had- at first a number of serious,
•weighty objections to urge against arbi
ttration. But ehe has now honestly altered
fiber opinion. 1 —
Dreibund Mot in. Danger.
During: the week the two questions
•which mainly oocupied public attention
"were the discussions In the Italian
Chamber of Deputies . relative to the Drei
l>und and Great Britain's attitude toward
[the Question of German} 1 maintaining a
• garrison at Shanghai. -The press . ex-
Tjreesed the opinion that Signer Prinetti;
Ithe Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
cannot be relied upon by the other powers
forming the Dreibund, although -the news
papers incline to the belief tfaaf after
Friday** proceedings the continuation of
the Dreibund is assured. Government cir
cles never held a different opinion after
Premier Zardenelli's declarations to
Count von Bulow. K j
Regarding the attitude of tbe British
press toward the policy of Germany at
Shanghai and Lord Cranborne"s state
ments in Parliament, the Gerarian press
and Government continue to i" hold the
opinion that Germany, by the very terms
of the Yangtse agreement, is bound to
protect the • Yangtse Valley. Besides,
Germany has the same right to keep
troops there as have Great Britain,
France, Japan and Russia.
Referring to the Washington cable dis
patches saying the United States does not
mean to protest against the maintaining
of a German garrison at Shanghai, the
Frankfurter Zeitung eays:
"This is a .very sensible conception of
the situation, since Shanghai is Chinese
end not English and the only country
having the right to protest Is Chinn. Ger
many has precisely the same right to
take care of her Yangtse interests and
commerce that any other country has."
Great Britain's Retreat-
A number of German papers duKInsr the
Treek Intimated that Germany. Great
Britain being practically powerljea6 for
the time, used strong pressure to bring
ebout th« Anglo-German Yangtse agree
ment. The Tageblatt says:
"Th© abandonment by Great Britain of
her Yangtse sphere of interest idea is
perhaps the most Bevere blow Gre?.t Brit
ain has sustained, since the South African
•wat began."
The Lokal Anzeiger prints a special dis
patch from Japan which says Cooint von
vValdersee had a farewell audience with
the Japanese Emperor yesterday and re
ceived a number of valuable presents. The
Vossische Zeitung says Count von Wal
derree will be created a Prince by Em
peror William after his return from the
far East.
The Agrarians are greatly disa^rpolnted
¦with General von Podbielski, ttie new
Minister of Agriculture, owing to his
epeech at the fialle Agricultural Exposi
tion, in which he expressed the convic
tion that the Agrarians should be able
to help themselves in most cases unless
in the case of crop failures, etc This
opinion clashes greatly with his former
utterances on the same subject.
Emperor "William will start his yacht
Iduna In the Elbe regatta on June IS.
No Recognition for Boers and
Transvaal "War Will Not
Be Considered. ..
PROBLEMS BEFORE
PEACE TRIBUNAL
• ..,¦'¦ , *
Differences Between the
Nations Come Up for
Arbitration.
Rev. Robert Mackenzie
to. Breach ; to His _
Although Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.C,
has at his own request been relieved of
the care and responsibility of the First
Presbyterian Church, he will continue to
preach in that pulpit. C His associate, the
Rev. William K. Guthrie, who has proved
himself an efficient pastor and shown rare
power aa a preacher, has - assumed . the
parochial work of the church. Both min
isters, it Is understood, will serve their
people .permanently. '
The Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational j Church will . preach this
morning, on "Without God in Their
World" and In the evening on "Perfect
Peace." ' " - .
"God the Preserver of Man" will be the
subject of discussion at * the Bervices of
the First Church of Christ, Scientist.
The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Bap
tist Church will preach this morning on
"Life's Departures" and in' the evening on
"The Marriage Ring." .-. • , \'-
The Rev. Frank S. Ford of the First
Christian Church will preach this morn
ing on "Heavenly Wisdom" and In the
evening on, "The Key Word of Human
¦Evolution." ; ¦•¦}'¦ -. ¦•
The pulpit of the Third Congregational
Church will ; be occupied morning and
evening by the Rev. Frank S. ' Forbes of
Santa Barbara, who will preach on f'Sons
of God" and "The Coming Aristocracy."
The Rev. H. H. Bell of the United Pres
byterian Church will preach this morning
orf "Christ Self-Described", and in the
evening on . "Daniel." • :
Burt Estes Howard of Stanford Univer
sity will occupy the pulpit of the First
Unitarian : Church this morning. He will
speak on "Salvation."
. The Rev. A. K. Ulrich of the Richmond
M. E. Church will preach this morning
on "How a Christian Should Spend Vaca
tion" and in the evening on "Some Duties
We Owe to Others.", : »
"The Rev. S..D. Hutsinpiller of the Cen
tral M.K. Church will preach this morn
ing on "What He Hath Done- for My
Soul" and in the evening on "The Chief
Aim of . Americans and Its Only, Reme
dies."- ¦ ..".¦¦-:¦--¦ ¦¦-¦; -5 ¦.-•-.-¦¦
The Rev. Milton D. . ; Buck, pastor of
Trinity M. E. Church, will preach this
morning on "How /to Pray "and in the
evening on "Redeeming the Time." '•-•¦•>
The Rev. Frank Baker of the First M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Twofold Nature of" the Christian
Life" and in the. evening on "The Secret
of Excelling."
;,< The ; Rev. A.' C. Bane ' of the California
M. r E.*« Church will preach this morning
on "The Curse of Meroz" and in the even
ing on "The Fate of Disobedience," . ,
The Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Church' will : preach . this morn-
Ing on the "Friends of Jesus" and In the
evening on "More Precious Than Gold.'!
- The usual monthly musical • service will
be given. this evening by the vested choir
of St. 'Paul's Episcopal Church, California
street, near ; Flllmore, the Rev. • W. M.
Rellly, rector. At 7:45 p. m. the following
programme will.be rendered: . .
"Magnificat" (King Hall), in B flat;;"Nuno
Dlmittus" (Tours). . in : F; anthem, "Arise
Shine" - (Elvey) ; soprano eolo,. Miss -¦¦ B. M.
Marks ; bass solo, ¦ Hugh ¦ Williamson; , anthem,
"The Radiant Morn" •< (Woodward) ; quartet,
"God Is a Spirit" (Sterndale Bennett); tenor
eolo, "Fear Not, Ye : O Israel," Walter • An
thony; anthem; "Lift Up Your Heads" (Hop
kins),- Organist and .Musical Director J. H.
Hallowoll. ' , ;
* "A , Solrltual Tonic for Young 1 Men" is
the subject of the address by toe Rev. F.
K. . Baker, pastor of ¦ the First M. E.
Church, at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets, this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
A grand musical service will be sung
at St. Dominic's Church, corner of Bush
and ! Steiner streets; ¦ at 7:30 - this ¦ evening.
Besides VLauda Slon.*' which will be given
for the ' first time ¦ in ¦ San 1 Francisco, . the
programme will be as follows:. , .,. ; .
' Soprano solo and chorus, "O'Salut&ris," Dr.
Franklin .. Palmer; contralto * solo and 'i chorus,
"Tantum Ergo," •• O. Dethier; orxan po»tlud«,
"Fugu8;ln D Major," /XS.; Bach. ¦• '
The solo quartet consists of Miss Lilly
L. Rbeder, ¦ Miss • Ella'V. McCloskey, D.
M. ' Lawrence 'and • Walton" Webb. • They
are assisted by a chorus of twenty voices.
James H.; Howe will; play the organ dur
ing the performance, of VLauda Sion." A
string orchestra' will -assist. , Dr.i Frank
lin Palmer will be the organist and direc
tor. ¦-,,-¦ *;,••¦¦;,. ¦•-¦vy-r^r^.v:/- • -:,- --. .-,-: ;
YOKOHAMA. May 30, via Victoria, B.
C, [June 15.— The Cabinet muddle is not
only still unsettled, but it becomes every
day more complicated and hopeless of so
lution. The source of trouble, while dig
nified as a strife between the principle of
a party ministry, and that of an Inde
pendent .Cabinet, responsible only to the
sovereign, is almost 'lost sight of in the
pettiness cf the political squabbles which
Lave 'come .to', the surface, making It lm-'
possible for any statesman, without com
pleta loss of n self-respect, to undertake
the tiifk of> forming a ministry. '. ; :-
In the meanwhile ¦ the impression has
gone sibroad that the difficulty has arisen
from the desperate state of the finances.
Nothing could t»e further from the truth,
the financial status of the Government
being - sound and flourishing.
In other words," the trouble, should, be at
tributed j solely to | the, country's' inexpe
rience in the -workings of parliamentary
Institutions.' It is the natural outcome of
the f t>eriod of transition through which
the politics of the empire are passing.
Meanwhile much sympathy Is felt and ex
pressed for the Emperor, who in his ab
eorblng- interest for the success of the
experiment in constitutional government,
which he has freely granted to his. people,
row finds himself deprived of means to
keep It in practical operation, no help
coming. from any statesman in whom he
places confidence. ' .
Much consternation has been awakened
by the escape • of a rat. The medical
authorities of the Imperial University en
gaged in experimenting on. some rodents
by the introduction of plague bacilli into
their veins, and one of the animals elud
ed their vigilance. As a consequence sev
eral rats have recently been discovered
in the hospital and were infected with the
disease. As a result the war .' against
them has assumed huge proportions. The
Toklo municipality has voted 30,000 yen.
rat traps by the thousands are distributed
among the people and a bounty of 5 sen
each Is offered for their capture. With all
this evidence of consternation there is no
need of fear that the disease can gain a
foothold In the country,' in which i meas
ures for prevention have become very ef
fective. While sporadic cases appear here
and there, they are instantly isolated and
the spread of the contagion is rendered
practically impossible. The authorities
do not hesitate to adopt the most drastic
measures In each instance, and as a re
sult the empire is to-day in an excellent
sanitary condition.
WILL CONTINUE
IN THE PULPIT
Escape of a Plague-Infected
Bat Now Causes Great
Trouble Over Cabinet
• ¦¦•.¦. . ¦ <. •'. .¦¦¦¦"'
Still
V; Continues.
PETTY FIGHTS
DISTURB JAPAN
THE ' SAN •', ¦ FR ANCISCO' ; ft £ljL;; -; %U ff. P A Y^' i Wff K ',, ¦ j 6; *£j 90 1 . ' , /
Edward Pays ; Most
Flattering Attention
.to Liane de Pougy
Is Frequently. Seen
in Public With the
; '.Notorious'- Beauty
Gossips Smile. Over
//His. "•'Neglect of 'the
J Ordinary Proprieties
14
SOCIETY lADIES_5p- PE-RO-NA.
Prominent Ladies All Over' United States Are
Usirfg Pe-ru-na.
Miss Janet Wilson Galre. President th«
Ohio Musical Club, Kansas City. Mo..
writes: ¦ '
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O. :
• Gentlemen— "For the past few years I
have tried several kinds of medicines
when I wns recline badly, but I am free
to admit that I never found anything to
equal Peruna.
"Last ¦ fall I contracted a severe cold,
which seemed to settle In my Joints and
made me very uncomfortable for a couple
of weeks, until I tried Peruna. Before a
week was passed the soreness was gone
and before I' had used two bottles I was
completely restored." Yours very truly,
J. Wilson Galre.
There Is no other remedy that medical
science can furnish so reliable and
Quick In Its action as Peruna.
Misa Mattie L. Guild, President Illinois
Young People's Christian Temperance
Union, In a recent letter from Chicago,
tUL", says:
"I doubt If Peruna has a rival In all the
remedies recommended to-day for catarrh
of the system. I have found it the best
remedy I have ever tried for catarrh, and
believing It worthy my endorsement, I
gladly accord It" Youra truly,
Mattie L. Guild.
For diseases peculiar to women. Peruna
is a specific. Peruna never falls. It has
cured many thousands of cases of female
weakness. Dr. Hartman advises all wo-
men free.
Miss Bertha Fischer, a popular young
woman -of Appleton, Wls., writes of Pe-
runa as follows:
"I have found Peruna a wonderful rem-
edy for catarrh of -the respiratory organs,
which I had for several months, and
which nothing else I tried seemed to cure,
"My general health has been unusually
good this entire winter, due, I flnnly be-
lieve, to th© health-giving Qualities of
rour wonderful remedy." Yours sincerely.
Miss Bertha Fischer.
i Mrs/ Col. E. Ju. Gresham, Hernden. Va_,
Treasurer Daughters of the Confederacy,
also President Hernden Village Improve-
ment Society, writes:
"I cannot speak too highly of the valuo
of Peruna. I believe that I owe my Ufa
to its wonderful merits. I suffered with
catarrh of the head and lungs In Its 'worst
form until the doctors fairly gave me up.
and I despaired of ever getting well again.
"It took six bottles of Peruna to cure
me, but they were worth a king's ransom
to me. I talk Peruna to all my friends
ind am a true believer In its worth. ** • #
Mrs. Col. E. L. Gresham.
People who have suffered from catarrh
Jurlng the winter generally suffer from
nervous depression In summer.
Mrs. A. C. Jackson. Democratic Member
Board of Lady Managers, World's Colum-
bian Exposition. In a letter from the Sher-
man House. Chicago, 111., says:
' "Peruna seems to be especially of value
where nerve filaments are In disorder,
digestion deranged or disturbances cre-
ated either in .the pelvic or respiratory"
organs. ¦ r . • .
"Several cases have come under my
personal observation and I have been
highly gratified to see the patient cured
In every Instance/ I have tried It my-
self and find It a very valuable tonic"
"Cordially yours.
"Mrs. A. C Jackson."
Men and women are subject to catarrh.
tVomen are eve* more subject to catarrh
:han men. This is due to many causes,
rhe chief causa Is tha delicacy of her or-
ranism. as compared to man. The ex-
remo sensitiveness of th» nracous lin-
nx of every organ of a woman's body la
veil known to physicians. This ex-
plains why. In part at least, so few
women are entirely fre© from, catarrh.
A vast multitude of women have found
Peruna an indispensable remedy.
Everywhere the people, especially the
Tvomen, are praising Feruna as a remedy
for all forms of catarrhal difficulties.
Sena for free catarrh book written
'specially for women by a renowned
specialist on the pelvic catarrhal diseases
)f . women. Address I>r. Hartman, Presi-
lent of The Hartman Sanitarium, Colum-
>U9, Ohio.
At '"~~
Sloane's
Highest urade 1 f Reduced to
Axminsters , ¦. the uniform
Wilton Velvets price of
Body Brussels '~~~- 4j^j
Oar regular prices /.
* f*A*%A xim#I ta*A *
I The above specials in hieh-grade carpetings. (in . a larj?© :
variety of desirable patterns) are offered in 'connection with our.
special sale of^fine Curtains, draperies and Upholstery. Goods —
announced dnrinjr the past week. .
?/ "• : - ¦ - ¦ ;.- ".. K% ¦¦.- :¦-¦
We respectfully invite our patrons to call as early, in the .,
week (and as early in the day) as convenient.
W. & J. SLQANE & CO., 114-122 Post St.'
Sick Ifeddache
Results from a bilious habit of the
system which • upsets the stomach
at intervals— sometimes of weeks,
days, or even hours.
j .Its sufferers know- pretty well
when to expect the next "attack.
Its permanent cure depends
upon the correction of that habit,
and is effected by giving, perma-,
neht vigor and tone to the whole
digestive system.
The medicine, to -take is Hood's Sarsaparllla.
Ellen Magulre. 2C0 Angel St , Providence// R.
I., writes: "I hid been troubled with ; tick
headaches all my life and nothing did me any
good until ' I began taking. Hood's Sarsaparllla,
which ' soon relieved' me.'Vv Equally strong: tes-
timony ln rf favor of this grri»at medicine ' Is given
by : George , McCluskey, 1342 Clayton 'Avenue,
Denver,' Colo./, whom it cured of a dally ; head-
ache. ¦."; '-' /, ';.'.*; . '.'':':•¦". ..'.•_¦ • '
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Promises - to cure . and 'keeps; the
promise. Begin to use itatbnee;
• Jr— S a v i n{£ Prices \-.'- v
S f - Every week we have a special sale — a few useful, desirable^j\'
m article* .that we sell for less than other stores pay for .. them, m*
•W Prices good for one week only — until Saturday night, June 2 id. \\
/! Churchill's Skin Soap 10c A\yrrh Tooth Soap \u
1' A eoap for the ikin— «ntliepdc. •' RejuUr price 15c *> for 25c ' VU ¦
I ¦>. ¦ Regular price »S cent»— our uiu»l *• IV * . *•*'*' j I
m price 15 centi. Flnriria Wflfpr ~ * 111
I; - KirK S JUVenilC OOap lUC Raymond** fifty eeflt riH, 'Jj !
Illv. J Regular price 25 cents per cake. , _ . — , , j »i»m. * . Fi ¦
xt\ t% 1 • i« ' t il o ' u Eagle Condensed MiIR 1 1
\|v Prophylactic lootn brusn \Refuur price, « of nr oc f , m
' \BHv ' Tne best tooth bruih • made. OC« jroeeri loe each. ' ** *^" miJ\* • H.
Tlfu'" "Regular price 5^ ccnti— our _^ *- , • »• ¦,¦ «itt • il ' "7C ' hlJ/it
f|.\< usual price 35 cents. UUliV S AlSlt WulSKeY i 3& flflj
\\u \ *¦ -«»*A wa Vi/l^t elf At r ' Regular price 90 cents. imil
\V\s lU/.nn/%n'tTi!ciimDnwfl»r Powdered Sulphur, I Ib 5c ¦uL/r
\\v> MCnnen S I alCUm rOWQcr Eosom Salts lib 5c fff I
V\V\» Rerular price is'cts. ** IOimwC Others CnarJC 25c • 10. ff/i'/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JANETW1L50H-6A1RE- ?&}?)
jzfiiJiQy^' ~ v ¦ '¦ lATTIc*
Miss
(!• W fiii 1 I
•JACKSON' ft* 'Commissary General Coming West.
WASHINGTON; June 15.— General J. F.
Webton, commissary -general, left to-day
for the West. He is going to Seattle and
Vancouver to investigate the arrange
ments, for sending "commissary supplies to
Alaska. Thence, he will go to San Fran
cisco, where he will be joined by Adju
tant General Corbin, Surgeon General
Sternberg, Colonel Hall of the adjutant
general's department and other officers,
who will sail on, the Hancock for Manila
June 25.
Pardoned by the President.
WASHINGTON, June' 15.— The President
to-day pardoned J. P. Greenwood, who
pleaded guilty to a charge of embezzling
postofflce funds while Postmaster at Gold
fleld, Colo. He was sentenced April 13,
1901, to pay a fine of $643 and to imprison
ment for six months In the jail at Denver.
The Attorney General | recommended a
pardon because "it was clearly shown
that there was no Intention on the part of
the prisoner to defraud the Government."
Jose boys— Charles Fisher, Ed and "Willie
Gruell— aged from 13 to 15 years, : started
out this morning for the purpose of cap
turing James C. Dunham, the" Campbell
murderer, but before they had got more
than 'a dozen miles from the paternal roof
Deputy Sheriff Rives overtook them and
returned them to their parents. The Fish
er boy took his father's watch and bicycle
and these weYe traded : for a donkey. A
cart' was borrowed from a neighbor and
this they loaded with two guns, three axes
and thre.e hammers and a couple of dozen
jars of Jam and preserves. . When caught
the lads declared they were tired of the
dull routine of school, life and wanted
some excitement. . .- ~ ..¦":. . ' :
SAN JOSE. June 15.— Three East San
Three Youngsters Start Out to Find
the Murderer, but Are Quickly
:\ ¦'¦;• '" Captured. v
53IEB,rFF CAULS HALT \
0N"A PTTNrTATVr CHASE
LOS ANGELES, June 15.— Judge York
to-day handed ' down hls^decislon In the
case''' of . the Southern \ Pacific - Railroad
Company .- against the city of Pomona "in
favor of the city. . The action grew out
of the riot that occurred In that city on
April 13 last as the result of the railroad's
attempt to lay a track over land that the
city did not consider belonged to the com
pany. An injunction was issued-prevent
ing the company, from going any further
with the work until the suit should have
been settled. Judge- York's ; decision j vir
tually upholds the Salt Lake road in its
contention that it has the : right of way
over the contested ground. '-
¦ Judge York's decision takes ¦ up : many
interesting and intricate ¦ questions in
volved in the controversy.- The court dis
! cusses at- considerable, length the, law of
dedication- in its various phases pertain
ing to the "facts in question,- and holds
that all of the property, claimed by " the
city of Pomona. as public streets was ded
icated by the company for such "streets,
and that, the dedication has been accept
ed by the people, with the exception of a
strip i of land on the north side of - First
street about i ten feet wide and a - piece
known as "the section-house lot." Ac
cordingly, the judgment and findings are
as follows: • >
"It Is ordered that the plaintiff, - the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, shall
have judgment quieting, their title to that
portion of the >?trip of land in controversy,
known as 'First street, between . Henry
and Elizabeth streets, north, of the width
of sixty feet, and to that portion^ fenced
in and known as the 'section-house lot';
that as to the remainder of said strips,
the land known and found to be public
streets the plaintiff shall take nothing-;
that the plaintiff shall take nothing - as
damages • against ' the defendant,' and that
neither party -shall recover their costs."
; This decision ; sustains the streets lo
cated on the map of the property in ques
tion- as made out by the city- civil en
gineer on the theory of -dedication. The
railroad asked for $1000 damages.
Effort Will Be Made .to Make Direct
Sale to Authorities -
Here. ,
HA7-6BOWEBS TO IIAKB
A POOL IN SANTA CXABA
SAN JOSE, June 15.— The hay-grower»
of this county met this morning and de
cided to pool their interests. An attempt
will be made to sell direct to the v Super
visors and Fire Commissioners of San
Francisco. E. M. Piercy, the leader in the
movement. ; declares that they can con
trol over fifty. thousand tons. ¦ _'
The profits of the middlemen lame in
for considerable discussion. A few days
ago. Piercy wrote to the Supervisors of
San Francisco, suggesting that In -buying
direct from the farmers the city could
save from $3 to $5 per ton. An answer is
being, awaited, when a price will be set.
It is said No,, 1 wheat hay can be fur
nished for $11 and oat hay for a dollar or
two less..
Business Men and Mechanics of Navy- Yard Town Adopt
Resolutions Thanking This Paper for Its Endeavors to
Secure Recognition of the Merits of Mare Island
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF VALLEJO
APPRECIATES EFFORTS OF THE CALL
The case disposed of. Judge "Wofford
asked if both sides were ready for the
trial of C. W. Prince, Bert- and Will
Prince, father and brothers, respectively,
of Mrs. Kennedy, on the charge; of con
spiring to kill Kennedy. The State was
ready, but the defense - asked for a post
ponement until Monday." Judge Wofford
aaid he wished to call in another Judge to
sit in the case.
"I am not satisfied," said he, "that Bert
Prince and the old man were at the Ridge
building at the time of the.killing."
This seemed to Interest the father more
than the verdict just rendered arid the
prisoner raised her head and listened in
tentlv to the talk about her relatives.
When Mrs. Kennedy was led back to her
cell she had entirely recovered her com
posure and resumed her cool, indifferent
manner.
The murder of Kennedy occurred at 5:40
on the evening of January 10 last in the
new Ridge building," In the center of the
business district. Kennedy, who was con
tracting agent of the Merchants' Dispatch
Transportation "Company, was sitting at
his desk in his office when called to the
door by Dr. Cross, the woman's physi
cian. Mrs. Kennedy followed the-physi
cian closely, asked her husband if he In
tended to live with her, and receiving a
negative answer, began shooting. She
fired five shots, all of which took effect
and any one of which would have proved
fatal. Kennedy died almost instantly, the
only • words escaping his lips being, "It
wasn't her gun." Before taken away by
the police the woman kicked the prostrate
man in. the face. Thomas Kennedy, a
brother 'of the dead man, tried- to wrest
the revolver from Mrs. Kennedy's hand,
and was struck- down by her brother. Win
Prince.
The couple were married in the Circuit
Court and two days before he y was killed
Kennedy . brought suit to have the mar
riage set 'aside,' alleging duress. He
charged C. W. Prince, the girl's father,
and Will Prince with forcing him to mar
ry her at the point of a revolver.
Mrs. Kennedy is 20 years of age and
Kennedy was 28. \ . ¦' - '-¦
The jury took six ballots. The first stood
10 to 2 for conviction. They remained that
way until the last ballot. - The defense
gave notice of appeal.
Mrs. Kennedy calmly heard the verdict
read. A moment later she sank Into ; a
chair a.nd 'covered her . face with her
hands. ¦ . ¦¦; • :,
While Judge Wofford was dismissing the
Jurors the prisoner sat with her chin rest
ing on her hand.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. June 15.— A jun^
in the Criminal Court to-day decided that"
Lulu Prince-Kennedy was guilt y of mur
der in" the" second degree for having killed
her husband, P. H. Kennedy, January 10
last, and* fixed her ' punishment at ten
years' imprisonment in the penitentiary.
When the verdict was read this remarka
ble 20-year-old prisoner, whose cool, in
different manner has for five months baf
fled the jail officers who have had her: in
charge, looked straight ahead of her. She
neither burst out crying nor moved a
muscle. . Later she expressed a slight In
terest, but nothing more, in the formal
calling by thp court clerk of the cases
pending against her father, C W. Prince;'
and her. brothers, Bert and "Will Prince,
who are charged with conspiring to kill
Kennedy. •
Will Go to the Penitentiary
;,- for Killing Her Hus- , ;
band. '.
Jurors Deal Leniently
"With Lulu Prince
Kennedy. \
TERM IN PRISON
FOR MURDERESS
POMONA A WINNER IN COURT
AGAINST THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Decision ; Is Rendered in the Case Involving
Title . to Property Used as a Public
Thoroughfare in the Southern City
' — ~ — *r* — r — : -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
£****& HE Vallejo Chamber of Commerce
j J has adopted a resolution tendering
I the thanks of that body and ot the
¦^ citizens of the navy-yard town for
the efforts made by The Call to
further the Interests of their city. The
Call has repeatedly brought to the atten
tion of the Government ofQdals the great
Importance of the Mare Island navy-yard.
This paper has advocated the repairing
of transports at the yard, which Is equip
ped with modern machinery and has at
all times a force of skilled mechanics In
the shops.
Twenty-five hundred Mausers, intended
for Venezuela, were found In the Trinidad
Cujtom-houa*. _**».»••. '-~.—
•DENVER. June 15.— Dispatches from
Leadvilla. Cripple Creek and other places
in the mountains say' that fully a foot
of snow fell last night At many points
It was the heaviest snowfall ever known
in June since a record has been kept. The
weather is mild to-day and dangerous
floods may result >¦
In this city and throughout the eastern
part of the State there was an unusually
heavy rainfall, which - will be of great
benefit to the range. '
| Pueblo was the center of a severe hell
dorm. In places the hall drifted to a
depth of eight inches and snow 'shovels
were brought out to clean the sidewalks.
Much damage was done by hall to crops
in the vicinity of Boulder and^Longmont.
It Is Feared That the Crops Will Be
Damaged by Hail and
Snow. ' '
HEAVY . STORMS PREVAIL
THROUGHOUT COLORADO
NAP A, June 15.— Manuel Lewis, aged. 65
years, a resident ; of Wlldhorst ' Valloy,
seven miles cast of hero, was found dead
this morning, and it is • believed h» com
mitted suicide, A vial of strychnine par
tially emptied was besld* hl» bed. ., r ,. ¦ >
Poison Found Near the Corpse.
SAN JOSE, June 15.— There will be a
big shortage In the Santa Clara County
fruit crop this year. This is especially no
ticeable in the shipments of green fruit.
So , far this year but thirty-four, cars of
cherries have been shipped East and there
axe not . over- eight cars more , in > sight.
This is about one-quarter of what the
shipments were last year.
Early peaches and plums are beginning
to ripen and these will begin to go for
ward soon if the condition of the Eastern
markets warrants shipment. Both crops
are below. last year.. The apricot yield la
very light and it is believed - no Eastern
shipments will be made,' as the canners
will take .the whole crop at good prices. |
•The Packers' Company reports that
prunes are beginning to drop In the va
rious sections of the State. It. Is quite
heavy, ' but • lt~ Is > yet too early, to , predict
the amount of tho drop, v
Shipments of Green Trait Not Nearly
.Up to Standard of Last
-,' . Year. ¦/T-. •
SHORTAGE IS \ EXPECTED v
HT SANTA CLARA FRUIT
This afternoon the convention attempted
a slap at the newly elected president of
Aug-ustana College, Dr. Gus Andreen of
Yale University. Dr. Andreen is not a
clergyman and therefore some of the
preachers of the synod • thought that he
was not entitled to be at the head of the
theological department.
A resolution providing a change In the
constitution to the effect that when Au
gvetana College had a president who was
not a minister of the gospel the synod
should elect a dean who should be. the
head of the theological department was
tabled promptly.
The synod s book ' publishing concern
made its report, showing that over $40,000
was due from clergymen- of the "synod.
The manager of the concern was directed
to present to the synod the names of all
the members having unpaid accounts with
the publishing house.
The salary of the collector for the com
ing year was fixed at $1200 and 10 per cent
of all collections made from persons not
members of the synod's congregations.
It appears that in the . past the Rev.
Mr. Pearson,-, solicitor for the Swedish
Immigrants' Home, has received the au
thority of the board of management to
collect money for the home, he to receive
40 per cent of all moneys collected. It
was shown in the discussions that Rev.
Mr. Pearson often received as- high as
$200 or more in a single day for the home.
The action of the board of management
was severely criticized, and it was stoutly
affirmed that others were receiving en
tirely too much money for their labors in
a charitable cause. A resolution was
finally adopted, providing, for the election
by the synod of a committee which should
make a thorough investigation, of the
financial affairs of this institution.
JAMESTOWN, N. Y., June 14.— This
morning's session of the conference of
the Augustana Synod of the Swedish
Lutheran Church of America was devoted
to the presentation of the president's an
nual address and the beginning of the
annual election of the synod officers.
Finds Too Much Is Being
Paid Out of Char
itable Funds.
The thanks of the Chamber of Com
merce of Vallejo are given in the above
SWEDISH SYNOD
CUTS SALARIES
CHICAGO. June 15.— John D. Rocke
feller Is In Chicago to join with President
Harper and the faculty and students in
the celebration of Chicago University's
tenth birthday. Mr. Rockefeller intends
to take, a somewhat, silent part in the
festivities, and is expected to deliver no
public utterance, until convocation day,
the final day of the jubilee. Shortly after
7 o'clock this morning the distinguished
euest arrived on the university grounds,
and with Mrs. Rockefeller, who accom
panied him on his trip from the East,
repaired to the home of President Har
per. He addressed a gathering of co-eds
who besieged him at the entrance of the
president's home and then retired inside.
Mr. Rockefeller made four appearances
on the first day of his stay, the first of
which was at the class day exercises of
the graduating class on the campus. Then
he attended the baseball game on 'Mar
shall Field, was a guest at' the alumni
dinner in the evening and witnessed the
second presentation of "As You Like It"
by students on the university campus.
The senior class alluded to the Standard
Oil magnate's Income of $30,000 per day at
the beginning of the class-day exercises,
when they sang their song entitled, "John
D." The subject of the production was
present, and he heard the following lines:
John D. Rockefeler, wonderful man la he.
Gives all his spare change to the U. of C.
Mr. Rockefeller evidently had not seen
It in that light before, for his face took
on a puzzled expression. Then It relaxed
into a quiet smile, and from that he burst
into hearty laughter as the song pro
ceeded. . . , _
Ho will remain at the university for sev
eral days." • . •. ¦ , , .. , . 1
Senior Class of Chicago
University Praise
Rockefeller!
STUDENTS SING
OF OIL MAGNATE
resolution adopted at a meeting held June
12, 190L ¦ •
THE SAIST FRANCISCO GALLi SUNT)AT t JUNE 16, 1901;
15
Bad Circulation is the cause of most of the ills that come with old age. With
advancing years there is a decline of strength and vigor — the machinery of the
body moves with less speed and accuracy. Because of the weak and irregular
action of the heart the blood moves more slowly, becomes impure and loses much
of its life-sustaining properties, and muscles, tissues and nerves literally starve for
lack of nourishment. "A sluggish and polluted circulation is followed by a long
train of bodily ailments. Cold feet, chilly sensations up and down the spine, poor
appetite and digestion, soreness of the muscles, rheumatic pains, hard and fissured
skin, face sores, chronic running ulcers on the lower limbs and other parts of the,
body — -thesexand many other diseases peculiar to old people are due to a lack of
healthy bloodand imperfect circulation. Restoration to health must come through
the building up and purification of the blood, thus adding strength and tone to
the vital organs and quick, healthy action to the circulation. ¦ - ;¦
S. S. S. being strictly a vegetable blood remedy and the best tonic, makes it
the most_varaable and efficacious of all medicine for old people. It is free from all
mineral ingredients, and mild. and pleasant in its action. It cures blood diseases
of efery character, even those inherited or contracted in early life. As the system
gets under the influence of S. S. S. there is a marked improvement in the general
health, and: as richer and purer blood -begins to circulate through the body the
appetite improves, and there is a softness and elasticity about the skin that you
have not noticed for years ; sores begin to heal, pains in muscles and joints grad-
ually cease, and you find that it is possible to be happy and healthy even in old age.
Our medical department is in charge of physicians who make a study of blood
and skin diseases. If you would, like to have their opinion and advice in your
case,' write them all about it and you shall receive such information and advice as
you want. This will cost you nothing. Others have found our medical depart-
ment of great benefit to them- — their cure being much more rapid as the result of
some special directions received from our physicians. •
\ Don't be your own doctor when you can get medical advice free. Book on
Blood and Skin Diseases mailed to all who desire it. . ' .. ~ '
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA.
HOW TO FIND OUT.
WHAT TO DO.
..Fill a bottle or common glass with yoor
water and let it stand twenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; tt It
stains the linen it is evidence of kidney
trouble; too frequent desire to pass It. «r
pain in the back. Is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out of
order.
There Is comfort In the knowledge) so
often^jpressed that Dr, Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every wish In curing rheuma-
tism, pain, in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding pain in passing it, or
bad effects following use " of liquor. wlne>
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day. and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the • highest for Its
wonderful ¦ cures of the most distressing
cases. Iftyou need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by drug-gists In fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes. '•
You may; have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a book that tells mor*
about It, both sent absolutely £re« by
mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bin«-
haxnton. N. Y. When writing mention
that you read this generous offer In th»
San Francisco Dally CalL
DR. KIXMER'S SWAKIP-BOOT.
OCEATT TRAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ADVISBTISEMKNTB.
From New York Every ' Wednesday, 13 . noon.
•Vaderland '.....'. June 26 Frlesland '....."..July 17
Kensington :.'... .July 3 Pennland .......July 21
•Zetland ........July 10 Southwark ......July 31
•Stop at Cherbourg; j eastbound. ¦
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
¦ CHAS. D. TAYLOR, ;
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every ' Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St. Louis ......June 26iSt. Paul ......August 7
St. Paul ........July 10 St." Louis August 14
St. Louis .......July 17] Philadelphia.. August 21
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW . YORK. BOUTHAMTbH. LONDON. PASIB.
GOODAL/U PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Affenta,
10 Market st.. San Frandpoo.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k i . , Steamers leave' Broadway
gfc. Wharf,- San Francisco:
IHiiBfc For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
HM Hftife- June 6, 10, 15, CO, 25, 30, July
HPfOMfe. E - Changs to company's
itt liBScua steamers at Seattle.
nHal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
BHBCSaffial C.), Port Townaend, Seattle,
Tacoma. Everett, Anacor».e»
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
I 11 a. m.. Jnne 5, 10, 15, 20. 15, SO.
July 5 and evary fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and Q N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
lor N P* Ry.; at Vancouver to C, P. Ry.
For' Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. , m..
June 2, 7, 11, 16. 21. 26, July 1, and every fifth
%r San a Dleko. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port lios Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
teles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays,. 9 a, m ;
Bteamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. ffl.".. . .
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cnis.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hirford
fSan Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa , Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. •Newport ("Corona only)— Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, » a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays,
o m m - ' ; - - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ " - ¦¦ - -¦-¦.¦''.-
For Bnsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabc. Masatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-10 a. . m.. 7th ; each
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves th« Tight to change
rteam«-s, sailing date* and hours of sailing
without Drevious notice.
TICKTCT OKFTCE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel);' ¦_ • ,
mt CNICMESTCR'S ENGLISH
PEHHYflOyAUMS
trPi&Vtgfa la KE» »a* »«1<J ajtkUla box*. Ki.ti
a s tt * m ribbon - 1^""° otker - Ret^—
-f*l *^k *tJ T»«mcero«» SatMtltatfoaa and Iadta>
<|Wf Jy (tuiM far PartlcnUn, Te*t)monUl»
VVv #? sad '•Keller for I^4iee."*t bttr.bjn.
V ->C tarn Mali. lO.Oon Trstiiaon)»!». Sold by
> ~— — / »tlDrBKi«t». Cklehe*terChexBlealC»-
K«a»aoalhl»pap«r. MbJI— Sqiimre. PHJUJU. P-5
TRIC BELT" • and
appliances. Drugs
do not cure. Electricity is the remedy!
JJuy no 3elt until you see "Dr. Pierce's,"
for it is the BEST and the lowest in price.
C7CaIl at office or send a 2-cent stamp
ror new ."Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 206 Post St., San Fran-
cisco. New York offlcer-1145 Broadway.
can obtain renewed
strengrth and vigor
by the use of "Dr.
Pierce's (latest im-
proved) B L E O-
MEN-i*
WOMEN
WEAK
"QUEEN"
ALASKA.
The PACIFIC ' COAST STEAMSHIP CO.'S
. Alaska Excursion Steamer QUEEN
. : Will Sail from San Francisco
WEDNESDAY, June 19, 11 a. m,.
For SBATTLES and < PORTS IN SOUTHEAST-
ERN ALASKA, including
GLACIER BAT.
TICKET, OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery st.
For further particulars apply to referees,
J. T. HABMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. TJMBSUN', 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULUVAN, Farrott Building.
Best income vrwerty in jte city; 713 Dnporrt
st., fcetween Sacramento and Clay sts.; lot 2!:*
xllO to "TOaverly place :*-thxee-story and base-
ment brick, new, modern building; rents J199
per month.
Corner Fifteenth, and Julian Avenue.
' Fine building location: S. B. cor. Fifteenth
st. and Julian ave.; 84 feet on Fifteenth st. by
155 feet on Julian ave, : ready for tnzildlng-; will
sell as a -whole or In five subdivisions.
Dupont and Sacramento Streets.
Washington st., north. line, between Drumm
and East sts., 95 feet east of Drnmm: 60 feet
by 60 feet: ground rent $35 per month; no
lease; an -elegant lr.com* if p~os«rly improved.
Washington and Drumm Streets.
Elegant business property: 'north, line at
Jessie St., 57:6 west of Second St., thence west
40 feet by 63 feet: now leased to the Sharon
estate (used by Fire Patrol Service); present
ground rent $73: lease will expire May L 1903,
wten building can be purchased at two-thirda
of its appraised valuation.
Jessie and Second Streets.
No. 14 Montgomery Street.
G, H, UMBSEN & GO,,
At 12 noon, at salesroom of
MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1901,
All Choice Property
By Order of Court.
REFEREE'S SALE.
AUCTION SALE.
Ba SONOMA " (via . Honolulu) for Samoa,
; . New Zealand and Australia. .....'.
................Thursday, June 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.................. ,-
¦ .. : Wednesday.' June 28. 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu -; only)
: ......................Saturday June 29, 2 p. m.'
J. D. SPRE6XELS k BIOS. CO., Omni Agtnts. 327 Market St
Uen'l Passangw Ojfict, 843 Market St, Piar lo. 7. Pacific St
Ai>A^nli> C C P A Rmil > 8AM0 *' NEW
PCCaBICb.5.tO. «a
- '....Sails June 17, 27, July 7, 17, 27, August 6
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agrt., 1 Montfjom'y.S.F.
V IiOWXiST XLA.TX1S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
ss. Columbia . . . ......:............. . . . . .; . .'. •.
........Sails Ji«ie 22, July 2. 12." 22. August 1
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER........ .....;
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
• points East. fThr^nfth pickets to all
¦ points, all rail or stenmshta and rail, at
Only 1S-tmm.Taat.mTa.1-r* Xj£xk* to
a»«iv.ca
DR. HALL'S REINVIQORATOSgggl
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. Thi3 secret
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. . M^^
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- I sHI
cocele, Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fTTl JvITn
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UaM VJdJ
•wasting effects of self-abus» or
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 ¦^^^^^¦B
bottles, $5. guaranteed to cure any case. 'Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also {or sale at 1073V»
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free ¦ book.
OOXFAGNIB r GENERALS TRANSATLACTIQUS.
DIRECT , LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .- '»^_
Balling: every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday. : at 10 a. m.,- from pier -42. » :l< w«**
North River. * foot of Morton street, ¦ *U Aqui-
taine, June 20; La Bretagne, June 27; La Cham-
pagne, July 4;- La Gascogne, July 11. '
"First class to Havre. $55 and upward. Second
class to ' Havre. > $45 • and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson ~. building). New
York. , I. F. FUG AZI . & CO., Pacific . Coast
Agents," S - Montgomery i avenue, ¦ San I Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad . Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers. ...
on Application.'
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prloe Lists Mallei
W. H,'. AVERT," General Atent.
STEAMERS WILIi" LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and H0NGK0NO. callinf.at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and .Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, ete. No cargo > received on board on
day ot nallins:. ¦ "' - •
88. HONGKONG MARtT.Baturday, June S3, 1901
B8. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday, July, 17, 1101
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Saturday. ; Aug. i U, 1J01
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. : For
freight and passaee apply at company's otflce.
«1 Market . str«et. corner First. -
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
The Race
Does not depend on the start but on the
finish. It's staying power which carries
many a runner to victory. It's like that
in business. Many. a man starts off in
the race for business success with a
burst of speed which seems to assure
victory. Presently be begins to falter
and at last he falls and fails. The cause ?
Generally "stomach trouble." No man
is stronger than his stomach. Business
Itaste leads to careless and irregular eat-
ing. The stomach'and other organs of
digestion and nutrition become diseased.
The body is inadequately nourished and
so grows weak.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
strengthens the stomach and so strength-
ens the. -whole body which depends on
the stomach for the nourishment from
which strength is made. « J
There is no alcohol in « Golden Medical
Discovery," and it : is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
Accept no substitute for the « Discov-
ery." ¦ There is no medicine w just as
good " . for diseases of the stomach and
allied organs. :•*. *• /
"Your 'Golden Medical Discovery* has per-
formed a wonderful cure," writes Mr. M. K.
House, of Charleston, Franklin Co., , Ark. "I
had the worst case of dyspepsia, - the doctors
say, ' that . they ever saw. • After trying seven
doctors and everything I could hear of, with no
benefit, I tried Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery, and now I am cured.". .. \
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure
constipation. *
8. 6. Argyll sails Sunday, Juno 30
S. S. Leelansrvr sails Monday, July 13
S. 8. Argyll «¦ sails Monday. Auft. 8
From Harrison-street Wharf at > p. re.
' Fretcbt and passennr of flee, HO Market §t.
• F. F. ' CONNOR. Pacific ! Coast Acent.
Cabin. »105; Steerace. f40.
PANAMA t;R, ST
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
. OILS.
LUBRICATING OU.S. LEONARD A KLUS,
, . 111 Front »t.. S. F. Phone. Main 1713.
FRBSti AND SALT MBATS.
JA3« DUICOd VU. clay. Tel. Main Ha
'• . , , COPPERSMITH.
CW SMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat ind
• ..W. Oiuilil* Ship Work a specialty. 14 and
IS Washlnirton st. - Telephone Main (Ml. . .
COAL.' COKE ANJ'Pia IRQ*.
JP WII QAV * f ft N 0 Battery Street."
• L WILdUn ft WU*« Telephone Main ISM.
„/ • PR1NTXNQ. :'..
Badway's
Pills
Purely vecetable. mild and reliable. 'Causes
perfect - digestion, ' complete absorption and
healthful regularity. .*..<-,¦ » ¦ ¦ *. - ':•
For the cure of til dliordera ot the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Jr.
reniarltles, ' 8lck Headache, I nillousness, Con.
stipation, - Piles and all derangements of i the
Internal Viscera. Ua a box. At Druccista. or
toy mail, RADWAY * CO., New XorW
I Al Clipper, Behooner U.S. > WOOOBTJRT. :
Tor rrelght or Passac* apply C. F. MOOIU2J,
MS Market- rt.,: rooraX>;>- "*.*. ¦¦•¦ . / ~s -
$65 FIR6T-CLA8S TO TELLER
OR NOME, ALASKA. .
: Steamers . GEN. ¦ FRISBIE or MONTICELLO ,
v'l:45 a. m., S:15 and 1:10 p. m., except Sun-
day. Bundny, 9:45 a. m., 8:10 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m... ll:S0 noon. 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m. , 4:15 p. m. . Far* M
cents. • Telephone Main . 1508. r> Land Inr * «nd of-
fice, < pier 1, : Mlsslon-st, dock. X HATCH . BROS.
FOR U. S; NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAT AND BXVBB
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DB VAPOBES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, ! Central
and South American ports, Sallintf from How-
ard-street wharf No. 8. IS nv' ¦- *
COLOMBIA ....June l»l ARBQUIPA ....July —
TUCAPEIj .... .June V \ LIMARI r ......; .July —
These steamers : are \bullt' expressly for.. Cen-
tral and South American ; passenger ; service,
(No chtnro tt Aenpuleo -or Panama). 4 Freight
ana passenger office, . 818 • California street.
! . BALPOUR. ¦GUTKR1B ( &-CO.." On. Ajfontn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOILS "WATER IN SO SECONDS.
Gives hot bath in ten minutes, '. at a cost tt
VA cents.
You light your flame." and by the time, yoa
are disrobed your bath is ready.
¦ Saves fire in ranee.
. Sold on Installments.
Send for Illustrated pamphlet. Call and as*
It In operation.
RIBBON "WATER-HEATING CO.
Examiner Buildlns. Room 607. .
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
FOR
w ii tff \* .*f*y.* tyu^^^y^S^^jS^^J^^
n | ||M|[ ,,|^..,,|,.-| „ | ,,||. w ¦¦¦¦II ¦¦¦¦¦Illl. IIIIIMIW— Ml !_'
-^^^^81^ and OLD'
AT1V M.M'fH,
Cured Papa
Of Drinking
How Mamma CurectOur Papa, Who
Was a Terrible Drunkard, by
Mixing a Remedy In His Cof-
fee and Food, Curing Him
Without His Help or
Knowledge.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE TO ALL.
It takes & -woman to overcome obstacles.
Mrs. Ch&s. W. Harry, E2 B. 4th St.. Newport.
Ky., and her children had for year* patiently
borne the disgrace, suffering, misery and pri-
vjitlon due to j.apa'» drttklnc habits.
I«nTL.E SWEETHBAHTB.
Learning there was a cure for drunkenness
which ebe could rive her husband secretly, so*
decided to try It. She mixed it la his food
and coffee and as the -remedy is odorless and
tasteless he never knew what it was that so
quickly relieved the cravlsj: for liquor. He
soon besan to pick up In flesh, his appetite for
•olid food returned, he stuck to his work rex-
ulariy and they now have a nappy home. Mr.
Harry vm told about bis wife 1 * experiment
and he elves her the credit of having- restored
him to his eennes. It Is certainly a remark-
abie r*m<-dy,« cures a man without his effort.
does him no barm and causes him no sufferlne
-whatever.
Dr. Halnes, the discoverer, will send a
•ample of this grand remedy fret to all who
will writ* for it. Enourh of this rem«dy is
mailed fre* to show bow It Is used in tea, oor-
fe» or tood. and that it will cure the dreaded
habit quietly and permanently, gend your
name and address to Dr. J. \v. Hainet, 14S3
Glenn building. Cincinnati. Ohio, and he will
mail a free ttample of the remedy to you, se-
curely *<>a]»d In a plain wrapper, also full di-
rections bow to ut>* it. books and testimonial*
from hundreds who have been cured, and
everylhinc needed to aid you In Ravine those
near and 6>ar to you from a life ot decrada-
tion and ultimate poverty and dlarraee. •
Bend for a fre« trial to-day. It will brighten
tbe raat of tout Uf*.5 W.F.Pipher, receiver of The California,
will sell to-morrow (Monday) j 1000 pairs of •
ladles' ties and men's -and -boys' tennis
shoes -for, 25c- a pair, not morje .than onju
pair to. any one person, at, tne; bankrupt
sale of The California Shoe Company, 150G
Market street,' above City Hall avenue. : < *
•_ .Envy no man's talent! Improve "your
| own. ; .'- - -
_25c a Pair for Shoes— 25c*
P. H.' Idol; the popular manager of the
Overland»stage line, is always on the alert
to furnish additional accommodations . for
the patrons of his line. Only a few weeks
ago the Herald announced to 'its readers
that the company .was running
a daylight line "all the way to Scotia, g This
was a great convenience to passengers and
was duly appreciated. Mr. Idol,- however,
was not satisfied, and further increase
accommodations he has put "on a special
day passenger line from Ukiah. This
gives" WlllitS: two stages a day— a passen-'
ger and a mail stage arriving both from
the north and Ukiah, and a similar num
ber, departing. < ,The latest surprise was
sprung on the traveling public Monday
noon, when the passenger, stage arrived
from Ukiah. <. The people who Witnessed
the arrival were spellbound for a minute
at /the spectacle that greeted them. Up
to the St. James Hotel drove one of the
nicest traps that ever covered the road.
The rig , was purchased at a- cost of $ti35
from a Boston firm by Mr. ; Idol. The
wheels" are set so the wagon has a wider
track than any other rig on the road, and
the dish and angle make It almost im
possible to upset. • It. is said to be safer
than, the- ordinary,; stage; coach. . Th6 bed
of the trap is inclosed and all baggage. is
shoved under. . the seat and out of sight,
there being a solid floor for the passenger
to rest his'feet qn. The four seats are, set
mu^h higher than stage seats, for the spe
cial purpose of keeping the passenger out
of the dust. -The seats are finely uphol
stered andjof a comfortable width. The
rig will be'drawn-by four .fine horses and
when loaded swill' have ".more, the appear
ance . of ; a pleasure party : than, a stage;
The vehicle is gorgeously painted' and is
complete , to "the merest -detail, having a
coach horn -concealed In a neat .wicker
basket at the : side. On : the • hew ; schedule
the trap leaves Ukiah in the morning and
arrives- here at moon.' .Returning, leaves
here at 1 and arrives in Ukiah at 5 p. ' m.
A: passenger leaving Ukiah In the morning
would ¦ take supper at " Scotia: the next
night— a distance of 142 miles. -< On jthe:in
itial - trip the trap" brought up four passen
gers." One thing more that- was , a" surprise
was the that- hereafter the
fare on Ithisr line . from • Will! ts ; to iUkiah
would be $1.*. The $1 50' fare that had'for
merly prevailed;. was" considered; reason
able,- the distance . covered being 24 miles. J
'¦ '• '. ¦ ' ¦ '. . ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦
A Handsome Trap.
Attorney James K. Ross will appear be
fur Judge ' Kerrigan on -Wednesday next
anrt show cause, why he should not be
1-uriished for contempt of court" for hav
in« furnished his client, Thomas F. Koll
man, with ¦what purported to.be a copy
oi a decree of divorce. Attorney J. H.
Meyer, who was appointed on Friday by
Judge Kerrigan' to proceed against Ross,
has prepared his affidavit under which
the citation was issued directing Ross to
appear and if able to" purge .himself of
contempt.
Ross Will Explain Wednesday.
BOSTON. June 15— The last regular ses
sion of • the International Young Men's
Christian Association Convention was
held in Mechanics' Hall to-night. Presi
dent W. F. Slocum of Colorado Colleee
discussed the problem* of dealing with the
7.000,000 of young men of small towns and
country districts, urginar that the country
organizations be sustained and that more'
buildings be erectted for their use.
James H. Eckels of Chicago spoke with
reference to the masses of young men un
touched by the associations in- the great
cities of the United States and Canada; '
Three Sioux Indians were presented to'
the audience, one of whom, Arthur Tib
betts, who has been engaged in Y. M.'C.
A: work among the Indians," told 1 of his
success in that direction. .
A reply was sent to s Kin?. Edward,
thanking him for his interest, in the work
of the association as shown by the mes
sage received from him. " s • ¦ : • ...
i •¦ * ' -¦• ¦:•• , •;< '• •
Knights of Honor Go to , Cleveland.
• The! fcupreme
lodge.* Knights of Honor,- to-day selected
Cleveland, Ohio, as next year's meeting
I place. . . ¦ - . /
of His Tribe.
sionary Work Among Members
Representative Sioux Tells of Mis-'
INDIAN ADDKESSES
CHRISTIAN WORKERS
The dead— Jere V. Wright, teller of the
Oriental Bank of this city, residing at
New Brighton, S. I.
Missing— General Charles G. Bartlett, 65
years old, of Hart Park, Livingston, S. I.,
librarian of the Criminal Court building.
Friends are positive he was on the ferry
boat. .- .• . •. ,»
Juan Aboy Benites, 23 years old, single,
of Richmond, S. I. .
A. G. Clarke, Brooklyn.
Charles Dickinson. 55 years old, of Eg
bert avenue. West New. Brighton, S. I..
Imhoff, commissary sergeant, U. S.
A., of Governors Island; was on his way
to Staten Island, having left the barracks
in time to catch the ill-fated boat
Beaumont Stevens of Newdorp, S. I.
Divers went through the ferry-boat . to
day, but found only the body of Wright
It is impossible to tell whether any other
persons were drowned, and their bodies
washed out into the river. ¦
Half a dozen horses and wagons were ;
taken out of the sunken vessel by wreck-
Ing crews, aided by divers. The boat was
being partly broken up by the tide, 'but
she will be raised to-morrow or. Monday
It Is said she can be "repaired.
Trying "to Shift the Blame.
In the court proceedings Magistrate
after her collision with the Jersey Central
ferry-boat Mauch Chunk, on Friday even
ing, only one bodjr has been found.
How many other fatalities resulted from
the accident is a mystery. Six persons are
still reported missing.
•VICTORIA, B. C June 15.-The steamer
Tacoma arrived this morning from tho
Orient. On. June 2, three days after/ she
sailed, she sighted a; ship on .fire, which
proved to be the San Francisco whaler
Charles W. Mprg-an.
The Tacoma bore down and stood "by.
Flames were seen rising, thirty or forty
feet from the- midships of the whaler and
it' Was -thought ''she would be destroyed
but-after the Tacoma. came alongside >h
fire was placed under control: and (ha
whaler, not wanting further assistance
'the Tacoma came on. v , - '
Is Extinguished.
Vessel Tacoma- Offers^ to - Aid the
. Charles W. Morgan^ but Fire
SIGHTS STEAM WHAIiEE, i
. . IN .a BLAZE ' 'AT SEA
Lrane held Captains Griffin of the Mauch
Caunk and Johnson of the Northfleld on
charges'of criminal' negligence, and*de
nounced the running of old • boats and en
oongering the lives of hundreds of people
The two captains were held in. $2500 bail
each for examination June 25 and secured
their release on bail. Each claimed ha
was not to blame' for the accident. * Cap
tain Griffin stated that he had sent word
V? * he Staten Island ferry authorities at
aifierent times that boats were run out
of .their slips too quickly. The Jersey Cen
tral Ferry Company had nothing to say
about the accident, but the Staten Island
Transit officials, who own the Noathfield
held an investigation and exonerated from
blrime all its officers and . employes. : The
Central Railroad officials are investigat
ing, as are also the police. The Govern
ment, through the local ±joard of Steam
boat Inspectors, will hold an examin
ation next week. ' .. . . ¦ .
Captain Daniel Gully ,%f the tugboat
Autumnal said to-day that many persons
must have been drowned.
i'"I saw the two . boats when they
cashed." he said,, "and I am positive that
2iiO persons were d.rowned. - I- saw more
than thirty Jump overboard as the North
fit-ld was drifting from the Battery to Pier
10— that was on the starboard 'side, .'and I
cannot tell how many- went over from
the port side.- I saw more than fifteen in
the water when I ran up *o the Northfleld
and many of them went down. If. as the
fPr IK£^ r - ia}fi S!iy ' there were between 800
and 1000 passengers on' the ferrv-boat hot
m^e than 500 to 600 got ashore 'in safety "
NEW YORK. June 15.— After more than
twenty-four hours' search for dead bodies
in the Staten Island ferry-boat Northfleld,
DIVERS SEARCH THE SUNKEN FERRY-BOAT NORTHFIELD
AND RECOVER THE BODY OF ONE OF THE PASSENGERS
GBAND CHANCEiLLOB,
NAMES HIS COMMITTEES
Those Who. Will Look After the Af
fairs of the Pythians in
California.
Grand Cha"hcellorj.Calliiris of the Knights
of Pythias- has appointed the following
-committees to' attend to the affairs of the
order for the current Pythian year:/./ A^'
( Grand tribune — Stanton L. Carter of Fresno.
' Credentials-^M;.E. Kirby of No. 134,' Madera;
F. J. Benz of No.' 28, San Diego; F. A. Rob
inson of No. 30,. Merced. •
Endowment rank— John Huber of No. 1, , San
Francisco; "F. B. Larmer of No. 17J, Oakland;
C. R. Stibbens of No. 112, Riverside.,
Finance — C. S. Hoffman of No. 16, San Fran
cisco: C. H. Barrett of -Ko. 38. Stockton; W.
A. Mackinder of No.- ISO, St. Helena.
¦ Fraternal review— Will J. Beatty of No'. 2,
San Francisco; R. R. MacMullen of No. 217,
Corning; J. E. Hunter of No. 1S3, Salinas.'
Law — Jacob Samuels of No. 117, San Fran
cisco: F. T. Nilon of No.' 48, Nevada City; R.
A. Ling of No. 148, Los Angeles; C. W. Nevin
of No. 16. San Francisco; W. D. Wagner of
No. 27, San Bernardino/ .
Mileage— R. F. Rpbertson of No. 175, Los
Gatos; A. R. Lord of N6. 48, Nevada City;
Hugh Percy of No. ¦ 177, Chino; M. A. Samuels
of No. 3, San Francisco; T. A. Nelson of No.
161, Stockton.'
.Pythian Home— R. F. Burns of No. 198, Au
burn; O. F. Graf of No. 137. Sacramento; L. E.
Blumberg of No. 141.. Oakland; A. JordahL of.
No. 34 Eureka; S. T.. Jones of No. 74, Grass
Valley; O. G. Trautz of No. 99, Benlcia; H.
G. Hahmann of No. 87, , Santa Rosa.
••- Reports— S. , Stelner of No; 146, Escondido; C.
S/ Van Roy of No. 78, Sacramento; A. N.
Codeglia of No. 179, San Francisco.
State of the order^-J. H. Gyselaar (P. S. R.)
of Eureka; G. W. Brown of No. -166. Jackson;
W. H.. Virden of No. 59. Bridgeport;- \V. I.
Clendonon of No. 149, Santa Ana; ,W. A. Fish
of No. 62, Red Bluff.
¦ Uniform Rank— E. T. Blackmer (P. * S. P.),
San Diego; A. Stanley Dolan of No. 211, High
land ;.R. L. Crane of No. 213, Ukiah.
- Committee of arrangements for Supreme
Lodge convention in 1902— Charles L. Patton
(P. G. C). San Francisco ; W. . C. Graves
(supreme representative), San Francisco ; A.
G. ' Booth (P. G. C), San Francisco; H. R.
Arndt (P. G. C.),*San Francisco: George Sam
uels (P. G. C): Oakland; General C. F. Mc-
Glashan, Truckee; - Jacob Samuels of No. 117.
San Francisco; H.-Schaffner (G. K. of R. and
H.), Skn Francisco. .¦ '¦* ' . v-."
The lecture will be held at Metropolitan
Hall to-morrow night. It should provide
an interesting evening's entertainment.'
Father Yorke's ability as an orator, is
well known. - Dr. de Costa has appeared
before San Franciscans on three occa
sions and has demonstrated that he is
capable of handling with 'great skill and
ability the subject he has chosen.
The lecture promises 10 be wen attend
ed, as San Fianciscans seldom have an
opportunity of listening to two such bril
liant'talkers.
< The Rev. Father, Yorke will preside at
the fourth of the series of lectures by
Dr. de Costa, given under the auspices of
the Catholic Truth , Society. Father
Yorke will deliver a short address in in
troducing Dr. de Costa, who will • speak
on "The Bible and Its Mission in Amer
ica."
San Joaquin Merchants Meet.
FRESNO. June lo.— The quarterly maet-
Ing of the San Joaquin Valley Commercial
Association was held here to-day with
representatives from San Joaquin. Stanis
laus. Madera, Fresno. Tulare and Kern
counties. - The meeting was enthusiastic
as to the good work already done by the
association and unanimous for its con
tinuance. Senator S. C. Smith of Bake 13
field was elected president for the ensu
ing term, with power to employ a secre
tary. The next meeting will be held in
Stockton in August-
REV. PETER C. YORKE, WHO
WILL PRESIDE AT DR. DE
COSTA'S FOURTH LECTURE.
.WASHINGTON. June 15.— R. J. Trace
well, Controller of the Treasury,. has ap
proved the decision of the Auditor of the
Treasury refusine to grant a refund of
$62 paid by the German Benevolent So
ciety of San Francisco as taxes and pen
alty on the business of a retail liquor
dealer, under the war revenue act.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
recommended the refund and transmitted
his recommendation to the Auditor,' tak
ing the position that the German Benevo
lent Society conducted a hospital for sick
members of the society. He held that it
was not a private institution conducted
for pecuniary benefit, but a public insti
tution founded and conducted for the gen
eral stood. It was admitted that wines
arid, liquors were given patients and
charges made ' therefor. . ;
In passing upon the question the Con
troller says that the statute defines a re
tail llauor dealer as "every person who
sells or offers for sale" liquors. It makes
no exceptions of hospitals i or charitable
institutions. . . *
Electricians Are to Meet.
SAN JOSE, June 15.— The Pacific Coast
Electrical Transmission Association will
hold. an annual convention at the Hotel
Vendome on June 18 and 19. About a hun
dred prominent electricians, power men
and promoters of electric companies "will
be present. Many interesting: papers are
to be read. Tuesday evening there will
be a banquet at the • Vendome and the
following day a. trip will be made to
Alum Rock Park. '.¦¦- ' "\- - ',
Rioting at St. Petersburg.
LONDON, June 15.— A dispatch from St.
Petersburg announces that the labor dis
orders there have been renewed. Strikers
from the Baltic naval yards, the dispatch
says, joined forces with>the men from the
Guvozdilnana works and attacked the lat
ter with such ferocity that the military
were obliged to use their arms to suppress
the rioters.
Treasury Ruling Against
German Benevolent
- ' rr* \ '¦
Controller Approves Decision
Recently Made by the-
MUST PAY ITS
REVENUE TAX
SACRAMENTO. June 13.— It has hpen
brought to the attention of T. J. Kirk.
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, that tne Board of Education of
Kern County is alleged to have ignored
the State textbooks in many important
In-stances, .thus setting at defiance the law.
which requires the State textbooks to be*
used in the schools. 1 In the course of
study issued by the Kern County Board
of Education, which the teachers are re
quired to follow on pain of punishment
for. unprofessional conduct, it is claimed
no mention is made of the State gram
mars, physiology, civil government or
speller.
State Superintendent Kirk was asked as
to what action he proposed to take with
respect to the charge. that Kern County,
is disregarding the law. He said:
"If it can be substantiated that Kern
County is violating the law by discarding
the use of the State series of textbooks
and if the remedy is vested In me I will
certainly uphold the law. I am ready to>
do it at any time, and if the facts are as
itprtsented and the matter can be
Drought to my attention in a legal way I
sha'.l not hesitate a moment to do my
duty and withhold Kern County"s share
of the State moneys when the. next appor
tionment is made In July."
Superintendent Kirk admitted that
many of the State textbooks are unpopu
lar -**ith educators.
Special Dispatch to The Call;
Superintendent of Public In
struction "Will Inves
tigate.
Persons Charge That
I \ State Textbooks Are
Ignored.
DECLARE KERN
VIOLATES LAW
CHILDREN DIE
IN THE FLAMES
Two Small Boys Burned
•;:'! to Death in Yolo ,
County.
Father Rushes Into Blazing
Barn, but Is Saved From
Awful Death.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 15.— One of the most
terrible , tragedies in , the history of .Yolo
County , occurred in Madison late ' this
afternoon.: A- barn • fire resulted in the
agonizing death of two boys, Andrew and
Fred, aged 3 and 5 respectively, the sons
of Andrew Kramer.
The presumption is that they went into
the barn and started the fire themselves.
The structure was . of dry redwood and
very inflammable. The flames spread
quickly and the building was soon com
pletely enveloped.
The mother of the boys discovered the
fire and a moment later heard the screams
of the children. Several men soon arrived
but they were too late to rescue the boys.
The father rushed frantically into the
burning building and would certainly have
.perished if other men had not pulled him
back. i . .
The bodies were not recovered until the
building had collaDsed. _A horse and a
lot of hay were also burned.
GIVEN PAROLE AFTER
TWENTY-NINE YEARS
Augustin Castro, Who Served Long
: in San Quentin, Is Permitted
'.'¦.". k ;?; to Depart.-
SAN RAFAEL,. June -15.— The estate
Board of Prison Directors met to-day at
San Quentin and granted paroles J to
Charles Seaston, Augustin E. Castro,
Richard Phelan and Mow Noon. The men
were «all serving life sentences and had
,been in prison many years. Castro, is the
oldest, having served twenty-nine' years
under sentence from San Diego.
Bids for prison supplies for the ensuing
year were accepted. The contract for 400,
000 pounds of fresh beef was awarded to
Miller & Lux. The provision contracts
were awarded to Brigham, Hoppe & Co.,
Alaska Codfish Company and, Western
Meat Company. A. contract for 4000 bar
rels of flour was awarded to the Del
Monte Milling Company.' ,.
FATHER YORKE
WILL PRESIDE
Is to deliver Address
at Truth Society
Lecture.
"Mission of Bible in America,"
Dr.' be Costa's Fourth
'¦',., Subject/
THE SAN FRANCISC^C^
16
Do your ears discharge?"
"Is; the wax drying in. your ears?"
Aches and Pains Are the Danger
•*; Signals That You Are Sick and
¦ ; Need Treatment. '
- Read the " following symptoms over care-
fully mark those you feel In your case, and
send or brine them j to -Drs. Shores and they
will tell you whether you can be cured FREE
OF CHARGE. ¦ • ¦. .¦
The Head and Throat.
" This form "of catarrh Is most common — re-
sulting from neglected colds— quickly cured
with little cost by Drs. Shores', famous treat-
ment. . . ¦ . ¦¦•'•'• '• ' „„
"Is your nose stopped up? •-
"Does your nose discharge?'.'
"Is your nose sore and tender?" i > ,- :-•¦
"Is there pain in front of head?''~ ; "
"Do. you hawk to clear the throat?"
"Is your, throat dry in: the morning?"
' "Do you sleep with your mouth . opea?" ¦» .
Tou can be easily i cured now— don't let It run
Into complications..' ¦
-¦ ,The Bronchial Tubes. : - ,
When catarrh of the head or throat is neg-
lected or • wrongfully treated. It extends down
the windpipe I into i the bronchial', tubes, and
after a while attacks the lungs. Quickly cured
with little cost , by ; Drs. Shores'-- famous treat-
naent.v-" -.-¦¦¦-% - : *' •.'¦¦;.-,...'.¦. >',¦¦ ¦' ¦. -^
¦• "Have you a cough?-- . . > .
"Do . you j take cold I easily?"
. "Have you pain in the side?" ~. ' '
•'Do you raise .frothy, materials?". .
"Do you spit' up little cheesy ..lumps?" -
"Do you feel you -are growing weaker?". . !.
- ' Don't risk neglecting these warnings— stop
the disease before it ¦ reaches ; the lungs. ;
"-: V'.*:.' 1 ¦ '¦ .Of the Ears. ;. '-'¦'¦] ¦: • : v : .;
¦ Catarrh ; extends from ', the throat along the
eustachian tubes into the ears,' causing partial
or complete' deafness. '. Quickly cured with lit-
tle cost. by" Drs. ; Shores" famous treatment.
"Is your, hearing, failing ?".'; ... - ,;; •¦
. "Do you hear better some days than others?"
' "Is your hearing worse when ¦ you have a
cold?" :.. -.. ¦-, • . ¦
Don't neglect this until your hearing is ir-
reparably destroyed. Drs. Shores can, cure you.
j§|fy||i ' Kidney Disease . , -
Results in two ways, by taking cold and by
overworking the kidneys in separating from
the blood ' the catarrhal poisons which affect
all organs. Quickly ; cured with little cost by
Drs. . Shores' famous treatment.
"Do your hands and feet swell?"
"Is it noticed more at night?"
"Is .there pain in the small of the back?"
"Has the perspiration a bad odor?"
"Is there pufflness under the eyes?"
"Do you have to get up ofteri at night?" '
, Is there a deposit in urine if left standing?"
_.Dont neglect these signs and risk Bright's
Disease killing you. .Cure it now. < • - ,
Liver Disease. ,
T 116 .,. 11^ ls affe cted by Catarrhal poisons,
extending from the ; stomach into the ducts of
the liver. Quickly cured with little • cost by
Drs. Shores famous treatment '" -
¦¦ "Do" you: get dizzy?'.'
"Have i you cold feet?*/ ' •
"Do you feel miserable?" I I
- "Do you get tired easy?"";, i^M^ME?;
j'Do you have hot flushes'?" . •
.'Are your, spirits low at times?"
"Do you have rumbling ln the bowels T'
;:\ Of the Stomach. '
: Catarrh of the Stomach Is .usually caused i by
swallowing mucus, which drops down from the
head and throat at . night. Quickly . cured at
little cost by Drs. Shores' famous treatment.
. Is; there nausea ?"V-. ¦• . . ,
¦ "Do you belch up gas?" '
"Are you constipated?"
"Is your tongue coated?" *¦
/ "Do you bloat . up after ' eating ?"
* ¦¦" Is thero constant, bad taste ln. the mouth V
~ ¦ :n ow Is ¦;_ the '. time ; to v be permanently • cured.
Drs. ¦ Shores < are ; curing , hundreds every week.
D RSilSHORK & SHQRESi Specialists
£S:rtf'' HISTORY BUltil^
v i° ffl - c ? f h0 " rs ~:^* *? k - ; daya S .' a * m - j *° * p - m - Evenings, ; 6 '. to 8 ; Sundays. 10 a,' m. . to "l3 'noon! /
DANGER SIGNALS. '
treatment because, of living at a distance from
the office. "The same wonderful and uniform
success attending the treatment of Drs. Shores
in their office ts found in their HOME
TREATMENT OF PATIENTS EY MAIL. By
the use of a symptom blank they are able to
diagnose cases and prescribe ' for them, and
by _thcir reports keep a close watch upon
them. Patients living in the country may en-
Joy the* benefit of Drs. * Shores' skill as well
as those ln the cliy. WRITE FOR SYMPTOM
I BLANK and' have your case , diagnosed. XT
WILL COST YOU NOTHING. The charges for
home treatment are $3 a month, all medicines
free, including: all 'Instruments and Appli-
ances.'. . .
CONSULTATION FREE TO ALL,
HOME TREATMEjNT.
No one deprived of the benefits of Drs. Shore*.'
ONE PRICE FOR ALL.
In treating with Drs. Shores you know Just
what you have to pay. Drs. Shores do not
charge $5 fot Catarrh anil *3> for Kidney Dis-
ease or." other trouble. 'They will treat you
for all .your ailments, no matter, hew many,
for $3 per month,' all medicines included. Now
understand. $5 a month la all you have to pay
for expert treatment.
The best medical skill In the world is given
by Dn: Shores for K a month. Out of ten
patients, nine will tejl Dra. Shores that they
have gained more good results in one week
under their treatment than yeara under the
care of other doctors, and pair! not less than
J20 a month. Drs. Shores will cure you for
$3 a month 'and furnish you free with all nec-
essary medicine to effect a speedy and per-
manent cure.
" CATARRHAL AND CHRONIC DISEASE
SUFFERERS, DO NOT DELAY. APPLY AT
ONCE, FOR POSITIVELY THIS ' WILL BE
THE LAST MONTH OF THIS EXTREMELY
LOW RATE.
Known 'to Science Is Given by Drs.
'Shores for Five Dollars a Month,
Medicine Free. -
THE BEST TREATMENT i
. HERS IT IS.^.
To all patients who apply AT ONCE, no
matter what COMPLICATION of troubles you
may have, all the money you need is 15. Thts
pays for one month's treatment or until cured
and Includes medical talent, instruments, care,
attention, and everything necessary to effect
a speedy and permanent cure.
Don't wait until the last day. Only frwelv*
days remain. If you are left you have lost tha -,
opportunity of a lifetime.
Mr. Edgar says: "I have been a catarrhal victim for a year ot»
•more. My head and -nose constantly clogged up. I had to us© a>
handkerchief constantly and was hawking and spitting all day. At
night. I could hardly Breathe and sleep was very poor on that ac-
count. My stomach was also affected towards tho last, and I sa-«r
I was in for it. and went to see Drs. Shores & Shores. After a con-
sultation I decided to try their treatment. In two weeks I began to
feel better, and have steadily Improved since. To-day I feel fine—
my head is better, breathing eaay. stomach sound, and I feel good
all over. I am well known here, being born and raised In Salt
.L 1^ Sha " be PleaSed to verlfy thls statement any time,
Slgned): - -. ALLAN EDGAR.
'•.'¦¦ . "32* So. Seventh St.. Salt Lake City." I
ALLAN EDGAR.
324 So. Seventh "West St.
" _MR3. M. A. EMBURT.
CATARRH CURED.
"Drs. Shores & Shores have entirely cured me of catarrh," says
MRS M A EMBUKT of 3825 Howe street, Oakland, Cal.
"I was a great sufferer. My nose would stop up so that I could
scarcely breathe at all. I : had ; entirely . lost ; my sense of smell, and
there was so much -mucus dropping) in my throat that I could not
taste, anything. I would, frequently have a gathering In my head,
causing the severest pain between « my eyes. My stomach was bad,
and I was often distressed ; after eating. »My heart would- palpitate
so^that I could not He. on': my left side. In fact, I was run down
every way from so much catarrhal poison in the system. : ,,
"I consulted Drs. Shores & Shores, and after a careful examlna-'
tlon they Informed me that I could be entirely and permanently
cured, and I am very glad to be. able to say that ' they have kept
their word and I feel now. that I am entirely cured. ¦ ' " ¦¦¦-
. "I am an old resident In Oakland, and any one doubting this
statement; is at liberty to call on me and I •will verify the truth-
f ulnes of this testimonial. '¦:¦.. " '
"(Signed):- .-.i MRS. M. A. EMBURY."
BEGUN TO-DAY.
Everybody in California knows of Drs.
Shores and their famous system . of . treating
CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES. .
Everybody • knows of their remarkable ofTer
to treat all patients for all diseases until
cured for $5 a month, and furnish all medicine
free. Everybody knows what prompted Drs.
Shores in -introducing such a low rate. To
those who have not learned the purposes let
us say again, IT IS TO PROVES TO THE
Worth $12. 60, $13.51 tod $15.00, ftr -
As a special leader " for ¦ /t> fVv
to-morrow's selling; we *SlLJ
have gathered together 50 - *K 5*k * W ¦
of our choicest waists to ¦ B vW v.
be closed out at once. "«C11
They come in many new
Parisian effects, with .chiffon" fronts" and
embroidered designs. All this season's
styles, very swell and made of the finest
Peau de Sole and Taffeta Silk. -Every
waist is in perfect condition. Your choice
of these pretty colorings. White, Light
Blue. Pink. Red, Green and Old Rose For
Monday $S .50 each.
A SALE OF HIGH-CLASS
SILK WAISTS,
Ladies mldeummer styles Black Taffeta
Silk Tailor Skirts, with 7 gores and clus-
ter of tucks and hemstitching, circular
flounce with latest sweep and separate
foundation drop skirt; worth at least
$40 00. Here Monday (3>h(".it(t
•• ... Each «P^O
At $25.00, Wcrh $49.00.
The sales in this department the part
week have been most gratifying. Indicat-
ing in no mietakable manner the apprecia-
tion In which our value-giving is held.
Our offer for to-morrow is the best yet.
LADIES' SILK DRESS
SKIRTS.
BIG EMBROIDERY SALE
FOR MONDAY..
5000 yards— two special lots— closed out
from b. wholesale house at half price, on
sale to-morrow. Don't miss them.
Ific V«f»rf 25W> ya^s extra fine Cim-
IO^ 1 ai U brSc Embroideries, beau-
Wcrtfc 35e and 25e tiful patterns, with strong
edges, 6 to 9 inches wide, every yard worth
Zoc and 2Dc. Monday ISc Yard
I Or* VnrH 25ft0 yards Cambric Em-
x — lal U broidery Edges, with ln-
Worth 25e md 20e sertion to match, very
choice patterns on -v trong material. 4 to 7
inches wide; worth 25c and 20c yard. Mon-
day 12c Yard
This Week.
WE TREAT
AND CURE
Catarrh and Stomach Trou-
bles.'^" Nervous Diseases,
Kidney Diseases, Bladder
Troubles, Heart Diseases,
Diseases of the . Stomach
and Bowels, Piles, Fistula
and Rectal Diseases, Fe-
male Complaints, Diseases
of Women and Children,
Rickets. Spinal Troubles,
Skin Diseases, Deafness,
Asthma. Bronchial and
Lung Troubles. Consump-
tion in: the First Stages,
Rheumatism, Hay Fever,
Neuralgia, Hysteria, Eye
and Ear Diseases, • Goitre
or Big Neck, La Grippe,
l/ost Manhood, etc., Blood
Diseases, Private Diseases,
Scrofula, all forms of Ner-
vous and Chronic Diseases:
Consultation Free . All
Great Wash Goods Sale.
. - . .. . . . • . .. ¦ j(. ¦ . .- . > ¦.
Tfe have prepared to do a 'tremendous business this week
in our Wash Goods Department. We are going to do It bv of-
fering you the choicest and prettiest fabrics at matchless prices.
IOC Yard Belfast dimities— just closed out 300
wwt. or i« Pieces from an importer, a very sheer fabric,
w ortn zee and lee in an almost endiess variety of pretty designs
plenty of blues, pinks, lavenders and black and white- woftli
15c and 20c yard. On sale at lOc Yard
I5C Yard GRASS ¦ LINEN-IOC pieces of good wearing
_/:.,-",*, quality Grass Linen, for'sults or skirts- ex-
Wortli 2Ce and 25c ceptional value at 15 C Yard
10c Yard 10 ° p' eces new madras ginghams, s 6
Zr l^r much ln demand for waists, in pretty stripes
Worth ljic . and solid colors. In Oxblood, Green, Blue Pink
and Lavender: a great bargain at : lOc Yard
Remarkable Silk Petticoat Sale,
' i i ffc!" /\/\ We wil1 offer >' ou to-morrow the
A V" VL la llffl grandest Silk Petticoats ever shown
fa I JlTl ifll 1" San Francisco. Those who are fa-
XS.I. Kit If » \J\J miliar with our past marvelous Petti-
coat Sales will not fail to appreciate
WiRTH S8 5O this extraordinary offer. Here are
tOO of the daintiest and most luxurious Silk Petticoats that
cannot be duplicated elsewhere under $8 50: in all the new
spring colorings, such as Old Rose. Light Blue, Pink Re-
ieda. Cerise. Royal Red. Tan, Lavender and Black The
Quality of the silk is unimpeachable. No skimping of ma-
terial, no slighting of workmanship: made with a 10-inch
accordion plaited flounce, finished at the edge with dainty-
uche: In every way high class and exceptional. Remem-
ber for Monday and Tuesday only, an $S 50 skirt <£ft 00
for I <pOl__
NTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.'
The wonderful success of this expert specialty system, the highest possible skill for the least money. The test has stood
and Drs. Shores are the acknowledged leading specialists. Do not delay If you want to be cured for $5. "Why pay bit? fees
" to incompetent doctors? THOUSANDS HAVE TESTIFIED THAT DRS. SHORES' NEW TREATMENT IS THE BEST. All
diseases are Included in this low rate. THIS IS PURELY A TEST. OFFER TO PROVE TO THE PUBLIC THAT DRS
SHORES' NEW TREATMENT IS SUPERIOR TO ALL OTHERS. - • - • .
COME TO-DAY, COME MONDAY, COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK, and Drs. Shores will treat you until cured for the
. low fee of $5 a month, all medicines free. At this favorable season of the year Drs. Shores' new treatment will cure all or-
dinary cases of Catarrh and chronic diseases in one month. . * . .
NO MATTER HOW COMPLICATED YOUR CASE MAT BE. .$5 WILL PAT THE BILL FOR ONE WHOLE
MONTH OR UNTIL CURED. PROVIDED YOU APPLY. AT ONCE. CONSULTATION FREE FOR ANY DISEASE,
WHETHER YOU TAKE TREATMENT OR NOT. • , ' . !
Only Twelve Days More of th? $5.00 Pate for All Diseases, Medicines Free, Drs. Shores Will Positively
Withdraw This Low Rale June 30th, and the Price for Treatment Will Be Advanced.
Exceptional value
for these pretty Lin-
ings — 10 pieces in all.
Mercerized Moreens,
In colors of Tur-
quoise, Red. Green.
Lavender, Navy and
Black;' worth 20c yd.
For Monday,
i:c Yard.
LINING BARGAIN.
20c Moreen Linings
Monday !2c Yard.
$1.00
BUCK CHEV:OT
Monty 69c Yard.
The greatest • of
Black Goods bar-
gains, but for Mon-
day only. Secured 10
pieces at a big sacri-
.flce. Extra heavy
Cheviot, 50 inches
' wide, a dependable
wearing cloth, well
.worth $1.00 yard. For
Monday only .
69c Yard.
Great Offering in Turkish Towels.
Every good housekeeper will profit greatly by seizing to-mor-
row b opportunities. We bought over. 1200 dozen good and, heavy
threaded Turkish Towels direct from the mill at a big price con-
cession. The factory has a standard reputation for making only
tne Best qualities, guaranteed to be perfect in every way. They
will be offered to you to-morrow at Just one-third less than the
regular prices.
125C EAC v H —Turkish Towels." size 19x3S, a good' quality, sold
m^ S " i '*' regularly at 20c. Special sale t2V jC eacli
IRqC E .^ CH — Turkish Towels, size 22x46. bleached or un-
Bvr>JW bleached, a good absorbent towel; worth 22-. Special
at •"• •-•• ...........10 2-3c each
Qilr* EACH —Extra heavy Turkish" Towels. ' size 24x50 a
"**, w 4 rrand wearing quality, bleached and unbleached; good
value at 3oc. For ..• .. 24c | ach
5lftf EACH — The regular 50c quality Turkish Tow«ls siz<»
**VW 27x60. extra heavy, great value at 3»c each
and NOVELTY STRIPED CREPE ALBATROSS. QQG.
30,000 Yards All=Wool 60c Challies at LUYd!
We have just completed one of the largest transactions in our history by which we have secured
thousands of yards of this season's CHOICEST styles of FRENCH ALL-WOOL CHALLIES in solid -colors
and handsome novelty effects, and STRIPED CREPE ALBATROSS, from the largest and best-known
manufacturer in the world. The qualities are the highest order— just those so well adapted for Wrappers,
Tea Gowns or Waists, and most of them have only -been recently sold in large Eastern stores at 60c and
75c a yard. Ample provisions have been made to care for the crowds which must be attracted by this' an-
nouncement and we look for the largest trading this v week that has ever been .known. ¦ , . .
On display in our large show windows and on sale commencing to-morrow, in .our Dress QQ»
Goods Department. Your choice of the entire line Yard £u*J\j
STRIP?I1 Wnni PHA1 I IF*? We include in this extraordinary offering 20O pieces Satin
cvtdi cninm 07 vfon ' stri P ed Wo01 in the ch ° icest an * most effective de-
LA In A crilUlAL, Z/C YAKUi signs, in light and medium colorings, to be offered spe- OH-
cial at. . . Yard £ I C
. immense sale or Best 85c Colored Taffetas Monday
Ladies Hosiery ana underwear.
«, r , ' .«_• « " • when this lot is sold you cannot duplicate a ' w M M r\f -3
We announce for this week, commencing tO-mor- yard under 85c. On sale for Monday only. I JAvl ¦
row, the most notable Underwear Sale of the year. 2soo yards, extra heavy, lustrous Taffeta Silk .^^ mmm£d\J
%!?nnn umrth nf lln^Aru'Mr inrl Hnciprv rlncaA nut which our New York buyer: expressed to us .^.-.. -
512.000 worttt Ot Underwear and liosierj Closed out on Saturday and which he dosed out from a manufacturer who
from r*ew \orks largest and best known importer needed ready cash go on sale. Not a color that is demanded
who. owin* to the.continued cold weather, failed to sell *^& n 7ff£ ffi^lT-iM^«K wilft^iS^i^
as much as he anticipated and w?s forced to realize on Lipnt Blue. Old Rose. Sage, etc.- On sale for to-morrow only
his surplus stock. It was a CASH TRANSACTION. «t «;s%c yard.
and the price was ALMOST HALF. This entire stock $|,25 Bl3Ck Taffeta cL ith above we offer for Monday only,
will be offered to you at the same ratio, on sale tc-mcr- 84C Yard Ta^a^s^^ar^n^^be 26 -^.!^
row as follows: ; under U 25 a yard. To be sold C> A r>
to-morrow only, at, yard .. * OT'V*
MO dozen LADIES' REGULAR ROc NOVELTY HOSE. In '
Ftripes. figures and Polka Dots, In all the latest color- £)O/-»
ings.were selling at 50c a pair. On sale at, pair jL,%J\*
300 dozen Children's Fast Black Fine Ribbed Cotton Hose,
the regular 25c quality, extra heavy, double knees and A An
soles, sires 5 to 9. On 6al<« at, pair 1*TW
Qr> EACH- 500 dozen todies' Egyptian Cotton Vesle, lace.
*J»* trimmed necks and arm holes, in white and ecru, all sizes.
worth 15c. On sale at Oc each
]Q/-» EACH— 300 dozen Ladies' Swiss .Vests, with fancy open-
¦ C/V* work front, self-trimmed neck, all sizes: regular Value
35c. Special tale 19c each
OCn EACH —200 dozen Ladies' pure Lisle Lace Striped Vests,
finished exceptionally fine; good value at 40c. On spe-
cial sale at..., ..A 25c each
OC/> EACH — IM> dozen Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Vests,
C* *¦"*"' fancy crocheted yoke with silk tape and draw strings,
worth 60c each. On sale at 35c each
CA r EACH —100 dozen Ladles' LiMe Vests, with deep all-
*J"w over Lace Yoke, a grand garment, worth 85c. On sale
at 5Oc each
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUBLIC THE SUPERIORITY of Drs. Shores'
new treatment over that of imitations. It is
to PROTECT the sick against a class of
MEDICAL. PRETENDERS. It is to protect the
suffering people against men who charge "BIG
FEES" and ¦ in return give nothiflfe.
It is in all the most remarkable offer ever
presented to • chronic sufferers, and * thoroughly
places Drs. Shores -before the people 'as great
public benefactors, t No doctors have ever done
as much for sufferers as ; have these popular
specialists. • • ¦
\A line or tnese* if 0 // \ I
lMer\'5 firve 5t\oe5 r?// \ h
for Outings or terrST//
oeneral summer/^/ ¦ '\y<£f?i P
[wear »ft^p U
(it A1lAr^
l\ mad: in HARK , - JPJf'Xrl, '
fa TAN LtCE, oil ! ' 1' *J%cz\
j leather or cloth JB : gL
. j tops, wide, round Jr////
j toes «r. d to: ii W^aflFli
|| I A I B I r • &K ijRSts j3
Jl t-r%Lfll_o« bo! fir*§8s?3. '
I don't miss this £ E W
Jl .OX«O«D TIES, with perforated .
II r -"•/»*• v an>p aid eye! i stay,
I "i« ai f «J ate "t leather tip j.heavy .
I] edfie imni-tu-ne I «o es, coin toes
II f n 4i^ at ? ep l°»» i '"a heels. Site ? 3
II L o , 7^i w ' dth ?»Ato.i. <cedu:ed tj
Jl >I.*»D a pair. Se>d far n«« ct.aio^<e.
fi5.Kaf5c{?irisKl
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
1 10 Third St.NEW YORK, June. 15.— The Rancho del
Paso yearling sale was continued to-day
in the sales paddock at Sheepshead Bay.
The prices again ruled- high, a chestnut
filly by St. Gatien-Florette bringing the top
price of 511,500. The sales at $1000 or over
foilow: Zi
$11,500 in New York.
Kancho del Paso Filly Sells for
COLTS BBING HIGH PRICES.
The organization of the league has al
ready promoted activity in the | creation
of district clubs and Imparted vigor to
the anti-boss sentiment throughout the
city. •
There was a meeting of Republicans of
the Thirty-sixth Assembly District at
Rolander's Hall, « Twenty-eighth and
Church streets, last evening. Tempo
rary organization of a club was effected
by the election of Frank French . presi
dent, Joseph Scheerer first vice president
and M. W. Littlefield secretary. It was
resolved that the club should be free from
boss dictation and that the delegates to
the Municipal Nominating' Convention
should be selected and nominated in such
manner as shall give all sections of the
district Jus't and fair representation on
the ticket to be voted at the primary elec
tion. ¦ •
Last night the rooms of the Republican
Primary League in the Baldwin Annex
were radiant with electric lights. Many
Republicans visited headquarters during
the evening and commenced the work of
the league. The directors are engaged in
the consideration o.f plans for extending
the organization to the several Assembly
districts of the city, with a view " of
awakening public interest in the ap
proaching primary election. The league
has no candidates to favor and no fac
tional interests to protect. It welcomes
the support of all Republican citizens who
are sincere in the advocacy of clean poli
tics and good local government. A cen
tral rallying point for Republicans is es
tablished, where voters may meet and
exchange . views.-
Republican Primary League.
If Federal officeholders are wise they
will keep out of State politics. The prim
ary election law will afford citizens an
opportunity to elect delegates to the State
convention of 1902. Republicans will not
require the assistance of the railroad com
pany or the Federal brigade in selecting
delegates to nominate a State ticket.
Lj-nch cannot use . revenue department
deputies to do politics for Governor Gage
or for any one else without the fact of
such use coming to light. As a precau
tion against such interference Senators
Perkins and Bard could pass the word
along the Federal line that the Govern
ment at Washington has no candidate for
Governor of California.
It Is suspected that Lynch is taking a
hand In State politics, and using his Fed
eral position to support a movement in
favor of the renomination of. Henry T.
Gage for Governor. It is well known that
he left his post of Federal duty in this
city to personally participate in the pro
longed Senatorial contest at Sacramento.
He brought to bear all the strength at his
command to secure the election of Herrin's
candidate for United States Senator. He
went so far in his blind devotion to
boss methods, as to exhibit a paper' pur
porting to^ contain a copy of a wired mes
sage from Senator Perkins advising that
the boss candidate be supported. Lynch
knew then as he knows now that Senator
Perkins never sent the message. It is a
mystery to many why the Senator did not
take immediate steps to punish Lynch for
this offense.
Senator Bard has not yet recommended
any one for the office, but word comes
I'rorn the south that he is inclined to sup
port Postmaster Kelly of San Bernardino.
Senator White's term, and as a matter
of right Mr. Bard should make the selec
tion.
When giving assent to the proposition
that Senator Iiard should name the man.
Senator Perkins said his colleague was
entitled tofe share of the patronage that
had accumulated after the expiration of
Senator Perkins some time ago readily
agreed to Indorse the recommendation, of
Senator Bard for the Collectorship of In
ternal Revenue. Since then great political
pressure has been brought to bear on the
penlor Senator to persuade him to favor
the retention of Lynch, but there Is no
proof other than rumor that the Senator
has resolved to cancel his agreement.
State Senators S. C. Smith of Kern, A.
A- Caldtrell of San Bernardino, Charles
M. Belshaw of Contra Costa and Marln
and Thomas Flint Jr. of San Benito and
Monterey, have petitioned the California
Congressional delegation to appoint an
ants-boss Republican to succeeu John C
Lynch, Collector of United States Inter
nal Revenue for the First California Dis
trict. Day before yesterday a delegation
of Republican State Senators visited Uni
ted States Senator George C. Perkins and
discussed the subject of appointing a rep
resentative Republican to the place now
held by Lynch. The term for which Lynch
was appointed will expire within the next
two months.
no opportunity to spread the doctrine of
the glad hand, and fte has a personal pop
ularity which makes him a formidable
candidate, despite the dangerous .oppo
sition which he has engendered.
What bothers the opponents of Clark is
the twofold question, ! Who shall succeed
Colonel Wright on the political throne
an<? who shall be put up for the Republi
can nominee for Mayor to defeat Clark's
aspirations? The tight must be made at
the primaries, for Clark will seek to con
trol them. ' "
Of all the .Republicans mentioned, the
most popular has been W. E. Gerber,
cashier of the California State Bank. But
Gerber would not take the office under
any circumstances. With* Frederick Cox,
C. W. Clarke, A. Heilbron and George B.
Katzensteln he recently acquired owner
ship of the vast Earl Fruit Company, and
this, with a half dozen other interests,
now demands more time than ' he has to
give. Gerber feels more like taking a
pleasure trip abroad than engaging In pol
itics, and his refusal is decisive. Joseph
Steffens, a director in Gerber's bank, is
regarded as a possibility. He has a clean
record and few enemies. Ex-Mayor Wil
liam Land, however, will probably -be
found to b» the nominee should the Cav
anaugh-Daroux faction win out at the
primaries.
Wright's Name Is Mentioned.
Colonel Wright himself has been spoken
of as a candidate, but the friends of the
colonel assert that , he can contrive to
make a good living without asking the
people for an office, and he doesn't want
it as a mere floral tribute. ...
A Municipal League with reform." Ideas
is gaining ground and promises to figure
extensively in the approaching campaign
with candidates for Trustees and a can
didate for Mayor, who may and may not
be Clark. But Sacramento is used to be
ing bossed in the good old orthodox style
and is sighing for a leader. Colonel
Wright, sitting in the library of his brand
new Moorish residence on H street, does
not meet the popular conception. A man
must either run a saloon or have the
power of a great corporation behind him
to satisfy the local requirement. Colonel
Wright does not run a saloon, and in the
popular mind the severance of the tie that
bound the division superintendent to the
local political system is complete and per
manent. -
ANTI-BOSS REPUBLICAN IS WANTED
TO SUCCEED COLLECTOR JOHN C. LYNCH
Leaders of the State Senate Ask for the Change in a
Petition to the Congressional Delegation.
Clark Leads the Rivals.
But despite all this opposition, arising
principally from the Wright incident, and
in part from grudges which other inter
ests have against the present Mayor,
Clark seems to have considerably the best
of it for the present. The town is Re
publican by a few hundred majority, and
a Democratic Mayor has not been thought
of as a probability. Mayor Clark has lost
SACRAAIEXTO. June 15.— The retire
ment of Colonel J. B. Wright from the
post of division superintendent of tho
Southern Pacific means to Sacramento
much more than a mere change of rail
road officials. For many years past,
"Wright had been one of the local political
powers. -Since the death of Frank Rhoads
a coucle of years ago and the failure of
a new leader to succeed to and rehabili
tate that politician's prestige, Wright's
position in politics in this city and this
section had materially strengthened. He
vras at the very height of his power when
the announcement came that he had been
deposed from his place in the company's
service.
No official was too proud to visit
Colonel Wright at his depot headquarters,
and take advice from him, if not orders.
When Mayor George H. Clark a couple
of months ago made him a defendant in
the now famous oil land case and charged
him and others equally asvprominent and
powerful with fraud, the T supporters of
the Mayor deemed further political am
bition on his part absolute insanity.
But Clark is out for the nomination
again, and Wright Is shorn of his lofty
position in the railroad councils, and in
consequence of much, if not all, of his
political prestige besides. Yet everything
is not smooth sailing for Clark. There
are 3500 able bodied voters in the railroad
shops and railroad yards, and with them
as a class Wright stood and still stands
high. The large number among them who
axe stanch adherents of Wright insist
that Clark's suit against him was the im
mediate cause of his being deposed. In
consequence they have ready hammers
out for Clark. Cavanaugh and Daroux,
who were Wright's valued lieutenants in
many a political battle, also have a griev
ance against Clark, and threaten him with
defeat next fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POLITICIANS IN SACRAMENTO
BEGIN WAR FOR THE MAYORALTY
Jack Wrights Friends Are Reported to
Have Their Knives Out for Clark, and
Sensations Are Promised in the Campaign
Thistle . Club : Picnic, i
The nineteenth ; annual gathering: . of the
'. Sheep thrivt! ¦ best" in a' pasture where
moles are ; numerous."' "The 'mole holes
serve to drain the land.'" • :'> . ¦
The suit instituted by Captain "William
A." Nevills against William H. Martin aiflf
John Ballard,"in which the plaintiff seeks
to recover $500,000 damages alleged to have
¦been r sustained -through' the . operation \ of
a conspiracy to defraud him of his inter
est in the Rawhide mine, has been trans
ferred from . Tuolumne County to this city
for trial.'-- The^ case ; has . been assigned 1 to
Judge HebbaxdV v ,- : ¦
Kfevills' Suit Transferred.
Daylight Train Between • San Fran-
cisco and' Santa Barbara.
- : Southern '. Pacific daylight * dining
car; service. .Leave San Francisco 8 a. m.,
arrive Santa h Barbara '¦ 9 :25 " p. m. ; Leave
Santa- Barbara?.- 6:15 . a. . ni.,1* arrive . San
Francisco 7:30 ?). m. , Eft eptlve Sunday, the
16th inst. *.One"of the most beautiful day
light trips in the world. '
LONDON. June 15.— The British trap
shooters,- In '- recognition of ; the victory of
the American gunners In the International
contest by winning three* straight out of
the five projected. matches at 1000 targets
a side; held.. , Tuesday. Wednesday , and
Thursday last. ¦ arranged '¦ a : special • con
test for, the Americans ¦ exclusively : at
Hendon to-day. The Englishmen present
ed a valuable cup j as a trophy to tha
winner. Fred Gilbert of Spirit Lake, Iowa,
who -won the shoot-off after : a tie ¦ with
Charles W. • Budd of Des Moines, -Iowa.
The conditions were twenty-five targets
per man. 7 Gilbert and Budd * each brok»
twenty-three out - of twenty-five. - In ' the
shoot-oft Budd retired after ' breakrng
eight" out ' of twelve.-' W. v! R.~. Crosby of
O' Fallen; 111.: Richard Merrill of Milwau
kee.'R. O. > Heikes of rDayton. • Ohio, and
Chauncey - Powers of 'Decatur. ' HI., e each
broke twenty-one out.aC,twenty-av« ,t«r-
Motnes at the • Traps.
Del eats Charles W. Budd of Deis
OTT.BEKT WINS THE CUP.
WARSHIPS' CHEWS. ABB • -
TO RACE IN BABGES
Special Match. Arranged Between
Sailors on the Battleships Wis- -
cousin • and Iowa. • ¦ ? -
• Officers and men' alike who are stationed
on the battleships Wisconsin, Iowa and
Oregon are looking forward to ] a barge
race which is scheduled to be held.to-mor
row afternoon. Crews from the Iowa and
Wisconsin have been matched .to fcom
pete for" the championship of the navy,
and^bettlnsr on,- the ,* result ' is ; extremely
lively. It is expected that the "Wisconsin
will return from her trial trip to-day , s and
]f she does preparations will be made for
the contest. * _ .
For the last few years the barge crew
on the Iowa has held the championship
in this event. Last year Its members com
peted with ; a^ dozen ' crews of 'battleships
and cruisers . stationed in New York | har
bor and defeated all comers. •/ The Wiscon-'
sin sailors ¦ have ¦ lane t striven to '. brine a
.¦¦¦¦ The- twelve-bird . race I is preliminary to
the open club contest to be held on'July 4.
.Society graced .'a; pigeon shoot at Bur
lingame yesterday.; Three scions of ano :
ble house' lent their, presence '! at \ the con
test. -High scores, were the exception and
not the rule.' T." A. Drlscoll,'' polo player
and all-round sportsman, carried .off* the
palm by, grassing v eleven out .of "- twelve
birds^ ' 'i '. ¦¦: ¦..'•'^ -¦•'. - ¦• •. "Y : '•
*VV. B. Tubbs was next with 9. out of 12.
The • other^scores were/. Prince ¦ Poniatow
skl 8, F. W. Tallant 8, Mr. Fassy 5..W. B.
Bourne* 5 and ,the Princes 'de.-Broglle ,4
each.;: '.-'v '¦¦¦.•:•¦'/' '. ¦ - -"?.?•'; ¦'/.'\*v'. -•¦V. ':".-¦ -'¦''¦':
Memb ers of , the Burlingame
; •¦¦.:"¦"'¦: " /-Club.!/':.',/' : r
Scions of a Noble House Contest Witli
THBEE PRINCrES TAKE
PAiRT TSt A PIGEON SHOOT
Scottish Thistle Club at Shell Mound Park
July, 4 promises to be a grrand affair. Spe
cial attention -has been paid to the games)
and sports ? part of the celebration and a
list has • been ¦¦'-¦ prepared embracing field
and - track' events of every description.
Valuable i prizes will be given the winners
of the different events. : Lovers ¦ of danc
ing 'will have ample opportunity to show
their skill;'; as both pavilions will be i open
day and f nisht.' . A; grand, exhibition of
fireworks .will ¦• wind 'up ~. the , day's ; festivi
ties. v&agMaManaMiM&HHtt£nns9f
victory, to the new, battleship and have
trained for the last few weeks with that
end in view. A challenge was sent to the
Iowa crew arid It was eagerly, accepted. ;
The Wisconsin men believe thay have
the best barge In the service and they feel
that coupled with brawn and a determina
tion ¦ to win * they stand a good chance i of
achieving a victory. The race will be lor
$10 an oar, and as there are fourteen oars
In a barge the stake will amount to $140.
No matter" which ship wins, the losers
will be pinched for money until next pay
day, as the betting, is heavy. '.. - --- < • \
¦THB-^SAN r FRANCISCO: CALL,! SUND AY, 16, 1901^
Ch. t.. by St. Gatien-Florette. H. T. Oxnard,
$11,500: b. c. by Indie-Flora Hurst. T. "Welsh,
J2500; b. c. by Maxtmo-Gazalia, J. B. Lelr
man, $1400; b. f.. by St. Andrew-Glad Eyes, J.
Baker, $1100; b. t, by St.^ Gatten-Glimmer
Gla*s, Sydney Pa^et. $1000; b. c. by Star
Ruby-Hanna, J. P. Cluerin. S66OO; - b. c. by
Sir Modred-Duchees of Kendal. J. J. McCaf
ferty, 13000; b. f., by July, or Watercress-
Duchess of Towers. J. H. Cluerin, $1600; b. c,
by Andrew-Jube. J. J. McCaffertx, $2500; b. c,
by St. Andrew-La Favorlta, P. Uanne, $1750.
17
ADVEBTISETYTRTna.
FREE TO WEAK MEN.
A New and Successful Method
of Restoring Weakened Phys-
ical Powers, Curing Sexual
Weakness, Nerve Exhaustion
and Lost Vitality.
The Prescription Is Sent Free to Any-
one Who Writes.
A new scientific means of curing weaknesses
cf men and diseases peculiar to the Eex has
at last been discovered, and the prescription
Is being offered free to all who eend name and
address.
Dr. V. G. LJpes, 1135 Stevenson building.
Indianapolis, Ind., Is the discoverer of this
remarkable new eygtem of treatment, and he
eays there Is now no difficulty in curing the
worst cases which may arise from diseases of
this nature.
The Doctor has made a Ions study of Sexual
Pisorders and he claims to have found the
exact medicine which removes all traces of
debilitating disease from the human system,
restores the fire and buoyancy of youth, and
euppHea the strength of body and nerves that
all wish for but so few possess. Impotency,
nightly emissions, varicocele, nervousness and
kindred troubles disappear in a rnarvelously
ehort cpace of time, while any weakened or
ernaclated organs are restored In a. very few
days to their natural size and vigor.
When yon 6top to consider the possibilities
of lovine and belne loved as only strong, well
and happy men can be It does seem that any
.sexually weak man should no longer hesitate,
but write at once for the receipt which costs
absolutely nothing. There are no restrictions
¦whatever, as Dr. Llpes is anxious that every
afflicted man who needs it should have the
benefit of one of his free prescriptions with-
out delay. The treatment can be used in the
pri%-acy of your own borne without the knowl-
edge of even your most intimate friend or as-
E ociate.
Write to-day and learn that while the re-
ceipt costs you nothing at all. It may change
your whole existence from one of misery to
a. continuous life of pleasure and happiness.
DR. NG TOY KEE.
. ; -> SAN FRAXCISCO, Cal..
/T Oct. 25. 1S00.— DR. NG TOT
K ' ' I KEE, 210 Stockton St.—
bHjk. I Dear Sir: I have been
WT JB treated by other doctors for
y. —^ V xny stomach troubles, and
jf all have failed, but I fin-
jtr~\£&^ \ \~ ally called on you, and you,
Cyri-Jb. ' with your skillful treat-
jg?I?>^-- i J»'&£d3 ment, have cured me. I
jdriSi • JeHSb^WV *>*¦! better now than I have
-or years, and I will sladly
recommend you to any one.
m a*B*< er Tours truly.
C. H. COWCAT,
Brooklyn Hotel. San Francisco, CaL
DDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
O ii U O li El k^ *", bootblacks, bath-
UiLUWUMW^ billiard tablet,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canneni.
dyera. flourmills. foundries, laundries. P»P«>
fciLngers. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ese.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Weak Men and Women
SHOTJtJ> USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; rive» health and
¦trenstn to eexu&l organs. Depot, 223 Market.
NEW AD^VEBTISEMENTS.
."Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect." Kill the germ that causes dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness, you ¦will
have no more dandruff "and your balr
must grow luxuriantly. Herpicide . not
only contains the dandruff germ ! de-
stroyer, but It Is also a most delightful
nair dressing for regular toilet use. No
other hair preparation Is on this scientific
basis of destroying the dandruff germ, and
none. other claims to be, for the simple
reason that It Is only recently that a de-
stroyer of the germ has been discovered—
Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair -prepa-
ration that actually kills dandruff, - • ?
Germ Be Eradicated.
It Is Necessary ' That the Dandruff
TO CUBE DANDBUFF.
"• THE EMPOKTrjII. I • 7 ' THE EMPORITnir. | : THE EMPORITTBI. " | THE EMPORItrM. I JTHB EMPORIUM. ,
| $1 Curtains 67c. 12 lc Cigars 1Oc. omHK EiAIUVH^BH I A B Cigars 25c. 75c Skins 41c. |
Mus in Curta-ns ao inches w'dr , vards Thc I2 K C sizeJ : Princi P e d « Ga'-«, Vail- fHv ¦"R8 PHtfl H I I3i4@ Any cf th " e wel '- kncwn 5= brancs— 500 Colored Sheep Skins for burn-nj, ia *{
Alu.in Curtans, 40 inches w O, 3 jards Sanch-z & Haya, Humbo'.dts. Bel- M ¦¦. L|TI*r V|%|| iffli Jackson Square, Figaros, Renown, K : ng . „ „_; ; . . . , *, "5
lo-g, wih- 3 #inch .uffl Ci just the mont8 , General A.thur, Castcllanrs, fl HB^* AI%«8 i * Pfffi V, Sandow, Ei'Merlto, John H.nry, afc ° Ut IO rcrene ' hadtS; MS » 5
thing for' cottage bedro:nr, etc.; sp> Commonwra th and E Ro:ado, $9.00 ' ~ 4£oficteH?fcllle ftaZAAPi 7 Nathan Ha e, George W. Childs, Lil- P wfect skms i regularly 75c— Monday Jf
cial Monday only, pa>. . ;.'. qj^ P« hundred- each. .....;, y^ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST *STORE- 256 C |
V***9 V&GmWwJV*** K.WS§ "This is the most 'interesting siora i have Tnmm&U Mat &d/G 5
¦ Oi*GSSGS S14f"mSO CV3r Visitetf," was the comment made by a lady who came here from BUig%o%fisM\M £»**## TfffACf/'Sl/ 5
; ' ¦ ZL . ufwu Washington with the Presidential party. -There~aresD : many odd things to see iriW "»* f J ™ W ' U .****.M**JT m - *
&£&* ¦ T hiS haS been One Ot I 113 & eSt here that we d:n't see in the stores at home," she continued. Her remarks What We ¦ J&Sffzfc i^Phi^Sfo. *
Sjng sales we have ever had. More suggested the thought: Do the thousands of pecpk'. who com: here daiy see have not mark- y^^WkjjT tfSMsnf^ *
' A " %£ and eVen better valueS have been onc-haf of the beauties, the odditits, the conveniences, the economies of this e'd down We &jQ&k^ ]&*£&**& S
; jMk added to the lots, and now you get not only latial sh ; ng place? :.:. .. .- ¦ - ¦ ¦ ;. :". ; : \ ¦'.; , W| have made Up &&.££& *
» ffiBM\ *<= choicest . and most swagger styles, , but the r . .¦;. r -¦; -..-.-_ ...:•:.." .-.} A^:'i\ ' \ •/ -£.-• -£ ¦• in ¦ O U T OWn 1 ¦*^T^- S& -*'
• tR^T lowest price for such qua ities, ever shown on \ J^£9l#JR UfafUFAT €i? .Old #•____ 1 OUT O u \j\^ \"* W •
- Ml ; the coast. Just think, newest gray and tin IM CM W *7 JfC^Gf €»CrG?H , WOrkrOOm, |S^ " JtM<£ 5
'. *A>^ ?-[ Apaca Tai'or; Eton Dresse;/ some with lace Th? Trunk that is bu^lt like a bureau ? 'The Model of th: Warshi? Sin Francisco ?! an d Special .. ¦ ¦ , , \j
' -lZI' i Vcollars- like picture, choicest^ fancy vest eff.cts, Th«= WonderfUl wrUng of the Chinese card- • The Soldalc — th»c wonderful enlorg -r of PHCeS have teen marked On all. The J
¦ ' ' TrtL/v \ * n c^ otn re -" ses » ' n S ra y» tan, brown, gre:n, wrter ? ;_ . i. - picfuris? ( /. ;; r styles are the best only, the materials all of the best posa- 5
I V "' nay y aB d'"blac'Ai in .broadcloth, in -The lady from British India who mikes .u:h Tne Tel -phone Girls in the I ig store's "Cen- ble, the making our making — and that 13 linequaled. The j|
[' fwvA .Venetian, in homespun, incheviotV perfect Curry and Rice? • ' ' trai" effi.e ? trimmings a : c plentiful and fine— and altogether this will be /:, JJ
' \\ andal the ma trials are a 1 wo oil The D.-corative Swords made of, Chinese The "Dress . Shie'dj that don'thave to bs st Millinery bargain feast of the season. __ 5
I • • \\\ B.stlinings, best makings and high- Coins? ; .,.;, .. . : ¦ ttw^ ln ? - .. ¦/ , -_ .-" ; ;. ; . \t^ n \ $.i.oo White- Leghorns (children's) cut to. ....... lOo S
L /^^-F-tTV esttn'oring, alines, sale lasts.only The lady $ i. oo^ White Leghorns, (ladies'), cut to. ......... .50o %
3 /I"--- } \\V and Tuesday. Regu'arly w.th a harmless preparafon F : v. . ; The Emergency , Hosp:tU a.d . Children . $I ;- O p ancy St raw Hats (children* s)/ cut to. ...".. 75o 1
;' / 4 h \ \\\ ',--,« ' *¦,% en ' 'tf'-i'r-' tnwial nri-^ The man who makes Burnt Ltath r Novel- WLreryr . *c t- ¦ j u /I J- »\ »» A4 7 'jmm 45
• // I VwiN^ ' '* S $ 5> P 4 P &•?¦ • • :¦¦¦•.. -The Charming Exhibit in Pluto Studi,? $6.oo Trimmed Hats (ladies'), cut to. $3.45 *
I i \'\ 4H4.SO And a thousand and cne oth:r curous and btere ting things? $6. 5 O Trimmed Bonnets (ladies'), cut to .$3.45 5
¦ *. >P* rr " i r"- • . $ 8 - oo Trimmed Hats (ladies'), cut to.... ....$4.45 j
: Great Sale Seme jUnmaichabie ¦ Rare Offerings in $1 Gloves 78c f
i Fancy Silks. Values in Notion Domestic Department. Monday Only. I
\ 3 500 yards ofrich h"gh grade fancy silk, DGBdscSrt&WSenta Special Sals Tablj Cloths— Very heavy German damask, all white, Women's strong flexible Glace Kid GlorcS °*
[ . consisting of printed; warp Louisne, ' f v' - ' I SS£i;'. '¦ , u - % b^ ered and trmged all around pure flax fine satin weave, 3 yards v/ith atent fa5teners „«! cnbroMered 1
K," and Tafieta, plain and. fancy: Stripe ¦ Many the Kerns rr.ent.oned.be ow are extra spec al barges secured lo^a $2.75 va.u I; on Monday enly, each AJ.QB ! acks, ' in such ¦ popuar coloring, « oxblood,, 5
[, ' -p»K« :,Jac q uard faricy'strip. = Taffeta em- bxo^^buy|^^anous ¦^'^h^^6^{^i^K^i^^£S&S^ trown, tan, modes, reds and white, either cable *
" iroideredM.k flannel, and a few odd pieces SpCCZl Sale DrOSS £fnfffias-Black Moire Skirt K napkinsof fi^ Ir ; 8 h linen, 22 inch=s E^ar:, patteins \^« or plqae «wn, regularly «i a pair, *
» ot checked Taffeta and black f-ncy silk, Lining with a to id narrow strip;; in tour shadings, blue, crrrsc, pur,>Ie n - at an d ces"ra/e- a |- 00 va'.ue Monday onlv per do Z $1.48 a rare bargain for Monday only... #O(7 *
[¦ teins: mostj. this season's .manufacture all — : "¦ *
> good stylish colorings lor .street or evening Monday only .......:....... .... .... B*G r goo i si.kolin:, closely tufted with wool, bcrJeri stitched nratly, filled — - - #¦«-•» *M-* L M
I wear, uUu that are sold regularly for $1^5, Sa / 0 o f Sowing Silk— 1 5<> large spools black Sewing Si^ with sanitary white cotton and worth\«i. 50' each; 10 - * m # _ TitiS UaH ' BathtUO " X
, $1^.50, f I.75, fz.co per yard; jtSg% best quality, (may have a few joinings on each spool as they ar; doz;n on special s ih Monday on".y at . Cao^ Afl/I "'
onVcia'sae Monday only... * %*%* marked factory ends); but the silk is the best quality and in 'o«*» Sptc'al Sale Marseille J Spreads— A lot of 5 tasrs that we have jutt -. «W« O»»t» • J
? ' — — — . no way damaged, special sals price Monday only; spool.".. . e'eaned up, fine Marseilles spr. a 's, worth rrgu'ariy $z. 00, som: Made of oak with extension re«s, adjustable to Jf
'• i*h3fgfB»£*n i 'c ls»£*lf£*f<£ 2OC HOSO Supporters 14C— Frilled, elastic side Hose slightly toiled in handl:n 3 ; the entire .'o: priced for to- - o fi t any „ tab, X
k %Mltta UM &IM .9 WtfirllVIS Supporteri, button c"asp; pink, blue, cardinal, b!ack, mjm morrow, each.. ....... . /%P^~~~ T"^A eithcr P 0^ 6 - jf
* . SiWiti DfGSSGS > ellow or Jayender, rsgular'y aoc pair, special Monday only., t^rfi Undressed Sheeting — 72 inche3 wile, unbleacheH, good _' v»^^^ ' * lTi or * iaC «*
f Handsom- 'ervice- Sate Of Df OSS Bindings-loo doz.n pieces of 4 yard , qaaUt,, >^d.. ..._........ ... I5C £K>4%. ffi} 11^**'*!? 5
\ • f£l .dren, 6 at>lowest P osible qua «y^tl. 2 oc p 1C ce; sale pnee Monday . ... WC $£^1^^^ "**G£^%F '%\^££ '£> 3
i 1lX*Si*r^ :' F«C-«- Ycu c ' nnot SalO Of Skirt Facmg-4* dozen yaid* fancy plad Dress . yard - r, * * , fc ' t 7 S C ' ' X marring of %
\ SSJMI dupicate the cloth, cut- Facing; 3^ inches wide; in aborted colors; sale prici per f Tab|e Di^kllB^ckd," 6*' r in^«"wW/^\"^tt:™ > " - — " ' the tubs; this artclc is. sold by plumbers* 5
* 4&&M&X . ing, making and tr;m- yard... •••••• ••••••• ••••• _ 2 W - yard: . ] ........ i .....;..... ."'-. ....;. ...#OC ? supply housrs for $2.00— our spe- oo %
( S^^^^sl ' 5ng for tIlC P riccs asked. 25y ComhS fSO— Side and Bac'c Comb'sof Eh:ll, in a large Wrapper FIannelctt:s— A very fair quality, dark, colors, m^ g . cial price for Monday only <£<§C J»
i n|f Jj£S3!& AI1 woot covert k°* variety of the newest patterns; 300 in this lot; regularly 25c m+% yard.. „..!.. ......;. '". ..... "llC — — ¦ ' &
!" Jacket, finely tailored, each; "special Monday on'y M€§C Whit: Organdy— Fine and sheer, special' value," yard.".".".'.'.".". mr% . »- » ¦ .. -
* ¦'¦3^^Sk pMrl button . s ' fims . hed Ne.-dles-Milward's, paper... Jo Darning Cctton-3 " balls. V. 5o .V.. .-...'..A ...:......•.. -.1. .....::. lUC LatliCS' NeCifWGar. X
I ¦ mm^'^^+Z One^hiraCW |
I «"$3.25 tt ZJ!^^ n *:.™st Kid'cur^^en::::::^ 30c Regular Prices. *
t ¦' ¦' I r Fine aU-wool covert Half Sleeves— rubber cloth.. 25C Corset Hooks— large, each. . .2C White Go odi— Fancy openwork, very pretty, yard. ...:..;.. 6a Monday only we off.r more than xooo J5
j» ' -\ . doub " e " J rcas^ .. b ° x Pczther Stilched Braids— white Pompadour Hair Rolls— 12-inch ............ ...i .:..... .^. ....:.....:.......... MUC pieces ofthis season's choicrstnoveldes in Ladies* jc
If v ~"~" Jackets, tuU tlilx. lined, and colon, ¦ 6 yard piece .. f^© 15c Double. Bed Sheets— 8 1 inches wide, good qua'ity, each » 4^ / Neckwear, sma'l quantities of many sty.'ej left J?
i ~~*T .'.-¦• stitched edges and bot- Hair Retainers— 20th Century... Kern's Shoulder Braces and Ho.e ....... ...:.....:........'........... &^ 2 C over /rom a big season's selling— Jacoa, stock
. torn, flap pocket?, s zes for *»{•- fttj ' . 25O Supporrer combined,, sizes 2 to ~: ' • ¦ f . coL'ars, sca:fs in endless variety. To-morrow,. Jf
f a§es6to 12,'ipicial a:.... &99.W Hat (Anchor) Fasten-rs, pair /5o 12 years, pair. ........ 25o -¦ ~Zm ~ Monday, one day only, OnO'iMrd Off !*
t imported all-wool covert full box back Jacktts, Tomato Pin Cushions 5c Corduroy Dress Bindings— yard flTjrj B*B*B¥MMB*ff* mw^ fl}£lW*B'%g*'tfn^~ regular priceSm «J
%' all silk i:n=d, Jarge pearl buttons, ve.-' Linen Thread— 200 yard. . 7K© ?.\ 5C * *** MBM**** *? — UfCMI fj*?*&— Neckwear. • ..'....... 33 O X
k» vet colUr, ages 6 to 12, aa Initials— all letters, large and small, Dress Shields— On and OJ, pair Ail«a##ffnM ' 7 « Neckwear. 5Oc X
J special at &O.UU jdozen.. .:.... ...5O V. T. 25C ' fr#«fifffl^ liioo Neckwtar.;;.. ..'l.'Sfio 5
I i^^>Jv^>^ ' At Sped*! Reduced Prices} : J^S^^lp^gS 5
*; Wash Chambiay Drcss:s— Em- UFlll76f7&9««« Mm 9 %MUO"9mmm Lsrgc shipments of this class of goods have been arriving $2.00 Neckwear. / 2>1.33 •*
I broidery trimmed sizes 6 to 14^ M.S. * <-¦¦' .yg%^±-±s£s**m*M*- during the past two weeks: A very handsome and a very »*. 5 6 Neckwear.-.;.....;.. ¦.'..'. St. 67 ,$
i Sc^de^med D^cTo m : si.so v Previsions ; ; :
f Wa h Crash Sailor Suiu— Many At EtTI]JOrium Cut PHCQSa Wc quote below; 1 4 of, our specia ly reduced prices for j 4.00 Neckwear........ $2,66 «5
\ iiyla..:... ...........-' w**~** ' . . Monday and the week: • . * '•
I Fine Linen Suits — Ag « B£% Best Eastern Ha^-Sugar cureJ, on special sale Monday f « } • , -¦ ¦ . *
|| KH l... :.:..:...... S2.SO qsBSt§X^M} 1 VI , \ B ' c y° fe P"">PS. . I
J - ~ ~ ~ ~ i Lunch Tongues — In tins, rcgu'arly 30c each, Monday* :jl Wll special price. .....;.........;.....;........... . . .Q8g mb« We offer two itykt co Monday jj
' $ 1 HattttttOGtCS 78C 0I^f • ; . . . . . ZS O 1 /.^SjL' l^\ Linen Warp Matt'ngs — Handsome patterns and "coloring?, 30c quality, od1 J at a thrd w more leM thvx X
r %^>^ davonly 78S £J Jar to Germea, regulary a packages 2 ;c, f^^^m^Sa » y ' !' r r"' ' ; * ; "" ¦ • 30o Hf ' and hardwood handle, uze - J
J& to-morrow 4 packages .!.25ct^S^P^H ««fl[S-Gooi quality of Smyrna rug«, size 60x30 inches. irinRed , / of barrel 12*1^ hches on J
¦a \VVV-2u*VV //fir r.. r> <J? ,. Z ",' • KSCj^-^-r/ft'j?^ 215^ both tnds and reversible, our SDJcial price, each Si. 25 /I Monday onlv, J«
tf R.ce-Best Carohna head nee, 3 »•:**© £Sg—^g||&J Golden Oak Bedroom S«t 7 pieces, bed, bur,au with bevfed pale . WL-^ <**.:.. 32C 3»
|C SB =°'*S^^ Sul'ana Raisins— The ben, 2 Ib3... 25G U±jJ2jP^^^ " =S=S^ gass mirror, .washstand, 2 chairs, 1, rocker and a table, regular price • J_ The Giant Pocket Foo: «J
Good Table Syrup— 1 gallon tins... 45c special this week $21.75 /pf^s. .Pump— simple, com- [%
$ ' Scda Crackers— Fresh and crisp, i-S boxes, regularly 4S c, Mondav . . . . Gc J den Oak Sideboard— With a French' pla-e mirror, swell front ZL^pS^^^ "fL P° woful » 5
jf . - ¦ '• 6 . 3 35c " drawcrs » 8 P eclal thls week .$13-75 yt^ 0^ -^ =si =r-=T^ can be folded up and j»
S SSiC Of TrUnkS. , "",*j V j' ','. ' '„' ","A\- I • •"•"•¦'*«— Folding Tables— Made so as to fold in a sma 1 package, worth $?. co, carried in tco! tag or pocket, made of seam- "5
tf -LX^' TbTcTnva, P Sardmes-DiudicoUe & Gaud:n, v^ry choice, 2 ttns. .25C specitl price.. ;......................../... .V... .,$2.00 I«s brass tubing, nickel-pktcd, regularly jj
f co eredtr k Sardines in Must: rd— Underwood's, a large tins .25o Oak Rocker; — Upholstered with a fine quality ' of velour \. or le ther, 65c each, special Monday on'y jm**"- 5
% wihAsIatson Jsms cr Je!ly-N=w, in glafses, each IOC A " onh . Jj- 05 - '¦•pecial $3.OO ....: •• '. *+2G *
K E^^^*H^Ji t0 P a " d * aI1 BaSS' Imported Aie-Q^rt bottles, that retail usua'lv at Offl " Desk-Lug,, commodious high-ro 1 office j»ejk,' 4 feet 6 inches >
I r^l.r'a.tuV^r^fr,^ Men's Furnishings. . Vacation Shoes. ' The Six Best .|
\ °X^^Z"^™~ HiBhHov %!£ a at G - O3e r^mW^W^fM^i Selling Books \ Of Interest to 3
30-inch sue, regu:ariy< 4 -7S, <<«... $3 95 ° ' . ' \4 Kd; ,3 inches in height, Cf ttlQ MOttthm PJlOtOtiraPherS. 3«
K 32-inch swe, regularly $5.25, for.... $4 35 Croats for Men and Women— Chevct and .1 ;«tf . w th hojks, n:w mode n tos, ... p . ,.V , t i : - • *« on * T *» •-#•:¦¦«'• tmm
34-inch tize, regu'arly $$. 75, for.. ..$4-. 75 madras, s'.jipes, plain co'ored and whites, a \ ;J "'medium weight, extension rut sned at Jl.p, our price, $1,2U Buy your child a Brownie Camera— it will take S
If 3 6-inch size, regu'arly $6. 25, for. . .$5.2O handsomeline just receive!, marked — g%' \ 'U ' £o1 '- ; '• • "'• • • *m W '0% "^ ne Crisis" — By Winstm Church! 1, author a good picture, and can te operated at small {5
It 38-inch size, regularly 36.75, for. . #5j65 to sel1 at. ... . . . . ....... Q9MC - \ }m . . . . . ". . ....* 93.5O ofR^hard Carvel. expsnte. Brownie Cameras cost. . 1 QQo jt
tf G'ub Bigs—^Imitation alligator, with Men's Summer Balbriggan Underwear— In \ j*j Ladies' Lzce ih)e?—Vici Kid, "The Helmet of N:varre"— A ; fascinating" Brownie Finder*. 25o; and Brownie Films,
tf bras catches and slicing locks, linen lined, blue, flesh color and 1 lack ribbed garments ¦/', i«J^_ with kid or cloth tops, patent . stor/ by Bertha Run ih. . roll of 6 exposurss ....ISO %
tf with pocket inside,. 1 4-inch sire... $1. SO of good quality that will fit wrll, -^ ' : . "gg^ ;^ta hfr_ tip, •' nr.eium flexible «Q u j nC y Adams Sawyer"— The best New Eastman Kodaks at all prices from $4L.OO -*
V DreSS Suit Gases — Very, light ' «ch........ ...: OUG pS. ' "*' &1 98 • En P andttor y, cvcrwrtt:n -/ " -.to $28.00, and our expmwil give you j
If weight, olive colored, linen covered, good One-Piece Baihing Suits — BIu; ' ***% *' fV^ .'/o :^\' fe^ the most thorough instractions as to their use. X
K brass lock and catches, leather corners, 4 crtlack cotton .. r . ......... &1.UU SX wt- w '""" ¦¦" lo Y« We chawctrr. - : . The New No. 3 Folding Pccket Kodak makes *
ij&s^mmMi Siiifilii^ ttHiiSS^i mw^&*°9, i
llf" ::^pfe WwM^KSM iSEmMMSms »<±^^^%^j±z%\
I How Curry Is Prepared ftSSS^'" MM£MM $147 W^$ i^?*M ' ~VS£-£-**:£\S£ |
I ¦¦ : In British India. ' ...:..:..:..:¦¦.:. 23o ¦» susi Red'kiJi.'cV-'sh.eV-FoVm-iKi ,»j Th*- ; Dr " ¥™.™'»» f » .«. ° •- »d pht. w e ;i.,« ¦«-¦ J
tl : _ . . .. t .x. uj r n *i.i * xr v 9a.w K" WO L.te MO-M msM iM^ni- everybody. pubKhid at $2.50, big __ hrged our dark room and customers m in- If
J Few AmineajM have »njr idea ot the proper Madras Golf Shirt' — New pjtcerns and co ors, . dren, the late t style for eummrr wear, hand- store's pri-e for Monday on y "79O 'ted to use it tree of cbarce Jf
I zr^^z^^£;M^.fg ¦m^.^m u 5li5g- :^ j^m^^-
R day evening?, at the Cahforna Packing Com- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ~ - . * a> -.^ v- ••••• yy--^*^^ j , 8xio mounted '...gQo Unmopnted.;..^Oo C
pany'8 exhibit of Pickles and Relishes, in the . ..•¦. - " '¦ '¦ . - . - • _• „¦¦¦•¦ - _ - ~~ : , - .. - . ¦¦ ••• ~~^Z~~~'- * .-,-¦* - ¦ . -I I ox 12 mounted. .. 75O Unmounted 65 V! 5f
tf mainai^le opposite Grocery Dpirtment a lady . QliV FireWOrliS GataiCffUB fCT 1901 Will ' bt ISSUed edrfv tlllS Week. »»M counted J/.OO Unmounted .-. 80©" J
%¦ who has lived many years in Bn.ish. India will T .. 7 . y - ... , -. , , ¦¦- , - «» ¦¦-, , - . ,- ¦ ••¦-,, • ,. . ... - , :. , _. . .- 14x17 mounted $1 25 Unmounted. $1,15 -5
$ demontrate how this famous diah is made, from Will be mailed free to any outrOMown address upon application to the Emporium Otfail 1 6xW mounts $i.so unmounted $1.40 £
pure Madras Curry, r «or an officer's : mea or Q r< x er Department. It ccntaitis 'a complete list of fireworks for home displayiand-hnvate is»* ««»n»j jj.oo unmounted *i*75 *
If potintatcs repast m Hindostan. Don't fail to 1 • 1 >i r . \. -. - . J . ':•'¦"¦ ¦> ¦ a«*7 mounted $2*59 Unmona'ti $2t 25 &
• visit this interesting exhibit and get recipe. \ CXnlUllS. „ '; ; .: " •"'¦" ' -. - .. . ' -. z&S 0 tponn'.ei $3mOO Unmounted $2m75 jSTHE SW FR^NjGISGO GALL
JDHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. :' , ' ¦ ' Address Cbmmuhications-to^W.-'S./LEAK^Wrrtger
SUNDAY ..............;..... ..;;.. ....:.. 1 : : . .; ;: :V.; I .• 1 . : ;;?. ........ ........... ;. . . . . ......... JUNE 16, ioqi
Publication Office ............:.......: <^^^^^* •••••• ....•••••••••• •• Market and Third, S.'-F.
RENAISSANCE IN GRAND OPERA
With Brief Account of a Success,
A FAILURE AND SOME PROMISES.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Grand Celebration at Los Gatos.
The Bunker Hill Association of Sanl
Francisco will celebrate the anniversary
of the famous battle at Bunker Hin Park.
Los Gatos. to-morrow. The California.
Pioneers and Sons of the American Revo
lution will unite with the Bunker Hill
associations of San Francisco and Oak
land . In the celebration. A special train
will leave Third and Townsend streets at
5:15 a. m. ' . . t*-
the Tlvoll on the occasion referred to ana
Stevens' personation was a wholly re
markable performance! His Marqul*
Imarl in "The Geisha." at opposite pole3
of his art, 'was also a brilliant piece of
characterization, and he Is . now to the
fore with a short tragedy, which received
Instant and enthusiastic recognition on
its presentation at the Public Gambol of
the Iamb's Club. Mr. Stevens is now
with the Empire Stock Theater under the
appreciative management of Charles
Frohman.
• • •
The following letter which I received In
answer to Mrs. Alma Webster-Powell's
plaint against operatic conditions in Ger
many will be of interest:
. I SAX FRANCISCO.
-Pear Madam: The article by Mrs. Alma
Webster- Powell published In your column of
last Sunday should, certainly be of great value
to vocal students of this country. "While read-
Ing it I asked, myself, "What lesson will they
learn from it? Will they soon begin to real
ize that It will be to their and their country's
advantage to keep the 'bank book' they have
to have abroad In thi3 country?"
" Apropos of bank book, why should musicians
take exception to the necessity of money in
building- up tbelr particular business? May
not this prevailing idea of the musician fur
nish a clue to the freauent lmoosition of the
public In expecting professional musical ser
vices free of charge? I see that our Ebell So
ciety has even as one of Its by-laws that "no
talent contributing to their entertainment*
shall be raid!" .
What business or profession does not need!
money In order to make money?
And ir> reference to Mrs. Powell's condemna
tion of AVagnerian music as a voice-destroyer.
Mrs. Powell, whom I know personally, has a
high colorature voice.' She sings, for exam
ple, the part of the Queen of the Night in the
"Magic Flute." in its original key, a feat sel
dom attempted by the ordinary high sopra
nos, an F above high C being demanded. la
it not quite natural that such an exceptionally
high voice should not find its proper domain in
the roles of "Wagner's operas, which are all
written for the dramatic and not the lyrlo
soprano?
But had Mrs. Powell the necessary quality
of voice for the master's music she would mako
an excellent Wagnerian singer, like, for in
stance, Lllli Lehmann. wliom she herself ad
mires so much, though t.. Lehmann has
been a' Wagnerian singer and before the pub
lic for more than a quarter -of a century.
One must have the technique in order to sing
roles like the Queen of the Nifiht. while, un
fortunately, singers with no method can
"scream" a couple cf yeara at Wagner.
But because these proverbial "fools rush in,"
and even though they be in the majority,
should we therefore condemn work of the mas
ter? Are not his scores filled with annotations
of piano passages? And does he not continu
ally warn by these annotations against that
abominable shouting? Has he not laid tha
orchestra underzround. I so that the human
voice should be carried as on waves of the
musical »?a, not that it should howl in com
petition with an orchestral storm?
Anton Seidl Is an article on "Conducting"
says: ' /
Another thing: do not let your singers scream.
This everlasting forcing of the voice seems to
have become almost the second nature of Ger
man singers. "We scarcely ever hear on tho
stage nowadays, "Bllck Ich nmher in diesem
edlen Kreise," In a dreamy, restrained tone, or
a poetically ethereal, "O Du, mein holder
Abendstern!" or a whispered "Lass leh's ver
lauten toes' Ich dann nlcht meines "Wlllens halt
enden Haft <"Wotan)7" or a playful. "Du hoerst
nlcht drauf? So aprich doch Jetzt, hast mlr"B Ja"
selbst (n den Kopf gesetztl" murmured into the
ear of Eva. All this is sunir with full voice,
as if the purpose were to sing everybody elso
to deaths Listen to the representatives of Wo
tan if you would hear how they Ignore Wag
ner's frequent injunction, "to be suns in. an
almost totally suppressed tone." or to the
Walther von Stolzlnss. and hear them scream
the wondrous passages in the prize song, "Dort
unter einem Wunderbaum," or "Dort unter
elnetn Lorbeerbaum." which are marked "as If
in complete ecstasy" end "piano." Nor does
it occur to them to retard^the tempo a trifle.
Everything Is sung as if it were made over
one and the same last. Moreover, our Brun
hildes utilize the passage. ""War es so schmaeh
lich was Ich verbracht?" for exhibtlon pur
poses, as If to rebuke, as early as possible,
Wagner's Injunction, • "to .be begun timidly."
The manner in which the scene of the Nornlf
13 given, if at all, is simply laughable end
scandalous. Similar offenses against < Wagner
might be adduced by the bookTul. So far Anton
Seidl, who certainly knew his Wagner and.
every musical and dramatic Intention of tha
master.
Is it not about time that we ahould create our
musical atmosphere? I am so tired of hearing:
the constant cry for "atmosphere." While a
former generation may have been perfectly en
titled to the classic grumble I deny any »uch.
right to the present age. yet the cry is kept up
In complete rorsetfulness or the faet that con
ditions have since changed so tremendously
that this eeho is simply an absurdity.
As a matter of education, after ' cn» ha*
learned enough at home to tie an appreciative
traveler^ — and according to my experience that
takes a goodly time— traveling: may be of tx
cellent service, though I am of the opinion that
its value is often overestimated. But, •will you
tell me, where abroad can you find an opera
company of such magnitude and merit as th*
Grau combination?
Therefore, let' us all and everybody appreciate
this glorious country. Its great possibilities. lt»
greater future. There Is no stopping-place la
the musical universe, and after we shall hav»
ceased to worship at the foreign ehrine, ther»
will come a new era in vocalism and music, and
that era will have its birth in America. W»
may not live to see it. but we may at least
hasten the time, instead of deterring it, and
thua earn the thanks of our children for navinjr
been ' the courageous pioneers In the develop
ment of music in America for Americans.
ANNA VOX MEYERINCX
P§||; A Washington hotel proprietor is quoted as authority for a story to the effect that the late
Congressman Bbutelle ; of Maine was inj love with 'Mrs. Hazen and that his mental collapse .was due
to her 'marriage with Admiral Dewey. It is atbelated romance,- but* it comes appropriate to the s'lly
Consul General; Osborne } at Apia reports receiving a large ; number of letters asking about
alleged discoveries of gold in the Samoari Islands, arid adds that there have never been found there
any trace of gold, silver,- nickfl, zinc or tin; \ so it would seerii that mining men 'might as \vell leave
Samoa to .the natives.^, ¦-.'» ."%' :. ' -.v : ; ¦: : !> : :
. / The Osage Indians are said tbhave leased 600,000 acres of their grazing lands at prices that
will bring the,tribe a revenue of $120,000 a year. «. On that bnsis it will be seen that if Uncle Sam
were as wise as the reiirnen and leasea.all the grazing lands of the national domain, the income
would be sufficient to 1 establish^ irrigation oh- an extensive scale and eventually redeem all the nrid
lands whose redemption , is practicable. ';. * , , V . "'..¦»-.
ONE of the few gratifying features of the diplomatic controversy over the indemnity de
. manded of China by the powers is the periodical recurrence of the original suggestion
of the United States that the matter be submitted for arbitration to' the High Court of
Nations constituted by the famous Peace Conference at the Hague. All the great
powers have appointed representatives to the court, and the tribunal is therefore ready for work.
Under the circumstances to refuse to give it work will seem very much like self-stultification on
the part of the nations that constituted it.
The position of Russia on the question is peculiar, and if her* statesmen were at all sensi
tive to public opinion either at home or abroad. they would be greatly embarrassed in their 'refusal
to arbitrate. Tne Peace Conference was called by the Czar, for the express purpose of arranging
just such international arbitration as is now proposed. ' The Ministers of the: Czar are supposed
nominally at least to carry out his -will and to promote all his plans for the benefit of his people and
the world. He has himself said that the - establishment of a, High Court of International Arbitra
tion is the subject nearest his heart;, and it is consequently surprising to find-his Ministers oppos
ing arbitration when offered under conditions so favorable as in this case.
The issue is certainly one that should be fairly and honorably arbitrated. The allied powers
entered, China expressly for the purpose of substituting civilization for barbarism. v It is admitted
that they have just claims for indemnity "against the Chinese Goyernment^but it is also undeniable
that China has counter claims that can with justice be made against the powers. Here then is a
chance for the Czar to attain a true fame as a just sovereign and a peacemaker among nations.
The High Court of Nations up to this time has been a nullity. ~ It remains for the Czar ; to deter
mine whether it shall become a beneficent reality or an organized hypocrisy. ..'. ''M .'--'-
ARBITRATION FOR CHINA.
WHEN George W. Cass made the old Chicago, Pittsburgh "ana 1 Fort Wayne -Railway a
part of the Pennsylvania-system and itVwas double tracked, making. a complete double
track road from Atlantic tidewater to Lake Michigan, it was regarded as a stupen
dous enterprise and- a marvelous advance in American railroading. The New York
Central followed with a four track road to Lake Erie, arid supplied Chauncey Depew with an end
less, subject- for after-dinner brag about the enterprise of the Vanderbilts. Now it seems intended
by the Union and Central Pacific lines to construct a double track from Omaha to San Francisco.
Such a facility will be of immeasurable advantage to the business of this coast, and as it will doubt
less be soon duplicated by the Santa Fe, it means a shorter time for freight, and passengers. As
other lines now have a passenger schedule of but little more than four days between San Fran
cisco and New York, that part of the traffic is not exactly suffering for more speed. But on a
single track fast time for passenger trains is secured at the expense ; of freight, as freight trains
have to lay out for passenger trains. The great benefit therefore will accrueto the freighting'¦busi
ness. As our summer freight is largely fruit and perishable, a shorter schedule is worth millions to
California. When through freight can go forward uninterrupted by the passenger traffic, freight,
time may closely approximate the present passenger time..
' In the interests of California will it not be possible for the. se'eond track to be laid outside
the snowsheds in the Sierra Nevadas?" Such an arrangement would enable the running of passen
ger trains, at least one way, :'n view of the mountain scenery which influences so many tourists in
taking a trip to the coast. It is true that such an exposed track might be thrown out of commis
sion for a time each winter by snow, but as the heaviest freight business is done in the summer,
such obstruction would not be serious. '
When useful improvements are under consideration this may well be -studied.
Will Convene in San Jose.
The Pacific Coast Electric Transmission
Association will hold its fifth annual con
vention in the assembly room of the Hotel
Vendome, San Jose, June 18 and 19. • Tho
Officers of the association are as follows:
Prince Andre Ponlatowski, president;
Dr. C. \V. Van Norden. ¦ vice president;
William Angus, treasurer; George-. P.
Low, secretary;' executive committee —
Prince A. Poniatowski, E. J. de Sabla and
C. P. Gilbert. .
. The Banner Club, composed exclusively
of members of Precita Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West; will give a minstrel
entertainment In Native Sons' Hall next
Saturday night. The club will be assisted
by the Columbia Minstrels. •
Native Sons' Minstrelsy.
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hot«l*
CaL 'glace fruit 50c per.lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street.- Telephone Main 1042. • I
». The man who tries to live beyond his
means usually winds up by having to live
without his friends.
We have made a very low round-trip rate
to the Pan-American '. Exposition at .Buffalo,
and the comfortable Nickel-PJate trains, . with
Nickel-Plate dining . car» "serving /American
Club meals, at 35c -to $1 'each,- insure you a
pleasant i trip. Book i free showing Pan-Ameri
can views. Buffalo hotel - accommodations re
served. JAY WV ADAMS, , P. C P. A., 37
Crocker building, Saa Francisco, CaL
"It Is Up to You.'?
AN OVERLAND DOUBLE TRACK. '
Mr. and Mrs. P. Foonnan and their
mother are at San Mateo for the sum
mer. The Foormans are having a place
built at San Mateo and are spending the
Miss Eyre will spend the summer it
Menlo Park. *
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Will Taylor are at Burlin
game for the season. The Taylors took
the Burlingame place right after their
marriage and no there are honeymoon as
sociation* connected with the pretty place
where they will spend the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins and the
Misses Hopkins are at their Menlo Park
place, where they will remain until late
in the season. The Hopkins place is,
without exception, the handsomest of all
the country homes in California, and the
hospitality dispensed there is most lavish.
Mr. and Mrs. Gu* Taylor will be the
guests of the Hopkinses during the great
er part of the summer.
Mr. and Mir. W. B.. Bourn are enjoying
the summer at their* magnificent place at
Marys=ville. The Bourn place at Marys
vilJe is one to b« proud of and one to en
joy, and the Bourns and their friends are
enjoying it thoroughly.
Mr. and Mrs. Athearn Folger have taken
a cottage at San Mateo for the summer.
Mrs. Folger has some stunning creations
in that wonderful trousseau she brought
from Paris, and I know of no better place
to show those airy, fluffy lace covered
gowns than at the informal country
gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. Downey Harvey have
chosen Del Monte for their summer va
cation. The Harvej-s will have with them
their sweet young daughter, fresh from
the Eastern school. At present Downey
Harvey la the wonder and admiration of
all his friends. He has dropped all his
avoirdupois an<l is as lithe as a boy in
his teens. The sylphllke figure Is. most
becoming to Harvey. I understand that
massage, handball and other delights of
the Olympic Club are accountable for It.
Miss Linda Cadwallader will join the
younger set at Burllnganie for the sum
mer months. Miss Linda is a great favor
ite p.nd there is always joy when she is
around.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Grant are occupy
ing their pretty place at Burllngame,
where they expect to remain throughout
the entire season.
• • •
Mr, and Mrs. Sidney M. Smith and the
Misses Smith will spend the summer over
at San Rafael. The Smith girls go in for
all the Joys of outdoor life San Rafael
affords and always have a delightful sum
mer.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard and Mr.
and Mrs. Chauncey Winslow are spending
the early part of the season at Napa Soda
Springs. Later they will go to San Ra
fael and then to Monterey. The Wins
lows have Just got back from an Eastern
visit-
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Flood are already installed
at their gorgeous home at Alma, just the
other side of Los Gatos, In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. At present Miss Jennie
Flood is their guest.
? • •'
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey and Miss
Kate May Dillon have abandoned all
thought of their intended European tour.
Business will detain Mr. Casey In the
city, and hence the rearrangement of the
summer plans. Instead of g-oing to Europe
Mr. and Mrs. Casey and Miss Dillon will
go to San Rafael, where they will pass
the summer months. Mrs. Casey is de
lighted that it Is to be San Rafael Instead
of Europe, and I am sure that others
will share in Mrs. Casey's delight. Mrs.
Casey and Miss Dillon are lavish enter
tainers, and I predict happy times over in
San Rafael.
Naturally those who have summer
homes will entertain large house parties
during the season. These parties are ar
ranged for weeks in advance, and I do
not know of one country "home that will
have a spare guest chamber from Satur
day till Monday for weeks and weeks to
coine. Of course we are to consider it
a pretty compliment If we are fortunate
enough to be asked to the country homes,
but we must swell up with pride if we are
asked from Saturday till Monday, for that
is considered a mark of real distinction. -
SUMMER is here and we are off.
We have got our dimities and our
organdies, our shirt waists and
our duck skirts, our stocks and
all our golf togs, and we're off to
etay until the leaves begin to turn.
This Is the first year. I believe, that no
one of the many fashionable places has
been declared the thing for those who
have no country homes to hie themselves
to. There Is to be a general dividing up
of the resorts and we are also to make
a pretense of going to the country for our
health as well as for recreation.
season at the hotel and watching their
place go up.
• «(••¦• •
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mr. and Mrs.
Leon Sloss and Mr. and Mrs. Lllienthal
•are at their respective places at San Ra
fael for the season. The three pretty
places adjoin and it is a charming little
family arrangement that lets the families
step from one lawn to the other.
• -. * * .
Miss Marie Wells has gone to the To
semite for the summer. This is Miss
Wells' third trip to the valley. When one
takes into consideration the many oppor
tunities for horseback riding in the val
ley. Miss Wells' preference for Yosemite
is not hard to explain.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. S. G. Murphy, Miss Addle
Murphy and Mrs. Genevieve Goad Martin
have made up a congenial little party
that will spend the summer abroad. This
Is Mrs. Martin's first European trip, but
the Murphys have been across j many
times.
• • •
Mrs. Boalt is at her place at Cloverdale
for the summer. With her is her dear
granddaughter, pretty little Alice Tevis.
, « • •
Mrs. Holt left on the first day of May
for her summer outing. Up to the present
she has been at Blythedale, but expects
feoon to go to Los Gatos to remain for
the balance of the season.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hobart are at
their delightful ranch in San Mateo,
where, with the exception of a possible
trip to Del Monte, they will remain the
entire season.
• * *
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Crocker are settled
at their Cloverdale ranch for the summer
months.
• • • *
Dr. and Mrs. Martin Regensburger have
taken a place at San Mateo, where they
will pass several months.
¦ • * •
Miss Florence Greenebaum will spend
the summer months in London. Miss
Greenebaum has been abroad since last
September, and has visited all of the
capitals of Europe. After her stay in
London she will go to Hamburg for the
season. She expects to return home early
In the fall.
. • . • ¦ • • -
Miss Alice Greenebaum will spend the
summer at the Eastern watering places.
• * t
Miss Lizzie Feldman has gone to Eu
rope, where she will spend the summer in
traveling and sightseeing.
• • ?
Mrs. Will Tevis. Miss Lena Blanding
and Miss Florence Breckenridge will
spend their summer abroad. In Paris
they will be the sruests of Mrs. Fred
Sharon.
« • • *
Mrs. W. D. O'Kane has gone to High
lands for the summer months. Mrs.
O'Kane contemplates an Eastern visit
early in the fall.
« * *
Mr. and Mrs. Morgan Hill will come
here from Paris- to spend the summer
season. m
Mrs. Hattle Crocker Alexander will
bring her family from New York to pass
the summer at Del Monte.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott are at
their place at Burllngame, where they
will pass the early summer months. Later
they will go to Del Monte.
• • •
Misp Mae Colburn and Miss Maud Mul
lins have gone to Coronado for an ex
tended stai'.
Miss Olive Holbrook is at Menlo Park
for the summer. Miss Holbrook is pre
paring to receive her sister, Mrs. Sam
Knight, who has been visiting abroad for
some time. » » .
Mr. and Mrs. Russell Wilson are at San
Mateo, where they expect to pass -the
summer months.
• .• *
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wilson will
nass the summer season at San Mateo. j
¦ • ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Carolan will occupy
their splendid place at Burlingame during
the summer months.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas go to
Boss Valley for the summer season.
• • • •
Mrs. Lovell White will N pass the sum
mer at "The Arches." Mill Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. C. Dohrman have
joined the cottagers at Mill Valley for the
summer.
Mrs. J. H. Jewett will as usual spend
the greater part of the summer months at
her ranch at Sonoma. ,
• • • ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Colin M. Boyd are at their
pretty place, "Casa. Boyd," at San Lean
dro. and entertaining extensively.
Mr, and Mrs. Osgood Hooker have ar
ranged to pass the summer at the Ven
dome at San Jose.
* • *
Miss Elena Robinson will join the Jos-
selyns and spend the summer In Europe.
• • • .-
Miss Gussie Ames is spending the sum
mer months at Highland Springs.
. The Misses Alice and Ethyl Hager will
go to Del Monte for the summer.
Miss Jennie Blair and. the Misses Hur
ley will go to Del Monte for the season.
. • • *
Mrs. Charles J. Bandman has gone to
HijTlilaiid Springs, where she will remain
throughout the summer.
¦ m * . *
Mr. and Mrs. Danforth and Miss Fanny
Danforth have gone East and will remain
away all summer.
T* HE initial year of the new century
promises to be somewhat remark
able in musical annals for the un
wonted activity that has been and
is being displayed in the production
of grand opera. After a long slack sea
son In the industry, broken only- by a few
spasmodic efforts opera ward by Mas
cagni, Puccini and Leoncavallo, a kind of
operatic renaissance seems to have set in
in all the musical quarters of the globe.
Italy, France. England, Germany and
America are all under contribution to the
revival of grand opera, and one work at
least seems destined to survive— Pade
rew'ski's "Manru," produced the ether
day in Dresden, Germany. A cablegram
from Otto Floersheim, the Berlin corre
spondent of the Musical Courier, la a very
enthusiastic comment concerning the new
opera" as follows:
• DRESDEN,-. -Germany, May 23.— Premiere
Paderewski's "Manru" took place before illus
trious International audience with unprece
dented success, Increasing In intensity from act
to act. culminating in over thirty curtain calls
after close. Music replete with original lyric
beauties; masterly worked up climaxes: char
acteiistic gipsy colors; wonderful orchestra
tion finely staged. Performance superb.
O. FT/>ERSHi:iM.
• • -.*•¦•
The book of the opera is by Alfred
Nossig, of romantic and old-fashioned
style, to which Paderewskl has done am
plo justice In a musical setting that, the
critics have characterized as a mixture of
the. Italian lyrical and German dramatic.
Tne opera has been three years In writ-
Ing.
On the same evening that "Manru" wag
produced another new opera was also
given at Covent Garden Theater, London,
Dr. Villiers Stanford's "Much Ado About
Nothing." Dr. 'Stanford's opera seems to
have met with only indifferent success,
notwithstanding the fact that It was pro
duced under the most favorablejuisplces.
David Bispham appeared as . Benedick, a
part for which he is eminently well suited,
and the rest of the cast was equally well
chocen. -The London Times has the fol
lowing comment upon the opera;
Dr. Stanford's opera -was. found to lack the
?ift of power and distinction required in a
work given under such conditions.- That the
comiioser Is a ?cholarly anil painstaking nra
siciiin is indisputable." The fact that his «vork
contains many merits which would have told
better , if it had been produced less /ostenta
tiously Is not to be denied. It is hampered
by the' libretto, which, like the curate's ens In,
the legend,* is only good in parts, and those
parts are purely Shakespeare's. The church
scene in the third act. in which the text Is
closest to Shakespeare. Is decidedly the best
part of the work.
The first fruit of the operatic renais
sance was the Siegfried Wagner opera.
i'Heizog Wildfang," nrs.t produced at tho
Munich Court Theater in March of this
year. Opinions of this second effort of
Richard Wagner's son seem much divided.
By some critics stigmatized as a dismal
failure and an effective damper to the
hope of those who had prophesied the
falling of the father's mantle upon the
shoulders of the son; others again have
claimed a mild success for "Herzog." The
libretto, which young Wagner also fur
nished In imitation of his. famous sire, \%
generally conceded to be hopeless and the
plot of 'the. opera perilously near a whole
sale, plagiarism of "Der Melstersinger."
A recent* performance of "Herzog Wild
fang"'in'Hamburg in connection- with, a
cycle, of Wagnerian opera' is said to have
met u with a considerable measure of ap
preciation.
Alfred Bruneau's opera. "L'Ouragan."
came next, I think, in point of time. The
famous critic of the Figaro has at last
given his numerous enemies among the
musicians their opportunity. M. Brun
eau has not written a book, but has reck
lessly furnished the writhing victims of
his pen with that so much daintier morsel
for the purposes of vengeance an opera.
And. as if not content to. incur the conse
quences of only a personal unpopularity.
M. Bruneau, In .the person of his famous
librettist, Ernile . Zola, has challenged a
political enmity that In itself "would seem
almost sufficient to down any opera, of
whatsoever merit, that might be written.
"L'Ouragan," therefore, naturally re
ceived a somewhat warm greeting on Its
first production in Paris a few weeks ago.
Gustave Charpentier found the work of
extraordinary merit and Gauthier-Villlers
of the Echo de Paris says it is stupid and
tiresome. Others, In the facile prophecy
of the hour, say the opera is "epoch-mak
ing," 'while the opposing faction deny any
claim to musical value at all. Henry T.
Finck, quoting from Wolff's criticism in
the Berliner Tageblatt, . says that the
opinion of the public on the occasion of
the opera's premiere was markedly more
favorable than that of the audience at Its
first public rehearsal, when those person
ally antagonistic to composer and libret
tist were largely In evidence. The "yeas."
however, had It, and at the close of the
opera drowned out any dissentient voices.
M. Wolff says In effect that there appears
to be a quality of greatness in the work
of both Bruneau and Zola, though he does
not venture permanently to place the
opera.
And now as to two operas that ar© ' in
the air: Boito's "Nero" . and the Dam
rosch and Henderson "Cyrano de Ber
gerac." .'..".
The famous librettist of Milan, so Inti
mately connected with the beloved Verdi,
Is again coming to the fore. "His "Meflsto-.
f eles' ' will be given at the Tivoli during
the coming grand opera season, by the
way, and Is- being largely * revived in
operatic circles. "Nero" has been prom
ised to the public by Boito for more than
twenty, years, says the Italian correspond
ent of the Courier, and It now seems sure
that " the next I carnival . will j see - its pro
duction at La Scala, Milan. -*At a reading
of the libretto of the opera, -to which the
editors, the Breves brothers of Milan, in
vited the litterateurs and musicians, the
opinion was virtually unanimous that the
dramatic situations ¦ and possibilities of
"Nero" are magnificent. \ , ¦ ,
The "Concert-goer" Is responsible for
the following account of ' the American
contribution to. the operatic stag-e:
de\ Bergerac,". our melancholic old
friend, after having successfully, engineered
his mighty nose "through the devious ways of
drama, comic opera and "burlesque, will soon
return to us to \ sta,lk his way j across the
boards in grand opera. Walter Damrosch, it is
announced, Is now completing the score of the
opera, for which Wiiliam J. Henderson, the
critic, .has Written the book. Rumor says that
this will not only be the most ambitious thing
that the young composer has ever attempted,
but that it will be ' the mdst : notable achieve
ment of any ' American composer. " Mr. Dnm
rosch"; has ; been at \ work upon 'the opera ¦ for
over ' two x year?, , and is now at Delaware
Water^Gap putting the finishing touches upon
it. ; Mr. Henderson has followed Rostand's play
rather closely, the . most important change be
ing the , compression ' of = the original last two
acts -.Into one for the opera. The . title role
wiir.be given to the barytone. Christian to the
tenor and Roxane to a'colorature soprano. Aa
yet no ; arrangements have • been made for "a
performance.'. Bispham is said to .be . anxious
to sing the title role.* : • .-' x > 1
The -, Damrosch "Cyrano de Bergerac"
recalls a clever;; California^ ¦ to whose
genius v our {, } first •* acquaintance with
the lump-nosed French r poet > was made,
Edwin Stevens, , who appeared at , the .Tiv
oll as ; Cyrano .: some /, three , years j agone.
The real; greatness, even of Stevens, hasi
I think, never, been appreciated In his na
tive town.* , We had /'Cyrano", straight at
THE appeals made by Frederic Harrison and John Morlev to the English public upon the
subject of the-Boer war remind one' of the appearance of Henry Ward Beecher in. Great
Britain at the crisis of our civil war. Our seizure of -the Confederate envoys Mason and
Slidell, and taking them from air English; ship on the high seas, came near, undoing .the
Union cause by inducing English recognition of the Southern Confederacy. That step would have
been followed by the Continental powers, and the prestige and position gained thereby 'would
have won the cause of secession. Even • Gladstone believed the Union cause to be hopeless and
leaned the other way, and the British aristocracy, press and Parliament were against us. It was felt
in Europe that division of, the Union would destroy .the Monroe doctrine; and invite the Old
World to 'resume her estate in the New. The. designs upon Mexico had already ripened, and am
bition was whetting its "sword for, the carving of the Western Hemisphere by the Eastern. /It
seemed necessary in England to bring over only one more class to recruit the cause of Confed
erate recognition. The laboring and artisan portion of the people were against slavery and there
fore for the North. 1 But the blockade of the Southern sea ports, preventing the export of cotton,
had disused the looms of Manchester and labor, had been .reduced, to famine rations,
it was feared that these conditions would carry labor over to the South, and the seizure of Mason
andjSlidell was used as an appeal to their patriotism, for the British flag had been insulted.
In this emergency Henry Ward Beecher appeared in England as the 'champion of the
Union. His first speech was made in Liverpool to a passionate mob that at first threatened per
sonal violence, then listened and then cheered. That speech prevented recognition, and perhaps
did as much to save the Union as was done at Vicksburg and Gettysburg. He warned Brit
ish labor that every man who helped chain, the Southern slave was forging chains for all human
labor and was establishing 1 - the doctrine on land and' sea that capital had the right to own labor.
He attacked the British press for its strictures upon the motive and morals of our civil war, im
peaching it of hypocrisy, for "in all the world, in the wilds of Africa, Indian jungles and the islands
of the sea, the native heart stops beating at the sound of martial music,' leading British' soldiery
to new conquests."
Rising to greater heights as the mob became an audience, he said:. "Has love of country
run so low in Great Britain that the rising of a nation to defend its territory, its government, its
flag, is a theme for cold aversion 'in the pulpit and sneers in the -pew? Is generosity so dead in
England that she will not admire in her children the very qualities which have' made them proud
of their English ancestors?" In his climax he declared that the spirit of Runnymede was. not dead
and that "the North will fight this war through at all hazards and' at any cost. Anglo-Saxon Amer
ica, entangled in the meshes of slavery, will be free or perish."
', When his appeal was finished' the cause of the Confederacy was a lost cause. 'Europe
looked to English leadership, and Beecher proved that the real power of. that empire', lies with the
masses of the people, and that neither throne nor Parliament dare defy that power. ¦ .
Understanding this one comprehends the final cause of the Boer war and the persistency
in its prosecution. When out of crowds on the London. streets rose the cry.to Victoria, as 7 she
passed in state, "Ma'am, please give us a go at old Kruger," it meant that war was already declared
by this source of British strength/the masses of the people. British, philosophers, students and
thinkers were against.it.- But the politicians do not fear them. They looked beyond, to the masses,
and shaped a policy to. their wish; hence the war. ,.'
Harrison and Morley may turn to' Beecher's remarkable campaign in their country, for the
Union, and learn from it that if they desire, to "change the policy which they denounce they must
get the same people with them that Beecher carried over to his side.
BEECHER IN ENGLAND.
THE SAN (i^i
BY SALLY SHARP. g
ABOUT FASHIONABLE PLACES
Where Buds, Belles and Matrons
WILL SPEND SUMMER MONTHS.
• : •
18
Leadi"£ Kusincss '"ollsfee of the West,
24 Post ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Newly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write lor fcO-page catalogue (free).
MILLS G0LLE6E AND SEMINARY,
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary cour*e accredited to .the
Universities; rare opportunities ¦ offered In 'mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-cixth year; ; fall
term opens Auk. T. 1901. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C T. MILLS. Tres.. Mills College
P. O.. Cal.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
2C2 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "beet teachers, best system."
THB HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
SAN RAFAEU CAL.
Military Drill. Christmas Term Begins
August Hth.
KEV. C HITCHCOCK. Principal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH 6CH00I*
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
305 L<arkln et. Illustrated catalogue.
K. . L.. DURHAM. President.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
BAN MATEO. CAL. Tbe'next term will begin
August IS. 1901. For catalogue end illustrated
circular address Rev.- WILLIAM A- BREWER.
A. B., Rector and Head Master.
SPECIAL SALE IN
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
5Oc.
LADIES' CASTOR AND KID
GAUNTLETS for bicycling, driv-
ing and country wear. Regular
value ninety cents.
r 5Oc.
MISSES' KID GLOVES. Broken
lines. Formerly sold at one dollar.
65c.
LADIES* TWO-CLASP TVASH
SUEDE AND CHAMOIS GLOVES,
in white, "buff, < pearl, mode and
: gray. Exceptional value.
' LADIES* . TWO-CLASP ' REALj
KID GLOVES, in black, white, red,
mode, tan' and -brown.. All sizes.
"Specially recommended for fit and
durability.
MOSS' Gl5vE STORE
; 1S1O MARKET STREET,
Between Taylor, and - Jones.The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday affirming the Judgment
and order of the lower court which de
clared In ihe case of Treasurer W. K. llc-
Kenzie of Fresno that the court and not
the Board of Trustees or Supervisors of
a city Js the final arbiter in dispute.
The Fresno Canal and Irrigation Com
pany had a contract for flushing the sew
ers of Fresno in 1S97 at the rate of MuO
rer month. The company's bill for the
closing three months* of the year was
?1200. The bill was audited and the city
Board of Trustees ordered Treasurer ilc-
Kenzie to make payment. This he re
fused to do. and the water company
brought cult against McKenzie and his
bondsman, J. O. James.
Previously, however. McBean, a con
taactor, had entered suit against the
Treasurer to recover money due him for
taking care of the city sewerage during
the year 1893-4, and had obtained judg
ment in the Superior Court. The payment
of this bill exhausted the surplus fund in
the city treasury, and when tho water
company's demand was presented ; there
was nothing with which to pay it.
The company then sued to recover the
S1200 due it, on the ground that McKenzie
had acted illegally in not obeying the or
der of the Board of Trustees. McKenzie
and his bondsman won In the lower
court, and the Treasurer'* course was
finally Justified In the decision of the Su-
Dreme Court yesterday.
Fresno's City Treasurer Is Justified
in Refusal to Pay Water Com
pany's Claims.
STJPSEME COTJBT DECIDES
A MOOT POINT I1T LAW
A man seeking to. recover lost property
by going to law is, like a sheep seeking
shelter under a bramble bush.
Fighting for Freedom.
Commandant John Krige of the Boer
army lectured at Metropolitan Temple
last night on the cause, conduct and
probable outcome. of the war in South
Africa. The lecture was under the aus
pices of the Netherland Society of Wil
helmina, and isas interspersed with some
Illustrated pictures of- Boer people and
scenes that were well received by the
audience. ¦ •
Krige described several famous actions
in which he was engaged, how he was
taken prisoner by the British army and
how he escaped after thirty days' incar
ceration. Speaking of General Dewet, he
said that all shirkers have j left his
forces because he is a strict disciplina
rian. Dewet's enforcement of army rules
caused the fake report to be spread that
he is cruel and that his losses h/ive driven
him insane.
"Dewet and Botha are the only two men
who can make peace," said Krige, "and
neither will do so without the other's
sanction. We have 12,000 men in the field,
though the British have been so kind as
to grant us 16.000. General Botha has at
no time been able to figure up more than
30,000 men. With two such generals as
Dewet and Botha in commanu l venture
to predict that England will never con
quer the Boer, ration."
SAYS ENGLAND WILL
NEVER CONQUER BOEHS
Commandant Jan Krige Tells of
Botha and Dswet, Who Are
The Sanborn Oil Company has been In
corporated with a capital stock of $250,000
to operate oh 35-26-17, in the Devil's Den
district In Kern County." The incorporat
ors are E. A. Freeman, N. "W. Mahaftev.
T. H. Peck, W. H. Willis and Samuef
Sanborn.
All Santa Fe engines west of the Needlea
will soon burn oil. '¦' :: -^ l
The United States Investor makes aoms
striking assertions concerning the oil com
panies of Texas, among- the statements
being the following: ..>. v
From January 10. 1901. the data of the strik
ing of the Lucas "gusher," up to about April
15, oil companies with an aggregate capitaliza
tion of $28,057.COO were organized. Six of thee«
companies have a capitalization of $1,000,000,
one a capialization of 13,000.000 and thirteen a
capitalization of $200,000 each. Since April 13
a large addition has been made to this list,
but a' large reduction has also been made In
that about one hundred companies organize^
under Texas laws have forfeited their char
ters, owing to their failure to comply with th»
laws of the Stata and pay the corporation
taxes.
Development In the Sunset field Is ex
tending easterly.
Speculation in Texas.
ing offered by the smaller companies, who
feel that they must sell, and the supply
will be so limited that it is expected tha
price will advance to 50 cents.
It is reported by the Bakersfield Cali
fornian that a number of the largest pro
ducers in Kern County have determined to*
shut down their wells until the price of oil
advances to a figure somewhere in rea
son. Those that have contracts to be
filled will purchase the 25-cent oil now be-
Oil will be used for" fuel instead of coal
hereafter at the San Quentin and Folsom
prisons. • • - -
The Occidental King Oil Company has
Incorporated, the capital stock amounting
to $500,000. The directors are Frank Smith,
J. K. McElroy, M. R. Goldberg. Dr. B. F.
Stahl and J. F. Stark, all of Oakland.
The Electric Oil Company of Arizona has
also been incorporated, the capital stock
being $1,500,000. Phoenix, Ariz., is the prin
cipal place of business. ¦ The directors are
H. H. Jenness, John Ginty, George Miller.
Charles Wetmore and Richard Garney, all
of San Francisco.
Companies Incorporated.
which arises from sand in various parts of the
oil fields is to be overcome by the use of com
pressed air. .The Eastern "Star Company re
cently installed a compressed air plant and has
by its aid been able to clean its pipe of the
sand at the rate of 40 feet a day, which is
very gratifying. Heretofore by the use of a
bailer, the company has been unable to lower
the sand more than fifteen, feet a day. It la
thought the compressor will greatly facilitate
drilling:.' and it has already been conclusively
proven that pumping is hastened by its usage.
' While they are trying tp get together,
there are all sorts of stories afloat, calcu
lated to persuade the producers that some
one will do for them what they evidently
must do for themselves to have their
business paying what it ought to pay. In
terviews which are pronounced fakes by
the parties who were reported to have
talked for publication Is one method. Pipe
lines and gigantic refineries have been
built in imagination. There are several
stories afloat in the Kern River district,
some of which find : their way , into the
papers. It is constantly more and more
apparent that the producers must help
themselves by their own efforts.
The Stockton papers report that a dis
tributing plant for oil is being established
In the western part of Stockton. Large
tanks "will be sunk in a depression west
of Weber avenue. The oil will be taken to
Stockton from the Kern County fields and
Coalinga by rail. It will be pumped from
the tanks as needed.
The Bakersfleld Calif ornian says:
It now looks as though the trouble and delay
Stories With"' Stings.
There are several influences represent
ing large investments of capital mat are
concerned in keeping the oil men divided if
possible. The btanuard Oil Coifcpany has
already indicated its purpose by calling
for bias for large quantities of oil in the
Kern Kive'r district. -Then it was plain
that the price of oil could not be main
tained when the consumers. were bidding
against one another. There are many
on men who believe this move was in
tended as a "feeler." The Standard Oil
Company refused to report .what any bids
were. No one doubts that the Standard
Oil intends to handle the' product as far
as possible. .,..•.. .,
¦ Tne railroad companies are also largely
concerned in the price of oil. Changing
from coal to oil for fuel in their locomo
tives and being . compelled to buy fuel,
they naturally seek to get It for the low
est possible price. Disorganization among
the oil producers is the surest one to get
low prices. The higher the transporta
tion rates, the.le5g.net profit for the oil
men. Acting on the old-time principle
to blame some one else and so ra'se a
question to divert the public from the
real issue, the Southern Pacific Company,
antwtring the complaint before' the Rail
road Commissioners concerning the
freight rates on oil from Kern County to
San Francisco, charges the failure of the
oil producers to make the expected profits
on oil to their methods of selling. The
fact ie that there would still be a margin
for the oil producers at the present price
in San Francisco if the freight ,iates
were not enormously higher than for the
same service ¦ in Texas, where the South
ern Pacific is moving oil. The railroad
company, having no risks, get's mors net
protlt per barrel* for the oil merely for
moving it down hill to San Francisco than
do the producers of the Kern County
fields. If ever there was necessity for the
Kern County producers to stand together,
this is the time. ¦ -
Opposition to Unity.
Several newspapers have assumed that
because there is a tendency to suspend
•operations to some extent the oil industry
of Kern County may languish.- The fact
is that some well owners nave determined
to wuit for better prices for oil. But the
cil is in the ground and the demand is in
cit-using. Ultimately the price must rise
! it the producers show the desire and abil
ity to act together for their own good.
There are more than five hundred com
pleted oil wells in the Kern, County fleld3.
One-fourth of that' number are also under
drill. Such are the figures supplied by
the Bakersfleld Calit'ornian. In sections
4 and 5, in township 28 south, range 28
cast, there are 145 completed wells and 47
drilling.. In section 29, 2S-28, there are 48
completed wells, and 13 .are drilling.
These figures are opportune, as they.illus
trate the magnitude of the interests rep
resented In the oil industry in one locality
and indicate why it should be permanent.
Improved.
Producers Limit Activity
Until Market Can Be
Hostile Influences Seek
to Keep Prices Very
OIL MEN NEED
UNITED ACTION
Dcatn Valley's niter, deposits are at
tracting renewed attention. Recently fif
ty-six claims were filed in the County
Recorder's office In San Bernardino, each
covering 160 acres. The land is on the
Amargosa River,* a'ljout "two miles north
of Salt Springs. Accompany is operating
with reported success, hauling the niter
a great distance over the desert and mak
ing a profit. The company consists' of A.
W. Best, P. S. Keefer, Edwin Brink. O.
E. Bailey, W. E. -Bailey, Thomas Bailev
and others.
According to the Redding Free Press,
W. H. Garlick and his two brothers have
refused $60,000 for a gold mine they have
opened on Coffee Creek. They have been
working four seasons in the district, toil
ing until snow fell and then going to Gi.d
ley to do odd jobs until it was possible to
resume running. When the Coffee Crue.'c
excitement began they were farm hands
in Butte County, working at $40 per
month. They spent several months pros
pecting before they found a ledge.
The copper resources of Trinity County
will be investigated to some extent by a
company recently formed at Fortuna,
Humboidt County, to be known as the
Fortuna Copper Company. All the stock
holders reside at Fortuna.
There are prominent Eastern men con
nected with the Bully Hill Copper Min
ing and Smelting Company, which owns
the Bully Hill mine and smelting plant in
Shasta County. The capital stock is
$2,500,000, divided ipto 100.000 shares of a
par value of $25. The. incorporators are
given as W. Nelson Cromwell, George II.
Sriullivan, Henry W. Clark and H. B. Par
sons of New York, and -William J. Curtis
of Summit, N. J.
The Oceanic quicksilver mine in San
Luis Obispo County will be worked again.
New machinery and new furnaces are be
ing placed for operating. The mine was
located in 1874.
'. , Quest for Copper.
State Mineralogist Aubury has directed
George A. Tweedy to examine Inyo
County for copper and also later to visit
.Mono and. Alpine counties for the same
purpose. .He will then return to the west
ern part of San Diego County. He wl'l
be joined at Independence, Inyo County,
by George McConnel. S. W. Bower, has
been instructed to visit Carisso Creek, !n
San Diego County, to report concerning
oil indications.
The Redding Free Press says .the Balak
lala copper mines of Flat Creek mining
district, which have been sold to Colorado
parties, will be equipped by the new own
ers with an independent smelter. The
sale involved the passipg of $500,000. The
Press says:
The men who have bought the Balaklala are
among the richest , mining' men of Colorado.
They . represent. It is said, many millions in
their -own names. Beyond a doubt their sole
purpose is to make this great mine a producer
in the shortest possible time. It is safe to
predict they will have a. great smelter going
at no greatly distant day.
The purchasers are B. S. de Golyer,
John S. Campion, Dennis Sullivan, D. H.
Moffett and ex-Governor J. B. Grant of
Denver. ;.
Rich. Strike Reported.
The Treka Journal reports that a pros
pector has discovered an extensive quartz
ledge on the Klamath River, near Hono
lulu, which he has traced a long distance.
It is 150 feet wide and averages about $20
per ton. "Two Chinese companies are
working in the Honolulu district.
The Bodie Miner-Index says that twen
ty etamps will soon be started at the
Castle Peak mine. Ten are now dropping
and twenty-five men are employed. The
force will be increased. An exoert^has
been -examining mining properties at
Benton. Mono County, for Castle Bros.' of
San Francisco, according to the same au
thority. ' #
The Amador Dispatch says: '
"Work is progressing favorably on the Ama
dor Phoenix mine. The shaft has been cleaned
and retimbered and rock is betng taken out.'
Free gold is often seen in the rock and there
are a good lot of sulphurets. A mill is bein^
put ud and within six weeks ten stamps will
be dropping on the ore got out in the mean
time. The mill will be a ten-stam;> one to
start with, but will .be built for fifteen, so
that another battery can be added as soon as
there is necessity for it.
Preparations are making for work on
the Lalne mine in Eldorado County, six
miles from Fairplay. All the machinery.
Including drills, will be operated by elec
tricity. " v
In Sierra County. , .
, The Downieville Messenger says:
A rich body of ore has been struck in the
Telegraph mine at Fir Cap. In extending the
tunnel they have been following the foot
wall of the ledge, and for the past two weeks
the. ledze has ' been . showing up very favor
ably • and offers a good milling proposition.
The tunnel Is being pushed ahead for the pur
pose of striking the gravel channel.
There is a boom at Wickenberer, due to
the recent strike of the Oro Grande. Over
1000 men are reported living in tents at
Wickenberg. Every hotel and lodging
house is full.' . .
By the beginning of August trains may
be running on the . Searchlight and Quar
tet Railroad, says the Kingman Miner.
The railroad, will enable the Searchlight
Company to put in a milling plant with a
capacity adequate to the production of
the mine. •
The Randsburg Miner remarks:
An advertisement in a mining paper that
comes to this office reads thus: "Parties in
terested In placer deposits that F cannot be
successfully operated owing to lack of water
should. communicate with Thomas Edison, Or
ange, N. J." It would seem that the rich
gold-bearing gravels that abound ' around
Randsburg would offer an inviting field for
the use of the, improved method of which Edi
son.is the patentee. If the, slow and primitive
process of • dry washing now in. vogue can be
made to yield profitable ; results there is . no
telling what could be accomplished by the
electrical treatment of dry placers that Edi
son has used with such success In New
Mexico. • - v ;.
I . British Columbia Minerals.
The Minister of Mines reports that Brit
ish Columbia- has produced to date $62,
584,442 of placer - gold, $12,812,860 of lode
gold, $12,638,449 of silver, $7,619,626 of lead,
$4,362,583 of copper and $49,140,917 of coal
and coke. ' The mineral production for 1900
was . $16,344,751. Lode mining has -been in
progress about ten years. The population
of the province Is about 160,000. There has
been a steady increase in the mineral out
put since 1893. . . , ,-. .
The . Bakersfleld Echo reports that pros
pectors are numerous in the mountain
sections along; the- east edge of the San
Joaquin I Valley, f ' Gold and copper I ledges
have been' found. The majority of the
prospectors are in the woody district.
The Vulture mine, Arizona, will be
equipped with a new pipe line to convey
waiter from the Hassayampa River.
Work which : has been suspended since
1891 will be resumed. The mine is cred
ited with' having produced $9,000,000 in ore.
' The old •" Colorado mill at Loope, so re
ports the Carson Appeal, has been started
on ore from the Lewis .; mines and ten
stamps are dropping. Twenty years ago
these mines were worked on a large scale
but were shut down temporarily, awaiting
the return of English capitalists. Months
lengthened into years and they did not
come. Now operations have been resumed
by .Captain Peter Curtz, backed by a
strong company, and, it is believed that
by new and improved processes the mines
can be successfully worked. There are
large mineral bodies of low grade in this
district, and an abundance of wood and
water la close at hand. , » ¦* , . .
The Phoenix Gazette says:
."The river range is the scene of consid
erable activity since the - discovery of
Gold road and the sale of the Lovin prop
erty. This mine was discovered last sum
mer and was sold for $50,000 on simply
surface showing and is now being opened
up as rapidly as possible. Another sec
tion of.Mohave County, hitherto unknown
to the mining world is -that lving north
of the Colorado River on the Nevada and
Utah borders. Copper, iron,; asbestos and
salt abound over a vast extent of teritory,
awaiting the advent of capital and trans
portation f acilltles. • Ore • of ¦ the richest
kind Is- being extracted and shipped , to
Salt Lake City, and Arizonlans know very
little about it'Vi ¦ v./r^ •> ¦';
State Mineralogist Orders Ex
tension of Quest for
Host of Claims Filed on
. Death Valley's Grim
NITER DEPOSIT
GAUSES A STIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, /UN El 6, 1901;
19
An exceptionally well-con-
structed Dresser of its kind. It is
made of thoroughly seasoned oak.
The base is about 43 inches wide.
The two top drawers are swelled
and the beveled mirror is 24x30. We
have a carload of this particular
pattern, which we offer the coming
week at S13.5O
i^ A TX^CiiTlil^Q C0R - SIXTEENTH and \
rAI lUoiLll O MISSION STREETS
Special Prices on Mattings and Rugs. .
CARPETS. MATTINGS. CURTAINS.
Good Brussels Carpets, worth 60c— Ac Good Japanese Mattings, worth ir. IRISH POINTS,
thIs ™* k • v£?£ 20c-cut to *DC ARABIANS,
ISSSiSSj™?*^-^^ • RENAISSANCE
Elegant Carpet, worth Sl-25on c 320 yards Cotton Chain Mattings, ->/r_ AND. NOVELTIES
—cut to ' vw worth 25c-cut to THF. PRICF^«
Stylish Axmlnster Carpet, worthy* 1(\ ,. - - , , ' .
n-S5-cut to vi.jv RUGS $5.00 Values at, Special $2.75
worTh Ut $Li5Uu? C to Uette Carpet *$I.O5 $7.50 Values at, Special. . $4.00
Good-wSrS \ i^^n""c^t. oc Jg^pg** Rugs> worth $4,25 $8.50 Values at, Special. . .$4 50
super ggg&&^££!*£ 50c* h .^ J8.50 $15.00 Va ues at, Special. ! .$7.50
IN OUR
BIG CARPET DEPARTMENT
UNSURPASSED VALUES THIS WEEK
»»j •«, ril-'.M ml, ~ ' . Book Cases and
Handsome Parlor Suits, like cut. 5 nieces— Desks, like cut, fancy shaped bev-
EOlld oak or mahogany nnish, tufted backs, spring eled mirror and hand carved, made
edge and coverings of richest Imported (QQ 7K in solid oak. birch or CO 7R
velours. This magnificent suit only..' tJJ^iVJ* I CF mahogany," only...... tDuilU
525.00 Parlor Sofa— hand carved
and piano polished, richly up-
holstered in silk damask. Sale
price Slo.OO
$15. 00 Platform Rockers — up-
holstered teat and back, hand
polished. Sale price 8S.5O
$*.00 Parlor Chairs— uphol-
ptered seats in fine silk fabric.
Special price S4.Tr»
JJS.00 Divans — fancy carved
hacks, silk damask covering,
hand polished. Sale price
: 81.1-75
$35.00 Parlor Suits— handsome
decorated hacks with mother of
pearl, hand rubbed and polished,
upholstered spring- seat: variety
of colorings. Sale price $24.00
$.x50 Parlor Rockers for S.'?.."»O
•s.oo Parlor Rockers for j?4-7.%
J11.50 Parlor Rockers for s£7.!»O
$15.00 Parlor Rockers for £!».oO
510.00 Parlor Armchairs for
K5.OO
53.50 Parlor Chairs for...S::..*iO
J20.00 Couches for S1.5.OO
$45.00 Couches, leather, for
«^7.7.%
$60.00 Couches, mahogany leath-
er, for S45.OO
J12.00 Box Couches for... Si). 7.%
J12.00 Morris Chairs for SO.5Q
J2S.0i3 Davenports for.-Sli 5.OO
Flilt PARLOR FURNITURE
Note the Prices Below:
Special Bargains in
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — '.'The Empress Theodora."
Central— "Jim the Westerner."
TlvoM— "The Toy Maker." '
Orpheum — Vaudeville. - -
Columbia— "Darcy of the Guards" to-morrow
nirht. •
Alcazar— "For Bonnie Prince Charlie."
• Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets—
Specialties. . •.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evenlnc. ,'r ;•'¦'•' '
Fischer's— Vaudeville."
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
¦ Excursion to Los* GatOs— Monday.
¦ ? « : — : -' •
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. TJmbsen & Co.— Monday, June 24 at
12 o'clock, Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery
street.
By S. Watkins— Tuesday, .i June 18 at 11
o'clock. Horses, at 1140 Folsom street.
Music in the Park. ;
The Park Band will render the follow-
ing programme this afternoon, anniver-
sary of the battle of Bunker Hill: .
March— "The Invincible ' Eagle" .......Sous*
Overture — "Tambour de la Garde"..: Tltl
Selection—' 'El Capita n" ' ;. . . . . Sousa
Sons-— "The Swr>rd of Bunker HHl"....Colvert
"National Fantasie", ..'. .....'....Herbert
"Egyptian Ballet'.' ........:........ ....... Lulginl
Intermezzo, from "PaKllaccl". .Leoncavallo
"Musician Astray In the Forest"........ Herman
Performed by William Mahood. ,
"Arkansas Traveler," with' variations for t
all instruments ....Reeves
"Salute to Guatamala," Triumphal March., i !
'> ...V. M. Flguero*!
$&*$£ .™™kin*tion No 1 Special Combination No. 2 Special Combination No. 3
l?nt iuarn" r ™ S ThJ" 1 .*^ nss 0[ **?*•, ' Um f»«™«»-a J"e "uam? mois mi"! '" j"»»msr. spring, of b..t pliable » lae i:
ST . 7g #l^l|§l|i kills -«-i«-^rp,eS lh °"n
'" '" " "\ '^y^\S\ pIetc ••¦• v UlUU $22.00, now only....; ..«&«O«OU
ind I L??' SO * II l? s "^ e ? tl0 " s for House Furnishings-an array of charm-
ing novelties in the latest and most approved styles. Values that are con-
Hn^jrln nTK nitUreth J ti S beauty0fdesign ' ejection of make and
finish cannot be surpassed. Special figures this week on all our elegant
and enormous stock. Visitors welcome.
.....FOR THOSE CONTEMPLATING HOUSEKEEPING....
REMARKABLE FURNITURE OFFERINGS
MISCELLANEOUS.
SALE OF METAL BEDS.
_ - ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ '
g • - ¦ » ¦¦' * ¦
:+ Jndiaf.Siik3;-t-: ; .,t?OI" TD t^y silk,",
new shades - 1 V/UI\ self color, ¦
for evening' CI 1VT A PiiZ herr!ngbone
wear and •PiNA-r^i!)'' fc'iSi*!*
fancy work; ¦ I[N tern, navy,
extra qual- -^^ .—^ _— — cream, Jav-
ity,20inch, 1 lUpSS ender ' re "
r*l \w^\ :.;¦:: HJF tVi-WA-74^ seda. car--
# W/^ " *>^ - ;.. _^ __^ dlnal; worth
Yard \±\J\J\J^ clal75cyd
¦* -k f ¦
Njw is the time to gather up. Dress Goods bargains. To*
morrcw we start the selling of four of the strongest specials thi s
.store has ever sold. Read the descriptions'. Every item is a
bargain.
Self Dot Satin Prunella— A rich satin surfaced fabric, with fancy
self-color dot effects; in such shades as resedas, cadet, ox blood, cas-
tor, heliotrope, silver, gobelin, etc. — 37 inches wide— regularly sold at
65c a yard—a snap for next .week ••••••••• 39c yard
' For tale at Market-street store only. *'
BFack English Alpaca— The right fabric. for dusters, traveling
skirts and bathing costumes — genuine Manchester make — fast mid-
night black and beautiful silk finish — the 38-inch 50c quality — a snap
for this week c>7c yard
;^f ( ; fi?r sale at Market-street store only.
Redfern Chevron Suitings— Neat mixtures in small broken
i check effects — for children's dresses and separate , skirts — 36 and 38
inches wide — also some all-wool fabrics among the lot, which origin-
' ally sold for 50c and 60c a yard. A snap. for next week.. 25cyard
i V ! for sale at Market-street store only.
Black- Cheviot Suitings— An extra heavy quality, warranted
all wool and perfectly fast black— 42 inches wide and just right for an
outing costume— our great 75c grade; special for one week....
— • • • •' • • 44c yard
Fcr sale at Market-street stcre only.
White Lawns — 50c pieces of regular 20c white Victoria lawn and
English linon, for waists, children's dresses and aprons — in plain and
checked effects— special all this week I22C yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Grass Cloth — A stylish fabric for ladies' skirts and suits^ — espe-
cially good for outing costumes and for camping wear, etc.— our pop-
ular 20c grade — reduced as a special for next week... 12»C yard
# For sale at Market-street store only.
Solid Oak Chiffonier-Solid
golden oak. handsome carving,
large,' roomy drawers, brass
trimmings, patent casters — a bar-
gainat - 85.25
One-third of your life is spent in bed.
_ Spend It on the riftht klhd of a mattress.
MATTRESSES
AND PILLOWS.
We make every Mattress and Pillow we
sell in our own factory. We welcome in-
spection. Electric machinery insures sanita-
tion. Come and see how they are made in
our factory. '"•|i§J-' *
See our special full - See our special Tpil-
size combination moss ,__ fil1e j _., t », .^ , K _
and cotton* felt mat- low filled Tvith 3% lbs>
tress ce ra of finest live geese
OOsOU feathers, sa
. — at, a pair VOtoU
Hair Mattresses.
Best White Hair
S20.0O Mattresses Made
Best Silver • Over.
MedfuVGray* 1 . 8 :. 0 .? Parlo , r Furniture Re-
Sir> OO $l".()O upholstered and Re-
J51O.OO. paired.
—— — -o •• »»»•
1
*i\l^ IT 4 liH *> ' f* c P* 0^^ away in your insides and must be tept clean,
• / \Sr>3sssw3^i^^Sr~^ in order and doing business. • -
If s a long way, with many turns and pitfalls to catch
\IL *^ c refuse and clog the channel if not most carefully
cleaned out every day.
/^^^^jg^^^^^^^^ , » When this long canal is blockaded, look out fo*
/^^^^^^^^^^^^mh trouble — furred tongue, bad breath, belching of gases,
/^O^^^^^^^^Rlk yellow spots, pimples and boils, headaches, spitting up of
9®^S^^^^^^» food aftcr "ting-an all-around disgusting nuisance.
{mRt^S^^^^mm Violent calomel purges or griping salts are dan-
H MryHK™'iwry^'""^^nfFf ?^^1 1 gerous to use for cleaning out the bo<wels.
VI V^yiS^'^^^^^^^3% , They . force j out the obstruction By . causing ,
WL^j^^^SmSMM eoioknt **»*"* °f 'fa.hwk, but they teroe )
fef^^^^^S the ink f nes W *?™\ kss * bki0 \"?
wMv***^3^^^v ttp re 9 u^ r movements than before, and make a
7 M|^^^^^^^12 larger dose necessary' next time. "
J^^^^^^ Then you have the pill habit, which kilh more people
/w^^p^^ t^ ian * c mof pk* nc ancJ whiskey habits combined.
jQ 12^ IllilP^ 'The only safe, gentle but certain bowel cleansers are
O J|||lrl3 sweet, fragrant CASCARETS, because they don't force
out the foecal matter with violence, but act as a tonic on
I4~^^^^P^ the whole 30 feet of bowel wall, strengthen the muscles
TipAimEm^Slt^^^ f^tutA^^BurandttYi^l
¦\'SSB$ErS^£M^ora (Look out for.inntations and substitutes ot jots can't get V
.^W,&^^ to*.) You wfll'..
SWn'SWSrSSSSia^ S?aJaS? t ¥S.^?SS £&% fmd th ?* m *? entirely natural way your bowels will be
jS^taSfi tu h 8^fmSSu?J s c^VL " boWeli mu ' tuk * *• promptly and permanently ' * ¦ y - ' ,0^
ALL^ DRUGGIST&^^^^WiiiflBl JJli IP M 1 1^* SOLD. IN- BULK.
Clinr* f 11 b °wjr trouble*, appendicitis, Vbll- All ¦ W% ¦ llTI*rn TO CtTRXi »!?• j««r« •«•
I 1 1 K §¦ Ious "« M ' ba « l breath, bad blood, wind I ¦ 1 1 H U A I1TL L fl thei Urtt box of CASCA&-
BlUfllZ. on the "tomach, bloated bowels, foul 111 I II II Mil I irll J2TS *V* •?, 1 ,1* *•"»»»•
UUIi&a mouth, headache, Indlcestion, pimples, UUIlllflll S LLU Z™ "* "i"i OI U^ xe ' •
pain* after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion ' .ta«ar medicine in the world 'tw. jFZZtZTaufZZJrVr
r£\ ana aiZZlncss. When TOUT bowels don't move regu- great merit, and ot«- n «st te»tlmonl»l. . Wo have filth »ad '
larly yon are setting sick, i Constipation kills more . will aeU CASCAHETS absolutely truar»nteed to «*r« or
people,, than all. other ; diseases together. . It Is a v non«T refunded. «o boy today, two soc boxes, n»e them •
starter, for the chronic all tnents and lontr year* of fair, honest trial, aa per ¦lmpla dlreettona. and If yoa »r«
inffcring that come afterwards. No matter what k!S^^-^ g ?#f?* •
alia vnn aloft taklntr ncrti'i'Tc •«. .1.. «, <•„« „_„ oox MB tne empty box to »i by mall, or la« droggl.t from
SUi l V...?«2 Vt f P S j w A R \*i «i U^ daj l» fOF r °H • whom yow rarcCued It. and get yo«i- raon.y back for bo th
Will never get well and bo well all the lime nutil - boxes. Take o«radvteV->o matter wlMt all* yoo-«tar«to.
yon put your bowels right. Take our advice; start day. Health win quickly follow and you win bie»s the d»y
. with CASCARETS to-day, under an absolute enar* • you nnt started th« »« of CA.sc ABETS. BookfttbyiiaiL j
antee to cure or money refunded. • Iddreaai KTSSJLDitt S£X£DT CO., TOftK. or tiLXClflO.FRENCH BARK BOURBAKI THAT IS COMING FROM IRELAND IN
BALLAST TO TAKE A CARGO OF WHEAT FROM THIS COAST TO
EUROPE. HER SUBSIDY WILL-PAT ALL' THE EXPENSES.
Unltrd States Coast and Geodetic! Survey—
Times and Heights of -High and -Low
W ate.rs at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by of flcial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high an<i low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived May 28— Ger ship
Artemis, from Shields. - •
TELCAHUANO— Sailed May 30— Br ship Ach
naehle, for San Francisco. ¦
TSIN TAU— Sailed May SO-Br stmr St Bede,
for . ¦•...¦.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 15— Br ship Musko
ka, for Sen -Francisco. . ¦'
PETROPAULOVSKI— Arrived • June 7— Schr
Muriel,' hence May 2. • • •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May" 31-Ship WnvLaw,
for Sen Francisco. • . ¦
HAMBURG — Arrived June 14— Ger ship Tar
penbek, from Oregon. .
•Sailed 'June 12— Br ship Lady' Went worth, for
San Francisco. „
_ HULL— Arrived June 14— Br ship Sokoto, hnc
FOREIGN PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 15, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity - 13 miles. '. •
= , V . -DOMESTIC PORTS.- ...
c TACOMA— Sailed June 15— Bark Carrollton,
for Hilo. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 15— Stmr
Coronado, from Seattle.
Sailed June 16— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco. : -^ ." , ¦
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June. 15— Schr Sadie, for
Umpqua. . • ¦: . . '
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed June 14-Bark
Tidal Wave, for Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 15— Br stmr Knight
Companion, from Hongkong. _
Bailed June. 15— Br stmr Palatlnia, for New
chwang.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 15-Stmr Bruns
wick, hence June 11. V ' -
VENTURA— Arrived June 15— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Balled June 15— Stmr Afcata,' for
San Francisco. .
.•Arrived ; June 15— Schr Emma Utter, from
San Dle^o.
ROCKPORT— Sailed June 15— Stmr Scotia,"
for San Francisco. ¦
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 15— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence June 11, for Seattle; Br stmr Al
goa, hence June 11, , for Chemainus. : -
_USAL— Sailed June 15— Stmr. Fulton, for San
Francisco. . : ' ¦ •. • ¦ < ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
• May , 7. lat -27 S, Ion 43 VW— Fr bark Mac-
Mahon, from Barry," for San Franclofeo.
June 4. lat 32 N, Ion 18 W— Br ship Glen
caird.from Shields, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
.Stmr Kayak, Morley, Loring;
..Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor. \ %
Ship : Henry Villard, Lewis, Seattle N . and
Honolulu. ¦¦"'. "-..,•.. * -v , ..- ;- ,. . ¦ ..
Ship^Tillie E ; Staxbuck, Curtis. Honolulu.
Bktn Retriever, Sloan, Port Hadlock.
Schr F S Redfleld, Jorgenson. Puget Sound.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, Port Gamble.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega: •.'¦•:
SUNDAY. .JUNE 16.
SAILED.
.-Saturday. June "15.
Stmr 'Walla. Walla, Hall. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Portland.
, Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
, Stmr Chetco, Anderson, St Michael.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
' Stmr ¦ Progreso, Parker, Tacoma. .
Br stmr Bristol, Smith; 84 hours from Comox.
* Br ship Toxteth, Lines, 91 days from New
castle, AiT.«tral!a. ,• ' .
Sohr, BeUla, ! Hansen, 4 days from Siuslaw
River. ¦ - . j
• Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson, 3 days from
Siuslaw River. ;
CLEARED.
¦ . • * ! Saturday, June 15.
Stmr Chico, Anderson, St Micnael; North
ern Commercial Oo. I
Stmr GW Elder. Randall, Astoria: O R &
X Co.
• Stmr Pomona, Shea; Eureka.; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Walla "Walla, Hall, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.y
Ship Tlllie E Starbiick, Curtis, Honolulu;
Welch & » Co.
Shipping Intelligence.
N ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 15. *
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brideett, 44 hours from
San Pedro. - . •
Stmr Greenwood, Facerlund, 12 hours from
Point Arena. .
Stmr Rainier. ¦ Hanson, 81 hours from' New
TVhatccm. ., ¦ ' , .
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 48 hours from ' San
Pedro. ¦ • . ' '
canned goods, 10S0 lbs chocolate, 20 crates cab
bage, 2220 lbs, 64 drums cheese, 21,598 lbs dried
fruit, -41 cs drugs, 19 cs electrical supplies, 40
cs fupe, 1076 pkgs fruit and vegetables, 127 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 19 cyls sas, 230 cs
hardware, 312 lbs hups, 64 bbls lacquer, 994
lbs millstuffs. 100 tins matches. 48.275 lbs malt,
34 pltfts machinery, 204 sks onions, 19 cs, 37
bbls oil. 260 pkgs paste. 12 cs paint?. IS pkss
pipe. S00 sks potatoes, 125 bxs raisins, S00 lbs
eugar, 32 bales twine, 1169 lbs tallow, 303 lbs
tobacco, 5 cs, 300 gaH wine, 16 pkgs windmill.
For Brisbane, Australia— 2 crs bicycles, 1 c
rubber soods. .
For Boston — 73, 437. lbs wool.
c»yi<HAXKS to a heavy subsidy, the
I French merchant marine is grow-
I ing with startling rapidity. A
I" few years ago its flag was rarely
/ ir.et on the Pacific; now French
built chips are In every port, and one of
their, can even afford to come here in bal
last from Ireland to take a load of wheat
back to the Emerald Isle. The Bourbaki
Is now thirty-six days from Limerick,
and or. her arrival at Portland, Or., will
at once load wheat for Queenstown. The
subsidy raid by 1 France to its sailing
vesseis almost 'paj-s all the expenses, and
whatever Is received for freight is clear
profit. It Is no wonder, therefore, that
French ships can accept a charter that
an American or British owner would not
look at.
A few years ago the French flag was
rarely seen in the bay of San Fran
cisco, and then it was generally at the
mast of a man-of-war. At the present
time there aro three French barks in
port, the Jane Guillon, Brenn and Beau
manolr. There are eight vessels coming
here from Cardiff and every one of them
liies the flag; ten coming here from
Swansea, and five of them are French.
Other vessels built and owned in France
and now on their way here from various"
ports are as iollows: From Hamburg,
one; Newcastle, England, two; Newcas
tle, N. S. W., two; Antwerp, two; Hiogo,
Japan, one; Hongkong, one, and Liver
pool, one. There are thus twenty-four
French vessels on their way to the coast,
and as they get a fixed amount for every
knot sailed the question of a dividend at
the end of the year is placed beyond a
doubt.
Several San Francisco merchants are
profiting by the opportunity, anda dozen
vessels now nearing completion at St. Na
zalre are nearly all owned here. The man
aging owner will, of course, be in France,
but the large profits will in many in
stances come to the Pacific Coast. All of
the vesseis are run on a very economical
plan, and not one of them has failed to
pay enormous profits on the investment.
The three barks now in port are nearly
loaded and ready for sea.
WEAVER'S BOAT IN HARD LUCK.
Obliged to Put Into a Hawaiian Port
for Provisions.
X. J. Weaver of yacht Nonna fame Is
not having plain sailing in his latest ven
ture. Six months ago he was in San
Francisco and told glowing stories of the
concessions that had been granted him in
Samoa. He chartered the schooner Julia
E. Whalen and on January 1 started her
.for Apia. Captain Erratt got the vessel
down there all right, but Weaver did
not get the cordial reception from the
Germans that he expected. The cargo of
the schooner was discharged, however,
and with a quantity of copra and cocoa
nuts she started back for San Francisco.
Light winds and calms proved too much
for Captain Erratt. and when sixty days
out from Apia he was compelled to put
into HauaJel, H. I., short of provisions.
This was on May 25, and the next day
the Julia E. Whalen made another start
for San Francisco. She is now twenty
one days out and should g:et in any time
now.
The Whalen made a poor start from
here and Is now making a poor finish.
Soon after passing out through the Gold
en Gate she was caught in a gale, and
five days later had to put back for re
pairs.
British Ship Toxteth Arrives.
After the long passage of ninety-one
days the British ship Toxteth made port
yesterday from Newcastle, X. S. W. Oth
er vessels have arrived from the same
port during this month in fifty-eight and
sixty days, but the Toxteth got all the
light winds and could not make time. She
Bailed from Australia on March 16, and
For British Columbia — 7 cs arms and amu
nltion, 1000 lbs beans, 603 lbs bread. 2S1 cs
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo manifested
up to 1 p. m. as follows: For British Colum
bia, J17.SS8; for Brisbane, Australia, $66; for
Boston, $15,548. The cargo Included the fol
lowing:
The bark Himalaya cleared Friday for Port
Adelaide with 779,187 ft lumber, 1000 doors, 400
bxs and 200 pkgs metal polish. The cargo was
valued at $26, ISO. ,
Merchandise for British Columbia.
Lumber for Australia.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Dyn^mene cleared Friday
for Queenstown for orders with 67.SST ctls
wheat valued at $67,000. and 1S.00O ft lumber
as dunnage valued at $2*0.
Shipping Merchants.
The Rosamond will load merchandise for
Honolulu; the M. P. Grac^, lumber (at Had
lock) for Sydney, owners' account.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The battleship Oregon will be open to
the public again to-day. A big crowd
visited the warship yesterday, and it was
after 6 p. m. before the last of them got
ashore. A lot of outsiders were selling
tickets for the various launches yester
day, and the members of the Transfer
Men's Union did not like it. They com
plained to the owners of the boats and
the outsiders were withdrawn. Peterson's
fleet will run from the Folsom-street float
and Crowley's from the foot of Mission
street to-day.
Now that the Humboldt, the "Alaska
flier," is on her way to Nome, Max Ka
lish, the popular agent of the vessel, is
back in San Francisco. Mr. Kalish will
remain here a few weeks and will* then
go to the Sound to meet the steamship
on her return.
There was a ¦ trivial cutting scrape on
the steamship Colombia yesterday that
gave rise to a great deal of talk on the
front. Two of the helpers in the kitchen
were peeling potatoes. Instead of keep-
Ing on with their work they began sky
larking when the cook's back was turned.
During a scuttle one of the men cut the
other In tho leg with his knife. This
story was magnified until it was made
out to be a case of attempted murder,
and the wagon was sent from the harbor
police station and the ambulance from the
Harbor Hospital, f It only took a few
minutes to straighten out the matter.
Water Front Notes.
The mammoth nun buoy, painted red
and numbered 2, has twice broken away
from the Fort Point ledge; and each time
It has brought up near Mile Rock. On
Wednesday last the current that rushes
past the fort took pbssession of the buoy,
and yesterday 't was anchorerl by its own
chain near Mile Rock. It was on the Fort
Point ledge that the Rio de Janeiro
struck. Seafaring men reason that if the
current is strong enough to carry a nun
buoy away from its moorings It Is strong
enough to have carried the Rio down to
and even . beyond Mile Rock. There Is
now a chance for treasure trove hunters
to make another attempt at locating the
wreck.
May Point to Kio's Wreck.
for two days had to light a heavy gale
with"^ high, confused sea.. She was thir
ty-nine days to the equator, and then had
sire days of calms.- From . that to port
Captain Lines reports line -weather. On
the 11th inst. the American ship Florence,
from Tacoma for Honolulu, was spoken,
and on the 13th inst. the Chilean bark
Latonia, from Fort Blakeley for Valpa
rasiso. Both vessels asked to be report
ed "all well."-
MERCHANT MARINE OF FRANCE, UNDER THE STIMULUS
OF SUBSIDIES, IS SEEKING THE WORLD'S CARRYING TRADE
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day "In the order of occurrence" as~" to- time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, exc»pt when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
elven by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low, waters.
Time Ball. .
Branch . Hydrographic • Offlce, TJ. S. N. Mer
•¦' 7 chants' - Exchange, '! San: Francisco, ' Cal.
June 15; 1901. ! ---'r c ' i"
The time ball on the tower of th* new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, ln charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
i; Crossing the Rockies on a 43-foot grade, light,
easy, curves,\ heavy ,: 80-lb. ' steel ; rails,- a , per
fectly, ballasted roadbed, over gigantic embank
ments, through • tunnel bored : In solid i granite,
etona and steel bridges,* is now an accomplished
fact. 4 :: ----- ¦..>•••.¦ T-v,' :.:¦¦-¦-;¦ -."¦¦¦:¦-. "¦¦ - -.r\:?>.-r/
,-? A fascinating panorama of- marvelous engi
neerlng.::'--'-:-^--;-.*-;•,.;.;-•¦.'¦\-. .- - - : .
. To ee« this, be sure your. ticket raads ovw
th» Union Paciflo Bailroadk. -- . . -. -
Heads Like a Fairy Tale.
A' contest' to : ' the : . will of tha late John
P. P. Van den Bergh was Instituted . yes
terday by his ; daughter, j Katie Ella Hill,"
through her attorney. Arthur H.* Barendt.
Van den Bergh stated" In his will that he
purposely , omitted to * provide ; for , his
daughter, ! "as ; 8he struck , me . In my old
age,'.' he says, ''and called me an old fool
and caused the , trouble between me and
my -wife. Bertha Van den Bergh." -? The
contestant avers that she always treated
her father kindly, , but r says : that for five
years prior to her marriage her father
abused and maltreated her. She • raises
the point that decedent's will Is invalid by
reason of the fact that It establishes 'a
perpetual trust :
Contests Har Father's Will.
THE SA1* FRANCISCO' CALIi^ SUl^AY; JUNE ? 1901^
20
Sun rises .............4:47
Sun sets ; .- '.'.*'.'.7''33
[Moon sets (ne^v) 0:00 p.* m.
iTirae Time " Time Time
Datel Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
' . t. -W , H W L W •; H W
li. .. 4:20—1.1 11:23 4.8 3:50 "2.8 10:06 6~7
16... 5:10 — 1.41 12:19 4.8 4:42 2.8 10:53 6.6
17 ... 5:58—1.3*. 1:09 4.9 -5:37 3.0 11:45 6.4
IS... 643—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:30 3.1...
HW , L.W H W d L W -
19... 0:39-6.0 7:39-0.8 2:40-5.2 7:3i '2 9
20 ... 1:34 5.6 8:12—0.3 3:23 "5.3 .8.38 28
21... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2.4:06 5.4 8:50 2.6
22 ... 3:34 ¦ 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 • 2.2
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River June 16
•Wyefleld Oyster Harbor June IS
Hawaiian Honolulu June is
Mattewan Tacoma June 16
UmatlUa....... Puget Sound Ports..... June U
Queen San Diego June 16
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts June 18
Tltanla Sanalmo ;... June 16
Arcata Ooos Bay June 17
Del Norte Crescent City June K
San Pedro Humboldt June 1?
Eureka Humboldt June 18
Washtenaw.... Seattle June IS
Empire Coos Bay June 18
Santa Barbara. Humboldt :. June 13
San Juan Panama & Way Ports, June IS*
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... June 19
Pomona Humboldt ! * June 19
Columbia ..Portland and Astoria.. June 19
North Fork HumbolUt June 2J
Point Arrna.... Point Arena .....June 20
W. H. Kruper Tillamook Bay June 20
CHyofPuebla. Pujcet Sound Ports June 21
Noyo Humboldt June 20
Coos Bay Newport ...".June 20
Santa Rosa.... San Diego June 20
Acme Sluslaw River ......... June 21
China China and Japan June 22
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way Pts June 22
Argyll N. T. via Panama June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
I
Acme
Despatch
Noyo
Pomona
Santa Rosa...
a. W. Elder..
Colombia.....
Eonlta
Acapulco.....
Queen.........
Rainier
Empire
Corona.'.
•)niu» Hi. •
Sluslaw Rtvsr
Seattle & Fairh'n.
Humboldt
Humboldt
San Diego
'June 17.
Astoria & Portland
- June 18.
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro -
Panama & Way..
June 19.
Seattle direct
Seattle & N. What
Coos Bay ...........
San Diego
June 2O. -
Coquille River ....
Humboldt
Coos Bay
8ydney & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ..........
Gray s . . Harbor ....
June 21.
Seattle & Tacoma.
June 22.
China & * Japan....
Newport I
Point Arena ......
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ..........
11 am
5 pm
5 pin
l:30p
9 am
11 am
12 in
9 am
12 m
U am
S pm
12 m
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 1«
Pier J
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier- 2
Pier IS
Pier U
Mandalay....
Eureka.......
Arcata.. ......
Sonoma......
Umatilla
Ban Pedro —
Fulton
10 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
11 am
10 am
5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier X3
Pier T
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 18
Czarina...'...'
H'konjr Marti
Coos Bay
Point Arena..
Columbia.....
Santa Barbar
5 pm
Pier 8
1 pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
10 am
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier J
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
Alki .". Skaguay & . Way Ports. June 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
City of Topekr. Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 19
Victorian Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 22
Farallon , Skaguay & Way Ports. June 23
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior Valdea & Way PorU. June 28
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Sun rises .............4:47
Sun sets ; .- '.'.*'.'.7''33
[Moon sets (ne^v) 0:00 p.* m.
iTirae Time " Time Time
Datel Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
' . t. -W , H W L W •; H W
li. .. 4:20—1.1 11:23 4.8 3:50 "2.8 10:06 6~7
16... 5:10 — 1.41 12:19 4.8 4:42 2.8 10:53 6.6
17 ... 5:58—1.3*. 1:09 4.9 -5:37 3.0 11:45 6.4
IS... 643—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:30 3.1...
HW , L.W H W d L W -
19... 0:39-6.0 7:39-0.8 2:40-5.2 7:3i '2 9
20 ... 1:34 5.6 8:12—0.3 3:23 "5.3 .8.38 28
21... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2.4:06 5.4 8:50 2.6
22 ... 3:34 ¦ 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 • 2.2
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River June 16
•Wyefleld Oyster Harbor June IS
Hawaiian Honolulu June is
Mattewan Tacoma June 16
UmatlUa....... Puget Sound Ports..... June U
Queen San Diego June 16
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts June 18
Tltanla Sanalmo ;... June 16
Arcata Ooos Bay June 17
Del Norte Crescent City June K
San Pedro Humboldt June 1?
Eureka Humboldt June 18
Washtenaw.... Seattle June IS
Empire Coos Bay June 18
Santa Barbara. Humboldt :. June 13
San Juan Panama & Way Ports, June IS*
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... June 19
Pomona Humboldt ! * June 19
Columbia ..Portland and Astoria.. June 19
North Fork HumbolUt June 2J
Point Arrna.... Point Arena .....June 20
W. H. Kruper Tillamook Bay June 20
CHyofPuebla. Pujcet Sound Ports June 21
Noyo Humboldt June 20
Coos Bay Newport ...".June 20
Santa Rosa.... San Diego June 20
Acme Sluslaw River ......... June 21
China China and Japan June 22
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way Pts June 22
Argyll N. T. via Panama June 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
I
Acme
Despatch
Noyo
Pomona
Santa Rosa...
a. W. Elder..
Colombia.....
Eonlta
Acapulco.....
Queen.........
Rainier
Empire
Corona.'.
•)niu» Hi. •
Sluslaw Rtvsr
Seattle & Fairh'n.
Humboldt
Humboldt
San Diego
'June 17.
Astoria & Portland
- June 18.
Valparaiso & Way
San Pedro -
Panama & Way..
June 19.
Seattle direct
Seattle & N. What
Coos Bay ...........
San Diego
June 2O. -
Coquille River ....
Humboldt
Coos Bay
8ydney & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt ..........
Gray s . . Harbor ....
June 21.
Seattle & Tacoma.
June 22.
China & * Japan....
Newport I
Point Arena ......
Astoria & Portland
Humboldt ..........
11 am
5 pm
5 pin
l:30p
9 am
11 am
12 in
9 am
12 m
U am
S pm
12 m
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 1«
Pier J
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier- 2
Pier IS
Pier U
Mandalay....
Eureka.......
Arcata.. ......
Sonoma......
Umatilla
Ban Pedro —
Fulton
10 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
11 am
10 am
5 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier X3
Pier T
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 18
Czarina...'...'
H'konjr Marti
Coos Bay
Point Arena..
Columbia.....
Santa Barbar
5 pm
Pier 8
1 pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
10 am
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier J
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
Alki .". Skaguay & . Way Ports. June 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
City of Topekr. Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 19
Victorian Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 22
Farallon , Skaguay & Way Ports. June 23
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior Valdea & Way PorU. June 28
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
London Smoke
Protection Glasses
FROM 50C PERPAla
642 Market 5t. iM»TRui«Nn.
ui^ocr chro^iu.1 ButwiNft. CaTAIOQUC fRZCi
NEW WBST13RN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON 6T3.— RB.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAJEtX> *
CO. Earopean plan. Rooms. 50o to U id dart
ti to $S week; $S to IN month. Frt« batha: hot
and cold water every room: fir* grates Ja •very
room: elevator runs all night, -
O I rr n HI! S I <*>rnt? rmxHi asi
Lflrr KllYft -^hw-'tb^s
UHrL nu l hl
valUea checked tnm.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
It's Great Superiority
readily .verified by a per-
sonal test.
All Drujtftista. Refuse Substitutes.
g visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
(¦USEUI OF ANATOMY^
\ Cf 'The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 m*J^'»m%. World - .weaknesses or any contracted B
21 KSfc'M d'se^e »«»HI»el7r«rwd>>ytheoiaeM T
O fl_»tei b P Icl » li;>t on lh « Coast Eit.36>eJi i . C
A &*$*i DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I^Sr^S Consultation free and strictly private. \
A I JW«t N Treatment personally cr by letter. A Q
\ 8 U Tl M '*"'•*•• C*r*invmy case undertaken.' T
men \\m Write for Book - pnii.«««pnY«fi
f ' I | V MAltaiACK. MAILED FREE. ( A f
X fl/j. valuable bock for men) \
V DK JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 if art? t St.. S. P. 9
¦iwf of? tI^SI not_P«rmlt & completa descripUon of the incompar- ena saajk B9B E3I
f^m »,i£S?~ ¦''I r S 9^i mW 4i ln urethral diseases. Every sufferer B*" B^| jT" W^
f^,? -.wm r t5? d i ts^ ffsprIn P. ProstaUtis and Seminal Weak- H H^fl i g
rmI (nw.ii^«^i? ;tho St- James Association; 250 St. James g. g^ S3 g3
&J?*V»,P 1 J?5^ matl v.°I? lo «f orth e^' wonderful illustrated work show- g" g^a ST t\
lSfu^*^S^h *v. f ¦•¦ the v human system Involved in urethral all- H gig H
?repiid^«? ; y^' sen * securely wrapped In plain package. | g 1 Una B»
Si* James: Assn., 250 St* James Block, Cincinnati, Oi
Varicncle Is an accumulation of slnjc-
rlsh hlood in th» veins of tha scrotum,
due solely to imperfect circulation, and
ha« its orlsin In a diseased and torpid
T'ostat* Gland. Operations m this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device y^t discovered has cured
a sinela case. Gran-Solvent heals tha
r»ro«tatf» and restores healthy circulation.
Yarlcoc*l<» dlsanpears and the sluggish
accumulation 1" replaced by - pure.
healthy red blood.
Tho«sandi» of m<«n atrietured. wealc.
«-»«itlne and «!«>sr ri ncl en t were cured and
bv the' St. James method last
ve-»r A vj>.st army of men in whom tha
i'cht of HfV ba-» penetrated the fearful
nlphtmare of stricture and seminal fl«-
cay.' . '
Varicoeele.
The St. James treatment is prepared ia
the form of Crayons. • very narrow,
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble, which
are inserted into --the water passage at
night, where they dissolve and deposit tha
medication in its full ¦ strength upon tha
Prostate Gland, contracting and strfneth-
pninsr the ductsi and FOREVER STOP-
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
curing whll j the patient sleeps.
INTERNAli DRUGGING TO RUIN THB
STOMACH. The St. James treatment la
local, direct and positive.
Urethral Stricture
In 15 days; -without pain, injury or Ineon-
.venlence.^ The bougies ara Inserted at
nleht and act -while you sleep." "Gran-
Solvent, removes every symptom of stric-
ture, leaving th© canal as healthy as when
nature formed it No BltUTAL. fTTT
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTTONq
TO IRRITATE- THE lIEMBRANa NO
Dr. - Carter's ."Gran-Solvent" «olubl»
Bougies jwUi- dissolve, digest and forever
remove H " . '..*•' -
-¦ • -t^-' we answer the
fcic^^^,, questions briefly, ir
> . ' sS Sk- p cut an artery
I *IwS£*m ln y° u r arm you do
L^ JSS&S^k not tak * internal
JiRb TmTDiBP medicine to stop the
/ tS*XmA flow of blood. N YOU
VX JX"JB > USE LOCAL AP-
K Tm^FW PLICATIONS. Sim-
'[•j.7 /; «'JC ' "arty when the ure-
<_^>^JL thfal .ducts become
3R /Tv>jKV#-i weak ened and re-
(ffMTfaiY trgJWr lous to take inter-
>' -*, nal threat men t,
which must pass through the stomach
and urine - before It reaches the seat of
disease. The seminal ducts project Into
the urethral canal - through . the Prostate
SSffinSiNT * as " y r - ached by LOCAL
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun-^IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
/) jHWv y° u mus t
/ I K 'V^V smokc-a
.^9^ WKm HI OH flH W VHI cjH
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Distributers.
r Solid Oak Parlor Table $1.25
J Our stock of Furniture, Carpets
and Draperies is composed of
the latest designs.
Get an estimate from us on " I
everything required to furnish
your : entire, establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
100 miles. We close at six.
T. Brifliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
1 Soldiers in f lie Philip^ "^^^^^^ I
I pine Islands h% the Gov- /^P^^^^^^9h I
|S Fifty tons of candy have been sent to the soldiers In the
m Philippine Islands by the Commissary Department of the army during sfeSliL "M W S^&Si H
p3 the last three months and large amounts to the soldiers in Cuba and *~ :^^^fW?I^SS^<^^ liiHii L, Jui /\ H l^^lQ'^S^^* 1 W
&t This is done upon advise of the medical officers of the army, % ll
Ep3 because it is a physiological fact that a moderate consumption of '* yjm Jraiil^BiMalilffliS i^ >^^'' SJa R|
|p confectionery promotes heal th.and satisfies a natural craving of the Bk
j|g Candy was neTer furniBhed to the United States army before, although it has been commonly used as a ration by the French and British ; M
troops in the tropics. - g|
fi^ This explodes another old-fashioned theory that sweets were injurious to the digestive organs, while a moderate use of sweets is actually beneficial- IS
gj Very few things are injurious and the food cranks who advocate the use of a few grains and vegetables and decry the use of sweets and "meats H
|H ara in error, as a wholesome variety of meat and vegetable food is absolutely necessary for the maintainence of the highest condition of health. • • I
Jp| The best rule to follow is to eat what the appetite craves, and if there is any trouble in digesting meat and sweets the difficulty can be readily H
ggg overcome by the regular use after meals of some saf« digestive composed of pepsin and diastase, which will assist the .stomach by increasing the Eli
P4 ** ow of £ astric J uice an(l f urni sh the natural peptone lacking in weak stomachs. v §»
¥$ J& %i^^^^\ The best P re P ar ation of this kind is probably Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may Wk
\M jv^ fi^» Dr. Harlandson recommends as the safest and sureBt cure for sour stomach (acid ffij
m df^ • *F^P dyspepsia) the daily use after meals of an excellent preparation, sold by\ druggists under 11
''¦H O^ 1^^ the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. These tablets are large 20 grain lozenges, pleasant Kl
\lM »s»- <'*-*"VV^^^^^^fcw#r^-3k^A t0 the taste and containin^ the natural peptones and digestive elements necessary to good §H
H : ?ft Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets used regularly after meals digest the food promptly and El
Pi t^^^^Silj^^-^ n 5^ ii '\^" i^!^ thoroughly before it has time to ferment, sour and poison the blood and nervous system. ¥4
IM hW^ftMzm Dr ' Wuerth Gtates that he inyariably uses and recommends Stuart's Dyspepsia H
P*l W^^^^^^^-^i^^S Tablets in all forms of stomach derangement and finds them a certain cure not only for O
m i^W—J^mS^^^M sour stomach, but by causing prompt digestion of the food they create a healthy appetite, H
*^Hl^f^^^^Ote^^^^^^_i ¦' • * ¦ '• increase flesh, and strengthen the action of the heart and liver. §1
S Rev - J " R ' Hoag ' of w y more » Nebraska, writes: For six years I have been troubled 11
fH lJ j- Jt !iliiii?f/ / with dyspepsia. Last fall I became very much alarmed at some symptoms of heart trouble Hi
HI J$#£jft$&' jf ' and came to believe there waB a sympathetic relation between the two diseases, or rather, H
g§ §*^#hW /[ that the stomach trouble was the cause of the heart disturbance. I hit upon Stuart's Dyspepsia m
M fiMfflS lK\ W^y^^^^K Tablets for a remedy and invested a dollar and a half for three boxes which lasted me ~fl|
KB t-n^^f --t>v - three montb^ and ! can eat an J kind of f ood I wa nt and' have a good appetite. • i
X $M% 1 *^ '"^°"*"^^v^** '' vj|%v Although I am seventy-seven years old, I now feel perfectly well and without being re- B§|
Wi '$$£& A '^^^ M^ quested by anyone I make this statement 'as a compliment to the virtues of Stuart's Dyspep- 9
M '$$$ Xr^^h^^^^^M^^^^ Mrs.LydiaBartram, of Assyria, Mich., writes: I. have suffered from stomach H
fe3 "x^J V trouble for ten years and five different doctors gave me only temporary relief A Mr E H
M rf^'S ' "^v?^^^^S^iglM\ R -^ge advised me to try Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and four boxes did me more perma- M
Hi £ f:| ] '^^5'^^^iW^0^a|j Wvb nent benefit than a11 tn6 do . ct or 8 ' medicines that I have ever taken. • . f||
PI I We honestly believe that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the best medicine ever H
|s V J if made for the cure of stomach troubles. • • • ";^ ¦ -; n
III wliM Years ° f USe have demonstrated tne Talue and effectiveness of Stuart's Dyspepsia 1
1 lifllSlVflV r I
I iUnUfll I
I Ann |hls Grea! Trala I
9 runs bat brica |]
I I1BSDH Its I
I yjjj. Leaving at 9 tm, fj
fej I ilt ''-''mm '¦ * . Emt
p i! arrives In |j
I paiirnnwn ChlM8Oat213 I
I CILIFOBhII I
SiisiiTFn ~ I
I LI ill II IV tit bl& Hindu* I
M nu ofsarvlcsfs S3
I 0N folly maintains*. |
§ eiyji [L I
I vmui IT I
ADVERTISEMENTS.Automobile for Chief Sullivan.
The Fire j Department has at last .been
enabled to secure ari automobile for Chief
Sullivan which will prove . strong enough
to stand the strain which will be imposed
upon It by the hills of San ' Francisco.
A few evenings ago Sam Sue Su at
tempted to commit suicide, by hanging
herself, but she was discovered before she
could accomplish her purpose.. At the re
quest of Mr. Woodworm, \ Dr. Morrison
made a physical examination of the pris
oner and found that she was far advanced
In consumption. • Under such a combina
tion of distressing circumstances Mr:
V/.ocdworth decided to commit a legal er
ror on the side of humanity, and had the
v^man released, to be cared for by her
friends. . ¦ ' -
. Mrs. Sam is a widow,; 5S years old. She
came [ to . San Francisco [ forty years ago
with her husband," a cook, arid .never left
here. During a- portion of the period dur
ing. which registration was going on under
the terrii3 of the Geary act, she was .con
fined to. her room by sickness, and partly
because of that fact and partly becauseof
her ignorance she failed to get registered.
Ihn old woman appeared last week as .a
witness in the deportation case of Jeung
Lin Heung,. a female slave, and admitted
onithe witness stand that she had not
btcr registered. She was arrested in the
courtroom 'and since that time has been
helri a prisoner In the County Jail, awalt
inp her examination, the only result of
-which would be her deportation; sick and
superannuated as she is, to China, to
starve among strangers.
An act of humanity was performed yes
terday by United States District Attorney.
Wcodworth ,. when 'he/ appeared before
United 1 States Court Commissioner Hea
cock and , secured the dismissal of the
cltaTge /against- Sam Sue Su, an old
woman, 'who had -been. arrested for being
illegally In this country.
.United States Attorney
: WobdwortK Shows .
. : ?? Mercy. ,
HUMANITY RISES
ABOVE THE LAW
Killed by a' Fall.
•;>" Patrick ' Corrigan, a'- stevedore,- 5 . died ; tn
St."'; Mary's*; Hospital 'yesterday?" from' in
jurIe9*recelved\by-a'fall-intoHhe'hold of ;
the ' steamer • Gaelic ; on * June 10.
After^the - case'^had 'been . disposed of
United v States District; Attorney ¦ Wood
worth said that a programme had been
decided upon and that on Jlondaya mo
tion would be made -to -dismiss the habeas
corpus . proceedings '."without : - prejudice.;
Then Su would-be- served -.with, the-war
rant .'of arrest and the matter; would be
before the court ¦'-. for.' decision - as : to the
right of Su to be in-this country, v -•
¦ Mr.";- Wood worth • added that the friends
of Su. would deposit: $2500- bail for, him, so
that he might: have comfortable; quarters
among , his friends. ¦ ; L -\ , '--:- ¦ - ;
: Judge de Haven .remarked: 1 that he was
ready to decide the matter. then and there,
but that, > as ya. postponement had .been
moved, he would gTant the motion.? The
prisoner was then taken to the County
Jan.., , - . smatmo/Smmi mrsgjMi maatw *lto*
When the habeas - corpus matter, , In
which Su Shlh Chin wxis" the corpus. .was
called yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court, Samuel. M. ShortrWge,'of
counsel 'for the Chinese reformer, moved
for a postponement : of the > hearing i until
Monday morning, : owing to 'the fact that
Su's section 6 certificate is in possession
of Customs Collector Stratton. who will
return from Santa Monica to-day. . ' • -
to Decide His* Right to
. Remain.;
United States District Judgsde Haven
REFORMER SITS CASE
OVER TILL MONDAY
Dewitt B. Young, the accomplice ! of
George T. McDonnell In the attempted]
manufacture of a die for making counter
feit ¦ dollars, was released from custody
yesterday by *h.e Federal authorities, h»
having appeared at the trial as a witness
for the Government. 9SBWmt^t%3tM
McDonnell's Accomplice Released.
¦ . '¦-¦'¦
Marvin Ford, the shoe salesman who
.knocked Lee Leong senseless and stole
a bag -of money from him -and who was
in " consequence convicted of. "highway
robbery, was sentenced by Judge Lawlor
yesterday. The court adjudged that Ford,
should serve ten years In the State prison
at San Quentin.
' j "When the' case was called the defend
ant's attorney. Colonel Barry, made &
motion for a new trial* on the ground ot
alleged improper Instructions of ths
Judge to the jury on the question of In
sanity, or ¦ transitory mania. He argued,
at .length on the. motion, but the Judge*
denied it and refused arrest of judgment.
¦ In passing sentence the Judge, after re
viewing the history of the charge, said In
part: • • •
Let there be no delusion as to the question o£
the defendant's merttat responsibility. This
court Is flnnly of the belief that he found him
self at the close of the races on the afternoon
of February 15 desperately in need I of money
with which to enable him to continue in his
demoralizing course. Ha was practically pen
niless, 'and for the purpose of providing: him
self with funds and with a showing of law
lessness almost inconceivable he planned tha
crime which has brought him to the bar of
justice. That is the plain truth about this
case.
Ten Years in State Prison
for Lee Leong's
Assailant.
COURT DECLARES
FORD WAS SANE
For: those who may have the time and
means to make visits to outside points
excursions have been arranged to various
parts of the State. -A six-day trip to Yo
semite at moderate prices is expected to
attract many. : : - . : - .
Other excursions will be given to Pacific
Grove, Del Monte, Monterey, Santa Cruz,
San 1 Jose, Mount Hamilton, ' Palo Alto,
Mount .Tamalpais, the Geysers, Big .Trees
and Napa and Sonoma valleys. A special
rate to Alaskan points has also been se
cured, and excursions to Southern Cali
fornia will- be arranged later. . • . <
Many of ' the visitors also may be In
clined "to locate in California, and an in
formation bureau will be established
which will give them an accurate idea of
the benefits to be derived from coloniza
tion. Competent, guides will be furnished;
who will • conduct the delegates to all
points of Interest. *
Daily trips will be made to the park,
the . military reservation - and the water
front. -All visiting Easterners take great
interest in Chinatown, and , excursions
through that section of the city will be
made a particularly prominent • feature of
the entertainment. The attention of min
isters and missionaries will be directed
to .the missions for foreigners, which are
conducted 'in this city by the Methodist
denomination.
-The entertainment and recreation to be
afforded the thousands of .visitors; who
will attend the 'international convention
is a matter of much concern to the Ep
worth League officials who have the pre
liminary arrangements in charge. It is
felt that although the convention Itself
will be of paramount interest to the dele
gates many of those I who , coma have
never been in this section of the country
before, and will therefore be desirous of
seeing something of the beauty and re
sources of the State. Accordingly special
attention will be paid to this feature of
the convention. .
Opportunities \ Given to
- Visit of
• Interest.
ENTERTAINMENT
FOR DELEGATES
The executive committee appointed by
the representatives of the commercial
bodies of San Francisco and vicinity to
arrange for the official visit of the Rivers
and Harbors Committee of the House of
Representatives has submitted a definite
programme to Chairman « Burton of the
Congressional party. The visitors will
probably arrive in the city on next Tues
day afternoon, but they have written that
they possibly may not come until ."Wednes
day. The programme .will cover a period
of four days. :-.¦ ' " '
Or Thursday the party will go to Oak
land and inspect the needs' of that city.
Friday will be devoted. to a survey of the
bay of San Francisco, visits to Vallejo
and Napa. On Saturday the visitors will
again take a bay trip for the purpose of
observing other points where improve
ments are desired. Sunday will be left
free for divine worship, rest and recrea
tion. The committee will leave for Stock
ton on Monday morning. .
Outside of the official programme, there
will be receptions and visits to various
points of interest. ¦ In this connection.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of-Com
merce says: *
"The statement that the Century Club
will entertain the ladies of the party is a
mistake, as the ladles of the party are to
be shown the sights of the city and sur
rounding country in accordance with the
suggestions of the California Congres
sional deleeatlon."
The personnel of the party is as follows:
Theodore' E. Burton (chairman), Mr. and
Mrs. Waiter ReeveR, Roswell P. Bishop and
son, Mr. and Mrs. Ernest F. Acheson, Mr. and
Mrs. Page Morris, Mr. and Mrs. de Alva
Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Tongue
and daughter. Mr. and Mrs. George P. Law
rence, Mr. and Mrs. James H. David
son Mr. and Mrs. Rufus E. Lester, Mr. and
Mrs. John H. Bankhead and Miss Richardson,
Mr. and Mrs. Philip D." McCulloch and daugh
ter Mr. and .Mrs. Albert 6. Berry, Mr. . and
Mrs Thomas H. Ball, Mr." Ellis, secretary;
Frank H. Hitchcock, chief of the Bureau of
Foreign Markets of the Department of Agri
culture- Mr. Henche, stenographer, and Mrs.
Henche; Mr. Crist, messenger.
The local committee in charge of ar
rangements is composed of the following
named: .
William M. Bunker, chairman Chamber of
Commerce: Thomas J. Parsons, Board of Trade
of San Francisco; A: Sbarboro, Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association;. Moses Greene
baum. Merchants' Association; Judge N. 1\
Chipman, California State Board of Trade;
George E. Plummer, committee on commerce.
DONT GET LEFT.
Radical Time Changes, Coast Division
of Southern Pacific." -v;V
: Beginning Sunday, the 16th; 'morning
train for Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Del
Monte, Monterey, leaves 8 a. m. instead of
9 a. m. Afternoon train from these points
arrives 7:30 p/rru instead of 4:10 p. m. *
by : the ' German Savings and Loan Society, on
property -on the corner of Mission and Spear
streets. ', ' ¦-•;. ";¦*.'..'." ' '.¦> . . ¦¦ .,. ¦ '¦.,- j ¦', ' v
..Among the releases and reconveyances
the more prominent were the following: '•
Estate of A. V C. Whitcomb '. to Charlotte F."
Clarke, 45:10. on the southeast lino of Market
street, near Main, and the southeast corner' of
Mission and' Spear 6treets, for $33,000;: German
Savings and Loan Society. to" Mary E. Marshall,
northwest corner - of . Washington ' street and
Central avenue, for • $18,500; :• Charles Bach to
James, and Katherine A. Herrmann, ( the south
west corner of Green and Webster streets, and
40x80, on' the. east' line : of r Stockton .street, '50
fe«t south from Sutter, for $25,000. 1. :•' •: t •
police yesterday that Dr. F. Grosshauser
had obtained money from, her on the
promise that he would marry her, and she
wanted him arrested. She was taken to
the warrant clerk's office by Detective
Cclcman, but as she stated that she had
given him the money voluntarily no war
rent could be issued.
Miss Arndt's story was that -she was in
troduced to Grosshauser In Chicago last
February. He made love to her and in
JIarch he left Chicago for this city, where
he told her he was to practice his pro
fession. He wrote her to come here and
join him, and she arrived in April. He
borrowed 150 from her, as he said he
verted it to purchase a practice from a
physician. Then learning- that she had
$S(W In the care of her uncle, John From
hotz of Mustin, Juneau County, Wis., she
says he induced her to write her uncle
for the amount and aEked her to make
the order payable to him.
She wrote her uncle but had not "yet
heard from him. She learned that
Gsosshauser was fooling her and did not
lrtend to marry her. so she wired her
uncle not to send the .money, but she is
afraid he may have done so and it might
have got into Grosshauser's hands.
fehe was left penniless in this city and
had to take service with a family at 746
He yes street.
SAYS HE GOT HER MONEY
BY PROMISE OF TvrA-R.-R.TAoy.
Miss Augusta Arndt complained to the
Entertainment for the
Legislators is Ar
ranged.
CONGRESSIONAL
PARTY COMING
tion. ¦' • ••
There is no excuse or necessity for the lack
cf attention to the matter of returns on the
part of the commanding officers, which the
above- list Indicates. If a large number of
commanding officers can forward their returns
to that they reach these headquarters witbla
the proper time, as they do. there is no reason
¦why every one cannot do so.
The following promotions are announced
In the First Battalion of Artillery:
Battery A. Sergeant William Conn to be
quartermarter sergeant: Battery B, Private
Louis H. Barieu to be corporal: -Battery D.
Privates Edwin L. Green (vice Utschig). Fred
erick R. Halgh and Ellery D. Mont rose (vie*
Wrin) to be corporals.
Captain Thomas A. Nerney, command-
Ing the naval militia, left this city yes
terday on a tour of inspection of the divi
sions of the naval militia, except the one
a,t Santa Cruz, which will be inspected by
Lieutenant Thomas S. Harloe. Captain
Nerney will inspect first at Santa Bar
bara, then at San Diego, L«os Anffeles and
Eureka.
TS*- Celar in receipt of return of Company
A, Sixth Infantry, was evidently caused by
a mistake at regimental headquarters, which
necessitated the return of paper for correc-
The following named are announced in
orders from general headquarters as hav
ing failed to make returns for the month
of April within twenty-one days after the
close of the month, as required by regu
lations:
Ensign John F. Murphy. First Division,
Naval Militia of California; Lieutenant Thomas
6. Haxloe. Second Division,- Naval Mllltla. of
California: Lieutenant Koscoe Howard. Third
Division, Naval Militia of California; Ueuten-
SJit Carl E. Lindsay. Fo'urth Division, Xavat
Militia of California; Lieutenant William T.
Bonney. Engineer Division. Naval Militia of
California; First Lieutenant Fred L. Martin.
Signal Corps. Third Brigade; Captain John D..
Fredericks, Troop D. Cavalry; Captain B. B.
Sturdivant, Company B, First Infantry; Cap
tain Francis Warren, Company H, First In
fantry; Captain Fred M. MUler, Company I.
Second Infantry: Captain J. P. Parnau, Com
pany A, tixth Infantry: Captain D. W. Mor
ris. Company D. Sixth Infantry: Captain
George W. Stewart, Company E, Sixth Infan
try; Captain George H. Magill. Company H,
Seventh Infantry; Captain O. P. Eloat. Com
pany K, Seventh Infantry; Captain H. E.
Mitchell. Company M, Seventh Infantry.
The adjutant general says:
Fail to Make Returns.
The following changes are noted in the
•First Infantry Regiment:
ll^JV* Edwa r* M. O'Reilly faas been re
rip^i. ? fro1 s Pecial fluty In the Quartermaster 1 s
cepartment and appointed regimental quarter-
Sofei 6er * eanl * vic * Martin H. Wilklns. pro
t^i^f 11 " own pe « u « s t. approved by the com
pany commanders. Corporal William H. Duser.
eerry of Company A and Corporal Henry Peln
ci company c have been reduced to the grade
of private soldier.
.ir^ 3 I^oraroendation of the regimental ex-
Mnlnlng board the following appointments and
P^^ OUons have been made: Corporal John
Wddie of C, Corporal Arthur Brown of F.
/ ™ e JL L * on M - Re y of F. Alexander Mver
SL^^;, 1 *- Mallett of H. to be eerseants;
iTivates Malcolm S. McXeill, Prank C Lingge
George F. Paul and William Bulger of C, Ed
ward Kellr and Charles A. Burnett of H.
James Reilljr, Joseph Murdock and ' Joseph
O Harra of A and W. D. Noder. S. O. Fales,
ivJ. arney an<J J - F - Dever, to be corporals.
Twenty-three men have been discharged from
the regiment, nineteen on account of removal
ana four at expiration of term of service.
Commissions Issued..
The following, commissions were issued
curler the last week:
A. P. O'Brien, to be captain and assistant
eurgeon. assigned to duty with the first bat
talion of artillery; Josiah R. Hotrell and San
lord L» Goldstein to be first lieutenants of the
first battalion of artillery- The former has
been appointed quartermaster and the latter
commissary.
Martin H. Wilklna to be second lieutenant.
In the First Inf antry.
Charles E. Havens and James A. ilargo to
be captains and Paul Coulter to be first lieu
tenant and Clement B. Argues to be second
lieutenant in the Fifth Infantry.
Henry Ia. Thcman to be first and G.' M. Boles
to be second lieutenant in the Sixth Infantry.
Georre L. McKeeby and Walter A. Greenleaf
to be captains, Thomas B. Johnson and Louis
I* Vestal to be first and Alvirus B. Stedman
to be second lieutenant in the Seventh Infan
try.
Georse E. Goodfellow to be lieutenant com
mander and chief eurgeon of the Naval Militia.
Changes in the First Infantry,
New Commissions
Issued.
National Guard Officers
Reprimanded in
Orders. ¦
MAKES CHARGES
OF NEGLIGENCE
To Henry M. Whiteley and John Lee by the
Hibernia Savings' and Loan Society $40,000. on
the property at the southeast corner of Qeary
and Larkin streets; $25,000 to George and Har
riet M. Hermann and Marcus J. and Lillian
Nelter by, the- German Savings and Loan So
ciety, on property on the southeast corner of
Green aad Webster; $50,000 to Joseph Malfantl
Loans and Releases.
The larger loans of the week Included
the following;
Progress in Building.
The Schmledel estate will erect a flve-
Btory and basement apartment house on
the" southwest" corner of Jones and Post
streets, the frontage to be on Post street,
the cost being $75,000. There will be eleven
apartments in the structure. The designs
are by John "White.
An apartment house will be built for the
West estate on the south line of Ellis
street, west from Larkin, three stories
high, to contain four stores and eight
apartments of five rooms each, the cost
being $18,000. C. A. , Meussdorff er is the
architect. . . •'
William J. Boyken will build a $9000 res
idence on the east line of Howard street,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
Dr. J. S. Ballard will erect a $9000 resi
dence on the south line of Jackson street,
east from Steiner. Newsom & Newsom
are the architects.
A five-story and basement frame build
ing to contain a store and fifty lodging
rooms, to cost $25,000, win be built for G.
L. Page on the southwest corner of Turk
and Leavenworth streets. • Martens &
Coffey are the architects'.
Charlotte Glein will erect a two-story
and basement frame residence on the
southwest corner of Waller and Buchanan
streets, to cost $5800. « • . .
- Anna L. Bauer will place a three-story
frame building, to cost $12,000, on Pacific
avenue, 137:6 feet west from Steiner street.
Mrs. Minnie P.-Shotwell will erect a six-
Btory lodging house, to cost $40,000, on the
west side of Fourth street, between Mis
sion and Howard.
NorthweEt line of Jessie street, between Sec
ond and New Montgomery, 40x69, with buildings
belonging to the lessee, which can be purchased
at two-thirds of the appraised value upon the
expiration of the lease; 60x60. on the north line
of Washington street, between Drumm and
East, with improvements, no lease; west line
of Dupont street. No. 719, between Sacramento
and Clay, 22:9x110, with improvements consist
ing brick buildings with frontage on both Du
pont street and Wavtrly place; southeast cor
ner of Fifteenth etreet and Julian avenue.
The properties belong to the estate of
Matthew Crooks.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction real
estate to-morrow and Easton, Eldridge &
Co. will auction on Tuesday.
The Umbsen catalogue embraces the
following holdings:
Properties at 23S Sixth street and 69, 71 ana
73 Harriet street, running through 155 feet,
with improvements consisting of a store, a
lodging-house of eighteen rooms and three tene
ments; property on the east side of Stockton
Etreet, with a frontage of 275 feet and facing
137:6 on Beach and North Point streets; the
southwest corner of Market and Twelfth,
streets, having- three frontages and partly cov
ered by a store, a" cottage and three flats; a
three-story and basement building at 454, 45C
and 45S Hayes street, with lot 23:6 by 120 run
ning through to Ivy avenue; lot, 25 by 75, with
improvements at 465 Minna street; the prem
ifees at 1904 Devisa-Jero street; the northwest
corner of Howard and Twenty-sixth' streets,
60 by 60 feet; lot and cottage at 509 Steiner
etreet; the premises at 509 Lombard street;
property at 2120 Howard street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth; lot and cottage at 31
Eureka street; lot, .25 by 75, with two. cottages,
at 440 and 442 Harriet street, and the foreclos
ure sales of the premises on the east line of
Folsom street, 60 feet north of Twenty-first,
and on the east side of Folsom street, 85 feet
north of Twenty-first.
Easton, Eldridge & .Co. will offer the
following:
Properties of the estate of Angela R.' Scott,
consisting of a lot. 137:6 by 127:8^. on thesouth
weEt corner of Sacramento and Franklin
streets, In the Immediate vicinity of the resi
dences of I. W. Hellman, I. N. Walter, Philip
Lilienthal and A. P. Hotaling; the half block,
bounded by Point Lobos and' Twenty-eighth
avenues and Clement street, and a lot. 25 by 80
feet, on the west line of Mission street, 1S5
feet south of Eighteenth street; lot and resi
dence at 3942 Clay street. 179:2*4 east of First
avenue; a lot, 25 by 109, with cottage, on the
fcouth. eide of Twenty-fourth street, 115 feet
west of Ban Jose avenue; building lots on the
southeast corner of Van Ness avenue and
Chestnut street and on the southeast corner of
Van Ness avenue and Francisco street; the
residence at 2302 Bush street, north side. 25
feet west of Lyon etreet; a University Home
stead lot, belonging to the estate of Angela R.
Scott, on the west side of Ion street, 100 feet
eouth of Bacon street; a Mission building lot
and a cottage in the same district.
The catalogue for the referee's sale to
bo conducted by G. H. Umbsen & Co-, at
14 Montgomery street, at noon, June 24,
embraces the following properties:
Realty at AuctionI
Thomas Mage* & Sons report the sale of a
lot and improvements on ' the south line of
Mission etreet. between Beale and Main, 43:10
X137:6, with brick building:,, for $16,300, ¦
David Clark has sold the south-west cor
ner of Second and Howard streets, with
improvements, the lot being 29:3 by SO feet,
for $29,300.
The Jacob Heyman Company reports
sales as follows:
Two lots on Forty-ninth avenue, 50x120,
$1400: lot 25x120 on the west line of Forty
eighth avenue, $350; house of four rooms on
the corner of Ellsworth and Jefferson streets,
51300; two lots on the east line of Ninth ave
nue, 108 feet north from Clement street, 56x
120. $2000.
A. M. Speck & Co. report the sale of the
St. Paul's German Church' property on the
southeast line of Mission street, 275 feet south
east from Sixth, 67:6x130, with improvements,
fcr $36,000; also No. 821 Mission street. 34:4%
xl60, for $26,000. being the John Mannix prop
erty.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold for Mrs.
Bridget Morris to the Mercantile Trust
Company 28 to 62:6 feet on the north line
of Geary street, 28 feet east from Wil
liam street,, for $15,500.
The sales reported during the week by
the brokers have not been numerous. The
summer lull is on, but there are large
deals in store which may culminate soon.
Sales are reported by Easton & Eldridge
as follows:
House and lot 38:9x120 at 310 Fulton street,
$7500; two lots on east line of Woodward ave
nue, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth
streets, 25x70, $1250 each; house and lot 20x75
at 737 Minna street, east from Xlnth, $2800;
three flats and lot 25x100 on the north line of
Nineteenth street, 120 east from Dolores, $5200;
house and lot 25xS0, on the west line of De
Long avenue, 110 feet south from Waller
street. $2500.
Sales by Brokers.
Large figures appear on the records in
connection with the recent deals in city
realty. The corner of Third and Mission
streets, purchased by Thomas S. Wi'l
iams, 77:6 by 55 feet in size, brought $94,250.
The price obtained for a corner of Mission
and Spear streets, 91:8 by 137:6 feet, by
Mrs. Charlotte F. Clarke and Mrs. Les
lie A. Wright, the purchaser being Jos
eph Malfante, was $12,500. The northwest
corner of Ellis and Jones, 55 by 120, with
improvements consisting of the Marechal
Niel, brought Wa.OOO. The price for the
southeast corner of Geary and Larkln
streets, 70 by 137:6 teet. Was $70,000. as re
corded. The property of St. John's Pres
byterian Church, on the southeast corner
of California and Octavla streets, 68:9 by
137:6 feet, brought $20,000. the purchaser
being the board of trustees of Calvary
Presbyterian Church and congregation.
Property, 27:6 by 87:6, on the north .ine
of Sutter street, 50 feet west from Powell,
sold by Laura P. and Louis J. Harrison
to A. B. McCreery, cost the purchaser
$21,500, approximately. For 50 by 100 feet
en the northeast line of Nintli street, 125
feet northwest from Mission; for the
northeast corner of Montgomery and
Lombard, 137:6 by 137:6 feet; for the north
east corner of Hyde and California
streets, 77:6 by 80, and for an undivided
one-half interest in 25 by 50 feet on the
southeast line of Park avenue, 150 feet
northeast from City Hall avenue, $56,000
was paid by the Hibernia Bank, these be
ing the James T. Boyd properties, which
went at commissioner's sale.
City Realty Goes Steadily
Upward in Value on Its
Merita
Prices on Record Reveal
Solid 'Basis for
Estimates.
LOTS BRINGING
LARGE RETURNS
'.The only route* having through Bleeping
car service between; San Francisco and St.
Louis ; daily.-' Stoprovers | allowed at ¦ Salt
Lake 1 City. ; For ¦ full * information' ask fi£
M.;Fletchev 212 California street. ¦ •
VThe Missouri Pacific Limited"
Petitions^in Insolvency.
H.; H. Burflend, milk dealer,. San Fran
cisco, liabilities ¦ $1201, assets $250: Marion
Francis, merchant; Oakland, liabilities
$574, assets J20. •,,„ •
3 Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District, Court yesterday as
follows:' ¦¦¦" ?: .:'¦ ' ¦• ''••¦. ¦'¦; ' •: ¦ :i : "j ¦¦¦.
P. C. Kelly, assignee of the Boston,
will"; sell, ¦» beginning Wednesday, June 19,
at 10 a. m., for, three days only, 5000 hats.
All celebrated makes,' such as Dunlap,
Stetson, Knox,,Youmans; etc., will be sold
regardless of, their former price. " These
are the hats that , formerly belonKed to
the late ? Mr. ; Herman of Kearny street.
No need to mention the good qualities of
these hats.- They are. in all styles— fedora,
derby. Trilby, Alpine, Duke of York, etc..
in black," drab, brown, pearl, Oxford— all
shades. '..This sale will be for three days
only, namely .Wednesday,".: Thursday 7 and
Friday." Take notice, that the all-wool $20
men' s suits 5 will : only be sold to-morrow
for $4; 65. No clothing will be sold "Wed
nesday. Thursday and Friday, during, the
hat sale at the Boston, 773 Market street,
near Fourth. ,..,— V ' , •
To Every Man THat Wears a Hat
The explosion must have occurred a few
minutes before Blake -made his appear
ance, as the smoke was thick in the neigh
borhood of the safe when he entered. The
safe-crackers got' nothing for their
trouble.-- •--.•." . ¦.
It was at first supposed' that the safe
crackers had secreted themselves -in' the
basement before the j store was closed
Friday night, but the police think that
they entered the place early in the morrt
ing by way of the vacant store on Geary
street.'*; , :'. ; ¦.¦'-¦¦'. ¦¦¦" :.'.¦.:,..•¦ ; - -
The safe-cracker who was observed by
Blake was also seen. by William MacMee
kin, father of the janitor of the building.
Both he and Blake describe him as a man
about five feet, five inches tall, weighing
130 to 135.. pounds; black hair, unshaven,
sallow complexion and wearing, a dark
suit arid dark Fedora hat. .. ' .
Police headquarters was notified and
Detectives. McMahon and Rlordan were
dispatched: to the scene. - They found, that'
the pafe-cracker -had, after running . up
stairs, crawled out of a window in the
rear and passed, through a vacant store
at 121 Gcapy street to liberty. The tools
with which he : had been working were ly
ing beside the safe and belonged to the
Blcre. A hole had been bored in. the "dial
ot the safe and powder inserted and ig
nited, but it did not have force enough to
blow the door open. A "jimmy" had then
been inserted to force the door, but had
failed. The force of the explosion
knocked the Inside of the safe into pieces
and loosened the shelving near the safe.
• Blake went to the safe and discovered
that it had been- tampered with. He im
mediately^notified the police, and three
officers were quickly on the scene, but
they could , find; .no trace ¦: of the safe
crackers, as it 'was suspected there had
been' more" than one. • ,
A daring attempt .was made to blow
open the safe ln.Kohler & Chase's store.
26-28 O'Farrell street, early; yesterday
morning. When-Robert Blake, the book
keeper, entered the - place at 7 -o'clock he
was astonished 'to see a- strange man
there, and. when he asked the man what
he wanted he was more-astonished when
the stranger ran" upstairs and disappeared.
Futile Attempt, to Blow
Open Safe in Kbhler
& Chase'a : --
CRACKSMEN'S
RAID 0N STORE
THE '^ SAN^FR ANCISep PeALL;^
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISZ3GEINTS.
SENT FREE^TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy T&at
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor ;
;. to Men. -i
A Free Trial Paekaire Sent by Mall
. '-,; to All :Who Write.,
Free trial packages of a moat remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to- all who'
will write the State Medical - Institute.
They cured so many . men . who had bat-
tled for years . against the mental and
physical sutf ering of lost manhood : that
the Institute has decided to distribute fre«
trial packages to all who write. It la a
home treatment, and all men. who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
ol strength and memory, weak back, ?art-
cocele or emaciation of * parts can now
cure themselves at home.* ..
5 The* remedy has a peculiarly, grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired . location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases.' A' request to the State. Medical
¦ Institute. 328 *Elektron. building. Fort'
Wayne, Ind., stating- that you desire on»
of their free trial packages, will ba com-
plied with promptly. The Institute 13 d»-
sirous of .reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-,
ed. and the free sample will enable them,
to see • how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when, the proper remedies
are employed. The ' Institute ' makes no>
restrictions. Any man who writes, will b«
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that Its • recipient need
have no' fear of embarrassment or ¦ pub-
•lldfy." 5 ;- Readers are requested to writ*
without delay./.jtatefeaguffife^taggd
"I have taken no medicine, . but my
¦teady diet of Grape-Nuts Food has given
za» Btrecstb, health and memory."-
"I have lately had a seven-months*
course of vocal Instruction and have
memorized 58 songs and most of the ac-
companiments besides «' several piano
pieces. When I started in it seemed
difficult to memorize one, but my memory
has been growing better every day and I
now find it easy to commit to memory
¦without difficulty. , i'-'i'v*^ '¦'/<:
Mrs. G. H. Baber, 528 South . Paulina
street, writes, "I had a terrible siege of
gastritis; my stomach refused everything
In the way of food until I got hold of
Grape-Nuts. It was perfectly wonderful
and marvelous to see the difference. I be-
gan to improve at once. I weighed myself
about that time and found that I had 118
pounds to my credit. I gained in weight,
strength and health steadily and rapidly,
and now weigh 160 pounds and am strong
and in better health than ever in my life.
Grape-Nuts Food was made especially
to rebuild the brain and nerve centers.
An experience In Chicago .will illustrate.
Now we know that daily use of the
brain uses up certain parts that are
thrown out through the pores to the outer
surface of the skin. This waste is natural
and must be made up from food.
It Is hard to believe that certain kinds
of food will strengthen the memory, and
yet. upon the condition of the brain de-
_ pends the character of the mind, and its
power to remember, and to exert itself
in various ways and a healthy brain can
only be maintained by well selected food.
The Kind That Builds Up the Brain.
FOOD TOR MEMORY.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
There are lots of lotions, oils; and salves
that will, through : their soothing : influ-
ence, relieve temporarily the pain incident
to piles. But is that all the sufferer; re-
quires? Isn't- it .a horrible thought to
realize that the ease is only temporary
and the disease goes on under the surface
without : a - , moment's.: - interruption?
Wouldn't'- it- be' ''wiser,! to select, a remedy
that seeks the source and regulates those
deep-seated -disorders; which induce . the
disease? - Pyramid Pile Cure rufc only re-
lieves the pain at once, but efWcts a per-
manent cure of the worst form. of. piles.
You don't have* to Bo'^through ,a -tedious
course of dieting while using it; either, j It
strikes through those delicate membranes
and tissues and sets the blood in healthful
circulation, -reducing at once the painful
inflammation and congested ttmors. ¦-¦ Thla
remedy is not a - haphazard ccShblnation of
drugs, but is a, remedy; invented -by spe-
cialists who ; have treated piles and blood
disorders ; successfully for years. .Manu-
factured' by the ¦•Pyramid Drug ' Co. at
Marshall, Mich. ' .'Almost < any .'-first-class
druggist - has it , on ¦ sale." . Don't ; treat this
disease with -every lotion and ; salve that
comes along. . Remember, the, parts affect-
ed are among the most delicate in the hu-
man body. • This remedy is absolutely safe
and no one need fear to apply.it freely on
the most' lnflamed^parts.":iThe: speed with
whlch'-it^'allays^ the- pain Is ! an agreeable
surprise to the sufferer.? ";; ; * •«.•..
tb-e Disease.
A Pile Cure That Goes to the Boot of
STRIKES THE SOURCE.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. - | ." JOE^^ROSENBERG'S. , | ; s JOB EOSMBEBG'S. ¦ | 'JOE ROSENBERG'S. V | / V : : JOE * ROSENBERG'S. ¦
li PRICE AND QUALITY IM OUR WASH Slit JUNE SALE OF; LADIES' KNiT UNDERWEAR GLOVES! GLOVES! \\ \ V\ B
PI '¦¦;,'. ':¦¦:¦ DEPARTMENT. V.V.'V-: -¦'••:¦ • V. V- OF EXTRAORDINARY MERIT. ' The reputation of this department for \ \ \ \l H
inBJ ' ' These are facts we wish to emphasize. .-. LADIES' VESTS, made of extra fine South Sea Island cot- %°£? t Z™Z l vafues^have'onlv \ \ V \«
Si r<m I - s . Ao t^ orcinaP0S " ion !, <>d<> ,T, ,¦ • hrSu^^^sv&js s&& /SFs,s4&isHffi Stta^ S5 T* 3ss :-' \ \ H
|3ffi|. LADIES' SHIRTWAIST SUITST made of best linen or silk tape-worth inspecting .. 3f) e re J V^J^ ~ « ' \ \ vM
gglSj lawn, waist cut alter regular ! shirtwaist patterns, cluster ALSO LADIES' VESTS made of best thr PP throarl r-nttm-T LADIES' CAPE GLOVES, made of best \ \ l«l
g£S tucked back, full front, new Bishop sleeves, fancy adjustable. '¦ ¦ ;Iow neck no "sleeves lieM wdpht suttlblc for su^er wea?^ quality Russia leather, pique sewn, one- I -\ \ SB
mm -collar, stitched fly. skirt seven-gored flare; colors tan. pink. n ° e W k "^d arm-size crocheted^and drawn thfouen^Htn taoe clasp ' " Paris Point" stitched b^ck. Can't \ \ W
|S||| and white. Beat in quality, lowest in price.:. .^^^ be distinguished from ¦ the* jrenuin* \ 1 ....-fl
H GOLF VESTS AT IMMENSE REDUCTIONS. FANCY SIMMER HOSE AT PRLES BEYOND EMBROIDERIES.^ . I J-^lM
BXS&i' f-i Manufacturers' surplus stock bought by us* . _ r»n tvrr ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦',' tj=o.4,t». -n« ,,<,i..«<. , «- \ **. I .-^' 3 SB
111 B j» • at SOconthe dollar and sold to you v accord- ; BELIEF. *«*« £»»« n^:::::::;::' i!!?^ \£** \jS^ I
ESaPi! fjOfet lngly> ¦' V ¦"•¦."'. S \l I fcfWV LADIES 1 HOSE, made of very best Pe- Regular 25c values now 10c »-^ I £§
ESSeS.I xStf-Ylvs* - LADIES' GOLF VEST?, made of very best f " €y : .\y '"' ruvlan cotton, fancy coiors, with all new Sale on bargain counter, Market-street entrance. ' 1
EssZsi U'/ V^c' zephyr, hand knit, neck, front and arm size iZeL figured patterns, in black, blue and red, . jM,
LgRSS; v'V^r^SA bound with best quality all-silk tape, well UOSIFTWW warranted fawt colors, double heels and • S\l F OF VVHITF fiflfin^ AT A MOST 11IR3I
PPi* MX X& made button holes, good strong bone buttons, • MUOiw ?*> toes, full length, extra elastic— beyond <jn , 1 - 1 - "¦ vtiiiil. ""UUJ /\ I J\ WVOI II HH
ESS*' frW\ \* in al1 the newest Scotch plaid, In' warm, rich f\ ll^} competition at this price .2,")C • GPPORTIINF T!MF MB'
Hi A^£tUk_ shades or solid colors. Our tempting jpedal .- \*Om j^\]r^' , ALSO, LADIES TAN HOSE, made of '• • . ,_ hitii.. JSM.
&£«! - •">'«» •\b-s.7o '¦•• : Y* ; fl« A \\\ Y very, best quality Maco cotton, in new .A time when everyone needs it, not when you have no use 0K3
WlSPI . «¦> . t- ..\rv n .. ' .. "'¦ m± .«.i-rrr.r.»-— SL\1 *% TV** Parisian lace effect, ribbed or plain, high 4 for. it and when it is sciled and left over, but every pleca J fC9
S$M* A S^LE OF MORE THAN PASSING INTEREST-^ -VlJ^. 'spHced'heels and toes, doubfe soles-the f«sh and clean. . gBfl
l#^ .V J.!« .T.,^^^.,.^ ' *• small store's price 25c FIRST we have LADIES' SKIRTS, made of very best qual- H
Mm H OUR UNDERSK RT DEPT. . - * u >' soft bleached muslin, deep flounce trimmed with three in- SB •
-'¦ LADIES' UN^EKSKIRTS tmade of best quality linen, with ' NO ' LADY IN 1 HiS C TY SHOULD BE luffle^lulf iStt^^te'fSffSS Price laCeed ° e ' "W' 1
fgffl umbrella flounce, full lensth. extra wide. . The material alone VftT^fHIlT A VPI1 rume, imueDgm, extra lull-sale prtce •••""¦-"•••"•ol;45 K i -
will cost more than we ask 'for skirt 'complete,..,; 75c ••-.'¦.. WITHOUT A VEIL /^V® ' bei^as^vinf^muS^ith^teS inch I
E«g|| STILL GREATER NEWS FR3M OUR UNDERSKIRTS. ,: To protect her fa e from the high winds and ///Bffjv flounce of very best embroidery, extra STa
R^Cij LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of mercerized Italian dust and to keep ths hair from stragql ng. /^4j^vt dust rrffle. full length, extra wide— your jgg
Wirisi cloth, highly mercerized, some made with umbrella flounce We have nn <sni ( . tJik nwit-ti NnvFT TV vftt madu nf host f^rijC^dfAo^ \ moneys wn-rtn Sl.«o SIS
fel of three small luffles, others made with accordion pleated quality sewinf Ilk L\ hand embroidlJd silk dots all J AGAIN. LADIES' CHEMISE, made of MfW
fflgm\ flounce, extra dust ruffle, full length, very wide; colors pink. ,. ors i' Attract velv "nrir^fl embroidered silk dots, all^col -&J^^^5f/A best quality muslin, tucked yoke trimmed ||SB
blue, green, red and purple. Not one of these skirts has ever Aiiractiveiy.-pncea •••••;¦ •••••-. -*> c h embroidery and beading drawn MB
K|f sold for less than $1.50. Monday's special 9Sc' F(Ti!IAI 1 HBC IT VA^I CAW BW A\V I AT?CFT fcSttsg&ZffZK through with pink ribbon, arm-size em- J§
g^| . - •,-.•¦• ' ' LVUAL lnl5 If lUll Lflk\ IM AaY LUKoLI _£^»*B£e3a broidery trlmmed-a more dainty raiment £
m THE PRESENT WARKED ACTMTY .l\ OIR KOUSE. IN- 'FRISCO. "^^^ ill
iSSsSi NOTION DEPARTMENT LADIES' GIRDLE CORSETS, made of best qual- 'xSS* ' P°°^ "Fruit of the Loom" muslin, tucked SM
f*w itv Italian cloth; double side steels, rust-proof front ' o^^S^^rr flounce, trimmed with two insertions oC HI
5$2K*!jj #Z& Is due to the fact that our prices are In- X*J* steels, lace beading and t=atin ribbon trimmed top . .¦ torchon lace, finished with ruffle of lace — | fiSS
i^Sfi H^P'-^'^/^-SsS?^ va . rlab i y ! ?T er " l h n? f:1 . He "* vhere " Jier e is an V^S, a - nd bottom; colors, pink, blue and black. Our chal- beyond belief at this price T5c JP»
t3 Knt're sample Tin^of UELT BUCKLES. /fe^U ''"^ ""ci =! C fftDctT k'ftu/ ci sn NOW IS THF TIMF OF YFAR &*&*» PiS
KS^ consisting of solitaire set matrix, turquoise it^vl l S2 5U CORSET NOW SI. 50. IWVT 13 I HL I li>IL Vl lC.I\n. */?&£&¦•¦ \\Wm
and steel combination, plated, oxidized and \Vf^\/ NEW HRECT FORM CORSETS, made of best Evoryona is annoyed mire Or less *&/, Affi^[g2i.v ' I
r^^riHi 1 *»? Klin metal in all newest cieslg'ns. that give \jr//*J*v nnalitv Tt-nlian i^nn- Hmihlp clH^ c tp»k Viips m<i «. • «• ¦¦ . L'*7/ 'iMifi'HBtL ¦
$0\ , „. the new long waist front effect. Rosenbeje's IM&K S gored; 'cSt after newest staight-front model's;' by perspiration. Here ,S a way to W/^^^^^ I
W0Wl Way ° selhns 2i ' c • » new low-d!oping bust, well boned and made to flare: overcome this annoyance. '']( ££&* M
Jm "AND STILL TKE GOOD WORK GOES' ON." - k^\3?<^^'ZS^.^.^Si^ «« THE t , I(EW T^ smE fl lD ' 'ia^^/ ffl
feS^a 1 r . ~ .. ... . r.. . . r n n-LL " r nr c f t Fitter! Frpp hv Ttn»»tc -, They contain no rubber and are odor- -vB V£g£SS8&jY 2SI
pis*}! • The Cuttnq and Literal Giving Awjy of Our Ribbons. * b ? n-v ,. f , , 1 •' ' less and are free from all poisonous '^y^^TM/A 2©|
fe££3'| 5000 YARDS BLACK RIBBOX, made of very best quality • bale O iarreK-strect entrance. chemicals used in rubber shields; they Kgg&ZdfflAJBA " I
\i£0, taffeta silk, soft and washable. VVF ARE THF AGFISITS FOR THF RFN'. WNFD «sIA V/SDA" will .last longer than any other shield Igg fflgwjBS^^ i S^
¦ TVMHth q n-,. -tvMtvi iff ifi.. auLiyio run int nciKo niticu m la r»u* an( j are ijj,ht and cooling; warranted '{fife** • m
™th width 22:::::::::::::::::::::i2e corsets, ever worn o\e? • . washabie-our special g
Width 40 ....15c They are soft and pliable — although they are strong and a ciiinjr | IV5T fir I tmrC (DDHVC s8^
$&Fl' \V e Announce tie Last We r k ot Our Great durable; they are made of very finest o.uality Italian jean; A v?AiTlrLL LliML Ui LrtUlLo /\ri\Ui\3
Ml Fancy Neck Ribbon Sale. ' Don't M)SS It. Siihc^^is »?£ ©/===- ?° U^ <™™ a tr t V^ ™* £"> J"^ i9
mmi\ Wiath 40— FANCY RIBBONS, neck width, in fancy stripe with closest attention" paid to every trifling part, is bound to " *rByU»Ji ious to get them off his hands. We bought at ffj^J
ii*^!| combinations, figured or plain, in blue, pink, rose, green, lav- outwear three other corsets of the same price, but of inferior l -»J«jfiSrtn our own price, lou get the benefit of this deal. hExI
£4&«flj ender and white. Special while they last 12Vit5 make. Rosenberg's price, $3.50. 3r\a£S3&. Amon & them are: tagM"
P^T^I _ MllTV/ t.\t-r>t/\\rr- 1 r» at • ' • • ¦ /AXVV^?''' LADIES' APRONS, made of best white soft 9§B
(ft$r;j* L)Ali\l • NLLKWLASx AS "Kgr "* jfS^\k. '¦'-¦¦¦. 70 (if- \ \l dress . ed lawn, deep hemstitched hem, bib and ]3g&
K^Ssil black, veryfull and fluffj-, light and daln- _, ,_, ... i ~~_ .. P' e P rice • 1 — C SH;
tSS ty. suitable for summer wear: full accor- PHELAN 7tf T^B^JFCmT v^Tr^~~ ' ** AND MANY OTHER APRONS too numerous to mention. |£|i
KfK? dion pleated ends. Simply given away at 01111 r-M K\r /&£r 2~£i G? rMJ-*-*-^ 0 -*-*- •* — * JB AN6, MIND YOU, there is only one of a kind, some better and '. |f§
this price 81."48 DUILUINU wSffl 0-** — l- *|^ || f) FARRELL cheaper, so be the early bird and come early. .. | S3'Secretary . .Wisler. of the International
Association of Machinists would give the
name of the proprietor, claiming 'that his
business might be injured by such an an
"nouncement. . * Other, accessions 'to the
union ranks are ! in a few days
from the smaller shops. -It is denied that
ironworkers are accepting ten hours* pay
for a nine-hour day without the Increase
of 12% per cent asked in the original agree
ment. \ . ¦ ¦• .,: - -.
A number of striking machinists stopped
an electric car on which. was I* A. Miner
and L. M. Moore, non-union machinists
employed at the Risdon Iron Works, last
• night at the corner of Fremont and How
ard streets and threatened to drag the
two men from the car. They were pre
vented from doing so "by the arrival of
two policemen, who dispersed the gang
and escorted Miner and Moore* to their
home at 846 Mission street. ---. « .
At the request of a local tobacco manu
facturer a branch of the Tobacco Work
ers' International Union was organized
last night at the Turk-street Temple by H.
Gallagher, assistant secretary of the San
Francisco Labor Council. Sixteen em
ployes of .the firm were present, and the
new union was formed with the following
inanaed officers: , ....
1 -President. Leo Indig; vice president,
•Josle Kearny; treasurer, Maggie Kearny;
recording secretary, Mrs. Warhurst;
; financial secretary, Anna Kerrigan; suide,
;Maggie Gorman.
.'This is the "only organization of Its
kind west 'of the Rocky Mountains.
, The' porters and packers are somewhat
dissatisfied " at ' the date-July 1— upon
which they have decided to enforce their
new demands. After considering the mat
ter they have found that it is the custom
of wholesale houses to close about the
Fourth of July. Several days are 'gen
erally devoted to holidays about this time
and, as a consequence, but little incon
venience would be felt if the employes
walked out. " T
H. L. Harris, representative of tha Metal
Polishers' Association, which has been
out on strike for the last 1 six weeks,
claims that his remarks before th© Labor
Council were misunderstood. He claims
that he said, although he was gaining
weight, he was going into the country on
a camDing trip with his family, and
would be away two weeks. Out of the
seventy-five men that went out he says
fifteen are at- work.
Corrected Time ; of the Illinois.
WASHINGTON; June 15.-The corrected
time of Vthe 'ne> I battleship ''¦ Illinois,, raak
i5f.allowances i for the ' tidal varia "ions,* is
17.40, rcr slightly better than the unofficial
tune;first given. 1 • .r. v~: .-..- - -.•¦,-. ;;-
.Yosemite .Valley* via Santa Fe.
-The, Santa Fe* Is now carrying passen
gers •" via ¦ new stage -' line f from Merced.
.Plaiting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a." m.Y
on California, limited, other days 7:20
m! in. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
' tel. next afternoon, passing Merced • Big
1 Trees. "Buena Vista, the -Cascades, "and
Bridal Veil:Falls. en route.' -> .*- • •;
Ask about It at 641 Market street.,'. -Uf'-*
:'„¦".! ¦.:-.. —,-•/• -, -;•'. ; ¦.-;.;
SANTA ANA, June 15.— Santa Cruz will
have the State Christian Endeavor con
vention in 1902, Berkeley falling out of the
contest. to get the next State president in
the person of. L. S. Rodgers. The Santa
Cruz delegation' was well organized and
came down to Santa Ana bringing many
strong workers for the next convention/
Before they, had been- here twenty-four
hours almost the entire south' had joined
with them in their efforts to secure the
meeting, since which time there has-been
scarcely any doubt as to the result.
To-night resolutions were passed by the
convention expressing hearty thanks to
the city. 'of Santa Ana and the Chamber
of Commerce for the splendid entertain
ment given all the delegates. The nomi
nating committee reported the selection of
the tollowing officers for next year, the
convention ratifying the selection by'ac
clamation: 7 .••¦¦¦
_L,: a. Rodgers, " Congregational Church;
Berkeley, president; G. H. Wheeler, Pres
byterian, San Jose, first vice president and
superintendent, of the Tentn Legion; J.
f>, oss . Christian; Stockton, second vice
president and superintendent of Good Citi
zenship; Miss It.- Esther Smith, Friends,
Long Beach, third .vice president and su
perintendent, cf missions; Jessie O. Smith,
baptist, ->Los Angeles, general secretary;
R. R. Patterson, Presbyterian, San Fran
cisco, statistical secretary; K. C. , Lyon,
gaptist, treasurer; Mrs. Henry
S i ia , dle ; Cfcristiap, Madera, superintendent
of junior work;- L. L. Gregory, Presby
terian, Berkeley, assistant superintendent
of junior work; Marshall P. Black, Pres
byterian, = Palo Alto, intermediate super
intendent; Miss B.'M.'Llvermore, Presby
terian, Santa Barbara,: floating superin
tendent; Dr. Sarah A. Wise, Baptist, San
Francisco, Quiet Hour superintendent; A.
Lj. Munger, Fresno, ' carmen and commer
cial _ traveler superintendent. , ¦, r
¦_ The. Rev. Frank ;Abrara". Powell of the"
Oakland Christian Church delivered C a
Spiritual address on "What Think Ye of
Christ?". : : - . . ¦ • - - : : .
-.-'The "Rev. . Richard Tjader, evangelist,
from- New. York, arrived on the evening
train. from Los Angeles and was warmly
greeted ; by the Endeavorers. ' He deliv
ered an address . at ; the opera-house en
titled "Follow Me." .. ¦ /
State Society Completes
Its Labors at Santa \
Ana. :
ENDEAVORES
NAME OFFICERS
After waiting for a year to. elapse since
the estrangement between herself and
husband, Mrs, Margaret Olcese-Borlihi
has taken the necessary steps, to' secure
an absolute divorce from him, the grounds
to be desertion. The wife has conferred
with. her attorney, and as soon as the pa
pers can be prepared they, will be filed in
the Alameda County Superior Court. " . '
"We have been separated more than a
year now," said Mrs. Olcese-Borlini at her
home in Oakland yesterday, "and as that
is the statutory time .required for people
to be' separated before divorce proceedings
can be begun, I have decided to begin
suit. As for Mr. Borlini, I don't know
where he is and have riot heard anything
of him for a good many months." '.
Mrs. OIcese-Borlinl is the daughter of
Mrs. Margaret Olcese of 1030 ' Sixteenth
street, Oakland. As Miss Olcese she was
a leader in Oakland society. When she
married- Alfred • Borlini a year ago tho
wedding was deemed ' one : of the most
notable of a series -of society weddings
and was celebrated with great . pomp. -¦ .
But hardly had the sound of the wed
ding bells died away before it got abroad
that* young Borlini was a defaulter and
that his bride, having discovered the fact
first, had separated from. her husband and
gone back to the home of her mother.
The matter became public when Borlini
was charged with peculations, of money
by his employer, the London and San
Francisco Bank, with which Institution he
had been for many years. " He had con
fessed his crime tto his bride" ¦while they
were on their wedding tour, hoping that
her "well-to-do relatives would come to his
assistance;f.but when she. found -she had
been deceived she left « him. •¦Borlini was
then compelled to' confess his shortage to
his employers. Through . the : influence of
friends he escaped prosecution. It was
openly charged at the time of the , mar
riage that Borlini had deliberately wedded
the young woman in 'the : belief that hia
shortage would be made good after he had
become her-husband.- ¦ . i,-, _•.-*;
Mrs. Margaret Borlini Is
to Begin Acti6n
at Once;
Verus cufes piles, or $50 reward. For
pale by all druggists. . *
SHE WILL SUE
FOR A DIVORCE
Divorce Suits Filed.
, Suits for divorce on the ground of fail
ure, to, provide were filed yesterday try
Elisabeth Ryan against Christopher Ryan
and Addle M. Sorensen against William
Sorensen. Myrtle R. Goodman has sued
her husband, M. S. Goodman, for main
tenance and support.
BEES GO OUT ON STEIKE
AND CREATE DISTURBANCE
Hold Indignation Meeting at Polk
and California Streets to Woe
. of Pedestrians. . -
Tleldlng to the spirit of unrest that
eeems at present to permeate the
Kinks of labor, a hive of bees
that once lived in peace in the
rt-ar of a California-street mansion
Trent on strike at the blowing of the noon
whistle yesterday and swarmed down the
street until they peached the crossing of
the tracks at Polk street, where they
paused to discuss their grievances.
Pickets were sent out, perhaps to see
If any of the crowd had returned to work,
end then the bees began to demonstrate
the fact that their "business ends were to
the point." A California -street car - was
the first to pass through the swarm. An
eioerly lady and her son were seated on
the forward dummy. /The lady suddenly
uttered a thout and her son got off the
car to see who struck his mother with a
cobble. Then they went home.
Several men with whiskers began to
suggest waj's and means to "settle" the
bees for capture, but after the majority
had been harpooned they also went home.
The bees finally reached the conclusion
thet there was "more doing" in other
quarters and they departed as quickly as
they came. .
BAY COAST LIKE REFUSED
PERMIT TO BEGOT WOEE
Board of Works Says Ebad Will Cut
Into Main Sewer .
Outlet
The Board of Works notified the Super
visors yesterday that it will not grant a
permit to the Bay and Coast Railway
Company to grade certain streets, as its
plans will cut the main outlet of the
Xorth Point sewer. It will also be neces
sary to fix official grades along and ad
jacent to the proposed line. The action
of the Board of Works Is significant, as
the company Is required by the ordinance
to do ?25,000 worth of work before June 25
or forfeit its franchise, unless an exten
sion of time Is granted. The communica
tion says:
The company modified Its application by ex
pressing a wish to grade on Delaware and
Ocean avenues in accordance with the grade
fixed by the profile by it. This profile shows
the proposed railway as passing under Mis
sion street af Springdtle street. This cuts the
Xorth Point main, the main drainage ; of the
city, and cannot be allowed. Between this
point and Illinois street the proposed grades
are so low. that if the road be constructed
upon them the drainage from important dis
tricts will be seriously Interfered with. • The
board win therefore not bo In a position to
Issue the . permit until such grades be estab
lished by law. . . \
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. EOc flask. ¦, Richards & Co.. 406 Claj.*
WTLIi CLOSE THE YARDS.
NEWPORT NEWS.'Va.; June 15.—Su
perintendent Post of the" Newport. News
Ship-building and D-rydock -Company, to
day announced his ultimatum to the strik
ing machinists. , . ' , . •
He gave it out officially that If the strik
ers do not return to work by 6 o'clock
!Mcnday evening the entire plant will be
closed indefinitely. . ¦ -
Up to the present time between 2000 and
2500 men have been laid off owing to the
strike of the machinists. The yards give
employment to 7000 ¦ persons.
MACTTTTJISTS . FILE PROTEST.
./ DETROIT, June 15.— The: Detroit branch
of the 'International Association- of Ma-"
chinists to-day forwarded to President
Angell ;of the University of. Michigan a
protest against the* plan cf, certain De
troit employers ; of. hiring: undergraduates
of the university to fill the places of the
striking machinists. •> The -protest says:
"We, as taxpayers of the 'State of Michi
gan, protest most strenuously against the'
funds of the State being, used" to educate
the sons of well-to-do families to take
our places, when we are making an effort
to place labor In a position -to have and
use more of the leisure which the modern
industrial system, if properly adjusted,
provides that it should enjoy.
"We most- earnestly request you to use
your best efforts to dissuade the students
from pursuing a course which would re
flect discredit on the good name of the
University of Michigan."
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 15.— Two
strikes, ¦ each affecting directly
over. 4000 men. one formally de
clared' and the other seriously
¦ threatened, are features of the
troubles of labor in Western Canada. The
track "and bridge constructing gangs on
the Canadian Pacific Railway have al
ready " gone on," strike and are quitting
work to-night all the way across the con
tinent. The threatened strike is that of
the Fraser River fishermen, who are at
a deadlock with the canners on the ques
tion of price. • \
Now that the strike of the trackmen has
become an accomplished fact, the feature
of the affair is whether the engineers and
conductors .will join in the fight. The en
gineers' organizations have not passed
upon the question of whether the track
men can ; rightfully be organized as skilled
labor, but even if no decision is come to
on this point the engineers may refuse to
haul trains over roads which are unpro
tected by inspection of section gangs.
This is probably the way in which the
trainmen's brotherhoods would act and al
low the trackmen and the company to
fig'at out the question of recognition be
tween themselves.
The question is now, how long will the
strike last? Canadian Pacific officials
claim they are not in the least concerned.
They say they have all the section bosses
working and these foremen will take
charge of gangs of Italians who will make
up the 'section gangs, along with the men
who will necessarily become dissatlslied
with the strike. But the men themselves
declare that ''they have plenty of money
in the headquarters treasury and can car
ry on -the strike for an unlimited time.
In British Columbia about six hundred
men quit work to-night. There are over
200 bridge, builders in this number. The
trackmen will have the support of simi
lar organizations in the United States, as
the union is an international one, all
branches being affliiated. But the Cana
dian Railway heads of depart
ments - seem to rest easily in the belief
that the majority of the men will return
to work upon the advanced rate of wages
being offered by the company during the
negotiations, after they have satisfied
their consciences by turning out at the de
mand of the order.
Affairs are in a strained condition be
tween the fishermen and canners: After
a scries of half a dozen joint meetings this
week, the canners agreed to offer ten
cents per fish during the rush of the sal
mon season as the highest price they
could possibly afford. To-day "the central
union of the fishermen, representing near
ly 4000 white men, met and unanimously
decided to refese the offer, holding out for
twelve and a half • cents. The canners
will not pay a cent higher and the fisher
men say it is folly for them to work at a
lower figure. The Japanese are as yet un
certain, and. will probably-%Bi out In the
event of a strike to fish for whatever they
can get., ¦ f\ ¦ ...••., , . ¦•
Canadian Pacific; Rail
way ¦.- Employes Va
cate Their Positions
IT was reported at the Iron ' Trades
Council yesterday that the foundry
spoken' of at ' the meeting of the La
bor Council on Friday night had
sigmedthe union agreement and that
some forty men would go to work to-mor
row morning. ¦ Neither . President. Mc-
Cabe of the Iron Trades Council nor
Desertions From Ranks of Journeymen and, the Shortage
of 'Meat Supplies -Make Such CoDrse" Unavoidable.
, Conditions in Other Lines of Trade Are Slowly Changing
ALTHOUGH National Organizer
Jefferson D. Pierce of the Amer
ican Federation of. Labor
spent several hours yesterday in
consultation v/Ith the executive
committee of Journeymen Butchers' Union
No. 115, all attempts to restrain the de
sire of the workingmen to accejpt the de
mands promulgated by them nearly three,
weeks ago and accepted by their employ
ers were futile. At the close of the day's
business it was announced that only two
shops carried the union card, around the
display of which the whole controversy
resolved.
No exciting situation marked the close
of the journeymen butchers' meeting.
They met at the Turk-street Temple and
there discussed the situation. The an
nouncement that four shops had been
closed because of opposition to the will
of the wholesale dealers who had been
supplying them and that the same fate
would be meted out to others had the ef
fect of causing the hauling down of union
cards except in two instances. Both of
the men who held out are located in la
boring districts and have been making
displays of placards.
The change in conditions was effected
very quietly. The wagons of the whole
salers went around between 4 o'clock Fri
day afternoon and 10 o'clock yesterday
mcrning. ¦ - * «
"Got a union card?" the driver, who
was generally accompanied by a trusted
representative of the supplying firm,
would ask. •
If the reply was "yes" the driver would
say: ' •- - •¦
"Give me the card or I'll have to drive
on." .
The cards were handed in promptly,
and now 286 of the 2S8 butcher shops of the
city do not display the union card. Al
though the matter was practically settled
by the prompt action of the wholesalers,
pickets were out during the busy hours
of the evening, because the men directing
the strike had other matters to consider.
Although the working butchers' head
quarters was deserted last night and the
executive committee had a long session In
a private residence, an acknowledgment'
of defeat was not generally admitted. A
meeting will be held again this afternoon
at the Turk-street Temple, at which it is
expected formal announcement of the
close of the strike will be made and the
men advised to apply for work at once.
"Only two butcher shops now display
the union card," said Isaac Frohman, at
torney*for the executive committee of the
Wholesale Butchers' Association. "We
expect a surplus of workmen to report for
duty on Monday. All who are capable
may find places, as there is no animosity
between the men and Jhe employers. We
thought they were ill-advised in their ac-.
tions, and while all other demands had
been agreed upon there came a sudden
stumbling block. This has, happily, been
removed, and now all- is harmony. Mr.
Rodolph, secretary of our ¦ association,
who has been at Butchertown each day,
says that the slaughter-houses are run-,
ning full handed and that meat supplies
will be delivered at the usual hours. It
is safe to say that the strike has reached
its climax." :. ••* .^V; •.-
A number of the striking .butchers went
out to Butchertown yesterday morning
and were met by Henry Moffatt, the only
wholesaler who happened to be there. The
men were received pleasantly and the
limited courtesies of Butchertown • were
extended to them. A most Jovial disposi
tion was manifested,; which may have had
much to do with the settlement of differ-
It was reported th'at'a-'humber;;of;cattie
dealers, attracted by the strained situa
tion, were in the city. Some . talk has
been indulged In about the organization
of a stock company to erect a union
slaughter-house and work would at
once proceed on this plan. None- of the
leading retail butchers approached would
admit that ' they were about to become
Interested in such an enterprise, j
ALL BUT TWO B UTCHER TAKE
DOWN THE UNION CARD AS DEMANDED
." ¦ ¦'¦¦ "'I ¦ ?>..• -V .- .,,--,-; ... . ;.¦- ¦¦.., - . •. v ..- : ,, .._¦.;,.¦_,
THE SAN FKANC1SCO. CALL, t SUNDAY, JUNE 16, ! 1901;
22
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
$1.50
$2.50
$1.75
$5.0Q
Linen Shirt Waists.
Just in time to
strengthen . our
$1.75 lines for the
"? t- new week's selling
came to us by express . : two chic
styles, new ideas in sheer .linen
waists for - women, finished attrac-
tively with clusters of fine. tucks,
plaits, hemstitched effect, ,'and con-
trast of Valenciennes lace and white
lawn tie and top collar: value and
prettiness much in excess of price.
Straight Front Corsets.
t *rn mr± \ Th 's item tells of
• h. ¦'kl -.^¦¦'. one of our most
popular sellers in
*. . -. i" ...- }-. the. accepted mili-
tary- style corset at a medium price.
They have the low bust, are full
gored and very, long over the hip and
abdomen, thus producing .the I grace-
ful and correct- carriage of the day
with ease and comfort not usually
afforded in this^priced corset.
Flannelette Kimonas.
An entire new line
of these garments
displays some un-
4— — — — — — ¦ f -usually - attractive
combinations of color in plaid effects
in summer weight flannelette. 'The
long . length) S style ; has heavy
¦cord "j girdle.-. at. waist and contrast^of
plain! pink or blue' around cuff, collar
and -down' front.' short style in
same' material priced $1.25. \
Wool Golf Skirts,
It will be. well to
associate this men-
tion with your *ya-.
4— — — — r— — -f • cation -. thoMKhts,
as you'll surely require one. of these
convenient and serviceable .qutinj?
skirts if you are^Roins: to the coun-
try. They're of "splendid plaid back
wool golf doth, in several shades; of
gray, perfectly , tailored and excep-
tional values.
Priced e $1C,fl0 tn $OC.00
Special lu~ l ° Ld =
•This announces for the new week (commencing Mon-
day) the most sensational suit sale ever held in this store.
The offering consists of just. 50 stylish,, elegantly tailored
women suits— an Eastern manufacturer's samples. The
prices range from JjJlS.OO to 1J525.OO.. being less • /
than manufacturer's cost, and insuring quick sell-. /
ing. They're of fine Venetian, serge and broadcloth, in' /
tan. navy, cardinal "and black, and in several styles of -I
jackets; some of them full silk lined and with silk ' :^&~
drop skirts. A- rare opportunity to ; pick ub a venv Ot
handsome summer costume'with a handsome saving
back of it. . — . v^,
Sample Tailored Suits
SEMI-ANNIAL SALE
1 On MonflaB, June 1711], and continuing
alPtMs; ¦ month';' we will offer an
elegant assortment of LADIES' FINE
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, consisting
of Gowns, Corset Covers, Drawers,
Chemises; and Skirts,
These garments are yero handsomelD trimmed
* with Emhroideru and Lace, of the Yeru latest
patterns, are made from the test dualities of
I^M^n^OT^pancll Nainsook, and will La
sold at Yerulow 'prices.;-
Our special sale of FINE EMBROIDERIES
will also he continued this week, and our
customers are invited to see our-window dis-
play * of hoth LADIES 1 UNDERWEAR and,
CAMBRIC and -NAINSOOK EMBROIDERIES.
ill, 113. 115, !17. 119. 121 POST STREET.
'. ...... i *
" ADVERTTSBHENTS.
. . _*_ . . *-•'. —
I • In Desirable Hoods ]¦•
I Offerings that Eclipse all Previous Efforts I
1 -» ¦ • ' • ¦ '¦¦ ¦ "
i It has beeh proved beyond a doubt that here can I
I always be found The Best "and The Latest at I
| absolutely the Lowest Prices for the most I
I Reliable Goods. * I
I Read this weeks splendid values. We have plan" |
I ned to make this the busiest week of the season. |
J Summer Dress Silks— $1.10 , (Firet Floor > | ,
m For Monday — Selected from our great silk stock, we offer I
I 24-inch Taffeta Louisines, one of this season's best Summer I
H Silks, in prettiest of checks and stripes; the colorings including [
g all the new and popular shadings su.iable for street or evening. \
a wear. • Special value price $1.00 a yard. I
I Ladies' Fancy Hosiery— 33c < Firet •?•>•>« \
I We made another large purchase of Ladies' Fancy Hose— we '
s offer them tomorrow. Positively the best offering of new, sty- 1
a lish- hosiery ever shown at the price — not an old pattern among j
I them, all new and imported for this Summer. Some are striped, |
I some are figured, others embroidered, all in fashion's correct j
jj colorings— sold everywhere at 50c a pair. \
I Our special sale price 33c !
I Ladies' Silkolifle Vests — 25c < First fio -> !
i Next we offer as a special — Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Silko- 1
y line Undervesis — low neck and no sleeves, well made, in colors 1
i Pink, Light Blue and White — one of the greatest values ever I
\ put on sale in our underwear department at 25c each. i
I Corsets — $1.00 a pair f™ rd fi °~) i
8 Another lot of those exceptionally good, comfortable corsets
I for summer wear. Made of fine quality French batiste and !
I sateen, in two styles, Erect Form and Girdle, in colors White, \ j
I Pink, Blue and Black... Experienced fitters in attendance to * "
H show and fit them. Special value price $1.00 a pair. • ;
I Woolen Shawls-^85c *M0§$h\'i
I Received direct from the manufacturer a lot of knit wool \
y shoulder shawls; just the thing for evening wear while in the i
9 country; made of fine quality wool with mercerized silk stripes, i
I i yard square, with fringe all around; come in colors Gray,
y Blue, White and Black. Price while.they last 85c each. '
I Ladies' Bathing Suits — $2.00 <TbirdFioor) I
1 Another Big Value—Ladies* Cotton Bathing Suits, nicely |
B made; come in Black, prettily trimmed with white braid, in all | '
a sizes. This item should be of interest to Ladies going to the I
Q country — nothing like it ever offered at the price $2.00 a suit. \
I Boys' Bathing Suits- — $1.00 (Third noor; j
H We sell all kinds of Bathing Suits for Boys. For tomorrow's |j
Q special we have selected a lot of Boys' Cotton Bathing Suits — H
y neatly made; that come in two parts — colors are Black and §
|| Navy Blue with red and white stripes— looks and fits well. H
B Special value price $1.00 a suit, fcj
125 to 151 Kearw Street \J -
EXPERT OPTICIAN."
MAYERLE'S
GLASSES
Strengthen the Eye and Brain.
Many are born with greater eye de-
fects than come with the advance of
years. .. ;.
Eye defects "run in families" and in-
crease through neglect
Parents who xorrect their own eves
and do not hesitate to put glasses on
their children when needed show com-
mon sense and good judgment.
Mayerle's ' glasses worn at the proper
time may save your child a world of
trouble, and you much regret.
georgOiaVerle,
German Expert ¦ Optician,'
GERMAN OPTICAL INSTITUTE.
- . . - .. ¦ _ .. f - . • x
Also graduate AMERICAN COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. (Charter Member Amer-
ican Association of Opticians.)", '
1O71^ Market Street,
(Opposite Hibernia Bank). San Francisco, Cal.
Persons ordering glasses by mail should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or. both, and what price, v
Consultation; Examination and Advice Free
Telephone South E72.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 9. .
.;':.' GERMAN EYEWATER, 50c.
\. CUT THIS OT3TV
=w
1 The Latest
I Shirt Waists
M Comprise soxna
H - very chio ef-
m *£§&* feets. Many of
13 /%3S sucl1 received
a daring, t ht>
y *& if week. TV •
9 gladly show
m ¦// >a»1l Three Styles at
I I f\ TO $7.50 each
g J I Are particular*
m 11 /*>\ ly etylish and
m v/ / *¦- I pretty. Others
%* I \ X 4t price*
a I j V? I «a«*iiy tied*-
I \f 1 Black Dress SWrti
m ¦ V I Duck Skirts
gi Jk % for summer
3 JH \ \ wear; ¦ Alpaca
1 Xl£& >*A Skirt • for
a v. f^ summer -wear)
a A.^—Sp' Etamlne Sklrt«
S ><~>i 4^ for summer
M wear.
1 New Tailor Suits
a In stylish effects of standard good*
9 We show by far the beat assort-
I ¥8£'^£ 815.00. S2O.OO and
I THE BLAGKGOODS HOUSE
I 1106 Market Street.
9 , TBLBFHOHB 9OVTH 472,
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
The J. Noonu Farnltnre Co. (Inc.) \
- "Cash-OP-Little-at-a-Tlme. , k
S5.00 RUGS for S3.00
( Beautiful $5.00 Axmlnster Rugs J
136x60, Persian designs. In an Infinite /
\ variety of colors and • patterns at \
/ $3.00 this : week. .We carry a large (
i line ¦ of ruga of every descrip- *
( tion, and ofler * you special val- (
( ' uea in Axminster, Moquette, Body i
i Velvet and Smyrnas. Be sure and',
\ come In and look at them. "We fur- /
1 nish your house -complete; you wlll\
' find everything: here you can possibly i
/ need -for > furnishing or replenishingr. )
Call and get . our prices before pur- '
( chasing. • for we have no rent to pay/
I and can sell you for cash or Httle-at- \
\ a-time. ' (
( Our prices are Just as low as the
lowest. ¦ > - J
/THE J. NOONAK FURN1TUBE COMPANYV
i 'Incorporated). I
* to I 7- IO23 Mission Street, V
i Abova Sixth.*. • * San Franclaco., 1
) We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.'
T'? IS JJ 7 ,^i J>KNr } W:N A^ D RKLXABLK OLD
r, ,^P eCl *« ! ' t "F™, ?.l°°^ p «>l8on . Ooporrhcea. Gl e*s»
.nu2 to*' B "™ l "» l t y l r P»-ne»i. Impotence »nd tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases ot.Men, fre«t
P. T tt W rf ea n r Xr x ? e^ e " ce - Term<I reasonable. Hours,
tatlonfreeandiicredly confldtntfal. Can or address
P. BO8COE Mc5rui«Tir. M.D.
8« Vi Keteny SU Hu JF rsnclsco. C^U
H /\ /^/yy • men an(^ v '' omen respond de- El
Hi ) 'iM/^^^^ Hghtfully to the springy action [|1
SI I liUf °^ t^ ie Ot ' v * n & P er^ ect easc §j
Ss '& I^^^S^^^ an<^ f ree dom in exercise. They ||
»Vs^_/jLZ^| are stylishly made in all the •||
B 1^1*1 * shapes that will be worn at the II
H I "^^^ ' <*• fashionable resorts this sum- M
H \ "**' mer > an d, while their most no- " ||
Jjj \ if 49 ' • table characteristic is beauty gl
P \ of outline, they are. the stout- . 11
¦ -^ja&V tl*}.|/ est anc * most durable §5"^Continued 'on -Page Thirty-rTw^ 4
Teamster Attempts Suicide.
James Wall, : a teamster, who ha3 been
out of work for" some time, attempted to
cut his throat .with a breadknife in a Chi
nese restaurant on Washington street '•¦ last
night. ¦¦ He inflicted a slight wound, • which
was 'sewed up at the Receiving H^snjyfcafc'
Fire " Commissioners' - Session.
; At a meeting of the Boara of Fife* Com
missioners yesterday ; Captain ; Ewing | of
chemical T was fined seven . days% pay for
failure to ' obey : orders ; Lieutenant Henl
ker of engine company 35 . was | dismissed
from ; the department because . of neglect
of cduty. The : board will. meet Thursday
evening next to consider bids on supplies.
All bidders are requested; to -be present.
the, charity. He declared he would offer
a professional performance for the benefit
and '; said that while making • no definite
premises it would not be Improbable that
Henry, Miller. would be the attraction for
the Fruit and Flower Mission benefit.
.The; lady to whom -this Individual
made his : offers explained that .she had
no authority, to act in the matter and re
ferred ¦ him : to the president : of • the mis
sion.'Then The, Call expose came and that
ended the matter." * • : ' • * -
employed, , and where he also ,was lo
cated.'.' ' ' ' > - •- • .'-'¦¦'¦ . -¦'¦ :
•¦ ¦ ..- • •..-':. • i : . .'' ¦ . - , r -«L
MANY 4 INSTITUTIONS
@ REFUSE '"BENEFlfS"
| Mrs. ¦ W." B." Harrington,' president of the
board of directors of the "Children's^ Hos
pital, said last 'night i that ; the "directors
were ¦ in ¦ receipt ¦ of a ' communication j ask
ing permission to arrange , a performance
for, the benefit of the hospital. The board
refused : to J give j the j parties • the required
permission and .the ' matter ; was dropped/
The officials ; of , the . Little Sisters'.} In-
Shelter j say., that • recently, a proposi
tion" to give them a benefit was made to
them { by 'an unknown ; man and : : woman.
I They 1 were , very ' insistent and /made i sev
eral ! flattering offers.' J ThV people ; at -the
shelter told them • that ; the , charity 'was
self-supporting and • would '.. have nothing
to do with \ any : such y venture. } pro
moters offered #00. down and 75^per;-cent
of the: door ; receipts.;' ; •, ' '^
v : Miss ; May 1 Turner, ' chaplain : of the Sea
man's \ Home, "., said * last , night: ' ""Nobody
has asked permission to give a concert
lock was doing the same , kind of 'graft
ing' as Doneghy was engaged in. They
discussed the expose in L03 Angeles and
Mamlock said -it was bad for business.'
Dcxeghyi laughed at it -and treated it as
a. Joke.", I. saw the paper from Los An
geles with_ a write up of Doneghy and
Helen • Barnes. I have -done errands for
Doneghy -and he 'has t paid me a" little
money for my work. I have seen him give
: Kdwards .some "money at. times, but don't
know what it was for. "r, Edwards has gone
errands for Doneghy Just -the same as' I
have;* •• •
"I recognize the ticket' for the benefit
at the .Young .'Men's Christian! Association
in. aid of the Calirornia Boys' and Gntfa'
Aid Society.'-- That ticKet was being sold
by. Mamlock, and his girls. I have j some
of them now in ray desk, which Doneghy
also used., Doneghy -keeps all -his' books
and 'papers in. Mamlock's room , on Post
£ treet, and | Mamlock j keeps his " papers in
Doneghy's room ,>*at , the - Las Palmas
House on : Market street. To-day 'Done*
ghy told me 'to. telephone to Helen Barnes
at , the Las Palmas House and tell her to
get ready to' leave r town at once.; I tele
phoned her/ as he 'requested.' Doneghy'g
home" " Is , at * 1321^ Dean street,' Brooklyn,
New York, State. • • . .
- "I have no J desire keep anything
back, 'and, make this : statement .of 'my
own ; free will./ I'was lout of J; a position,
and while '. I - knew : that Doneghy,, and his
people"' were fgraf ting," I; did { " not ! ; think* it
wrong j to f make f a little money \ by vbeirig
'useful - to him ' In the office , where ' I • was
FAC SIMILES OF SOME OF t THE DOCUMENTS USED BY THBBUNKO
CHARITY BAND WHILE: OCCUPIED 'IN ;• EXTRACTING '•¦' MONEY
. ; FROM THE CHARITABLY INCLINED OF- THIS CITY.
entertainment' here,- but I was not on to
their 'graft.' Greenleaf. broke 'away from
Doneghy and went' out with the Green
leaf-Clayton Theatrical. ;_ Company - and
'busted up.' Doneghy went to Los' An
geles v.-ith all the women and took Miss
Edwards with him also.' She and her
brother are innocent of any. wrongdoing.
"I met Doneghy again on May 27. I had
then been v/orking about a week for Mrs.
Petlee as secretary "of the Universal Serv
ice 'Society, j Doneghy asked me what I
was doing, arid- I told him. • He ' said he
wanted' to rent an office, and I suggested
that he take office room with us. I noti
fied Mrs. Pettee and she Instructed me to
let Doneghy have desk room for $10 per
month. I did so and Doneghy installed
himself the next day. ; I saw all the
women" come in there every day with
the money, from 'the sale of tick
ets, and' I quickly' realized that it was
all a case of grafting. I realized that
from the number cf tickets sold and the
donations the women * brought in every
day.. They also came in with orders for
liour,' clothing, etc. j The goods were al
ways turned over to Hutchinson, who
inns a boys' home in the Mission.
"Doneghy told- me that I was not,sup
posed to know what was going on, as he
feared that an expose in the newspapers
would "do him up. I first met Mamlock a
week ago. He' came' to the office and
Doneghy introduced me to him. I listened
to their conversation and knew that Mam-
M. B. Weinberg made the '/following
statement last nicht: • \
."I wish to state that I was never con
nected with my brother in business near,
the Presidio, and I was never warned off
the reservation. My brother was the'one
warned off. I have known Doneghy if or
about ten years. I first met himiln Buf
falo, N.-Y., where ,1 was born. I met him
many Hjmes -after that. I was traveling
and I frequently^ ran across him.. He : was
engaged I n. getting up "concerts and enteri
tairiments. f I did not know, what ; he was
giving them for.; I met him here last Der
cember. He came down ' from ¦ Portland
and ,was . accompanied by; Helen Barnes,
Josie , Haines. Miss | Deitweiler, | Miss Flem
ing and .William Greehleaf.- They gave an
the nursery would have to do with the af
fair was to take the money. The terms
submitted by Mamlock 'to the ladies was
50 per cent of .the"" gross receipts. The re
sult of the meeting was that although the
ladies approved of Mamlock's offer they
decided to leave the matter to the discre
tion of their president, who was instruct
ed-to look into, the credentials offered by
Mamlock. : ¦ ¦ ." ¦ /• ••
Mamlock in giving his references to the
board of managers of the Nursery for
Homeless Children mentioned the firm of
Murphy. Grant •& Co. as vouchers for hia
gcod character^ Mr. Grant was seen in
regard to Mamlock, and declared that the
nan 'was not known to. him by name, al
though it was possible that he might have"
had some business negotiations with him.
Mr. .Salisbury of Pasadena, the presi
dent of the Boys' and Girls' Society, was
called up on the phone and the" president
of the nursery put a few questions to him.
Mr. Salisbury declared that he was per
fectly satisfied with the way Mamlock
had managed the benefit for the south
ern charitr, 'but when questioned as to
the amount realized said that his accounts
were not In such shape as to allow him to
state with accuracy the, sum netted.
Salisbury's statement, in the face of the
fact that Mamlcck had declared that $5000
had been realized, inclined the lady wha
presides over the destinies of the charity
to declare the | benefit matter off, and
Mamlock was consequently notified that
his offer would not be : entertained, - - * : .
Previous to Mamlock's* attempt at ben
efit negotiations with the San Francisco
Nursery for -Homeless Children Mrs.
Gregory had called upon the president of
the- institution and offered to get her up
a'- charity concert, promising ' to take'
charge of the sale of the tickets and the
procuring of amateur talent. , Mrs., Greg
ory's offer was refused. .
WEINBERG MAKES A
PLAIN STATEMENT
Acting Secretary Murray of the Young
Men's Christian Association was also in
terviewed yesterday, and in reply to ques
tions said: ...... .. .
"About three weeks ago a man called
on me and wanted to rent- our hall'for a
night, claiming to be the secretary of "the
California Boys' and Girls', Aid : Society.
He said it was for a charity and that we
ought to let him have the hall cheap. I
told him what we would rent the hall for
and asked him to pay a deposit. He de
clined to do so and went away. I did not
cee him again. This week a number of
persons called here with tickets for /a con
cert to be given on July 1 for the Cali
fornia Boys' and Girls' Aid Society. They
desired to exchange the tickets for re-
Eerved" seats. I also received 'a number
of letters from prominent persons stating
they had bought tickets and desiring to
have seats reserved. In each case I could
but say we knew nothing about the con
cert."
The description given by Mr. Bayley
and Mr. Murray of the. man who called
to see them tallies with that of Mam
lock. He is described as a man of slight
build, with fair hair and blonde mustache.
Matron Anita Pugh of the Lying-in
Hospital and Foundling Asylum, at 923
Golden Gate avenue, yesterday denounced
as fraudulent any attempt to sell tickets
or solicit donations for that institution.
"About the end of April," said Miss
Pugh, "a woman called upon > me and
gave her name as Barnes. She told me
that she wanted to give a benefit concert
for our institution, and would supply all
the talent if we would rent a theater. I
spoke to our doctors, and. they met the
woman when she called again. They
were not'impressed by her and refused to
listen to her proposition. We had an Idea
that she had some motive in calling on
us other than that of helping our institu
tion. .The woman told us that she had
yery successful in Los Angeles. St.
Louis* and other cities, and informed us
that she traveled with a party of artists.
We have not consented to any concert
being given for our home, and no one has
a right to sell any tickets for us."
On April 16 Mcs. Gregory, alias Miss
Graham, sent a number of letters from
the Grand Hotel to charitable and benevr
olent organizations in this city/ All 'the
letters were signed "Miss C. C. Graham,"
and in each the writer proposed to give
a "benefit" concert for the society .ad
dressed. Among those who received-let
ters were the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, . the
Mount Zion Hospital Association. Pacific
Homeopathic Polyclinic and the Little
Sisters' Infant Shelter.
MAMLOCK MAKES
GENEROUS PROMISES
The board of managers cf the San Fran
ci&co Nursery for Homeless Children was
fur more than a week considering an offer
KEde by Mamlock to get them up a "ben
efit" In aid of their building- fund, and for
which he assured them that they, would
realize $5000. '¦ '^S'^
. Mamlock presented himself to the presi
dent of the Institution. armed with many
letters -and a strong • credential from a
Mr. Salisbury, president of a . boys'^. and
girls' aid society of Pasadena. ~ Mamlock
for. the home. ,If they did they would
have to come to me. I read of the action
.of Donnely in The Call this morning and
think that the paper is doing good work
in exposing. him." _•
HENRY MILLER'S NAME
IS USED FOR BAIT
The charity "workers" made a strong
effort, to have the. San Francisco Fruit and
Flower Mission . permit them to give a
benefit in aid of their charity. One of the
charity "benefit" managers called upon
the lady- who last year . presided over the
destinies of the mission and laid his plans
before her. \He was laden with- letters of
recommendation and. promised big things
If allowed^ to get up an entertainment for
FURTHER Investigation Into the
methods and ramifications of the
professional "charity" workers
who are at present infesting this
city ehow an extraordinary state
cf affairs. Not only are the benevolent
people of San Francisco being system
atically duped in the name of
charity by the gang headed by
Hiss Helen Barnes and William H. Don-
alias Donnely, aiias Doneh'y. but
there are several other gangs of workers
operating along similar lines under the
cloak of well known charitable organiza
tions whom they have deceived by plausi
ble representations into engaging their
services. .
Mrs. K. C. Gregory, alias Miss C. C.
Graham, who was exposed In The Call
t-everal days ago, is one of those who have
found the "profession" a lucrative one,
and another of the Ilk is a man named
Mamlock, known on this coast as an ad
vestising agent. Mamlock is known to be
selling tickets for unknown societies and
has a number of women in his employ.
He Is evidently an imitator of Doneghy's
methods. Mrs. Gregory gained her train
ing while working- for Doneghy. These
«re but a few of tlie many schemers who
are making an easy and luxurious living
by preying upon the generous credulity of
San Francisco citizens, unwittingly aided
by many worthy organizations who have
cllowed the use of their names. But not
only have tickets been sold for "benefit"
concerts for bona-fide societies, but tick
ets for organizations unknown in San
Francisco have been disposed of by Mam
lock and a crowd of pretty women.
The expose by The Call has set the ma
chinery of the Police Department to wcrk
and detectives were engaged yesterday in
eecuring evidence. Mamlock was taken
Into custody late test night by Detective
Kamill. In the past few months
many of the leading charitable organiza
tions have been approached by members
of the band of schemers, in each case an
offer being made to give a "benefit." con
cert.
Testerfiay it was discovered that tickets
•were being gold around the city for con
certs in aid of the "California Boys* and
Girls' Aid Society" aad the Lying-in Hos
pital and Foundling Asylum. There Is no
society known here as the "California
Boys' and Girls* Aid Society" and the of
ficers of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society
at Grove and Baker streets denounce as
fisudulent any sales of tickets in its
name. The officials of the Lying-in Hos
pitai and Foundling Asylum, situated at
£23 Golden Gate avenue, have never au
thorized the sale of tickets for any
ccEcert for the benefit of their institution,
aiid desire to warn all persons who may
be approached that those offering tickets
for the society are common swindlers.
DONEGHY, ALARMED,
CALLS IN CANVASSERS
Doneghy. alias Donnely, alias Donehy,
and his chief associate, Helen Barnes,
yesterday tcok alarm at the expose of
their methods by The Call and kept under
cover. All the girls and women associated
¦with thejn were ordered to refrain from
celling tickets or soliciting donations, and
their ill gotten gains were shut off for the
dsy.
E-oneghy. "who Is passing in this city as
IV. llliana Donnely. arrived here last De
<'-mber from Portland, Oregon. He was
preceded by Helen Barnes, who is always
sent ahead to pave the way. For many
>«-ars Doneghy and his- wife worked the
SBtne kind of scheme in the East.
Mrs. Doneghy is now in the East organ
izing "benefit" concerts for all they ar<»
worth. She has the reputation of having
paved her money, while with Doneghy It
Is a case of easy come, easy go. '*
"When Doneghy and Helen Barnes estab
lished themselves in San Francisco they
were accompanied by women known by
the names of Fleming, Deitweiler, Chase
and Haines. Another member of the
party was William D. Greenleaf, who,
however, broke away from Doneghy.
A number cf concerts were given In this
city and then Doneghy and his assistants
went to Los Angeles, taking along a few
recruits from San Francisco. In Los An
geles the charitable people were worked
right and left and a large sum of money
was cleaned v.rt. Two of the women. Miss
Chase and Miss Haines, left Doneghy
there and are now supposed to be In Lon
don, working: the "charity" scheme in the
treat metropolis.
Donpghy boasts that his "work" is per
teCQj legal and claims that he secured
the opinion of a Supreme Court Justice
in the East to that effect. His further
boast is that he paid $1000 for the legal
opinion.
During the past week many tickets have
been soM for a concert to be given for the
"California Boys' and Girls' Aid Society"
on July 1, In the auditorium of the Young
Men's Chrlstfan Association.
Assistant Superintendent Bayley of the
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society is unaware
cf the existence of the "California" So
ciety.
"I know nothing: of a society called the
California Boys' and Girls' Aid Society,"
said, liaj-ley, "and this thing is a, fraud.
Benefit Ticket Is
Being Sold for an
Unknown Society
The Call's Expose*
Causes Alarm in
Swindlers' Ranks
Many Charities Are
. Approached With
Bunko Proposals
SCHEMERS'
OPERATIONS
ARE VAST
MERCHANTS MAY TAKE
UP WORK OF CHARITY
. At the last monthly meeting of the Mer
chants', Association a. paper : entitled "A
Plan for the Administration of Charity"
was submitted and read by Andrew M.
Davis, a director of the association. Jlr.
Davis' plan, as outlined In his paper,
-would prevent all such bunko 'work "in
the cause of charity" as has been prac
ticed In this city by Eastern grafters dur
ing the last few weeks. and now exposed
by The Call. Mr. Davis said:
The Merchants' Association , has heretofore
confined Its efforts chiefly to the solution of
tho political and economic municipal problems
of. San Franci3co. It was the distinctly un
satisfactory conditions in these departments
that called this association Into being-. Its
record- of good accomplished Is too great to
be retraced here. Its power and moral.influ
ence have come to b'e recoxnized to "such an"
extent that its Indorsement of any measure
secures for , It resoectful and serious consid
eration. ; ' .
There is a department of our civic- life, how
ever.to which the Merchants' • Association has
"given no attention and ' I fear but little
thought." This social Interest I refer to, "tha
department of philanthropy." Is for the most
part in the hands of kind and .well-intentioned
persons, but appears to be ai an arch re
quiring a keystone. ; and that-stone. It seems
to me, this association can supply better > than
any other civic organization. . . .
"The poor we have always wlth.us,'* and "we
recognize the obligation of sparing a certain
amount from the store of our material bless
ings for the benefit of those who are less
fortunate than ourselves. There Is a natural
and Just tax put upon the rich for .the rellej
of the poor and suffering, but the knotty prob
lem, is how to impose, collect and * distribute
. this tax. * ,
On the one hand we have a generous pub-
He, which In a * benevolent and unlnqulrin?
way pours thousands of dollar* annually j into
outstretched hands. Demands for help "come"
in avery form, ana come with ever- Increasing
regularity, j Above every other, ; the " merchant
Is the shining- mark for every appeal. , So*Bon
flder.tly - la he_ expected to subscribe ' to every
cause— gooi. bad or indifferent— that he scarce
ly feels hlmsalf free.to; refuse. He knows that"
a .certain^ amount of - fraud and imposition S Is
practiced "upon : him. \ but being • tn ; no position
".to make Investigations, he glvss mechanically,
indifferently and often against the dictates, of
his better Judgment. * ' \' '-'¦'* ¦ v
On the other, hand we have a small army of*
men and women conscientiously, working, ' xa-
sf^ ERNEST EDWARDS and M. B.J
// Welnberg, whose names were
(k^. published as being associates
v^^ O of Doneshy and his charity
workers, consented last even
ing to tell all they know about the manner
in which they had become acquainted with
the head of the gang.
Edwards, in telling of how he and his
sister had been connected with Doneghy,
said: . . •
"I am innocent in this matter and so ia
my sister. About six months ago my sis
ter answered an advertisement in the pa
pers'and met Doneghy. He offered her $3
per day to work for him and sell tickets
for benefit concerts. She sold tickets for
a concert for the San Francisco Boys'
Home, given on December 20 at the Cali
fornia ' Theater. She also solicited sub
scriptions. Benefits were also . given for
; the Girls' Aid Society at the Central The
ater and for Sister Julia at Golden .Gate
Hall. My sister went to Los Angeles
with Doneghy and his party. ' He paid her
fare and gave her $3 a day while there.
She came home three weeks ago and was
idle a week,, and. then, went to. work for
Doneghy again. She told me. that a con
cert was to be given at Golden Gate Hall
for. the boys' home run byHutchinson. I.
asked her if there was a chance for me to
make some money and she told me to
come up and see Doneghy. I went up to
his office and met him and he asked me to
arrange for the concert and he would pay
me $33 for It. I wa3 to supply all the tal
ent. I did not know that there was any
thing wrong in the work of Doneghy "and
his people.
"I arranged a concert myself for the Al
hambra for July S for the Home Finding
Society. Doneghy has nothing to do- •with
that. I knew that Doneghy brought some
of the women to this city with him.
"I recognize the ticket calling for a ben
efit at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation on July 1 for the California Boys*
and ,Gir!s^ Aid Society. Last Wednesday
Mamlock told me that the girls he had
out were selline those tickets. - 1 have
seen Mamlock show those tickets to Don
eghy. Doneghy told Mamlock that he was
a fool to sell bogus tickets and that he
Tjrould get into trouble.
"Mamlock read the expose of Mrs. Greg.
ory in The Call and said to Doneghy that
his game .was spoiled, and then he tore
up a lot of the tickets. I have no, desire
to hold anything back. I and my sister
were brought into this affair Innocently.
"We are known to many people here and
I don't war:t t to be looked upon as one' of
these 'grafters.* I shall certainly not al
low my sister to have anything more to
do with them. I think that I ought to
give the 'concert on. June 27, as I have e'a
gaged all the talent for It." J
Declare That They
Have Act-: d in Abso-
Jute Good Faith
Edwards and W?in
berg Explain How
They Were '(> Fooled
— • • -
Each Claims That
He Had No Part
in the Deception
DONEGHY'S
DUPES ARE
TALKATIVE
About two weeks ago a man called on me
and told me that he .was interested in
charity / work. He stated he had beeff in
I-os Angeles and that he had women ticket
sellers traveling; with him. He spok<;
about the big success they had met with
and wanted to be allowed to give a con
cert for our organization. I sized him up
as a faker and refused to have anything
to do with him or his scheme. I' do not
kiiow the society for which tickets are
now being sold. Our name is the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society, and no doubt peo
ple have bought the tickets thinking the
concert was for our institution. We have
not consented to any concert and know
nothing about it whatever."
declared that he had 'got up ?a benefit
for Mr. Salisbury's, institution which had
realized $5000 for that concern, j He said
lie could do as much for the nursery, and
made such alluring representations that
the president of the institution promised
to bring Ih'e matter before the board of
managers.
' Mamlock appeared at the board meeting, f
He told the ladies that he was not promis-
Ins them an amateur affair, but that the"
ertertalr.ment to be grot up by him
would be a high class professional one and
would take place either at the Columbia,
tlie California or the Orpheum. He further
saici that his agents would attend to the
sale of tickets and that all the ladies of „
STARTLING DEVELOPMENTS IN EXPOSE OF THE PROFESSIONAL CHARITY
WORKERS SHOW EXISTENCE OF THREE ORGANIZED GROUPS OF SCHEMERS,
SOME OF WHOM ARE SELLING TICKETS FOR PURELY MYTHICAL SOCIETIES
fSgifiol]
or **¦*-*? *?*?«?*«-*«*?*?»?*?*?*???•« 3
i Pages 23 to 32 1
* v -^ •
©?*?*?*?*? *?* ?*•??? * »? ?*?#«.*?*?*«»
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 16, 1901.—Spindle 139. Sea Spray 158.
Betting-— Master Cal, 7-2; Hohenlohe. - 3-2;
Boardman, "0; Guilder, 7-2; Kastaine, 3; Faun
ette. 6..". .. . • -• ¦ , •
Tlme-%. :26#; %. :53f %, 1:19^; mile. 1:46.
Good Btart. Won first three driving. Winner.
G. Parisen's b. g. by Ber?an-Flora; Scratched
2O1 4. SEVENTH RACE— One mile; Darktown
Eerby; three-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. Str. Fin.
2563 Master Cal, 3, 145.Madlsn 3 2 % 1 1 l\i
2597 Hohenlohe, 6, 161.Johnsn 4 3 8 2 12 3
2591 Boardman. 5, 15S.. Moore 2 1 % 3 1 3 3
2597 Guilder. 6, 15S.... Barnes 1 4 5 5 20 4 3
' 2592 Kastaine. 5. 156.Crittndn 6 0 20 4 h , 5 12
(2592) Faunette-, a," 136... Lewis 5 6 6 6
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
2596 F. Woods, 4, 104... Prior 6 5 2 1 n 12
i 2593 KInaldo. 6. 108 Hoar 2 3 U 2 % .2 1
(2596)Hampton; 4, 107.McCarty 1 1 V 2 3 h " 3 1
(2597)Burdock, 4, 104.... Collis 5 6 liz 5 3 4 3
2601 Castake, 6. 109... Romero 4 4h 4h 5 1
2597 Einstein. 6, lOS.Basslngr 7 7 n -6364
(267S)Sir Dougal, 4, 105.Alxndr 8 21 S 7 1
2579 Forma tus; 4, 104.. Bergen 3 8 - 7 h 8
Time— 1-16. :07: %, :23^: %, :«; %'. 1:15; mile,
l:41Vi; 1 l-16m, 1:4S. Good start. Won ea9ily.
Second and - third driving. Winner, Garden
City Stable's b. g. by Gano-Aunt Betsy. Frank
Woods galloped over his field from the pad
dock. Rinaldo .stuck well. Scratched — Snips
106. Rlxford 104. <j -¦-,.;
. Betting— Frank Woods, 15; Rinaldo. 8; Sir
Hampton, 7-10: Burdock,' 15;, Castake, ,3; Ein
stein, 15; Sir Dougal, 8; Formatus, 50.
2613. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; - selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
2612. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards;
selling; four-year-olds and up;. purse, $300.
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. &. Str. Fin.
(2595)Horton. 5, U4..McCarty 3 3 2 2 Ui 1 %i
2J01 Merops. 5.- 111. Alexander 14.-- 32.21
t2593) Montallade, a. 111. .Hoar 4 12 11 3 3
2600 Sylvan Lass, 5. 109.Prior 2 2 n 4 4
Time— 100yds, jOo'i; *4,* :25; %, :49*i; *;,
1:15%; m, 1:42^4; lm 100yds,-. 1:47^. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. J. McGov
ern"s ch. h. by El Rio.Rey-Fusillade's Last.
Horton kept within striking distance all the
way, and was able to stall oft Merops at the
finish.. Montallade stopped: he has a split
hoof. Scratched— Racetto 107.
'Betting— Horton,; 1; Merops, 7; Montallade,
3-2; Sylvan Lass, 7.
2611. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course;
Free handicap; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ¥>. %. Fin.
(25S0)Huachuca, 110..McCarty 3 3 1^21 lh,
(2598) Achilles, 107... Bassinger 2 2h 3 % 2 ns
-25S8 Escalante, 122 ...Alexdr 1 11 1% 3h
2598 Snowberry, 102...... Hoar 4 5 1 4 1 4 4
2556 Yellowstone. 108.... Collis 5 6 5 2 5 12
2574 Irma' A, 96. -Fauntleroy 6 4 }J 6 6 .
Time— To Y t , :21%; to %, :4S; Ia3t %. l:01=i;
short %, 1:11. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. Doble & Co.'s b, c. by Em
peror of Norfolk-La Plata. It . was a very
clo*se fit all around. Snowberry was knocked
about all down the stretch; would have won
with clear sailing. Escalante stopped some.
Betting— Huachuca, 7-2; Achilles, 3; Esca
lante, 2; Snowberry. 4; Yellowstone, 7; Irma
A, coupled with Yellowstone. . ..
2010. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, $3C0.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. .Fin.
(2600)Hager£f>n, 4, 112...ColHs 1 12 12 14
C599)Doublet. 4, .112 Hoar 2 2^ 23 2 4
2600 Byron Rose. 3, 105.. Prior 5 .4 % 3 I'/a 3 1
2576 The Miller, 5, 112.McCrty 4 5 % 7 8 4 h
2599 Alas, 4, 102 Tullett 6 6 1 6 n 6 1.
(2i73)R. de Altar. 3. 108.Alxnd 3 3 V, 4 1 6 2
2599 Gay. Brown, 3, 99.Faunt 7 7 2 5 1 7 6
2594 K. "Walcott. 4. H0.Bassr9 8h Sh 8 2
2593Tlburon, a. 109. ...Butler" 8 9 9 9
- Time— Y*. :24: %, :«>£: %, 1:1314.' Bad start.
Won easily. . Second and third driving. lV;n
ner. H. L. Frank's b. g. by imp. Esher-Lady
Richmond. Hagerdon got the best of the send
off, but was a good horse to-day. Doublet cculd
not get near the front, but could hardly have
won.' Scratched— Decoy 1C6, Bogus Bill . 112,
Harry Thatcher 112. .
Betting — Hagerdon. 2; Doublet, 7-10; Byron
Rose. 16; The Miller. 12; Alas. 100; Rio de
Altar, 12;.Gaylnn Brown, 50; Katie Walcott,
100;Tiburon, 100.
2OO9. SECOND RACK— Seven furlongs; free
handicap; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, ,Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2800 Rey Dare, 122 Ruiz 4 4 2 2 % 1 %
2395 Quibo, 108....'..Basslnger 3 5 1 4 1 2%
2599 Cath. Bravo. 93 Hoar 5 3 1.1% 3 l\b
2595 Wardman. H5...McCarty 2 7 5^42
(2601)Oscar Tolle. 114.Alexndr 1 2 % 3 % 6 4
2383 Matilda O, 100 Butler 6 1 n 6 1 6 5
2583 Darlene, 96...Fauntleroy 7 6 4 7 7
Time— %. :13; ,V4. :23%; >4. :4S; %, 1:15; %.
1:28.' Good Etart. "Won first three driving.
Winner, T. J. Fields' Kg. by El Rio Rey-
Lady Dare. Rey Dare was the gamest at the
flnfth. Quibo closed strong. . Catherine Bravo
ran a nice race. Oscar Tolle sulked.
Betting— Rey Dare, 5-2; Quibo. 15; Catherine
Bravo. 4; Wardman, 7-2; Oscar Tolle, 3; Ma
tilda 0, 15; Darlene, 50.
OAKLAND RACETKACK— Saturday,
June 15, 1801,— Weather line. Track
fast.
2G0S. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: selling;
mares; four-year-olds and*up; purse, $300. ¦
Ind$x, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2581 Odd Eyes, 5, lOo.Alexndr 3 4 10 12 1 %
2579 Clarando. 5. 97.... Butler 2 1 h 1^28
2591 L. Clleveden, 4, 102.Collis 5 3 ?i S 1 3 2
2436 Spry Lark, a, 102. ..Prior 1 2 1 4 4
2518 March Seven, 4, 9S.Feary 4 5 Bled
Time— y. :21V4; %, :49; %. 1:14%. Fair start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Mrs. E. J.. Schwartz's b. m. by imp-
Stromboll-Lake County. Odd Eyes won with
her ears pricked. Clarando ran a fair race.
Lou Clleveden acted very badly at the post,
but had no speed. Scratched— Good Hope 101,
Vantino.95. I .
Betting— Odd- Eyes, 4-5; Clarando. 9-2; Lou
Clleveden, 11-5; Spry Lark, 16; March Saven, 30.
dom Aim. 5-4; Russell & Allen's Castaway beat
A. R. Curtis' Candelaria, 10-1; A. R. Curtis'
King Cotton beat E. Geary's Bonnla Pasha,
4-0; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat T. J. Mo
Inerney*s Tommy Rex. 4-0; E. M. Kellog?"s
-Modest Lad beat Sterl & KnowW CHara,
4-3; D. J.^jealey's Lady Clare- beat J. Smith's
Eoney Boy, 5-2; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prlnc«
bsa.t Ii F. Bartels' Banner Bright, 4-0,
Class stake, first round— P. M. Curtis' Shadow
beat T\ J. Cronin's Thornnill, 5-3; Pasha Ken
nels* Master Rocket beat r>. Cahlll's Ever
Sure, 4-3: P^sha Kennels" Roman Athlete beat
George Sharman'3 St. Ives. 4-3; Russell &
Allen's First Foot beat J. Seg^eraon'3 Alg1»
McDonald. 10-3; P. M. Curds' McKinley beat
P. Jackson's Honor Bright, 6-2; P. M. Curtis'
"War Kag-le beat George Sharman'3 Black Flush,
5-3: P. M. Curtis' Vagrant beat James Con
nell'a Casey. 10-4; P. Steinhofl's Veto beat P.
Rosner"B Homer, 8-0; J. Hurley's Gratnercy
beat A. R. Curtis' Pilot. 13-4; A. R. < Curtis'
Loyal Dad beat Star Kennels' Black Head, 3-2;
L. M. Parkinson's Ben. Lomond beat- W. C.
de B. Lopez's Eager, 6-1; E. -M. Kellcerg'a
Sweet Emma beat w. J. Leonard's Tom Hur
lick. 3-0; J. Smith's Master "Workman beat F.
B. Gerber*s Mount Ida, 4-0; Star Kennels* May
flower beat P. Jackson's Golden Russet, 5-0; F.
A. McComb's Hot Haste beat Star Kennels'
Herschel'a Pride. 3-2; A. Vanderwhlte-'s Flora
McDonald a bye; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union,
beat J. D. Cardinell's Jeslby. 4-0; Russell &
Allen's Daisy Clatr beat J. Hurley's Hurricane,
5-2; James Connell's Log Boy beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Bona Fide. 5-0; E. N. Whiteside's
Greenback beat P. M. Curtis' Cash, 4-2; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist beat H. Lynch'B Cotton
Ball, 8-3; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bella beat J.
Dean's 'Warco. 4-0; L.- F. Bartels" Best Bar
gain beat P. M. Curtis* Echo. 3-0; Pasha Ken-
Dels* Royal Archer beat J. H. McNeil's Blade
Hawk, 6-5; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory beat»
C. A. Bonar'a Wild Norah. 7-2; Aeneld Ken-,
nels' Agamemnon beat ~W. C. Glasson's lone.
5-1; L. M. Connell's "White Hat beat J. Ker
rigan's Roxana. 4-0: Thomas Matter's Bad Boy
beat Pasha Kennels' Snapshot. 10-1; Russell &
Allen's Spiteful beat R.. B. Kay's Hawker,
12-5; A.'R. Curtis' Vulcan beat P. M. Curtis'
Warpath, 4-1; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat
W. Cairns' Imperial. 7-1; O. Zahl's Mlas WUsot*
beat "W. C_ Glasson's Sleigh Bella. 3-7; J.
Cane's Greenhall beat Star Kennels', Fontenoy,
3-0; P. M. Curtis' Narcissus beat F. A. Mo-
Comb's Royal Flush, 8-5; Pasha Kennels*
Rocker beat E. M. Kelloggr's Buck, 8-0: P. SL
Curtis' Anchor beat George Sharman's Chicago
Boy, "3-2; E. Geary's America, beat Georg»
Sharman's Bowery Boy, 6-0; T>. . Toland' s Pleas
ant Girl beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol, 8-0|
Russell & Allen's Strayaway beat P. Doyle' »
Thelma, 8-6; J. Markland's The. Grafter a by»;
Russell & Allen's. Rosle Clair a Bye; I* M.
Though the weather agent guessed It
right when he forecasted a pleasant day
for yesterday, it would have been hard
for him to find a piker who would corrob
orate him after the run-down of the Un
ion Park Class stake had been finished.
Throughout the ; entire round but five
short ends landed, only one of which waa
batter than 2 to 1.
In the course between Cotton Ball and
Rural Artist the bettors who 'take a
chance "just for luck when the odds are
long came near to evening matters up.
Though a few pools were sold, there waa
no one who voiced the opinion that Cot
ton Ball figured with the imported cour
ser or even had a chance. "When the offer
of 25 to 1 was made a few hunch players
got on at the price.
When the home doff went tip the flela
showing the way to his opponent the hold
ers of red tickets could be heard humming
a cantata of the pikers' lodge in their en
deavor to throw the lucky spell on their
runner. They must have started the tune
In a wrong key, for Cotton Ball stopped
scoring after getting three points to his
credit.
Cosey , on the short end at 1 to 6 against
Vagrant,- led and made the first four
points, but was outworked from that stage.
Best Bargain beat Echo pointless. Th«
talent's price, 5 to 1, was wrong- figuring.
McKinley beat Honor Bright, Log Boy
beat Bona Fide at 2- to 1, Master Rocket
beat Ever Sure at 5 to 3 and Modest' Lad
beafO'Hara at 5 to 4. •. •
Lady Clare is first choice for stalte hon
ors at 4 to 1 in the long odds book. Nar
cissus and War Eagle at 6 and For Glory
at 8 are well backed. Likely winners ia
the second round are Master Rocket, Ro
man Athlete, McKinley, War Eagle,'Loy
al I ad, Ben Lomond, Mayflower, Hot
Haste. Royal Union. Log Boy, Rural Art
ist, Beat Bargain, For Glory, Bad Boy,
Vulcan, John Doe. Narcissus, Anchor.
America, The Grafter, Rosle Clair, King
Cotton, Olita and Lady Clare.
In the Ladies' Day Champion stake
Palo Alto is a strong first choice, being
held at 6 to 5. For Freedom Is deemed a
factor in the stake, though against clever
Flying Fox the champion , of other days
will have to show considerable of his old
time worth. The hound ia In the best
condition that training can bring him to,
though if he can- come out of the stud at
his age ' after a retirement of two year*
and hold his own against such a bunch
of coursers he certainly deserves credit.
The stake is a good one and will attract
a great crowd.
Fine Fire. Vandal, Real Article, Santo
nin and Dewdrop are held at 30, Norah at
20, Ireland and Wedgewood at 15, Little
Sister and Homer Boy at 12. Sir Pasha at
10 Harlem Gladys at 6 and Sisquoc and
Flying Fox at 5.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
High-01as3 Greyhounds Are
on the Card to Try for
Talent Figures Him First
Choice in Champion
Stake.
PALO ALTO HAS
STRONG BACKIHG
'An ¦; old maid is a bachelor-girl,', third
person," singular number, past tense.
Andries Dewet Coming to America:
- BERLIN,,; June } 15.— Andrle's DeVet, the
Boer. ' leader, 1 *' Bays' • he 'Is- going ; to:' the
I' ni ted States in the middle of July to lec
ture.' -.•*¦¦ . " •*.¦?¦-. . ':¦...."¦ ' :. ¦ ¦ :¦ ' ¦- : '
• Trotting — Trilby won in three straight heats.
Beet - time.' • 2:18. ¦ .Charley ; Me . second, • Kane
third: . , '.'¦ . \ : \ ¦ ,
«•' Pacing— Raymond won ; . second; a third .•> and
fourth heats and race. Best time, 2:20. Lottie
Smart won first ¦ heat in,2:16'and was second;
Aelse third.' ":"-:,' .¦-_-¦¦ ¦ ¦ <'¦¦*¦¦ '..:-¦'. : ¦¦ <•; y - :
DENVER, June 15.— The j Overland ' Park
spring races opened ' to-day. The track < was
heavy. ; but the day was flue, : and 6000 people
attended. .Results: .* . .. ' i :
• Six : furlongs— Tempse • won, Comet .second
Summer third. ' Time, 1:18. v
: Five i and : a- half furlongs— Betty B won,
Alarla second, r Prince « Ruesell , third. Time,
1:10%.^ '¦*-.,.> .... .,. •¦¦- -. ', ¦ . .\; . ¦ i ;¦•-,-, '.
1 Colorado Derby, $500 added, one mile and an'
eighth— Follow • Me won, Virgle d'Or ' second
Kenova' third. 'Time, 1:59H. ".'¦
' Four i furlongs— K ¦ C * won, Roger Q second
Odessa third. Time, ':52%. .;;->
Six 'furlongs — Sir'Gatian won, Larequoise
second. Bulgarian thlrd-i Time, 1:16& -. . -- \j; :
Six furlonss, selling— Lady Berkeley won, Our
Lizzie second, Francis Reis third. Time, :15»4/
CHICAGO, June ¦ 15.— Harlem results :
Six furlongs — Emma C I> won. Emma R sec
ond, Revanna third. Time, 1:15 2-5. •" >
Four f urlt nss— Elsie L won, Ed Austin sec
ond, Sweet Btllle' third. Time, MS 4-5. .V
'. Six furlongs— Tayon won. The Lady second,
George Arnold third. Time, 1:14 3-5. .
M. I* Clark stakes, erne and ¦ one-eighth miles
—Lady Schorr won. Operator second, Six Shoot
er third. Time,' 1:54>. , :.
*.One mile and seventy yards— Hard Knot won.
Scarlet, 1 Lily second. Barrack third. Time,
1:462-5. ,-••.• ... . ; ¦ '¦>¦¦ ¦ ' .-. .- ' ¦- ;! ..
One mile, selling — Federal won,, Thurles sec
ond. Ida V third. Time, 1:42 3-5.
One mile. Belling— Frank Ireland won, Zaca
tosa second. Free Hand third. ' Time, : 1:43 2-5. '
¦ Detroit. stakes, for two-year-olds, four and a
half furlongs— Hall Mark" won, Red Robe sec
ond. Tambourine third. Time, :56. .
Match, $2000, six furlongs— Scorpion, 113 (Trox.
ler), 6 to 5, won; Petra II, 106 (J. Daly), 3 to 5,
second. Time, 1:14%. ¦¦¦_,,-.•
Selling, one mile— Tekla won. Filibuster sec
ond. Spars third. Time,, 1:43. ¦ -¦,
Six furlongs, selling— Nana B I< won. Young
Henry second, I 'Don't Know third. Time,
l:15V4. '¦ .
Five furlongs, selling— Newton . won, Lynden
Tree second, • Lemuel third. Time, 1:02.
' Handicap, one . mile — Orankas , won, J. , H.
Sloan second. Moore third. Time, 1:41. .
One mile and an eighth— Charley O'Brien v/on,
Albert Vale second, Strathbroeck third. Time.
1:56/ - ,;."¦ . ¦ ¦ --
Four and a half furlongrs — Insolence won, Fa
leta second. The Widow third. Time, :56VS. -
Six furlongs, selling— Robert Gray won, To
luca second, Phosphorous third. Time, 1:16.
DETROIT, June, 15.— Highland Park summa
ries: " .. ¦ ¦ -. ;¦ .. ":."¦'..-¦
CINCINNATI, June 15.— Newport summaries:
One mlle, : selling— Eentley B won. Brown Vail
second, Robert Morrison third. Time, 1:45.
Six furlongs — Prue Wood won. The Bronze
Demon second, Juniper third. Time, 1:16%. \
! Six furlongs, selling— Eva Wilson won, Sweet
Dream second, Jim Gore II third. Time, l:16Vi-
On Other Eastern Tracks."
FORMER AMATEUR
RECORDS STAND
¦ _- *
Eastern Athletes Close
Track and Field
Sports.
New York Clubs .Win First
Place in the Buffalo
Competition.
BUFFALO. X. T., June 15.— The track
and field sports given under the auspices
of the A. A. U. ended to-day with the
senior championships, and when the last
lap had been run and the last weight
tossed not a single amateur record had
been broken in competition. In an exhi
bition throw Harry L. Gill of Toronto
tossed the discus 120 feet 11% inches, which
is 2 feet 2^4. inches better than the record,
•which has stood for three years, but the
amateur records do not recognize per
formances outside of competition. .
The prettiest performance of the day
•was the sprinting of Sears of Cornell,
•who ran 100 yards with a N. Y. A. C. em
blem on his breast in 9 4-5 seconds, which
Is the record. Sears also took the 220-yard
dash in brilliant style and went the dis
tance In within three-flfths of a second of
the record.
Gill of Toronto was protested in every
event in which he competed for alleged
professionalism, and the result in the dis
cus throw, which he won; the running
high Jump, where he was second, and the
12-pound shot put, where he was second,
•will remain- in doubt until his case is
passed upon.
Crediting It with the men who ran nn
der Its colors, the Xew York Athletic CJub
¦was first in wins, Detroit Athletic Club
¦was second and the Pastime Athletic Club
third. The summary follows:
SSO-yard run— Howard TT. Hayes, Detroit A.
C. won; H. E. Hasting*. N. Y. A. C. second;
Irrtn Ortol. Toronto Lacrosse Club. third.
Time, 2:02 4-5.
100-yard run— F. M. Sears tvon, Clark 51.
Liebe second, W. £. Edwards third. Time,
:09 4-5. This time equals the record.
Putting 16-pound shot— F. D. Beck. X. T.
A. C, won, 42 feet 11% inches; Harry L. Gill,
Toronto, second, 40 feet Wi inches; John
Flanagan. N. Y. A. C, third, 40 feet 10%
inches. Beck is from Yale.
'120-yard hurdle — Walter T. Fishleigh. Detroit
'A. C, won; Thomas McQueeney. St. ¦ Ann's
Hyde Park Mass., second; W. J. Keldkamp,
Pastime A. C, New York, third. Time, :16 1-6.
One 'mile run— Alexander Grant, N. Y. A. C,
¦won; R. I. Banford, K. A. C New York, sec
ond; A. Mackenzie, Pastime A. C, New York,
third. Time. 4:26 2-5.
440-yard run — Howard Hayes, Detroit A. C.
won; D. J. Brennan, Pastime A. C, New
York second; J. S. Westney, Pennsylvania
¦University, third. Time, :52 2-5.'
220- yard run— F. M. Sears, N. Y. A. C, won;
I". R. Moulton. N. Y. A. C. second; C. M.
LSebe. Detroit A. C, third. Time. :22.
220-yard hurdle — Henry Arnold, Union Settle
ment A. C, New York, won; J. J. Nuger, De
troit A. C, second; E. J. Etynge. Pastime A.
C. New York, third. Time, :26.
Throwing 16-pound hammer — John Flanagan,
X. Y. A C. won. 158 feet 10H inches; John
R. Dewitt. Princeton, second, 156 feet llVi
inches; Charles H. Henneman, Milwaukee A.
C. third. 127 feet S inches.
Running broad jump— Harry P. McDonald,
New York A. C. won, 22 feet 7 inches.
Five mile run — Frank A. Kanahy, Cambridge
port Gymnasium A. C, won. Time, 26:44 4-5.
Pole vault for fceiKht-^fcarles E. Dvorak.
Detroit A. C. won. 11 feet 3 inches.
Running high jump— S. S. Jones, N. Y. A.
C. won. 6 feet 2 inches.
Throwing the. discus — Harry L«. Gill, Toronto,
won. IIS feet 5 inches.
Throwing- 56-poun<i weight — John Flanagan,
N. Y. A. C. won. 30 feet 6 inches.
EERLINV June 15,— The Lokal Anzelger
says a big review will take place at May
ence, Augxist 14, In the presence <rfj Em
peror Vi"Illiam, King 1 Edward anu the
Ci^r.
Big Beview Before Boyalty.
ROME,- June 15.— The princess Yolande,
csughter of the King and Queen of Italy,
•who was born June 1, was christened at
tho Qnlrlnalto-day with, great ceremonial,
In the presence of the King, the royal
family and state and church dignitaries.
In a crush on the square in front of the
palace a number, of school children were
injured.
taxon. the winner of the Prix du Jockey
Club at ChantJlly, remains the general
favorite for the Grand Prix, but La Patria
this afternoon selects Olympian as- the
•winner, concluding from, the horse's rurj
r.ing in the Derby that Mr. Keene was
keeping Oylmpian for the Grand Prix.
Princess Yolande Christened.
The Paris Sport, commenting on Hen
ry's success, says: "Henry does not sit
on his horse's neck, as Sloan does, but on
his head, with his- hands at the bit, and,
strange to say, the hcrse does not mind
this posture, as the result eloquently tes
tifies." • ' ,
champs Races in France.
PARIS, June 15.— Milton Henry, the
American jockey, who rode Cap and Bells
IT, winner of the Oaks, and who.to-mor
row will rMe Foxhall Keene's Olympian
in the Grand 'Prix at Paris, made a most
successful appearance in France at the
Longcharcps races to-day. He rode in
three races and wen all of them. Henry
ivon the Prix «1e Mont Valerien on Malar
tio, at 16 to 1 against, beating the favor
ite, Multiplicateur. at 11 to 10 against, by
three lengths. He then won the Prix
d'Argentcuil on the favorite, Pomme d'Or,
at 7 to 4 against, Trinning by two lengths.
Pomme d'Or was behind until reaching
the homestretch. There the hcrse
swerved, but Henry brought him in line
quickly pnd pressing him hard finished
an easy winner. Finally he neatly won
the Prix de Meudon. on • Ipom Posis, at 9
to 2 against, the American jockey beating
the favorite and second favorite. His win
nings for the day were 2C.O00 francs ($4000).
liides Three Winners at the long:
JOCKEY HEK"RY VICTORIOUS.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Before a
crowd of 20,000 persons, on a
most disagreeable day, Alcedo
came home a winner in the Su
burban tc-day in but two-fifths of
a second more than when Salvator made
the record, eleven years ago. The crowd
cheered wildly, for there was a hot tip on
him and he won easily. Toddy managed
to hold second place till a few jumps from
the wire, when Watercure passed him and
left him third. The favorite, Ethelbert,
badly beaten, was away back in the ruck.
Suburban day was little . better than
that on which the Brooklyn Handicap
was run, in the rain, but it was fully as
disagreeable, for a cold northwest wind
swept across the track, making everybody
uncomfortable and chilling the enthusi
asm of the spectators. When the time
came for the horses to go to the post in
the Suburban the grand stand was a solid
mass of dark colors, very different from
the scene of a year ago, when the specta
tors were in bright summer garb. -
Ethelbert was at all times a consistent
favorite, although a lot of money went in
on Alcedo, on the strength of some phe
nomenal work two days ago, and he was
backed from 20 to 1 to 4 to 1. The odds at
post time were: Ethelbert, 13 to 10; Al
cedo, 4 to 1; Star -Bright, 4 to 1; Kamara,'
& to 1: Toddy, 30 to 1; Sidney Lucas, 25 to
1; Watercure, 10 to 1; Blues. 8 to 1; All
Gold, 30 to 1; Beau Gallant, 30, to 1; Pro
cession, 40 to 1.
Delay at the Post.
The horses cantered slowly up to the
post between lanes of people that extend
ed along the stretch on both sides of the
track. The spectators stood ten deep
along the rail. -
The horses were in the hands of the
starter at 4:10 o'clock. Mr. Fitzgerald
never had a worse lot before him. They
absolutely refused to go up to the barrier
and time and again it was shot up in the
hope that they might wheel and get away
in decent order, in the sixth break they
were off to a good start, with Watercure
in front, Alcedo second and Ethelbert,
Star Bright and the rest close up. I On the
way to the grand stand they settled into
thfir stride and as they came to the lower
turn Alcedo got to the front, with All
Gold second and Ethelbert third. Around
the turn and to the half-mile pole on the
backstretch there was little shifting of
Eositions, Alcedo still holding the lead
y a neck over Blues, which had come up
from behind in the mixup,' All Gold fall
ing back to fourth place. , . •
There was a pretty race between the.
leaders up the backstretch and everybody
shouted as a streak of blue and white
shot by them all on the outside, for Toddy
had elected to make his run then and
at the three-Quarter pole he had a neck
the better of Alcedo, which was a length
and a half. in front of Blues. The latter
was just clear of Ethelbert, which seemed
to be in difficulties and slowly slipping
back in the race. That was not all Toddy
could do, for in almost the twinkling of an
eye he was in the lead by a half length,
then an open length in front as they
swung around the broa4 upper turn.
Alcedo to the Front.
Spencer, on Alcedo, knew Toddy's limit,
however, and bided his time. The. seven
furlong pole was in sight and he called
on Alcedo, which responded bravely. One
instant he gathered himself and then in
a series of herculean bounds he passed
the Keene four-year-old almost as if he
were standing still. It was a tremendous
burst of speed and timed so that as they
rounded into the last quarter Alcedo was
a length to the good over Toddy, which
was two lengths in front of the rest of the
field, all of which were dropping back
beaten, with the exception of Watercure,
on vhich Shaw was making a desperate
effort. Ethelbert, the pride, of Perry Bel
mont's heart, -was beaten,- away back in
the ruck and was losing ground with
every stride.
At last they were straightened out for
home, and it was plain to everybody
that, barring accident, the prize was a
sure one for Alcedo. Spencer took a
steadying pull on the leader but kept him
well' in ¦ his stride, so that any possible
challenger would find him ready to meet
the issue.
In the meantime little Smith, riding
hard with hands and heels, was doing his
best 'to hold Toddy In second place. He
almost succeeded, but Shaw; had the bet
ter horse, and Watercure J took . second
place a few Jumps from the wire. ' Alcedo
was running along comfortably in front,
and when the wire was reached and he
had carried off the great -race of thelyear
the crowd shouted as loudly as if Ethel
bert had been the winner.
"Jimmy" McCormack's'Luck.
The race had a'few spectacular features
but it seemed always as if Alcedo had the
most speed, and the time, -2:(5 2-5, might
have been less had there been a horse to
crowd the winner.' Jt was an easy victory
for J. H. McCormick, who had told his
friends that he would surely win. Sum
mary: ¦ • ¦ - - • ' '
Introductory steeplechase, short course — Bul-
, KANSAS CITY, June: 15.7-Arthur, Stan
ley Metcalf,* walking from Boston* to " San
Francisco on a wager of $1000 that; he will
reach the - Golden Qate byrDecembfir 15
next, arrived here to-day. .He Is a month
ahead of schedule. „, , -
Walking Across, the Country.
Willie Anderson, Pittsfleld, 184; yesterday^
total, 167—331. , . ' ¦ ,- *•*••¦¦-.¦
Alexander Smith; Scotland, 167; : yesterday's
total. 164—331. V ,
Willie Smith, Chicago,' 163; yesterday's total
170—333. •. . .- '•;•*• r '
Stuart Gardner, Gardner City. It I., 166; yes
terday' B,£otal. 168—334. - , .
Lawrence Aucherlone. Glenvlew, Chicago, i 169;
yesterday's total, 166— 335. ¦ ,; p . , [•«
Bernard Nichols, Boston, 16B; yesterday's to
tal. 169—335. :;••- . . > .
David Brown,- Crescent, Brooklyn, 167; yester
day's total. 169—336. . - ¦- i » . -
Alex Campbell, -Brookllne, 164; yesterday's "to
tal, 175—339. -¦ .•¦- , :.; < • .
HAMILTON, Mass., June 15.— Probably
never before in the history of golf has
there been such a remarkable and excit
ing ? finish in an open tournament, as took
place at the Myopia -Hunt Club to-day,
where after a 72-hole contest medal play
the open championship of the United
States resulted in a tie between .Willie
Anderson of Pittsfleld, Mass:, rand Alex
ander Smith, formerly of •> Chicago, , but
now claiming his old home green, Canous
tie, Scotland, as his hailing club. Each
took 331 strokes in. covering. the 18-hole
course four times, and on Monday they
will play 18 more holes to decide which Is
the chamDlon , golfer of ' the <¦ country • and
"entitled to receive the $200 prize money, of
fered by the association. : , ,, , :
Following are the scores of the. eight
leaders: ", ., ¦ . .' " ,- ' s "" '
States Remains Undecided.
Contest for Championship of United
St. Louis Derb£ mile and a half; $8000-611
verdale, 127 (J. woods), 6 to 5, won; Sanna
zarro, 122 (Boland), 3 to 1, second; Wall, -119 (L,.
Rose). 15 to 1. third. Time, 2:35. -'.¦', > '.
One mile, selling — Miss Patron won. Maximus
second. Reducer third. . Time, 1:42%.
•..One mile and a quarter, selling:— Lee' Bruno
won, Satin Coat second, Chickamauga third.
Time. 2:08. .', .; ¦:.•• , •-
One mile, purse — Maude ' Gonne won, . Chap
paqua second, . Thrive third. Time. 1:40.
GOLFERS PLAY A TIE GAME.
Fifteen, thousand people journeyed 'to
the track to see the Derby run,' and they
gave Mr. Schorr's colt and jockey an ova
tion; Racing conditions could -not have
been more perfect than they were to-day.
Silverdale was made - favorite at 6 to 5,
but owing to t the fact that the turf critics
and professional handlcappers had stated
that the colt showed a' disinclination to go
the Derby route in his workouts no de
cided plunge was made on him. San*
nazarro and Gaheris were the next best
liked and they received a strong play.
Duelist made the running to the mile,
where he chucked it up. Sannazarro then
assumed command and showed the way
into the stretch by a commanding - lead.
When they were straightened out for
home Woods went to the bat on Silver
dale, and, responding gamely, the colt
passed the rapidly tiring Sannazarro at
the 'last furlong pole and beat him'out by
a half length. Wall .was third, two lengths
off, with the balance of the. field strung
out. . • . . : . '*.'":
Silverdale was badly. bumped on all the
turns and was twice pocketed In the last
three-quarters, but when ¦¦> he finally
squeezed through he : came like a lion un
der the -whip and was going away, at the
finish. Summary: -¦ ... - , •
Six furlongs, selling 1 — Matt Hogan won, Elsie
Barnes second, Sinn third. Time. 1:14%.
• Six furlongs — Talpa won, Waklta' second,
Kaffir third. Time, l:14Vi.« ...
Six furlongs — Brulare won, HI Nocker second,
Vicl Vance third. Time. 1:14. • « ¦ .
ST. LOUIS, June 15.— Silverdale, the
mighty son of Favordale and Golden Roq
II, picked up 127 pounds and carried the
colors of John W. Schorr, the Memphis
millionaire breeder, to victory in the St.
Louis Derby this afternoon, covering the
mile and a half in 2:35.
Lady Schorr at Harlem.
TWO CLASSICS rOB SCHORR.
Silverdale Wins at St. . Louis and
John.E. Madden thought so well of Star
Bright's chances that he bet $11,500 on Mr.
Whitney's candidate. ¦ A" $2000 commission
on Star Bright was also sent into the ring
by a clubhouse contingent..
While Alcedo runs in the name of'"Jim
my" McCormick, it is understood that his
real owner is Louis V. Bell.
Clarence Mackay, not wishing to. allow
his' new purchase - Kamara to run un
backed, bet $250 against J3000 on the filly.
Had Kamara won it was" Mackay' s inten
tion to make a present of the $3000 to his
stable - employes. . Mackay always puts
down a bet for the boys/ashe calls them,
when he starts a horse, in a big event.
He never beta for pereonal gain. - -
Watercure was well thought of by sev
eral shrewd players. "Eddie" Burke liked
Littfield's horse so well -that he wagered
$2000 against $16,000 on the son of Water
cress. "Leo" Mayer bet $1000 against 58000
the same way. Another plunger, whose
betting name is Charles Bonnell, ' placed
$1000 straight and place on Watercure and
quit ?2000 winner tt> the race.
Johnson and Gideon were ' all smiles
after the race. It is said that, their win
nings footed up close to . J50.000. Frank
Farrefl was another fortunate one; bet
ting $2000 against $16,000 on the winner.'
Farrell also prevented his friend. Senator
Timothy D. Sullivan,- from losing money
and made him win $1250. I
NEW YORK; June 15.— The speculation
In the betting ring was extremely, brisk
from the time the odds were posted until
the starter sent the field away in the Su
burban handicap. " Ethelbert* always had
the call with the public. . Quite a,number
of heavy bettors also placed large com
missions on Perry Belmont's horse," nota
bly among the number being "Sol" Lich
tenstein, who bet $5(XX);' Jesse Lewissohn,
who wagered $2503, and "Jakey" Josephs,
who wagered $2WW against $i'l\X).
Secona only to the. play on the favorite
was the support given Alcedo by small
and large bettors. Conspicuous among
the good judges of thorougnbreds who bet
thousands of dollars on . "Jimmy" Mc-
Cormick's horse were David Johnson and
David Gideon. As soon as the books post
ed the prices Johnston bet "Eddie" Burke
$1000 against $10,000. He made a similar
wayer with "Leo" Mayer.
and Now Smile Happily.
Judges of Thoroughbreds Back Him
ALCEDO SECOND FAVORITE.
lingdon won. Dallion second. Mars Chan third.
Time, 4:13 2-3. H •
Six furlong-s — Voter won, Vitelllus second,
Contend third. Time. 1:14 3-5. » ' ¦ \
. Double event, five and a half furlongs — Nas
turtium won,- Par Excellence second, Fly
Wheel third. Time, 1:C4 1-5.
The Suburban, mile and a quarter— Alcedo,
112 (Spencer), 4 to 1 and 5 to 5, won; Water
cure, 100 (Shaw), 10 to .1 and 3 to 1, second;
Toddy. 100 (L. Smith). 30 to 1 and 10 to 1.
third. Time, 2:05 2-5. Ethel bert, Sidney Lucas,
Star Bright, Beau Gallant, Procession, Kamara,
Blues and All Gold also ran.
Five furlongs, maidens— Satasco won, Chil
ton second. De Reszke third." Tima, :56 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling, on turf — Bluff
won, Seminqle second, Barbara Frietchie third.
Time, 1:40 4-5.
Backed From 20 to 4 to I McCormick's'Colt
Wins Easily and Comes Within Two-
Fifths of a Second of Salvator's Record
Karned runs— Los Angeles 9, San Francisco 1.
Home run — Bowman. Two-base hits — C. Reilly
(2), Reitz, Householder, Nordyke. Sacrifice
hits— Spies, Hutchinson, Kelly .(2). First base
on . errors— Los Angeles, 4, San- Francisco 1.
First ¦ base . on ' called i balls— Off , Jones 6, . off
Evans 1. Left on bases, Los Angeles 7. San
Francisco 6. Struck out — By Jones 1, by Evans
1. Hit by pitcher— Reitz, Graham. /Double
plays — Reltz to Kelly to Hutchinson; Pabst to
Krug.to J. Reilly. Passed ball— Spies 1. Wild
pitch— Evans 1. Time of game— 1 hour and 55
minutes. ' Umpire— Graves. Official scorer—
Cashman. - i -. ' J '" •
Base hits 1 2 0 0 : 1« 0 0.2 0—6
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles ....'....
Base hits .*.
Ban Francisco........
4 0 0 0 % 2 3 0 5 •— 14
5 0.002105 •— 13
020000010 — 3
Totals SO 3 6 i , 1 24 12 4
• RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf. .....3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hildebrand. If 3 12 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 0 0 0 10 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 0* 12 1 0
Krur, ss .....3 10 0 0-2 0
Nordyke, rf 8 1 1 13 1 2
Graham, c ........ 8. 0 00 1 0 ¦ 0
J. Reilly, 3b .4 0 0 0 2 1 2
Evans, p.. 4 0 2.0 0 7 0
Totals :.".33 14 13 1 27 . 15 1
. , SAN . FRANCISCO.
• ...;.:: AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf......... 4 .'. 2 1,01,1 0 0
Reltz, 2b............. 2 2/2 0 .4 '3 0
Householder, cf...... 5 3 2 0 4- . 1 0
Spies., c .....:.. 3 2 2 0 12' 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 '2 1 0 10 0 0
C. Reilly, 3b......... 4 2 2 0 11 1
Kelly, ' ss , 2 0, 1 1 5 6 0
Bowman, lf.,i 5 1 2 0 1 .1 0
Jone3, p... .5 0 0 0 0 2 0
LOS ANGELES. June 15.— Los Angeles
slaughtered 'Evans In the opening and
closing, Innings to-day. Captain , Rellly
made his men hit scientifically, one In
stance being a sacrifice by Kelly with the
bases full and only one out. Score:
. _; .LOS ANGELES.
Weips Easy for the Angels.
- Rung responsible for— Devereaux 2, Johnson 1.
Home run— Hanlon. Two-base hits— Streib,
Francks; Moore. Sacrifice h!t — Johnson.- First
base on errors) — Oakland 5, Sacramento 4. First
base onvcalled balls— Oakland 1, Sacramento 2.
Left on bases— Oakland 4, Sacramento 6. Struck
out— By Devereaux 1, by Johnson 3.' Double
play— Francks to Arrellanes to Eagan. - Wild
pitch— Johnson. Time of game — 1 hour and 45
minutes. I Umpire — Tyler. McFarlane, official
scorer. ' * ..
Base hits ' 0 0 1 .1 0 1 0 0. 0— 3
-.:! ,." ' '...SUMMARY. , :
Totals ..............33 2 3 1-24 16 5
;f.^:V-RUKS BY HITS AND INNINGS. ;
Oakland .;..../......... 3 0 0 3 0 10 0. *— 7
Base hits 2 0 12 0 3 1 0 . •— 9
Sacramento ........... 0 0 0 10-100 0—2
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Deverea,ux, p 4 0 10 1 ' 2 :; 0
McLaughlln, : If 4 0 0* 0 2. 0. 0
Courtney, 2b. 3.00 0 3.50
Strlcklett, rf... ...... 4 -0 0 0 3 0-0
McGucken, cf. ....... 4 1, 0 1 1"« 0 2
Hanlon; S3 4 1 2 0 2 4 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 ff 1 1 2 0
Sheehan, 3b.....:.... 3 0 0 0 " 1 3 2
Shanahan, Mb..' .3 0 0 0 10 0. 1
SACRAMENTO.
9 0 , 27 , 13 5
Totals ...35
: h *:.; AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy.lf ....5 . 11 0 2 00
Drennan, cf. ......... 4 . 0,1 0 2 00
Streib, rf....:. ;.3 1 >2 0 3 0 0
Eagan.'lb 4 10 0 11 0 2
Arrellanes, 2b * 11 0 4. 3 3
Francks.'ss......: 4 0 1 0 14 0
Moore; 3b............. 4 1 2 0 1 5 0
Lohman^ c 4 1 10 3 1 0
Johnson, p. .....3 1 0 0 0 0. 0
OAKLAND.
Moore played record ball on third. " He
stopped many swift ones and threw ac
curately to the T initial bag. Arrellanes
had an" off day and made three error3.
Stanley's throwing to second was a fea
ture. . Devereaux and Lohman canT re
strain their tongues and their salaries are
dwindling away by the fines imposed by
Umpire Tyler. . Each captain contributed
$5 tp. the fund yesterday by giving back
"sass.'\ ¦";¦ -¦¦¦.. • . ¦ . , , -"• .
The- attendance was good and the
weather better. Following is the score: j
•Timely hitting won Oakland another
game yesterday. The Athenians had their
lamps trimmed and landed on Dever
eaux's shoots for nine safe swats. The
Legislators could do "nothing, with John
son's delivery. . "Youngey". seemed to have
the visitors guessing and only three hits
wereniade.' Hanlon secured one of. them
—a nice home run over, the left field fenjje,
making, the se.cond of its kind In two days.
Oakland Team Takes the
. Game "by; Timely
: Hitting.
¦ ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - • ' ,.- . -¦
"Yoiingey" Johnson Holds
Wisitors Down to Three
'-4-r - , : Hits.- ¦ -.
BEAU BRUMMELS
BEAT SENATORS
PUBLIC GIVES LAYERS OF ODDS
HARD DRUBBING AT SHEEPSHEAD
JOCKEY HENRY SPENCER PILOTS ALCEDO TO VICTORY IN THE SUBURBAN HANDICAP
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB CLOSES
SEASON WITH CHOCOLATE STAKES
Frank Woods Furnish Big' Sur
prise on" the Last Day— Darktown Derby
Was F^roduGtiye of Usual Jockeying
pT|-«HE California Jockey Club closed
.1 its prolonged season of racing yes-
II •' tey day afternoon at the \ Oakland
UL : track. ,'_ In ;• great numbers the
crowds flocked "to the course
for -a Mast ''chance" at;: the ponies. "With
the ' "chocolate ' stakes' ' \ the season ended
and until next fall there will be no regu
lar.' running races within post call of San
yrancicco. . . .'¦¦":. v - .'"-:•¦' . .; ¦ '¦• '/>
Odd Eyes with Alexander up, a 3 to 5
prohibitive favorite, experienced . no diffi
culty *n winning the first race over the
six furlong, course. .^OfC fourth, Odd Eyes
moved up quickly and fought it out with
Clarando, passing under the wire an easy
winner. Lou Clieveden came in for the
shv>w. • - • • . • ¦
Another favorite, Rey Dare, followed
tip Odd Eyes in the succeeding race. Key
Dare held the fourth , position until the
last turn, when Ruiz broke through, pass
ing Osoar Tolle and Matilda O. Quibo at
15 to 1 got the place; Catharine Bravo
coming- m fdr'the show.- ¦
• H&gtrdon, well away at the start In the
third i^ce, finished four lengths ahead of
the bunch at the wire. Doublet was the
favorite and- made 'the place after, a hard
drive down the stretch* by Hoar. Byron
Kose with Prior up came in for the show.
Escalamc, '¦¦ the favorite in the fourth
race, over the Futurity .course, ran a good
race in 1:11. Off at the start in a good
position J. McCarthy on Huachuca held
his own until the stretch, when he forged
ahead, passing* Escalante and Achilles,
the, latter making the place, the favorite
coming In for the show.
Horton, a hot favorite in«the fifth race,
won after a close ride by McCarthy from
Montalla de and Merops, Sylvan Lass not
figuring, Montallade led until the pad
dock,-but then Horton shot out and won.
Montallade came in for the \ show, Merops
by good action in the stretch making the
place. ¦
Frank Wrod3 at 25 to .1 furnished the
surprise of the day. It was' the sixth
event on the card and few there were who
grave; him a thought. Sir Hampton, a 7
to 10 favorite; was the picking of the wise.
When tne time came Frank Woods, Prior
up, rolled in, Rinaldo, a good leader for a
time, .at 10 to 1, coming in for the place
and Sir Hampton, with the; bat working
by J. McCarthy, reaching the show
money. ¦ ¦ , '
Then came the Darktown Derby. Six
horses started and 'there were just so
many tips of sure winners* floating round
the ring. Crittenden on Kastaine and J.
Lewis on Faunette did not care to win, so
they got into the race when it was about
ovei. Hohenlohe was the favorite, but
the best tip was on Master Cal, who won,
Madison up. - ¦ Hohenlohe got the place.
Boardman made the show.
EASTERN LEAGUE GAMES.
Hating Bostonese.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Pittsburg's Team Shuts Out the Bean-
PITTSBURG, June 15.— After the second in
ning the -game was played in a steady down
pour of rain. " Attendance, 5500. ' Score: •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 1 5 0
Boston .\... 0 4 1
Batteries— Chesbro and O'Connor; Dineen and
Moran. Umpire— Dwyer.
CINCINNATI, June 15.— To-day's game was
started in a drizzling rain, and before the sec
ond inning was over It fairly poured, but" Umr
pire O'Day refused to stop hostilities and three
innings were -played In a drenching .shower.
The game- was called after the : fifth. | Attend
ance. 2000. Score: ¦ , ' . '
Clubs— R- H. K.
CTncinriati ..................*..... 4 ,6 2
Philadelphia'. .......5: ,8- 0
Batteries— Phillips and " Bergen ; -Donohue and
Douglass. Umpire— O' Day.
• CHICAGO, June , 15.— Matthewson received a
hard bumping at the hands of the Chlcagos to
day. Attendance, 12,000. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Chicago ....: 9 12 . 0
New. York ...... ..'2 6 3
Batteries— Waddell, Kltng and Kehoe; Mat
thewson and Warner. > Umpire— Cunningham.
ST. LOUIS, June 15.— Powell- allowed the
Brooklyns enough clean hits , in the • opening
inning. to score three runs, and the St. Louis
batters were unable to. overcome this lead."
Attendance. 10,000. Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ciubs- R. h. ::.. e.
St. Xouis 2, 10 1
Brooklyn 3 8.0
Batteries— Powell and Nichols; McJamea and
Farrell. Umpire— Emslle. •,, . ¦ ;> ; -..;
WASHINGTON, .June 15.— Washington to
day outplayed Cleveland' at the. bat and in the
field,' but, was unable to hit opportunely. . The
game was called at the end of the eighth on
account of darkness. Attendance, 2S0O. Score:
Clubs— '., 'R. v"»H. :¦ E. :
Washington ' ..'... 3 ., ? 11 ' . 1
Cleveland ";." 5 -- ' 8,4
Batteriea-^-Gear and Clarke; Scott; Hofter and
Teaser.
BOSTON, June 15.— Detroit played stupidly
to-day, and Boston had no trouble in winning
the game. A newcomer. Winters, of Gettys
burg, Pa., occupied the box for Boston and
pitched a fair game. Attendance, 5700. Score:
Clubs— : R. H. E.
Boston ...............12 11 2
Detroit. 4 7 5
Batterles^Winters and Schreck; Owens, ¦ Slev
ers, Buelow and Shaw. .. • .
Princeton Tigers Defeat Yale.
Princeton 5 10-3
Yale 2 7.3
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Princeton
Tigers defeated Tale at the polo grounds
this afternoon by the following score:
, . -R. :H. E.
Carlisle Defeats Harvard.
June 15.— The game be
tween Harvard arid Carlisle to-day re
sulted: .Harvard 2, Carlisle 4.
.*¦.-.-¦ . '¦ » — -.'¦.-.
SINGUES TOUBCETAMENT
• WILL BE SUBSTITUTED
California Tennis Club Calls Off * the
Bound Robin for the Kahn
¦ ¦/.:¦ ':-'. } -:'' '"- ;cup.-:,.; '¦ ' . '.¦,.
The tournament , committee, ; composed
of W. B. Collier Jr.," R. N. Whitney ! and
Grant "Smith; of . the . Calif ornia ; Tennis
Club at a meeting . held yesterday, decided
to do away with the round-robin ¦tourna
ment commenced .last Sunday. The cup
put up by Percy. Kahn forthis event .will
be played for next Sunday, , when a handi
cap singles 1 will" be; held.,- Owing to'- the
large entry list it was decided' that a
round-robin - affair . would .'. necessitate too
many matches and too long a time for
completion. The present plan Is to divide
the men into ! three classes and have ln
terclass handicaps, instead - of individual
handicaps. , As there are but three men in
the first class and a ¦• large number in the
second ' and j third classes ' this • Would-be
fairer • than : • having: a class singles, ' in
which the class winners come together in
the finals. . . • '' : •" • »•::--'. ¦.*. :.'•:
• The : men < will • be classified" as follows :
George and Robert "Whitney and Sumner
Hardy, ' first ! class; B. Collier, Harold
Cfowell, Merle Johnson, s Drummond Me-
Gavin, Ray Cornell' and Grant Smith,'sec
ond class, and the remaining members of
the club third ; class. ' third class en
tries will probably ; be Chet Smith, Sidney
Salisbury, -. Dr.'. * Lane, - Charles^ Kuehn,
Douglass Grant, .Orville , Pratt,' Harry
Haignt, George-Lane and several others.
The handicaps have not yet been "ar
ranged,'but will probably be on .the sixth
system and be as follows:'; First class al
lows i second ' class ; - eight - sixths, \ t second
class. allows* third class eight '. sixths, and
first'/ class \ allows ?. third ¦. clasa -i twelve
sixths. The ,j tournament 4 will commence
at 10:30 ; June * ; 23; -i and : be : completed -the
same day If possible'.' Preliminary; matches
will" be .: two i; sets f out i of.' three, * and Tthe
final match. three out of five. •
"The strongest fortress in European Rus
sia la Cronstadt. It is the Russian naval
depot of the 4 Baltic Sea. - .
THE SAN FRA^STCISCO :C^LIi, SUNDAY^ JUNE 16, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
24
SUBURBAN HANDICAP
AVINIVERS.
Tear. I HORSE. . Jockey.
Jockey.
HORSE.
Value.
Wt.
Time.
1554 General Monroe W. Donohtie ...':...":.
1555 Ponttae W. Olney ...'."....
1556 Troubadour W. Fitzpatrick..
1557 Eurus Davis .................
18SS Elkwood Martin ...............
1S89 Raceiand E. Garrison :
1890 Salvator '...: I. Murphy
1891 Loaruaka M. Bergin,...:
1592 Montana E. Garrison
1593 Lowlander . McDermott "..
1834 Ramapo F. Taral :..
3SS5 Lazzerone ' T./HamlHon
1836 Henry of Navarre H. Griffln
1S37 Ben Brush '. Sims . . .-. ..
1398 Tillo Clayton
1SS9 Imp Turner
1900 KInley Mac McGue
3OU1 {Alcedo Spencer
$4,945 \
5,800
5,700
6,065
6,800'
6,900 .
6,900
¦ 9,900
17,750
17.500..
¦ 12.070
4,730
i 6.000 "
5,830
7,000 .
10.000.
' 10.000
1O.OOO
.121-
102
115
*102
119
120
127
110
115
105
120
115
128
123
118
114
123
112
2:11 3-4 -
2:l9 1-2
1:12 1-4
"2:12
2:07 1-2
2:03 4-5
4-5
.2:07
2:07 2-5
2:0S 3-5
2:06 1-5
' 2:07 '4-5
I 2:07 -
2:07 1-5 :
2:0S 1-5
2:03 4-5
2:06 4-5
SiO5 2-5
SUBURBAN HANDICAP
AVINIVERS.
Tear. I HORSE. . Jockey.
Jockey.
HORSE.
Value.
Wt.
Time.
1554 General Monroe W. Donohtie ...':...":.
1555 Ponttae W. Olney ...'."....
1556 Troubadour W. Fitzpatrick..
1557 Eurus Davis .................
18SS Elkwood Martin ...............
1S89 Raceiand E. Garrison :
1890 Salvator '...: I. Murphy
1891 Loaruaka M. Bergin,...:
1592 Montana E. Garrison
1593 Lowlander . McDermott "..
1834 Ramapo F. Taral :..
3SS5 Lazzerone ' T./HamlHon
1836 Henry of Navarre H. Griffln
1S37 Ben Brush '. Sims . . .-. ..
1398 Tillo Clayton
1SS9 Imp Turner
1900 KInley Mac McGue
3OU1 {Alcedo Spencer
$4,945 \
5,800
5,700
6,065
6,800'
6,900 .
6,900
¦ 9,900
17,750
17.500..
¦ 12.070
4,730
i 6.000 "
5,830
7,000 .
10.000.
' 10.000
1O.OOO
.121-
102
115
*102
119
120
127
110
115
105
120
115
128
123
118
114
123
112
2:11 3-4 -
2:l9 1-2
1:12 1-4
"2:12
2:07 1-2
2:03 4-5
4-5
.2:07
2:07 2-5
2:0S 3-5
2:06 1-5
' 2:07 '4-5
I 2:07 -
2:07 1-5 :
2:0S 1-5
2:03 4-5
2:06 4-5
SiO5 2-5
i I II 1 I! ! Av^j
Electro-Vapor Launches |||
6p for Pleasiare or Business S
|^"^ light, but strong Racine launches, from 1 5 to 35 feet in length, Wm
||h capable of canying from 8 to 30 persons, or 1,000 to 4,000 lbs. §|
Speed from 6 to 10 miles an hour. IkF
W Just the thing for hunting, fishing, pleasure; business, carrying fW
pi mail, passengers, etc. So simply arranged and constructed anyone 9
P can run them. Motive power : electro- vapor ; requires : but small B
B space — no heat, smoke, soot, noise or grease. No engineer, pilot or I '
M government license necessary. A perfect boat, free from complica- I B
|4 dons and care. Absolutely safe and reliable. . Draws from 12 to M
29 inches of water and costs from #185.00 up. '. «
|y Send ioc in stamps for 80 page catalogue beautifully illustrated. fa
gl R.O"W Boats i° *11 an d most thoroughly constructed, ; H
t§ also catalogued — priced as low as 9 -
I BAKER ® H AM 1 1> T ON §
p^ San Francisco, Sacramento, Los Jingelcs and. York s Bl
pU Factory, Ecnicia, California ¦ ' ttla
TH I
;HvTHMiCURES^ I
¦¥ > . — " — r — ~Z — TT~ — T ° men have nervous debll- B_
' y and are weak - incompetent, ¦"
/=a^^^s^^33i~S*3Sy puny and embarrassed on account a
<fesS!^jra£i^^S»f«^*'*'» "T^S5l, of partial or complete loss of \-ital In
J^^^tS||££^^^S&ft?;*^l^=^ : power. Dr. Meyers & Co. extend a S
hefpitip hand. These successful M
f^^^^^^^^^iSii specialists are noted for makin,? W
\$£$&ZsZZ~Z?' <f— strong, robust and perfect men out El
ffi^&ttsffi?' *&Pt of physical wrecks, and for check- Kj
f*^2»S^^^' 3rfr the early syroPtoroa of Nervous *J
iw&SgM&s ' ¦ n Drw.' MEYERS & CO. have been 11
. •. established 20 years. They treat M
\SZSiSxvte'r ( 8 e>. ¦»„ '' '—^^c' diseases and weaknesses of jq
M^l 3 '-^ V All members of the staff are grad- gj *
AV> *$$} ' ' K uates from the best medical col- Bg
¦'-¦ .' ¦ >^L* \Sm(' * 1 X - V ¦ ¦ leges In the world and had exten-- 19
¦ " ¦^to^HSw 1 *" ¦ •^feSrSSsT slve experience in hospitals before rj
tnb$il'\ x-^Jn?KH!\>^vdfe c ¦ taking: up the important work of Pi
' Sr'\Vtyfi * ' /^ffllv'i^&i^ftWh' the specialists. Their remedies and fq
¦¦¦¦. ' /S, 'r < f^^M*&^^-n^^^¥^r ' methods are the best; they cure 12
\ l^S3£& and restore when others fail. &*
N^^J^S^S^'-^iw • If y° u have an Prnbarraastrs m
weakness or a contracted ailment, . m
J.. ; . place yourself in the hands of DR. Kj
\ fiw$n$W&£w MEYERS & CO. for speedy and M
V/ -^af'^m'I^K. permanent relief.
r^S^t—^^^^ PRIVATE BOOK FOR MEN FREE. |
v T "v : '-.- r -' .":T^ ¦ \ :¦' '. • ff 0 PAY TILL CURED. 1
| FREE GOFSSULTATION, |
731, Market St., San Francisco, Cal. I
TAKE ! || ' Houps-8 to 12 to 5 daily. %
ELEVATORS. - 1| ; Evenings T to 9. Sundays 9 to II. 1 1 ' ; 34 The r tiller, of a ¦ ship is different from a
tlller,o£ the soil.v^',.v ,: 7 ' _l_:l^I—^__
A man doesn't love a-woman enough un
less he loves her enough to hurt her feel
tatf once in awhile.^,:--- -.-i&
OAKLAND, June 15— Dr. J. M. Kane
has been appointed City Bacteriologist by
the Board of Health, to be under salary,
from July 1^ --- : -— ~-~ — "' *¦* ¦ -
Names a" Bacteriologist. ,M
¦ Several Inquests were held yesterday by
Coroner Leland and verdicts were re
turned In accordance with the facts. In
the case of Alfred H. Herzog, the' young
bookkeeper who was killed on. June 7, by
falling: off a -back porch In the rear of an
oyster house on Post street near Taylor,
the jury returned a verdict of accidental
death, and added: "The place ¦whence he
fell ought to have been uuarded by a
rail." - • ¦•- ¦ - : ;. ¦/ ;
In the case of Patrick Kendrigan." who
was killed by being struck by the * San
Jose train near- Colma, the jury: returned
a verdict exonerating the engineer and
flj-gJJJJ^U^ - ; " - ¦ - — -_^_^ - ' '
Coroner's Verdicts.
BOSTON, •* Mass., June : 15.— The * Earl Fruit
Company •- realized the - following '. prices ¦ from
sale of : California . fruit at auction: ;¦ Cherries—
Binds. $2 35<S>2 40; average. $2 38. . Peaches— Al
exanders, - boxes, $1@1 20; average. $1 05.V Plums
—Clymans,"; $1<S>1 45. . average r $1 J3 ; . Royal ¦¦ Ha
tlves, single crates, $130; Burbanks,' 75c. Apri
cots—Royals, $1 15®1 30, $123. Two
cars sold to-day. .* Favorable weather.
I CHICAGO. June IS.— The Earl; Fruit, Com
pany sold California ; fruit ; at auction " to-day
and the following prices were realized: Peaches
—Alexander," 60@60c, average . 65c. { Plums—Cly
man, * 60@65c, _ average*' 64c. ' Prunes— Tragedy,
$1@1 20," average^$1 13;». Burbank, single^crates,
average 85c, Weather favorable. , ,
. . PITTSBURG. June 15.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit : at auction to
day realized . the following prices: .Cherries—
Tartarians, boxes, $1 35; - Royal Anne, « boxes,'
$1 25®1 50."" average $1 40. • Peaches— Alexanders,
boxes, 60@70c, • average " 65c; ' single crates, 70@
75c, average' 73c. Apricots— Royals, $l@l 15,
average $1 03. Plums— Clymans. . single crates.
60(S75c. average 62c. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 B0@
1.60, average. :;$1 54. , Four cars sold- to-day.
Weather favorable. *¦ ., .' .; •",-•' ¦ - ' ¦'••¦
California Fruit Sales.
Charles A. BeWea (owner) with T. w.
Butcher (contractor), architect Clinton Day-
Temporary support of and cutting away pres
ent footings, construction of underpinning,
brick work In foundation walls on northerly
wall of building fronting on First etreet and
extending W ttl feet and easterly wall of
building fronting on Stever.son. S 40, W 167:6,
N 87:6. E 87:6. S 40. E 80: $1320.
Lizzie E Welty. wife of Amos (owner) with
White Brothers (contractors), architect R. H.
•White— Alterations and additions except plumb
ing, painting, electrical work, mantels and gas
fixtures for changing a 1%-story frame bu d
ing into a 2-etory and basement frame build
ing on E line of Central" avenue. 1C!:8% S of
Washington street, S 25 by E 118:5: $3700.
Claus Epreckris (owner) with Western Iron
Work* (contractors), architect Nathaniel JJlais
dell—Constructional eteel end castiron work for
a five-story and basement building on lot on
R line of Burti nwet, 127:6 E of Kearny. E
CHX S 1S7:«. W 34:4'i. N 25. W 34:4*. N 115:«;
*>)*" d Baldwin fowner) with Hannah Bros,
'contractors), architect E. J. Vogel— AH alter
ations and additions to a three-story building
on lot bn NE corner of Larkin and Lddy
streets.' 37:6 by 7:6; $3195.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary S. Sperry to Elsie L. Lezlnsky (wife of
Fred L.), lot on E line of Franklin street, 110
5 of Vallejo. S 27:6 by E 92:1014: HS00.
Samuel F. Sinclair to Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, lot on N line ol Filbert street,
166:8 E of Franklin. E 33:4. N 166. SW 39,
6 144: also lot on E line of Franklin street,
?0 N of Filbert, N 53, E 100, S 90. W 100, qultr
claim deed; $10.
Edward Morris and Tina Breslauer to Hattie
Label, lot on E line of Octavia street, 95 N
of Port. N 25 by E 82:6; $3000.
A. P. Hotaling & Co. (a. corporation) to Ed
ward and Mary L. Schumacher, lot on S line of
McAllister street, 137:6 E of Webster. E 26 by
g 337:6; 16000.
William D. Ladd to Christine and Pauline
Hart, lot on E line of Shrader street, 200 S
of Waller. S 25 by E 110; $5500.
Josephine Delmue to Annie L. Osborn, lot
on N line of Clay street. 165:6 B of Walnut,
E 3:8 by N 127:8%. quitclaim deed; $5.
Agnes Griffin to Nicholas Hansen. lot on W
line cf Potrero avenue, 85 S of Twenty-third.
S 25 by W 100; $2500.
Montgomery Street Real Estate Company to
Herbert E. Law, lot on NW line of Minna
street. 44* NE of Third. NB 23:6 by NW 80,
quitclaim deed; $1. ;- - _ -- -¦; V
John Breuner Co. (a corporation) to H. A.
llfiiefT lot on SE line of Stevenson street.
176-6 NE of Sixth. NE £0 by SE 70; HO.000.
Catherine Fosen to Osmond R. Fosen. lot on
6E line of Tehama. street, 73 SW of Fifth, SW
277 EE SO, NE- 25, NW 23. NE 2. NW 55, quit
claim deed: $10. jJjTm-Z ' ¦*"I r; ' « • **
A. S and Emma C. Baldwin to Mamie G.
Floud Vwife of John W. R.). lot on E line of
Third etreet. 377:6 S cf Deeth (California street
Fouth), S 25 by E 120; $1000.
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Charles S.
"Wheeler. lot on N llne«of Broadway, 155:2 E
of Franklin, E 30:3 by SI 137:6: J1S.500.
•RTlAT, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARBIVAXS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G H Rice, N Y ,
Mrs A Fox, Chicago
Mrs L Whims, Chicago
C R McCormlck. Portld
C D Porter, Denver
J B Porter. . Denver
J I> Danbe. Chicago
W A Brewer, 8 Mateo
Mrs C D Olney. Oakld
Mrs S M Jarvis, N Y
Miss Jarvis. N Y
C R Drake, Tucson
A O Wells, Los Ang
H E White. Los Ang
F A Jobnstone. Chicag
A Bodwell. Los Ang
H Hart. Los Ang ¦: •
T G Janney, Phlla .
S Bradbury & w, L An
A Levy & w, Mo
C S Welsh. N Y
Mrs K Barton. N Y
W S Collins, Ls Ang
C A Benedict & w. Mo
G Innes, N Y
D R Jaques &. w, N Y
M Frledlander. Cliicag
Mrs E -Veers. Hamburg
J Fisher, New Haven
Mrs W Flnkler, Phlla
Mrs R W Johnson. Cal
P H Rushton & w. Pa
J Bush, Philadelphia ¦
A Bush Jr. Phila
N H Bush. Phila
C A Heller. Phila S
Mrs Sherwood. Phila
K Ij McCune & w, O
G Babcock & w. Cal
S H Ellis & w. Oregon
C W Merrill & w. Pa
J M Blanks & w. Pa
J H Comstock & w.Wls
W S Keay & w. Cal
W C Campbell. Ariz
J B Blih. U S N ,
C H O'Brien, Cal
Mrs G B Hurbert. N T
P G Gow & w, Cal
C A Whiting* N Y
J A Limbach. Chicago
A F Stolger. St Louis
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss F M McKay. Cal
C G White, Del Monte
T L Btltt, U S N
B T Brltton, Menlo
E C Cary, Lodl
R T Nickerson, Bkrsfld
Mrs G D Worswick.CaI
H Gallagher, Chgo
G F Ditzier. Biggs'
G Innes, N T
H C Carroll & w. L A
J E Bradley & w. Salt
LaKe
D Adams. %* T
W Ikle. N Y
J W Melvln. Redding
S Heret & fam, Vallejo
Mrs E C Holeman, Col
T B Gibson, Sacto
C P Stacey, Chicago
H G Powers & w, Cal
W H Woodsworth & w,
St Louis
R Hark In son, Antioch
J G Bennett & w. Cal
T M Landrum, S Clara
Mrs C H Martin & son.
Des Moines, Iowa
Mrs M C Cushing, L A
J Schoder. Los Ang
A Jj Smith, . Auburn
F A Moses, Newark
F T Dusenberry, Cal
Misses -Smith, Cal
E C Cary, Lodl
T W Grifflji. Stockton
H M Stearns, N T
H D Lazelle. U S N
Mrs C P Lewis. Cal
Mrs J J ' MacGregor,
Ventura
W R Ormsby. Sacto
F F Sayre, Denver :
A E Green, Oakland
OH Stevens, Berkeley
J Loeb. Williams •
J S Craig, w & son.
Woodland I
Miss M Green, Woodld
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL.
C Salzman, Penn Grve
A Eagan, Denver
J Donohue. Arizona
W Gilbert, Gresno
C Baker, Oakland .
J Moncier, Sacto
G F Green. Sonora ,
M Worst & w. Honolu
I C Snakes. Michigan
W Steele, Boston
H F Moulton, Los Anr
G Reich, Denver
C B Graham, Denver
A R Moulton," Ohio
MIbsM Ricottl, Boston
S R Dempsey & w. Ill
J P Martin & daught.
New Hampshire
Mrs E E Winton. Cal
Miss Z C Winton, Cal
Miss C Winton. Cal
J R Egert & son, Cal
While in the hospital the insane woman
again attempted suicide by beating her
head against the iron bedstead In her cell.
Mr. Ringstorf said that for some . time
hia wife has appeared' to be out of sorts,
but. she cunningly concealed her design
of murder and suicide and . no suspicions
were entertained by the family as- to her
sanity. ~ - . <
The unfortunate woman was partially
quieted and induced to go back to bed.
Her husband took up his watch at her
side to wait for the morning.. As soon as
the patient thought herself safe from de
tection she took a steel hatpin from where
she had secreted- it in the bed and' was
trying. to thrust It into her heart when her
husband detected her purpose and took
the pin from/her. . -
This morning Ringstorf sent to the
Sheriff's office and called in help to have
her removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Ringstorf ; was examined by Drs.
Knox.and Buteau and recommended for
commitment- to an asylum.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 15- j
Awakened from "his, sleep last night fey
the clutch of choking hands at his throat,
A. Ringstorf of Seminary Park # sprang
from bed to battle for his life. The noise
of the struggle brought other inmates of
the house to the scene with lights, .and
Ringstorf found to Tils horror that his
assailant," now.' laughing, madly, was* his
wife. . ¦ ¦ , ¦ . * .
Insane Wife Attempts
to Kill Husband as
He Sleeps:
FIGHTS IN DARK
AGAINST MANIAC
CALITORNTAUS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 15.— The following
Californfans are in New Tork: From San
Francisco — B. B. Brewer, at the Astor; A.
C. Hawks, at the Morton; J. G. Leven
pohn, L. A. Levensohn, Miss A. Mclntosh,
at the Grand friion; L. B. McMurtrie. at
the Herald Square; J. H. Morse and wife,
at the Holland; Miss W. Mullen, at the
Grand Union; A. J. Stemler, at the Hoff
man; H. C. Stratton. at the Herald
Square: Mrs. G. R. Willcutt. at the Man
hattan; W. Holden, at the Imperial; B.
Mauzy and wife, at the Grand Union: C.
Sherman, at the Herald Square. From
Los Angeles— R. E. Naf tzger, A H. Naftz
! per, at the Navarre. From San Jose— H.
JC. Shead, at the Navarre.
TOMALES' SPLENDID NEW.
CHURCH AND SOME OF ITS
\ ARTISTIC FEATURES. ,-\ l - j/,
In his estimates of the expense of run
ning his department. Chief Hodgklns for
the coming fiscal year so figured the co^t
that it wili not be more than $2000 above
the ordinary expenses of the department,
though the ten extra policemen's salaries
will be $10,000 for the year.
"The annexed districts are entitled to
bet*er police protection than they have
been getting," said Commissioner , John
son, "and we intend to give it to them as
so»n as the City Council authorizes us to
make additions. We think that ten men
will be enough for. the present. ) Chief
Hodgklns made the - statement in the
estimate of expenses of his department
for the next fiscal year that that number
of officers and two more detectives would
be needed. We. have already provided fire
protection to the annexed by
equipping two fire engines ' and manning
them with nineteen men, and now when
the people get the additional . police they
will have all they have demanded of us."
Examinations for the eligible list will be
helcnext Tuesday morning in the City
Council chamber. There are about fifty
ai plicants for places. They must be be
tv.-cen 25 and 35 years of age, at least five
feet seven inches high and not less than
150 pounds In weight. The time for filing
applications, expires Monday.
The following 1 named are some of . the
applicants: *
Leo Fuchs, 1313 Fifth avenue; James H.
Walters, 1315 Sixth avenue; Bert Brown,
Seventh and Washington * streets ; Robert
Forgie, County Recorder's office; ,W., F.
HowJt-tt; S.- H. Short, 72 San Pablo ave
nue:. Joseph M. Hawley, 1507 ¦ Seventh
street; Joseph F. Sullivan; W. H. Smith,
541 Fortieth street; James D. - Mulgrew,
51S Tenth street; George . Leo ' Doolan;
Charles H. Bock, 316 Sixth street;. George
\V Brown; Anthony J. Lynch; August F.
/Anderson; James. T. Drew. , . ..
Ten more men will be added to the Oak
land police force by the Board of Police
ar.d Fire Commissioners if the City Coun
cil will act favorably upon the recom
mendation of the board that they are
necessary for the proper protection of the
city. There is a strong probability that
the Council will authorize the increase, as
the members of that. body have been in
dividually impressed with the necessity
of it. » . -
1118 Broadway, June 15.
TEN MORE MEN
FOR THE FORCE
Policemen to Be Named
When Council Gives .
Authority.
. ?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
The church has the further distinction
of being the first stone structure to be"
erected by the Catholic people in this
archdiocese. It Is built entirely of Marin
County blue stone, in . rough blocks as
they came from the quarries, with buff
colored sandstone trimmings. It has cost
about $20,000. t ' -
The roof is covered with Vermont red
slate. A graceful campanile marks the
corner -of the church and a flight of stone
steps twenty feet in width, rising from
the street to a covered vestibule, forms
the very effective approach to the edifice.
Gables pierced by large rose windows
form the transept wings and sanctuary
space and serve as ornamentation to- the
front of the church. £
THE dedication of. the new Church
of the Assumption at Tomales
this morning will give Rev. Father
John Rogers' parish in that town
* the most beautiful house of wor
ship in California, although other Catho
lic churches may be more imposing and
more expensive. The little Tomales
church boasts no cathedraMike grandeur,
but for artistic completeness and richness
in detail it is superior to any other edifice
in the State.
The church will be dedicated this morn
ing by Archbishop Riordan, the elaborate
services beginning about 11 o'clock. Rev.
James McDonald, j pastor of St. Charles-
Borromeo parish, will preach the sermon.
Many Catholics of San Francisco will wit
ness the dedication. " . .
Four stained glass windows, made in
Munich, are masterpieces. Each presents
a perfect story in picture. They have no
superiors in any church in California. ¦
The entire wall surface of the interior,
is faced with stone in the style known
as broken ashler.^. The ¦•• black- cement
pointings form a pleasing contrast against
the soft buff of the stone. Wood is en
tirely eliminated from the/ interior finish.
The sanctuary has a vaulted roof of the.
same buff stone that lines the interior
¦walls, ar^d its three altars are of marble."
The high altar Is approached by steps
and platform of marble. It Is valued at
$1500. The side altars were made in Car
rara, Italy, of the exquisite marble which
has made those quarries famous. They
are beautiful pieces of marble decorative
work. The altar rail is of California onyx
and Italian marble.
Bronze and i ¦ silver-plated sanctuary
gates are set .In the center of. the altar
railing, while the silver sanctuary lamp,
tabernacle door and altar candelabra give
rich setting to the sanctuary. ".*
OAKL,A>TD. June 15.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club programme for the monthly
gentlemen's night, which Is scheduled for
Friday, June 21, consists of three glove
¦contests between men who have won
' much local fame in the ring.
The principal event ¦will be a 15-round
bout between Tom Herman and George
Baker at 125 pounds. A few months ago
these men met before the Reliance Club
In a similar contest. In which Baker was
•declared the winner. Ever since that
event Herman has been seeking a return
match, believing that with his increased
ability in the boxing line he would be able
to defeat his shifty opponent. Baker has
nt last agreed to a return match and it
"has aroused considerable Interest.
The second event will be a ten-round go
between Jack Capeless of the Reliance
Club and George Curran of the San Fran
. Cisco Athletic Club. Both are well known
locally as aggressive boxers, who always
put up a good contest. They will meet at
122 pounds.
The opening event will be a ten-round
bout between Louie Long of the Reliance
and George Murphy of the Bay City Club.
BOXING PROGRAMME
FOR RELIANCE CLUB
Hettirn "Watch. Between George Baker
and Tom Herman Is on the
Card.
D. S. TVeaver, who holds a judgment
claim against the city for $2s:G, together
v-ith 510S costs of suit, filed with the Audi
tor 5'esterday through counsel a protest
against paying interest on the teachers'
back claims and not on others. The judg
ment, with interest at 5 per cent per an
num, with costs accrued, now amounts lo
53«16. The protest, which will cause ad
citlonal complications in the disposition
oz the surplus fund, follows:
That interest on t-uch Judgments is a. matter
¦ of right and as much a part of ihe debt as
the principal has been determined by oar
Superior Court in many cases.
You will further take notice that any dis
crimination In allowing interest on
claims In favor of some individuals and dis
ellowln^ interest in favor or others payable
out of any surplus fund under the late con
stitutional amendment No. IS is unjust, ille
gal and denying persons within the juiisdlc
tloa of the State equal protection of the laws.
Concerning the payment of interest,
Auditor Weils is of the opinion that the
Supervisors have acted illegally in dis
criminating: by making provision to pay
interest to teachers and not to the mer
chant creditors. Complications will un
doubtedly axise and the only way that
trouble may be averted is for the board
to rescind that portion of. the budget ap
propriating SiH.OOO to pay interest on
teachers' claims, or else make provision
to pay interest on all back claims, the
Auditor says.
The finance committee of the Board of
Supervisors held a conference with the
Mayor and Auditor and it was decided
that the Park Commission and Board of
Education will be called upon to contri
bute their quota of any balances remain
ing in their respective funds to pay the
judgment claims held against the city.
The two boards named have benefited to
a. material extent by the increased assess
ment roll, which resulted in a surplus
• fund of more than half a. million dollars.
Under the charter the balances remaining
¦with funds of the two boards at the end
of the fiscal year are not transferred to
the surplus fund, but are carried over In
The park and school funds to be expended
next year. The School Department will
have a surplus of about $25,000 and the
park fund a balance of several thousand
dollars. If arrangements can be made.
.these funds will be drawn upon to pav
T>art of the Judgment claims held by the
¦ First Xational Bank and J. W. Mackay,
¦who threaten to tie u:) the surplus funds
if the claims are not paid. The Auditor
' advises the Board of Supervisors to pass
a. resolution directing him to adjust the
funds so that the School Board and Park
Commission will pay back a portion to
the city before they are carried over into
next year's accounts, and they will then
become a part of the surplus fund, which
¦will pay all outstanding- indebtedness.
The Mayor directed Kxpert Williams
to have a resolution prepared, by the
finance committee asking the City Attor
ney's advice concerning: the status of the
judgment claims of the First Xational
Bank and J. W. Mackay.
Park and School Funds Will
Help Pay Judgment
Claims.
* *
City's Creditor Opposes
.•' Discrimination for"
Teachers.
INTEREST WILL
CAUSE TROUBLE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' . 111S Broadway, June \o.
The butoliers' strike in Oakland, was en
livened i<-day by the reported defection
from the union of John Crosby, the or
ganization's vice president and one of the
leaders la the meat cutters', fight for rec
ognition of their trade organization.
Crosby's failure to walk out with other
union employes at Robert Vincent's mar
ket this noon, when Vincent took down
the union card, was the cause of the ex- |
citement among the union strikers. But -
it subsided when Crosby, an hour or so
later, joined his fellow unionists in their I
walkout. *' . • !
The trouble at Vincent's shop was due |
to the demand of the wholesalers' com- I
mittee that Vincent should surrender -his !
union card, which he hung up yesterday.
Vincent. In common with every other re
tail butcher in Oakland, Alameda and -
Berkeley, was notified that the union card
must come down, otherwise no meat
would be sold to them for thirty days.
Vincent had started as a union snop
yesterday and had secured a supply of
meat through the efforts of the union
skirmishers. But when the demand was
made, fearing that he would be unable to
Ket enough beef outside, Vincent with- .
drew the card and the union workmen, !
who had returned to their meat blocks, I
immediately withdrew.
Crosby Seeks Arbitration.
- Crosby lingered behind long enough to
explain that he had desired the union to
adopt a plan of arbitration involving the
acceptance of the Western Meat Com-!
pany's offer to accede to all of the de
mands of the union except that of dis
playing the union card.
Crosby also proposed that the union put
back men in all shops that would patron
ize the Western Meat Company solely, so
that a fight could thus be kept up for
awhile against the stockyards slaugh
terers. Then, if that failed, the reverse
order was to be tried. But these Dlans,
as well as that of arbitration with the
Western Meat Company, were not deemed
.feasible at this stage of the fight.
The wholesalers' action in notifying re
tailers that their supply of meat will be
cut eff if the union card is held forces
upon the union men the duty of finding
beef for the shops that still display the
union card. The journeymen say they
can do this, and the wholesalers are as
positive that there is not enough available
beef to be had independently of their
sources.
Reply to Frohman's Statement.
Tliis stand of the wholesalers has led to
the calling of a meeting by the retailers j
of San Francisco and Oakland, which will !
be held to-morrow in San Francisco. Their .
action will be awaited "with interest, as
upon it hinges in large measure an im- I
portant phase of the strike. |
The press committee of the Alameda
County Federated Trades has given out a
statement in reply to 'Attorney Isaac
Frohman, representing the wholesalers, j
The statement charges the wholesalers
with having precipitated the strike. It
concludes:
The wholesalers do not want their establish
ments unionized and have attempted by. des
potic methods to intimidate the retailers into
complaisance with their demands. They are
fighting organized labor over the backs of the
retail dealers and incidentally trying to throttle
the public through its stomach, meanwhile in
dustrially beating the "union card" tom-tom
in an effort to make it seem that the fight
rages solely around that issue.
In conclusion we appeal to the public to Judge
which is the more dangerous trust, one com
posed of the organized mechanics, artisans and
tellers of the land, from the sweat of whose
faces capitalists like Miller it Lux and all
other wholesalers accumulate their wealth, ex
ist and have their being, or a trust composed
o* a. few land barons and cattle kings, who by
reason of the special privileges they enjoy as
"owners" of vast cattle ranges are in a posi
tion to shut off the suply of meat or be the
absolute dictators of the price which the pub
lic shall pay therefor.
We have no hired attorneys to plead our
cause and need none. We believe the general
public can see as far through a millstone as
the active trade-unionists and appeal to it to
give preference to union shops now and in the
future, no matter what the outcome of the
present disagreement may be, and to remember
those retailers who have had the courage and
manhood to resist the imperious demands of the
cattle trust. Respectfully submitted,
P. B. PREBLE,
\ . J. M. LYONS,
Press Committee Alameda County Federated
Trades.
The Meat Cutters' Union claims that the
wholesale committee's action in carrying
oft the union cards that were surrendered
to them to-day is cause for Criminal
prosecution, the union declaring- that own
ership of the cards is vested in the or
ganization.
Irving C. Lewis, of Grayson, Owen &
Co., said to-night: "Out of twenty-seven
retail shops visited to-day by our com
mittee twenty-five withdrew the union
cards. The strike will be a thing of the
past in a few days." >
"Wholesalers Make a Demand j
for Withdrawal of th'e
Cards.
Vice President Decides
to. Continue- as .a.
Striker. .
CROSBY STAYS
BY THE UNION
Church of the Assumption^ Built- Entirely; of Stone by the
-Parishioners of Rev; ¦ Father John Rogers-Said to Be
- • the Most Beautiful House of; Worship in the State
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN TO DEDICATE
NEW SACRED EDIFICE AT TOMALES
ALAMEDA LOCAL
GOES OFF TRACK
Accident Due to Defec
\ tive or Misplaced
I Switch.
Three Carloads of Passengers
Scared, but None Are
Hurt.
. — : — » - '- . / '¦ •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,"
1118 Broadway, June 15.
The Alameda local train which left
Park-street station to-night at 10:05
o'clock jumped the. track on the Oakland
side of Harrison-street bridge fifteen min
utes later. The- accident was due. the
railroad men believe, to a misplaced or
defective switch that operates the tracks
on the north side of the bridge. The
train was thrown from the track that it
should have taken to run .down • First
street to the pier, and was ; headed- up
the Webster-street broad gauge into Oak
land before the switch tower operator at
the foot. of -Alice street could handle the
derailing switch that threw the engine
•and baggage car off the tracks. •
The train* was composed of engine 1218,
in charge of Engineer W. M. Thompson
and Fireman William Gallatin, a smoker,
baggage car and' two passenger coaches.
Dan Murphy was conductor. «
Thompson said he got a signal to cross
the bridge and -saw nothing out of the
way until he struck the switch at the
Oakland side; then" his engine, instead
of running down on'the right-hand track
into First street, started for the Webster
street side and was derailed about 100 feet
from the First and Webster-street cross
ing. 'The engine and .baggage car were
thrown off the tracks before the train
was brought to a standstill. The run was
on a down grade, "the embankment form
ing- the bed for the tracks, it. being a.
gradually filled rise from First street to
the drawbridge.
'The cars were well filled with passen
gers, but none were hurt.~ The jolting
over the^ ties shook up . those in the
smoker.- - . .
The 'accident blocked the tracks for the
night, preventing the operation of trains
on the Webster-street line to Alameda
pier. Both the 10:45 and the 11:45 trains
from Fourteenth street to' the city were
'abandoned for the night. " The. passen
gers on the ditched local were sent on
their interrupted journey by a special
train that was backed up to First and
Webster streets.
THREE SHARPERS
STILL IN JAIL
No ; New .Developments
in tHe Stock Bunko
Albert AJ Snyder, Is Taken
. Into Custody but Proves .
• His Innocence.
No startling development occurred yes
terday in the case of the three Eastern
sharpers who were arrested .Friday for
attempting to 'swindle local stockbrokers
by means of pn alleged mining stock
deal, which was so successfully worked in
Chicago and other, cities.
- Detectives Tom Gibson, Ryan and-Dll
lon succeeded yesterday In locating the
fourth man. who went to the office of WV
B. Ames. 640 Market street. Thursday and
represented himself as an agent for Den
ver capitalists who wanted to. purchase
the 60,000 shares in the Ward Consolidated
Gold Mining Company, and offered 10
cents per share for the same. He is Al
bert A. Snyder. canvassing manager for
the Syndicate Company, 5 Market street.
and • was found .-at his rooms, 32S Eddy
street. He was brought to police nead
quarters, and his explanation to Captain
Seymour was that he had known Charles'
Gordon as.C. 3. Stickney In Portland, and
that he had engaged Gordon in March
last as a canvasser, giving him this dis
trict, as- he was a smooth talker. Gordon
had told him that he was interested in a
mining deal, ani asked him as a favor to
S9 to Ames* office and "make the offer of
10' cents per share on" behalf of Denver
capitalists, as he was anxious to -get
Ames to close the deal. That was all he
knew about it. His employer called upon
Captain Seymour and gave - him a good
character. The captain is Inclined to be
lieve that Snyder is telling the truth, and
that his only fault was in allowing him
self to be duped by Gordon. He was ac
cordingly released from custody.
H. Schumacher of Schumacher & Co..
jewelers and silversmiths. 621 -Market
street, identified H. C. Crosby in the City
Prison yesterday as a man who tried a
mining deal "graft" unsuccessfully upon
him about two weeks ago. Crosby denies
that he Is an Eastern man. He says he>
belongs to this city, but declines to give
the names of his relatives, as. he says he
wants to save them from the disgrace of
his arrest.
Gordon, who is known in criminal circles
in the East as Frank M. Fegenbush. Is
one of the cleverest confidence operators
in the country. He was arrested in Den
ver in 1S93 for swindling a broker there,
and was arrested recently in Chicago for
swindling Warren Springer out of $SiHJO and
Mrs. Laura G. Fixen out of $4000 by the
worthless mining stock deal. ¦ He was re
leased on bonds and absconded. .Captain
Seymour wired to Chicago for instruc
tions.
Goethe-Schiller Monument.
The work on the Goethe-Schiller monu
ment, which is being erected by the Ger
man-American citizens of California near
the tea garden in Golden Gate Park, ia
progressing so rapidly that the .unveiling
is likely, to take place during the last
week of July. On the evening preceding
the day of the ceremony an appropriate
festival will take place in one of the large
halls of this city, and the arrangements
for the same and for the unveilng cere
mony are in the hands* of a committee
composed of the following named: Charles
Bundschu, M. Greenblatt. Professor Al
bln F. C. Siefce. M. Kollmann, Cesar
Bertheau, M. Bergheim. Dr. Max Rlchter.
F. W. Dohrmann, I." Gutte, Gustav
Gutsch, Joseph Brandensteln, Dr. F. C.
Castelhun, Henry Epstein. Dr. Max Mag
nus, I... G. Rose. J. GT B. Broemmel. Rob
ert Capelle. John L. Koster, E. C. Priber
and John H. Stovers. ">*•?¦¦<' VvS
State Parlor of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West during the ensuing term
are: ! .
Miss S. "Wedel. P. ; Miss M. Smith. Mrs. D.
Woredale and Miss H. Renche, V. Ps.: Miss
Millie Tietjen, R. &: Mrs. B. Denahay. F. S.;
Miss L. Uhlig. T.; Miss M. Ducker, M.: Miss
A Sturken, I. S. ; Miss J. Meyer. O. S. ; Misses
F* von Staden and P. Buhr. ¦ trustees : Miss L.
Fahrenkrug, organist; Dr. E. S. . Merrttt. phy
s'lcian. f. -v ! .* -?'.'.¦-•'•.: - .
The following named have been chosen
as the. officers for Bay City Lodge of the
Knights of. Pythias for the ensuing term:
Nathan Manasse, C. C. : Solomon Schwartz.
V. C. ; H. WV Cousins. P.; Isadore Steinhardt,
M. at A.; Charles E. Morris, K. of R. and S.;
A. H Kasper, M. of E. ; Loute Scheib, M.
of F. : Rudolph Rosenberg, I. G. ; D. Hart. O.
G. ; F. * Schlessinger. M. of W.: Jacob Sals.
George H Davis and M. J. Sahlln. trustees. '
Fraternal Elections..
v Hesperian : Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden .West has' elected, the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term:
W.- D. Mollen, P.: Herbert Zecher, George
Y. Zett and Dr. R. J. Dowdall. V. Ps.; J..H.
Rocburgh. R. S. ; George P. Thtller, F. S. ;
H. T. Shepston. T.; Conrad Scheel. M.;'W.
Y. Speckman. trustee: Drs. W. B. Coffey, J.
D. Maher. H. A: Andrews, R. T. Legge and
R. J. ¦ Dowdall, , surgeons. -. '~J::',,
San Francisco Tent of the Maccabees
has elected the following' officers: ..;-"•.
John H. Sampson, commander: Frank Samp
son, lieutenant commander: H. H. Castle, rec
ord • keeper (re-elected) ; Theo Frolich, finance
keeper (re-elected); E. W. Jackson, chaplain:
Dr. J. L. Manson, physician (re-elected); Paul
Vincilllone, sergeant; Clarence Erickson, mas
ter at. arms; Charles - Ll 'Blair.' first and L.
Girard. second master of the guards; H. Ger
mendez, sentinel; W. B.^ Greenberg. picket
(re-elected) : Propertyman Barnett. Musician
Kruger and Scribe Leroi were re-elected . for
the term. W. W. Thompson will become the
past commander. -
; Arapahoe Tribe of the Improved Order
of Red Men has elected the following
chiefs: , .">;/ , ?--;-,
W. D. Ohlandt, sachem; Thomas- R. Lau
back, senior sagamore; P. A. Clifford, Junior
sagamore : H. Walker, chief of records (re
elected) ; R. — E. Cole, keeper ol wampum (re
elected), -and Jacob Fowzer, trustee (re
elected). ¦ ._ ..
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George has elected and. installed the fol
lowing officers for the current term:. , . • .
R. Hewitt. W. P.; E. Goss, W. V. P.; Ruth
Meadows. W. F. S. ; Miss F. Beaurord. W.-F.
S • G. Muhlner. W. T.; F. Norrington, W CfT;
J. Beauford, W. F. C. ; R- Lund, "W. S. C. ;
M. Wiley, W. I. G. ; M. A. Corder. W. O. G.
A. Price becomes the W. P. P.
The following- named have been chosen
as officers for the next term by "Washing
ton" Circle of the Companions of the For
est:
Mrs * R. Lee. C. C ; Miss *May Falconer, S.
G C: Mrs. M. Asher. T.; John Falcofxer. F.
S.;-Mrs. S. Elkeles. R. G.; Mrs. A. M. Phil
lips L. G. ; Mrs. M. A. Dart, I. G. ; Mrs. P.
Collins, O. G. ; Miss Daisie Falconer, O.; Mrs.
K. J. Woods, deputy. Mrs. W. J. Trengove
becomes the: past chief companion.
The officers who are ' to . rule Golden
25
THE FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, J"UNE 16, ; 1901.
Jjyapicocele Makes a
¦ Coward of a Man.
¦ •<• ) ¦ -¦ - . .--. •¦ - - ¦¦-•¦.'-'• -'¦"
¦ a It saps the very essence of courage, from
¦ *; his ; vitals and ¦ leaves " him weak, aged and
2 discouraged. . •; : .'.. ¦¦¦.¦¦¦
™ The drain; of .vitality.- due .to a weak di-
¦ gestion, weak kidneys. * rheumatism. • nerv-
B ous debility : and /.those .-.. failings which
ra arise from excessive disregard ; of the laws
sj of nature, is 'almost, as bad. ,» "',.-":¦ ¦
™ No real happiness can come to a man who
B suffers like this.. '• , =« •
¦ Dr. McLauchlin's Electric Belt is a per-
m '¦ manent-cure for him. ' -';";: vr.' ; .
¦ "After year* of gnfferlng from
¦^ Vartcocole and'; Weakness, ;; and
¦" trials of many other ' remedies,
¦ Dr. Mcliaugrhlln's Electric Belt
"" - cured .me ln~ nix weeks."— Loni»
J| • Foscallna,'. MokJHIll, ;Cal. . ~ - ; T"
¦ You : wear It while > you sleep.' *- It Infuses
S a flowing; warmth, /^ it washes : out the
* clogged varicose ; veins,' restores ¦ new blood,
H and • renews •» healthy.: circulation.", •- It \ cures
¦ - the worst cases . of . VartcCcele in ; three
¦ ' months. -,.v !.'•-. ¦-.¦- v : -. ..;.
S Have you got Varicocele? ;Read my book.
¦ Ylt describes the trouble^ and will tell you IT
¦ / : ,you.liave^H. . ' -.; :\ .. i r s {_ ,; .¦• ' -"- v : : v '
¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Blllllll
cure; In', every*, town -in t the
State; -not a hamlet 'of. fifty people but has
one ' . cured by . Dr. > McLaughlin's , Electric
Belt.'' >I3- that proof ?•. V ;"'. .
j, ; '*Yonr Belt in a sore remedy for
Varicocele nn«l back" pains."—
Henry, Bray ton, Point Arena, Cal.
«. In fa" few days -after you .' begin . wearing
the Dr. McLaughlin Belt you will feel, new
life and f spirit In your nerves, ; everything
will look brighter to you, , and you ¦will be
full - of . ambition. . Your ' neighbors say It
cured them, 'why should It not cure you?
' You are unjust 'to ' yourself, ,. to . your
friends and those who look to you for. their
future happiness if you allow . this trouble
to drain your life away., Cure it, now. ... ¦»•'.¦
:U"My /Varicocele , I" cured,'and I
feel, better, and- stronger than I
hare tor; years. "^—C. A. Behrem,
Gracy, Cal. ,
¦• Have you got It? If so be cured at once.
r>r. McLaughlin's Electric Belt is a guar-
anteed cure. It has BOOO cures of Varico-
cele. -.; - '¦ „ - - : . ¦ ¦
f "Nine cases out of ten of early decay In
• men are caused by Varicocele.
Pi It drags the nerve out of a man quicker
than consumption. It does not destroy life.
but it destroys all that life Is worth living
: for. ,- ¦ ¦ . -. . ¦ ¦'.:-¦' .'• :¦¦ .•¦ . •¦
. I take other belts in trade, to provs ho»
.much better mine is. ¦ Call or "write to-day
and inclose this ad. - . . ¦ . - ; . .-
DR: ¦¦!. ;# MctAUfiBLIN,
• 7C2 Market; st. cor. aeary/ San Francisco. .
-Of flee. Hours, -8 a.;m.\to 8:30 p.* m." . Sun- '
"days. 10 to 1. ¦ Los Angeles office.; 131 ?W.j
2d at."- Seattle.' 105 Columbia' st. ¦'¦; ' • ' .
.- ¦¦¦ . - -"' • . .¦--*¦. ¦¦ • • .:..-•* :-¦¦'•
. "Cured .my - back . and constipa-
tion."— J. A. SUCoy, Presidio,' Cal.
It cannot, wilt* not fail If you. try- it.
Don't hesitate.' It is absolutely guaranteed
and no man Is asked ' to pay for a cure if
he don't' get. it. .Pay for what you get. -
That's' a better plan than doctoring and
paying out, two or. three dollars a week as'
long as you live. : .
Come and see me. or if you . can't, send
for the - book.'- sealed, « free on request." It
explains! the trouble fully. - ¦- .: .
I am . the inventor of the Cushion Elec-
trode, .which prevents burning from ' the
current. All other belts burn and blister
If they give - any current at all.
• l *lt cured "me."— E. G. Chamber-
lain, Col / "Vallejo street, Sam ,
Francisco. • '
"Cured; me* of Rheumatism."—
J. D. Benham, Long Reach, Cal.CAMP MEEKER— The following people
registered at Camp Meeker during the
past week: From San Francisco — W. T.
Thompson and family. Douglas Gibson,
Davis B. Gray. Miss Fannie C. Gray, Mr.
and Mrs. W. E. Stevens, Mrs. H. G. Clark
and son, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Wellman,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Hadenfeldt, Mrs. R. R.
Harmon, Miss Alice Harmon. Miss Mabel
Harmon, Mrs. O. C. Linns, Mrs. E. Linns,
G. W. Boyd. Mrs. J. K. Mehrtens and
family. Miss Julia* Mehrtens. Miss Fer
guson. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hewitt, Miss
Emma Onyon, Charles .W. Hewitt, Mrs.
C. H. Hewitt, Mrs. A- C. Perkins, Miss
Perkins, Miss Mabel Perkins, Miss Ethel
Perkins. Mrs. A. B. Bartlett, Mrs. George
Lezlnsky. Miss Ethel Cox, Mrs. John
Jay Scoville, Miss Grace S. Scoville,
Eloise N. Scoville. Mrs. M. F. McKenna,
Rodger McKenna. Charles E. DIbert,
Miss H. Hanna Twomey, Mrs. George
Brown. Minnie McKenna, Hattie Twomey,
James K. Swift, Mrs. James F. Swift,
Howard Swift. Irving Swift. Washington
C. Marlon, Mrs. Washington C. Marlon,
Inez Marion, Mrs. M. Roethe, Mrs. E.
Roethe, Miss M. Roethe. E. Roethe; from
Berkeley— Mrs. F. A- Smith. Miss Flor
encs G. Smith, Miss Edna Grunnell, Pro
fessor Waterman, Mrs. M. M. Bucknay;
from Alameda— Mrs. F. A. Koelitz, Mr.
and Mrs. F. H. llahn and daughter. Miss
On Wednesday evening. June 5. at D
o'clock, at the home of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Ross, 923
Geary street. Miss Edna May be
came the wife of Robert Edward Ham
mond, the Rev. Dr. Day officiating. The
bride Is an estimable young lady and a
popular member of California Circle,
Women of Woodcraft, having been its
secretary for the past two years. Mr.
Hammond, the groom, is the cashier of
Heald's Business College. He has a host
of friends, having been for years a prom
inent member of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association. The young couple were
the recipients of many valuable and hand-
Bome presents, among which was an ele
gant jeweled clock from the faculty of
Heald's Business College, also a hand
pome solid silver service as a testimonial
of the esteem in which the bride is held
by the members of California Circle,
Women of Woodcraft. Mr. and Mrs.
Hammond have left for Monterey County,
and on their return they will take up
their summer residence at Ross Valley.
'1 hey intend to return to the city on the
1st of September and resume their resi
dence at 923 -Geary Btret. where they will
be pleased to receive their friends.
The Nullusnomen Social Club gave its
first Invitationil dance at Mission Native
Sons' Hall on Wednesday evening. May
29. Among those present were: Kittle.
Brown. Ida Hansen, Lena Hansen, Maude
SchendeU Carrie Dinsmore. Maude
Helms. Alice Helms. Jennie Fleming.
Annie Fleming. Miss Higgins. Myrtle
Prior, Margaret Garrett, Frances Pig
ress. Dolly Peterson. Mrs. Campbell. Eva
Engleworth. Dr. Hewitt. William Lippert,
Theo Krohn. Mr. Rice. Albert Boyle.
James Garrett. Lennle McEvoy, George
Eastman. Charles Leibscher, Alec Mc-
George, Claire Hunter, Mr. Murray, Mr.
Cravath, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Sinclair, Mr.
Higgins, M. Coonley. Mr. Ingrlm and Mr.
Campbell.
The Heart Breakers tendered an enter
tainment to their many friends Saturday
evening, June S. which was followed by
an elaborate banquet. Special among the
pleasant features of the evening were
George Sylvester, in his inimitable "Back
Talk"; Charles Eggers and Edward
Grant, in "A Seltzer Water Chase," and
Edward Grant, In "An Epileptic Fit." At
midnight the 200 invited guests partook
of an elaborate supper, after which danc
ing was continued until early morning.
Mrs. Frank Siiner and daughter are go
ing to Santa Cruz for the summer and
will stop at the Sea Beach Hotel.
Mrs. B. Hevmanson, accompanied by
her daughter" and son. of Salt Lake is
visiting her mother, Mrs. M. Shawl, at
S06Vi Geary street-
Edward C. Boysen, Miss Mynne Boysen
and Chester \V. Rosekrans are guests of
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Boysen, Yosemite
Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bien and Mr. and
Mrs. Simon Bley are residing at 1S15 Brod
erlck street, near California.
At the country homes and at the va
rious resorts cayety has ruled supreme,
and the. outlook Is for a season of unin
terrupted pleasure.
given in honor of Miss Mary
Scott came from, their out-of-town resi
dences to attend. Miss Dillon's luncheon
also brought a limited few to the city.
.KrPF have been a number of
r"~^ . -^ charming affairs during the
/i I past week that have lured th>
[I I swell set back. to town for a
\V-Ly brief stay. -Most of Mr. Green-
' way's guests at the • dinner
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Gilroy Hot Springs
during the past week: W. H. Cameron,
Charles Goetjen. J. R. Preda. Thomas J.
Meagher, B. S. Levy. T. F. Auger. T. R.
Canfield, Miss Emma Williams, Miss F.
W. Schroefier, S. James Manning. Mr. and
Mrs. James Christsen, Peter Mahoney,
Miss Elizabeth Doran. Miss Perry:Beck
man, James R, Houghton, Mrs. Annette
Peterson, ! Miss Augusta Peterson, San
Francisco: Miss E. Kelly, F. T. Goodrich,
Mrs. E. W. Jones, B. F. Hooper, B. J.
Ryan, A. P. Chapln. Oakland; H. R.
Cross, Will F. Owens, Rochester; N. Y.;
T. J. Cards well. ! Buffalo; Miss . R. C.
Dougherty, Colorado; Henry E. Rodgers,
Fresno: F. J. Hackett, Miss R. Sheldon,
Santa Cruz;«F. B. Anderson, Frank Ber
ry. Henry Bair. H. A. Thomas, Manuel
Higuero. Watsonville: Dr. C. M. Barker
and wife, Samuel T. Stratton, C. C.
Farnsworth, F. F. Jackson and son, O.
E. Brown, Miss- P. R. Stevens, ' L. H.
.Hartman, San Jose; " James E. Kannely
and wife, C. L. Keffler.T. J. Fisher, B.
F. Nelson, M. R. Crysler, F. B. Phelps,
VICHY SPRINGS— The arrivals at
Vichy Springs during the past week in
clude Miss Sutro. Mrs. W. H. O'Brien.
Miss H. Porter, H. Haman, P. H. Mass
and wife, Dr. and Mrs. A. Eichlu. L. F.
Vann and wife, T. Michaels, S. Lanter,
B. B. Galland, H. Morris and wife. Mr.
and Mrs. Dusenbery, J. A. Cooper and
wife. Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss M. Salis
bury, Miss L. King, Miss McNeary, Miss
Bode, Mr. and Mrs. Padko and child, H.
Adams andvjvife, H. D. Walker and wife,
H.«Shainwald and- wife, Mrs. W. ,G.
Richardson and family, Gordan Ross,
wife and daughter, William R. Norway,
J. F. Lutgeil, Mrs. G. Lemon, Mrs. M.
Condan. Mr. Brophy and wife, G. A.
Kelley and wife, C. A. Bruns, L. D.
Frichette and daughter, P. E. Goslunsky,
I. Erlanger. Miss F. E. Burnett, Miss G.
L. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Dusenbery, Mrs.
Grosse, C. Ottomier, Charles Durbrow
and wife, Mrs. A. M. Regan, J. Kelly, J.
Smith. Mrs. C. Lehmann, Miss Lehmann,
Miss Buerman, W. Cohen, F. I Sigmondy,
E. GrifflttB, R. Brower. F. Buchanan, P.
H. Buchanan, J. Hausminster, O. L.
Blackman. R. S. Shainwald, wife and
children, San Francisco; Julia A. Burry,
Martinez: G. C. Kirchner, wife and chil
dren, L. Warnech, P. W. Watkins. S. Mc-
Tigue, Oakland; A. Ayloin, Berkeley; M.
Rosenberg, Santa Rosa.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— Late arrivals at
Saratoga Springs include: Mr. Kelley and
wife, Saig .Brophy, I. M.- Foge, Henry
Ahlers.- F. Michaelis, Mrs. W. E. Lutz
and family. Master Raymond Conlisk, F.
C. Schmidt, Robert Mehrtens, San;Fran
cisco; W. F. Shattuck and wife, Alameda;
John Mehrtens. San Francisco: S. Mc-
Figne, Oakland; T. M. W r ellkens, . H.
Pregge and wife, Robert Christier, wife
and two children, E. Klevesahl and wife,
Miss Minnie Klevesahl. H. Behlmer. F.
M. Schore, W. Heitmann. Mrs. C. Geotze,
Mrs. J. Hassllnger. L. Radaker and fam
ily, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Adams. San
Francisco; E. Williams, John W. Preston,
Gertrude Sargls, Mattie Athearn, Adella
McMurry, E. G. Williams, Ukiah.
' PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing registered at Paraiso during .the past
week: D. Hagan, Dr. M. E. Gonzales and
wife, Cicero Nichols, Dr. F. L. Ziegler and
wife, J. M. Laurie and wife, Jasper Mc-
Donald and wife, Thomas H. Shatford,
Miss Cora J. Flood and maid. Miss Mary
Walsh. F. G. Andrews and wife. Thomas
McMahon, San Francisco; Rev. Valentine
Closa, San Juan; L. H. Garrigus, Ed Gil
liland, Salinas: A. Gllliland, Kings City;
O. C. Reeve, Berkeley. Mrs. J. W. Harri
son, Sausalito; M. S. Lopes, Watsonville;
J. A. Miller and wife, San Jose; Alma
Olsen, Jennie Pettit, Soledad; Neil Quirk,
Gonzales; Samuel Blbo, San Francisco.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Napa Soda Springs
the past week: San Francisco— Miss
Bates, Miss McKay, H. Rothschild, J.
O. Fitzsimmons, O. B. Fogle, Mrs. Ira
.Bishop, Angus Bishop, A. Searles, Robert
Bruce and family, James Hansen, Mrs.
Edward Stanly, Miss E. B. Garber, Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mr. Winslow
and family, L Deutch and family, S. V.
Smith and family. W. H. Gilson, Miss All
ridge, Edna, Kolb, George Kolb, J. L.
Hergert and wife, William Schmalz, Miss
Schmalz, L. M. Washburn, E. E. Wash
burn, Mrs. W. Speyer, Miss Helen Speyer,
Miss Ethel Speyer, E. P. Danforth and
family, C. C. Bishop. Airs. E. N. Short
and daughter, B. T. Shaw, J. Malfante
and family, A. Wolff and son, Mrs. Green
baum and daughter, L. M. Getz, Miss T.
Magary, J. H. Forester, Mrs. M. W.
Rosenshine and • family, Mrs. M. Rosen
thai, H. A. Payne, J. Liddy. Napa— E.
Light, M. Vandeleur, F. W. Bush, C. D.
Newton* Miss M. McCarty, Miss L. C.
Cohn, Miss C. Grendal. F. W. Bush and
family. Miss Cohen, Miss Hartson, Miss
Mather, Miss Curtis, Miss Graham, Misses
Goodman, Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Goodman.
Oakland— Edward Brayton, L. T. Lacy, F.
S. Jarvis, Mrs. J. Garber, Miss Garber,
J. B. Garber, L. C. Martin. F. C. Clift
and family, Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Cutting.
Mrs. E. A. Bushell, Dr. E. J. Boyes and
wife. Mrs. M. E. Carrierie, Dr. McAllister,
Mr. and Mrs. William P. Gould, Mr. and
Mrs. C. W. Harkness. Los Angeles— C.
M. Bouyer.
J. C. Cline. president or the Los Angeles
Lighting: Company, has engaged- rooms
for himself and family for the summer.
Edward D. Silent, a prominent real es
tate man of Los Angeles, and Godfrey
Holterhoff Jr., treasurer of the Sante Fe
system, located at Los Angeles, have en
gaged rooms at the springs.
Miss Elma Harris, Miss Helen Toumans
and Miss Alice Macdowell of Oakland are
at Highlands for a short stay.
Mrs. E. C. Farnham, L. S. Farnham and
Miss Daisy,, Robins of Oakland have taken
rooms for an extended stay.
During the cool days of the past week
the guests have spent most of their time
In tennis and ten pins, and some remark
able scores have been made ln bowling.
A. M. Jordan scored 257, Miss Augusta
Ames 178, D. H. Hilbing 241, H. Windmul
ler 255. W. P. Taylor 228, Dr. Gladding 237,
T. C. Pinckney 230. J. A. Klein 237.
The four-in-hands and pole teams have
been very busy during the cool days in
driving to the various springs— Adams,
Blue Lakes arfd Laurel Dell.
J. L. N. Shepard and Miss Shepard of
Berkeley are at the springs for a short
stay.
D. H. Hllbing and Miss L. Hilbing are
at the springs.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Rear Admiral
Joseph Trllley, United States Navy, Mrs.
Trilley and maid, accompanied by Miss
Center, have ' taken rooms at Highlands
for the season.
Francesca Rienecker, Mrs. F. Rlenecker
and son, Mrs. R. H. Harmon, Mrs. B.
Anderson, J. Vosburgh, Dr. Shroder, Miss
Grace Relfe, Miss Grace Barrett, Mrs. J.
H.- Miller and family. Miss Ella Miller;
from Oakland— Miss Harriet Marks, Mar
tin E. Marks, Harry Marks, Beatrice
Marks, - Harry D. Champion, Mrs. J. E.
Marks, Miss Etta La Coste, Zachary
Coney, George Adams, Mrs. Robinson and
family, Mrs. F. Champion, Frances M.
Champion, ¦ Miss Theresa La Coste, Miss
Annie Mclnerny; from Elmhurst— W. C.
Booth: from Fulton— Harriet Maddux;
from Mark West— Mrs. R. S. Mayo.
Miss Emma T. Bird, Cambridge, Mass.;
Miss Martha L. Hansee, Seattle; Mrs. B.
,S. Burroughs, Pendleton, Or.; Miss C. H.
Ober, Professor H. G. Byers, Professor
Charles C. More, Professor F. E. Doubt,
Seattle;' L. Schmitt, E. B. Brown, Ala
meda; H..J. Davidson. Crawfordsville,
Ind.; .William Evans, Sonora; A.-B.,Lem
mon Jr., Stanford.
BYRON HOT ,SPRINGS-Registered at
Byron Hot Springs durin" the past week
were: -From San Francisco— Mrs. Peter
Peters, Allan H. Browne, Louis P. Will
man, M. Finger, Mrs. Fredman, Mrs. E.
Heineman, A. Devoto, Louis Berryessa,
Joe Garcia, Mrs. C. Altschul, F. Altschul,
H. G. Bell, M. J. Brandenstein, A. A.
Brown, James D. Thornton, E. Roedeker,
Jules Coblentz. J. W.' F. Knonenberg, J.
MiHey, C. S.' Floyd, W. P.Dalton, A. V.
Breunn. Mrs.B. B. Shane, H. I. Babcock
and wife, Algo Graham. H. Knibbe and
wife, Mrs. R. J. Whittaker, Mrs. . J. J.
Hintz, P. Fitzpatrick. F. A. . Carmichael,
H. Nurrer, J. G. Mansfield, Mrs. John
Cashin, Miss Margaret Cashin. D. Genken,
Richard Sweasey. Mrs! M. Fisher, Miss
B. Fisher. Fred Mayfield, Miss A. Oxnard,
William Hearne.' J. Bachman, J. Henry
Brennan. N. S. Mellus, Patrick Ryan, H.
Soderhouse. M. F. Clausen, Frank Fargo,
Mrs.* R. Hunt, R.' McKeown, V. Bloch,
Bertha. Bloch, Mrs. M. Hencken, Miss
Hencken. Otto Braunsdorf, Ed Williams,
D." Sullivan and wife, E. O. Denning;
from Rio Vista— J. Daughters, Mrs. T. C.
Stewart; from Half moon Bay— J. Bernard,
Frank -Gomez, Jose Esvilla; from Rock
ville—William Ryan; from San Rafael-
Mrs. J. Short. Miss M. Short; from Ala
meda— Mrs. W. W. Brown, Mrs. E. S.
Code. May F. Code; from Stockton— H. E.
Wright, W. Horninpey, R. B. Lane; from
Oakland-J. W. Devereaux, J. L. Mc-
Carthy. B. Davidson, Paul Goldsmith, N.
S. Mellus. G. B. Cox; from Fresno— P.
McGaney, Lizzie McGaney; from Santa
Cruz — C. M. Hunter; from Haywards — T.
H. O'Neill; from Redwood City— George
Barker; from Cornwall— Geowre Kennerly.
May D. Hanson; P. H. Sheridan. N. H.
Beebe. . . ¦
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The fol
lowing guests registered during the past
week at California Hot Springs: From
San Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. John Night
ingale. Mr. and Mrs. G. H. F. Jackson,
Miss Louelle Jackson. Hamilton : Page.
Miss Ellen Page. Alpheus Bull. Miss
Edith. L. Bull, Miss Marie S. Bull, Mrs.
H. J. Curtaz. Ruth Curtaz, Elmer Cur
taz. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Abbott and fam
ily, Mrs. W. J. Iyowry, Miss Lowry. Miss
A. Lowry. W. G. Richardson. Will H.
Stinson. Mrs. A. ' Howard and children,
L. F. Stone, Mrs. Horton and child, E.
F. Mills, Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Anderson,
Miss Ella J. Morton. F. C. Reid, Mr. and
Mrs. S. L. Bra verman. Miss Florence
Braverman, Mrs. E. Gunst, George L..
Bulotti, Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Osborn, Mrs.
P. B. Randolph, Miss E. O'Connor. Cap
tain and Mrs. T.J. Sheehan and family.
Mr3. Celia Simon. Mrs. A. Seeligsohn and
daughter. Mr. and Mrs. J. Heyman, David
A. Finn. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick A. Braun
and child, Mis. Burmeister. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Toppe, Mrs. C. L.' Morse. Mrs. W. W.
Erskine and family. Captain and Mrs.
Matthew Turner. Miss Turner; Mrs. Nel
son, Andrews and child. Mrs. J. Wormser,
Miss J. E. Saalburg, F. J. Rademaker.
From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Rick
etts and children, George W: Hunt. From
Berkeley— Dr. H. N. Rowell. • From San
Rafael— Judge and Mrs. WMlllam W. Mor
row. Miss Eleanor Morrow, F. K. ¦ Zook.
,From . Tahiti— Captain and Mrs. J. P.
Ware.
SOCIETY'S SUMMER OUTING.
Gilroy : J. . A. Peterson, Galvestqn, Tex. ;
C* R. Slaysman, N. Murdock, L. Mayock,
Corralls; Henry Goetjen, Germany.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS-Late arri
vals at Klamath Hot Springs include:
From San. Francisco — Charles C. Huff, R.
J. Chapman, H. E. Diggles and wife, S.
S. Stiles, M. B. Rosenberg, R. Jones, Au
gust Petzold, W. W. Imrie and. wife,
Leigh H. Stanley, L. A. Washburne, J.
Mosconi: Pacific Grove — Dr. O. S. Trim
mer and- wife; Eugene. Or. — S. H. Ed
wards, W. H. Carroll; Klamath Falls— S.
M. McNaughten, W. E. Moore ;¦ Ager—M.
Naylor; Chicago— W. H. Irvine; Medford
—Austin S. • Hammond ; Portland— J. B.
Crocker, C. A.- Moore, C. A. Cogswell;
Phoenix, Ariz.— S. M. McCowan, Ray Mc-
Cowan; Redding— Frank J. Tetreau.
. CAMP REVERIE— Among 1 the, arrivals
at Camp Reverie this week are: > Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Fox, Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Singley, Alphonse J. Mervey, Robert F.
•lb#rson, Miss Marie Stenger, Frank
Shibeley, Mrs. M. A. AV'heelan. B> F.
Stacey, R. A. Thompson, Marion C;
Thompson, from San Francisco; Mrs. S.
H. Comstock, from' Honolulu; from
Berkeley, H. A. Sully and Mrs. Sully.
Grace E. Sully, Harry J. Sully, James O.
Sully, Gilbert ; Philip Sully, Mrs. F. W.
Durgin, F. W. Durgin Jr., Lawrence Dur
gin. Mrs. A. B. Pierce, Donald -B. Pierce,
Miss Genevieve Knoll, Belknap C. Gold
smith, Mrs. Alice Chittenden, Gano Chit
tenden; from Oakland, Dr. A. K. Craw
ford, Miss Crawford, Lindsey Crawford,
Mrs. J. B. Jeffrey; from Alameda. Mrs.
Archibald Wilson, Miss Emily J. Hamil
ton. , ; " ,-
The management announces that the
programme for next week will carry the
names of Charles Ferguson, the author of
"The Religion of Democracy," and Jack
London," the young California novelist.
Mr. Ferguson will give addresses on
"The Creed of the University," "The Re
lation of Economics to the Arts," and
,"The Western Kind of Man." Mr. Lon
don will give readings from his stories,
some of them yet unpublished, and lan»r
will give addresses on "The Question of
the Maximum," "The Salt of the Earth"
¦and "On Environment." The programme
will begin Tuesday morning.
HOITT'&i-Recent arrivals at Hoitt's
Menlo Park include: From San Francis
co, Dr. Burritt N. Dow. Mrs. Burrltt N.
Dow, James Moore, Mrs. James Moore,
Miss Corona Ghirardelli, Esperanza Ghir
ardelli, Ruth Ghirardelli, Miss Marjorie
Bufllngton, Mrs. Paul Goodloe, Miss Good
loe; from Alameda, Mrs. James W. Han
son, Miss Carlotta Hanson, Beatrice Han
son, Ernest Hanson.
GLENBROOK— Recent arrivals at Glen
brook Include: From San Francisco — O.
O. Schmidt, C. J. Traulsen, Milton , H..
Salz, Hermann Behr, Joseph Schoenfeld*
Victor Levy,. Milton Franklin. George W.
Frank, Howard H. Salz, F. W. Hoffman,
W. H. Cameron. Mrs. S. A. Conn, Sollie
Aronson, Harry M. Campe and wife, R.
H. Fischback and wife. Mrs. H. Horn
lein, A. C. Peterson, Miss Jeanie M.
Koch. Alameda— Charles Abt. Middle
town — George W. Kemp, Max Hoberg, P.
W. Reid. Kenterville, Idaho— F. Hoiden
ried. St. Helena— Miss Maude L. Davis.
Vacaville— F. H. Buckingham, Dr. C. A.
Weldon. Oakland-C. Brier, M. M. Hoff
man, Mrs. F. H. Bruning, Harry F. Brun
ing. Stockton — Fred J. McKain and wife.
Vallejo — James "White, H. Grayson, J. V.
Fleming, J. V. Fleming Jr., Clyde Cald
well. Lakeport— Miss A. C. Vest.
THE GEYSERS— Among the late ar
rivals at the Geysers are: Mrs. Margaret
Evans, Mabel Worthrup Oslen, Mrs. Ida
B. Agee, Mr. and Mrs. F. Thorde, James
T. Olsen, F. Luhr Jr., Mr. Siernneiz,
Miss May Donohue, H. ti. Dutton, Dr. J.
R. Laine, wife and child; Morris Leny,
Miss A. Shendel. Miss J. M. Neppert,
Miss L. E. Neppert, William H. Milroy. T.
G. Perkins, L. Muller, all from San Fran
cisco; Ralph Butler,- Oakland; Miss M. A.
Stoddard, Alder Glen; B. M. McPherson,
Mayme McPherson, F. Eckstrin, Clover
dale; J. T. Snrlven, Alepander Valley; B.
M.- Weweaub, Miss Hazel Ogle. Oak Hill;
H. Eloesser, S. Barham, Mill Valley. . .
HOTEL" VENDOME— Late arrivals at
the Hotel Vendome, San Jose, Include:
From San Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. H..C
Rodgers, L. ,H. • Lord, Lawrence ScottT
Jasper M. McDonald arid wife, Dr. Louis
Bare t, John A. Kennedy, Joe Kennedy, T.
A. Hays, Sir. and Mrs. I.,Cahn, Mr. and
Mrs. Krank J.lCarter, Mrs. -T. J. McVay,
F. B. Pierce, E. Alvery McCarthy, Miss
Aileen McCarthy and maid, Mrs. E. Fra
zier, E. Sweeney, Mr. and Mrs. Irving M.
Scott, Miss Brown, William Kelly, Ed
morid Cords. G. H. Umbsen, G. W; Brown,
Rev. Burr M. Weeden, James A. Cooper,
Mrs. R. McKnight Smith, Albert E. Cas
tle, A, B. Paul Jr., Dr. C. W. Hibbard and
child, A. G. Freeman, H. S. Bruner,
wife and son, B. A. Becker/ II. Horst
man, M. Ohlandt. Emil Rohte. George
Tourny, C. A. Paulden, H. Schadt, John
Lloyd, A. E. Hughes, E. L. Jacobs,! H. G.
Playfair, Mrs. M. W.'Kincaid, James C.
Dunphy, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel G. Buck
hee, W. E. Hayes, Mrs. F. Prill, T. W.
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Baruch,
E. C. Sharpe, H. B. Calisher, M. F. Bren
nan, Jay W. Adams, Malone Joyce, J. W.
Elstum, Mrs. A. L. Langfeid. James K.
Wilson, W. J. Davis, Miss Florence Cal
laphan, John M. Marlow and wife. From
Oakland— Colonel and Mrs. M. J. Cotton,
Miss Mabel Hall, Mrs. E. V. Howard,
Hon. Raymond T. Baker, R. . H. Morris,
Mrs. Charles A. Grow, Mrs. Andrew P.
Moseley. From Palo Alto— T. H. , Good
man, Mrs. J.-K. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Jo
seph Hutchinson, Thomas B. Blake, Pro
fessor'Lewis William Weer. From New
York— Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Briney, A.
Newman, Mr. and Mrs. Chester Allen
Arthur, H. D. Dietrick, H. T. MacKnight,
George F. Harder and wife, Roger T.
Pelton. Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Moore, C.
Ruston Jr., G. M. Patten. Miss L. Hoe,
Mrs. Phoebe Faulk and' maid, J. A.
Hunter, Mrs. L. M. Towl, Mrs. J. Crowell,
John O. Slemmons. From Butte, Mdnt.—
John J. McHatton, wife and son. From
Washington, D. C— J. N. Russell, George
V. Phillips. From . Chicago— Augustus
Ehle, Mrs. Edward L. Gillette, Mr.. and
Mrs. William T. Jenks, Richard I. Labor
and wife. E. M. Lund, R. T. Stanton, W.
S. Plitt, Mr. and' Mrs. S. H. Tingley. .
CAMP CURRY— Late arrivals at. Camp
Curry, Yosemite Valley, include John L.
Hurst, Miss F. E. Dunham, Miss ¦ C. A.
Dunham, Miss Georgia Spieker, Miss Ger
trude Holmes, Miss Davida French, Miss
Ruby Berriors, F. W. Stephenaon. Edward
E. Sawyer, Percy Milburn, Adolph Kosh
land. Dr. O. Earltand, W. Schultz, Miss
Minnie Clunes, Mr. and Mrs. H.^R. Hurl
but, J. C. Pennie, T. N.Swyney; Dr. N.
L. Cox, Miss Sarah Cox, Mrs. W. J.
White. Mrs. C. H. Clark, L. E. Clark. W.
J. Girard, Dr. Ed D. Keefe, Dr. William
A. Ellis. Dr. A. W. Baker, - : Dr. Georee
Donnelly, Lewis L. Hall, Percy C. Wind
ham, Frank B. McDonald,' B. Cromwell
and wife, San Francisco; Miss -Lulu' L.
Finley, Miss Edna Finley, W. O. Thomas,
W. C. Prescott, S. Springstein. W. H.
Frazier and wife, Modesto; A. C. Mlnton
and wife, Montgomery, Ala.; Hiram Me-.
Fall and wife, . Miss Mary E. Holmes,
Plymouth, Mass.; Hiram L. Barston,
Lathrop; Professor Eugene Joralemon,
Professor W. H. McDougall, Professor C.
K. Moore, Belmont: Professor Walter Mil
ler, Stanford University: Rev. Charles
Smith. Palo Alto; F." D.- Kidd, New Zeal-,
and; George F. , Mueller, Chicago; John
Clark,* Thames,, New York; Miss H. N.
White, Pennsylvania; A. R. Maines and
wife,- Los Angeles; Miss M., A. Libbey,
Portland, Me.; Miss Evelyn A. McKee,
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. McKee, Miss Edna A.
McKee, Miss Alice Dray, Miss Minnie
Keisel, Sacramento; L. .Taylor, Chi
cago;, F. L. Felton • and •wife.
Miss N. Felton, New York; , Mis3
L. C. Cockerton, San Francisco;
Alvin Bozdquist. Palo Alto; F. E. Ross,
Berkeley; Olcott Haskell, San Rafael;
MrB. . W. Milnpr Roberts. Miss Milnora
Roberts. Milnor Roberts, Stanford; Fran
cIb E. Bradley, Phoenix, Ariz.; Miss C.
Horker, Portland. Or.: Miss Mary. Craig,
Woodland: Miss .Winifred Burdge, Oak
land; Stanley H. Sinsheimer, University
of California; Lawrence Strassburger,
Professor E. W. Rettger, Professor J. H.
Curran, Stanford; Mr.- and „ Mrs. 5 Joseph
Sexton, Santa Barbara; Mrs. L. J. Sa win,
Mrs. L. E. Fancher, Mansfield, O.; C.F.
Dooley Jr., G. T. Plummer, Alameda;
Professor J. P. "Warren, Boston; • Mrs.
Martin Schultz, Miss Susie Schultz, Oak
land;- Mrs. Marcus Shayer, Bloomfleld,
Ind.; Professor HaroldvMuckleston, Can
ada; D. B. Gllliam 1 , F.-Lancey, .'Moreland; 1
Miss McCobb, Miss L. . M. McCobb, ¦ Port
land, Me.; A. E.Loomis Wilson.. N. Y.;
Professor G.H.- Marx, Mrs. Marx r "and
child, Palo Alto; Mr." and Mrs. ; Charles
Parkin, Miss . Alice Parkin, William M.
Parkin, Harry D.; Parkin, Pittsburg, Pa.';
Miss J. J. Haskell/ Bradford, Pa. ; Mrs. i
Sarah-M. Steele, Oakland: F.H.,Hendon,
Sonora; W. B. Moore, Alameda; L. L.
Nelson and wife, Miss V. A:* Nelson,
Berkeley;: Helena- Dow, Paris; Robert L.
Frier ,and wife, Mrs. M.'E." Bacon, Miss
M. Bacon,- Alameda ;, • Dr.' : Erick -Haenel;
Mrs. Haenel, Guatave i Haenel, * Dresden:
Rev. l F. H. ¦» Burgen; Auburn; " Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin Pierce, New York;' Mrs. #T. J.
Haslocher, Beatrice Haslocher, Oakland:
The Junior Order.
Abraham Lincoln Council of the Junior
Order of United American Mechanics has
left its old quarters in the B'nai B'rith
building and taken a hall in the Alcazar.
The change seems to have done the coun
cil good. On the night of the 6th inst.
two strangers were initiated and the
records show that in the past six months
the council has had a steady growth
numerically and financially. On the night
of the 13th this council grave the first of. a
series of entertainments it proposes to
give this term.. The principal speaker of
the evening was Rev. F. K. Baker. Here
after the meetings of this council will be
advertised in the meeting notices of The
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CAli^SUNI)AYi ; 16;^901. !
26
...NAPA...
SODA SPRINGS
Napa County,
Gal.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78 Geary St., S an Francisco.
Outing Suits ln Homespun or Golflngs; 'Jack-
ets ellk lined,* made to order only. Special for
the next 20 days ..$24.5O
LESTER, Ladies' Tailor. 8 and 10 Kearny st.
VACATION DAYS.
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $%and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY. Prop., Glenbrook, Lake Co., Cal.
GLENBROOK.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANYON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nics or campers. Further Information ad-
dress J. B. BARNARD. Prop., Niles, Cal.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
; HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS,' Prop., Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.
Greatly l improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.,
Point Arena.' $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome
St., or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena, Cal. ... ' .
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
THE GEYSERS, ?%%>*,
PNE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATO-
ral steam baths; swimming, nshing. hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER, manager.
<fkyrayffo$fprh$s
Three trains dally; 2^ hours', ride. A
Bettens, Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., .Cal.
• Lombard & Co., 36 Geary street. City.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the- shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fl?hing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day, or $10, $12 and $14 per
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
OWN A HOME in ti b f e u a l u - CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots- $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry. $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or H. M.
GREGSON, • Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE • IN - LAKE
County to ¦ spend a vacation. . Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal. '
LAUREL DELL LAKE
HOT SPRINGS^
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. -m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop. . . ¦. . . -•/ . Y- ¦¦
. Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved—without pain— by s tho Electric
Needle. . -
LOLA MONTEZ CREME— keeps the
skin smooth and soft and the complex-
ion . clear. Removes • and prevents
wrinkles. Trial pot free. Send 10c for
postage and packing. '
At»druggists\ $1. Easily applied with
a fine comb. One free application at
my parlors. ,
It is a clean, clear liquid that enters
into the very composition of the hair
and roots— and in combination with the
light and the a'.r brings back the soft,
youthful luxuriance of hair coloring,
without which there is no real femi-
nine beauty.
But don't use dyes— that clumsily
hide, instead of removing, the gray and
the fading. SCIENCE hai found a
way to RESTORE the natural, trans-
parent, glossy coloring; science, aa
embodied in my
4-Day Hair Restorer.
GRAY HAIR is becoming only to
extreme old age. . On young heads-
less than 50— it is out of place, inhar-
monious, irritating.
It is not merely your privilege— It Is
your duty— to yourself, to those near
arid dear to you — in fact, to the world.
- ¦• . , staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural . bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. .only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at -7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References — Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUfa-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal.
Af/A/)/)A HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
SK U NNS Co - '• only 4^ nours from
UA/IVl/U San Francisco; but -9 miles
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TTHE SEASIDE RESORT OP CENTRAL
* California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet: R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp, Capltola. Cal.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain cr scar. Wrlnkle6 removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bal-i heads Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evenings by
appointment. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st'.
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth Powder. 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Drug Co.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
' DR.' C C-O»DONrVEt.L.»S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R- give special rates to campers:
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor pfclson oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C C O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and - 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity thl3 is the place to go.
First-class family resort; climate, unsnr*.
passed: great relief for people with asthma: 63
miles from S. F.; fare $1 85: free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 2t> Montgomery St., op
of JOHN NEVILL, Proprietor. Los Gatos.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
JOHANNItSBBRG.
First-class famUy resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BliANCKENBCRO JR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery st.
¦ Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal.. 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; faro $2. Hottest and,
strongest water on the Coa3t; temperature 14S
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel" fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. -
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINCS. *
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma.
Valley. No staging; 48 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it.. Round .trip.
SI 10 Telephone: expensive improvements; $13
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Agua Ca-
llente, Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
For the. complexion. Indispensable for the.
Mountains and Sea Shore.' Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
I BIG OAK. -FLAT ANT> YOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolunme
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $S2. " Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2& hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.r tel. Black 3571.
To all persons desiring a beautiful place for
camping 1 would say that "Wardland is situated
In Sonoma. County, in the heart of the Giant
Redwoods. Camping: grounds are absolutely
free and only five minutes* wjtlk from the de-
pot. The climate is equable and free from cold
winds. An abundance of pure water, flshins
and hunting. -Provisions easily secured near
camp grounds. Take North Pacific Coast Rail-
way to Freestone, Cal. Good accommodations
assured. Family campers cannot do better.
For further particulars address I. T. "WARD,
Freestone, Cal.
ANNOUNCEMENT!
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful placa
ln all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement Rates— $10. $12. Sit,
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE T>. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st., and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure in
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
Only Three Hours' Staging
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
.ThJs is a little book Just Issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and la
profusely Illustrated. It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts in
Marln. Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
Besides, it contains a list ct about 200 fanr.s
and homes where board during the summer
months can be procured at from $5 to $10 per
week. Ticket offices. 650 Market street (Chron-'
icle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General of-
flce. Mutual Life building. Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RTAN,
General Passenger Agent. H. C "WHITING,
General Manager,
"VACATION 1901"
go this Summer
Call or write for *_'?
K you want to
know where to
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. - Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkin St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Sold by druggists and general
dealers, or sent prepaid on receipt of
price — 50c. Sample bottle 10c.
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO., Mfrs
Possible, and such things as tan,
sunburn, sallowness, oily or muddy
skin, pimples and blackheads are out
of the question if you use
GREME DE US.,
rnn TUP nATDFriOl Your BathinK Suit
FOR THE BATHERS! ;^^#|
in j'our summer outfit. No use neglecting it when we have such a full
line. We keep them in stock, or will make them to order for you.
Here's part of the story: VV"^'
WAMFK'C Union Suits— Alpaca trimmed; very 'smart and s~£$r1
n UillCI> J stylish $1O to $12. , jjgSfc 7
JERSEY SUITS— Alpaca trimmed; perfect fitters: knitted for 11 *>W
comfort ; i£5 to 9 7.5O J ' r^
ALPACA SUITS — In beautiful colors; made to wear and to fit .^Tv*/ •***>».
: -* 1 - 75 to *•» Wf^^h
f.Ipl C» Knitted and. Alpaca Bulu -Made to stand th« wear ' II ' ' I 7 7w>zk
UlliLJ and tear of many seasons $1.25 to $5 \ ' /-? 1
MFV'S SUITS ~ New 8t y le « a n d *«t colors; not a thread of '. l^S— • // -
aitjA •* •JUlAiJ discomfort 75c to $i> ' AJ^*~^V^
R1YS' SUITS — plaln w>d fancy combinations to resist the / —
UJIJ JVIU energy of that boy of yours SOc to $3 /. . Y
BA1H.NG SBOES ffi? n fn' la^'VaxSy! * nd Handker - V
k L£?\ A a Makers of...
f f *W ? • /-^ L Sweat3rs « Jerseys, \ I
bi ki kt 4 M AjDyfl Gymnasium Suits; \ /
V.VJJ /l/*wl) Silk, Lisle Threat ) /
i/iii T nun nn Linen and Wool <£\
A N I TOTING CO. Un'erwejr; Rid-
60 oeary st., -Ing, Cufng and Camping Leggings.
Bet. Ee.roy Bt. tut 6mt Art. . Cttalegwi Miil.d Im.
CAMPREVERIE,
— -IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN,
"In All California .
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan,
Campj Reverie, on the'Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. . Accommodations
—tent and board— by the day or by the wee.k.
There will be addresses by distinguished people
in the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments— musical, literary, etc.— for the even-
ings.
RUN UP FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday or
Monday^
Run Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself — "In All California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.60.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81, Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets: or Sprite Camp Reverie Association. P. .O.
ForestvllIS, Sonoma County, Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. / : ;
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3>£ Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal:
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna .Club.". ' - i
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. ;
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments'. -
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for -camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to. ,.„:- —^,- ,.. « .. ,. t .
... :. E. C. PECK, Agent,. ;
. ¦. 10 Montgomery et.. San Francisco> ¦• ')
. . Or BANNING. CO.,-- •
!22 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
. THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
nniTT)C Beautiful Grounds at- Hoitt's
HOI 1IO -School will be open to summer
MENLO gruests during June and July.
' Superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. . Ad-
__„ _ _ dress . ; IRA G. HOITT.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7 a week; camplwc privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. TV. McCORMICK, St. Helena.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
'•PINE KNOLL."
, Beautiful ' mansion house and magnificent
grounds, situated ln foothills, one and a, < halt
miles from St. Helena.,- Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O, box 53, St.
Helena. Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cookintr:
17 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake' County. Cal.
In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting and swimming: good table:
miests at home; never fall to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas^
MOUNTAIN HOME.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
1^4 hours* ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Va!-
leio Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages. renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
WIT I flW BAVfH Former proprietor W.
IT ILli U TT H All Wll Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods. 5 miles from" Santa Cruz:
running 1 ¦water, swimming, croquet, abundancs
of fruit home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULET & ILIFF. Sar.ta Cruz.
CAMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month in Yosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $15 per month.
Office, 630 Market street.
YOSEMITE I I
SOLID COMFORT HOME K53T&, ! ? t :
altitude. No fog;- climate delightful. Large,
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates, $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER*& S.CHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
ORCHARD SPRINGS SSHlSg.
In the Foo-'v'.IU of the Pl-rr» Nr»vU Mountains, Bear Colfaz, on
C. P. R. R., 136 mllei from San rrudicn. ftortuciiic Plain
quiet rttrf it; Hani •cMtry, water, mnont.ln air. fr.lt ana dtmate
\n Callforaia. Ideal forest, (ronnda »o<t •nrnmn<Uiir:». tS a weak.
Send tn booklet.' ORCHARD SPR1>GS, Colfii, C«J.
¦ The only place in , tha United . States where
Vichy ' Water : is abundant. ' The . only natural
Electric Waters: Champacne Baths: • Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled; Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMETER &'CO.,\
• '; , t Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS,
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on . California | Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee. , , .
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs,
' Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
4 12:30- arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 8-horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wafrons. made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stare Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
' Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, * 20 Montgomery st. or
address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Siskiyou
County, . Cal. :• ¦
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME;
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. -Visit this ' quiet • little resort for
solid- comfort. .For" particulars apply to S.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
HflTFI fiFVFVA and cottages, sau-
UU I EL . UEn C T A SALITO. Only 30 minutes
from the i city; :; most : beautiful location - and
marine view ; an unexcelled summer and win-
ter resort; table and service of the best. W. Q.
GRAHAM, late of Hotel. Mateo, Manager. " /
"THF fiROVF" " Lake Tahoe - Cal - H mlla
. IHC UftUTC east of-Tallac. Board and
lodging per week. $9. By the day. S2. Meals.
SOc. Good saddle horses and the best of livery
Boats free to. all guests. PARMETER &
COPLAND. Proprietors.
LAGUNA FARM— Vi miles from Mt. Olivet
station; beating, fishing, bathing; $6 per week.
MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma Co.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
$1 pep Year.
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Tosemito
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Selglef. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstosa;
also to Mlddle,town. Lower Lake. Kelseyvilla
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS, Proprietor.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR. A
few guests; mountain scenery; pure air. $8
per week. H. -. B. LAWLET. ' Callatoga, Cal.
YOSEMITE!!
&SO.OO
Or less -will , cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to Yosemite. . . Curry's ; Office, 630 Market
street. S. F. ; •• . v -. . • - f v .-
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
,? Via/ C. > C : Foas'.. Stage .Line . from ; Callstoga.
The scenic routed Livery in connection. "•' C. C.
FOSS. Proprietor. Calistoga. J Ca.1. ;
CAMP TAYIOR Cotta "«. camping, flshiwf.-
VAfTir lAlLUn 29 m n es from s> F> . ln tha
redwoods. .Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H., G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
Jn every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at . "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery street.
San Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose, Cal.
Central California
A grotto, 1400 feet up ln the coast range, over-
looking the broad Salinas Valley; free from fog
and winds; pure, dry. balmy air; equable tem-
perature: seven miles stage from Soledad; hot
and cold soda and sulphur baths; tub and
plungre; special bathhouses for ladies; massage
treatment; cement swimming tank. 30x60; hunt-
ing and fishing; all popular games; hotel, cot-
tages and grounds illuminated by gas; telephone
and P. O.; round-trip ticket $8. C. T. ROMIE,
prop.; T. W. SHRODER. manager.
HOT SPRINGS.
PARAISO
from Bigr Trees.
Buy ticket to Campus Station. For particu-
lars and - booklet write the owner, THOS. L.
BELL, P. O.. Felton/ Cal.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF AT.T.
health resorts.
. Rates $10 to $15 per week; Two trains daily,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANX. Proprietor.
'&/ Perfect
"^vX Cnmnlexinn
H/Corti p lexi on Powd erg
SSS Jjjj, ™? arti t0 tho * kln that rose- like color BE
¦ffll •"ncewbateyer, io common in imitation*. ' mt
ADVERTISEMENTS.x^^ —^ HE general' committee of the
— Improved . Order . of Red Men
n I - met last week and perfected
(V I • all arrangements for the pic
; \j» — Ly nic to be held in Sunset 'Park
V V ¦ on the 4th. of July. ) A^ large
number of prizes have been
secured for the occasion.
On the* last Saturday in May James
Boyes, G. S.. S., and other great chiefs
visited Solano Tribe > at Benicia, where
they assisted at the adoption of twenty
five palefaces." ' - . l
Last week Great Sachem Brandon, Past j
Great Sachems Fred Brandt, Henry
A. Chase and James G. Smith. District
Deputy Great Sachem E. Lastreto and a
number" of other chiefs ' visited j Seneca j
I Tribe, where two palefaces were adopted
with that perfectness of degree work for
which this tribe is justly noted. All the
| great chiefs praised the work of the even
; ing. . , ¦ •
i Mankopah Tribe was instituted in this
city latt week. A tribe will be^instituted
in the Western; Addition during the, cur
rent month. ' • / '
Semmuie Tribe was" visited ¦ last/ week
by the great sachem, Henry A. Chase;
\V. J. Smith and "B." L.- McDonald, past
great sachems; the «reat chief of records
and Manzariita Tribe. After long- and
short talks there was a feast of corn and
venison.
The district deputies have'b'een busv of
late installing the chiefs of tribes. It is
expected that the new ones will work
hard to make this a prosperous term.
Wilson Brooks, great chief of records of
the Great Council of the United States,
sends most encouraging news to this
jurisdiction concerning the condition -of
the order throughout the great reserva
tion. . A \
On the night of the 7th inst. •Arapahoe
Tribe was visited by Great Sachem Bran
don, Great Senior Sagamore -Boyes and
other chiefs of the order, on which occa
sion the chiefs for the ensuing term were
elected and the members, who put on
their war paint, celebrated the "Hot Sun
dance."
Oseeola Tribe celebrated the ninth anni
versary of its institution by a grand ball
In Union Square Hall on the night of
the 9th inst. The hall was pret
tily decorated and there was an attend
ance of several hundred red men and pale
faces of both sexes. The affair was ex
ceedingly well managed by the following
named: Committee of arrangements — J.
V. Russel, J. Stussy. H. D. Stussy, P. S.
Seymour; Charles McMenomy; reception
committee— H. "W. Houston, H. A." Klep,
H. L. Skirvin, E. M. Branham; floor man
ager, Charles McMenomy; assistant floor
manager, J. V. Russell; floor committee —
J. 'Stussy, R. Phillips, P. S. Seymour, H.
D. Stussy.'E. Peterson. ' ¦:¦• . : -« i
/ ,. /The Eastern Star.
-King Solomon's , Chapter of the Order
oT the Eastern Star, at its meeting on the
5th inst., had present many of the.mem
bers and visitors ; from ;the local chap
ters. After the routine business the fol
lowing programme-. was carried' out:
¦ Violin sclo with; piano accompaniment,
by the Misses Goliner; recitation, -Miss
Mae F. O'Keefe; vocal selections, Miss
Daisy A. Doud; recitation, Louis Waas;
ballad, Miss • Amelia A. Doud, and sun
flower song by ten young ladies dressed
to represent sunflowers. ¦ After the en
tertainment light refreshments were
served. . • :,.--.
Beulah Chapter, at its meeting last
Monday night, admitted five to member
ship in the presence .of almost the entire
membership and a large number 'of visit
ors. The work was well done and; the of
ficers came in for a good deal of praise
by those able to pass upon the matter.
After the work of the evening/there was
a coalition in the /banquet hall and ad
dresses by a number of those who par
took of the hospitality, of the chapter.
Odd Fellows.
The Past Grands' Association held a
meeting last Friday night to further per
fect the plans of organization.
Last Tuesday night Farnsworth Lodge
entertained its members and a large
number of friends . at a smoker in its
lodgeroom. There was an interesting
programme and a liberal supply of
smoking material. -. •
. Wildey Encampment has arranged to
confer the patriarchal degree on the 18th
inst.'
The forty-eighth anniversary banquet
of Yerba Buena Lodge, which had been
set for the 6th of July, will be "given on
the night of the 23th- inst.
Grand Master Nichols announces the
following visitations for the month of
July: (ith, Pacheco Lodge.. Concord; 8th,
Cupertino Louge at Cupertino; Dth, May
licld Lodge. iUaytleld: 10th. Bay .View
Lodge, Redwood City; 11th, , Pesctidero
Lodge, 'Pescadero; ' 13th, Ocean View
Lodge, Half Moon Bay; 15th. San Mateo
Lodge, San Mateo; 16th, Ridgley Lodge,
Los Gates; 17th, True Fellowship Ledge,
Santa 1 Clara," and 18th, Mountain View
Lodge, Mountain View.
Rsbekah Lodges.
Cosmopolitan Lodge, on the night of the
recent election of its officers for the en
suing term, received three proposltiortfe
and initiated one candidate in the pres
ence of Templar Lodge, which visited hr
a body. Under good of the order there
were a number of addresses.
Last Tuesday night Jubilee Lodge had
a pleasant social for the pleasure of its
members. There was a good attendance.
Amity Lodge is still keeping up its
boom, for at almost every meeting it is
accepting and initiating strangers.
On the night of the 8th inst. members
of Templar Lodge tendered a reception to
one of the j lodge, Mrs. j Alma Isabel' Jen
sen, who was recently elected warden of
the California Assembly. There was a
large number of the members present to
congratulate Mrs. Jenson and there were
quite a number of visiting members of
the order.
Oriental Lodge No. 90 will give an enter
tainment and dance to its members and
friends in Prospect Hall of the I. O. V O. F.
building on the 26th inst. .
Foresters of America.
Club Seal Rock, composed of the mem
bers of Court Seal Rock, had a very en
joyable picnic at Schuetzen Park recently.
The many who attended enjoyed a
suburban lunch, took part in races and
games, hr.d a chance to draw 200 gate
orizes and danced to the music of the
Second Artillery Band. The committee
that had charge of the affair was Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann, Ernest W. Ja
kobs, • Ed J. Coffaney, Charles S. John
stone. Joseph Gallagher, A. W. Roberts
and J. Cusanovich.
Court Sanctuary No. 38 of the Shepherds
of America -was instituted last Friday
night in the Alcazar building by Deputy
Supreme Pastor L. W. Morgan with about
three hundred members. It is an adjunct
to the Foresters of America and has -for
its objects socialibity and the payment of
a funeral benefit.
A call has been issued for a meeting of
representatives >from the various local
courts on the 22d inst. for the purpose of
organizing abureau*of relief as provided
for at the last held Grand Court session.
A' new court was instituted at Sanger
last Monday with thirty-nine members.
The instituting officers were assisted by
the membership of Court Yosemite of
Fresno and Court Pride of Selma. A
court, was instituted at Dunsmuir on tho
4th' inst. A new court, to be called Sun
flower, will be instituted by the grand
officers in this city to-morrow night, in
the Alcazar building.
• On the night Of the 18th inst. Court
¦United States of America's team will visit
Court Oakland for the purpose of confer
ring the ' degrees on a number of
strangers..
Court Aurora Social Club will have a
picnic at Buena Vista Park on the 23d
inst. On the 28th. of July Court Califor
nia's Social Club will picnic at the same
place.
Court San Francisco has arranged for a
jolly Ice cream party , in its hall on the
night of the 26th Inst. ' ¦ -
Court Columbia, composed almost en
tirely / of teamsters who are members of
the union, I has a committee out to ar
range for a banquet to its members ex
clusively. ' r .
.Last Wednesday night Court Presidio
gave a smoker that was attended by a
large number of people. During the even
ing a watch was rattled for the benefit of
the widow of G. D. Kinney/who was one
of the members of the court,, and who
passed away a short time since.
t At the meeting of Court Sutro Heights
last Monday night the election was one
of the quiestest ever held in the court. All
the officers from chief . ranger down .to
senior beadle were advanced , one station.-
The only- contest was for junior beadle,
Brother Gay defeating Brother Jacobson.
The picnic committee reported that it had
fifty prizes in hand and about three hun
dred more in view. The picnic will Ibe
held on the 14th of .June at Glenwood
Park, in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Many
who are not members of the court are
taking an active interest in this family
outing,- and it is expected that there. will
be "a large attendance." Brother Levy 'of
Court Hayes -Valley presented his cre
dentials as court deputy and was enthusi
astically received. He delivered an -inter
esting address. ••. ¦ „ "¦. ¦
Court Golden Era gave its quarterly so
cial in Pythian Castle last Wednesday
night. It was well attended , and was an
enjoyable affair, as there was a good pro
gramme of dances and many pretty ladles.
The affair was under the direction of Mo.
l^evy, F. Mahlstedt, L. Conrad, E. Meyers
and>L. Ray.
Young Men's Institute.
Grand Directors E. "J. Dollard and J. J.
O'Toole paid an official visit last week to
the, council /in. San Jose. After the busi
ness of the evening the visitors .were
guests at a banquet got up in their honor.
Last Sunday there was a district meet
ing in Santa Rosa of the councils of that
city, Petaluma, San -Rafael and Sonoma.
There were about 300 present. They at
tended mass in the forenoon, and listened
to a sermon by Rev.. Father J. Cassln,
after .which there was -a short business
meeting and a social hour for the mem
bers end their friends.- Among the promi
nent members of the order who were therei
were, Supreme President Klerce, Grand
Directors Dollard, O'Toole and J. D.
Whalen. ¦ • ' "'¦¦ . - , ;
Ccoper. Council of Ocean View will have
a social on the 29th inst. Columbia Coun
cil will pay a fraternal visit to California
Council of Alameda on the 13th inst.".- ;
.The picnic'of Council No.- 4 will be held
at Fernbrook on. the '26th Inst.; and that
of the ¦- board ¦ of : management in the same
place on the Fourth of July.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
'.The members, of,; Martha Lodge i of the
Knights' and Ladies of Honor will hold
their annual picnic in Tepper's Gardens,
Fruitvale; to-day. ¦ ::-¦¦¦: . . . -
Garfield . Corps, f
.The .social given by James ;A. Garfleld
Relief ; Corps 'No." 21, -W. ; R. c, in the , Al
cazar , building : last , a was .' a , very
pleasant'^affair; that -was: greatly*-en
joyed by the many. who attended." There
was a short- programme ; of ' entertaining
numbers that were contributed by J. Mur
phy,' Ida Gilberts; H. Walters and Mrs. J.
THE FRATERNITIES
Grand : Chancellor L. S. Calkins of the
Knights of Pythias announces the follow
ing official visitations: June 17, Pride of
Butte Lodge, at Chico; 18th, Maywood
Lodge, Corning; 19th, Castle Lodge, Red
Bluff; 20th. Vita Niiova Lodge, Redding;
21st. Keswlck Lodge. Keswick: 22d, Fre
mont Lodge, French Gulch; 24th, Eagle
Cliff Lodge, Dunsmuir; 25th, Lily Lodge.
Sissons; 26th. Yreka Lodge, Yreka, and
28th, Gold Hill Lodge. Knob.
Knights t of -Pythias.
M. Clark.* r Then there was dancing. The
affair was under: the direction of Mes
dames Dora H. Wilkins. C. Dibble. T. Mc-
Gowan, L.. McDade/vM. £ F. Moyce, and
Esther C. i)unn. .:•..' ;
Seven Pines Circle, g
On the night of the 26th inst. Seven
Pines Circle, Ladies , of the Grand Army
of the Republic, will give a "violet party"
in the assembly hall of the Pioneer build
ing in aid of its fund for the relief of the
distressed families of old soldiers of the
Civil War who | have become ; too old to
work and are now in need. .The members
of the circle ' have had . many v demands
upon their funds of late, and as it is get
ting low they have adopted this means
of replenishing- it. "The committee prom
ises a most refined ¦ and enjoyable enter
tainment. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 16. 1901.
27
...» .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott & Co
(Incorporated.)
PRACTICE COX FINED TO
DL ORDERS OF THE MALE,
asroT .a.
"WEAKNESS
There Is no -such condition as weakness In a
ftian under fifty years of aee, other than gen-
ial debility. Prematureness, loss of vitality,
•tc. are but symptoms of some damage to th*
.reproductive . system caused by a contracted
Jisorder or eariy dissipation. In looking for the
location of this damage we generally find an
jnlarged. swollen and inflamed prostate gland.
An this gland is the very center ! of the re-
productive system it can readliy be understood
that inflammation of it must, cause disordered
function. The cases are promptly benefited by
proper treatment, otherwise the patient goes
'rom bad to worse. The essential point In all
of them is the necessity of the cure of the focus
of the trouble, in the prostate. Many men .who
have unsuccessfully treated for a. , weakness
should now know the cause of failure. In our
experience there Is no drug In the- Phartna-
copea, taken Into the stomach, that will even
benefit this claca of cases. Our plan of treat-
ment is entirely a local one, and prompt result*
are obtained, as Indicated by increased circu-
lation and return of natural vigor. Our colored
chart, which we mall on application, is inter-
esting to any one wishing to study the anatomy
of the male.
Varicocele.
Varlcocele Is an enlargement of the most
vital blood vessels in man. In their normal
condition their function is to carry off waste
material, thus enabling the organs to recelva
fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking down
of the valves, caused by the paralysis of the
muscular coat of the veins, they become dilated,
ar.d local stagnation of the blood follows. Th«
vital nerves, being deprived of their proper
quality and. quantity of nourishment, weakness
is the result. . Statistics prove that 25 per cent
or the male population are afflicted with varl-
cocele in some stags of the disease. We guar-
antee to cure i varlcocele in one week at . our
office, or four weeks of home treatment, with-
out the uae of knife, caustic or ligature. W«
have cured over 2000 cases without b. single
failure or unpleasant result. We Invite cor-
respondence and the fullest investigation of our
method, and can refer to cured • patients If
desired.
997 MARKET ST,, Cor. 6th
HAH, WAY THAVSX. ,
CALIFORHIi HORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN -FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
¦ RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SV
San Francisco to San Rafael. '
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, - 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: "12:33,
,3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at: 1:5V
and ll:2u p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.-m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. . , ¦
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, ¦ 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. ' '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.;' 1:40, 3:40,
6:05. 6:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect - I ¦ Arrive .
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I - 1 Sun- 1 1 Week.
| Days. [ days.' f Destination. | days. | Days. '
7:20 am S:00 am Xovato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
- Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. . -' 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am . "
1 Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am [10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm ¦ . ¦ • . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. and ¦ .. ¦ ,¦ ¦¦
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ~~~ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:85 pm| 6:20 pm
,. Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla;at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. 'Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley"s, Bucknell's. .
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, \Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-:
port, Usal, Wlllits, Laytonvflle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, < Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. . '. : ¦ -
¦ Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at rt-
duced • rates. '. .• ¦ . ; •
On Sunday round .trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates, v
Ticket Office, 650. Market, street, Chronicler
: Building. -
H. C. WHITINO, .. * . r!,X. RTAN, /
• - ¦ Gen. Manager.' * •:;• • -,.Oen. Pass. Agt.-
Santa Fe Trains
Leave -Market-street Ferry Depot.
! Local ILim'dlOvrl'dl Local
I Dally I * I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Franl 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. [10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
J" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 pv
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 1 7:06 a
" Visalla... 3:40 p | 4:48 a
" Bakersrid 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. C'y 2:49 a I 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p j S:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 i. rn. train) is th» California Lim-
ited' leavlajr Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Care through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class*
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
4-20 p. tn. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
Voo' P. rn- Is tne Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclinlne Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:55
P '7-20* a. m." Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a, m. dally.
O ffl CP!= _C41 Market Btreet and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. .. .^^_^
ry^ '4ot ii mill ¦¦—¦! i ?y e y$
U "PATENTS 5
XS^330 MARKET bT.Sf.SSS^
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via SaosaUw Ferry-Foot of Market Bt.
uiviWNrMH. % \ anmvc mm nua
fe{-«1-»- WE^ DAYS.... ..J-fS'-"J-
8:00 a. M.1 f 12:15 p. U.
"9«0a. M. ld5F. M.
10.-00 a. m. 1 snNDAva J 820 p. u.
1130 A. M. ; SUNDAYS I 4;50f|1
120 P. M. 6:50 P. M.
230 p. M.J - I 7:10 P. H,
rare. Sag Fraaslsea to SobubU and Kctam. tl.M
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SatmlUo FeTry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
. . Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO HILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
12-45 *1:43 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. *6:lo, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundavs at 9:30 and 11:40 p. ia.
SUNDAYS^-7:00, 8:00, »9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m., 12:45, *l:30, 2:30, »3:45, 5:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not -run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27, 7:47. 8:35, 10:15
a. m.. *12:25. 1:15, 2:20, 'SiSo. 4:40, 5:30 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. -jn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *8:C0. 3:45. *11:00 a. m., *12
m., 1:00. 2:13, '3:30. 4:30. *5:43, 6:15, 7:30, 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43, 7:05. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00, 10:05, 11:10 a. m., 12:15.
1:20, 2:3C, 3:43. 5:00, 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. tn. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. .
8 a. rn. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . •:•;;,•'
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
XrmlBta !••:»» •• iititl m-r ilno lo nrrlt* »»
(ilaiu Line. Foot of Market Street)
hr.Avr. — 1 t.om Juke 16. 1901. — areiti
7:00a Benicia, Suisun, Klmira, VfccaTille,
Hutusey aud aacrkiuento O:t3p
1 :30a Martin??., Baa Itiinou, V&llejo. Kapa,
CaHBt'jf* huiI Kmita Rosa 0:S8r
*:OOa Davis, Woodland. KnigUta Laudiof,
M^RSTilie. Oro'iile 7:55p
8:00a A:iauii<: Ki press— Ogdeu aad East 12:25p
»:uua Xij«, Lithrop, tiwekton ?:S»r
»iti«j .\'ii«, Mradota, Hauford, Vis»Ii».
PorterTille 4:33*
8 :3« a ShatstA Express— Duvis, Willlami (for
Bartlett Gprinra), Willows, Ked
BlufC, Portlaud. 7:53jp
>i3tf Ban .'us*-. Livrrmorc, fitocktou,
luue, hkcraincnto. PlacerTillo,
-¦: M»rrn*li!«i. CUico, Ked MluB 4iS3r
' 8:30a Oakdaie. Chinese (Yosemlte), Bo-
nora. Carter* 4:23r
»:OOa Hayw&ri!, Kllesaud WafSUtiom.. 11:53a
9:<M»a VaUcjo I2:23r
«:»W» Lcs Augeies Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, Htookton, Merced
Vrtsuo and Loa Anreles 7tS3p
9:30a \\;:-i<:. ftlaniuez aim Way Htatlons ?>33r
I UiUUi The Orci-laud Ll». ited— Ogden, Den-
ver O:naha. Chicago S:S3r
tl:AOp -ia- ri.in-i.io )!i?er SutMUier* f3:O>A
3:30p Harwaru. Nil>-taud Way Htatlooi.. 7:33 p
4;»«r U>-u:ci6. Winters, liacrameulo,
V.' u <.<ll«ud. KuttfnU handing.
Sliuyavtll*-, Oruville I«:S3a
4:«er Marti lie-. Hut lUuioii, Tallejo,
Na,.i <V.i:,M.iiu.. Siuitaltona "'»3a
4:OOr Nile?., Livennore, Btockton, Lodi... 12:23r
4«3«r ll«yward,I>iii«f«, Kan Jute, LWtrranre t!»:tl3A
4t30p Port <\>f a. Tracy, Lathrop, btockton 1 <«:25a
¦ 3:UOf Xlie Omt Limited— freauo, Tulare,
ISakerKileM, Haugut fur limit a Bar-
Lura, Los Ajiceiea.... 8:S5a
SiOOr Martl'i* z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
oed. Fresno I*:25p
5:O»p VoBemlte lX:*3p
S:30r Sew Orleans Expre-p — Mendota,
Fresco, Bakenfield, Los Angeles,
Dtmlxig, £1 Paso, New Orleans
*nd E»st 7:33*.
6:OOp Hay ward, Kiles aud San Jose 7i53*
tB:O»r Vallejo 11:254
UiOUf Oriental Mail— *>gdeu, Cliejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:25p
fl:00rOrienUl Mail-Ogden, DeoTer,
fit. Louie. Cbicago 4:23p
T:OOp Orexon aud California ICx|>re**,Hk«-
rarn«iit s i MarycTlIle. I:«I.ll.. g ,
I'»r«.!hi><1. I'uKft Si.iinil and r.aet 8:33a
*:ii3pSan Pab'.o, I*'>rt Costa, Martinez
and Way Matloiis. v 11:25a
;*:O3r Vall^l'i 7;33p
COAST LiINE (X»rrotr Usmgc).
(Foot <>t Market Street.)
:?:43a Santa Cruz Excursion to flanU Cruz
fcud Principal Way SUtions i»:O5p
8:15a Newark. O'-nt.irrillp.fianJone.rrl ton.
I{(.ul<]crCr.«k.. < iaiit*Oriiiaiid\V»r
HUtions 3.30p
12sl 3r Hearaat, CenlerviSlo. San Jos*, H«w
A luiail«:i, Felloii. lt<tu!<l«r Creek.
Hanta UntC and l'riucipal Way
8taUo..s 12 ! 52 A
l:i.ir Newark, )S«n Joaa. lioe Gatos ts):»«»
e i;I3p Ol^nyood.BoulderCreefc.SantaOrot «w:5«a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIX t &A.SCISCQ— fool of lUrket Street (Slip 8)—
t7 10 9 00 11:00a.m. 1:S3 3:33 6:lEr.M.
rr«mU»£UII9— r««l»'Br«»d«»j.— 1«:00 ld:00 18*8
IU:00».ll. 12:C3 2:!3 l:C3f.«.
CO^VST L.1XE («r«.»d <;»ti&e).
(Thlnl »nd Towrusenil Stg.)
' <>:! «A ban Jose au.i Way HUtions. *i''i?J
47:«Oa HwJowswd \V»y KUUmi ,l'»!i P
r7:««»A New AIiiukIkii. ••••• /4:IOP
t7t3«A Sunday Excursion for Ban Jcee.
Hant* Crur.. I'.cific GroTe and
PriDcip«.l Way StatiouK :8:30p
l!'CiiiS«ii J<*c. Trea riuo«. H»nt» C'-riix.
Pacilio <ir<»e, Halinu, San Lnii
O1j:«i», SanU Barbara and Prln-
cj|«. iutermedi-te SUtimis * "30p
IW:3Oa Ban Jcae and Way (jUtion* i : lt r
I I ::i«IA Hail .)«.»•: itli«l Way SUtliMlS ..-..•-• »«3«P
ia:»»p rian Mat»-o, Itedwood, Meolo Tark,
Talo Alto. SauU Clara, Han .l«>»e,
Tres Piuo«, S«nU Cnw, SaJinM, '
Monterey an<1 J'aclfie GroTe 1IOi43*
U-.xnr San Joee and War Stations Os ?" A
4*:I5i-.San.Io«.ai..il»ri«cipal Way HtatJons ».-i»A
i3:OOrSan Jom, Los Gatos aud rrindpal
WayBUtions < B: ?2 A
3::i«p Ran.l<is»'an.i»'rincipanViijrfiUtlrmi 8:3oa
U:«M»f Itedvoid. «*a Jom. Giiroy. Balioas,
Santa Barhara. Lou Ao«relea 1O:OOa
«:OOp Dc-1 Jlonte, Monterey. Pacific Grove,
Loupoc IOiOOa
ii::i«r Ran .!<,«•. and May Stations fft:OOA
all;43p .San Jtmeaun Way SUtloiis tiZOr
A for Morning. P fnr Afternoon.
1 Sunday exwined. i Sunday only.
a narurday only. ¦., (Monday.
g Saturday «nl Stinflay. /Tnxdays and Fridays.
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifliiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiimin
[ SemMnnu^Glear^^
1 GOLDEN GATE I
[CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE |
g... UNPARALLELED SUCCESS OF THE ¦
S GREATEST SALE EVER MADE IN SAN FRANCISCO. 5
m ¦ . ¦ " "'•¦-¦.'.¦¦ui.'if-'. ¦'-¦'"-'¦ . ¦¦¦--' - ¦
g ; This Season's Productions ¦
g Tailor Suits, Jackets, Raglans, Skirts and Waists ¦
¦ At ; LOWEST PRICES EVER KNOWN. ¦
| g EVERYTHING MUST BE* SOLD— NO RESERVE, j
B Suits. Dress Skirts; ':, S
¦ $8 5b All-Wool Homespun Tailor $I Navy . Blue Stitched Walkinj? ]
g Suits, jackets and skirts fancv. • shirts '. 65c j
H 9^? 3 $3-5o Ali-Wooi*" Black" 'Cheviot ¦
S $ SE; ,f Cheviot s J*,°2 Skirts at ............. . ?1.05 B
Sp^aliii^L^? $7 a o irt Fa a ? cy Trimmed v i n 3 et i a s ¦
g ! Tailor Suits at ......... ?25.OO cut to... ....*14O5.JJ
5 Jackets, Waists and Petticoats ¦
¦ $7.50 Black Venetian Eton Jackets. ', ¦
H • edge braided and embroidered. $5.00 Silk Crepe Waists are now H
¦ at ...$3.95 $2.45 ¦
g $7.50 Tan Whipcord 'Jackets at $5.00 Peau de Soie Waists cut to £
§ ........$3.95 .....$2.45 ¦
m $5.00 Jackets, assorted stvles. at $1.75 Amisilk Waists on sale at . b
g .:.-. ...$1.95 . ...,95c 5
H $7.50 Tan Kersey .Box Coats, $1.00 Fancy Mercerized Waists at I ¦
¦ > large pearl buttons, velvet col- , ...' 45c ¦
g lars, at :..... ....$4.95 $5.00 Silk Petticoats cut to $2.95 ¦
g $12.50 Sill^ Grenadine Eton Jackets. $7.50 Silk Petticoats cut to $3.95 ¦
5 taffeta' silk lined, at .". $5.45 $10.00 Silk Petticoats, with em- j
¦ $20.00 Silk-lined '.Fine Kersey broidered accordeon pleated ¦
¦ Auto Box Coats reduced to ruffle, at !.....' $6.95 a
B , ........ $12.50 $3.00 Petticoats at .:. $1.45 >
¦ $5.00 Novelty Capes at... ..$1.45 $1.50 and $2.00 Pique Skirts, fancy B"
¦ $15.00 Fur Capes at $8.95 ruffle, closed out at 45c and ¦
¦ w $10.00 Golf Capes at. . . .. . .$5.95 ...65c ¦
¦ 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET, g
¦ " ; ' - '-- " ' ¦ - ' -- '¦¦,
BaBBBBHBagaBBBllHEHBBimHgKEaBBBHMBB«aaaMaMaB«a
ASniSZKZNTJL
SAN FRANQSCO OMAHA
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAY, SUNDAY MATINEE, JUNE 16.
..;.BE8T BILL IN YEARS....
ODELL WILLIAMS AND COMPANY
Presentins an Orisinal Farce by IVm. Gill, "THE JUDGE."
„ •. , SECO^ID .WEEK OF * .^
EZRA KENDALL
The Greatest Single-handed Entertainer' In the World.
First Appearance in America of the East India Pygmies. .
FATMA AND SMAUN ;
The Taller Measures Only Twenty Inches Hlgrh and Their Act Is Vaudeville" 8 Greatest
Novelty. . : "f-'.r.
COLE AND DELOSSE
Sensational ' '
ED LATELL LESTER REEVES
.Comedy Musical Artist. Eminent Barytone Singer.
GARDNER AND MADDERN DOHERTY SISTERS
Presentlns "A "Wife's Stratagem." Singers aad Comedienne!. ,
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH * :
Presentlnc Views of the . Pan-American Exposition.
' Parquet, 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children, 10 cents, any part «xcent re-
served. A few front Orchestra rows, reserved. EOcenta; front rows ol Balcony, reserred.
£5 certs.
*TiyiiLi*
MONDAY, JUNE 17,
SIXtH AND LAST WEEK.
. -The Musical and Comedy Furore,* ,
t TOY
*n "¦' '¦ ¦ * * " ''.
GET IN LINE EEFORE THE \
TOYS ARE ALL SOLD OUT !
B? Sure and Let the Children Sec the
Marvelous Toy Shop. ¦
ANOTHER ? 6DEAT TOY SOUVENIR
MATINEE. SATURDAY AT 2.
Every Child Present to Bz Given a
Pretty Toy.
. Monday, June 24th,
"BABES IN THE WOODSY
EVENINGS AT 8,
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION:
LOS GATOS.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION. PIONEERS
and SONS OF REVOLUTION.
MONDAY." JUNE ' 17.' . „':.
Train i leaves - Third '-: and •. Townsend - streets
9:15 a. m., stopping at Valencia' st.v " -\
Round Trip,. Jl:> Children, BOc. • For, sale at
depot \ morning of excursion. ¦ /
Weekly Call, >$l^per Year
' . AMUSEMENTS. |
ff*ft I fllifl DBA SAH FRANCISCO'S < j
y ULUnflESI A wm theatre !
Befttrninfe MONDAY '!
, LAST WEEK OF THE
HENRY MILLER
SEAS o'n
MONDAY AND TUESDAY NIGHTS AND
- WEDNESDAY MATINEE.
DARCY OF THE GUARDS.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT, ONLY TIME,
THE iMPOTANCE OF BclNB FARNEST.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND' SATURDAY/
NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
LAST TIMES IN THIS CITY
HEARTSEASE.
- ¦ ' I
l^yi«yiwaO§M LEADING THEATRE
¦-* '¦ ;
I ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY. |
i, , — : k
Limited Engagement, ' Beginning June 24th.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Direct From Its 150 Nights at the Garden
Theater, New York, the Scene of Its First
Introduction on Any Stage,
By Airangement With
DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's ; Founded on
Drama In 6 Acts 'OuHa'1 Cele-
and Nine Scenes. 1^ 1 brated Novel.
IJNDER/FLAGS
Presented Here f I Over One Hun-
Wltlj the Entire NT faj dred People In
Y. Company, Seen- iw the Stage Ac-
ery, Horses, etc. tlon.
Including Miss
BLANCHE BATES.
In Her Remarkable Creation of "Cigarette."
SALE OF SEATS BEGINS NEXT THURSDAY
I * • " ' :
QRAMD 1 OPEPJIA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY— Last Night of
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
'COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE in Sardou's
Stroncest Play.
" o-isaioisrD a.. »
First. Time on Any Stag*; at Popular Prices
A Souvenir Photograph of Miss Florence Stone
• Will Be Presented to Every One Attend-
ine the Saturday Matinee. " "
POPULAR PRICES-lOc. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
TO-NIGHT— SUNDAY.'
BONNIE PRINCE CHARLIE
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
ONLY MATINEE, SATURDAY.
Florence Roberts
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
FIRST TIME HERE. .:
JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA,
ORCHESTRA, FIRST SIX ROWS, 73c. .
BE IASCO A*n TriALEBjfojffW?
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
The . Fascinating Melodrama,
"JIM, THE WtSJSTfcRNcR."
nnifL-c Evenings ..; ..10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rJVlWCJ Matinees.......... 10c, 15c. 25o
TO-MORROW, MONDAY— IT IS TO LAUGH.
Nellie McHenry's Great Farce Comedy Suciess.
A NIGHT^T
THE CIRCUS
Fun from Beginning to End. Up-to-Date
Specialties: You'll Shout, Scream and Roar.
OLYMFIA <SES.f£s*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY. •
IONE,
A beautiful - woman presenting a' spectacular
'transformation act.. -
MISS MAUDE DE ALMA,
Vaudeville's cleverest soubrette.
MISS ADA^WEENEY,
America's noted soprano vocalist.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY. .
ADMISSION >REE.
CHUTES and ZOO
Special This Afternoon
PICKANIN§ MATINEE.
A Souvenir of the Qassman
Pickaninnies* to Every Lady
and Child.
Telephone for ¦ Seats— Park _ 23. . .
ITTQP WT?R'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
ribtn£iK & , Admission lOc. ;V
:¦'¦ CHARITY- MARTIN, . Sir. " Abramoff,": Para-
sko%-a, -. Sandoline, Erma: Wing,? the Juggling
Glllens. . Ed > B. '¦¦ Adams, the - Samayoas, Alice
Barnum and ¦ Stanley ' and Walton. ¦¦---. -- *y ?,;'
, -.Reserved Seats, -250.. Matinee Sunday.
REZESBBSBSSEEEISBBBIHHDBllBBBBBBIBBBaflBBBBaBI
I Dry Goods Company.
H ; '
S . : "
KS - ¦ .-•.'•
e . - . ¦ . ' ¦ . ¦
B - .
I ODD PIECES AND ODD SIZES.
1 LADIES' GOWNS, CHEMISES, DRAWERS
I and CORSET COVERS.
FS • ¦
q Balance of odd pieces from, last week's advertised Bargain. Sale will
¦ be again reduced from former prices
I ONE-HALF.
I CHILDREN'S GARMENTS.
EJ A lot of odd pieces in Children's Dresses and Skirts will be closed
B out at a reduction less than former prices of .
1 ONE-THIRD.
H
a CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
Pi UNION SQUARE.
B Mail and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
gESBHBggBHBHBBMEBHBBBBHBKBMBHBBBBHBBaHaBBMBl
RSJOiWAY TRAVEL.
I TKe finest scenery I
iiJ| You don ' t s° east EVERY da y- sl 1
P$Jj When you do go, go comfortably Q^^S^ > M
— via Denver and the Burlington g4§?' ra
fM " The time is ALMOST as fast as '%. ,«___i
the fastest and the service and seen- s^Z~£-^ t M
'£>*?:% cry are better than the best. vr^jg Lj^^^
Thro' standard slerpers, San Francisco to Chicago t£ Se ifiC-i 1 *^RM
2£&''"t3 r^~^~~"^"^^n daily. Thro' tourist sleepers Tuesdays JK S^ 5?S JShSJcH
V*-*L^!J - and 'Thursdaj-s— Omaha, Chicago, Kansas I ifKS;« thd RSrf 53
SaVi I tfff^F? Cit >' bt - Louis— EVERYWHERE east. | f» fr'l fe^ ««
''£&, y ! Tickets and berths at 631 Market St. S fc| 1L.1 |2 3
I ~%Mh^A W.D.SANBORN. General Aryt I F tM P^ k |
UNION COURSING PARK
JNO. GRACE. Judjie.
d AS. F. GRACE, Slipper.
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - - June 16. •
LADIES^ DAY
CHAMPION
A17F
CLAS8_EVEN 1 .
$1750— TOTAL PURSE — $1750
FOR > FREEDOM. PALO ALTO, ' SISQUOC.
IRELAND. WEDGEWOOD. 'LITTLE SISTER,
SIR FASH A" and other noted cracks to compete.
MUSIC BY VON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
.' TRAIN SERVICE. : y .
Leave Third and Townsend" streets 'lO:15. U
a. m.,-12 m. and 1 p. m., returning at 4:45 p. m.
and after the last course. . San Mateo electrlo -
can every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. LAJPI^S FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
"-'.'. OPENNIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. in.
Bathing from 1 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
» ' ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c. •
lyPALACE HOTTELr
-Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their he adauartera at these hotels en>
,' : Joy comforts and conv»nleac«s not to
be obtained el sew har». Destrabl a loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal »<J
cuisine. American* acd European plans.
-GRAND HOTEL.-
... ,, ..... — . ..«-.- ¦• — . , , j...THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIiV SUNDAY; JUNE 16, 1901^
28
TACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. m
Is notified that the funeral ceremonies A
of our late brother. GEORGE W. Xl Jt
JENKP, will be conducted by Oak /VN
Grove Lodge No. 217, F. and A. M., Alameda,
TO-DAY (SUNDAY). June 16. at 2 p. m.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. I. K. -f.
T., N«. 8 Post st.— Officers and mem- *Sfe*
be.rs are hereby notified to assemble tTJa
in the Asylum THIS DAY «SUN- <¦»
DAY), June 16, at 1:16 o'clock p. m..
tor the purnose of attending the funeral of
our deceased frater, SIR CHARLES PAL-
MKR CHESLEY. By order of the Com-
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
THE members of the Past Mas- __
ters' Afsxrlation, F. and A. J2)
M., of California, are requested fflft
to attend the funeral of our ff \i
late brother. CHARLES PAL- £ij»
MER CHESLEY, P. M.. of iJT^fX.
California Lodge No. 1, from IML * J)r\
Masonic Temple, THIS BUN- */ ££*<& V\
DAY, June 1C. IDOL at 1:15 *fejTnGjA:
o'clock p. m. By order of the \
President.
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
BUSINESS ¦ CHANCES— Continued.
$250 buys the lease and part of the furniture
! 3D- roomed lodging house on Main St.; rent $90;
furnished; clears $50 per month.
$1500— Established neighborhood , grocery. ¦ (the
property— store and . flat— fixtures, stable, well
and- all); cost $2400; street' work all .done;
good, reason for selling; a snap.* . ' ¦
- • » GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. "
V 1008 Broadway, Oakland.'
CHANCE TO GET A SNAP- "¦ ' " ¦"¦ -,"-¦ ¦
Grocery stock, scales and fixtures complete,
with rig, for $825; local train stops in front of
store;"rent only. $15; will Inventory If desired;
good reason for selling; look this up at once.
• - . ' GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., j
1008 Broadway, .Oakland.
CANDY and ice cream store cheap. 525 "Va-
lencia St.; atore and 4 rooms; rent $18.
SALOON for sale on account of death of own-
er; rent reasonable. 624 Seventh s£.
SMALL, coffee parlor; receipts $25 to $30 daily;
$350. Box 3506. Call office. ' •
"WELL-PAYING corner grocery and bar; no
agenta. Call 1016 Polk st. . v_ -
LIVERY boarding stable for sale. Box 3563.
- Call office. "
MILK depot for sale cheap. Call branch,' 106
Eleventh st. . \ , • .' , .
$600— GROCERY and bar; rent $40; lea«e If de-
sired; Western Addition. Apply WICHMAN,
LUTOEN & CO.. 318 Clay gt. ¦ y- <
CORNER- grocery and bar; five rooms; rent
paid until first of July; must sell Immediate-
ly; reasonable offer accepted; no agents. -314
San Jose ave.
RESPONSIBLE party. Intending: to reside per-
manently In . Germany, desires to represent
California firms In Europe; highest refer-
ences furnished. Box 3658, Call office.
GROCERY business, wholesale and retail;
stock, fixtures. ¦ horses and wagon ;¦ no bar;
for sale at a bargain. Box 3652. Call office.
FOR sale — A first-class saloon. - doing a good
business ;' gocd reason for selling. Address
M.. box 229, Petaluma. Cal/
SHOEMAKER shop for sale cheap; best* in
city; lots of work. Box 3661, Call office.
COFFEE " and chop house ¦ for sale; price $63.
217 Sixth st. ' ¦ - . '
ARE you ambitious to get Into a legitimate,
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal?. Here Is an opportunity; write us, inclos-
ing 25c, stamps or silver, for plan. . Excelsior
Company, 737 Market Pt.
BRANCH bakery and variety store;, good place
for man and wife. . 591 Fourth st.
MAN. with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433, Call office.
$250 — MUST sail; saloon; bargain; good reasons.
\ 640 Commercial St., 2 doors from Kearny.
FOR sale— Corner grocery and bar. Corner
Zoe and Freelon sts.
A— WAGON-MAKING and horseshoeing shop
for sale at a bargain. Call 404, Jackson st.
WE have some select oil land in Devil Den
district which must be ¦ sold. Further Infor-
mation West Coast Investment Co., Phelan
building. .
GOOD opening for barber shop ' and baths in
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
TO exenange — Alaska . developed 'mines for
property or buslneFS. 3O3'£ Turk st. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market pt.» and S Stockton *t.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers I
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains, j
17 rooms; rent $S0; 4-yr. lease; new fur., |
carpets; reduced to make quick sale...: $1600
11 rms.; rent $40; water, piano, swg. mch. 700 j
16 rms.; fine transient house; new fur...- 14u0 I
21 rms.: Post: rent $S5; fine fur.: sunny.. 2200 J
25 rooms; rent $110; fine location 1900
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent,
719 Market; rms 1 & 2, by the Call building.
It rooms; central; nice; clears $30 $S50
27 rooms: extra nice; rent $100; clears $150. $2900
13 rooms: Sutter; rent $41; income $55.. ...$550
50 rooms; cor.; rent $140; income $330 $3000
21 rooms; on Market; rent$75; pays well. .$1000 I
13 rooms; Geary st. ; extra nice; clears $6!iO. j
Pleare call at my -office for a list of hotels t
and lodging-houses: above are only samples.' j
WINSTON & WOLF, * j
1026 Market st
26 rooms; Mission St.: cheap rent $1600
S5 rooms; rent $S0: must see ..:..$S00
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $85 ,.$1200 !
18 rooms; rent $">0; only 800 J
20 rooms: central: part cash $1200!
500 others to select from.
j ATTENTION. BUYERS^
You may buy any rooming-house In
- the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 933 Market St.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $800; 35 rooms, price $1400."
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550. . !
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms; finely furnished: rent $30 1- $300.
If a bargain. w*e have them at any price.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, ¦
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth et.).
Phone Mint 1911. ¦ . '" •
18 ROOMS on Pine St., price $430.
9 rooms on Minna st., price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor St., price $7f>0.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price $1500.
Eureka Real Estate, 23 Sixth st.
FOR SALE— House 11 rooms on Taylor nt.
cheap if sold by July 1. Box 3C53. Call office.
20 ROOMS, newly furnlslW: 3. years' lease;
$4S0. Apply at 105 New Montgomery Ft.
SPIRITUALISM. "
A HIGHLY esteemed lady of this city has
recently developed remarkably clear psychic
power; friends declare her diagnoses of oil
and mineral lands absolutely correct and ad-
vice trustworthy; yielding to requests read-
Ings will be given (by appointment) to the
interested; excellent references. Address box
3677. Call office. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
- lnes ore: oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats cures «lck; cancer removed without
use of knife. J164 O'Farrell, rr. Gough; Ellls-
st. car: fit.: $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the I
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in ¦
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths; |
unites the Feparated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed./ Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister st. .
DR. WHEELER. ¦ the medium, wishes to an-
nounce to the public his departure for about a
month. Upon his return he. win locate per-
manently here. • .-; -' ' i ' '
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles • Tuesday
and FViday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings daily, 50c. ;
JOHN PLATER-Circles 25c. Mon.A Fri. eves.,
8:15; Wed. afternoon, 2:45; sittings daily.' 10
'to 4. except Sun. 1809 Stockton." nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room" 14. 305 Larkin
et. : tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a..m. to 6 p.m.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and healer. 146 Eddy st. - ¦
MISS DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 1027ft
Market et., room 9.
SPHINXIA, P. O. box 2165, S. F.; questions
answered, 10c each. >
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth. »t..rm. 12; circle
.every evening, 10c; sittings daily, 25c and 50c.
SEE Watson, celebrated palmiFt and clairvoy-
ant. 1079 Market St.: full' reading, 50c. ¦
KATIE HEVSfSAIANN, 136 West Mission Ft.,
nr. 13th— Circle Fri. eve., 25c;. sittings dally.
Mrs. Glllingham, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.;
Fri.. 10c. 305 Larkin. Wed.,Sat..Oakld..532 22d.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis •• St.— Readings
dally; seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. .^ij^u.-^'i**-
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: ulttlngw daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MADAM MONTAGUE.
-WONDER WORKETt.
The greatest clairvoyant, palmist' and ex -
. pounder - of scientific, secret and -psychic
truths that govern the world; tella names,
facts. 1 dates and figures. She reunites the
separated and causes | congenial, and happy
* marriages: gives luck and removes evil infiu-
. ences. spells, and places you in - possession of
your heart's most Innate and. Intense desires.
Consult her; she never fails; tells more, does
more than all others combined. Letters of
information answered containing stamp.
. Hours. 10 a.m., 8 p.m. 1382 Market St., opp. 7th.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~ '•-. •.
THE FAMOUS . . .'
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third fit., next Examiner bldg. She
.reads your life, correctly, gives an. accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and protrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. , If you are in trouble, discontented, • un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or "have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told I how to overcome
them." Valuable advice In all affairs oft life;
25c up; perfect satlsf action, guaranteed.'.;;-; ,, -
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known . tra'nee
medium, is permanently located ¦ at 1206 Mar-
ket 'st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
" 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet with
... special i terms. " Dally and Sunday. ¦•- . . " , M . " ¦ „»
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card'
reader, born • with" double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
SAN FRANCISCO Consistory
No. 1. Ancient and Aceeptwl j^/Vfl«/^^
Scottif-h Rite o£ Fret-mason- /CT*rv£\&?"r\
ry— -Officers and members are {Yi>tS»iJ^lLi-j
requested to assemble at W f-,Wr* /»J
Commandery Hall, Masonic v-r&T&rr-t
Temple, on SUNDAY, June A%Drv
18. 1801. at 1 o'clock p. m.
to take part In the funeral "t
obsequies of our late brother, CHARLES
PALMER CHESLEY. 32 degree.
FRANK B. LADD, Master of the Kadosb,
HENRY BURNER, Registrar. «
MEETi:VG NOTICES
MEETI>"GS— Universal Brotherhood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League, hu-
manitarian dept. of Universal Brotherhood
Organization— Meeting Tuesday, June 18. 8
p. m.. at U. B. Hall, 310 O'Farrell St.; sub-
ject. "So-called Savages"; musical selections;
all invited; meeting to-night for members
only. • ¦
EDWARD EARt-E'S grand test seance to-
nightT 228 Ellis «t.
MRS. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night. 10c; Fit-
tings daily. 148 Sixth st., room 32.
FREE lecture on palmistry, with free readings
for all, at 8 this evening. 423 Ellis st.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay: c'rcles to-
night and Wednesday. 8; Tuesday. 2 p. m.
MRS. EVANS. 120 Sixth; dr. to-night. $ p. m.
10c, and every eve. but Thur.; readings dally
MRS. GILLINGHAM-Spiritual meeting 8 p.m.;
10c; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin; tk. elv.
•W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c 148 Sixth st., 2d floor.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
night. 8 o'clock. 60c. 1084 Bush; tel.2275 Larkin.
MRS. STODDARL/S convincing tests to all:
10c; Sunday. Tuesday; readings dally. 278 9th.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-nleht. 605 McAllister; 10c; come,
skeptics.
MRS R. S. LILLIE to-night in Occidental
Hall. SOS Larkin et.; ilr. Gillespie. Mrs.
Cook; music.
MRS. EBERHABD'S test meeting to-night.
10c. S250 22d Bt., bet. Mission and Valencia;
tel. Blue 954.
MATERIALIZING eeance to-night; readings
ana spirit photoe; Sundays ll;to 2. ARNOLD
DICKSON. 148 Sixth St.
JOHN ELATER— Grand test seance to-ntfcht.
6:15 sharp; Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin st.; tests
and meesagec; admission, 10 cents.
MRS. SHRINER and Griffin, well-known re-
liable mediums, will hold a test seance to-
night; all invited; 10c. 2S9 Hyde st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN (nee Lottvity). former-
ly of the Mission, spiritual medium; sittings
daily; circle to-night; also Friday eve.} 25c.
186 West MUeion et., near Thirteenth.
I. F. T. Bible Spiritual Church meeting, 900
Market Et. ; 11. free; 2:30 and 8 p. m.. 10c;
Mrs. Seeley. Maxwell. Swarn. Willsin. others;
election for president and director July 7.
AA— Dr. J. Depew" Kerg-an lectures this even-
in* at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle. 909 Mar-
ket. Subject: "The Philosophy of Death"; to
be followed by magnificent vIowe of ancient
Rome. Those attending may procure free
tickets to X-ray exihlbition at sanitarium
next Tuesday eve'e: peats free; no collection.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
THE TheoEophieal Society— Public meetings
held every Sunday in Odd Fellows' building
will be discontinued until Sunday, August 4,
at 8 o'clock.
HOME of Truth (practical Christianity). 1231
Pine rt.. near Hyde— Sunday services. 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Weekly meetings, Mon-
day, S p. m. and Tuesday, 3 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED by ' a . competent Nova' Scotia ; Prot- .
. estant ¦ woman, cooking and ' r housework " in
' private ; family. Call ¦ 1522 Polk st. ••¦¦;" r . ¦•.*•¦-
ENGLISH woman wishes situation as'a flrst-
' class cook: ¦ home more of an object than
waees. : Box 3681, Call. ¦. . - . ;-. r. ¦'¦ ¦ v
EXPERIENCED lady wishes position to care
, for ¦ baby or "child. Call between 6 and 7
o'clock p. m., room 24, 122 Taylor st. .
COMPETENT nurse desires position; $1 a day;
reference given. Call .at 767 Folsom st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper.
| Call 827 A Howard St.. room 3. ¦
YOUNG lady wants position j as housekeeper.
Room 15. 827A Howard ! st. .'¦..,¦¦• • ¦' ¦ * ¦ ¦ ¦'
A REFINED colored woman, thoroughly com-
. petent as nurse, wishes situation to . wait on
.doctor or doctress; either private or institute;
city references. Box 3669, Call office. ,
WOMAN would like to do housework by the
day; also washing. 725 Broadway, bet. Pow-
ell and Stockton sta. ¦ '
WANTED— In Oakland, by a reliable girl, a
place* as nurseeirl or light second work; ref-
erences. . MISS LUCETTA, station B, East
. Oakland. ..,¦-.¦'' '¦¦.¦¦¦
YOUNG German woman wishes to work by the
day; washing or housework. ; Please call at
17 Minna st. '. ¦¦"¦ ¦¦ ¦ '-. ' '
DRESSMAKER with the best references; en-
gagements by day: fancy or tailor/ dresses;
work taken home. 10 Metcalf „ place, near
Mason St., oil Geary. '
A GOOD lady will go out by the day; washing,
ironing and house cleaning; wages $1. ". MRS.
BON WAY, 1412 Mason St. ; - -
.WOMAN wishes situation by the day; 85c. Ad-
* dress box 2306, Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. MRS.
GEE, 235 Hickory ave. . .;
CHEF cook and wife want work in summer re-
sort or hotel; wlCe as housekeeper; white, so-
ber and reliable. Address box 3507, Call, jj
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do ltgjit
housework; assist care of child; city or coun-
try; references. Box 35C8, Call office. £3
A WOMAN wants to assist In housework by
tha week at 50c a day. Box 3561, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants washing or ironing or
' housecleaning; good: worker. Please call or
address 323 Langton st. "
GERMAN woman wants any kind of day
work ; experienced . laundress. Call 454A Min-
na st. •
DRESSMAKER ' and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 7Sc a day or $4 a week. G. F., box 3568,
Call office. ¦ . ¦ . ¦•..-..¦
AMERICAN woman wants situation general
work or cooking; wages $25. Address Cook,
822 Linden St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED Danish woman wishes situa-
tion in small boarding house- or family In
country; no washing. Address P. O. box
146, San Mateo, Cal.
LADY would like a position as housekeeper In
family or hotel ; city - or country. Address
K., Golden West Hotel, San Francisco.
TWO experienced nurses would like the care
of an invalid or insane person. Box 3651,
Call office. -
LADY wishes work: upstairs work or making
beds at a hotel. Call 100 Fifth st.
LADY wiphea to take In plain sewing or go
out by the day. Call 1136 Howard st.
A YOUNG. .lady wishes work in an office dur-
ing mornings and evenings in exchange for a
room. Box 3642. Call office.
GOOD cook wishes situation in small family;
references: no postals. 7 Hunt St., off Third.
! LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
PLAIN sewing and gents' mending at home.
150 Fourth st., room 7.
JAPANESE girl wishes a position to do plain
cooking and housework. Please call at 554
Geary st. ...
JAPANESE hon;st, faithful girl wants situa-
tion in family as houseworker or plain cook-
ing; reference. Box 3659, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third si., near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1.50 per night: $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, . single, for private
1 family; neat, appearance; sober; use no to-
bacco; willing and" obliging; good horseman
and driver; many years with same employer;
undeniable reference: wages $45 and found.,
Address by mail M. M.. 221 Sixth st.
SITUATION wanted by sober, industrious stn-
i gle man; understands care of horses, rigs,
lawn and is very handy around private resi-
dence; good references. Box 3644, Call office.'
YOUNG man, good habits, living home, wishes
clerical position; bookkeeping preferred; can
give references. Address box 3664, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged man wishes em-
ployment; all-around man; handy with tools,
horses and garden ; can also , nurse. Address
. box 3C49, Call office. ¦• [
WANTED — By steady man, a position to learn
the barroom business. Address box 3663, Call.
YOUNG man desires position as hotel clerk;
some hotel experience; references. Box 3665,
Call office. V ">1
WAN.TED — By thoroughly competent man of
experience, with good references, a position
as working foreman of fruit ranch. Box
3501. Call office. ' /
BARTENDER wishes steady place;, city or
country. Biz, 1114 Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' cloaks and
suits wishes a position in city. Box 3558, Call.
GOOD nurse wants position to go out; have
had eight , years' experience; can gl"* first-
class references. Address box 3303,
WANTED by married man— Position as en-
gineer; I can handle direct current dynamo*
and Ice-making machinery; can erect and do
all kinds, of repairs on engines; good refer-
ence if necessary. Box 4229. Call office.
POSITION • by middle-aged man; understands
the care of horses and cows, and also run
gasoline engine; willing and obliging. C. K.
SYKES. 869 Market st. ¦¦'. .
WANTED— A position as assistant bookkeeper
or collector; very well acquainted in city; can
give good references. • Address box 3635, Call. I
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation to do I
housewcrk or handy about- place; handy
with, tools or good orchardist. • Box 3640, Call.
$50— A SITUATION as collector, office man or
. salesman: will give $50 to- any one securing
me e position." Box 3603. Call, of flee.
COACHMAN, first-class family man, seeks
engagement with good pay. Address S. A. P.,
box 2254, Call office, Oakland.
GOOD cook, meat and pastry: hotel or restau-
• rant; country preferred. Box 3633. Call office.
EXPERIENCED steady grocery clerk wants
position. Box 2636. Call office. - ,' .
LAST notice— To all who have pawned . goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. . ' • .. -
MAN with family wants to take charge of
stock ranch. Box 2255, .Call office, ., Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale dry
goods and gents', furnishgs. '100SV4 Market, r. 4.
FIRStTcLASS chef woulcUike position in res-
, taurant or lunch counter (non union). Ap-
ply C. F.K.; 52 Clara. St., next to grocery. -' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore ?t.
.: EXCH-HIVGE^
EXCHANGE ami sale office, 321- Phelan bWg.-.
Market St.— Send particulars of anything you
¦have for exchange, sale or. want; reg.H'.rntlon
free; Insurance and; loans. - - ". .¦.
4S0 acres timber land; 50.C00.CCO ft. 80 acres,
Riverside; small - orchard homes,-. San Jcse;
choice residence lots In Chicago, : rare snap;
house, etc., . Alameda, $7500; Interest in ore
desulphurlzer and other patents; horse ; and
buggy; $10,000 Oakland lots for buslne«3 prop-
erty; state your wants, large or small. .
EXCHANGE— Proven oil. lands or stock * f or
printing material' or anything valuable. Box
3646; Call office. ." . . : ;
, FINANCIAL.
FOR sale— 350 shares (all or part) Abbey Mound
(Olivet Cemetery) at 95 cents. Address box
3667. Call office. . .
';,-; ". .¦ ; \ FLATS TO .'¦ LET. ; , "" '
A— 20 NEW ! flats.' ' . 'i >, 5 new houses— " '
5 r.; 416 Clayton.. $21 8 r.; new; 11S0 Ellls.$40
: 6 r.; new; 569 O'Far- S"r. ;' new;- 2414 Van
rel."...'. ; 35 Nees ...:.:......:... 45
3 r.; 648 Jessie.'..'.. 10 6 r.; 1105 Page....... 13
6 r.; fine; 3616 16th. 20 5 r.; 3 Pine pi... 15
Apply < A: M. ; SPECK & CO. . 667 Market st. .
THREK nice: sunny .'.flats; -newly papered and
painted;. 3 and 4 rooms. " 647. 649 and 653. Jes-
, eie st.V nsar Seventh; J12 and $15., ¦ :.'
LAST 1 notice-rTo ¦ all who I have 'pawned goods
, with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. "• v : v .' ' >
APPLY Sutter. 230O— 6 sunny, rooms; appreciated
•If seen; $22 &0; ; water free; please. Investigate.
A FLAT of ;5' rooms;: rent -cheap." -At 9 Boyd
'.-st.*; >, between. Seventh -and' Eighth." , .
A s CORNER 'flat .of ¦ 8 rooms and bath. . 1306
;^, FuUon:st;^ ; :r; ; ;^ ;.';-;!. C;--,-.X: ; ;^-.;.. -.- .,: ¦; , ; \-
THE First Mental Science Temple meets at 8
p. in. Instead of mnrnlns for this Sunday, in
Golden Gate Hall, 62". Sutter st. Eugene Del
Mar will deliver bis remarkable lecture on
"Self " Everybody invited to hear him.
Beats free. Collection will be taken to pay
expenses.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter st., between Kearny gt. and
Grant ave.— ChriFtiar. Science Bible lesion at
11 a. m.: subject. "God the Preserver of
Man." Sunday school for children at the
came hour: Wednerday evening meeting at
% o'clock. Free reading-room. 206 Kearny St.,
room 610. All are welcome.
SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST CHURCH. 914
Leguna St., bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
ave. — Elder C N. Martin, from Sacramento,
speaks to-night at 7:30 o'clock. Subject:
"Evidences of the Christian's Acceptance
With God." The public invited to attend;
twats free.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, corner
Post and Mason ets.— Rev. George C. Adams,
D. D.. pastor, will preach at both services.
At 11 a. m., theme. "Without God In the
World." At 7:45 p. m.. theme. "Perfect
Peace." All are cordially invited.
FLATS TO I'BT-^ojotlnjne^U^
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale. 4 rooms and
bath. 411 Ellis st. ¦' -' ' -
FEW steps from City Hall. 2 fine, flats. 5
rooms and bath. . 10 Grove »ty.,_ ¦ .
FLAT— 5 large rooms, modern, partly fur-
nlshed; all carpeted; rent $22. 568 Capp at.
459B Halsht, nr Fillmore: flat of four sunny
rooms, yard and basement: $13., ' ,
LINDEN ave., 509. near Laguna st.-Flat of 3
rooms;- rent $9. - ' ¦ '. '
SUNNY flat; 5 rooms, bath. 16 Metcalf place..
. off Geary, between Mason' and Taylor. .
SUNNY lower; 6 -rooms and bath; sanitary
plumbing; rent $25. 945 Hayes st. •
TWO elegant modern flats:' five rooms and
bath; $17 and $20. 214 Chattanooga St.,
UPPER flat of 4 rooms. ' 403 Oak st., corner
¦ Lazuna. . .
WALLER, 609, near Pierce— Fine sunny upper
flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $40; water free.
$20— Center Mission warm belt; modern lower
five-roomed fiat; yard. 3438 20th, nr. Howard.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY upper flat on Oak st., near Ashbury;
. rent $40 to responsible party. Box 3602. Call.
TO let — Furnished 7-room sunny flat for 3
months ; $40 per month. 1S09 Devlsadero St.
ELEGANT furnished flat, 5 rooms, bath. 1221
Laguna st. corner Ellis. .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture. 7-room flat; carpets, large
mirrors, valuable paintings and statuary.
Box 3E57, Call. '
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A SNAP— Nine- room house, nicely furnished;
must be sold. Call morning, 3S9 Geary st.
FOUR-room flat complete at a bargain. 521
Franklin st. 1
7 ROOMS brand new furniture for sale. 807
" Valencia fit. .
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, " etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. ,
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. .Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, same springs, start Monday.. $20
2 waitresses, springs, see party here $29
2 waitresses. Lake County, fare paid $23
Waitress and chambermaid to wait.
springs $20
Chambermaid to wait, mountain resort,
fare paid $23
20 waitresses, commercial and city hotels
I $20 and $25
3 cooks, resort and country hotels — $35, $45
Pantrywoman, watering resort $25
. Ironers, manglers and inexperienced help..
$25 and $45
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook, Oregon, $30 and fare paid; pri-
vate family cook, Santa Barbara, $25 and
fare paid; 10 places for cooks and housegirls,
different parts of the State, $20 and $25;
cooks, housegirls, second girls, nursegirls,
• city, $10, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— PANTRYWOMAN, watering resort. $25;
call to-day (Sunday). C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. i
A— 3 WAITRESSES, springs. Lake County,
fare paid; call to-day (Sunday): start Mon-
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— A large number of girls for gen-
eral housework, . cooking, waitresses for
country hotels and resorts, and many orders
for different kinds of work too numerous to
advertise; call early Monday. Apply to J.
! F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MRS J M E. DAY ..Phone Main 1575
'. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for springs, mountain and coast
resorts, city and country hotels, the very
best positions on the coast, $20, $25; all fares
one way: many of them both ways. MRS.
- M. E. DAY, 335 Geary St.
WANTED— A lady who is first-class In hair-
dressing and manicuring; one who can bring
some trade and one who is not afraid to so-
licit new trade; to such a person an Inter-
est in the business will be given. . Apply 34
Kearny st.. room 12. ¦ . .
WANTED— One lady to mall or superintend '
distribution of circulars In each town of
United States; good pay; permanent employ-
ment. Address, with stamp. Mrs. M. Sum-
mers. Notre Dame. Ind. .
A FEW experienced operators and a number
of bright girls to learn. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, Gough and Grove sts.
TYPEWRITING and bookkeeping 1 taught in
exchange for services two hours each day.
Address Accountant. Box S662. Call.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced cloak
' and suit saleswoman. Apply to manager
cloak department. The Emporium.
WANTED— Milliner or dressmaker who has
owned her own business and who wishes to
better herself. Box 3666, Call. «'
GIRL for general housework: must be good
plain cook. Apply after 6 Sunday_ evening,
405 Hayes Bt^ -
GIRL tor general housework; wasres $20 per
• month. 400 Geneva ave.. opp. S. F. & S. M.
new carhouse.
A YOUNG girl to care for two children: call
Sunday and Monday. 1S16 Baker st.
GIRL for light housework and assist with chil-
dren: apply Monday. 1938 Bush st.
GiRL for light housework, small family. Ap-
ply aftsr " to-day 786 Capp St.
cbilPET FNT stenographer and typewriter for
¦_ a who!' tale house. Box 3668,- Call office.
WANTED— First-class laundress. 117 Corbett
ave.. S. F. ¦ -
A . STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wanted
. ot room 315, Call building; small salary.
BRIGHT young girl of 15 to assist. in book-
keeping In factory. "723 Market st.. room 25.
(OPERATORS to work in factory on ladles' and
. children's wear. 723 Market St.. room 35.
OPERATORS to take work home on ladies'
and children's wear. 723 Market St.. rm. 35.
IRONERS wanted on ladies' and children's
wear. " 723 Market »t.. room 35.
FINISHERS wanted on pants; steady work.
HENRY HILP, 1C6 Battery at. ¦
WANTED — Six experienced lunch waitresses at
CLINE'S Creamery. 413 Market st. .
WANTED — Young lady to attend shooting gal-
lery. 523 Pacific st. '
FIRST-CLASS operators on .vests. BELASCO-
H ARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GIRL for l'ght housework and plain cooking.
2620 Sacramento st. .
MIDDLE-AGED German or Swedish woman to
- care . for sick person. 711% Ellis st. . ,
YOUNG girl wanted to i learn dressmaking at
MME. NELSON'S, 1017 Geary st.
WANTED— Bright, ( capable lady to travel and
appoint agents: muFt be In good health, un-
incumbered and furnish first-class references;
salary. $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sltlon permanent; no experience necessary.
_ Sales department, 9C0 Star bldg, . Chicago.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and ! apprentices on
custom-made coats. Apply Metropolitan
¦Tailoring Co.. 947 Market st. ¦
WANTED— Bright girl from 8 to 10 years old
to raise or adopt. J. c'.,.631 Thirty-fourth
St.. Oakland. " •
FIRST-CLAPS operator on vests. -- BELASCO~
HARRIS CO., 641 Market st.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
-•'tyV F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott tnlldinx.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
' overall factory, 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to
; MR. DAVIS. . , .
LAST- notice— To all who 'have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
' redeem them. « • .'¦¦-. ' ;,..'..'
APPRENTICE for halrdressing at G. LED-
ERER'S, 123 Stockton st. >
GIRL . 14 tr> • 16 year* to assist housework in
,-, family.,' Box 3623.' Call office.
WANTED-2 first-class lady 'ironers; one of
them must be be ablrf to run shirt machine:
,- wages, ironer. • $3ft atid : found: : polisher ' $35
and found. : N. JOENSEN. Woodland. Cal. ¦
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators-
• best prices. HEYNEMANN & CO., 41<% Mia-
' stan Et. - . " ,¦¦'.•¦;¦ ', ; -.'¦¦-. -.¦.-., , •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.. subscriptions --has been established at 1096
'Valencia st. ' - •' • ¦ -.
V^^_HEJ^^VANTEb— MALE.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 KearnyTP
; . ;' . wants - carload . of " laborers for " R." • R. work
free fare; 60 men a day for lumber mills; 10
:., laborers; for city. r ¦; ¦ .-
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
' ?£?Xo Al ?Sl y «/ ro J 1 8 ' to 10 ' a - xa - at HALE
BROS., 973 Market st- - , t, « v, -
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Oeary and- Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebbins. minis-
ter emeritus; Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday school
le at 10 o'clock: the morning service is at
U o'clock. Re\". Burt Estes Howard of Stan-
ford University will preach; subject. "Salva-
tion"; mufic by quartet choir; Sunday school
closed during vacation. All are cordially in-
vited. There 1s no evening eerviee.
VNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth ets.— Rev. E. F. Dinsmore.
minister. Morning theme, "A Vacation
Vision"; eveninc theme, "The Battle ol
Bunker Hill." These are the dosing services
pnor to the vacation. Church and Sunday
school will reopen August 4.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento et.— Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
D.D.. and Rev. Wm. K. Guthrie, minister*..
Service at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday
tchool at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:3*
p. ra. DR. MACKENZIE will preach In
the morning on "Business and Religion," and
In the evening on "Impressions From a Re-
cent Trip Abroad."
Although Dr. Mackenzie has resigned the
formal pastoral relation of this church, he
will continue to preach ae usual, while the
pastoral care and responsibility of the parish
art assumed by Rev. , Mr. Guthrie. Both
ministers •will continue to serve the church
permanently.
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian
churches worship together, corner California
and Octcvia sts. — Services, 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. Rev. George G.^ Eldredge will preach.
fab bath school and Mr. Johnston's Bible
class at 12:30; Christian Endeavor. 6:30 p. m. :
Wednesday evening service, 8 o'clock. All
cordially invited.
TRINITY -Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—The Rev. Fred W. Clampett. D. D.. rector.
Holy Communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m.; morning
service 11: evening prayer. 4 o'clock; Friday
service. 11 a. m.. lor army and navy; the
rector ¦will preach.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. MIs-
elon St.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
D. HutsenpUler will conduct services and
preach at 11 o'clock on the topic, "Some
Things God Ha* Done for My Soul," and at
8 o'clock on the topic. "America's Moet Com-
mon Sin and Its Only Remedy." Sunday
school. 12:45; Rolla V. Watt, superintendent;
young people's meeting. 6:20. Everybody wel-
come.
1 AT THE STRAhOERS" SABBATH HOME
I (643) Howard ~t. Methodlst-Episcop« ;
5H Chinch Bet ad & 3d Sts. Seats Free.
It R«v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
1 1 1 1 *> R es - b y the Church. Tel. Black ««?*.
iU, • TsLL All! lurtcous greeting; } Await yO»
*n'^;}A UlMiaiH-eironne -•
Trg-rtjf 11 A. M.. short FPrmon. gospel
n'£3M-!S- theme; offertory; solo by the cele-
Sifil^l?'T^ brated barytone, Mr. Lenifertte:
E.TKOM.M* 1 j2;3o, Sunday school and pastor's
Bible class for strangers: 6 p. m., young peo-
ple's rally: 7:30. popular song sen-ice, short
Eerviee and after meeting; offertory: Instru-
mental 60I0.
CHURCH SE 1^^^
A-MURRAY& READY Phone Main 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Special to-day (Sunday)— Office open 3 a. m.
Ra.?lroad 1 'work....Free fare.-.. We ship to-day
150 laborers. SP R R Co.'s own work. Los
Angeles and Santa Barbara division. .free faro
For a new mine; see boss here to-day; 5 ma-
chine miners. 2 firemen. $60; 3 furnacemen
$42 and found; 10 laborers. $34 and found; all
for the same mine; 6 machine miners. $3 day;
15 muckers, $60 and found; 10 laborers for
mine J* 50 day; " 8 laborers, mine. $30 and
found- part fare paid; 175 laborers for differ-
ent mines. $1 75 to *2 50 day. Asphalt miners
f-10 mlnera for asphalt mine. $60 and found:
' see boss here; fare returned: 6 single hand
miners. $75; 10 quarrymen. fare aOc, steady
Job $60. MECHAXICAt , HELP.*.
Wagon maker and woodworker, country shop,
$' 50 to $3 day; blacksmith, no shoeing, coun-
try shop? $3 day. see boss here to-day (Sun-
day)- 10 carpenters for a new mill company.
$60 and found: 4 carpenters, country, $3 day:
5 ranch carpenters, rough, work. $40 ands
' found: 5 carpenters' helpers. $40 and found;
5 blacksmiths, different country shops j. »- o(>.
S3 and $2 day 4 -ranch blacksmiths, |ov ana
$60 and found: 3 blacksmiths' helpers, safe-
maker, $2 50 day: carriage- painter, country
shop; wood-turner and band sawyer, planing
cCitry 3 S3 day"?" hoTdTr £ £& 2%
HELP
Farmer and wife, ranch, $1 fare^ fcO; man
and wife, harvesting crew long Job, $oft
FARMS. HARVEST. DAIRIES
5' men to work In hay field large ranch, near
city. $40 and found; header, wagon drivers
and loaders. $2 day and found; lto men to
work In hay and harvest fields, etc^. M 23
$150 $175 and $2 day and found, lo ranch
teamsters. $30. $35 and $40; 4 teamsters, haul
hay $40- 37 farm, orchard and vineyard
hands. $26. $30 and |33; 15 choremen and boys,
private places and ranches. $30. f 23 and ICO,
19 milkers and butter-makers, $3o and M.
SAWMILLS YARDS .......WOODS
10 more laborers for a new mill and lumber
company, no experience reauired to work In
mills, yards and woods, steady Job.............
' J $35 to $65 and found
LYnemen' and" "jackscrewers for tha woods.
Sonoma County. $30 and $35: crosscut sawyer,
free fare: men to work with donkey engine.
loggers. $10 •• •
WE PAY FARE.. 10 laborers, no experience,
for sawmill and lumber company. $26 and
10 laborers, city, $27 50, board and loaxinK:
150 laborers, city and country, $1 7o and $3
day; 5 teamsters, city. $32 BO and found: boya
for machine -shop. $1 50 day; wood-choppers
for the mines, tools furnished.
Working foreman, vineyard and fruit ranch]
see boss here.
.....BUTCHERS— HOTEL DEPT....w....j
Butcher, country .shop, near city $50; all-
around butcher. 75c fare, easy Job, $30 anci
found; 7 butchers, $30 to $60; 2 waiters for a
mine experience not necessary. $25; cook' a
helper, mine, $30: 6 bakers. 9 cooks, laundry
help; waiters, country; porters, etc.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A.... TO-DAY. SUNDAY -
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M «
AT C..R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
- FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
50 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare..Trucke«
60 laborers, ship to-night, free fare....Truoke«
ICO tunnelmen drillers and muckers.. $2. $3 50
For Chatsworth Park.. Ship to-night. fre» fara
50 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
Laborers, Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
Ship to-night Free Fare Ship to-night
50 teamsters, ship daily, free fare Uklah
5C laborers, ship daily, free fare Uklah
Engineer, country hotel. $45 and found, steady
position: 4 six-horse teamsters to haul grain.
$1 50 a day and board; 10 laborers for brick-
yard, country, $2 a day; 6 asphalt miners, $3
a day and board; 10 teamsters for an orchard.
$26 and board; farmer and wife. $40; 8 labor-
ers for coal mine, $2 a day; 6 railroad section
hands, $1 70 a day; blacksmiths, $2 50 and $3;
screwturner. $45; 6 lumber pflera, $35, for
country sawmill > ranch foreman, $35; fanners,
milkers, choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel. $50; lunchman, city, $40;
waffleman, country hotel, $40; second cooks,
fryers and broilers. $60 to $70; potwasner,
country hotel, $35 and fare paid: vegetable-
man, springs. $20 and fare advanced; pantry-
man, summer resort. $25: 10 dirhwashers.
potwashera and kitchen hands. $25 and $30;
waiter, country club. . $45: omnibus, country i
hotel. 125: plain laundry man. hotel. $35.
C. R. HANSSX & CO 104 Geary st.
A— HEAD porter for large hotel, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405. V *
B0 railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 per day.
Free Fare! Free Fare! Free Fare I
10 men for mills and woods; free fare.
4 tiemakers: ship to-day; free fare.
8 lumber pliers,- $35 and $45 per mo. and bd.
5 rough carpenters. $2 60 per day.
70 men 'for harvest fields; $2 per day.
', 10 laborers. $14 per week: to-day.
' Teamsters, drillers: }2 25 per day.
4 woodchoppers, pine, $1 23 per cord.
10 men to ballast track; $2 per day.
1 first-class powderman; $2 50 to $2 73 per day. .
Man to milk 20 cows; $30 per month.
3 laborers for .country: no blankets.
10 men for harvest; $2 per day.
Camp cook; $45 per month.
¦ -4 laborers for city; may board at home.
5 bark peelers; $15 per month and board.
Blacksmith : country town : $3 50 per day.
Office open to-day. Sunday, till 11 a. m.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
I BARBERS, Attention!— The State Board ot
Barber Examiners are. now In »?ssion dally
! at Emma Spreckels building-, room 204. from,
9 a. m. until 6 • p. m. for the purpose of
Issuing certificates. In accordance wifi tha
law repulatlng the practice of bartering In
California, as passed at the session of tha
last Legislature. P. W. DRAKE. Sec.
WANTED— By an old established mfg. house,
resident manager for general sales agency;
¦ salary J150O per annum & extra commissions:
office duties exclusively: must furnish $2000
cash and satisfactory inferences. District
Mgr., 722 Union Trust bldg., Cincinnati. Ohio.
WANTED— Men of good business ability anri
financial standing to- take ¦ management oC
specified territory. Pacific Coast, fo* Eastern
commercial agency; good salary. Apply room
614, Call building, San Francisco.
WANTED — 25 young boys and girls ¦- owning
donkeys or small Shetland ponies to take>
part. in "A Night at the Circus." Apply at
Central Theater to-day at 11 a. m. ; bring
animals. • '-V s ?
ELEVATOR man wanted who thoroughly un-
derstands his business. Answer as to where
last worked and wages expected to A B C.
Call branch office, 527 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man with natural talent for drawing
to train as newspaper artist by mall: wrlta
free circular lesson. SCHOOL OF CARICA-
TURE. World building. New York.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In light,
genteel work; will pay 116 to $20 per week:
i experience not necessary; must hav» $150
cash. Apply 25 Geary st., room 1. ¦ .
WANTED— Men of good business ability, well
acquainted with city, to solicit for Eastern
commercial agency: good-paying positions.
Apply room 814, Call building.
BOY for errands and make, himself generally
useful In wholesale »tore; $3 50 per week.
Address, with full particulars, box 3643. Call.
"WANTED — Fur cutter; young man: steady po-
sition. "Write full particulars to the Silver-
field Fur Manufactures Co.. Portland, Or.
WOMAN for light housework; good horns U
willing to assist lady doctress; good pay;
state age. .Box 36SB, Call office.
YOUNG man, about 17 to ID years of age. want-
ed as wrapper; retail dry goods. K. F. CO.,
box 3562. Call office. ..-
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop In good country town
at a bargain. , DECKELMAN BROS.. 108
Ellis st:
WANTED— Butchers and sausage makers; good
pay; permanent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED — Driver, solicitor for a dyeing bust*
ness. Call Sunday at & Brady st..
WANTED— Basters on ccats. Apply at factor)
ot S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary gt.
¦WANTED — Lithographic engraver with spars
time to help out; call this day. .364 Hayes.
WANTED— A\ good dishwasher. Capital Res-
taurant. 206 McAllister.
Al PRESSER on cloaks. N. SIMONOFF. 1223
Market st. *
WANTED— Dishwasher. 13S7 Valencia t.
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted: steady Job.
Apply at once Gardner & Swoboda, > 638 Mrkt.
WANTED— An experienced day cook at 304
Mason st. ; wages, $15 a week.
WANTED— A grill worker. Apply at EXCEL.
SIOR WIRE WORKS. S65 Market st.
REFINED lady to take care infant. Cal)
' with references after 3 p. m. 239D Howard.
WANTED — Industrious ¦ men • and women la
every town ' to Work . tor us at home. No
canvassing. ' We will send work any dls»
- tance. Have several lines of work to glvi
out: some require* no experience. If you
can't devota the whole day to our work.
* you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working an
hour . or two evenings. Address - Standard
fMfg. .Co..- 142 West 23d St.. .New York.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity ?¦» right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott .. lildin?.
$3 PER day.' steady, work the "year around, foi
a competent tinner who understands roofing
and iron pipe work. EDWARD HART, Gal-
lup. N. M. , ' ¦
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman far eltj
¦tore; open evenings; permanent position.
Box 3330. .Call -office. ¦
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. W
M. — The officers and members of the
above-named lodpe are hereby notified /K3\
to attend the funeral of -our late »^r.^
brother, CHARLES PALMER CHES-
LEY. in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Tem-
pi.!. THIS DAY (SUNDAY). June 16. at 1
o'clock. Master Masons and friends of the
deceased are invited. By order . of the Mas-
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. .1, F. and A. ¦
M.— The officers and members of the J%^
above-named lodge are hereby notified jR jf
that the funeral ceremonies over the'V ,
remains of our late brother, EDWIN STREET
PENDLETON, will be conducted by Alameda
Lcdse No. 167, F. and A. M., THIS DAY,
¦ June 16. at 1 o'clock p. m., at the Masonic
Widows' and Orphans' Home, Decoto. Friends
and acquaintances of the deceased are in-
vited. Interment Cypress Cemetery, Decoto.
By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Becretary.
SYRACUSE Lodee No. 68. K. of P.— "
Brothers and Knights are invited toi(J&
attend the funeral ot our late brother, SgsSEk*
R. HOLZHUTER, from Pythian Cas- 1 *S^I^
tie. 903^1Iarket St.. THIS DAY (SUNDAY),
at 2 p. m. Interment in I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GEO. RABBITT. K. of R, and S.
EMIL COHN. C. C. . ' -
OFFICERS and members of Triumph jfjjijiy*
Lodge No. 180, A, O. U. W.— You are jKSSgg
hereby notified to attend the funeral *»£S§J
of our late brother. PATRICK COR- v -** v
RIGAN. from St. Brendan's Church. MON-
DAY. June 17, at 9 a. m.
C. R. HOLTON, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN. Recorder.
FOURTH of July, Shell Mound Park, ..CTj;
Berkeley — Nineteenth annual path- 3, LM\ftj
enng and tames of the San Fran- "^Mtifc*
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club; new
features; great programme.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATKHSON. Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by ' the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth, Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Indian Creek,
-and from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine. In Negro Canon. Sierra
¦ County, to deposit tailings in Charcoal or
Negro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be heM at room 59; Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 24. 1901, at 1:30 p. m.
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. • ' •
ADOPTION.
ANY respectable person living In the country
desiring to adopt a healthy and willing boy
of 12 years communicate with box 3634. Call.
AGENTS WANTED.
WE will pay any honest man $85 per month
and all traveling expenses to take orders for
ths greatest portrait concern in- the United
State*; your salary will be guaranteed and
position permanent. Address World's Art Ex-
change. Dept. 206. Chicago, 111.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin; personal demonstrations free; agenta
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., agcy.. 426 Ellis.
OUR rubber collars are manufactured In both
white and swell stripes; satisfaction guaran-
teed: good money for hustlers: Illustrated
catalogue free. Windsor Collar Co., Chicago.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
ASPHALTITN ROOFING.
J. FELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: twistsl. lisfi Mi«=lnn: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
SCIENTIFIC teacher of astrology: can be
learned accurately in 5 lessons. MRS." DR.
SMITH. 1004 Market st. .
; ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
i no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9?7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckel? bldu.. 927 Mar-
ket ft., consultation fr^e; no fe*s in advance.
HATH CAHINK.TS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
| fection and others. Agency, 426 Ellis St.. S..F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. I
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 246 Clementina st.
GOOD country home for children, with best
pf care. II. M.. 933 Forty-sixth St.. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny yard:nr.school:reaRonahl«».lC07 Cal.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every description bought. HOLMES
BOOK CO.. 7C4j70S Mission St.; tel. Red 2356.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1500— LIQUOR store; downtown corner.
j $500 — Country saloon and restaurant; no op-
position.
J12GC— Dairy and good paying route.
$475 — Candy store and Icecream parlor.
J125 — Cigar store; laundry agency.
$^¦00 — Saloon: transfer corner: low rent.
$650 — Rostaurant, downtown; fixtures, etc.,
worth *bC0.
We have, some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth Investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
A — WE have buyers for cilgar 6tore, $1000; sa-
loon, $4000 to $5000; barber shops, $500 and
$1100; general business, $600 and $1000; list
your business with us; no cnarge for adver-
tieing. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market.
YOU can be suited In any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market St.,
near Fifth. Phone. Mint 1911.
$7000— GROCERY doing a business of $80,000 to
590,000 yearly; first-class trade; retirement
cause of sale. Full particulars with ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
LIST your business or lodging-house with us; we
I will sell your business quickly and without
I publicity: money advanced to purchasers.
i REICHENBACH. VIERECK & CO.,
Office 510 Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market.
I A — MC0; PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness; must be Eatisfled with $1W) mo.; refts. re-
quired and ziven. FISHER, 935 Market st.
IF you want bargains in groceries, restaurants,
saloons, lodging houses, etc., call at the PA-
CIFIC REAL ESTATE CO.. 765 Market st.
$600— UNION restaurant: bargain; part cash if
desired. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
GREAT opportunity for party with J100 to get
25,000 shares stock and become lncorporator
and director in good company having fine
proven oil and mining lands; money abso-
lutely secured.* Box 3643, Call.
A RARE chance— A drug store in city 1 , .suit-
able for physician, for «ile; rent $26;- average
cash sales over J20; good reasons for sell-
ing; price J21C0. ,A. & P., box 3655. Call. • j
.OLD established restaurant. 821 Kearny. with
furniture, range, china, etc.. complete, for
Fa)<! or lesoe; also basement attached suit-
able for bakery. Apply 705 Davis st.
WANTED to rent— A small chicken ranch in-
| eluding email furnished house, or partly, in
or around Frultvale or San Lorenzo. Box
n^C.1. Call office. '•
$000— PAYING?" legitimate business;- easily
learned; lady or gentleman; respectable;
ehort hours; investigation courted. Box 3556,
Call of See.
i FOR sale — In Vallejo. one of the best corner
saloons and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished; best room? in town; If you are
looking for a safe investment you will find It
here; will bear Inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring, from business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Eanta
Clara sts.. Vallejo. .
FOR sale— $3000: old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wipons, p]ants and trees of all descriptions;
• f-fctabliched many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON, 600 Haicht st.
DYEING and cleaning business for sale cheap.
Apply 2313 Market st.
BACHELOR with $60,000 invested in business,
large income, would like lady manager; share
interest in business. Box 3682, Call office.'
DAIRY depot clearing $2 dally; best offer in
town; JIOO will take It; some delivery If de-
sired Box 3504. Call office.
WANTED— Unincumbered. educated lady for
an office "business: small capital required.
Box E12. Oakland. Cal. > . - - *
AN. investment of $1500 now ..will 'insure au
Income for- life; absolutely safe; no brokers.
Box 3565. Call office. »
SAFE investment; email capital; latest, -great-
est novelty; big money maker; winner. Of-
fice. 1517 Market St.
$800— MILLINERY store; must sell. on account
of sickness; will take a lot. JAMES MORSE.
632 Market st.
PARTIES with J500 to $1000 to Join In pur-
chasing rich quicksilver mine; ground floor."
Box 36S0, Call. , . .
$500 BUYS half-interest in business paying $200
monthly: will bear Investigation.. Box 3509
Call office. . ..-¦'-¦..'-: .: -.
COAL oil route and team for sale. Apply 2251
Market st. bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
FOR eale— Grocery and bar,' $125. " 1322 Natoma
•treet. ". •_-. ¦/
ISMAR THE GYPSY. .' ' '
. ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the.
uncertain j years ahead; "happiness and success
go hand in hand,- yet hundreds ' fail where suc-
cess in possible ' were it not for a lack, of fore-
sight: into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life; . consult ISMAR, for she is a prophet-
ess of world-wide fame and her name has. be-
come a proverb in " thousands of homes made
happy, by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily. from -10 a.- m. to 6 p.' m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market | St., opp. - Sixth. I By mail I three ques-
tlons answered. $1. . Full life reading, $5. > .'
DIFFERENT FROM 1 ALL OTHERS. 1
* . 1000 Callers Since May 1st. - "' ¦.•'"
' Naaman. Russian seer, : medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, -what you called for,
cures your disease or . anything you want to
know: no charges in advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed; develops mediums in 2 months; teaches
palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a., m. to 9
p.m. ; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell st.
MME.' ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to: everybody;
cureB diseases by sympathy. 215^ Sixth st.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
• Ists; names and dates; L. 25c: G. 50c; mall $1.
1511% Market, on. Van Neps; tel. Mint 1095. ..
WONDERFUL < clairvoyant; .what he tells
comes true; send 10c and birthday. PROF.
J., MEYERS. Lincoln Park Station, Chicago.
FRSE tests for 3 days — Mme. Sanders. 127 Ma-,
'son st., medium, palmist; teaches' mind teleg-
raphy: advice on all 12 to 8.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
, palmist, permanently located 1148 Market; op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m..
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist, ¦
gives names,' facts, dates; satisfaction by mail;
.inclose stamp. 1382 Market, op. Odd Fellows. '
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
•palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; readings, 50c. 1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.
MME WALTERS, great card reader: ladies 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladies, 25c;'gtnts, 50c- 132 Sixth ?t. . i
MRS. FABBIER. 4- Grove st.— The great card I
"and tea-leaf reader; hours 12 to 6. - I
MESMAR Is the great fortune teller of this
.city for peace of mind. 1132 Mission st.
MRS. MELVTLL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th :German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448V4 Jessie Bt., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
I advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Feurth st. 4
CARPET .HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South .40.
'ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
r tel. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
i RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2331.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth Et. : tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st.; phone South 146. ? :"'¦¦'.•
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
| . vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
j Gate ave.; telephone East 126. -
I ¦ CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
| less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
i *"*
DENTISTS.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar~-
I ket St., cor. 4th, rm 7, Flood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
|- without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
j. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
I flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions i or fillings by my
wonderful , secret, painless method: 20 years'
, experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and -guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. OEORGB W. LEEK. W O'Farrell St. - :
A— NEW unbreakable plate,- the Rose Pearl,
- ¦warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
60c: plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make, plates, gold crowns
nrd bridge work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk St.. corner Sutter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work dono
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental ParlorsT 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. 53; fillings. 23c.
DR. R. L. WALSH,S15*i Geary.nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
Knc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days, lfifll Mnrket st.. corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
Tpr'\O, 1341 Pnlk »t. .-¦¦..- * ¦¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDQWELL Dressmaking"* Mlliinery School^
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. .
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
atfntlon. 121 Poft. over O'Connor & MnfTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^L^llE^-MTRini'^le^e^^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full coursre, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES 1 ' Business College. 723 Market Ft.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE , LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school, for the university, law- and medical
colleges: references. Provident Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. -. . ¦
A— ARITHMETIC, reading, writing, snelllnsr.
etc.; letters written; lady teacher; $3. 216
Minna st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties.; Hflllett School,
associated with theetrieal agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St.
ENGINEERING-Clvil, rlee..mInlnK.mech.,i<ur-
, vey, assay,' cyanide; day, eve. ; e?t. T5B4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A ' FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only.*60. San Fran-
cisco .Business College, 1236 Market St.,
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: «hort
time. TARR, exp. acct., .220 Parrott bldg.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teneher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st., nr. 6th.
Munson. School Shorthand. Tynlna-.TlookkeppIng,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter.pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crni-imar, writing,
etc; day or eve.; $."> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
,Electric-Che"mlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve. bloM & constitutional diseases.
' Drs..K. *¦ *(¦.'¦ FJortrir- Sanltpr'n'n. 8 Mason
F3MPLOYME1VT OFFICES.
JAPANESE HousecleanTng Co.— Thoroughly re-
. liable; best help sent short notice: competent
j men. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
'JAPANESE and j Chinese | help of all ' kinds:
¦ I cooks, ¦ waiters and l.ouse servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post.Rt.; tel. Bush 135. ,
ORPHEUM . Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
¦ : ;nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104f Sutter: tel. Fast 203.
RELIABLE '.Japanese-Chinese employment of-
, flee; all Unrig heln.'. MT, Stockton: Main SlxS.
EMPLOYMEXT \WANTED^-FEMALE;
A 1'OUNG woman \vi3hes work by the dav
, housecleaning; is willing and obliging. Box
*. 3647, Call. - ;¦" ¦¦'./ . , -. .:. . ¦ ' * ¦--/ ¦ ,.' ¦ -
YOUNG" lady," thoroughly competent, ,i rapid,
wants position with a first-class dressmaker;
•• private parlors , preferred. Box , 3678. Call.
MIDDLE- AGED German • lady without incum-
-'. brance ; wishes position' as housekeeper; good
. home more desired than wages; country, only.
Box 3679, Call., : , - '.:
'A RESPECTABLE , girl a wishes * a < position as
* cook, housekeeper or general, house work; city
¦ or country; moderate wages; references. 'Call
..Monday "426 .Tehama st., bet.. Sth ; and" 6th. •
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets ; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
689 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p.- m.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mieslon street; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth: open
tmtil 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. -
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 8 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL-THE S A!N JRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 16, 1901.
29
~^S^L!L-yA y ' rKt >---MAI < E--Cn^^
VoSIfh^g^n^lre^t BR^s^oce^
r^Markfr^t 1 " 1 " 113 - ArPh ' EHREVE & CO.. 403
¦ '' G^. AT bargain; S-chalr bartxr shop- mu«t
k Call S^ at lm » ortan t business. Box ttj
¦P. 12^,"^?' 8 fhoes - sightly damaged half
price. 5C2 Mission st.. tx>t. 1st and 2d sts.
; jGo?5S?G«e ate** 1 " BhCP f ° r Sale; * 75 " 10S *
Vr^ i Q^~^ Cr^ it I,J. or th * martl >e corps. U.
m,. V ' a , ble - bodl «J. unmarried men of good
character between the ages of 21 and S3; not
¦ inch «m 3 l Pet 4 l nches and not ov * r « '«"
: rf.tVA * ble , tn rfiad and speak English. For
: o"£™ < f ln £T- maticn ai>rIy to the Recruiting,
.: . Office. 40 Kills st.. San Francisco.
' W^T^ D ~ M , C 'i l t0 ! "rn "barber trade: $60
S££££ PaW OUr P'* du ate6; two months
-¦ «* £i tes: m , ore caIIs for " ur barbers than i
*e car s=upply : tools presented; wages Sat- '
urdays; Oiplcmaa granted: busy season now-
"• Mmpn n rit 4 fcr our «P e ei*l offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay ft.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
eociation. foreman, second and third bread
: JggosU^r^Mascn^^ ™ P 6 ™*"
HZ££?E?^&**2 nnd mechanic?, to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, :i7 Third st. : 150 'large'
room?; SSc per night: *1 to $2 per week. j
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BfLLIS 1
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post Xo. 2
G. A. R., roo-n 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market.
' LA ?T SSSSt^J- c " vho have rawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
- "• de<>ra them.
VVAXTETV- Reliable young man with some
__cn?n: S40 month: no experience. 4S6 Fourth.
TED ~ : ' 00 . m * n to buy nPW and "n<3-hand \
army ghees. Si up; soling 20c up. Pa Howard. !
"*MfAlD i- PERRY have 500 pairs second-
r.ar.a shoes for ?ale. oQc up. 2U Third st.
A I.i" ash iUv-« 1 ' < l r .^ 1 «. per week - men#s sults to
order. NElHAl'S & CO., 115 Kearny ft.
GET your shoes half-sole-1 while waiting: Kc
to EQc. Misskn ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mail<vd
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st'
FEXSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attvs..
• Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room S16.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— .00 room?. 25c night; reading-rooms; f re*
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbfcrirncns has been established at 1096
\ f.lor.cia st.
HORSES AXD "WAGOXS.
AX unusually fine park team, suitable for pri-
vate family; coaJ-black mares age 6 and 7
years: v eigh IIM pounds each; also black
Fir.pl*> mare, p.ere 7 yrars. weipht 1000 pounds
h<>!*rht 154. ride or drive, tincle or double.
Inquire *S4 Pevisader.t st.
«a HORSES for sale; also wagons buggies
curie, harness. Grand Arcad-j Horse Market
EELS*™ «•• auction sales even' Wednesday.
- PULT - IVAy & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR PALE— Horse and phaeton cheap. 1257
Eighteenth ave eouth; rhone Ohio 32.
f '~HE4P horse* T>>r sale: suitable for country
t"-e- 4 - Fi^hth Bt. CARVTLL MFC. CO.
?"0— GEXTI.E msrp. suitable for lady to drive
or rid": jha^T-m. f20. ;i City Hall ave.
4* HEAD work and driving horses. 7S1 How-
ard st.
A C .IMPING wa^r.n. harness and tent for
wale. 4 r >4 Jackson st.
ALL kmd? of «-agnnj, hupgies. carta. harness
«-tc. cheap. EGAX & SOX. 2117 Mission stl
AN A No. 1 express tvieon. s'.ngle: also light'
'-p.Trr'r.g wagon, for sale cheap. 5« Mission.
HORSES WAXTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
cr five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
••t.. room S5.
IIOl«KS TO LET.
A— FPJNTED list houses t> let: send for cir-
cuiar. G. H. T'MBSEN' ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
2T2 C BRYANT f-i.—l'in^ house and stable; be-
twer. Vih ani 2Cth £?*.; t> rooms and bath;
rri t, J£«.
HOUSE with 5 room* f.nd yard on sunny side;
cr-od for small family; rent S12 50. 1503 Brod-
erick st., npar Suiter.
HOCEE— 1611 Broderic* ft., near Sutter: large
yard: r.fw plumb!ns; newly painted; 8 rooms
'. >in(\ bKTh; i-«nt. $xr>.
GOLDEN* OATE av<., T2»S— Rf>nt 145: 12 rooms.
AFHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery Et.
I1OI"! ;: K--S2l Oak. r.«>ar Octavia; S rooms and
nsth: larg» basement.
HOUSE 7 rooms; rent f*. S Tay St., off Clay,
r.«?tw-en Powell and Mason.
til — ST'N'NY house of o rooms and basement.
Key. £22« Oary st.
J15 — *¦ rooms, large finished basement, large
yard. 1€15 Bush st.. n«*ar Franklin.
BOUSES TO LET — FCRXISHED.
KURN'IPHED house for rent; 6 rooms, well
'umifched ; r-iano. ftc. ; best bargain in city If
taken immediately. Box 3683, Call office.
<X>TTAGE or S room?; 5 furnished complete
for housekeeping: rTit Jl". SIS Church «t.
gCPtrnBAX HOtSES.
TO let for season— Furnished cottape In Santa
Cruz Mountains; orchard and i-hade trees.
- ¦¦-McEWn.N* HRO?.. US Montgomery st.
TO l*-t--Fumis.hr-i r«"sidenre with large flower
;rarn'«-n and r.rrhard: ail in bearing; situated
••n tho Russian River. Box K73, Call.
1 r J SENT— Completely furnished house, mod-
ern. f .'tr 3 mos or 1 yr. • Menlo Park, opp de-
r-T: .-r-r.t SZl. MP..S. '*ORA PARKER.
BOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— To rrr.t a t-mall, artistically fur-
nished hous* or flat on «--lth*r side of the
bay; furoitur*. rarpfXa a^d beddln* must
hav« ».e«"n but litTlo used and of th«» very
b"!=t quality; Kdvprtlsffr may purchase If mu-
tual!;. a*rr*^aMe. Address with full partlcu-
lars to Hox ZF.:a. Call office.
LOST AM» KOITXD.
PARTIES who received 'he -wrong package at
Fuirmerfield & Romn'i Friday trill please
return it, as tViey are known. SUlIMEIt-
FIELD & ROMAN'.
. 1X5ST— Watch and <~liain. gold filled! initials
G. \Y. K<riurn to "13 Ktevenson Et., Collage i
saloon; liberal reward.
BEAVER collar. 2 heads, about 15 Inches long.
FJptura Orand Hotel.
35 r.ETi'ARU for return of a irlrl's RamblT
1901 bicycle. No. 14,333. talim rrr>m 7 Oak St.;
no questions askf-d. 1S0S Market st.
LA FT notify— jo all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HAlUilS, only S days more to
rri'*m them.
Wanted— oh golci fr, r manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jewfW. 24S O' Fan-ell, bet.. Powell and Mason.
JIATUIMOMAL
OENTI.EMEX wishiner to marry wealthy ladles •
eend 10c for lat'-M. Itet. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AM) I'lLLOWS.
TO order. a!s-> cleaned and Eteriliz^d. uphol- ;
Ftery: Al oa.rr><>t cleaning; honest work guar-
ante-d'. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
ft..; tel. Hush 421. Factory 313 A 220 11th st.
.MEDICAL,.
ORIGINAL. OFFICE. !
ORIGINAL OFFICE.
CR. and MRS. DAVIS.
E»R. and MRS. DAVIS.
I^eading ladies' specialists.
Leading ladies' specialists.
Locrted for 10 years at
Located for 10 years at
122S Market et.
1228 Market St. !
Above Flxth Ft. '
Above Sixth st.
We have no branch offices.
W> have no branch offices.
Cut thin out.
Cut this out.
Remember the mirnher, 1228 Market.
Remember the number, 1228 Market. J
A— RENOWXED-Epecialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no *-qual; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su- *
perior to all others; the only treatment that
¦ ' ¦ .. helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
.'cases are immediately relieved without pain;
'•'-J no other treatment will do this; the most djf-
•V flcult ca^s treated; Bcientiflc methods guar- -
.. entced. DR. G. W. O'DONXELL. 1018 Market. 1
3 MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 26 yr».'
': •¦¦'. Bucceasful practice; guaranteed treatment at -
" lofflce; any ailment; home before and during I
-.--.; confinement. 942 Poet. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MEDICAL— Continued.
1 HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
. derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
t indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
- troubles of male and female pexual organs-
] treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months'
• suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st, S. F., Cal.
- A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
- stant relief for all female complaints- the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
I DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
l>y our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
t treatment superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
• A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
- never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
i without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free.
. MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
¦ DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market bet
i 6th & 7th-Expert specialists; well known and
. reliable; 25 yrs* experience; treatment guarn'd
' to give Instant relief from all female troubles
. avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
DR. POPPER, female Fpeclalist; no pills or
, medicine used. 15U Devisadero et.. nr. Geary.
i | T. DUFFY'S solution ruaranteed to cure all.
1 j Rkln diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore.
, M i^5 s a:vd mixing.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COXeT~~
MOXTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE
MONTEZUMA-COPPER— COAL— COKE.
Have you lost money in oil? Make up your
' j Io5s from profits of copper. No "slump"
j there. Montezuma shares steadily advance.
Copper ledge now 10 feet and widening. State
Inspector of Mines says of Montezuma coal:
"It is of excellent quality for coking, steam-
Ing and biacksmithing purposes." Nine-
tenths of the product will be converted into
\ coke, in which there Is a large profit Both
corr-er and coal can be produced with true
economy. Copper ores now average about 24
pcr cent. The biggest and safest company in
the rich State of Washington, under the laws
of which State stock cannot be assessed. ¦ Buy
these shares new, this month. Instead of next
month or later. You will save money, and
Investment Is just as safe. The Montezuma
Company wants a steady Income rather than
a large amount of cash on hand, and there-
fore makes easy installment terms. Shares
(par value $1) now 12c cash or 14c on Install-
ments; E00 shares JCO, or $5 down and $3
monthly; 1000 shares $i;i>, or $10 down and $5 I
monthly. Larger lots in proportion. July 1st
advances to 15c cash or 17c on installments.
Ask for prospectus at once, and we'll make a
trade before prices go up. Excursion to Se-
attle, July 6; round trip, first-class, including
sleeper, $33; tickets gocd 60 days; lowest rall-
I
way rate ever made. Spend your vacation on
the Sound. Send for folder.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND
TRUST CO., Selling Agents. 310 Safe De-
posit building, San Francisco.
MINING IMPROVEMENT.
This is a smelting works for roasting ore and
then putting: it in bullion ready for market
It can be built any place where there is a
mine, and it can be built to heat with wood
coal or nil. I am now ready to make any
kind of bareain to build the smelter. MR
CHARLES BISHOP. 230 Oak St. ,
PARTY who holds group of eight located cop-
per claims would like to meet men with
small amount of money to develop them-
they are sure to work into rich and paying
property. T. J. MAY. 63S Market St.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
Jic per 6hare; eend for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALEl
EOILERS. engines. 2d-hand machinery! M<v
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-107 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
epcond-hand; we always have a large stock of
ealoon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 21 hours. J. NOO.VAX, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission Bt.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED collies, cocker spaniels,
Great Danes and Pt. Bernard puppies, setters,
pointers, fox. Scotch, skye. spitz. Yorkshire,
silver and bull terrier pups. Dachshund and
Japanese pups at College Kennels, 115 Haight
ft.; phone Page 1472.
ONE nickel-plated copper hot-water heater; one
ioebox for drawing cool beer: one Columbia
phonograph with 36 records: cheap; must be
Fold immediately. 633 Howard st.
A— BUYS, pells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear Et.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented »tnd exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
NEW 5-H. i\ engine and boiler. $150: will
pell separately. P. BARNUM, 630 Brush at.,
Oakland.
A— $3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1.75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
AMERICAN sewing machine, perfect order, all
attachments, ?6. 675 Busb st, room 49.
HEADQUARTERS for trunk*, bags and dress
suit ca-«<?s. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st
FINE suits, $10; dres<» pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— 20 parrots from Central America; $3
each. £24 Greenwich st. near Powell.
SAFES— New and pecond-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market Et.. San Fran.
THOROUGHBRED runts; white homers; hen
pigeons. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
$C4 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine T37 SO. 109 Monteomery st.
L. SPARBER removed to 204 Mission St.; gaso-
line engines, lathe pulleys, shafting, belting.
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine; one 2*4-
horye-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES p.nd boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. X
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GAKOLINE engines 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all s=izes>: guaranteed. NEWELL. K8 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton St. •"
MAGIC lanterns new and 2d-hand moving plc-
turos. BULLARD & P.RECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WAXTED— Pasturage for 2 horses until No-,
vember; state price. A. M. DALY, 441
Geary Et.
II. LIPTON pays highest price for cast-off
• clothing. 7 Spring st., nr. Cal.; tel. Green 594.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dreppes. 134 9th: tel. Fnlsom 2522. ,
MONEY TO LOAN.
A — MONEY tc loan at rates. whicn l-eople can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their '
friendship; do business with strangers and
you will be better satisfied; no delay;, no pub-
licity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY , ,
IS MORTGAGED '
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY, .
6S0 Market st. Loans on estates In probate, '
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc ' •¦; v v
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
pecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest •
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel <
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate in probate; ',
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. It.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 2. j
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watchee. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth; ]
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal; j
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
REAJL - ESTATE— CrTY—»FOB. gAXK.
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market Street-
PACIFIC HEIGHTS KESIDEiNCB. ¦
$23,0CO— Elegant home; north aide of street; un-
excelled marine view; modern in every
detail; 14 rooms in all; 3 bath rooms;
laundry, and servants' rooms and billiard
room; inlaid floors; electric appurte-
nances; garden front and rear; laxia
lot 33x137:6 feet. .
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
$10,000— Two well built houses of 6 roonu tad
bath each and 4 flats 3 rooms; on north
side of street; surrounded by business
property; always rented; paya $1080 per
, annum; lot 32x120 feet
SUTTKR-ST. FLATS.
$9150— Three modern well built flats 7 rooms*
and bath; in very desirable portion of
Sutter st; pays $S40 per annum; Urga
lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
$4000— Rents $504 per annum; t substantial t-
story houses of 6 rooms and bath each;
on sunny side of street; on 19th st..
a few feet from Mission; Investigate
this a3 it ia a bargain; lot 25x85.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
$4000— Two flne well built flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath; on Guerrero St.; rents
$34 per month; mortgage $3100: street
bituminized; cement walk; 27 feet front.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
$3600— Four flats 5-3 rooms: north side of
street; few feet from Second »t. ; al-
ways rented: pays 15 per cent per an-
num; lot 25x80 feet.
$2300 — Two substantial flats -4-3 rooms each;
Near Ninth and Harrison sts.; room for
stable in rear; pays $264 per annum; lot
24:10x85 feet.
COTTAGE.
$1500— Near Seventh and Howard tta.; fln«
appearing cottage a rooms; street
bituminized.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market it.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET 8TREET.
BARGAINS SNAP3
ESTATES FORECLOSURES'
ALL MUST BE SOLO!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION! i
TUESDAY ;.. : JUNE 18TH. 1901
At Our Salesroom, 12 O'clock M.,
638 MARKET STREET.
ESTATE of ANGELIA R. SCOTT. DECEASED.
FRANKLIN ST.— 50- VARA LOT.
Corner Franklin and Sacramento sts.— A fall
50-vara lot in the heart of the best residence
portion of the city; surrounded on all sides by-
elegant homes: improvements consist of an
elegant mansion of 12 rooms, which at a mod-
erate exoecse can be brought up to date: sato
is made under instructions of the executors of
the estate and will be sold; convenient to car
lines; lot 137:6x127:8% feet
POINT LOBOS AVE. BLOCK.
Half block, bounded by Point Lobos are..
Twenty-eighth ave. and Clement at.— Tho
shrewd speculator to subdivide and sell will
realize handsomely: block 83:4x600x111 feet.
MISSION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
West side Mission St.. 185 feet south of ISth—
Fine business lot on Mission st.; If properly
improved would pay handsomely on the money
invested; lot 25xS0 ft.
UNIVERSITY HOMESTEAD LOT.
West side Ion st., 100 feet south of Bacon-
Four choice lots; must be sold; lot 100x120 feet.
SEVEN SHARES OK THE CAPITAL STOCK
OF THE CONCORDIA LAND CO.— ,
ESTATE OF ANGELIA R.
SCOTT, DECEASED.
* ALSO
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS HOME. .
North side (No. 3942) Clay st. 179:2% feet
east bf First ave.— Fine large residence of 9
rooms and bath; positively must be sold to th»
highest bidder; lot 23x127 :S'.i feet; terms, halt
ca&h.
TWENTY-FOURTH-ST. COTTAGE.
South side (No. 3G21) Twenty-fourth • st., 115
feet west of San Jose ave.— Fine cottage of 4
rooms; in flrst-class condition; lot 25x109 feet.
VAN NESS AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southeast corner Van Ness ave. and Chestnut
st. and southeast corner Van Ness ave. and
Francisco st.— These lots are exceptionally flne.
commanding a magnificent marine view; level
and ready for building; street bituminized:
I must be sold; corner lot 27:6x109 ft: Van Nesa
i ave. and Francisco st corner. 37:6x93 feet; in-
! side lots. 23x87:6 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Ncrth side (No. 2902) Bush St., 23 feet west of
Lyon— Large modern residence of eight rooms
and bath, with three finished rooms In tha
basement: porcelain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.;
sunny side of street; several car lines adjacent;
lot £5x75 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
East side Sanchez st. 76:6 feet south ct
Twenty-eighth— Very desirable site for a home
: or small flats: lot 25x100 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
North side (4$) Merritt st, 577.66 feet west of
Hattle— A cozy cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment: short distance from Market St.: half
block from Elshteenth-st. electric cars; lot 25x
90 feet.
For full particulars, terms of sale, etc., pro-
cure catalogues at our office and on the prop-
erty.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE * CO..
. ' Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, ,
638 Market street.
SEE these properties to-day; they are open tor
inspection and in course of construction;
owner on property to snow them:
I7IC0— Rents $72 50: 2 handsome flats on Fill-
more st, near Green; contain 7 and 3
rocms, bath. etc.. each: finished In latest
style and excellent taste; kitchen in cen-
ter of flat.
$6000— Fillmore st, near Green: 2-story house
of 9 rooms; lot 25x93; finished basement.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
$45,000— CHOICE corner property, east of Van
Ness ave.. north of Market St.: rent
$415; handsome new Improvements; all
rente-'; large corner lot.
$5650— Handsome flats on Folsom St., near
Twentieth; lot 23x122:6; flats contain 5
and 6 rooms, etc., each; rent $45; prop-
erty coat more.
$7000 — Rent J9O 50: Twenty-sixth st.. near
Capp: good 3-story building; lot 43xW0.
$3500— Lot 50x137:6; north side of Page St..
near Ashbury; cheapest lots on the
street
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
$16C0— TWENTY-SIXTH st, near Sanchez; bay-
wlndow cottage of 5 rooms and bath, j ':'
$1230— New cottage of 4 rooms; Wisconsin st.. 3
blocks from terminus of Twenty-fourth;
I2C0 cash, $14 monthly.
$3000 — California St.. near Ninth ave. : new ?-
, story bay-window house 7 rooms and
bath: 23xlC0.
$3500— California st., near Baker; 2-story house
8 rooms and bath. In good condition:
lanre lot on sunny side of street.
$6000 — Rent $52 50; 2 flne flats 6 and 8 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x120; best part of
Panhandlfr district.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery «t.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM Real Estat*
26 Montgomery st.. Room U-
$18,000—75 ft. on Mission st. and Impts. for
factory; rents $112; bargain.
$4850— Stylish new flats, 4 and 5 rooms; every
room sunny; rents $40; on Twenty-third st.
$2700— House. 8 rooms, bath, etc.: sunny lot.
3Cx99:4 feet: near Sixteenth and Mission; suit-
able for 3 flats; splendid bargain.
$12.500— Stylish new flats; Hayes st; flne lo-
cation; rents $115.
• ¦ . . . ¦ ' : - -,«".,
PARK LOTS— ?300 AND UPWARD. .
$825 Lots— Sunset Heights— Lots $853.
On Installments; Eleventh ave., between II
and I 3ta., neat entrance Park music stand;
cars pass property.
- $3000 Houses — Easy terms— Houses. $3250: on
above black, 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans
at office.- >
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. !8 Montgomery St..
room 11: branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
SELECT your lot anywhere, we wilt buy It
for you. erect a house to suit and sell it
to you on very easy terms. THE McCAR-
THY COMPANY. 646 Market «t.
HAVE you vacant property for sale? We will
sell it for you. We are building houses for
purchasers in every section of the city. THE
MCCARTHY COMPANY. MS Market st. •
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pago Thirty,'
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
" 10 MONTGOMERY STREET. ; ¦•
SPECIAL— ¦
ESTATES-
INCOME—
Haight-st. flats, north line; high, sightly ele-
¦ vation; magnificent view; modern throughout
In every detail; specially arranged to combine
comfort and convenience; lower flat, 6 rooms,
billiard-room, bath and servant's room; upper
flat, 7 rooms and bath; 4 finished rooms in at-
tic; rents $1080 per annum; price J10.WO; pays
over 9 per cent. V«'
Price $35,000— Rents $2400 per annum net; un-
der lease; only expenses are taxes and insur-
ance; pays 5 per cent net per annum; Mission
st; in business portion; 4-story and basement
brick building; elevator.
- Price $S150— Rents $900 per annum: 2 new mod-
ern bay-window French flats; built about 3
years; splendid location in Pacific Heights dis-
trict; Devisadero st., near Washington; con-
venient to all parts of the city by transfer frov.
Dcvlsadero-st. cars; large lot 25x110; best and
cheapest flats offered on the market to-day for
sale; get permit from office.
Price $15,500— New 3-story and basement brick
building, containing 2663 square feet on each
¦fcor: 2 stores, rents $70; 2 basements, rents $20;
j upper floors, rents $150; total monthly rents,
S210; pays over 13 per cent net; vicinity of
Montgomery ave. and Broadway; northern por-
tion of town.. -
Price $27.500— Rents $250 per month; splendid
3-story bay-window frame building, in thorough
repair and condition throughout; contains
-- °ln S on ground floor, flats above; large lot
7oxso; not far from Market and Taylor sta.; no
better business thoroughfare.
Price $6150— Property sold to close an estate:
Income per month $62 50; 3 separate flat3; al-
ways tenanted on account of splendid location;
near Jackson and Larkin sts.
Price $102,500— Mission st. near First, north
side, corner of Ecker; runs through to Lick
alley; has 3 frontages; lot 94x99:6; no piling
needed for foundation; splendid site for erection
of large building for manufacturing- purposes.
_BALDWiy & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SUNSET DISTRICT— ~ ~~
Splendid level building lots on easy terms;
H, I, J. K sts.. Seventh to Twelfth aves.; build-
jng up fast; also our
SPLENDID OFFERING.
SELLING FAST.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
h™V" dll !F , Ots n H st - and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park
Prices moderate Terms easy
5c°iS, Ie , ve '---: Streets macadamized
W^^if**'-, V.' Plank "Idewalks
Welsbach gas lamps.... Water and mall service
On car line........ On Park entrance
I Better class of new homes... .
... ..... ....Branch office at the corner ""
or H st and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
lark; open every day. Sundays and holidays-
don t.delay, but interest yourself in a home lot
at once; small first payment, balance $10 per
month; interest 6 per cent on deferred pay-
ments _ _
; « BALDWIN & HOWELL.
; 10 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
Real Estate Agents,
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property
.<» km 624 Market St.
$50.000— Choice business piece of property on
brtX°£ ft/ ClMe t0 Market 8t - : fln« "story
t-ft fl<S!!J^ n ? u £ on same: pays 5 p er cent net -
fio.000— Choice downtown corner; 3 frontages-
3 blocks from the Chronicle building; flne im-
provements; rents $350 per month; always
rented.
$5f> 000-Cholce 50 vara on Hyde st. near Call-
«i- n £ st - ; 8 subs tantlal houses ;. rented for
$32^ 50 per month.
$32.500— Choice corner on Battery st., close
to California; fine 2-story and basement brick
building; lot 29:10^4x70 feet
cn $2 J^~ 4 house s and 4 flats on Clay st; lot
«J? -& ~l t: rents $20 ° per m °nth: all rented.
$22,»0O— Choice lot on Broadway, near De-
visadero Bt.; lot 66x137:6 feet; flne unobstructed
marine view.
$20.000— Choice N. AV. corner on Devisadero
st. near Fulton St.; lot 100x137:6 feet; this is a
choice location for flats.
$12,000— Hayes St.. near Buchanan at.; 2 mod-
ern flats on Hayes and 2 on Linden ave.; lot
27:6x120 feet; rents $90 per month.
$S50p— 3 choice flats on Jackson st., near
Broderick st.; 6. 7 and S rooms and bath- rents
$78 50 per month; lot 25x127:8^4 feet.
$7000—2 fine flats on Buchanan St., near Sut-
ter st; rents $56 per month.
$5500— Twenty-second St.. near Guerrero st. ; 3
modern flats; rents $53 per month.
$3600—2 modern flats on Broderick st. ; rents
$36 per month.
$1850— 2-story house on Sacramento st. ; lot
25x117:6 feet. !
$1700— Nice cottage on Diamond St., near
Twenty-fourth st.
$1600 — Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Jersey st.
$1250— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath
near Union Iron Works.
$1050— Choice lot on Clara St.. near Third st.
$750— Choice lot on California St., near Ninth
ave.: lot 25x120 feet.'
j $700— Lot 50x120 feet on Twenty-sixth ave.,
I near Point Lobos ave.
j $700— Choice corner lot on Mission st. ; street
work done; sidewalk laid; lot 2SxlOO feet.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY & I
SOXNTAG. ;
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Union st. near Taylor; 25:9x128:9; 3
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 50.
$11,000— Cor. Folsom and Erie sts.;. 30x143; 3
flats; rents $78.
$10.000— O'Farrell St.. near Larkin; 23x120 to
rear »treet; house of 10 rooms.
$Si250— McAllister St., near Steiner; 26:6x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
$8000— Pacific st., near Powell; 40x60; store and
3 flats; rents ?69.
$7000— Folsom st, near Fourth; store and flat-
rent ?63: 25x?0.
$5500 — Buchanan St.. near Post; 24xS7:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
J5000 — Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new flat* I rents $41.
$5000— Corner Leavenworth st. and Broadway;
cottare and 2 flats; rents $41.
$50C0— Sacramento, near Walnut; 23x100; 2 new
flats; rents *33.
$3750— Pine St., near Buchanan; 25x110; house
of 7 rooms.
$3500— Harriet St., near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building: rents $37.
; $3500— Lyon, near Sutter: 25x119:3; house of 8
1 rooms.
; fn350— Clementina St.. near Sixth; 20xS0; house
of 6 rooms and bath: rent $25.
UNIMPROVED.
$o300— Greenwich st. near Taylor; 43:10x137:6
$5000— Capp, near Tw.enty-flfth; 65x115.
$4iC0 — Union st., near Webster: 6S:9xl37:6.
Cor. ISth ave. and Clement; 200x120.
$3500— Fulton st, near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000-7Laguna St.; near Page; 25x100.
$2500— Corner Thirtieth and Dolores; 26:6x100.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
REAL ESTATE.
19 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Telephone Main 5542. San Francisco, Cal
June 14. 1901. ' "
Why In the world do people persist in paying
rent (there is no sense in it) when they can
buy with thtlr rent money a new home and
88 ve thousands of dollars?
Go out and see the new six-room and bath
cottageion Hoffman ave., near 23d st, Heyman
Tract, close to 24th-st. electric car; you can
buy on your own terms; Agent James; Cotter on
the tract.
$100, $150, J200 and $3oO— Park lots; "great fu-
ture.
$760— Only two lots left, fronting the Boule-
vard, bet. J and K sts. ; streets graded ready '
for building; a splendid place for a hotel over-
lockinsr the ocean; a great future; these lots
will be worth from $3000 to $4000.
Elmhurst Station— Acreage ground to sell In
the Alvin Tract cheap; good for chicken ranch;
also 3-roomed house and 2 lots very cheap.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
Room 2. 7th floor. Mills Building
$20,500— Inside corner: improvements of little
; value; pays over 6 per cent net; flne cor-
ner for b?tel.
$15,0CO- r Rents $1350 per annum: Presidio
'Heights; elegant new modern marine
view fiats. i
$S750 — Eastlake flats; rents $S40 per annum;
Webster st; 2 modern flats of 9 and 6
rooms and bath each and lot.
$5500— Large corner lot, 137:6x120; good manu-
facturing site; '3 frontages.
$3600 — Beautiful Park lot: a bargain; Panhan-
dle "district; 43x100; splendidly located
for flats.
$2250— Cheap Western Addition home: near
; * Hamilton square; ' very sunny 2-story
¦ house of 6 rooms and lot: could be con-
verted Into flats at small outlay.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO..
Room 2. 7th floor. Mills bldg. "
JOHN PFORR..403 Pine St., near Montgomery.
- $8J<;0— Rent $840 per annum; a flne bargain;
on Stockton st. : brick; never vacant:
$7500 — Rent $720 per annum; a bargain; on
Devisadero st. ; a 3-flat house.
$10,000— A barcain on • Eddy St., near - Scott;
lot 100 feet front by 82:6 deep, with S cottages.
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum: a corner In a
business part of the city; nothing like it. -' •
$4800 — Rent $385 per annum: 2 flne flats on
the north side of Folsam st, near Fourth.
FOR sale at a bargain— A handsome 11-room
residence half block from ¦ car line, south
front; healthy location; garden Improved with
flowers and plants ; splendid view over city
and bay. Bex SOt.4, Call office.
NEW modern houses. 6 rooms, bath; on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leavenworth st; $2300. In-
stallments $15 monthly: take Hyde-st. car.
FOR sale — New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce st.
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
• with, UNCLE HARRIS, only S days more to
.redeem them. . -
' PAreTEBS " ACT DECORATORS.
i PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good reli-
• able work. Clark's, 808 Larkln; tel.Larkln 1060
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; palnt-
- ing done. 319 Third st. Hartman Paint Co.
PALMISTRY.
', MRS. WM. M'MANUS, scientific palmist. Tel.
Blue 311, 10 to 6. Residence 1 731 Guerrero.
• MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
, the Pacific Coa«t; 1 to 5. 906 Market st
• H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
I reading: lessons In class and private. 617 Jones.
¦ PARTNERS WANTED.
'. WANTED— A partner to manufacture cement
l lime, ready mixed mortar and building ma-
terials: established business. Box 3676, Call.
1 PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELI^-Offlce^andresidencT
1021 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh!
: DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, i successfully
treats all diseases of the human body see
• testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
i FREE lectures by Mary O. Stanton, SlO^LeavI
enworth— Faces read from the audience; Sun-
day. 8 o'clock: Thursdays at 3; lessons given.
PILES.
' NEARLY 1000 permanenT^u7eTTie7e~in~your
: midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years-
over fifty names of prominent business men
i | sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
' delay from business, and no salves for sale
Particulars address Physician, box 1950 Call
office. S. F.. Cal. " " I
MADISON & BURKE, ¦—
Established January, 1S58.
Real Estate Agents
Full Charge Taken ¦of Property.
. 626 Market st s , opposite Palace Hotel.
Geary st., inside Larkln; 50x137:6; partially
improved; only $25,000; cheapest offering on the
Cheap— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; - con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25; j
only $2900. . I
$5500— Broadway, near Octavia st. 7 rooms I
?«,«, tn: a nl '" e home in ch °lce section; lot I
JoXlol.
Two Hals; Clinton Park, near Dolores St.-
rent $340 per, year; price only $3000
$ i 5( ?!~;r ven i ietn w? t " near Valen cia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 23x114.
$15.000— Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city
T^fw 5OO T Pa i' s $78 pcr m ? nth : flats; Scott, near
Ellis; 31x137 :<«.
$2500— Twenty-fifth St., near Sancher; 6 rooms
and bath.
$25C0— House and lot; Rondel place, near Six-
teenth and Valencia; 22:2x64; rents $22.
$3000— Morris avu., near Bryant st; double
house; rents $24: lot 25x75.
$4500— Folsom St.. near Eighth; 25x90; two
houses at $16 each; total $32. j
$5000— Post st, near Baker; lot and Improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close e? I ate.
$t£0O— Pine st.. near Scott; two flats; rents
$57 50; lot 25xlS7:6.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north line
of Lombard St., between Fillmore and Steiner:
also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st.. In rear; rents j
$73 per month; must be sold on account of non-
residence. I
$4650— Nineteenth st. near Valencia; large |
house In fine condition; this is a snap. i
$10.500 — Fine vacant property; lot 37.6x90, with
two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; just
the place for a grocery.
$3600— Cheap: Sixth st, near Brannan; 2 flats;
there !s i good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet et.. near Howard: lot '50x75.
holding frontage to Sixth st. ; rent $56.
$4000— Leavenworth St., near Jackson; 8 rooms
and bath: 22:6x115.-
$1950— Florida st., near Twenty-fifth; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Monteomery st."
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
On north side Vallejo st., between Scott and
Devisadero sts.; size 34:4x137:6; price only $5500;
splendid marine view.
RENTS $66— Price $6250.
Sunny house and flats on Vallejo St. ; in good
condition; new plumbing, etc.; always rented;
large lot, 43:9x137:6; on north side of street.
Rents $63. price $7000; 3 flats on Howard st.,
in erood condition, between Twelfth and Thir-
teenth sts.; lot 25x137:6.
. FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
This side of 8th st; ktt 52:6x94 feet; store and
flats rented $95 monthly; price $12,000. "
CAPP STREET.
s-'oom cottage on Capp st.; 30-foot lot; price
$4000.
WASHINGTON. NEAR VAN NESS.
Fine old residence; could be turned into flats
at small expense; large sunny lot; a good buy-
price $S50O. ,
IN THE MISSION.
2 flats on Twenty-first st. 5 rooms each; rent I
$27; price $3250. j
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
On Sacramento st. near Webster st. • key
lot; 7 rooms and bath; price $4600; quick sale
wanted.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
CT^eap corner lot, commanding marine view
on Pacific avenue, near fine residences; offer
wanted.
SHOTWELL STREET.
6-room cottage on Shotwell st.. head 22d-
price $2750; $1500 mortgage can stand.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS! All over town;
McAFEE BROTHERS.
; IPS Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
Houses Rented. . Rents Collected' and Full
' Charge Taken of Property.
.on,™ r~u . 624 MARKET STREET.
$30,0CO— Choice corner on Jones st., near O'Far-
rell; frame buildings upon same at present
renting for $102 per month; if the property Is
improved would pay 10 per cent net' we haw
proposition at office.
$25,000—4 new flats, on Leavenworth st near
Pine; lot 42:6x115 feet: rents $217 50 per month
$20.00O-Cholce northwest corner on Dev"^
dero st. near Fulton; lot 100x137:6 feet; splen-
did location for flats. . p
$18.000— Choice residence on Gough st near
Uon^Yot^S^eet 3111 ' '" fl ™t-cla SS -condi-
$15,000— Choice residence, on Octavia st near
California; 12 rooms and bath; flrst-class"condl-
tion; lot 39:6x137:6 feet, j
$13,000— Howard st, near Sixth; 3-storv build-
ing containing 2 flats of 7, 8 rooms and bath and
store below; always rented; rents $90 per
month: this is a choice Investment. !
$12,000— Hayes st, near Buchanan; 2 modern
flats on Hayes st. and 2 on Linden ave : lot 27-6
xl20 feet; rents $90 per month. ' l <-6
$8500—3 choice flats, on Jackson st near Brod
erick; 6. 7. 8 rooms and bath; rents $78 50 per
month; lot 25xl27:8Vi feet. . '
$5000— 22d St., near Guerrero; 3 modern flats-
rents J53 per month. '
$1500 — Choice corner, on Montgomery and Fil-
bert bts. ; lot 50x77:6 feet; store and upper flat"
rents J50 per month. '
$3600—2 choice flats, on Broderick St.; rents $36
per month. ' *
$1700-Choice cottage, on Diamond st., near
$2800— Shipley st., near 4th: 3 flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; rents $33 per month
$1450— Choice lot on Dolores St., near ISth-
size 30x£5 feet. '
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
GET MARRIED AND BUY A HOME '
$4000 each— Two new houses; 7 rooms' bath-
everything up to date; big lot; Castro 'st not
far from Market; will be finished in 2 weeks.
$E3:0— Four flats: almost new; rent $48; good bisr
lot, near Market and Sixth sts. S
$2600— House, 7 rooms and bath; sunny side of
street; 25x75; nr Third; any one's bargain.
$26,0C0-Five elegant flats; Sutter st: down
town: rent $200. ' . n
$3500 — House of 10 rooms and bath, with large
corner saloon ; Twentieth and Illinois sts •
cost J3EC0 to build. '
$5250— Two flats of 5 and 6 roonfa; good as new-
on sunny side: rents $45; 100 feet from Third.'
$3000— House, 9 rooms and bath; stable for six
horses; lot 50x134; mortgage $2100 can remain.
$3800— House. 7 rooms and bath ; modern •" biir
lot; rent $35; lovely home. * "
$2250 — Cottape. 4 rooms and. bath; lot 23x100-
Sanchez, near 28th st.
$8500—3 fitores, 3 flats; lot 55x80; corner; south
Market; rent $S0.
$lC00— Cottage, C rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
mortgage of ?SCO can remain.-
W. J. HBALY, real estate and* insurance
broker. 630 Market st.,. opposite Palace Hotel.
THE prettiest suburb San Francisco' is
"Ocean View"; 5 cents on electric cars; trans-
fers you all over city; why pay rent when a
home can be secured easy? I will sell you
2 nice level lots, near school, on install-
ments. $125 each; 1 or 4 extra flne lots, same
terms. $150 each; or nice cottage with flower
garden and 2 lots for $800, or a lovely 4-room
house with bath, high basement, street grad-
ed, near cars. .$1100; or a 5-room house bath
stationary washtubs. hot and cold water, lot
50x250, $1500; or a large lot, greenhouse. "25x60
feet, barn, good well, also Spring Valley
water, and Bmall cottage. $GCO. THISTLE-
TON. Sadowa at. Ocean View. :
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell ? I . want to
build a home: state price and location of lot-
cash. Box 3567, Call office. ¦-¦¦'¦ .. .
J2500— 5-ROOM cottage; latest Improvements.
Apply 310 Jersey st.. near Noe. .-s. £.•-,,.•;••; «
MOXEV TO . LOAN— Continued.
- HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
!" liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
. est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946, Market
J Bt; teL Main 1641. Branch 19 Third st.
r LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
: party; no removal; no commission; oonflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
- ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
> quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
' age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
» ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
, _$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
• MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
I HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
; 3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
; no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
OX salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
I F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
' LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
1 plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building-
" low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
1 T 5F,? 0U8ley Company; loans and discounts.
I 321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
• indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
. ____ MOXEY» AVAXTED.
OUR clients demand we make loans for them
and offer 6 per cent interest upon flrst-class
securities only. West Coast Investment Co.,
Phelnn building. :
-MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
$75 or $100 or $150 or $200 is not too much to pay
for a gtwd second-hand piano— if you buy at
the right place. This is the right place and
we have lets of good bargains to show; we
give the privilege of exchanging any piano
purchased from us for a Decker & Son at
any time within 5 years from date of pur-
chase and allow full amount paid
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769
Market et.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth ft.. Oakland. .
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
341 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE, 314 Post st, between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knahe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO
0'Farrell st; established 1850.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
f>on. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling. $75. S123, $143. etc. : easy payments.
BEXJ. CURTAZ &. SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chiekerlnsr. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAINS — Clearance sale bargains; uprleht
pianos. $75 and upward; Steinway, Knabe,
Emerson, Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
PARTIES wishing to take advantage of our
sacrifice sale of high-«rrade pianos must call
before the 20th. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
BARGAINS— Fischer, Weber. Manner. Nugent.
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister .st.
ALL makes: great bargain lift: $50 up: rent*
$2 up allowed. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Geary st.
XEW works put In your old piano. BYROX
MAUZY'S Factory, 208 Post et.
HIGHEST price allowed for your old piano in
exchange. BYRON MAUZY'S, SOS Post st.
LARGE 3-pedal uprltrht piano: absolute sacri-
fice; leaving city. 127 Hyde st. near Turk.
AN upright piano: must be sold: owner leav-
lng. HORNUXG. 216 McAllister st.
CLOSING out stock of pianos: prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117-MAHOGANY rase Fischer upright. 217
Geary st. room 3S. t ¦
A FIXE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSIC UOXES.
MUSIC BOXES — Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
years; fine Swiss an.'. American music boxes
a specialty. 763 Market fit. bet. 3d and 4th.
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness nnd the rlKht party to deal with.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
AN elegant, new modern store to let; low
rent: fine location; good for any business.
315 O'Farrell St., near Ma£on; see it.
WHOLE building to lease. 13 Grant ave. ; fine
location; suitable any business; rear en-
trance.
BAPEMEXT to let with large bake oven; rent
$10. 106 Eleventh st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Funnv o'fices. $15 to $20: usual services.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acren of oil land In nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co., 326 Post Open evenings.
OIL tank*, second-hand, in good order; all
Fiz»s: cheap. H. S. 'WTTTTK. nl<S Mission «t.
OIL LAXDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands*
or wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
PHFA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PE3RSOXALS.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st, and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Flfth.Oakland.
ALL who are interested in the care of their
hair, either well or diseased, are solicited to
call and re<* testimonials gratis. Mrs. E. R.
Dunlap, 34 Kearny st. ; formerly 6 Eddy st.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, J20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no kntfe, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. f'anc»r Institute, 121 :
West Forty-second Bt.. N. Y.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or - double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
"CUPID'S Dart," best matrimonial paper;
many wealthy clients; send 10c for sample '
1016 Market Et.. S. F. ,
REFINED lady would like to correspond with
honorable gentleman; object matrimony. Box
3.',C2, Call. ,
PATRICK BURKE, mlsslnjr. will please call
or address MRS. CARBERRY, 234 Shipley St.
GENTLFMAN desires the acquaintance of a
lady; object matrimony. ¦ Box 3560, Call.
TOURISTS owning Eastman kodaks can have
films exposed by an artist Box 3566. Call.
COMPETENT lady musician desires few more
select patrons. Address lux 3685, Call offlc-j.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 981 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
LADIES' tailor suits made to order; reasonable
S. KRAMER, Ladles' Tailor, 220 Powell st. "
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMR Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter et. •
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. , . .
REAL^ESTATE CITY — FOR '. SALE.
• G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st,
1 »,«™ • Real Estate Agents.
1 *40,000— Eddy st.,. near Van Ness ave.; 6 mod-
ern fiats of 10 rooms and bath each; rent
i *•>-«« J360 ° Der annum; 50:2x120 to rear street.
1 »3o,000 — Fine corner on Van Ness ave., covered
at present with old improvements; rents
. nominal; would pay handsomely If im-
, proved; 60x107.
$27,000— Near 4th f and Howard sts." ; eood lm-
• . provements renting for $207 per month;
runs through and fronting on rear street;
mortgage of $21,000 in Hibernia Bank >
; : - must be sold; 60x155.
1 $25,000— Rents $253S per annum ;' corner on Wal-
ler st., near Duboce Park; 6 flats of
9-8-6 rooms and bath each and 10-room
house; 72xi*."ixS5.
, $18,000— Nice corner on Valencia St.: well im-
. ' proved ; rented to permanent tenants for
$128 per month; 65x117 to small street in
•¦rear; in pood order.
$15,000 — Store property; corner on Sansome St.;
rents $110 per month; steadily rented.
$13,500— Business property on 2d st., renting for
$1£9 50 per month; 50 feet front; store and
upper of 16 rooms and 4 flats.
$8,500— Iients $780 per annum; corner on Bush
st. and grocery store stock and good will:
and flat above of 7 rooms and bath and
large basement. . .
$6,500— Rents $732 per annum; Stockton st,
near California; 3 bay-window flats of
6-5-4 rooms and bath each.
$6,500— Frederick st; modern two-story and
basement residence of 8 rooms and bath;
20:3x100. . « .
$5,500 — 2 stores and flat on Montgomery St.,
close to Pacific; rents $47 50 per month.
$2,000— Rents $420 per annum; Pine st, near
Devisadero; 2 Hats, 5-4 rooms each; 2o:9x
127:6.
$4,1CO— Rents $384 per annum ; Treat-ave. in-
vestment; front house of 5 room3 and
bath and rear house 4 rooms and stable:
25x112:6. .
$3,500— Rents $360 per annum; Rausch st. ; '2
good 2-story houses of 6 rooms and bath
each; 25x112. : • :
j $3,500— Rents ?4S0 per annum; near 9th and
I Harrison sts.; 4 tenements; 24xS3.
$3,CC0— Kine building lot on Devisadero St.; 25
X323.
$2,800— Grocery store property, near ISth and
Mission sts.; improvements consist of
store and 4 rooms and flat of 5 rooms
above: rent $25 per month; 25x80. .. ¦ i
$2,700 — By order of the German Bank: corner j
near the Park: store and tenement; good I
corner for flats; 32:6x100.
$1,750— Cottage with stable attached on Henry
• st.; 25x100. .." -
Choice list of building lots in all parts of the
city. Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
j Records" containing a list of properties for
I sale in all portions of the city. Latest pocket
map of San Francisco, 25c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Real Estate Agents.
j G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Street
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
At Our Salesroom. MONDAY, June 17, 1901,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
» REFEREES' SALE.
The following piece of property by order of
G. H. Umbsen and Jacob Brownstone. referees,
subject to confirmation by the court:
I 238 Sixth et. and 69-71-3 Harriet st— Improve-
j ments consist of store, lodging-house of 18
rooms and 3 tenements (double frontage); 12:6x
I 155. <
REFEREE SALE."
By Order of G. H. Umbsen, Sole Referee.
Stockton st., east line, between North Point
and Beach sts., 137:6x275 (3 frontages)— This
choice holding suitable for manufacturing pur-
Poses; subject to confirmation by the court.
! CHOICE MARKET-ST. CORNER.
I SW. cor. Market and Twelfth sts.^-This
choice corner (three frontages) Is partly covered
I by improvements, which consist of store, cot-
j tage and S flats; rents nominal, $100 per month;
I lot 25:llxlfi5, with L 50x75.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
454-6-8 Hayes et:, north line, bet. Gousjh and
Octavia sts.— Substantial three-story and base- |
ment building, containing store with 2 rooms, j
well-ll(?hted basement and 2 flats above of 6 I
and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $90 per |
month; lot 29:6x120 to Ivy ave.
PARTITION SALE. I*
465 Minna st, near Sixth — Improvements con-
sist of good building, containing 4 tenements;
rents $48 oer month: lot 23x75.
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
1904 Devisadero st., east line, near Pine— Cozy
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath: street
bituminized and accepted by the city; lot 27:6
xlOO.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
NW. cor. Howard and Twenty-sixth sts.—
Improvements consist of 2 stores and 2 flats of
7 and 5 rooms each; rent $65 per month; lot
60x60.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE. .
509 Steiner st, west line, near Fell— Cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; street accepted by the
city; lot 27:6x110.
M. LACLAVERIE ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
509 Lombard st:, SW. cor. Lombard alley, bet.
Stockton and Powell pts. -2-story brick build-
ing of 6 rooms: rent $2(* per month.
HENRY ESPEL ESTATE.
2120 Howard st.. bet. 17th and ISth— Bay-win-
dow house of 8 rooms and bath ; brick founda-
tion, etc.; rent $30 per month: lot 25x122:6.
NEW MISSION COTTAGE. .
31 Eureka Et.. bet. 17th and ISth— A new bay-
window cottase of C rooms and attic; lot 23
xI25.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS & INVESTMENT.
Number 1.
I Folsom st. east line. bet. 20th and 21st— Two
I choice building lots; street bituminized; .23x95
j each.
Number 2.
2457 Folsom st., east line,, bet. 20th and 21st—
Improvements consist of stable on ground floor I
and flat of 6 rooms and bath above; street j
bituminized: lot 25x35.
MARY LEAHY ESTATE.
410-2 Harriet St.. off- Brannan, bet. 6th and
7th — Improvements consist of 2 cottages of 3
rooms each: lot 25x75.
For further particulars apply G. H. UMBSEN
6 CO., 14 Montgomery E t.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
Real Estate Brokers.
Rooms 41 and 42, Chronicle building.
MANUFACTURING CENTER.
Brick improvements and lot; Beale st, near
Market.
WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
Howard st, near Second; frame buildings;
always rented.
FORCED SALE.
Western Addition flats; 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; 25x137:6; rents $:>5 per month.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$$a0 cash— Modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; 27x105; on car line;
$1200 bank mortgage can remain.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
$7S0. cash — Modern ccttage; 4 rooms and
bath; hi£h basement: 25x101; bank mortgage
of $750 can remain.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$1100— Twenty-second, near Castro; unob-
structed view; elegant neighborhood for flats;
25x114. ; !
LONG LIST OF CHEAP LOTS.
0 V,'. F. .AMBROSE & CO..
Rooms 41 and 42, Chronicle building.
FOR SALE BY W. H. CRIM &' CO..
US Montgomery st.
$G50'> — 3 flats. I. T. and 5 and bath each; 2Sx79:6:
13th, near Howard; half oash. •
$55Cu— Clara, near 4th; 3 flats, 6 rooirs and
bath each; 25x75.
I $523lK— Market, near Church: 6 rooms and bath:
25xlC0; mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent.
$. r .00G — Fiibei't, nr. Fijlmore; hoi-S3 of 10 r. & b
and on Pixley st, 4 r. & b. ; 2Sxl o ii'
$32"0— 21st, near Valencia; 6 r. and b.; 25x113.
$3000— Madison ave., near Harrison; flat3 3 and
4 rooms; rent J22; 25x75. . i
$4000— San Bruno nve., near 24th: flats 4 and 8
rooms and bath; EOxlGO. j
$2330— Flats fi and 6 rooms and bath; Alabama I
near 22d; 2«xlC0; part cash. !
$1000— House 7 rooms and bath; 23x100; Ocean
View; half cash. • .
$1800— Dolores, near 22d: 30:6x117:6 to alley
I »l?0O— AVhlting. near 30th: G0x12.i..
$1250 — Douglass, near 17th; 23x125. •
?125O— Liberty. - near Dolores; 25x114.
?100— Bright St., near Shields, Ocean View; 23
xlOO. ;
HAWKS & SKELTON.
. Rents Collected and F.ntire Charge Taken
of Property.
$3000— Home In Mission warm belt: San Carlos
avc. near Mission and Twentieth; 7 rooms and
bath: street bituminized; sidewalk concrete.
$1000 — Green, close to Hyde-st. cars; nice home
of 7 rooms; fine viov.- of bay.
$650(V— Investment; 'O'Farrcll. near Laguna;
rents $50; never vacant; pee us about this.
$2500— Cottage, R rooms; Tennessee Ft., /near
Union Iron Workg; rents steadily $20: a bar-
gain; Rlrrlon Works will soon- have 2000 mere
men employed nea,- by.
$3000 — Ijot on south side Chestnut et., west of
Hyde; 27:6x110; line view of bay. -,
$5500— Lot on Green, near Hyde-st. cars;
68:9x137; will subdivide; marine view.
$1500 — Cheap lot; • Russell, near Hyde- and
Union: '49x60; will pay well If Improved.'
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.' 1
FINE business and residence corner; pays 8
¦ per cent on investment.
$1700— 7 Chencry St.; modern cottage; 7 rooms:
lot 24x75.
$275i>— 2 flats on Nineteenth St. ; lot 23x114 * "
$3000— 2 flats 5 rooms, bath each; lot 25x123.
Lot 100x100 on#Eleventh st. near Mission,
with Improvements; bargain.
7 lots. Including corner; must be sold at any
price. . * ' . V - .¦
S. W. corner Seventeenth and Church sts. ; lot I
100x100; will subdivide; improved. ,
S.E. corner Nineteenth and Hartford ets. ; lot
and Improvements; 75x86. ' s;
$1100— Cottage 4 rooms; lot 26x70; near Dolores
and Seventeenth sts. *• . ,
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square. !
$450 ONLY!— Large cheap- lot, > 50x140; 2 blocks
from cars; will keep family with chickens
and cow; sure to improve In value. CHAS.
WILLMOTT, 916 Market st.
NORTHWEST corner Haight and Fillmore-
137:6x150:6; price ! $40,000. ASHTON & GAR-
, DINER. 411 Montgomery st. .
D. COFFIN'S cigar store, opp. Twenty-ninth
st:, on' Mission, for bargain; S-room house on
lot 25x83 ft. on Mission st., and some bargains
in cottages on easy terms. - -\ ' . - - , v
MODERN 6-room houses on easy payments on
Elizabeth st.,: near Douglas. J." ANDER-
«¦ SON. builder. ¦ _ .,•;,-;,;.;,THE SAK -FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JXTNE 16, 1901.
30
ROOMS TO LET— Faro, and, Pnf-trTi.
LARKIN, 816A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
J'able prices; private house. -
LARGE sunny room, two blocks from hroad-
eauge; breakfast if desired. Address _il»
Buena Vista ave., Alameda. . *
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem - them. -
LEAVENWORTH, 405, near Ellis— Furnished
rooms to let." "«¦';' : ¦
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
_nlshed rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms to let. Inquire gro-
cery, cor. Clay and Mason sts. _____
M'CLELLAND, 200 Turk st.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: 50c to $3 per day.
MOST delightful furnished apartments in San
' Francisco; new six-story stone building; elec-
, trie elevator; every convenience. Hotel Gray-
stone. 66 Geary st. : steam heated.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, 217 (The Ellisdell)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; single or en suite.
POST. 426— Nicely furnished suites and single;
$2 50 week upward; transient; tourists ac-
commodated; central. ,
j POST. 636— Single front rooms, large parlor;
grate, running ¦water, bath; board.
POST, 827— Two large sunny rooms in rear for
lady or gentleman; can do housekeeping.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 236— Furnished front room to let;
$5. , _________
SHOTWELL, 57— Double or single room to rent
in private family^ '
SHOTWELL, 121, near 16th— Furnished front
room; ?3 50 per month. ¦-
STEVENSON. 4C9— Sunny furnished rooms; sin-
gle or en suite; from $1 upward. •
SIXTH, 352—2 large sunny rooms; closets;
bath; $8. $7.
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottington— Few choice*
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
VAN NESS ave., 1109— Single rooms; furnished;
reasonable; bath; phone.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
ValPTifia st.
' ROOMS AND HOARD.
AN exceDtional table: pleasant rooms; good
service: popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke. 808 Bush— Ntw house: newly
furnished; suites with bath: perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment: elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. .__
A MOST desirable suite of sunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with board, for two ladles or
two gentlemen or married couple: no chil-
dren: references. 743 Castro, near Twentieth.
BERTLING. 736 Bush — Elegant sunny suites:
also single rooms: billiards for amusement of
guests; superior table; terms reasonable.
SUNNY front room. With board, in Western
. Addition for 2 young men. For terms, etc.,
address box 3564. Call office.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent tableandservice^
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home) — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny ¦ rooms, en suite and single,
with board.
HANDSOMELY furnished sunny rooms with
board;. use pallor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
PINE. 100C (The Victor) — New management:
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission — Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Reoelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: special . rates (to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting: board optional.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANT room and board, $25 a month, between
Market. Howard Third and Fourth sts. G.
J. FARNSWORTH. 63S-640 Mission st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 4 sunny unfurnlsbed rooms and
bath, for housekeeping; east of Van Ness
and south of California; give full particulars
and price. Address box 3559. Call . office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 55S0.
SEWISG MACHINES ASP SUPPLIES.
LATEST Improved sewing machines of all
makes for sale: all kinds repaired at your
own price; rented. 'At 2216 Mission, near
Nineteenth; phone 19D2.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE -^^J^^^i^P^^^^^
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post a*id Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion st. ; tel. .Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ?320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281. '
SUMMER RESORTS.
CAMP lots to sell or lease In Redwood range,
west of Gllroy; ocean views, fine scenery,
charming and healthful resorts; groves of
delightful shade: pure air and water. Ad-
cTress box 232. Gilroy. Cal.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 92 (20 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market at., on and after
Thursday, June 20, 1901. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, June 13, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
""__ PROPOSALS. ' ~
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect, Washington. . D. C. June 6. 1901.—
Sealed proposals w411 be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the loth day of
'July, 1901, and then opened for the new boil-
er plant and. new feed pumps, etc., for the
U. S. Branch Mint at San Francisco, Cal., la
accordance with the drawings and speciflca-
* tions, copies j of which may be obtained at
this office or at the office of the superinten-
dent at San Francisco, Cal., at the discre-
tion of the supervising architect. JAMES
¦ KNOX TAYLOR. Supervising Architect.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. W?
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John Baumgartner, 29, city, and ¦ Melon!
Imsande, 26. city.-' . ..
Karl R. Wanner, 38, 611 Ellis street, and
Catherine Murray, 45, 524 Turk street
Carl S. Hertzog, 24, Los Angeles, and Mar-
garet "A. Frost,. 23, Cosmopolis, Wash.
Robert Muller, 35, city, and Josephine Win-
ter, 25, city.
Alexander V. Frledberger, 1 31, * Lodl. and
Flora Tobriner, 22. city.
Bartholomew Mahoney. 32, 44 Woodward ave-
nue, and Susan Taher, 25, 831 Oak street
Conrad R. Gardelius, 31, 785 Stevenson street,
and Hilda C. Olson. 31. 1207 Hyde street.
Horace W. Wlllmott, 26, 317 Bush street, and
•Mary Shaw, 22, 9 Howard court.
Charles L. Harrison, 36, 1001 Pine street, and
Agnes E. Ohenhoff, 34, 645 Folsom street.
Fred W. Mohr, 27. 101 Bartlett street, and
Mathllde Kuhn. 20. 1709% Eddy street
Patrick J. Kelly, 49, 405 Thirteenth street
and Mary Murley. 40. 405 Thirteenth street-
Nathan Gross, 23, 429 Clementina street and
Etta Falk. 22. 232^ Sixth street.
Daniel F. Crowell, 25. 404 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Mary Gilfeather, 22, 261- Perry street.
William E. Warner, 22, Oakland, and Ida M.
Keim. 25. Oakland. . , - .
Luigt Ghirardelll. 37, 26 Hawthorne street,
and Madalena Lavezzo, 22, 17 Water street.
I Antone C. Carlson. 27.' 727% Minna street.
and Flora Olson; 19, 727% Minna street
William -J, Whelan, 43. 549. Howard street,
and Marguerite Anglade. 38,- 549 Howard street.
- Joseph I. Brunschwtler, 23, 1650B Hayes
street, and Agnes L. Moody, 21. 785 Hayes st.
Giuseppe Garri. 23, city, and Rosie Glozosi.
21, city.. '-¦-*¦
Frederick L. Reinke. 20. 576 Chestnut street,
and Julia Lavarone, 23. 15A8 Broadway.
, James J. Stanley, .28, Vallejo. and Nellie
Glynn, 25, -Vallejo. ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Herman F. Lee. 21. Oakland, and Rosemond
Sehulze. 23, Oakland.
Louis H. Fales, 31, Chicago, and Alice M.
Week, 27, city. ,
REAL ESTATE-^ITY~-FOR SA j LE -
SHAEVWAIJ), BCCKBEE & CO. . -¦-— -~-
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
21S-220 Montgomery Street.
CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND SEVENTH.
$30,000— Lot 75x125 feet; good Improvements,
renting- for $225; for full particulars call
at office.
"WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
n.OCO — Clay, near Baker; 2 modern fiats, € and
7 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 feet front; a
rare chance.
INVESTMENT CLOSE TO TOWN.
$6. 7B0— Leavenworth: lot SO-60 feet, with 4 t-
etory houses; rents $53 60; must be sold
to close an estate.
S. E. CORNER WASHINGTON AND MASON.
$11,000— Reduced from $12,600— Lot 82:6x81:10,
¦with 2-story double bouse of 12 rooms
and bath; mortgage $5SC0 can remain
bx 6 i>er cent.
FIFTH STREET.
$4,000— Lot 25x100 feet, with good improve-
ments; front and rear house: rents *25;
mortgage $3000 can remain if desired.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$16,500— Three modern houses, 12 rooms and bath
each; rents $142 50; always rented; lot
6i>k137:6 feet; Washington St., Inside of
Lark in.
FIXE KEW RESIDENCE.
$8,600— Waller et.. near Masonic ave.; lot 25x
137:6 feet; 2 stories; brick foundation;
10 rooms and bath.
BIG BARGAIN.
|2S,CC0 — Northeast corner Sixth and Clementina
eu; lot 25x80:6 feet; 2 stores with 22
rooms above; rent $160.
IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$37,500 — Close to Howard 6t.. near Second: largw
lot. 75x160 feet, through to rear street:
present rents $115; 6hould have new
building.
LOOK AT THIS TO-DAY.
$1.850— Cost $4000; bey-window cottage of S
rooms; bath and basement: 8649 Twen-
ty-first at., bet. Church and Sanchez;
lot 50_114 feet; a great chance to get a
house.
MARTNB VIEW-BROADWAY.
$14,000— North side of Broadway et., near La-
guna; residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 22:6x137:6 feet; with unobstructed
marine view.
KLEGAXT MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE*
PACIFIC HEIGHTS DISTRICT.
$20.00>-lst floor, living room, finished in Span-
ish cedar, dining-room in oak. kitchen
and butler'6 pantry; second floor, five
bedrooms and bath, poreclaln tub; attic,
four bedrooms and bath, unfinished at-
tic for trunks; basement, floor con-
crete; two finished rooms; laundry,
¦wine closet, furnace room.
SACRAMEXTO-ST. LOT.
$1,800— North line, near Laurel St.; lot 25x100
feet; etreet work all done; very good
neighborhood.
PAGE-ST. CORXER.
$16,000— New flats; rents $142 50 monthly; a very
good investment; 6 tenants in all; lot
27:6x112:6 feet; rents ate low and can
be increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$15,000— 2-story building; rents $110; a foreclos-
ure sale.
THIS IS A BARGAIN.
$S,500 — Northeast corner Central ave. and Clay
Bt.; lot 60x100 feet.
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
117,000— Residence, contains 12 rooms and 8
baths; salon parlors, dining-room, sit-
ting room, kitchen. 7 sunny bedrooms:
house alone cost price asked; lot 28x109:9
feet.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
$S,009— Stores and flat; 3 tenants; rents $60;
lot 30x122:6 feet.
$7.500— Southwest corner GREEN AND OCTA-
VIA STS.; lot 60x124:7 feet; must be
sold; no reasonable offer will be refused.
LOOK AT THIS INVESTMENT.
f_?,EOO— O'Farrell Bt., near Hyde, two houses;
rents $140; lot 45 feet front; a positive
bargain and must fcs sold.
VAN NESS, NEAR PACIFIC.
IS500— Van Ness-ave. residence; bargain; lot
a lone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath; near Pacific ave.; lot 25-100 feet.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$13,500
North Bide of Vallejo St., between Buchanan
«_nd Webster; lot 40 feet front by S17:6 feet in
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baxhs; house about 5 years old; inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains in marine view homes ever put on the
market; lot and Improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over $15,000.
INVESTXIENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7000— Rents $92 per menth; south of Market
tt., between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
EHAIXWALD, BCXTKBEE & CO..
? 218-23) Montgomery et.. Mills building.
6UNNYSIDE—
$1000— House, 7 rooms and bath; $14 per
month will buy this home.
$700 — Cottage of 4 rooms; this property will
be 6old for mortgage; no payment
down; $9 SO per month.
$1250— Desirable house of 6 rooms; this prop-
erty will be sold for mortgage; any rea-
sonable cash payment; balance same as
rent.
Ineleside.
J1600— Modern house of six rooms and bath;
fine view of ocean; free water; Faxton
avenue; monthly payment $23 40; no
payment down.
$6000^ — Beautiful modern residence of 8 rooms
and bath; conservatory, stable and
other buildings ; lawn, flowers and
ehrubbery; lot 100x122 feet 6 Inches;
email payment down, balance monthly.
A. E. RUDDELL, 222 Sansome, r. 2. 1st floor.
BUILDING lots $5 monthly; one block from
22d-street cars; graded and eewered.
Boulevard lots ready to build on, 1 block from
electric cars; a fine Investment.
On easy terms, 2 nice flats on Hartford st..
1 block from Castro.
$100 each; lots 25x100; one-half block from
Ean Mat^o cars.
J flats on Guerrero st., B. 6 rooms; terms easy.
5-room cottase, Tremont avenue.
5-room cottase, Ba.n Bruno ave. & 24th «t.
6-room cottaee, 2 blocks from 22d-street elec-
tric cars. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
ONLY $10 a month to provide your family with
a house and lot.
Just built 4-room and attic cottage, with bath
and basement; large lot; sunny side; sanl- !
tary plumbing, mantel, and near Mission-st. ¦
car line. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
H. E. POEHLMAX. Realty and Insurance.
304 Montgomery fct.
521,750— Rents $1380 yearly; downtown invest-
ment
$17.000— Large corner, partially lmcroved;
rents $1270 yearly; one-third cash, balanci at
C per oent; Western Addition.
$2600 — Diamond, near Eighteenth; modern i
cottage 5 rooms, bath, basement; lot 28x125.
$1250 each— Lombard St., near Lacuna; 2 lots
each 27:6x120 to rear street
$700. maybe less— Ninth ave., near Point
Lobos ave.; 25x120; ready to build on.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Superior lots; choicest bargains: cal! and be
co_vlnced.
$100. $150. $200 to $350— Level Ocean Boule-
v>_-d lots; ready to build on; near cars; $5
monthly.
Select our Sunset lots; graded and sewered;
all bargalne; building up rapidly; don't watt;
$500 to $103; Installments.
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $800 — We can positively suit you In
Richmond lots; easy terms.
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlssion-st
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAIXS IN COTTAGES ON
EASY TERMS.
$4500— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and
driveway; 50x120; choicest street in Richmond
$3500— Best built 7-room cottage; Richmond.
S2000 — 6-room cottage; choice St.; Richmond. '
$1350 each — 2 splendid cottages In Sunset.
11000— 3-room cottage: Richmond.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
E4 Chronicle building.
ARE YOTT LOOKING FOR BARGAINS T
These properties must be sold.
Email flats renting for $336 per year; always
rested to good tenants and in good condition.
Price. $2755.
Lot on California et.: very large, 30x100 feet.
Only $7S0.
Lot on Panhandle; $3000 refused for this lot
a chort time ago; 25x137:6. Price, $2500.
» The owner of these properties has gone East
to remain and has given positive instructions
to me to Bell them, and I am determined to
carry out his instructions. The properties ¦will
positively be sold; somebody will get bargains;
¦why not you?
HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market Bt.
NEW COLONIAL RESIDENCES
Just Completed,
On Lyon St., bet. Clay and Washington,
11 Sunny Rooms in Each.
Hardwood finish; 4 grand mantels; electric
lighting: tiled bath with hardwood floor; the
very best of plumbing and workmanship
throughout houses; everything that Is needeo.
In a modern, first-class residence; see them at
once: op«i for inEpectlon, or apply to DAN
EINSTEIN, owner and builder, 117 Sutter «C
A ENAP— New 4-room cottage; $985. Inquire
Btore, Montcalm end Alabama Eta.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ALBRECHT— In this city. June 9. 1901. to the
wife of R. Albrecht. a daughter.
COOPER— In this city, May 27, 1901, to ths
wife of W. E. Cooper, a daughter.
GOEPFERT— In this city. June 14. 1901, to the
wife of Ed W. Goepfert. a son.
HIGHLANDER— In this city, June 12. 1901. to
the wife of Oscar Highlander, a daughter.
KELLY— In Oakland. June 12. 1901, infant son
of Thomas W. and Julia Kelly.
LIND— In this city. June 4, 18W. to the wife
of J. A. Llnd, a daughter. N
MORRIS— In this city. June 14, 1901. to the
wife of Norman K. Morris, a daughter.
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city, May 29, 1301. to
the wife of M. J. O'Callaghan. a son.
PETERSON— In this city. June 12. 1901. to the
wife of R. Peterson, a daughter.
RIZZO— In this city. June 11. 1901. to the wife
of Joseph E. Rizzo, a daughter.
SANDERS— To the wife of Frank E. Sanders.
a daughter. ~ '
SCHMITZ— In this city, to the wife of F. M.
Schmltz. a daushter.
TISD\LE— In l*s Gatos, June 8, 1901, to tha
wife of J. B. Tlsdale, a son.
WELLS— In this city, June 6, 1901. to the wife
of William S. Wells, a son.
WIEBOLDT— In this city. June 12. 1901, to the
wife of William Wieboldt. a son.
~ - MARBIEB.
AURADOU-LAURHENT-April 10. 1901. by
the Rev. Father John F. Nugent, Anthony
Leon Auradou and Madeleine Marie Laur-
BOERNSEN-VON SPIEGEL-In this city,
June 11, 1901. by the Rev. J. FuendeUng.
Willlbald J. L. Boernsen and Paula Rosa
von Spiegel.
BRIAN— WALKER— In this city, June 5. 1301.
by the Rev. S. J. Lee. Bose M. Brian and
! May Isabel Walker, both of San Francisco.
KINKADE— BOYD— In this city. June 13. 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendelinsr. Samuel Robert
Klnkade and Eva Bell Boyd.
KOENIG— WACHTER— In this city, JJine 15.
1901, by the Rev. J. FuendeUng. William J.
Koenig and Annie Wachter.
McBIRNET— EARLE— In Menlo Park. June 5.
1301 by the Rev. Father Smyth. Alexander
McBIrney and Margaret Wilfred Earle.
MASSON-MAYERS-In this city. June 13, 1901,
by the Rev. J. Fuendelinff, Ernest J. Mas-
son and Vera Mayers.
MEDUS — BENNERCHEIDT — In this elty.
June 1. 1S01. Peter Medus and Agnes Ben-
nercheidt. both of San Francisco.
SCHWARZ— FEISEL— In this city. June 1.
1901. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Dempsey. George Frederick Schwarz
and Emma JoseDhine Feiael, both of Saa
Francteco.
DIED.
Ash, Harriet B. Johansen. Jacob A.
Bednawski,Alexander Levy, Elizabeth
Bell, Leslie H. Jr. Lincoln. Mary H.
Chesley. Charles P., Muller, Christian
j_ d Nansen, Johan N.
Conian. James Xeely. Marsaret
Corrigan. Patrick O'Brien. Saxah
Darling, Lee Roy CNeil, Catherine
D'Or Marsaret ReillySisterAlDiionata
Faubel, Phillip Ryan. James J.
Fitzgerald. David F. Schmltz. Louis
Freldler. Oscar K. G. Stangenberger. Eliza-
Grunnagle. Mary L. beth M.
Held Emma G. Thompson, Theresa
Holzhuter. Reinhold Tittle. Minnie E.
Houge, Hamilton Williams, Annla i
Jackson, George S^
ASH— Entered Into rest, in this city. June 13.
1901, Harriet B. Ash, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 77 years.
BELL-In/ this city. June 15,' 1301. Leslie H.
Jr , beloved son of Leslie H. and Matilda
Bell, a native of Nevada, aged 11 years 9
months and 13 days. t
BEDNAWSKI— In this city, June 14. 1901.
Alexander Bennawskl, a native of Poland,
aged 87 years 7 months and 5 daya.
[CyFriends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morro--'
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlora
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell
streets, wliere a, solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
: Cemetery.
CHESLET— In this city, June 14, 190L Charles
Palmer Chesley, M. D.. husband of Martha
M. Chesley, and father of Mrs. Henry T.
Bush, a native of New HamDshire, a«ed 67
years. (New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine
papers please copy.)
IT-?" Funeral service* will take place thi3
day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at tha Masonlo
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1, F. and A, M. _ .
CONLAN— In the City and County Hospital,
June 15, 1901. James Conian, a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
CORRIGAN — In this city. June 15. 1301. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Mary Corrtgan, and,
father of May, Annie. Frank. Willie and
Gertrude Corrisan, a native of Cross o£
Gram. County Louth, Ireland, aged 43 years.
A member of Triumph Lodge No. 180, A. O.
U W and the Longshoremen's Protective
Association. (Cleveland, Ohio, papers pleasa
: copy.)
O" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of St. Mary's Hospital, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high,
mass will be celebrated fox; the repose of his
soul.- commenclne at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
X>\RLIXG — In "VValdport. Or.. June 11. 1001,
Lee Roy Darling, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
L H Darlin»c, and beloved brother of Mrs.
C M. Lassell and the late Mrs. Gracte
Aherns, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years and 3 months.
D'OR— In this city. June 15. 1901. Margaret
U'Or, beloved mother of Marie, Ada and
Claude d'Or and Mrs. J. Laughlin, a native
of Newcastle, County Clare, Ireland, aged
66 years and 10 months.
fC^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1113 McAllister street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where, a requiem masi
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FAUBEL— In this city. June 14. 1901. Phillip,
beloved husband of Katie Faubel. father of
George and Henry Faubel and Mrs. George
Lahusen. and brother of John and Jacob
Faubel. Mrs. H. Sylvester, Mrs. K. ' Wana
and Mrs. Jacpb Wldeman. a native of Ger-
many, aged 65 years 11 months and 14 days.
IE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3217 Sixteenth street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this city. June 14. 1901,
David F., beloved son of Johanna and the
late Patrick Fitzgerald, and loving brother
of Michael J., William F., John J., George
T., Elizabeth T. and the late Patrick C.
Fitzgerald Jr., a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 5 months and 22 days.
|T_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia da/
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 202% Francisco street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FREIDLER— In this city, June 15. 1901, Oscar
K. G. Freidler. dearly beloved husband of
Julia Freidler, and beloved father of Adolpb,
Edmund, Julian and the late Oscar Freldler,
a native of Berlin. Germany, axed 53 yeara
5 months and 11 days.
GRUNNAGLE— In " this city, June 15. 1901.
Mary L., beloved wife of G. L. Grunnagle,
and mother of Mrs. J. P. Scully and Lola
and Louis Grunnagle, aged 46 years 4 months
and 15 days.
¦ E_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's »
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment private.
HELD— In this city, June 14. 1901, Emma
Georgina Held, beloved wife of Alfred Held,
and daughter of James and the late Mary
Iso, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrot-
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment' Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLZHUTER— In this city. June 11. 1301.
Reinhold Holzhuter, beloved husband of Au-
gusta Holzhuter, a native of Germany, aged
£3 years 4 months and 6 days. A member oi
« Syracuse Lodge No. 58. K. of P.. and Nor-
man Lodge No. 1841. Knights of Honor.
rryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Pythian
Castle. 909 Market street, under the auspices
of Syracuse Lodse No. 58, K. of P. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
HOUGE— In this city. June 13, 1901. Hamilton
Hou.e, beloved father of Mamie and Willla
Houge. Mrs. J. Wilson and Mrs. J. Wallace,
a native ef Belfast. Ireland, aged 51 years.
ICT Friends are Invited to altend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
J\CKSON— In the City and County Hospital.
June 15. 1901. George S. Jackson, a native of
California, aged 43 years.
JOHANSEN— In Oakland. June 14, 1301, Jacob
\nton. husband of Emma Johansen. a na-
tive of Norway, aged 46 years 1 month anil
15 days.
jyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Alcatraz
Masonic Hall. Peralta, street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Funeral under the aus-
pices of Alcatraz Lodge No. 244, F. and
; A. M. v
LEVY— In New York, June 15. 1901. Elizabeth
• Levy, widow of the late John Levy, aged 84
yeara.
LINCOLN— In this . city, June 15. 1901. Mary
Harriet, beloved daughter of Charles F. and
• Continued on. Page TMrtv-Twow
- - - -—__!_¦ -^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB^^
$3600— BARGAIN OF THE SEASON.
Mortgage $2600; 64 feet . in - front; ¦ private
water supply ; • barn ; coachmen" s room ; space
too expensive to extol its many qualities; see
it and you will ¦ buy it; by so doing- make
$1000 on the Investment; I cannot help It; I
am .instructed to sell without regard to rise.
J. S. MYERS & CO., 1002 Broadway, Oak-
\ land, Cal.
$3800 BUNGALOW FOR $2200.
It is new and a beauty: absolutely every-
thing that would make an Ideal home; near
the local trains; large lot; open plumbing;
no reasonable offer refused; first come, first
served.
J. S. MYERS & CO., 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2400— ORIGINAL COST $3400. >
7 rooms and bath;, fine basement; corner lot
S3xl20; street work complete; best neighbor-
hood in Oakland; owners are non-residents,
hence the great reduction in price; must be
seen to be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,' 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500— COST TO CONSTRUCT $5000.
Owner compelled to leave Oakland; 2-story
, house, 9 rooms and 2 baths; double flooring;
plate glass windows; an ideal home; near
the cars, schools and business centers; first
come, first served: positively no reserve.-
J. S. MYERS & CO.'. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$175 CASH, $10 monthly: new cottage, 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation: 4
large level lots, 50x256; price all told, $775:
will fence and finish up to suit buyer, or will
rent 100x256 feet* cheap; plenty of water; soil,
climate and view the very best; close to elec-
tric car line and 90-foot wide boulevard, and
not far from model schoolhouse; no fogs nor
raw winds here; adjoining East Oakland; 10
buildings gone up already: more copilng.-Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st., opp.
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner. '- .'
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
! $16— S ROOMS, bath; driveway; stable.
$15 — Upper flat, 4 rooms; central.
$12 50— Fine 4-room flat; sunny.
$10 — Store, 3 rooms; near Broadway.
$30 — S rooms; corner In town.
See our furnished list.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,
The House Renters of Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL or part double parlors, dining-room,
kitchen and bedroom: furnished; sunny cor-
ner; conveniences. The Vera, 301-303 Polk st.
BUSH, 727 — Unfurnished and furnished rooms;
gas, bath; rent reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Single, double and house-
keeping rooms; gas, bath, water; from $4 up.
CLARA, 152 — Five unfurnished rooms; rent
cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 327— Two well-furnished house-
keeping rooms for man and wife; no other
roomers.
EDDY, 604— Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
EDDY, 872— Large sunny room with use of
kitchen; everything new; $16.
FULTON, 308 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; bath; gas; yard and basement.
FULTON, 671—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $13; also 2 rooms, $8. \
GLEN PARK AVE., 5— Three unfurnished
sunny clean rooms; three closets.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1211 A— 2 fine rooms for
light housekeeping; no other roomers.
GROVE, 718^4 — Two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; $6.
HOWARD, 728— Housekeeping rooms reason-
able; a nice big room for 2 gentlemen; using
gas.
HOWARD, 1546 — Housekeeping rooms; large
bay-window front room, back parlor; fur-
nished.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny alcove suite complete for
housekeeping, $20; also basement suits, $12.
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
MCALLISTER, 696 — Fine sunny parlors; kitchen,
yard, bath; smaller sunny suite; furn. rooms.
MCALLISTER, 973— Sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; board If de-
sired.
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping; com-
plete; no children; also single rooms.
MISSION, 2244, near 19th— Fine sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable./
NATOMA, 645 — 2 sunny rooms for housekeep'-
¦ ing: $3. |
NINTH, 11— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
runninsr .water; rent reasonable.
NINTH. 133 — Sunny furnished suite of rooms;
use of kitchen: suitable for housekeeping.
OAK, 113 — Large sunny front room; furnished
for housekeeping; large closet; range; $10.
PERRY, 1S2— 1 rooms and bath; $12.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5-room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST, 827— Three large sunny housekeeping
rooms; modern conveniences; gas range; reaa.
SIXTH. 1231,4— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms with gas; cheap; house quiet.
SIXTH. 244— Nicely furnished housekeepins-
rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 190—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
SUTTER^ 834— Sunny hall room and housekeep-
ing rooms.
SUTTER. 2322 — Two or three sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gentleman and wife.
TEHAMA, 478. near Sixth— 3 rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping, $11.
TURK. 1211 — One or two larse unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 191—2 small rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; running water; use
of. bath; no children; rent $8.
VALENCIA. 834V4 — Sunny front room, connect-
ing kitchen, furnished complete; bath; rent
$12; no children.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call' branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. anU I'nfnrn.
~~ROOMS — TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO., 22 Kearny st. ; tel. 2334 Red.
APARTMENTS en suite or single; splendid ap-
pointments; telephone on every. floor; furni-
ture, carpets new, latest designs; breakfast
rooms top floor. Hotel Nouveau, 312 Stockton.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321. Grant ave.— Best $1 a.
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.' •
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET, 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles, $5 psr month up.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 726— A floor of '4 connecting unfurnished
rooms; yard; running water; $13.
CASTRO. 743, near 20th— A most desirable suite
of sunny corner furnished rooms, or single
rooms ;'. admirably suited for doctor or dress-
making parlors; no children; references re-
quired. ¦ ¦ .
CHATTANOOGA. " 108, between Dolores and
Church — Furnished rooms; light housekeeping
if desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH, 249— Furnished front room. . <
FOLSOM, 1123 — A nice sunny room in a pri-
vate family. -
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney, "late of the Esmond House.
GEARY, 824. near Larkln— 2 sunny back
i rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730-^Sunny double
front room;- single room;.$S; bath; private;
German. : • . -
GROVE, 4 — Newly furnished room for gentle-
. men. .
HOTEL St. -Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.,
nr." Market — New building, elegantly furn.:
Just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
In all appointments; inspection Invited: must
be seen to be appreciated ; 75c .day and up ;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single;*
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk and Taylor.
HYDE, 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath. '. »
JULIAN ave.,' 164,' nr. /16th— Large sunny un-
: furnished room; flue; near 4 car lines. * '.
LARKIN, 707, near Ellis— Newly furnished
sunny front room. $6; private > family; In
i Bma * at « ¦ - '- ¦ - -
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
$4000— A FINS buy; full block of 50 lots; south
of Golden Gate Park; has a great future.
$1600— Five large lots on Prospect ave., close to
* Cortland; 'should bring $2500.
$350 — A little enap on Crescent ave., close to
Mission; lot 25x100; street work- done.
$200—3 lots, each 25x100, on East Park St.,
close to Holly Park; these lots are well
worth $350 each; can arrange for ouild-
Ing. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st.
FOR sale as a whole or in subdivisions; 60-
vara lot; south line Union St.; 187:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 302:6x127:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery st.
COZY little cottage; Fair Oaks st.; 6 rooms,
bath and laundry: offer considered. DON-
NELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
NEW Blx-room homes In Mission. HENRY
FEIGE. builder, 1024 Capp st ; easy terms.
$1300— HOUSE. 4 rooms and bath. See owner
on place. 1622 10th ave., Sunset District.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
G. H. UMBSEN & CO. 14 Montgomery st.
For sale— The complete furniture and assign-
ment of a very favorable lease on one of the
best-paying hotels In Marin County. Easily
accessible by train, doing good business; a
low price will be made, as owner Is com-
pelled to give up business on account of ill-'
health; call for price and particulars.
Estate sale— Irvingwood ranch; a beautiful
country site of 109 acres, in the heart of
Napa Valley; land is most fertile and of a
choice, deep, dark, chocolate loam; running
water to house, garden, yard and barn;. 45
acres In finest variety of choice fruits; mod-
ern house of 12 rooms; hot and cold water
and bath; five-room cottage, barn and other
buildings; the house is one block from post-
office, railroad station, telephone and tele-
graph ornee. with road to Napa watered all
summer; this property must be sold to settle
an estate, and any reasonable offer will be
submitted to the court for approval.
26 acres near Wrights station. Santa Cruz
County; highly improved; fine buildings; close
price on application.
19 acres at Los Gatos; near'- all under cul-
tivation and In full bearing fruit of a choice
variety; good buildings; well watered; price
reduced to $8900; would exchange for good
property near city.
$500 — JV4 acres at Ben Lomond; house; all
improved.
$700—20 acres near Grass Valley; 12 acres
under cultivation; good buildings.
250 acres; 180 acres under high state of cul-
tivation; 60 acres Al pasture land: good dwell-
ing house; all fenced; near Livermore; a
great bargain will be given If this place is
taken at once.
$125—20 acres near Red Bluff. Cal.
A good, substantial three-story 32-room ho-
tel In Ean Rafael, completely furnished, doing
a splendid business; will be sold cheap if
taken at once, as owner has more business
than can be looked after properly; call for
price and particulars. R. S. BROWNE, Man-
ager Country Department.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City,
Sutter Co.. short distance from Marysville; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land: few
beautiful live oak trees: good buildings; well
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
in whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land: good buildings: well fenced; short
distance from Yuba City. Sutter Co.: will b«
cold In whole or In part to suit purchaser. and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
will be riven. R. D. BROWNE.
Manager Country Department.
11%- ACRE home property; short walk from
railroad depot; Alameda County; In a perfect
climate; house, barn, etc.; fruits and vines;
beautiful Burroundlngs; Al neighborhood: fine
scenery; running water in front of the place;
price reduced to ?2000. H. H. CRANE, 508
California st.
CHEAP little home close to depot, in Alameda
County; fruits, flowers, nice cottage; well
furnished; all for $1350; terms $700 cash, bal-
ance long time; 6 per cent Interest. H. H.
CRANE, 50S California st.
BARGAIN— 117 acres good land: portion grow-
ing eug-ar beets; fronts on main county road,
adjoining town or Pleasanton, Alameda Co.;
must be sold; bank price $45 per acre; might
subdivide. H. H. CRANE, 50S California Et.
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains: 62 miles from San
Francisco: elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium; ocean view.
1458 full-bearing .fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, "pears, apples,
figs and chestnuts.
1S00 vines in full bearlne: choicest table
grapea.
2500 vines; Cornlchon grapes; 2 years old.
House of 8 rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furniture and farming implements go with the
place; price $4250; $2000 can remain on mort-
gage. Address D. BRITTON.
OlymDia Theater.
FOR sale— 80 acres of the richest farming land
in the State, situated at Marshall. Marin
County. Including all buildings and spring of
fresh^running water: county road and N. P.
C. R. R. passes round the farm; 6 minutes'
walk to schoolhouse, 5 to postoffice; 6 minutes
to N. P. C. R. R. station: details and price
on application. Addrees JAMES RISCIONI,
Marshall. Martn County. Cal.
THE' Mezes Tract at Belmont,
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trees
and commanding grand view, within one hour
of the city; in subdivision; price only $75 per
acre and up.'
For further particulars, address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres near Marysville:
4S0 acres wheat, 15 acres garden, berries and :
fruits, balance summer fallowed; waten right
2000 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
will cover several thousand acres; water
right alone is worth price asked for place;
this must be sold to close an estate: price
$25 an acre. Address box 476, Marysville, Cal.
BEAUTIFUL country home for sale — 8% acres
of land; 2-story house and outbuildings; 600
fruit trees in full bearing; situated in Portola
Valjey. west* of Redwood City; 30 minutes'
drive from train; cost owner over $10,000; any
reasonable offer considered. Address C. D.
HATWARD, County Assessor. Redwood City,
San Mateo County.
FOR RENT— Beautiful 12-room residence on
First St., San Jose, Cal.; thoroughly fur-
nished, including piano; will be rented for
any length of time; cheap on application. G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
R. S. BROWNE, Manager Country Dept.
¦ — '
BELMONT home site for sale or exchange;
two blocks from R. R. station, on Ralstos
ave.. San Mateo County. Apply C. P. Gib-
bons. 3C9 Sansome st., bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vltlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
RANCHES of all kinds for sale or trade.
JAMES MORSE, 632 Market St., room 15.
FOR Mendoclno County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. Uklah. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley home, "hi acres; bearing orchard:
modern house, 10 rooms; 5 minutes' walk from
Ross station; very cheap. J. TUNSTEAD,
San Anselmo. *
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ONE 'improved property In Oakland and one
unimproved in Berkeley; no incumbrance;
value $2500 each; exchange for San Fran-
cisco improved or unimproved property: will
assume mortgage. A. S. PARE. 420 Mont-
gomery, room 20.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
,__ w- ., , . , _,
$1600— LOT 25x1 SO; 2-story. 8 'rooms and bath;
half block from station.
$2250 — Lot 53:4x150; sunny side of street: hand-
norne cottage; 5 rooms and bath; $250
down and $20 per month; one block from
station' and school.
$26CO— Lot 37:2x150, near Park St.; handsome
new, up-to-date cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; great bargain.
$3000— Lot DOxHO; handsome new cottage; 7
rooms and bath; $500 down and $25 per
month.
$3500 — Lot 40x150, with new - modern 8-room
house; finished basement; Morton st., be-
tween both railroads; $500 down and $30
per month.
$5000— Lot 44x150; fine residence, 9 rooms and
batl:. near Chestnut-st. station; great
bargai^tisunny side of street.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.;
1422 Park street, Alameda.
ALVIEDA REAL ESTATE. ~
$60'^— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
$1000— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x125. .
$1100— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 60x150.
$1600— 2-story house of 8 rooms; lot 25x107.
$1900 — 2-story house of 7. rooms; windmill,
etc.; lot C0xl£0.
$2200— 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 37:6x120.
$2700— Modern cottage of 6 rooms; lot 60x14$;
near Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of 7 rooms; stable, etc.;
corner; on Central ave. ,
$1500— Lot on Union st., near Central ave.
$600— Lot near Morton station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains In unimproved lots. ¦
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand. British America, Citi-
zens and London Assurance Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
¦". -- . .* Bay Station. Alameda.
FRUITYA^E ADYERTISEMENTS
• FRPIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
$<00— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath; stable;
fine well and force pump; 2 small tanks: lot
75x100; all fenced; this Is a bargain.
$3i5 — Good cottage of four rooms, furnished;
, stable, chicken-houses and '-30 chickens; good
i horse, harness and cart; fruit trees In bearing;
lot 50x108; all fenced.
$1100 (reduced from $1500) will buy a nice cot-
tage of 5 rooms, basement, etc.; lot 50x146; only
1 block from electric car line; $100 cash, bal-
ance same as rent.
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement; lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the best part. of Fruitvale; only half a block
from Frultvale ave.; easy terms If desired.
$1200— House of 4 rooms and bath; pantry: 3
closets; large stable; two chicken-houses; one
brooder-house; 50 chickens; good horse, harness
and wagon; lot 100x230; all fenced; good well
a " d JP"mp; only one block from electric cars.
$1650 — Choice bargain; new bay-window cot-
tage of 4 large rooms; 7-foot basement; good
brick foundation; bath; hall; closets; lovely
pantry; marble washstand; stationary tubs;
chicken-house; lot 50x265; all fenced; fine loca-
tlon -L oniy 6 blocks from Fruitvale station. *
$16. a— Modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; fine mantel; corner lot; 2 blocks from
Frultvale station; must be sold at once.
$1850— Two acres of sandy loam; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath: high basement: stable
and chicken-house; good well, windmill and
tank; fine location; 3 blocks from electric cars.
For particulars apply to i
H. A. PLEITNER,' Frultvale Station. Cal.
SPECIAL Notice— The Home Building Cora-
pany has removed Its office to south side of
railroad track on Fruitvale ave.
Do you want m home in Frultvale? We will
sell you one without payment down, just
like rent.
$500 r -House of 5 rooms; plastered ; large lot;
abundance of flowers; $7 70 per month
will buy this home; no payment down.
$800— House of 8 rooms and bath; city water;
very 'large lot; chicken houses and barn;
$11 20 per month; no payment down.
$300— Lovely lots In Forest Park; 50x170; will
loan you money to build.
$900— House of 5 rooms; lot 50x150; city water
and a good well; payments $12 60 per
month; no payment down.
$1000— House of 5 rooms; lot 45x145; all fenced;
$14 per month; no payment down.
Houses of all kinds to let; money to loan
in any amounts. Remember this address:
The Home Building Company, south side of
railroad track, on Fruitvale ave. i
W. E. RUDELL. |
$1400— MODERN 4-room cottage; high base-
ment; city water; fruit trees and flowers;
lot 50x108; handy to trains.
$650 — 4-room cottage with stable; lot 50x108; 3
blocks to Frultvale car.
$1750 — 4-room modern cottage; 4 blocks from
Frultvale station; lot 50x260!
$1850— 5-room modern • cottage; stable; fruit
trees; 4 blocks from Frultvale station;
lot 50x125.
$3000— 9-room modern house: fine view; trees
¦ and garden; lot 50x240; 5 blocks from
Frultvale station.
We build houses to suit and sell them on In-
stallments. Apply to
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
Fruitvale Station or 1500 Park st, Alameda.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly Known as
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called
Sunnyside Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres. Is now being subdivided Into lots and
will be immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets will be graded, macadamized
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco | will
issue an insurance policy for every lot sold
guaranteeing title.
For maps and full information address
/\ » •' McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
IN Mill Valley, nice house for sale cheap on ac-
count of departure. 526 Turk st. _^^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.;
¦OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$150— Snap for a quick sale; lot 30x145 feet;
sunny side;, one block from Telegraph ave.
$500— Corner; lot 25x125 feet; sunriy corner; on
San Pablo ave.
$100C — Little or no cash down; $15 each month;
5 rooms, bath and basement; sunny side;
near San Pablo ave:; street work all done;
will rent for ?10 per month and pay for itself.
$1600 — Same as rent; seven rooms; sunny side
of Grove st.
$1750— Store and 4 living rooms; corner lot, 39x
100 feet; stable; street completed; thickly set-
tled locality; good reason- for selling; look
Into this at once.
$15C<V— Another store (established grocery and
butcher shop), with store fixtures; flat above,
and stable, well and pump; gore lot; streets
complete; fine location in North Oakland;
cost $2400; insured $1500; easy terms if desired.
$2300— Monthly payments; right on Grove st.;
7-roomed Eastlake cottage; very sunny, with
bath, basement; large lot and open lawn; now
vacant and for rent at $16 per month.
$2500 — Eastlake 8-roomed cottage, with high
basement; sunny side; nice location; walking
distance of City Hall; monthly payments if
desired.
$3250 — In Austin Park; Telegraph ave. and 27th
St.; just completed; elegant 8-roonied home;
pretty design; sunny side; elevated ground;
40-foot lot; new street and all new houses.
$9000 — One of Oakland's finest homes; 11 rooms;
3 elegant mantels; butler's pantry; double
plumbing; did rent for $95 per month; cost
over $14,000; perfect to a detail; lot 80 feet
front, apd nice lawn; in the heart of town;
legitimate reasons for selling: must be seen
to be appreciated; will sell carpets if desired.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
¦ 903 Broadway. Oakland.
' .30 CHOICE LOTS 30
In the Sather tract, adjoining
Linda Vista Terrace.
Linda Vista Terrace.
Linda Vista Terrace.
Only $20 per front foot.
Only $20 per front foot.
Street work now being completed — sewers,
cement walks, macadamizing. Homes built
and sold on easy payments; three already sold
about to be started.
For full particulars apply to or address my
Oakland office.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
A SPLENDID bargain in every piece.
$12,500— Magnificent suburban home; 5 acres
grounds; cost $20,000; between Oakland and
Berkeley.
$8500— Alice St.. Lakeside district; must sac-
rifice; 12-room house; large lot; superb neigh-
, borhood.
$8000— A banker's home; almost given away;
cost $16,000; half block; going to Europe.
$2650— Closer In than Linda Vista terrace;
I extra choice; 2-story Colonial J-room house.
2750 — Near Adeline station; fine 8-room cot-
tage; 37:6x125; cost owner $4000; choice nelgh-
— borhood.
$850— Union and 32d sts.; neat 6-room house;
lot 25x125; barn; sacrifice; must sell. -
. $2750 — San Pablo ave. ; Btore, flat and cot-
tage; 50-ft. lot; special bargain for right par-
ty. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE- CO.,
*-. ' ¦ 460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
AN Englishman's fine country home; 12 acres
choicest fru|t and shrubberies; elegant city
style home; transportation facilities to Oak-
land and San Francisco; convenient; reduced
to $20,000. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth at.. Oakland, v •
$3850— Two-acre Ideal suburban home; latest
architecture; 2-story, 7 rooms; full-bearing
fruit; stable, chicken houses; perfect home;
near cars. LAYMANCH REAL f ESTATE
CO.. 460-462 Eighth et.. Oakland. '
$1600— MODERN almost new cottage; bath;
brick foundation; high basement; sacrifice for
quick sale. MITCHENER & PORTER. 466
Eighth st.. Oakland. ¦ ¦ .-
FINE chicken ranch for rent and all stock for
sale at a bargain.,. MITCHENER & POR-
TER. 466 Eighth St., Oakland. _.
$5000— 32- ACRE fruit ranch near Santa Rosa;
26 tons apples, 10 tons prunes, etc : to trade
for Oakland property. MITCHENER ; &
PORTER, 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
$1200— 160-ACRE stock ranch; cottage; springs;
barn; orchard; chickens: bargain. MITCH-
ENER & PORTER, 466 Eighth st., Oakland.
J300 CASH, $20 monthly; up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; air conveniences;
large lot, 150 ft.' deep, ) on Fruitvale ave. ; no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
• gain; price all told/ $2750; will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
Is offering some very cheap homes for sale;
call and get our figures; bargains in all parts
of Alameda.
$1150— Buys a 6-room jcottage ; large lot.
$1600 — Buys a modern Colonial cottage; large
lot: good locality. - ...
$2500— A great bargain; 8-room house; lot 35
_150: cost J4500; sacrificed.
$2950— An elegant home of 7 rooms and bath;
a short time built; owner compelled to sell;
Investigate. /
. $4500— To close an estate ; a fine house ; 11
rooms and bath; large lot; house alone cost to
build $5000; must be sold.
< Houses built, rented and exchanged; easy
terms. - ¦ ¦ •
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,"
15C0 Park st., Alameda.
Offlce open Sundays and evenings. ¦
DON'T borrow a house, but buy one of these
particular bargains: • '
$2S£0— Elegant 7-room 2-story house; lot 50x150;
beautiful grounds ; fine location ; terms. .
$2400— Fine 6-room cottage; lot 50x150; modern;
terms to suit; this property Is worth
$3500;' windmill and tank in perfect order.
$5000— Finest location In city; lot 50x115; 8
rooms; cost $6500 less than 2 years ago;
terms.
$15C0— Income ; windmill and tank piped to sup-
ply 6 houses; good house of 4 rooms; cost
$:sco. .#
Bargains in all parts of city. Don't fall to
see us If you want a home or investment.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park St.. Alameda.
Phone Grand 176.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. ~~
REAL ESTATE.
$1800— Beautiful 6-room modern cottage:
owner must Bell on account of departure; swell
situation; large lot; street work all complete;
¦must be sold immediately.
We offer to-day some of the choicest lots In
the city of Alameda from $300 up. .
Houses built on the Installment plan; $300
down. $20 to $30 per month.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent.
Some choice snaps in bank property; must
be sold within 60 days; call and see us.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara ave., nr. Park St., Alameda.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
1 block, 14 lots $1400
1 block, 14 lots .1350
1 block. 14 lots 1250
1 block 1150
10-room modern house; cost $8500; selling
price $5500; large garden; fine shrubbery, ii
7-room modern house, on San Antonio ave$3500
5-room large cottage 1400
5-room large cottage 1500
Must be sold— S-room new modern house;
corner lot; $4000. E. D. JUDD CO.,
1424 Park street.
ALAMEDA and Frultvale bargains for Invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.: best location; fin-
ished in oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x1^) feet.
A. R. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station, Alameda.
$3000— HOUSE of 9 rooms; corner lot; 100x150;
all street Improvements; easy terms. J. H.
YOUXG. 1243 Park st.
2-STORY house for sale, 7 rooms and bath; 2
minutes' walk from Park-st. station. 2256
Encinal ave. . .
ALAMEDA. COTTAGES FOR. SALE.
FOR sale— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; bath; lot
50x150. 1518 Mozart st.. Alameda. Mastick stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$S00— House of a rooms; lot 50x130.'
¦ $2750— House of 6 rooms; lot 60x134:6; near the
university.
$2800— New house of. 6 rooms; large lot; near
station.
$5000 — Well appointed house of 9 rooms; large
lot; near the U. C.
DO YOU WANT TO BE BEHIND THE ',
TIMES?
If not. take a look to-day at those houses on
Prince at.. Lorin ; 2-story house of 9 rooms and
only $3300; corner lot; street work all done.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and only $2750;
guaranteed to be as well built as any house
erected and equipped with electric lights, gas.
Combination fixtures.
Window shades.
Cement sidewalks and the ability to cook
your potatoes with the aid of the sun's rayg;
each house has a
SUNSHINE WATER HEATER. .
Mind you, living In one of these houses you
need never be without hot water, nigrht or day;
take a look at them and when ready to talk
business call upon
JOS. J. MASON,
Adjoining Postofnee,
Berkeley Station.
STOP paying rent; be your own landlord; 3-
room cottage; lot 45x100; 2 blocks from sta-
tion, electric cars, store, • school and church;
prise $750; $100 cash, balance $10 monthly.
Snap — 5-room cottage In prime condition;
lot 40x100; 2 blocks from station; price '$1400;
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly.
Neat cottage of 5 rooms and bath, stable,
chicken houses; large lot; close to .station;
price $1100; $100 cash, balance $12 50 monthly.
New modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; lot 40x100; good location; near .station;
price $1600; $200 down, balance $18 20 per
month; take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station, office west side of railroad track.
Open Sundays. RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON. •
EXAMINE these bargains; you will not match
them elsewhere.
$1350 — 2-story house of 7 rooms; corner lot
45x120; close to school, station, stores,
churches, etc.
$150 cash, balance $20 per month.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
$1350 — THINK of it! A brand new modern cot-
tage 5 rooms, bath, pantry, stationary wash
tubs. etc. ; lot 40x100; convenient to train and
cars; $100 cash, balance $16 per month. - H.
P. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
OTHER new modem houses, 5, 6 and 7 rooms,
$1500 to $3000 each; just finishing; terms ar-
ranged. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
$8000— SPLENDID business property in heart
of Berkeley; on main street; always rented;
; good Interest. MAY & MORTIMER.
$10,000 — ANOTHER piece of business property
in Berkeley; paying good interest. MAY <sc
MORTIMER.
$5000— FINE paying grocery business for sale;
$3000 worth of Roods Bold monthly: this is a
! good,' safe investment. MAY & MORTIMER.
$25 A FOOT for business property right at
Berryman station, Berkeley; street work all
done; a splendid buy for an investment. MAY
& MORTIMER.
$2000 — New 6-room cottage; fine mantel and side-
board, porcelain bath,' tiled sink, stationary
tubs, tinted walls, gas fixtures, water and
same all connected; one block to station am]
electric cars: $100 cash, balance $20 per
menth; -less than rent. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1700 — Good as new; lot 43x120; one block to
train; $250 cash, bal. $20 per month; a snap;
owner going away. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4000— New 11-room house on finest street- in
Berkeley; two blocks to U. C. grounds; all
piped for furnace; $300 cash. bal. $10 per
month; will rent any day for $45 per month.
W. C MORAN & CO.,
Lorin Station and' Schmidt Block,
* . Berkeley, Cal.
HOMES IN BERKELEY. ~~ "~ "~
Must be sold at once; terms easy. $1200 — Small
house, lot nicely arranged for chicken rais-
ing. $1600— 5-room house, large lot $1400—4-
room house in West Berkeley, large lot. $1900—
6-room house, large windmill and tank, sta-
ble, chicken house. $2400 — Fine 6-room cottage
at Lorin, grounds In fine condition. $2750 —
6-room house at Lorin. $2760 — 6-room house,
close to station, all modern Improvements,
i fine flower and vegetable garden. $3000— Love-
ly cottage, a bargain to the buyer. SATOFF
.'& WILKINS, 2121 Center St., Berkeley sta-
tion, Cal.
NO. 194— $jCCO; 10-room house; lot 50x120; south
. front; finely located.
No. 170— $1000; 9-room cottage; lot 65x130;
In the finest part of town.
No. 188 — $2630; 6-room house, south front,
beautiful home; a large quantity of oil land
in Kings County, in oil belt, for sale at rea-
sonable price. V'i
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
• Real Estate and Insurance, opp. First Na-
tional Bank, Berkeley. . .
ALMOST new . 5-room cottage, fine, mantel,
finished basement; 50- foot lot; street work
all done; % block to railroad -depot and
electric cars; a genuine bargain: price $1500;
. $500 cash, balance like easy rent. J. R.
PERKINS (formerly Oellerich & Perkins),
i Lorin station, Berkeley. =
NEW 5-room cottage; modern; bath, pantry,
etc.; street work all done; close to station
and electric car line, . school, stores and
churches; price only $1250; $50 cash, balance
. $15 monthly. . J. R. PERKINS, Lorin sta-
tion, Berkeley. . .
ELEGANT new. 6-room cottages, . now being
finished, all modern • conveniences and Im-
provements; 2 blocks from staLlonj will be
sold on small monthly payments; see there
before ouying elsewhere. McBKIDG, Golden
Gate "tatlon. take Berkeley train. - -
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
> Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266,
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your . work ;ln . sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
> all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
¦--.-. .'—i:-. •.¦__• . — __!__. - ¦¦ ¦¦-.¦..;..¦New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win-
LONDON. June 15.— Consols, 94. Sliver,
27 -7-ied.v French rentes, lOlf. ,
LIVERPOOL; June 15.— WHEAT— Easy ; No. 1
Standard California. , 6a %dig>6s id: wheat In
Paris, steady: .flour In Paris, steady.
. COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32d. -
Foreign; Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 15.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Blue Stem. 61%c; Club. 59c. 5 '
PORTLAND. June 15.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 58@59c. ¦ ' , '
Cleared— Ship Alsterschwan, with 138,286 bush
els wheat, for Quenstown. . .
OREGON
Northern, Wheat Market.
'PORTLAND. June- 15.- 7 Clearings, $369,757;
balances, $88,154.. . . •
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Porter Bros. Co. sales
California fruit: . -
CHERRIES— Royal Anne. 15c to $3 05; Tar
tarlans, 25o to $2 85; BIgereau, 40c to 75c; Gov
ernor Wood, 25c to 95c; Rockporta, 25c to $1 20'
Centennials, $1 15; assorted, 25c to $1 10.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Features of Impor
tance were lacking in the local metal market
to-day. The usual Saturday dullness prevail
ed and prices were largely nominal. Tin was
$28 30@28 50; lead, $4 37%: spelter. ?3 95<§ 1 4; lake
copper, $17; casting, $16 62Vfe; piglron warrants,
$a 50@10 25; Northern foundry, $14 25@15 50.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for the week were valued at $3,279,183.
Dry Goods and Merchandise.
NEW YORK, June 15.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to . all countries for
this week aggregate $748,053 sllvfr bars and
coin and $425,783 gold. The Imports of specie
this week were $46,491 gold and $37,443 silver.
Exports and Imports.
NEW TORK. Juno 15.— The cotton market
opened firm, with prices unchanged to 7 points
higher, and continued to advancR most of the
early part of the session on room and out
side buying. The market closed net 1@3 points
higher.
Nczv York -Cotton Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 135. Cows and heifers, $2 25@3 20;
veals,' $4@6 50; bulls and stags, $2 75@4 20;
stockers and feeders, $2 85@4 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 7290. Steady to 2V»c higher.
Light and light mixed, $4 RO'JH 93; medium and
heavy. $4 87^06; . pigs, $4^5; bulk, $5 S7%@5 90.
SHEEP— None.
Missouri Cattle Market.
CHICAGO, June 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1600.
Steady. Good to prime steers. J5 40Q6 25: poor
to medium, $4 50S5 30; stockers and feeders, $3
@5: cows and heifers, $2 70@5: canners, $2JJ2 65;
bulls. $2 90<a4 50; calves, $4 50^6 25; Texas
steers, Jl 15ig5 40; do bulls, $2 75@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 14.000; Monday. 33.
000: estimated left over. 3000. Strong; shade
higher. Mixed and butchers, {5 S0<@6 12^j:
good to choice heavy, $5 95(86 15; rough heavy,
$5 MW5 90; light, $5 75@6 02»i; bulk of sales.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Steady. Choice
wethers, $3 90@4 25: fair to choice mixed, $3 65
<S>4; AVestern eheep, $3 90@4 25: j-earlings. $1®
4 40; native lambs, $4@3 05; Western lambs,
$4 65@5 05.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 8% fi 8?i,
Closing r. !v\, 5 8K
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Pec.
Opening 20 05 20 SO
Closing 20 13 20 80
Flour—
Opening 25 00 28 55
Closing 23 15 26 60
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 14,000
AVheat. bushels 119,000 75.000
Corn, bushels 166.000 373,000
Oats, bushels 195,000 214,000
Rye. bushels 2,000 1,000
Parley, bushels 4.000 1.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 14\jti>19c; dairies,
13(ftl~c. Cheese, ilull, S^iiilO'tu. Eggs, weak,
lO'-iC.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour-
Quiet. AVSnter patents. $3 70@3 SO; straights,
$3 20*(3 60; clears. $2 60@3 SO; spring specials.
Si 20; patents. $3 65@3 SO; straights, $2 90^3 25:
baiters', $2 30@3 10. No. 2 spring wheat. 71M«3 ;
72%c; No. 3 spring. 66V4c; No. 2 red, 69%(f?70>4c:
No. 2 corn, «%®«*ic: No. 2 yellow. 42%(543%c;
No. 2 oats. 2Siy2SVic: No. 2 white, 30>ic: No. 3
white. IS^iQSOc: No. 2 rye. 47">ic; good feed
ins barley, 4Sg i 50c; fair to choice malting, blip
52c: No. 1 fluxseed, $1 72; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 73; iirlme timothy seed, $3 45@3 50; mes?
pork. i>er bbl, $14 75@14 80; lard, per 100 lbs,
JS 52V.©8 55; short ribs sides (loose). $7 $Z>@S 15;
dry salted shoulders iboxed). 74i'7V4c; short
clear sides (boxed). $8 435J8 55; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 27.
5 JS 2 3 a 5 *S
5 ££ Z.^ ~3
STATIONS. § !§"f!<I I* ft
Astoria 30.06 6S 52 NW Clear 0
Baker 30.02 64 46 N Pt Cldy 0
Carson 2$. 9.) 76 44 AV I»t Cldy 0
Eureka 30.02 62 50 NW Cloudy. 0
Fresno 23. SO 94 60 AV Oear 0
F.agstaff 30.00 72 35 SW Clear 0
PxrateMo. Id 29. SS 72 44 W Clear 0
Independence 29.76 M 54 SE Clear 0
Los Angeles 29.84 81' 52 AV Clear 0
Phoenix 29.74 94 5S S Clear 0
Portland 30.00 74 H NW Pt Cldy 0
Red Bluff 29. SO 54 6; SE Pt Cldy 0
F.oseburg 30.94 80 T.2 NE Pt Cldy 0
Sacramento 2&.S2 92 5S SW Clear 0
Salt Lake 30.04 70 4S N Clear 0
San Francisco... .29.92 76 50 A\* Pt Cldy 0
San Luis Oblspo. 29.90 84 44 W Clear 0
San Diego 29. U 70 60 NW Clear 0
Seattle 30.CS «« 52 AV Clear T.
Spokan« .• 30.04 70 4« NW Clear .Oi
AValla Walla 30.00 74 54 N Clear 0
AVinnemucca 29. $4 76 40 NW Cloudy 0
Yuma P.a J<$ 62 W Clear 0
Temperature " a. m., 5S degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains, except
In Utah, where there has been a rapid ris*.
The temperature has ri&on about IS degrees
In the tian Joa.juin A'aliey. The temperatures
throughout California are from 7 to 17 de
grees above the normal. In the great valleys
warmer weather i>revalls thfin for ten days
imst. T*iyi*raturfs from i'2 to 81 degrees are
reported in the interior.
As yet there are no reports of a norther, and
conditions are excellent lor ripening grain and
fruit.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight Jun« 16:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except
cloudy In northern portion; continued warm
weather in the valleys; fresh westerly winds
en the coast with fog.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; warmer;
fresh westerly winds, with fog on the coaat.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday;
fresh westerly winds.
Utah— Cloudy. un««ettled weather Sunday;
frefh southerly winds.
Arizona— Fair in southern portion; cloudy,
unsettled weather in northern portion Sunday*
light eoutherly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday:
fresh westerlv winds, with fog in th« after
coon. " ALEXANDER G. Me A DIE.
Forecast Official.
m
* *
THE COAST RECORD
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings for the past week were
S22.766.S22, against $21,531,912 during the same
•week last year.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 15—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, C2; Mount Tamalpais. SO; Indepen
dence. 64; Red Bluff. S4; Fresnq. 94; Los An
geies, S2; Sacramento, 92; San Luis Obispo,
Si; San Diego. 70.
Ban Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
75; minimum. 50; mean, 62.
Do prefd 104% I Adventure ....;.... 17
American Sugar.. .143% Bingham 23
Amer Telephone... 152»* Amalg Copper 123>4
Boston & Albany. ,253'i Atlantic S314
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— » , West End 93
Call loans 3 €3% Bonds-
Time loans 3i6@4i4 Atchison 4s 103U
Stocks— N E Gas & C 5s... 69%
Atch T & Sta. Fe.. 87% Mining Shares— .
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 13
Alice 40 Ontario 8 3711
Breece 1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con ... 16 Phoenix 13
Comstock Tunnel . . 06 Potosl 07
Con Cal & Va .. 2 15 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra .. 55 Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver '. 59 Standard 3 65
Leadvllle Con 05
do coup 106% Reading gen 4s ... 98%
Dist of Col 3.63s... 125 R G W lsts 103
Atchison gen 4s ...10U« St L & I M con 5s. 117
do adj 4s 9» St L & S F gen ES.136U
Can South 2ds HOVi St Paul cons 18 J
Ches & Ohio 4^s:.108Vi St P C & Pac lsts.HS
do 6a 120 do 6b 119
C & W con 7s 142V4 South Pac 4s 93%
do S F deb 5s. ...122 South Ry 5s 119
Chi Term 4s 96% S Rope & T 6s 63
Colo South 4s 83£ Tex & Pac lsts. ..118*4
I) & R Cr 4s IGV/i do 2ds WVi
Erie gen 4s 30% Union Pac 4s 106%
Ft W & D C lsts. .106%| Wabash lsts 117%
Gen Elec 6s ISo 1 ,* ¦ Wabash 2ds 111V.
Iowa Central lsts. .115 West Shore 4s ... 114Vi
L & Nash uni 4S..103H Wis Cent Ists ...'. 9l2
M K & T 2ds 86% Va Centuries 96V4
do 4s 99% *
MINING STOCKS.
their absorption by the United States Steel
Corporation.
The statement of our May exports of domestic
products indicated a continuance of the extra.
nnynary conditions of -our foreign trade, the
Increase in value over those of May last year
being more than $11,000,000. exclusive of manu
factured products. The continued growth of the
country's wealth thus Indicated helps to pre
vent any apprehension from the effects upon
the money market of the temporary demands
tor credits for large corporate transactions.
Ther^ has been a good general demand for
railroad bonds, and some of the convertible and
contingent interest issues have been active and
strong.
United States bonds closed .unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid
6.500 Atchison S7 T 4
8.700 Atchison prefd 104*1
2.400 Baltimore & Ohio 11O»;
1,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 95
Canadian Pacific 104^4
Canada Southern ." 70
400 Chesapeake & Ohio 49=4
Chicago & Alton 46*,
300 Chicago & Alton prefd 81*4
100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1S6 - 1
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 39 "
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd...:.. 73'i
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
S00 Chicago & Great Western 23»;
Chicago & Great Western A prefd... S3V
1,000 Chicago & Great Western B prefd... 53
2,100 Chicago & Northwestern 207Vi
1,500 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 170
700 Chicago Terminal & Trans 22%
100 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 43
S00 C C C A St Louis 8614
2,200 Colorado Southern 15V>
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 5l»i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd T3
200 Delaware & Hudson i67Vi
400 Delaware Lack a wanna & Western.. 23S
700 Denver & Rio Grande ?... f.2?i
3,400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd lO2i»
10,000 Erie 44U
500 Erie 1st prefd 70?;
Erie 2d prefd 56\
Great Northern prefd 15.5
200 Hocking Valley 54U
100 Hocking Valley prefd 77<U
900 Illinois Central 114^
1.000 Iowa Central 36^
Iowa iVntral prefd 64'i
Lake Erie & Western 69
Lake Erie ft Western prefd 120
4.800 Louisville & Nashville uoi;
3.400 Manhattan L u>s\«
6.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 175U
:.500 Mexican Central 2$^
400 Mexican National ni,
Minneapolis & St Louis ml
14.3P0 Missouri Pacific i;jt,
600 Missouri Kansas A: Texas S2**
2.2P0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prvfd 6J"»
New Jersey Central hjo
600 New York Central 1.171:
WO Norfolk & Wwntern 541;
100 Norfolk & Western prefd S?u
Northern Pacific 120
Northern Pacific prefd 9$U
5.300 Ontario & Western STTj
1.6C0 Pennsylvania lsai.
10.400 Reading 4;?!
S7.30O Heading l*t prefd go
6,000 .Reading 2d prefd 6TU
SCO Kt Louis & San Fran 4714
•• St Louis & San Fran 1st profd S4" a
600 St Louis A: San Fran 2d. prefd 73»i
300 St Louln Southwestern 35U
200 St Loulx Southwestern prefd 63
89,000 St Paul lsov
2.600 St Paul prefd iilSU
22,600 Southern Pacific C0 7 i
2,900 Southern Hallway 30^
1.000 Southern Railway prefd lk$'
2,900 Texas & Pacific 471;
400 Toledo St Louis & Western 2"U
SCO Toledo St Louis & Western prefd... 3£V«
60,100 Union Pacific 114
. 400 Union Pacific prefd 91
. 900 Wabash 23V>
1,500 Wabash prefd 43
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 21U
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 34
1.0C0 Wisconsin Central 23V4
Wisconsin Central prefd :.... 45^
Express Companies —
....... Adams igo
American 193
United States 93
«. Wells-Fargo 1C0
Miscellaneous —
5,500 Amalgamated Copper 12'&%
3,600 American Car & Foundry 33%
700 American Car & Foundry prefd 87V.
100 American Linseed Oil 20 "
100 American Linseed OH prefd 48%
• 600 American Smelting & Refng 57^4
300 American Smelting & Kefng prefd.. 101
4,200 American Tebacco lSSVi
800 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
2.S00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S1V4
3,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 130/
200 Consolidated Gas 222^
1,900 Continental Tobacco 68%
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 119%
200 General Electric 246%
1,600 Glucose Sugar «»
300 Hocking Coal 22H
100 International Paper Uy»
100 International Paper prefd 7714
100 International Power 96%
100 Laclede Gas $5
100 National Biscuit 45»4
1,300 National Lead 23>
¦ National Salt ....'44 "
200 National Salt prefd 77
300 North American 96%
Pacific Coast 70
300 Pacific Mail 42
12,400 People's Gas 117%
100 Pressed Steel Car 44%.
Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
Pullman Palace Car 209
1,100 Republic Steel 20^4
400 Republic Steel prefd '...74%,
4,100 Sugar ( 144\i
10,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 68%
3,600 Union Bag & Paper Co 17V.
400 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 72 "
&G0 United States Leather 14
200 United States Leather prefd 79V4
800 United States Rubber 2OTs
300 United States Rubber prefd 62
17,100 United States Steel 4K%
5.600 United States Steel prefd 98%
2,000 Western Union $$%
442.6C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V R refunding 2s iN Y Cent lets 107%
reg 106%,iN J Cent gen 5s...l3lii
do coup 107U North Pac Ss ~2',%
do 3s reg 109 do 4s 105%
do coup 109 NYC &.St L 4s..lO6'g
do new 4s reg. ...139 Norf & W con 4s..lC2",8
do new 4s coup. ..139 Or Nav lsts 109
<3o old 4s reg 112Vi do 4s 103U
do coup 113(c Or S Line 6s.. 129'i
do 5s reg 108%! do con 5s 119
¦ r Bld-Ask. BUJ.Aak.
Alpha *. C3 01 Jostles 02 04>
Alta — 02 Kentuck ........ 01 OS
Andes 04 C5 Lady Wash 0i —
Belcher 05 07 Mexican 26 23
Best & Belcher 19 20 1 Occidental ..'... 03 <vi
Bullion — OVOphir 97 93
Caledonia — 4<>. Overman 21 ¦•23
Challenge Con.. 16 lSlPotosi 10' n
Chollar 06 07jSavage 08 09
Confidence 64 70 Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 20 2 23lSeg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 23 24
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill ' SO 31
Crown Point... 07 08 St Louis C5 —
Eureka Con.... 06 — IStandard t 53 5 70
Exchequer — 02)Syndicat» C5 07
Gould & Curry. 05 C6iTJnion Con 13 i!»
Hale & Norcrs. 27 29irtah '. 04 05
Julia — 02lTellow Jacket- 13 1*
SATURDAY, June 13—13 «.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the salea la the. Padfle StocJ*,-
Exchange yesterday:
Mornins Session.
100 Caledonia 40 800 Mexican ........ 27
700 Con Cal & V.2 23H 450 Ophir 93
400 Con Cal & V...2 25 500 Ophir «... 93
200 Con Cal & V.2 27H 800 Overman a)
500 Mexican. 23 6C0 Sierra Nevada. 24
Alaska PKk..l23tfS9 tOceanlc S Co. «7H —
r«l Fruit Can. — 87 Pan Aux FA.. 3 —
O»| Win* A»n.lOO — IPae C Borax.. 1K> —
Merchnts' Ex. 11') — fPar Paint IS —
Mornins Session.
60 Equitable Gas 8 37i£
5 Fireman's Fund Insurance 24S Oft
10 Honokaa S Co- 212."
l.*0 Kllatira Sugar Plantation Co 18 SO
150 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co. s 90. . 13 BO
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. 114 5rt
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per ct bond3.114 00
$1000 Oceanic S 8 bond3 103 00
20 Pacific Lighting, s 3 43 CO »
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash S3 75
60 Spring Valley Water 82 on
$.3000 8 V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)..102 13
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. »
Board—
100 Four • 35
200 Four 35
2 Hanford S3 00
700 Lion 11
1000 Monarch of Arizona 2S
1100 Petroleum Center os
60 Sovereign "2*
400 Sovereign 23
100 Sterling 13245
SAN" FRANCISCO OTL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Home Oil » 12^5
1000 Monarch of Arizona. , » 29
25 Peerless • - 5 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the- San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alpha Con 03' 100 Ophir 9T
800 Belcher 06 300 Ophir 99
3(10 Best & Belcher 20 800 Overman 20
100 Caledonia 40 200 Savage 09
300 Chollar 0« 200 Sierra. Nevada. 24
200 Con Cal & Va..2 20 30O Union Con IS
' 100 Confidence So j. 200 Utah. 05
?00 Mexican 26
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
Giant — 78 iVIsorit I Hi
SUGAR.
liana 7' 3 "\ Ktlaiu-t ....... 1^'i —
Hawttllan — .V. [Mnkawetl S<% SOv;
HnnoKaa SI 2t'a lOnomea. tl^j —
Hutchlnson ... 19Va 19*» I Paauhau M —
POWDER
California 130 131 O 3 L & H.... 40 —
(5o»ry — 4t> Presidio .... v . 35 —
Market 7O',i 7Ui
Cal Safe Dep..lC7H — ;S F National.. 122H —
First Natl 309 313 ''
SAVINGS BANKS. . ¦
German 1900 — Sav & Loan... — — •
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 — •
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1400 — '
San Francisco. 52v '5J0
STREET RAILROADS.
Anarlo-Cal .... 77 SI |L P & A 11T —
California — 419 i Mer Ex (Uq>.. 1« —
BANKS.
INSURANCE,
Flrem's Fund.:i2'i — f
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt tt —
Equitable 3'i 3% Sacramento ... — n
Mutual 4'i — S F G & E.... SS«i Z&%
Oakland 50 51 San Francisco. -4 4H
Pacific Imp... 3SV 3 33 T i« Stktn G & K.. — —
Contra Costa.. 8034 81 I Spring Valley. S3 EMI
Marin County. 52*i — i
WATER STOCKS.
Bay CPC 5sJC5 — Oceanic SS 5s. 103 1031-4
Cal-st 5s 113 — Omnibus R 6S.127 —
C C Water os.lOOUHO P«c « Imp 43. — 10O
Ed L & P 6s..l-'8U.133U Pk A; C H 68.108 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7V 3 — Pk & O R 6s. in —
'Jeary-st is — — Powll-st R 8s. 120 —
H C & S IMsS-lW* — Sac K G R Bs. — —
Do 53 lOl^i — S F & SJV 5S.120H —
Los Ang R 5s.ll4'.i — • [Sierra Cal 6s.. — 119
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 fl9C3) 113% —
Do sr.td 5s.. 103 — (1910) Ill —
L A & Pac 5s. .100 — S P of A «3
Do 1 c m 5s..lC: s 4 — (1903). Ser A. 108 108H
Markt-st G 6s. — 127!i (19C5). Ser B.108«£109S
Do 1 c m 5s..i;2»i — (19C6) lOSHlW-i
Nev Co R 7a.. — 11% «191Z> 119 123
Nor R Cal 6s.. Ill 115 S P of Cal 1st
Do 5a 11S>4119H cp gntd g 5s.lO7 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 100 — S P Br Cal 6s. — 13«
Doss 108 109 S V Water 6a. — 113 T -{
Nor Cal R 5s.U0 113 Do 43 102H103H
Oak Gas 5s 112 — Do 4s. 3d m.lOttilOS
Do Trans 63.1164117U Stktn Ga3 6s.. 100 —
Do Wat 53..1U4HW5 I
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. . U3«;114',i'4s qr cp (new). 139 140
4s quar reg m'-jin^i '33 quar coup. .109 110
UNITED STATES BONDS.
•SATURDAY. June 13—12 m.
3OTEI,. ARRIVALS.
Business waa quiet on all the stock exchanges
and prices showed no variations worthy o£
note.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Oakland Gas. 25c; Oakland, San Leandro and
Haywards R. R., 20c; Presidio R. B-. 15c;
Kilauea Sugar, 23c.
An assessment of 5c has been levied on ths
stock of Caribou Oil Company, to become de
linquent on the board July 14. at the offlca
July IS. The assessment la levied for th» pur
rose or paying oft the debt with a view to sus
pending operations and awaiting a better mar
ket for oil. W. A. SDinks has been elected
president,' and the office of the company will
be removed to Hanford.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange- laat
week were J5.3S1 shares, valued at $27,650; tb«
leading sales being as follows: Four, 130O
shares; Haaford-Fresno-Kern • River, 1900:
Home, 1075;' Independence. 10C0: Junction, 1S0O;
Lion. 620O; Monarch. 3743: Monte Cristo, 1700;
Occidental. 22CO; Oil City. 1300: Petroleum Cen
ter. 21.6D8; Reed. 16S8; Sovereign, 3475; Sterling,
1900.
A semi-annual dividend of 3 per cent Is now
being paid by the London and San Francisco
Bank.
The California Powder 'Works Company will
pay a dividend cf $1 per share on the 20th.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company has declared a quarterly dividend at
the rata cf 6 per c-ent per annum, payable
July l.
The California Fruie Canners' Association
has declared a monthly dividend of 60o per
.share, payable on t?ie 20th.
Exchange and Silver utichattged. *i
Weekly bank clearings gain as usual.
Wheat and other grains continue dull and featureless. ' .
Hay easy, but no burr. Feedstuffs steady.
Beans and Seeds dull at the familiar quotations.
Old Potatoes firmer and new weaker. Onions weak.
Considerable Butter being placed in cold storage.
Cheese in heavy supply and zvcak. Fine Eggs firm.
One car of Eastern in and another announced for to-morrow.
Orchard fruits continue in good supply and fair demand.
Three cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrow.
Watermelons from Arizona slozv of sale.
Wool quiet, Hops nominal and Hides fairly active.
Beef, Mutton and Pork unchanged.
Nothing nezv on the local stock exchanges.
Prunes and Dried Apples firmer, owing to poor crop prospects.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25@2 60 per"
box; new, 15® 30c per small and 50c@$l per
large box," and ' 12'/A@25c per basket.'
- APRICOTS— 25@£0c per box, 40@60c per crate
and 25(5'40c per basket.- - -...
. CHERRIES— 50c@$l for' dark and 60c@$l for
Royal Anne: In bulk,, 6®8c- per lb-for bla/ik,
5@6c for red and 6@9c for Royal Anne. ;•
PLUMS— 15@35c per box. 2O@40c per crata
and 12%®30c per basket for Clyman, and 50®
75c per crate ¦ for Tragedy. •. " " ;
CHERRY PLUMS^lSeSOc per box." t
PEACHES— 25@60c per box '• and 25©50c per
basket. ' • ' .\ ¦¦.¦"• - ¦ '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Three cars of Oranges are announced for to-'
morrow's auction. • The market remains with
out chanre.
Five crates of Sweetwater Grapes from Ari
zona sold at $2 per crate. The Watermelons
from that section - are very slow of sale.
• There is little change in orchard fruits, the
market being heavily, supplied with all de
scriptions, especially Plums. ' There was a
good demand for Peaches for shipment. •
. Berries did not bring the usual Saturday ad
vance, owing to liberal receipts. Currants
sold well, as usual. Gooseberries are dwindl
ing and the season will soon be over.
Basket fruit from the river continues ' cheap
and quiet* . . - - . ¦ ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras. 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store. 13c. f . ¦ ¦.-.,;«
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8c; choice,
7V4c: common, nominal; Young. Americas, 9c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%o perlb."
EGGS— • *
California Eanch— Selected "White, *17%c;
mixed colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15o; standard,
12%c; seconds, .
DAIRY EXCHANGE- QUOTATIONS. .
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extrae, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16Vic
per lb. ' . -
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15@18%e for good to fancy;
store. 12%@14%c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Dealers still report a. good deal of Butter
going into cold storage, as the demand is in
sufficient to consume all the arrivals. Prices
remain as before.
The shelves continue loaded with Cheese and
the market rules weak at previous prices.
Fine Eggs are still quoted firm and occasion
ally 19c is obtained, but it is a squeeze, and
then only in a small way. The medium and
lower grades are still In good supply and easy.
Receipts were 31,800 pounds and 6S tubs of
Butter, 998 cases of Eggs,\ cases Eastern
Eggs, 11.300 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. . t
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
One car of Eastern came In and another is
announced for Monday. . j Otherwise there was
nothins new.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9cc for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Uosllngs, $1@1 25; Ducks, $3 5004 for old
and $4(35 for young; Hens. $3 50@4: young
Roosters, J6@£: old Roosters, $2@3 50: Fry
ers, $4; Broilers, $3® 3 50 for large and $175
©2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 25(31 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25<§1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c®$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at $3 75@4;
New Red, 35Q55c per sack; New Yellow, 90c@
$1 per ctl. •
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 25®75c per box;
Asparagus, $2©2 25 for large, $1 25@1 75 per box
for No. 1 and 75c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas, $1®
150 per sack; String Beans, lVi>(g4c; Cabbage,
60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los Angeles,
75c® $1: from Winters, 75c@$l; Dried Pep
pers. 12ff?lSc; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; Car
rots. 25(g'35c per sack: Marysville Cucumbers.'
$l!gfl 40 per box; Winters, - — ; Bay, $2 50@3;
Garlic 2<34c; Green Peppers, 17%ff25c per lb:
Egg Plant. 5@10c per lb; Green Corn, $lff?2 per
sack; Summer Squash, 35® 60c per box; Bay do,
$H51 25. • .
Oregon Potatoes are now controlled in close
hands and held firmer. New are no longer
coming in In sacks. Boxed goods are weaker,
except Early Rose, which are rather scarce at
the moment. There la little change In Onions,
though yellow p.re weak.
Asparagus sold higher and good Corn was
firmer. Otherwise there was not much change
in Vegetables.
POTATOES — Burbanks. SI 25igi 60 for Oregon:
New Potatoes, 90c@l 50 for Burbanks and 90c@
1 25 for Early Rose In boxes.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dullness continues to characterlxe this mar
ket nnd quotations remain as before.
BEANS— Bayos. J2 45«T2 60; Small White. M SO
Ql; Large Whtte. H©4 20; rink, $1 40©l 70;
Red. J3S3 13; Dlackeye. $3 10tf3 25; Llmas. $6 25
C6 3>; Pen. nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SKKDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $3 C0G3: Canary, 3Vi49
S'ie for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 20
2Uc; Hemp. JV4c; Timothy. 6*ic.
DRIED TEAS-Nlles. tl 60 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay rules easy, with a slight tendency toward
lower quotations. All feedstuffs remain as-be
fore.
BRAN— $17618 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $1S 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50@17 iJ
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal,
$28@29; Cracked Corn, $28 50®29 50; Mixed Feed.
$lfi f.0«17 SO.
HAY— New. $S@10 for Wheat. $7 50©9 50 for
Wheat and Oat and $4S7 50 for Volunteer. OM
is quoted us follows: Volunteer. $5©8; Wheat.
$11 50<gl3; Wheat and Oat, $10«12; Oat. $9@U 50;
Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley, nom
inal, ner ton.
STRAW— 25(B>i7Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUtt — California Family extras, $3 25(3
3 DO, usual terms ; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25 ;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers, $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $T per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 15: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy.
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks. $6@7 50: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Pfas,
?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 68Vie: 6000. 6S%c; 8000. 68%c.
Second Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000 ctls,
6S%C.
OATS— The usual apathy prevails and the
market shows no change. White. $142Vi@155;
Surprise, $1 50@l 65; Red, $135@145; Black,
$1 22%@1 32^ per ctl.
CORN— There is nothing new to report. The
market continues dull. Small round Yellow,
$1 50; Eastern Yellow, ?1 27#@1 30; White, $1 30;
mixed. »127%.
RYE— 73(gSOc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl,
ex- warehouse.
CALL BOARD SALES
Chicago opened lower on unfavorable cables,
favorable weather and some liquidation, but
the strength in coarse grains helped wheat, and
the market turned higher, . being helped by the
bad reports from France, which were accom
panied by buying orders from the Continent.
The French new3 was the principal factor of
the day. Advices to Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.
said that in spite of lower «ables wheat has
j averaged firm up to the present, and that the
weather is all that could be desired, except that
the rains are interfering with the harvest.
The local market was weak and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@98%c; milling,
$1 02%@l 03%..
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $101%; 22,000, $101%. . ..
Second ( Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 01%.
Regular Mornins - Session — December — 10,000
ctls. *1 01%.
BARLEY— Previous prices ruled, with the
usual dull market.
. Feed. 72%@733ic for No. 1 and 70c for off
grades'; Brewing and Shipping STades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool- was lower- and Paris
higher. There were bad reports from France,
the crop prospects being gloomy and deteriorat
ing daily. . . ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86'S
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89^
Sterling cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight...... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce .'. — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 5.0
Exchange and Bullion.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance. $167,417,507; gold, $35,228,235.
'¦LONDON, June 15.— Atchlson, 89%; Canadian
Pacific, 106J4; Union. Pacific preferred, 93;
Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Grand Trunk,
11%; Anaconda, 10%. Bar silver, quiet," 27 7-16d
per ounce. Money, ?i@l per cent.
NEW YORK. June 15.— The Commercial'Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day had a' subdued
cheerfulness that quite disregarded New
York's early fears that its bank statement to
day would make an unfavorable showing and
that gold exports might be expected in' the
near future. There was good buying of Amer
icans, therefore, particularly Union Pacific
which was favorably affected by the talk of
consolidation plans.
Money to-day ruled steady.
CLOSING.
"Trade In the United States is abnormally
active and likely to be more active during the
coming year than hitherto, and the demand for
money In America Is llksly to greatly expand.
Consequently it will have to be met by a
greater stock of gold. But the world's produc
tion is more than sufficient to provide the cur
rency needs of America and the usual demands
of the arts. Jhe surplus must, apparently, flow
into the banks of England, France and Ger
many. There is every reason to believe that
the autumn demand will be met without diffi
culty. Thereafter the accumulation in the chief
centers will result In easier money than for
years. We may regard the period of money
stringency as practically past."
Discussing the hupre production of gold in re
cent years, attended by the abnormal demand
of several countries, compared with the entirely
changed conditions in Russia, India and Japan,
which are now releasing gold, the Statist re
marks:
"The really important factor governing ' the
value of money in London this autumn will be
the condition of trade and the demand for
money in the United States. They are gathering
an enormous wheat crop, exports during- the
coming year will be very great and the trade
balance in their favor will be colossal. Our
holdings of American securities are greatly re
duced and in the event of a continuance of
trade expansion In America, which appears cer
tain, we may be required to pay In gold for a
portion of our cotton and wheat. Hence tht
American demand for gold will probably neces
sitate protective measures by the Bank of Eng
land in the autumn."
The Statist says
Money in Berlin Is abundant and there Is a
prospect of the reduction of the German bank
rate in July. The lowness of Berlin exchange
is attributed to the recent heavy selling of
American securities for German account and
must be taken in connection with the high New
York exchange. Much American money Is be
ing Fent to London to pay for securities pur
chased in Germany. Owing to the poorness of
the German crops the trade oalance will be ex
ceptionally unfavorable and consequently there
is greater prospect of exports of gold from Ber
lin than of imports.
The marked advance in French exchange early
In the week was partly due to the transfer of
a moderate amount of Russian money to Lon
don. When this was completed a reaction oc
curred, excluding: an exceptions demand on
account of Russia. The desire of French capi
talists to employ money In London Is expected
to be sufficiently keen to keep French exchange
well above the gold point. The supply of money
in France is enormous.
LONDON. June 15. — Money was plentiful to
day and discounts were weak. The tone of the
Stock Exchange was cheerful, but there was
hardly enough business to test prices. Opera
tors were hopeful that with the continuance of
the ease of money activity will soon be In
creased. Gilt-edged securities hardened. Amer
icans were quiet and at parity. The inactivity
tended to irregularity and there were some de
clines noticeable. The close was steady., The
contributors to the causes of the plethora of
money are Government disbursements, the re
turn of country cash usual alter Whitsuntide
and fhe accumulation preparatory to the loan
installment of June 18. The Increased demand
in connection therewith will probably stiffen
rates nml be followed by u further temporary
hardening In the succeeding week with the
Stock 'Exchange settlement and the half-year
end Immediately thereafter. However, heavy
Government disbursement*, combined with the
release of funds July 4. will again rewult in ex
treme ease. Therefor*, in view of the bank's
strength and »he tendency in New York ami
Purls U> send to I^ondon, the maintenance of
the bank rate nt SVa per cent was unnecessary.
Though the reduction was a great surprise no
movement is antlc'.rntert until June 29. The
action taken la Indorsed by many who are
closely ncijURlnted with the prevailing condi
tions of the great money markets of the world.
The banks of Holland and Belgium correspond
ingly reduced tholr rates to 3 per cent.
London Financial [hLulat.
The Financier says: Large syndicate opera
tions are reflected In the New .York bank state
ment of June 15. The excess reserve was again
heavily decreased and stands at $S, 782,125. as
compared with 5"1,2SC,OCO on May Zo, a loss of
over $12,000,000 In three weeks. In this period
the loans of the banks have risen no less than
$42.OOO,CCO and deposits $44,000,000. while the
amount of cash on hand is about $1.700,0(*) less
than on the former date. It appears, there
fore, that the banks are not losing much par
ticulerly, but that the increased liabilities are
tying up a large amount of otherwise Idle
money in the form of reserve deposits. This
is worthy of mention only in the sense that
the large operations noted are of a more or less
temporary character and their consummation
may set free quite an amount of available
lund.4 in the near future. The July dividend
period is largely being arranged for and may
exert an influence in the market soon. The
particular features which are shown in the
current statement are. traceable to the Penn
sylvania steel purchase and kindred ponding
deals and the loss of $1,500,000 in casb Is due
to movements of money in the direction of
Philadelphia; which were heavy during the
bank week, and to operations with the eub
tr«iSUry ut New Ycrk. As a matter of I'act
the majority of the banks did not participate
as factors in the charges noted, the bulk of
the increases- in loans and depcsit3 having been
repotted by two large institutions which were
concerned in these special operations. While,
however, the declining reserve is thus easily
explained it cannot be denied that the effect
will be shown in some firmness of rates, as was
indicated at the close of the week. This does
not mean a long continuance of harder condi
tions, but with the surplus reserve reduced
over half in two weeks it is not surprising
that a firmer tendency is shown. Loans are
still about $1S.OOO.COO under the maximum fig
ures reached March 9 last and deposits are
$2K.000,000 less, but the excess reserve at the
present time is $2,OCO,-000 less than at the
period of record-breaking deposit and loan
totals, so that a continued expansion seems
impossible unless money moves to this center
in heavier volume. Eut, as pointed out. this
is no reason to expect a continuance of heavy
increases in any of the items. A small amount
of gold was taken for export during- the week.
This does not figure in the current statement.
It is expected that as the 1st of July draws
near these shipments will Increase tn fre
quency in order to make July settlements.
Rates are higher at Berlin than elsewhere
and the exports, if any. will probably be to
that center.
NEW YORK. June 15.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: Loans $900,943,900. increase $13,314,890.
Deposits $984,194,300. increase $12,073,500.' Cir
culation $30,904,400, increase $29,0U0. Legal ten
ders $77,6i7,300, increase |335,S0D. Specie 5177.
133,400, decrease $1,876,300. Reserves $254,830,700,
decrease $1,540,300. Reserve required $246,048,
373. increase 33.01S.459. Surplus $8,S72,123 de
crease $4,o5!«,375.
Associated Banks' Statement,
Boston Elevated.. .1701s Boston & Mont.. ..460
Boston & Maine. ..134 Butte & Boston. ..114
Chi B & Q 1S6^ Calumet & Hecla..S15
Dominion oCal S6V- Centennial 29
Do prefd 116}£ Franklin 17'
tj S Steel 4834 Humboldt 2". ¦
Do prefd 98% Osceola 87
Fitchburgr prefd. ..143 Parrot 64
Gen Elec. ex-div. ..247 • Quincy 172
Mexican. Central... 25% Santa Fe Copper.. 6V 3
N L Gas & Coke.. 8 Tamarack 330
OM Colony 206 Utah Mining.. 29Vi
Old Dominion 3CH Winona 2'4
Rubber 21 i Wolverines 5C«i
Union Pacific 113TbI
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 14.016\Potatoes, »ks...~ 429
Oats, ctls ISO Bran. aks. ~ S.HO
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
1 he oats market benefited . much by the
strength in the. corn pit. Juiy closed strong
and l'VOUic improved at 28',4(?i28Vic.
Provisions were quiet, but the. market had a
strong undertone on better prices lor hogs.
Trading was light en the whole, with an early
demand for ribs and lard the only feature.
July pork closed 2',4c improved, lard 5s iiigher
and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cl'se.
Wheat No. 2— , .
June C9V4 10% 69>i 70
July 70 70% . 69y 4 VOVi
September 6S& 6S% 68H 68%
Corn No. 2—
June ' 42U
July 42?i 41^ 42% 43%
September 43% 4414 «',4 44 14
Oats No. 2—
July 27% 2S?4 27'; 2SVi
Septen-ber 25% 26 25% 25%
Mesa Pork, per bbl —
July 14 72>i 14 75 14 70 14 T5
September 14 S7Vi 14 95 14 87V4 14 92>4
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 8 50 8 52i,4 8 50 8 50
September 8 60 8 65 8 57V4 8 65
October 8 60 8 63 • S 60 8 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 8 05 S 07H 8 00 8 05
September 8 10 8 12^ 8 07'j 8 12H
* , •::•
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. June 15.— Though the session in
the wheat pit was quiet, there -was a surpris
ing change in the tone of the market.
With Liverpool prices down and a continua
tion of excellent weather, the day began with
a modest array of sellers and July wheat opened
MpMc to U@%c below yesterday's close at
G9T&C to 70c and, under the pressure of the sell
ing movement, the price declined %c. All of
ferings were taken by one or two commission
houses, and this started a rumor that the
buying was for export. Consequently the
market turned, advancing to 70 1 ,gc. Profit tak
ing took %c off this price, but the expecta
tion of more buying orders caused a continua
tion of the upward movement to the high
price of the day, 70%i?J-70%c. .Under profit tak
ing there was a slight reaction, .and the olose
wa.s firm, Vt<3%c higher at 70Hc.
Improved cables and the smallness of stocks
on hand more than matched the bearish weath
er conditions, and the corn market, from a
firm b^ginnlnc, developed surprising strength.
July corn closed strong and l^c up at 43%c.
Several commission houses took considerable
quantity.
As usual on Saturday, the market for evap
orated apples ruled very quiet, but still re
tained its steadiness ,of undertone at fully
sustained prices. State common to good 3V£@
5c; prime, .5V&@5%c: fancy, 6»£@7c. •"
California dried fruits, dull.
PRUNES— 2%@6>2C per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, S@12c; Moorpark, 7>,4@
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. H@lSc; unpeeled, 6@19c.
DRIED FRUITS,
EGGS— Receipts, 7576 packages. Firmer.
Western candled, 12?i@13c; Western regular
packed, ll@12^£c.- :¦' . '
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece. 26@27o.
COFFEE— Futures closed - dull but steady.
Sales for. July were at 5.25c: September. 5.20c;
October, 5.20c; March, 5.f>5@5.6Oc. Spot. dull.
No. 7 Invoice,. 6c; mild, quiet; Cordova, SVi@
12^ic. • ¦•¦ ¦ ., ¦. •¦ .:--. ., ¦
SUGA_R— Raw, steady ; fair refining:. 3%c ;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, quiet; No. 6, 5c;' No. 7 4.90c; No. 8,
4.80c; No. 9, 4.75c; No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11. 4.65c;
No. 12, 4.60c; No. 13, 4.C0c; No. 14. 4.55c; stand
ard A, 5.35c: confectioners' ¦ A, 5.3oc; mold A,
5.90c; cut loaf, 6.05c; crushed, 6.05c; powdered,
5.65c; granulated, 5.55c; cubes, 5.85c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6654 packages. Steady.
Creamery, 15@19c; factory, 14@14V4c.
'Rye. ctls 540 Hops, bales 35
Tallow, ctls...... 251,Straw. tons 10
Wine, gals 15,600 Hay. tons 4S7
Leather, rolls...-. 37 Middlings, sks.... 756
Quicksilver, flsks 62 Bran, sks 521
Sugar, bags 3,000 Onions, .sks.. ...*. 481
Chicory, bags.... 40 Potatoes', sks 3,143
Chicory, bbls 3 Beans, sks 20
Lime, bbls 36J :
Flour, qr sks 6,424 Pelts, bdls 1,27*
Wheat, ctls....... 1,836 Hides, No 5S?
Barley, ctls S40 Wool, bales .-470
Oats, ctls ' 360|Broomcorn, bdls.. ISO
FOR SATURDAY.. JUNE 15.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.23c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.S5c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Fru!t Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 6.23c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; box
es. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
\2V-c; Pearl Oil. in cases, lS^c; 1 Astral, 18%c;
Star, 18%c: Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20Vsc; deodorized stove- Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; in cases, '21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, Jl 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
foe: raw. 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
Mnter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, S5c; China
Nut. 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 33c: cases. 40c.
RICE— China, Nq. 2. $4 10; No. 1, $4 65©5;
extra. $5 20tj;5 50; Japanese, $4 75<§5 50; Louisi
ana. $426 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant, 13 50: Coos
Bay. J5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative. Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and *13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per 2000 lbs and $S SO per ton, according to
brand. »»
¦ GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags. {5 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7»ic: local make, %c Ies3
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30g34c; Fleece
Twine, 7 1 / 4@Sc.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 6©6Ue;
180 to 225 lbs. 6c; 225 and over. 5%©5%c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs, 7V4@9>£c.
No further decline In Hogs Is noted. All
fears of a meat famine have subsided and no
apprehensions in regard to the strike are ex
pressed, so prices will probably show no
chanse from this cause.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@7V*c for Steers and 6@6^c per lb for
C VEAL— Large, 7%igSc: small. 8S?o per lb:
MUTTON— Wethers, 7(g8c; Ewes, 6}i@7c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8S9c per pound.
Son Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10*V4c; medium. 9©9%e; light. 9c: Cow
Hides S4©9c for heavy and S@S»ic for light;
Stags. 6',sc: Salted Kip, 914c: Salted Veal.
S'.sftlOc: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. l&BlV^c:
Culls, 134©14c: Dry Kip, lSc; Dry Calf. 16Vi<»
17c* Culls and Brands, 13®14c: Sheepskins.
ehearllng9. 13S30c each; short Wool. 30^30c
each: medium, «0#75c; lonsr Wool. SOetlSl
each; Horse Hides, salt. 13 50$a 73 for large
• nd $2 25 for medium. $1 S0@l 75 for small and
60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
Jl 50 tor medium, $1 23 for small and SOc for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, SSc;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth. EOe; medium. S3c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4>£QSo per lb; No.
2. S'ifHc; tcrense, 2<f?2Vae.
• WOOLr-Sprlniit. WC0 or 1901— Humboldt and
M*m1oclno. 13(UH'ic per lb: Northern, (re*. 1S8
13c: defective. 9®llc; Middle County, free. lo#
He; do defective. 8*T10c; Southern. 12 mor.th«,
SfflJiC' Southern, free. 7 months, 7©10c; do, de
fective, 7 month*. 7©Sc; Oregon Valley, nne,
U(ffl5o; do, medium and coarte, 11013c: Oregon,
Eastern, choice. llu'lSc; do, fair to good, 9QUc;
Nevada. He.
HOPS— 15HJ20C per lb.
All descriptions remain as before. Wool be
ing au.'et, Hides steady and in fair demand
and Hops nominal.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hop.-:.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for com
pound and lOV^c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10V2«n0%e; 10-lb tins, ll^llHc: 5-lb tins. li%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, S*ic ; three
half-barrelo 1 , 9!ic; one tierce, 9Vsc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8 Tic per lb. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy
12y>@13c for light medium. 13'jc for lipht. 14%c
for" extra light and 15'/£c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. Wi^lSc; Mess Beef, J12
per barrel: extra Mess, $12 50; Family. JU 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $23; Mess.
$19; Smoked Beef. 13\i@Uc per lb.
Quotations stand as before, with a fairly ac
tive market. .
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9@3He
for light amber; water white extracted, 5®5^c;
light amber extracted, 4@4^c; dark, 3Hc ¦
BEES\VAX-25<g2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. I softsh?!l. ll{m^4c:
No. 2. S@SVic: No. 1 hardshell. lCjeiO'ic; Xo. 2.
6"4@7Vjc; Almonds. 13<£il4e for paper-shell, 10®
lie for sbftshell and aftS for- hardshell; Pea
nuts. 5(56c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, H@lH4c;
Filberts. 12;gl2%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50©5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Ble.iched
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie:
standard, 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's," 'Jc per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. ICVic per lb:
choic-e. 9%e: standard, 8%e; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6Vi^: 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-crcwn, 5c: 3-crown. CVic. and
4-crown. 5^4c: seeded (Fresno prices). 5V»c;
London Layers. 2-crown, $1 .'.0 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 30;
Imperials, $3. .All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California.
PRUNES — 4 sizes. 3c; 40-".0s, e'.ic: 50-60s. 4Uc
60-VOs. 3*ic; 70-SOs, 3»ic; SO-«Os. 2 3 ;c; 90-100s, 2&C
10O-12CP. lHc.
FRUITS — Apricots. 5@7^c fcr old crop and
7%@SHe for new; Evaporated Apples. 5*4<36c;
sun dried. l'&(&2\ic: Peaches, 3H@4c for stand
ard, 4 1 / 4@5%c for choice and 6J;6',2C for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; 'Plums, pitted, 3ft 1c; unpitted, •%©
114c; Nectarines, 4@i' / £c for red and 4@5c for
white.
Apples are als: very «tiff and advancing tn
the East, owing to the bad crop outlook there.
New York, New Jersey. Pennsylvania. Virginia
and half a dozen other States reporting a poor
outlook for the coming croj>.
An Improvement In the Prune market is
noted, due principally to the change in the
French crop. A month ago it promised to be
heavy, but the fruit has dropped so seriously
that now only a light yield is expected. This
has caused Drices in France to advance and
led to an European inquiry for California
Prunes. Forty or fifty cars have changed
hands on this market durlrrg the past few
days, and the tendency in prices is upward.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange?, $1 25@3;
Seedlings, $l{il 73; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 25
©1 75; Valenclas. $1 5<Xg3; Tangerines. 50c®$l 2a;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 M>®2 50
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c(S?U 50; Mex
ican Limes. $4@5; Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 50^2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $2@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS — Watermelons from Indio, 25@50f
apiece; Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1 2532 per
crate.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $2 50©3 per
crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@5 for large berries. Receipts
were 449 chests.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4(96 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3£i 5 per chest and
per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $3©S per chest "and 75c@$l
per cratel
GOOSEBERRIES— ZO®ZZc per drawer and Z'Q
2%o in bulk; Oregon improved, 3@3*ic; Eng
lish, per lb.
CURRANTS— *Cti6 per chest. .
FIGS— From Vacaville and Porterville, $1^72
per box; from Yuma, per crate.
i PEARS— Madelines. 15(§35c per box and 15
@25c per basket. — •
ter, 5s lid ; No. 1 Northern spring,' 5a lO^d ; No.
1 . California, 6s %d. Futures, dull; July, 5s
8%d ; SeDtember, 5s 8%d. ;' ¦
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mlxe,d new, 3s
lid; do old, 4s 2i£d. Futures, steady; July, 3a
10%d; September. 3s ll%d. . • . . • . ¦
HOPS— At London, steady, £4@£4 10s.
¦...: x ¦ ' «>
j LOCAL MARKETS. j
* __ — *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JUNE 16, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
* — — . . *
NEW YORK, 'June 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,772 barrels; exports, '28,719 barrels.' Dull and
easy; winter patent, $5 65@3 90; winter
straights, $3 45@3 55; winter "extras, $2 50®2 85;
winter low grades, ' $2 30@2 40; , Minnesota
patents, 90@4 15; do bakers, $2 90<g3 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 131,500 bushels; exports,
77,780 J bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 79T<ic f.
o. b.'. 1 afloat: No. 2 red, • 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83%cf. o.b., afloat; No '1
hard Duluth. .86%c f. o. b., afloat. .. ¦ .
Options declined under continued bearish
crop news, lower cables, active selling for
local, foreign and Western accounts. ¦ They
subsequently rallied on covering and, with the
strength in corn, closed steady at a partial %c
net decline. July, 76^©76%c. closed 76%c; Sep
tember, 73%@74ftc, closed 74'^c; October closed
74%c; December closed . 75%c. '.• ¦ •.".: ¦ •"¦ ¦ : ;
HOPS— Steady. State common to choice, '1900
crop, 16@18c; 1899 crop, 10@13c; old olds, 2@6c-
Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 16@lS%c; 1899 crop. llfiB
15c; old olds. 2<3>6e. . - ¦ •¦ • :.-
HIDES— Steady. Calif ornia, / 21 to 25 pounds,
19c ;¦-/¦'', ¦¦?¦¦' ...v ¦- v , ¦•. ¦'.
New York Grain and Produce.
There was a decline In speculative activity
and some liquidation during the early part of
this week, caused by the showing made by last
Saturday's bank statement. But interest re
vived again as the week progressed, although
the volume of dealings did not rl*e to last
week's level. Many important general condi
tions developed which offered ground for ex
pected improvement. Eut the speculation?
seemed to be based for the most part oil special
considerations and was largely consisted In
special stocks. The substantial gains in the
list kept the undertone of the market pretty
firm and seemed to support prices against con
siderable realizing, which was in evidence from
time to time. Th« Gould group of stocks were
conspicuous features during the week. Belief
was confident early in the week that early an
nouncement would be made of steps accom
plished toward the expected consolidation which
Wall street has designated the greater Missouri
Pacific. The announcement that the Missouri
Pacific directors would consider other than
routine matters at a meeting next Monday and
the news that holdings of $12,000,000 of Missouri
Pacific convertibles paying 6 per cent had had
the option exercised of exchange into stock fos
tered the belief in coming developments. Some
•warning intimations were heard later against a
too confident assumption of early action toward
consolidation, and confidence was somewhat
modified and directed toward dividend actions
in Missouri Pacific itself
Some rumors that the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company has control of the Pennsylvania Steel
Company, to control its rail supply, are credit
ed in Wall street. These rumors attracted a
large number of buyers of Pennsylvania stock.
Fome very large dealings In the Pacifies
and Northwestern railroads were attributed
to Insiders and were supposed to be due
to the working out of the comprehen
sive plan of adjustment of claims, assur
ing permanent harmony, which was explicitly
promised in the official statement announcing
that an agreement had been reached In the
Northern Pacific dispute. As Northern Pacific
etock has practically disappeared from the mar
ket since the corner and dealings in Burlington
are nominal, while the floating supply of Chi
cago and Northwestern and Great Northern is
m:'all stocks of other companies have been
looked to as en index of proceedings. The
notable strength of Union Pacific and of St.
Paul has Jed to conclusions that an Inter
change of securities of some sort between the
two was contemplated. Rumors have been
plentiful In Wall street that the enlargement
or consolidation of some of the Independent
eteel companies would be made, preliminary to
NEW TORK. June 15.— There was a feverish
undertone in to-day's stock market, but the
buoyancy of St. Panl was a determining factor
In sustaining prices and In turning them up
ward after the dip occasioned by the weak
bank statement. Authoritative announcement
regarding the developments in St. Paul con
tinues la'-kir.s. but the belief holds In Wall
street that a controlling: interest in the etock
has been made available for the purpose of a
Northwestern railroad dispute which is being
worked out. It is a matter of notoriety that
when efforts were made to secure St. Paul pre
vious to the Burlington deal the figure de
manded for the stock by controlling interests
was 200- Intimations have been given that
minority stockholders will be given equal bene
fit in any terms of sale of the controlling in
terest. Assumptions from these premises were
the occasions of to-day's dealings in the stock,
ia which conspicuous leaders, however, bore a
large part. St. Paul crossed 1S1 In the law
dealings, compared with 174>4 last night. Colo
rado Fuel added 6 points to Its sensational ad
vance. The general market was Influenced
throughout by St. Paul.
The heavy loan increase disclosed by the
bank statement reflects continued demand for
syndicate purposes. The decrease of cash of a
million and a halt is part of the known move
ments of money, which indicated a small gain.
Part of the gold withdrawn from the sub
treasurv went to Holland to-day. It is be
lieved that more may eo next week to meet
Berlin's requirements for the semi-annual set
tlements on July 1.
31
AUCTION SALES
£* AUCTION AT 1143 FOLSOH. fe.
TUESDAY. June 18, 11 a. m., 20 good business
Horses. 17 Work and Drivers. 2 fast Pacers, 1
Handsome . Shetland Pony and Trap, 30 «et*
Harness, 50 styles of Bugsles and Wagons.
- 9. WATKINS, Anctloneer.
Bonds!
!\Ve have stocks, bonds and investment se- /
curities of various sorts to offer to the public j-iv :
Small capital can be advantageously invested Jf
(^0 through us, for it is our business to acquaint our- xjjjg)
i-. - selves thoroughly with all securities. Thus we (
are always ready to invest money for our custom- * \
ers where it will bring from 7 per cent up. We J^
(R& can place any amount of money from hundreds (jg|^
k to hundreds of thousands. .,'? -s^- \
I • WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., >C
f SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. -• tl^A '¦During the afternoon E. R. Folger and
George de Golia beat H. H. Smith and P.
E. Bowles Jr. 3 up over eighteen holes, I
George de Golia beat H. M. A. Miller 1 j
up on eighteen holes, and C. P. IJubbard
defeated E. R. Folger 1 up on eighteen
holes.
Oakland wins 10 up.
"WTlllani H. Jordan, familiarly known as
"Billy" to the patrons of boxing exhibi
tions, at many of which he has officiated
as master of ceremonies, was yesterday
appointed by the Health Board to be a
Market Inspector. Jordan was selected
from the civil service eligible list and suc
ceeds James O'Leary, removed.
Jordan a Market Inspector.
Sausalito— Up. I Oakland— Up
Leonard Chenery (MA. H. Higgins. 4 I
Worthington Ames OP. E. Bowles Jr 2 '
L. H. Xoble 2 Frank Kales ...:..., 0
R. "W. Mason OjJ. H. Ames 6
Total 2 1 Totals'". 12
The late Stephen M. "White was a mem
ber of Ramona Parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden West, and when a short
time after his death a movement was
started to create a fund to erect a monu
ment to his memory an appeal was made
to the parlors of the order of N which he
¦w?s a member. Henry Lunstedt. grand
secretary, X. S. G. XV., has issued a cir
cular letter to all the parlors, showing
the amount of money that has been con
tributed to the memorial fund and which
has been turned over to the committee
in Los Angeles. In this he announces con
tributions as follows:
San Francisco Parlor Xo. 4S, J59; Stanford
JCo. 78, $5"); California No. 1, $50: Excelsior
No. SI, $S; WatsoTiville Xo. 65. t:5; Pacific
No. 10, $25; Air.ador Xo. 17, $20; Quincy No.
131. JIB; Nicasio N"o. 1S3. S15; Humboldt No. 14.
815; Napa Xo. 62, S10; Visalia Xo. 19. $10;
GaMIan Xo. 132. S10; Fresno Xo. 25, iV); Brook
lyn No. 151, JIG; San Jos=e Xo. 22, J10; Lassen
No. 99, $10; Arrowhead Xo. 110, 119; Ferndale
Xo. 93, 110; Granite Xo. S3. $10; Sierra Xo. S3.
S5; Mount BaJly Xo. ST. $3; Los Osos Xo. 6L
$5; Redlands Xo. 16«, $5: San Diego Xo. 10S.
S5; Eden Xo. 13, $5; Wisteria Xo. 127, $5;
"Washington Xo. 16S, $5; Xiantic Xo. 105, $5;
Olympus Xo. If!*. S3; Alcatraz Xo. 143. $3;
Las Positas Xo. S6, $5; Friendship Xo. 78. $5:
Mount Diablo Xo. 101, S3: Solano Xo 39. J.",;
Precita Xo. 1ST S3; Marshall Xo. 202, $2 50;
total. $472 50.
In addition to this the organization
should be credited with the following
ei'jse sent direct to the committee a.t Los
Angeles, instead of through the grand
eecretary's office:
Bamona Parlor Xo. 1C9, $100; Los Angeles
Ko. 45, S50; Corona Xo. 1&6. $50; Hydraulic Xo.
66. $5; Grand Parlor at Santa Barbara, per
Adolph Ramish. $1S4; total. 53SS.
Total subscriptions of Order of the Xative
Eons of the Golden 'Vest, ?S61 50.
NATIVE SONS CONTRIBUTE
TO WHITE MEMORIAL FUND
THE Most Reverend Tikhcn,
Bishop of the Orthodox Greck-
Kussian Church of North Ameri
ca, arrived in San Francisco last
evening on the overland from the
East after an extended tour of the coun
try, visiting the churches under his juris
diction. He has been absent from this
city about two months, and during that
time has traveled many thousand miles..
On his arrival last evening he went direct
to his residence at 1715 Powell street.
In an interview Bishop Tikhon said that
on leaving here he first went to Galveston,
Tex., where the new Russian church,
built to replace the old edifice, which was
swept away in the disastrous flood of last
year, was dedicated. The services were
most Impressive and thousands turned out
The Sausallto Golf Club played its first
match outside of Marin County yester
day against a team of class B golfers of
the Oakland Golf Club. The Sausalito
captain, R. "\V. Mason, was unable to get
together a full team of six, and so both
teams were reduced to four. In the first
round A. H. Higgins of Oakland was 2 up
ag^nst Leonard Chenery of Sausalito,
Wonhtngtor. Ames of Sausalito and P. E
Bowles Jr. played a tie, L,. H. Noble of
Sausalito was 2 up against Frank Kales
of Oakland and R. W. Mason of Sausalito
tied .vith J. H. Ames of Oakland. The
medal play scores were as follows; Ijeon
ard. Chenery 51, A. H. Higgins 48, Worth
ingtor. Ames 48, P. E. Bowles Jr. 50, L H
Noble 46, Frank Kales 50, R. \V. Mason
55 and J. H. Ames 54. The first round re
sulted in a tie.
In the second round the visitors did not
do so well, Leonard Chenery losing 2
down to A. H. Higgins, Worthlngton
Ames losing 2 down to P. E. Bowles Jr
L. II. Noble tying with F. Kales and R
W. Mason losing 6 down to J. H. Ames
Oakland was 12 up in the two rounds, less
2 holes for Sausalito, and so won the I
match 10 up. The medal play scores ln |
the second round were as follows: Leon
ard Chenery 51, A. H. Higgins 47, W.
Ames 5S, P. E. Bowles Jr. 41 for seven
holes. L. H. Noble 4S for eight holes,
Frank Kales 57, R. W. Mason 66 and J.
H. Ames £2. The course is in good condi
tion, though somewhat hard, so that the
ball has a long roll. The details are
shown in the table:
OAKLAND GOLFERS
BEAT SAUSAXITANS
to witness the ceremony of the consecra
tion of the new edifice. From Galveston
the Bishop went to New York, where he
laid the corner stone of a new church in
that city. This church will be a magnifi
cent and massive structure when com
pleted.
After leaving New York Bishop Tikhon
visited Minneapolis, where he presided as
the judge at the examination of the stu
dents at the Russian Theological College.
From Minneapolis Bishop visited
Pittsburg and opened the cbnvention of
the Union Orthodox Brotherhood.
Special services will be held at 10 o'clock
this morning at the Russian church, 1715
Powell, in honor of the safe return of the
Bishop. The services - will be conducted
in Russian. Slavonian and Greek. The
sermon will be preached in English, r
BISHOP TIKHON. HEAD OF THE GREEK-RUSSIAN CHURCH IN
AMERICA. WHO HAS RETURNED TO SAN FRANCISCO AFTER AN
EXTENDED TOUR OF THE EAST AND SOUTH.
Again, a complete list should be kept of all
the accredited philanthropic Institutions of this
city and county and a careful investigation
made concerning the work they are- supposed
to cover. Full and complete books of account
should be kept and exhibits made, so that those
who contribute. to the fund will have the sat
isfaction of .knowing how their money is ex
pended and where to direct those who apply
The board should have the right to exact tljat
those who contribute to' the fund should bind
thtmsalves to subscribe only through this re
lief association to such . institutions as are
placed upon its. list; otherwise the very object
of this organization would be defeated.
While there is no intention to elaborate the
details of this plan a few suggestions might
be noted here. For example: The labors .of
the board which is to control, this San Fran
cisco merchants' relief fund could be lightened
and its effectiveness vastly increased ¦ by en
gaging the services of a competent and well
paid secretary, who will co-operate with the
Associated Charities and keep the. board of
directors perfectly In touch with the workings
of the association. An emergency fund might
be reserved to be used in cases too urgent -to
await proper investigation and classification. -
The suggestion that I have to offer to meet
the difficulty is this: Let a fund, to be known
aa the San Francisco merchants' relief fund,
be created, this fund to be made ud of self
imposed contributions from not only the mer
chants of this city, but from every -and all
available sources, i Further, let the fund thus
created be distributed among- the various
philanthropic institutions of our city and
county, according to their merits and inter
ests; and, finally, let a competent board of
directors be selected to tak3 charge of the
work, men who will not alone direct the dis
tribution of the fund, but .who will devote the
time necessary properly : to carry on such a
work. A plan of administration will naturally
develop as the work progresses, and the fund
at the disposal ot the board should increase as
its efficiency and influence widen. ¦
As a result of the present Improper distribu
tion of support Ineffective associations are
often oversupplied, while others more needy
and more capable are seriously hampered for
the means to realize their ends.
\
cording to their equipment, for the relief and
uplift of the submerged class. ' Philanthropic
institutions exist ln endless numbers and va
riety. There are probably more institutions
now In existence than are really necessary for
the work that is to be accomplished.
Electric .Railway Company., is to make
his future home in San Diego. He con
tinues in the employ of J. D, Spreckels
& Bros.' Company and will look after
their interests in San Diego.
Frank D. Monckton, clerk of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, left this
city last evening with his wife and son to
spend his- vacation. He will return in a
month.
LATE SHIPPING.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 15— Stmr Um
bria, from Liverpool; stmr l'Aqultaine, from
Havre. .
Sailed June 15— Stmr Minneapolis, for Lon
don; stmr Manitou, for London; stmr Maas
dam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Fur
nessia, for Glasgow; stmr Campania, for Liv
erpool; stmr Trave, for Naples, etc; stmr Graf
Waldersee, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 15— Stmr Tbel
gian King, from San Diego, via Yokohama. .
MANILA— Arrived prior to June la-^Stmr
Imogen, from Barry, for San Francisco or
Portland, Or. ¦ , -
MARSEILLES— Arrived \ June 15— Stmr Bo
livia, from New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 15— Stmr Koeni
gen Louise, from New York, for Bremen.
Sailed June 15— Stmr St Louis, from South
ampton, for New York. \
BREMEN— Sailed June 15— Stmr Barbarossa,
for New .York, via Cherbourg.
MOVILLB— Sailed June 15— Stmr City of
Rome, ¦ from Greenock;, for New York; stmr
Numidian, from Liverpool, for Montreal. .•
HAVRE— Sailed June 15— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York... ::. ."..¦: . .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 15— Stmr Lucania,
for Now York. ¦ ¦ • . . < • - ••¦ -¦ • - •
SUEZ— Arrived June 15— Stmr Teenkal, from
Tacoma. via Manila, for .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to June 15— Stmr
Coptic, from Ran Francisco, via Honolulu.' ¦
to them for assistance.
This move may not at once cover the entire
field, but in time should embrace everything
except those charities which are strictly per
sonal.
Properly conducted this arrangement should
be of equal value to the contributor and the
beneficiary. If will supply the Aes eclated Char
ities with the resources which, they lack to
make their work effective, and will put a
step to indiscriminate asking and indiscrim
inate giving. ¦ The moral influence of such an
organization would be felt throughout the en
tiro community and its effectiveness under
good administration will be comprehensive and
far-reaching. It will fill a gap that is now
apparent to even the most casual observer.
It will be a help to all charitable and' relief
orders; a protection against fraud and impo
sition, and a preventive for the overlapping
and waste that come of Indiscriminate alms
giving.
It will be a source of information to the con
tributor, and a relief and benefit to the bene
ficiary. , . ¦ .
PERSONAL MENTION.
. W.' S. Collins, Va mining man of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
W." H. Pomeroy, a well known resident
of San Jose, is at the Occidental.
A. P. Stewart, local agent of the Chi
cago and Altcn, is at the Occidental.
George S.' Dltzer, a' prominent rancher
of Biggs, is spending a few days at the
Grand. .•'- . ¦ - ... , .
F. H. Kennedy, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is here for a few days and is at
the California. . "
B. A. Rosenthal, traveling representa
tive of The Garment Buyer, left for New
York last eveninsr. . '
Will Younsr, manager ' for the Oregon
Improvement Company, has Just returned
from an Eastern trip.' ..
.Walter F. Parker, expert of the . State
Board of Examiners/" Is at the LAck, ac
companied by his wife. / :
Graham E. Babcock,' son of Manager
Babcock of the Hotel Coronado, registered
at the Palace yesterday.
William Clayton, who for some years
past has I held .'the position of secretary
of .the San Francisco and*^ San Mateo
* George E. Gallagher, the prominent
young politician, and William Swanton.a
well, known contributor to Eastern maga
zines, are ' spending two weeks in the red
woods of Mendocino. '
Continued Fron} Page Twenty-Three.
DEVELOPMENTS IN EXPOSE
' OF BUfiKO CHARITY WORKERS
THE SAN .FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 16, 1901.
Dedicates New Church Built to Replace One
Swept Away by the Flood at Galveston.
Lays Cornerstone of Edifice in New York
BISHOP TIKHON RETURNS
FROM HIS TOUR OF THE EAST
32
- To our many friends, who gave so many
of their heartfelt sympathy, and
floral offerings, we desire to express our sin-
cere thanks. C. L. UMBACH and Family.
CARD OF THANKS.
CARD OF THAXKS.
ITGBN— We beg j to express our gtuoetest
thanks to the many friends and acquaint-
ances for their kindness and tokens of sym-
. pathy tendered to our family In our late be-
reavement. , MRS. ITGEN and Family.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 162 West Park street, thence to St.
John's Church (formerly Old St." Mary's Col-
lege), where a solemn requiem mass will -be
celebrated for the - repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
— CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• to-mcrrow (Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, thence
to 5 o'clock . train to Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery at 11 o'clock Tues-
day. June 18, 1901.
TITTEL— In Florence, Kans.. Juna J, 1901,
Minnie E. Tittel, beloved mother of Mrs.
Charlotte A. Monroe, Mrs. Esther M. Cra-
ter and Mrs. Minnie T. Brune. a native of,
Buffalo. N. Y.
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 15. 1301, Annie,
beloved wife of James Williams, mother ot
the late Mrs. Mary Roach, and grandmother
of Joseph Roach, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 51 years.
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
. dence, 632 Grovo- street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In Irvington. Jun» 15, 1901, The-
resa, beloved wife of Ed B. Thompson,
¦ daughter of the late Theresa Josephine Cor-
leit. and slater of Herbert D.. Harry M..
Helen and Ethel Corlett. a native of New
Zealand, aged 3S years 9 months and 9 days.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
Eugene McGinn. • McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
. J. HEXDEESOX, Manar er.
San Mateo County.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
DEATHS.
Continued From PagevThirty.
Mary H. Lincoln, and sister of Willie and
• Charlie Lincoln, a native of California, aged
2 years 4 months and 6 days. '¦. :
MULLER— In this city, June 14. 1901, Chris-
tian, beloved husband of Lucy C. M. Muller,
and father • of Adeline and. Grace Muller,
Mrs. G. E. French, Mrs. Charles Rosenthal.
Mrs. T. , A. Figel and Mrs. Wllllt B. Lee.
' a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 67 years*
7 months and 8 days. (Memphis, Tenn., pa-
pers_ please copy.)
(E7" Interment strictly private. 1
NANSEN— June 15, 1901, Johan N. Nansen, be-
loved son of Hans. N. and Clcllie M. Nansen,
' and brother of Peter, Jes, Grethens, Chris-
ETFriends and acaualntances are , respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, : (CTFrlends . and • acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. . F.. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street.., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery- .• • - " : -
STANGENBERGER— In this city, V June 15,
190i, Elizabeth M., beloved wife of August
M. Stangenberger,' and mother of August J..
George B., Edwin F., IiHHe.\ Emily. Lena
' and : the late Alexander W.' Stangenberger, a
native of Germany, aged 68 years 7 - months
and 12 da;'s._ j- •>:" t
sT^Tho funeral will take place this "day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock; from his late rest-
-• dence,- Beresford, San Mateo County. Inter-'
' ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHMITZ— In this city, June 15, 1901, Louis.
beloved .son. of William aud the late Lizzie
'vSchniitz, and brother, of -.Anton,. Minnie, . Jo-
seph. . Marie -and Chariest Schmitz. a native
I of Portland,. Or., aged 19 years 9 months and
,26 .day?...- .. • r .- t ...,.«
' • icy A solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul this ' day (Sun-
day), at 7 o'clock, in the Chapel of the Mag-
dalen . Asylum. Interment, St. - Michael's
Cemetery at- 1:30 o'clock Sunday. • .
RYAN — In Beresford. June 13. 1901. James J.',
dearly beloved husband of Dora Ryan,- loving
son of Mrs. E. Lyons and the late Hsnry
¦ Ryan, and brother of May. John and Kath-
ryn'Ryan, Mollte, Theresa and Mamie Ly-
I ons. Mrs. Robert O'Day and the late Henry
F. Ryan, a native of Brooklyn, N. .Y., aged
33 yecrs. * ¦ ,
tine and Maria Nansen,' a native of Harris,
. Schleswig, Germany, aged 27 years 2 months
and 6 days. . . •
NEELY— In West • Berkeley. June 13, 1901, Mar-
garet Neely. beloved wife of David Neely, * a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 58
years.. . . .. ' . -
ICXFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. University avenue,. near Curtis street,
2 thenco to St. Columba's Church, where ser-
vices will be held, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery- " »
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 14. 1901. Sarah,
btloved wife of John O'Brien, mother of
John. Edward and the late Mary O'Brien,
daughter of Dan and the late Mary Castello,
and sister of John, Mary and Mrs. F. Co-
malch. a native of San Francisco, ased 23
years 11 months and 10 days. .'. ..
in?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 9:4o o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 219 Cortland avenue, thence to St.
John's Church for services, commencing at
i 10 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
O'NEIL^In this city. June 14, 1901. Catherine
O'Neil,, a. native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
KEILLT— In this city, June 14. 1901, Sister
Alphonsus Reilly, Sister of Mercy, a native
of Ireland, aged 79 years. *
pink, others in blue and white. It ) — IS ,48% ycurds from regular stocks are reduced. - . v /rUtm II
isn t very often you see such pretty cm / - ¦ 1 . ' ¦ ¦ //Mjffi\\ i\
slippers for 69c. • * e ivM / —They are certain uneven lines of this season 1 s goods. . //Sjw&xl
Bed Sheets 37<2C. \ c ®Wv^si — And you know what you like hzst gets broken first. /SyJv^^Mltl
1032 of them— made from a worthy . \ * \\v\V\^v We do this every year. ITever as early any other season.' -But we feel it will do more j/yp/tnytl^Mi II
quality of muslin, unbleached, 63x00 y\<t of you more good now than three or four weeks lxence. * Head the prices and details yyA//////las\ i\
45c for sheets made from the ''/Ae * A^w\V — ' : ~ "~ /if fJ 1 iKv
same quality muslin, 81x00. • v /I ? A^S^X These prices assure us of a speedy clearance of every yard. They are rarely found on stuffs Wt»Jjty/f/LB t f| VS
K"5H P1rfc\7f*c T^r» /T$\ V * v^^VvOv^V °* **" s character, yet the business done from them will perhaps be a fifth of the total wash srood3 ]r/>pP//£gt§M a if
l\lU vjlUVCo C ot» >gP^A <• .v\ivS|«wvVVC\^ selling. Your chief interest — and ours— is in the regular stock. M,<? /?//*%$ &LJ7- I rK
laSa^r^^SiSiTrtjS^iiSSS - ! W^#^^S«B^- 1, H f ere * oufinda £°m plete^ Theprices are as fair and §
ings, sizes 0% to 7^. They are g-ood honest as we can make them. Said a woman yesterday in the writers hearing. Will this 12Y2C Kf
$1.00 values— we'll sell now for 75c. j. ¦ -~*BBsmsr [dimity be on sale to-morrow?" "That's our regular price," was the salesman's reply. "It's so — w, wiirty
Blacks, modes browns, gray, red, . cheap I thought it must be special," said she. So it is clear along the line— we have no "spe-
green, blue ana white. dais." -Yet in the common usage of the term all our prices are "specials." We don't have to label
. j,' y . feCOtCFUiViadraS 25C. ; them that in order to make you think they are extraordinary.
TiVjcluCilCS cLXl€f " so inches wide— checks and narrow stripes, used a great deal We want you to come any day you can for anything you want and know that you are paying as little
fxnR-fWtti^iP n ° W for ' chIldren ' s wear and ehirtwaists-isoo yards. , as it's possible to pay. /•
i^fJL^VK^M. tTCIJ *E . |g c Lawns and Sateens IOC. Now about those particular closing-out lots.
A* to our readies and ability "to tak^to^e^Hgura^edlum^lo^^* * *^ "^ B^ CaiTlbric8C. • ' . Black Figured LaWHS 15C.
meet your demands in these lines we ° y ' We have 1230 yards flne white cambric, yard wide, that us- They are in the new effects 'with open work stripe*, an
quote two items:" . -, CvH<ih Sllitin6<S *7c uall >" ror 1Oc > we are going to sell, beginning to- imitation of the grenadine idear-one that Is taking Ilk© every-
><tev • Wm. Rogers' Knives . „ ¦ .: > "** 1 *=» 11 V" 11 - 1 "^ 0 • w. morrow mornlngr. at. 8c. thing this season— 500 yards. 15c.
/^^v and Forks «R1 f»*> :A flne outlns goods, so serviceabla, so cool— 28 inches wide— «-»p- mm j a m— " ' » 1 *¦»,•-» - ,«->• j_ ¦_ .*¦»• .»«_* ¦¦«¦>
M) Q _. silver piltld-set^f e, 250 yards at 7c. 35c Madras for 25c. 25c and 30c Scotch Ginghams 19c.
_W_Q5t regular price $1.75. TU- CA HimifiAC 1QU 1200 yards, 28 Inches wide, in fancy 1 ; stripes, suitable * for Yes, and some madras shirting patterns are put la to com-
x^llr^s. Liberty Inffersoll ' ¦ UCOC LMIIHLICo I^i2w» waists or the smaller stripes for men's shirts— a splendid plete the assortment— the patterns are mostly checks and
/^ryVwxK Watches S7»C— They Daintily figured and striped on light grounds in pretty shades value! . . , stripes— colors are good and- desirable— 10c.
i^\ 5ft toSd^feiUlf^ti^ ° f Plnk> "orT- he "r 2 L; nch 7 S5%5S 15c Galatea . Cloth fop 10c. \ 12Jc and lOc Lawns and Dimities 71c.
l.C /( jrv HI) pieces. "We guaran- < . OU'lnCll rOUlSraS 1— :>Ci 8O o yards, 28 inches wide— solid colcrs-^dark blues mostly— 3000 yards pretty colored stuffs that will go on sal* to-mor-
V^P *£Vi y/J ¦ tee these watches to The dark grounds are set off with pretty conventional and excellent good3 for summer use. row morning and until sold at 7%c. •
. SS'ye^ %SSv& SrS^ P1 , a», Satin Foulards 25c. • .' 161c Glossene for 12k. ¦
rigid guarantee when Ol/C VV fflte rianiiSI 4t»C. New ana select variety, including the latest ideas both in - A new striped cotton cloth— much sought after now for out-
the makers stand back of us. Full yard \viJe and all wool— a fine soft quality. shades and patterns— some SCO yards. ing dresses — colors are largely dark.
» Q \. S <w JW)^WI JmJ CJ '^,A<.«tT}rp%?Gontlxf enters
y^y-Jimely.Cf extended rnenbiorr of . # ||| Our trade in dress material^ is eaining prcport;ans ' fMt oid «.tom« •
ffl:I*ObJ[Oil& %r&€WJUlg' M€QUiSTit€MW W^^B^^M^^^^^m didnV
'SSI We like to let you know we have what you want and that we donfask much for it Of course.' now and then IVfigh \ e "'don'rwant youto wait for a newspaper limtatipn, to COme. Only
Rj^ extra good values do crop up. but they are incidental to the great volume ot business" done from regular stocks. £jSf7 a Ir SCtlon Ot the ROOd tnines ever Ret mentioned. II OUr prices went UP and
y ST<3 Here we are ready to give you, on a moment's notice any one of the thousand and one' little things women need. Of*-/ f down we mieht have- to chronicle therrfSnore than we do. They don't. TheT
£*;? We're so unusually strong in quantities and varieties and low price of these necessities that we've filled a big win- t-R?|A I *.. ,1 j • i
S~\i dow with them, spread them out on bargain tables down one entire aisle and devoted all this newspaper space to fcaWI always down — 1OW.
jif:| them. Most women will be taken with these: . rTflV I For example:
l:I;| 15c and 20c Side Hose Supporters for IOc Bodkind, Be Each— Machine Thread, JtMBl R'-^tr r*u-«,'«.*!= ests,. PT««^,r c**t-^ on
f-'I'l Which are made of fancv frilled elastic with a hut ' nie "Tyton and Acme" lOe-Silk finished^MO yards tffl*x\ Back ChevsOtS 55c. Fancy Suitings 29c.^
/ ;^| ton catchlcolors pink biul cardinal yeUow -reen brand-for running ribbon- on a spool excellent for *M^ It Js a splendid, firm, strong fabric. It la a worsted goods 3S inches wide. come.
0i Ind^kT 001 -. blu^w cardinal. :5 ello^.««a jmu^p^jaejrtwgj u^jj^^^a « ¦ spon^a and shrunk f t^ i^t,^ A.mO^.
Sm Just as important Is this: laundered garments with and is as strong as silk-lOc V&^ l*$£ 'L t P A ,il»r 1 S, : a fabric that in the usual way is likely to
f^:» |0c Fancy Frilled Elastic for 5c " beading trimming-Dc each, a spool. - Cr\ quality as comparisons go. sell for 50c. We made a purchase in the nick
P» J^^- w 1^ in pink, blue, cardinal, black and g£E&fS£2£? f l£ W\ A Black Serges 5Oc. * £.«« fo SST! '«%?" "^ ""* ~
gs;f'.=*| ia^cnaer. • ¦ . _ 2 ,^ i nc hes lony. with wire, hair pad and the "La m %\ An extra heavy and strictly all-wool ' ...
3=:s',i| Or I5c and 20c Stockinet Dress Shields 9c. crimped tops, excellent for Petite" dress form— any of mi? stuff, 44 inches wide. The surface Is Venetian Clothe
pf.'SI'j • Or npxtur's Kniffinn fotlon 3r • keeping the hair up, and. which makes the dress fit \g^ hard finished, dust-proof— iust what you . . , . . . „ " *T
ti^Tl W liexier S Mlltting conon being light, do. not hurt and hang perfectly. At the g* want for summer wear. It's used more A f an ?? f abrtc * ln J 111 the t>e«t • Summer
\\ W . Engrlisli Metal .Pins, Knitting Cotton, 3c the head. notion counter 25c each. U_^ f or separate skirts than anything else. I~™^il L a g . f.» that !i be!n * t*" 1 * 111 now
M Q 5c-Each paper contains 360 -"Dexter's" staple article Black Metal Pln«, Xeedle Case, lOe- faft\ 639 yards of a 75c grade came to US in eood^ for llrJ^fl .££? mountaln "«-
™ ™ pins of 4 different sizes— —only 100 balls of odd num- 4c Box — Containing 300 The "National," containing t • • " | an Irrepular wav and eo to vou at this w^h* . T .» ?! l.i Or co " tu ™e»— If
sale price 5c a paper. bers-excellent for mending pins, or an assortment of an assortment of pins, V«;-;l irreMlar D^ee^Oe * bought and sold !n the ordinary way yon'd
(!%%* Garter El astlc, purposes and a regular 5c SCO for 10c. darning needles, shawl pins %%j irre 8fm« pnce-oOc. pay 50c-our price is 32c.
Yl!§?> 12 1 " 2c Yard — 2 gross value. Glace Banting? Cot- and sewing needles. taft **<> economical Woman need Say Of Hale's — "I'll wait till HCX±
\^& lU-inch fancy frilled elas- I Wash Braids, 2c ton, S 1-Sc— 200 yards on SUIrt Blmllnsr, 8c |« c ,,_j._ - . +v. -^ ,-»•*., >» -o-t j , u
Vi^p tic, in pink. blue, orange. Yard— in fancy serpentine a spool. Yard-siik finish mohair. V^* fcunday aud see wnat tney advertise." Prices every day are as low as
\s|=|; cardinal and blaok — silk design — cornea In red. blue. '*O. IV. T." Darnins brush edge skirt binding ft» th.ey can be ... ; >
*-S* covered and in pretty de- pink or green and combined Cotton, 5c — Clark's/ with corduroy top, 1% inch- \\ '¦¦¦''
% signs— only 12V£c yard. with white— 5 gross in the black, white and colors— 3 es wide— black and colors. 'y\ ' ¦ '
Stocking: Darners, assortment— only 2c yard. balls for 6c. Hone Snpportern, V« /^«-»^>^ / A-Ti*-%lr *r4-r\4*a 4*t •
2c— 3 gross of them— black Plain "White Wash Corset Laces, 2c— 25c — "Anchor" — 3 gross, W C/C/IT Ul UJ 111 O OU1 C III
enameled. v ' Braid, lc Yard— H-inch Elastic, drab and black. with shield front and but- V 1 * . . • / r Tg~J ¦ M^T H
Cube lMn». 5c Eacli wide, pretty for trimming Stockinet r» r e m » ton catch, with cord pro- \\ . B Jd^TT Tfto MJT *&k. _ M M df~k
— 4C0 of them, each con- summer .suits or children's Shit-Ms, 9c — They se'.l tector which prevents the V \V* J**»nfi*~ni -i-r%'A.Ji SI MIS #*» \yB3b aw^ln 1 *.
talning an essortment of wash suits; lc yard or 10c usually tor 15c and 20c— 2SS tearing of hose— made of Wv \$ *'ClIt'l Cll ellllrClAA KJAMA. AU^ilXt Jjl JJniulCUlcir
black steel pins with glass dozen— wider widths 2c,' 3c pairs' will sell during, this (heavy frilled elastic— 23c a ' ¦— ¦— »—¦ /
J05p**fil heads-^Sc each. . and -4c yard. sale at half price, 9c.. ''pair. . ¦ ., >fiR?§'ll ¦""*' W 11 - "'¦ ' '
* \-»^-itS^ ts Tl ting good, honest-made trunks — and {3- 1 v <r-*i \\u^^^^^^^>.
- . . . -.. plenty of them in all sizes and marking GlHfc : — r-^y \ X,
Highest Quality Satin and Gros-Grain Rsbbons. te-TiSSThS' 1&1SX*
5360 yards, too. and in such favorite-shades as yellow, light pink., lighjt blue, navy, lilac, heliotrope, nilc, n_0m>_ ¦ ¦ buv. , ' 'i "W~ ¦ ra^>w\iffift/
.white, cream, etc. Rich, wide widths. Just rUht for hair and neck use. This is the best quality manu- W^ B W •¦" r\AA i: n »a - C5 Tl ' *V^- * 1
factured; every yard and every shadj is up to the standard. You couldn't get a broader choosing or bet- WE? • f __ T* -_ -_u_ • _. t — . ¦ ¦ . v -' ua »" C3 jju J \- ~~ a-^ 1 WrdHT
ter goods if you went to regular stock. * • '. Jtir J* \ k " '"QPtlClllOP • nave been W>==5d: V-~/J- A C <Pl3<f g^
I What's sold in requbr way everywhere at I2Jc and 15c, now :^^ ''¦¦¦;• ..;:...........: culled out
•iii,; I, , ,,,*^ , ... ...... ' ¦ - ' • ' ' and grouped at these four prices: -
t'-jf-t ¦ ' ' '¦ " IX)T 1 — Canvas covered with sheet iron bot- * L.OT 3 — Very substantial and atrongrry btrtlt
j— 'Xi.fl.GG- ¦ ju - * r _^— ij-C^tn toms and 3 hardwood cleats on top and trunks carefully finished In detail, solid
_____ 5 _j<. _r^> %SUa I/O * ' ,w /¥T ¦ cLlWiaL>ftt± , ' 2 on the sides, brass lock, and an Inside brass locks and 2 heavy leather straps —
_T T "% S Viya'&St a _T& *9& J&j3*klw tray— all sizes, 30 to 36 inches, now $3 ST. 30 to 34 sizes, now $7.25.
t^f Bl S>>CB# ~J&*. JiiL.9 W *~f LOT 2— Strongly built trunks, cleated; they LOT 4— 25 at this price, all 34-inch; «*eh
sajKzag_^_T . ¦ > f> *$^^S»7TOv/ ¦ have 2 6traps and good locks — all sizes, 30 one has two trays, a brass lock, heavy
S5i§*i«ClI\-SP , . ' ZSk^vw to 36 inches, now- tt 49. ¦ • ¦ •«. » • ¦ corners. and linen lining, now {3.98.
ySgT*. ?¥ Bright, pretty, snappy ones, as brimfull of hfeand **£/& ¦ Then all our better trunks,* worth $15 to $20, sizes from 32 to 38 inches, are marked about
• -rl stvlp »<; thev can be and everv one is silk-lined t*. • j s* one-fourth off. . ; ¦ •
V? throughout. A taflor wouMnH tWnk of making a . X^T It>s a savIn * a » alon^ tbe "^ ™ you take at^ <* lt? ? !
jc^Sv/^^^% silk-lined suit for maybe four times $i4.7.v But -^j^j^V^ / " x ¦ <» . #
/% \ - makers are winding up the season. They do things /fJr j¥^\ _T*_ r /V*'#"*^ 4-4^1
/ 1 vSil \ now that would seem ridiculous any other time. We ////Wy I \ . ¦¦ Portjeres-f^ 9J1 €9 €11 M JLx3 jLrJ €71 lJf\ZL 1Vj3
' A Vlmln ) consider ourselves highly favored to be able to ex- //•fiyfijf;/' \ \ &rr-m-mf*i~ f f TT-r*nivi~iin6': **->rt1pnfV' T
/ /\ 111 1/ ploit such values as these and just when so many of M p;1jj V *3Z/fntTlC± XUr'fllSningS ct"J31€J2Zy
(/ \ |/ * you need a fill-in outfit to help one bought at the / \^Ri|i| /\ Tapestry Portieres S3 OO a pain Figured Velours 60c yard.
I I J^!llJf>( firSt oi the season - . >5Ay''i^ 150 Pa 11 " 5 - 111 new patterns; S yards long and 10 pleces , n green, brown, red and "blr»
I / /¦ n \ ¦ V VP^^S. £0 Inches wide, .with neat knotted over- grounds; very pretty designs for mantel or
I J / V A ¦ TSJITDr 1 DC f /~|B IS? CTVI fC \< W$r\ > throw fringe. Tfce design is a very hand- piano drapes, cushions and cosy corners;
r~\H Y@\ I"LIIL .|\^IJI% O I I LLUt' Xt^U/ some one; panel shaped with neat flear delta good *je av y material; 27 inches wide. Per
«^|^^M-Each Silk Lined Throughout or With Silk . LI Point Squares $1.CO.
*^?'-£hl s:^^~~~X' Drop §JKirt. ' . itiJVa,* > -y>-» green and tan mixed. This line was bought For door panels; made to fit any window; •
S"» jf ~7 C C?& CollarleSS Eton Jacket — taffeta lined, vest front ef- y//f- /J to sell at $3.50. Choice per pair, 13. - pretty patterns worked on heavy bobinet:
*/4:/O h*& .. • feet, with stitched satin straps and braid belt to \\3iitL- Nottingham Lace Curtains $2.95 very nea . c - Eacb ' %u s i 1 ]^
fSLSifbr I match crossing in front; flare skirt, with 2 bands of • ' W^**^* 200 mirs'in from 2 to 6 pairs of a pattern, . Japanese trepe l/ 2 c.
ASmLS*^/ , cHtriipfi catin and <;iH' raffptn drnn • thpv arc ¦' ••¦ : \\ J '4 'f~B £* <O~S, ec . Tl { or white ?-V- yards long and 50 to 60 • 15 pieces, 25 inches wide in pretty shades of
ii4~l£Srt ¦ StUClied satin ana S11K taneta arop Sklit. tnev are V \ JSlJLar c h uor J/'. some patterns in the lot have red. blue, green and pink grounds, with neat
llXXVlHl , . made Of black and navy cheviot and grav homespun. \A * Isold as hlEli as $3 50 and $3.75 a pair; for a gold tracing; make pretty and inexpensive*
A/ - ¦ Open Eton Jacket-with i^inch taffeta straps all : Jk . e SS"S? ffU^? SSS^, then *' * SSSIx'S? V6?%r US*."* ™ ""
/ ' \ round, straps on dart; turn-down L Aiglon collar, y^K\ : ¦
/ /^^s. /fa "taffeta lined: flounced skirt, trimmed with i-inch taf- jL^>^p\\
y I eta straps; silk drop skirt, gray and oxford home- r$§^^%r^ \ >1 "*" ~~ ~ — **" '^i f—T/s&T **rh// '
S? \ round: flounce skirt. 3H-inch strap all round: lined / MaqaZJn8S lOF /jiffl J$W J=*^=lay V^^^^^Sg^^^
\. ' •> with taffeta or taffeta silk drop skirt; .made. of. navv / ~j>r i i l... v/' * ' ' " "^*
li^V ' / s*''^ blue and black cheviots and gray and oxfords and \. ' July "flfc • IlCre* **liiiiB CO0£^^>^^^
>^ —^^ . no iii e spun s. ¦ t . *» * - _ . . . ¦— ¦"¦"¦ *^^^*
p Make the most of summer, make the most of \
I your porch; with this big Porch Rocker you may.
R Durable, 6pringy rccd scat and back. The low, broad scat and arms arc
pj equally inuring for a nap or a frolic. Massive frame but balanced so "
|> evenly it rocks as lightly as an aspen leaf in a summer breeze 5.80.
jg "The Credit House." Six Stories High.