CONDITION OF MRS. MC'KINTELY HAS REACHED A MOST CRITICAL STAGE
AND PHYSICIANS ARE UNABLE TO HOLD OUT ANY ASSURANCE THAT SHE
WILL SURVIVE THE MALADY THAT IS SLOWLY EATING HER LIFE AWAY
Hundreds of Men and Women Call During the Day to Make .Inquiries and
Leave Messages of Sympathy for the Husband Whose Threatened Be
reavement Has Oast a Deep Shadow of Gloom Over the Entire Country
';'--. Continued on Second Page.
Secretary of State Hay. Postmaster
General Smith and Secretaries Wilson
and Hitchcock drove to the Scott resi
dence before noon and were immediately
admitted.
Shortly'after the arrival of the Cabinet:
house and left after expressing their
sympathy, through Private Secretary
Cortelyou. ' . ;
Ministers : Drs. Gibbons and Hirschfel
der.- returned, this time being acconipa-
: nied:by. Dr: Clinton Cushing, the'emi
nent specialist. The three doctors > at
orice proceeded to hold k a consultation
with. Dr. Rixey and did not leave the,
house for. some hours.
Exactly at ; 11 :i5 Secretary; Cortelyou
gave"' oiit'a bulletin ' stating -¦ that , the
physicians had ibeen." in. attendance -on
; Mrs. McKinleytheniostof-the morning;
and' that her condition was^most grave/
"The patient was .still ¦ unconscious , and
.consequently, free from all'.pain. •.
, ';".' Fifteen- minutes later, it was
: 'that- the physicians • had -some* hope that !
;>Mrs.-McKinle*y* might rally, but that, her j
;¦ >lacW of I vitality/made , ; it \ The '
Shortly after 8 p. m. the physicians ar
rived at the house. . . They had j held a
consultation -before proceeding to the
Scott residence, . and after visiting their
patient a consultation was; held with
Dr. Rixey. i The glad news -that there
was a slight, improvement in Mrs: Mc-
Kinley's health' was hailed with keen sat
isfaction by. all. within . the -Scott,resi
dence and' by those who kept watch out
side in the cold fog.
- During the evening many of the Cab
learned .from. Mr. : Morse at 4 :ao p. m.
that Mrs.' McKinley had improve.!
slightly, and was resting' more comfort
ably. . .'
' : Secretary Cortelyou did not issue any
; : more bulletins until, after; consultation
held by the : physicians in • the ¦ evening.
He .verbally ; _ announced at 8:15 p. m.
'that there was no change in Mrs. Mc
'Kinley's condition.
'/President never ileft the side of his wife. '
and^the" members of hisCabirietandhis
j relatives awaited in j the t parlors ¦.-» of the
house news^ from the sick chamber.
' ; Some' workmen ¦ asked . the ' " President '
- as to, the condition of his wife. ¦ and* the '¦¦',
. heartfelt" hope (of the ; men that Mrs. : ;
/McKinley. might be spared- caused the; '
President to say, "I 'thank you, sir; I'
; thank you,"' sir,"' in tones of deepest sin-' !
;'cerity.' The^President informed all' who ¦
'¦ asked him as to the news of * Airs. • , Me-.
Kinley.that she was resting, easier and
; that/the • had not 1 given up all
-Jhope.' .:.',* \ ,'-¦¦. •'. • • " ¦¦'• ; >.•
¦The' President greeted .the children
• wlaq^ranj up to, him as' he 1 passed along „
oh Jackson street^ and to all ; he gave a
¦ kindly, smile .'and ' pleasant 'words. , 'At, .
.halNpast 3 the; President returned to tfiet-
Scott- house' and :at- once went to ?the: .
Toom' where Mrs.; M :Ki'iley* iay. '•;.. ' -
/ Mr; and- Mrs. George '¦"Morse <vi$!*/<Jj : •
,'.itc 'house during. the 'diy. and it ,-wao' •
SCENES IN FRONT OF, THE; RESIDENCE OF HENRY T.' SCOTT AT CLAY
' . AND LAGUNA STREETS, WHERE THE STRICKEN TVIFE OF PRESI
DENT McKINLEY LIES IN. A" VERY CRITICAL CONDITION. .
Hundreds of telegraphic messages were
delivered at the house during the morn
ing, and there were many distineuished
callers before the noon hour. The va
rious members of the Cabinet drove up
to the house, some of them being ac
companied by their ladies. General
Shafter, attended by an aid. called at
the house, but he' did not see.the.Presi
dent. The face of the distinguished sol
dier bore a sad look as he turned from
the porch of the Scott residence and
entered his carriage. The. President
had desired that he be excused from re
ceiving his old friend. Rear Admiral
Gasey of the navy and Lieutenant Com
mander Phelps, the personal naval aid
to the President, also called "at the
As the sun rose behind the hills and
cast brilliant rays over the city the vi
tality of Mrs. McKinley seemed to
strengthen, and for a brief space she
recovered consciousness. At 10:30 a. m.
the information was given out that Mrs.
McKinley was holding her own and that
no change had been noted in the past
two hours.
Shortly after dawn a slight improve
ment was noted by the attending- phy
sicians. When the first symptoms of
the sinking spell were noticed urgent
messages were sent to Drs. Hirschfelder
and Gibbons, and they soon arrived at
the Scott residence.
The weary hours preceding the dawn
of day were passed in the ereatest
anxiety by those surrounding the bed
side of Mrs. McKinley. The President
remained by the couch of his* wife and
waited with fortitude for the dread sum
mons to his beloved one.
It was learned later that Mrs. Mc-
Kinley had suffered a sinking spell, and
heart stimulants were resorted to in or
der to keep her alive. As soon as pos
sible messages were sent to the members
of the President's Cabinet and to some
of the President's relatives residinjr in
this city.
At an early hour yesterday morning
Dr. Rixey, the President's physician.
hastily summoned the chief executive to
the bedside of his wife. The President
responded and remained in the sick
room the greater part of the day.
All that medical science can do was
done yesterday for the gentle patient,
but though every slight rally in Mrs.
McKinley's condition was hailed by
some as a good sign, the medical men
attending the sufferer shook their heads
and declined to give any hope.
The brief and infrequent bulletins as
to the condition of Mrs. McKinley have
failed to carry any hope to the people
of the country, and the fear is strong
that their chosen head is to be bowed
down by irreparable loss.
The President is bravely facing his
sorrow, but his face betrays the agony
of mind and heart that has come to him
in the past few days.
Not alone from the broad confines of
the American republic but from remote
corners of the world messages of sym
pathy were flashed to the city by
the Golden Gate, all bearing: the heart
felt hope that Providence might spare
the gentle life of the lady of the White
House and -assuage the jrrief of. the na
tion's head and his fellow subjects.
Laguna streets, in this
city, where the beloved wife of President
McKinley lay battling with the Grim
Reaper. •
ALL DAY yesterday the
eyes of the entire Ameri
can nation were centered
on the Scott residence at
the corner of Clay and
Bulletins Tell the
Story of Days
Hope and Fear
MCKINLEY GOES
_FOR A WALK
President Looks Wan and His Ap«
pearance Is Greeted With Ex
pressions of Silent
Sympathy.
No demonstration marked the ap
pearance of the President on th«
streets yesterday. He emerged from the
Scott home at 3:15 p. m.. He was ac
companied by Henry T. Scott and some
of the members of the Cabinet.
The President's face was wan and
tired, and though he tried to 'smile
bravely it was the effort of a brave man
trying to hide his .sorrow. There were
deep circles around the President's eyes
and his face was of dull pallor. He had
a kind acknowledgment for the salutes
of the police and detectives as he passed
from the house to Lacuna street and
crossed into the park facing the resi
dence. :The public was not allowed to
approach the President in the park, but
op the streets in the vicinity the chief
executive shook the hands of those who
met him and gave him greeting.
yesterday
| anxious watchers were kept
I informed of Mrs. McKin
j| ley's condition by bulletins
' fflL issu «* by George B. Cortel
you, the President's private
secretary. They tell the story
of the day's hopes and fears.
The first of these bulletins was issued
by Mr. Cortelyou at half-past Q o'clock,
after the physicians had' been in consul
tation. It was:
"At 9 o'clock the doctors report that
Mrs. McKinley's condition is not so fa
vorable.- she having had a sinking spell
at 5 o'clock this morning. There will
.noi^-be another official - bulletin runt:!
noon. President McKinley has canceled
every,engagcment for the ,day." •
At 11:45 a.m. Secretary Cortelyou
made the following statement:
I "The physicians have been most of
the morning with Mrs. McKinley. and
report that while she has had no relapse
during the morning her condition con
tinues grave. She is not suffering, but
is very weak."
„ Secretary Cortelyou stated at 1:43
? m. that there had been no change in
Mrs. McKinley's condition. She was
still very weak!
At 2:10 p! m. Secretary Cortelyou
stated that there had been no material
change in Mrs. McKinlev's condition.
She was conscious at that time* but was
extremely weak.
Secretary Cortelyou stated at 3:1s
p. m. that Mrs. McKinley was resting
easy. There was no appreciable change
in her condition for the better. She was
conscious and recognized the President
arid Miss Barber.
At 5:15 p. m. the following statement
was made:
"Secretary Cortelyou says there has
been no change in Mrs. McKinley/s con
dition since the last bulletin. No more
bulletins will be^issued after 6 o'clock."
At 8:15 Secretary Cortelyou gave out
the following: ,
"There is no material chansre in Mrs.
McKinley's condition. If anything she
is better than during the afternoon."
The next bulletin was issued at 8:45
p. m. It was much more encouraging
in tone, and was as follows:
"Physicians in attendance report de
cided improvement. Patient resting
easy. Pulse and temperature satisfac
tory."
PRICK FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, OFRIDAY^~M^:Y 17-1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 168.
AT 2 o'clock this morning it was given out at the Scott residence that while no material change was noted in the condition of Mrs^McKinley she was considered so near to the point of death that the attending physicians
could furnish no reassuring information.
The critical hours from 2 a. m. until 6 a. m. to-day give the physicians the gravest concern, and if their patient survives this designated period she must live through another day before any hopes can be held
out for her ultimate recovery. V . , !
Heart stimulants have constantly been resorted to and the physicians have administered opiates to check the acute, symptoms' that have- brought Mrs. McKinley to the point of dissolution. Mrs. McKinley suf
fers no pain. \
At brief intervals Mrs. McKinley has regained consciousness and has recognized her husband. \
ShouIcL Providence spare the life of the President's wife the Chief Executive will start with her as soon as possible for Washington.
Affairs of state may require that Secretaries Hay and Long proceed to the capital^
Statements that the President may take part in public and social functions in this city and at other points have no' foundation and -itcan be stated emphatically that the Chief Executive has canceled every future
engagement planned for the Presidential tour. ;. ::;;.:' '
The San Francisco CallA Month's Test Free.
If yon haveRheumatlam.wrlteDr. Ehoop.Ractoe,
Wis.,boxl37,for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure,
express paid.' Send no money. I Pay $5.50 If cured*
NEWTON, Mass.. May 16.— The Rev. Dr.
Ezra Hoy t Byington, one of the foremost
Congregational' clergymen" In .New Eng
land, died suddenly at his home here | to
day. Dr. Byington presided at the meet
ings of the Congregational Home Mission
ary Society at Tremont • Temple, Boston,
yesterday.
Ezra Hoyt Byington.
SEATTLE , May 16.— Thelbolled-makera
in'ievery - large -metal^working,; establish-;
ment'in the city, quit work tcrday at noon
and joined the ranks of the striking ma
chinists. . The boiler-makers , number ; ap-"
proxlmately 100 men. T They had demanded
terms identical wiuu those asked -by .the
machinists; namely, a ; nine-hour -.working
day for. the same pay. they, are getting at
present.', These demands were refused.-"' -¦;
Boilermakers Join Machinists:
- It was ¦ decided » to jremoye the office ! of 1
the club' toj 307 Sansome- street,^ room 1, ;
. San Francisco, i this being • the city head- -
quarters of. the secretary. ;.., ; - .:
¦= The resignation of Mr. Russell.who has.
filled 'the position? of, secretary .for ten
consecutive years, • was accepted .with t re- ,
gret, ¦ and . then L . only because ; this gentle
mam has given up his residence' on this i
coast:-— '-vv -.*---¦ <_:?*--~yyyy,~- :'.-r~<^.;\
At . a meeting of ; the Pacific Coast Jer
sey, Cattle; Club, held . ; on " the 16th inst.,
the' following officers were • elected : Presi
dent," Colonel C. • L. : Taylor." of San ' Fran
cisco; t, secretary and . treasurer, >. Joseph
Mailliard of . San ¦ « Geronimo; executive
committee— R. G. Sneath, W. .W. ; Cameron
and K.-C: Sessions. -. l - •,
Cattle Club" Selection.
Decrees of , divorce were granted , yester-'
day to Lydia McCord from Nathaniel Mc-
Cord for desertion, Hortensia Larson from
Charles A. Larsen for desertion, Frances
Glixman from • Philip Glixman for deser
tion, Charles Julius HelBerg from Julia /B.
Helberg for cruel ty,\ and Lottie ¦'J.: Harding
from'John H. : Harding :for ; cruelty. Suits
for divorce were filed. yesterday by Albert
H aueer against T Minnie "« Hauser ; for -* de
sertion, , Elveria A. Waters against John
Waters for. failure to provide, •, Margaret
C. Davidson against Thomas Davidson for
desertion, and Mildred Henrietta Hirsch
berg Rlalto againet , Julius H. Hirschberg
Rialto for. desertion. - - , : •
In . the '.Divorce Court.
The codfiBhing fleet is making long runs
to the fishing grounds. The schooners
Mary and Ida and Uranus and the brig
Harriet- G left here nearly two months
ago and none of them has been reported
as having reached Unga. The Harriet G
left here on April 3 and last Tuesday she
was reported ten miles- off - Kureka... In
forty-one days she • had made 216 ¦ miles,
and if the rest of the fleet and the vessels
of the cannery fleet are doing no better
the season will be over before they reach
their destination. The majority of the
fleet that sailed for the canneries are out
from thirty to forty-five days, long runs
for all of them.
Another vessel that is making a long
passage is the brig Pitcalrn, now out
eighty-three days for : Manila. She left
here with a general cargo, rfnd if she has
not already arrived should be heard from
soon. . _
Forty-One Days.
CODFISHING FLEET. DELAYED
Harriet Q Makes but 216 Miles in
:.v Works Accident in
Jail/
Harold Palmer, a fourteen-year-old
boy who was slightly injured In the glass
works! accident on Thanksgiving day,* is
locked up in the City Prison charged with
grand : larceny. Last "Wednesday, it io
claimed, he met Ps."V^. Hlley,' a discharged
soldier, and, after seeing the sights,' he
took him to a room on Turk" street; where
he- robbed him of $130. After stealing the
money Palmer visited- Chinatown and
purchased a gold watch and a bowie-knife.
Thus armed he went to Oakland intending
to have, a '.'good time." " Meeting a ¦ boy
whom he had met in -this city, he started
to shoot craps with .'him, when a police
man swooped down upon them and placed
them under arrest., "When searched at the
Oakland prison over $100 was found in the
possession < of Pftlmer. Yesterday Palmer
was brought to this city and locked up In
the "tanks." Last night he was positively
identified by. the ex-soldier whom he had
robbed., v -' ?• , : .
YOTJNG BOY AC0USET> OF
\-~ ROBBING ; EX-SOLDIER
One of the Injured at the Glass
. QUARRELSOME WAITERS.— "Walter Few
and Max Neuman, waiters, engaged in a brawl
on Valencia- street: early yesterday morning,
and after pummellngr each other for some" time
were arrested by Ofiicers Robinson. t>alton and'
Connel. , The men then made an attack on the
policemen and It required the combined • force
of the officers to subdue them. Two charges
Of battery were entered against Few, , In addl-'
tion to a charge of disturbing the peace... , t
CHARGES AGAINST POLICEMEN.— Charges
were filed with the Police Commissioners yes
terday by Captain SpUlane against Policeman
James F. Brazel for failure to report a. change
of residence and against \ Policeman : John S.
O-Neil for being absent from hla beat for an
hour. j ; -, . '¦¦'.- '• . ;.".* :
ESCAPED FROM THE HOSPITAL.— James
Cullen, who attempted to commit ., suicide In
Golden Gate Park Wednesday afternoon by
stabbing himself in th« breast and neck, made
his escape from the Emergency Hospital early
yesterday morning... . " ' £ ;.
LOCAL BREVITIES.
Two boys named Bert Turner, ailas the
"Antioch Kid," and Louis Miller were ar
rested last night by Police Ofiicers Mul
cahey and Davids and locked up '.n the
"tanks." They are accused of administer
ing knock-out drops to John Sexton,' an
old miner who lives in Fresno. Yesteiday
forenoon the youthful prisoners met Sex
ton on Market street and took him for a
ride to Golden Gate Park. At their invi
tation he visited a saloon near the park
and, after being served with a "lass of
beer one of the boys poured a portion of
the contents of a phial of knockout drops
in the glass. Realizing Ms condition,
Sexton left his companions and boarded a
passing car. Last night he again met
Turner and Miller, who were evidently
looking for him, and accompanied them to
the Louvre, at the corner of ( Eddy and
Powell streets. Suspecting that they in
tended to administer a larger dose of the
deadly drops to him, he concluded to care-«
fully watch them. Just as they were
served with the drinks Turner and Miller,
seeing Officer Mulcahey entering the
place started to make their escape. With
the assistance of Officer David they were
overtaken and placed under v arrest, lur
ner had a bottle containing knockout
drops with him, but when taken Into cus
tody he smashed the bottle on the side
walk after remarking that he did not in
tend to be "caught with the goods on
him." , '-.
Sexton, who had a large amount of
money in his possession, is congratulat
ing himself that the police arrived in time
to save him from being robbed.
Rob a Resident of
Fresno.
"KNOCKOUT DROPS"
GIVEN TO A MINER
Arrest of T-wo Boys While Trymg to
the Scott house. To the few who tried
to see the President the reply was given
by the hcuse attendants that the chief
executive would see no one.
The slight improvement reported in
MONMOUTH.m., May. 16.— The Wom
en's General • Missionary Society \ of the
United -Presbyterian church elected tho
following officers to-day: . President, Mrs.
H. T. Jackson; Stronghurst/ 111; ', first vice
president, Mrs.H. H. Bell. San Francisco;
secretary, Mrs.-.M. :W.- Porter, Wllkins
burg, Pa.; treasurer, Mrs. . E. S. ¦ Sloan,
Pittsburg. Reports showed contributions
to foreign missions during the past year
of $37,479.. The board probably: will estab
lish" a new school at Luexor.v Egypt.
Mrs. Bell Is "Vice President.
WASHINGTON. May 16.— The stock
brokerage firm of Guerly & Johnson in
this city has failed and notice of the sus
pension of business will be posted on its
doors -tormorrow. The open accounts
make up a total of $400,000. . The liabilities
are $130,000. ¦ ¦ . '. ~
The failure is. a result of the recent
Wall-street panic. - Ever since the Novem
ber election the firm has been doing an
enormous business, handling, , it Is said,
more transactions in stocks than any
other legitimate broker in .Washington.
Sines 1898 the firm has consisted of Will
iam B. Guerly and Richard : A. Johnson.
The latter is a. member of the New York
Stock Exchange. Johnson is a son-in-law
of ex-Senator ¦ Gorman of Maryland.
Johnson's personal fortune has been ap
plied toward a liquidation of the indebt
edness. - ¦"¦';' -..'- ¦ " •• \- ¦ ¦ . ' - ~ >
ington Has to Announce Sus
pension •= of Business. .
FAILirRE THE RESULT
OF WALL STREET PANIC
Prominent Brokerage T"irm in Wash-
"Will see to purchase and distribution
of aid. Li Hung Chang requests me to
express to organizers of relief his sincere
thanks; also thanks of Shansi, . f amine-
Btricken, for American benevolent ac
tion." "¦¦';/, '¦• ¦ "¦ m ' • ¦ ". ; , ¦"•'
"The German Btaff have -notified the
allies of their intention to send another
expedition to suppress Boxers in the
southern part of the province of Chili,
beyong Cning ' Ching, and have invited
the co-operation of the allies. The de
parture of the French troops has been
countermanded." - ¦ "-¦-;
NEW YORK. May 16.— In response to
cablegrams seat- out by the Christian
Herald, Baron Mumm von Schwartzen
steln, the German Minister at Peking, in
behalf of Count Waldersee, cables that
there is no danger whatever' of any in
terference on the part of the military au
thorities with the proposed relief opera»
tions. Commissioner Zechill : also cables
as follows: .. ::: "•'' '
LONDON, May 17.— Dr. Morrison, wir
ing to the Times from Peking,. May 15,
says:
Li Hung Cnang Thanks
for the, Aid They Give the
Famine-Stricken.
Mrs. McKinley's condition gave the
President a chance to secure a short
sleep, and shortly after 3 P. m. word
was sent from the house that he would
go for a brief walk.
GERMANS STILL AFTER
THE TROUBLESOME; BOXERS
Strike Blots on the Neva.
ST. , PETERSBURG, May. ¦ 16.-Strike
riots have occurred^ in 'the' ; cotton mills
on the - Vibry . side ; of the ' Neva. It ls
reported that many , have been killed.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. May -. 16.— Eugene
Brady O'Neill and Mrs. 1 Pauline O'Neill
were quietly I married j here this afternoon
in accordance with -the ceremonies of the
Catholic church. The event was interest
ing from the fact = that the . groom is the
brother and the brMe the. widow of the
gallant "Buckey" O'Neill, captain of Com
pany A of Roosevelt's Rough Riders, and
who. was. killed in the now famous battle
of San Juan Hill in Cuba.: ¦/.
. Captain ¦-O'Neill was one; of the most
picturesque characters of the Spanish war
and : is one of its - most I frequently re
ferred-to heroes. Mrs. O'NeilMs a, large
property ; holder here i; and ha3 herself
achieved a measure of success with her
pen. . The groom ls a younger brother of
Captain O'Neill and is a lawyer by pro
fession. . •
BROTHER OF THE HERO
>i - MARRIES HIS WIDOW
JACKSONVILLE," Fla:.' May 16.-At to
day's meeting j of • the Relief Association
it" -was deemed ' necessary, owing - to the
conflicting- reports' sent 'through- the coun
try by. individuals, which tend to '¦ confuse
the public; mind, : to create, an authoritative
channel. through' 'Which' .'Will be sent all in
formation relating I to the- suffering peo
ple here."' A/ press representative was ap
pointed in. the person of Edwin G. Weed,
Bishop of the Diocese. of Florida, and the
Associated Press named as the channel of
transmission "of the , appeals ¦ and state
ments of the people. .The public is thus
informed, that all statements, information
or proclamatldns, unless signed by Bishop
Weed or sent -by his direct authority, are
not to be given credence by i the people
and in no. way voice the sense of the or
ganization that is charged with the relief
work in Jacksonville. - - ¦
; COlFET.i&ITNG REPORTS £ } -
FROM ; JACKSONVILLE
Steps Taken. to Have Oily^, Correct
- Statements , Sent From . the " \
VU .' Stricken . City. ; £ :
McKinley. ' - '
III. Further action Trill be taken by McKinley. Post No. 1001
as Roon as circumstances permit, of which action all posts will be
promptly notified.
A. D. CUTLER, Chairman. ' '
T. C. MASTELLER, Secretary. .
AV. H. L. BARNES, Commander McKinley Post No. 1901. j
J. C. IXNES, Commander Lincoln Post Xo. 1.
SELDEX STCRGES, S. V. C. George H. Thomas Post 3Vo. 2. %
A. E. COHX, Commander Garfield Post Xo. 34. •-
G. AV. ARBUCKLE, , Commander Colonel Cass Post No. 40.
JOHN MURPHY, Commander General G.G. Meade Post No. 48.
j. b. FULLER) Commander Loyal Legion.
ness of. Mrs. McKinley, which compels the absence of 'Comrade
HEADQUARTERS MeKIJTLEY GRAJfD ARMY COM3IITTEE.
Room 55, Occidental Hotel.
' ;,'i San Francisco, Cal., May 16, 1001.
I. The contemplated ceremonies In connection wltli McKinley
Provisional Post No. 1OO1, arranged, for Friday,, Blay .17, 1001, at
.Vative Sons' Hall, are hereby canceled and; all orders from 'the
headquarter* of that post and from all San Francisco posts and
the Loyal Lesion, relative thereto, are hereby countermanded.
II. This action is made imperative because of the* severe ill-
MRS. McKINLEY'S ILLNESS
CHANGES VETERANS' PLANS
the: keenest pleasure ' to his proposed
yisiti to the..-. Yellowstone Park.- 'and
safety of the President and the comfort
of. his stricken wife.
: The^latest news ."sent from 1 the Scott
residence at an early hour this morning
showed that there was no change in the
"of. Mrs.- McKinley.: ; - V >
, Those iWho know the President's .de
sire to always fulfill his engagements
wiHrealize that it 'is only his devotion to
his .wife.that has caused him to cancel
his public arid social obligations in this
city and;at other 'points. - The ' Presi
dent, ifjisrlearned, looked forward with
SISSON, May 16.— M. Volke, first assist
ant to the civil engineer of this division,
was killed north of Upton to-day. He, was
inspecting the track on a gasoline bicycle
when he was run down by a work train.
No blame is attached to the train crew.
Train Sills ' Track Inspector.
France to Buy an Island.
LONDON, May 17.— It is understood that
France is negotiating with Ecuador, says
the Sydney correspondent of the Dally
Mail, for the purchase of one of the Gala
pagos Islands. r . .
SAN BERNARDINO, May 16.— The baby
show parade and contest surpassed all ex
pectations at the street fair to-day. At
3 o'clock the procession proceeded down
Third street, passing In review before the
Queen, who was on her throne. There
were many designs of miniature chariots
covered with a wealth of roses, sweetpeas,
carnations and baby buggies, tricycles,
bicycles and carts drawn by four-year
old urchins dressed in white; also mora
ambitious vehicles drawn by snowwhlte
; horses. Donkeys, Shetland ponies and
mules were also In the procession.
Mrs. John Flagg's baby drew the first
¦ prize, which was a cart drawn bjr four
small /boys dressed as 't pages of King
tSharles' time. The secqgtd prize was taken
by Baby R. C. Harbison, who traveled in
a -coach of red roses.
Thrones for Iiittle Ones in
Brilliantly Decorated Carts Serve' a3
BABIES "WTNT/ PBIZES ,
IN" CARNIVAL CONTEST
The President is bowed with sorrow,
but he is facing his grief with remark
i able, fortitude that stamps him . a ;. brave
irrian and a devoted husband.. .:. j j£ *; » /
hoped to enjoy in the national reserva
tion a rest from the arduous duties im
posed upon him on his trip to the West.
\': The President is deeply touched by
the enormous demonstration of sym
pathy extended to him" in his sorrow.
'From every, quarter of "the civilized
world cablegrams -have poured "in. each,
message breathing the earnest prayer
the wife of the chief executive may
be spared to her devoted husband.
CHICAGO, May 16.— A clash between the
National Metal Trades Association j . and
the International Association of Machin
ists threatens to undo all the work that
has been done looking toward a peaceful
settlement of the labor, question so far as
the Chicago district is concerned. The
employers in the Metal Trades Association
say r they, have conceded that nine hours
shall constitute a day's work and that
they ' will only too gladly, agree - to arbi
trate' the question of wages, but that con
trary to instructions, voted Saturday
night by the machinists' Chicago associa
tion, their agent, Roderick,- has not yet
asked for arbitration. \ "* ¦ -- .;¦ ¦
"The manufacturers are playing
double," said Roderick. "They are trying
to defeat us by using the independent
manufacturers, and - until we | hear . from
them as to the result of their, meeting to
day I cannot predict the action." ..
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Late advices
received by- President ,0'Connell of the
Machinists' Association indicate that more
than 25 per cent of tho employing ma
chinists throughout the country have
agreed to the demand for shorter hours
and increased pay. ¦ Contrary to an opin-
Ibn which prevails in some quarters, Pres
ident O'Connell says, there has been no
new order Issued from . headquarters re
garding Monday's proposed strike. ~: He ex
pects a general acquiescence: in the order
heretofore issued. - • , -;: :- Ci TV-
Settlement With
Machinists;
\ . . — : ' ;: . •.
May Prevent Peaceful
METAL TRADES
CAUSE TROUBLE
Through the heavy mist, they could
only. see the figures of the police -and
detective guards that kept vigil over the
The members of the Cabinet and the
physicians declined to give any informa
tion as to the condition of Mrs. McKin
ley and referred all inquiries to the Pres
ident's secretary, George B. Cortelyou.
Despite the dense fog that enveloped
the neighborhood of the President's;
temporary home groups of men and
women remained until midnight in the
park facing the Scott residence.
inet Ministers "again called at the house
and conferred with the President.
HOTEL ABBJVAXS.
Continued From First Page.
riRS. ricKINLEY LIES AT POINT OF DEATH.
SECRETARY CORTELYOU READING BULLETIN TO REPORTERS AT 9 P. M.
Editorials Recall Presi
dent's Words When - L
Queen Died.
LONDON. May 17.— All the morn
ing papers refer editorially in terms of
deepest sympathy to the illness of Mrs.
McKinley, recalling the sympathy dis
played by both the President and his
wife when Queen Victoria Mied.
LONDON PRESS
HAS SYMPATHY
saying: i -± »•:
"Ida rallied from sinking spell which
she had at 5 o'clock this morning, and.
while now fairly comfortable, she is crit
ically ilL"
ceived a telegram from the President
'had never felt better. Shortly before
noon to-day Mrs. Marshall Barber re-
health and had said at El Paso that she
mother of Miss Mary Barber, who is ac
companying the Presidential party, was
in a letter from her daughter telling of
the visit at El Paso. In this it was said
that Mrs. McKinley was improving in
word heard personally by Mrs. Barber,
gram yesterday afternoon from the
President, came as a surprise. The last
CANTON, Ohio. May 16.— It
.was learned this morning at ,
the residence of Mrs. Mar
shall Barber. Mrs. McKin
ley's sister, that the news of
Mrs. McKinley's serious ill
ness, conveyed to the family by a tele-
Committees in Charge of Banquets and •Receptions^Announee That They Will Not Be Held.
Mrs. McKinley's Relations in Canton Surprised by Advices of Her Critical Condition, and
London Papers Express the Deepest Sorrow at the Sad News of Her Serious Illness
FESTIVITIES PLANNED FOR DAY ABAMDONRP
AND CITY GIVEN OVER TO SORROWFUL VIGIL
INSTEAD of a day's festivities in
celebration of the presence of the
President as the city's guest, and
of memorable events by way of
entertainment of distinguished
guests, there was a hush of sor
row over San Francisco yesterday. The
members of the Presidential party were
in retirement, touched * by the sad
thought of an impending bereavement
for their chief, and San Francisco had
thought only of the sick lady of the
White House and her grief-stricken
husband.
None of the receptions and banquets
arranged for were held. When the
critical condition of Mrs. McKinley
became known officers and committees
of the various interested organizations
hastened into conference and sent out
notices that their entertainment plans
were abandoned.
In the evening the illumination of the
. downtown streets was only partial, and
interest in it was half-hearted. On pre
vious evenings The Call buildine was
admired by thousands for the classic
beauty of Its scheme of illumination,
but last night the building was not illu
minated, out of respect to the sorrow
that has come upon the President, in
whose honor the illumination was pre
pared.
The trip to Mount Tamalpais had
been definitely abandoned the evening
before, the members of the Cabinet hav
ing announced that they could not be
guests under the circumstances.
General James M. Gleaves and
Colonel W. H. Jordan, president and
vice president respectively of the Ohio
Society, had a consultation early in the
morning, and after Colonel Jordan had
made a trip to the Scott residence and
conferred with Secretary Cortelyoui
they met with members of the commit
tee and decided to abandon the banquet
at the Palace Hotel, for which such
elaborate preparations had been made.
The women of the Ohio Society had
previously decided not to attempt to
give their banquet at the California Ho
tel for the > kuiies of the Presidential
party.
The events scheduled for the after
noon were abandoned one by one, as
those in charge had time to meet and
reach such decision officially. These
events were the reception to have been
tendered at the Palace Hotel at 2:30
p. m. by the Sons and Daughters of the
American Revolution, the reception at
Native Sons' Hall by the Mexican War
Veterans, Loyal Legion, Native Sons
and Native Daughters, and the reception
to have been tendered the ladies of the
Presidential party at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art.
The Knights Templar parade and re
ception was declared off by the follow
ing order:
"Owing to the state of Mrs. McKin
ley's health all orders promulgated con
cerning the reception of the President
on Friday at Mechanics' Pavilion are
rescinded. H. D. LOVELAND.
Commander.
"THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
Golden Gate Commanderv."
The directors of the Leasrue of the
Cross Cadets met in the afternoon and
voted to postpone the competitive drill
at Mechanics' Pavilion, to have been
held to-night, out of sympathy for
President McKinley, wh6 ( had given
consent to attend for a short time and
review the cadets. Notice will be given
those holding invitations when another
date is selected.
The committee in charge of the citi
zens' banquet for to-morrow night have
abandoned that function.
TRAVEL DIVERTED
TO PREVENT NOISE
At noon Chief of Police Sullivan and
Captain Wittman sent for a squad of
police and barred all travel on the
blocks surrounding the house where
Mrs. McKinley lies stricken almost unto
death. Only the newspaper representa
tives were allowed to approach the
Scott home, and the crowds that had
congregated on the opposite side of the
street were forced to take up their vigril
in the middle of the park facing the
house.
Secretary Cortelyou issued another
bulletin at noon that informed the eaRer
watchers for news that Mrs. McKinley
was not suffering, but was very low.
.At i p. m. Bishop Nichols -of the
Episcopal church arrived at the house
and was admitted to the sickroom.
He remained with Mrs. McKinley for
some time and when he left he informed
the newspaper representatives that the
patient was in a critical condition but
that the doctors still had hopes for her
recovery. The Bishop's kindly face was
pale and sad and his voice was 'choked
with emotion as he, told of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley's condition.
At 2 p. m. Secretary Cortelyou issued
another, bulletin, but its tenor was simi
lar to the previous one. During the next
hour the physicians left the. house and
Secretary Cortelyou announced that a
slight improvement had been noted in
Mrs. McKinleys' condition.
Carriage after carriage drove up, and
the police and . detective guards were
busily engaged in carrying cards into
Police Cordon Is Thrown Around the
Souse Where Distinguished
Sufferer Is I*ying Near ¦
Unto Death.
J C Shifter. Sonoma .
H L Miller. St Louis
W L Choate & w, Okla
J J Choate. LA
"W H Perry & w, L A
C Gogle. St Louis
Al Day, . Bakersfleld
A Jardahl; Eureka ..
J H Gysaleer & w, Cal
Mrs D Hollister & dan,
Courtland
R T Nlckersbn. Sonom
H Elchwald. El Paso
J D Van Vllck, L A
O W Francisco, L A
G A' Hart, L A
J E Barkley. Phoenix
Mrs E Brepon, L A a
Mrs M Kaanso, L A
Miss E McElhenny. la
MM Jones &w, LA
G A StefTa, .Pomona .
C Moltzen. Pt Reyes
R;,T Bodman. L A ~"
G-J*J- Johnson. Keddlng
Carrie *FIatt,- Illinois B -
Mrs Q Baker, - Chicago
Juliet P Rice SanB
C ' F Cutts, Caraon C
W W : Douglas, Sacto
G "VVissema-nn, Sacto
G P Ayers, Redwd C
W H Stacey, San Jose
L W Frothingham,
Mass
F Hanford, Seattle
Mr Furls. Marysvllle
J G Taylor, Nev
J M Tremaln, Susanrl
J H Riley, Susanvllle
Miss' McClatchy, Sacto
B F HarUey, Auburn
F A Kaufman, Woodld
Mrs - J J Tully, . Stkn .
Capt Bradman, USMR
F Lemon,' Boston
A J Bledsoe, Ukiah
|L A Spitaer. San Joss
W E Hadley. S Diego
C A Stork,: Santa B
C A Upham. Chicago
Mrs Ash, Wyoming '
Mrs Blssac. S Dlega
Mrs Gale. S Diego '
W P Dickson, Tacoma
Mrs E Lciegmann. Cal
B F Shepherd, Fresno
T E Hawthorne & w.
Boston . ;-
E Landers, - Sonoma
Mr Black, Palo Alto-
W,. KolzheJmer. Salt L
1*-Gam*t r 'XjDm ¦ A. ¦ J"
J O'Brien, Eonora
G W Oody.Hanford
J W. Sterling. ! Salinas
F Fisher, Seattle
Mr Smith, Salt Lake
W. Chance, New Tork
J J Smith & w, Stkn
W Armstrong, Sebastl
R Graham. & w, Lkept
W Prugh. Pittsburg
F Martin. Aria
¦W A Fish, Red Bluff *
C Cobb. Seattle
PALACE HOTEL,
"W W Olem, London
TV Parsons & w, Chgo
G'Paxton. Salt Lake
M L Cooper, Modesto
J Purdury, 111
J Halne & w. Tacoma
H Singapore
T Paul. Singapore
W. E Futch, Clevelnd
Alice Robin3on. Wash
G Casey & w. St Lake
J B Wolf. N Y
F H Wilkinson, N Y
E -H Cox, Madera
Miss Miller, S Barbra
W Chance, N Y
M Miller, U S -N
S Kahn, Oakdale
L Thanhauser, N Y
E J Man, Si Louis
S Silverwood. L Ang
C B Shaw, Fresno
G H Lorn?, Mich
F Short & w. ¦ Fresno
R Davis & w. N Y
Miss Davis, N Y
L H Davis. Tucson
S Dunham & W, Wash
C Norton & it, Iowa
NEW WEST
R J Carney. Ireland
J J CRourke. Boston
J L Johnson. Oakland
E Umb, St Louis .
J S Graham & w. S D
D Morgan & w. S D
K E Lodd. Alabama
W K Finks. Denver
J H Utcke, Idaho
J H Gillick, -Butte
J W Knox. Merced
S Mulford. I> Ang
B F Ray & w, Denver
"W S Russell, N T
S Frank, NT l *t *
Airs Gerllnger, Portld
J G Howard, N Y -
W Johnson, Omaha -
Mrs Raton, Boston
Mrs Lodge. Boston
Mrs Sandberff, L Ang
C Knight, L Ane
C X'pham, Chicago
T Cartwright. N T\
H Stout & w. U" S A
J E McDonald, V S N
G Cochran. . L. An*
A J Wallace, L. Ang
W W Davis, N J
L J Rose Jr. Oxnard
R J Sickles. Mass
L. Sargent. MJnn
G H Allen,: N Y
R Klrkwcod & vr, Cal
O Steiner. N T
J B Fartsh, Denver
J A Baker. Chicago
W Brevoort. N T
I L B Robinson, NT
ERN HOTEL.
R L Egbert. Cal
F E Claris & w. Cal
C Keeney. Cincinnati
CT C Morris. Colo Spgs
J H Grace. Chicajo
J R Cummings. Ls An
A W McPherson. Mass
T L Collier, NY
G Delleami.- Oakland"
THE SAN FR AKCISCO .-"; CALL, FRIDAY;- MAY 1T V 1901.
2
GRAND HOTEI*
TKeGolf A^ *7'W3m •
I : . : There is rto need of paying over $1.95 for a flat brim jrolf hat. .
a If you arc content with one at $2.50 you will be content with
I {¦ \\ ours at ! $i.g5, for it's the same identical hat. Regular hatters
i charge $2.50 for the hat3*we sell at $1.95.
I • /You can, get these golf hats either with raw edge brim or
I * I. with. binding. "in the following colors: Black, cedar, pearl and
I blue pearl. . . f
1 Alsorderbys in the popular colors and shades. Fedoras
I with binding or raw edge in almost any color that is suitable.
J Oui-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.
¦!¦!!¦ Illll IIII1IIIMI ¦IIIIIHIIIIB IIIIIM 1 HIM _^ iThe Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from'Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing. Merced Big Trees
en route.' - ..." .
Ask about it at 611 Market street. - • '
Democrats.
Democrats will assemble from all parts
of the State May 19th to celebrate the
fiftieth anniversary of the first , Demo
cratic State Convention of California, d.
M Delmas will deliver the oration. ,
Steamer Onisba iwill leave Jackson
street wharf May. 19th at. 8:30 -a; ; m.- and
»eave Benicia 5:30 p.m. Fare,,round trip,
75 cents. ; -. .. " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'. ¦ :¦.:•¦¦¦.;
•* Tickets . at Bryan's Drug Store, ; New
Montgomery and Market; Merle's, Mission
and Sixth; Shinkwin's, .Larkin and Turk;
Fybush's, Market /and. Sansome, and
wharf, Sunday morning. ; •
FREIGHT TRAIN FALLS
INTO THE RIVER BED
Collision With a Northern Snow
slide Causes the Death of a
Fireman.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 16.— A loco
motive fireman named Henry Barnes was
killed in a railway accident on the Crows
Nest branch of the Canadian Pacific Rail
road yesterday afternoon. A freight
train laden with ore and merchandise ran
into a snowslide two miles east of Spar
wood Station on the Fernie River. The
engine and cars were thrown off the track
and the whole train crashed down into the
bed of the stream, thirty feet below. The
fireman attempted to jump at the warning
cry given by the engineer, James Roberts,
but his body has not yet been found. The
conductor and a brakeman Jumped Into
the slide and having got clear of the
wreck they swam ashore. .
Picket Pierces His Heart.
NANAIMO, May 16. — Information has
been received hero that the Rev. Domittan
Galant, a well-known Catholic mission
teacher at Kuper Island, fell on a picket
fence and was killed. ¦ The picket pierced
his heart. : .
Half Million for a Mine.
3AKER~ CITY, Or., May 16.— The deed
in the great Bonanza mine ' deal, . which
was recently purchased by the Consoli
dated Bonanza Gold Mining Company* of
Philadelphia, composed of Standard Oil
magnates, was \ filed for. record in . this
city to-day. The deed disclosed the fact
that the price paid was $500,000 cash. The
present owners value the property: to
day at $3,000.000. . - . .
Loses His Railroad Position.
LOS ANGELES, May 16.— C. L. Sutton
has been relieved of his position as audi
tor of the Santa Fe system, west of Albu
querque. L. Miller, who has been chief
clerk in the office for several years, Is
acting; as auditor pending a -permanent
appointment. - It is alleged that Sutton's
dismissal was due to an attempt at sui
cide last Saturday, but it is denied that
there has been anything wrong in the con
duct of his office. <
CLARX'S COAL MINERS
GO OUT ON A STRIKE
One Hundred Men Leave the Sena
tor's Property Near Gallup in
New Mexico.
LOS AXGBLES, May 16.— Word was rw-
celved at the office of J. Ross Clark to-day
that the miners employed in th« Clark
coal mines, near Gallup, N. M., had gona
on strike. Most of the coal produced in
these mines Is consumed by the Verd*
Copper Mining Company's plant at
Jerome, Ariz. This property belongs to
Senator Clark. No details accompanied
the announcement of the strike and the
grievance of the men la unknown here.
New Professor for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 18.—
President Jordan to-day announced
that Dr. John Halsey, dean of Lake
Forest University and Pearson professor
of economics and political -science in
that institution, has , accepted an ap
pointment as acting professor of econo
mics and political science at Stanford
University. He will be acting head of
the department for the coming year
pending its reorganization. 'It 13 pro
posed soon to divide the department into
two, that of economics and finance, and
that of political and social science. Ne
gotiations toward filling the proposed
chairs have been in progress for some
time, but in both departments the pro
fessor chosen is bound for next year by
earlier arrangements. To r bridge over
this transition period Dr. Halsey'a ser
vices were, secured as acting professor
of economics, with Burt Estes toward
as acting associate professor of politi
cal science. An additional • assistant
will also be chosen.
HUSBAN-D-AND WIFE
BURIED IN ONE GRAVE
County Die Within Few Hours
... s ol Each Other.
Pioneer Residents of Santa Clara
SAN JOSE, May 16.— After nearly forty
years of wedded life Jerome and Anna
VoBtrovsky, two well-known pioneers of
this county, were consigned to one
grave. Tho old couple .died within a
few hours of each other. Vostrovsky
passed away May 9, and the following:
day his wife's death ' occurred. The'fu
neral was postponed till to-day In order
that relatives from a distance could at
tend. ' . ; iw'^ . * :--* "
A large number of friends attended
the services at the home in the 'Willows.
Interment was in Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery. Vostrovsky was a native of Bo
hemia and 63 years of agre. His wife
was born In Moravia sixty-two years agro.
¦ - ¦ , . . . ¦
MAKES AN AfTTEMPT
TO MTJUDER SW_HUH'H"EiATVp
Farmer Fires a Bullet' Through a
Young Woman's Hand ITear
, Paso Robles. ¦
PASO ROBL.ES, May 16.— Charles Stilts,
a farmer, attempted to- kill his sweet
heart, Miss Mamie Ramage, this ) after
noon, at the , Kalar ranch, near here!
Stilts went ~* to tho place where the girl
was employed and after a brief conver
sation seized a. rifle from his wagon and
attempted to shoot her at close , range.
Miss Ramage grasped the muzzle of the
weapon and the ball passed through her
hand. A second shot missed hen . ;
Mrs. Kalar, though a delicate woman,
hurried to the rescue of her friend and
knocked Stilts down, when, with the help
of J. Kalar, he was bound and brought to
town. To-night he was lodged in the
County Jail. ¦ . \i "
Stilts is. 40 years of age , and Is well
known here. Ho attempted suicide a few
months ago over the- love affair with the
girl.\:- ;¦:¦ --'., ¦_¦- . - ¦-;: / : •
DBIVE 0>FP WITH SAFE;
THEN-CTJSE DYNAMITE
Bobbers Enter the Postofflce at Kern
City and Disappear With.
Thousand Dollars.
: BAKERSFIELD, \RIay \ 16.— The , post
office '. at Kern .City was entered last
night by ,burglars and : tho safe - rolled . to
the rear entrance, placed on a truck, and
hauled a c distance of three blocks near
the Santa Fe tracks. There . it was
blown: open with dynamite.
The contents consisted of $700 worth of
stamps and about , $300 in -. cash.: The bur
glars overlooked . about ¦ $500 j In i stamps of
other denominations. : The;postal;author
ities and police • officers have ' been ¦¦ noti
fied of the burglary., ' ; '} .> ¦¦":
Special Dispatch to The Call-
SAN RAFAEL, May 16.— One of th«
boldest highway robberies e«er perpe
trated in this county occurred near Fair
fax to-night when Sheridan Smith, a resi
dent of Bolinas', was held up at the point
of a pistol and relieved of hla purse and
hat.
Smith returned from San Francisco to
night and started to drive from this city
to his home at Bolinas. When near San
Anselmo a man stopped him and asked
him for a ride. Smith took him In hi*
cart and proceeded along the road until
they reached Pastorl's. There tho stranger
suggested that they drive In for a drink.
Smith was agreeable and they drove In.
Just as they crossed the railroad track
the stranger said that he wanted to get
out. Smith stoppea and the next moment
he was looking into tho barrel of a larjra
pistol.
The highwayman searched his victim
and took his purse, which contained about
J20, and then grabbed his hat. With a
flourish of his pistol ho ordered Smith to
drive on.
Smith returned here and officer* are now
searching for the robber. The man la de
scribed us being rather short, of heavy
build, about thirty-two years old. and
with a reddish mustache.
Highwayman Holds Up
Bolinas Resident
at Fairfax.
ROBS THE MAN
WHO FAVORS HIM
Why Two Missionaries
"Were Slain in New '
Guinea.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 16.— Details
have been brought by the steamer Moana
from Sydney of the massacre of the mis
sionary ' party In New Guinea briefly re
ported by cable on May 8. The report to
the Government Resident of Thursday
Island is as follows:
The crew of the Dido . report the murder of
Rev. James Chalmers and Rev. ¦ Oliver Tom
kins of the' London Missionary Society by
New Guinea natives at Debe, near the mouth
of tho Fly River. It s«ma they went ashore
after friendly natives had warned them of the
tribal war that was In progress and that their
lives would be endangered. Despite this warn
ing the missionaries, with six native converts,
went ashore and attempted to hold a religious
service. The natives blamed the missionaries
for a reverse In battle and killed the two
white men and all their native boys. Parts ct
the bodies were afterward devoured by th«
cannibal natives. The captain of the mission
schooner from his veggel saw tha bodies lyln*
on the beach with their heads cut off, but he
wan afraid to land, and galled away to D«tru
Inland. Thli report of the I>ido'» cr«w has
been confirmed by a well-known native mis
sionary named I»lal.
From other sources it wan learned that
Chalmers, who was one of the pioneer
missionaries u> New Guinea and known
and revered among the friendly tribes oa
"Tomatoe," was believed by the savage
tribo by whom he and Tomkins, a recently
arrived missionary, were murdered, to bo
endowed with divine power, and they de
manded that he aid them In destroying
the tribe whom they were at war with.
The missionaries refused to go with the
tribe into battle, and the missionary party
was kept under guard pending the out
come of a battle. In this flght their cap
tors were badly worsted and the daughter
of the old chief who. led the fighting
forces was severely and perhaps latally
wounded. For this reason she blamed
"Tomatoe" with adverse intercession with
the gods and demanded his death in expi
ation. Thereupon the natives killed the
missionaries, savagely hacking them to
pieces, and afterward devoured the bodies
at a midnight cannibal feast. • _
WOULD NOT PRAY
TO GOD OF WAR
VICTORIA, B. C, May 16.— News has
been received by the steamer Moana of
the loss of the steamer Federal off the
Australian coast during the heavy gale
at the end of March./ Thirty-two per
sons perished with her. Six bodies were
recovered with a boat, but no 'wreckage
was found and it was believed that the
vessel foundered on the coast.
Where the bodies were found dingoes
were eating them and were driven away
with difficulty. Tho bodies were badly
mangled by the wild dogs and only a few
were identified, among them those of Cap
tain Coult and Hills. Fifteen
of the lost sailors were married.
Tho ship Louise Lamont was lost during
the Bamo* storm ;with sixteen men and
nothing was heard of any of them. The
bark Hawaiian Isles was overdue and
fears were expressed for her, but eh© ar
rived safely. . , ,
Advices have been received from the
Healers on tho Japanese coast. They had
bad weather, but nad secured fair catches.
The Charlotta G. Cox had 400 nkliui on
April 25; tho Director, 220 on April 23, and
tho Vera 200 on tho game date.
Thirty-Two Men Perish
Off the Australian
Coast.
MARINES DIE
IN THE TEMPEST
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Among Postoffices and
Rural Free Delivery Es- ,
tablished.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— These orders
have been issued by the Postofflce De
partment: • -, •-. ,< w . , s .- .-;>?.- , •
Fostoffice . established: Washington—
Van Horn, Skagit County, James V. Van
Horn Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Belle H. Terry, Cool; Justus A. Wilkin
son, Live Oak; Henry O. Purlnton, Plain
field. Oregon— M. F. Olin. West Portland.
Appointed: California— Caroline Drahus,
San Quentin, Marin County, vice Edella
Edwards, resigned. Oregon— William R.
Coleman. Phoenix, Jackson County, vice
William F. Towne. resigned; C. E. Hedge,
Sylvan, Multnomah County, vice Oscar F.
Cooke. removed.
Rural free delivery established July 1-
California— Kingsburg. FVesno County,
one carrier, length of route twenty-four
miles, area covered twenty square miles,
population served 800, houses on route 173,
Carrier C. H. Rosendahl. Santa Clara,
Santa Clara County, one carrier, length of
route twenty-seven miles, area covered
twenty-eight square miles, population
served 700, houses on route 135, Carrier L.
A. Morrison.
Salaries of Postmasters: Increased, viz.
—Anaheim, from $1300 to $1400;- Colton,
$1300 to $1400; Corning, $1300 to $1600; Clov
erdale, $1200 to $1300; Colusa, $1000 to $1700.
Decreased- Alameda, $2800 to $2700; Arcata,
$1200 to $1200.
Pensions were issued to-day as followa:
California— Original— Kmory Wins:, Eure
ka, $6; W, Armlger, Sun Jose, $8. Increase
—David Lawton, Garden Grove, $17; James
F. Newman, San Jo«o, $8; De Witt C. Al
bright. Bishop, $8; Amos Lunt. Ban Ra
fael, $12. .Original widows— Hattlo Mcln
tlre, Loh Angeles, $8; Frances !¦:. Dlckln
0on, Ban Francisco, $8.
Oregon— Original— Joseph Pollock. High
land, $8. Increase— Jumes K. Leubo, $10.
Orifflrmi wldoww— Desire Wild, Myrtla
Point, $8; Dacy J. Stidham, Central Point,
$12.
Washington— Original— Hiram Holmes,
Meyer* Falls, $8. Supplemental— Henry
N. Ordcciv, North Yakima,-$4. Renewal-
John M. Beckett, Prosser. Increase-
Charles N. Hoffman. North Yakima, $10;
Benjamin T. Stark, Columbus. $12; Orlan
do G. Cooper, Spokane, $8. Original wid
ows—Alvira A. Young, Olympla, $8; Al
bertina Haeger, Delphi, $8.
PRISONER IS CAUGHT
BY A VISITING SHERIFF
8AN QUENTIN, May 16.— A negro con
vict, T. J. Thomas, tried to escape from
the prison grounds this forenoon. Shortly
before 1 o'clock his capture was effected
by Sheriff W. A. Hammel of Los Ange
les, who has been, visiting: the Warden
for tha cast week.
Thomas has been ill for some time and
was set to work in a hay field west of
the prison. This morning he and several
other convicts were cocking hay in the
field. They were in charge of Guard
Daniel Gage. While Gage was watching
the other convicts Thomas slipped away.
It was ten 'minutes before an alarm was
given. Then the hills were- covered by
mounted guards. The Los Angeles Sher
iff assisted in - the search and found
Thomas in a barn on the road to San
Rafael. The fugitive had discarded his
his prison suit and was in his underwear.
He surrendered without a fight.- He is
serving forty, years' imprisonment " for
burglary in Alameda' County.
Incendiaries Are Suspected.
LODI, May 16.— A fire/ of supposed incen
diary origin destroyed the carriage and
blacksmith shop of I. J. Hill this morning.
Prompt action by the volunteer fire de
partment saved the block . from destruc
tion. .--During the fire the odor of coaloil
was noticeable. The loss is $700 and the
insurance $150. _
Native I>aughters Name Delegates.
WOODLAND, May 15.— Woodland Parlor
No. 90, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, on Tuesday evening elected Miss
Kate Simmons and Miss Annie Schluer
delegates and Miss Nelle Bumbaugh and
Mrs. Amiel Morris alternates to the Grand
Parlor. , x -
The bloodshed came after a day of
peace. From c-arly morning the crowds
had melted away before bayonets and
shotguns, cars had been operated under
guard, and there was an impression that
the spirit of turbulence was waning.
There had been some minor demonstra
tions, particuiarly in North Albany, but
not a shot had been fired, and as the day
passed the running of cars attracted little
attention. The volley fired on Broadway
Bloodshed After Day of Peace.
William Walsh, a merchant, was killed.
The fatally injured are LeRoy Smith, a
merchant, shot by National Guardsmen,
and William Marshall, a non-union motor
man, skull fractured. Others most seri
ously injured are: George Booze, citizen,
cheek ripped open by bayonet; William
Rooney. citizen, shot by National Guards
men; Gilbert Hall, non-union motorman,
injured by mob.
One man killed, two other men fatally
wounded, hundreds of others with broken
heads and cut faces; cars running merely
as arsenals, with no patrons; the city
under martial rule, with its citizens in a
frenzy of excitement, and the city author
ities and leaders of the strikers trying to
get the railway company to come to an
amicable settlement, was the situation
when darkness put an end to the strife
growing out of the street-car strike to
night.
Meantime Major General Roe intends to
take every precaution and at midnight
ordered out the Ninth Regiment of New
York. It will arrive here to-morrow after
noon, 800 strong, and if the strike is not
settled will assist in opening up the other
lines of the traction company In this city.
With the addition of the Ninth Regiment
to-morrow there will be over 3000 Guards
men in Albany.
ALBANY./*. T., May 16.— Five hours of
conference to-night with all the warring
elements represented failed to settle the
Albany strike of street railway employes.
The strikers waived all the demands for
the removal of the non-union men. The
executive committee of the United Trac
tion Company will consider the proposition
in th»j morning- and may accept it and
settle the strike.
One May Killed, Two Fatally Wounded and
Hundreds Injured the Record of a Day's
; Attempt to Run Cars With Non-Union Men
MILITIA SHOOTS DOWN
CITIZENS OF ALBANY
DCRBAX. May IS.— In regard ' to the
Question raised in the House of Commons
as to whether Zulus had been employed
to raid Boer stock in the Vryheid district,
full details have been sent to the Right
Hon. James Bryce, member for the South
Dix-ision of Aberdeen, by a member of
the Natal Legislature. This statement
shows that this a dangero-uc employment;
that It is contrary to the policy of the
colony, and that it was done without con
sultation with the civil or native authori
ties. The protests of the Prime Minister
¦were unavaling and the proceeding is
6trong-ly resented. It is believed here that
Bome officers exceeded their instructions.
At daybreak mounted scouts, composing
a. part of the garrison, made a sortie,
•while at the same time the British opened
fire with Nordenfeldts on the Boers, who
scattered. Colonel Tupper followed the
retreating burghers until nigrhtfall, when
the chase was abandoned. One scout
was severely wo-unded.
Later advices are to the effect that the
Boers are still in the vicinity of Kraii
Pan.
CAPE TOWX, May 16.— Four parties of
Boers visited Krail Pan, south of ilafe
klng. Cape Colony, on the morning of
May 10. During the night they took a
position on the kopje from which the
Boer suns opened fire on October 12, ltf«9.
They pillaged the natives who were living
en the kopje, killing two and seriously
wounding three others. Then they creot
up on the earrison at a siding-, but the
sentry discovered the presence of the
burghers and their attempt at EurrTlse
was frustrated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dangerous Employment of
Zulus to Raid the Stock
Farms.
Natives Are Pillaged and
British Garrison Is
Attacked.
RAIDING BOERS
AT KRAII PAN
A beefsteak dipped in liquid air be
comes as hard as stone and can be ground
into a fine powder.
by a squad of Twenty-third infantrymen,
in which LeRoy Smith and William
Walsh, well-known citizens, fell mortally
wounded, cnanged all that. It stirred
anew the feeling of hatred as the excited
tidings swept through the city, and the
Guardsmen were bitterly denounced.
Neither of the men had been guilty of any
offense, but were caught in a crowd some
member of which had stoned the Guards
men, and by mischance were hit. The
disturbance was not a serious one, and
murder is the title applied by inflamed
public sentiment to the shooting. The
Guardsmen seem but to have followed
their orders, for they were under orders
to shoot if assaulted.
The bright prospect of a settlement of
the strike has not served to allay the
growth of vindictive feeling,' and if the
present situation continues acts of bitter
revenge and violence may be expected.
It was on the last run of the soldiers
on the cars that the tragedy of the day
occurred. The cars ¦were on Broadway
moving' northward and a constantly
swelling crowd was gathered about Union
Station. The first of the workday folk
had been released by the whistles that
sounded through the manufacturing dis
trict, and they were pouring into the
crowd. Near Columbia street - a truck
blocked the way of a car and, urged on
by the crowd, the driver refused to move
on as speedily as desired. Some one in
the crowd threw a stone, but it went wide
of its mark. The crowd was noisy and
there was much confusion. The car fin
ally moved forward into the next block,
and another stone was hurled at It.
Shots Fired by the Militia.
There was a sharp command, and as the
car slowed down four shots were fired
from it. -
LeRoy Smith lounged on the steps of his
store; William Walsh, his business neigh
bor from across the street,' was his imme
diate companion, and a small crowd hung
about near them. It was Into this crowd
that the guardsmen fired at a range of
less than twenty feet. Smith and Walsh
were both shot, in the abdomen and fell
where they stood. A third man, William
Rooney, was slightly hurt by a glancing
bullet. Some of the guards stepped from
the car and reloaded their pieces. The
startled crowd fell back at the first shot,
and a moment later the guards sprang
SEATTLE, Wash, May 16.— Following
are private advices received by mail from
Sitka, Alaska, dated .May 11:
Drs.* Moore of Skaguay and Linhart of
Juneau have been investigating the small
pox epidemic at this place and the former
says there, is no doubt of the prevalence
of. the disease despite all reports to th&
contrary. The doctors visited all the In
fected districts, the Indian ranch, Rus
sian town and the Indian mission. .¦"•/
Dr. Moore was very outspoken regard
ing existing conditions. He said there
could be no question of the seriousness of
the situation. Smallpox, generally . in a
mild form, was prevalent, and owing to
the uncleanly condition of the ranch com
bat-'ng the sicKness would be a difficult
matter, • <- • ..
¦ In Russiantown there was but two
cases; one serious. At the mission there
were found over thirty children suffering'
from smallpox. They have been treated
in the hospital, which is located a con
siderable distance from the dormitories.
Up to the present time there have been
seven fatalities, all confined to the In
dians.
. A. rigid quarantine has been placed on
the ranch, Indian policemen guarding all
entrances to the inlected quarter. Guards
have kept visitors from the homes of the
two Russians who are sick. In the last
month vaccination was general. All mem
bers of the marine guard have been vac
cinated and among the citizens vaccina
tion has been compulsory.
aboard the car and were rapidly! wheeled
from the scene. Smith and Walsh were
hurried away to hospitals for surgical
care and the angry crowd swarmed in the
street to curse and denounce the guards
men. • Walsh died at the hospital to
night. Smith Is a member of the shoe
manufacturing firm of Smith & Herrick,
and a citizen of wealth, respectability and
prominence. He is a member of the Al
bany Club and a whist expert of national
reputation. He is 50 years of age and has
a. family. Walsh was the head- of a
plumbing house and well known in busi
ness circles. Neither man had any part
other than as spectators in the demon
stration that pro%'oked the shooting.
Refrain From Further Slaughter.
The remainder of the cars made the
run to North Albany and back without
trouble, and when they reached Quail
street barn were housed for the night.
When the cars were all in, the guards in
the street were recalled.
The shooting of Smith and Walsh had
a very depressing etfect upon the mem
bers of the Twenty-third Regiment and
to-night, when stones were hurled at the
plcketmen around the Quail-street barn,
they did not fire in the dark. Two pri
vates were hit and hurt, but they did not
care to take a chance by firing-. It was
held by the officers and men generally
that the order to fire was entirely justi
fied, but there was general regret at the
consequences of the volley.
Thirty Children Said to Be
Suffering From the i ¦
Disease.
Epidemic at an Alaska
; Town Causes Wide
spread Alarm.
SMALLPOX RAGES
I N THE NORTH
THE SA-N FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901.
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
Trips in the World ,
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For rates and information call
at office, i New Montgomery street.' .
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
3
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Thousands of Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy SWAMP-ROOT Will Do for YOU, Every
Readerof "The Call" May Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
TO READERS OP THE CALL:
Si • "About eighteen months ago I had a very severe spell of sickness. I was ex-
"tremely sick for three weeks,- and when I finally was able to leave my bed I was
left with excruciating pafns in my back. My water at times looked very like cof-
' fee. -.-I could 'pass but little at a time, and then only alter suffering great pain. My
condition was such that I had no . strength and was all run down. Tha
dootors said' my kidneys were not affected, and while I
' Did Not Kfjow I Had Kidney. Trouble,
• I- somehow felt certain that my kidneys were the cause of my trouble. My sister.
..Mrs. C. E.'Llttlefleld of Lynn, advised m© to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a
trial. I procured a bottle, and inside of three days commenced to get relief. I fol-
lowed up that bottle with another, and at the completion of this one found I was
completely cured. My. strength returned and to-day I am as well as ever. My busi-
ness is that of canvasser, I am on my feet a great deal of the time and have to
use much energy in. getting around. My cure is therefore all the more remarkable
and is exceedingly gratifying to me." : .'<-.¦¦ *,-.
' • 417 High Rock street, Lynn, Mass. '•'fljM.J&Sk ffi&t4&y~
Swamp-Root So Pleasant to Take.
: "You have no idea how well I feel. I am
satisfied that I do "" not need ' any more
medicine, .as I am . in "as . good health as I
ever was in my life." ' So says Mrs. Mary.
Engelhard of 2835 Madison street. ". St.
Louis. Mo.; to a reporter of the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
"For more than ten. years I suffered
with what the doctors termed female
trouble, also heart trouble, with swelling
of the feet arid limbs. Last summer, I felt
so .badly that T thought I had not long to
live. I consulted doctor after doctor and
took their medicines, buf felt no better. A
friend recommended me\ to try Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and I must say I de-
rived immense benefit almost from the
first week. I continued the medicine, tak-.
Ing It regularly, and I am now In splendid
health. The pains and , aches have • all
gone. I have recommended Swamp-Root
to all my friends, and told them what it
has done for me. \I will gladly answer any
one who desires to write me regarding my
case. I most heartily indorse Swamp-
Root from every standpoint. There is
such a pleasant taste to Swamp-Root, and
it goes right to the weak spots and drives
them out of the system." -
; Made a Now Woman of Me.
-'•' "During (three years . I was frequently
attacked . with severe spells of sickness.
Many of these tick spells kept me in bed.
dangerously ill, from three weeks to three
months, . under the constant care of the
best physicians of Kansas City. The doc-
tors never told me I had anvthlngr the
matter of my kidneys, but I did not know
for sure.
"Some doctors pronounced my case gall
stones, and said I could not live without
a surgical operation, to which I would
never consent. A friend suggested I try
Dr." Kilmer's Swamp-Root. I began to
take Swamp-Root regularly, and when I
had used only three 50-cent bottlea I felt
fine and "was able -to do more work than
I had 3one in four, years. It has made a
new. woman of me." I have had only one
slight- attack since I began -to take
Swamp-Root, and that was caused by be-
ing drenched with rain and catching cold.
Stomach trouble had bothered me for
years and had become chronic. I am now
44 . years of age and feel much younger
than I did ten years ago.. I freely give
this testimonial for the benefit of those
who have suffered as I have."
Proprietress of Criswell Housef 211 West
Fifth street,, Kansas City, Mo.
•Sample Bottle- of Swamp-Root Sent Free.
If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney, ilver or bladder trouble, or If
there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, immediately, without cost to
you, a sample bottle of the wonderful remedy. Swamp-Root, and a book contain-
ing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from
men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure to say that you read
this generous offer In the San Francisco Dally Call. - <
Women as Well as Men Are Mad9
Miserable by Kidney and
j Bladder Troubles.
It used to be consiaered that only urin-
ary and bladder troubles were to be traced
to the kidneys, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases have their
beginning in the disorder of these most
Important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work. So when your kidneys
are weak or out of order you can under-
stand how quickly your entire body Is af-
fected and how every organ seems to fall
[ to do its duty.
f If you are sick or "feel badly ,** begin
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Hoot, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one. »
Many women suffer untold misery
because the nature of their disease
is not correctly understood; in most
cases they are led to believe that
womb trouble or female weakness of
some sort is responsible for their
many ills, when in fact disordered
kidneys are the chief cause of their
distressing troubles.
Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in thi
back, weakness or bearing down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine,
with strong odor, frequent desire to pass
It night or day, ¦with scalding or burning
sensation — these are all unmistakable
signs of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there Is any doubt In your mind as to
your condition, take from your urine oh
rising about four ounces, place it in s
glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination It is milky
or cloudy, if there Is a brickdust settling,
or if small particles float about in it. your
kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
tion.
Other symptoms showing that you need
Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness,
irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow,
unhealthy complexion, plenty of ambition
but no strength.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
used in the leading hospitals, recommend-
ed by physicians In their private practice
and is taken by doctors themselves, fee-
cause they recognize in it the greatest
and most successful remedy that science
has ever been able to compound.
If ( you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and ?1 bottles
at the drugstores everywhere.
llipjr In Union
I '\m m th Our ready-to-wear cloth- |ll ||| |||||| |
II H til ins is a|1 un5on rnade - k 11 1 nil
i;l if! I »(fln comprises everything in suits j| || Iff
\ I Li |iij| J \M and overcoats — every suit- 111 III 111 f
\N m$l\ llvllll a^ e rnateria '» pattern and |)| IJI ||| I
v iR^ styie at a!m ° st every p rke pill m if!^
~~^^§Pli e § arments are made by j^^^^^^^^jmi /^
union labor in our own light, «^^ Mmr
clean, airy workshops. . vS5@r
Buy direct from the makers — you get good union-made clothing at
money-saving prices.
Boys' Clothing Department
This department proves to be a delight to mothers. It is spacious, com-
fortable and light. There is plenty, of room to display the goods and' "plenty, of
I iight to see how they look.
But that which appeals most to practical mothers is the low prices. The
clothes are made by us— you buy direct from the makers and save all middle-
The stock is the largest on this coast — it comprises everything desired in
children's, bsys' and youths' cio hing, hats and furnishings.
Baseball outfit free wi-h every boy's overcoat or suit from $2 56 up. v
ted catalogue now '('¦¦J[>\'b V ? t • , -<s,y x»^ cloihing, furnish- :
being printed. 718 Market Street. ings or hats. : /SOUVENIR FOR
THE PRESIDENT
"Water Front Notes. .
The Pacific. Steam Navigation Com
pany's Guatemala sails for Central and
South American ports to-day. She will
take away twenty cabin passengers arid
a very large general . cargo.
' The Norwegian steamer Horda struck a
rock while leaving Oyster Harbor yester
day and had to. put Into Royal Roads.
She will be surveyed and will probably
come on to San Francisco with her cargo
of coal to-day. ..' ,^ v -
Charles Peterson's new launch Gertrude
came over from Belvedere yesterday and
will go Into commission ta-day.
The tramp steamer Indrapura, which
brought a cargo of Jute here from Cal
cutta, goes to Seattle to enter the Oriental
trade.
Pay Millions for a Mine.
MTLTVAUKEE. May 16.— An Even
ing "Wisconsin special from Ashland. "Wis..
says the Cleve and Cliffs Mining Com
pany has Just purchased the Ashland
mine from. Haynes Bros., the considerat
ion being $2,500,000.
Will Head the Ohio Prohibition.
AKRON, Ohio. May 16.— E. J. Pinney of
Cleveland was nominated for Governor by
the Prohlblton State Convention, in ses
sion here to-day.
Miss Sophie Struss, . the cashier, to give
him a $10 gold piece. She placed a $10 gold
piece on the counter, I whereupon Cohn
placed another $10 gold piece on top of
the other J10 and asked her for a $20 gold
piece. She had been warned against the
flim-flam trick, and after grabbing th«
money, called for a policeman. Miss
Sarah Cohn. cashier In a , commission
house at Front and Washington streets,
identified Cohn as the man who tried the
same trick on -her two weeks ago.
ST. PAUL, May 16.— The • Pioneer Press
to-morrow will say: Plans for a trans
portation system contemplated to encircle
the globe are credited to J. J. Hill of the
Great Norther/i and J. Pierpont Morgan
of New York. It Is stated that but a link
to the chain Js lacking and that before
Morgan's return from Europe within a
week or two it will be supplied.
The great factors in the new system are
the Great Northern, the Great Northern
Steamship Company, Hill's trans-Paclflc
line, soon to be in operation, and the
Leyland lines recently purchased by Mor
gan. The acquisition of these lines and
the one missing link, a line between Alex
andria. Egypt, and Hongkong, China, Is
said to have been Morgan's special pur
pose In visiting Europe.
It was said by a person conversant with
the plans that the new system will ba
operative as soon as Hill's Pacific steam
ships are commissioned.
"This, mind you. does not mean the or
ganization of a single company to man
age an all-around-the-globe line." saul
the person mentioned. "As I understand
it the relations between Hill and Morgan
will result in a mutual understanding,
traffic agreements and all the other par
aphernalia of common interests, giving
the parts of the system a complete har
mony and effecting the same thing as If
all were under a single ownership "
Starting from Buffalo the Great North
ern Steamship Company, the Great North
ern Railway and Hill's trans-Pacific
steamers will give almost an air line to
Yokohama, Shanghai and Hongkong A.
link to be supplied will continue the line
to Alexandria via Singapore and Bombay
and from Alexandria Morgan lines will
connect the Mediterranean ports. Liver
pool and London. The Leyland line gives
direct connection with London and Phil
adelphia and Liverpool and New York
and roads controlled by the Morgan-Hill
interests complete the last division with
connections into Buffalo.
Plans for Transportation
Credited to Hill and
Morgan.
Prayers for Mrs. McKinley.
Rabbi Isidore Myers held a special ser
vice at the Bush-street Synagogue yester
day and offered up an Impressive prayer
for the speedy recovery of Mrs. McKinley.
SYSTEM FORMED
TO SPAN GLOBE
your favor of April 25 from 'Washington. D. C.
In which you say that the subject of my tele
gram to the President — the Big Basin redwood
grove of -Santa Cruz County and tha proposed
horseshoe drive — will be given consideration
after your arrival here.
The untoward events of the past few days
have denied the President the opportunity of
seeing: our riant redwood trees. In the preser
vation of which we are so much Interested. It
was our intention to present to him
an album descriptive and illustrative
of ' the famous Rig Basin. Time has.
however, been lacking in which to com
plete what we believe will prove a beautiful
ami worthy memento. In the meantime, as a
pledge of our rood faith, we have requested
George E. Morse Ksq. to hand to you for th»
President a. small album somewhat hurriedly
prepared containing a brief description and a
few photographic illustrations of the grove,
for the acquisition of which our State Legis
lature has appropriated |230,0CO.
If the President will accept this little evi
dence cf our good will and our regret that he
was not able to. see these wonder trees we
shall do ourselves the honor later on of for
warding to Washington the larger and more
beautiful album.
Mr. Morse has kindly consented to call upon
you to-morrow for the purpose of this pre
sentation to • the President by proxy through
you, his honored secretary. Very truly yours.
JOHN S. MATHESOX.
San Francisco, May 13, 190L
Unitarian Dinner Postponed.
The meeting of the Unitarian 7 Club that
was set for this evening at the Merchants'
Club and was to have been in the form
of b. dinner at which John D. Long, Secre
tary of the Navy, was to have been the
jrue-st of honor, has been Indefinitely post
poned on account. of the illness of Mrs.
McKinley, Secretary Long not wishing to
take part ¦ in any social, functions . while
the President Is in seclusion.
Press Club Reception.
The visiting newspaper men who accom
panied the Presidential party from Wash
ington will be given a reception in the
rooms of the Press Club this evening.
Cards have been sent to the offices of all
the newspapers of the city, and all news
paper men. members of the club or other
wise, have been invited to be present.
There wlll-.be a programme and some bo
hemian refreshments, and a pleasant
evening is promised. S
District Attorney Woods Prosecuted.
Dr. Cabell Whltehead, manager of the
Alaska Banking and Safe Deposit Com
pany, has been cited to appear before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock to testify as to the conduct of United
States District Attorney Joseph L. "Woods
of Nome City in the contempt proceedings
connected with the service of ¦ the writ
of supersedeas issued by the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. White
head's testimony will show that Woods
refuted to turn over to the United States
Marshal, in obedience to the writ of bu
pcrsedeas, the keys of the vault in which
Receiver Alexander McKenzie had stored
the gpld dust taken from the mines in liti
gation. His testimony, together, with that
. of others, will be used in the prosecution
cf Woods for contempt of court.
WILL BE HIGHER BIDS
FOB STREET SWEEPING
Probability of Raise in Sweepers 1
Wages Will Increase the . q
Estimates.
The Board of Public Works Informed
the Board - of Supervisors yesterday that
the probability of a strike among the
street sweepers for higher wages will re
sult in high bids for the street sweeping
contract next Tuesday. The board has
asked the Supervisors for $200,000 to keep
the streets clean, and fears are expressed
that this amount will be too small by at
least $50,000 should the street sweepers win
their fight for $2 50 per day.
The sweepers are at present receiving $2
per day. and heretofore the contractors
who filed bids have figured their estimates
on that basis. As the Indications are that
the wages will be forced up to $2 50 the
contractors will undoubtedly .figure the in
crease in' the cost. There are more than
300 men affected and the Increase In wages
will represent In round numbers $50,000 for
the next fiscal year, which the contrac
tors will take into consideration.
"The battleship Ohio will be launched
at the appointed time, but all other func-
« LL the functions specially
prepared for the President
/\Wk have, been canceled, but the
/^^k cancellation does not include
/ ' the launching of the battle-
JL. JSL. ship Ohio at the Union Iron
works to-morrow. Irving' M.
Scott said yesterday:
FORMER RESIDENCES OF MRS. McKINLBY IN CANTON, COLUMBUS, OHIO, AND WASHINGTON, D. C.
ASPECIAIi train stands at
the Oakland mole, ready to
carry the remains of Mrs.
McKinley. the President and
his party East In case of the
death of the noble woman
now lying !11 at the Scott
residence.
Night and day the engine and cars
attached stand silently on a siding,
ready at hurried notice to take up their
sad burden of the dead and the mourners
and start on the long funeral run.
For more than an hour yesterday morn
ing Henry T. Scott was closeted with Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt of the South
ern Pacific Company, perfecting arrange
ments In anticipation of the sad event
jhat might at any time be announced. As
a result of this consultation the special
train Is at the mole. Master of Trans
portation Richardson was called in and
under his supervision the train was
nwde up.
It Is the intention of the President, In
the event of Mrs. McKinley's death, to
lose no time in taking the body East* and
the visit of Henry T. Scott to the railroad
building and the subsequent arrangements
were no doubt made at the personal re
quest of the President.
Should the sad Journey be made the
same precautions will be used to prevent
accidents as were taken In the tour of the
Presidential party from the East. The
special will have the right of way. All
other trains will take a siding at least
half an hour before the special is due.
It Is not likely that the entire- Cabinet
would go East in this train should it be
come necessary to use it. The President,
Secretary Cortelyou and a few in
timate friends would be the only passen
gers.
The Presidential train was too heavy to
make fast time on the run out here. The
special at the mole has been made up with
a view toward fast time.
TNTERCLTJB YACHT
ASSOCIATION" MEETS
Commodore Clay Outlines a Plan
Whereby Its Threatened Dis-
solution May Be Averted.
The first meeting of the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association since last season
was held at the Merchants' Exchange on
Wednesday night, the following delegates
being present: George E. Billings and J.
R. Savory of the San Francisco "iacht
Club. Allen M. Clay and R. R. l'Homme
dieu of the California Tacht Club and T.
F. Tracy of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
Since the California. Enclnal and South
Bay yacht clubs expressed their intention
of retiring from the association, only two
clubs, the San Francisco and Corinthian,
are left in it and as three clubs are neces
sary, the body must do something to save
itself.
Commodore A. M. Clay, the trustee cf
the Macdonough trophy fund, suggested a
plan whereby the association may con
tinue to exist and to hold annual regattas.
The secretary is to write to each of the
six yacht clubs on San Francisco Bay
stating that a club may send delegates to
the association without payment of any
fee or subscription, and that the expentts
of the annual regatta will be met, not by
an arbitrary and varying assessment, bat
by the payment on the part- -of each club
of an amount proportioned to the number
of yachts entered under its flag in che an
nual races. , There will be no fixed dues,
the current expenses and the costs of the
regatta being borne proportionately to the
number of entries. One plan suggested is
that each owner, managing owner or
charterer of a yacht should pay $2 to the
club from which the yacht is entered, and
each member of the crew $L This plan
will enable all the yacht clubs to remain
members of the association without ex
pense, and to send delegates to the meet
ings.
An alternative plan is to let the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association go out of ex
istence and to form an association of
yacht owners, active members to pay $2
per annum and associate members $1. As
sociate members will receive a ticket
apiece to the tug accompanying the rac
ing yachts, and need not be members of
any yacht club to be eligible. Under the
plan proposed, the greater part of the ex
pense would fall on the Corinthian Yacht
Club, which has the largest number of
members, enters the greatest number cf
yachts and wins most of the trophies. The
Corinthian Yacht Club, through its dele
gate, ex-Commodore *T. F. Tracv, ex
pressed its entire willingness to accept
this proposed distribution of the expenses.
At last year's regatta out of about forty
entries twenty-four, or three-fifths, were
from the Corinthian Yacht Club, and of
thirteen trophies awarded eleven went to
the Tiburon yacht owners.- ". -
Should .the Stricken Lady D^^^^^^^^^^^B|i a Sad Cortege Will \Start Immediately
for the |^p|i|S|^|Mp|p|l|p|| Be Launched To-Morrow, tmt There Will Be
No Elaborate Ceremony as Planned, and All the SoGial Functions Will Be Eliminated
SPECIAL TRAIN WAITS AT THE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR PRESIDENT'S USE IF MRS. McKINLEY SUCCUMBS
THE SA1ST FEANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901
Arrested for the ; 3?lim-Flam Game.
,J.';Cohn,- who halls from Salt Lake, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by " Police-'
"man Gardiner /and booked Vat the City
Prison- on a r charge of petty / larceny.' --He
went into, a ''.commission' house at 317
"Washington , street ,¦ and ' placing a $5 gold
piece and $5 in silver on the counter, asked
Pleads for the Man Who Robbed Her.
Arthur McCluskey, who j snatched " a
satchel from Mrs.'L. S. Kennedy, on Geary
street- Monday , night, appeared before
Judge ' Mogan : yesterday.- to- answer_a
charge of . grand larceny. After the evi
dence was heard Mrs. •¦; Kennedy made a
strong plea for mercy for, • MeCluskey.
She said she understood he committed the
crime 'while suffering -from hunger. She
begged the Jucge to reduce the chargevto
petty larceny so that McCluskey, could
escape with six months' Imprisonment. for
that offense, and a similar,- sentence for
carrying a concealed weapon. "Judge Mo
gan took the matter under advisement till
to-day. '
Juggled With His Plates.
August Walters appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday on a charge of battery
preferred by P. Clary, keeper of a res
taurant at 513 Fourth street. , Clary testi
fied that Walters was In the habit of eat
ing j at the; restaurant and while waiting
for his meal juggled with the plates, to
the annoyance of the customers. "Wednes
day night' he .broke ; a plate ¦ and' a light
followed. CJary blackened both of Wal
ters' eyes , and Walters hit . Clary on the
headr with a bottle of catsup.- A police
man was callcl in, and thinking that'the
catsup on Clary's ¦; head was blood, rang
for the ambulance. '.The mistake was dis
covered" before 'the ambulance arrived.
Clary told the Judge that if Walters would
remain away from his place he would not
ask ' to have him - punished. ' Walters gave
the desired promise and the case was dis
missed. -:•" ¦¦ - • - ¦•:•¦¦•
SEEKS TO RECOVER .
©'HARE'S ESTATE
Margaret L. Gowdey Sues Thomas G.
Jacques, His. Wife and
. Children.
An action was instituted yesterday by
Margaret L. Gowdey, as guardian of the
person and estate of Joseph .O'Hare,
against Thomas G. Jacques, Thomas G.
Jacques Jr., Caroline E. Jacques an<5 Bea
trice C. Jacques, to recover $60,192 36.
which it is alleged the defendants secured
from O'Hare through unlawful and undue
influence and In accordance with a con
spiracy to which It is alleged the defend
ants are all parties. During the * hearing
of the kidnaping case against' Jacques in
the Police Court it developed that ne had
gained possession of O'Haro's thousands
and the suit to recover the. same Is the
result.
I It is averred that In addition to procur
ing the sum named from O'Hare < the de
fendants influenced him to convey his real
property to them. The court is asked to
set these conveyances aside, revest. the
title in O'Hare and grant such other and
further relief as. the court may see fit.
The case of Thomas G. Jacques and his
wife, Caroline E. Jacques, charged with
kidnaping Joseph O'Hare, was again
called in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
morning. Dr. O. Burgess, the : Jacques
family physician, was called and testified
that Jacques had broken down under a se
vere mental 6traln; and that it would' be
four or five days before he would be able
to be out of bed again. '.-•¦.
Attorney Cannon asked that the case be
continued till Saturday morning. and sug
gested that if Jacques did not appear then
another physician should be called in to
report upon his condition.
Attorney Knight, for the . defendants,
characterized tho suggestion as, indecent.
Dr. Burgess, he said, was a reputable
physician of thirty-flve years', practice in
the city and as such an Insinuation should
not be leveled at him.' . . ¦, v -
There was . a warm • Interchange of ¦ re
marks between the attorneys, In which
the Judge took a hand. .. The storm was
finally quelled and it was decided that' the
case should be continued till ; Monday
morning to -give Jacques time ¦ to recu
perate ¦ -¦-*-'¦. e - . . . • :
Conveniently Out When
Papa Calls With
Revolver.
Joseph M. Bonaclna," proprietor of the
Grand Southern Hotel at the corner of
Seventh and Mission streets, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a charge of carry
ing and exhibiting in a threatening man
ner a loaded revolver. The charge was
preferred against him by the janitor of
the building in which the Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance Company's office Is situ
ated, corner of Montgomery and Sacra
mento streets. He was subsequently re
leased on $250 cash bail.
The trouble is alleged to have grown
out of a love affair, in which Bonacina' s
daughter is said to be Involved. An em
ploye of the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance ; Company is reported , to- have won
the affections of the young lady and re
quested her hand in marriage. Afterward
he became fickle and -repenting of his
choice refused -to carry, out his portion of
the contract. ". . '¦ *
Bcnacina, after trying in vain to peace
fully induce the insurance man to return
his daughter's affections, so the story
runs, resolved yesterday to resort to more
effective measures.' He -secured a fully
loaded revolver and, accompanied by his
daughter, sought the office of the Mutual
Life for the purpose of coming to an un
derstanding : with the man who* had . won
the girl's affections. 1 It .happened that
when Bonacina arrived at . the ' office he
was informed that the young man was
not In and was requested to leave the
building. He grew very Indignant and is
reported to have, drawn his revolver and
threatened to shoofthe janitor, who made
the request. Officers Chase and Thomas
Flynn were summoned and Bonacina was
placed under arrest. ' ' ' ; , •
INSURANCE MAN
IS NOT AT HOME
Electrical Decorations
on Building Are to
Remain.
. . : ¦ ¦¦¦.... ••¦; " .
The executive committee arranging , for
the Epworth League .Convention, which
gathering is to be held in San Francisco
from July 18 to 21 next, has through the
Rev. Thomas Filben. asked that 1 the elec
trical decorations now -on. the Claus
Spreckels building, the ferry building and
the City Hall be allowed to remain for the
event named: .......
- As far as: the Call building is concerned
the v request has been granted. ,
Besides the Epworth League Convention
there will. be held In this city in July the
National Schuetzen Bund. -From all parts
of the country visitors will come. Thou
sands will take : advantage of the special
rates and become San Francisco's guests.
The city will agaln.be decorated with the
dress that befits a celebration. As a nu
cleus of illumination.it is desired that the
three buildings named retain their present
decorations for -both the big. events. No
doubt many others will be added to the
list upon the request of the proper com
mittees; .
CALL PROMPTLY
GRANT'S REQUEST
sociation went to a Market-street restau
rant, where they partook of the fourth an
nual banquet. The retiring president,
Mrs. Maude Chase, was toastmistress and
after the supper she called on a number
of those present to speak..
Rebskah Drill Corps.
The banquet hall of j the Odd Fellows'
building was crowded last night with
many members of the order,' including
representatives to the Grand Lodge and
delegates to the Rebekah assembly, to
witness an exhibition drjll by the San
Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2,
Captain Allie Parker. The drill was given
with that perf ectness which • has marked
previous exhibitions and' was loudly ap
plauded. After the drill there was a ball,
which lasted, until midnight. :
The time' of the delegates to the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Od3
Fellows was taken up yesterday in the
election of officers for the ensuing term,
the result being as follows:
William* Nicholls Jr. of Dutch Flat, grand
master; M. G. Gill of Red Bluff, deputy grand
master; C. W. Baker of Sacramento, grand
warden; George T. Shaw of San Francisco,
Brand secretary (re-elected); J. W. Harris of
San Francisco, grand treasurer (re-elected);
C. O. Burton of Kan Francisco. John Glasson
of Git.es -Valley and J. F. Nichols of San
Francisco, grand trustees; A. C. Bates of San
Jcse and John Morton of San Mateo, trustees
of the Odd Fellows' Home. y
Grand Master W. W. Watson was elect
ed as representative to the Sovereign
Grajid Lodge. There were seven candi
dates for the office of grand warden, and
there were three ballots before the suc
cessful candidate was elected. There was
a rave of fraternal justice that swayei
the vote In favor of the Sacramento can
didate. The late J..L. Robinette of Sac
ramento had been elected grand warden,
and when he was promoted deputy grand
master "WV W. Watson was chosen grand
warden. A few months after Mr. Robi
nette had been inducted into the office
which was to advance him to the posi
tion of grand master he was taken sick
and in a few months died. The death was
followed by the advancement of Mr. Wat
son, and at the following term the posi
tion, which should have gone to the rep
resentative from Sacramento, went, in the
natural course of events, to San Fran
cisco. "There were many in the Grand
Lodge who, believing that Sacramento
having been by death robbed of a grand
master, concluded that it was. but just
to that city to place in line for promo
tion another Sacramento Odd Fellow, who
two years hence will become the grand
master. On the third ballot those who
favored that Idea gained sufficient repre
sentatives to win out.
After the election the reports of a num
ber of committees, including that on reso
lutions to the memory of the late George
H. Morrison, P. G. P., and that on hon
ored dead, were adopted.
A proposition was made to continue the
committee on home location -for another
year and give it the following instruc
tions: . %
It shall within eight month* file its report
with the grand secretary, setting forth, so far
as can be ascertained, an estimate in detail
of the cost of any one or more home sites
recommended by them, including the cost of
lands, if any, the cost of necessary buildings
and improvements, furnishing and equipping
the same, and all other expenses incidental to
the establishing of a new. home, and said
committee shall also submit such recommenda
tions as' may seem " to them practical concern
ing ways and means for raising the necessary
moneys to defray such cost and expenses. Im
mediately upon receiving such report' the grand
secretary" shall cause copies of the same to be
printed and distributed among the subordinate
lodges, at the same time requesting the lodges
to carefully consider said report and transmit
to the grand secretary not less than ten days
before the Grand Lodge meets in 190? such
recommendations as the . subordinate lodges
shall adopt in the premises.
The advisability of taking action on the
recommendation of the committee that
the .White tract near Alum Rock be ac
cepted was the matter for discussion for
the rest of the afternoon, but no action
was taken in either case, and debate was
postponed until to-day.
California Assembly.
At yesterday's session of the California
session of the Rebekahs the entire morn
ing was taken up in the election of the
following named officers, who. are to
serve during the ensuing term: . ; ¦
Mrs. Nellie Mitchell of Grass Valley, presi
dent; Mrs. Ada Madison of San Dieeo. vice
president; Alma Isabel Jensen of San Fran
cisco, warden; Mary E. Donoho of San .Fran
cisco, secretary (re-elected); Annie.. M. Lelse
of East Oakland, treasurer, and Mrs. George
T. Bbaw trustee for the Orshans' Home.
The last named were re-elected ..In
recopnition of the valuable services they
have rendered to the order. During the af
ternoon the assembly was addressed by
Representative to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge Karl Breuck, who gave the dele
gates instructions In 1 the work of the or
der and answered many' questions pro
pounded by them.-
Veteran Rebekahs Banquet.
The Veteran Rebekahs held their annual
election, last evening: and the 'following
named were chosen to serve for the en
suing term: Mattle Swan, president; Annie
Samuels, vice president; M. A. Dallas,' sec
retary; Sarah J. Knight, treasurer; Fan
nie Tv-McCall.. marshal; Fannie Benjamin,
carrie Warner, Mrs. A. J. Williston, Sarah
M. Wolf, Mary. A. Thorndyke,' Alma I.
Jensen and Helen M.Sheppard, directors.
The past presidents axe Helen G. I Peter
son, Lydia J. Plnkham and Maude Chase.
After the election the members of the 'as-
Fraternal' Justice to the
Odd Fellows of Sac
ramento.
ELECT OFFICERS
OF GRAND LODGE
the President will not participate, the school chlldraa's reception will be held this
¦ '•. morning as planned. The members of the Cabinet nave consented to make an exception in favor
1 of the youth of the city and represent the President at this reception. Hie Board of Education
met last night and decided that the plans should be carried out as arranged. The pupils of the
public schools are notified to follow instructions originally given them as to the time of assemblage
and the positions to be occupied by the various schools. The reception begins about 9:30 a. m., at
which time tho carriages containing the members of the Cabinet will start on the drive between the lines
of school children massed along th-j sidewalks of Van Ness avenue, between Jackson and Market streets.
RECEPTION BY SCHOOL CHILDREN
WILL BE HELD TO-DAY AS PLANNED
The following letter has been addressee}
to Secretary Cortelyou:
Hon. George B. Cortelyou, Secretary to
President— Dear Sir: I have to acknowledge
tlcns have been declared off."
The gift devised by the workmen of the
shipyard for presentation to- the President
will be sent to Washington and presented
to him at some, appropriate time. The
Knights Templar will also send to Wash
ington the beautiful silken flag with gold
mounted staff, which they intended to
present to the President in this city.
The Union . League Club rooms, beauti
fully decorated with roses and bronze
leaves, were open yesterday for the enter
tainment of jfuest3 from. Ohio and other
States. Many non-resident members who
came to the city expecting: to attend the
luncheon in honor of the President re
turned to their respective homes last
evening. A notice posted In the club In
formed members and others that the func
tions arranged in honor of the President
had been declared off.
4
r^N sive. It requires immense §£l
5>'Q| ' .. \ refrigerating rooms (ours iSB
|j$§ hold 265,000 barrels) and an even temperature of 34 Sri
gll degrees. Fermentation is a process of months. fri
/ha Schlitz brewery. If you wish to <*i—£GbSm?S25&^ Ifea
jTS 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- SS£S
•«'«a wood,212MarketSt.,SanFranci3co *^*51REV. DR. HENRY COLLIN* MIN
TON, ELECTED MODERATOR OF
THE PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL
ASSEMBLY.
the roll of commissioners was called and
the organization of the assembly effected.
Nominations for moderator were declared
in order, and Dr. Roberts of Danville.
Ky., placed the name of Rev. Dr. Purves
before the assembly. In making the nomi
nation Dr. Roberts spoke in the most
glowing terms of the qualifications and
capabilities of Dr. Purves. The nomina
tion was seconded by Rev. Dr. James E.
Moffatt of Cumberland. Md., and Rev.
Dr. Herrick Johnson of Chicago.
Plea Made for the West.
Rev. Dr. Minton was placed in nomina
tion by Rev. Dr. Hugh K. Walker of Los
Angeles, Cal., who paid a high tribute to
the character of his candidate.. He asked
for Dr. Minton's 'election, also on- the
grounds of justice and fair play, claiming
that the West was entitled to the honor
of- possessing tho moderator, as the high
office had in the history of the Presby
terian church been held . by only three
men west of the Mississippi.
President Janes D. Moffatt of Washing
ton and Jefferson College, /in seconding
Dr. Minton's nomination, said the time
had arrived when the general ' assembly
should be made a continental congress.
Rev. Dr. Edgar P. Hill- of Portland, Or.,
and Hon. F. T. Roots of Connecticut also
seconded Dr. Minton's nomination.
No other candidates were placed in the
field, and the roll being called, the vote
resulted as stated.
Dr. Minton was escorted to the pulpit by
Dr. Walker and Dr. Moffatt and made a
brief address to the assembly. He said:
Frisnds and Brethren: You will believe me
sincere when I say I thank you with all my
heart for this expression of your confidence. I
am sure I do not underestimate its dignity
and Importance nor your generosity and kind
ness. When I remember that you must have
passed by the beloved and distinguished brother
whose name was coupled with mine I must be
pardoned for expressing my genuine surprise at
my election. I thank you in the name of Cali
fornia, in the name of home missions. I am
bound to throw myself upon youY indulgence.
My faults will be many and obvious. . ln the
kingdom of Christ greatest are they who serve
and eerve well. I hope the spirit of brotherly
love will preside over all our deliberations.
Protests Against Peoria Plan.
A motion by Rev. Dr. NIcblls to non
concur in the "Peoria plan," which places
the appointment of standing committees
with the assembly instead of the mod
erator, and which was adopted by the St.
Louis general assembly, elicited a storm
of protest. As this is the first year of the
plan, the assembly decided to give It a
trial, and Dr. NIcolls' motion was laid on
the table.
By the "Peoria plan"' the church is di
vided into election districts, each of which
decides who of Its members shall be placed
on the several committees. The commis
sioners select their own chairman, leaving
the moderator without authority in the
matter. The committees will be selected
to-morrow and presented to the assembly
on Saturday.
At the suggestion of the committee on
arrangements the assembly decided to
meet daily at 2:30 p. m. and 8, p. m.
There was no business session to-night,
the commissioners participating In the ad
ministration of the Lord's Supper at Cal
vary Church.' • ¦
•¦ Humor, } pathos, - news . and ' illustrations
of McKiniey Week in the Presidential edi
tion" of the News Letter. . -_ ¦ ¦. .,;• •--"..•¦»¦
Bobert D. Wagstaff:
DETROIT, -May 16.— Robert D. 'Wag-
Staff, marine editor of the Detroit Free
Press, died here to-day from tuberculosis
He was unmarried and 34 years of age
High. Price Paid for a Bible.
LONDON, May 16.— A manuscript Bible,
richly Illuminated, of about the year 1410,
was sold at auction here to-day for. 1200
', USES ANOTHER'S NAMK.—B. Ghlrardell!
•was arrested yesterday ¦ on « complaint of : B
Banks, . ; a Mission liven* stable keeper .The
charge against ; Ghirardelli Is that he hires
horses from stables, • representing himself to be
of. the firm of . Ghirardelli &Co., and after
ward • refuses to . nay the hire.- ..
Desirable Apartments.
For permanent or transient: guests the
Hotel Noveau, 312 Stockton street, has at
tractions and advantages not possessed by
any other, hotel— moderate charges, cen
tral location. • :¦•;', ,•_:
Bicycle Races at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. May- 1C— E. Brown, O.
P. W., eighty yards, won the mile ama
teur handicap at the Velodrome to-night;
A. Brown, >05 yards, second, and Back
rath, scratch, third. Time, 2:101-5. There
were nine starters in the final and on
entering the stretch six of them went
down, but no one was seriously injured.
The three-mile professional motor- race
was won by Dyer and Blanchard. Time,
4 :o6 4-5. .
CHICAGO, May 16.— John J. Mitchell;
president of the Illinois Trust and Savings
Bank of Chicago, has entered into com
bination with John W. Gates, also of this
city, and his friends to enlarge the plant
and extend the field of the. Colorado Fuel
ana iron Company, one of the great steel
companies of the country that* Is in open
competition with J. P. Morgan's billion
dollar combine. ¦ - •
: Mitchell .returned to-day' from New
£>/£• *t r i° he - 6 P«nt^ two. weeks In ar
ranging this and other great business
Tti H , e ""^unced that in. connection
XLLi *^ r & *? o; of New York he had
placed the entire amount of.. a $6,000,000
bond issue for the Colorado Company and
he announced that he would enter the dl
re #°raV f company immediately.
The Colorado Company will af. once ex
wi?e miff 000 iQ erectln S new tlnp^ate and
"Will the company fight - the Morgan
combinat on?" Mitchell was asked.
£ " ... , be ln ac tive competition, but
there will be complete harmony "neverthe-
Banker Mitchell Will
Compete With the
Corporation;
READY TO FIGHT
STEEL COMBINE
Lohman, c 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
; Totals .......32 1 5 1 27 16 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. -
Los Angeles.... 3 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1—6
Base hits 2 0 10 0 111 0—6
Oakland 00100000 0— I
Base hits 0 0 1 1.0 1 110-5
. . SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Rellly, - Arrellanes. Sacrifice
hit — Briseno. First . base on • errors — Los An
geles 4. j First' base on. -called balls — Los An
geles .8, Oakland 2. -.Xeft on-bases—Los-An
geles 4. Oakland 6. Struck -.out— By Hale 9.
by Babbitt 3... Double play— Francks to Decker.
Passed balls— Dunleavy 4. -Wild pitch— Hale.
Time of game — 1:35. Umpire— O'Connell. Offl-^
cial scorer— Cashman. . . -
EASTERN BASEBALL.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Clubs— "W. L. Pet. Clubs— "W. !>. Pet.
Detroit 15 6 .750 Boston 7 10 .412
Baltimore ...11 5 .688 Milwaukee ..8 12 .400
Chicago 13 7 .650 Philadelphia. 5- 12 .294
Washington. .10 6 .6251 Cleveland ...4 16 .200
BOSTON, May 16.— McGlnnlty let down
in the ninth inning and tossed them over,
Boston batting in five runs and nearly
winning. But three hits were made off
Lewis after the second inning. Attend
ance, 4279. The score:
CHbs— .. R. H. . E.
Boston 7 12 4
Baltimore 8 7 . v " 1
Batteries— Lewis and Crlsrer; McGlnnity and
Robinson. . ' .
CLEVELAND, May' 16.— Cleveland lost
to Detroit to-day on errors by Shay and
Lachance. This makes ten straight
games that Cleveland has lost. Attend
ance, 2300. Score:
Clubs— ¦¦ ' R, H. E.
Cleveland ....". '. 2 9 3
Detroit 5 9 " 0
Batteries— Braggins and "Wood; Yeager, Frisk
and McAllister. •¦ .
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Washington
to-day won ; the first game of Its series
with Philadelphia by good batting,' with
the aid of the visitors' errors at critical
points. Attendance, 4300. Score: i
Clubs— . - . . * R. H. E.
Washington ..." .12 15 '. • 4
Philadelphia... ...;. 6 . 9 4
¦ Batteries — Mercer and' Clarke; Fraser and
Murphy. . . • ¦'
CHICAGO,- May 16.-Garvln . was hit for
two singles, gave two bases and hit a
batsman in the 'first inning. Then, with,
the bases • full, : Sugden hit sharply to sec
ond and Anderson muffed the ' throw, the
entire Milwaukee teanvcame In to protest
tho decision on that play, and all four
men scored. ' Captain Duffy ] was ordered
out of the game for his. part in the argu
ment. Attendance, 4000., Score:
Clubs—' . R. H. ¦ E.
Chicago .:..::.v.*;.. 14 is 3
Milwaukee 1 6 2
' Batteries — Skopec and Sutden; Garvln. Dowl
ing. Leahy and Connor. > ' .
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
Clubs— "W. L.. Pet. ; Clubs—i V,'. I*' Pet.
Cincinnati ...13 , 7 | .650 Philadelphia.10 10 .500
New York... 10 6 -.625 Brooklyn ...j 8 11 .«1
Plttsburg :...U 9 .550 Chicago 9 14-.391
Boston ....... 9 8 .629 3t. Louis..... 8 13 .381
BOSTON, May 16.— Miserable fielding
was chiefly responsible for Boston's defeat
to-day, although the home team could not
connect with: Sudh off' s delivery with any
effect. Attendance, 1600. Score:
Cluba— ,,;..¦. , R. H.'-'e.
Boston .7.... „ 2 ' 7 6
St. Louis ... v .......". 6 9 4
¦¦- Batteries— Nichols and Klttredge; SudhofC and
Nichols. Umpire— Emslie..:
BROOKLYN, j May 16.— With the score
6 to 0 against them the, Brooklyns went
into the ninth and landed on Hahn for
three singles, a double and a triple, scor
ing four runs. Attendance,' 2600. ; Score:
Clubs—. ; '. R. H. E.
Cincinnati .....;:....".......;........ 6 12 0
Brooklyn'."..' — ••¦• — • ..4 \ 13 ¦¦ 1
Batteries— Hahn and Feitz; Donovan and Mc-
Guire.'. Umpire— Dwyer. : ¦
,. PHILADELPHIA. % May i6.— The home
team hitthe ball hard to-day and defeat
ed ¦ Pittsburg hands down. Attendance;
2600. Score: . ! , :
Clubs- - R. H. E.-
Pittsburg ............................ 2 -9 1
Philadelphia ...'..........;.12 \ rl6: - ; 4
¦ Batteries— Chesebro; Poole and O'Connor; Orth
and Jacklitsch/ Umpire— O'Day. "-/ v >," ¦ •
h NEC YORK. . May ' 16.— Chicago -broke
the New - Yorks' winning \ streak to-day,
winning a loosely played, game. Attend
ance, ¦ 5800. '. Score : ., ;
"•Clubs—^ -. R. H. ; ; E.
New York ;;....:........ ....; 3 7 4
Chicago .....:.;. .....:.... ".....¦..W..U : 02 e - a 4
-v Batteries — Doheny, - Taylor and Bowerman;
/Waddell and Klinsr: Y.UmDire— Nash. .. *
ELLIS. Karjs.. May 16.— Union Pacific
west-bound frieght train No. 11 was
wrecked by a washed-out bridge three
miles east of Sharon Springs early this
morning. Engineer Herriman and Brake
man Osborn were killed Instantly. Two
track-walkers who were at the bridge
have disappeared and it is believed they
lest their lives. The locomotive and sev
eral cars went into the river, the engine
and one car of cattlo being entirely sub
merged. .. • ' ¦
Two Trainmen Killed
in Union Pacific
Disaster.
PHILADELPHIA, May 16.— The
Presbyterian General Assembly,
which began itsll3th meeting here
to-day, disposed of two important
matters during the afternoon ses
sion. Rev. Dr. Henry C. Minton of San
Anselmo, Cal.. was elected moderator,
«nd by an emphatic vote the assembly de
rided to accept the "Peoria plan" of
'choosing standing committees, though an
offort was made to obviate the system.
Rev. Dr. Minton's only opponent was
Rev. Dr. George T. Purves of New York,
and of the 613 votes cast Dr. Minton re
ceived S37 and Dr. Purves 267.
The opening session of the General As
sembly was called • to order by Rev.
Charles A. Dickey, the retiring modera
tor, at 11 o'clock, in Calvary Presbyterian
Church, where all the business meetings
of the assembly will be held. Of the 650
commissioners there were few absentees,
end most of these •will doubtless arrive
not later than to-morrow, having been
unavoidably delayed. The entire nave of
the church was occupied by the commis
sioners and the galleries were crowded
with spectators, a large number of them
¦women.
Calvary chapel was given over to the
various local committees, who established
headquarters in the buildings in order to
he within access of the visiting delega
tions. The registration of commissioners
began at P:10 o'clock this morning, and
from that hour until convening time. Dr.
B. H. Roberts was kept busy receiving
credentials.
Reference to Sirs. McKinley.
The opening hymn. "I Love Thy Church,
Oh God." was sung by the vast assem
blage of delegates and spectators. Within
the char.cfl with Rev. Dr. Dickey were
Rev. J. AVilbur J. Chapman. New York;
Rev. Samuel J. Xicolls. St. Louis; Rev. Dr.
Herrlck Johnson. Chicago: Rev. Dr. Rob
erts, stated clerk; R»-v. Dr. William B.
Noble, permanent clerk, and Rev. Dr. J.
Sparhawk Jonep. pastor of Calvary
Church. Rc'V. Dr. Nicolls offered prayer,
Ln which he made touching reference to
thp illness of Mrs. McKinley.
Then came the s'rmon of Rev. Dr.
Dickey, who spoke for two hours on "The
Coming of the Kingdom of Christ." At
the conclusion of hi* sermon Dr. Dickey
constituted th<» assembly, the commission
ers standing during the invocation.
Recess was taken until 3 o'clock, when
WRECK CUD
BY WASHOUT
¦ Fun and hilarity, added plentifully to a
programme of good tests, made the card
of sport offered by tho Knockers' Club to
the Union Park . patrons yesterday an
event which will hold its place in cours
ing history. The affair was a complete
success, the attendance large and betting
was brisk throughout. Thirteen times did
the decision favor the short-end dog,
though the odds were slight. No matter
how the dope read tnere seemed to be an
inclination on the part of the players to
let the dogs run a: even money and in
consequence the contestants were heavily
backed. ¦ .
The advent of the chief knocker bring
ing his entry to the slipper's box was the
occasion of a noisy demonstration. In
this event Judge Grace left the saddle In
favor of Harry Edell. When the change
was made it was evident from the still
ness that had overcome the noisy crowd
that much anxiety was felt for the safety
of the new judge. His mount, an Oregon
pony bought for the German army, did
not take kindly to the change and began
to show his feelings. It looked bad for
the rider, but only for a moment. .A few
skillful moves told that Harry was a
horseman of ability, in fact a circus rider
of the time of the one- ring shows.
Judge Grace's dog had lost the- course,
score 5 to 2. No one could see where the
two points came In, but Edell has a
friendly feeling for the chief and allowed
his sympathy to carry him away.
Jim Grace from now on must look well
to his laurels, for in George McBwen Mal
colm, the Knockers' Club is possessed of
a wonder. In the early part of the stake
Malcolm did the slipping and did it well.
The praise bestowed by the fair sex was
justly earned. . >*'•> • > ¦
Mayflower won the stake, beating her
son, Black. Head, who i was held a slight
favorite over her, in a close course. Royal
Fashion took third money. . . - - .
Following: are the- official results: Lawyer
E. Ford's E. G. WV beat Telephone Delury's
Lady Davenport, 3-2; Rail Road Hick's Day
light beat J. .Jail Shepston's The Doctor, 4-0;
Long Odds Cushlng's Sir 'Van beat Man Chaser
Mann's Vixen, 6-2: Lockemup Neville's Moun
tain Belle beat Deacon Edell's CHara, 3-0;
Mixologist ; Meyer's" St. . Michael beat Brother
Jere Scannell's Old Glory, 6-0; Patrick) Doyle's
Best Bargain beat Rubber Neck Austin's lone,
4-0; Slippery Jim Knocker's Maggie N beat W.
Chaser Doyle's Banner Bright, 4-2; William Ag
nes Breen's Royal Fashion beat W. Huckleberry
Hinchman's ' Brass Button, 4-2; . My Daisy
Horn's Risky Attempt beat Byron R. Scott's
St. Ives,-4-0; Ki Yl Wat3on's Mayflower beat
Bad Boy Reid's Motto, 3-0; Jolly Morse's Ran
dom Aim- beat- Mixem Mlchillck's Korsret, 2-0;
P. Tipster Tiffany's Belle Rocket beat Fog
Horn Taylor's McKinley, 4-0; H. Dutch Kleve
sahl's Athena beat J. Benedict Halton's" Royal
Anne, 3-2; P. Referee Wand's Bowery Boy beat
G. Skyplece La Combe's Achilles. 4-0; Over-the-
Jumps Gris wold's Boney Boy beat J^Klag
Doyle's Thelma, 4-1: Emln Pasha Halton's Rol
licking Airs beat Hot Air . Titus Malcolm's
Aeneas, 4-0: Beat the Gate Mclnerney'a Roxana
beat Chief Knockers' Lilly "Wright. 5-2; Lord E.
Scott's Kager beat J. Period. Grace's Onward,
3-2; Little Teddy Hood's Miss Skyrocket beat
Hash . . House , "Walker's Kitchener, 5-2; Jake
Arctic Goodfriend's. Springback ' beat Chippy
Kincald's Pearl Mac, 6-1: Bald Head Farmer's
Have a Dash had a bye; F. Booze Price's Mag
ormlsslbib beat J. Speckled Doyle's Broken
Bracelet. 5-0; "Wild Bill Bryan's Blackhead beat
George Dough Starr's Friendly Lass. 6-0. . -
Second round— Daylight beat Ely W, 4-3; Sir
Van beat Mountain Belle, 4-1; Best Bargain
beat St. Michael. 3-2; Royal Fashion beat Mag
gie N, 3-2: Mayflower beat Risky Attempt, 3-0;
Random Aim beat McKinley, 4-1: Athena beat
Bowery Boy, 4-0; Rollicking Airs beat Boney
Boy, 4-0; Eager a bye; Springback beat Miss
Skyrocket. -3-2; Have a Dash beat Magormlssl
bib. 3-0; Blackhead a bye." 7 -- ¦ .
Third round— Daylight .beat " Sir .- Van, 5-S;
Royal Fashion beat' Best Bargain,. 7-2; May
flower beat Random Aim, 3-0; Athena beat Rol
licking. Airs, 4-0: Eager beat Sprlngback, 3-0;
Blackhead beat. Have a Dash, 8-2. " - ' .
• Fourth round— Royal Fashion beat Daylight
3-0: Mayflower beat Athena. 6-3; Blackhead beat
Eager. • 4-3. ' •• : ! --
. i Fifth round— Blackhead beat Royal Fashion
6-0; -Mayflower a bye. - " . - - -
Deciding " course— Mayflower beat"; Blackhead
9-7. ¦ ¦ >¦ ¦ ¦
Employes of Union Park
Enjoy a Novel Run
in Coursing. -
KNOCKERS' CLUB
STAKE THE EVENT
Sacramento 6, San Francisco 2.
The local team emerged from .the tilt
wlih the Senators yesterday covered with
defeat and a coating of. ill-luck. Hank's
nine bunched hits often enough to have
done better, but the goddess would not
vm'.'e and the umpire would not sea things
as they happened.
In the first inning the Senators annexed
four runs— more than sufficient to win the
game. McGucken, first up, said his pray
ers and went to the bench, but then the
fun began. I>evereaux cantered to first,
Courtney followed with a hit, McLaugh
lin, out of sheer envy, did the same thing
and Devereaux scored. > Hanlon went out.
Doyle then hit to Iburg-, who errored and
Courtney scored. ¦ Stanley followed with
a slow hit to Iburg, who threw home In
time to catch McLaughlin at the plate,
but Donohue did. not see the play and
called »the . runner * safe. -• Graham was
so confident of McLaughlln's 'plate death
that he walked away. Doyle kept on
running and crossed the rubber, making
run No. 2 that should not have been.
Then some warm words followed, all of
which were not very, complimentary to
Donohue. ', • .-•:'•¦ r* " < i
-Krug batted out a home run In the sec
ond inrdng. The score: •• -.
SAN FRANCISCO.
' / . ¦• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hlldebrand, If. :... 6 0 2 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b. 4.: 0 2 0 3 2 0
Krug, a. s .'....... 5 1 10 2 7 0
Pabst, lb. 4 0 2 0 13 0 0
Croll. cf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Holland, rf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Rellly, 3b 3 1 10 1 2 2
Graham,' c 4 0 ¦ 2 0 '2 2 0
Ibursr, p. 4 0 0 0.01 . 1
Total 36 2 11 0 24 . 14 3
SACRAMENTO.
', AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, cf. '..6 0 1.0 0 ,0 ¦ 0
Devereaux. s. s 3 1 1 2 B 1 '0
Courtney, 2b 3 2 2 0 3 3 0
McLaughlln, If. .*... 4 1 1,0 21 0
Hanlon.lb., ....4 0. 0. 0.6 0 0
Doyle, p .4 2 2 2 11 o
Stanley, c... ..2. 00 0 S 1 0
Sheehan, 3b ..4 0 1 . 010 0
Strlcklett. rf. 4 00 0 3 0 0
Totals -.'.... '..".'. ... 33 6 8 . 4 27 7 0
RUNS AND HITS BT,. INNINGS.
San Francisco..........! ; 1 -0' 0 .0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits .'.3 3 0 2 112 0 0^-11
Sacramento 4 0 0 0 100 1 •— 6
Base hits 2 0.0 0 2 0 1 3 •— 8
¦¦ ¦.•: '• 'SUMMARY. •¦ Ir.fv. ''-I '- •
Runs responsible for— Ib'ufgr 1, ' Doyle 2. Home"
run— Krog. 'Two-base hits— Pabst, .McGucken,
Courtney. SacrWce hit— Stanley. -: .First base
on errors— Sacramento 2. - First base on called
balls— San - Francisco 2, Sacramento 1 3. Lef t
on bases— San ¦ Francisco 10, Sacramento • 8.
Struck out— By Iburgr 2. by Doyle 6. Hit by
pitcher— Stanley. Double play— McLaughlin to
Stanley, to' Sheehan. Time of game— 1:45.
Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer— McFarlin. •
LOS ANGELES f WINS.
Hagged Ball Toy the Dudes ¦ Gives
LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles an Easy Game. "
LOS ANGELES, May 15.— By ' a: weird
and truly wonderful exhibition. of the na
tional game Oakland presented Los An
geles with a victory this afternoon. The^
score was 6 to.l.* Score: ;. .
;.AB. R.BH.SB.PO. A..E*
Brockhoff, 4 r. f..'.... 3 1 .0 l i o 0
Kelly, s. .8... ...,50.10 041
Hutchlnson, lb 3 2j2. 0 7 l" 0
Householder, c. f.... 3 .1 ;1, 0 . 2 " : 0 ' 0
Spies, c 4 1 l. l' 9-'-o'*"0
Rellly. 3b...;......... 3 ~ 0 i 0 i !• 0
Bowman, 1. f.. ...... 3. 0 0 0 t 2 0 0
Briseno, 2b........... 2 0 0 0 3 l'-n
Hale. p..... 1 ... .'• ? 1 0 :0 ,2 l o
Totals ............29 6 "• 6- 2 .27 8 1
,¦¦¦:¦¦¦-- ¦_¦ ¦ ;\ ¦ Oakland:-* ' ¦. o •: t
. ; ¦. ,,AB. R: BH. SB. PO. A.. E.
Drennan, o."f.. •••.'••- *' 0 2 0> 2 ' 0 \ 0
Streib, r. f.. ......... 4 0 1 0 l : i o
Decker, lb.;... 4, 0 1 : 0 •'"8'.' "0 •"¦-.' 0
Mosklman.' r. , f 1 - 0 . ¦ 0' *0'> 0 •' 0 -ii 1
Adams, c. 2. 0 / 0 :0 . ,1 2 0
Arrellanes, :2b.. ..:... 4 0 ¦ 1.- 0 ,4 '.l>'i : 2
Dunleavy, c. & 1. f.. 3 0 0 ... 0 2 2
Francks, s. 8 ....3 1 > 0 I ' 4 '2 . l
Moore, 3b..". ...I...... 3 .0 0 . • 0 .4- 4 o
Babbitt, p 3: - 0 .0 .0.1 4 . l
Luck i and an IJmpire
Smile Upon the Sac
ramento Team.
SENATORS WIN
FROM HANXMEN
Carnegie's Gift to Glasgow.
LONDON, May lo.— Andrew Carnegie
has given £100,000 to establish district
libraries in Glasgow. In making the gift
to Glasgow Mr. Carnegie wrote a letter in
which he recalled the fact that fifty-two
years ago he sailed for .'America from
Glasgow. ¦• He had done so much for other
places that it was a: pleasure to do some
thing for her. . .
Heavy Deal in Michigan Pine
MILWAUKEE, May. 16.— An -.. Even
ing Wisconsin special, from -.Marinette,
Wis., says .the Menomlnee Bay Shore
Lumber Company of Menominee. Mich
has sold to the Glen-Eddy Lumber Com
pany of Sagina-w, Mich., 200,000,000 feet of
pine, tributary to Ashland, Wis. The
consideration at the present market price
of lumber is about $2,000,000. •.
ILLINOIS COURT DECIDES
BLACKLISTING IS ILLEGAL
It Is Held That Firms Have Right
to Take Protective Meas
ures. .
CHICAGO, May 15.— In the Superior
Court to-day Judge Baker decided that it
is legal for employers to maintain a
blacklist- The ruling was in the case of
Annie Condon against Libby, McNeil &
Libby, Armour & Co. and other stockyard
packing firms. The plaintiff . was a
labeler and can painter in the employ of
the Libby firm and in February, 1900, in
company with a" number of other young
women, went on strike because of • re
peated reductions in wages. -Later the
women tried to obtain employment with
other firms, but their applications were
rejected on -account of their having been
strikers. Miss Condon began suit as a
test and the court ruled that the various
firms had a right to take protective meas
ures against persons who had' quit "the
employment of other firms without valid
reasons. This is the first time in a West
ern court that the so-called "blacklist,"'
by which an employe who leaves one firm
and is kept out of employment in his or
her trado by any other firms, has been
given legal standing by the courts.
PORTLAND MINE CLOSED
DOWN INDEFINITELY
Troubles Between the Company and
Miners' Unions the Cause of
Shut Down.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., May 16.—
The Portland mine, employing 700 men,
was closed down indefinitely at 3 o'clock
this afternoon,. owing to the. troubla be
tween the company and six miners' unions
of .the camp over the employment of non
union miners. A conference between rep
resentatives of the company and the
unions was held in this . city to-day but
failed to reach an agreement.
The Portland has been "open," making
no discrimination between workmen, but
paying the union scale. Lately the com
plaint has been made that union miners
were being displaced by non-union men
and that wages were being reduced in
some departments. A few days ago the
union officials demanded that the mine be
unionized. This was refused at the meet
ing here to-day.
Jt is not believed tho trouble will spread
to other mines in the Cripple Creek dis
trict.
ba"tt_e is threatened
BETWEEN" RIVAL SHEEPMETC
Band of Armed Rangers Are Patrol
ling the Sweetwater.
Country.
ROCK SPRINGS, Wyo.. May 16.— A re
port has reached here from the Sweet
water country that a band of mounted
men is patrolling that section, but for what
purpose is not known. It is believed, how
ever, that the rangers are in the employ
of the fiockmasters, who have been
warned to keep off a certain range by the
cattlemen. About a week ago the sheep
men sent word to the cattle barons that
they would protect their flocks, and that
any attempt to drive off sheep or destroy
them, burn sheep wagons or Intimidate
herders would be resisted.
The rangers avoid towns and ranches,
and no one knows where they make their
headquarters. They are well armed,
mounted on fast horses and seem to be
prepared to fight at a moment's notice. .
COM VICTiSD OF MTOTtBER
OF CATHOLIC CLEBGYMAU"
Jacob Wynne, Who Grave "Knockout
I>rops" to Father Riegal,' Is
Found Guilty.'
PHILADELPHIA, May 16.— The jury in
the case of Jacob Wynne, charged with
the murder of Rev. Father Charles P.
Riegel, to-day brought in a verdict of
guilty of murder In the first degree.
Father RIegel, who had charge of the
Roman Catholic church at Cheltenham,
Pa., near here, was found dead on a door
step in the "tenderloin" district on Jan
uary 26. • Death was due to "knockout
drops." Wynne . and eight others, who
had been drinking with the priest, were
indicted. It was testified that Wynne
bought the poison and placed it in Father
Riegel's glass of be*r. The trial of
"Sailor Bob" Bryan, the second of the
nine defendants, will begin at once and
the other cases will be rapidly disposed of.
¦ - »» . ¦
Would "Accept Amendment.
j HAVANA, May 16.— At to-day's meeting
of the committee on relations of the
Cuban constitutional convention a major
ity voted to submit to the convention next
Saturday. a report advising acceptance of
the Platt amendment. The minortiy fac
tion asked, for further time to draw up a
minority report and were granted until to
morrow, when another meeting- of the
committee will be held. > •
NEW YORK, May 16.— The American
Congress, of Tuberculosis and the Medico-
Legal Society opened the second day of
their joint session with the reading of a
number of addresses on topics connected
with the general subject of tuberculosis.
During this afternoon's session Dr. M.
R. Leverson of Brooklyn read a paper in
which he denied that there were any in
fectious diseases; smallpox was not-con
tagious and certainly not tuberculosis. He
argued that th© real cause of the spread
of disease was not infection, but fear, and
scored the doctors. This paper created a
disturbance, and Dr. C. K. Cole of Helena,
Mont., moved that the paper be not print
ed in the minutes of the congress. This
was carried.
Resolutions were adopted which say
that the duty of .the Government Is to
adopt such measures as may limit the
spread of tuberculosis; that measures
should tend toward the education of the
people through schools and the dissemina
tion of literature by the various health
boards; by affording: efficient and proper
care of poor patients, with the establish
ment of free sanitariums for such treat
ment; a regular sanitary inspection of all
public institutions, especially those of
charity and correction, and adequate in
spection of all meats, milk and other food
stuffs which may convey materials tend
ing to spread the disease, and control of
tuberculosis patients.
With this the sessions of the congress
¦were brought to a close. It was announced
that a free annex fo'r consumptives will be
opened next Thanksgiving Day at the
Montefiore Home for Incurables, this city.
Paper of Dr. Leverson Not
to Be Printed by the
Congress.
SPREAD BY FERA
NOT INFECTION
Doctor's Peculiar Theory
Concerning Certain
Diseases.
CALIFORNIAN IS HONORED
BY BEING MADE MODERATOR
Rev. Dr. Henry C. Minton, of San Anselmo,
Chosen to Preside , Over the Presby
terian General Assembly at Philadelphia
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901V
5
ADVERTISE—CENTS.
Announcement
i\ ¦ to the
\^# Public
fe/ \T??//^^t /%'WXN'O TO THB PA-
VT \ vi II /> '"' vo **°l» criticism and
\\ \ RWI // rnany inquiries received by
»- 1J> Jl JJ ns frojjj tlla Medical Pro-
fession and 1 others interested regarding: our
statement that th» so-called Weakness of ll«n
Is not a 'weakness but symptoms of inflam-
mation of ths Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contracted disorders and early
dissipation, and that Loss of Vitality. Prema-
tureness, etc., ax© invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting this inflam-
mation, we wish to stats to these many in-
quiries, in the columns of the press, that it
takes approximately ten weeks to cure the39
disorders of th« male. The treatment Is en-
tirely a local one., as no drugging the stomach
is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at horn*, undar our directions. We will
cheerfully explain the. plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send fre« on applica-
tion to any one interested in the subject, will
be found a creat advantage ia "Home Diag-
nosis," as well a* a study for all interested ia
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Markets^
CURE
When Prof. Munyon says his Rheamatlfira
Care will cure rheumatism there isn't any guess-
work about it— there isn't any false statement abotit
it. It cures without leaving any ill effects. It is a
splendid stomach and nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive care for rheumatism.
All the Munyon remedies are just as reliable, 25c.
vial. The Guide to Health U free. Munyon, Nev?
York and Philadelphia.
i - MC5T0N'S IXHALEE CUKES CATAEEBL I
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
1 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
I \ Oh i:5isJA2isrs7.to:.si47|i.s.r.:i3.4
KJ[ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
1 __3L__ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
™ KSrSStf disease p«»«ti»«.|ye»r»d by the oldest T
jy £j 1 bpedalist on the Coast. EsL 36 years. O
4 &3H* DRa JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ W WSi/sS Comultation free and strictly private. \
B I J&^C n rreatment p»rsona!ly or by letter. A Q
VI If MR famine Our. in erexy case undertaken. T
if I II A Writefor Book. PHILOSOPHY *f A
fi I Jl BARBUGB, HAILED FREE. ( A f
\ (I Lr "luable book for mrn) . .., . \
F X>B. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. 9
OR. MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. Dls- '¦ fzs t^"
ease and "Weakness
llahed 1SS1. Consul- fi
tation and private \*! fa, \ /_A1
book free, at office MSlltJ i&W«a
or by mall. Cures WJkksSJP&a?
guaranteed. 731 fO*!vc7^al
Market street (ele- .
vator entrance), .>^v /ftss^9&.
San Francisco.
i — ; — :
RPTTCU17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
XJXX U OIIJUW ers, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
; dyers, flounnllls. - foundries, laundries, paper-
! hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
, Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
v» .^<_HH3>hfc?«»« «v BI « ** l3 ft non-polsonotai
ifZtmmmn^ I— » « remedj for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
i»^Jalto5d»Ti^ Whlto«, unnatural du-
bSSv Qn»r»atMd W chargl . or any infliMnma-
¦ *¥ not to Muinnn. tion. l ritation or ulc«ra-
] !¦ I^rnmu aoiimum. tion ,1 m neons mem-
I fBtTHsEwwCh-EHicuCo. b l*™-*°°-" t J2 s Z"-
ySSBLj 1 ' *• *'jmi by express, prepaid, for
S^aS^StPv-- M „ ralar aen: ou rojaui.
;. ' THE EtorORTDM.^ | V BMPOBIUM. \ THE EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| Get Battleship and California Souvenirs To-Day.
g ¦- Visitors to the Pacific Coast will want souvenirs of this great commonwealth and of this eventful week
$ *sjpw to take , home w iih them. Residents of San Francisco will want souvenirs to send to distant friends and
jtf aN||Ju]7/ to keep themselves to refer to in after yean/ The big store has a very large department devoted exclusively to the sale of California souvenirs.
Jf <^^^^.-We know or no similar collection so complete. U.S. Battleship Ohio- Souvenirs, made from rivet-hole ponchines from the protective deck of the
•£ ]^^^^^^^^ new vessel, the official souvenir of the Ohio Society of California. Canes, $1.5 Of Cane Heads, 75Of Redwood Kn Cushion, with Ohio '
% i|||f|§g|||^Nyp. souvenir in center, 50j Ohio Paper Weights, 35cf Ohio' Buttons, 2 5 Of Ohio Hairpins,. 2 5c* We have also a beautiful line of
• «f ' ' ¦ Wood Novelties, hand-painted designs of Cliff House, Oranges and Poppies, in the shape of Match Safes, 25cg Pin Cushions,
j£ 25cf Blotters, 25cj Napkin Rings, 25c/ Picture Frames, Z5cg Paper Cutters, 25cj Toothpick Stands, 25c m Among the
J |I'I other souvenirs are hand-carved Mexican Leather Goods, View Books of San Francisco and surroundings, Illustrated Postal Cards, etc., etc.
jf. m : , ••"¦•.- '¦• , ; i
I Coke Dandruff Speciaf Sate of "¦' Kid Gloves \- Phenomenaf Safe
v Cure, 59c Paper Books. 65c Pair* Men's Underwear.
•; The genuine Coke Dandruff Cure; $1.00 size On Friday and Saturday, only, we offer 25c The balance ' ¦• A dean-up of the broken lots of some of the
J[ boit'es; a popular, well-known preparation, paper coveied book?, by such authors as Mrs. of the lot t < . — gl best-selling lines of men's medium-priced
If guaranteed by its manufacturers', to cure Southworth, "Laura Jean Libbey, Harriet offered at \ ' ' ** f*^^v^ T\!;y Underwear that we hxvs had this season
* , Dandruff; on special sale Friday and Saiur- , Lew's, C=]ia Gardner; Anna Catherine special ? CO^/y > S_J 1^"^ have been p'aced on three sales tables and will
J» day only at the extraordinary spscia. '. g^'g* Green, Marv J. Holmes, May Agnes Flem- saleMon- &£/ he gold respectively at IQc, 33o 77 Cm
,f price; per bottle. £9mtC "ing, Julia P. Smith, Annie Edwards, _ *«_ da T — le » "We have not all sizes in some cf th«c lines"
X — — — — — . f etc., etc.; t8C 0?Ch, 3 fOf 9%MG ., than 500 pa'rs— out of the 60 odd dozen sold but you will probably find your sfes in some
5? AnOthBr Bin Safe Modern Authors' Library of paper-covered Monday we have not had one pair returned one of them. Tha assortment includes Boys*
5 .¦*¦«•*•¦¦ 2* . mmm 9§ ¦***¦¦ V ;> -¦ ¦ : books,, by ; such writers as the Duchess, to us broken. Positively the best glove bar- White Merino Drawers, tizes 241034-
K StyftSh Veif&M .'Bertha M.-Cay, Rider Haggard, MUs Mu- ga : n we have ever offered. The co'ors are Men's Fancy Balbriggan Shirts and Drawer^
H ." ' . Jock, ' Emile Giboriau,' . Edna Lvallj Hugh assorted tans and modes ; 2 patent clasps and - m varions «utes j worth up to 50c m -*
ft >^SV : : Conway,-; Conan Doyle,; William Black, fine b'ack, wh r te and «lf embroidered backs ; each, for ISC
J* yr^\ . ¦ rLTnx ¦ " ¦Charlotte Bronte, :, Hawley^ ''Smart, .Marie a well-made, good-fitting, flexible glove ; -. „,'"'" _^^"
V YaSSsj •._* " .-S 's^/Q' Ok- ' •¦ ¦"'.' ¦'.'¦ • ;¦: Corelli and M..E. Bradion; published at 25c come early to-day to secure a pair m mm j ryn CT^B
» 7/r WW\/£"ir lKTfi^7V VW ' " .each;' cur, special price for two days ' Jm . for • .'. . . O9C wooijl^raw- m^ — m
K TT ., . t . , ¦• containing fourteen -art paper' leaves; regu- ¦_._ We have nearly 500 pain of these *nd fancy /v If /v^ \
«T N;ary 3,000 Veils in this lot an! the styles are i larly 5 oc each at ths special price -1_- excellent, shoes for Misses and Chil- striped me- / Y[ Yi I J J
X the very be.t that were manufactured in . to _ ca y onIy - r . 27C Xs§&°\ dren - The y come in ' both the Jace dium -weight f < L&,
J, Francs for this season's selling. A 1 si k; su- ' . ¦'¦'¦'¦ * ' "*'." L^W&L_ and buttoa sty 1 ", cloth Derby Ribbed V^ "1° \jf^
fc * perb qua'itirs, in bcromin? rrcshej; Friday o _ __ . # _ P^3?^w and kid tops. Have the - Sh"rts and \o J/
If and Saturday at about half regular prices. •.; «_>#!©©« I/Cm A^#^^^^, new eomfojtab'e coin toes Drawers, all 1^ \
J All-Silk Pattern Veils, with silk finls'ed bord r,' .We offer to-day only a numbrrof popular pieces (-^^^^^^^^ - ¦ and spring heels, «»« i and 'V \
K b'ack velvet spot, in black . only; of sheet music, pubishei at S oc 4/ -*JPm% \_>r-^^ 5a^^*^ i^ arid, if bought in »ncy white \ , j
*f 3 5c value's; for two days; each...; _»_»C "p;r copy; our regular price 25c, lor i '€¦ G / a » B _ a __^ the regu'ar way, Balbnggan \\ I
J Brussels Net Pattern Veils, with hand-spottci Thess are some of the latest Eastern h'ts: " !, *>' _. would retaH at Shrt« and I |_^
V silk cheniile spots and embroidered borders; "Why Don't You Write a Letter'" * 1. 25 and $1.35 per pair, according to the Drawcn.aU
$ in brack, whTe and magoie; 75c «^ . * ?Dad. TeH Me Why^ ' \ *S * Frida 7 and Samrdi y "^ *** w21 "'^ T V U? • T 5
S Guilitv fcr two davs- each 37C "The Honeysuckle and the Bee." : on special jalc : go at the uniform pnee of *5<JC
J r r qUlllt T y ' ° . J '7 ¦'",•: :•••/!/.„ ..; AUce ?. f Old i Vinceni 1 e S "-Walt Z . m S'zcs g^ to 1 1 for .87o Heavy-weight Derby Ribbed Mercerized B'n e
ft Fancy Tuxedo Pattern V£ils, with si k Chenille "Tommy"— the latest Eastern craze. - o. ' \, x/ f or<> % ?. j c 1 *w,~, .; . . «
S spcti; stvlish, durable mrshes; black, white "Good-by, Dolly Gray"-March and Suei 11^ to i^-ftr 97O Cottonand Salmon Shirts, sues 34 _ '4*.
ft . ' • .^ j _. 1 Two-step. . , ¦ . : and Drawers, 42 to 44; Tan Balbneean
I m^m^m Grocery SpeoiBis. . ffSSiW----. 1^
ft ¦ "Mamma's China Twins."' T?r\r PriHaiy r>nr\ Qotiir^o\r Cashmere Drawers. The cheapest garment
J? Toifet Set STeS "McKlnley-March and Two-Step.",.. ror^naay anQ aaiuraay. in this lot is worth fl.oo; special __
% B OlieW «Cr *MC. "I Want to Go To-morrow." Sugar-Best dry granulated; 18 lbs .$1.00 «!e price to^Jay only, each...... 77C
We have 250 -only of thess handsom: Bureau _ •»-»»» ' _» Coffie— Best Java and Mocha; lb .29c -
*° Coverr, with pin cushion mat, which our O/fGC#_}/ SaiO Of Beans— Cho c; qua'ity of pink; 10 lbs.. 25c _- -. _— t.wwmm
X buyers secured at about half their real worth. .'.,.; f"sahB0% I£nitwa<es ' Sardines— Good imported; 3 tins. ." 2SC Three for 5UO HUM"
* * »n#e m\nives., oysters-Bat cove; 3 tim 24c BOLDT CIGARS, all this
*: fifrmM^ A small lot (1=0 sets), of good silver-plate! Ghirardelll's Cocoa-^-lb tins; to4zy.2ao 7 iil~^!~~L
* jN .iz.v=5^.rv»T^_i».T^i5(<Mi^^^^^--.^i^,..^j cr y^B table knives; will be offered at Tea — Choice uncolorci, green, Japan or Ea- WGCtff a L/C G3CH.
)t ' S^2^.-^it^^>'^^^^S^ special sale to-day only; s:t of 6... OSC gUsh Breakfast; lb 4QC —
$¦ izc iTx^'inchel "if "bo^ht'ln the' regular Wt ffl^T^ _ _^^ _»w j| W Hock White Wire— Extra quality ; regubrlv 60c
V x way would have to be so'd at 65c a set; the '. JPB ; tfS4%__3^Bl sSlMSii^ feS_H_Z_^^I*« a ga Ion ; to-day 45C
ft big store's fpecial price for to-day; . ' : . : • - Gin — Thorne & Son's, imported; regu!ar.y$i. 00
fc each ...............:. 57c CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE a bottle ; to-day 75o¦ Since Shamrock II has been beaten by Shamrock
I. Sir Thomas Lipton had better call the race off this
year and 'tmiM a Shamrock III. ; - ¦
A new gun. now being constructed by the War De :
partment is expected to send a projectile weighing
2370 pounds a distance of twenty-one\ miles, and
should further improvements be made in that line, we
may .eventually have a gun that we. can put up on the
coast and fling a shell over to Europe whenever we
•vash., * - ' >.
IS Wash
. /Mark Twain has announced that he will never lec
ture again; but perhapsthat is just another joke. -
Now comes a story.from St. Petersburg to the effect
that the recent reports by, way of Berlin .concerning
the .big -riot of workingmen in the' streets and the
bloody conflict with Cossacks of the: guard were
gross exaggerations. The St. Petersburg story is that
nothing took place of the kind except a'fight between
some metal workers and a Government inspector, who'
wa9 killed by jumping out of a window, to escape from
his 'assailants.^. !^ :''..;•.* "^ . v " "¦¦'¦ ~ '*'¦"<"
It is said that. airefforts to. combine the watch fac
tories" of the country into- a : trust have failed; so it
would seem the watchmakers are either behind >the
time or. else they believe: they, have old, Time by 'the
forelock and can swing himas they please.
¦ Maud— I don't like'to-see you thro win z~
yourself at Fred. * ; .
. -Elizabeth— Why :. not? . . He's a good
catch.-Tit-Bits. , - SOOti
-Pa— What's baby crying for, Dolly?
iSSkSStSti ? ° w e ?; how {o eat
The following request,, written on a
scrap of •¦ wrapping paper, . was sent in
through the ¦ delivery station of i lar~e
city library:" "Please sent me daniel bone
or lettle Lord founder roid."— The Library
Journal.
A Philanthropist. — She (haughtily) — 1
happen 1 to . know that you have already
proposed -to two ¦ other girls this - year
He— Xes, dear; but I, assure you it was
only • out - of ' compassion.— Detroit Free
Press. , . ¦ ¦ vr
May— Yes. After we had moved we foil nd
out that those midnight raps
were caused b;JH the man In the next flat
dropping his shoes.— Cleveland Leader.
Culture in the Outskirts^'How is your
Shakespeare club „ coming' on, Nancy?"
"Oh," we have to postpone if nearly every
time because ¦ somebody wants to give a
euchre."— Chicago Record.-. ''^smm^essi
Ida— Did you ever find out if the house
wag reallv haunted? . . ¦ >-,\ ..---
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Solomon gave to posterity much excel
lent advice— probably because the rather
numerous Mrs. Solomon wouldn't take any
of it. • -""
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). Sift Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • -
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
Kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel bunding.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palacs Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's. 11
Of the vast work of the postoffice and of. its im
portance to: the people the. Postmaster General gave
an interesting account. : The employes of the Post
office Department number more than double 'the en
tire army and navy of the country, and exceed one-
This commendation is to be noted not solely be
cause of credit due to Mr. Loud, but because it points
out once more to the people of California the~ impor
tance of keeping faithful Representatives in Congress
for long, perio'ds. Mr. Loud has been enabled to ren
der valuable service not only to his constituents but
to the whole country because his constituents have re
elected him term after term. Had the voters of the
Fifth District been as fickle as those of some other
districts the State would not have had the distinction
of having a Representative whose statesmanship has
achieved national reputation, and whose assistance in
administrative work is held in highest esteem by "the
heads of the great departments' of >the Government.
It is, to be hoped the lesson' will be learned through
out the State and that from- this time on- California
will keep experienced and faithful men at Washington
so tliat her influence in the Government will; be equal
to her rank as a commonwealth; • • .;.; - • ' .
It is gratifying that in his speech' the Postmaster
General gave to our Representative the credit due
him. In referring to the 'services of Mr. Loud he
said: "I am prepared to say here what I have re
peatedly said, not in his presence, that no man in
Congress charged with a great work as he is charged
is more .thoroughly master of. the subject committed
to his hands, and more honestly and intrepidly de-«
voted to the duty which is assigned to him. I have
come through three years of experience to understand
the spirit which animates the chairman of that great \
committee, and I congratulate you and I congratulate
my countrymen that that important service, so vital
to the welfare of our country, so pervasive in its rela
tions, so broad in its relations, is in the hands of a
man -of the highest integrity and courage, who fear
lessly performs what he believes to be right, and who
intelligently guides it and Congress in the advance
ment of the postal service of the United States."
THE WORK OP THE POSTOPPICE.
AMONG the speeches that have been made at
the various exercises and functions attending
the reception to the President and Cabinet
none has been more instructive or more full of good
promise than that made by Postmaster General Smith
at the banquet given in his honor on Wednesday
evening. It is a speech that can be read with par
ticular satisfaction by Californians, because in all the
recent improvements and extensions of the postal
service one of the Representatives of the State, Mr.
Loud of the Fifth District, has been a prominent and
earnest worker.
The Germans are complaining that Von Bulow is
sacrificing the political interests of Germany to Great
Britain, while the British are swearing that Salisbury
has sacrificed Britain to Germany, and it is ; amid that
discord the two leaders are trying to set a tune for
the concert of Europe. S' "
»"T""* HE Waters and Forests Society of California
I does well to inform itself of the interest and
•*¦ co-operation in its purpose of the Secretary of
Agriculture.
The Secretary's memory goes back to the time
when men were saying in Iowa and adjoining States,
"The white pine is inexhaustible." The vast white
pine forests of Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota
were trackless and virgin thirty years ago. Now, says
the Chicago Inter Ocean: "The end of the white pine
industry of the Northwest is almost at hand. The
years of its greatness are already passed.
"We doubt if history records another such shame
ful waste of natural Wealth as has been made in the
American forests. The greater part of these resources
is gone forever, but something can still be . saved.
The method which promises most permanent results
is the education of forest owners, to an appreciation
of their own real interests. When they once realize
that a forest, with proper management, can be made
as continuously productive as a wheat field they will
perhaps be moved to prudent action.
"Meanwhile Congress and the State Legislatures
should rigidly guard every foot of public forest, and,
in the interests of all the people, should resist every
encroachment of local selfishness."
In less than thirty years The Call may exactly copy
that and apply it to the disappearance of the sugar and
yellow pine and the Douglass spruce forests of this
coast. Fire and saw are reaping them untimely, and
prodigally destroying their .reproduction.
As a Western expression to the Secretary of Agri
culture and of the Interior The Call desires to say
that the present forest reserves should be protected
against grazing stock, and. cared for by a sufficient
number of trained foresters! Other forests should
be added to these reservations. -And as for the live
stock interest, it should be compelled to lease and pay
rent for the public land it uses on the plains, valleys
and non-forested mountains on the public domain,
and the rent so derived should be devoted to irriga
tion that crops may be raised and forests planted on
land now barren for want of water.
The waste of the Eastern forests has been criminally
prodigal, but it is small compared with the. waste on
the stock ranges of the public domain. The lumber
men had to buy forest land before they could jise its'
wealth. They had to pay something for the millions
they gained..; Not so the stock ranger. The people
support a high tariff en wool for the profit of sheep
growing as an American in.dus.try,-:and the. people
also permit the sheep man, for whose benefit they,
pay a tariff tax, to feed his sheep at their expense
on their property and never pay a cent for the
pasture!
Prodigality is not the proper name' for such a pol
icy,, and when it is fully understood the people will
say to the flockmaster. "Lease your range and pay for
what } r our sheep eat, or do without a wool. tariff."
Protection is all right, but becomes a burden when
flanked with a permanent free lunch. - - .
THE WATERS AND FORESTS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
"ARE YOU A BUFFALO?"— N.- N.,
City. There Is not much mystery about
the question, "Are you a Buffalo?" It. Is
a josh fad. If a man meets- a friend and
asks him the question and the friend saya
that he Is not, the first speaker will offer
to initiate him for 11 cents and takes him.
into a barroom. If the victim has not got
11 cents, but puts up a large sum, the In
itiator pays for the drinks ;out of.tha
money handed him and pockets the rest.
The peculiarity of the buffalo degree la
that the grip is given with the left hand,
and if a buffalo when drinking uses the
right hand he "must put up the drinks for
the crowd." . . ,
NICARAGUA— W. C. S.. Florin, CaL
The distance from tne Atlantic to the Pa
cific along the proposed line of the Nica
ragua canal is 163^4 miles. The distance
from the Pacific Ocean to Lake Nicaragua
is 17.04 miles, and the distance from the
center of the lake to the center of the
Gulf of Mexico, in ah air line, Is 900 miles.
There is not any work being 1 done on the
canal at this time. The province of this
department is to state facts and not to
express opinions of what may occur and
for that reason cannot answer the last
question In your letter of inquiry. . >
DRAUGHTSMEN — Y. M? A.. Citj.
Draughtsmen are employed continuously
by the Federal Government In the engin
eer's branch of tha "War Department, by
the supervising architect, Coast and Geo
detic Survey, United States Military
Academy, Bureau of Yards and Docks,
of Ordnance, Construction and Repair,
Steam Engineering, Hydrographic Office,
Navy Yards and Stations, Surveyod Gen
eral and Geological Survey. r v : , -^
..LANGUAGES- J..: G.. ' ; W., Alma, .Cal.
This department has not the space to pub
lish the names of the more than - 60CO
known languages and dialects of the
world. You will find much to Interest you
on that subject In works on philology.
The early Irish had the Irish or Gaelic
language. The early Scotch also spoke
the Gaelic. •¦ . *
WAGES— A. F. M., City. If a party has
a claim against another for wages dus
and the Individual declines to pay, th»
best thing to do is to place the claim ia
the hands of a first class bill collector,
who, if the party, after due notice, de
clines to pay, will commence an action
for the amount due and costs.
A SHORT HAND— W. X., City. In •
game of poker If a player picks up hi*
cards and announces that he has only
four and demands another card or a. new
deal - and the dealer declares that the
hand is dead- the dealer is right. The
short hand having been picked up and
looked at loses all Us rights..
SEVEN UP— W. J. M.. Sommerville,
Cal. If in a game of seven up the trumps
are spades and one of the players declares
that he will make a point in the cards
that turn up, he will do so if the turned
up card is not of the suit of the past
trump, but if spades should be turned uj»
he would not win.
KING EDWARD AS A MASON— G. I*.
City. ¦ King Edward VII is grand master
of the grand lodges of -England, Ireland,
Scotland and Wales, also grand prior of
the Knights Templar in England and
grand patron of the Ancient Accepted
Scottish Ritfe. He has been identified with
Masonry for more than thirty-two years.
None of 'those alternatives are acceptable to the
British, and as a consequence the negotiations are
seemingly deadlocked. -In the meantime the. issue is
becoming more and more critical. The colonials are
determined to break up the French fisheries if they
can, and will even run the risk of a war to" do so. One
of the most curious features of the controversyis. that
the fisheries are not only worthless to France but en
tail an annual drain upon her treasury, as the profits
derived. from the industry do. not equal the bounties
paid to sustain it. One authority says : "Less than
500 Frenchmen are employed on the whole' treaty,
shore, and their support is an annual charge on; the
French taxpayer." Thus it appears that "sovereignty
without soil may do to boast of, but it doesn't pay.'
It has been suggested that instead of a money pay-:
ment there be given something in the way of terri
torial indemnity. The Chronicle says that last Janu
ary "M. Decrais was credited with having formulated
several .alternatives to his colleagues for the aban
donment of the French fishing rights, on the New
foundland coast, which involved — -i. The cession to
France of the provinces of Darfur. and Bahr-el-GhazaU
on the west bank of the Nile, with an additional con
cession in the Polynesian group, for the abandonment
of the islands of St. Pierre-Miquelon, off Newfound
land. 2. The surrender to France of Gambia." 3. The
cession by England of the island of Dominica."
That means that while Great Britain owns the soil
of Newfoundland France ¦: retains the sovereignty.
That shadowy sovereignty is so firmly rooted in the
pride of the French people that any Government con
senting to alienate it for any amount of money Great
Britain would be willing to pay 'or -could pay could
not- hold office for a day after the fact was made
known. .
.;We learn from the- London -Chronicle, that j when
Salisbury suggested an extinction of the French "rights
in- Newfoundland .the > French Minister of the" time,'
M. % ;Waddihgton, wrote to. him: -• "France preserved
the exclusive right of fishing she always possessed.
The right of France* to the coast of Newfoundland
reserved to her fishermen is onlyapart of her ancient
sovereignty over the island,; which ishe retained in
cedingthe soilto England, ahd'which she has never
weakened or alienated."
Such being the situation the- French" haveVaskedr a
repeal of the bait act as a necessary preliminary to any
settlement of the controversy.- On their part the.Britf
ish have offered to buy out the -French rights, and
so "make . Newfoundland supreme, in control • oCher
fisheries. It was when, the negotiations ..had reached
that point that the cqntroversy developed the meta
physical subtlety, of which ;we have spoken. '".V ; ' \ •
;' On : its ( face the ; question appears simple . enough.
By the .treaty of '.Utrecht m I>i3,'confi.rmed : by later
-treaties, 'the French-in- ceding, Newfoundland to Great
Britain retained for. French subjects the* right to 'catch
fish and dry Hhem.vbn : a- specified portion of New
foundland ; coast;: 700 smiles -long, and half a mile wide,
together- with" a ; right to build stages made of .boards
and the hut« necessary :' for ¦ frying fish; and to cut
wood in the' forest 1 for constructing- and repairing
those structures." -Air of those rights they, have con
tinued to enjoy, but of late years there has been a
good deal of "friction between .the. French fishermen
and the Newfoundlanders. The irritation has been
increased by the payment by the French Government
of. a bounty to their fishermen which gives them an
advantage over- the Newfoundlanders, who have no
bounty. For the purpose "of putting themselves oh
an equality with their competitors the natives enacted
a law forbidding the sale of bait to aliens." Their
claim is that, by obliging the .French: to bring 'their
own inferior jbait from France the natives obtain Ian.
advantage which just enables them to- survive the com
petition occasioned 'by; the French bounties. .'; ?> ' v*r- ' '
O.F all the political subtleties that ever perplexed
diplomatists of -this or- any- other ', age that
. ' which 4 now frets the brains- of British and
French statesmen in dealing with the question' of the
French fisheries Jn- Newfoundland is.perhaps the most
metaphysical and the most perplexing.i .¦¦<-/¦ •' '<¦ / 'V' V
SOIL AND SOVEREIGNTY.
CAIiTFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTOK
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The following
Callfornians are in Washington: At. t'ho
Raleigh— H. W. Hewlett, Mrs. A. E. Cas
tle, W. J. SIderman, San Francisco.- ; At
the Arlington— Nat W. Myrick and wife,
Los Angeles. . < '¦;_¦. r fc '.-,- ¦ .
The latest effort: of Glasgow, in the way. of muni
cipal socialism is the opening of ¦'. laundries in. the
poorer districts of the city where housewives can get
the use of hot water, soap and other cleansing 'ap
pliances, as well as a drying stove, for four cents an
hour. The scheme is good" enough" in its way, but
what is to become of the laundrymen whose trade has
been ruined by municipal competition? . " * :
NEW YORK. May 16.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— H. Bryant, at Grand Union;
Mrs. C. Callahan, at Plaza; J. McGuire,
at Imperial; Mrs. S. V. Pettlgrew, at
Plaza; R. M. Pike, at Holland; J. R..Cole.
at Imperial; H. H. Francisco, at Grand;
"VV. M. Townsend and wife, at Delavan, j
CAiLTFOBNIANS LN" NEW YORK.
FRIDAY .MAY 17, 1901.
JOHN' D.v SPRECKELS, Proprietor.-
Address All Coamnnic*tioni to W. S. LEAKE, K&ntger.
M *VAGKR'S OFFICE^
I'LBLiCATlOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
- Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 io 221 SteVenaon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered fir Carrier*. 15 Cento Per Week.
Slnarle Copies. 8 Cent*. ..1 : .^\'*
Terms trr Mall, Incradlnar Foitaffei
UltT CALIi Oncloaintr &nr«lay>, one year i..... J«.W
TAILT CALL Oncludine Sunday). « months *.O8
DAILY CAL.L> (inclndin? Bonday). S months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By ElDgle Month «e
VTEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.0»
All pottmaiterR are authorised to receive
¦nbnerlptlona.
1 Fa~ple copies will be forwarded when requested.
M*tl ru>*crlt«»r!" In crderlnr rhane» of «flare*« eliioM b»
rartcular to tif* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to icrure a prcapt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.WD OFFICE .X118 Broadway
C. GEORGE: KROG5GS9.
Jftt&ger Ttnign Mnrlltiag, Marfutt* Building. ChloagJ. >
(Lcrg Distance Telephone "Central ttii.")
KITW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CAKLTOX Herald Sanare
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
8TEPHE3. B. SMITH 8O Tribune Bnlldlnc
' NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotel; A. Brcntano, a Union Bqntre:
Xtnv HU1 Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
< Eneraan Hoc«e; P. O. Newi Co.; Great Northern Hotrt;
Fremont Hocee; Auditorium Hotel.
•W^ASHIWGTOJT O>. C> OFFICE.... 14O« Ct St., If. W.
BIORTOIC E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRATV CH OFFICES— 6H Montgromery. corner of Clay, open
until S-.I9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock.' 6S3.
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open, until
* SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
rcrner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
crtll » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
c*r Twecty-eecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock. - ,
. I scarcely ' know whether many an old
newspaper would have, lived 1 even. its ill
nourished, .anemic life ;had it not been
for . the : universal : prevalence of • lotteries;
for - they afforded -. advertisements to ,the
little sheets,,' of prospectus, ; drawings,
prize-winners, and puffings,, as well -.as
keeping the printer busy on off dayswlth
ticket ! printing and the striking- of haiid
bills. - -.Unless one has studied it up one
must be amazed to know of the vast num
ber/and the character of the old-time lot
teries. There was not a State nor a com
munltybut held them; to pay public debts
and make ¦ public ; improvements. - Every
church of every demonination gladly held
them,- to build ; new edifices : or ; repair . old
ones; ' or, build a : parsonage, or ; send t out
missionaries.* • Every college | and school
held ' them to "build ;;; schoolhouses, ¦•? make
endowments- or provide libraries.* Har
vard, • Brown> Dartmouth , -.-: Yale, all > held
lotteries. " Bridges, ; turnpikes, canajs were
built, by -their, help.-. .Private lotteries also
were held: sad' swindles v many of . them
were. I do not doubt pious people gladly
helped, by ticket-purchase -all* 'these
worthy ' ca-uses, -*. but - the lotetry ; was far
moro, to. them; than .that. . It was theater,
Marriage notices in the newspapers fol
low closely on English lines. ' Details
were given of the substantial and spirit
ual charms of the bride; all did "not have
fortunes— and ' those who did never
escaped 'the editor— but all were, amiable,
accomplished and personable, If not beau
tiful. In short, to use a favorite expres
sion, they "were" possessed of every requi
site to. render married life happy." Per
haps the fact that the complaisant editor
received .a loaf or cake and a bottle of
wine . may have .contributed to I • hi» un
stinted and unvarying praise. , Marriage
notices, in the ; . American ' Mercury* _ long
were' headed by a wood cut of a brace of
very affectionate, doves. - v,.
Another time the editor advertises that
"a few chaste and pungent witticisms- are
wanted for the Attic Bower." It was wise
to specify that they should be chaste; for
some : so-called of the day
would bring a blush ; even to the
brazen statue of. -Benjamin Franklin—
plainest-spoken of editors.
K otices of Marriages and | Lotteries.
A portion of our paper , will always be re
served for the communications of our literary
friends, and those whose labors have already
decorated that department .will remember that
among the variety of readers of advertise
ments, news and politics some Will look under
the Attic Bower and be delighted with the
fruits and flowers ; of the 'muse. 1 The interest
ing anecdote, the Just and moral tale, : and
even trifles light as - air, will be t read with
pleasure; i "tho* the news of ¦ battles . lost and
won ring on the ear." . |
A few newspapers had "Departments of
Miscellany." In one -case such a depart
ment was called "The Bouquet." The
Boston" Gazette termed ; it "The Attic
BQwer." The ! editor was constantly in
viting, even urging contributions : ,
It was not until 1813 that the first daily
paper of Boston, the Advertiser, ap
peared; soon the old semi-weekly papers
languished and were absorbed by the Ad
vertiser—even the Centinel. The Adver
tiser was a business paper. It gave no
notices of theaters or concerts, , no book
notices no foreign C or domestic corre
spondence. The Boston Courier, in 1824,
took up .all these lines and was widely
read? , - 'h ¦¦¦'¦' \' ' \~ ¦ - : -
There was probably never a time in
any country when- newspapers were so en
riched with political, contributions from
men of ability, standing and patriotism,
nor was there any time, when malignity
and scurrility were more rife.
The Boston Gazette had expired with
the century, the editor sending out his
farewell from prison. r" : *i -¦
: The- Columbian Centinel announced in
its opening Issues that, the editor "would
adorn the Centinel with the most delicious
sentimental sustenance which we can ob-'
taln,-as well the production of our soil as
exotick."- This department was first
printed under the heading "Sentimental
Repast"; then the editor evolved a nt»re
elegant ! title, "The Helicon Reservoir" ;
then it'became "Sentimental Sustenance,"
then "Castalian Fount," then the "Cabi
net, of i Apollo.". A, department of. brief
anecdotes was headed "Entertainment for
the'- Disciples of. Zeno."- . The "Prepara
tions for Sunday" was changed to "Moral
Entertainer."
Elegant Title's Abound.
/The first' meeting of American publish
erswas held in New York in 1S02, at the
City, h Hotel. ' ' It was called a -."literary
fair," and thereafter met .alternately* in
New\York and -Philadelphia. • . • .-
t The : editor, - owner- and printer of a
newspaper in 1801' was usually one and the
same person. - There were no editorials.
The matter in the^ paper was usually se
lected.. Practical printers; save in one or
two- cases, owned the' papers, ¦ men of
scant education: and no literary pretenses.
The first religious •, newspaper "was" ; the
Religious rRemembrancer of "Philadelphia,,
started iri\lS13. ! Then- came" the "Religious
Intelligencer^- of New Haven, ; then' -the
lioston Recorder, in 1S16. .-. It united with
the New -England Puritan in 1S49 and be
came the' Puritan-Recorder. ; , : ¦
When Dr. Franklin proposed to start a
newspaper his friends urged him to desist
because \ there j were .' already three news
papers in this country. Franklin answered
with his usual perspicacity that'. "more
papers would make- more • readers." ¦'.,. 1
.In'the year,, 1S01 there' were in., the
United i States . 200 newspapers, /of ;. which
seventeen were dailies. New England had
sixty-five newspapers and- the Middle
States had seventy-four. . ¦- , , '._
Inhere .was apparently .the same, contro
versy over the exacV;Hmits of the cen
tury which we erfdur'ed a ¦ year ago. The
New , England Palladium ' of January 1,
1801, thus rhymes:. . - "-. , • 4 
' -Precisely at 12 "o'clock last night '
The eighteenth century took its Sight. ¦ .
Full many a calculating, head /
Has racked its brain, its ink has shed.
, To prove , by metaphysics fine -.''¦',
A hundred means but ninety-nine, -.'.
While at their \rtsdom others wondered,.
': But took one more to make a hundred.
Thus by an unexampled riddle V* ¦ .
. The world's divided in the middle. .
- The century waking from' its': bed. ;¦...•
Finds half mankind a year ahead. r-L-
While t'other, half, Vvvlth lingering pace, -..
Have scarcely started in the race. : . , < ' -
Go on, ye scientific sages,. 1 ¦¦;"'-
Collect youc light a.few more'ages;
Perhaps as swells the vast amount,
A century hence you'll learn to count. ' j
Newspaper When, the Century Began.
r\ .; THE ALLS. •'
France fights "All, - ; ' v '
Britain pays All, • . -\ • -- "• »'.
Russia -threatens All,.---.. ¦ ¦'%• ' ¦ -- '•
Prussia humbugs All, ¦:¦•;.
Switzerland. Is plundered by All, \/.. r . •; .
Spain-does nothing- at All,/ . - - ¦ ¦¦ ----
Germany thinks 1 itself All in All, .
The- United- States is spoliated by -All, ¦¦-
And lest Destruction should come upon All,
May Heaven have mercy- upon us AlUI. I:
The; condition of the gloom in the. mind
of every , past :, age, > after reviewing toe
vanished blessings -of the past .and sur
veying the menaces of "the future, -found
voice in the : Columbian ! Centinel at: the
opening of the nineteenth century in these
words": " ¦-- ; v ¦ " r • , . • V .
We,' who have lived to see "the turn of
the century," have' found a new and-un
usual order of • things— a world ¦ willing, . in
spite of wars In Africa and China,'; to be
lieve that the new times are" good .times,
that we are better and happier than our
grandfathers, j that- trade- and "= commerce
are* prospering— in short, 1 ' that : "all's .'right
with the world. "< The ancient classics re^
veal that with poets and philosophers ;of
old retrospection \ at the close of .a year
or ; century -meant depression of "spirits.
Old Thomas Fuller wrote three centuries
and a . half ago,' in his "Cry Without
Cause and Be Whipt," that in the forty
years he had known England and London,
since he was man grown, at such V times
merchants ever sung the same tune, that
"trade was dead,-. old A times'.were -best,
who'can tell' what.the future will'bring??
XITL— OLD-TIME NEWSPAPERS.
race track, gambling hell, all In one. It
was the most vivid excitement of our
grandfathers' lives; the first quarter of
the nineteenth century saw the fiercest
burning of the flre. There were objectors
to it all; serious, thoughtful men. who
saw, that under the guise of helpfulness
the monster was strangling the new na
tion; it seemed a giant task to kill such
an octopus, but when a few determined
men worked together the system went
down and" ceased to be with a suddenness
that was phenomenal. -
Some Odd Advertisements.
_ A varied line of advertisements appears.
One tavern announces that it will serve
pepper pot" en Mondays, turtle soup on
Saturdays, with blue point oysters. The
Quaintly. worded notice of the meeting of
the Tammany Society comes next— "On
the second going down of the sun In the
month of flowers, at the council fire of
the great , wigwam." Rewards for run
away apprentices— one "A Penny Re
ward, one but a. farthing, another six
pence, and for a runaway slave $100. This
latter reward is said to be thus excessive
because the slave has been so ungrateful.
The advertisements of books reflect his
tory "Notes on Virginia,"
Hamilton s "Last Letter" and "Amorous
Vindication;'— the latter priced! 50 cents—
Paine s "Age of Reason."
: In the newspapers of 1802 we find eulo
gies on Martha Washington, who died on
May 22 of thac year. In the Washington
Federalist was the following:
! Died at Mount Vemon on the 22 ult. Mrs
Martha Washington, widow of the late illus
trious George Washington. "To those amiable
and Christian virtues which adorn the female
character, she added dignity of manners, su
periority of understanding, a mind intelligent
and elevated. The silence of respectful grief
is our best eulocy.
The news of her death had reached Bos
ton on_ June 2, and the Centlnel published
an account of her last moments. "Confi
dence and resignation were uniformly dis
played during seventeen days' depreda
tions of a severe fever." She gave advice
and benedictions to her friends, and sent
for a gown which she wished to be buried
In— a. white dress
Making Both. Ends Meet.
¦ The old-time editor had rather a hard
row to hoe. The accompanying notice
shows-the straits -of the veteran printer,
Isaiah Thomas.
To Delinquent Customers.
_E?Serious Times— or ~ the Printer without
Money— or a Final Hint to Delinquent Custom
ers and Postfider9!"C3 •••¦•¦•
The subscriber has frequently given Hints to
his , Delinquent Customers and Postriders. that
he was, In want of Cash and has, repeatedly
invited all. Indebted to him to come forward
andmak&an Immediate settlement, "-without
being' out to any. extra cost— he now, for the
last time. Informs all that are indebted to him
for Newspapers,-. Advertisements, &.c. &c. that
an Immediate settlement must be made, and
all who disregard this notice may depend upon
having their Notes and Accounts put Into the
harids of an. Attornev. . , -
To accommodate those ,. vrtio cannot pay!
money, .the following articles will be received
until the. FIRST of JANUARY. 18C3, viz. Corn,
Hye, /Wheat, Oats, and Wood— Those who have
not the above articles, and who ; cannot make j
it. convenient to pay the money at preaant.
their NOTES will - be received. • Dayable in
Three '- Months, . provided • they are given pre
vious to , th,e .Second .TXpdnesaay in March next.
:-. : '1' '<*¦*. :•. ¦¦:¦ J- : ---X. f- ISAIAH • THOMAS, , Jun.
¦ Worcester, ;' Jfovember 17. i 1S02. . -
•i"-Manjf;'-tinifss other -editors^fared V/orse.
They hadito beg that old rags might be
saved- -for pap°r; they had to keep an In
telligence office; they were sent to jail for
debt; in short, aa the editor of the Colum
bian Phenlx wrote, "The moral and virtu
ous .wri ten is left to starve and the- chaste
and modest editor is bankruDt." ¦
Early; Glories of . Tammany.
The flrgt part of the century resounded (
with .the;, glories of SL • Tammany, and!
newspapers of . Maryland, Pennsylvania
and New York contain frequent notices
of Tammany meetings and parades. The
name Is so associated to-day with New
York and New York politics that many
forget that he was not a New York
sachem, nor did his honors begin in New
York. He was first chosen as a patron by
the^ Pennsylvania troops under Washing
ton's command; soon his fame spread.
Forts were named for him, and the 1st of
May, chosen as his - birthday, was ' cele
brated as such a festival that in 1S10 Gen
eral Dearborn, Secretary of War, forbade
any further festivities, believing that they
fostered drunkenness and debauchery.
Tammany's popularity was not confined
to the army. Poets sanff his praises
plays were written on his life. In all
the Southern and Middle were
Tammany societies". The charter of the
New York society describes it simply as
a charitable association; it gave substan
tial aid to the needy; started a museum
of natural history; rescued the bones of
the prison-ship martyrs of the revolu
tion from ignominous exposure when they
chanced to-be thrown by -the waves on
the shore of/ Wallabout bay. The soci
ety gave those bones the most spectacu
lar and singular funeral ever seen In this
country. The popularity of Tammany
arose from its social attractiveness.
There were almost no clubs and assem
bly rooms, as our secret societies have
nowadays, and Tammany meetings af
forded a cheerful resort. The poet Hal
leck wrote:
There's a barrel of porter In Tammany hall
And the Bucktalls are swig-sing- it all the
night long-..
In the time of my childhood 'twas pleasant to
sit .
For a seat and seg^r 'mid the Jovial throng.
Bucktail was the name given because
on, their parades the members wore tur
key feathers and bucktails in their hats.
Tammany and the Common People.
One quality Was lacking In 'Tammany —
it* was never aristocratic. The' May day
parade '< with ; its 1 Indian mummery was
deemed vulgar; the jovial .meetings
could not be called choice. Many •¦ great
men ¦ were members ; Aaron Burr was a
guiding spirit in its infancy, but the
general membership was not elegant.
Tammany was a recognized - counter
weight to the Society of the-Cincinnati,
which on account of its pride of member
ship and hereditary principle was looked
upon with alarm. The sweep of demo
cratic ideas is plainly shown by the fact'
tliat Tammany,' recruited from . among
the common folk, -has made': Presidents
and formed politics, while the Cincinnati
which included . Washington, Hamilton
and all the great men of the revolution
ary army, has never had enough political
influence to control a town election. ~:--
(COPYRIGHT, 190L)
By -A.lio© IvflCors© Earl©.
AUTHOR OF "STAGE COACH AND TAVERN DAYS," "OLD-TIME DRINKS
AND DRINKERS," ETC.
Republic.
Oddities of the Newspapers Which Thrived
in the Early Days of American A,
Prepared" by Experts and Specialists for
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE source of that personal influence which seems
to belpng to a man who is elected to the Presi^
dency is always the subject of interesting specu
lation. In President McKinley's case it seems to be
the feeling of every man that the .President Is his
neighbor. He does just what every man feels he
would do under the -same circumstances. He says
just what every man feels that he would say on the
same occasion. The 'old farmer who borrowed the
works of Plato from his pastor, read . and returned
them, saying, "I -like that writer; he's been getting,
hold of a lot of - things I always thought," expressed
the influence -of - -President ¦ jMcKihley: -- When he
speaks of policies men say to themselves, ,¦ "I' always ,
thought that."'. What the' people have, thought he
utters, and they fellowship! him. . * ';" \'~ '.¦'/" V .
For. this reason personal attacks, on him have not"
been popular, 'even with his political opponents,: and
have drawn to- him more 1 support than; they have'
alienated. .During the present tour he has done just
what other wholesome men do. :.The'bpy straddle of, a
cross-arm on a telegraph pole; .yelling welcome as
loudly as a Comanche yelled 1 , defiance catches his at
tention as" he rides in the pomp of a procession, and
the boy gets a smile and! a salute. > A poor,: weak
woman, wheeled in her-chair to see him pass,"; forgets
her misery in the* gleam of cheerful sympathy that
goes with the President's respectful recognition of her.
presence. Every -other man looks .on_. and-, says, .
"That is just what I'd do,'-';but there are few who can
do it as gracefully and as graciously.
"This- President is cur neighbor," say all the peo
ple. That neighbor's wife is ill, and the. people,
keyed up to the tension of a week's expected
pageantry and pleasure, act neighborly. "They go
softly about their duties, and there is a hush upon
the city.- The feeling of disappointment is evap
oratedby genuine sympathy for our neighbor, the
President, and even the folk called cranks, who pre
sent themselves at the 'President's house with reme
dies, are no more than the representatives of those
country neighbors who: go to the sickroom offering
boneset and pennyroyal and the other herbs that are
vi the country domestic pharmacopoeia. It is all in
good feeling. -._.: .
The people at once recognize in the President's
abandonment of all the festivals '.and functions ar
ranged for him that he may comfort his invalid -wife
and minister to her" as , no. other can just what .the,
best man in the neighborhood would do, and so they .
feel only sympathy and respect for .this best "man in
this great neighborhood, .the United 'States. "For.
him and his their sympathy .is :v hearty and : genuine..
They have claims on-Wm,- but -"they quitclaim' to his
wife for the time and feelno regret that their prom
ised pleasure is deferred, because -all the sentiment >
they feel is regret for her suffering. and his anxiety.'
Sorry though we all are that the occasion : has arisen
for such a demonstration, yet we rejoice that it brings
out so bravely the gallant spirit of our people and
expresses the bond that is the peculiar tie between
them and the President. -. . j . . : . . \
The conduct of the students of our. two universities
is an expression of the same thing. Those young peo
ple were keyed up to the highest note of enthusiastic
expectation of meeting the President: In universities
in older countries such a disappointment is borne
impatiently. Not being able to meet the expected
guest they take -it out in jeering whoever fills the un
gracious place as his representative. Here it was not
so. The disappointment was left unexprtssed beyond
ah effusion of feeling when the cause of it was referred
to, and the great Secretary of State was accorded*
every honor that goes with respectful attention, ap
plause and high greeting, as he represented his chiefs
In all this the metropolis of California has borne
itself well. In self-restraint and universal respect "our
people certify their good stuff, just as much as did,
our friends in the South in the voice and heart' of
their greetings.- . . ' V 7
OUR GALLANT . PEOPLE.
Munekoto Suzuki, president of the Jap
anese Appeal Court of Formosa, visited
the Federal building yesterday and was
introduced to the Judges of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals.
Frank H. Short; the well-known Fresno
attorney and one of the Yosemlte Com
missioners, is a guest at the Palace.
Ex -Mayor C. A. Stork of Santa Bar
bara is making the Palace his headquar
ters for a few days.
Captain E. E. Cane, one of the largest
ship owners in the Northwest, is regis
tered at the Palace. ' . : - -
C. Moltzen, a well-known ranchman of
Point Reyes, and wife are guests at the
Grand. ">-> : : . -.
Fred M. Steele and family . are guests
at the Occidental. They are touring the
world. .¦'.'#¦"¦
E. W. "Wright, a well-known mining man
of Bakersfield, is a guest at the California.
Dr. King of Ukiah is at the Lick.
E. H. Cox, a banker of Madera, is at the
Palace.
• J. C Bull Jr.. a banker of Kureka, is
staying- at the Lick.
Charles G. Lamberson, a lawyer of VI
salia, is at the Lick.
O. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
staying at the Lick.
B. F. Hartley, a mining 1 man of Auburn,
is staying at the Grand..
E. J. Marks, a clothing: manufacturer
of St. Louis, is at the Palace.
"W. H. Davis, a drug- dealer of Detroit,
is registered at the Occidental.
. W. W. Douglas. Assistant State Con
troller, is "registered at the Grand.
Robert "W. Irwln, former Hawaiian Min
ister to Tokio, is at the Palace.
FERSONAL MENT1OM.
Here are* promises : of extension _and' of economy
in directions which , have 4ong : been desired. It is to
be hoped both of them can be carried out at the com
ing session; and .'.thaVafter them we may have an ex
tensionm ithis country of fthe' parcels post system,
which is now in operation^betwe'en the United >States
and ; several' foreign nations. '..'¦' ' -. -¦ •'•¦'
Concerning the work of improvement and extension
in the immediate future the Postmaster General said:
"We have carried the postoffice to 30,000,000 doors in
the city; we must now carry it to 20,000,000 people
scattered over 1,000,000 square miles of territory. In
two years we have extended the rural free delivery
.•^.l^J" ove r a ; terri tpry' greater than that of England
ancThave not madej^much fuss about it." Next year
we 'shall .double it and we shall make it so popular,
sh'all fix it so, that no power ori ! earth',' in .Congress or
out of it, can prevent us from carrying • on -the 'work.
There is yet another thought to which I wish to refer,
and' that is the correction of the abuses of "second class
mail matter. I do not want to jnjureXprie, legitimate
publication, but I do^want to see.what cati be done in
limiting private" abuses that sustain themselves' at pub
lic co.st: ;We shallvbe^able to pay thef additional' cost
of rural, delivery^ by- the correction of- these wrongs."
third of all the' employes of all the- railroads. % The
rapidity with which its work has increased and is in
creasing is shown by, the fact that whereas the receipts
and expenditures' of the department twenty years'ago
were, but $30,000,000 annually, the appropriation bill
for the next' -fiscal year carries' nearly v $124,000,000.
Moreover, the_deficits, which at onetime amounted to
as much as $11,000,000 in a single year, are , rapidly
diminishing.. .. ~~
TH.JE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901.
set
SUMMEK RATES at Hotel del Corenado.
Coronado Beach. CaV. effective after April IS.
jeo for round trip. lnc;uding 13 days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montzoraery at.
6
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlea List3 Mallal
on Application.
COAL, COKE A\l> PIQ IRON
J. C frliSON £ CO.. &£"&,&&
-
CW. SMITH, Ih 5 ,* w Un l bln *- S'.eamboat anrt
ML* fc>11 »* 1 "» Sb.Jp Work a specialty l$ and
IS Washington at; Telephone Main tm.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS BOYES& CO. gj^fa^B"^
OILS. . •
«S Front St.. S.K. Phone Main 1718.
PRINTINa.
fcc.maEs.;:,- m .aggB:i,;.,
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.'
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., V
r";O First Street, San Francisco,
.. STATIONER AND PRINTHS?.
806 s^T a PARTRIDGE jgSSff :
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Barbara. Frletchle."
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
TlroU— "The Toy Maker."
Orfheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia; — "Sag Harbor."
Alcazar — "Friends."
Grand Opera-house— "Government Acceptance." '
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninff. , -
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Columbia Minstrels.
Recreation Park— Baseball:
Ferry Building-— Grand Flower Show, May 16, 17 and IS.
Butro Baths — Swimnilnr-
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day. •
AUCTION SALES.
By John J. Doyle— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, Car-
riages, etc.. at S73 Folsom street.
By Fred H. Chase— Monday, May 20, at 11 o'clock, 60 head
Hcrees, at 1722 Market street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYI5G T0W5 FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplatias a. clisngre «t
residence dnrlns the summer months can harn
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Bnsiness Office.
Tkis paj.cr Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and. Is represented by a local agent tm
•11 towns an the coast.LONDON, May 17.— It Is understood that
the commission which th© Government
appointed early in the year under the
chairmanship of Clinton E. Dawkins to
consider War Office reforms has reported
in favor of a scheme of reorganization
that is almost revolutionary.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Edward H. Con
ger, Minister to China, was the guest- of
honor to-night at the third annual ban
quet of the American Athletic Associa
tion, given at Delmonlco's. In his address
he dwelt upon the great possibilities in
China, advocated th$ subsidizing: of Amer
ican ships as a patriotic measure, and re
gretted that our new possessions in tho
Pacific were not reached by American
cables. . - -^
Revolutionary Reorganization.
Conger Favors Ship Subsidy.
Governor Nash, who was to have besn
the special guest of honor, was indisposed
and could not accompany the party. Ha
came in contact with poison oak in Berke
ley's classic shades Wednesday and now
Is j hors du combat. A reception was to.
have been given him at the music stand
on the return trip through the park, but
that had to be abandoned.
The start was made from the Palaco
Hotel at 10:30 a, m. Seven tally-hos were
provided for the guests, of which Henry
J. Crocker's and E. D. Beylard's well
known coaches were two.
General Gleave3, Henry HHp. E. L.
Baldwin, W. B. Wilshire. N. R. Arter and
Dr. C. C. Wadswortb composed the com
mittee in charge of the drive.
Impromptu addresses were made at the
Cliff House breakfast. George W. Sieber
of Akron, Ohio, responded for Governor
Nash. J. W. Faulkner of the Cincinnati
Enquirer, Governor Geer of Oregon, Chap,
lain Collier and Julias Whiting wer»
among those who spoke, while Hemry J.
Crocker responded for th© Californians.
The Ohio Society plans to be out en.
masse at the launching to-morrow. Two
barges have been provided for members
and their friends snd these are to be
placed In the front line of vessels at the
launching.
Ohioans Enjoy the
.Beauties of Park
and Ocean Drives
Poison Oak Compels
Governor Nash to
Forego Pleasures
THE Ohio Society yesterday en
tertained Governor Nash's staff
and the members of his party
with a coaching trip through
Golden Gate Park and breakfast
. at the Cliff House. Eighty per
sons participated In the day'a
pleasure. • \ * <
SNAPSHOTS OF OF SECRETARY LONG'S PARTY AT MARE ISLAND.
At the residence of the officiating
clergyman in Sacramento on Wednesday
evening, April 22, Alfred P. Broughton
and Miss Marie Lavinia Knight, both of
Sacramento, were quietly married. Rev.
H. A. Mayhew of Sacramento performed
the ceremony. The house was handsomely
decorated for the occasion. Only relatives
of the contracting parties and a few in
timate friends were present. The bride
was attended by Miss Nettle Forbes, who
acted as maid of honor, and Miss Emma
Broughton, sister of the groom, who
officiated as bridesmaid. They were
dressed alike in gowns of white organuie
and carried large bunches of pink carna
tions with maidenhair ferns. . The bride
wore a white organdie gown, profusely
trimmed with lace and ribbon. She car
ried a loose bouquet of roses and ferns.
The bride and groom are both widely
known and highly respected. They will
continue to reside in Sacramento and will
be at home Wednesdays at 601 Fourteenth
street.
An enjoyable evening was spent Sunday,
May 12, at the home of the Misses Ella
and Eva McCloskey. 331 Fair Oaks street.
The following named guests assembled to
meet J. B. Terres of Philadelphia: Mr.
and Mrs. D. Drumm, Mrs. Wagner, Misses
K. and A. Wagner, Miss Hixon, W. Wag
ner, J. Wagner, L. Eaton and B. Wagner.
Young Ladles' Institute No. 7 was at
home to its many lady friends eligible for
membership Wednesday evening, May S,
and a very enjoyable evening was had
by all who attended. During the past
year this branch has progressed rapidly,
initiating new members at each weekly
meeting. The first grand vice president
of the order, Miss May Stein, was chosen
and elected from. . this branch, and they
look forward to attaining higher honors.
The programme rendered under the direc
tion of Miss Josephine Shea, Miss Kittle
Burke, Miss" Hanna Fitzpatrick and Miss
Kathryn Buckley, was as follows: Ad
dress of welcome by the president. Miss
Josephine Shea; piano solos, by Miss
Florence Dempsey, Miss Margaret Shea
and Miss May Stein; fancy dancing, by
Anita Cusack, Frances Dougherty, Agnes
White and Miss Solari: duet, mandolin
and piano, Miss Celia Young and Miss
G. McPherson; vocal solos, Miss Nellie
Burns and Miss Mary Lay don. The grand
oflScers present were Mrs. J. P. Sweeney
and Miss May .. Stein, who . both compli
mented | the -Young Ladles' Institute for
its progressiveness and sociability.
The engagement of Miss Gertrude Kraft
of Bed Bluff and Peter C. Gernert of
Louisville, Ky., is announced.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Tillle Ohlandt: and Alfred S. Hammer
smith. " • : . ¦ f
¦Mr. and Mrs. Strouse of Oakland an
nounce, the engagement of their daughter
Bertha to Morris Baum. They will receive
Sunday, May 26, from 2 to 5 p. m.j at 564
Williams street, Oakland. • *
- On Monday last the inmates of. the He
brew Home for the Aged and> Disabled,
507 Lombard street, were treated to a
luncheon by Mrs. Henry Wangenhelm.
The.Mandollnata'Cluo, Professor Louis
Merkl and pupils will give its annual con
cert and dance at Union Square Hall Wed
nesday evening. May 29.
'.¦ Miss Florence Troramlitz will be at home
the last Friday evening of each month at
2029 EncinaJ avenue, Alameda.
. Mr. and Mrs. • Ferdinand *J. Frohman of
409 Clayton street and Carl S. Plant have
left on a prolonged European tour.
; Mr. and Mrs. J. Livingston announce the
confirmation of their daughter Belle at
the Synagogue ' Sherith Israel, Post and
Taylor streets,- on Friday morning. May
24. - They will be pleased to receive their
friends on Saturday afternoon, May 25, at
their, residence, 736 Oak street.
Mr. ¦ and Mrs. Bahr announce the con
firmation of ; their daughter Juliet at the
Oakland synagogue at Twelfth and Castro
streets on Friday. May 24, at 10 a..m.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to
attend the services. . They will receive ' at
their residence, 1232 Pearl street, Alameda,
from 3 to 6 o'clock.- ¦¦-¦¦• -
Miss Cella Stern, -Miss Blanch© Allen
berg and Leo Allenberg are summeringr at
Smith's Villa, Ben Lomond.
: Mrs. .' William Green, who is the guest
of Mrs. Marks, > will be ¦ pleased ¦ to see
her friends on the 21st and 22d at 724
Golden . Gate . avenue, prior . to her depar
ture for. Honolulu. -- .¦•¦_. •'.¦¦"¦¦:-.
. Mlsa . Rosina ' Green will be pleased to
see her friends; on" the 21st and 22d af724
Golden - Gate ' avenue, prior to her depar
ture for Honolulu.
I SOCIETY EVENTS.
Distinguished Guests Steam Up ; the Bay on the Famous \ Cutter McGulloch and Are
Received by an Enthusiastic Populace at Splendid Docks -: of the Government in
Solano County— Shops Are Carefully Inspected by the Hon:/*: , : ; • ¦: ..¦/:
John D. Long and the Dignitaries Who Accompany; '^^'J^^^ss^ss^^^^^^
VALLETO AND MARE ISLAND JOYOIJSLY GREET
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY AND CONGRESSMEN
THE SAN FEANCISCO: CALL; "FRIDAY, MAY 17, 19pi:
The Presidential'- edition -v of the News
Letter contains r a remarkable Republican
souvenir supplement..^ . .. ; , • .;
Among those present were: . John -'S.
Partridge," Thomas G. '- Crothers, -< Marvin
Curtis, J. •/. H. Brown, : Philip * Thompkins,
Frank V. Kessling, Maurice *V. i Samuels;
Edwin- ¦ C.":"." Hammer, -Walter Rodgers,
Maury ', Sims, .. Max L. ¦* Rosenfeld, . Horace
Morgan. Herbert E.' : FIschbeck, :E. . Myron
Wolfe, Paul Bancroft and David Brown, ..
.. A. banquet was, given. Wednesday even
ing by members of the Sigma Nu College
Fraternity living in San Francisco to Hon.
F. H. Heywood of Columbus, Ohio, who
is a member of Governor Nash' s party.
Mr. : Heywood is an- attorney and mem
ber of ~ the Ohio ¦ Legislature - and I is - also
grand treasurer of the Sigma Nu Frater
nity. He is being entertained by. the mem
bers of that organization.' He vfsited Beta
Psi Chapter at Berkeley Wednesday - and
yesterday visited the Beta . Chi at Stan
ford.' ---¦.,. --¦-.-¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦.-.'¦- - ' "-. ¦•••;"¦"¦
Honored by Old College Mates.
FIGHT FOR McGOVERN.
•George Harding, manager of Tim Heg
gerty, who holds the lightweight pugilistic
championship of Australia, and Sam Har
ris, manager of Terry McGovern. have
signed the preliminary agreements for a
fight between the two champions Eome
time In June, before the club offering the
largest 'purse. The details were arranged
last night and the match is expected to be
a drawing card. .
Phil Wand has been selected to act as
referee In the McGovem-Herrera contest
at Bakersfleld this month.
Matched to Meet Tim Heggerty in
DOES NOT FAVOR NEW
BOTJXEVARD COMMISSION
Reed Is Disappointed When Street
Committee Recommends Pas
sage of Substitute Bill.
Supervisor Reed appeared before the
Street Committee yesterday to urge
tcvcrable action on his ordinance provid
ing for the appointment of a Park and
boulevard Commission. Reed said there
•was dire need of more modern parks and
boulevards, and while the committee
agreed with him Supervisor Connor
contended that the work belonged more
properly to the Park Commission.
Dwyer thought the Street Committee
¦was competent to handle such matters
and Chairman Curtis believed that the
purpose of the measure would be accom
plished If the proposed improvements were
handled by the Park Commission and
Hoard of Works jointly., A substitute for
Reed'8 bill was recommended, providing^
that the two bodies named confer with
the Mayor for the purpose of reporting a
plan of new parks and boulevards. Reed
was disappointed at the committee's ac
tion and muttered something about
knocking his pet plan in the head, as he
left the committee room.
Paladini Tugs to the launching.
A. Paladinl will run his splendid new
tugs Alexandria, Walter, Henrietta and
U. S. Grant to the launching of the bat
tleship Ohio on Saturday, May 18. They will
leave the foot of Vallejo street at 11 a. m.
On .the return after the launching they
will make a run around the bay and Goat
Island. A limited number of passengers
only will be takerw Fare 75 cents round
trip. Tickets for sale at Paladini's.mar
ket, 620 Merchant street, and on Saturday
at tho wharf. •'¦-. •
. Repairing Shamrock,-II.
SOUTHAMPTON, . May 16.—Workmen
were busy all day in repairs about. the
rudder of the. Shamrock II. - and the crew
was employed in reburnlshing her man
ganese bronze bottom with an acid which
leaves the surface as bright and smooth
as when she first entered the water. •- ;
Captain Wringe of the Shamrock I in an
interview with a representative of . th©
Associated Press > regarding Monday's
race said that so far as he knew it was a
fair test of speed. He - considered that,
in the form in which the challenger. was'
then sailing:, the Shamrock I could beat
her in fresh winds andthe big head seas,
though he admits-that in -fine.: weather,
•when jackyards :, could-be-carried,; the
challenger would;probably.beat his boat
handsomely. Captain Wringe would not
venture an opinion i regarding • how , much
the. new boat may be improved ¦ by the
alteration of her.sails and hull, now in
progress. *¦ ' - : ¦ : -.' ?\ .
DUBLIN. May 16.— The Irish .People,
William O'Brien's paper/contains a,nine
column attack on Mr.' Wyndham, tho
Irish Secretary, for the 'recent seizure of
the 'paper because of Its insulting refer
ences to King Edward. The general policy
of Wyndham is also assailed. Some of
the sub-heads are the following: . -. ..
"Fools or Assassins,- or Both,". "Better
Castle Lawlessness Than Castle j Cant,"
and "The Meanness of the Rascals." ¦
"Villainy," "Treachery," "Hyprocrisy"
and "Mendacity" are frequently naed in
reference to Mr. Wyndham, who in con
clusion is called a "liar, sneak and back
biter." . ¦: ¦ " .
Nothing Is said against the King. . •
"Wyndham Called "Many Names, but
Nothing Is Said Against
the King. .
WrLHAH - O'BRIEN'S PAPER ,
ATTACKS IRISH SECRETARY
ANSWERS THE COMPLAINT
OF GABFIELD POST, G. A. B.
Supervisor Wilson Says Memorial
Day Celebration Will Be a Citi
i zens' Affair.
Mayor Phelan received a communication
yesterday from Supervisor Wilson anent
the complaint of Garfield Post. G. A. R.,
regarding the memorial day committee.
\V;l«-on who is a Grand Army man, says
the complaint is not well founded, and the
rai ;, m why Garfield Post has not its full
quota of five members on the committee
is that its commander did not present
r2mes for appointment.
The Grand Army comrades generally
were satisfied with the committee. Wilson
said, and it was the Intention to make the
celebration essentially a citizens day to
commemorate the virtues of departed sol
diers and civilians, as public funds are
appropriated for its observance. Wilson
savs in bis communication:
We do not think that the Grand Army has
an exclusive proprietary right In Memorial
Dav We feel that the parents, wives and
others who pave their sons and loved ones a
*acrific«to the nation have an Interest as
gStu our*, a Krier as keen, and as high
!J££e"tIon f or the due observance of that
eacred day as we can have. • . - - v.
LONDON, May 16.— In winding up the
debate on the army bill in the House of
Commons to-day, A. J. Balf our, the Gov
ernment leader, denied that . there was
any large body of opinion-. hostile to the
scheme of Brodrick, the Secretary ' of
State for War. - • ¦¦ - _- > ¦
Balf our contended that it. would-be
impossible to get unanimity among
the soldiers on any scheme of
reform and said . that the. objections to
the ¦ proposed scheme • were fantastic and
groundless. The talks made • upon the
scheme were from several sides and con
sistent with each other and it would be
a crime against the future to allow \ this
oppqrtunity to pass and the popular en
thusiasm to die out after the experience
of the last two years. " . • ¦ ¦ • , ¦ •
The, amendment of Sir Henry Camp
bell-Bannerman, the Liberal . leader, in
which he said the proposition larg-ely in
creased the existing burdens without
adding substantially ¦" to the : military
strength of Great Britain, and asked for
figures and definite statements, was re
jected by a vote of 327 to 211. Brodrick's
scheme was then adopted by a vote of
305 to 163.
In the course of his speech Balfour made
the sensational statement that at one mo
ment toward" the end of 1899 there was in
Great Britain an appalling scarcity -of
small-arms ammunition, with no reserve
of artillery ammunition except what was
actually with the guns retained at home.
Balfour made the revelation in an attempt
to fasten on the Liberals negligence in the
matter of military supplies, pointing out
that the last Libera.1 Government weni
out- of office as a result of the Conserva
tives revealing the insufficient- supply of
small ammunition, which was then 92,000,
000 rounds, instead of 146,000,000, which the
officials regarded as the nominal reserve.
He declared that .the Conservative Gov
ernment had raised this reserve -to 170,
000,000 rounds before the- war broke out.
With reference. to tne dark period of the
war Balfour said: -..,-•.
VI. went' through that period and so far
as I am concerned I never ¦ mean to ' go
through a like period nor to throw, on my
successors the risk of such a strain." . ,•
¦ The Liberal papers seize upon Balf our' s
Brodrick's Suggestions
Accepted in the
Commons. /
NEW ARMY PLAN
FOR THE EMPIRE
The Government's : immediate majority
for Brodrlck's scheme is not regarded
as representing the 'opinion of the House
of Commons. There was no cross-voting,
but Winston Churchill and a few other
Unionists abstained. from .voting. • The de
bate had an artificial character, the Gov
ernment having madts the question one of
confidence. Many opponents of tho
scheme voted for it and even .the Govern
ment organs are inclined to express dis
satisfaction. It 'is- understood that the
scheme will be- considerably modified- in
the subsequent stages of discussion.
sensational statement in ¦ the House, re
ferring to It as "sun amazing- indiscretion."
The Daily News says: "This shows how
near to ruin- Chamberlain . and his col
leagues brought the country."
"To such lighthearted gentlemen," ex
claims the Daily Chronicle, "are the In
terests of a great empire committed."
Sir Courtenay Boyle, . permanent secre
tary to the Board- of . Trade, who also
spoke, referred to the necessity of ¦ alert
ness in meeting the "competition of. ener
getic, friendly, but powerful rivals." 1 . .
'"We* must realise that the United States
Intend,: so far as possible, to make them
selves the manufacturers for the world.
The only -way in which the British ship
owner may. be hit will be' by bountles-or
other preferential treatment, such* as we
In England cannot hope for. - Neverthe
less, despite the advantages enjoyed by
some of our foreign rivals, I am confident'
the British ship owner will be able to hold
his own." ¦ aScMIKS^TJ&TXPi&SfcSSS
; "It is much better for the Americans to
,buy ships . here than to .• build them for
themselves, and nobody can blame Eng
lishmen for accepting American dollars;
but there is an "element of great danger
in x this transfer, because it means a com
bination between .' the -American ] railways
and sea carrying- lines. ; ,
LIVERPOOL, , May IS.— At . the . meeting
of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce
to-day, Alfred Jones, - president of % the
chamber, who Is also the head of the firm
of Elder, Dempster & Co., said: .
Ship-Builders in Fear of
the; Ever Increasing
Competition.
YANKEE ENERGY
ALARMS BRITAIN
The Board of Education and a commit
tee of German citizens addressed the Su
pervisors' Finance Committee yesterday
with a view toward securing an increased
appropriation for physical; culture in the
school department. Director Mark advo
cated open air, playgrounds for the chil
dren. Physical IMrector Magnus asked
for several assistants to aid him in In
structing teachers to give physical cxer
cis-es. He advised the establishment of a
large playground and gymnasium to ac
commodate several hundred pupils and to
cost about $45,000. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall,
president of the California • Club, asked
that 510,000 be allowed to fit up Columbia
Square for a playground. Supervisor
Hotaling suggested that as the Park Com
mission had been allowed the full limit
of 7 cents in the next tax budget that
body should take up the proposition of
etttlng aside certain portions of some
parks for playgrounds. He favored the
immediate establishment of a play
ground south of Market street.
finance Committee Urged to Extend
Physical Culture in tlie De
partment.
FAVORS PLAYGROUNDS
TOB SCHOOL CHILDREN
Chairman Foss, of the House Naval
Committee, and Congressmen Dayton and
Metcalf of the committee, accepted the in
vitation of the Chamber of Commerce to
remain in Vallejo and be their guests at
the Lyceum this evening, where alfairs
which are of most importance to the navy
yard were discussed. The heads of the
departments and foremen at the Island,
and the members of the reception com
mittee were present.
The city is in gala-day dress. Flags
are waving everywhere and the day was
most memorable. Many ladies accom
panied the excursion on the McCulloch.
The banquet at noon was prepared and
served by the ladle? of^yallejo, and the
banquet rooms were beautifully decorated
with ferns, flowers and flags.
lay. At 3 o'clock Admiral Miller and his
staff arrived, escorting Secretary Long
and Rear Admiral Melville. At the ap
proach of the distinguished visitors the
drums beat a roll ana the band struck up
"The Stars and Stripes Forever." A few
minutes later the McCulloch was steam
ing down the bay.
VAL.LEJO. May 16.— With the
Hon. John D. Long, Secretary
of the Navy, and a host of Con
gressmen and other distin
guished iruests on board, the
famous United States steamer
McCulloch steamed into the
r.avy-yard waters at noon to-day. The
Fteam whistles of Mare Island and Val
lejo shrieked a welcome, the bells rang a
sonorous greeting and the populace was
cut in festal attire for the holiday. It
was the first time the flag of a Navy
Secretary had fluttered here since 1S9I,
when Herbert was a visitor, and the peo
ple thoroughly appreciated the honor.
The party started from San Francisco
at 9 o'clock this morning and had a most
enjoyable trip up the bay. Before the
McCulloch was turned toward Mare
Inland a run was made along the water
front of the metropolis and out to the
Golden Gate. Those on board, besides the
Secretary, were: Commander Thomas S.
Phelps. the naval aid to the President;
Admiral G. W. Melville, chief of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering; Senator
Perkins, who is a member of the Naval
Committee of the Senate, and the follow
ine named Congressmen: J. L. Brenner,
Charles Dick, Charles Q. Hildebrand,
Thomas B. Kyle, D. Meekison, R. M.
Kevin. F. O. Phillips. J. H. Southard, J. L.
Snook. Emmet Tompkins. W. R. War
nock. J. H. Bromwell, A. Librand. J. W.
Cassingham and S. Morgan, all of Ohio;
also G. W. Cromer of Indiana, John Dal
zell cf Pennsylvania, John F. Shafroth of
Colorado, George Edmond Foss of Illinois,
A. G. Dayton of West Virginia, Julius
Kahr.. Victor H. Metcalf and J. C. Need
ham of the California delegation. Other
pruests were: United States Judge Morrow,
Stat*» Senators Thomas Flint Jr. and J. C.
Belshaw.
San Francisco's committee on entertain
ment of Congressmen, under whose aus
pices the trip was made, -was represented
by Jair.es P. Currier, Charles Bundschu,
B. H. Rowley, E. Scott, secretary of the
Chamber of Commerce, and Charles E.
Bancroft. Secretary of the Manufacturers*
snd Producers' Association. The Vallejo
and Mare Island reception committee,
which accompanied the excursion from
San Francisco, consisted of J. J. Luch
singcr, Frank R. Devlin, president of the
Chamber of Commerce; James McCudden,
"VV. T. Kelly, president of the Board of
Trustees; George J. Campbell, W. D.
Per.r.ycock, H. JF. Stahl and Lieutenant
Commander Fechtler of the navy yard,
who represented Admiral Miller.
At the navy yard a tremendous crowd
of Mare Islanders and residents of Val
lejo clapped their enthusiastic hands and
shouted their welcome to the chief of the
navy. On the dock was Admiral Miller
and his staff in fulldress uniform. The
Secretary was received with all the cere
mony to which his exalted position en
titles him and then the crowd had another
chance. Long has already endeared him
self to the people by his unostentatious
manner and the populace here was quick
to learn that he is a type of the plain,
admirable American. It was a gracious
welcome he received and he evidently en
joyed it.
The party Immediately proceeded to the
stops cf the new ferry gateway of the
navy yard, and there State Senator Luch
sinper made a brief address welcoming
the Secretary to the island and the Sec
retary gracefully thanked the people for
their expressions of kindness.
President W. E. Gallimore of Lodge No.
2E2. International Association of Machin
ists, then presented Secretary Long with
a facsimile card of membership of th*
•union made of silver and gold and ap
propriately lnscribeJ. It was the gift of
the machinists of the navy yard. The
Secretary in accepting the gift paid high
compliments to the men who presented
it. taying the machinists were^rapidly be
coming the sailors of the navy.
The guests were entertained at luncheon
and then escorted over the navy yard.
Secretary Long promised Mare Island the
request cf Vallejoites to have a cruiser
built at Mare Island in order that me
chanics might be regularly employed
there He seemed pleased to meet the
men and say a few words to each in re
pard to the shops and work. He was
favorably impressed with everything he
eaw.
"I am impressed with your location. It
Is an excellent as well as a beautiful one,"
he said.
At 3 o'clock the party, with the excep
tion cf Congressmen Foss, Dayton and
Lletcalf. left on the return trip. The fare
well to the party was a brilliant spectacle.
Five hundred marines, under command of
Colonel Harrington, marched down to the
quay, headed by the splendid Independ
ence Band. Then Iht excursionists gath
ered about the quay where the McCulloch
7
June.
ARE YOU
Going Hind?
Is • •»? 1 «* * t*M
[The army test. Hold this 13
fnches away and count the spots ]
If your sight is perfect
you can read the following
paragraph 25 inches away.
Most diseases march In step wltn
tho advance of civilization, but troub-
les with and diseases of tho eyes are
ealloping through the length, and
/ breadth of onr country leaving w and
4 our children with sightless eyeballs.
The Reason ? Few^ are
taught how to use the eyes,
and secondly uric acid in
the blood has a strong affin-
ity for the optic nerve. If
your eyesight is failing, if
you have specks and blurs
before your eyes, you are
the victim of kidney dis-
ease, and no time should be
lost in securing and using
Warner's Safe, Cure, which
will put over-worked and
diseased .kidneys in good
health, and the excess of
uric acid will .be driven
from the system instead of
— passing into, and poisoning
it. Failing eyesight in eight
cases out of ten is a danger
signal which should be
heeded.
Send your name and address to
Waszter's Safe Curi Co..
Rochester N. Y.
-Foa Frzx Sample Warner's
Safx Cu&z.
©VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL&
nave been tn use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cur» th«
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
dirarette-sxnolclng. Curs Lost
Manhood. Impotency. L>ost
Power. Nl«cht Losses, I Insom- '
nia. Pains In Back. Erll Desires. Lame Back.
Nervoua Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. *mm jn* Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne*"* KB rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects r e tonmediate.
Impart vigor and C£ " T9 potency to every
function. Don't set despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped orxans.
Stimulate the brain, and nerve centers: 50c a
box; 6 for J2 SO by mall. A written guarantee
?o cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. . Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cat. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 33 and 40 Third St.
1A/. T. HESS.
HOTAHT PUBLIC AHD ATT0BHEY-AT-LAT7.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 921.
I Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.
Saa Francisco.
I"! I PI" n Oil B I Corner Fourth and
I ALL LJIlVAl Market. S. F. Try
I 11 K r nllvul ° ur s^ cial Br - >w -
UHI L IIU IHL. Steam and La*er.
Will *• UW 1111m 5 C . Overcoats and
valises checked fre*.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GL££T:i.
STRICTURES and analogous comslalnta of ma
Organs of Generation.
Price II a bottlo. For safe by druMiattv
- - - . ..¦ • ¦¦'»¦ .DISPLAY OF FLOWERS THIS
YEAR AT THE ANNUAL. SPRING
FLOWER SHOW.
of Sciences Building adjourned yesterda3
evening. The meeting was the first of it;
kind ever held west of Chicago and the
First premiums— Decorated plants. Cox Seed
Company; aspidistra, best pair, Demoto Broth
ers; palms, best nair, Demoto Brothers: best
twenty-four decorated plants, Demoto Broth
ers; best variegated foliage plants, Demoto
Brothers; carnation, best one, Mrs. Pestdorf;
cacti, Mr*. Tricon; bent six carnations, Mrs.
A big crowd was in attendance In the
evening and the many beautiful t-peci
mens on exhibit excited the admiration of
every beholder. The St. Ignatius College
orchestra played some of the latest se
lections and will render a special pro
gramme of musical numbers this evening.
The committee of awards announced the
following named prize winners:
Prize "Winners Announced.
For the best, largest and most meritorious
exhibit of cut roses and cut carnations In
vases, first prize $30. second prize $20.
. Society's gold medal for best general display
of cut flowers and plants ; open to amateurs
only.
J. W. Wallace silver medal for the best ex
hibit of forest mosses.
play of potted plants; open to professional
growers only.
Society's gold medal for best general display
of cut flowers and plants; open to dealers only.
The man who finds fault with his neigh
bor exposes one of his own. *
She will leave Market-st. ferry at 11:15 a.
m. and return after the launching. Tickets,
60c for round trip, at Santa Fe Ticket Office,
Market-et. ferry.
Fifth Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
2377 Huachuca 106 ..'.. Atnipap 10S
2436 Vajallo 103 2400 Torso Maid ....107
"436 Evea G 103 2424 Irma A 105
2377 Royalty 103 2406 Porous 108
<2412) Escalante 106 2449 Sol 103
(2441)Dandy "2!
Sixth Race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; ' selling:
(2459)Flatterer 108 2442 "Wardman 10S
2442 Maresa 10» 2456 Jim Hale 107
2442 Dunfree 10 3
Probable Winners.
First Race— Dan Collins. Lento, Cayenne
Pepper.
Second Race— Yellowtall, Articulate, Da
vid S.
Third Race-^-Carlo, Senator Bruce, B. C.
Greene.
Fourth Race— Gauntlet, Stromo. Malay.
Fifth Race— Royalty, Escalante, Vasallo.
Sixth Race— Jim Hale, Wardman, Maresa.
San Pablo to the Launching.
The Santa Fe will run their splendid steam
er San Pablo to the launching of the battle
ship Ohio on Saturday. May 13. -
Fourth Race — One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
2361 Vohicer 9S| 2437 Stromo 9D
2450 Malay 10"j 2437 Faunette 87
2445 Gauntlet 10SI
Third Race— Four furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse:
2454 Carlo US 2441 Remele 118
24S2 Botany US 2429 B. C. Greene... 118
2417 Sen. Bruce 118 2389 Lady Carlo ..115
2«2 Hon. Sterling.. 118 2315 You You 115
2412 Armado 115
Second Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
(2448)Yellowtall 137 2371 Articulate 125
2461 Mike Strauss... 134 2440 David S 122
2328 Aurora B 135
To-Day's Entries'.
First Race — Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse:
2189 Gypsy Boy 118 2454 St. Sever 115
2452 Shell Mount.... 115 .... Big Massle ....118
2452 Dan Collins ...115 2004 Cayenne Pepp'rllE
2449 Knocking* 115 2449 Lento 118
2441 Clear Sky 115 .... Nonie 115
2441 "Wandering BoyllS Sue Robinson.. .115
FLOWERS that bloom in the spring,
and generally all the year round in
California, were placed on exhibi
tion In the northern end of the
nave of the ferry building yester
day by the enthusiastic floricultur
ists that comprise tho California State
Flcral Society. It was a bewildering mass
of bloom and color, radiant In effect and
redolent. Roses, carnations and ferns,
grasses and weeds from the deep blue
waters of the Pacific, and wild flowers
from mountainside and valley plain were
there In profusion.
Never in the history of the society has
there been a finer exhibition. During the
day light streams came freely in from
above. At night myriads of electric bulbs
cast refulgent rays over all. With these
accessories the beauty of the selected
flowers passes comprehension.
Off in the northern end is a collection of
wild flowers. Simple in their sturdy, yet
delicate colorings, they contrast strongly
with the carefully nurtured hot-house
reared contributions of society and profes
sional growers. Interest, from a botanical
sls-ndpoint, centered more largely in the
wild flowers.
An unavoidable delay in clearing the
hall made the work of preparing the
space a slow one. But the energies of the
committee in charge soon brought order.
The committee consists of F. A. Miller,
chairman, Mrs. J. R. Martin, Mrs. W. S.
Chandler, Mrs. John Knell, Mrs. T.
Sachau and E. Gill. They are assisted by
E. W. Maslen, Mrs. R~ S. Gunnison, Mrs.
Charles Friedman. Mrs. Kate Stewart and
Miss George Barker. When the opening
time arrived almost everything was in
readiness.
Display of Wild Flowers.
One of the prettiest displays of wild
flowers, embracing more than 200 var
ieties gathered within the last few days,
is that made by Mrs. Chandler. Mrs. E.
W. Maslen has a collection of popples
gathered in Alameda County of the single
and double varieties, and in many shades,
ranging from white to the most intense
golden. Mrs. Sachau, from her San
Iycandro gardens, has a display of 110
different varieties of roses. D. O. Mills
sent from his Milbrae conservatories a
rare collection of ferns and orchids, and
the professional growers, at the head of
which stood F. A. Miller of 215 Hayes
street, made displays in proportion to
their capabilities.
Judges were busy all day In examining
the exhibits as fast as they were placed.
Three classes of exhibitors were recog
nized, professional growers, amateurs
and dealers, and prizes were offered with
out number.
Special Prizes Offered.
In addition to medals of silver and
bronze, and certificates of merit, the fol
lowing special prizes were offered;
Mrs. V. K. Maddox sola medal for the best
white rose plant in bloom. ,
Colonel Andrews gold medal for the best col
lection of cut carnations; open to amateurs
only.
California Optical Company's silver medal
for the best cut blooms of American Beauty
roses; open to all.
Society's gold medal for the best general dio-
Frank- W. ; Botsford, who was held to
answer by ' Judge i Fritz on the charge . of
embezzling <jj money ?,from the .. Equitable
Life Assurance Society, of which' he; was
an- agent, •• pleaded . guilty ' In : Judge | Law
lor's court yesterday and was sentenced to
three years' imprisonment at Ban Quentin:
Eotsf ord • Gets Three Years.
Bowie Case Is Submitted.
Augustus. J. Bowie was 6n ; the stand
In Judge Seawell's court yesterday giv
ing additional testimony in his action
against his daughter, Elizabeth A. Bowie,
who is now In Paris. The suit was insti
tuted for the purpose of quieting title to
property on Clay, street, between Franklin
and Goueh. Bowie was - subjected to a
rigid cross-examination . by . Charles S.
Wheeler, who represents the daughter,
but no Interesting facts were developed.
The case was submitted for decision, .
Ah Lin and Wong- Leong\ two Chinese
clamdigrgrers, live In a cubby hole In. the
basement of 621 Jackson street. Ah Lin
Is a physical wreck from the excessive
use of opium, and has been acting- queerly
of late. Yesterday afternoon, while Wong
Leong 1 was smoking" In his bunk, All Lin
attacked him with a shlnglers' hatchet
and cut him in a dozen places on the head.
Sergeant Christiansen and Policeman
Handley arrived on, tha scene and took
the two men to the Receiving Hospital.
Ah Lin had a slight cut on his hand. He
was afterward taken to the City Prison
and booked on a charge of assault to mur
der. Wong Leong was found to have
twelve scalp wounds and a slight fracture
of the skull, but none of the- wounds are
considered' serious. ' ' •
ATTACKS FRIEND WITH
A SHrNGLBB'S HATCHET
Ah Lin, While Crazed by Opium,
Makes a Murderous Assault on ,
WongLeong.
Seven and a half furlongs— Strathbroeck won,
Laura's First second, Airs "Well third. Time,
h-M"M"I"I"I-I"I"I"I"I"I"I-i-I"I"I-;I"I"I-I-I"I' •
McLanahan second, Tom Crabb third. , Time,
:56. . '-
Seven furlongs— Sweet Dream won. Fairy
Day second, Anxious third. . Time,' 1:29.
Six furlongs, selling— Flop won, Eva Wilson
second, Leetka third. Time. 1:14^4.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling — Rice won,
John McElroy second. Filibuster third. Time,.
1:34. . ....
Interesting Paper.
The Pacific States Floral Congress that
convened .three days ago in the Academy
Professor diaries Shlnn Beads an
R. Sprockets; cut flowers, Mrs. Sachau: climb
ins roses, B. Gill of West Berkeley: sprays of
trees and shrubs. In bloom, E. Gill; best and
largest collection of roses, B. Gill: sweet peas,
C. C. Morse & Co.; best and Jarg-est collection
of carnations, three of each, J. H. Bievers;
carnations, best twelve. J. H. Bievers; carna
tions, best twelve, J. H. Sievers: carnations,
best six of six varieties, J. .H. Sievers; plar
gonlums, J. 8. Sievers; pansies, Serveau Broth
ers; best twelve of one variety of roses, J. A.
Carbone; best and .largest collection of rose*,
three of each, J. A. • Carbone; lilies. . J. A.
Carbone. , . - » ¦
Second premiums— Ferns,— Mrs. B. Lampe:
cut flowers. Mrs. Pestdorf; best and largest
collection of roses, F. Ludemann.
Special, premiums— American Beauty roses, A.
S. Beatty: potted plants, A. S. Beatty; cut
roses, J. A. Carbone.
Special nrlze— Best white rose plant, Mrs.
K. M. Stewart. . • „ f ¦ „
First prize— Beat rose, exhibit. Frank Peli
cano. ¦
IXOBAL OONCKRESS ADJOURNS.
2-JC3. SIXTH RACE— One m!le; handicap
four-year-olds and up; purse. |40O.
Index.! Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2443 Hagerdon. 4, 108....Collis 112 12 1 2
<2<120)The Fretter, 5 122. .Ruiz 4 32 21 21*
£432 B. Ormonde. 3, 107. Bass 5*2 45 32
2246 Lena, a, 95 ..Ransch 2 4 1 3 n 4 5
S4S9 Sunello. 4. 88 Hoar 6 6 H 6 10 5 2
2459 MiMion, 4, 102... ..Hafley 8 5 2 5 >4 c 15
2422 Matilda O. 3, SO.Jackson 7 7 7 7
TJine-K. :25; %.' :«>4: %. 1:15; mile, 1:4034.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. H. L. Frank's b. g. by i mp .
Feher-Lady Richmond. Haperdon broke away
on the rail and was never headed. The Fretter
ran his race. Lena has suspicious underpin
ning. Mission a disappointment.
Betting— Hacrerdon. 5; The Fretter 13-5; Beau
Ormonde. 4: Ix>na. 14-5; Sunello. 30; Mission,"
7; Matilda O, W.
24<!2. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin
21*2 K. Gibbons, a, 103. Ranch 4 11 12 12
244S J. MrCleevy, 5. 108. Bass 3 4 2 3 V4 2 h
•440 S. of Tarsus. 4, IP:,.Alxdr 5 2 1 2 h 3 2
2412 N'ovla, 6. 104 Russell 13 2 4 2 4 h
2423 Tule. 6, 105 Prior 7 5h 5h 5 3
2i:i7 Br. Prince. 6, 103. Stuart 6 6 U (U 6 xt.
2440 Onyx. S, 107 Hazard 9 8 1 717 1
2408 Dr. Nemb'la. 5. lOa.CollIslO 9 3 8 6 8 10
23fi9 Firelight II. 4. lOS.Powllll 11 9 1 9 1
2453 Tlrona, 4. 110 Blair 8 10 6 10 1 10 1
2428 Racetto, 4. 107..Bozeman 2 7 1 11 U
Time-U. :24H: H. :49%; %, las. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. George Webb's b. m. by Buckmaster-Ladv
Winston. Winner fresh and played In luck
McCleevy finlehed gamely. Saul of Tarsus not
a stayer. Novta weakly ridden. r>r. Xembula
a fractious actor at the post. Scratched—
Candlelight II 108.
Betting— Katie Gibbons. 7; Jim McCleevy 10-
Eaul of Tarsus, S-2: Novia. E; Yule, 60: Brown
Prince. 12: Onyr. 15; Dr. Nembula, 11-5; Fire
light II. 100; Tieona, 25; Racetto, 15.
Time— 1-15. :C7: U. :25; %. :49; %, 1:15: 6'^f,
1:22. Good etart. Won all out. Second and
third driving. Winner. D. S. Fountain's ch g
by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Russell's ride on
Doublet this outing a marked Improvement
over his former effort. Mike Strauss couldn't
last. Gibraltar a bad betting proposition.
Betting— Doublet. 2: Good Hope. 5-2; Mike
Ftrauss, 12; Gibraltar. 5-2; Castake, 15; Alas
40.
2401. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin
2432 Doublet. 4. 107, ..Russell 12 2 11 1 iu
24S1 Good Hope. 5. 107.Alxndr 4 55 32 25
2426 M. Strauss. 4, 107.. Hoar 6 lh 2 1 3 1
2444 Gibraltar, a, 114. ...Ruiz 3 SI 6 3 4«
2403 Ceetake. «. 110... Romero 2 6 4n 5 2
242S Alas. 4, 10e....Barsinger 5 416 6
Betting— Rory Ough. 7-2; Jarretiere d'Or
•-2: The Giver. 11-2; Louwelsea, 18-5; Dl
vlna, 2.
24GO. THIRD RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, 1350.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin
2436 Rory Ough, 118..Alexndr 2 11 11 12
2424 Jarretlere d'Or. 115. Ruiz 5 5 2 2 2 2
2436 The Giver. 118. ...Ransch 3 3 Vi 4 1 3 h
(2436) Lou welsea, 115..Basnger 4 4 h < 2 4 n
2365 Dlvlna, IIS Shields 1 2n 5 5
Time-3-16. :18; %. :24H; %. :49%; 5%f. 1:08.
Good etart. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Lodge & Co.'s ch. c. by
Imp. Friar Tuck-Queen Kapiolanl. Rory was
not short to-day. Louwelsea had a rough trip
being cut oS twice on the back stretch. The
Giver was cut off by Dlvina three furlongs
from home.
2459. SECOND RACE — Futurity course;
felling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
<2442) Flatterer, 102... Hoar 4 4 1 4 2 1 IV.
2442 P. Titanla. 102... Ransch 3 5 2 3% 23"
(2446)O. TolJe. 108.. Alexander 6 3 h 2 h 3 1
2442 Scalawfcg. 89 Stuart 7 6 4 S4 4^
2424 Cora Goetz, 97.. Fauntlry 2 11 11 5 3
2442 Follow Me, 99... ...Fox 1 7 7 .6 15
2448 Carlonlan. 101 ..Materne 5 2 h 6 1 7
Time— To U. :21; to %. :46; last %, 1:01%;
ehort K. 1:11%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, F. D. Welr'e br. c. by
Emperor-Flattery. Winner much the best. He
¦won after being badly Interfered with on
fstretch turn by Cora Goetz. Ransch on the
Princess rode a poor race. Scratched—In
vlctus 104.
Bettinr— Flatterer. 7-5; Princess Titania. 8-5;
Oscar Tolle. 10; Scalawag, 12; Cora Goetz, 10;
Follow Me. 400; Carlonian, 100.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Thursday,
May 16, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2458. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up: purse. $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2<53 McAlbert, 6, 105... Hoar 2 1 h 11 13
2356 Leti&er. 4, 103.... Stuart 8 9 hi 5 Vi 2 ns
2440 K. Walcott, 4. 105..Enos 7 3 h 2 3 2
2<T3 H. Thatcher. 4. ICo.Rnsh 12 2 3 h 4 M
2-I40 Hilary. 4. 105. . . Fauntlry 9 8 4 4 hk 5 2
2448 Nilgar. S, 105 Hafley 4 5h €1 6 3
(3021) Mainstay, a, 108..Alexdr 5 6% 8 2 7 3
2440 G. Finder, 4. lOo.MaternelO 4 H 1 Vz 8 1
£302 J. Mussle, a, 108.Bassngr 6 10 6 9 2 9 2
2425 C. le Bel, «, 105.Fearyll 11 11 10 10 10
2168 Talma, 4. 10S..Bozeman 3 7 % 11 11
Time — H. :25; »*. USX: %.. 1:15. Good start.
Von easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, James Wilson's ch. g. by Imp. Albert-
Lorena Mac. Winner enjoyed clear sailing.
Letiger broke away from the inside and was
cut off at start, being a slow beginner. Harry
Thatcher won't do. Gold Kinder poorly rid
den. Joe Mussle very sore. Talma ran away
with boy' while being warmed up. Scratched—
Casdale 105.
Betting— McAlbert, 11-5; Letiger. 15; Katie
Wolcott. 20; Harry Thatcher, 16-5: Hilary. 10;
ICilgar. 12; Mainstay. 30; Gold Finder. 6: Joe
Mussle. 20; Charles le Bel, 60; Talma, 30.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Always as elusive as the little pea so
hard to pick from under the three innc
c«nt appearing walnut shells in season
around circus time. The Fretter fooled
PCme of them again by finishing second
In the handicap at Oakland yesterday. It
occurred In the sixth act of. a drama
responsible for the downfall of two other
favorites. Hagrerdon, it was reported, pos
sessed a round trip ticket and, with his
lupgage checked through, nothing could
etop him. Don Cameron's big horse drop
ped in the betting from 6 to 4 and won
whistling for brakes in 1:40ft. The odds
on The Fretter backed from twos to 13 to
5, and he was left on second base. Lena,
the second choice, had a "Charley horse,'
lesing the show to Beau Ormonde. •
Thirteen bookmakers made weight and
were kept busy, at least several of them,
rounding things up. Two or three seemed
to be wise to the fact that certain horses
on this particular occasion would do well
and incst have grabbed something for
themselves. The attendance was large as
usual.
McAlbert took the opening sprint at six
furlongs in walking-fast time. Played
from 5 to 2 to 2, Hoar let the gelding slip
to the front, and with plenty in reserve
bf-at Letiger three lengths. Katie Wal
cott, at 25 to 1, ran third.
Ransch v on Princess Titanla put up a
most unintelligent ride in the Futurity
course run following, and Flatterer, the
favorite, won again. The last named colt
was cut off on the stretch turn, but later
on Btruck smooth Bailing, downing the
Princess more than a length. The show
fell to Oscar Tolle.
Seme weeks back EMvina ran second to
Flora Pomona In a stake decided at Tan
foran, and because of that was Installed
favorite for the five and a half furlong
scramble for two-year-olds. She finished
last. Rory Ough, piloted by Alexander,
came back with all his 6peed, winning
hands down from Jarretlerre d'Or. Lou
welsea received extensive support and got
all the worst of some rough riding, being
alrrost thrown to her knees by Jarretlerre
d'Or Just after getting out of one unpleas
ant predicament.
Conceded that he was meeting a much
cheaper lot of horses, Doublet turned a
very neat somersault In the six and a
half furlong concert, fourth to be decided.
Sent to the post favorite, Russell rode
him with excellent Judgment, winning
cleverly from Good Hope. Gibraltar was
bet on, but would not extend himself.
Ransch, astride the 7 to 1 shot, Katie
Gibbons, made a runaway race of the slx
turlong number following. Jim McCleevy,
a 12 to 1 shot, ran second a head before
Saul of Tarsus. The favorite, Dr. Nem
bula, acted badly at the post, running
back in the bunch.
The Fretter, a Favor
ite, Outfooted From
the Start.
?
Rory Ough Enjoys a Return
of His Speed— Hoar Rides
Well.
BY F. E. MHLHOLLAND.
HAGERDDR WINS
THE HANDICAP
FUTURE PLANS
FOR NORTHERN
Union Pacific People Are
Taking Care of New
Purchase.
Outlook for a Harmonious
Agreement Between the
Different Interests.
Special Dlsj>atch to The Call.
XEW YORK, May 16.— Union Pacific In
terests, having bought control of the
Northern. Pacific as a means of protecting
their own property, are now considering
plans for taking care of their new pur
chase. Plenty of rumors were current in
Wall stret to-day as to the form these
plans would take. One of the- stories was
that the Union Pacific would take over
the Northern Pacific stock acquired by
the Harriman-Kuhn-Loeb party, Issuing
convertible bonds for it. This report was
discredited. The fact is that the interests
which have bought heavily into Northern
Pacific have tentatively discussed various
projects, but have arrived at nothing
The o'uUook for harmonious agreement
between this party and the JP»: M °rS*£
Interests is admirable and it is highly
probable that both sides will consult amic
ably before •disposing of any impormnt
phase of the situation. The result is like
ly to be better conditions in the North
wester, from the standpoint of a holder
of railroad shares, than prevailed thera
before the Burlington deal was ever con
te rlmarkable la CT?e rumor which got Into
print to-day and was pronounced ridicul
ous in authoritative quarters was that the
recent sharp decline in Union Pacific com
mon shares was forced by the men In con
trol of that road In order to bring about
the low price at which Northern Pacific
antagonists could pick up bargains and
thuscement the bonds of reunion. Finan
ciers commented on this story to the er
fect that they had yet to hear of the real
owners of an Important property aiming
to cheapen It in order to let other m«a ac
quire it. .
FITZ JOHN PORTER
IS SERIOTJSLY ILL
General Is Eighty Years Old and
There Js No Hope of His
Recovery.
MORRISTOWN. N. J.. May 18.— General
Fits John Porter Is very ill. He has been
ill for the last three years with chronic
diabetes. Recently his disease has taken
a serious turn, and It la feared that ha
may die at almost any time. Dr. O. S.
Willis, his attending physician, doe» not
hold out any hope for the recovery of his
patient, who Is nearly 80 years old.
General Porter's son and daujrhter-ln
law are now at his bedside, having been
called there from New York because of
his serious condition. Last summer Gen
eral Porter had an attaek similar to the
present one, but not so rferlous. General
Porter Is a conspicuous figure In the his
tory of the Civil War because of his dis
missal from the army, after a court mar
tial, and his reinstatement, after a court
of .inquiry.
N. P. C. It. B.
The commodious steamer "Sausallto**
will leave the Sausalito Ferry Slip, at the
Union Depot, foot of Market street, Satur
day, May 18th, at 11:45 a. m. for the
launching of the battleship "Ohio." Fare,
50 cents.
French Cyclist Wins.
FARIS, May 16.— In the bicycle race to
day for the world's championship between
"Major" Taylor, the colored American
rider, and Jacquelin, the French crack
cyclist, at the Pare des Princes, in the
Bols do Boulogne, Jacquelin won easily by
ten yards. Three races had been ar
ranged. The first, 1333 meters, was won
by Jacquelin by a wheel. The second, one
kilometer, was won easily by Jacquelln.
The third, 2000 meters, was therefore un
necessary.
. Verse, fiction, articles suiting the times.
In the Presidential edition of the Newi
Letter. . •
FORT SCOTT. Kan., May 16.— The an
nual meetings of the Kansas and Colorado
Pacific and the Fort Scott Central rail
way companies, both branches of the Mis
souri Pacific, were held here to-day.
George Gould was elected president: C. G.
Warner, vice president: A. H. Calef. sec
retary and treasurer; G. H. Richards, as
sistant secretary: r>. S. H. Smith, assist
ant treasurer. A. H. Webb, C. E. Benton
and George O. Bacon were elected di
rectors. ;- > ";¦
George Gould Elected President.
members of the California State Floral
Society, under whose auspices it was con
ducted, are highly pleased with the re
sults.
A complete volume of the proceedings
of the congress will be published In a
short time and distributed upon subscrip
tion. It will contain valuable essays on
the subject of the flora of the State, pre
pared by the most eminent authorities.
The volume will be elaborate and the cost
of its preparation will be expensive. For
this reason It will be published by sub
scription and those desiring copies are re
quested to send their names to the sec
retary of the society, Mrs. Austin Sperry.
Dr. I>avld Starr Jordan, who was to
have read a paper on "How Plants
Think," was detailed at the university
and his failure to appear at the congress
was somewhat of a disappointment to the
audience. Several other papers that were
on the programme were not read.
Professor Charles H. Shlnn of the Uni
versity of California read a paper under
the topic of "Floral Literature of Cali
fornia." He advocated the publication of
an organ for the advancement of floricul
ture In the State. The remainder of yes
terday's programme was as follows:
Prayer, Dr. William Kader; vocal solo, Mme.
Tojettl; question box, twenty minutes; "Pacific
Coast Mosses and Lichens," Professor Joslah
Keep, Mills College: "Hardiness of Palms."
Thomas Compton, Mont eel to; "Hardy Orna
mental Bamboos and Grasses," Dr. P. Fran
ceschl, Santa Barbara; "Water Gardening in
California," Edmund .D. Studervant, Los An
geles.
Afternoon session — "Demands of the Floral
Trade In San" Diego." Miss Kate O. Sessions,
San Diego; "Fleldgrown Roses for the Trade,'*
John Gill, West Berkeley; "The Dahlia," John
Leedehm, Santa Cruz; reports of committees.
At the conclusion of the reading- of the
reports of various committees. In which
the- officers of the society were highly ar>
plauded for their noble work In the Inter
est of floriculture, the convention ad
journed.
BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS OF MANY HUES FILL FERRY DEPOT NAVE
, ' ft ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO C4LIi, r FRIDAY;: MAY 17, 1901,
Five and a ' half furlongs— Lady Kent • won,
Jena second, Anna' Lauretta - third. Time,
l:08tf. . '.-....- .: .- .^^M.iu^lwi^;^'
Four end a . half: furlongs— Kingford. won.
CHICAGO, May IS.— Worth summary:
•Four and a half furlongs — The Esmond won,
Gracchi second, Arigat third. Time, :55 2-5. -
Six furlongs— The Rush won, Sevoy second,
Isaline third. Time. 1:13 3-5.
One mile— Impromptu won, Zac&tosa second,
Free Lance third. . Time, 1:42 1-5. , :
One mile, match — Robert Wadfiell won. Oper
ator second. Time. 1:411-5. . • •• -
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Birdie D won.
El Caney second, Ida V thlra Time. 1:48 8-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hosl won,
Golden Scepter second, Ollie J third.' Time,
1:50..- ;•;• ... . w. . , ¦•¦
CINCINNATI. May 16.— The attendance at
Newport to-day was » large. \ Summary: ¦¦¦;. '.-
Six furlonge— Prince Esher.won, Elsie Barnes
second. Beauty Brook third. Time, 1:16V4. • '
One mile — Long Flo won, Dolly Wagner sec
ond. Cross Ties third. Time, 1:42%.
Five furlongs, Clipsetta stakes— Endurance
by Right won, Foundling second, Lingo third.
Time. 1:02. . ••
One mile— Isobel won. Johnnie McCarthy
second. Scarlet Lily third. Time, 1:42%.
Five furlongs— South Trimble won, Hunter
Raines second, Marcos third. Time, l:03'i.
Seven furlongs, selling— Bill Massie won,
Uledi second. Velma Clark third. Time. 1:30.
ST. LOUIS, May 16.— Fair Grounds summary:
Six furlongs, selling — Donna Bella won. La
Desirous second, Dattus third. Time. 1:15.
Four and a half furlongs— Marie Bell 1 won.
Rosy Cross second. Ruby Ray third. v Time,
:55»4. - ..:. ¦¦ .
Seven furlongs— Brulare won. Hardly sec
ond, Ladas third." Time, >1:27%.
Four and a half furlongs, .the Debutante
stake, for: two-year-old flllles, S1500—Walna
moinen won, Helen Print Second, Flora. Po
mona third. Time, :55.
One mile — Dissenter won. Hottentot second.
Propeller third. Time, 1:40%.
Mile and an' eighth, selling— Barbee won,
Linden Ella second. Lady of the West third.
Time, l:Ktt. \ ,
CINCINNATI,- May 16.— Latonla summary:
Six furlongs, selling— Petra II won. Judge
Warden second. Robert Metcalf third, lime,
1:1614. ¦
Five furlongs, selling— Leodlce -won, Red
Damsel second. Carroll D third. Time, 1:00%.
The Van Nest, six and a half furlongs. sell-
Ing—Colonel Padden won,- Animosity second,
Brandysmash third. Time, 1:22V4.
One mile — Lanceman -won. Semlno'.e second,
All Saints third. Time, 1:43%.
The Claremont handicap, six and a half fur
longs—King Pepper won, The Rhymer second.
Belle of Lexington third. Time, l:22Vi.
Mile and. an eighth— Raftaello won, Latson
second. First Whip third. Time, 1:57.
EASTERN RACING.
NEW YORK. May 16.— Morris Park sum
mary:
rl
8
He thinks he- lives, trot he's a dead
one. No person is really alive whose
_ -^^^^^^^^^^^ most people spend nearly all their time
warm, stuffy houses^ or offices or
; \ >^f&~^§iplF^5? :r P SM workshops. Many don't get as much
: JlP* exercise as they ought, and everybody
knows that people gain weight in
dlllWltff rn^^i \ 1 iff fiti^ ' wm ter. As a rule it is not sound
but means a lot of flabby fat
lH f^^^Mg^jJf^^^Hafe/ anc^ useless, rotting, matter staying in
9 *^ e body when it ought to have been
driven out. But the liver was over-
burdened, dcadcncd-^toppcd work. There
you are, with a dead liver, and right now is
the time for resurrection. Wake up the dead!
t y Get all the filth out of your system, and get
ready for the summer's trials with clean, clear blood, body, brain free from bile. Force
is dangerous and destructive unless used in a -gentle persuasive -way, and the right plan
is to give new strength to the muscular walls of the bowels, and stir, up the liver to new
life and work with CASCARETS, the great spring cleaner, disinfectant and bowel tonic
Get a 50c box to-day— a ; whole month's treatment— and see how quickly you will be
te' ',. ELpUCIIT TACK TO TOi LITE BY .
¦¦^¦¦fc^^ LIVER. TONIC __ maBfGsr7^^^^^
ALL DRUGGIS'rl^^ 11^^^ - ™ -F Jl B IlA***^^^ S0LD BUUC
AlinP a11 towel troubles, appendicitis, bU- AllinillTPPn TOCTEF,:rit(iy Mr ,., 8
I " 1 1 U L Ioix«ne»», bad breath, bad blood, wind nillsDngVlTLLn tho flrmt »>os of CascjCIs*
IBlltir on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul g* 1 9 ii f| U IB 1 |" B" | ITS wa. .old. -Vow it W
_ UU 1 1 Umoatli, headache, indigestion, pimples, UUrlllllll I ILBaLJ ZZXl £• »»"«••»* bo:s- " »
- pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion similar medicine fa lha world ttTi*. iV«£.«L* n ttny
and dizziness. \Wn yoar bowels don't move re S n- jSIt m^and •aV^t^e'u-oni-V. U xrXEE?<SS3?Z£
larlr rott are getting Sick. Constipation kills more will sell ClSGABETI absolutely guaranteed 1 to ,(»r. £2
people than I all other • diseases together. It la a 5? on «T refunded. CN» buy today, two SOc 1.01c, s i ve them a
starter for the chronic aliments and longf years of Si r ii?J?2 -^ * « U a ".»* p Bll "Rl2 «" rec * lo »"» •"»«» »f yoa nr «
suffering that eome afterwards. No matter what ¦_* "* t d ? h ' 9 J ?;™^^5^2"JL *^ b ,°- 3 5; r **' l VC' t 5* liai »»* dSO «
a«s yon* .tart taking CASCAUETS^ to-day, for you wtol"^USS2LiWU- iUey SSJ^ftfi
¦i will never get well and be well all the time until i>««.. T»k« onr .dvict-no matter wiot aiiiTou-Zrt ti
; '.: you put your bowels right. Take our advice; start day. Health will qaleklr fbllow and jroawlllblenth<id» '
with CASOABETS to-day, under, an absolute guar- yonnmt^tartedthe S»e»<CA8CA»ET&. B«okfreei>ySu3t
antee to eure or money refunded., \ ; J ~*^^'*? ia^?.8BJLEDl_CO.i-_»IW j IORlt or C1UUAGO."Steamer Movements.
• NOTE— In the ! above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but threo
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast • Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the r.hartn. The • plane . of reference
is the mean of- 1 the lower. low waters.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
TO ARRIVE.
Peter Fay, ! one of the pioneer boatmen
on the water front, passed away at his
home on Vallejo street early yesterday
morning. More than forty years ago he
was boarding ships that came here from
the ends of the earth and ten years -ago
there was no better known. or more re
spected man on the front. About that
time he retired from business and the
water front only : knew - him as a visitor
thereafter. For years he did all the boat
ing for the Golden Gate Market .and his
headquarters were at the Vallejo street
wharf. Fay was almost the last, of the
old boatmen who were in. their prime
when Captain Dunleavy joined the police
force.
Passing of an Old Boatman.
To-night the local aeries will entertain
the officers and delegates at a banquet at
the Palace Hotel. This event, judging
from the preparations which have been
made by the committees, should prove the
most delightful affair in the history of the
present Grand Aerie.
Jerome Bassitt of San Francisco Aerie
No." 5 acted as . toastmaker/. . Short and
appropriate addresses were made by Oscar
Hocka, president of the local aerie; Grand
President Littlefield, Dr. J. B. Schwatka
of Baltimore, I Albert Ritchie of Omaha,
and several of the local Eagles." "After the
meal time was allowed for the visitors to
enjoy a plunge in. Sutro's baths. The re
turn drive was made " through Sutro
Heights and Golden Gate Park.. .
The fight which is being, waged by the
several cities for 'the honor of entertain
ing the next Grand Aerie is< at present
the absorbing topic of interest among the
delegates. Denver, Omaha, Atlantic City
and Dallas all have energetic delegations
working in their favor. Milwaukee en
tered the contest yesterday with a' flatter-
Ing offer and has a committee of citizens
working. to secure the prize.
Indications seem to point to the setec
tion of Dr. J. B. Schwatka for the posi
tion of grand worthy president. He has
a strong delegation campaigning in his
favor and there appears to be an under
lying opinion that he will secure the
honor. Dr. Schwatka's claims are being
opposed in a friendly manner by Attorney
Del Carey _Smlth of Spokane, Wash.;
Charles Flynn of Baker City, Or., and As
sistant Chief Palatier of the Kansas City
fire department. .
The" delegates returned so late from
their drive to the Cliff House that the
afternoon session was postponed until the
evening, when constitutional amendments
and resolutions were considered.
The grand" officers ] and delegates of the
Grand Aerie of Eagles, accompanied., by
their wives and 'daughters,' enjoyed a'de
llghtful drive yesterday to the Cliff House
and surrounding- points of Interest. ' It
was a merry crowd of Eagles that assem
bled at 10 o'clock in Pioneer Hall, the ap
pointed rendezvous, where. gayly ..deco^
rated carriages and tally-hos ' had been
provided." The 'party' was driven' first
through the Presidio and thence to the
Cliff House, where, on the veranda over :
hanging the ocean and in full sight of the
seals ; sporting in the water and on the
rocks below, the Eagles - enjoyed 1 ; their
luncheon. ; More than 200 sat down at the
table.: r : - - ; ••
Several Cities Desire to. En
tertain the Next Grand
Aerie.
Delegates Visit Golden
Gate 'Park and Su
tro Heights.
EAGLES ENJOY
RIDE TO CLIFF
pool, for New Tork.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 16— Stmr Sta'e of
Nebraska, from Glasgow.
Sailed May 16— Stmr La Lorraine, for Havre;
stmr Kaiserin Maria Theresa, for Bremen, via
Cherbourg and Southampton; stmr J>eutsch
land, for Harature, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr H H Meier, for Bremen.
Arrived May 16 — Stmr Pennland, from Ant
werp. _
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 16, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or. at 1
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge
— ?
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Unlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point; ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May lfr-Stmr West
minster, from San Francisco, via Corona and
Et Vincent, C V.
GLASGOW— Arrived May JS— Stmr Sicilian,
from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 16-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed May IS— Stmr Statea
dam, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed May IS— Stmr Marquette.
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 16— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool.
Sailed May lfi — Stmr Teutonic, from L'ver-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived May 14— Stmr Scotia, from
New York, via St Michaels.
KALMOCTH— Sailed May 15 — Br ship Lang
fiale, for Dunkirk; Br bark Kilmallie, for
Cardiff.
for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 13— Fr bark Louis
Pasteur, from Portland.
COLON— Arrived May 13— Stmr City of Wash
ington, from New York-
Sailed May 14— Stmr Finance, for New York.
HONGKONG- Arrived prior to May 15— Stmr
Victoria, from Tacoma.
DEAL— Passed May 14— Br ship Sir Robert
Fernie, from London, for San Francisco.
KIXSALE— Passed May 15— Br ship Alclnous,
hence Jan 15, for Queenstown.
FRENCH BARK JANE GUILLON, WHOSE CARGO OF AUSTRALIAN
COAL. CAUGHT FIRE FROM SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION LAST
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
The Fr bark Jane Guillon, lying at Mission 2.
•oal laden, has cargo on fire. Fire boat is
jumping water into hold.
Nor Btmr Honla, from Oyster Harbor, for
!an Francisco, struck a rock and returned to
ioyal Roads. Survey was held this morning
»nd vessel la supposed to sail this afternoon
or £an Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 16, 10 p m— Weather
oggy; wind west, velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived May 14— Ship Florence,
rom Honolulu.
Sailed May 16— Br bark Beechdale. for Call&o.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 16— Stmr Coro
iado. from Grass Harbor;
Sailed Mey 16— Schr Laura Madsen. for Grays
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 16—
tmr Mineola, from Nanaimo. : .
Sailed May 16— Stmr Aberdeen, for Eureka.
SAN DIEGO— Bailed May 16— Stmr Alcatraz.
EUREKA— Arrived May 16— Stmr Alliance.
¦»r>ce May "IS; nchr Jessie Minor, from Hono
ulu; i>chr Alcalde, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 16— Stmr Ruth, for Ban Fran-
POHT GAMBLE— Arrived May 18— Schr Wm
Maea, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in May 16— Schr
¦Vni Olsen.
Arrived May 16— Schr Annie M Campbell,
rom rdiao; schr Carrier Dove, from Val
rVKAMID HARBOR— Arrived April SO— Ship
Mental, hence April 7; stmr Chllkat, hence
LprU 21. . '
POINT ROBERTS— Arrived May 10— Stmr
iuinnnt, h<?n<e May 1. *• ¦
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 16— Schr An
tie M Ch.nnj\,c.n. from Callao.
EASTERN PORT.
XEW YORK— Sailed May 15— Stmr Advance,
or Colon.
FOREIGN POUTS.
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Arrived May 15—
'.r Ktrr,r HoyjJist, from Sydney, to load for
an Kranc lsco.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 10— Xor stmr Tita
ia, h*-nce May "12
.SYDNEY— Sailed May 13— Ship Emily Reed,
or Honolulu.
ACAPITLCO— Sailed May 14— Stmr Acapulco.
<K Fan Krencisco.
;ji:nENSTOWN— Arrived May 15-Ger ship
( illkummen, -from Oregon. May 16 — Br ship
\Mittmm. hence Jan 15; Ger bark Alsterufer,
rom Oregon; Fr bark Eugenie Fautrel, hence
an 22.
HAMBURG- Arrived May IC-Ger bark EI1
••~k. treat Portland, Or
NEWCASTLE, England— Arrived May 16— Br
»>rk Inverurie, hence Dec 18.
LlVrilI'(K»]^-Arrive<1 May 16— Br Btmr
v e*tmin6ter, hence Feb 16. ' ' • •
LONDON— Sailed May 1C— Kr ship Rivers- ,
s!«\ for San Diezo.
ST VINCENT— Arrived May 16— Dutch stmr ;
vilholmina, from Oregon.
PAIs'AMA— Sailed May 14— Stmr Leelanaw,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Eliipping Inteligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 16.
Ftmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
Ban Diecro, etc.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, S3 hours from
Crescent City.
Mmr Pomona, Ehea, 17>4 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 88 hours from
Hoquiam.
Ptmr National City, Dettmera, 14 hours from
Fort Braeff.
Stmr fcan Pedro, Jahnsen, 44 hours from San
Hedro.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 25 hours from
EEnxcka.: bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Prorrero, Monroe, 88 hours from Ta
'cr.ia.
Ktmr Gipey, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
P-arge Santa Paula, McGovern. hours
fr.^m Ventura.
Fr hr Jennie . Griffin. Campbell, 5 hours from
Puint Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday,' May 16.
Ftmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle; Thoe Pollard
Br stmr Indrapura, Hollingsworth, Portland;
Ed Lichtenbers.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 16.
Ctmr Hv&cm, Garllcht Seattle.
Ftmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria, etc
Stmr Greenwood, Faterlund, .
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Halnlf-r, Hanson, Seattle. .
Stmr Sfquola. Winkle. .
Ptrr.r Whitesboro. Ol«»n. — — .
lir Ftmr Indrapura, Holllngnworth. Portland.
Pr stmr Victoria. Blakey, Chemalnus.
Fhlp Geo Curtis, Calhoun. Honolulu.
Esrk L*vl G Burgess, Younggren, Tacoma.
Bark Albert. Griffith, Honolulu.
Bktn John Smith. Anderson. Port Blakeley.
Schr Sadie. IVestdahl. Umpqua River.
S<-hr Eliz Miller, Brummer, Coos Bay.
Schr Bella, Hanson, Biuslaw River.
SPOKEN.
April 6. lat 51 B, ion €6 W— Ger bark Lls
jeth, from Shields, for Santa Rosalia
April 29, lat 3 N. Ion 30 W— Br Bhlp Prov
nce. from Portland, for Queenstown.
May 7. lat 43 N, Ion 16 W— Ger bark Als
:rrufpr, from Portland, for Queenstown.
May 12, lat SI N, Ion 12 W— Fr bark Eu
renie Fautrel. hence Jan' 23. for Queenstown.
Notice is hereby sriven of the following
change? In the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affects the "'List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901":
Taquina Bay, Oregon, page 45. South end of
r«>«r buoy No. 1. a bicck first-class can. re
ported adrift April 6. 19C1, was replaced on its
Ftation about a quarter of a mile 8. by W.
from the end of the reef on April 27, 1901.
Strait of Juan de Fuoa, Washington, page 71.
Point Wilson buoy No. 6, a red first-class nun.
reported adrift April 19, 1901, was replaced
on its station oflf the foul ground off Point
Wilson on May fi. I90L
By order of the 1/iffhthouse Board.
W. P. DAT.
Commander, V. B. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice to Mariners.
The steamer Walla "Walla, sailed yesterday
lor Victoria with a roneral cargo valued at
fJ4,2S4. including the following merchandise:
21 cs anr.s and ammunition. 7357 lbs bluestone,
2C48 lbs be&ns, 1SG8 lbs butter, 856 eks bitum
inous rock. 1000 Tbs chocolate, 4854 lbs cheese.
20 ere cabbage, 27 cs drugs, 13 bales dry goods,
CS64 lbs dried fruit, U.Z pkgs fruit, 1747 pkgs
groceries and provisions. BS5 Tbs hops, 7 cs
honey. 19,541 ft lumber, S6.925 It> B ma Jt, 50 tins
matches, 41 cs oil clothing, 157 eks onions, 63
eks potatoes. 25 bxa pearl barley. 1126 lbs
starch. 52 bxs raisins, 25 cs 2 bbls table oil,
r*> bales twine. 694 Its tobacco, 2S7 pigs tin,
C9 pkgs vegetables, 1CS cs 36 gals wine.
Merchandise for British. Columbia.
The British steamer Auato will load railroad
ties for Guayaquil, prior to arrival; the Flor
ence, coal at Tacoma for Honolulu: the Cris
tobal Solar, lumber at Port H&dloek for
Iquique; the Liverpool, wheat at this port for
.Europe. 36s net; th-> Reporter, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Honolulu.
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The ship-owners, sailors and marine fire
men have come to terms and there will
be no strike on the water front for the
present at least. As the result of a con
ference the "grub money," over-time and
other questions at issue wens amicably
arrang-ed and the Pacific Coast Company
has signed an agreement that will be
binding for the next twelve months. All
the other steamship lines are expected to
sign the agreement and that will settle
the matter.
Ship-Owners and Sailors Agree.
Jane Guillon arrived here from
Newcastle on the 1st inst. with 2937 tons
«.! coai. She docked at the Rosenfeld
1 linkers last Tuesday and began discharg
ing next day. The men working In the
mam hatch noticed that the coal was
heated, but the stevedore thought it could
nil b« discharged without danger. Durinp:
i!ie night, however, the fire gathered
Headway and when the hatches were re
irioved yesterday morning in order that
tho coal handlers might resume work a
volume of smoke rolled out.
Salt water damages coal to a consider
able extent, bo Captain Roy ordered an
alarm of fire turned in. The fire brigade
jesponded as did also the State fire tug
Governor Markham. There was not suffl
< lent water in the Spring Valley mains
on the front to do any good, so tinallv in
order to save both vessel and cargo "the
order had to be given to flood the ship
with salt water. Four iines of hose were
quickly put aboard the Jane Gulllon from
the Governor Markham and after two
nours pumping the fire was supposed to
nave been drowned out and the ship's
pumps were ret to work pumping the
water back into the bay again.
It is not at all a sure thing that the fire
In the coal is out. A year ago when the
bhenandcah s cargo was on fire the vessel
was flooded, but two or three times there
after the blaze broke out again. When
nnally discharged it was found that the
null of the big four-master had been near
ly burned through.
The damage to the cargo of the Jane
Ouillon will fall on the underwriters.
Rosenfeld's Sons will not accept the coal
in its present condition and until some
understanding has been reached the work
or discharging the bark will not proceed.
The vessel Is not damaged and the only
loss will be from the cargo.
p'yr^HE carg-o of the French bark Jane
U Gulllon was on fire yesterday and
I the vessel had to be flooded before
It the blase could be subdued. The
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17; 1901 .
CARGO OF COAL ABOARD THE FRENCH BARK
JANE GUILLON BECOMES IGNITED IN HOLD
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, MAT 17.
9
Sun i
Sun ;
Moon
Date
17 ...
18 ...
19 ...
rises .........'...'•..•••¦• 4:68
sets 7:14
i rises (new) • 4:20 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. - 7 — Ft. Ft.
I, W H-W L.W H W
4:32^0.9 11:31 *- 9 i:U 2.3 10:30 6.8
5-21—1.2 12:26 4.9 ,5:00 2.6 11:14 6.6
6-U — 1.3 1:20 5.0 6:51 2.8
H W L W H W L. W
0-00 G.5 7:00—1.2 >2:14 B.O 6:41 3.0
053 6.1 7:51—1-0 8:06 6.1 7:45 3.1
1-50 B.8 8:42—0.6 ,4:00 5.1 8:58 3.2
2:50 5.31' 9:36-0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16,2.9
I
20 ..
21 ...
22 ...
23 ...
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Guatemala...
Santa Ana....
G. Dollar.....
Fulton..;.:...
San Pedro
Pomona......
Corona
Zealandla....
Newport
G. W. Elder.
Point Arena..
Acme..........
Czarina
Santa Rosa...
Mar IT.
Valparaiso & Wayl
Seattle & Tacoma.
May 18.
Grays Harbor j
Grays- Harbor
Humboldt
Humboldt
Newport
Honolulu ;,
Panama & Way..
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
Tlllamook t Bay. . . . .
Seattle & Tacoma.
May 19. »
San Dle&o...\. ...:..
May 2O.
Seattle & Hadluk.
YVillapa " Harbor
May 21.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
China and Japan..
Coo« Bay '.
Newport
May 22. ,..
Grays Harbor ....
Ban Diego
May 23.
Astoria & Portland
Seattle &, .Tacoma.
12 m
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
2 pm
12 rn
12 m
9 am
Pier 34
Pier 32
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 11
R. Dollar....
Rival ...
S pm
12 m
Plar 2
5th st
Eureka
Umatllla......
Coptic
Arcata
Bonlta
I
9 am
Ham
1 pm
12 m
9 am
I
Pier 13
Pier 9
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
Coronado
Queen
5 pm]
I a am
IPler 2
I Pier 11
!
Columbia
S. Portland...
I
111 am
|Pier 24
Pier —
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Huraboldt Skagruay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 19
SUte of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 20
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 22
Farallon Skaguay & "Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 2S
Ruth Golovln Bay direct May 25
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 28
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme
Umatilla
Rival..
Del Norte
R. Dollar
Kambyaes
Eureka
Acapulco
Arcata
Bonlta
Queen
Columbia
America Maru.
Titania.'
Empire.'."
Pomona
City of Puebla..
North Fork
Coronado
South Portland.
Ala t tea wan
Mandalay
Corona
Crescent City...
Santa Rosa; ....
Point Arena. . . .
Siuslaw River '.
Puget Sound Ports.... j
WlUapa . Harbor
Crescent City
San Pedro
Hamburg & Way Ports
Humboldt ...|
Panama & Way Ports.
Coos Bay
Newport
San Diego
Portland and Astoria...
China and Japan
Nanaimo
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma
Tacoma
Coquille River
Newport
Crescent City ,
San Diego
Point Arena
May 17
May 17
May 17
May 17
May 18
May 18
May Vj
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 20
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Guatemala...
Santa Ana....
G. Dollar.....
Fulton..;.:...
San Pedro
Pomona......
Corona
Zealandla....
Newport
G. W. Elder.
Point Arena..
Acme..........
Czarina
Santa Rosa...
Mar IT.
Valparaiso & Wayl
Seattle & Tacoma.
May 18.
Grays Harbor j
Grays- Harbor
Humboldt
Humboldt
Newport
Honolulu ;,
Panama & Way..
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
Tlllamook t Bay. . . . .
Seattle & Tacoma.
May 19. »
San Dle&o...\. ...:..
May 2O.
Seattle & Hadluk.
YVillapa " Harbor
May 21.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
China and Japan..
Coo« Bay '.
Newport
May 22. ,..
Grays Harbor ....
Ban Diego
May 23.
Astoria & Portland
Seattle &, .Tacoma.
12 m
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
2 pm
12 rn
12 m
9 am
Pier 34
Pier 32
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 11
R. Dollar....
Rival ...
S pm
12 m
Plar 2
5th st
Eureka
Umatllla......
Coptic
Arcata
Bonlta
I
9 am
Ham
1 pm
12 m
9 am
I
Pier 13
Pier 9
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
Coronado
Queen
5 pm]
I a am
IPler 2
I Pier 11
!
Columbia
S. Portland...
I
111 am
|Pier 24
Pier —
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 17
Huraboldt Skagruay & Way Ports.. May 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 19
SUte of Cal Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 20
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 22
Farallon Skaguay & "Way Ports.. May 23
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. May 2S
Ruth Golovln Bay direct May 25
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence. May 28
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme
Umatilla
Rival..
Del Norte
R. Dollar
Kambyaes
Eureka
Acapulco
Arcata
Bonlta
Queen
Columbia
America Maru.
Titania.'
Empire.'."
Pomona
City of Puebla..
North Fork
Coronado
South Portland.
Ala t tea wan
Mandalay
Corona
Crescent City...
Santa Rosa; ....
Point Arena. . . .
Siuslaw River '.
Puget Sound Ports.... j
WlUapa . Harbor
Crescent City
San Pedro
Hamburg & Way Ports
Humboldt ...|
Panama & Way Ports.
Coos Bay
Newport
San Diego
Portland and Astoria...
China and Japan
Nanaimo
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Seattle and Tacoma
Tacoma
Coquille River
Newport
Crescent City ,
San Diego
Point Arena
May 17
May 17
May 17
May 17
May 18
May 18
May Vj
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 20
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
Sun i
Sun ;
Moon
Date
17 ...
18 ...
19 ...
rises .........'...'•..•••¦• 4:68
sets 7:14
i rises (new) • 4:20 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Ft. Ft. - 7 — Ft. Ft.
I, W H-W L.W H W
4:32^0.9 11:31 *- 9 i:U 2.3 10:30 6.8
5-21—1.2 12:26 4.9 ,5:00 2.6 11:14 6.6
6-U — 1.3 1:20 5.0 6:51 2.8
H W L W H W L. W
0-00 G.5 7:00—1.2 >2:14 B.O 6:41 3.0
053 6.1 7:51—1-0 8:06 6.1 7:45 3.1
1-50 B.8 8:42—0.6 ,4:00 5.1 8:58 3.2
2:50 5.31' 9:36-0.1 4:50 5.2 10:16,2.9
I
20 ..
21 ...
22 ...
23 ...
AMUSEMENTS. g
• MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:«J.
MATINEE SUNDAY AT 2. (
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of Milton Royle's Comedy Drama.
FRIENDS !
Reserved Seats— 15c. 23c. 35c. 50c
Next Week— DOUBLE BILL.
"THE FIRST BORN" ani "GLORIANA."
SEATS NOW READY.
BELASCO amo THALrSjfefftfr
n imsncnriuu
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!—
The Champion Featber-Welght.
TERRY M cGOV ERN t
IN HIS GREAT SUCCESS,
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
A sensational melodrama. . Terry McGovern
appears as the Bowery Boy la every act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Eveninj
In the Last Act Between Terry Mc-
Govern and Danny Dougherty.
PPIfCC EVENINGS 10c, lac. 23c. 35c. 50c
JIUWCJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week — Magnificent Production of
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT CITYl" •
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or more races each day.
Races- start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains- via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. .WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTES AND_Z00 E ;^Ei!SS Pa
...JOSEPHINE CASSMAN...
AND HER THREE PICKANINNIES.
FORREST SEABURY,
HIGH DIVER.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
CAKEWALK and Gans-McGovern
Fight Pictures.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO.
Tharsdayand Friday, "Ladies' Days,"
AT 3tlS F>. m.
% RECREATION F*ARK.
Elshth and Harrison streets.
GRAND FAMILY EXCURSION
SANTA CRUZ BEACH.
SUNDAY, MAY 19.
By Council Oakland No. 25 of XT. P. E. C.
Leaves 14th and Franklin streets, Oakland, at
7:30, 8 and 8:30 a. m.. arriving In Santa Crux
at 11 a. m. Returning at 6 p. m. Fare. $2
round trip. Children under 12 half price.
Everybody welcome and a good time guaran-
teed. Tickets can be bought on train.
THE CHILDREN'S CLASS AT
HINMAN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING
Will give their annual FANCY DRESS MAY
PARTY SATURDAY EVENING. May 18. at
their hall. 1412 Polk St.. between Pine and Cali-
fornia.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 18 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
HOTEL*-
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
-GRAND HOTEL-
i^g!!VDEWEY t STRONG&CO. i^S%
\ a.1
MARKET ST.'sf
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD. USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
grreat Mexican remedy; kIvm health . aa4
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 'M>rlM>> .
AMUSEMENTS.
f^M IB&iBSIA SAi1fMC1SG0 ' 3
VV L>U m D 1 M LEADING THEATRE
I^AST 2 NIGHTS
A ND S ATURDAY MATINEE.
James A. Herne's Great Play,
SAG HARBOR.
A STORY V OF HEART AND HOME.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
- And a Strong Supporting Company In
"HEARTSEASE.''
Seat Sale Now in Progress.
** 1 B «» O a— M *
EVENINGS AT 8!
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT 2:30.
ACCOUNT LAUNCHING BATTLESHIP OHIO.
"A Splendid Success!"
"HAS SET EVERY ONE "TALKING/."
THE
TOY MAKER!
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
A PRESIDENTIALWELCOME BILL.'
JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN LANCASTER
AND COMPANY: BISON CITT QUAR-
TETTE. ED LATELLE, THE FOUR HUNT-
INGS. ZEB AND Z ARROW, THE BIO-
GRAPH.
Last "Week of the Favorites.
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRB AND HEATH.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seat*. 50c
Matinees— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
-TO-NIGHT!
MATINEE TO-MORROW-2:30 P. M.
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAYS.
25c and 5Oc.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
i Presenting CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic
Triumph. • * ¦
BARBARA
FR I ETC HIE.
Evening ..25c. 35c, 60c. 75c, - f 1.00
Saturday Matinee 25c. 50c. 73c
Starting Sunday Night— Second and Last
Week of "BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
j NEXT— "PHROSO."
GRAND 1 OPEP3A. HOUSE
. . ALL OF THIS WEEK!
SATURDAY MATINEES AT 2:30!
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF DANIEL L.
HARTS COMEDY DRAMA.
ACCEPTANCE."
PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c,' 50c. A Few Seats, '73c
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra
SATURDAY and SUNDAY MATINEES. 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
.NEXT WEEK-
"THE QUEEN OF CHINATOWN."
ALHAMBRA.
This and to-morrow nights— Last performances.
Columbia Minstrel Co.
¦/»|"|Black-face Artists— Singers, Dancers, OA
"v> "Comedians, Vaudeville Performers.Vf vf
PRICES.:. •,.....I0c. 25c and 50c
- Seats at the Theater and the Emporium.
Phone Howard 1974. , .
Grand Flower Show,
California State Floral Society.
GRAND NAVE, FERRY BUILDIN6,
Thursday. Friday; Saturday,
,: MAY: 16, 17. 18.
ADMISSION 25c. Day and Evening-
FT«KT!rTFRN concert house.
rlOUOrin D Admission lOc.
Damery and ' Bancroft. --' Augusta Salvlni,
Clara -Palmer Hyde, De Bm, , Belle Wilton,
Wm. McDonald and Evans. Devees and Evans.
/ Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.'.,
P jjji^^^ilk Many thousands of people arc so situated that H
fi tg$F*- '$-, «~v;5~- 1§ they cannot take the proper exercise at the proper H
II MMf^m^^j^^S mt * Their food doesn't digest; they become thin H
|j WlllPl t^l^ll) anc * scrawn y an<^ chronic dyspepsia makes half in- B
P l^^^i wy valids of them* For such men and women ' M
1 Dyspepsia Tablets I
P WS'M r^^m^ I Cf^mTm is k etter than dumb bells/ Indian clubs, if
P **$mp 1^^9k %* vS^^Pm mec hanical exercisers or any of the com- 1
H '"*£ /!fe-iiC^» : "J ¦ - r *^iN*W^ " lon mcans at hand for mus- 1
|^«B^j sfr l|| AND_NOT FAT I
I \L?$'/0mW Au *°* X -*^ Ari \ \ AffiWhat Thin People Meed to Round I
P PmM I \\ ; "^& IffllimWp What thin folks need is flesh or muscle, not fat. fij
W J f||i|?^/. \vl*. V ; f^M'^A To be symmetrical and properly proportioned every ||
m £*¦ -tyffi^mli^v^ person should have a certain amount of excess flesh, but to be plump does not
P ffa'g Mh^}*%^^^ : -f^ }^^W^i : \\^ \'k'i t-\J$y^$L* i \ Fat is undesirable; it clogs and retards the action, of the muscles, inter- Ml
K3 f^IwMl^^lfli^ feres with the healthy action of the heart and lungs and when very excessive, PJ
t r^l^.M-* ' f0^M 'i' hi -^ V$'$' I I 1 ¦•I { 1 I |J* wVva predisposes too fatty degeneration of vital organs, to say nothing of the discom- m\
P | - ? /llp^^pj g 4 I ? i. ¦ PS l^&^l fort resulting from too much adipose tissue. \ V" ; . • g
p| Ai^lMwlf t \ * 5 "'' li^f'^ t\ '% I { I l P|'.^|i'irl Common sense would suggest that if one wishes to become fleshy and plump H|
W \yilfa 'tq$M" *$\ ¦ %' bW^^' : %' x -4 % \ $'\ W0M$j\ the thing most needed would be flesh-forming food, that is, albuminous foods W}
M (] ¦'•t >i^f'|||^'| \.t] If s %M plk^\^ The kinds of food which make flesh are the foods we have on our tables pi
; ¦ £ % f 4aR%^Vt^ H. ? f'l- w(i-W^ . every day; but the trouble is that our stomachs, from weakness or derangement Mm
i-^'-Hsf'^'w '-I *'•$ IJI'P^Kl'f I &i of some kind do not promptly and properly, digest it. " pi
1 \'f J '$&*& ? I 1 '' "!»«• M'^t r i' V^Vi^l I'-' llw^'/l •. Really, the principal reaajon bo many people remain thin is because their Eg
5S \> ..h y.A ''$.\& &%'¦< '|| I • 'f jWi' t'^r w^HIP.'-r Btomachs do not properly and completely digest and assimilate the flesh forming P|
I *?2U.J.4 A" | J : ; J S ' fe if- tf • 3 e| 8 li'S /] if4%M^i beefsteak and eggs we eat every day. . . : , . g|
| t '\kt?'t-f- : 'wM* i &-m't' sW^ Ili'M^f ¦. : :^'V There are thousands of such people, and they are really dyspeptics although' WM
N • ft'tc^t t'\' t$^ft\$*4 r' -" f "if ' they may not suffer any particular pain or inconvenience from their stomachs. 'R|
I ' b-^ -1^ M^'r^lll lyi'H, M-Mqifl .; If 8uchTpersons.and all thin people, would take after their meals - f some ,-H.
pp fe^f 11 ' %l'^|i^ i*% f}\ ifflM™ r '*i simple and natural digestive, like Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food, would be h|
W*' \j£^ I' ¦$'}»' tt:?£"i'^-'V-* •- i i i^i v\) SSli''t ; 'S q Aickly digested and the proper degree of plumpness very soon result because kI
II & r -S^iV/'^P' * ' j HI i'lj • illll^rr tbese tat)lets are prepared exactly for that purpose. They digest every variety of e||
1 - w js '/]'/ jK^ f |sri*-r 'i«iif " «i »f^iiSf flesh forming food, which is the real reason why they so quickly build up and K§
K • ¦ ' ' ¦&'-- ';) M^ia'SFit' '• ft§?£. r iC!i *&)'»** strengthen thin, dyspeptic men and women, v -":'•:' Ba
pi -. ' , • vol .li r^};« •'•i3^'^*'| { i [Mb ¦ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure every form of indigestion on this common Ea
fe %&•''.$ l^'Mi^J.' t^'^yf ' sense plan, that they thoroughly digest the food promptly, giving strength to every..
kJ Wi- ,' \ ' few-r llfiS 1 ! J^5|t ' nerve and organ in the body, and the weakened stomach a chance to. rest and 91
Wf, K-'^' •w^Pla 1 * ' ' W»^ fe^S recover its natural vigor. Nothing further is required to cure any stomach trouble, »a
\q '' '¦«? ' : 'i : jpMIIM&' ilpi, except cancer of the stomach. They make thin, dyspeptic people strong, plump * »a
m. || ifj^li^P] «|0",^^p This excellent preparation is sold 50 cts. for" full sized treatment by all fii
Wi f£ ii ,%W&Ml &%\$ '' vwijki druggists in United States, Canada and Great Britian. • ¦ mi
I --¦¦ - jlf^S^ F. A. STUART COMPANY, Marshall, Mich. 1
ADVEETISKMENTS.
Fancy Vests $1.85
1 We have an elegant line of fancy vests in sizes from 33 to 40
I only—all the large sizes are gone, so we are going to sell out <
I the others for almost half-price. The vests were $3.00 and $.1.50.
I now they will all be sold for,
I -' CJ "t & £S t
I . (pl»OO . ' . \
I They come • in black, brown or tan grounds with polka dots )
I of various sizes in red, blue or white, double-breasted style, no |<
I collars, well tailored, good linings and trimmings, made of all- j
I wool worsteds and the dots are woven into the material and are £ ;
I unfadable. They are neat, refined vests for genteel, careful
I dressers. - —' [
I _ Out-of-town orders filled —write us. *
1 718 Market Street.LONDON, May 16.— Atchison, 72%; Canadian
Pacific, 106; Union Pacific preferred, 92; North
ern Pacific preferred, 101%; Grand -.Trunk, 11%;
Anaconda, 9%; United States Steel, 44%; United
States Steel preferred, 95. Bar silver, steady,
27Hd per ounce. Money, 3@3% per cent.
CLOSING.
an insignificant scale, but the tone was rather
more cheerful and only one small failure was
announced as the result of the difficult settle
ment recently completed. It is. confidently
hoped now that all other troubles of , this
character have been averted: The American
department was particularly idle, ¦ the arbit
rageurs doing very little. On the street noth
ing was done. Prices, however, moved within
a much narrower ranee, about 1% points on
the average. Union Pacific relapsed on local
sales. . The copper fortnightly statistics showed
stocks down 459. tons and supplies 784.
Evaporated apples unchanged. State com
iroii, 3@4tic; prime, 4%@4%c ; choice, 5@5%c;
fancy, 6@6%c. California dried fruits ruled
quiet, but steady. Prunes— 3% @7c per pound,
as to size and quality. Apricots— Royal, 7%@
12c; Moorpark, 9%@13c. Peaches— Peeled, 12%@
20c; unpeeled, 5%@10c
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS — Receipts, 15,408 packages; quiet; West
ern, regular packed, ll@13c; storage. Western,
13@14c.
COFFEE — Futures closed dull but steady,
with prices unchanged to 5 'points higher; total
sales, 1750 bags, Including July, $5 40; August,
$5 45; October. $5 60. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 4400 packages; steady;
creamery, 15@19c; factory, ll@13c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 218,000 bushels; exports,
10,074 bushels; spot, weak; No. 2 red, 81%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. .2 red,.79%c elevator; No.. 1
Northern Duluth, S2y 2 c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S9%c f. o. b. afloat. Options dis
played heaviness most of the day under liqui
dation caused by rains in the Southwest, un
satisfactory English cables, a small export
trade, foreign selling and . short operations.
Closed weak, l%c decline on May and %@%c
decline other months. May, 80%@80%c, closed
at 80%c; July. 77 9-16@7S 3-16c, closed at 77%c;
September, 75%@75 9-16c, " closed at 75%c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Quiet. '
WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and firm; fair refining,
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-32c; molasses
sugar, 3%c. Refined, quiet.
NEW YORK, May 16.— FLOUR— Receipts, 12,
385 barrels; exports, "16,700 barrels; market
weak, owing to the. drop in wheat, and closed
dull.
New Ycrk Grain and Produce.
' LONDON, ' May 16.— The wool auction was
continued to-day Twlth' ' offers ¦ of - 15,730 bales.
Scoured was In demand" for France and Ger
many. Crossbreds . were taken chiefly by the
home trade. Cape ; of Good Hope and . Natal
sold freely to ftie Continent. -V -;¦.;,-..; y.
London Wool Sale's.
NEW YORK," May 16.— Cotton' closed' steady,
2 points higher. - , - j f\
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Developments In j tin
in the local metal market - to-day were some
what of a surprise to many of the. traders.
Despite the fact that In London an advance
of 15s was scored bur market - showed weak
ness and was 5@10 points lower. Following 1
this, however, the market became exception
ally active and prices quickly reacted under
an avalanche of buying orders, sending prices
to a level 25-' to 40 points above last night's
close before a" breathing spell was taken.- .: The
market closed very strong at $26 50@26 75. Cop
per was dull at $17 for lake and $16 62% for
casting. Lead and spelter were without change.
Pig iron warrants dull and heavy at unchanged
prices. • . . ' ; ..- '.. r
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000; sheep and yearlings,
strong, 10c higher; lambs, 15c higher; clipped
up to $5: Colorados, $5 65; wethers, $4 3o@4 65;
fair to choice mixed, $4 15@4 40; Western sheep,
$4 35@4 65; yearlings, $4 60@4 75; native lambs,
$4 50@5 65; Western lambs, . $4 65@5 65.
HOGS— Receipts, -24,000; to-morrow, 80,000; left
over, 2000; strong, : 2%@- : >c higher; ¦ top, $5 95;
mixed and butchers, ih 65@5 90; good to choice
heavy, $5 80@5 95; rough heavy, $5 63@5 75;
light, $5 55@5 82%; bulk of sales, $5 75@5 85.
CHICAGO, May 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9500;
steady to slow; good to choice steers, $5 10@6;
poor to medium, $4(5:5; stockers and feeders
slow, $3@5; cows, i%2 80@4 65; heifers, $2 80@
4 90; canners, $2 10@2 75; bulls, firm,, $3@4 40;
calves, higher,' $4@5 50; Texas fed' steers, $4 25@
5 40; Texas bulls, $2 75©3 85.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening .' T'5 10% 6 9%
Closing 6 10% 5 9%
PARIS.
' Wheat— May. July- Aug.
Opening ! Holiday.
Closing .' '
Flour-
Opening. ... ;¦ •
Closing •••• .:... ¦ ; : ¦
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@18%c; dair
ies, ll@16c. Cheese, 9%@llc. Eggs, easy; fresh,
U%C. 0 :
Articles — Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, barrels ...- 15,000 V. . 22,000
Wheat, bushels 50,000 736,000.
Corn, bushels 255,000 627,000
Oats, bushels 152,000 495,000
Rye, bushels 6,000 15,000
Barley, bushels 18,000 97,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
No. 2 snrini wheat. 72%<3>73%c; No. 3 spring,
67@70c: No. 2 red, 71%@72%c; No. 2 corn, 54@
56%c; No. 2 yellow, 54%@57c; No. 2 oats, 30%@
30%c; No. 2 white, 30%@31c; No. 3 white, 29®
SOVic: No. 2 rye, 54%@55c; good feeding barley,
4S@32c; fair to choice malting, 63@59c; No. i
flaxseed. $1 73%; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 73%;
prime timothy seed, $3@3 65; mess pork, per
bbl, $14 70@1475; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 97%@8;
short ribs aides (loose), $7 8O@8 10; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6%@7c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 12%@8 25; whisky, basis - of high
wines, $1 28. . , ;
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 72% 71% 71%
July 71% 71% 71 71%
Corn No. 2 —
May 68 58 63% 64%
July 45% 45% 44% 44%
September 45 45 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—
May 31- 31 . 29% 30
July 28% ?S% 28% • 28%
September 26% 26% 26 26%
Mess Pork, per bbl— »
May 14 80 14 80 14 67%. 14 70
July 14 85 ¦ 14 95 14 75 14 82%
September 14 72% 14 82% 14 70 14 70
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 8 02% 9 02% 7 97% 7 97%
July 7 9o 8 02% 7 95 7 97%
September 7 97% 8 02% 7 97% 7 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 07% 8 07% 8 05 8 05
July 7 87% 7 92% T%o 7 85
September 7 87% 7 87% 7 80 7 82%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
S 2 1^ 8 o , Closing
Sold. — Stocks —^.^v'- Bid.
48.000 Atchisoa 72
37.000 Atchison prefd 94%
3,000 Baltimore & Ohio 98%
100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 98%
1.000 Canadian Pacific 103U
1.000 Canada Southern 66
JS.COO Chesapeake & Ohio '. 47%
3,800 Chicago & Alton 38%
600 Chicago & Alton prefd 78'
1,000 Chicago & Great Western 198
303 Chicago & Great Western prefd A. 79
200 Chicago & Great Western prefd B. 44
100 Chicago Terminal & T 20%
700 Chicago Terminal & T prefd 41%
6,000 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 195
2,700 'Chicago Ind & Louisville 29%
.... Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 68
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 118
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 198
9,000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 150
C C C & St Louis 78
8,000 Colorado Southern 13%
Colorado Southern let prefd.... 46%
3.000 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.... 21%
2 000 Delaware & Hudson 155%
700 Delaware Lack & Western ....207
400 Denx-er & Rio Grande, ex-R 43
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd, ex-R.. 51%
$0,000 Erie v .. 34%
, «aoo Erie 1st prefd 65%
NEW YORK. May 16.— There was a still fur
ther lapse cf Interest in the stock market to
day, as shown by the decline in the volume of
dealings to below a million shares, for the first
time since the late boom attained force. The
market also gave evidence of further progress
toward normal conditions. There was still a
rather feverish price movement, but the oscil
lations showed a lessening tendency. These are
phenomena which invariably follow a* panic.
Usually the first violent relapses after the first
rebound do not carry prices back as low as the
panic lei-el, nor do the rebounds reach
as high as the panic high level. After
fluctuation has subsided there Is likely to be
a dull period and a gravitating tendency to a
level much lower unless some new factors of
strength develop to reawaken outside buying
tiemand. To-day the speculative contingent
were inclined to look for such a new Influence
to the promised settlement of the Northern Pa
cific dispute. No authentic information can be
had as to the terms of this agreement, but it
is generally accepted in Wall street that it will
insure the safeguarding of the interests which
deem themselves threatened by the Burlington
deal without retracting from the benefit of the
deal to Its original projectors. The rapid prog
gress reported to be making in the deposit of
Burlington stock to be exchanged for the pro
posed new bonds seems to insure the rapid con
summation of the. Burlington deal. The effect
of this development was manifest In St. Paul
and Northern Pacific. Northern Pacific, owing
to the abnormal standing of that stock in the
market, was not an index to the situation. The
process of exchange going on in the Burlington
f-tock affected it to some extent in the same
way. The advancing tendency in Union Pacific
was constantly checked, supposedly by the sur
mises as to the method of financing the pur
chases of Northern Pacific stock made in the
company's interest. The advance in St. Paul
over last night's level reached 7%, In Great
Northern preferred 6%, Northwestern 6 and
Rock Island 4%. Another active center of spec
ulation was Amalgamated Copper, in which the
buying was large, apparently by inside inter
ests, and regarding which various favorable
items of news were published during the day.
The most important was the reported intention
of the Vice Chancellor of New Jersey to dis-
EOlve the injunction against the absorption of
the Butte and Boston and the Boston and Mon
tana companies.
The 6tock advanced at one time 7%. There
were various other points of epecial strength,
the causes of which were not always disclosed.
Thus International Power . ad vanced 10%, Min
neapolis and St. Louis 7%, on expectations of a
dividend increase; American Express 9%, Con
solidated Gas 5%, Lake Erie and Western 5%,
Iowa Central preferred 5 and Pullman 4%. The
relaxation of forced liquidation made compara
tively light buying orders effective in advancing
prices. There was undoubtedly a good deal of
manipulation by insiders in the interest of bet
ter prices, but there was also a growth In in
vestment demand for good dividend payers. But
not less Etriking than the strength with which
prices advanced was the ease with which prices
were forced down again under light selling with
which the day closed, with prices all the way
from one to five points below the best and with
net changes a good deal mixed and for the most
r«irt em&lL Keports of needed rains in the
Southwest were an early encouraging feature
end the growth of labor troubles caused some
uneasiness, especially the candid admission by
the leading publication in the interest of the
Iron trade that there may be widespread labor
disturbances in that trade after July L The
ease In the money market was due entirely to
the falling off in demand and speculation and
other causes are tending to a steady depletion
of New York bank reserves.
The bond market was broad and moderately
active and price changes W£te, Irregular. Tctal
rales, J2.845.000. ¦ -
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last calL - ;v-' '
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, - May 16.— Rains of more or less
plentlfulness over the State of Kansas, to
gether with a good drenching administered to
the young crops of Oklahoma and Texas, was
taken in the wheat pit as Justifying- a lower
level of prices and July at the opening- was
offered liberally %@-&c to %@%c lower at
71%@71%c. At 71c some buying orders' were
reported and as cable3 were steady. Northwest
receipts .moderate and there was an unex
pectedly stiff demand f«-r May July rallied to
71%c during the first hour. The demand for
May,' which raised that delivery to %c prem
ium over July at one time, was reported to
be due to the necessities of New York shorts
and not to export sales, as had been thought
at first. This explanation caused a slight re
action and the remainder of the day the mar
ket ruled dull and at times entirely neglected.
The close was rather easy, July %c lower at
71%@71 l 4c. May closed with %@%c of its prem
ium still held.
In corn the expected squeeze in May did not
materialize. On the contrary the bull leader
was credited with liberal sales of that option
as well as of July. May opened unchanged at
68c and under selling by Phillips dropped to
55c. A rally of l%c followed and then it de
clined to 53%c. The close was 3%c lower at
54%c. July closed %@%c down at 44%@44%c.
Lack of bull support, the wheat easiness and
reports of freer country offerings Were the
factors.
Oats opened steady, but weakened later on
the rains and heavy selling by Phillips and
the bull party. Trade at first was weak, but
became quiet later. July closed %@%c lower
at 2&%c. May closed %<;• down at 30c.
Provisions were qulu. and steady on light
hop receipts. July pork closed 12%c \ higher,
lard 5@7%c up and ribH unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Weather Report. i
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 16, f p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
eeason. and rainfall in last 24 hours:
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
61; minimum, 48; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of moderate energy overlies the
P^scky Mountain region. During the past 12
hours there has been a rapid fall in pressure
over Southern Idaho.
The temperature has fallen about 20 degrees
In Eastern Washington and Eastern Oregon.
Throughout California there has been but little
change.
Conditions are favorable for showers in
Northern California. Rain has fallen on the
coast from Eureka northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 nouis
ending* midnight May 17, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
showers in northern portion: light southerly
winds in the interior; brisk westerly winds on
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; light
westerly winds. . '
Nevada— Showers Friday; cooler north; light
northerly winds. „, , ;
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather FTlday;
probably showers in north portion; ' cooler;
light southerly changing to fresh westerly
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather, possibly
ehowers in north portion Friday; light south
erly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Friday: possibly sprinkles early
in the morning, clearing during the day; fresh
southwest »i»«J Ll5XAin)ER G . McADIE .
Forecast Official.
Chicago Grain Market.
John and V. Garibaldi (owners) with G. P.
W. Jensen (contractor), architect H. Dewhlrst
Mitchell — All work except mantels, shades and
*gas fixtures for a three-story and basement
frame building on N line of Union street.
105:0% W of Franklin, W 27:6 by N 137:6: $4900.
C. J. Borgfeldt (owner) with G. A. Fisher
and H. H. Bayllss (contractors), architects
Rousseau & Son— All work except gasnttins.
mantels and shades for 'a two-story frame with
brick foundation on NW. corner of Lyon and
California streets, N 80 by. W 25. Western Ad
dition block 622; $1523.
James H. Jennings (owner) with Joseph
Flood (contractor), architects McDougall Bros.
—Plumbing, gasflttlng and sewering for a
three-story and basement frame building with
brick foundation on S line of Grove street, U9
?...?£. Br<^ erl *. E 27:6 by S 137:6, Western
Addition block 514; $11701
Arthur and Adelaide M. Bridge to George
A. and Alice L. Mullln. lot on west line of
Devisadero street, 60 S of Union. S 25 by W
97; $2000.
Builders' Contracts.
J. G. W. and Minna Schnlte to David Saun
derson, lot on north line of Haight street,
201:10% B of Scott. E 25 by N 110; $300
Same to David ZeUnsky, lot on north lln#
of Sutter street, 110 W of Lagnna. W 27:S by
N 112:6; $3000.
Emma G. Butler to Henry S. Cahn. lot on
north line of Sutter street. 83:8 W of Laguna.
W 27:6 by N 112:6; $4000.
Edward T. Henderson to Margaret Hender
son.- undtvlded two-thirds of lot on south lln«
of Point Lobos avenue. 146 W of Parker avenue,
W 25 by S 137:6: $4000.
J. J. Maginis (trustee) to San Francisco Dry
Dock Company, all interest In following:
Commencing at SE extremity of Hunters
Point, NW 3.83- chains. SW 12 chains. NW 10.5*
chains. NE 13.50 chains, SE 1.50 chains. SB
5.18 chains, containing 10 acres: also beginning
at same place (under water) NW 3.85 chains,
SW 12 chains, SE 11.60 chains. NE 13 chains.
NW 5.34 chains. NW 4.23 chains, NW 11.40
chains. SW 8.90 chains. NE 13.50 chains, S3
1.50 chains. SE 5.18 chains, containing 19 acr*s:
except beginning at SE extremity of Huntprs
Point. NW 5.18 chains, NW 1.50 chains. SW
13.50 chains, SE 7.86 chains, NE 14.30 chains,
containing 10 acres; $ — — .
Matilda, and Henry F. Wlegmann, to Gustav
and Delia Busch, lot on S line of Wilder
street. 350 E of Wilson Tract. E 25 by»S 100,
lot 15. block 4, Fail-mount Extension Home
stead; $10.
Anne Poole to John A. Dlller, lot on K
line of Palmer street, 229 N of Chenery, N
50, SE 120. SW 54. W 100. block 13, Falrmount
Tract: $10.
Same to Charles M. Wooley, lot on W lln«
of Sixth avenue. 125 N of A street, X 25 by
W 120; $10. -
William J. and Emma C. Gnnn to John M.
Peters, lot on E line of Seventh avenue. 100
N of A street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Sallie Morris to Harry Wicks, lot on B line
of Second avenue. 325 N of Clement street, N
25 by E 1O) quitclaim deed: $10.
Harry and Sarah L. Wicks to J. T. Brophy.
same; $10. - „'.
Richard P.* and Irene Rlckard to Hans
WulfT, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 150 N
of Clement street. N 25 by E 130; $10.
Edwin J. Ellis to Morris Oser. lot on N
line of Geary street, 112:6 W of Jones, W 25
by N 137:6; $10. \
Marcella Sullivan to Patrick S. and Mary
CRourke, lot on SE line of Folsom. street. 17 J
SW of Fifth. SW 25 by SE 90; $10.
Bridget M. Dowllns to Ellen D. Schwelnit
zer. lot on X line of Washington street. 72 E
of Powell. E 24 by N 57:6; gift.
Estate of Margaret Kennedy (by Frank B.
and Hugh Kennedy, executors) to Luca Pei
rano lot on S line of Pine street, 67:8 E of
Stockton. E 34:6 by S 77:6; $4500. •
David E. Thompson, Ann M. Thompson
(¦wife). Emma, and Martha Thompson (both
lemma sole) to Board of Homo Missions of
Presbyterian Church In United States of
America and Board of Foreign Missions of
Presbyterian Church In United States, lot on
N line of Sutter street. IS 'W of Trinlry, V
22, 'N 68:9." B 40, S 6:9. W 1S» S 63, .quitclaim,
deed; ?1.
"Hannah N. Haviland to A. Aronson, lot on
NW corner of Trinity and Sutter streets, W
IS by N 62; $10.
Sophia Kliegel (wife of B.) to Fulton Engi
neering and Shipbuilding Works (a corpora
tion) lot on W Hue of Broderiok street. «8:»
N of Tonquin. N 60:9 by W 70:9. quitclaim
deed ; $3.
Honors A. and Elizabeth A. Buckley to
Frankte Halter (wife of Joseph H.), lot on N
line of Turk street, 86:11 W of Devlsadero, W
50:7. by N 77; $10. ' ,
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Ernst
A Buchse, lot on NW corner of Halght ami
Broderick streets. W. 27:6 by N 110; $6250.
Hermine R. E. Hiester (wife of E. C) to
Calvin R. Worrell, lot en. N line of Page street,
223 E of Ashbury. E/io by N 137:6; $10.
Joseph and Julia Eisenmann to Matthew
Gardner, lot on SW corner of Clay and. Laurel
streets. W C8:9 by S 127:8%; $10.
Samuel W. and Marguerite A. Cowles to
Amelia I. Leary. lot on NE. corner of Twelfth
street. 142 NW of Howard. NW 63, NE 145:2%.
SE 62:8. SW. 141:4%; $10.
Marguerite and Jules Wolf to John Llhehan.
lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 120 E of
Dolores, E 25 by N 100; $10.
John C Oontreras to James McDonough. lot
on S line of Twenty-ninth street, ISO W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S 114; $10.
James C. Cary (by E. I. Whelan. late Sher
iff) to A. W. Scott, lot on NW corner of Val
ley and Diamond streets, W 50:10 by N 114;
Albert W. and Georslana C Scott tc« Albert
W. Scott Jr., same: $10.
Albert W. Scott Jr. to Joseph Magner, lot on
S line of Elizabeth street, 255 E of Hoffman
avenue, E 25 by S 114. quitclaim deed; $10.
Albert W. and Georgiana C. Scott to same,
same; $10.
¦p-nAT. ESTATE TRAITSACTIO2TS.
NEW YORK, May 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business on the Exchange here to-day was on
London Market.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— To-day's treasury
statement ehows: " Available cash balances,
1158,292,527; gold, 196,729,285. . . - .
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 16.— Money on call, steady,
at 2®5 per cent; last loan, 2% per cent; ruling
rate. 4% per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4@
4% per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with act
ual business In bankers' bills at $4 88 for de
mand and at $4 84%@4 84% for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 85%@4 89; commercial bills, $4 83%@
4 84%. Silver certificates, 60c. ¦ Bar silver, 69%c
Mexican • dollars, 4S%c. • Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
irregular.
New York Money Market.
2,100 Erie 2d prefd 50%
1,000 Great Northern prefd 176
1,000 Hocking Valley 51
100 Hocking Valley prefd 75%
1.000 Illinois Central 134
2,000 Iowa Central 23H
2,000 Iowa Central prefd 60
6.0C0 Lake Erie & Western. 55
Lake Erie & Western prefd...:' 119
12,000 Louisville & Nashville 100%
16.000 Manhattan L : U2%
7,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 159
j.S.000 Mexican Central 23%
1.900 Mexican National 10%
2,000 Minneapolis & St Louis 87^
2L800 Missouri Pacific 99y 4
4,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 25 i &
5,000 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 55 1 ,!
New Jersey Central 156
1,900 New York Central 149
1,400 Norfolk & .Western 49%.
ICO Norfolk & Western prefd 87
500 Northern Pacific 141
600 Northern Pacific prefd 98
13.S0O Ontario & Western 31
P C C & St L 69
101,600 Pennsylvania 144%
4,600 Reading : 37%
8,900 Reading 1st prefd 73%
700 Reading 2d prefd 47%
2,700 St Louis & San FranciBCO Hhs
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 81
600 St Louis & San Fran 2d' prefd 65V2
1.CC0 St Louis Southwestern 32%
2,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 59%
64,300 St Paul 157%
900 St Paul prefd 184
40,700 Southern Pacific 46%
15,300 Southern Railway 27%
2,400 Southern Railway prefd 81
300 Toledo St Louis & Western 17%
300 Toledo St Louis & Western pfd... 32
8,100 Texas & Pacific 43
106,100 Union Pacific 105
3,400 Union Pacific prefd 91Vi
10.000 Wabash 91%
13,300 Wabash prefd 36%
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 27%
2,l(iO Wisconsin Central 19»%
200 Wisconsin Central prefd 41%
Express Companies —
Adams 176
100 American ¦ 194
United States 79
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous — /
60,300 Amalgamated Copper 114%
2,400 American Car & Foundry 24
1,900 American Car & Foundry prefd 78%
8.300 American Linseed Oil 20%
8,100 American Linseed Oil prefd 49%
4,700 American Smelting and Refining.. 55
300" American Smelting & Refining pfd. 95 '
11,500 American Tobacco 123
7,100 Anaconda Mining, Company 46%
21,400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73%
1,200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 92
21,800 Continental Tobacco 54%
1,900 Continental Tobacco prefd 106
8,400 Consolidated" Gas ....212%
2,000 General Electric 218
300 Glucose Sugar —
200 Hocking Coal 17%
6,000 International Power 87%
700 International Paper 20%
3,300 International Paper prefd 76
100 Laclede Gas 80
1,500 National Biscuit 41%
6C0 National Lead 17
200 National Salt 43%
National Salt prefd 76%
1,000 North American 82%
Pacific Coast 58
300 Pacific Mall *„. 33%
10,800 People's Gas 108%
600 Pressed Steel Car 43
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 84%
S00 Pullman Palace Car ....2M
2,400 Republic Steel 17%
503 Republic Steel prefd 72%
5.900 Sugar 141%
2,403 Tennessee Coal & Iron 54
Union Bag & P 12%
Union Bag & P prefd 67%
3.100 United States Leather 12%
1,500 United States Leather prefd 75%
400 United States Rubber 20%
100 United' States Rubber prefd 62
54,100 United States Steel 43
14,300 United States Steel prefd 91
54,900 Western Union 91%
926,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 106% N Y C lsts 107%
Do coupon 106% N J C gen 5s 132%
Do 3s reg 109% N Pacific 3s 71%
Do 3s coupon. .f.Vft\i Do 4s 105
Do new 4s reg. ..138 N Y C & St L 4s. .108
Do new 4s coup. .138% N & W con 4s 101
Do old 4s reg. ...113% Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup. .113% Do 4s 105
Doos reg 108% Or Short Line-6s..l26
Do 6s coupon 1C8% Do con 5s 117%
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..125% Reading gen 4s.... 94%
Atchison gen" 4s. ..102 R G W lsts 100%
Do adj 4s 94 St L & I M con 5s.ll4%
Canada So 2ds 108 St L & S F gen 6s.l34
Ches & O 4%s 105% St Paul cons 190
Do 5s 119 St P C & P lsts.. .118
Chi & N con 7s. ...141% Do 5s 119%
Do S F deb 5s....l20V» S Pacific 4s 92
Chicago Term 4s.. 93% S Railway 5s 116%
Colorado So 4s SGVi; Stand R & T 6s... 50
D & R G 4s 101%j Tex & Pac lsts. ...119%
Erie gen 4s 87 |- Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts... 107% U Pacific 4s "105%
Gen Electric 5s....lS5% Wabash lsts 117
Iowa Central lsts. 117 . Do.2ds -....110
L & N uni 4s 102% West Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 81% Wise Cent lsts 88%
Do 4s 98% Va Centuries 95%
MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con 231 Little Chief......... 12
Alice 40 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 50 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con 19 Phoenix 11
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosl 02
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra 50: Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 115Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver t. 60|Standard 3 80
Leadville Con 05i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
• Money— Union Pacific 104%
Call loans 4 @5 Union Land 2%
Time loans 4%@5 West End 94
Stocks — Bonds —
A T & S F 71% Atchison 4s ........101%
A T & S F prefd.. 94% iN E Gas&Coke 5s. 63
American Sugar 141% I Ad venture 15%
Am Sugrar prefd. ..121%!Bingham Min Co.. 23
Am Telephone 172 . Amalg Copper 114
Boston & Albany.. 255 Atlantic 30%
Boston Elevated... 178 Boston & .Mont.... 455
Boston & Maine... 193 Butte & Boston.... 104
Chgo. Bur &-Q.;..195 Calumet & Hecla.835
Dominion Coal 34% Centennial 28%
Dom Coal prefd.. .114% Franklin 1;%
U S Steel 43 Humboidt ....* 30
U S Steel prefd... 90% Osceola : 87%
Fitchburg prefd.. ..144 Parrot 52%
Gen Electric 219 Quincy 165
Ed Elec 111 2"'J Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Mexican Central... 23% Tamarack 325
N E Gas & Coke. 10% Utah Mining 29
Old Dominion....... 32 Winona 3
Rubber •• 20 Wolverines ; 54
¦ The' Egg market ' continues ; very weak, with
free stocks, and : , store ' Eggs are quoted lower
and 'dull in the open market. '- . - ,
- Cheese continues in large supply and weak.
The . situation In . Butter , stands . about : the
same. There is plenty • on . hand, and , buyers
have ,the advantage. . Quotations, however, are
unchanged in the open market, though the Ex
change, made an alteration in dairies, . as will
be seen. trr. .-¦¦--¦ ; ; -¦••: •
' Receipts were 99,700' pounds and 223 tubs - r of
Butter, 1328 cases Eggs, .-. .785 -¦ cases - Eastern
Eggs. 31,450 pounds California, Cheese. and —
pounds Eastern 'Cheese.'. :¦¦
• - ..OPEN. MARKET QUOTATIONS. ¦':.
'SBUTTER^Creamery, . 17%@18c per lb for
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Poultry \ market stands I about the same,
being overstocked with Hens and small broil
ers,-the latter being altogether too plentiful
for the demand. .. .' _..- - '„ ...
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens ; Geese, per pair, $1 25®
1 50; Goslings, $1 25@2; Ducks, $3 oO®4 50 ,for
old and $4 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $4@a; young
Roosters, $6@7; old Roosters, $4@4 60; • Fryers
$4 50@5; Broilers, $3@4 for large and$l 7o©2 60
for small; Pigeons, $1 60@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 50@lr 75 for Squabs.. - ' L_~ _ i '' '
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25;. Rabbits. $1 25@1 60 fo»
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush. .
Poultry and Game.
Receipts were 1004 boxes Asparagus, 410 boxes
Rhubarb, 850 sacks Bay Peas and 346 sacks
String Beans. ¦' '• • -¦_ ' „„ '-' '
POTATOES— Early Rose. 85c@$l; Burbanks,
75c@$l 10 for River and $1 25@1 50 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 25@1 60; Sweets, 60® 75c for
Merced; New Potatoes, l%@2c ¦ per ¦ lb in sacks
and $135®190 in boxes.
.-ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c@$l 2o per sack;
Australians, jobbing, at $4<g4 50; Green Onions.
25@35c per box; New Red, 75c@$l per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, "40c@$l per box;
Asparagus $125 for large, 75c@$l per box , for
No. 1 and 25@50c for No. 2; Green Peas, 65@$1
per sack; Garden Peas, 2@2%c; String Beans,
for Los Angeles and-2',4@5c for Vacaville;
Horse -Beans, 50(&60c per sack; Cabbage, 90s
per ctl;. Tomatoes, Mexican, $1 25@1 50 per
crate; {mm Los Angeles, 60c@$l 25;' Dried Pep
pers, 12@18c; Dry Okra. 15c per lb; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 40@ioc
per dozen; Garlic. 8@10c per Ih for old I and^oo
for new; Green Peppers, 5@7o per lb; Egg
Plant. 12%@15c per lb.
Stocks of New Potatoes are "gradually sup
planting old, but both descriptions are firm.
The feeling in new Onions was rather firmer
Asparagus continues to drag and some stock
has to be carried over. The other Vegetables
show little change.
Green Corn from Winters sold at 50c per
dozen. /. « . *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 90
©5; Large White, $4@4 20; Fink, $1 60@l 75;
lted $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2V-c: Hemp. 3^c; Timothy, 6»4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
There Is no further change in Beans. . The
pressure to sell- Pinks continues, and they are
very weak.
Two cars of new volunteer oat and wheat,
green and fine, sold at $7 50, and one car of
new volunteer barley and oat brought $7. - Old
Hay rules steady At previous prices. ¦ .
There Is nothing new in Feedstufts.
BRAI*— $16 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@18 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$27 50@2S; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. .
. HAY— Volunteer, $5©S; Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9<Ji:i2; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 GO; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STB AW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 60, usual terms; Baiters' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, , $2 75 ; . Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3;
extra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hom
iny, $3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35
@7 85; in- sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley,- $5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Informal Session— 9 :15 o' clock— December— 2000
ctls, 70%c . . ' ¦ - • '' ." ¦
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 7096c. '
Regular Morning Session— 2000 ctls. 70%c; 6000,
70%c; 6C00. 70%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales. f
OATS— The market continues very dull.
White. $1 37%@1 55; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 35@1 45; Black, $1 17%@1 30 per otl.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50@l 60; East
ern Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; White, $1 35; mixed,
$125@127%. ... .
RYE— 80<g82i£c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. . . ... «.
' . Flour and Millstuffs. "
CALL BOARD SALES.
:- • CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, $1 03V»; 24,000, $1 03.
Second • Session— December— 6000 ctls, $1 02%;
Regular '^Morning Session— December— 18.000
ctls, $1 02%; 32,000, $102%; 2000, $102%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02Vi.
BARLEY— The market continues to drag,
there being no sales worthy of note. The feel
ing Is barely steady.
Feed, 75@77%c for No. 1 and 70®72^c . for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@
S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT-It was a holiday at Paris. The
feeling at Liverpool was steady.'
The weather In the Southwest continued to
govern conditions at Chicago. The Cincinnati
Price Current said: "Dry weather in the South
west caused a moderate decline in the wheat
promise, but general rains are needed. Else
where the crops are fine." The market opened
easier, owing to the raJtis In • that section, but
there was a very good shipping demand. Later
on general rains in the Southwest during the
past twenty-four, hours were reported, reliev
ing • apprehensions of drought. Kansas City
wired that rain reports were being received
from many points. The disgusted longs dumped
their wheat and holders of No. 2 red slashed
prices. The market closed %c lower.
This market was lower, both on and off call>
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 9S%c; milling, $1®
1 03% per ctl. ¦ '
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days • — W 85^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — * *» '
Sterling Cables — 4 ?2
Net? York Exchange, sight. — J$,'
New York Exchange, telegraphic j — r iz%
Silver, per ounce — " _ I*™
Mexican Dollars,' nominal. *&A O 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THURSDAY. May lfr-4 p. «,
Bid. Ask. I Bid. As*.
Alph* .. C3 03 Jnstic» —.... 03 03
Alta 03 04|Kentuck — 09
Andes 07 OS Lady Wash . — 01
Belcher »• 10 Mexican 13 a>
Best & Belcher 26 28 Occidental ..... 03 C4
Son .: 03 ' 03 Ophir 96 3S
Caledonia 64 65 Overman ...... 13 U
Challenge Coo. 10 UlPotosl 03 0*
Chollar 06 07 1 Savage ~ 13 13
Confidence 56 60 Scorpion. _ — 0*
Con Cal & Va..2 35 2 40 Seg Belcher.... — 03
"Con Imperial... - 01 Sierra Nevada. 18 is
Con New York. - 01 Silver Hill 30 35
Crown Point... 13 15 St Louis 06 -
Eureka Con--.. 06 — Standard .......3 90 4 09
Exchequer — 02 Syndlca-to 06 —
Gould & Curry. 11 13 Union Con...... 20 23
Hale & Norcrs. 24 25 Utah CS 07
julia - 02 Yellow Jacket- 17 13
CLOSING- QUOTATIONS.
400 Best & Beloher 27 500 Mexican ....... i»
10O Caledonia 60 60O Mexican ........ 2)
500 Con Cal & V...2 30 200 Ophir H
400 Con Cal & V.2 27% 100 Ophir 97
10O Confidence 55 1100 Ophir M
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 50 300 Ophir .....~-. M 93
300 Con Cal & V...3 20 600 Ophir 95
700 Con Cal & V...3 25 3C0 Overman, n
450 Con Cal & V.2 27% 350 Overman 13
200 Hale & Norcrs. 22 560 Overman u
300 Hale & Norcrs. 23 800 Sierra Nevada. 17
800 Mexican 20 200 Union Con u
600 Mexican 19
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat loTver, both on and off call.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye very quiet.
Increasing arrivals of new volunteer Hay. Feedstuff s un
changed.
Pink Beans continue freely offered for sale.
Potatoes steady. New Onions firm. Vegetables weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and weak.
Poultry market still overstocked with Hens and small fowl.
Cherries weak under increasing receipts. Oranges weak - and
quieter. .
Local buyers cleaned up stocks of pitted 'Plums.
Provisions very quiet and more or less weak.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs rule weak, but quotations are no lower. '
Business on the local stock exchanges rather light.
Some kinds of Codfish advanced again.
Grain Bags still higher. ,
Peaches and Cherry Plums arrived from Vacaville.
STOCK MARKET.
: Trading . was . fair, on the morning session of
the * Bond , : Exchange. - Oceanic was firmer at
Flour, qr ska..... 25,540 Tallow, ctlsL. ...'.: 22
Wheat, ctls 54.803 Sugar, ctls 4,800
Barley, . ctla:...... 9,620 Quicksilver, flska 62
Corn ctls .60 Wool, bales....... 71
Potatoes, sks..... "1,390 Pelts,, bdis.'.'.V.... 3,357
Onions, sks ; -474 Hides, No...:.:.;. 244
Bran - sks. ........: 2,310 Leather. . rolls. ... 130
Middlings, sks ¦ 310 Wine, gals 48.950
Hay. tons......'... 596 • ;•---'...
-¦_>, . _¦ - ... -EASTERN.
Corn,: ctls........ i , 300|;
FOR THURSDAY. MAY 18.
Receipts- of Produce.
"Oriental," 6%c; blocks, -"Seabright." 7%<r,
Tablets, 7%c; middles, "Golden State," 7%c;
middles, "White Seal," 8%c; 5-1 b boxes fancy.
Boneless. 9c; 2»lb boxes, fancy, Boneless, 7%c;
Desiccated, per dozen, .75c; Pickled Cod. bar
rels, each. $7 75; Pickled Cod, yhalf barrels,
each. $4 75. ;
PACIFIC CODFISH— Some kinds have again
been marked up. The revised price list is as
follows: Bundles, per lb,': 6c; cases. Regular,
$5 60; cases. Extra Large, $5 75; cases, Eastern
Style, $6 50; Boneless, 7c; "Norway," 7c; "Nar
row. Gauge." T^cj^'Sllver King," 7%c; blocks.
GRAIN BAGS— Grain Bags are higher again.
San Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta Grain Bags,
7<37%c: local make, He less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per /'ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay $5 50j Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14 ; Can
nel $ld per' ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 'in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
inff to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1.
75c- pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil ' natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil' in barrels. 35c;. ca?es. 40c."
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c- Pearl Oil, in eases. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove - Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
- SUGAR— The ;. Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per.lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed 6.25c; Powdered, \fi. 85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.85c: Dry Granulated.- 6.75c: Confec
tioners* A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 6.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes,
60c more; EO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders' taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domi
nos ; half-barrels. 6.60c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 6%@
6%c; ISO to 225 lbs, 6%c; 225 and over, 8c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs, 7%@9c.
Hogs continue easy, and the packers find ho
difficulty in filling their, wants at 6%c, though
they find it hard to purchase at 6%o. Other
wise there is nothing new.
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
VEAL— Large, 7%@8c; email, 8@9c per lb. '
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®S%c; Ewes. 7@7%c
per pound. : . . ¦
LAMB— Spring, 8%@9c per pound.
All descriptions under this bead remain as
previously quoted. .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotalons. Heavy Salted
Steers, -10c; medium, 9c; light. 8@8%c: Cow
Hides, SV-c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c- Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9@9%c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 16c: Culls, 13%@14c; Dry
Kip 16c- Dry Calf, 16@17c: Culls and Brands,
13@14c; ¦ Sheepskins, shearlings, 15® 30c each;
short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt,. $2 50. for
large'and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large $1 25 ' for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3>»@4c- grease, 2@2%c. } -
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboidt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb; Northern, free, 12®
13c defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10®
lie' do defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c- Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective 7 months, 7®Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
©16c: do medium and coarse, 14@15c;- Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do. fair to good, 9@Uc;
Nevada, 10@12c. /
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Glides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions*
Dealers report a very dull market; at un
changed quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%@13o for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $12 per
barrel : extra Mess, $12 50; Family. $11 50; prime
Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. ?23; Mess, $19;
Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb. "
LARD— Tierces quoted at Sfte per lb for com
pound and 10%c.for pure; half -barrels, pure,
!0%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 6-lb tins, llHc
COTTOLENE- One half-barrel, 8%c: three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces,
8V-c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Local stocks of Pitted Plums, both red and
black, have been cleaned up at 8@4c, and there
are now hardly any left. Other fruits are quiet
and unchanged.
Sales of extracted Honey are being made at
the quotations below. 3
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches,
3%@4c for standard. 4mS5%c for choice and 6@
6%c for fancy; Pears, 2®7c; Plums, pitted, 3®4c;
unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 4®4%c for red and
4@5o for white. . : • .
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6%c; 60-60s. 4%c;
60-70s. 3%c: 70-803. 3%c; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs.
2%c; 100-120S, lV4c.
RAISINS— The Raisins Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy.' 10%c per
lb; choice.'. 9%c; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
<jy, C ; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, -6%c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand— !-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
5 J ic; seeded Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown, - $1 50 per box; 3
crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, J3. All prices f . : o. ¦ b. at common
shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 sortshell, 10@llc; No.
2, 7%@8c; No. 1 hardshell, loc; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10@lle for soft
shell and 5@6o for hardshell ; • Peanuts. 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@ll%c; Filberts,
12(ffil2Hc: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. •
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 11@
ll^c for light amber;, water white extracted,
4%@5%c; light amber, extracted. 3%@4%c; dark,
3%c. .
• BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Receipts of Cherries continue to Increase, as
will be seen, and the market Is decidedly -weak,
with sellers making concessions to work . off
stocks. There are no marked variations ' In
berries. . - :
Oranges are weak and quieter,' as the fresh
summer fruits are now competing with them.
Five cars are announced for to-day's auction.
Lemons and .Limes continue plentiful.
Logan Berries came in from Lodl, selling at
$1 60 per crate.
Three boxes of Peaches came in from Vaca
ville. One box sold at %2 50 and the other two
were not sold. , .
Cherry Plums from Vacaville sold at SI per
box. There were four boxes received. ;¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Eastern. $2 25@2 50 per box; local,
green, 60@6Ec. •
APRICOTS— 75<s@$l 25 per crate and 75c®tt 25
per box. .. .' " /
CHERRIES— Receipts were over 4000 boxes,
selling at 35@60o per box for red and 45®7Bo for
dark. • .,
STRAWBERRIES— »5®8 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large . berries. Receipts
were 288 chests and 126 crates. The latter sold
at 75@85c per crate. • '
BLACKBERRIES— From Covina, per
crate; from Newcastle, $1 60 per crate.
RASPBERRIES— 75c per drawer; from New
castle, $1@1 25 per crate. ." \ .< .
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@50c per drawer.
CURRANTS— 50@60c per crate and 50® 76c per
drawer.'-- ¦ ' *
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges.- 75c@$2 25;
Seedlings, • 60c@$l 50; Tangerines., "'eOc®*! 25;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and ' Jl 60@2 60
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, 60c@n 60;
Mexican Limes, $4@4 60; Bananas • tt 25@2 50
per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25@Si for
Honolulu; Pineapples, $2S 3 60 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy. 14OlS%o
per lb. ¦ '¦ : • - %.¦;.¦* •
CHEESE— New,' 8@9c; old, nominal ; Young
Americas, 9@10c.. ' '"- ' .
. EGGS— Ranch. . 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@13%c per dozen.
. . DAIRY EXCHANGE. QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER — . ¦ '
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 18c; .firsts, tfo; seconds, " 14c;
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice.
7%c; common, nominal; Young . Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream. ' 14@16o per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 14%c;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen.
...California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; standard.
12c; seconds, .
Following were the sales In the Paciflo Stock
Exchange yesterday: •,
500 Best & Belcher 27 100 Mexican 20
100 Caledonia 55 800 Ophir- 99
lC00,Con Cal & Va..2 30 600 Overman 13
600 Crown Point... 12 200 Sierra Nevada. 17
10O Gould & Curry. 13 100 Sierra Nevada. IS
500 Hale & Norcrs. 24 50 Sierra Nevada. 16
100 Hale & Norcrs. 23 100 Yellow Jacket.. 13
600 Justice 05
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 2S 600 Ophir 93
600 Chollar ....07 3C0 Overman iy
500 Crown Point... 12 500 Sierra Nevada. 18
700 Hale & Norcrs. 23 200 Union ¦ Con ' 19
200 Mexican 19 300 Union Con 20
200 Mexican IS 300 Union Con 21
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 California Standard 36
500 Cal & Utah Oil" Co 28
600 Four Oil Co 50
5 Hanford ..." 95 00
600 Lion, s 10. .11
200 Monarch of Arizona 45
50 Peerless, b 90. 8 60
1000 Petroleum Center 05
MINING STOCKS.
Mornlns Session. '.¦-. -•-
Board—
600 Cal & Utah Oil Co 25
500 Oil City Petroleum 81
2000 Petroleum Center 05
500 Petroleum Center, s 30......:... 04
200 San Joaquin O & D Co, b 90 9 50
100 San Joaquin O & D Co, b 90 9 75
100 Sterling - ~ 175
100 West Shore 2 75
Mornlns Session.
Board — ~ „
S Hanford 9 » «J
40 Home * J°
300 Lion "
60 Lion ]°.
20 Monarch of Arizona 44
BOO Oil City Petroleum 30
500 Oil City Petroleum - 23
1250 Petroleum Center 06
5000 Petroleum Center, s 90 0o
100O Petroleum Center, cash 0a
100 Petroleum Center, s 90 04
100 Petroleum Center, s 90... 03
500 Reed Crude 4a
100 Thirty-Three 10 00
Afternoon Ses3lon.
Board— .
200 California Standard 33
1000 California Standard 36
300 California Standard 37
100 Four 4S
25 Kern 6 00
200 Monarch of Arizona 4a
225 r -cidental of W Va.. 62
60C jcldentalof W Va 63
350 Occidental of W Va 64
200 Occidental of W Va 65
1194 Petroleum Center ; 05
1000 Petroleum Center, s 90 04
100 Reed Crude 43
50 Sterling 1 <0
100 Wolverine 1 CO
Street—
50 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River 12
1C0O Occidental of W Va 60
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
B5 Alaska Packers* Association... j.... 123 CO
10 Alaska Packers' Association. 8 90.. .12a CO
6 Bank of California 408 CO
220 Contra Costa Water 79 50
5 Contra Costa Water 79 ,»
15 Contra Costa Water J» *>*
150 Contra Costa Water 80 00
50 Contra Costa Water 80 -J
25 Equitable Gas 3 "H
265 Honokaa S Co.... 22 CO
SO Hutchinson S P Co.... ~ " 6 ; %
100 Kilauea Sugar Plan -Co, s 90 17 ia
10 Kllauea Suirar Plan Co 17 ia
20 Makawell j9 oO
100 Market-street Railway -«0 00
J5000 Oakland Gas bonds.. ihh
$5000 Oakland Gas bonds...... 112 00
$4000 Oceanic Steamship bonds -102 oO
145 Paauhau S P Co .— 26 50
15 Pacific Coast Borax.: 1« 00
245 Pacific Gas Imp....... » J?
25 S F Gas & Electric Co fS 2o
25 SDring Valley Water °o go
J3000 Sprin! Valley 4a bonda (2d mtge)...103 7a
J6000 Market-st Ry 1st Con 6s 12T 73
100 Pacific Gas Imp « 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board — „ M
100 Honokaa S Co f W
100 Honokaa S Co 20 50
E0 Honokaa S Co 20 6-%
150H<jnokaa. S Co |1 00
50 Honokaa 3 Co ?i ?-iz.
I £0 Honokaa S Co •• To nA
10 Kilauea Susar Plantation Co 13 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 4J 50
6 Oceanic Steamship Co « «»
10 Oceanic Steamship Co « 2*
5 Oceanic Steamship Co ** «{
6 Oceanic Steamship Co « TO
40 Paauhau S P Co £ 50
75 Pacific Gas Imp •» £J
240 S F Gas & Electric Co ?8 aO
J5000 S P of A bonds (1910) 114 00
Street — rn -„
20 Oakland Gas — «» 60
. Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
Hana - 7% 8 Kllauea ....... 17$ —
Hawaiian ....81 54 Makawell 39% 40.
Honokaa 21% 21% Onomea 20 *>
Hutchlnson ... 19% — Paauhau 26% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Alaska Pack..l24%125 Oceanic SS ... 43 43%
Cal Fruit Can. 94 98 Pao Aux F Al 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99% — Pao C Borax.147 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 18 —
Giant , 74 78 {Vigorlt ........ 2% 8
SUGAR.
POWDER.
German 1890 — Sav & Loan..— —
Humboidt — — fi ec . urlty^r-r-:?AX ~*
Mutual ..t. 50 — Union Trust. .1400 —
San Franclsco515 — -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....120 135 OS L & H.... 43 -
Geary 47%— Presidio — 27
Market 70 -70%
$42 60@43 and Honokaa "old at tWOfe *• O^* 1 "
changes were slight. £ ' ' " ___ - Hon-
Business was livelier In the aftern ?°?; - 75
okaa advanced to J23. Kllauea sold >»t_p™
and Paauhau at J26 60. Alaska P^«™_° e e a
clined t? $125 and Contra Costa Water advanced
t0 The fe'ature In oil stocks was the A"**™ 1 ?
Petroleum Center to to. There is ***?*?£*
ment of 5c on the stock. delinquent Jn boara
June 13 and In office June 20. .,_...._<« n f
Oil City Petroleum will pay * dividend 01
%o on June 5.
STOCK AND BOOT) EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 18— * P- ja -
UNITED STATES BONDS."
. Bid.Ask. ; .*"*- -*#•
4a <mar coup-.113%114 t4» qr cp < new^-JS 1/ J?X
4s quar reg.... 113%114 Ss quar coup. .109*110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s... 104% - /Oceanic S i 5s.. - 103
CaJ-st 5s ...117% — Omnibus R 6S.1ZS —
C C Water 6s. — 110% Pao G Imp 4s. — —
EdL&P 6s..l28H133Vi Pk & C H «s..l05 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 115 - Pk & O R 63.. 1" -
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s_12O —
H C & S 5Ks..lO6?4 - Sac E G R 5s.. - 100
Do 5s../. — 102 S F & SJV 68.119% --
Loa Ang R 6s.ll3%llR4 Sierra Cal 6s.. — 108
L A Light 63.. — 102 S P Of A 6i » „,.._,
Do gntd 63.. - 104 (1909) 112%ttS4
Do gntd 6S..100 102 (1910) ........— —
L A & Pac 53..102 — S P of C 69 .
Do 1 o m 68..101 *— (1909). ser A.106% —
Market-st 6s... — 127% (1905). ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m 6s.. — 123 (1906) u0 ~
Nev Co R 7s... — 113% (1912) .-•;••'• — —
Nor R Cal 6s 1 .. — 114^ S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s -119% cp BTitdr 6«.1« —
Nor Pao C 63.100 . — S P Br Cal 69.134 —
¦Do 6s — 1C8% S V Water 6s.. — U4
Nor Cal R 5S..113H — Do 4a.... VZgU'Z
Oak Gas 6s.. ..112 — Do 4s M m..l02&103
Do Tran 6s.. — 117% Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Do-Wat 6s... 104 105
, . WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 80 81 I Spring Valley. 86% —
Marin County. 53% — \ "
. . GAS AND ELECTRIC. ¦
Cent L & P..-. 3 — Paoiflo LA .... 43% 43%
Equitable..... -3% 3% Sacramento .. - —
Mutual 4H 7 S F G & E... 33 38%
Oakland -> 50% 50% San Francisco. 4 —
Pacific Imp ..35 — Stockton '» ~~
¦ .- . . : . . INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.235 245 |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73 80 L P & A... ...147 —
California ....408 — Mer Ex (llo).- IS —
Cal Safe Dep.107 — S F National — 125
First Nat 309^315
SAVINGS BANKS.
California Fruit} Sales.
". CHICAGO, May 16.— Porter Bros. 'Company
sales of - California .'fruit:- Penryn_ cherries—
Tartarlans, 70c to $1 45; Rockports, 8aC to $1 la.
Car,arrlved in Boor condition. :
Foreign Markets.
LONDON,- May 16.— Consols. 94%. ¦ Silver,
27%d. Cargoes on passage, i quiet - and steady:
cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 29a ,10%d;
cargoes Walla Walla. 28s 9d; English country
markets, quiet and steady. ¦ .'_'¦ !,.'¦' M " '
LIVERPOOL. May 16.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 Standard California, 6s' l%d@6s 2d; F™nch
country markets, partly cheaper; weather in
England, fine. •" '
. COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-32d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, £ May 16. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s ll%d: No.
1 Northern spring. 6s Id; No. 1 California, 6s
l%d. Futures, steady; July, 6s 10%d; Septem
ber, 5s 9%d. '••
CORN— Spot, steady ; American mixed new,
4s Id. Futures, quiet; July. 3s ll%d; September.
3s ll%d. - ¦- -
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. May 16.— Clearings, $306,897; bal
ances, $37,682.'. •
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May 16.— WHEAT— Walla "Walla,
steady but Inactive. 59@60c. •
Cleared— Bark Hawthorn Bank, for Queens
town, with 81,607 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 16.— WHEAT— Quiet: export
ers are bidding 59c for Club and 61o for Blue
Stem. . ~ •
The British bark Beechdale sailed to-day
with a wheat cargo for Callao. The bark Ldn
derhprn and the steamer Glenesk have arrived
fofcraln. ¦
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AN FINANCIAL
May
10
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I Last I This I Last
124 Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka O.H
Red Bluff 0.00
Sacramento O.OO
San Francisco 0.00
Freeno 0-00
Independence 0.00
San Luis Obispo 0.00
bos Angeles 0.00
San Diego Trace
46.07
24.21
19.62
20.61
11.06
5.61
30.85
15.58
11.25
48.59
22.94
20.24
18.42
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.81
5.89
I Last I This I Last
124 Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS.
Eureka O.H
Red Bluff 0.00
Sacramento O.OO
San Francisco 0.00
Freeno 0-00
Independence 0.00
San Luis Obispo 0.00
bos Angeles 0.00
San Diego Trace
46.07
24.21
19.62
20.61
11.06
5.61
30.85
15.58
11.25
48.59
22.94
20.24
18.42
10.27
3.65
17.20
7.81
5.89
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£S* OP £5y
60*" HEAD GENTLE "WORK, DRIVING aad
" x-fc " BUSINESS HORSES,
Welching From 1000 to 14301
Also SPAN 1200 MULES,
Consign*! by J. P. HTNE3, BRENTWOOD,
Contra Costa Co..
To Be Sold on
MONDAY... 21AT M. MCI
. At 11. A. M.. at
gALESTAHD. 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNER
" VAN NESS.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Kllllp & Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses now at yard.
AUCTION SALE
£a EXECUTOR'S SALE. £%
I will sell the contents of the late A. Hables'
stables S73 Folsjom St.. Friday. May 17. at
11 a. m., consisting of horses, carriages, bug-
gies, surreys, wayons, harness, robes, office fix-
tures, etc Sale peremptory.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Office 327 Sixth st.
fe> This week we offer i oo shares of stock in a ©?
VQ, manufacturing business (assets $750,600.00) at a lib- (§
JLv.ejal reduction: Stock can be purchased in quanti- &
M ties to suit. This % should interest those desiring a M
V\ conservative investment with assured, income and £n
Km '.negotiable assets. V&
(% -West Coast Investment Co. ¦¦ ' • %POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE OF
OAKLAND WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT IS ANNOUNCED.
BERKELEY, May 16.— An inquest over
the remains of Edward M. Cottrell, who
died suddenly yesterday at his home, 1333
Henry street, was held this morning, the
jury returning a verdict of natural death.
The deceased came to California fifty-one
years ago and was a charter member of
Golden Gate Lodge. F. r.nd A. M.. of San
Francisco. His son, Christopher Cot
trell, is a conductor on the local train.
The funeral services will b« conducted
to-morrow by the Masons. The Interment
mill -be in Laurel Hill Cemetery. San
Frarclsco. . - /
Death Calls a Pioneer.
OAKLAND. Ma'y 36.— The Bay Counties
Power Company filed one of the largest
mortgages ever recorded in Alameda
County with the County Recorder to-day.
It gives the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco a lien of $750,000 on the electric
concern's holdings in machinery, power
lines, rightg-of-way and real estate. The
document consists ol one hundred type
written pages and bears $375 in revenue
f tamps.
Tho Bay Counties Power Company has
just completed the line running to this
city through Yolo. Solano, Contra Costa
and Alameda counties from the generat
ing station.
BIG MORTGAGE GIVEN
BY ELECTBIC COIilPANY
Bay Counties Power Concern Places
on Record Eeavy Lien to Trust
Company. ' '
OAKLAND. May 1C— Four sisters of the
Sacred Heart Convent had a narrow es
cape from serious injury In a runaway
accident which happened this morning
while they were being driven In a cjrrriago
to the parochial scnool of the Church cf
the Immaculate Conception. On Eighth
street the coachman lost control of the
horses attached to the carriage and the
frightened animals dashed up the street
to the corner of Eighth and Brush, where
they collided with a truck. The carriage
was overturned and its occupants thrown
violently to the ground. Although the
rig- was wrecked the sisters escaped bodily
injury.
The accident was caused by a bridle
breaking just as the horses started to
run, thus rendering- the coachman power
less to check them.
SISTEES OF CO1TVE2JT
IN A RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
Thrilling Adventure Caused by Break
in Harness of a Frightened
Carriage Team.
Luncheon was served after the relig
ious exercises were concluded. Speeches
wers delivered by the Rev. Lawrence
Serca. Brother Theodorus and Brother
Errair.cld, president of the college.
Orsranirt. Profers-^r F. S. Schorcht; tenors—
J. P. Plover. J. W. Solen, W. J. Kennedy:
bary tones— Brother Agncn, R. S. McCarthy;
basses— J. A. Blossom, A. T. Porter.
The choir was composed as follows:
, relevant, the Rev. P. T. CallODy, '94; dea
ccr.. the Rev. Joseph McAuliffe. '90; sub-dea
con, the Rev. E. J. Nolan, 'SI; master of cere
monies, the Rev. J. J. Crcnwell.
The Catholic clergy of Oakland, Ala
rneda and Berkeley, with Fathers Casey.
Harrington, Smith. Gallagher and Hickey
cf San Francisco, occupied places in the
sanctuary.
Religious and Secular Observance of
Founders' I?ay by Priests and
the Brothers.
OAKLAND. May 16.— The feast of St.
John Baptist de la Salle, founder of the
order of Christian Brothers, was cele
brated yesterday at St. Mary's College
with religious and secular observance.
High mass was celebrated during the
morning, the officiating clerg-vmea being
as follows:
ST. KASY'S COLLEGE
CELEBEATF.S FEAST
University TtLen to Undertaks Bio
logical Survey of "Waters on
California Coast.
BERKELEY. May 11— The University
of California will undertake this summer
a biological survey of the waters of the
Pacific Ocean alorg the coast of this
State. The work wijl be commenced at
the marine biological laboratory- at San
Pedro. It has been made possible finan
cially through the generosity of H. W.
OMelveny. J. A. Graves. Jacob Baruch,
¦VV. G. Kerckhoff. V-:. R. Rowland, J. H.
Shanklanc! and John E. Plater, all of Los
Anat-ies.
Associate Professor William E. RItter
f.::l have charge cf the survey. He will
be assisted by Assistant Professor W J
Raj-rumd for hydrography. Assistant Pro
fecsor C. A. Koford for zoology and Dr.
x ¦ . W. Bancroft for physiolopy. Several
2c->logists will eo-oDerate with the uni
versity men.
The work at San Pedro will consist cf a
study of the physical environment of
rr.anne life In that sertion and of the
sturiy of material coljpcted with dredge.
traw! cr tew net. A large gasoline launch
nas been secured for work at sea.
In connection with the work courses will
be offered at San Pedro for the benefit
especially of teachers In biology. Lec
tures will be given by those in charge of
the survey upon the subject under re
search. The course of instruction will
begin June 27 and end August 7.
PROPOSE TO STUDY .
MARINE LIFE IN PACIFIC
Her claims are being contested by the
]'e:rs of deceased, who left considerable
property. The petitioner asks the court
for a family allowance of $100 monthly.
So far as appeared in to-day's hearing
<if the .averred widow's application before
Judge Melvin the union in question was
never sanctioned by church or state. A
witness, J. S. Carpenter, was put on the
htand to relate the story. He told of see-
Inc the petitioner and Cunniff coming out
rif a saloon late one night in August, 18S6.
together with a third party, a man whom
ihe witness di.l not recognise. The three
wer.t down Jefferson street until ooposite
the Church of ,the Immaculate Concep
tion. There they appeared to hold a con
sultation. They shortly crossed over and
rscenoed the church steps. Then said
Carpenter. Cunniff and the pet'tioner
*tood together at the church door facing
their companion, who joined their hands
f.n<1 v.crt through the form of marrying
:h'm. The witness admitted that he was
rot near enough to hear what was being
said, but paid .^e knew that it was a mar
riage by the way it was performed.
The testimony cf the alleged Mrs. Cun
r.:ff has not yet been offered, a doctor's
<crtiricate being: produced to show that
she is lyir.fx ill at a San Francisco sani
tarium at tho present time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 16.
A weird tale of a midnight marriage,
tvirh accompanying details of late convivi
ality and consecrated portals, is brought
forward by the claimant of a widow's
Ehare in the estate of the late Frank Cun
r.!ff. the former prominent East Oaklander
v.ho recently Committed suicide at Ag
r.ev.-s.
Claimant for Widow's Portion
Offers Evidence in Her
Behalf
Tale of Midnight Cere
mony Is Related in
Court.
QUEER WEDDING
AT CHURCH DOOR
ITot ; a'' Drop 1 of English ¦ Blood.
It is discoveredby tiie Sydney (N. S. W.)
Times that no English. blood flows In the
veins of -Edward 'jVIi; descendant .of Ed-
OAKLAND, May 16.— Attorney H. - S.
Aldrich has been retained as special 1 coun
sel in 'the prosecution of -Walter S.Bax-.
ter, 'who is accused of abducting , his
daughter, Marojellene • Baxter. ¦- The case
has been set i for. preliminary .. hearing in
the Police Court on May 22.: '^- ,
C -~ Will Prosecute Baxter.
V-. .;. — — — ; — • T ¦'. ~~~
"Water Company's' Valuation.
; OAKLAND, May. 16.— Arthur L. Adams,
manager' of " the Contra Costa! Water
Company, has nled with the County Re
corder a report placing the value of the
company's plant for rate fixing purposes
at $7,077,527, exclusive of real • estate, and
at $7,645,447. Inclusive of realty. 1 ¦
OAKLAND, May - 16.— W. ; A. Boole &
Sons have-* sent -invitations ' to the • Board
of Trade to witness the launching on
Saturday at 12:57. o'clock p. m. at. their
shipyards, 'foot of Adeline street, of the
four-masted barkentine. Lahaina, which
has been built for Hind. \ Rolph & Go.
Will Launch the Lahaina.
| OAKLAND, : May .' 16.— The" Ordinance
and Judiciary Committee ; of the City
Council recommended, to night, subject
to the City Attorney's approval,' the pas
sage . of an ordinance fixing a uniform
annual . license of $3 upon ; all businesses
that use : a sign attached : to a building,
and "imposing a yearly license of $2 upon
all sidewalk signs. . . -
Impose a License! on Signs.
ward the Confessor, and recently irrev
erently dubbed > by an American para
grapher; twitting: cruelly on past personal
facts in the new monarch's history, "Ed
ward the Caresser." The Australian an
alyst proceeds to vivisect the heir ap
parent and present occupant of the throne
"at 'ome," as if it were Professor Witt
haus and the poor King were Mr3. Ben
ham's liver, and arrives at the follow
ing result of its Investigations in his con
stituent hereditary atoms:
Scotch, two -parts; Scandinavian, two
parts; German, one thousand and twenty
parts. ¦ -
Now we know the chemical composition
of the English potentate, "upon whose
head," as Bob Ingeraoll put It, "has been
poured the divine petroleum; the kero
sene of authority." The Dutch nav9
taken England.— New York World.
Some of Evarts' Mots.
"While Hayes was in the White House,"
remarked Mr. Evarts, "water at his din
ners flowed like champagne." Another
made in an elevator crowded with can-
time and debasing coon songs that smite
the ear. Let's get back to 'Old Hundred'
and 'The Old Oaken Bucket" and *Auld
Lang Syne" and 'Annie Laurie' and *Ben
Bolt.' And I think we will confer an
everlasting benefaction on the public if
we have a law passed against such late
so-called songs as 'Ah Got Chicken on th*
Brain,' 'Jest Because She Made Them
Goo-goo Eyes' and 'I Like My Pork Chops
Greasy.' "
Although the president and his song
sters have passed the spring-chicken
stage they think they can still sing
and they hope to make their first concert
a harmonious success.
dldates for foreign appointments: "Thl3
Is the largest collection for foreign mis
sions I ever saw." Still another, at a
restaurant: "You can -always tell the
difference between a red-headed duck
and a canvasback duck by the length of
the bill." One more: "Washington threw
a dollar across the Rappahannock and a
sovereign across the Atlantic." And
again: "The French doctors tell me -I
must not read, I must not write, I must
not think. All I can do is to make
speeches in the Senate of tho United
States." And this one: "No; it is not the
different wines which trouble me, but
the indifferent one3." Also this, to a
young man after an able speech: "Al
though you nave laurels on your brows
do -not think you can browse on your
laurels." But' he sometimes got as good
as ha gave. After he left public life
his cousin, Senator Hoar, and he feigned
a dispute as to which should precede the
other at a social function. Said Hoar,
"I am a Senator. You are an ex-Senator.
You must go first. The x's always go
before the y's." — Brooklyn Eagle.
•'The decadence of the musical art i3
deplorable," said Mr. Boehmer. "It Is a
blot on the present day. Nowadays we
never hear such divine music as we did
in the old. Now it's all that Infernal rag-
tersen, M. F. Binder, A. O. Gott, B. E. Fisher,
Ira Sanford, Frederick Volberg, Arnold Postel,
A. P. Smiley, Sanford Bennett and Frederick.
Brampton.
In his opening 'statement the president
said the society had two great objects in
view. One is to give a concert for char
ity as soon as the weather-beaten voices
get in tune again, the other is to resur
rect some good old songs that have
passed into the beyond.
OLD MAN'S CHORAL SOCIETY IS THE LATEST THING IN ALAMEDA,
SOME OF- THE WARBLERS CLAIMING TO HAVE SAILED THE
FLOODS WITH NOAH.
¦ Maloney was 70 years of age. While he
was able to go about freely and was very
strong for his advanced age, his years had
been telling on . him of late. He caught
cold about a week ago" and that depressed
him considerably. • His suicide is attrib
uted to temporary Insanity, caused by ill
health. ' ¦-
-.The family is one of the oldest and best
known in Berkeley. They have lived at
thb corner of Eighth street and Bancroft
way for many' years. -CD. Maloney, - a
son, has been a leading factor in Berkeley
politics for several years. He was form
erly Deputy County Recorder, then Town
Trustee g of Berkeley, and now Superin
tendent of Streets of the' town. '
OAKLAND,: May 16.— Cornelius Ma
loney, father of C. V D. Malbney, Superin
tendent of Streets of Berkeley, was found
hanging to. a rafter in his barn late to
night. Mr. Maloney was with the family
at dinner time and appeared cheerful.
He had been sick for about a week -but
he did not complain. After dinner he said
that he -would go out for a little while.
When he did not return by bedtime,
knowing that he was not well and that
he was at an advanced age, the family
went out to search for. him. As he had
not been : seen in the neighborhood they
decided to look in the barn. There he
was found hanging to a rafter, dead. He
hadv taken a piece of rope, swung it over
a beam and after, tying the other end
around his neck had jumped off a box.
Time Resident ot
Berkeley.'
Sad Suicide of an Old-
HANGS HIMSELF
TO BARN RAFTER
W. B. Story. r>avid Martin, Ralph Hamlin,
J. C. Lancaster, Hugh GaJlagher, s John Conrad,-
Theodore Vogt. Albert Victors, Fritz Boehmer.
Henry Epstein, Bert Combs, . James Millington,
Roswell G. AVheeler, J. B. Kessing, Dr. Thomas
Carpenter, William Z. In^S, H. R. Taylor. Dr. J.
H. Van Voorhies, Frank Kalis. J. J. Kellensber
ger, E. B. Dunning, Frank Furey. F. S. Cone,
A. B. Dexter. C. P., Magagnos, E. K. Taylor,
Cyrus A. Brown, Hiram T. Graves, J. A. Burn
ham, J. A: Munro, J. E. Boltj Frank Hally,
Lew Vosburgh, T. ;D. Leydecker, A. A. Pe-
The first meeting of the society was
held 'in ' Blanding Hall last night, when
Mr. Boehmer was elected president and
Ralph Hamlin secretary. The
will be named at the next rehearsal. All
the members were present, as follows:
¦/.¦-¦¦. . • •
'a LAMEDA, May 16.— The Old Men's
,e\ Choral Society is the name of a
/Lj\ . musical organization that has
yf~^S\ just been- founded In this city.
Its originator is Fritz Boehmer,
a pioneer citizen, who has just celebrated
his seventieth birthday. He circulated a
petition and soon got forty-nine other old
men to sign it, the limit of membership
being. fifty. The minimum age limit is
70 years, but men over 100 are eligible to
join. None of the men Mr. Boehmer has
on his petition are less than SO years of
age. According to his computations their
combined ages make them more than 4000
years old. • This makes ¦ the society date
back to the time of Barneses III.
Ewing Loses a Diamond.
'OAKLAND, May 16.— J. Cal Ewlng,
County Auditor and baseball magnate,
has parted from his 5125 diamond shirt
stud. Bwing thinks he was the victim of
an expert Eastern pickpocket. .
BERKELEY, May 16.— The board of di
rectors of the California Wine Makers'
Association has presented the State Uni
versity library with 250 volumes on the
subject of wines, and wine making. The
collection is exceedingly valuable. *>It was
presented to the library in recognition of
the advice and Information received by
California vlneyardists from the univer
sity viticulturar experts.
Gift to Library.
The other organizations of iron workers
interested are the Core Makers' Union,
International Brotherhood of Bmov
sm5ths. Iron Moulders' Union and the Pat
tern Makers' Association. The' men af
fected are all skilled mechanics.
"We are prevented from raising prices
cn our because of Eastern com
petition," explained Mr. Booth. "There
wages are on the average 50 cents a day
less- than ours. While the wages. are cor
respondingly increased, the Eastern man
ufacturers are better able to meet the
raiso thnn are we who are compelled to
operate on a very narrow margin of
profit. . .
"Many of our men have been with us for
1 years and appreciate our position. We
have had a number of large contracts on
hand and to complete them the men have
been working overtime that we might not
be embarrassed- when the strike is called.
The -work is pretty well cleaned up now
.and if the works are closed down on
Monday without loss to us on our con
tracts the thanks will be due entirely to
tho men. On Monnday we shall open the
works as usual, and if the men do not
choose to work we shall be compelled to
close down. There will be no lockout." I
do not anticipate any trouble. There have
always been the kindliest feelings between
myself and the men and I am as anxious
as they to sp-j a settlement that- will bft
satisfactory to all concerned." .
President Charles S. Booth of the Oak
land Iron Works, employing 180 hands,
said to-day that he could not agree to the
new schedule.
The machinists employed by the Oak
land Iron Works, the Judson Iron Works
and the Best Manufacturing Company of
San Leandro have made a demand for a
reduction from ten to nine hours a day,
with an increase of 12V£ per cent in pay on
a nine-hour basis, to go into, effect on
Monday, in accordance with the decision
recently made public by the International
Machinists' Association. The union which
has charge of the light on this side of the
bay. is Oakland Lodge No. 284, Interna
tional Association of Machinists. Its com
mittee is composed of Harry biers,
Charles Oleanie and James Woods.
They announce that all of the affiliated
mechanics in their organization will re
port at the shops on Monday to work
under the new scale. If the demands are
refused a strike will occur.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 16.
Machinists Ask For. Less
Hours and More
Wages.
in Alameda, left special directions In his
will to provide against the fate he dread
ed. A clause in his testament reads: ,"I
desire and direct that my body may be
preserved sufficiently long to be absolute
ly certain that -death has occurred and
that It be buried decently in my lot In
Masonic Cemetery, in the city and county
of San Francisco, but without ostentation
or extravagance."
The will was filed -in the Probate Court
to-day by the widow, Mrs. Annie L. Ab
bott, who Is named as executrix.
The principal part of the estate consists
of land In Alameda and Shasta counties
valued at about $2500.
IN DBEAD OF THE HORBOR
OF BEING BURIED ALIVE
Will of Henry Abbott Makes Pro
vision Agtdnst Premature Burial
of His Body.
OAKLAND, May 16.— Fearing the hor
rors of a living entombment Henry Ab
bott of Shasta County, who died recently
Church. The cornerstone of Lisser Hall
will be laid during the afternoon by Miss
Hazel Moore Patterson.
The family had some money on deposit
in a savings bank; but Mrs. Fritz could
not sret hold of the coin. Fritz came to
town from Siskiyou County a few days
ago, according to his wife, to draw, that
meney and depart again. His caso will
be heard to-morrow in the police court.
The Fritzes, husband and wife, appear
to have very different ideas concerning
the responsibility of a parent to care
lor his offspring. The complaining wife
Insists that she has been compelled to
take in washing to keep the wolf from the
door, while Mr. Fritz in his capacity as
butler in a wealthy family has gained
some peculiar ideas about the place his
family should occupy.
Mrs. Fritz told Prosecuting Attorney
Leach that last March her husband noti
fied her that he would no longer support,
his children. He was in close touch with
the upper crust and he had discovered
that his family's station in life was not In
harmony with his new field. He .demanded
that Mrs. Fritz should start' the children
toward a higher sphere, but Mrs. Fritr.
rejoined that she could not move in that
direction upon their limited resources.
'•I admit that my husband does mingle
as a servant in the upper ten's circle,"
saifi Mrs. Fritz, "but that ought not to
excuse him from falling to care for. his
children."
Fritz was arrested at Sixth and Clay
streets by Policeman Woods. The hus
band did not seern to be much inconveni
enced by the affair, for he speedily pro
duced $40 in gold as bail and displayed a
gold watch and more coin at the police
station.
Emil Fritz refuses to support his wife
and children because his spouse cannot
reach the stratum of high social position
in which he has been moving for several
months. At least that is the story which
Mrs. Fritz related when she secured a
warrant for her husband's arrest for ne
glect to provide* for his daughters, aged
6 and 12 years respectively.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 16.
Wants Children to Shine
in the World of -
Fashion.
HUSBAND DRAWS
SOCIAL BARRIER
READY TO MAKE
FINAL DEMANDS
OAKLAND, May 16. — Commencement
week at Mills College will begin Sunday,
when the Rev. J. K. McLean will preach
the baccalaureate sermon at 3 p. m. at
the college. The closing concert will be
held Tuesday evening. May 21, and the
commencement exercises will be conduct
ed "Wednesday afternoon, opening at 2
o'clock. The commencement address will
be delivered by the Rev. Ernest E. Bak
er, pastor of the First Presbyterian
Hills College Commencement.
OAKLAND, May 16.— An announce
ment which has caused quite a
ripple of surprise in Oakland's se
lect social circles is that of the
engagement of Ethel T. Gage and
George E. Gross, two of the most popular
ycung people of this city. Miss Gage Is
a pleasant looking- girl with a sweet face
and a charming manner. Her friends will
be pleated to know that Oakland will con
tinue to be her home. Mr. Gross is well
krewn in this city and very popular. He
is ¦ a prominent member of the Reliance
Club and recently took an active part in
politics. He now holds a position in tho
City Treasurer's office.
The engagement of Miss Bessie Ga?<\
Miss Ethel's sister, was recently made
public. The two weddings will take place
in the fall, not at the same time, how
.ever. as that of Miss Ethel Gage will oc
cur in September and will be a home af
fair. The bride-elect is the second daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen T. Gage of
1300 Harrison street, Oakland.
Alameda County.
J. Dunn and Margaret E. Dunn, all interest
in lots S and 6, block B, Golden Gate .Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Margaret E. Dunn to Helen and Martin
McHugh, same, Oakland :"«i ft. '
B. H. and Mary V. Sriell to Pacific States
Saving*, Loan and Building Company, lot on
SW line of Union place, 75 SE of Commerce
street, SE 23, SW to a point which is inter
sected by the continuation SE of NE line of
lot 27, block £6, thence NW 25. NE to be
ginning, being a portion of block 66 on map
of James B. Larue's Addition to Towns of .San
Antonio and Clinton, East Oakland; $25.
A. W. Corliss to Mary A. Decrow, Emraa j a
Troutman, Edward and William «M. Thompson,
all interest in lots 12. 23 and 24, block B, Wool-
Bey Tract, Berkeley; $1.
Carrie E. Baker (single) to Benjamin F.
Brown, lot on NW corner of Prince and King
streets, W 120 by N 75:3. lot 17, block 9, Re
grent-street Homestead, Berkeley; $10. ¦-
Alameda Building: and Loan Association to
Ellen Croshaw, lot on N line of Eagle avenue,.
173:0% E of Park street, E 25 by N 150 being
the E half or 25 feet of lot 7, block F, Ala
meda Station Homestead Tract, Alameda; $10.
Henry Jensen . (single) to Mlllicent" Harbett.
lot G, block 14, Map of Town of San Leandro,
Eden Township; grant.
Charles M. Cleverly to M. J. Kerwin, ¦ un
divided one-half Interest in lot on E line .of
Kirkham street, 29:6 S of Twenty-sixth, S 1S2,
E 115. S 26, E 115, N 130, W 15, N 78. W 115
to beginning, being lots 7, 8, 9, 17 and . S • 26
feet of lot 10 and N 26 feet of lot 18, block
X, Map of Northern Addition to Oakland Oak
land; $10. v
Lydia H. McFadden to Annie "Welder, all
Interest in lot on NW corner of Taylor and
Wood streets, N 67:6 by W 36:6, being a por
tion of block 402, Oakland; $10. . . "
Soren Paulsen to Joseph C. Petersen, all in
terest in lot 5. block D, Map of Latham Ter
race, Brooklyn Township; $10. ., .
' Frank G. Andrews (executor estate Thomas
A. Smith) and Bank of Alameda (by J. B.
Lanktree, commissioner) to Union Savings
Bank, lot on SW corner of Pacific avenue and
Park street. W 13S:0U. S 150, E 124:11 Vi. N
5fi:G% to beginning, being lots 10 to 13, block
47. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $9311.
Grace M. ICimball to W. H. Souther, lot on
SE line of Broadway, 145:9 N of Santa Clara
avenue, N 60, SE 206, SW 50. NW 206 to be
ginning, being lot 7, block 5, Map of Hays and
Caperton Property. Alameda; $10. ...¦..-¦
Mary F. and Charles A: Littlefleld to Oak
land Bank of Savings, lot on S line of Syca
mOre street, 145 E of Grove; E 44 by S 100,
block L, Kelsey Tract, Oakland : $1500. ' ¦ ..-
Ernest A. and .Elizabeth D. Heron to Samuel
J. Taylor, lot on SE line of Mariposa avenue,
188.45 NE of Santa Rosa, NE-55 by SE 150,
being- lot 6 and adjoining- 5 .• feet of lot 7,
block D; Linda Vista Terrace map 2, Oakland;
$6000. ' ¦ .. : ¦•, - ¦. •¦ ¦ ¦ '. •
Catherine -McGee (as executrix of the estate,
of James McGee) to J. A. Marshall, lot on SE'
corner of Allston way and Mary street, S 6U0,
E 2G1.76. N 600, W 258.21 to. beginning, being
all of block 12, McGee Tract, Berkeley: $11,000.
Robert and Annie Shannon to Joseph Anto
nucclo, lot on N line of-Nlcol avenue, J 50 W
of ' Taylor street, j W 50 by N 150, being lota
23 and 30. block G, Nicol Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $5C0. ¦ ¦ .
Annie M. Whitney (by J. H. W. Rtley, com
missioner) to William A. Brown, lot, beginning
at a point at NW corner of lands of F. K.
Bechtel by deed of July 17, 1883, thence S
along E line of Frultvale avenue 100, thence
SE 380 to W line. of Bona Tract, thence l NE
100, NW 380 to beginning, Brooklyn Township;
grant. ¦ • ¦ . ' ' • i
Augusta H. Small (widow) to Richard C. afl d
Elizabeth- B. Waterman, ' lot on N line of
Highland avenue, 120 E of Laurel street, E 40
by N 132.50, lot. 4, block N, amendedv map of
Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1000. . -
James and Martha A. -Barry to Margaret V.
Cocks (wife of- Henry), lot on W line of Lewis
street, 175. N of Lloyd avenue, N 87:6 by W
100, being lot 28 and S half of lot . 27. block
C. Frultvale. Station •Tract,' Brooklyn ¦ Town
ship; $ioco. .. - . , ¦- .-¦¦••-...•¦
George W. Austin to Edward J. Stewart,
lot on E line, of Myrtle street,' 98:1^ S of
Twenty-first, S 50 by E 125. lots 2Sand 29,
on map of subdivision Wall Tract, Oakland ;
$10. . . ¦ v , .-¦¦,-.. .y- ¦
Frank and Fllomena Fisher to Joseph' and
Maw- Neves, alHinterest in" lot on E line of
Hefry street. 100 Nof Third, N.25 by B 125,
lot 11, block F, Bay .View Homestead, Oakj
land; $10. - . ¦ . J . • ... . 7*
James. Nolan to. Cecilia Nolan, lots 21 to 27,
block 27, Kellersberger's,map, Oakland; gift.
James C. McKee to Andrew and Sophia Pe
terson all interest In lot on ; E line of Union
street, 100 S of West Twelfth, S 23:6. E 133:6.
N 25:6. W 40, N 4, W 98:3. to beginning, por
tion block 662, - Boardman's j map, 'Oakland*
$1000.. .-..--
Adallne ¦ N. Avery to Charles E. Talbot, lot
on E line of Sixth street, 100 E of Page, N
30 by E 120, » lot 2S; ¦ block 36, .Tract, B, v Berke
¦ ley Land and . Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; gift. ¦ \ .
- Amml R. Lord >, (single) to- Johanna L. Bus
uenlus, all; interest In" lot • on NW corner of
Blake and Dana streets, N 40 by W 106
Berkeley; $1000. '--• -¦•-" ', ; .
Emil Fischer ¦ to : Gustav ' A. Wlese, ' lot on
NW line of Regent street,* 213. 63 SW of Cen
tral avenue, '¦ SW : 40 by : NW U8.83, portion
Foloy>Tract, Alameda: $1300. ; •/
Polly 6. Halle ? to "W, - H.( Staniels. lot ¦ 4,
block 61, •' lands ; adjacent to .; Enclnal, - ; Ala
meda; $32S.V- • •-¦'.-. i >;>.;¦ • >-• .v. -¦
EEAL ESTATE - TRANSACTIONS
Burglars in a Saloon.
OAKLAND, May 16.— A pistol and ia
bottle of whisky were stolen last night
by burglars who entered Tamm's saloon,
corner of Tenth and Franklin streets.
OAKLAND, May 16.— The .Alameda
County Teachers' Club has . elected the
following 1 named officers: President, Miss
C. P. Leet; vice presidents, Mrs. E. M.
Bartholomew and C. E. Merwin; treas
urer, Miss M. A. Sullivan ; corresponding
secretary, Miss Esther Frank; recording
secretary, Mrs. Elise D. Reynolds; pro
gramme committee— Mrs. E. M. Barthol
omew, Miss Abble Phillips, Miss Esther
Frank, Miss Beatrice McDonald and Miss
G. B.Playter. The club's financial con
dition, already strong, has been im
proved by the receipt of $234 from the
Ernest Seton-Thompson lecture given re
cently to the school children. The mem
bership Includes half of the' teachers in
the^Oakland School Department.
Teachers' Club. Flourishes.
Walford is^. Iwenty-two years of age,
while Mrs. Struckman is nearly twice as
old. She took her three children away
with her. » -.
In the yard the disillusioned husband
found evidences that ail. the poultry had
been killed ar.d dressed ready ror mariiei.
Struckman applied for shelter at the
house of a neighbor and this morning
started out vowing vengeance. Up to date
the trail ends at San Leandro, where the
elopers turned the yield If their looting
into cash. : .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
lilS Broadway,. May 16.;
Herman Struckman, a Fitchburg dairy-,,
man, Is looking for his hired man, Frank
Walford, and Mrs. Struckman, who dis
appeared from his milk ranch some * time
between daylight and dark yesterday,
taking with them all the movable articles'
of value abo-Jt the place. Struckman
traced the pair until he found they fiad
sold the household goods at San Leandro;
then he came to Oakland and asked Dep
uty District Attorney Samuels to Issue a
warrant for their arrest. He was sent
back to Fitchburg to secure more evidence
to support his charges. .
Struckman said that-he had employed
Walford for seven months. The two men
cared for the_ cattle night, and morning,
while during" the day Struckman went
over the route delivering milk to his cus
tomers, leaving his assistant at home to
do the work about the place.
"All this time," said Siruckman, "he has
been abusing my confidence by making
love to my wife, e If I succeed in catching
him, something is going to happen."
When Strucnman reached home last
night, tired with his day's labor and ex
pectant of a warm and savory meal, he
arrived upon a scene of desolation. The
house was dark and cold. Outside the
cows were lowing hungrily. The cottage
was despoiled of its furniture excepting a
bed, two chairs and a table, too dilapi
dated to be salable.
Says Employe Eloped With
His Spouse After Looting
Household.
Fitchburg Dairyman Is
in Pursuit of . His
Hired Man. :
WIFE AND GOODS
TAKEN FROM HIM
WILL BECOME A BRIDE
IN EARLY PART OF FALL
Engagement Is Announced of Miss Ethel T.
Gage, a Young* Belle of Oakland, and
George E. Gross, Deputy City Treasurer
NEWS
drTMCj
DmT CITIES.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
[ -MEWS. ?
. BAY CITIES.
THE SAN FKANCISOO CALL,- FRIDAY, -MAY 17, , 1901.
OldMen's Ghoral Society Formed by Fritz Boehmer With Fifty
• Member Though None of Those Who
Joined Are Under 80— Charity Concert Will Soon Be Given
AGED SONGSTERS ORGANIZE GLUB
TO RENDER STANDARD MELODIES
11
—.MAY THE NIHETEENTkL.
PASSING OF THE GREATEST j
« PRIMATE HARRIS I WILD ANIMAL HUNT
COLOCT. IN THE WORLD.
THE LATEST FADS THE HILLSIDE HOMES
IN OF
BATHING SUITS, BERKELEY.
A THOUSAND -MILE BMDAL %
r TOUR IN AN OPEN BOAT. *
One ol the Most Unique and Adventuresome Honeymoons Ever Spent.
DRIVEN INTO THE nCTION, FASHIONS,
QUICKSANDS OF THE BOOKS |
RIO GRANDE _ AND PAGES OF j
Most Thrillma Indian Story o! HUMAN INTEREST \
the Day. STORIES.
WHO WILL NEXT THE j
RULE THE ABORIGINES OF j
MORMON CHURCH? AUSTRALIA. j
-^ THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. i.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901.
12
SA3T FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.«
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
C15 Larkin street; open untU 9:30 p. —-,
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street comer Sixteenth, open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until 3 p. — - .
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ™-
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open "» tH { P- "• —
MEETIXGXOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery, No. 1. K. &X-*
T.. 8 Post 6t.-Regular assembly THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7 :30 o'clock- All HIJ
fraters courteously invited. By order
of the common _ GRAVEg> Biecaeaa .
st.-Owing to the state of Mrs. McKin- KJ
ley'6 health, the parade and reception
&Tt K!^^S«fc^
AFTERNOON has *«£*»««•£_. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. ,
EVENING, a^ o o,^ fcH^nd
DORIC Lodge No. :l «f_^-_ .A
Special meeting THIS <£S IDA T > «_3f
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-^/%
gree Master Masons are Invited, ay
order of
MRS. WILLIAM McKINLEY-Dear Sis- J^T
ter- California Chapter No. 1S3. O. L. jfijik
B. requests the honor of your presence -J—
at the meetir.jr of the chapter bAT-
URDAY EVENING. May 18. 1901. « '
°' Cl °LIZ_ T^NGSEN. Worthy. Matron.
ISADORA HORTOX. Secretary.
C1 vr t^tj * vn^fVl Tent rCo. 18, K.
"NT-K THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock, Pioneer g'S'Sna
Hall. :« Fourth rt. „ WM®
Record Keeper. "%sgy
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- x «f*«.
rtnr.tan Club THIS EVENKsG at Q JJ
S o'clock. Tickets for the tent
will be plven to members. Scottish ~_7«
Hall. 117 La/ kI M st ilACpHERS0N . chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
A O. H.. Division No. 2.— Funeral no-^iWt>
tfce.— The officers and members of VXwf
Division No. 2 are hereby requested J*>Nfl
to assemble *at Hlbernia Hall. 120$CjK3?
Nir.th Et, at 8 o'clock a. m., to attend »^_ •
the funeral of our late brother. LUKE
KELLY. Members of sister divisions are cor-
dially invited. By order of
JOHN KENNEY, President
T. L. CLANCY. Sec.
THE Brotherhood of Teamsters will j/gTTJV
hold its first annual picnic on SAT- CSsO<
l'RPAT. May IS, at Schuetzen Park. P^rg^J
Members are requested to meet at \nJTy
Teutonla Hall at 7:30 a. m. and >«*->''
march in a body to the ferry.
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN. Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting of Restaurant Keepers' As-
Fociation is called to meet at Ehlels building.
?,2 O'Farrell «.. at 2 o'clock p. m., on Friday,
May 17, All members will please be sure to
attend. By order of P. T. BENNETT. Pres.
NOTICE M. E. B. A.— Please meet at rms, 9 a.
m.. Fri. 17th. to attend funeral of late Bro.
John Carr. J. R. Floud, Pres. ; Wm. Warin, Sec.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Bait Water Company will be held at the
office of the company. 227 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May. 190L at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for tbe ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 17. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
THE Caltfernia Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery.
In the Avalanche mine, near Vallicita. Cal-
averas County, to deposit tailings In Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Keesy, In the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
ville. Piuraas County, to deposit tailings in
Hinchman Creek, gives notice that a meet-
ing will be held at room £9. Flood building.
Fan Francisco, Cal.. on May 27. 1S0L at
1 :S0 p. in.
AGENTS WAJfTED.
MAN to solicit in city or country; can make
from $2 to Jo per day. Apply at 3 Taylor
Ftreet.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. American Exploration Co., 1413
Call building.
ADOPTION.
GOOD fcome open for healthy boy and girl ba-
W*k. MRP. DR. FTTVKK. 141S Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTOI ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
raired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
nr> fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. *'5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery st, S. F.
ADVICE free : no charges unless successful. W.
. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckele bldg.. 927 Mar-
fcet Ft.: consultation free: no fees In ad\-ance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
: OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
<^are;f=unny >ard;nr.school:reasonable.l607 Cal.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 chil-
dren to beard; g-ood care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— £00; CORNER saloon with 2 living rooms,
on Brannan Ft.; good business; close to fac-
tories. Call It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— IJOOO: HALF-INTEREST In leading restau-
rant; private boxep; located clone to Powell
and Market £_. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
K«?arny ft.
A— 12C00; BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition; net rent $4S; clearing above J1S0
per month; large patronage; stock of bus-
pies, horses ar.d harness first class. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26H Kearny Et
A— J8M); CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms: established years; rent $35: location
¦ an t be best and tbe business is first class.
<all R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Bt.
A-S1700; ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on lead-
ing business etreet; rent $60; first-class pay-
ing establishment; owner compelled by sick-
ness to retire. Particulars. R. G. WILKE.
"G\i Kearny et.
A-CMCiO; ICECREAM parlora and candy store;
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
J750; value in sight; net profits at least $150
per month. Call It. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A — 51750; CORNEIt grocery and bar; place es-
tablished years and known as one of the best
paying corner groceries In this city; location
onu block from Market fit. Particulars R.
<J. WILKE. 2W2 Kearny et.
A— HIM; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent
$29; investigate and make an offer; a rare
r.nd cood chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i
Kearny st. >
A-$40G0; SALOON on Market st; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent t_»; sickness in family com-
l<*!s owner to sacrifice: a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
AAA— 100 CIGATt stands. 200 groceries and bars,
COO candy and icecream stores, 500 refatau-
rants. 9jO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with 1100 up can be suited. If you
Tiant to buy a business csMl and see us.
_ WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Marktt st
BARBER Fhop, 3 chairs, with baths; clears $20
week. WALTER HAYES _ CO.. S38 Mar-
ket Et. I
FOR private pale— Some of best saloons in city.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
A— CANDY store in Western Addition.... $350
Delicacy store; g«c<3 stock; no opposition. COO
Saloon in business district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-
ing-house gOO
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market Et 2000
Merchandise business in pood town 1200
• Corner grocery and bar. from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery (stores, cigar stands, bath houses
delicacy stores, in all parts of city from $150
up. KITEL & CO.. 1032 Market Et.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 753 Mkt
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
rhicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
JC23— DAIRY depot; fine trade; will support a
family. Ll'NDIN - CO.. 906 Market st.
DUCK and chicken ranch for sale. McLAUGH-
I.IN. 777 Market Et.
ONE of the oldett and best-paying saloons in
Sacramento; a great chance to make money;
trial given before buying. Business Board
of Trade. 326 Pine Et. ; phone Davis 826.
PARTNER wanted In one of the best-paying
- butchering businesses In the city; not neces-
i eary to understand the business, but must be
willing to -work. 20i3 Sixteenth st
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continned.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-.
Ing large and very profitable business. HORN.
6OLOMON _ CO.. 30 Kearny St.
DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work: dally receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
"WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON _ CO.. 30
Kearny st. ; telephone Main 1604. - - - - ¦
BAKERY— An old established and well paying
bakery in a prosperous country town, which
has both a good store trade and outside
routes: llvlne rooms, with furniture; horses
and wagons; everything complete and in good
running order; will be sold at a sacrifice: a
great chance: good reason for selling. Ad-
dress box 3107. Call office.
WANTED— Partner: a reliable young man
with several hundred dollars to start a
branch store of a well established business,
principally tea, coffee, crockery, glassware.
Address box 4105. Call.
FINE drug store In Alameda* doing a good
paying business; proprietor has other busi-
ness that requires his attention: rare oppor-
tunity. Apply soon to E. H. BAXTER. 31 2d.
FOR sale— A well fitted up beer and billiard
saloon on Market st, near City Hall. Mc-
LEOD & HATJE. wholesale liquor mer-
chants, 515 Market et. .
FOR SALE— Good cigar stand near theaters;
low rent; owner going to Alaska. Box 3111.
Call office.
MILK route paying $100 for sale cheap. Ad-
dress box 3109, Call office.
FOR sale— Bakery doing fine business; 2 horses
_ wagons; in first-class condition. Apply
Enowflake Bakery. Sth & Chester. Oakland.
COUNTRY: 2-chair barber shop for sale or ex-
change. 401 Sutter at.. 1 p. m.
BARBER shop to let; chairs and tools for Bale.
2S30 Twenty-fourth st ¦
BREWERY doing a good business In a prosper-
ous town of 2000 Inhabitants. 40 miles from
San Francisco; situate on the principal street
in center of town; dwelling asd other build-
ings on premises; several adjacent towns sup-
plied with beer; only brewery in the vicinity;
sold on account of death of the owner; rars
chance to purchase a prosperous business;
liberal credit given. Address GERTRUDE E.
JORDAN. Llvermore. Cal.
FOR Sale— $3000; old-established flower, store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., bolter, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON, 6C0 Halght Et . .
NEIGHBOR — If you are In town this week or
.coming in call at Smiths' Cash Store, 25 and
27 Market st, for a complete outfit of gents'
furnishing goods — shirts, underwear, gloves
and neckwear. You will find them on the
third floor; prices are right; so are the goods.
A MAN who can be recommended, acquainted
with merchandise and general business, to
take charge of a large storage place on
shares; eure income; good pay; permanent
work. Apply for details and particulars 27
Market st.
MERCHANT tailoring business for sale, cheap;
in a country town; good business; no oppo-
sition: fine chance to make money. Apply
Call office.
IF you would engage in a profitable business,
requiring little or no capital, yielding a small
Income, with good prospect of Increase, call
or address Smiths' Cash Store, 25 Market Bt.
BARBER shop wanted. 4 chairs and up, for
cash: state full particulars; no agents. C.
R., 1707% Jones st
WANTED— Partner with $500, in merchandise
buEineEs: situated in good mining town. Box
4115. Call office.
BARGAIN in thriving town. Davy Crocket
cigar store. Point Richmond. Cal/
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
lodging-houses for sale.
aTcameron^co '".,
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to Ee"ll list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. S»e list of bargains.
43 rooms: oak furn.; good transient $2500
24 rooms; fine furniture and carpets 2250
10 rooms; central; well furnished 450
15 rooms; furn.; carpets extra good 1050
33 rooms; permanent and trans.; elegant. 350O
18 rooms; rent $65; elegantly furn.; perm. 1600
18 roonis; 2 entrances; rent $75; trans 1500
20 rooms; rent $60; water free: good furn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $C0 2100
19 rooms; rent $60; clears $70 100O
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent.
719 Market st. by the Call building.
5 flats of 6 rooms each: $300 to $200
14 houses of 10 rooms each: $700 to -. 300
46 houses, 15 to 20 rooms; S1600 to 750
S4 houses, 22 to 30 rooms; $2700 to 1000
22 houses. 31 to 42 rooms; $4000 to 1S0O
19 houses, 44 to 50 rooms; $5000 to 2000
26 big- houses and city hotels. Call for list.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st, opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00; 35 roonis, price $1400.
24 rooms price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms price $1400: 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS— Only $8 50; fine location, near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. 935 Market. st.
' ATTENTION, BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house In
th» city, and pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market
WALTER HAYES & CO.
GREET
PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
Watch this space next week for an unprece-
dented list of Bargains in Houses.
838 Market Bt
35 ROOMS; rent $80; receipts about $200....$S50
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $35 per month... 650
$300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent; water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
18 ROOMS: Mission st; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $43; price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy st. ; rent $.'.8; price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st
FURNISHED roomlng-liouse in good order for
rent or sale on easy terms. 6 Central place,
off Pine St.. nr. Kearny; call after 12 m.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market Bt.— A good list
of lodging-houses. -
A N.ICELY furnished 9-room house; low rent.
Apply S43 Post st.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
MiRs7^jr^r*WH?TNEY^
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; EUIs-
et. car; sit. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
WHEELER, the trance medium, for business
and- life affairs; trance circles Tuesdays.
Thursdays and Sundays. 8 p. m., 25c; other
evenings. JOc; rfadlnps dally. 10 a. m. to 4 p.
m.. SI; ladles, 50c. 303 Larkin st. rms. 87-S8.
MRsT~LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin
Ft.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 313 Turk
ft ; hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night, 8:15 sharp; sit-
tings 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton St., nr. Greenwich.
Mrs. Gilllngham, spiritual meeting, 8 p. m., 10c;
bring sealed quest. 305 Larkin, cor. McAllister
MME. MARQUISE, 108 Sixth St., holds test cir-
cle to-night at 8; 10c; sittings dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush St.. near Leavenworth.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium; clairvoyant; cand reader. 715 Post Bt.
EARLE. 622 Geary st, telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th— Cir. Sun. & Fri. eves.; sitt'gs dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; foict to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. m! BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third 8t. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will Yz: told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE! BROESKE! BROESKE!
The greatest of Psychic .and Scientific Palm-
ists, gives advice on all affairs of life; reads
your entire life, past, present and future;
your character, talent, abilities and health:
perfect satisfaction by mail ; gives advice in
regard to profession, love affairs, business,
speculation; Ehows you how to avoid misfor-
tunes in the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading $L 203 Turk Et
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, t&e well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket fit, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 ana
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market op.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS—- Contlnnea. /
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathtc Co., 1382 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, . tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease witii life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1 palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings, 50c. 8 Hayes St., nr. Market.
MME. LAROSE.' best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson at, cor. 6th
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fail consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant - card reader; la-
dles. 25c; gents. 60c 132 Sixth st. ¦•".-",
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% JeEsie St., bet 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist, card read-
er; 25o up; leaves May 20. -7- Seventh st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted -with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
JONES & CO., reliable carpet-cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 1061.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342- •
344. McAllister Bt.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warta, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market Et.
DENTISTS.
A^"^"_L_CTR^_ENTXtTc_INIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a, m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell et.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st., cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
A new thing in gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain; Investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R* L, WALSH,S15% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st,. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School —
1 Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
_____________
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallag-her, expert court ' reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
S. F.— Bookkeeping, phorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering:, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free..
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.-Day
6 eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references,- President-Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
. can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec..mlning,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College! shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches In oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; 60c.
Box E. Call office.
SPANISH lessons; new practical method; full
course $10. 609 Kearny st.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, 1008
Mission; concert May 29, Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tn.
'
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleanlng Co.; best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2331.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.;|tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.'
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE girl would like position to as-
sist in upstairs work and child. 20 Middle st.
. between California and Pine, Fillmore and
Webster. •:'¦¦.'¦¦¦¦¦
FIRST-CLASS seamstress and woman who
does upstairs work desires position. Address
19O4& McAllister et.
"WANTED — By an elderly woman, a situation
to do housework; will work by day or week;
PleaUy, reliable woman. 812 Bryant st."
WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper or'
work in a grocery store. ' Call or address
7 Clara st. -' ¦. :
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do plain cook-
ing and housework or upstairs work. Call
120 Twelfth st, down stairs. .
DRESSMAKER, lata of New York, wishes- to
go out for $2 a' day. Apply to MRS. N.
\VAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st. V
COMPETENT ladies' nurse wishes situation in
confinement- or as invalid's nurse; reference
given. Call 2406 Post Bt. -"...*.
A WOMAN wishes chamberwork or general
housework; capable; wages $20. Call 111>4
Minna st - ¦„,¦ .\ . .- | ¦'.' ¦*,-.¦ •-..--
A' MIDDLE-AGED -woman wants housework
by day or month, $10 to $12 a month., Call,
or write 56 Hermann St., 9 a.m. to 5 p. m.
MRS: REVESS. . ¦ . • ¦ ¦ , -- ,
FIRST-CLASS laundress,', specialist on- fine
baby ', clothes, wants to take work -.home.
820 Treat ave. •_ -' ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
REFINED woman; housekeeper or managing
housekeeper for hotel; fine cook; no objection
to country. Box 4130. Call. ;. -' < - ! .:
"WINCHESTER. House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 tor
-$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
' and baggage to and from ferry.- : '. . •¦'.'.••
CLASSIFIED .advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call. branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. . ¦ ' ¦¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE. .
RELIABLE,' sober man desires situation in
private residence; good gardener; handy man
with horses and cows; general work all round;
city or country. Box 3110, Call office. \
HANDY man (elderly) wants 'work; under-
stands care of horse, cow, garden and chick-
ens; good, . plain cook; good references. Ad-
¦ dresa Handy, box 3114, Call office. .-¦¦¦'•
GOOD barber wants situation in some small
town; ia also a good musician. Address box
3106, Call. -,.-.¦. ; --..'..-. ¦
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. -Inquire. 207 Montgomery avenue.
New Atlantic Hotel.
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to do
the work and take charge of a ranch; good
references. J. P.. 144 Juniper st. ¦ ¦¦¦. :
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience In busy
office desires position, or will accept any other
¦ kind of work. Box 3105, Call office. : . .
COMPOSITOR wants situation or would invest
small capital in good . country proposition.
Country, box 3015. Call office.
JAPANESE young gentle boy wishes position
at housework; T. GEORGE, box 3108. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at. 1096
Valencia st. ' ".- - - ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore at.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. Sth.
FINANCIAL.
400 SHARES capital stock of Smiths' Cash
Store at $30 per share, par value $100; 10 per
cent • guaranteed on purchase price; a pioflt-
eharlng proposition. Apply 27 Market st.
I FLATS TO LET. .
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath.. 1810 Eddy
street. I -...'¦ ' • ¦
MODERN upper flat of 4 rooms at 941 San-
chez st. . Key at 310'4 Waller st
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms and bath. 1012
Thirteenth st. near Scott. ¦ ¦ -
$20— LOWER; 6 Bunny rooms; grass yard, etc.
41 Hill St.. near Guerrero. , .
$12 60—299 SHIPLEY, near Sixth, flat 4 rooms,
bath, gas; nice yard. -•
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
ADULTS; 4 rooms, bath; 2 beds; gas and coal
stoves; all necessaries. 1917 Geary st
MODERN furnished flat, 6 rms. & bath, piano,
etc.. to Sept 1; cheap. 1530 Grove. 2 to 4 p. m.
. ' FURNITURE FOR. SALE.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis st. . ; ¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131' Market.
ASSORTMENT of furniture, carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter st; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent 1205 Larkin; tel.Polk* 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, -carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP 'WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.S. ...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses, cook, laundresses, fancy troners,
chambermaids to wait, chambermaids for ho-
tels and restaurants, city and country and
summer resorts, at the • best wages and fare
paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Any woman or girl looking for a position as
house girl, cook, nurse girl, second girl, city
or country, can obtain same by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED for a lodging-house .....City
Man and wife, German, as day clerk and
woman to do chamber work and linen room
work, $50; chambermaid, $25 to $30; a German
night clerk, $30; porter, $30.' For particulars
apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, 5 family, Mehlo Park, $35;
cook, 2 family. Menlo Park, $35; 5 cooks, Ger-
man style, with and without washing, $30; 2
cooks, summer . resorts, $30-?35, see party here
to-day; laundress, private family, country.
$35; laundress for institution, $25; chamber-
maid, rooming house, $20; kitchen helper, $25,
for resort; 5 waitresses for summer resorts,
$20-$25; chambermaid, wait one meal, family
' hotel, city, $20; 8 waitresses, restaurants, 8
weeks; nurse, one child, $20; 50 girls for all
kinds of housework, city and country. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter et.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ...Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. , ' ,
5 waitresses, first-class resorts, $20; 15 wait-
resses, city and country places, $20 and $25; 4
1 chambermaids to wait, $20. ; .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ;
25 cooks and house girls for city and country
places. $20 and $25. MRS. M. E: DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st. ' ,
A FEW hand-sewers to sew on buttons and to
finish. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Gough
and Grove sts. •• . >
¦ ~ ¦ .? ¦-
TEN more, young girls, residing at home, to
learn operating; paid while learning. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, . corner Gough and Grove.
DRESSCUTTER with experience; pleasant and
steady position. GANTNER- & MATTI3RN,
1017 Hyde st. near California. ¦
A YOUNG girl to do cooking and general house-
work; reference required. Call at 153S Taylor
street. . ' • - ¦
FIRST-CWASS jacket hands at <E. ' MESSA-
GER'S. 145 Post st. !
FIRST-CLASS shirt hands at _. MESSA-
GER'S. 145 Post st " , ; '
WOMAN to do washing and housecleanlng.
Call at 1 Scott st. '
EXPERIENCED finisher to work on first-class
coats. 334 Kaarny St., room 9. ¦¦¦
EXTRA good pay for experienced hands on silk
waists. J. STEINHART, 230 Sutter Bt.
A GOOD tailoress wanted at 423 Montgomery
avenue. ¦
WANTED— Girl to 'assist with housework;
car fare paid. 162 South Park.
TWO good waitresses for restaurant, $3 a
• week. 1550 Market st.
WANTED — Girl for housework; no washing;
steady place. 948 McAllister st. -. - ¦-..,
WANTED— Alteration hands on ladles' coats;
steady place. ¦¦ 1022 Market Bt. ¦
AN experienced waitress. 312 Eddy st
WANTED— A reliable girl to take care of a
child. Please call at 2110 California st. ,
GIRL for general " housework; 4 in family; two
adults; , wages $20. 319 Page st. ¦ , v
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G.'W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission St., cor-
ner. Second. ¦ ' ¦ '
YOUNG girl to assist light housework and care
small girl; good home. 1006 Geary st
FIRST-CLASS alteration t hands at E. MES-
SAGER'S cloak and suit house, 145 Post^st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; first-lass
, wages.' 631 Clay st; .'. -\-'\ ¦' . •
NEAT girl for light upstairs work; must un-
, derstand mending. 1180 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework; small family; no
• children. 006 Treat ave. . - ¦
WANTED— Experienced • waitresses; none but
'-- experienced need apply. '20. Third st. . ¦
NURSEGIRL, 16 or over; . wages < $10. ¦ 117A
- Bartlett st. • . ".¦¦'".•¦ - . ¦¦':'. - ' ¦
WANTED— In San Rafael, a' neat, obliging girl
' about 28 ¦ years of . age . for second work and
attend grown children: must have good refer-
; ence; wages $25 per month. :~ Address P. ; O.
box 196. . San ¦Rafael., r. , '' . ' ".
LADY bookkeeper for manufacturing ; concern;
... state : experience and '-.salary. Address 1941
¦ .Mission -Bt.. 1 - '.•...., •¦,¦,' ....'¦¦;'-¦ '¦.¦¦." ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.;
• entire course $5; positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start. Hairdressing College,- 674 Geary.
HELP' WAJfTED— FEMALE— Con. .
A GIRL or woman of middle age, the latter
preferred, ' for general housework in country;
family of 2, sometimes 3; quiet home: wages
$10 a. month; must be Protestant or of no re-
" HgioUE affiliation.'- Address P. O. box 62,
Centervllle, Alameda County, Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL 8c MICHELS, E31
Mission st. . ... . ... . ¦-..". . - ,¦- ¦¦¦¦
WANTED — Experienced operators and flnlsh-
:,ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO., 535 Market st.
OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss _ Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st. Apply ! to
MR. DAVIS. ¦¦•¦:'.¦¦- -¦¦¦¦-¦
FIRST-CLASS finisher and operator on vests;
also apprentices. 528 ¦ Stevenson st. ¦ ; '
NEAT, reliable girl for general housework.
-1372 Masonic ave.. bet "Waller and Frederick.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at' Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 1096
"Valencia st. "• . ' . ¦• • • • .
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
"WANTED FOR NEW R. -R. WORK
Gang of , teamsters, Bakersfield $2
Free Fare ."....... Free Fare
Gang of teamsters, Ukiah $2
Gang of laborers, Ukiah .....$2
All for Cal. and N. W. R. R. Co. :
Free Fare. Free Fare
For . Chatsworth Park... Big Tunnel
100 tunnelmen .$2-$2 50
50 outside laborers around tunnel.. $175
..........For S..P. Co.'s Own Work..:
..Santa Barbara and Los Angeles Divisions..
Free Fare Free Fare
50 men for country sawmills; 60 tiemakers and
boltmakers; 50 woodchoppers, milkers, hay-
makers, farmers, choremen, German and
9 Scandinavian farms; man to ride horseback
and assist " milking, summer resort, $25 and
free fare; 10 blacksmiths; carriage painter,
$50; wheelwright, $50.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Third cook, waiter and dishwasher, springs
¦ hotel, fare advanced; first and second cook,
country hotel, $100; baker, $50 and fare paid;
2 waiters, no Sunday work, $10 week; oyster-
man, $45; 3 bread bakers, good wages; second
cook/ $43; 2 waiters, $30; potwasher, country
hotel; bellboy with references. $17 50; baker
and pastry cook for springs, $50; short-order
cooks, $12-$17 week; dishwashers, country
hotels, springs and city, $25-$30; night cook,
$60. . •.. ." .
C. R, HANSEJJ & CO ....104 Geary St.
BARBER for a first-class country, hotel; ele-
gant opportunity for first-class man. . For
, particulars apply . .-.--.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ......104 Geary st
MAN and wife as waiter and waitress, $50; see
party here at 9 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..104 Geary st.
AN engineer and machinist; one who can run
j alternating plant; steady work; $50 to $75- and
found a month; see boss here; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
...WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Free fare S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work
..Los Angeles and Santa: Barbara Division..
. 150 laborers, no experience required.. Free fare
FREE FARE... CHATSWORTH PARK
. 50 tunnelmen and laborers ...$1 75 to $2 50 day
Blacksmith Sawmill company
< 25 laborers, sawmills and woods... Fare paid
BIG WAGES MINES BIG WAGES
E laborers, large gold mine .$75
10 muckers, gold mine,. Nevada Co $2 50 day
Laborers for the mines, no experience
$50 and found
4 machine miners, gold mine $90
Furnace man, $65 ".Single-hand miners, $60
...:... MECHANICAL HELP :..
Harness-maker, ranch.. $40 and found
Woodturner and bandeawyer $3 day
2 carpenters; millwright; cutoff sawyer:
wheelwright, country shop; 12 blacksmiths
and helpers, ranches and country shops; wood
worker, camp
Blacksmith for ranch, . $40 to. $52 and found, see
boss here '....
MISCELLANEOUS
60 farmers and haymakers $30 and $35
25 milkers, city and country $30 and $35
3 butter-makers; 15 choremen and boys
choreman and wife, easy place....
6 laborers, ' factory ••••• $175 day
150 laborers, city and country.. $1 75 and $2 day
COOKS— BAKERS— WAITERS
50 cooks, city and country..... $40 to $80
B0 waiters, city and country: ....$25 to $40
Waiter and dishwasher, same mine... $25 _ $20
15 bakers, city and. country $40 to $80
Cook, small fruit ranch '..$30
....LAUNDRY HELP— KITCHEN HELP....
4 cooks.' small ranches; porters, bellboys, etc.
..CALL or SEND FOR OUR DAILY LISTS..
Containing thousands of jobs.
MURRAY & READY ...634-636 Clay st.
LAT/nDRYMAN to take charge of small coun-
try laundry, $50 and ' found : laundryman and
wife, - $60 and found ; washer and starcher,
country, $40 and found; Ironer, $30 and found,
' J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MAN to herd stock, -$30 and- found; sheep-
herder, $25; farmer and wife, $40; 6 farmers,
$25 and $30 and $1 50 day; 5 milkers, $30 and
$35; canmaker, $45: gardener. $30; man about
• place, $25; 2 choremen, $20 and $25; buggy
washer, $45; butter-maker, $40; German for
wine cellar, $1 25 day; 8 laborers for mill.
$26 and $30; laborers, quarrymen, miners,
carmen and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st . • •
COOK and wife for Institution, $60 and found;
3 bakers, country shops, $40, $50 and $60 and
found; fourth hand baker, $S week; boy to
learn baker's ' trade, $10 and found and in-
crease; 2 boys to wait on men, $20 and found;
waiters, dishwashers; man and wife, coun-
try hotel, $40 and found, and others.. J. F.
- CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento gt
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.; phone Bush 405
Carload of railroad laborers.. $1 75 to $2 25 day
FREE FARE... FREE FARE... FREE FARE
60 laborers $185 to $2 per day
5 men for rock crusher .$2 per day
6 laborers for stone quarry $2 per day
20 haymakers.... $125 to $2 per day
10 mill- and woodsmen Free fare
10 lumber pliers... $35 to $45 month and board
6 men to make pickets.. $6 per thousand
6 men to cut wood, 4 feet..: $1 25 per cord
1 more stonemason .$4 to $5 per day
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, K Montgomery, rm. 12.
Bellboys, $15 and $20; waiter, country, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment "927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 33; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 ; New Montgomery St.,
San Erancisco, Cal.' : . • '
WANT*ED— A young gentleman who Is an ex-
perienced stenographer and typewriter, for a
position In the country. Please write to S.
D. F., 177 Crocker bunding, this city.
WANTED— A good honest boy, 16 or 17, to take
, care of bicycles; board, lodging and wages.
P. ,H. PETERSON. San Rafael.
FIRST-CLASS custom shirt cutter: none but
first-class man need apply. 12 Telegraph ave.,
. Oakland, room 12; call at 7 or 8 p. m.
WANTED— Young man to do porter work in
saloon and learn business. Apply, after, 8 a.
m. at 46 East: St., city. *
EXPERIENCED, reliable .middle-aged man
for elevator only; regular hours. SMITHS'
Cash Store, 25 Market Bt. •
WANTED— First-class bread baker; good sal-
ary. DETJEN & MENGEL, 35 Market st.
WANTED— First-class' waiter;- good . salary.
DETJEN & MENQEL, 35 Market st.
GOOD coat, vest and. pants makers. DRADY
& O'DOWD. 4 Hayes st.
SCHOOL boy to carry evening papers. 315
. Grant ave., between iTand 9 a. m.
BOY for printing office; good chance to learn
trade. 109 California St., room 21.
WANTED — Strong boy to learn a trade.' Super-
intendent THOMAS DAT CO.. 725 Mission St.,
FOREMAN on bread and foreman on cake. 612
Kearny st. '
GOOD dishwasher. 416 Third st
WANTED — Union cook, sober and economical;
also dishwasher; closed Sundays. '690 Fourth.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission ht.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BOYS wanted, about 16 years of age. Cali-
fornia Barrel Co., Twenty-second and Illinois.
WANTED— Bread j -' bakers, confectioners and
• helpers. 127 Mason st. " •» . ..
ELEVATOR . boy wanted.' 29 Stockton st
BOOTBLACK wanted at Oak Barber Shop, "ill
Ellis St. ; . ¦ : . . ;•
WANTED— A j good steady barber. 353 Third
: i street. .' ¦ *¦. - % ':•':¦ '..¦•¦ . . '
WANTED— Two - boys .13 to 15 to . distribute
bills. DR. NAST, 1504 Market st.
GOOD tailor on coats ; steady work; good
wages. 135V4 Natoma st. • .
WANTED— An errand boy.. 927 ; Market St..
room 623.. - •. _ . ¦•-.*.'".
BARBER " shop ¦ wanted ¦ running •" two chairs;
.'.. northern part State. A. • Hoeptncr. 610 Post.
BARBERS— Good 2-cha!r 15c shop for $125 to-'
- day.: DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
SALESMEN 'wanted to sell oil stock In a
strong. company; liberal proposition." : Apply
-532 , Market: Bt. room 7. . . ' ¦ ,- .
UNDERPRESSERS on pants wanted by S. N.
: "WOOD & CO.. Apply at factory. 27: Geary »t.
.YOUNG man residing < home to learn liquor
..business.*-, Box: 4101,' Call office. .
HELP ' WANTED— MALE— Con.
• WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
; S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
i character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
• Office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade; we
teach the work In 2 months; donate complete
outfit of -tools; give Saturday wages; grant-
¦ diplomas and pay $15 weekly" when compe-
tent; the new barber law Increases demand
for our graduates; catalogue and particulars
free. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker:
steady ; employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO., Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Young man as stenographer and
' typewriter in mercantile 'house; must have
! experience; salary $30 per. month. Write age.
experience and references to box 3102. Call.
WANTED— Expert bookkeeper with grocery ex-
perience preferred for large mercantile com-
pany; state full record and reference. Ad-
dress box 41S7. Call office. . - ¦ ¦
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion, 127 Mason st., restaurant help of ail
kinds; male and female; register at once;
permanent positions; good pay^
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
. ¦ that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Shoefltters on dry and wax thread
machines. WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE
, CO., 26 Main st
WANTED— Able, experienced grocery salesmen
for large mercantile company; state full rec-
ord and references. Address box 4188. Call.
WANTED— Men to lay composition roofing;
quick nailers. Call Friday morning, 1168
Washington st, Oakland.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d gts.
WANTED— Hatroom boy. FOSTER'S Dancing
School. 1358 Market st. . --
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st -
10c SHOP for sale; $65; must be sold this week.
¦ . 109V4 Fifth et. ' )
WANTED— Card writer and sketch artist for
. advertising work. Address box 4194. Call.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for §ale cheap. 14
Turk st
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post St.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. .H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ '
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR SALE— One French coupe, one, slx-seater
with canopy top. one high trap, two or four
people; harness for each vehicle, all in best
of condition; will be sold at a great ad-
vantage as -owner is -going abroad. Callfor-
nla Stables. .1611 California st
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. . Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 1 team of hackney bred mares by
¦ Paragon. California Stables, 1611 Callfor-
nla st. i
GOOD business horse and new buggy for sale;
horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Office, 147
New Montgomery st
S. F. VETERINARY Colleg* will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
COW for sale. Apply 3476 Twenty-second st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GROCERS' wagon and top; nearly new; cheap.
1414 Pine st. . ,
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
| light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard st.
AN. A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^ran?TEr7_is?TiouserToTeTr^d^OT^ir^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FINE house: 10 rooms and bath: 769 McAllister
St.. near Gough; rent $G0. JOHN PFORR,
403 Pine st.
$8 — FINE house of 3 rooms freshly decorated,
with enameled sink and patent chimney; its
own toilet. 310 Clementina st. In the yard;
key 782 ¦ Folsom st.
$45.00—8 ROOMS; large finished basement; suit-
able for dressmaker: large yard. 1613 Bush.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A DESIRABLE furnished upper flat. 8 rooms;
near park. 734 Shrader st; Haight-st cars.
HOUSES AVAXTED.
MODERN B-room cottage, with stable: good
location: in Mission or Western Addition.
W. OTTO. 26 Mint ave. .
'SUBURBAN* HOUSES.
FOR rent— Furnished cottage; Santa Cruz
Mountains; 2Vi miles from Wrights; 5 r. and
bath; hot and cold water: porch 64x8 feet.
THOMAS. THOMPSON. Wrights, or 131 Beale.
HYP.\OTISM. ~
HYPNOTISM, suggestion, personal magnetism.'
etc.. privately. Geo. W. Burke. 618 G. G ave.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Wednesday nlcht, red morocco pocket-
book, containing oaDers and money. Kinder
can keep money, but kindly return papers to
A. T. VAN DT3 VANTER at Palace Hotel
office; no questions asked.
LOST— Thursday. Washington or Powell cars,
small gold watch. -E. B. on back; liberal re-
ward. Return 2129 Jackson st.
LOST— Gold watch, initials M. R., between
I Jackson, California, on Franklin; return and
receive reward. Room 32, Richelieu Hotel.
A SILK muffler (L. G.). Finder return to L.
GRUNDEL, 223 Kearnv st. ; reward. - . ,
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the'
i name of CATHERINE KELLY; No. 243-830.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary st,
either in car or on street, lady's brown purse,
containing $13 gold. Finder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office, Claus
fc'rreckels building. .
FOUND— Spitz doc; brown back. Owner can
have same by proving property, paying ex-
penses, at 411 Greenwich st. ; call at 7 o'clock
' p. m. .
Wanted— Old trold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
' MATRIMONIAL.
i GENTLEMEN wishing' to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
• ALL contemplating matrimony: send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason, st. .
: ~ MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
; male complaints relieved- by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
I helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dlf-
. 1 flcult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. aCONNELL, 1018 Market.
[ A' TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
Instant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
, relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult • free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market St.. next to Owl Drusr Ptore.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— No medicine or
, pills used; 37 years' experience; In all cases
saticf action guaranteed; cure in one day; call
on a physician with men's knowledge. DR.
i POPPER.' medical specialist, 12 Mason st
..near Market. . -\
I DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by- our wonderful ' herb remedy; a reliable.
. treatment, superior to any other: positive, cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can ra-
.. -turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1933 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
. avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free. ¦
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 20 yrs.'
successful practice;- guaranteed treatment at
. office; any= ailment; .home before and during
confinement. .942 Post, lwt Hyde and Larkln. '
1 MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist; best medical care; low fees.
MACHINERY — Boujrht, Sold and Ex.
: GASOLINE engines, second-hand and other
1 machinery bought and sold. EPSTEIN. 533
• Mission st. "'- ¦ • • ¦
r ASP traOLSTERY.^
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792; to
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned:
expert carpet cleanlns; strictly reliable.
• ¦'- HOPKE BROS.. 319-320 Eleventh at -
3IISCE__AXEOUS— FOR S.U_.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
- INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum. -new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1000
burglar-proof safe for $3S0 and a fine piano
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
I AM retiring from business: bargains In dia-
monds, watches, jewelry; goods at your own
prices; take your choice. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave. .
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
.TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Mpntgomy.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 ta Z> H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON.
553 Mission st. s
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bousrht.
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
618 Mission at.
HOUSE for sale, to be removed. 1S08 Gough
st; inquire on premises.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and aold. KROGH MFQ. CO.
SECOND-HAND fire and burglar safa at C. J.
PERIAM & CO.'S. 43 Main st.
WE pay biz prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 23 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD — BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st. _____
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. TH_
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCE__ANEOUS WAATS.
WANTED— 2 steam tugs, size from 65 to 75 feet
long; either will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugs, box 3618. Call office.
WANTED — To do painting In exchange tor
horse and wagon. 3381 Twenty-fifth st
GASOLINE engines and other machinery
bought and sold. EPSTEIN. 533 Mission st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 252?.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
MOSEY TO tOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopl* can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market s_. Loans on estates in probate,
¦undivided interests .in estates, second mort-
. gages, etc. «
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 1%: first 2d, and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get 'my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bidg.. 301 Jone3.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal r money
Quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without Indorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bid?.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81, 8 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif nla.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO., —1 Parrott building. ',
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2. ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NEW WHOLESALE PIANO HOUSE—THK
WILEY B. ALLEN CO. have opened up an
office at 933 Market St.. ground floor, with
plenty of warehouse facilities above, and
for the time being will do a strictly whole-
sale piano business. We want agents every-
where to represent the line of pianos which
1 we control for the entire coast— the Everett.
Steck. Packard Hardman. Ludwlg, Conover.
Klngsbury. Cable. Jewett. Harrington, and
others will be added to the list. Good. live. •
energetic "piano men" should apply to us
at once for territory and help build up a
most magnificent business. Our prices the
lowest— our terms the most liberal! THK
WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market st. San
Francisco.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $to 2 Chickerings (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $;no
(like new) $32r> 2 Helnes $315 uo
1 Stelnway S185 1 Hallet-Davls W«3
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Davls. indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50,000 In use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for S3, H and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
»ts., San Francisco; corner Broadway anil
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MAUZY- S. 3CS POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment:
can 'be put In any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano is mada.
Agent Sohmsr. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hani-
ilton. Spielmann pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tho
, customer. -
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. t
Sterling, $73. $123. $143. etc: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & RON. 18 ©"Farrell st.
Chickerlng-. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
; Apollo, king of self-players.
• AT WILSON'S Storage. 1708 Market st. an-
other lot of pianos put on sale; uprights. $3.",
: $€5. $100; also very small fine baby grand:
¦ great bargains, at auction prices.
• AN upright piano: must be sold; owner leaving.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
WILL pay cash for a good Stelnway or Knaba
.upright. Box 419L Call office.
FINE, high-grade .upright piano, sacrificed on
account of death. 219 Leavenworth st.
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
. one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
! HAVE sold 1 piano: have another excellent up-
right at big bargain. J. H. Kllgo. 846 Misalon.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
, ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st
¦ $3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st. .
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright _7
Geary st. room- S3. .
. A SMALL Chlckering upright. $125; 8 uprights,
second-handed ; your choice at $110. 217 Geary-
• $4S UPRIGHT. $125 Knabe. $135 Stelnway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory, 1723 Mission.TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; "FRIDAY, MAY 17, 1901.
13
MUSICAL INSTHCMEXTS Con.
FROM new until June I w will hay:: a gen-
uine carh clearance sale of pianox. Custom-
ers can gft the best bargains in the city
from us during this sale. Head our display
•¦«" in the Bulletin. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS. 7G9 Market St.. city.
BARGAINS— Clearance tale bargains; upright
pianos. $71 and upward; Steinway. Knab<%
BmenoB. Hartmaji an>J others; .equates $1C
u*>. HP.UEN'X. 2ftS Post ft.
AT WILSON" S Storage. J706 Market St.. you
can get etc-rage pianos almost for a song.
"k/^mi 1^^ 1 , 1 . he *old: nice upright piano.
-Jt^-Jm 1177 - ] * McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
violins, zithers. cM and new. H.
MtXLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
FOR rent-SM "HarrisoiT store and living
roms in complete order; partly furnished for
business or homes; rent $15. Apply at once
Su6 Harrison st.
TO rent or lease— Second floor. 620 Market Et
opposite Palace Hotel: AI business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
PUNNY private office or desk room; reason-
able. Apply room 727. Emma Spreckele bids.
LOFT. yx70. 109 Fremont st. Apply, at 105.
LIGHT, punr.y oflices 515 to $20. Emma Spreck-
•7s hotMlmr. «27 Market Kt.
OIL.
A SMALL block of stock in a sound, wide-
awake company, now drilling on 160 acres
in the cream of the Midway-Sunset oil belt;
has cash in bank and no treasury stock of-
fered for sale; this block made up from de-
linquent balances of original subscriptions;
price all right; a genuine snap; first appli-
cant gets It. Address Box 4113. Call office.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich: you cannot lose your money; stock
guaranteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certi-
fied to by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.;
s=<-nd for" rroppoctus. Pacific States Minins
and Investment Co., S25 Post st.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 1120 acre? of oil land in nine
districts. Office, tZ nnd 24 Merchants' Er.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale cr lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lan^J
cr wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA &¦ PETERSON, "fil Examiner buiidlne.
PAIXTEIIS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered,
SS up. Jensen & Bath. 30S Sixth; open even.
PALMISTHV.
H. JEROME~FOSsiELLr^cle^iunT^a7mistr^l5
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and post: tel. Black 561.
MME. GERMAIXE, the business palmist of the
Pacific Coapt. 900 Market ft:
Mre. L*.mb, scientific palmist and character read-
Ing: lessons- In class and private. M4 Ellis, r. 13.
PATEM'S AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO, P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
BEST on earth— Blood r.oison itchinc, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located CIS Montgomery «t.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
CHARLES M. HOERIDGE, left Radcllffe. nr
Manchester. England. 11 years ago; was ther
employed In Whlticher Bleach Works. Mount
Sierra. Any information would be gladlv re-
ceived by his mother. MRS. WM. SMITH, 6J
East Brooklyn ft.. North Adams, Mass.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
¦which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn cr red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCES C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair Js falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. P. MOORE. <8S Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation ssnt to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
AN authoress with an up-to-date, thrilling
novel, now in hands of publishers, well' adver-
tised, desires partnership with a gentleman
who would bear publishing expenses for per-
centage of profits; references. Box 3112, Call.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one Fide of face, the other made smooth and
vouthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis St.. San Fran.
CIGARETTE ard tobacco habit cured at
home; $0; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1SS9 Polk St.. San Francisco.
V WEEKLY— Suits to, order from genuine
S.~otch. Sl'> up; fine d>e.«s suits. £20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
5 r .c to $1M per night; fl CO to $8 per week;
. free '*>ue and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron Ixyl*. single, three-cuarter
or double, K 2r>. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1311 Stockton et., near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressing. hair work, man-
ic-jrlnp; private lessons or class. » MISS A V
IXiYLK. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
Bt.'RE cure for poison oak: guaranteed; will ef-
fect permanent cure in 5 or 6 days. J. J.
COSTA. Concord, Cal.
THIL— Come home; .everything all right.
GEORGE.
MRS. C. D B.— Call 1 p. m.. room 18, 112 Fourth
rt.: very important business.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
> ears' experience. J. D. . RAY. 3C7 Jessie gt.
COnSETMAKER and designer. Mme. J. A.
LeufT.berger, 247 Geary, opp. Union Square.
EPANISH lessens given by a native Spanish
teacher. S13 McAllister et.
TAILOR made Miit.s V 50; dress pants, $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dtinton; diseases of men only: sanitarium
65S Clay st.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
6PRIXCJ «vle» Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1C21 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2113 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD rold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
Umght. J. R. JEXKEL, S17 Market Et.
L« 1V 8 and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
gold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel.Folsom 1181.
TV'. F. MEAGHER. 131 Post, room 7, makes
ehoea that fit and v.-ear.
ALFHEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; II; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs-
country orderg. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.'
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed -with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: S5c; all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS.
Da C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st. between Birth and Seventh.
DR. WOSO HIM. berb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: ate
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICMC SUPPLIES.
°? nSLJTS y J^ P |cnle or *erry call on MOHXS
tc MOHNS. 2» Market St.. for finest wine* and
liquors; biggest house; open Sundays.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures hero In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 80
yean; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent at reference; no chloroform,
•ureery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address rhysl-
ctan. box »S0. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
iu:al cstatb — citv — Fon sale.
FOR sale— 3-rooxn house, lot and barn, 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B. WAGNER
ll")'hj Scott St.
FOIl rale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
C rooms and bath, In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
A. BALDASSI & CO., 2P6 Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair business with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod- .
era 10-room residence, 77S Cole st.; open dally.
IK you have Jots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. CUNN. 630 California st.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO residence for sale; the beautiful
home of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3 min-
utes walk of depot; large modern house of
20 rooms anl 2 baths; completely furnished:
private gas works; fine well; magnificent
\iew of bay; large grounds, under high cul-
tlvatlon. Apply S. G. HIXDES. 330 Market.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
JTO ACRES on mountains; small house barn,
furniture, tools; good grain and pasture land; '
beautiful place; exchange for lot in San .
ESj-nclsco or small. place In country. Box J
K7S. Call offlct. >
REAL ESTATE — COII.NTRY — For Sale
- WANTED— I want to sell or trade my ranch
of 12G acres; well Improved; my cash, i>rlce Is
>' $3X0, or I will trade for good farm' in Kar.-
V sas. For further descriptions and particulars
address J. D. EKEED, FisU P. O.. Sonoma
Co.. Cal.
* BUY in Napa County; no drought*, no irrisa-
'• lion, no failure of crops; write us for free
L copy "Xapa County Viticulturist.". The W.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
¦» MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate.~Agent. 719
Market st, by Call bids.— Free circulars de-
" scribing farms for sale all over fuis State.
- POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: rrrlte for
free list. C. R. WTNFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
I AliMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
- * °. R rent— Suite 2 rooms In Alameda. with
board: location central; surroundir.es best;
references exchanged. Box 4104. Call.
; BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i $2000-$100 DOWN, balance $20 per month; new
5 or 6 room cottage at Ashby station. Berke-
ley, porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs; high basement: fine mantel and gas
; %} u \r£\roVFJZ a *co™ dy t0 move ln "
i WHEELER ' T ract, adjoining the U. C.
CO maP- W - c - MORAN &
' $2 !?^L V A ?5^. ,r«oros on one of the best
fiStS \JS "new"; only 2 blocks to
| £^&. eH ff l £. C SfogS C^cb balanCe * 2 °
*1750— 6-ROOM house; good as new; lot 42x120-
1 block to train: SO-foot street; worth $2500-
™ UEt * e » on account of departure; $250 cash
balance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin
station and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
¦ A SNAP— Modern 5- room house; $250^ cash bal
ance $13 17 per month, principal and Interest-
> large lot; east from near station and school-
i connected with sewer. P. H. BLAKE Fruit-
. vale P. P.. East Fourteenth st.
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
; OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
. ?2:00— IN the heart of town; cozy, pretty cottage
home with bay-window, basement, stone
e walks and nice open lawn; only a block from
. Broadway; email payment down; inducement
for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
; 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$15 PER month— Total only $1000; cottage of 5
rooms: sunny side; handy to San Pablo ave.; |
walking distance of downtown: street and :
v.alks complete; a snap for a home or invest*
; ment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
__ IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
n -
- OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
e - -^.
r AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
e furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
d ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
* AUSTIN ave.. 102-Three nice housekeeping
n rooms for rent.
15 ELIZABETH. 12. near Guerrero— 5 sunny fur-
;• nished rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 sunny rooms: modern con-
, veniences; stove and bath; $12.
'• ELLIS, 633, cor. Larkln — Large sunny bay-win-,
'• dow; wooden mantel; use of ltltchen.
0 ______^ — — —
- FIFTH, 353— Two furnished housekeeping, $10;
also single rooms, $5 to $7.
1 FIFTH. 34S— Suite or rooms, furnished for !
a housekeeping; rent cheap. _ ..-
1 FOURTH. £5— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single.
r I IVY ave., 248, off Franklin— Furnished room for
- j lady or gent; light housekeeping or will board.
3 I
, LARKIN, 804—2 rooms for housekeeping, $10;
large front and back room. $8 and $10.
I I MARKET. 2482— 2 sunny houseKeeplng'1-Doms:
I bath; private family; adults only; $10. I
w j OAK, 119 — Large sunny front room; clean;
1 newly furnished for housekeeping; stove;
t closet; $9. >
' SUTTER. 824 — 1 nice sunny furnished alcove
room and housekeeping rooms.
I TWELFTH, 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
I keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions i
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. ]
r A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
I subscriptions has been established at 1096 i
" Valencia sL
r ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infurn. j
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.-Best $1 a
' day family hotel ln city; polite attendance; j
large rooms. 50c up; meals 2oc; free coach.
* A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S SIxtiwRoomT
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $j per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1360-Fur-
n'.shed rms., Eultes, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
| furnished sunny rcoms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 473— Large sunny room, nicely fur-
j nlshed; cheap for summer; gas, running
water, phone.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny et. —
Tel. Red 2324; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
' ELLIS, C97— Newly furnished sunny rooms, en
suite or single
FOLEOM. 820. near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
$1 per week.
I GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS. 24 Turk, near Market—
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new j
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call-
; bell Jn every room; elevator and full hotel
service; rates 73c per day and upward: ref.
HAMPTON place, 17, off Folsom, bet. Second
and Third— 4 eunny rooms and yard.
1 HOWARD. 728— Neat furnished room, $5 per
month; gas.
HOWARD, 1063— Nicely furnished rooms for 1
I or 2; electric lights, etc.; reasonable.
JESSIE. 262. rear Fifth— Furnished rooms. $5
and $6. '
KEARNY. 215— Four furnished rooms to let;
also two front windows to let MRS. E. M.
TOBIX. .
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $Z a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1«7V4— Nicely furnished back and
front parlor with double bed; rent f 10. •
METROPOLE. t Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nlshed rooms from EOc to $2 per day.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, ma
PINI!, 704— Furnished rooms; suitable for 1 or
2: ?6 p.nd $7.
ROSKDALE House. S19-321 Ellis at.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; opon night.
ROYAL House. 12J Ellls-Incandencent light:
reading-room, smoking-room nnd ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 85c to $1 60; week, $2 to
Ik; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ,¦ ¦
SIXTH. 2284-Neatly furnished single rooms
for men; $1 25 per week- up. *
BUTTER. 703, cor. Taylor (The San Reml)—
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or single.
THE Crocker. 915 Leaven worth— Fine sunny
roomr. single ind en «ult<; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 20* (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; board optional. Phone South 422.
UNION, 1134— Nice sunny furnished rooms; cars i
pass the door; reasonable..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. -
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
HOTHElToLIVER. Pine and Mason «ts.— First-
class family hotel; transients taken during
Presidential reception; rates $2 to $3 per day
with board. -^ Telephone Main ¦ 6310.
WANTED— An elderly lady to -board ln the
country: terms very reasonable. Address A.
L., Sonoma. Sonoma County, Cal.
PINE, 1006 <The Victor)— New management; j
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
A." FAMILY hotel, Wilmott. 728 Sutler— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.. ' .<
.HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutler— Newly,- turn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
t y AND BOARD.
I i VALENCIA-ST. HotelT'lS Valencia St., Mission
t warm belt— Good board; ftne rooms; reason-
able rates;' cars r»asn the door.
I HOTEL Las I'alma»."182O : :arket— Suites, '2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
• . hOOMS and board: prices reasonable. 41J
, First Ft., between Harrison and Bryant. .
• THEGAGE. 42S Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; board optional; references.
1 AJ' fumffifr rates: aurnctlve rooms; cpec.a.
table; wine dinners. S07 California st.
r HOO3IS WANTED. . .
: GENTLEMAN wants room in private house; 1
or 2 months. Box -S132, Call "office-. "
SPECIAL NOTICES.^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city <r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
, CO.. 413 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19; tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
| ; rented 52 mo. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 16.
• ALL kinds Ixmffht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
- ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired ; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 203 4th. .
\ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
. office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 72? Mission St.;
' tel. Main 1S40; Ehipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
i pany, 2320 Fillmcre St.; phone Jackson 281.
1 GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
. slon St.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TO LEASE.
LOVELY HOME. ""*"""' 7~~~ «~~~
To lease for a long term- to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
, Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, . plums, etc.; lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3841. Call office. r_
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^INS~i1Tttp1eWrTtERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ASSESS3IENT NOTICES.
UNION TRUST COMPANV^oTsa^TIFraricTsc^T
Location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, California.
, Notice la hereby given that at a regular
meeting of the directors held on the 2nd day
of May, 1901, a call or an assessment of One
Hundred Dollars ($100 00) per share waa
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
. tlon, payable Immediately to the secretary,
I. W. Hellmann Jr.. at the office of the cor-
poration. No. 2 Montgomery street, in the
eity and county of San Francisco. State of
California.
Any stock upon which this call or assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the 10th day of
June, 1901, will be delinquent and advertised
for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment Is made before, will be sold on the 26th
day of June, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m.. at the
office of the secretary of said corporation.
No. 2 Montgomery Btreet. in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
to pay the delinquent call or assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses .
of sale. May 2nd, 1901.
I. W. HELLMAN JR..
Secretary of Union Trust Company of San
Francisco.
No -^ 2 .. Mot >t«omery Street, San Francisco,
California.
May 2nd. 1901.
To the Stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco: Referring to the
above notiee. we desire to Inform you that
the business of -this company has grown so
large that we deem It expedient to have a
paid up capital stock of One Million Dollars
(tl.OCO.OOO). At the present time the paid up
capital stock is Seven Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($7£0.000 CO). The board of
directors, at a meeting held May 2nd. 1901, by
a unanimous vote resolved to transfer One
Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Dollars
($125,000 00) out of the surplus fund to capital
stock. The call, of which the above Is a
notice, will also credit capital stock with an
additional One Hundred and Twenty-five
Thousand Dollars ({125.000 CO), thus giving
the comoany One Million Dollars (J1.000,-
000 00) paid up capital. By order of the board
ot directors. . .
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
DISSOLUTION OF "PARTNERSHIP..
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership— Notice
is hereby given that the hereto-
fore existing between the undersigned has
this day been dissolved by mutual consent,
and the business will hereafter be carried on
by the KRIEG TANNING COMPANY. All
bills against the firm of RUSSELL & Mc-
KAY will be honored on presentation at the
office, 37 Steven6on St.. San Francisco.
JAMES R.- RUSSELL,.
WILLIAM McKAY.
Dated May 15. 190L
j DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 91 (twenty
i cents per share) of the Hutchison Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
! office of the company. 827 Market St.. on and
• after Monday. May 20, 1901. Transfer books
clos<r on Wednesday, May 15. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. II. SHELDON, Sec.
I ' -*"* 1 — — *"— "—¦- — »~— ~~
| \ PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office" of. "the Chief En-
elneer. Division of the Philippines, Manila.
P. 'I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
bo received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August L 1901. and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold
One contract will be made for the whole
• work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of tho amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington. D. C.:vUnlted
States Engineer Offices at New York Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE
Captain, Engineers.
I MABRIAGKE LICENSES
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
o', A i n^ n ! 0 c^ m DB.znio, 40. 6 Varennes street,
and Maria Crampra, 20. 17 Varennes street
t .Ti 1 ? 0 "^ 8 J ™ WheIan> 2Sl 112 Mason street, and
Lillle M. Boyle. 17. 148 Fifth street.
r- i 1i P ii M £ 52*. Red Blu «. and Emma
.Col well, 34, Reddln".
lav°a h G A Tusun b^4 rat cit h y 32> CUy> &Ild StaaiS "
GSce'L^Sb? Vilg? FUUOn ' tree . t - ""
Jacques St. Germes, 46, South San Francisco,
and Eugenie C. St. Germes, 35, South San
rranclsco.
M^flo?^ 4% G 1 ea r y G s?r?et 8treet ' »*
cffiS^ra'Slv."' Berkeley> and Marie
Frank Kruse, 30, 617 Broadway, and Petra
B. Quesada, 49, 617 Broadway.
v T a h n n k m W * 1 ?"!,' 30> San j08e - and 'Clara
I\ Thomas, 26, Madrone. t
Harry Rees. 24, 3O9B Stelner street, and
Agnes E. Wetmore, 20. 915 Guerrero street.
BmTHS^ARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
tnul will not be inserted. They must be handed
n at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with tho name find residenco of per-
sons authorized to have the same published^
. BORN.
GIRAVtDIN-In this city. May 7, 1901, to the
wife of Manuel H. Girardin, a daughter
MelLVAINE— In this city, May 18, 1001 to
tho wife of W. K. Mcllvalne, a daughter. f
. married! *
BRUNS-WILLIAMS-In this - city, May IS
. 1601. by the Rev. 8. D. Hutsinpiller, John
Conrad nrun» and Mary Minnie Williams,
both of Ban Francisco. . V"~".
CATANEO— ADAMSON-In this city, May 14
1901. by. the Rev. ,E, F. Dinsmore. Danlei
Cataneo of, Porterville and Agnes Adamson
of nan r rancis:o.
GOSS— BERItYMAN— In this city. May 15 1901
by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Ransom
Gardner Goss of Palermo. Cal., and Dorothv
J. Berryman of Eureka, Nev.
died" r ~~
Bassler, ¦ Elizabeth Leach, Gertrude E ¦
Carr, John J. Loew, Aaron '
Casey, Joseph A. Lynch, Katherln<»
Curran. Catherine ¦ Maland, John P *
Daly. James J. Moore, Phoebe R.
Dilworth, Mary J. Peirce. Sarah A.
Duncan, Julia A. Qulnn, John
Fay. Peter Rithet. Eiward P.
Foelmer, Jos ej.h Robertsen,' John M
Hamilton. Matilda Rowe. William A '
Henrloulle. Toils J. Schwab, , Charles F O
Higgins, Bridget Strong, Elizabeth B '
Jacobs, Simon L. Tulte, Patrick
Jepsen, John H. Ward, Maude E.
Kelly, John . White, Patrick
Kelly, Luke Wiley, Charles
Larrison. W. C. Zachrlseon. , MarK A.
BASSLER— In this city. May' 15. 1901,' Eliza-
beth Basster. a native of . Germany, aged 74
years- 9 months and 13 days. - .'
CARR— In this city. May 15, 1901, John J.;' be-
loved son of Mary Carr, and brother of Mrs.'
Frank Kelly. Mrs. M. . Drlscoll, Mrs. Katie
Falla, Patrick and Peter, Carr and. the late
Cornelius and Michael .' Carr, ¦ a native of
.County Donegal, Ireland, aged 40 years.
(t^TKriends and acquaintances are n-rspect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Friday), at 9:?0 o'clock. ¦ from his late, resi-
dence, ' 23SVV Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a ¦ solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. 1 Interment
. Holy Cros3 Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CASEY— In this city*. May 14. . 1901." Joseph A.,
beloved husband of Amanda Casey, father of
Roy-AV., Jcssph E., GeorgeC. and Willis A.
Casey, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. William
Casey, and brother of Nellie.' Annie and Wil-
liam Casey, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 29 years. . (New Hampshire and Chicago
papers • please copy.) \ : - - ; •
C7" Fri ends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral" this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2762 Twenty-fourth street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, Alabama street, where a
requiem high mass. will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing. at 10. o'clock.
" Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIONEER Council No. 1, Young Men's Insti-
tute — The members ' of this - council will as-
semble at the late residence of our deceased
brother, J. A. Casey, at the hour fixed In
regular notice to attend the funeral. Fines
\ for non-attendance. • " '. ¦ - ', .
•>. • . • j. J. MCCARTHY. President.
..GEORGE ROSS, Secretary.
CURRAN— In this city. May 16, 1901. Catherine
Curran, beloved mother of Mabel and Horace
Curran, a native of Ottawa, 111.
G7"Notice of funeral hereafter. . .
DALY— In this city, May 15, 1901. James J..
beloved husband of Mamie Daly, father of
Johnny and Ellen Daly, son of Thomas and
Mary Daly, and brother of Minnie F., John
E., Alice and Thomas ' D.' Daly, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 9 months and
17 days. A member of Golden Gate Camp
No. 64, Woodmen of the World. . : ¦ ... .-
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 7:45 o'clock, from the parlors. of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission : street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for j the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DILWORTH— In this city, May 16. 1901, Mary
. Jane, wife of the' late Andrew Dilworth.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 701 Webster street, /corner Grove.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,/ by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth -and . Guerrero
streets. . ¦ . -
DUNCAN— In this city. May 15, 1901. Julia A.
¦ Duncan, beloved mother, of •• William B. and
Amelia Duncan, a native of Wellsburg, Va.,
aged. SO years 7 montbi and 25. days. (Cin-
cinnati papers please copy.) . -. '¦*.
-' E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock,' from the parlors of
James McMenomey & 'Son, 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postofflce. Interment
private. Masonic Cemetery.- ,
FAY— In this city. May 16. 1901, Peter, dearly
beloved husband of the late Mary A. Fay,
a native of Dunlaven, County Wicklow, Ire-
land, aged 75 years.
ffjTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re«l-
dence, 1130 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a solemn requiem
hieh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car *rom Fourteenth and Mission
streets. Kindly omit flowers.
FOELMER— In the City and County Hospital,
May 15, 1901, Joseph Foelmer, a native of
Germany, azed 40 years. ¦ ,
HAMILTON— F/ntered . into rest, May 15. 1901,
Matilda M. Hamilton, wife of Joseph Hamil-
ton, and mother of Samuel J., ' John, C,
James S. and Joseph S. , Hamilton, Mrs. J.
N. Holmes, Mrs. S. J. Lashb^ooke and Mrs.
L. A. Mesmer, a native of Ireland, ased'73
years 11 months and 5 days..
(CTFrlends tire respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services. this day (Friday),
at U o'clock, at-her late residence.. 421 Bry-
ant street. Interment strictly private. •
HENRIOULLE-rDrowned in Alvarado Marsh,
May 11, 1901, Louis Joseph Henrloulle, dearly
beloved son of John B. and Mary A., Henrl-
oulle, gloved brother of Elizabeth Henrl-
oulle, and nephew of Gustave Gregoire and
Joseph Henrloulle and Mrs. K. Baccus, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 13 years 3
months and 13 days. (Chicago papers please
copy.)
E7" Friends artd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to Notre Dame des Victoires
Church, Bush street, between Grant avenue
and Stockton street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock. In-,
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HIGGINS-In this city, May, 15, 1901, Bridget,
beloved wife of John Hlggins, and sister-in-
law of Mrs. Kliza Troy, a native of County
Longford. Ireland, aged 75 years. »
JACOBS— In this city. May 14, 1901, Simon L.,
beloved husband of Esther Jacobs, falher of
Edith and Lloyd Jacobs, brother of Mrs. J.
Charles, Julius. Sam and Joseph Jacobs and
Mrs. E. Hartzfeld of New York, a native of
Prussia, aged 54 years 9 months and 3 days.
A member of James A. Garneld Post No. 34.
G. A. R._ . . •_. -. ¦: • A
' (L7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock." from his late resi-
dence, 145C Franklin street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
JEPSEN— In this city. May 16, 1901, John Han-
sen Jensen, dearly beloved husband of Julia
' Jepsen, and father. of Otto A. and Frances
M. Jensen, a native j of Alsace. Germany,
aj-ed 35 years and 5 months.
KELLY— In Oakland, May 16. 1901, John Kelly,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Kelly, and
father of Elizabeth, John. James and Philip
Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 57 years.
KELLY— In this city. May 15, 1901. Luke, be-
i loved husband, of the late Hanora Kelly, a
native of the parish of Ahascragh, County
Galway, Ireland, aged 87 years. . '
C^7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his nephew, Martin J. Touhey. 357% Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, whero
a Kolemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Crcs3 Cemetery.
LARRISON— In Port Costa, May 16, 1901, W.
C. Larrlson, late of Oakland. - ;
I£7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
LEACH— In Nome, Alaska, February 6, 1901,
Gertrude E., wife of Coe Leach, and daugh-
. ter of Mrs. Margaret Edgar, a native of
Oakland, Cal., aged 22 years and 9 months. \
LOEW— In this city, May 16, 1901, Aaron, be-
loved husband of Dora Loew, -and father of
Mrs. M. Cohn and Ernestine and Leah Loew,
a native of Carlsnihe, Germany, aged 64
yeari? 9 months and 22 days. .
LYNCH— In this city, May 15, 1901, Katherlne
Lynch, beloved sister of Mrs. S. O'Neill, a
native of the parish of Killcommon, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 34 years and 10 months.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invfted to attend the funeral this day
f Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
' of -his «l«ter, Mrs. S. O'Neill. 138V4 Silver
' street thence to St. Rose' a Church for ser-
. vices at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery.
MALAND— In this city. May 16. 1901, John
Peter Maland, beloved ! husband of ¦ Emma
Maland (nee Wldlund), aged 30 years.
'MOORE— In this city, May 16, 1901, passed to a
higher life, Phoebe R., beloved wife of John
A Moore, mother of Harry P. Moore, and
sister of Augusta L. French of San Fran-
- elaco Mrs. S. D. Jones of Bangor, Me., and
Benjamin C. Woodbury. M. D.. of Patten,
Me., a native of Buckfield, Me.
iryFuneral services will take place to-mor-
row (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 51S Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment private. In Cypress Lewn Cemetery, by
carriage, please omit flowers. ,.- v
PEIRCE-In this city, May 15, 1901. Sarah A.,
wife of the late Joseph -Pelrec, and mother
of Mr« A. C. Dletz and Joseph Warren
Peirce a native of Maine, aged 82 years. -
trrFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the "funeral this day (Friday), at 11:30
o'clock? from her late residence, , B02 Geary
street.. Interment private.
OUINN— In this city. May 16, 1901, John,
rfearlv beloved husband of Willlamina Qulnn,
«nd father of - Minnie, Victoria and John
Qumnf M". H. J. Hughes and Mrs. George
"fcyiSteraent private. Positively no flow-
RITHET— in this city. May 14, 1901, Edward
Pausrton "beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. R.
P Rithet, a native of Victoria. B. C, agod
"o" years 4 month? and 10 dayi.
tt, irV Funeral on Monday next, at 10 o'clock,
at the residence, 3348 Clay street. -
ROBERTSEN— In this city. May 15, 1901. John
M. Robertsen, aged 74 years.
ROWK— In this city. May, 16, 1901, William
Albert dearly beloved «ton of Mr. and Mrs.
Jamei i'ltowe, and brother of Louise Rowe. a
native of San Franilsco, aged 6 months and
10 days.
KPTTWAB— In Oakland, May 15, 1901, Charles
Fredr OBcar, beloved son of Peter and Ade-
lll Bchwab and brother of William R.
Schwab \nd M». Henry Muller of Sacra-
mento, a native of Sacramento, aged 31 yean
10 months and 10 days. •
nrrFrlends and acquaintance* -ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Paturday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence T 1723 Fourteenth street. Oakland,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN. • Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth nt., opposite Lincoln Ccl.ool. •
Telephone South 80. -"
McAVOr^b CO., . I
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St.. between 8th and »th-- -I
-,- . . Telephone South 247. - ¦ |
I"^uiB^e™MTGT!nn^^^^~~MclSlN7r«aoS^
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. •
.' 31 EDDY, STREET.
Telephone South 252. • • San Francisco. '
No Connection With Any Other Home, r '
' SAN. FRANCISCO May 6. ; 1901^- This is" to" e'er^
tlfy that CHARLES H. JACOB has this day,
in Department 'Ten of the Superior Court of
the City, and County, of San Francisco, Cal. - t
¦ . changed his name to CHARLES ¦ H. : J. TRU-
MAN. Signed:. CHAS. < H.-= J. TRUMAN.
f emn reauiem mass ' will be celebrated, com-
mencing at- 9 .o'clock. . Interment private.
St. Mary's Cemetery. .'
U STRONG-r-In' this. city. May 16, 1901; Elizabeth
B.,. widow of the late G. W. Strong, and be-
• . loved mother of Mi«. Ed Daley, i Frances E.
1 Strong, Mrs. Joseph Boardman and Mrs. V.
J Bellman Jr., a native of Auburn, N. Y.,-
sred 65 years.; • ¦ : ,
TL'ITE— In this city. May 14, 1901, Patrick
• - Tuite. a native of Ireland, . aged 81 years.- .
1 v IHTFriends and acquaintances are reapect-
• fully- invited to attend the' funeral this day
1 -at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
• 'Julius S. Godeau. S05 Montgomery avenue. '
! WARD-^-In this city. May 16, 1901. Maude Eve-
lyn, beloved child of Harry B. and Maude
' L. Ward. . a native of California, ased 5
' ¦ months and 29 days."
WHITE— In . this eity. May 16, 1901, Patrick
j White, beloved brother of Mrs. Catherine
, O'Brien,. Mrs. John Roc.he and Michael
, White, and uncle of Mrs. Thomas Traynor,
' Mrs. J. Healey, Mrs. J. C. Castle and Han-
' :' nah - O'Brien, a native ' of the parish of
Ahane, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 61
years.'
I WILEY— In this city. May 16, -J901, Charles.
J beloved husband of Mary. Wiley, a native of
, Boston, Mass., aged 73 years 2 months and
28 days. ".-. :.
ZACHRISSON— In this city. May 14, 1901, Mary
: Annie, beloved wife of CO. Zachrisson. a
, native of Ireland. " • ¦ .
; (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
v (Friday), at ¦ 8:30 o'clock, from her late
• residence, 59 1111 - Shotwell street. 5 between
• Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, -thence to St.
[ Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem \
1 mass will be celebrated for the repose of her i
1 Boul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
: Holy Cross Cemetery. .- .
• CARD /OF THANKS.
' KAUFMANN— To the~ many friends and ac-
', quaintances, and also the officers and mem-
. bers of the Norddeutscher Verein, who gave
"so nmnss evidences • of their heartfelt and
comforting ¦ sympathy during ¦ our late be-
reavement of loving -husband and brother,
Carl Frledrich Wilhelm Kaufmann, we de-
sire to return our sincere thanks.
MRS. SUSIE KAUFMANN,
.FRED KAUFMANN.
' AUGUST W. KAUFMANN.
WYKES SAYS THE SCALES
E1TBICHED HIS EMPLOYERS
Claims C. E. Whitney. & Co. Owe
Him for Operating Scheme to
Defraud Consignors.
"William T. Wykcs' 'defense to the charge
; of embezzlement preferred against him by
; the firm of C. ' E. . Whitney & Co. is that
; instead of owing the firm $329, which they
allege he embezzled, he claims they owe
him $1600. He avers' the greater portion
of this sum wa3 earned by' him under the
terms of an agreement with the firm by
which be was to defraud consignors by
' deducting 1 from the actual weight of con-
signments of hogs,, etc. -Ten per cent of
the profits . derived from the operation of
; t'lis scheme, Wykes claims, was to be his.
Wykes made these assertions in his own
i defense be'Jore Judge Dunne yesterday.
. When consignments of hogs were re-
ceived, he said, he operated a lift on his
i scales and every time- they tipped the firm
was the winner by 400 or 500 pounds.
Though counsel for the prosecution ob-
jected to this line of testimony Wykes re-
tused to discontinue until after he had
stated that the firm was not only aware
of the-frnud which was^eing practiced,
but wus "kicking" because the daily "11ft-
iriR" was not greater.
The balance of .the $1600 due him. Wykea
says, wus In the nature of commissions on
the monthiy oale of hams. Wykes will be
cross-examined to-day and it is expected
that ilie case will reach the jury to-mor-
row afternoon. •
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific . Coast .Steamship Co.
• FftR
r GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
'. ¦Will Sail "
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company" • New
- ¦ ¦ and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The -Senator -made five 'trips' to Nome la*t
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay. \
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street.
WILD GOOSE MINING. AND TRAD- g|
ING COMPANY. . £J \
' Passenger and Freight Steamer gj *
CHAS. D. LANE. |
TELLER, GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR-' I
. ENCE, ETC. m
SAILS JUNE 1. B
Superior First and Second Class Pas- m
eenger Accommodations. M
50 Tons Cold Storage Capacity. M
This company owns the most success- Qfl
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring fid
safe discharge of all freight; also ovrna H
.and operates the. Wild Goo»e Ry. . ' Q
Heavy Machinery, Barges, Etc., Taken. H
CHAS. COXKLIN & CO.. 667 Markot St. DQ
NOHTDERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
NOME, ST/ MICHAEL
And All Points on Yukon River.
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From Ban Francisco. From Seattle. '
May 25 S. 8. "PORTLAND
Junel......:..S. S. "ST. PAUL" ."...June 8
May 25 »S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries ' freight and live
stock. No passengers. :*..-,.. '
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY. .
, ;;-'-. .310 Sansoma st.y San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LKAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for |
India, etc No cargo - received on board on
day of sailing.
BS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June 22, 1901
S9. NIPPON MARU..Wednesday. July 17, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office, I
421 Market street, corner First.
. ¦ W. H. ¦¦ AVERY. General Agent.
Ai>Aftnl4>C C PA HAWAII, SAMOA, DEVI
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only).. ' ',
Saturday May 18,10 a. m. .
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
-New Zealand and Australia
.'-. ¦ V Thursday, May 30, 10 a. m.
BS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
....Sunday, June 30, at 4 p. m.
I D.SPBECKELS & BROS; CO., 8ineral Aunts. 327 Market St '
Ben'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Phr Ha. 7, Pacifb St !
TO SEATTLE;
NORTH ; AMERICAN TRANSPORTATION -
AND TRADING CO.'S ELEGANT STEEL ,
S. Si : ROANOKE \\- ;
SAILS FROM SAN FRANCISCO MAY 18TH.' '
FARE TO SEATTLE: ' '
First class, $12. . Second class, $7. ' <
¦ For tickets and- freight .rates apply .
X'i-r-f; • UNION. TICKET OFFICE, C; . 1
' ¦ • 630 Market street.- , ,
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO; ;
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso,"- stopping at ? Mexican, , Central
and South. American ports.- Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf, ¦ 12 m. .•¦ - ' ,/."•
GUATEMALA .May 17 LOA ....: .'.'.. :'.:June 12 ,
PALENA .May 30 TUCAPEL .....June 27
1 , These steamers are , built ' expressly for Cen- j
tral ? and : South >¦ American^ passenger service! i
(No change. at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight i
and ' passenger office.- 316 California street. - i
/, BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., , Gen; Agents. ';
OCEAN TBAVEL
.Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦^ • . ' . Steamers leave • Broadway
fcfc. .. t Wharf, San Francisco:
KH-ji- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
MpJ&tov May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 2S. 31.
BKji*fSj33^B*k June 5. Change to company's
' C^ CS*3\*^ steamers at Seattle.
ENS&SgTa For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
• M^W^^I r) - Fort Townsend, Seattle.
i £^ MI 'lHEiagai Tacoma,- - Everett, - Anacortes
. and New AVhatcom (Wash,)—
. 11 a. m.. May. 1. 6, 11, 16, 21,
'S 31 June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka- and - Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. rn..
May 3 8, 13. *18, 23, 23. June 2 (*4 p. m.), ana
every fifth day thereafter. • -¦ _ ¦ " '
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles—Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 3 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro 'Newport («Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose, del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. Lr Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. .
For further Information obtain company s
folders. • .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without ' nrevious notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New- Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
o, /?. & /v.co.
Only StoaixxBlaJL-p Idno to ,
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail L»-"b from Portland to nil
points East. Through tickets to all
points. hV "nV »-r «:te»"n«*'«'» *"»d rail, at
IiOTITEST OEt-flk-TaSSI.
STEAMER TICKETS IKCLUDS BEETS and KEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA.... Sails May 23, June 2, 12, 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
..; .....Sails May IS. 28. June 7. 17..27
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
AMERICAN LINE. I
1ISW yO~K. SOUTH 'MPTON. tCDOIf. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul... :...:..May 29 St. Loul#........June 26
St. Louis June 5 St. Paul July 10
St. Paul ...June 19 St. Louis July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington May 291 Southwark ......June 19
Zeeland .."... . . . .June 5 Vaderland June 26
Friesland .......June 12 1 Kensington July 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R, R. f^" M "
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 91OS; Steerage, $40.
5. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
6. S. Argyll sails Monday, dune 24
6» S. Lee anaw itniln Mondty, July fo
From Fremont -street Wh.irf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COKPAGNIE GENERALS TRAXSATLANTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - A »_
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <3*5^H»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, ~-lc«Sa»
North Itlver. foot of Morton street. First class
to' Havre, {55 and upward. Second class to
Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. J2
Broadway (Hudson building). New York; J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Paclflo Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
romery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Atrents. ' . - .-
SAY^ AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
M U. S. NAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
\ . Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUES./ WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
%t 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
da" night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office. Mi«-
slon-st Dock. Pier No. 1 Telephone Main IMS.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:29 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford , 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:08 a
i " Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4-45 a
" Tularo ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . «:£0p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41 a 7:30 a
'"Chicago 2:15 p | 9:00 p
a for mornlr.tr. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train In the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlninz
Cars through-to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets aro honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:5." p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
in* train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclinlne Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fre/no. Corre-
. cpondlng train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Pakersfleld Local, stonplng
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦
Wabash
Tourist Cars
Lv. Chicago. .11 a. m.. Mondays and Thursdays.
Arr. Boston.. .5:20 p. in.. Tuesdays and Fridays.
Arr. New York..S:30 p. m., Tuesdays & Fridays.
You can use Santa Fe, Rock Island, Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. Tourist cars. Inquire of your agent
for particulars. -" r
• ROSS C. CLINE, P. C. P. Agt..
. Los Angeles, CaL
C. S. CRANE, G. P. Agt..
• St. Louis, Mo. ' ",'-.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
:> ;\ ¦ via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45, *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •6:15. «:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »9:0O, »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m>, 12:45. 'l^O, 2:30, »3: 45. 5:00, 8:00, 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. . •
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM RAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. .7:47. 8:33. .10:13
a. -m.. «12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *3:2S. 4:40. B:SO p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
8UNDAYS-<:15. •8:00. 9:43. »11:00 a. m.. *I3
m.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:80. 4:!0, 'SMS, 6:43. 7:30, 10:10
p. m. . - •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45, 7:83. 8:53, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:43. 8:S0. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
" EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. lOtfS. 11:10 a. m.. tt:15,
1:20 2:30, 3:45, 6:00. (1:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
1 THROUGH TRAINS.
' 6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. " ¦- - . ' - -
?:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.- ,. » | inir1|W»w<1i>« l a.TfrM|iilii
5:15 p m. week days ¦ (Saturdays ¦ excepted) —
Tomalea and way stations. .
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00. .a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. • ' . .
V^T^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, .
Mt^rnJtk 629 KEABNT ST. Established
jVpnPfuAlit 1834 for the treatment of JTivute
o*L»Jafc--JSSr • Dis *' ases > l<*> s t Manhood. TJebillty or
ffiE&SCgJjfjjsvlist'as? M-earingron body and mind and
wJiCB3|i«*«j Skin Diseases. TheDoctorcureswhen
fall. Try him. Charges low.
fe^SJSHEHfK'ure* caarnntred. ' Call or write.
Dr. JT. *\ «IBBO>', «au Francisco, CaL
BAU/WAY TRAVEL
ifg" 1 miji mnii Un¥Jiff 1B!BIBBazaMasBP^-
¥ Jf»t » MUe belter |j
1 than ant other trait* •
P —a little tetter service— g
a a more homelike
H feeling on the i
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
ta than ycu find elsewhere, H
E and it runs like this y
U LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
9 an Men Tues Wad Thur Fri Sit Sun §
ARRIVES CHICAGO 9
2.15 9<n Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed S
K 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO B
! OW THE • p
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Xmlas Irmr nml are «!¦(•> to atrrlv* •»*
NAN }'ll.t.1i:i!«l O.
'J. (Main line, Foot of Market Street)
wave — From Mat 5, 1301. — arriti
?:3Oa Benid*, Suiauu, Elmira. V»c»Till9,
Kumaeyand s»orain-nto — 7:33]
7:30 a DftTls, Woodland. Knights lai-ding,
A'armiHe, Orotllle.. ?:34l
?:3O a Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogdeu and Kut 12:23]
7:30a. Port costs, Martinez, Fresno, Han-
ford. VijaiU. PortertlUe 4139]
S:O»a M artlnex, Sau IUiikid, Vallejo. Kapa,
Caiixtoea aud Sauta Uom ttiSSl
8:00a XUes, Ploaaanton, LiTennorc-, Stock •
ton. i'resno, Hanford. Visaliit,
Porterrills ?:*3]
8:8t>A Shasta Expre3»-I>aru!, Will! ms(for
Bartlett SpringsX Wllltws, Ked
Bluff. FortUudT.. ... 7:33|
• ilto* .s.tn Jut«, Utermore, MtouUton,
lone, Sacraiuruto, Fla:ui«Ule.
~- MurysfHK Chico, H..1 IS irt -t:33f
8<30a Oakoalr. Chlucso (TcsooiUe), 8o-
nora. Carteri.... -1:23]
ViOOa Hayvards. Nilra *iid W.»r Stations. I IsfiOj
V:UUa Los Angaks Kxyreaa — Martinez.
Tracy, Latlirrp, s uomIou, Mereed
Fresno »ml Lc» Ajusles 7sSS]
»-.;nn Vallt-jii. Martius4 anil War Station! l»:53f
I UtUUA Th« UrerUud Mmited-Ogdeo, Dea-
• - rer, Omaha. Chicago 0:*3i
tI:»<>pSacrum»iitw HWer Mie«n.or!i (3iO4«4
a:3i»r Haywardd, Nlir* and Way HUtlona. 7i33f
•Ituitr lleulda. ¦ Winters, Sacrauiento,
n'ooillaud, KnifliU JAUdlug,
MnrriTille^ OroTlll l«:03|
4t«»r Martin*/, Hau IUiuimi. Valieio.
Nn|w«. t.VliHtoK*. M»iitn lto«* nrJ.1i
4:O0p Nllea, LWermora. Stockton. Lcxll... I»>S34
4ia»f Hiyw»rds. Nile* Han.liwe, Livirmora tS>»S4
SittOr Tho Owl Utnltod-Traer. Stocktoo.
I'rosuo. nitkersUeM. Hsugua fur
8anta titrbara, LoaAiiKoltat 3:334
JsOOp Kaw Orleans Expr«<»— Btk«rin«ld.
Lo« ADEele*. D rutuj, El Faso.
New Oileana and East "SiitSt
SiO'ir Yoseaitu 7:33j
«i«iop Ha/waidH, Nllea »ud«au Jute 7i3»i
tetoop Vafi«ji iiiaa*
OiUUp Oriental Mall— Ogcleu. Oh«>«nne.
Oiaaha. Chicago 13>3.?i
QiOOp Oriental Mill— Ogrten. DeuTer.
Omaha. Chloajro. -t:«3l
7i00p Oregon ami Uallfornla Ki|ir«ua,Nao-
riuiioiit.i, Murymlllo, Ketliliiig,
!•<»¦ UhihI, Vntel MomihI anil KjuI Ss^Si
SiO.ir Ban Pablo. Purl i.'oata. Mtrtiaes
and Way ttUtloua 11>.V»«
{8«03p ValH" «¦ 7^>1
COAST LINE (.Nnrrotr Uau K r).
(Foot ot Market .Street.)
t'll-tA Santa Cruz Excurs'oa lo .-4antaCl<u
and Prino p*l Way Sutl^ns l«io-ii
Si I 3a He»iirk.Oiiluriillii,.Sa>i.liMK9,|i'rltnii,
UouMvrCii.-ek.riaiiUCriuaiiil Wny
.SUtioim 3.3«|
ta«l.1p Newark. Centarvllle. Sau Jom. Now
Almadeu, Fulton. I'.cmUtxr 4. 'reek,
Santa Cxuz autl l'rlueipal Way
SUtiont t I««3«U
4>13p Newark. Sail Jose. Lo« Gato» { jiSllo!
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsasiH ra»Kcisco— r«»t »f nir^.t simKsiiii »>—
n:13 0:00 11:00a.*. 1:C3 3:C0 6:15r.«,
! ttawOlUMd— Nil»IBrt«J»«j.— 1«.00 ta:OU t3.-0l
[ 1U:OO».M. 12:03 - 2:C3 t:03r.M. J
COAST LINE (Kroail <lan B (t).
(Third and Townsemi SU.}
fi: I oa San Joaetcd Way .station s. M>:ii»r
?7:«IOa. Hail Josa mill Way HtnUoim ' ¦>»¦•(<
t7ts«A Sunday Kxcrmfoa for San J< it.
SaaU Crnr. P.ciflo Groro and
1 Principal Way SUtlom» '.IjSO*
f it*A Han Jddo. Tres Pinna. Huuta Cruz,
.Paeiiic (iri)f«, balinaa. Ban l.uij
Obispo ami Pilncip»I iiitsrsedUta •
HiuM4.ua. 4llO*
1Oi»Oa San Jose and Way Station*.. 1:3vy
/IUiUiu New Almadeu /3.-3o»
IIUOa a»» .lose ami Wajf Xtatiims 3i30f
t»i lap San Mateo, Uedwoo.1, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. «auta Clara. Han Jim*.
Tree Pinos. Hauta Crux. Salloaa.
Mouterey rikI Paelfle GroTe 110:43a
a:3»p Han .Joso and Way SUtluna «:3»a
f-lllSr Sau Jose and Principal Way SUtioni 0: 13a
|3t00rSan Jose, Los Gatoa tad Principal
WaySUtioo filiOOa
5«»Op San Joaoaii<) Principal Way Station. S:S3a
OiOOjp Bedwoid. Han Joan. Gllroy. Saiioaa.
Santa Barbara, Lou Angeles 1O:O3a
CiOOp Del Monte, Monterey, Ptaflo Grore,
Loaipoc 10iO3*
¦tBftrSan Jose and Way Station* tfliOO*.
alli43p3an Joaeami Way fttotluns 7»30>
A for Morning p for A I ternoon.
1 8nnday exeei'ted. t Hnnday only.
, a Saturday only. /Taasdayi and FrMayv
CiLIFORSIl HORTHmSTERH RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7^0, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at V.'oO
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK r>AYS-«:10. 7:30. 9:20. U:10 a. m.; 12:45.
8:4i). 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 8:40.
8:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game gchedme as above.
Leave I In Effect I ! Arrlv*
San Francisco. | April 23, 1901.] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Dayi. I daya. [ Destination. | daya. [Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:C0 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:20pm
Fnlton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburz. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geys«rvine.
3:30 pm 3:00 am Clove rJale. 7:35 pm 4:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pmt Hopland 110:40 aratlO:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 amj and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:15 am
8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:3S pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
* and
.5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm (:3)pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am iToTSTm
1:30 pm| (:0O pm( Sebaitopol. I 7:3S pm! 8:29 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Sprtns; at Fulton
for Altrurta; at I.ytton for l.ytton Spring*: At
Ueyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdaln
for tho Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
gprtng-a. Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Hay. Lakeport and OartUtt
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Sarutosa
gprlngH. Blue Lakes. Lnurrt l>«ll Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, ¦ Riverside. Llerley's Bucknells.
Hanhedrln Heights. Ilullvilie, Orr'a Hot
Springs. Mendoc.no City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. . Usal. WJlllts. LaytonviUe. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C WHITING. n. X. RYAN.
• Gen. . Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNTVTAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SauaUto Ferry— Feet orUtrXit St. ,
Liavc ««i mix. »««ivr eon r**<*.
v£S « i-—WEEK DAYS < S:g£5-
8:00 A. M."l s . " - f 12:13 P. ac.
9d»A. M. v 1:15p.M.
10*0 A. M.I STJXTJAV* < 3i«)P. M.
U30A.M.f 5USDAYS.. 4:50 F. st
120 P. M. A50 ?. M.
2 JO P. mJ - 1. 7:10 r. *.
Fare. Saa Fnadaee to Smnmtt «nil S«rara. tl.M
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. & Sanaalito Ferry.Death Came Unexpectedly.
Mrs. P. H. McCarthy, wife of the pres
ident of the Building- Trades Council and
Civil Service Commission, died suddenly
last night. Mrs. McCarthy called at the
home of friends living in the Mission
Wednesday afternoon, and while there
became suddenly III. She gradually grew
worse and the physicians who were sum
moned to attend her would not allow her
to be removed to her home. She. sank
into a . stupor yesterday afternoon and
died a few hours later. Arrangements
for the funeral have not yet been made.
The class known as the business course
in the Hamilton Evening School was abol
ished from the beginning of the fall term
on account of the light attendance.
Leaves of absence were gTanted to MlsCs
M. Reddy, William T. Plunkett, Miss J. S.
Klink and Mrs. M. Witts.
The two classes of the Richmond Even
ing School were consolidated into one and
the services of the substitute, Mrs. Sykes,
dispensed with.
Director Denman produced figures to
show that the attendance in schools is
not congested. ""From, reports of princi
pals, Denman-declared that no single class
contained more than fifty pupils and many
classes fell below forty in enrollment. The
grand average attendance. Denman said,
is thirty-nine and the average number be
longring- forty-two..
The Board of Public Works made an un
successful attempt yesterday to Induce the
Board of Education to pay for an addi
tional employe In the repair department
out of the school funds. A communica
tion from the first named body was read
at the School Board's meeting, in which
it was stated that it was impossible to
make urgent repairs to school buildings
for which requisition was made because
the Superintendent of Public Buildings
had no messenger at his disposal, and for
the added reason that there is no tele
phone in the repair department.
Superintendent Webster remarked that
P. M. Wellin received $125 per month from
the school fund for inspecting school re
pairs, and as he had a conveyance at his
disposal Webster thought there was no
actual necessity either for a telephone or
for a messenger. Webster objected to
the Board of Works paying the salary
of another employe out of the school
funds, and the matter was referred to Di
rector Casserly.
Business. Course in Hamil
• ton Evening School
Abolished.
Board of Works Asks
Directors to Pay for
Messenger.
WANTS ANOTHER
PLACE CREATED
In the matter of the three appeals of
the case of the Oregon and California
Railroad Company vs. the United States
the Judgment of the lower court was con
firmed. In the case of James A. Murray
and the Grand Opera-house Company vs.
John O. Bender judgment was affirmed.
Klmllar action was taken in the case of
George Johnston vs. George E. Woodbury.
It will be impossible for the United
States to gain access to its property v.ith
out trespassing upon the surrounding pri
vate property, and it is believed that con
demnation proceedings for the whole of
the fourteen-acre tract will be instituted
shortly.
The Court of Appeals decided yesterday
that the original Mission Rocks consisted
of a rock fourteen one-hundredths of an
acre In area and a smaller rock one one
hundiedth of an acre In area. The pre
decessor of the California Drydock Com
pany obtained from the State of Califor
nia a grant of the rocks and their imme
diate surroundings as tide and overflowed
lands and the drydock c/apany filled in
the tide lands surrounding and built ware
houses thereon, so that the area, includ
ing th» original rocks, ¦was increased to
a little more than fourteen acres and a
hall The decision holds that the State
of California never had title to the rocks
that were never overflowed, and therefore
could not grant a valid title to a third
party, but that the overflowed and tide
lands filled in by the drydock company
are the property of that company. This
leaves the Government only a little more
than one-cixth of an acre in the center of
the tract.
The original suit was filed by United
States District Attorney Coombs. He
asked for the restitution of the property,
consisting of fourteen acres and sixty
nine one-hundredths of an acre, and for
£55,000 for damages, rents and profits. In
the United States Circuit Court Judge
Beatty gave a judgment for the posses
sion of the property, but without dam
ages.
A decision handed down yesterday by
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals reverses the Judgment rendered sev
eral months agro by Judge Beatty. sitting
In the United States Circuit Court In the
case of the United States against the Cali
fornia Drydock Company for the posses
sion of Mission Rock in San Francisco
Bay. •
But the Surrounding Lands,
' Filled In, Belong to
Citizens.
So Decides the United
States Court of
Appeals.
MISSION ROCK
IS UNCLE SAM'S
PRIVATE SECRETARY CORTELYOU AND HIS WIFE,- NOW HERE WITH
THE PRESIDENTIAL PARTY.'- MR. CORTELYOU IS FAMED FOR
HIS AFFABILITY AND. GRASP OF AFFAIRS.
Arizona newspapers declare that deer.
antelope and mountain sheep will soon be
exterminated there unless immediate
steps are taken for their preservation.
Colonel F. W. G. Morrosco of Oakland
has been granted a divorce from his wife,
Mrs. M. A. Morrosco, of Oakland. •
Miss Lake of the Methodist • Mission
Home appeared before the friends and
members of the "New Century Club" last
evening and told them something of tho
slave girls in Chinatown and of her won
derful rescue work there.
Miss Lake began her talk by describing
some of the conditions at present existing
in China and following the poor slave
girl from the time she sailed from th«
Flowery Kingdom till she was rescued
from a slave den in this city, she tract- .1
a story that is wondrous strange and
pitiful.
Two tiny Chinese maidens, rescued from
slavery, sang and recited and brought the
evenings entertainment to a pleasant
close. .
SPEASS ABOUT POOB
' CHINESE SLAVE GIRLS
Hiss I*ako of the Hilethodlst Mission
Talks Before N"ew Century
Club.-
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tubs and swimming. 217 to S2S Bay street;
thirteen minutes' ride from Market street. •
Ship and Machine Blacksmiths.
A special meeting of the ship and ma
chine blacksmiths of Union 163 will be held
to-morrow night at 102 CXFarreU street.
Owing to the death of tho wife of Its
president. P. H. McCarthy, no meetlnj?
of the Building Trades Council was held
last night. A meeting will be held to
night In order to express the condolences
of his associates.
The Journeymen Bakers' and Confec
tioners' International Union has Issued a
long statement of its position, addressed
to the Master Bakers of the- city. No
new facts »re presented.
The CooL** and Walters are still main
taining their picket lines In front of many
restaurants.
5. Grievances — In case of grievances arising
the above firm aerees to receive a committee
ot the above-named workmen to Investigate,
and if possible adjust the same. If no adjust
ment Is reached* the case shall be referred to
a board of arbitration, consisting: of five per
sons, .two to be selected by above-named com
pany, two by the above-named workmen and
the four to choose a fifth arbitrator, who shall
be a. practical, disinterested man. The de
cision to be reached by this board to ba bind
ing on both parties to this agreement.
¦ 4. Pay— An increase of 12H per cent over th»
present rates is hereby granted, to taka effect
on and after May 20, 1501.
3. .Night pangs— Any of the above-named
workmen employed on night ganga or shifts
shall receive overtime in accordance with sec
tion 2 for all hours worked over (54) flfty-four
per weelc
2. Overtime— All overtime ud to 13 o'clock
midnight shall be paid fcr at the rate of not
less than time and one-half, and all overtime
after 13 'O'clock midnight, Sundays and legal
holiday? shall be paid for at the rata of not
less than double time. Note.— The foregoing
rates are not ta-interfere in any way with ex
isting conditions, that is. where higher rates
than the above are paid no reduction -will take
place.
1. Hours — Nine hours shall constitute a
day's -work on and after May 20, 130L Note.
This arrangement of hours is not to Interfere
in any way with shops where a less number of
hours per day is in operation.
Upon the action of the San Francisco
Labor Council much depends. A meeting
will be held to-night and it Is expected
that National Organizer Jeff D. Pierce
will reply to the charges made against
him by Vice President Louis Chester of
the Building Trades Council. Chester has
given publicity to a statement emanat
ing from that body accusing Pierce of
being in the labor agitation business more
for his pocket than for the benefit of the
laboring man. Except to deny that such
a condition. of affairs existed Pierce has
not replied. It Is expected that he will
do so to-night.
The demands of the machinists are em
bodied In the following schedule, which
has been submitted to all employers of
labor embraced within the ranks of the
ship joiners, boat builders, construction
carpenters, millmen and Joiners' laborers:
who do not want to lose their support
and that of their families are not so san
guine that there will be a general walk
out, as promised, on j May 20. Notwith
standing the many injunctions of secrecy
the men talk, and the condition now looks
more promising for a settlement.
While Secretary Wisler is reticent men
All -matters In relation to a reneral
strike of laborers employed In various
capacities are centering: around the ques
tion "What will -the machinists do?"
Iron-Workers Not Quite So
A nx i ous *° Press Their
Demands.
Strike Situation Likely
to Change at Any
AWAIT MONDAY
WITH ANXIETY
Tax -Collector Scott filed suit yesterday
to compel the Board of Supervisors to al
low his claim' against the city for the
work of compiling the military list. Scott
avers that on the list he has prepared
there are 46,199 names and that under
the. 'law he Is entitled to $5 for each 100
names on the list. The object of this list
is to determine the number of men with
in the city and county capable of per
forming military 1 service.
Scott Wants to Be Paid.
In the meantime the court will endeavor
to ascertain whether under any law, com
mon or uncommon, a marriage by proxy,
where the minister officiating concludes
the ceremony by stealing the bride, is
legal. .
- After the court had made its order pro
viding for the temporary custody of the
little girl, the mother, giving the name of
Jennie R. Scheller, instituted suit for di
vorce. She alleges failure to provide as
cause of action.
As White was leaving the court room
with the little girl she began to cry for
Scheller, whom she called her father.
Scheller was then placed on the stand and
after establishing the fact that he ia a
hard-working man and has a respectable
home at 507 Twentieth street and was
anxious and able to properly care for the
child, Judge Graham ordered that the
little miss be placed in his custody until
the final determination of the case.
Child Cries for Scheller.
• "Fishburn" also declared he was indus
trious and said he - and Mrs. Scheller
should be allowed to keep the child. He
said he was a photographer, a dress
maker, a machinist, a doctor, a soldier, a
clerk and a lawyer. Judge Coffey said
1 that he believed he was • industrious and
his • story proved that he was truthful,
and hence the court could only hold one
thing against him, and that was that he
% was a lawyer and probably practiced pro
bate law. . "Fishburn" failed to feel the
thrust, but kept on explaining until
stopped by the court.
. Judge Coffey announced that as the cus
tody of the child had been granted to her
mother In the divorce proceedings, which
were decided several years ago in De
partment 7 of the: Superior Court, he had
no Jurisdiction over the case and would
suggest that it be taken before Judge
Graham for further hearing. The child,
"Fishburn," Mrs. Scheller and Mr. Schel
ler, who had been summoned to court to
testify In the case, went .before Judge
Graham, but as there was a case on trial
In his department the hearing of Secre
tary White's application was continued.
After trying for a time to avoid the
questions of Judge Coffey, "Fishburn*'
finally acknowledged that he was not
present in person when "he married" the
woman with whom he is living and whom
he claims to be his wife, but says that
he was married by proxy, the woman in
question and the minister who performed
the ceremony being then in Elizabeth, Pa.
"Fishburn" said: "I was in this city.
And," he continued, "when the minister,
who was none other than Phillip M. Fish
burn, saw how pretty she was he took
her himself. That, was in 1891. ±sut I was
married to her by proxy and hence I am
her husband, and I know I am the father
of the child." .
Alleged Long-Distance Marriage.
Secretary "White of the society, who as
serts that "Fishburn" is one John Bothas,
also known as Joe Smith, a native of Ger
many, applied several days ago for letters
of guardianship upon the little girl In
question and, the matter was called for
hearing before Judge Coffey. The evi
dence developed the fact that the child's
mother,. Racha.el J. Flshburn-Scbeller,
wife of Edward Scheller, married Phillip
M. Fishburn, father of the child, in 1887;
that subsequently she procured a divorce
from- him and married Scheller; that she
deserted Scheller some time ago, and is
now living with James "Fishburn," who
claims to be the father of the child.
Photographs of Phillip M. Fishburn
were presented to the court to prove that
James "Fishburn" was not the first hus
band of the woman with whom he Is liv
ing.. The photographs show Fishburn
to be a large man, with mobile features,
while' "Fishburn,"; the pretender, is a
small man, undeveloped and not muscular,
and high cheek bones are the most promi
nent part of his features.
This strange statement was made by
James "Fishburn," as • h© calls himself,
before Judge Coffey yesterday. "Flsii
burn 1 ' appeared before that Judge and
later before Judge Dunne with the object
of preventing nine-year-old Jenta. Fish
burn-from passing into the custody and
control of ths California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children-
were in Elizabeth. Pa., but Vs sh» was
pretty the minister took her, but I got
her, back again, and I want to keep the
child." .
"I'm the father of that child. I mar
ried her. mother by proxy in 1891. She
and the minister who married us by proxy
James "Fishburn" Tells a
- Fairy 5 Tale to Keep
\ --aVGhild.
Avers - ¦ He r^Is - - the - Father^
• But i Records Prove : ;-:
¦¦¦:¦;¦ Otherwise. ;
SAYS HIS PROXY
STOLE HIS WIFE
In his official • capacity Mr. Cortelyou I
must riot only direct the vast mass of
White House correspondence and super
vlso the arrangement for state dinners
and other social functions, but he must
receive callers, interview, them as to the
nature of • their business and . make ap
pointments for them to meet the Presi
dent.- It is in the discharge of the latter
service that Mr. ' Cortelyou has proven >
himself an ideal secretary; for the Presi
dent of the United. States must of neces
sity deny himself occasionally to callers,
even of great, eminence and distinction,
and it is obvious that the secretary must
be a man of rare tact and diplomacy in
order not to give "offense to* such people.
;. Mr. Cortelyou 'is alw*ays pleasant-faced,
pleasant-mannered and- pleasant-spoken,
to all callers. He is a man of most suave
arid courtly, address and is extremely pop- '
ular with public men at the National Cap- '
ital.' He is an especial favorite , with the
newspaper correspondents of Washington
city, with whom he comes into daily con—
tact and the press men -who have accom
panied the Presidential train to California'
unite in declaring him to be a most agree- j
ablo and accommodating gentleman.:- '
The people of {San "Francisco and of
California will that
the present' sad -situation prevents an ex
tension of further hospitality to the Presi
dent's private secretary 'and Mrs." Cortel
you, and hope that they may some day
visit this coast again under happier cir
cumstances. , - - , .1
nation of Private Secretary John Addison
Porter, in April. 1900, Mr. Cortelyou was
splendidly, equipped ..for the responsible
duties and was immediately appointed
Mr. Porter's successor. ¦
i A.' B. Smith' Furniture* Co;; 132 Ellli*i Sell"
'. furniture on easy payments..' •
¦ HELD FOR ASSAULT . TO MURDER.—Wil
liam Barrett ; was held : to ¦ answer .before the
Superior Court \ by- Judge ; Fritz .. yesterday i on :
the .. charge ; of • assault - to murder for shootlnj?,
Alfred Brown at B58H Howard street on April 4.'
TUITE LEAVES WEALTH:
. TO MRS. RON CO VTERI
Gives Sisters,' Nieces and Nephews a
Small Sum Each-r-Jane Ann
' ' . ;V Rey.'s Estate.
The will of Patrick Tuite, who died on
the 14th lrtst., leaving an estate valued' at
$10,000. was filed • for probate - yesterday
Decedent : becueaths to each . of his sis
ters, 1 nieces and nephews the sum. of. $50
All - the rest and residue of his » estate he
bequeaths -to ¦ -CTara Roncovierl, a
friend, j of .722 California street. The will
was drawn the • day : prior - to the - testa
tor s death and is witnessed. by F. Pankar
E> I J! n , ( £ ley street « and George : B. Keane
602 California street, v
Valentine, J.- A, Rey has applied: for let
ters of administration i upon the estate of
the late Jane Ann Rey, who died January
14; last.;- The estate is valued at $100 000
Decedent's .next .of kin' are Marie* Rey
Sander, a daughter: - Sylvia Jura Rey, a
daughter; ZVelina Hermione Rey-Sproule
a daughter, and the petitioner, a son of
the deceased. : :¦¦ - ;
• Verus. cures >. piles, 4 - or $50 . reward. For
sale. by all druggists.-, ".. / ;•
- An . animal heretofore unknown, resem
bling both the horsoand zebra,. has been
dlscovered 4 in. the Congo forests. .: , J
• '.An.' action! was ; instituted yesterday to
determine whether -or not the recent de
cision of ' the ¦¦ Supreme ;t Court exempts
copyists in .the* various offices, fromwthe
civil service provisions of the charter. - W.
H. Garnett, who was recently • appointed,
a copyist in the Recorder's office .with
out an examination- by -the Civil Service
Commission, has - petitioned tho Superior
Court- for a- -writ of- mandate to compel
the ; Treasurer . to j honor his warrant for
services rendered during . the month of
April. • ..:::.• ¦¦¦,¦¦..¦,: ¦'. t ¦¦¦:¦ ;-•¦ ,,;:•¦
The case was assigned by JudgeDunne
to Judge Seawell's department of the Su
perior Court for hearing. .Considerable in
terest is centered in ¦ the suit, for | the de
cision-will determine -the .status of about
100 • employes - of-- the •: Municipal Govern
ment:'- :.•¦¦ :¦'-¦-<; ¦.•..¦',¦¦' ¦,-¦¦¦ ¦ . • : • ¦¦¦.¦ ¦ ¦
Status TJnjier ; Recent Supreme
- .- .¦->, r court 'Decision. ; •
Institute Action' to Determine j Their
A gentleman of most attractive person
ality, dignified and courtly- In his bearing,
Mr. .Cortelyou ' lias been himself; a great
favorite in society.' -•'. N .-,' '•. ' . ' .,-/: '• -
His wlf e . was -.the . youngest daughter. • of
Dr. Hinds, principal of the Hempstead In
stitute. She wits married to ,Mr.« Cortel
you in September, 1888. -, They, have -four
children. In his offlcial and social: duties
Mr.' Cortelyou -has -found 'his wife an- in
valuable helpmate. - The : general
does not fully comprehend the importance
of Mr. Cortelyou's iofflce,'-; nor the vast
amount of .work imposed upon him. Under
his direction a great mass of correspond
ence is handled. ;¦':". "" ' - .,-.: ¦"• ~\~
-•-During, the -first year* of .President ,Mc-
Kinley'B- administration"' 400,000 communi
cations wwere '¦¦ received • and V acted i upon.
This work necessitates the employment of
six verbatim reporters besides :' a I number
of typewriter; Operators.'. ¦ "¦¦'•. . v i «'¦--.
' Mr. Cortelyou's duties -as confidential
clerk, to the President "gave him an ¦ ex
ceedingly valuable" knowledge | of political
and. social affairs' so that' upon : the resla-
COPYISTS I WOULD ¦ EVADE
¦ :''' ¦¦'?'•¦;' :¦ CTVII/., SERVICE -BTJIjES
manifold, and the office has, djuringr the
incumbency of Mr. Cortelyou, risen to tho
dignity and importance of a Cabinet port
folio. Several' years ago (before his well
merited promotion) Mr. Cortelyou was
confidential' clerk: to President McKinley,
and it is perhaps ,: not - generally known
that .while acting, in this capacity he had
charge of ' Mrs. ' McKinley's correspon
dence and the management of her recep
tions. While in this service he became de
votedly attached to 'the' sweet mistress of
the "White House, as did all who were as
sociated with her.,- ¦ ' ••.•¦ •..• ; ' . ;.¦ ¦>¦ . ...
THE; SAN FRANCISCO i CALL, MAT 17V 1901;
PRESIDENT'S PRIVATE SECRETARY
MAN 0F SPLENDID CAPABILITY
Chief -Executive Is'Fortunate in;Having;at His SidefGeorgeB. Cortel
you, who Combines; Great Ability With Affable and Courteous
Manner and Has Keen Grasp of State Department Affairs
IN his hour of trouble President Mc-
Klnley has been fortunate indeed in
having- by his .side Private Secretary
George -B. Cortelyou, while the Presi
dent's afflicted lady has been receiv
ing the gentle feminine ministrations of
the Secretary's estimable wife.
The duties of a President's secretary are
14
J There's two things we can say about the Royal Blue Serge — *•
5 it's dressy and it's the best wearing fatric known to-day. Nothing ]]
yet has been produced to equal the serge for wear, and our serge ::
? holds the color till the end of time. No matter how hard your *
? little fellow may be on clothes, serge will resist the hard, knocks ••
J better than any other fabric known. • [\
e.H"l"M"M"M !¦! 1 1 I 1 l'Ml 1 I I i^-r^^-I-l'i-l-^-r^^^-H^-I-Id^H^^-I-^'a'I'I 1"1"!-I"H'»H"HH~H'S
Royal Blue *RjWf 1 1 1 1
Above we picture the Royal SW HI I iil
Blue Serge made in the knee ||iij MI \ W/k
trouser suit for chaps be- ' fsFj • i|!s\ • \ iM .. ¦ ; .
tween the ages of 8 and 15 jf«wi l8§^ v xIIt'i
years. Built with the broad Jp&rrfr _jjfejraal">' /
military shrulders, which is - ' '
the swell idea — which builds TT|-« /I/I l
the little fellow out Instead * "C iViailly
of making him look droop- ChaO MlY YOUIlSf
shouldered, this builds him up ~. t . „ ¦ ¦ *r & \
i i . t i nat which we picture above is /l/| r>«. : . :
and gives him the square- the suit wit i a vest/the manly ; /HcUl : " :
shculder e'fect; and, of course, S^^^t^TT' 0 ' t^ Fof thc H^Pi the Rbyal
tailored as enly first-class gar- $^^X^$L t^^^Mp^
merits should be tailored. 2JL£ £&&&£& 7"tSl *&***? shoulders, the sing c-
This suit ordinal wuId S^^S&
$3.95 $5.95 $7.45
Here Are =§i'^W J^M^ ttiSm&SsSS^i-M* Bargain
Eloquently jRi #^NPj§»:$ jiP*^'" CooHeoKcAQHerSf.
Than Words. " Incorporated Union Sqxjaqc Ave Merely Cheap) ¦
1 — * SBND FOR OUR NnW BOOK ON SIIMMFP PiUHinws. A -Prices,- .,}±
¦ : • ADVERTISEMENTS.
I in Two
¦t^^r^H \1^S^ Prcmb and
tis§^<l \j^ Kopona Cameras
-"^r^E^SSp^"""^ I • '^^ Listed regularly at from 57.50 to i
$50.00. We offer them for the f-
-.Next ten days at 50 pep cent
ijljllli^ off list prices.
v This opportunity cannot be duplicated anywhere la the ,
¦p ""^ West. The merit of these cameras Is recognized the
. i > . world over.
Pony Premo No. 2, 4x5,- listed at $10.00 S5.OO
, Premo B, 4x5, listed at $15.00.....:... """""II"" »T 5O
I PreSo B*. 6%x8% . listed at $55.00
i Telephoto Poco B, 4x&, listed at $30.00 :. S15 OO
King Poco,. 4x5, listed at $40.00 S^O OO
King Poco, 5x7, listed at $50.00 S25.0O
: King Poco. 6V4x8^, listed at $60.00 „ gtaO.OO .
. All sizes of Premo, Poco and Korona cameras at corresponding reduc-
tions. Every instrument «ruaranteed.
I fcnni»PiiijL'Miwt»ntiii^i'iinii>ffiiiiiniiJUJiPJiifitiJ
MMWrajra^ FOP SAI P
[mprovsd Farm of 2000 Acres
ffiBSSft" S3 BihAflH! Rich Valley Land in Ma-
ItTTS His r craoves s^omactijs J flra p niIn f v
SVBJjygfi terror of lard-made g Uold UUUlliy s
- ** aM ™ aB " a *'"'WrWBBffWnWK l IWISVliil "ff**^" :For Particulars address FARM. 813 Market
¦ -• --;.;-:¦.¦¦ -.. . . f .--¦: . . . ¦ ¦ Street, S. K. '
dr pierces I DR.MCNULTY.
0JW $n| II W% W f^J rr«Hl3 VV-fclX-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
fnfl& tn ™^l?» l^y n^ Im P«^^« •»«««•»'
BOIl B Jl~i _3-*_m.U. ill' W1.1LJ allied Disorders. Hook on IM*ex<» s of Me... fr*<s.
1 BLOOPMVER .UJMGS.1 2CJ f^S^^a^^^b*