VOLUME XC-NO. 49.
SANDRA.*? (DISCO, FRpAY, JULY 19, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GREAT EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION
FORMALLY OPENS ITS SESSIONS WITH
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING AT PAVILION
Continued on Second -Fajc*.
States. Especially in the vicinity of the
Pavilion . is ! their- presence felt, - and - the
merchants in the neighborhood are reap
ing a harvest In consequence.
The events of the opening day of the
great convention were the praise services
at the ' principal churches In Vthe morning,
the missionary. meeting. in, the art, gallery
of the Pavilion at -1:30 o'clock, 7 and the
formal' opening '. In ; the fmaln -hall [of j the
Pavilion at 2;30 o'clock. > The j vast . ed'iflce
was crowded 1 to' the door's, and a marked
interest in the proceedings was manifest-
ed." In the evening there were sessions at
the Pavilion, j Alhambraj Theater, and Met
ropolitan Temple. !
Mail -at the Pavilion.
:.' The accumulation of. mail matter at the
Pavilion ' Is ;' enormous. : •.: The mall '• force,
consisting ¦ of f J. ' G-' Daub, ( Frank ¦ Isaacs
and' J. F. Mayer,' finds its hands full in de
livering* mall matter. , The 'arrivals "Wed
nesday were so numerous and the demand
for mall- so lively in consequence that for
a time j there was a' blockade. The ; force
was ' equal"* to" the "emergency, however,
and all, applicants. were served to. the sat
isfaction . of those concerned.
"The visiting ileaguers have been notified
that'all their mail willbe held at'the Pa-'
yillon "for^ delivery, until: the close of the
convention.';, All -those who : except mall
to reach" the city, after, their, departure' are
requested to, leave -their names and ad
dresses : so" that ' It may r be forwarded ! to
their homes. ;->-¦•¦-- - - ¦¦* •-.- - ;
OPENING SCENE AT MECHANICS' PAVILION OF THE GREAT EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION^TESTERDAT
! AFTERNOON AND PORTRAITS : OF BISHOP JOYCE. AND SECRETARY BERRY. THE IMMENSE GATHER
' 'ING WAS ONE OF THE MOST. NOTABLE EVER HELD IN THE VAST STRUCTURE. 1 * ; " : ' . •
THE • Epworth League Convention
- formally opened -Its deliberations
at. the, Pavilion , at. 2:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. The >open
, Ing was an auspicious one and iXie
spectacle, because of 'its varie
gated aspects, was one which will long be
remembered - by the . 10,000 ; people . who
thronged' the Immense structure' at that'
hour. • ¦ ii *¦ ; ¦¦- r . ?
It was a remarkable gathering, not ex
celled even by. '.the" Christian Endeavor
meeting of '97, which . greeted Chairman
Thomas Filben of .the general committee
when, at 2:30. o'clock, he arose and form
ally called the convention to, order. Be
fore him, massed in solid phalanxes, were
S000 leaguers, representing almost every
State in • . the '_ Union, and among them
many distinguished- workers in the cause !
of Christ. AH wore the" league' badge and
here and there pennants of red, white and
orange" fluttered merrily. • Above was. a.
canopy of the : Stars and Stripes, from
which hung .festoons of; ferns and roses,
from the 'center of each of which ' massive
bouquets of ; flowers Were suspended.; The
gallery : rails were similarly adorned, the
distinguishing feature being the league
shield, " bearing ¦ the letters ] "E.' L»." and
two American j flags, hiding . the base of
the roof arches. - • «"* :¦•-?¦'-*
Y : .Many Ministers on Stand.
The speaker's 'stand was crowded with
visiting ministers,, all- Epworth workers
from all parts of -the Union. : These "wer«
ranged directly beneath the grand chorus
and on" either side of the console. The
vocalists were massed in the rea,r be
tween the divided organ to a- height con
siderably above, the level of the gallery
floor. The sounding board bore In letters
, of flaming crimson the inscription "1901—
Our Chief Aim Missions— 1901." The
ladles comprising the chorus appeared for
the greater part in white gowns, and with
their . handkerchiefs, which were freely
used in greeting the State and city exec
utives, as well as the chairmen of the
general and music committees, presented
a charming sight.
.When Chairman Filben of the general
committee and W. H. Waste, chairman of
the reception committee, appeared' on the
platform in advance of Governor Gage.
there was a salvo of applause and wild
waving of snowy handkerchiefs, in which
the entire audience joined. . ,
Church Dignitaries Appear.
, The Governor bowed his acknowledg
ments and took his seat behind the ros
trum. -A moment later Mayor Phelan ap
peared. In succession appeared Bishop I.
W. Joyce, president of the. Epworth
League: Bishop John W. Hamilton of this
city and the several ministers who were
to officiate at the exercises. AH were
greeted, with characteristic warmth by
the assembled thousands.
The proceedings began with the ilnrlng
Delegates Are /Eloquently Welcomed
by. Governor' Henry T. Gage, Mayor
J. D. J^helan and Bishop Hamilton
OPENING SESSION
OF CONVENTION
being of service to belated : leaguers j who
might be desirous of Information. The
street railway companies generously ac
corded all persons wearing, the conven
tional league reception cap free transpor
tation to all parts of the city.
Police Bender Good Service.
The members of the reception committee
at the ferries as well as at the Townsend
street depot are, desirous .of -expressing
their thanks to the police and other public
officials for courtesies extended them dur
ing- the trying- hours of the past three
days. The police especially assisted the
committees in every ' possible way and
their efforts are highly appreciated. !
All persons who •" expect the arrival of
friends from the East and who are de
sirous of hearing from them are directed
to call at the registration booth at the
Pavilion for Information. A complete reg
ister of all the league arrivals will be is-,
sued probably to-morrow. . Chairman
KIngsbury is rushing that work with a
large force of assistants. Last night near
ly 13,000 visitors -from, all parts of the
Union had registered : their names.
Streets Crowded "With Leaguers.
The effect of the influx of leaguers Into
San Francisco is noticeable In the con
gested etate of travel along the principal
thoroughfares. Market street was crowd
ed yesterday with leaguers, allof; whom
announced their affiliation by wearing the
Epworth badge, together with ¦ ribbons '-
bearing the names of ¦ - their respective
WITH the arrival of the last
league special train yester
day morning the convention
workers settled down earnest
ly to the performance of the
tasks allotted them. By noon
ell cave a few stragglers had arrived In the
city and the four days' sessions of the
convention were duly inaugurated.
Th« first specials to arrive yesterday
reached the Oakland mole at 6 a. m.
They brought about 150 delegates, all be
ing from the Middle West- An hour later
another party of 6eventy-nlne Epworth
worker* came In. At 11 o'clock the Ore
eon train brought In ninety-two leaguers
from the north. Sacramento and other
California points! They were accorded
the usual greeting by the Oakland detail
of the reception committee and sent
across th» bay with loud huzzas. This
was the last large party to arrive via Oak
land during the day.
At the Third and Townsend streets de
pot three parties, numbering In all some
150 delegates, came in from the southern
part of the State. A few of these were
from Texas. Miss Sorralls, who was in
charge cf the reception detail at that
point, called in her assistants at 3 o'clock,
no further arrivals of note being expected
after that hour.
At noon Chairman Waste of the recep
tion committee called in all members of
the detail 'at the ferries, with the excep
tion of two or three, who were to remain
on duty until nightfall, in anticipation of
Duties of the Reception Committee
Having Been Discharged Zealous
Aids Are Withdrawn From Ferry
LEAGUE SPECIALS
HAVE ALL ARRIVED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued from Page One.
The Coming: Methodism..
T. B. Hutcbinson of Napa proved an
exceptionally bright and entertaining
speaker and was heartily applauded
throughout his discourse. In which he
said: * -. #
To-night we meet here under the auspices of
a society. not even dreamed of 100 years ago;
the representatives of_ a Methodism which
reaches from the ice flows of Newfoundland to
the deserts of Arizona and Mexico and from
the gold fields of Alaska to the orange groves
cf Florida. ,
Then what more fitting than that such a/com
rany of younj Christians, as we surge In .
through the open gates of the new century,
rhould step to discuss for a while the difficul
ties and opportunities of the coming years?
The great tendency of the nineteenth century
OPENING SESSION OF CONVENTION
Man}' a church to-day would hardly have the
name to live were it not for the presence and
jx)w»r of those belonging to It who- are under
U years of age, and I further boldly aver that
no M«?*-hodist church can be found to-day
which cannot honestly, attribute much of its
life and power to Its Epworth Ueague. Pews
long vacant are now filled with >nsplrlnt
vouth. and every pastor finds his loyal legion
to be composed almost wholly of those who
wear the Epworth badge. If the future church
Is to have proper leadership, the young mem
bers should be carefully trained for such re
sponsibilities. We have discovered that our
denominational Bociety has proved Itself K^ed
lor such training. All departments of churtn
life ha\'e felt the quickening powers of this
er*«.t movement.
The wonderful nineteenth century will be re
membered on history's page for many things,
but lor none more than for this: The young
Christians cf North America, banded together
for Christian sen-ice, came to know no section.
Hast or West, North cr South, not - even a ,
national boundary line between the tnited
States and Canada, They recognized two nags,
It la true but they both stood for the same
noble principles. The language, the liberty,
the Institutions, the civilization were the same
under each. Every Britisher was at home un
der the Stars and Stripes and every American
came to feel- safe and secure under the Union
Jack, whether he was In Toronto, London, Cal
cutta Hongkong or Cape Town. This glorious
brotherhood has Jieen enhanced by the young
people's movement of the nineteenth century.
Preparation and Achievement.
The Rev. G. W. Kerby, A. B., of Mon
treal spoke on the "Young People s Move
ment in the Twentieth Century." He was
continually applauded during his remarks.
He said:
The Hible 1« "the living link" bindlng'the
centuries together. Ihe Bible and young peo
ple's movement were the two great determin
ing factors of the twentieth century. The
nineteenth c«ntury was the period of prepara
tion. The twentieth will be the period of
achievement. We are setting up our banners
to-day for the twentieth century. The Bret
banner bears the Inscription: "My Life lor
Chrlet." or the soldier's sense of consecra
tion. This is the starting point of the twen
tieth century army — a new sense of consecra
tion needed. The eolfiler for Chrtrt must live
the separated, detached, self-abandoned ' t lite.
Th; second banner: "My Fellow for Christ,"
cr the rente of personal servlc* and responsi
bility. PlaLs. resolutions, committees are good,
but they cannot regenerate .society or save
rc^n. It was not a commute? that kindled the
revival of the eighteenth century- It was John
Wesley. The third banner: "My City for
Christ," suggesting the claims and obligations
of citizenship. The city was -the strategic
point. The best way to raise the standard of
citizenship was by the power of -example. If
yoa would clean tne 6heet and close the saloon,
you must vote that way. The presentlve min
leterles must also be emphasized.
We muet save our br-ys and young men. drive
party politics out of city governments and
form a federation of all .churches against cr
ranlzed «vil. The fourth banner: "My Coun
try for Christ." or the Christian sense "of pa
triotism. "America for Christ" and "Canada
f5r Chrift" are the patriotic banners we lift
up to-day. We have had enough of the Jingo
rpirlt. We need more of the Christ spirit. The
fifth banner: "The World for Christ." sug
gesting the Ideas of humanity, brotherhood
End world-wide evangelization. The Christian
who only tries to win a little bit of the world
for Christ will be a little bit of a Christian. In
twenty-five years the Epworth League on the
continent ought to be winning 500.000 souls and
raiting- $1,000,000 a year for missions. Then a
generation ehall not pass away until the gospel
cf the Kingdom is preached to every creature.
Value of Young People.
occupied. The session was pre
sided over by Rolla V. Watt. J. J. Morris
of Palo Alto acted as musical director.
During the song service the Rev. G. W.
Kerby and the Rev. G. R. Turk of Mon
treal,*Canada, sang a duet entitled "Amer
ica Shall Be Free." They received an en
core, but Mr. Watt announced that It
weuld be ImpoAIble for the gentlemen to
respond, as Mr. Kerbv was to, make an
address during the evening. In the ab
sence of the Rev. H. M. McKnight of Los
Aneeles Dr. Newell of Tennessee led the
devotions, after which the ReV. H. M.
Du Bose. D. D., of Nashville made the
necessary announcements.
The music was led by the Park sisters
with their cornets. By this means fully
twice the volume was secured from tne
The Rev. Charles Bayard Mitchell, D.
X>.. of Minneapolis, Minn., who Is to be
one of the speakers at the ef umenlcal mis
sionary conference in London In Septem-
Jier, was introduced and spoke on the
"Young People's Movement in the Mne
teenth Century" in the following words:
LONG before the hour of meeting
arrived last night the body of
the Mechanics' Pavilion began
2 filling up. By the time the pro
1 gramme was well started every
seat in the vast auditorium was
PREPARATIONS OF PAST
AND THE WORK TO CO ME
¦ — - .'.-¦
Eloquent Speakers Arouse Much Enthusiasm
at the Evening Session in the Pavilion
in Discussiog the Future of Methodism
\.i' : _ • ¦ • - 1 * : : ! ! — '—
ENTHUSIASTIC LEAGUERS LISTEN TO FINE ADDRESSES
AT PAVILION, ALHAMBRA THEATER AND AT THE TEMPLE
THE SAN FB A^CISCX) CALL, FB1DA W JTDLY 19, 1901.
It has been a joy to us to read of your com
ing. The people of California have severally
come- from whence you respectively- started; you
very handicraft by which this buHdlns naa
been made attractive, like very much of the
preparation which has been mniHnu all thing*
ready for this welcome, has been In -very large
part the work of Presbyterian, Congregational.
Baotlst and other Christian minds and hearts
and hands. Thousands of Christian Endeav
orers Join as heartily in tie rejoicing of this
hour as If they were all Methodists. W« hav«
been getting ready sines long before the con
vention in Indianapolis. But yoa will flnrt
that all the paraphernalia of our preparation
forms th« very least part of the welcome wa
have Intended to give yoa.
"Welcome Is a Sacred Thing.
That Bomethlnjr which we call "Welcome" Is
a very sacred thins. .And yet the word Is not
to be found in the Bible. It Is a thing of the
heart and very Uttle at It ever gets Into speech.
There ta no more necessity for proving the ex
istence of light than that of hospitality. W«
have hoped that you would find something more
.In our welcome than a room, some straw and
water. And many » way-worn traveler on these
bleak and rugged hills has found colossal com
fort in some poor roan's cabin with no more
material provision for his welfare. "Hospi
tality must be tor service, not for show, or
It pulls down the host." We are your servants
who love hospitality and will use It without
grudging for your sake. If we are good serv
ants you will know it and we will know It.
"The worst part of a bad servant la hla
tongue." If many thing* with which you hav*>
been familiar tn your Eastern homes cannot
be found amid th« simplicity or rusticity of
our horaea, you will find ample magnificence in
the wide open fields, majestic forest*. Inspir
ing canyons and transporting mountain rang-a
of California. Tou have welcome there to helo
yourselves from our splendid abundance. Shel
ley rave a good definition of hospitality in tha
hymn to Mercury when he wrote:
Tou must come home with me and be my guest.
Tou will gtve Joy to me, and I will do
All that is tn my power to honor you.
The definition given In the street by one of
the newsboys to one of the first-comerm to this
convention, however, was tntended doubtless to
express Just as much ninceritv and warmth.
He said, "You will find a Western welcome
Is a yard wide and all wool": that Is honest
and warm. Tou will find It U chivalrous to
chivalry. There is a solrtt of knighthood in
the herolo oourteay of Western manners. But
In your welcome, as "tn the legends of Parsi
fal and Lohengrin the knightly and religious
elements are welded together." The only chiv
alry worth having is that which is the read
iest to pay deference to righteousness and
truth, and therefore the good of all ages.
"When a man becomes a Christian." said
Drumraond, "the living Christ enters into his
soul." We honor you to-day and take yon
to our hearts because you are the sons and
daughters of Wesley, straight from Epworth.
Tou are 'called to be saints; by the Incarnation
of the Holy Spirit the brothers and sisters of
the world's best men and women.
Mr. Spurgreon has be«n dead more than
nine years, but the -weekly publication of
his sermons proceeds, and will !go on for
many years before the supply Is 'ex
hausted.
the subRtnutial achievements
of -the EpwortU Lcagae, and
ray sincere good wishes for
the success of your' present
gathering. L. M. SHAW,
Governor of Iowa. •¦
- - • . *.**.' ¦ "¦
DES MODES, July 18, 19O1.
Dr. Joseph IV Berry: My
heartiest congratulations on
GOOlf WISHES
FOR SUCCESS „
OF .GATHERING
GROWTH OF METHODISH
IN NINETEENH CENTURY
1. Methodism must put noble Ideals before her
leaguers. She must rouse their socialjconsclcncs
and thrust them oat into the thick of the fight
for the enthronement of righteousness. Let it
once be told in the lower regions that Chris
tians have left our cities to be managed by
uneodly men and hell would hold high carnival
and Satan proclaim a holiday for festivities.
She must constrain them to independent service
for God. Comroltteeism is rampant and we are
in danger of having Christ say to us: "I was
sick and your committee visited me."
3, She must teach the stewardship of money.
A colossal question before this century la to get
Christ's lordship acknowledged in material
things. The trouble wltn me church is pa
ganized money. <
3. She must set a high standard of Christian
living before the world. Other churches are
-waking on the question of holiness and we must
beware lest thoy take our crown. The glorious
light of sanctlflcation must flame forth from
our sanctuaries to win the world.
4. She mast keep in touch with the toners.
This Is one of the biggest questions on the top
of the earth. Methodism must grasp tha
bronzed hand of tha toller Just as heartily and
tenderly as the gloved and jeweled hand of the
rich. She should have an employment bureau
in every church: she should advocate profit
sharing and compulsory arbitration and evary
movement for their good. She must do her ut
most to put the hand of capital into the hand
of labor and say: "Those whom God hath
joined together let no man put asunder."
- 5. She must preach to save. Our greatest
need la not a million dollars, but a million
souls for God before -we have marched a de
cade Into this century. The people are not
clamoring for infldel notions and destructive
criticism, but an intelligent discussion of tha
old' gospel of salvation, Nothing will draw
like it. The pastor that does not preach to save
will not keep step in the century, and the
church that does not organize and conduct suc
cessful revivals ought to fall out of line and
join some other organization. labeled:
**A cool retreat for retired Christians.**
Devotions were conducted at the close
of and during the meeting by Rev. P. A.
Cool, D. D.. of Spokane. Wash., and th«
song service "was under the direction of
"W. C Stadtfeld, musical director.
THE meeting at the Alhambra
Theater was largely attended and.
the audience was roused to a
high pitch of enthusiasm by sev
eral eloquent speakers. The the
ater was handsomely decorated
with- -the Epworth- colors-and &
profusion of choice cut flowera lined the
front of the stage. -
The meeting was presided over by Rev.
M. A. Crews, secretary of the Epworth
League of Canada, who opened the pro
ceedings with a few brief but felicitous
remarks.
The Rev. a. Monk of Knoxville, Tenn..
was introduced a3 the first speaker of the
evening, his suject being "The Young
People's Movement of the Nineteenth
Century." Dr. Monk traced the growth
and development of the young people's
efforts in the line of religious work, which
he said had accomplished much for Chris
tianity. He exhorted his young headers
to help in the battle agratnst vice and to
do all In their power to aid in the conver
sion of the people of less favored lands.
Young People's Movement.
Rev. Matt S. Hughes of Kansas City.
Mo., delivered an interesting address on
"The- Young- People's Movement of the
Twentieth Century." He outlined what
would be expected of the future leaguer
and predicted that the success of the
movement In the last century would be
surpassed by the results achieved in the
present century. The gTeater success, Dr.
Hughes said, would come because the
young people of the coming cycle .would
be fortified with the knowledge and ex
perience gained by their predecessors.
Continuing he said:
The future leaguer will be a higher type than
the leagruer of to-day. The heir of tho nine
teenth century, he has exceptional opportunity.
He begins, not as a pioneer, as did his father,
but as a capitalist. He has the advantage of
popular favor of established institutions of com
plete equipment and organization for Christian
work: the advantage of co-operate denomina
tionalism. The leaguer la no longer an experi
ment, but has a definite place in the programme
of the twentieth century.
Twentieth. Century Methodism.
Probably the best address of the even
ing was delivered by the Rev. E. E. Scott,
Vancouver, B. C, who in an eloquent and
forceful manner spoke on "The Method
ism of the Twentieth Century." Dr. Scott
told some plain truths In vigorous style,
and his remarks were punctuated with
frequent applause. His address was Inter
spersed with witty anecdotes, each of
which was In Itself a sermon and pointed
a moral. Dr. Scott said In part:
"The Methodism of the Twentieth Century?"
Such a theme is enough to kindle the specula
tive fancy of a seer ana to call forth a pro
phetic message worthy of a Hebrew sage. When
Methodism speaks to twice the population of
Judea In the zenith of her glory under David
and Solomon, surely the turning of the hinges
of this new century requirrs aome . new Isaiah
to do Justice to the vision. Seeing I am but a
child and no prophet, let me outline some of
the things upon which we must put the empha
sis to justify our claim to stand in the van of
An Interesting Discussion of Two Weighty
at Metropolitan Hall — Well At
ll tended Also Is Meeting at Alhambra Theater
•w'w UNDREDS of "Epworth League
H _H' delegates with their friends as
'H—fl ' sembled last nl&ht at Metropolis
3 i I tan Temple to listen to words of
H B encouragement from j the elo
-"- -"- quent leaders of their order.
._ That the evening's-entertain
ment might furnish amusement as well
as instruction music was interspersed be
tween the different speeches. The audi
ence joined heartily, in the singing of the
sacred hymns. The temple was never
more grandly or artistically decorated.
Around the balcony and about the' stage
had been intertwined the colors of the
league. In the center of the hall had been
suspended a net In the shape ofian In
verted cone laced with flowers and foliage.
Joseph P. • Berry, general secretary of
the Epworth League, presided at the
meeting. The first speaker of the even
ing, the Rev. Dr. C. "W. Millard, presiding
elder of Ycmkers. N. Y., took for his sub
ject "The Young People's Movement in
the Nineteenth Century." He claimed
that the nineteenth century.- with its tre
mendous possibilities, has been essentially
a century for the young people. Through
his address he advanced argument to
£how that a society or an organization
without the influence and foundation of
spirituality is doomed to failure. In
speaking along this - line he said: "Be
hind social forces is the great influence of
religion and behind religion is the great
sustaining power of spirituality. Spirit
uality, while distinct from emotionalism,
elevates and purifies it. The greatest man
is he wnose virtues are grounded in spir
ituality, and so the greatest social organ-
TOPEKA, Knn«., Jnlr 10, 1OO1.
Dr. J. Berry:, My heartfelt
grreetinj?s to , tlie boat of the
' Epwortli , Leagrue in conven
tion assembled. ' May your
present . • »?a tlierinR be ' the
most-successful in all tl»» his
tory of the 'organization.
. , .;, . W. E* STANLEY, -
v Governor of Kansas.
HOPES THAT
MEETING MAY
BE A SUCCESS
Mr. Chairman and Ladies and Gentlemen:
Through the courtesies of the San Francisco
t-eneral committee of this great convention I
have been honored with the r reat privilege to
welcome this people here assembled for the
business c the Epworth League. It is but
twelve yeare ago." through the conference of the
young people of the societies of the Methodist
churches at Cleveland, Ohio, that this organi
ratlon was born. The rapid growth in ' mem
bership of this organization has only been ex
ceeded by the moral worth of the cause.
The Epworth League, while assisting- In the
The opening address of welcome was
Fpoken by Governor Gage. His introduc
tion was followed by a spontaneous burst
of applause and a wild waving of hand
kerchiefs. When the din died away the
Governor advanced to the rostrum, and
Bald:
Welcomes Epworth Visitors
in Behalf of People
of California.
GOVERNOR GAGE
GREETS LEAGUE
by the chorus and audience of the hymn,
"Come. Thou Almighty," led by Chair
man Husband of the music committee
and accompanied by the Park sisters of
New York, who will officiate at all meet-
Ings of the convention with their magic
cornets. Chairman Filben then spqke a
brief greeting, saying that San Francisco
was proud to receive its guests lrom
across the continent. He prayed that the
blessing-s of God mig-ht be showered upon
the league gatherings, and that the bril
liant objects for which the league was or
ganized might be subserved thereby.
The Rev. Joseph F. Berry, general sec
retary of the Epworth Lague, then read
telegrams from President McKinley, Vice
President Roosevelt and Governors of
various States, voicing their good will for
and bespeaking- the success of the con
vention In the accomplishment of its grand
purposes. The telegrams are published In
full elsewhere.
h._ ... i«»i - — — .
You will find San Francisco to be a cosmopoli
tan city, composed of people from all States
and countries, and its broad and generous spirit
gives welcome to all. Our commonwealth was
founded by the pioneer, whose rugged sense of
right and whose love of Justice, although at
times it was rudely administered, has made
him a distinct character In history. He was en
terprising, fearless, tolerant and Just. He laid
the foundation of an American State, true to
American Ideals, and excluded slavery from its
constitution. He established schools, universi
ties and churches. And to show conclusively
that this generation sympathizes with the
cause of morality and education, and regards
such Institutions as instrumentalities for the
promotion of both. It may be said that at the
last election universities ana cnurches were by
popular vote exempted from taxation. Whereas
In the beginning. of San Francisco the turbu
lence of a mining camp was part of its dally
life, yet out of the confusion of those times
Mayor Phelan was next introduced. He
was received with enthusiasm. He said
he was glad to extend a welcome to the
delegates In behalf "of the people of San
Francisco, and then alluded to the early
pioneers who came in armies from the
East In the days of '49 and made their
homes here because they were attracted
by the goddess, California. Resuming, he
said:
to Founders of San
Francisco.
Mayor Phelan Pays Tribute
NOBLY FOUNDED
COMMONWEALTH
moral education and : Insisting on spirituality
cf the foremost kind, produces the highest
type of American citizenship and public and
private ltfe. Civilization and Christianity go
hand in hand. While this Is a truth It Is the
paramount policy of this country that no al
liance shall ever be formed between state and
church and that all of our institutions shall
be free from the dominance of sectarian creed,
but It Is Insisted that Christianity shall have
free admission Into the homes of the country.
Because of this freedom guaranteed by the con
stitution, Christianity makes the best of lives.
This is a country of schools and churches
and we are proud of it. Every schoolhouse
and church steeple is symbolical of liberty, law
and patriotism. ¦<-'$,* *
I take great pleasure therefore in the name
of the State of California in bidding each and
every one of you a Tiearty welcome to the State,
and I hope your sojourn will prove as profitable
as your work is elevating to mankind.
j. —
<..* h,.n rush and push. .Invention and eTiter-
church P of the twentieth century
nust adapt itself to theee new conditions, for
« new ways of conducting business, new dlfc
•overles multiply, they prac tlcally /produce ' »
lew race of men; and the church of the twen
leth century must be able to reach «uch men,
ind also the unfortunate outcast and discour
lg Le\^ne "login" of the Canadian. Methodist
Episcopal and Methodist South be: "As mv
ieart is right with thine give me thine hand."
KnA bo the typical member of the church of
he twentieth century will stand four Hduure to
•very wind that blows.
The services closed with, the singing: of
he Doxology by the audience and bene
iictlon by the Rev. John Hemphlll of Cal
/ary Presbyterian Church.
. Continued on Page Thrett
ured by the possibilities of the development of
the West and the resources of the great ocean
at our doors, ready to serve our commerce with
distant lands. It is told in the history of Cali
fornia that when Father Junipero, the great
missionary, reported to his Illustrious superior.
Inspector General Galven of the Franciscan
order, that he had established missions In the
southern part of the State, and that none of
them ;bore the . name of their patron. Saint
Francis, the general said: "If Saint Francis
wants a mission, let him show you the most eli
gible spot " and. rediscover to you , the I lost har
bor of Monterey,". , which the Spanish • naviga-
You, too, may have been led here In this later
generation to serve an equally good purpose by
discovering to the 'world : and advertising it
broadcast . the charms and advantages - at the
new. Ran Francisco, " for here you will v find
everything. which makes life worth living. The
land, the sea and. the sky vie with one another
In > the benefits which • they confer. A great
author baa *aia that scenery and climate make
reported to exist on the California coast In
this quest the expedition set out by land, and,
happily passing by Monterey without seeing It.
found themselves on the shores of what is now
the bay: of San Francisco, and so. San Fran
cisco waa discovered and named.
a city has emerged, conspicuous for 'its devo
tion to law and order, and whose people boast
of a municipal form of government equal, if
not superior, to that existing in any American
city, - and certainly more advanced in original
and' progressive, features.
But the moral sentiment of the community
finds stimulus In the Influx of the Epworth
Leaguers, whose purpose is to promote and con
serve Christian principles and apply them to the
dally life and affairs of what we must confess
to be. a materialistic age. We are therefore
glad that you have discovered i San Francisco.
It is the chief city of the I United States upon
the Pacific Ocean. Its future can oxdx be mea«-
The people of California have not only : laid
aside their differences in the presence of the
necessities growing out of their new relations
in the new country, but without being indiffer
ent to their own Inclinations, with great inter
est In the public welfare, they have always
been careful not to take them up again, when
they receive and entertain visitors who are
constantly coming here from avexv vhara. ' Th*
Methodism. It was a masterly effort and
filled with attaint, humorous sayings,
which were « pro vocative of laughter. He
said: .v . .
Mr. . President. Sisters and Brothers of the
Ep worth League: I have been selected from
the Methodist Episcopal Church to speak a
word of welcome to you for California. Pleas
ant as the duty U. it Is a task of no small
wisdom which has been assigned to . me. for
only a. **rery large-acred, large-handed, large
hearted, large-minded and royal welcome will
represent California, and we have been ad
monished with emphasis— line upon line that
it requires great and commanding dimensions
to reckon with all your hosts for the hospitable
reception and entertainment we were bound to
five you. It is no mere Methodist greeting
which welcomes you to-day. We were only the
beginners, whose business it was to locate the
boundaries of your hospitality. Tens of thou
sands of dollars have been poured Into our
treasury by merchants and manufacturers
bankers and business men of all nationalities
as well as all professions and trades, who
have never mentioned their religtouB prefer
ences when making even their most generous
gifts. " .
Bishop John "W. Hamilton addressed
the convention in behalf ( of California
Eloquent Welcome Expressed
by Bishop Hamilton
for Methodism.
EYES OF WORLD
ON CALIFORNIA
"When you go back to your homes. If yon do
go back. I trust you will carry pleasant im
pressions of this great city by the sunset sea,
and have a truer idea of the extent, the great
ness and the glory of our common country, of
which California la an humble, but a devoted
and patriotic part.
Again I bid you welcome, and wish success
to your deliberations and every pleasure for
your .pilgrimage and holiday. ' > '¦
one-half of human happiness, the one Inspiring
the imagination and gladdening the senses, the
other contributing to the comfort and increas
ing the capacity, of man. Cominir from the
East, whose -winters and whose summers are
equally severe, you find in the climate of San
Francisco a physical example of that modera
tion which enters % into the perfect life for
which your society so gallantly strives.
Th« programme' for theEpuorth League Convention meetlngi at the Pavilion, Allinmbra Thea
ter and Metropolitan Temple is to l>e a most interesting: one. It is 'griven herewith in fall:
SUNRISE' PRAYER MEETINGS — 0:^0.
(60) Grace Methodist .Episcopal Church,
Rev. George R. • Stuart, " D.D., Cleveland,
Tenn.
(60) Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
Mrs. Ada. New, Greenfield, Ind.
(60) Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church,
.'Souti, Rev.' E. A. Pearson, B. A., Aurora,
Ont., Canada. ¦ ¦•¦•- •
(60) First Methodist Episcopal' Church,
Oakland, W. H. Fisher, Los Angeles, Cal.
MECHANICS' PAVILION O»OO A. M.
TWENTIETH CENTURY PROBLEMS.
Chairman, Bishop Earl Cranston, D.D.,
LL.D., Portland, Or.
(15) Song service;' J.- M. . Robinson, must- !
cal director. Devotions; Rev. O. E. Watson,
Charleston, S. C. . ,¦«'?'
ADDRESSES. >^-
(15) "The Church' and the Liquor Traffic,"
William H. Anderson, Springfield, 111.
(15) "The Church and tne' Worklngman."
Rev. E. J. Helms, Boston. Mass.
(15) "The Church ami the " Young Man/.'
Rev. T. E. E. Shore, M. A., B.D., Toronto;
Canada.
(15) The Church and the Newspaper,"
Rev. James M. Buckley, D.D., New York
City. '
(15) "Our Imperiled Sabbath," Rev. I. B.
Scott. D.D., New Orleans, La.
(15) "The Institutional Church," Rev.
Ward Beecher Plckard, D.D., Cleveland,
Ohio.
(15) "The Men's Movement," Rev. Fred
erick D. Leete, D.D.. Rochester, N. Y.
ALHAMBRA THEATER— ©tOO A.M.
Chairman, Hon. Nathan Newby, Los An
geles. Cal.
(15) Song service; Isaac E. Blake, musical .
director. Devotions; Rev. J. D. Ellis, De
catur, Ala. y .
ADDRESSES.
(15) "The Church and the Liquor Traffic."
Rev. W. B. Palmore, D.D., St. Louis, Mo.
(15) "The Church 'and the Worklngman."
Rev. G. R. Turk. Toronto. Canada. 3
(15) 'The Church and the Young Man."
Rev. €. E. Patlllo, D.D., St. Louis, Mo. v
(15) "The Church and the Newspaper,"
Rev. E. E. Hobs, D.D.. Nashville, Tenn. V
(15) "Our Imperiled Sabbath," Rev. E. M.
Randall Jr.,- Seattle, -Wash.
(15) "The Institutional Church," Rev.
Matthias S. Kaufiman. .Ph.D.. Fall River, -
Mass. v '¦ .
12 m.— Business Men's Meeting.
(25) Palace ' Hotel court, led by B. L.
r Paine. M.D., Lincoln. Nebr."
(45) Chamber of 'commerce, led by Rev.'
the League— The Work Before Us," Rev. F.
B. Short, Wilmington, Del.
(15) "Our English Bible and How to Use
"It," Rev. A. F. VWatklns, D. D.. Brook
haven, Miss, t V
(15) "Personal Work for Christ." Rev.
j Favette L. ' Thompson, D. D., Jackson, Mich.
. . (15) "Young Laymen as Soul "Winners,"
Rev.. W. A. Cooke, B. A., Cypress River,
Manitoba.
BIECHAXICS' PAVILION Tt45 P. M. ''
MISSIONARY MASS MEETING.
Chairman, Governor A. T. Bliss of Mich
igan.
(15) 'Song service, "W. C. Stadtfeld. musi
cal director. Devotions, Rev. Samuel Plantz,
D.D., Appleton, Wis.
(25) Address". Bishop Henry W. Warren,
D.D..*LL.D., Denver. . Colo.
(25) Address. Rev. John J. Tlgert. LL.D.,
Nashville, Tenn.
(25) Address, Rev. James Henderson,
D.D., Toronto. Canada.
ALHJLMBRA THEATER— 7:45 P. M.
CIVIC RIGHTEOUSNESa
Chairman. Rev. Edmund M. Mills, D.D..
Elmlra. N. Y.
(15) Song service; Isaac E. Blake, musical
director. Devotions, R*v. W. A. Cooke,
B.A., Cypress River, Manitoba.
ADDRESSES.
(20) "The Young Christian as a Cltiten,"
Rev. G. H; . Cobbledtck, B.D., Bothwell,
Ont.; Canada. ¦ x - ..
(20) "Th« City and Its Perils." Rev.
James M. Buckley, D.D., LL.D., New. York
City. :-;>-¦
(20fc,i"rhe Problem of the Poor," Rev. J.
J. N. Kenney. Modesto. Cal.
(20) "Kill .the Saloon," .Rev. M. C
Hawks. D.D.. Detroit. . Mich.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE— -7:45 P. M.
THE CHRIST LIFE IN THE NEW CEN
TURY.
Chairman, Rev. F. P. Culver. D.D., Tus
caloosa, Ala. V
¦ ¦ (15) Song service, J. . M. Robinson, must- .
cal director. Devotions, Rev. J. W. Phelps,
D.D.. Reno, Nev.
(20) "In the Spirit Rather Than in the
Letter," Rev. W. J. Smith. B.A. Toronto,
Canada. .
\(20) "In Practical Benevolence," Rev.
Edward M. Taylor, .D.D.. Cambridge. Mass.
(20) "In Social Relations," Rev. F. T.
Keeney, Auburn, N. Y.
(20) "In Literature," Professor Edwin
Mlms. ' '
..Note — The . figures In parentheses denote
number of minutes allowed for addresses.
, George D. Wolfe, New Albany, Ind.
MECHANICS' PAVILION— 2:30 P. M.
Forward Movements In the Church.
Chairman, Rev.' E. E. Scott, Vancouver,
b. c. , :.; ; -I!/'.' !v> ¦: .-.* ¦ £3 >. ' "
(15) Songr. service," O. M. .Vesper, musical
director. Devotions, - Rev. John Foster, New
Orleans, La.' ¦ • ¦ ' ', ( ->
- ADDRESSES.
(20) "Our English Bible and How to Use
It," Rev. J. \V. Bashford, D. D., Delaware,
Ohio.
(15) "Systematic Benevolence," , Rev. S. R.
Hay, Houston, Texas.
(15) "Missionary Forward Movement in
•the League — Results Achieved," Rev. J. "W.
Baunby, B. A.,. Medicine Hat, Northwest
Territory.
- • (15) "Missionary Forward Movement in
the League— The Work Before Us." •Willis
W. Cooper, Kencsha, Wis.
(15) "Personal Work for Christ," Rev. W.
E. Thompson, Little Rock, Ark.
(15) "Young Laymen as Soul "Winners."
Edward D. Soper, Harrisburg, Pa.
ALHAMBRA THEATER — 2:30 F. M.
Chairman, •William Burdetta Mathews,
. Charleston, W. Va. . , . ;
(15) Sons service, Robert Husband, mu
sjcal director* Devotions, Rev. J. W.
Churchill, Coldwater, Ont., Canada.
« ADDRESSES.
(16) "Systematic Benevolence," Rev. R. B.
Cantlne, D. D., Los Angeles, Cal. '
„ (15) "Missionary Forward Movement la
the Leamie— Results Achieved." Rev.
. Joshua M. Frost, Bangor, Maine.
(15) "Missionary Forward Movement In
the League— The Work Before Us," Rev. P.
L. Cobb. Nashville, Tenn. ¦ .
(15) "Personal "Work for Christ." Rev. C.
T. Scott, B. A., Aylmer, Ont, Canada.
(15) "Young Laymen as Soul Winners," 3
E.' T. Colton. Chicago. 111.
(20) "Our English Bible and How to Um
It." Rev. J. W. Bashford, D. D., Delaware,
Ohio. . \
JIETROPOLITAJf TEMPLE— 2 ISO P. M.
Chairman, Rev. J. E. Moore, D. D., Ean
Francisco, Cal.
(15) Song service, J. J. Morris, musical
director. Devotions, Rev. Ervlne L. Thorpe, *
D.D., Brooklyn, N. T.
ADDRESSES.
, (15) "Systematic Benevolence." Rev. G. S.
. Clendlnnen, 8. T. li, BrockvUle. Ont.,
Canada.
(15) "Missionary Forward Movement In
the League— Results Achieved." Rev.T. A.-
Moore, Hamilton.' Ont.. danada. r
. (15) "Missionary Forward Movement In
TO-DAY'S CONVENTION PROGRAMME
The Rev. Dr. C. F. Reid of Iowa, a mis
sionary who is now on his way to preach
the gospel in the countries of the Orient,
contributed the" closing remarks of the
evening. He selected for his subject
"Methodism of the Twentieth Century."
He enunciated the principles and alma of
the Methodist church and told how It^
field of activity might be greatly -widened.
His remarks were Interrupted with fre
quent applause>
There Is one national funeral that ought to
be celebrated, and that Is the funeral of
bigotry. There would be no mourners and no
eulogy. It should not be burled In the land
but in the sea, ten thousand fathoms deep.
There should be one day set apart in each
year on which the whole human family could
unite In partaking of the Lord's Supper. A day
on which there would be no Catholics and no
Protestants. You may talk about poetry, but
•what idea or thought could be more beautiful
and inspiring than that of the whole human
race uniting In one brotherhood for the ¦worship
of their God?
"Young People'siMovement in the Twen
tieth Century" was the title of a very en
tertaining address which waa made by
the Rev.- Dr. John Coleman of Glens Falls.
N. T. In the course of his remarks he
said:
izations are , those which are backed by
that imperious power." ¦ '. ¦ . -
The speaker devoted his closing' remarks
to the Epworth League, arguing that It Is
exemplary Of denominationalism among
the young people, and that its members
should be encouraged to cherish the mag
nificent inheritance of Methodism.
WORKERS TO WHOSE LABORS
MUCH OP THE SUCCESS OP THE
CONVENTION IS DUE.
2VIEW OF EPWORTH LEAGUERS ENTERING A HOUSE OF, WORSHIP IN WHICH COMMUNION SERVICES AS A
PRELIMINARY TO THE OPENING OF .THE GREAT CONVENTION WERE HELD YESTERDAY, TOGETH
ER WITH A GROUP OF PROMINENT CHRISTIAN WORKERS WHOSE HEARTS ARE IN RIGHT PLACE.
', . V 1 ' ' - CANTON; Ohio, July 16, ipoi.
7~^\R- JOSEPH P. BERRY /International Epworth League Convention; San Francisco: I have
J_^/ much pleasure in sending to the International V- Epzvorth. League j. Convention assembled at San
Francisco my: Hearty congratulations upon' the : good '] work ]the. great '¦¦.body of Christian men and
women which it represents has accomplished- in the past; and my earnest: wish that even greater success
will crown the future efforts of. : the League. ' y . \ » WILLIAM McKINLEY.
OYSTER BAY/N.Y., July 12, ipoi.
Dr. Joseph P. Berry,-. International: Epworth ¦: League^ Convention, San Francisco: Heartiest
greetings, . and may ¦ good 'luck -attend- the - Epworthy. League- in ;. its ¦; efforts .¦: for: social and civic right
eousness.. ,'. ¦ - , : ... .THEODORE' ROOSEVELT.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY SENDS
CHEERING MESSAGE TO LEAGUE
- «
and social distinction of the other. If the lines
still further cross the Atlantic Ocean and go
on to the Bast, the State Is seen to lie in the
latitudes corresponding: to Spain. Italy, the
Mediterranean coasts and the Holy Land. With
the Japanese stream and Alaskan current along
our coast, the trade winds In from the south
west, and the mountains to hold back tha
storms from the Fast, we have the climate of
both the temperate and torrid zones. But what
shall It profit us if we gain. the whole world
and are profligate with our privileges? The
throne of- righteousness is the throne of em
pire. Righteousness tendeth to life. Right
eousness exalteth a nation. California needs
nothing so much to-day as the controlling In
fluence of more righteous men and women.
Now that you are all here, you can do nothing
better for us than to stay. What a crusade it
would be for 30,000 Christian young men and
¦women to build their altars over- against our
worship of Mammon and the god of this world, j
If. you will think of It and stay, we will make
¦your welcome life-long. Itjis more to be de
sired than gold. . Yea. than much fine gold..
enthusiasm. This service la commemor
able. It is not restricted to any denom
ination. Any members from other
churches are cordially invited to partici
pate with us in this service."
The Rev. G. W. Kerby and the Rev. G.
1 R. Turk of Canada rendered "I Shall
Know Him" as a duet with much feeling
after which Dr. Beard made the confes
sion, and the communion was adminis
tered by the Revs. Good sell, Beard and
Shore. - ¦ * -
At the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church Dr. John J. Tigert of Nashville.
Tenn., presided. The entrance to the
church was tastefully decorated in paper
and two large American flags. Streamers
were suspended from the choir loft, and
on the organ pipes hung an Epworth
League badge in colors. The Rev. W. P.
Thirkield, Rev. T. A. Monk, Rev. J.
Young and Rev. Van Anda assisted In the
service, which was simlar to the one at
the Howard-street church. Dr. Tlgert
making- a few earnest remarks on the pur
pose of the gathering:.
Simple yet impressive were the services
held at the First Congregational Church-
There was no sermon or extended musical
programme, but only the presentation of
the solemn ritual service of the Methodist
Episcopal church. Bishop Isaac "W. Joyce,
president of the Epworth League, of
ficiated, and numbers of delegates attend
ed the service in the hope of hearing him
preach, but in this they were disappointed.
In opening the services Bishop Joyce of
fered a fervent prayer for the success of
the great convention and that the delib
erations might be guided by the divins
spirit. In conclusion he invited all the-
Epworth Leaguers, all the Methodists and
all thejjecple of other denominations who
were present to partake of the sacrament
of communion. Almost* 1000 advanced in
turn to the chancel rail and kneeling de
voutly, in accordance with the custom of
the Methodist church, received the sacra
ment of the last supper.
In the services and in administering the
sacrament Bishop Joyce was directly as
sisted by the following clergymen: Rev.
Dr. W. S. Matthew, presiding elder at
Sacramento: Rev. Dr. S. G. Dale, presid
ing elder of the Napa district; R«v Dr.
John Klrby, presiding elder at San Jose;
Rev. Dr. W. A. Spencer of Philadelphia.
Rev. Dr. J. H. N. Williams of Napa, Rev.
Dr. Clodlus Spencer of Kansas City, Rev.
Dr. CM. Griffin of Iowa. Rev. Dr. J. B.
Green of Los Angeles, Rev. C. B. Mitchell
of Minneapolis and Rev. Dr. Thomas Fil
ben of this" city.
The Preliminary Work
Begins by Leading
Officials of League
Continued on Page Nina. __
, This great commonwealth -is no more only a
great 'mining- camp 'whose, uncertain- legends
brought border men with profligate characters
from the Five Points of New York,". the Seven
Dials of London and . the Botany Bay of the
¦ South" Seas-to make : up ¦,' a 'population to be
dreaded and i feared. ¦; Nevertheless,- there were
taken out of the mines In the State last: year
nearly thirty millions of; dollars. But hetero
geneous *as the population, is, • anarchy ha3
given place to stable government , with, peace
able control.. The population > Is rapidly chang
ing. They told me in the Southern Pacific rail
road office .that 21,000. colonists came'- lnto-the
State between the. 18th of 'February and the
30th of April this year. Christian missions will
soon -have . penetrated •¦ to. the ' remotest settle
ments.The Spaniards first - drove out . the In
diana; ' the" Mexicans- then expelled ¦ the ' Span-'
No Longer . to ; Bo . Feared.
somethlng of the 'many things the many coun
ties have brought to you . in ; their . wonderful
exhibit. ' And please- remember that' we have
the. Golden (Gate, and it is over our highways
the ransomed of the Lord will return'and come
to, Zion-. with songs, and, everlasting joy upon
their- heads. • > *.'¦.•; - •• - •¦ - .-¦ :
: The first missionary. . who established the
Methodist .Episcopal Church In this city, and
¦planted It In many of the surrounding towns. Is
now the venerated Bishop of Africa, William
Taylor. -who is still living in Palo Alto and
whose, sun: will go down In a' clear sky. The
Presbyterians had founded their mission a few
months .before he came. Both the Methodist
and Presbyterian churches have gained greatly
: "on the- standing order" of Roman Catholics
whom' they ¦-, found so firmly .' established, here.
There were more Presbyterian church organiza
tions ..than? Roman Catholic in California, ac
cording to the census of 1890, and there were
more . than '¦ twice . as many Methodist aa Pres-
lards; the pioneers the Mexicans; the first set
tlers the . pioneers, and the Immigrants from
the .'Eastern' States with immigrants from
abroad are , fast taking the place of the first
settlers. Nearly one-half of the population
isrborniof foreign parentage or mixed with
foreign, and every nationality almost is to be
found 'in -the State. There are not more than
a .thousand Spanish people left among us, but
there are nearly, or quite, ten thousand Mexi
cans..',. There are more than fifteen thousand
Indians. -iThere are seventy-five thousand Chi
nese./ one-third of whim are in San Francisco.
You will not. take the tlme, ; I'know,. to-flnd
all the rapturous welcome California can give
you.' Go,' then,- into 'the" galleries -and' see
You will not ; all . go to the Yosemlte, % that
large grizzly bear .of the Sierras, where the
river • leaps . 2000 • feet - over the ¦ shoulder of the
mountain. But you have come v to -California
Just when the great valley 'has -been solemnly
dedicated by the death of /one of 4 lts. worship
ers. How fitting' that Joseph Le Conte.-. high
priest of its trees and Its rocks; should betake
himself there to lie down and. die , , , • -
cific Railroad, is a station called Trout Creek,'
which excites '.the aspiration of every disciple
of Izaak Walton who comes or. goes that way.
But at the ¦ western end of the station Is a
large white board 'on which is printed in black
letters, "Fifty Miles From Hope." ¦ I had never
been able to get that notion out 6t. my mind
until I- was induced by the . chairman of. your
committee to go with, him last "month' to, the
Klamath Hot Springs and Shovel Creek. I
will not speak of myself, but I saw this.chair
man come out of the brook— where he had been
only forty minutesby the watch— with, twenty
two pounds of. rainbow trout; three of the fish
together weighed ¦ ten pounds. Come to ¦ Cali
fornia and go a-flshlng. • , : ' ; ' - . ¦ '
The old-fashioned homestead
Where I dreamed my dream of dreams.
Well, you are In California, Have you all
ifcandoned your Imaginations yet? Have you
vividly realized all you expected before you
i :ame! I trow not. The country is far from
finished, but it Is no longer a mere strip of
orean-dunes and sandbanks with an uninvit
ing background of barren rocks and inacces
sible mountains at which the Spaniards flung
are the latest m«*s6engers from the old homes.
Are we not glad to see you? Did not the
bowels of Joseph yearn upon his brother? He
sought where to weep. He commanded the
steward of his house, eaying: "Fill the men's
eacks with food; as much as they can carry."
We all wish we could put every one's money
in his sack's mouth. I see yonder the men
and woiaen of Massachusetts. Many of you
have come from Boston, as Emerson eaid,
"That darling town of ours": some o£ you
have come from "the old Granite State"
where "the hills"— but not the mountains— are
"so lofty, magnificent and great." I «ee some
of the Van Twillers from the Knickerbocker
State; "the Pennpylvany Dutch"; eome of you
are from "the Eastern Sho' "; a few of the
*'F. F. V.'s" are here from "Ole Vlrginy";
, and you might as well admit It. there is "a
lot of Georrfa Crackers." I know there arc
pome here from "Tenn-e-see." How many are
Wolverines. Badgers, Buckeyes. Hoosiers, Suck
ers and all the rest 1 do not know? You are
all come from the
Home that our feet may leave, but not our
hearts.
What a meeting of the dans -there will be!
There win be many an hour for reminiscence
which is not put down on the ! programme.
There will be n-.any Inquiries by thexld'Call
fornlans for some word from —
hyterlan. . There were 18.934 Presbyterian com
municants; 36,874 Methodist. The total poula
tlon of 'the, Roman Catholics was 157.346, or
abouf one-eighth of the population of the State.
The population of the Methodists was 129,059.
These figures will be 1 greatly modified when
the census which was recently taken Is re
ported. . • ; ' '¦ .
In the Eyes of the "World. *
California is neither at the world's end.
where it costs a fortune to go. nor hidden from
the world's view, so that nothing can be seen
of what it may. say -or, do. It Is more in the
eye of. all the people to-day than any other
political State east or ' west, north or south,,
the earth ; over. .... - .-. ; ¦
"Westward' the course of empire takes Its
,way." The. first great drama was acted upon
the waters of .the Mediterranean; for 400 years
the play has been .upon the Atlantic Ocean:
time "shall close the drama with the day" on
the Pacific- California has the vantage ground
of the . world.' The : lines of our latitude when
stretched across the continent include the At
lantic coast from Boston to Charleston. We
may. hope some day to have the character and
culture of the one with the pride of ancestry
THE preliminary, communion serv
ices of the Kpworth League were
he4d in the Howard-street and
Central M. E. churches and the
First Congregational Church yes
terday morning 1 . They were very
lightly attended, not more than
six cr seven hundred participating In the
three combined. Being strictly of a re
ligious nature, the public apparently took
little interest in them.
The Howard-street Church was taste
fully decorated with red, yellow and white
paper festooned around the galleries, ceil
ing and organ loft, with Epworth League
flags on the stations. The congregation
began gathering early and fifteen minutes
before the hour set for the service began
singing familiar songs. . Rev. J. A. B. "Wil
son took charge and a testimony meeting
followed.
"When Rev. A. C/ Crews, general secre
tary of Canada, announced the opening
song, "Rock of Ages," at ten minutes
past the hour, the edifice was about half
filled. Rev. Mr. Wilson followed with
prayer, and the audience sang "Alas, and
did my Savior bleed and did my Sovereign
die." Mr. Crews then said:
"I am not sorry that there Is not a
crowd here this morning. I like this quiet
hour with a few faithful ones. We will
have plenty of big meetings . with great
Praise Services at the
Many Churches Are
Very Well Attended
COMMUNION
AT CHURCH
Do you care for the rhapsodies, which Oliver
Wendell Holmes said "sound like fugues played
on a big organ which has been struck by light
ning?" Go, then, where you can hear the wind
and cataract roar through the mountain canyon
But If you prefer, take with you the rod and
line. Talk about fishing in Maine! I would
like the Maine delegation to go with me Into
the northern mountains. Blx or seven hundred
miles east of Portland, on j the Northern Pa-
If you ha\-e been disappointed, go to Hum
boldt County. You will travel 200 or 300 miles
on the Pacific Ocean to get there. But it is
worth all the cost of the voyage in seasickness
and money to stand for an hour in the un
broken forest a hundred miles long and twelve
miles wide of redwood trees where one can
find retirement which is absolute solitude. I
went with the woodmen to select the standing
tree, the ' first ' cut' of which made that sixty
foot booth in the corridor over there. I stood
beside a single giant which tourists have never
vet gone to see, when Byron's tribute to Mont
Blanc was Instantly paraphrased In my mind:
Sequoia, monarch of trees, - -
On a throne of mountains and snow
They crowned him beside the sea
A thousand years ago. ,
Advice to. Visiting* Leaguers.
"In futures" in California. I visited a grove
In the southern part of the State whose oranges
from a single acre netted the owner $500—
enough money to b«lld him a house. No man
can gather cherries In New England at the
season of Easter, and find other fruits as de
licious in December -as in May.
Its name as an epithet with contumely. Before
you go away, go and see where the mountains
store up the waters in the snow which make
the deserts to blossom, the corn and wheat and
fruit to grow, whenever and wherever the ir
rigating waters flow. I worshiped on Easter
morning in a little church over yonder on the
plain where the people brought from their gar
dens and banked about the altar and pulpit
and wall of the building more than a thousand
calla lilies. Down the valley is an orchard
whose apples were sold for $15,000 before | the
trees were In bloom. Some person has faith
E F. Cplton. chairman; Mr. Wheeler, Rhode
Island; Rev. E. I». Thorpe, New York; Rev. J.
M. Frost, Maine; G. R. Lacke, New Hampshire;
Miss Virginia Swoonstedt, OWo; William C. H.
Palmer. Indiana; Rev. C. L. Mead, New Jer
sey; Mr. Davenport and Addie Wardler, Illi
nois; Rev. M. Keith, Iowa; Miss Alice Haugh,
Michigan; C. W. Jaggard, Kansas; Miss
Blanchard, MIfs Washington and Miss Maggie
V. Smith. Montana: Rev. M. Lovejoy, Mr. Don
oly, Miss Bean and Mr. Soafborrow, Alabama;
E. L. Le Fetra (D.C.) and Rev. J. G. Penn,
Georgia; A. J. Rich, Wisconsin; Rev. M.
Matthews, West Virginia: Rev. George Barnes.
Iowa; Rev. J. H. Wood. Washington; Rev.
Perry Puce, Missouri, and C. A. Richardson,
California.
conditions of the missionary work in
Canada.
At a result of the conference it was de
cided to hold a general meeting of all the
delegates interested in missionary work
to-morrow morning in the main hall of
the Pavilion. The committee appointed is
as follows:
General Meeting of
League Delegates to
Be Held To-Morrow
Continued . Page Two.
OPENING SESSION OF CONVENTION
THE presiding elders and all the
other members of the Epworth
League who are interested in
missionary work held a special
conference yesterday afternoon in
the art gallery of the Pavilion.
Although the meeting was essen
tially preliminary, considerable was ac
complished and plans were laid fcr arous
ing the delegates io more enthusiastic
support of the foreign and domestic mis
eIo.is.
W. W. Cooper called the conference to
order and said that mission work was the
primary aim of the Epworth League. Rev.
Dr. H. M. Du Bose, general secretary of
the Epworth League of the M. E. Church
Bouth. and Rev. Dr. Joseph F. Berry,
general secretary of the Epworth League,
delivered short addresses in which they
explained the necessity for increased ef
forts in the missionary field. Dr. Berry
presented an official statement from the
cabinet of officer.* to the effect that the
coming year has been specially conse
crated to missionary work. In this en
deavor, during that period, it is the inten
tion of the league to utilize all available
energy.
Dr. A. C. Crewp general secretary of the
Canadian Epworth League, also made a
short ppeech in which he explained the
Leaguers Confer on
Missionary Work
Presiding Elders and
DELEGATES
FORM PLANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.
DELEGATES TO LEAGUE CONVENTION ATTEND PRAISE
SERVICES IN THREE PRINCIPAL HOUSES OF WORSHIP
3marksman's nerve and he followed with
two bullseyes for his last two shots. Then
pandemonium broke loose and stayed at
large for the day. . .
BUT THREE BULLETS
MISS TARGET'S "BLACK."
Of Strecker's 200 shots, 146 were within
three inches of the center, or "needle
point," of the target. Of this 146, sixty
one were within one and a half inches of
"r-eedle point"; fifty-one more bullets
struck within six inches "of the center.
The three shots that went wild, so far as
results were concerned, struck -within half
an inch of the "black," or within six and a
half Inches of the center.
"I am glad," Strecker said afterward,
"that I was able to do so much to. dem
onstrate the prowess of California marks
men. If it be my fortune to win the hon
ored title of shooting king I would not
surrender it- for a present of the finest
he me on Asbury Heights. I am a poor
man, but money would not tempt me to
part with the honor." ..•- ...
"Strecker is king," F. C. Ross, king of
the first National Schuetzenfest .and a
royal good fellow, said. "No one expects
his wonderful score to be beaten. It was
a great exhibition, and none of the East
ern cracks hope now to win the crown.
American marksmen lead the world," and
Callfornians lead America. The conditions
are right for it here. Your atmosphere
is superb for shooting. Opportunities for
practice here are most favorable also.
You have an open Sunday, and men of
moderate means are able to go to the
ranges on that day. In consequence you
have ten active marksmen to our one,
though our Schuetzen clubs have a much
larger membership. Again, we have to
shoot through "port holes" located thirty
feet from the targets. These port holes
are about six inches wide by twenty
inches high. The object of this arrange
ment is to prevent stray bullets doing
damage in adjacent houses. Here your
shooting ranges are remote and the tar
get is open, affording better practice. But,
however attained, results count, and
Strecker has done a wonderful. thing."
MOST WONDERFUL FEAT
OF ALL COMPETITIONS
"Those who watched Strecker's shoot-
fest, but Fred C. Ross won the honors of
the festival. In 1897 Strecker won first
prize at the man target, scoring 97 out of
a possible 100, and a week later he repeat
ed the performance in New York.
Strecker has won numerous honors at
tournaments all over the country and has
been king of the California Schuetzen.
Club mere than fifteen times. He consid
ers ' his very best performance was
achieved at San Rafael' ten years ago,
when he flred 235 shots without missing a
12-inch "black." His score of points, how
ever, was much less than that of his
latest feat.
MANY PEOPLE ENJOY
INTERNATIONAL DAY
Yesterday was International day. Hon.
Adolph Rosenthal, 'Consul General of the
German empire, and. Consuls of other na
tions visited the park and range. They
were received by President Kuhls and the
officers of the National Bund.
Fifteen members of the Colorado dele
gation were the guests of President Kuhls
at lunch yesterday. Captain Kuhls, on
behalf of the federation, bade the Colo
radoans a hearty welcome and praised
them for sending . so numerous a delega
tion and for their good shooting. Re^
sponses were made by C. J. Barnes of
Rifle, M.Jacobson of Denver, W. W.Yea
ger of Pueblo. M. C. Ramsey of Grand
Junction and J. C. Hudelson of Trinidad.
The Coloradoans shoot well and will cap
ture some valuable prizes.
Emll Bergman of Hoboken, N. Y.,
scored 77 on the man target yesterday,
which will entftle him to one of the top
prizes. . -- ,--¦
KING HAYES SHOOTS ... ¦ .
BUT MAKES SMALL SCORE
King Hayes shot a number of rounds at
the various targets yesterday, but failed
to make a score in keeping with his rec
ord. He has not been able to round into
form . during . this festival, and in no in
stance did he make a score that would
entitle him to a place among the top
notchers against whom he was pitted.
His best score yesterday was 19. 25, 18, on
the honorary target. He was beaten by
four points by President Kuhls of the
ing," H. M. Pope said, "saw the most re
markable shooting of any tournament. It
was wonderful, superb, and the rifle with
five little holes in the end of the barrel
showed itself to be about right."
"That record will stand for years," Cap
tain F. A. Kuhls, president of the Na
tional Schuetzen Bund, said, i "This Is a
proud day for us. The Third National
Schuetzenfest will live in history because
of Strecker's remarkable scores." -
•Charles Zlnkand offered to bet $100 even
that no other marksmen would score
within 20 points of the "mark set by
Strecker.
Adolph Strecker first came into,promi
nence as a marksman in 1874 at Baltimore,
when he was but 22 years old. In six days'
shooting at a four-inch target he made
the most bullseyes and was proclaimed
king of American -riflemen. - His ¦> nearest
competitor was .William* Hayes of New
ark, then 27 years old, who won the title
of king three .years- ago- at New York,
and who *is. here shooting at the Shell
Mound ranges in defense of that title.
Strecker and Hayes met again in \ New
York in 1895 at the first National Bundes-
THE 'CALIFORNIA MARKSMAN
WHO BROKE THE WORLD'S
* RECORD YESTERDAY.
Physicians . sometimes enable men to
postpone the payment of the debt of na
ture. - ¦. , • • •
Philippine Troops Assigned.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— Orders issued
by the War Department assign the Twen
ty-ninth and Thirtieth ' companies, Artll="
lery Corps, to the Department of Califor
-¦¦¦:.¦¦'¦ . / '-
Two Day Excursions tc Palo Alto, San
Jose, Del Monte, Monterey and
Pacific Grove.
Leave Monday, Tuesday. Thursday, Fri
day next week. Round trip, Epworth
Leaguers and friends, ?8.5O, Including ho
tels and Seventeen-mile Drive at Del
Monte. Southern Pacific offices, 613 Mar
ket street. Third and Townsend ¦treeta,
Valencia street and Mechanics' Pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW . YORK, July 18.— It was reported
in well informed quarters to-day that Ed
win Hawley, assistant traffic manager
and director of the Southern" Pacific Rail-
Will Sever Connection
With the Southern ;
Pacific.
EDWIN HAWLEY
SOON TO RESIGN
nia and the Thirty-second and Thirty
third companies to the Department of the
Columbia.- . These troops have just arrived
at San Francisco on the Indiana from
service in the Philippines. .
PIERRE LORILLARD'S WILL
ADMITTED TO PROBATE
Bulk of the Large Estate Is Left in
Trust and Is Not to Be
!;£*.%* Divided.
TRENTON, N. J.. July 18.— The will of
the late Pierre Lorillard was submitted to
probate to-day by Chancellor Magie with
out opposition. Mr.Lorillard's stock farm
in Burlington County, New Jersey, to
gether with the livestock there and the
horses training in England and elsewhere,
goes to "Lillian M. Barnes, also known- as
Llllien Alliene," who also receives the car
riages, furniture, bric-a-brac, etc., of the
establishment. The rest of the estate is
left in trust and is not to be divided until
after the death of the -three children of
the testator. Pierre Lorillard Jr.. Mrs. T
Suffern Taylor and Mrs. William Kent.
Field Cornets Humann and Oliver have
been killed in the Orange River Colony."
The War Office issued late to-night a
dispatch from Lord Kitchener giving the
correspondence between Mr. Reitz and
Mr. Steyn that was captured with the
latter's baggage near Lindley, July 1L
Mr. Reitz, under date of May 10, wrote
Mr. Steyn that a meeting of the Trans
vaal Government had been held, attended
by General Botha, General Viljoen and
Mr. Smutz, to consider the national situa
tion. He went on to catalogue the diffi
culties—the numerous surrenders of bur
ghers entailing a heavy responsibility on
the Government, the rapidly decreasing
supply of ammunition, the disintegration
of the Government and the lack of any
definite assurances of European interven
tion. . ¦ - * •
"In view of these facts," he said, "the
Government has decided to address : a
message to President Kruger, pointing
out the terrible conditions. The time has
passed for us to let matters remain as at
present We must take a final step."
Mr. Steyn, replying May 20, upbraids
Mr. Reltz with weak-heartedness, saying:
"Thera is still sufficient ammunition to
continue the struggle. You ask what
road, will sever his connection, with the
road, with which he has been connected
so long, and. that he : will ..soon assume
active direction of the affairs of the Min
neapolis and St. Louis and the Iowa Cen
tral. Both these roads have, now their
main offices located in the same suite of
rooms in. the. Broad Exchange building,
and an adjoining office is now being fitted
up for Mr. Hawley and one for H. E.
Huntinston. •
It was said to-day that Mr. Hawley's
resignation was to be tendered at the
meeting of the Southern Pacific directors
held to-day, but Chairman Tweed said
that this report was incorrect.' At the
office of the Iowa Central it was said that
Mr. Hawley's friends believed he -would
soon sever his connection with the South
ern Pacific to devote his entire time to
the duties of president of the Minneapolis
and St. Louis, a position. he has held for
several years. . ..-,¦•-
prospect there Is for a successful termin
ation. I ask what chance was there for
two small republics when they declared
war against the" mighty power of Great
Britain? You will answer that we trusted,
in' God and in foreign Intervention. What
reason is there now to place lass trust in
God?
"I have seen recent European newspa
pers and I firmly believe that complica
tions will occur in Europe in the course
of a few months which . will secure our
good fortune."
Mr. Steyn also says the fact that Mr.
Kruger and the Boer delegates remain in
Europe convinces him that they consider
the case not beyond • hope. . He adds that
he has summoned • General Dewet -andi
urges Mr. Reitz to take no steps until he
has heard further from him.
. JOHANNESBURG, July 18.— In the
course of an inquiry conducted under oath
here to-day various non-commissioned of
ficers and men of the British army con
firmed the statement that the Boers shot
the British wounded at .Vlakfonteln. .""--..
"ELANDSFONTEIN, July 18.— Captain
Charles Botha, son of. Philip Botha, and
LONDON, July 18.— Lord . Kitchener,
commanding the British forces in South
Africa, reports to the War Office as fol
lows:
Kitchener Reports the
Killing of Three Boer
Officers.
ON the fifth day of the Schuetzen
fest a new claimant of regal
honors gave signal proof of 'his
prowess at the ranee, and there
are none who have the hardi
hood to deny him the crown.
Adolph Strecker. a Callfornian. a San
Franciscan, has broken all records at the
king target and he will be "Schuetzen
Koenig" of the Third National Bundes
fest, unless by miraculous marksmanship
some other contestant snatches the honor
from him.
It Is not at every shooting festival that a
world's record is broken. Never before
has a Californian proved himself to be
the premier marksman of the world, and
Callfornians were not slow to recognize
the worth of the man whose steadiness of
.nerve and muscle and keenness of eye
eclipsed the greatest feats of the sharp
shooters of all ages. The Eastern crack
shots bend the knee to him and join in
the acclaim which greets the new shoot
ing- king wherever he appears. For while
Strecker is still uncrowned there is
scarcely a chance that any one will sur
pass his record and take the honors of
the tournament from him.
Strecker completed his 200 shots at the
king target at 9:30 a. m. yesterday. His
total of points scored was 394— so far be
yond previous achievements that all
marksmen characterize his shooting as
marvelous. European records are left far
behind and so high a mark is set by the
California rifleman that experts sav it
will not be excelled within fifty years.
William Hayes of Newark won the title
of shooting king fn 1898 by a total of 373
points, or twenty-one fewer than Strecker
made fn the achievement which he com
pleted yesterday. And Hayes' shooting
was hailed as the greatest the world had
seen. Three years prior to that, in the
first national Schuetzenfest, F. C. Ross
won kingly honors by a total of 37L
RED-LETTER DAY FOR
CALIFORNIA MARKSMEN
Not even under less strenuous condl-
CAPTAIN BOTHA
DIES IN BATTLE
National ¦ Shooting Bund, who scored 22,
23,21. ¦; ; ¦¦/. ¦-¦•¦: : . iv?. ' '-.• ¦''•"•
SILVER ' CUPS , PRESENTED
TO, POPULAR MARKSMEN
One of the prettiest features of the day
was the presentation of a festival cup to
Edward Goetze by -President Kuhls. -The
presentation was made in the-presence of
a number of friends of the popular-lieu
tenant. A' neat little speech, was made by
President Kuhls. as he handed the silver
token to the marksman who had won it
by scoring more than 300 points. ' It was
filled immediately with foaming, sparkling
wine and passed to the friends of -the win
ner of the cup. It-was filled and emptied
several times before it was given back to
the marksman whose skill .had enabled
him to thus add a pretty touch of senti
ment to the schuetzen festival.
Fred Bushnell also won a cup yesterday
at the butts. He scored more than 300
points on the standard target and was
presented with one of the handsome silver
goblets. %
Al Lehrke, who has been one of the
steady shooters since the opening of the
fest, made the last bullseye of the day.
While he has not made a brilliant score,
his shooting has given him rank among
those who are called "cracks."
The best . shot on the bear target yes
teurday was made by C. Leighton of Los
Angeles. He scored 12 out of a possible
18 points.
BELKNAP AND RODGERS
TIE ON PTJBLIC r TARGET
F. W. Belknap of Los Angeles shot 74
on .the public point target yesterday, and
for a time was looked upon as one of the
big winners of the festival. His score of
24—25—25 out of a possible 75 was an ex
ceptionally good one. and few of the
marksmen figured that it would be
equaled, s Congratulations were" showered
upon him," and he opened several bottles
of Rhine wine on the strength of his
shooting. It was while helping several
friends to" dispose of a few quarts of the
German exhilarator that he received word
that his score had been tied ' by Dr. L.
O. Rodgers of the Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club. Dr. Rodgers and Belk
nap were close friends, and the news that
.he , had been removed from the sharp
shooters' by Dr. Rodgers gave
him. no displeasure. He relinquished hia
seat of honor" to Dr.' Rodgers in a~courtly
manner, and wished ' the genial medico
all success in the trial for supremacy
which" the tied- score necessitated;.
The best scores- on the honorary -target
yesterday -were: Dr. Lee O. Rodger-a, 65:
J. H". Dean.- Denver. Colo.. 63; Louis
Bendel. 63; W. W. Hayes, Zettler Rifla
Club of New York, 62: J. F. Bridges, 62;
John Wolbcke, 62; Otto Bremer. 61: A.
Marquis, Los Angeles. 59; Captain Lud?
wig Siebe. 56; L. C. Babin, 56.
The following won prizes yesterday:
First bullseye, F. P. Shuster; last bulls
eye. A. Lehrke.
Silver cup— H. M. Pope, Massachusetts;
H. H. Uskotter. Cincinnati; F. S. Speth.
Cincinnati: W. H. French. Colorado: A.
Marquis, Los Angeles: C. A. Leighton; Los
Angeles; George Keffel. San Jose;. F. P.
Schuster, San Francisco.
Gold medals— F. Mathle. "Wisconsin:
Emil Berg, Davenport, Iowa: R. Gute,
New York; T. J. Malana. Chicago: T. D.
East, Colorado; L. P. Hansen. Jersey
City; J. Meyer. Sacramento; F. N. Scho
field, San Diego; Dr. M. E. Taber. Los
Angeles; Herman Huber, D. W. Me-
Laughlin, W. E. Doell. A. Breuss. H.
Wicker. H. Hellberg, G. J. Carroll. F.
Beeckman, K. Wertheimer. all of San
Francisco.
Silver medals— O. Bermeister, Adolph
Strecker, Major Falkenburg, John Brug
ger J. Jones. H. Enge, C. A. Scharfer.
J. C. Hudelson, Carl Gut. L. Thierbach,
L. Vogel. P. R. Schumacher. A. L. Ott.
C. Ott, F. P. Schuster, F. W. Belknap.
H. Eckhard. T. Blnner. W. Straub. H. T.
Schumacher W. Hasenzahl. M. Glndele,
F., Kuhls. H. Hlnkel, F. H. Bangs, C. J;
Barnes, A. W. Lehrke. S. Grounstine.
Highest scores for the day on the dif
ferent targets: Man target— E. Berk
mann, rsew York, 77. Ring target— Dr. Lee
O. Rodgers, San Francisco. 74; F. W.
Belknap. Los Angeles. 74. Standard tar
get— L. P. Stell, Pittsburg. 47. Bear tar
get. C. A. Leighton, Los Angeles. 12. -
To-day is ladies' day, and will be de
voted to receiving the ladies who accom
pany the visiting sharpshooters from all
parts of the Union. The ladles of the
festival committee will also tender a ban
quet to the representatives of the press.
In the afternoon a concert will be given
by Ritzau's American ladles' orchestra,
and a dance will be had In the pavilion.
In the evening a ball and fireworks will
be had, and the park will be illuminated.
An annuity of $o0,000 is left to Mrs. Pierre
Lorillard, the widow. Provision Is next
made for the two sons of Pierre Lorillard
/^P 1 *^ 1 " 6 Lollard III and Griswold
Lorillard— to whom la given one-fifth of
the entire estate. No statement was made
as to the value of the estate, but It is
f/££ r ™ y understo °<* to be In excess of
Young "Woman Commits Suicide.
TUBA CITY, July 18.— Martha Hart, a
woman 21 years old, committed suicide
early this morning by drinking carbolic
acid. She wasan orphan and had beea
despondent for several days.
tlons, with less In honor and prizes at
stake and less of excitement to unnerve
the contestant, has Strecker's feat ever
been approached.
It was a great day at Shell Mound Park,
and It will live always In the memory of
the marksmen who were so fortunate as
to be present. ¦ More than the usual num
ber of sharpshooters wore present, and as
Strecker drew nearer to the two hun
dredth shot every one of them grave over
individual efforts and watched breath
lessly as the peerless marksman scored
centers and bullseyes one after the other.
And when the last shot had been fired
and the full Import of it all dawned upon
Strecker'* local admirers and the visitors
from the Bast, the ranges rang with
cheers and the crowd gave way to. wild
enthusiasm such as had never before been
seen at a Schuetzenfest in the New World.
For the remainder of the day there was
but -one toast, "Zum neuen Schuetzen
Koenig,"-and that was drank numberless
times in the rarest of . Rhine wines and
the dryest of champagnes. The re
mainder of the day was a celebration —
for all but the marksmen who kept dog
gedly to their work. With hope low • in
their breasts, but with prim determination
they did their best, though the crown of
the shooting king seemed no longer among
things attainable.
Strecker began shooting at half past 8
o'clock. He had already flred 160 shots of
his 200, and was only six points below the
"bullseye average," as marksmen put it.
He had slept but three hours, so great
was the nervous strain upon him, and he
began the day with the fear that his
nerve would fail him. But he warmed up
to the work and soon he was oblivious of
all surroundings . and as calm and steady
of nerve as if it were only practice shoot
ing. He shot steadily and rapidly, and
within less than an hour he started upon
his last ten shots. He scored seven bulls
eyes in succession, and then something
happened. - .
"The strain became unbearable," said
.Strecker afterwards, "and from pure nerv
ousness I saw the bead of my rifle double.
I knew I ought to wait, but I had to make
an end of the agony. So I picked one of
the beads and fired. A miss— I had picked
the phantom bead, and the bullet went
wide of the black."
1 But the error served to steady the
HAIL!. HAIL! The king has come." This was heard on
every side yesterday at Shell Mound as Adolph Strtck
er passed in and out of the shooting boxes. Not yet
.vested with authority nor king b>' right he is the man of the
hour on the Shell Mound ranges. His scores shattered into
bits everything that has ever been done on the point target
here or anywhere. Of course there is a possibility that some
greater shooter may be developed before the Third National
Bundes Festival is a thing of the past, but there are no men in
Shell Mound these days with a liking for the short end of three
to one bets that he will not be produced. Strecker's score of
394 points stands by itself and will make him famous through
out the land and in the country across the water where native
Germans shoot as if it were their religion. King Hayes is not
yet dead, but his shooting life blood is oozing out of his veins
every minute. His body is not yet cold, but the populace is
shouting "King Hayes is dead! Long live King Strecker."
"THE KING IS DEAD
LONG LIVE THE KING"
THE contest for final honors on the ranges is narrowing
down. It' is no longer the East against the West, for the
West is capturing prize after prize in unremitting fashion.
Withvthe kingship practically settled and imposed, the inter
est "¦'. has switched from tHat point to the honorary target.
In the glass cases the fierce rifle battles from which no casual
ties result will furnish the sport for spectators and participants.
.Good shooting is so common at Shell Mound that 'even extra
| ordinary; scores go for nothing. Only the miraculous is of any
consequence. These men, local and Easterners, are showing
. what'. it'is;to have .hairbreadth sights and iron nerves. There is
/a feverish, nervous atmosphere in the shooting section, and con
rviviality "is being postponed until the close of the festival.
'From; now on it will be bitter, crackling, fire-splitting business.
LESS OF CONVIVIALITY
AND MORE INTENSE WORK
STRECKER BEATS BEST RECORDS
OF WORLD'S GREATEST RIFLEMEN
Peerless California Marksman Completes a
Score Which None 'Dare Hope to Equal and
Which May Make Him the Honored King
¦ • ¦ ¦-,.:- .•-....¦ s ... * , - •¦.!,- •-", • ¦¦•v»" • - ' ¦' -
T5B SAN FKANO1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUZjT 19, "1901.
4"SCENES IN THE LEAGUE OF
THE CROSS CADETS' CAMP AT
NAPA.
TX)NDON, July 18.— George Herrick, for
merly of New York, one- of the oldest
members of the American colony, was
found dead in bed to-day. He had lived
here for twenty years. Mr. Herrick was
a connection of Senator Hanna.
Found. Dead in Bed.
>
SEATTLE, July 18.— Marked with the
scars of many battles with the Ice In
northern waters, with one of her plates
on her port bow stove In by the treach
erous masses, and after an absence of
fifty days, the ] steamer Roanoke— the
famous treasure ship of the. north — under
the command ' of Captain H. P. Weaver,
arrived in port at noon to-day, with . over
$1,000,000 in gold on board and'slxty pas
sengers. /
It was four years ago that this same
ship arrived in. Seattle from St. Michael
with treasure on board which set the
world afire and started a stampede for the
gold diggings which must forever -stand
unequaled- In the ¦ history of the world.
Nome was not even thought s of at that
time and the treasure was obtained from
the interior of Alaska. As it was then,
so it- is to-day, for the mines of the In
terior'continue to contribute their yellow
treasure to the marts of .the world, while
a backward season prevents any fair es
timate being inade of . the wealth of the
newer country. - ,
The Roanoke - left Seattle on her first
voyage north -for the present season j on
the morning of May 30, and arrived at
Nome July. 16, being the fourth. vessel to
reach that port this year. Rainstorms
and squalls and occasional hailstorms be
set the vessel on her, northern trip. Dutch
Harbor was reached June 7, and the first
ice was met with fonr days later. All the
afternoon and evening of June 11 the ves
sel did battle with the floating ice, and
at 10:30 p. m. a hole was stove in the port
bow. Fortunately the leak was slight and
temporary repairs were speedily made,
the vessel proceeding on her way.
Vessel Stopped by Ice.
June 14 was spent in' drifting with the
ice-floes, and seldom did; the speed attain
two knots an hour. Nome was reached
on June 16, and from that. date until July
3 the steamer was icebound in Norton
Bay. ¦ '¦ \. ' ¦ ; '
The Roanoke left St. Michael on July-5
on her homeward voyage, with sixty pas
sengers and $1,000,000 in gold. Most of the
passengers were from Nome, while fifteen
of them are from the lower Yukon points:
The treasure was consigned to the North
American Trading and Transportation
Company, and nearly $3,500,000 was left at
St. Michael for future shipment. When
the Roanoke left- St. Michael there was a
great rush -from all interior j points for.
Nome, and all down-river streams were
crowded. .The- "steamer Santa: Ana,' the
Government trarsport "Warren, the steam
ers St. Paul, Conemaugh, Buckingham
and'Sewardvwere all In port at " St. Mi
chael. There" were, also the barges Eric
and Ontario; which arrived in tow of the
tug Holyoke July 4.. The steam whalers
Belvedere,- Karluk and Jennie were at an
chor in the harbor. , '•"¦ |
Other vessels. reported by the Roanoke
were, the steamship Charles- D. Lane,
which sailed from St. Michael for Seattle
by way of Teller City on the same day
the Roanoke departed; the Nome City,
which arrived at Nome on July 7: the Jen
nie at Dutch Harbor on: the. way to Seat
tle and the revenue cutter Grant and the
whaler Fearless. . • .
The remains of Charles W. Young, who
died at Nome last October, were brought
to Seattle, whence they will be shipped to
the home of the deceased in Michigan. . P.
Harris, a whaler, who boarded the Roa
noke at St. Michael and was on his, way
to. the Marine Hospital at San Francisco,
died at sea of, heart disease on the morn
ing of July 11;- and the body. was. interred
at the Unalaska-c^'metery-.when • the * xeB
selrea'chedrtba*ijK>rJ;::*^>*-- ; .t' ¦¦'¦ r *
"The Roanoke^Brdught.fUll -particulars, of.
the "flood on rFish' River,: which occurred
on June 15, causing a loss of: over $50,000.
The flood swept i down Fish' River, "de
molishing buildings, sw«eping- away stores
and houses and carrying general devasta
tion in its wake; The damage was almost
entirely confined to Council City and
when the Roanoke departed from Nome,
Council City was said to be in ruins. Only
one house in the whole town was left
standing. "Most of the buildings at Coun
cil City were located on the flat.
On June 17 at midnight the ice broke,
and sweeping over the flat, destroyed
every structure but the Dauntless Hotel,
owned by Joe Dexter. • That was saved by
a heavy log cabin, the property of Harry
Koetz, and although the cabin was de
molished it turned the ice and thus saved
the- Dauntless. The 'North American
Transportation and Trading Company
buildings were located on the flat and all
were demolished and about ten tons of
freight damaged. The people are living
in tents on the hills.
Details Furnished of the De
struction of Council
City.
Treasure Ship Roanoke
•Arrives From Arc
tic Shores.
BRINGS MILLION
IN GOLDEN DUST
tenant Sears. Lieutenant Curtain, Lieu
tenant Mark McCann and Lieutenant Wil
liam Beasley.
Early this evening- the regiment had a
dress parade in town. The entire com
mand was attired in white duck trousers
and made a fine aopearance. The streets
were crowded with the residents of Napa
aad vicinity. Colonel McGloin command
ed the regiment. ?
In the afternoon a number of the cadets
entertained the attendants and patients
of the Napa Insane Asylum. An excel
lent programme, similar to the one given
by the regiment last evening, was ren
dered and greaUy enjoyed. "Quo Vadia
Upside Down" was presented by Lieuten
ant McCorcnick and Serjeant Gllson and
scored as great a hit as it did the other
evening.
The advance g-uard tendered a banquet
this evening 1 to Lieutenant William Beas
lev who commanded the pioneers of the
camp. A bountiful feast was spread at
the Palace Hotel. Speeches were made
by Lieutenants Meagher and Beasley.
Father O'Ryan. Bugler Cresalia and
others. The following letter, sent to the
Rev Philip O'Ryan. chaplain of the regl-
Mrs. J. Coblne. Mrs. J. J. Sullivan, Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett. Miss Marie Cobine, Miss Anita
Coblne. Andrew J. Flynn. Mies Annie Fennell,
Mrs. E.- J. McGivern, Martin p-enneU, ¦ Miss
Padie Standart, Miss Elizabeth Sullivan, Miss
Rose SUndart, Miss Helen Hamilton, William
Gannon, II. F. Kenney, Master Willie Sulll-
Ed Olson, "the terrible Swede," and
"Bugs" Brodrlck of Company E can't
keep out of the gnardhouse. They have
asked the colonel's permission to move
their belongings to that welcome tent.
The cadets were visited yesterday by a
number of pretty girls from Wegner Villa,
Glen Ellen. Those who made up the party
were: . ¦ • - ¦„:'¦;'•,'"
"Willard Sloane of Company A sang so
well at the entertainment the other even
ing that Colonel McGloin, out of the good
ness of his heart, presented him with a
pass to come in after hours. Sloane was
so surprised that he stayed out all night.
Jack Duffy, "Chief Owl" and major of
the Third Battalion," will arrive in camp
to-morrow night. The Owls •will form in
front of the depot and give their com
mander a fitting welcome. The "Rough
House Four." better known as Lieutenant
Glennon. Lieutenant Kennedy. Captain.
Grimley and Captain Toohey, intend giv
ing the major a "time" in camp on the
night of his arrival. He will be properly
cared for by them.
The officer of the day was Captain J. H.
Riddell of Company M, and the officer of
the guard Lieutenant A. Hanley of Com
pany K.
The "Midnight Rangers" held an all
night session in Lieutenant McCann's tent
last evening. The latter celebrated his
twenty-first birthday and, the following
members of this exclusive organization
helped him eat and make merry: Lieu
tenants Nolan. Beasley. O'Brien, Sears
and Riley and Captain Glennon. McCann
made a good host. His guests repaid his
kindness by upsetting his teat on taking
their leave. -
Among the visitors to camp yesterday
were Miss Lillian and Miss. Mae Mahoney
of San Francisco.
Notes of the Camp, i
My Dear Father O'Ryan: It would give me
great pleasure to pay a visit to the League
of the Cross during the week, but r my cold
contracted six weeks agro still continues. I
am obliged in consequence to forego the pleas
ure. I feel confident that the members of the
League will by their gentlemanly conduct win
the respect of the citizens of Napa and main
tain the character which they have borne up
to the nreBent as most respectable- Catholic
young men. Wishing the encampment every
success, I ana, sincerely yours,
P. W. RIORDAN.
ment, by Archbishop Rlordan. will be read
with interest by the cadets and friends of
the organization:
St. Mary's Cathedral.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 17, 190L
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM ol Rail
ways. Offlce-50 Montgomery street, ¦«
VISALIA. July 18.— Charles .Butz, who
left this city for the mountains two days
ago, was held up on the highway near
Porterville and robbed of i his valuables.
The robbers escaped to' the- ravines.
Bandits Bob Him of Valuables.
Our. city's guests are cordially invited to
visit the art rooms and gallery of paint
ings at S. & G. Gump.Co.,'113 Geary st. •
DENVER; July 18.— Confirmation /was
received to-day of the report that the
Radcliffe Hotel, cabins and other build-
Ings belonging to the people of Grand
Mesa Lakes were burned yesterday. A
mob of seventy-flve men, all residents of
Delta County, set fire- to the property.
The incendiarism was intended to avenge
the killing of W. A. Womack by Warden
McHaney last Monday. .
Hotel Burned by a Mob.
PORTLAND, Or., July 18.— A. R. Gold
stein of Vancouver, Wash., who accom
panied a' party making a trip to Mount
St. Helens, became separated from - the
party on the mountain and was lost. To
day word was received in this tlty from
S. F. Murray, a mountaineer living near
Trout Lake, that he had traced Gold
stein's footprints to the brink of a glacier
on the 'mountain. Murray thinks that
Goldstein fell over the precipice and that
he will never be found alive. - ' .'
Falls From Mountain Precipice.
Leo Drossel of the hospital corps had
to return homo on business yesterday.
During his stay In camp he did splendid
work among the sick and wounded.
lent programme was presented. Such
artists as Doling, Fitzsimmons, McNa
mara, Riley, Drossier and Heelen satis
fied the audience. E. Dunneen, W. Han
nigan, J. Jacobus, D. Kennedy, Captain
Kennedy, Lieutenants McBrien and Carey
and Sergeants Leonard and Klynn assist
ed in the entertainment. To-day the com
pany took a bus ride to St. Helena. The
trip was a delightful one and the boys
had a great time. Those who attended
were: Captain J. Kennedy, Lieutenant J.
McBrien,. Lieutenant Carey, Sergeants
Leonard, Hannlgan and Gillick, Corporals
Dunneen, FlyMn and * McLaughlin, Pri
vates R. Buchritt, J. Calligan, O. Casey,
R. Courtney, F. Doling, F. Dempsey, J.
Fitzsimmons, J. Gallagher, .T. Heelen, J.
F. Jacobus, D. Kennedy, E, Rirfer, J.
Drorney, R. Kelly. C. Kelly, J. McDon
ough, J. Moots, J. McCarthy and F. Mur
rull.
The members of Company N are having
a lively time in camp. The boys are con
spicuous for their fun-making. Last night
they had an evening in camp. An excel-
The "Ragtime Three," composed of
"Captain" Solen, "Duck" Sloane an<3 Rob
by Burns, are upholding the reputation of
Company A. This trio is having a delight
ful time in the guardhouse and elsewhere.
van, Don Ryan. Miss Emma Sullivan, Miss
Grace Sullivan. Bert Oesting, Harry Sullivan,
James Sullivan, J. O'Neill.
Frolics of the Cadets.
Armand Putz, the popular leader of the
regimental band, was compelled to return
to-night to San Francisco on business. He
was escorted to the station by the band
and he was given an ovation at the depot.
Putz is an extremely popular leader. Un
der his direction the League of the Cross
band has developed into one of the best
in the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 1 9 1901.
5
Officers of the League of the Crossf Regiment, Encamped Among
Picturesque Hills, Hold a Brilliant Dance, in Which Beauty
and Chivalry Meet for Merriment Under Pavilion Lights
CADETS IN RADIANT REGALIA
DANCE WITH BELLES OF NAPA
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
POWER. NAPA. July 18.— A
grand bail was given by the of
ficers of the regiment this even
ing In the pavilion. The affair
equaled the successful one given a few
nights ago by the non-commissioned of
ficers of the regiment. The attendance
was large, the music good and every one
who participated had a splendid time. Tho
officers were In full dress uniform, and
their neat suits made a pretty background
for the white gowns of the fair sex.
Lieutenant Colonel McGloin led the grand
march. There were 150 couples In line, and
as the procession moved through the
spacious ha31 it presented a brilliant ap
pearance.
Colonel McGloin was floor manager and
Major Morrisey, Captain Westplear. Cap
tain Joseph Kennedy, Captain Edward
Glennon. Captain James Toohey. Captain,
Riddell and Captain Grimley were his as
sistants. The reception Committee was
composed of Captain Ben McKinley, Lieu
tenant Dougherty, Lieutenant William
Quinn, Lieutenant Coligan. Lieutenant S.
Riley. LJeuten&nt Hanley, Lieutenant
Kelly, Lieutenant J. Meagher. Lieutenant
Henno, Lieutenant McBrien, Lieutenant
Carey. The following officers composed
the floor committee: Lieutenant George
Welsh. Lieutenant John A. O'Brien.
Lieutenant Frank Gonzales, Lieutenant
J. MeCormick, Lieutenant Nolan. Lieu-
AMTJSTTIVrENTS.
VAUDEVILLE IN ALL ITS MODERN REFINEMENT
CHEVALIEB ENBICO MABIO
SCOGNAMXLLO; DAMM BBOTH-
ERS; CTTATVT.-F.S LEONARD
FLETCHEB; ETTA BTJTLEE:
GILBEBT ANDGOLDIE; IBVING
JONES; BIOGRAPH, ANDLAST
TIMES OF CLAYTON WHITE
AND .MABIE STTJABT, AND
' PROSPER TROUPE. #
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony,' 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
.' Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
LAST WEEK— THE GREAT HIT
THE BABES
tin wood.
. Next Week— By Universal Request,
"THE TOY MAKER."
Popular Prices ...25c and 50c
GRAND OPERA SEASON JUL.T 29.
Orders Now Taken for Season Seats.
Sale for opening week, Monday, July 22.
Telephone— Bush 9. ¦ ¦ . ¦
. ;
CHUTES AND_Z00 *34%S?
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE, THE MAID OF THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONS TEFt CA KEWA LK,
/ \<"; ' Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
PT<3f!WFR'R concert house.
fiatnCK O Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN, G. S. WANRELL,
Pietro 1 Buzz!, James J. Mackey, Clinton Mont-
gomery, the Kelcey Sisters. Baby Ruth. Miss
Alice Wren and Clarence Lyndon and Hinricha'
Orchestra. Reserved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
'OPEN NIGHTS. :«i
OPEN DAILY FROM .1 A. M. TO 11 P. T4.
- Bathing from 7 a.' m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c IHI CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children 20c
. ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ep worth Leaguers
Little did you think
jij|L when you left the East, Jill
\. ** I ' WCttHlClj Lll&L Cll 1 v/VCI™" v* .A.
T3 dj4^»ifew v coat would be required in .-rtif^i^&ilijtNw
J^^ sunny California. You 01M\
JB ImPIIWIII* have worn your light /filMPlA '\
Wifiiiiffi ° verc ° at - wyour iiiiS ii f li
p||i |||j»^ An overcoat is comfort- j \iWM
¦ I liSifellili able in San Francisco over W|Jj|| wilj
¦ WumMgl ' 300 evenings' out of the it jj jig
'¦¦ • ¦ ' iPffl^fiiwiH vear Even the most ac- liiMii'Il i! i'^J^v
Jill I H - climated often wear an
iiif ill overcoat after sundown. plj; |F|
III '111 -Ere this you have felt the ne- ||| | [j
Illl Hill cessity of heavier clothes and a |i|l |f
Hr IIt light box overcoat.- We are pre- ' jjlj' I;
fill Sill pared to supply you at a small |!|| I I;
If ll expense — we have a sale that gjjjj ,1 ||
iJylllil'i 'iiifllM moflfc i;nni* nooHc MiMl 1 )
¦ lie ill i ¦'''ii ¦ niccLb yuui iicciib. ji!j(} sal
JiliL— i^Ji h=^ e are having our regular Sum- ilP^^^^L
¦¦¦^^^^^^ISP"" rner Saving Sale, when goods are .'^V .~ \j»
Good | box overcoats of covert, in tan, olive and brown; reduced from $10.00 to
!l||f|||||l $6.65 ¦ ,
Good cheviot suits, in neat patterns for summer wear; reduced from $8.50, $10.00 and
§j|!H IHI $6.65 1
Worsted trousers, in checks and stripes, well made, in plenty of sizes;" reduced from
iltlliiif! $i.85 S|l|||| j||
_ .They are union-made clothes, of our own make and fully guaranteed. Money'back if
you, are not perfectly satisfied. Examine the goods— buy 'if you choose— you will find that
the clothes will serve you well — particularly at the price. :¦: .
Odds and Ends in Boys' Suits /dSRk
In our boys' clothing department we are having a clean- ¦ J
up sale. The suits constitute what is left from- our spring and
summer goods. We have collected all these odds and ends X^f+^'^glt^ikzi ""^^-~
ranging from $4.00 to S8.00 and are offering every suit for . yj^ fiiilllv j5^i& /^L''
The assortment is norfolks, sailors, Russian blouses, vest- C^f4| H
: ees and two-piece suits in 1901 styles and patterns: The ages 'f™™Sfci(B''-' v '
range from 3 to 16 years. This sale will end when the suits are ij'IP')^i^l ! \
gone — at the price the suits will not last long. The early buy- . . |!^iraiif l |M'
ers get the cream of the assortment. • 1 ''f^WwK W
Boys' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 17, 25c a pair. f|$jf$J iwsl
Girls' blue and brown overalls, ages 2 to 10, 45c a pair, y$*rr vwn
Boys' shirt waists, ages 4 to 11 years, 25c each. *• . EJ&&I y©3
Boys', blouse waists, ages 3 to 8 years, all colors, 25c each. ra/
Boys' and children's straw hats reduced Si^IL
—every hat from 75c to $2.00 has been reduced to 45c. xa&^^iS&lL
Bpys' golf caps, new assortment, 45c each. , i &jjr
I
A glanca at our /^^%T FjT\. fBT^ " jT>*^ Out-of-town or-
windows will al- fegig^ mj«m#^/s || II | f 1 te m^k deps filled— write
ways prove inter- %™J #^l 1 Ffi W £*1 ® @ fl* us foF anything In
esting, whether you v*^ i y^ Wb*J %Mf « \JJ men's or bovs'cloth-
need clothes, hats •* * . ' . •«->' H*^ ing*, furnishlng-s or
or furnishings. 718 Market Street. hats..
AMUSEMENTS. j
1= V 'I' T> A t IBSEN MATINEE
LA I KrA i with MISS BATES.
TO-DAY AT 2:30.
One Performance Only of Henrlk Ibsen's
Blanche Bates as the Heroine.
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
FAREWELL TO FRISCO. •BT T m T "WV "W^ ITk
Good-by Matinee Sat. £j I WlI H R a. ¦¦
PRODUCTION
By Arrangement With
DAVID BELASCO, " T 19
Paul M. Potter's ]^^L
BiE Drama on ' EtSg£Sl
Ou Ida's Famous Novel.
Over 100 P.eoDle. "3T\ W i gy /^
ADItUTO h\ AJlV
BLANCHE BATES I i/ilUj
"CIGARETTE."
«|£ T MONDAY, July 22,
The Representative Irish Comedian,
MR. CHAVNCEY .
OLGOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER OX THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
"GARRETT O'MAGH.'/
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
The play will be presented here with the great
cast, all of the magnjflcent scenery and grand
effects that characterized Mr. Olcott's long and
successful engagement of five months In New
Y ° rk " Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
SEATS NOW READY'.
\ ¦ ¦ i - LAST THREE CHANCES TO SEE
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS LADY TEAZLE. Supported by White
¦WhittleBey. Jn-
Int obnUUL
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Next Week- {'THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Seats Now on Sale.
lei ci$l.oow Tear
:.„¦¦¦
ADVEBTKEMEHTS.
What is^it worth to save half
the work and all the steam* of
wash-day?
Fels-Naptha soap. Your gro-
cer returns your money if you
don't think it does that.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Six Million Boxes a Year.
In 1895, none; in 1900, 6,000,000
boxes; that's Cascarets Candy Ca-
thartic's jump into popularity. The
people have cast their verdict. Best
medicine for the bowels in the world.
All druggists, ioc
AMUSEMEITTS.
BELASCGAHoTHAll&jrfjflT&r
wamcmnuuA
: ONLY 3 NIGHTS MOR£. V '»
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of
MICHAEL STROGOFF
Gorgeous Scenery — See the "Burning of Koly-
van," the Greatest and Most Realistic
Stage Illusion Ever Seen. , .
JAMES M. BROPHT AND A GREAT CAST.
poif tC Evenlnes 10c. 13c. 23c. 33c. 50c
I aiVLJ iiatlr.ees 10c. 13c. 2So
NEXT WEEK— A Star Cast la a Gorgeous
Production of "TRILBY."
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Balance of This Week
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents the Tremendous Success,
The White Heather
Strongest Company Ever Seen at Popular
Prices.
PRICES— 10c, 13c. 25c. 50c. 75c. .
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees 25o
Branch Tfckat Office Emporium.
Next ¦Week-'-PAUL KAUVAR."
Steele Mackaye's Greatest Play.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO ts. OAKLAND.-
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 3:15.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREA TION PARK,
< . ElKhth and Harrison streets.
' BAJA CALIFORNIA'
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both i«h. '
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
323 Market it. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
ADVERTISEMENT ¦&.
Good Digestion and Health
Secured in Hot Weather
.by Using . ¦
Malt Breakfast Food
Always Delicious and Appetizing.
Good digestion and health in hot weath-
er depend . largely on what is eaten at
breakfast. Starchy grain " foods, and rich
meats seriously tax the digestive machin-
erv, When you make Malt Breakfast
Food your first dish at breakfast, diges-
tive vigor and true comfort -are yours for
the day. No other grain food is so deli-
clous, appetizing and healthful as Malt
Breakfast Food. Secure a package from,
your grocer. ¦ , .
Maxwell makes It i easy for people
to get good glasses — glasses that not
only prevent strain upon the eyes
and preserve the sight, but .that are
the most economical; in fact, cost ¦ •
1-3 LESS
• than any others.- Maxwell dupli-
cates any kind of lens for ONE-
THIRD LESS than any other op-
tician.-,. - :
E MAXWELL. Room 42, Academy
• of Sciences Building-, 81© MARKET
. STREET, S. F. .. ; .: ' ' ..
•j^V PALACE /
r^HOTEL^I
Connected by a covered pas-
sageway and operated Jointly,
under one management - on the
American- and European plans.
_ 1400 rooms: 900 with baths.On sale July 20 and 21. the Union Pacific Rail
road will sell ; round trip tickets to Chicago,
good for 60 days, at rate of $72 50. D. W. Hitch
cock, j General Agent, 1 Montgomery St., San
Francisco. - ; . ¦•
Chicago and Return $72.50.
A Kansas girl eloped. the other day and stole $1200
of her mother's money. Then footpads took it away
from her, and now she has probably some very serious
notions of at least the advantages of honesty.
The recent British census shows that there are in
the United Kingdom only 89 men for every 100
women, and consequently the old saying, "Every
Jack has his Jill" won't work both ways. /The Brit
ish young woman will have to learn how to emigrate.
Cheap Bates for Epworth Leaguers
and Their Friends.
The Santa Fe -Brill sell low rate tickets to all
points, July 12 to August 15 inclusive, to hold
ers of Epworth League tickets and friends ac
companying them. Call at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street, or. ferry depot. , ..;¦".
Best Way to the Yosemite.
The Santa i Fe to Merced and stage thence
via Merced Falls, Coultervllle, Hazel Green,
Merced Big Trees, Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon. This is the most popular route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar
ket at. for particulars and folder.
On July 22d a special excursion rate of $40 foi
the round trip. San Francisco to the Grand Can
yon of Axlzona, will be made. Leaving Sai
Francisco at 8 p. m. on the ?2d, you reach th<
Canyon for supper the 23d. No other sight is
comparable to this, the grandest of nature's
marvels. Ask at 641 Market street, the Sant.
Fe office, about it. .
Grand Canyon Excursion.
Cattle men are considering the ad
visability of reseeding the Black Hills
and Eastern Wyoming ranges, where
native grass has been nearly killed by
overcrowding of cattle. It , has been
found that five grasses and two alfalfas
will grow In that section without irriga
tion, k
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsen'Vs. Palace Hotel*
The items given of. Government expenditure show
that while the war tax' has been reduced the expen
ditures for war go on. Thus it is stated that for the
first ten days of this fiscal year the war item amounts
to $6,450,000. Next come the pensions, with $5,810,
000. The civil and miscellaneous budget ranks third,
Despite the increased income the accounts of the
treasury for the first ten days of the fiscal year show
the usual deficit of the season. It amounted this year
to $4,583,815, while last year it was for the corre
sponding period $4,523,287. In spite of the deficit at
the beginning of the last fiscal year the Government
closed the year as a whole with about $75,000,000 to
the good, and it is expected there will be another
favorable showing this year. In fact, the treasury
officials are reported as saying the returns for the first
ten days afford little indication of what the results of
the new revenue law will be.
WHEN the reductions in the war revenue tax
went into effect on July 1 it was expected by
the treasury officials that there would be an
immediate decline in the income derived from them.
There was therefore a good deal of surprise in the de
partment when «the receipts for the first ten days of
July amounted to $10,084,495. as compared with re
ceipts of only $8,681,381 for the corresponding
period last year.
An inquiry into the cause of the unexpected in
crease disclosed the fact that a large number of manu
facturers of beer, tobacco, cigarettes, etc., had been
holding off from buying stamps until the reductions
went into effect and then purchased large quantities.
It is said the demand for the new sta'mps is so large
that the stamp division of the internal revenue de
partment has been working overtime in order to sup
ply the new stamps and to take care of the^ old ones.
During the week preceding July 1 the shipments of
new stamps aggregated in value more than $20,000,
000 and weighed about fifteen tons.
NATIONAL REVENUES.
If King Edward is to give James J. Van Alen the
cross of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem in recog
nition of Van Alen's gift of $25,000 to equip a' field
hospital in South Africa, how many crosses could
Pierpont Morgan get if he felt like cornering trie
market? . .
To admit the graduates of one year without exami
nation, while requiring examination of all future
graduates, will seem to the latter and to the public
to be discrimination of a marked character." How
ever, the admission of the present graduates on their
diplomas is so much accomplished for justice. Per
haps others will obtain an equal justice later on. In
the meantime, it is gratifying to note that the con
stitutionality of the law. under which the board is
operating is to be tested in the courts. As has been
pointed out in The Call, there are many objectionable
features in the manner in which it is now being oper
ated, and an investigation in open court may lead to
their elimination.
President Searby's statement was to the effect that
at the June meeting of the board it was decided to
extend the time for filing applications upon creden
tials until August 1 for the express purpose of giv
ing the new graduates of the College of Pharmacy
an opportunity to register without, having to un
dergo examination. He added, "We did this so
there would be no discrimination."
The statement of the president is different from
that originally given out by the secretary of the
board, who in an interview, with a representative of
The Call, published on Wednesday, said: "It is a
fact that all graduates in pharmacy of whatever school
must take an examination before the State board
before they will be registered as licentiates," and when
he was asked if that included graduates of the Cali
fornia College of Pharmacy he replied, "Yes; grad
uates of every college." , /
FROM statements made by President Searby of
the State Board of Pharmacy it appears that
graduates of the California College of Pharmacy
who received their diplomas at the close of the term
just past will not have to pass an examination before
the Board of Pharmacy provided they file applica
tions before August 1. After that date examinations
will be required. 1
THE PHARMACY LAW.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 18.— The fol
lowing Californians are registered at the
Shoreham: John J. Sullivan of San Fran
cisco; at the Ebbitt— J. B. Hans and wife
of Los Angeles;, at the Metropolitan-
John A. Ness of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
NEW YORK. July 18.— From San Fran
cisco—I>. Bloom, at the Hoffman: G. W.
Hislop. at the Imperial; L. Kalmon, at
the Herald Sauare; F. MacPherson, at
the Victoria: H. P. Neubsen at the Hol
land; Miss Stratton, at the Everett; R.
M.- Straus, at the Astor House: A. I.
Weiller, at the Herald Square; J. A.
Greene, at the • Broadway Central: G.
Fredericks, at the Holland: Miss J. K.
Nelson, at the St. Denis; A. Rothschild,
at •the Gerard. From 'Los Angeles— Mrs.
Wadleigh, at the Herald Square. From
San Jose— P. Hersey. at the Manhattan;
S. N. Rucker, at the Hoffman.
Californians in New York.
The Chinese have learned something from the size
of the indemnities demanded by the various Euro
pean Governments, for Minister Wu has just pre
sented to our Government a claim for $500,000 on
account of outrages committed upon Chinese in Mon
tana.
CORONADO TENT CITY, Coronado Bsach.
Cal.. will be the popular summer resort this
season. It became famous last year Tor com
fort, entertainment and health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexeceiled.
Joseph Welssheimer, a banker of Grass
Valley, Is at the Lick. .
Count and Countess Frenz ' Larlsh of
Munich are at the Grand. \
¦ W. D. Vinton, a prominent merchant of
Nevada City, Is at the Lick.
H. . E. Irish, a 'prominent citizen of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the California.
Commander T. M. Washington, U. S. NS
Is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Palace, accompanied by his
wife.
James H. Morton, a railroad man of
Omaha, registered at the California yes
terday.
C. H. -Stewart, an oil man of Bakers
field, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife.
Arnold S. Borglum and E. R. Tuttle,
both traveling passenger* agents of the
Union Pacific with headquarters at St.
Louis, arrived here yesterday. They had
charge of special trains of members of
the Epworth League.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ONE of the greatest freaks of nature has recently been discovered close to
the immense tunnel that is nearing completion on the line of the Southern
Pacific running along the boundary line of Los Angeles and Ventura coun
ties ¦ ¦'. ¦
Some workmen employed by the company discovered an immense rock
that Is a perfect.lmage of a man's head. A photograph was taken of this freak of
nature by one of the workmen who had a camera In his possession and it was sent
to ChfefEnglneer Hood of the Southern Pacific. A reproduction of the picture ac-
COn T^e 1 photograph C has been shown to numbers of scientists and globe-trotters, and
they all claim that there is no other rock in existence that is such a perfect rep
resenta ion of a man's head. The rock will no doubt, be looked upon in the future
as one of the points 'of interest in California. Americans can now proudly claim
that California has a sphinx that is just as imposing as that of far away Egypt,
ana that the fpWnx of California took a long time to be discovered, but that It is
older than the Egyptian sphinx and was not made by man. . .
The rock is on Chatsworth Park rancho, the property of Mrs. Johnson.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A QUOTATION— F., Merced. Cal. The
lines asked about:
"They do neither sing nor sigh
In the burg of by and by;"
are from a poem entitled "The City of
the Dead," written by James R. Burnett.
SUBSIDIES— Subscriber, City. In early
use, subsidy denoted a special tax; then
it was used to' signify the payment of a
sum of money to an ally for assisting In
war. Now the term is applied to pecu
niary aid rendered by a state to Industrial
enterprises of individuals. The granting
of monopoly rights was the earliest form
of subsidies in the United States.
SIGHING— A. O. S., Oakland. Cal. A
sigh, about which a great deal of senti
mental stuff has been written. Is, when
viewed in an unsentimental light, a deep,
long drawn, audible respiration. Dr. Car
penter says that sighing is nothing more
than a very long drawn inspiration In
which a larger quantity of air than usual
is made to enter the lungs, and that It
occurs particularly when the attention is
released after having been fixed on an
object which has strongly excited it and
thus has prevented the person from feel
ing the insufficiency of the ordinary
movements of respiration.
Spite enables the fool to believe he 13
happy in his unhappiness.
The change of front made on the eve of battle
is a remarkable one. Two years ago, when McLean
was nominated for Governor, the Ohio Democrats
declared: "We continue to demand the free and un
limited coinage of silver and gold as equal and pri
mary money at the ratio of 16- to 1, independent of
all other nations in the world. The Hon. William
J. Bryan still retains our entire confidence, and we
demand his renomination in 1000." Mr. Bryan was
renominated in 1900 and the result was so disastrous
to his followers that they have no longer any con
fidence in him or his platform. This year they are to
make the fight without him. It is a complete re
versal of position. The general has been sent to the
rear and the rear guard is given the front place. What
will be accomplished by such tactics remains to be
seen, and that alone gives interest to a campaign
whose results in other respects are in~the nature of
foregone conclusions.
In the field of municipal politics in the'larger cities
the situation is much more interesting. In the spring
contests the Democrats were successful in St. Louis,
Chicago and Cleveland, and consequently they have
high hopes of carrying the elections in other cities.
The chief fight is to be in New York, where various
elements have combined to defeat Tammany. The
combination thus far is but a loose one, and may
not be able to hold together when the strain of the
contest comes, but still the outlook is very promis
ing. Some of the ablest and most influential Demo
crats of the city have pledged their support to the
movement, and it seems therefore that Tammany will
not be able to poll the full party vote in opposition
to the supporters of a ticket pledged_ to reform and
an^hones^ municipal administration.l^,-
It was 'noted in Chicago, St. Louis and Cleveland
that the Democratic successes Were due solely to divi
sions caused in the Republican ranks by the revolt
of the better elements of the party against corrupt
bosses who had obtained control of the party ma
chinery. The moral of that lesson has been thor
oughly learned in other cities. It is safe to say that
in the municipal elections of the fall there will be no
such thing as a boss ticket nominated by a Repub
lican convention in any city of importance from New
York to San Francisco.
It is possible something in the way of national in
terest may be aroused in the Ohio campaign by rea
son of the new depaiture the Democrats have made
in cutting away from Bryanism. The experiment is
certainly worth watching, for the vote will show
whether or no the new departure is sufficiently suc
cessful to make it worth while for Democrats of other
States to take it up next year.
POLITICALLY speaking this is to be a year of
municipal elections. Such State elections as
are to take place are of comparatively little in
terest because the results are not at all doubtful. No
one questions how the majority will vote in Iowa,
Massachusetts, New Jersey, Ohio and Virginia.
Four of the five are so strongly Republican that the
Democrats have no chance, while in V rginia the Re
publicans will hardly go through the form of making
a. campaign. •
ELECTIONS OF THE YEAR.
'Not a single case of yellow fever appeared in Ha
vana in the month of June, and it is said to have been /
the first time there has been such a clean bill of health
for more than a hundred years. Clearly, therefore,
we have given the Cubans something much better
than the Platt amendment.
This condition reveals the preparation that must
be made before entering upon municipal ownership
if it is to be adopted as a policy beneficial to the
public. The politician and demagogue scout the idea
that anything is necessary except to acquire and
operate. Putting aside' the conclusions of all stu
deuts of the science of government, they assume for
it an inherent virtue which in the. nature of things
is impossible. If a corporate water supply is bad,
they foretell its purification by the simple process" of
changing to municipal ownership. If street cars are
not on time, they will be prompt under municipal
paternalism. And so on to the end of the chapter.
At the same time the demagogues who are out of
office charge up to the demagogues in office the filthy
gutters, the Ifnclean streets, the choked sewers, the
rotten schoolhouses, tlrie swindling contracts, the in
efficient police and .ill the other failures of municipal
government, including its perennial waste and dis
honesty. But the ins and the outs both join in shout
ing for a policy which Will bring about municipal
paternalism over public utilities and give government
more duties to neglect and public officers more
chances to steal.
So far every effort to reform municipal methods
has been a failure. That which the criminal law would
do promptly for a corporation is left undone in the
case of a city.
There is a crying need for legislation that will com
pel public and corporate, or business, bookkeeping
to be identical. All who know anything about cor
porate accounting know the necessity for the great
exactness of it. If the accounts of any great cor
poration were kept like those of any large city in the
country the stockholders would have cause of crimi
nal action against the directors, of which existing
law would take cognizance. This is a startling fact,
that acts criminal in the individual or the corporation
are the settled rule of conduct in municipal adminis
tration.
The public authorities of Tauntbn, Mass., brazened
it out by omitting repairs and betterments on the mu
nicipal electric light plant, until at last the foreman
employed to manage it reports the, plant worn out,
the buildings in danger of falling down, the power
insufficient and the machinery obsoleted by modern
appliances. Yet that plant has figured among those
operated at a profit.
The statement is made that the same vices of account
ing prevail in European cities where municipal pater
nalism is in vogue. There is no sorcery in public
ownership that exempts the plant of a public utility
from depreciation and the necessity of renewal, yet
it is a common thing in American cities to omit re
newal altogether, or, if made, to charge it to another
fund, in order to show a profit upon public opera
tion. The municipal lighting' plant of Alleghany City
has been pointed to as a model example of the great
possibilities of municipal paternalism in the way of
making a_ profit out of public ownership. But an
examination of that plant turns the surplus into a
deficit because the item "depreciation of plant" had
been ignored or charged off to a general fund.
Two remarkable results have followed investigation
of the subject. The first is the discovery by, experts
employed by commercial bodies in New York and
Chicago that it is impossible from the books kept by
the city to ascertain the cost of water, and the second
is 'the stubborn' resistance of city officials -and politi
cians to the institution of a system of bookkeeping
by which the cost can be known. The Illinois Legis
lature at its last session passed a law to reform pub
lic accounting, but it was vetoed at the solicitation of
municipal politicians.
This trick of bookkeeping by which to conceal the
fact that^the waste of public ownership equals the
profits of corporate administration has been found in
operation wherever public ownership is on trial. It
is for this reason that we have been inclined to great
caution, and to resist a plunge into public ownership
on the assumption that its success is demonstrated
by the experiments already made. -
• It is the same story that 'has' been- told. of public
ownership of public utilities everywhere. The Cana
dian Minister had charged the cost of maintenance
and renewal to capital instead of income,, and was
thereby able to show a surplus of earnings over the
cost. of operation.
CANADA has been experimenting with the
public ownership and operation of railroads
on a small scale. The Dominion Minister of.
Railways has been "able to show a surplus every year
from their operation, but at trie recent Session of Par
liament it was shown that .under his , administration
the railroad debt has increased $13,000,000!
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
CALIFORNIA POSSESSES
A SPHINX 0F HER OWN
to get much more in the way of profit from it.
It is a striking illustration of the vast wealth", of
this. country .that the; Government can carry on that
amount of expenditure without imposing taxes that
are felt as burdens ito the people." Still it is not pleas
ant-to note that our war expenditures in these times
of peace exceed $640,000 a day. It is now conceded
that we obtained 'little glory out of our war with
Spain, and it begins to be doubtful whether, we are
being $5,670,000. The navy cost $1,870,000. Interest
was $1,700,000, and Indians got $250,009. The total
expenditures were $21,750,000. - " •
Max Pemberton will succeed L>r. Conan
Doyle's Sherlock Holmes story in the
Strand Magazine with a serial entitled
"The House Under the Sea," and H. G.
"Wells has just begun a new. serial in
Pearson's for July under the title of "The
Sea Laddy," which bids fair to become
a humorous story, being the account of
a mermaid who comes to land and gives
her experience of submarine life. "Wells
wishes his readers to understand that
mermaids have plenty to read, that they
read all the Illustrated papers, particular
ly dote on the fashion Journals, and that
they devour the volumes of the Tauch
nitz Library which conscientious and
timid travelers returning from the Con
tinent throw overboard.
Then there is that most successful of
adaptations of a book which have hap
pened in recent years, "Trilby." which had
a remarkable career at the Haymarket
Theater. "Trilby" had a furor too fresh
In the minds of the playgoers of England
and America to need more than a passing
reference, but it is Just as well to recall
it by way of argument in favor of the
adaptation of novels to the stage.
By a curious coincidence- two English
novelists have been engaged simultane
ously on stories of the sea, and, what Is
still more strange, stories of under the
sea.
Brereton says the recent production by
Annie Hughes of a dramatic version of
"Vanity Fair" and the coming presenta
tion of another adaptation of the same
novel with Miss Marie Tempest has given
rise again to the statement that popular
novels do not make good plays. Thl3 may
be so in a special sense, but they often
lead to a huge popular personal success.
Brereton, who in such matters is a living
Index, calls to mind the remarkable In
stance of Miss Jennie Lee as Joe in the
dramatization of "Bleak House." It Is a
quarter of a century since Miss Lee made
her first appearance In London as the poor
waif and she is still acting It.
Micawber has brought fame and fortune
to the stage.
J. L. Toole, in England, . and Joseph
Jefferson, in America, had reason to be
thankful to the "Cricket on the Hearth."
Alfred Jingle was one of the most original
of Sir Henry Irving's earlier embodi
ments.
The list of Dickens parts on the stage,
Indeed, is a very lengthy one.
Miss Bedford may even find some set
off In the enhanced reputation . the story
has obtained, but the moral shows the
danger of taking a living person as a
model for a character of a novel. Every
Jury might not be so gently disposed. '
It will interest readers on both sides of
the Atlantic to know that Austin Brere
ton, at on© time the dramatic critic of the
Illustrated American, has been appointed
dramatic critic of the Sphere. • Brereton
contributes an agreeable letter. In which
he refers to a subject which, has often
been one of controversy— namely, do
novels as a rule make good plays?
The injury alleged by Godfrey was that
he has been made the principal character
of the novel and that there are passages
in it calculated to do harm to his profes
sional reputation. Evidently the Jury did
not assess the* damages very highly.
Miss Bessie Bedford, the novelist, who
wrote the "Hajp of Life" under the pen
name of "Elizabeth Godfrey" and who
lives at Southbourne, a suburb of Bourne
mouth, has been condemned by a Jury to
pay a sum. of forty shillings as compen
sation to "Dan" Godfrey Jr., the con
ductor of the municipal band and director
of the winter gardens at Bournemouth.
Miss Louise Imogen Gulney, the poet
and essayl3t of Boston. Mass., 13 now re
siding at Oxford, where she Is very busily
engaged in research, at the Bodleian
Library for the benefit of her very elabor
ate edition of Vaughan's poems.
From Inquiries that have been making
about the present state of the book, trade
It Is learned that whllo the demand for
books was very brisk about a month ago
It Is slackened very considerably since
then.
On the whole, however, publishers and
booksellers say they cannot complain
much, taking Into consideration the period
of the year.
Fiction has fluctuated somewhat. The
output of six shilling novels has been more
limited, but the demand for already popu
lar works has at times been very brisk.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
6
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901
FRIDAY ..'. — JULY 19, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Atfiress AU ConunnnleaUoM to W. 5. LBAEB. KinigM.
J1AJT AGER'S OFFICE . Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Fress 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prew 202.
Delivered by Carriers. X5 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including; Postages
DAILT CAU, Cneludin* Sunday), one year H.«j
JDAILT CALL, (lncludlnr Sunday). « month* «-W
DAILY CALL. «ncludinr Bunday). * monUw l-W
DAILY CALlr-By Single Month - Wa
SUNDAY CALU One Year ~ V *•»
MTEEKLT CALU One Tear 1 -°°
AH postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Bampte copies •will be forwarded when reaueitea 1 .
Mafl enbeeribers In ©rderinjr chance of address should h«
particular to *ive both NEW AND OL.D ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request
OAKXAXD OFFICE. ............ .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGJTESS.
Ktcagtr Foreign Advertising, Kirqnette Building, CUetgs.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central 261*. ") '
NETW YOBK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: '
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no, SI Union Square:
Wormy Hill Hotel.
~__ AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Michael Etrosoff."
TIroll— "Babes In the Wood.**
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcazar— "The School for Scandal."
Grand Opera-houws— "The TVhite Heather."
Olympla. comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. *
' Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
IMPOSING ROCK THAT HAP BEEN RECENTLY DISCOVERED IN THE
SOUTHERN PART OF THE STATE. BEARING UPON IT A REMARK
ABLY PERFECT REPRESENTATION OF A.HUMAN HEAD.
No Republican ever answered him or defended the
plank he attacked. The financial doctrinaires who
fortunately dominated the campaign fearlessly denied
'the assumption of the Lodge plank. They denied
that bimetallism was desirable, with the consent of
Europe or without it. They denied that the nations
combined could create value by legislation. They
compelled Republican abandonment of the plank and
a complete commitment to the single gold standard.
As far as we know Mr. Lodge himself never offered
a word in defense of the proposition. It was con
sidered expedient though unprincipled when adopted
'by the convention, and when the high action of the
campaign came on it was considered both unprin
cipled and inexpedient. It held no votes to the party,
and if defended would have repelled many. For
tunately for the party the doctrinaires won, and when
all that they stood for is crystallized into legislation
our financial system will not soon be successfully at-
Had money been a side issue that plank was well
enough for use as a doublc-ender. The party could
have been declared to be in favor of sound money as
2. domestic proposition, but ready to dilute the stan
dard whenever the country could find foreign part
ners in financial folly. But when finance became
the sole issue the small but powerful guild of doc
trinaires could not be trifled with, and when Mr.
Bryan went forth declaring that the Lodge plank
•meant that bimetallism was a good thing and neces
sary but we must deny it to ourselves unless Europe
permitted us to enjoy it he made the only point in
all the ocean of words that he uttered.
There are mysteries in the impression upon poli
tics of the minds of men who are apparently non
participants in political effort. It is apparent now
that a powerful portion of the people, powerful in in
tellect and knowledge though not in numbers, be
lieved that the industrial disorders of the country
were of financial and not fiscal origin, that they were
caused by the condition of our basis financial legis
lation and not by changes in our revenue laws. This
powerful intellectual impression existed in both par
tje*. There were clear thinkers in each in this State
and everywhere who held that opinion in common,
though they had never been together to discuss it,
and they acted as one, without organization. Their
position was suddenly strengthened after the Chicago
convention nominated Bryan and denounced the
Cleveland administration for impoverishing the coun
try by its financial policy.
The situation was more- than singular. The cam
paign turned on the money question, and the Repub
licans found themselves defending the financial
measures of Mr. Cleveland, while if they attacked his
tariff views the Democrats were compelled tb defend
him in that particular. In the midst of such hopeless
confusion of issues the compact body of financial
doctrinaires kept the money question above the flood
and led the public sentiment of the country. This
they did by practically leaving the bimetallic plank
in the Republican platform undefended, for the ex
cellent reason that it was incapable of defense.
IN a controversy over the authorship of the bi
metallic plank in the Republican platform of 1896
it has been decided that it was written by Sena
tor Lodge of Massachusetts, to whom has been paid
the $100 which was staked upon the result of the in
quiry.
The authorship of that plank is a doubtful honor.
The most that can be said for it is that when it was
adopted it was not foreseen that the. campaign would
turn upon the money question. The tariff was the
expected issue. The melancholy results attributed
to the Wilson tariff had patched the trousers ef the
country, on teat and knee. The seat was worn out
by sitting in idleness and the knee in praying for
work, wages and better times. Therefore it was in
tended to attack the Cleveland administration on
tariff lines and treat the money question as a side
issue which could be safely temporized with.
THE BIMETALLIC PLANK.
AUCTION RATYFfl.
Br Galliek & Vincent— This day, at U o'clock. Furniture,
at 2226^i Post etreet.
Py.Wm. G. Layns— Tuesday, July 23, Horses, at 721 How-
ard street.
By Union St.icky8.ro> Company— Monday, July 29, at 10
o'clock. Packing-house Machinery, at Rodeo. CaL
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a. change «<
residence during: tbe summer montbs can h»T«
their paper forwarded, by mail to their new
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be en sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent i*
all towns on tbe coast.
i CALIFORNIA'S g
I OIL QUEEN. I
°3 ¦ °<>
I TBE SUNDAY EXODDS FROM I
| SAN FRANCISCO. |
1 THE LAWYER AND g|
|s| HIS FEE. . £¦¦
I COMING SPORTING' EVENTS. I
; . . g°j BY LOUIS HONIC. GS
V-g. 8..g.g.S.9Jl JUUUL^JLgJLgJLg. JLJLftJLflJL AJL2JULS15. o o o o_pj> go » o _o_o o o o o o o p°
I THE FIVE BATTLES A |
1 • YOLNG MAN HAS |
I TO FIGHT. 1
jii< BY REV. F. K. BAKER.
¦ ¦ r°\ . '¦- !°«
jiE LITTLE RODNEY JONES* gi
. || PETITION TO. h
]S3 PRESIDENT McKINLEY. K
tool - ¦ \qZ,
¦ !°°; . : - • |oo
jii HOW MULES ARE TRAINED E|
fZ~5 FOR
1 THE YOSEMITE TRAILS. i||
& TfTo^nnnnnnnryyyygTrs mrmnps 'mrtnnrv «THE BARK C. D. BRYANT. WHICH LEFT HERE FOR THE HAWAIIAN
ISLANDS ON JUNE 19. WAS ON FIRE IN HONOLULU HARBOR AND
WOULD HAVE BEEN A TOTAL. LOSS BUT FOR THE TUG FEARLESS.
FOR TTOWNSBND- Passed July 18— Stmr
Roanoke. from Nome, for Seattle; Btmr Ex
celsior, from Valdez, for Seattle. . •
Arrived July 18— Bark !Levl G Burgess, hence
July 7.-
BANDON. Or— Sailed July 18— Schr Bender
Brothers, .. for .San Francl»co.
Arrived July 18— Schr Llzzla Prlen, hence
June 22.
SEATTLE— Arrived July IS— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence July 14; itmr Portland, from Nofne;
stmr Excelsior, from Valdez; atmr Roanoke,
from Nome.
NOME— Arrived July 3— Stmr Brunswick,
from Seattle. June 22— Stmr Newsboy, hence
June 2. July 7— Stmr Nome City, from Se
attle.
In port July 7— Schr Lottie Bennett, Gen Sig
lin, stmr Brunswick, Btmr Chas D Lane, schr
Fred E Sanders, schr Seven Sisters, tug Dis
covery. " ,
DUTCH HARBOR— In -port July 12-Stmr
Jeanie, from Seattle, for Nome; Btmr Ellhu
Thomson, from Nome, for Seattle; TJ S itmr
Grant: whal stmr Fearless.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed July , Btmr Chas
D Lane, for Seattle, via Teller City.
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed July 10-Br stmr
Sutherland, for -Shanghai.
ISLAND PORTS. . •
HILO— Arrived July 5— Ship Falls of Clyde,
hence June 18.
Sailed July 6— Bark Amy Turner, for San
Francisco; July 7— Bark Vidette, for Pug-et
Sound.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 10— Stmr Colon, for
Port Los Angeles. July 4— Schr King Cyrus,
for San Francisco. '. .
Arrived July 10— Schr Sehome, from nitrate
ports.
KAHULUI— Sailed July 6— Schr Allan A, for
San Francisco. July 9— Sclfr O'.ca, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed July 17— Br Btmr Milton,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived July J6— Nor
bark Passepartout, from Vancouver. July 18—
Schr Honoipu, from Launceton.
SYDNEY— Arrived erJor to July 16— Stmr So
noma, hence June 20.
ANTWERP— Arrive! July 16— Br ship Mont
gomeryshire, hence March 6.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 17— Br ship Thls
bank. hence March 6.
DEAL — Passed July 16 — Br ship Scottish
Isles, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed July 16— Stmr Olympia,
for Tacoma. July 17— Br itmr Empress of
Japan, for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 16— Br stinr In
draimra, . for Astoria. *
VANCOUVER- Arrived July 17— Br stmr E:n
rress of India, frcm Hongkong.
' KOI IK— Arrived Culy 16— Stmr Tacoma, from
Taccma.
Ma::a'j"LaN -Sailed July 16— Stmr San Bias,
tor Snn Fr.nc'jMO.
GUAYMAS— Sailed July 17— Stmr Curacao,
for Ban Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed June 80— Ship Invinci
ble, for Newcastle, Aus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 18— Stmr L'Aqul
taine, for Havre; stmr Frledrlch der "Grosse,
for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 17— Stmr Western
land, for Queenstown and Philadelphia. July
18— Stmr Commonwealth, for Queenstown and
Boston; stmr Vancouver, for Portland, Me.
Arrived July 18 — Stmr Bohemian, from New
York. 4
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 18— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Westernland. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed July 18— Stmr Am
sterdam, for New York.
BROWHEAD— Passed July 18— Stmr Cymric,
from New York, for Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR-Passed July 18— Stmr Scotia,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York. •
KOBE!— Arrived July 18— Stmr Tacoma. from
Tacoma. for Hongkong.
LIZARD— Passed July 18— Stmr Zeeland,
from New York, for Cherbourg and Antwerp.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-6treet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JULY 19.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time . of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coswt Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
•
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
; "v-^—
TO SAIL. ¦ : ¦'-¦
PROM SEATTLE.
"Was your club paper | troublesome,
Dorothy?" "Oh, horrible! I ransacked
eleven books and ate three . pounds bt
chocolate caramels while I was getting: it
up."— Detroit Free Press. *
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask I*
M. Fletcher, 126 California street. . •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited.','
CAMP REVERIE, July 16, 1901.— The
weather at Camp Reverie continues perfect,
with no hint of the fog which dwellers in
the bay districts about San Francisco go
away in summer to avoid. Twenty-six
arrivals were registered yesterday, giving
promise with this influx of new talent of
a gay week at the camp.
The impromptu evening entertainments,
where persons of so much and such
varied ability are concerned, must con
tinue delightful. One of the latest pro
grammes gave a piano and flute, duet by
Mrs. Alice Cramer and Dr. Hoppe; a reci
tation by H. R- Wiley: piano selections
by Mrs. Crafts, Oakland's talented or
ganist, and recitations from Tennyson by
Austin Lewis. The whole was inter
nnersed with the humorous stories of Eu-
Kene Del Mar; "The Whittling Philoso
pher" of. the camp, and those of Its pres
ident B B. Payne, whoso fund of post
prandial wit is perhaps only equaled by
that of Chauncey M. Depew.
Since however, as I overheard a lady
say "None but delightful people come to
Camp Reverie," we shall doubtless take
new delight in the arriving speakers of
tvin week Mr. Harry Culmer, the cele
brated artist from Salt Lake City, Pro
fessor Lemmon and others.
Count Tolstoi Out of Danger.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 18.— It is said
Count Tolstoi is beyond immediate dan
ger. • ''_¦_;•¦
Camp Fire Scintillations.
It was not until she had her daughter
under the influence of the whip that Mrs.
Thomas began to talk at length.
"Lillie, Lillie," she shouted . again and
again, "ain't you ashamed? I've treated
you so well. Here you've disgraced me by
making me bring you to this notorious
co't and to this notorious whippin' post."
And all this was punctuated with blows.
The Judge stopped the woman when he
thought the girl had been whipped enough
and mother and daughter left the court
together.
Mrs. Thomas, who persisted in calling
the Judge '"Boss," was pleased when he
told her she might whip her girl and then
take her home.
"When niggahs get bad you have to use
de rawhide," was her comment.
Last Monday Llllie Thomas of 609 East
Fifteenth street became very lonely. Lillle
is 12 years old and very black. Her mother
was away from home, and in looking'
about for a good time Lillie took $3 from
Mrs. Martha Elwell, a neighbor. Soda
water, lemonade and candy made rapid
inroads on this capital, and by the time
Mrs. Elwell had told the girl's mother of
the affair Lillie had not one cent left. She
was a very much scared girl when she sat
in court and was told of the gravity of
her offense. %
KANSAS . CITY. July IS.— For the first
time since his "whipping post" has been
established Justice "Walts had a girl
whipped in hia court this morning. Be
fore this the lash has been used on boys
only. A number of them, have been'
whipped for minor offenses, principally
theft. The Judge wa3 unwilling to punish
a girl in this manner, and it took a good
deal of pleading to convince him that such
a course was a good one. The girl's
mother and her lawyer both asked to have
the girl whipped rather than sent to jail.
Finally the Judge yielded and the mother
gave her child the best whipping she has
had for some time. It was, however, so
the mother said, only a forerunner of
what -vtas to come.
Sjjeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Colored "Mammy" Plies
a Whip Before Judge
Walts.
GIRL IS LASHED
IN HIS COURT
The Government has fixed up and
rrjuipped a lighter on which the biff guns
for the Point Bonita fortifications will be
carried. Four permanent ways have
been laid from low water to the top of
the cliff and two B^-inch steel cables
have been affixed to them. When the
barge and her load arrive at the Point
the cables will be made fast around It,
and barge, guns and fittings will be
hauled up over the permanent ways to
the top of the cliff. The first test of the
new scheme will be made with a load of
Lighter for Point Bonita.
The merchants and the Pacific Mall
Company are still dickering over the Ma
nila lino and now it looks as though the
latter will become an accomplished fact.
The City of Para Is to follow the Algoa,
while the Colon, now due hero from Hon
olulu, will take the Para's place on the
Panama. One of the Mall Company's
boats now tied up at Martinez will take
the Colon's run to Hawaii with Porto
Iticans.
Changes of Steamship.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Btate of California arrived from Puget
Sound ports yesterday and will be with
drawn from that route. She will replace
the Corona on the San DJeeo run and the
latter will take up her old schedule on
tho "narrow gauge" run between here
and San Pedro.
Changes of Steamship.
Advices of the Roanoke state that the
ICome City arrived at Nome on the 7th
Inst., and that the Newsboy with her
barge and livestock got in the next day.
The Jeanie, Elihu Thomson, revenue cut
ter Grant and steam whaler Fearless were
Jn pert at Dutch Harbor on July 12, and
the Charles D. Lane sailed from St.
Michaels on July 14 for Seattle.
Four vessels are scheduled to sail for
Alaska to-morrow, but the chances are
that some of them will not get away.
The John S. Kimball is expected to ar
rive this morning and as everything is in
readiness to give her quick dispatch she
¦will sail again to-morrow afternoon for
Nome and Teller via Seattle. The Cone
maugh Is booked to Bail the same day for
St. Michaels and . Nome, but as she had
not put in a^i appearance up to sundown
the chances are that she will not get away
on time. The Arctic for Nome and Teller
and the Homer for the Pribiloff Islands
via Dutch Harbor will both get away on
time. Quite a number of passengers are
booked to sail on the Kimball and Cap
tain Thwing is confident that he will
make a record run to the goldfiolds.
sels Now Due Here.
Arrivals at Alaskan Points and Ves-
NEWS OF THE NOME FIsEET.
The five drunken sailors, who, it Is sur
mised, set fire to the ship, quit work and
went up town just when they were most
wanted. Their excuse was that they were
not supposed to work on Sunday. Later
they w»ere arrested and will have to tell
all they know about the blaze.
While the fire was at its height Captain
Brokaw of the Fearless and Captain Colly
of the Bryant made a daring attempt to
entf-r the hold of the burning bark. They
»pre driven back but made a second at
tempt and succeeded. They located the
danger point and after getting back on
deck were able to direct the different
streams of water to the best advantage.
The weight of water gave the bark a
big list to port, but with the aid of a der
rick she was straightened up and then the
Fearless pumped her out. With the ex
ception of the machinery the cargo will be
a total loss, while the bark was consider
ably damaged and will require a thorough
overhauling on her return to San Fran
cisco
As soon as the carpenter discovered the
ship to be on fire he notified Captain Colly
ar.d then an alarm of fire was turned in.
The tug Fearless. Captain "Gil" Brokaw,
late of San Francisco, was soon on the
scene and put five streams into the hold.
The fire department also responded and
pouied water into the bark from, four en
gines. Even with this weight of water
the fire was slow in dying, so two holes
were cut in the port side about five feet
below the 'tween decks and the water
forced into the hold through those. It
took over five hours of constant work,
however, in order to drown out the blaze.
THE bark C. D. Bryant, which left
here June 19, had a narrow escape
from total destruction by fire on
the morning of the 8th lnst. As
It was the vessel had to be prac
tically scuttled before the flames were ex
tinguished. The Bryant arrived at Hono
lulu on July 3 with a cargo of hay, grain,
whisky and machinery- Her deck load of
lumber and livestock had been landed and
some of the merchandise had been re
moved from, the hold. Saturday night
when the men quit work all the hatches
were battened down, but on Sunday
morning when the fire was discovered
by the carpenter the covering of the for
ward hold had been removed. It was in
this hold the whisky was stored, and as
the five sailors on the bark" were drunk
when routed out of the forecastle the sup
position is that they broached cargo dur
ing the night and fired the ship by care
lessness with the matches they used. \
Thursday, July 18.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 22 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stmr Santa Roaa, Alexander, 45 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Aberdeen. Jensen, 27 hours from Ven
tura.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, hours
from Tacoma.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 75 nours from Grays
Harbor.
Br stmr Oak Branch, Schael, 18 daya from
Mororan.
Ger ship Neck, Relners, 63 days from Caleta
Buena.
Bchr Newark, Crangle, 12 hours from Fish
.Rock.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 18.
I Stmr Newport. Saunders, Panama and way
port*; Pacific Mail S3 Co.
Stmr HSneola. Kirkwood, Nanaimo; Pacific
Improvement Co.
Br stmr Strathnyle, Gordon, Portland; Cal
and -Oriental SS Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, July 18.
Stmr Xewi>art. Eaunders. Panama.
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, Eureka-
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka,
Stmr Aloha, Wehman, Fort Brare.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, .
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
fStmr Del ICorte. Green, Crescent City.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coo» Bay.
Stmr Mineola, Kirkwood, Nanaimo.
U 6 Btmr Hueh McCulloch, Coulsen, cruise.
Ship Yosemlte, Hamilton. Melbourne.
Bchr H D Bendixsen, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Forest Home, Wayland, Ladysmith.
Scfcr Monterey, Beck, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per Ger ship Neck— July 14, lat 86 25 N, Ion
129 20 W— Bark Big Bonanza, from Tacoma, for
Sydney.
June 20, lat 14 N, Ion 26 W— Br ship Carned
Llewellyn, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
July 1. lat 8 N, Ion 27 W— Ft bark Cap Horn,
hence April 3, for Queenstown.
July 14. lat 48 N. Ion 21 W— Br ship Duchal
burn, hence March 19, for Queenstown.
Per stmr Portland, at Seattle, July 18— July
13, lat f,2 40 N, Ion 146 10 W, stmr Centennial,
from Nome, for Seattle. July 15, lat 51 N. Ion
134 40 \V. Br stmr Wyefleld, from Vancouver,
for Et Michael.
MISCELLANEOUS.
GRAYS HARBOR, July 18— Stmr Olympic
was successfully launched.
TEL.EG RAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 18. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW-Salled July 1&-Schr F S
Redneld, for Honolulu.
NEAH BAY— Passed out July 18— Stmr Mat
teawan, for San Francisco; Nor stmr Tellus,
for San Francisco.
Paused In July 18— Schr Alvena, hence July
6, for Tacoma.
UMPQUA— Sailed July 17— Schr Beulah, for
San Pedro. July 14— Schr Wingr and "Wing, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived July 18— Barsro Santa
Paula. In tow of tujr Rescue, hence July 18.
Sailed July 18— Stmr Coqullle Hlver, for San
Francisco; barge Santa Paula, for San Fran
cisco, in tow of tug' Rescue.
ST MICHAEL— In port July 4— "Whaling Btmr
Jeanette, whaling Btmr Karluk, whaling Btmr
Belvedere, schr Pilot, stmr Santa Ana. U S
¦tmr Seward, Btmr Brunswick, itmr Cone
rnauch. Br Btmr Buckingham, schr Laurel, j
8tmr Saldle. brig Courtney Ford.
UNALASKA— Arrived July 4-Stmr Jeanle,
from Seattle.
TELLER CITT— Arrived July 7— Stmr Dora,
from Seattle. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 18— Schr
Jennie Stella, hence June 80.-
EUREKA— Arrived July 18— Schr Lottie Car
son, from San Diego; Bchr C T Hill, hence
July 2; Bchr Louisa D, hence July 6; stmr Em
pire, from Coos Bay.
Sailed July 18— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
ciico.
- Arrived July IS— Stmr Noyo. hence July 16.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed July IS— Bktn J M
Griffith, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 18— Stmrs Luella
and South Coast, for San Francisco; schr
Helen, for Nome.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 17— Br atmr
Alcoa, hence July 13,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The steamer Newport sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $30,915, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, '$9515; Central America,
t 35,316: Panama. J3084. The principal exports
were as follows:
To Mexico— 10S cs axes, 7 cyls ammonia, 6 cs
firms and ammunition, 500 gals coal oil, S cs
drtips. 48 baie3 dry goods, 17 pkers electrical
pupplles. 116 jiktrp groceries and provisions, 37,
01S ft lumber, 100 pkgs tubes, 10 Regs nails, 107
pkgrs railroad material, 155 bdls snooks, 4767
lbs zinc, 322 bdls wire, 1559 gals wine, 2 cs
whisky.
To Central America — 45 pkgs bottled beer, 120
CEks cement, 20 coils cordage, 4350 gals coal
oil, 163.SS5 lbs corn, 37 cs canned goods. 41 pkgs
<3ry P^ods, 12 cs drugs. 1127 lbs dried fruit, 4116
bbls flour, 10 pkgs vegetables, 132 pkgs groce
ries and provisions, 25 cs hardware, 102 lbs
hops, 25C0 ft lumber. 31 cs liquors, 315 lbs lard,
"0 cs machine oil, 10.6Q0 lbs malt, 23 pkgs ma
chinery, 16 kegs nails, 41 bdls oars, 14 crs
onions, 9S crs potatoes, 71 bdls paper, 34 pkgs
paints find oils, 12.331 lbs rice, 11.500 lbs salt
peter. 6000 lbs salt, 24.378 lbs tallow. 6 crs
wag-on material, SO cs 2852 gals wine, 321 bdls
wire, 60 cs 46 gals whisky, 66 kegs staples.
To Panama— 500 bbls flour, 200 crs onions, 200
crs potatoes, 300 crs garlic, 4 cs soap, 22 cs
drugs, 2 carboys acid.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Lake Lcman will load lumber at New
Whateom for Iquique (owner's account).
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
lumber, and if that succeeds then the big
guns -will be sent up.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALlJ FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.
Her Cargo Catches Fire While She Is in Port at Honolulu and the
Vessel Has to Be Practically Scuttled in Order to Save the Hull.
Everything Aboard Except Some Machinery Is Destroyed
BARK C. D. BRYANT HAS NARROW
ESCAPE FROM BEING CONSUMED
7
Sun rises
Sun sets .; -
Moon seta
Time Time Time
Date Ft. — ' Ft.
H W L. W H W
19 ... 1:18 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41
20 ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20
21 .. 3:12 4.3 8:56 1.2 4:00
22 .. 4:16 3.9 9:40 1.6 4:40
2J ... 5:26 3.6 10:22 2.0 5:21
L W H W L W
21 ... 0:17 1.3 6:43 3.5 11:12!
25 ..'. 1:12 1.0 7:56 3.6 12:09
I I
M
5.4
5.4
6.3
5.3
5.3'
I
5:01
7:30
.9:26 p. m.
Time
Ft.
L W
8:13 2.3
9:14 2.1
10:18 1.9
11:14 1.7
ii w
6:03 5.3
6:4$ 6.4
2.7
Steamer.
_[
From.
Due.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Rival Willapa Harbor
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael...
J. 8. Klmball.. Nome via Seattle
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock
Columbia Portland and 'Astoria..
Point Arena... Point Arena
Pomona- Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay
Crescent City. . Crescent City
Noyo Humboldt
Eureka... Humboldt
San Bias Panama & Way Ports..
Santa Barb' ra. San Pedro
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.....
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts.
Corona San Diego
Milton Nanalmo
Asuncion Seattle
Coronado San Pedro
3. Dollar Grays Harbor
North Fork.... Humboldt/
Mariposa Sydney & "Way Ports..
Sierra Honolulu ;
Arcata Coos Bay ..,
Hermonthls Seattle
3. W. Elder.. Portland and Astoria..
Mackinaw Seattle :............
Progreso Tacoma .........;.'.,',....
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego& Way Ports
Aconcagua Valparaiso. &'Way Pts.
-oos Bay Newport & Way Ports.
IJuly 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 25
July, 25
July 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
1~
Coquille Rlv.
Mandalay....
Arctic
Homer
Coneroaugh..
J. S. Klmball
Zealandia....
Umatllla
Rival
Coos Bay
Pomona
Santa Rosa..
Empire
Kalnler
St. Paul
Columbia
Coronado
Pt. Arena.. t.
Santa Barb...
July 1O.
Grays Harbor ....
Coquille River
Jnly 20.
No.mo and Teller. .
Alaskan Ports
Nome via Seattle..
Nome via Seattle..
Honolulu- .;
Puget Sound Ports
WlUapa Harbor ...|
Newport & 'Way Pt
.Filly 21.
Humboldt
Ban Diego & Way.
Jnly 22. j
Coos Bay
Seattle & N. What.
Nomo & St Michael
Astoria & Portland
Grays Harbor
Point Arena
Humboldt
.Inly 23.
Ban Pedro & Way.
Humboldt
Jnly 24.
Humboldt
Seattle & Hadlock.
San Diego & Way.
Jnly 25.
China- & Japan....
Puget Sound Ports.
Grays Harbor ....
Coos Bay
5 pm|
10 am
I i
12 m
8 am
4 pm
2 pm
Ham
12 m
9 am
1:30 p
9 am
10 am
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
2 pm
10 am
|PIer —
Pier 8
Pier 3
Pier 14
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
6th St.
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier a
Pier 31
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 2
Bonlta
Eureka
9 am
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 13
Noyo
Kobt. Dollar
State of Cal..
6 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Peru
City Puebla..
a. Dollar....
Area la
1 pm
11 am
5 pm
4 pm
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
la.
3ity of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.
:ity of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports.
ZtoaB. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City....
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.
iTarallon Skaguay & Way Ports.
Wctor'an Skaguay & Way Ports.
Jueen Skaguay & Way Ports. 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
S'omeClty Nome & Teller City....
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 24
July 23
July 25
July 25
Sun rises
Sun sets .; -
Moon seta
Time Time Time
Date Ft. — ' Ft.
H W L. W H W
19 ... 1:18 5.3 7:40 0.2 2:41
20 ... 2:14 4.8 8:20 0.7 3:20
21 .. 3:12 4.3 8:56 1.2 4:00
22 .. 4:16 3.9 9:40 1.6 4:40
2J ... 5:26 3.6 10:22 2.0 5:21
L W H W L W
21 ... 0:17 1.3 6:43 3.5 11:12!
25 ..'. 1:12 1.0 7:56 3.6 12:09
I I
M
5.4
5.4
6.3
5.3
5.3'
I
5:01
7:30
.9:26 p. m.
Time
Ft.
L W
8:13 2.3
9:14 2.1
10:18 1.9
11:14 1.7
ii w
6:03 5.3
6:4$ 6.4
2.7
Steamer.
_[
From.
Due.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Rival Willapa Harbor
Conemaugh Nome & St. Michael...
J. 8. Klmball.. Nome via Seattle
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay
Robt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock
Columbia Portland and 'Astoria..
Point Arena... Point Arena
Pomona- Humboldt
Empire Coos Bay
Crescent City. . Crescent City
Noyo Humboldt
Eureka... Humboldt
San Bias Panama & Way Ports..
Santa Barb' ra. San Pedro
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.....
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts.
Corona San Diego
Milton Nanalmo
Asuncion Seattle
Coronado San Pedro
3. Dollar Grays Harbor
North Fork.... Humboldt/
Mariposa Sydney & "Way Ports..
Sierra Honolulu ;
Arcata Coos Bay ..,
Hermonthls Seattle
3. W. Elder.. Portland and Astoria..
Mackinaw Seattle :............
Progreso Tacoma .........;.'.,',....
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego& Way Ports
Aconcagua Valparaiso. &'Way Pts.
-oos Bay Newport & Way Ports.
IJuly 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 21
July 22
July 22
July 22
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 24
July 24
July 24
July 25
July, 25
July 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
1~
Coquille Rlv.
Mandalay....
Arctic
Homer
Coneroaugh..
J. S. Klmball
Zealandia....
Umatllla
Rival
Coos Bay
Pomona
Santa Rosa..
Empire
Kalnler
St. Paul
Columbia
Coronado
Pt. Arena.. t.
Santa Barb...
July 1O.
Grays Harbor ....
Coquille River
Jnly 20.
No.mo and Teller. .
Alaskan Ports
Nome via Seattle..
Nome via Seattle..
Honolulu- .;
Puget Sound Ports
WlUapa Harbor ...|
Newport & 'Way Pt
.Filly 21.
Humboldt
Ban Diego & Way.
Jnly 22. j
Coos Bay
Seattle & N. What.
Nomo & St Michael
Astoria & Portland
Grays Harbor
Point Arena
Humboldt
.Inly 23.
Ban Pedro & Way.
Humboldt
Jnly 24.
Humboldt
Seattle & Hadlock.
San Diego & Way.
Jnly 25.
China- & Japan....
Puget Sound Ports.
Grays Harbor ....
Coos Bay
5 pm|
10 am
I i
12 m
8 am
4 pm
2 pm
Ham
12 m
9 am
1:30 p
9 am
10 am
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
2 pm
10 am
|PIer —
Pier 8
Pier 3
Pier 14
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 9
6th St.
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier a
Pier 31
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 2
Bonlta
Eureka
9 am
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 13
Noyo
Kobt. Dollar
State of Cal..
6 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Peru
City Puebla..
a. Dollar....
Area la
1 pm
11 am
5 pm
4 pm
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 13
la.
3ity of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.
:ity of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports.
ZtoaB. D. Lane. Nome & Teller City....
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports.
iTarallon Skaguay & Way Ports.
Wctor'an Skaguay & Way Ports.
Jueen Skaguay & Way Ports. 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts
S'omeClty Nome & Teller City....
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.
July 19
July 19
July 20
July 23
July 23
July 23
July 24
July 23
July 25
July 25
. THE EMPORIUM. j, THE EMPOEIUM. , | ' THE EMPOBrUM, | THE TnvrPQBiXTBL
I '.. The largest stock of California Souvenirs in the city—all at Department Store Prices. ' j
ii J j^^^*i_ ' ffi^3 BJmBIm^^^^ <3BaBi3w3 H X0 EN styles 2?c Che- 3f i^tt£$J?v-~3 Ml %
fcjL 1^^^ cal 8lle toda y5 CALIFORNIA'S I-ARGEST-- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE v f bg ! ; * f &^'^W$h& 1
•f regulary $l.5°i mi «« • m - m m a ¦« wide} in brown, jj™' » i
| SzesaKto^ i . .^ogg Two Hundred Lucky Men v^^r^. J^^ j
b ..-&, Will Get $7.50 and $10 tr^^T;:::;::. 9c]
I Children's School \3* ' ««./#«»«»«; &im ox? . - \
$ Hose 14c Pair. sW\ Suits for 94.33. Musio Special. |j
% Ext,, heavy ribbed fast black Cotton Hose, /) T \ JUSt * and Saturday flyer that Will We have purchased the fint edition of Wffllam .1
| f2^^S^S.'M : i^^ raort « ltfi sS^ B| 8
$ all titl 6 to io* special to-dv, L V^ 17 S Ore S P^'CeS are POSltlVely beyond all COm- the best he h« ever writtcn-and the big j
5 only... ' / • WC \ A ./petition. We will sell but 200 of these good Cheviot and store cfftnAem tib week, aU four compow- j
•f V -1 IT C, . n -. , ...... °. - - _ tions for 6UO S or any one of 4J *9 «'
fg- — ! *-^" • »\ Cassimere Suits at the ridiculously low price of ''four them percopy . mC 4
$ Special Sale ' ill thfHy-flvS." .They are the $7.50 and $10.00 qual- Thct u nm . *""** 5
If my, 1* __ _ _ j 1/ ity of Sack Coat Business Suits, in several different patterns; 'Th« scent of tha Rose" "Walta. f
jf Belt BUCKleS. . I this season's styles. They are well made, well lined, good ''£$££?"£ SSSin^iSSSS* 3
jf Soo Ladi«' Bdt Buckles in many pretty ftyfo, fitting suits; . an unsurpassed bargain at the d*JM f*~ "Whispering Leaves" IntermeMQ. 3
i st-^isn 5i*is : : • I Frid^r d St^ ay '*?? >r- ¦ 94-35 Men , s antt B t^m
{ regif/ar pf/C8S-the »U prices Also on Friday and Saturday— p a||G nn O-,/^ J
K .will be 25C to 31,25 MgL Men's Pants— $$oo kind, fine patterns, for $2.68 ¦ U3 P S °" ******' i
J? s — <fc *^ [f^ Men's Pants — A splendid good fitting $3.00 kind for The bal- '
g Special Sale of _]? Sl.95 TLt
I Men's Furnishings Spepia g Sage Two Thousand t«, 1
! KlF 0] %'op Boys' School Suits.
•f \Jt€/\< V I f oc * f8 i* We've made a deal just in time for the opening of school that >—^ Boys' Sailor Caps will be offered to- 3
m ir\-jf \ luil nne heavy JVIaco ... , .... , J , - ,". . , . . . ,_ r . f 1 . ' * . . _ \
Jf \~-2f Y BJll yarn; in tans only; . will delight the mothers of this city and vicinity. We JV7? dav »°d Saturday at about half j
* ¦ \!ft\ N s! « s ' io » io H an^ dosed out for a little more than half && worth vV; regular prices. They are
E \I!lV\ \ 11. A sock never from one of the best makers in the country their entire /"'t^wS perfect in every respect, new, up-to- 5
5 \Nak \ JiJ s d .. lwS jSd" "'^ ' stock of Boys' School Suits. There are more than 2000 /] V m V date goods. * j
I \ \. \ Saturday " *" suits in the lot in every desirable style foi school — hundreds /j \ Men's Golf Caps— Plaids and fancy -^ J»
*? y K \ \\ ["..ISO of them good enoueh for best. Never before has V> ' "7 mixtures, worth 20c, for... If© *
% //Ai Man's u n - the Biff Store of fared suvh values. \j \ j' '\
«f (£/ don WOan— Boys' $3.00 School Suit', $1.98— All-wool materials in new colorings and .I w J caps for 16c *
5 1 at'. • a v FinC ?, U f ky ° f^ e ' P*«erns, double-breaEted jackets and knee pants, sizes ,A Boys' WoV (UV^Vri* se^"," cheviots, plain
J nno Silkokne mixed; the weU-known New tor 8 to 1 5 years, on sale at <& B a +9*9 ft II oth ud fanc^ ca3simer^ \ ooA Talu £ \
K Britain goods. A sightly, well-wearing gar- g . $4 0Q Schoo , Suits> $2.48— Fine quality, all-wool Cheviots and "Y f 75c, fl.OO and |l.<O, Friday and $
U ment; warranted not to shrink; manufactured Cassimeres in the newest stripes and checked effects, trimmed and made \ Saturday, for 57O*
2 to iseU at $ 1.75; special Friday and Saturday, t0 stand hard wear s ; ze8 g to 1 6 years, on sale at &*% JE *> rf V **>_ ¦ " ' '" $
f «U «,„, p tr garmen t StmiS ' '" $L~*^- FHUBy GrOCC^ j!
if Mgtn'r " h'n'e»nn"n'ni* QhSnta Boys'. $5.00 Schoql Suits, $3-48— Attractive designs m all-woolen p'aids %^\ . Stntl LitaUOf Salt*
* £Z,tc™? P >A Golf SMntS- / nd8 T ripc8 a!sop:ainblue Thib C ts and Srrges, sizes 8 to 16 years, excep- -*O >?O URUOr O31C *
K J t P , I M f S d S} rCg " GSC tional S°° d value at on sal c at. ! ......... &&**!& Mocha and Java Coffee-Our hoe 3S c q «Uty %
*' Men's ' Suspenders-*™ quality Boys' $5.00 and $6.00 Long Pants Suit*, $3.Q8-We wiU offer during this sale a selection ™* """ Ms t0 P Iease ~^7 9Og% {
$ linen webs in plain colors and fancy checks; of ten of this season's newest styles, all made and trimmed in the best pos- *% Qg% , '» o ,[Zr' T^ ' * * mlfcUJtfl a , 3l
J kid and silk ends; our 50c value; sible manner, size, for 1 2 to ,9 years, regular | S and values, on sale at... &vSm&& Blackwell », thyroc .
K for a da y s .• • • • • & * C — — — — ~Zi7~* Rice— Fancy Ja'pan, t«><hy| "5 ibs.*.*.* * *.*. 25O 5
% f o//f«c' fSnil~**><£ rSeiSteniaBt* the Herring— Best Milchner, lar 2 e and fat, to- -3
i Photographs on Lajnes< uouars, silk Sale. *s — ¥f : - p r-'-i e«sh2so \
K mm +m- nn m 5 fOBT PWiGO OF 1. ~ *****•*>* Sardines— The Penaro brand, extra quality, Jl
J EpWOrth InOUntS. A . Our entire line Of WaSh tonelesss, largesquare tins, to-day only 22O jj
i We've h^d a special Souvenir Mount made for Jin^r^t SH1<S — the Quality— S&^Jg g2%2S *
S =^?ST^3 conars.^gt, the best made-in this
J on a pretty, gray background, and we'll R*—^ gj JiS SeaSOn SprettieSt patterns je,^' MoorV «AA» JSBgtLSTgfS $
jf make the pxtures in our very best style for .(. f~-*~ l j£lo£ si'zes, to b e and COlOT effeCtS, tO-day that the Big Store .,11s regularly 95 c bottle, ,J
% .the next two weeks, per 4gOJ||| L I J~~~Tr^ sold special to- oprl hfllflfirP rtf VVPPV S2 ° % \
$ d0 " n • j. J toj tin * ha ur. do - ana DaianCe OT WeeK Port or Sherry-Good table wine, regular 75c 'J
g These will make a nice remembrance gift to (n iunchcs on ) y ThtPfV-FiVe COitS gallon V^' to^y S5o \
» friends you have made on your visit to San s;-^, " "" m <JT ' ' m *~ «»•»¦»•*» Malt Extract— Johann HorTs, regu!arly $3.00 *
$ Francisco. . 6 FOt* 13C & YaS*Um dozen, to-day $2.80 %
AAILWAT TRAVEL.
Five Cheap
Excursions
East™
Santa Fe
The places, the rates for
the round trip and the
dates of sale are below.
The other details can be
had of the 'Santa Fe
Agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
Aug. 22 and 23;
Sept. 5 and 6.
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20 and 21.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
August 20 and 21.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
5 and 6.
THE COMFORTABLE WAY IS
Santa Fe
641 Market Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:66. 8:30. '9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:46, '1:45, 8:15, 4:15, 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m,
SUNDAYS-7:00. 8:00, •9:00, »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:43. *l:30, 2:30. »3:43, 5:00. 6:00, 7:S0
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . ¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. «
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — *5:23. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a. Jn.. »12:25. 1:15, 2:20. »3:3o. 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. '8:00. 9:45, »ll:00 a. m., *U
"ra.. 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, 4:30, . %:io, 6:45, 7:30, 10:19
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO 1
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:3\
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays, Wednesdays
an>] Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
1-20. 2:30. 3:45, 5:00. 6:15, 7:15, 10:S0 p. rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . ¦ .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:25 r. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a.m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations,
30 «. - m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. " . . ;;¦..¦•
EAUWAT TBAVEL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«nv« noil nr« «lu«» t<» arrive at
WAN (UtNClMt).
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
liatx — Fsou July 14. 1901. — akkiti
7:00a Benicia, Suisun, Elmira and B«cr».
memo ., . 6iS.tr
7:00a VaeaTille, Winters, Ramsey 7:55p
7 :S«* Martinez, SauKamtm, Va'.lejo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa 0:2,1r
8:OOa DaTis, Woodland. Knigbts Laodlag,
MarysTille, Oro»ille.. 7:B3p
8:00a Atlantic Kzprees-Ogdeu and East 12:23p
n : o« a Xilea, Lathrop. Stockton ?i23p
SiUOANiles, Mendota, Hanford. VisaUa.
Porterrille •f:35j»
8:30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Bpriogs), Willows. Red
Bluff. Portland. 7:55p
tiSlOA San .lose. IJrennore, Stockton.
lone. Bacrainento. FlaeerrUle.
MmTSTille, Chlco. Ksil llliiff 4>S3p
SiSOa Oakdale. Chinese (Yoaemite), So-
nora. Carters 4:23p
9:00a Hayward, Nilesaod Way Station!.. Mi-VJa
9i«Oa Vallejo l»:23p
!>:UUiLo3 Aogeles Express — Martlnm,
Tracy, Xjatlirop. Stooktou. Meroed
Fresno and Los AoKeles 7:2Sp
OiUOA Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i33p
10:00a The Oferlaud Limited— Ogdeo, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicagu 6i»3r
tl:OOp Sacramento ItlTer 8te»iuern {3<OOa
a:3»p Hayward. Milrs and Way Station*.. 7:33p
4iOOr lieuicia, Winters, t&eraineuko,
Wuoilland, Knitlits Landing,
MurriTille. OroTllle IO:3^A
4iO»p Martinez, Hati lUmon, Vallejo,
N»i>h, C'Hlinloun. .Suita lion »<*3A
4:OOp Nlles, Livermore. Stockton. Ixxli... 13>3Sp
4<:((>r Hayward, Mlei, Man J«»»e, LiTtrmora tS>ii3A
4<SOp Port Cos a. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton 10:23a
5:OOpTIio Owl Limited— Fresuo, Tulare,
Bakendeltl. 8augns for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Aueeles S<33a
StOOp Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Jler-
ced, Fresno 12:23p
5:0«pYo«emite 12:23p
St3Op New Orleans Exprens— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakerstield, Los Angeles.
Doming. £1 faao. New Orleans
and East 7:33a
6:00p Hayward, NHesandSau Jose 7i33*
iOiOOp Vallejo 11:23*.
UtOOr Oriental Mall— Ogilen. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 13:23p
¦sOOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. DenTor.
St. Lotus, Chioaco. «:23p
7i00p Oregon ami California lOifress.Hio-
rniiipiitn, Marymllle. ItpiMInf,
I'oitlniiil. Tuget Hoiiiul ami Raat SiSSa
•iO3r San Pablo. Port Coata. Martinea
and Way Btations 1 1.25*
1»!<>SP Vallpjo : 7:33p
COAST LINE (Ss-rrorr U.nge).
¦ (Foot ot Market Street.)
1Ti45a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta> Cruz
and Principal Way Stations {9>O3p
•*15ANewark,CenterTllle,SanJoi!e; Felton,
Boulder Creek.SautaOrnz and Way
Stations 3i3»r
tSiISp Newark. CeiiLerTille. San Jose, New
Alniaden, Felton, Houlder Creek,
Bantu Crux and Frlnclpal War
Stations IOiIJIU
4il3p Newark, flau Joss, Loi Gatos fSiROA
4*tlSy Olenwood-BonldCT Creek. SanU Cms « »»3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SAN FiUHCISCO-rooi of Mwkot Strut (Slip 8)—
t7:16 0:00 . 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:00 6:1Bm«.
from OlUlSD-raiUrBtasd wit.— tit:OO {8:00 13:03
10:00a.m. 12:00 8:00 i:00r.M.
COAST IilNEJ (llroail Huge).
(Third mid Tow naandSts.)
~ OiIOa San Jose and Way HUtlons Stilil
f7:0OA Pau Joieaml Way 8UU«n J . l '?* p
/•7i«»A New Alniaden / *ilO«
17>SOa Sunday Excursion for 8»n Jose.
Santa Cnis. P»cifle Grow and
Principal Way SUUons ;9i30p
•¦OOAHan Juie. Holllntcr. Huita Crnz.
raolllc IJrofe, balinas, San Lola
Obispo. Santa Barbara aixl Prln-
dpal intermediate Stations i'22 T
10:80a Ban Jose and Way Stations «»30y
I ItXOA Man .loia anil Way Stations OiSOr
ttti I3p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara, flan .lose.
HoUlster. 8anta Oru*. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific nroTe H0t43A
' liSOpSanJoie, Tres Pinos, Santa Ctm, '
Padflo Grore and Way Htatlnns 4tl0r
4«tl5p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:43a
f3tOOrSan Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations fJ«O«A
BiBOp San.lnae and Principal Way Htatlons «:30a
•iOOp Kedwood. Han Jose. Cilroy. Salinas,
Santa Bsrbsra, Lo* ADgeles 'J 1 ®**
8:3Ap San Joss ami Way SUtlona >£'?."*
qllt4Sr 9an Josh ami Way Stations 7i3S>y
' A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'tHnndayeicepted. J Bunday only,
o Saturday only. (Monday. __,, •
« Saturday an 1 Snndayj / Tuesdays and Ndays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' Via Saoaafits Perry-Foot of Varkct St.
7S2i-"i WEKK DAYS $ lMl'2.
8:00 A. M.l f 12:15 P.M.
9KX)a. M. 1:18 p.m.
.WtZ\ »^i>ays i *%; : 2
ISO P. M. 5«) F. M.
230 p. M.J I 7J0P.K.
I Pare. Saa Prmnutwo to Sammlt sad Satsrn, Sl.M
Ticket OfSces. 621 Market St., & Sansalito Perry.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
CILIFOIfflU H0BTH1ESTEBI ET. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tfburon Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. >:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
J:30. 6:10, «:30 v. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1J0, 1:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
"WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:55
and 6:33 p. m.
EUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05. «:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j ArrWe
San Francisco. I April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I San- I I San- I Week
Dayg. | daya. [ Deetlnatlan. [ daya. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I S:05 pra 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa.) 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:2S art
• 8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
7:30 am I 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:00 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm »:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm! Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stapes connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; ac
Geyservllle for Skacss Springs; at Cloverdals
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnes. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda. Bay. LaJceport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring?. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a. BuckneU's*
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. 'West-
port. Usal. Willits, LaytonvlUe. Cummins,
Bell's Scrice*. Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond | San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
Building.
H. C WHITING, H. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa- Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
| Dally I * t Dally \ Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
1 Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 »
" Fresno .. 1:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:60 p
" Hanford. 3:13 p 3:27 p 7:Ma
•* Vlsalla .. 3:40 p 4:48 a
" BakerstMd 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
I " Kans. Cy 2:40 a 7:30 a
i " Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California L!m-
! Ited. leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carryiDK Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining;
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
- Correspond Ing train arrives at 12:30 p. rn.
dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist 81eepers »nd
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding: train arrives at
5:56 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Jcaqnin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land.
y^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mj-KTxIim 6129 HGABST ST. Established
HWf^&nin 1S54 for the treatment of Private
tB/5ky*s3I Dhpa.se! 1 !. I-fnt Manhood. Debility or
HpHbI rt JM»agp wearlneon body and mind and
Diseases. The-Doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
SSljfllEUBIgg Cnr«>> crnarante«><t. Callorwrlt*
Dr. 4. r. iiltinos. San Francisco, CaL
Weekly CaU.Sl.OO per Yea**GRIFFITHS WINS
GREAT HANDICAP
MOTHER OF THE MURDERED
'GIRL, TWO AND
THE DEFENDANT'S ATTORNEY.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, July 18.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 4 S
Philadelphia 13 18 0
. Batteries— Case and Bergen; Orth and Doug
lass. Umpire — Dwyer.
CHICAGO. July 18.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Chicago ..." 6 11 j
New York „ 6 ' , 11 2
Batteries — Kanon and Kling; Taylor and "War
ner. Umpire— Cunningham.
PITTSBURG, • July 18.— The ¦ score:
Clubs— . B_ H. E.
Plttsburgr 3 6 3
Brooklyn 4 6 1
Batteries— Tannehlll and Zimmer; Kltsoa and
McGuire. Umpire— Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, July 18.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 4 t
Boston 8 14 0
Batteries— Murphy. Su'dhoff and Ryan; Hei
don, Dtneen and Kittredge. Umpire — Xash.
DETROIT, Mich., July 18.— Cresceus, the
chestnut stallion owned and driven by
George H. Ketcham of Toledo, won the
free-for-all trot on the Detroit Driving
Club's track at Grosse Pointe this after
noon and incidentally trotted the fastest
heat and won the fastest race record ever
made. Charlie Herr. the brown stallion
owned by David Cahill of Lexington, Ky.,
and driven by Kelly, waa the only oppo-,
nent in this race, and he was a~slow sec
ond. ' ' . . . ¦ _ ':• :
Cresceus won the first heat by , five
lengths ln 2:06%, breaking the racing rec
ord for this year on any track, and ln the
second heat' he led by anywhere from live
to ten lengths and finished easily ln 2:05
flat, breaking the world's racing record-
Summary:.
2:27 class trot — Coxey won fourth, fifth and
sixth. heats. Best time, 2:16%. Meta Arthur
won the second and third heats. Best time,
2:14%. Springrdale won the first heat in 2:18.
Vic Shlller. Toledo f Bee, Betsy Ross. Captain
Bracken, Ladle Patchle. Jurash, Ruth Ardella
and The King also started.
2:09 class, pace, purse J2jOO— Sphinx S won
the fifth, sixth and seventh heats. Best time,
2:09%. George won the third and fourth heats.
Best time, 2:0814. Argetta won the second heat
in 2:08%. Sidney Pointer won the first heat
In 2:07%. Carmine, Arbuteskan. White Hose.
Goshen Jim, Rey Direct and Annie Thornton
also started. -
Free for all trot, purse $2500 — Cresceus. ch. B..
by Robert McGregor (George H. Ketcham)
won two straight heats. Best time. 2:03. Char
lie Herr. br. a. (Kelly), also started.
Following is the time by quarters: First heat
— :30%. 1:02%, 1:35H. 2:06»4.
Second heat— :30%. 1:02%. l:So. 2:03.
BAXL ON EASTERN FIELDS.
Both of the Chicago Teams Win
From the Visiting Nines.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
_ DETROIT, July 18. — The score:.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 8 13 1
Detroit 6 15 8
Batteries — Lee and Clark; Teaser. High and
Buelow.
MILWAUKEE. July 18.-The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Milwaukee 2 7 1
Philadelphia 18 3.
Batteries— Ha wley and Maloney; Bernard and
Powers.
CHICAGO, July 18.— The score:
Clubs — . R. , BT. E.
Chicago 9 13 0
Baltimore 18 6
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; McGlnntty
and Bresnehan.
CLEVELAND. July 18.— The score:
Clubs— - R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 10 2
Boston 5 8 4
Batteries — Hart and 'Wood; Winters and
Schreck.
Wins the Free-for-AU Trot
in Hollow Fashion From
:¦;••£¦' Charlie Herr.
Trots 'the Fastest Heat
liver Negotiated in
a Race.
GAME CRESCEUS
BREAKS RECORDS
Southern Pacific Excursion Hates
From San Francisco All Over
the State.
On sale for Epworth Leaguers and
friends, -| July 12 to August . IB, .= fare and
third round trip. Stopovers everywhere.
Watch ! announcements special excursions
special days. . Literature and rates, infor
mation bureaus andticket offices, 613 Mar
ket street and Mechanics' Pavilion. :
Laughlin, Special United States Indian
Inspector, is making an effort to -negoti
ate a treaty with the Yakima Indians
whereby they will accept allotments and
sell to the Government a large part of
their great .reservation in the Yakima
Valley. Not much has yet been accom
plished, as the Indians ask more money
than Inspector McLaughlin is authorized
to give.
Negotiations with the- Yakimas have
been in progress more or less constantly
for two years. They were finally suspended
by the Government, and two months ago
the tribe sent a representative to Wash-'
ington' to Interview the "Great Father"
about the matter. The Indians desire es
pecially to sell a large tract of land" near
Mount Adams which was recently award
ed to them after a long controversy over
the title. The Indians use many pointed
arguments as to why their price should
be paid. /
•-: :
Falls Into a Mine Shaft.
TACOMA, July 18.— To-day's mail from
Cape Nome contains news that Michael
McHale met with a terrible accident July
3. He fell 110 feet down the shaft of the
Goodwin claim, on Gold Hill, and though
he was seriously injured. he was alive six
days later. In starting down the shaft on
a side ladder McHale grasped a pole
which lay across the top. The pole
snapped and McHale was precipitated into
the ehaft. head downward. One of his
arms was .broken but he was not injured
Internally.'
Government Official Meets With Lit
tle Success in Effort to Obtain
Yakima Property.
TACOMA. Wash., July 18.— Joseph Mc-
INDIAN'S DEMAND MOKE
MONEY FOB THE I*ANDS
- - , i-a Proposed. Game.
SANTA CRUZ, July 18.— At Watsonville
the announcement of a game of baseball
between the " "Boston Bloomer. Ladies'
Baseball Club" .and the team of that
town next Sunday has caused the Wom
en's Christian Temperance Union to adopt
resolutions. In substance they are as
follows: " . . . -
"We, the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union of Watsonville, standing for
those principles which uplift humanity and
for a proper observance of God's holy day,
do most earnestly deplore and deprecate
the appearance of our sisters, the Bloom
er Baseball Club, in Watsonville, espe
cially on the Sabbath day, believing that
woman's privilege as well as her duty is
to elevate and not desecrate mankind. We
wish to plead with all thoughtful parents
and young people to stop and consider
what if it were your daughters, your sis
ters, and to see your influence for purity
and righteousness on that holy day."
- . ' • s ? " ';< -1
Infuriated Bull Kills Vaquero.
v MONTEREY, July 18.— News comes
from" Kings City that .Jose- Sanchez, an
aged vaquero, was gored to death by an
infuriated bull on the Spreckels Sugar
Company's ranch. 1 Sanchez was about to
fasten: a rope to the ring in the animal's
nose, preparatory ' to leading him to
water, when the bull drove his horns into
the man's abdomen. ', Other, vaqueros went
to the man's assistance, but nothing could
be done to save him from death. -¦
¦ ¦ » ¦ ' . . .
Oil Laden. Ship Goes Down.
NEW YORK, July IS.— The full-rigged
ship Commodore T., H. Allen, outward
bound with 8000 cases of oil for Hongkong,
was discovered to be aground and on flre
just outside of Sandy Hook this after
noon; Word was telegraphed to this city
and a' number of tugs and flreboats " went
to her assistance. She was later pulled
off, towed inside the Hook and anchored
near the : shore. .. Late to-night she' sank
in seven fathoms cf water . . . . ,
'Christian^Temperance Union in "Wat
sonsrille* Makes Protest Against
OBJECT v TO 'THE WOMEN
PLATEWG^BAIili OH SUNDAY
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— Gauntlet
won, Ting-a-Ling second, Dominie third. Time,
1:56%. ...
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs—Inno
cencia won. Water Scratch second, E. M. Brat
tain third. Time, :55.
Fourth race.' five and a half furlongs—Hager
don.won. Valencienne ¦ second, Algaretta third.
Time. 1:07.
¦ Third race, five furlongs — Sir Dougall won,
Midlove' second, Esplrando third. Time, 1:01%.
BUTTE. Mont., j*uly IS.— Results:
First race, one 'anile— Calvert -- won, -Cousin
Letty second, The Buffoon third. Time, 1 :44.
Second race, six furlongs— Miss Remsen won,
Alaria second, Devereaux third. Time, 1:15V6>
Sixth race, seven end a half furlongs, sell
ing—Lizzie A won. The Boer second, Montreal
third. Time, 1:34%.
Fifth race, five furlongrs-J. Patrick won. Ar
tificial second, Lauretta Burke third. Time,
1:03%. . .
First race, seven furlongs— Great American
won. Magnet second, Slegfeld third. Time,
1:28%. -
Second race, four and a half furlongrs, sell
ing — Dixie Queen won. Bronze Medal second,
Edwin Kenton third. Time, :55%.
Third race, one, mile and a sixteenth— Dr.
Riddle won, Chappaqua second, Alfred Har
grave third. Time, .1:47.
Fourth -face, six furlongs," selling— Francis
R«is won, Jake Weber second, Sneak third.
Time, 1:14%.
BUFFALO, July 18.— Fort Erie results:
Fifth race, one mile and three-sixteenths —
Judge .Steadman won, Irving Mayo second.
Fiddler III third. Time, 2:03.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Ben Frost
won. Horseshoe Tobacco second, Hungarian
third. Time, 1:15.
Third race, one mile. Belling: — Menace won,
Kairy Day second, Bulgarian' third. Time, 1:43.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling— La De
sirous won. Lord Neville second, Domlnis third.
Time. 1:291,4. ' ---
Tenny Eelle won, Echodale second, Sweet
Dream third. Time, 1:22.
that he had. one.
• "I went back to the home," said Beam
er, "and Mrs. Wilson led me to a wood
shed in the rear of the House, where she
said her husband used to-keep his pistol
In a box. I found the pistol in a box that
was at the entrance. It was wrapped in
a piece of cloth and smelt of powder. One
chamber was empty. It contained two
-blank cartridges and three loaded car
tridges. I showed it to AV11
son. 'That is my pistol,' he said. 'It is
the one I had when I was on the force.' "
Detective E. J. Wren was the last wit
ness called. Wren declared he was pres
ent when Maggie- Hartwell had Identified
"Wilson as "the man who r-ad shot her. He
also told how Wilson had denied having a
pistol, and that when he was shown the
pistol found in his house he had declared
that he had made a mistake. Wren also
testified that Wilson had told him he had
shot at .a fence at 7:30 o'clock that even
ing, and that he did not -know when the
other shot had been discharged.
With Wren's testimony the prosecution
rested its case. Ex-Judgre Bahrs and ex-
Judge Ferral; counsel for the defense,
waived the right to the introduction of
testimony for the defense. ... .
Officer R. H. Beamer, who arrefeted Wil
son, told how lie had the wounded child
sent to the Receiving Hospital and had
then gone to take Wilson into custody.
"I went to Wilson's home," said the of-
had shot at them. "Wilson was standing
by the dying girl's bedside when she made
her statement and she identified him as
the man who had fired the fatal shot.
Tells of rinding the Pistol.
Officer Ewse was the next witness and
testified how' he had assisted Officer
Beamer in sending- the defendant to the
Receiving- Hospital.
"After 1 had Wilson in the van bound
for the hospital," he said. "I returned to
his house to search for the pistol. 1 had
previously had a conversation with Wil
son while we were at' the patrol box in
regard to a pistol. Wilson then declared
he had no pistol, that he had done.no
shooting and had no occasion for a pistol.
"I found the pistol," continued Ewse.
"in an old scrap box in the cellar in the
rear of his house. The pistol laj- on the
top of thfe box wrapped in an old piece of
cloth. It contained three loaded cartridges
and two blank cartridges. One chamber
was empty. Mrs. Wilson, the wife of the
defendant, led. me to the cellar, where the
pistol -was, but rhe did not direct me to its
hiding place.
"Afterward, when I got to the Receiving
Hospital." continued the witness, "I
showed the pistol to Wilson. He said it
was his and that he had fired with it at a
fence at about 7 o'clock that evening. He
said he had no recollection' of any other
shot fired."
CHICAGO. July 18.— The Hyde Park
stake to-day produced a stunning surprise
in the defeat of Abe Frank, the suppos
edly invincible two-year-old. He was
beaten by both Sir Oliver and Memnon.
Six j'oungsters started In the Hyde Park,
which is the richest two-year-old event in
the West. Summary: y
First race, five and a half furlongs — Belle's
Commoner won, Handwagner second, Emma
thlon third. Time, 1:11. ""
Second race.-Elx furlongs— Money Muss won,
Likeness second. Boney Boy third. Time, 1:17.
Third race, the Hyde Park stakes, six fur
longs. J50C0 added— Sir Oliver, 113 (T. Knight),
10 to 1, won; Memnon, 110 (Winkfleld). 9 to 2,
second; Abe Frank, 121 (Bullman), 7 to 10,
third. Time, 1:15 3-5. Pentecost, Charles W.
Meyer and Runnels also ran. • . . .
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Alas
ka won. El Ghor second, Evelyn Bird third.
Time. 1:51. .
Fifth race, six furlongs and fifty-five yards—
Firthland won, "Winter second, Odnor third.
Time. 1:19 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— Joe Col
lins won. Knight Bannaret second, Hosl third.
Time, 1:57.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Brighton Beach re
sults:
First race, six furlong*— Isia won, Lucent
second. Colonel Padden third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, five furlongs — Otis . won, . r>e
Reszke second, Byrne I of Roscoe third. , Time,
1:01. V-
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth—Her
bert won. Wax Taper second, McGrathlana
Prince third. Time, 1:45 1-5.
Fourth race, the Brighton Oaks, one mile
and an eig-hth— Relna won, Sweet Lavender
second, Janice third. Time, 1:54 4-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Animosity won. Balloon second. Surmise
third. Time, 1:46 4-5.
Sixth race, six furlcngs, selling— Lady Ster
ling won, Fonsolita second, Playlike third.
Time. 1:14 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 18.— Delmar Park results:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Lee Nutter
won, Sting second, Maggie Clopton third. Time,
l:03>4. . •
Second race, six and a" half furlongs, selling —
ABE FRANK OUTFOGTED
AT THE CHICAGO TRACK
Beaten by Sir Oliver and Memnon in
the Hyde Park Stakes.
TUB preliminary examination of
ex-Policeman Wilson for the mur
der of little Maggie Hartwell was
brought to a sensational close in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday
afternoon. The machinery of the law had
moved slowly. The testimony of all the
witnesses offered by the prosecution was
in. The case had been submitted and the
Judge in even tones had reviewed the
details of the brief trial.",
"I hold," said his Honor, "that the evi
dence introduced in this case tends to es
tablish the fact of the killing of Maggie
Hartwell by the defendant here, Robert
G. Wilson. I further hold that he be held
to answer in the Superior Court before a
jury of his peers. And furth.er that the
charge remain as it is, murder without
bail."
The last word had hardly passed the
Judge's lips when Mrs. Hartwell. the
mother of the little murdered girl, tot
tered to her feet and in shrill toneS called
out: *
"God bless you. Judge Conlan, for that."
A shiver ran through the courtroom.
The defendant's eyes opened wide with
an awful hunted look in them. The
Judge turned, frowned and whispered an
admonitory "hush," and then Mrs. Hart
well lay back with a deep sigh. She had
swooned.
There were many of Mrs. Hartwell's
Shipley street friends in the courtroom.
They rushed to her assistance, and with
the aid of a little cold water and a
draught of cool air they restored the be
reaved mother to consciousness. The
crowd filed out of the courtroom and the
incident was closed.
F. I. Fitzpatrick was the first witness
called. Fitzpatrick took the dying state
ment of the murdered cfiild in the Re
ceiving Hospital on • the evening j of the
Fourth of July. He declared there were
present at the time Officer Folev, Ser
geant Shea, Detective Wren and Dr. Ste
vens. He told how he had questioned the
little girl about the shooting and how she
had told him that she was playing on the
street with other girls and boys shooting
off firecrackers and how ex-Offlcer Wilson
George JlcOermott, the last of the "lion
comiques." died recently in London. It
was he who introduced the song:, "We
Don't Want to Fight, but by Jingo If We
Do."
The plans of the buildings, which are
twelve in number, -were drawn bv a Gov
ernment architect. They represent build
ings of the mission type and all are to be
completed by next March. The total cost
will be $159,uO0.
Features of unique interest were the ad
dresses ot pupils of the Perris Indian
School and tne music by the mandolin
club and band of the same institution.
Olty and county officials and newspaper
men were present from all partB of
Southern California and were the gruests
of the city.
Frank A. Miller. Riverside. CaL— My Dear
Sir; I have your letter of the 22d inst. and
thank you for bringing its subject-matter to
my attention. Please convey to the people of
Riverside my coraial greeting and congratula
tions upon the occasion of the laying of the
cornertton* oi the new • Indian school. Sin
cerely yours. WILLIAilvMcKIXLEY.
EXECUTIVE MAXSIOX.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July IS. 1901.
gressman Mcl^achlan. an oid schoolmate
of Mr. Sherman, is present and will lay
the stone. He will be assisted in the cere
mony by Captain A. C. Tonner, Assistant
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at Wash
ington."
benator Perkins then called on the
ecnool children, who sang "Onwara,
Christian Soldiers," after which the Kev.
K. K. Goff of the Congregational church
offered prayer. Captain A. C Tonner de
posited the box in its place in the stone.
Addresses were delivered by Captain Ton
ner, Congressman McL<achlan and Will A.
.Harris. Messages were read from .Presi
dent McKiniey, Congressman Bard, R. H.
Pratt, Superintendent of the Carlisle In
dian School, and Albert K. Smiley, mem
ber of the Board of Indian Commission
ers. President JMcKlnley's message was
as follows: %
"This institute is named in honor of
Congressman Sherman of New York. Con-
RIVERSIDE. July IS.— The cornerstone
of the Sherman Institute of the Southern
California Industrial Indian School was
laid to-day with impressive ceremonies.
The site of the new school is on Magnolia
avenue. At the time for the opening of
the exercises thousands of persons . had
gathered to witness the ceremonies. Sen
ator Perkins presided and introduced as
chairman George Frost, president of the
Riverside Chamber of Commerce. Senator
Perkins said:
6p*clal Dispatch to The Call.
Message of Congratulation
Prom the President
Is Bead.
Impressive Ceremony
Before Thousands
at Riverside.
INDIAN SCHOOL
STONE IS LAID
Evans was hit freely, and at times was
rather wild, giving free transportation to
six of the Dudes. Croll made a sensa
tional catch of Moskiman's long hit to
center in the fourth, robbing the "Doctor"
of a two-base hit. Drennan also accepted
a hard chance in the eighth, making a
long running- catch of Croll's hit to the
center garden.
The same teams will line up for battle
to-day. Following is the official score,
which tells how San Francisco lost the I
grame:
SAX FRANCISCO.
Two more runs were added to Oaklad's
score, one In the sixth and another in
the seventh, making a total of five, Mos
kiman, for the Dudes, pitched a good,
steady game, allowing but three scatter
ed hits and walking only two men. He
also distinguished himself by putting the
ball over the center field fence in the
sixth, but, fortunately for the Germans,
the bases were empty. Arrellanes, Dren
nan and Francks also shared honors in
the batting-, the first named hitting- out a
three-bagger and each of the latter get
ting a two-cushion swipe.
San Francisco and Oakland opened this
week's series at Recreation Park yester
day afternoon with disastrous results to
the locals, they being outclassed at every
point in the game by the balltossers from
Oakland. Uncle Hank's men secured bul
one run to five scared by the men from
across Hie pond.
San Francisco started out like a sure
winner. Croll sent, a hot one* to Francks,
who threw badly to Eagan, "Steamboat"
taking second on the play. Hlldebrand
KacrlHced, advancing Croll to third. Pabst
followed Iiildey's example, scoring Croll.
Ivrugr then hit an easy one to Arrellanes,
retiring the side. This ended the run
getting of the home nine.
Neither Bide did anything more until
the fifth, When Drennan got to first on
Krug's error. Moore hit to Schwartz,
who made an error out of an easy one,
putting two men on bases. "Dutch"
Streib advanced to the plate, straighten
ing out one of Evuns' curves for a sacri
fice nnd advancing- Drennan and Moore.
"Truck" Kagan lined out a hot one' to
Krug, who succeeded In piling up another
error, Drennan scoring on the play. The
'Germans seemed to go to pieces in this
innlne and when the dust had cleared
a'/ay the bell rang three times for Ew
ing's men, Dunleavy and Eagan having
scored in the mlxup.
Visitors' Pitcher Swats the
Ball Over the Fence
for Home Run*
Oakland 0, San Francisco 1.
the First*
With One Run in
San Francisco Quits
OAKLANDS BEAT
THE LOCAL NINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, JbJilD A r, J VLY 19, 1901.
Hysterical Woman Shrieks a Benediction Upon Judge Conlan When
the Ex-Policeman Is Committed to Stand Trial for the Murder
.of Her Little Girl and Then FaJJs ; Back in a Dead Faint
MRS. HARTWELL GREATER SCENE
IN COURT WHEN WILSON IS HELD
Defeats Large Field of
Contestants at the
Traps.
> —^
Carlough, the New Jersey
Marksman, Secures Sec
ond Money.
?
NEW YORK. July 18.— Eugene C. Griffiths
of Pascoag. R. I., duplicated his victory
in the grand American Handicap at live
birds last April, at Interstate Park. I* I.,
by -winning the Grand American Handicap
at inanimate targets from a field of seven
ty-eight contestants at the same place
to-day. Griffiths took part In both con
tests last year but was not In the money
either time. Last year he stood at twenty
yards In the target handicap, but did not
get a place In the first sixteen. This year
the handicapping committee placed him
at nineteen yards, and after a spl'endid ex
hibition with the shotgun he beat all the
others, breaking: So out of 100 targets.
F. V. Carlough of Rutherford. N. J.,
shooting from the sixteen-yard mark,
broke ninety-three and secured second
money, while Charles Wagner of Sche
nectady, N. T., broke ninety- two at a
distance of seventeen yards from the
traps.
On the whole the conditions to-day were
satisfactory, as the weather -was clear and
a good light wind prevailed. Five sweep
stake events, each at sixteen yards rise,
were decided prior to the handicap, and
in these Crosby carried off the honors, as
he did not miss a single target, making: a
continuous run of eighty-five straight tax
gets. Following is the score:
Before the handicap 'was shot off five
sweepstakes events were decided. Results;
First event, IS bluerocks, j Bl entriei—W. R,
Crosby. R. O. Helkes, B. LeRoy and J. S.
Remsen 15 each.
Second event. 20 targets. 92 entries— O. E.
Mink. Fred Gilbert. "W. R. Crosby. *-Mlnso'* J.
Cowen and D. Sanford 20 each.
Third event, 15 targets. 95 entrl«s— O. H.
Pierce. XV. R. Crosby, W. Hood. F. Stearns. B.
LeRoy. A. H. Winchester. C. H. Warner. C
"W. Phillips. L. D. Squiers. M. Sanford. I\ I>.
Kelsey, E. D. Fulford and J. Martin 15 each.
Fourth event. 20 bluerocka. 95 entries— W. R.
Crosby. C. E. Mink. J. M. Hawkins. R. A.
Rahn, J. C. Hicks. P. Stearns, C. "Wagner. J.
Cowan and W. C. Morris 20 each.
Fifth event. 15 bluerocks. 93 entries— Xtf. C.
Crosby, F. D. Snow and C. W. Phillips 13 each.
Zurich In Switzerland seems to have
more clubs In proportion to Its population,
than any other city. In 1S93 the number
was 534, but this had increased to 771 in
1901.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
<"roll. c. t 3 1 0 0 1 0 Oj
Hlldebrand. 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 3 0 10 1 2 If
Pabst, lb .3 0 10 6 0 0
Krufr, s. s. 4 0 0 0 15 2
Nordyke. r. f 3 0 0 0 S 0 0
Reilly. 3b 3 0 0 0 12 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Evans, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 29 1 3 0 24 11 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f 3 1 3 2 1 0 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 0 0 0\5 0
Streib. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Eagan, lb 3 1 0 0 19 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 1 0 0 1 0 0
Francks. s. t= 3 12 0 3 2 1
Arrellar.es. 2b 4 0 2 0 2 6 0
Lohman, c 4 0 0 0 110
Moskiman. p 4 110 0 3 0
Totals 3C 5 8 2 27 17 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 .0101000 1—3
Oakland 0 0 0 0 3 1 10 •— 5
Base hits 1 10 0 12 2 1 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Evans 2. Home run—
McFkiman. Three-base hit— Arrellanes. Two
base hits— Drennan, Franckn. Sacrifice hits
Hlldebrand. Pabst. Streib. First base on er
rors—Oakland 3, Pan Francisc-o 1. First base
on called balls— Oakland 4, San Francisco 2
l-*ft on bases— Oakland 10. San Francisco 4~
Struck out— By Evans C. Time of frame— 1-35
Umpire — Graves. Official scorer — McFarlln.
Doyle Wins for Champions.
SACRAMENTO. July IS— The Sacra- j
mento baseball team won easily from
Los Angeles to-day, owing: to the inability
of the losers" to hit Doyle when hits meant
runs. Hale was found for ten safeties,
among which were a home run by Court- j
ney, a three-bagger by Mclaughlin and '
two baggers by Stricklett and Devereaux.
Doyle won his game in the first inning
and was at no time in danger.
I-evy umpired a faultless game. Score:
Lt)S ANGELES.
r, , x. „ «u AB - R - BH - SB - P0 - A. E.
Brorkhoff. 2b 4 0 0 v 0 1 3 o
Kfllr. s. s 4 0 n 0 1 6 0
Hutchlnson. lb 4 0 n o ]¦• o 0
Householder, of 4 12 0 2 0 0
Bowman. If 4 l i o 4 0 o
Reilly, Cb 3 0 0 0 4 3 0
Splef. c 3 0 10 3 0 0
.Tones. Tt. 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hale, p 3 0 10 0 11
Totals 32 2 5 0 27 13 l
SACRAMEN'TO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. e. s 3 1 1 1 \ 4 11
McLaughlin. If. .... 4 2 2 1 1 0 0
Courtney. 2b 5 12 113 0
Doyle, p 5 0 2 0 1 3 0
Hanlon. lb 5 0 1 0 15 0 0
Stanley, c 4 1 1 0 5 0 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 1 2
llcGucken, cf 4 0 1 1 ,1 l n
Stricklett. rf 2 110 0 0 0
Totals ....36 6 11 4 27 12 ' 2
RUNS AND 'HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 20000000—2
Base hits 0-3 0001100— r,
Sacramento 3 0 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 — (¦
Base hits 3 0" 1 2 1 1 1 1 1—11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 5, Doyle 2. Home
run — Courtney. Three-base hit — McLaughlin.
Two-base hits — Devereaux, Householder • 2,
Stanley. Hale. Stricklett. Sacrifice hit—Strick
lett. First base on errors— Los Angeles 2.
First base on called balls— Hale 4, Doyle 1.
Left on bases — Los Angeles 4. Sacramento 8.
Struck out — By Hale 3. by Doyle 4. Double
plays — Doyle to Hanlon; Reilly unassisted.
Time of game — 1:28. Umpire — Levy. Scorer —
Rutherford.
8
NAMES.
iHandl-l
cap. I
Yards. Killed
E. C. Griffiths, Pascoag. R. I..
P. V. CarlouRh. Rutherford. N. J
C. "Wagrner, Schenectady. N. "Y..
K. Baijk!«. New York
W. Hood. Baltimore
R. C. Kirckner. Rochester. N. T.
T. D. Kllsey. East Aurora. N. T.
P. Stearns. Richmond. Va
Colonel C. J. Anthony. Char-
lotte, N. C...
D. W. Sawln. Gardiner. Mass....
E. C. Fort, Fostoria, Ohio ....
J. J. Hallowell, Philadelphia
W. R. Crosby. CFallon. Ill
Q. G. Stephenaon, Brooklyn
I. K. Malone. Baltimore
I. C. Elder. Chambersburg:, Pa..
19
18
17
19
13
17
18
13
IS
19
13
IS
23
18
13
13
95
93
93
91
91
99
S3
83
83
S3
S3
87
87
87
S6
ss
NAMES.
iHandl-l
cap. I
Yards. Killed
E. C. Griffiths, Pascoag. R. I..
P. V. CarlouRh. Rutherford. N. J
C. "Wagrner, Schenectady. N. "Y..
K. Baijk!«. New York
W. Hood. Baltimore
R. C. Kirckner. Rochester. N. T.
T. D. Kllsey. East Aurora. N. T.
P. Stearns. Richmond. Va
Colonel C. J. Anthony. Char-
lotte, N. C...
D. W. Sawln. Gardiner. Mass....
E. C. Fort, Fostoria, Ohio ....
J. J. Hallowell, Philadelphia
W. R. Crosby. CFallon. Ill
Q. G. Stephenaon, Brooklyn
I. K. Malone. Baltimore
I. C. Elder. Chambersburg:, Pa..
19
18
17
19
13
17
18
13
IS
19
13
IS
23
18
13
13
95
93
93
91
91
99
S3
83
83
S3
S3
87
87
87
S6
ss
Newbro's Herpicide does this and caoses
the hair to ktow luxuriantly. Just as na-
ture Intended, it should.
2IEW ATiu KMTr-SKIYl.KNTSl
The Heal Cause of Dandruff and
Baldness.
At one time dandruff was attributed to
be the result of a feverish condition of
the scalp, which threw 'off the dried cu tl-
¦cle>'ln - scsiles."l' ¦'¦*' ¦¦^^-^- '¦'•'. " ' *sx
Professor Unna, ' Hamburg. Germany,
noted authority on skin diseases, explodes
this theory and Bays that dandruff Is a
g-erm disease.
This germ Is really responsible for the
dandruff and for so many bald heads. It
can be cured if it is gone about ln the
right way. The right way, of course, and
the only way, is to kill the grerm.
STATEMENT
i OF THE—*
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ oy th w ¦
Frankfort Marine
Accident
And Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF FRANKFORT-OX-THE-MAIX. GER-
many. on the 31st day of December A. D
1SC0, and for the year ending on that day"
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
ln C*** 1 I312.50O0O
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..... 1237 693 U
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 8SSJS39 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 851.153 78
Cash in Company's Office » JS 19
Cash ln Banka 173 088 91
Due from Agents and from other
Insurance Companies 867.553 78
Bills receivable, not Matured taken
for Fire and Marine Risks «.S40 85
Total Assets ..f2.6Sl.334 63
LIABILITIES. ¦
Losses adjusted and unpaid :
Losses ln process of Adjustment or
In Suspense I2SL7C3 8S
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Xavigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 10O per cent 63.J72 25
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
Liability under other Branches 697.762 60
Pension fund 23.105 03
All other Liabilities 808,136 01
Total Liabilities .'. ..$1,771,144 7C
E*Ct>ME. "
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums H.431.781 38
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 43,838 34
Received for transfer fees 214 50
Total Income $1,495,632 22
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Losses $701,965 30
Dividends to Stockholders.^ 81,250 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 385,574 07
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 84,900 02
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 8.2S5 28
All other payments and expenditures 47.9SS 93
Total Expenditures $1,307,963 64
CARL HOFF, Vice President.
P. DUMCKE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me.- this 13th
day of April. 1901
RICHARD GUENTHER. Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers*
204, 206 and 208 SANSOME STREET,
; • San Francisco. Cal.
¦ ¦¦-•-- v -^ .. • . , ¦_
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Frankfort American
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NETV
York, on the 31st day of r>ecember, A. D.
1900. and for the year ending on that day;
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provlslona
of »ectlons 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. ,
Amo-int of Capital Stock, paid «P '¦- „„ M
In Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS. ,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company... J39..024 39
Cash In Banks • 49.371 2S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,923 33
Premiums ln due Course of Collec- _¦
tion -aTrS32 22
Total Assets —. HS8.651 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
ln Suspense *1HI2 H
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 36,300 00
Gross premiums on Risks runnlnj
one year or less, $ ; relnsur-
ance 50 per cent - 110,837 S3
Gross premiums on Risks running;
more than one year, f ; rein-
surance pro rata 16,969 03
Total Liabilities n79.0t7 SO
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums .....* J223.799 95
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 9,900 00
Received from all other sources 15,867 66
Total Income $254.567 31
- . EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing I— — , losses of previous years) $S9,075 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage : 63,545 7«
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc S, 420 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 4.452 40
All other payments and expenditures 64,619 66
Total Expenditures $207,013 74
F. G. VOSS. Vice President.
J. M. SMITH. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, ¦ 1901.
aay oi o ,. ED wiN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.*,
General Managers,
204, 206, 208 SANSOME STREET,
Snn Frr.ncl«co, Cal.
DR.MEYERS&CO. jglig^,
Specialists. Disease JBJjs&Z? <; "^^fik
and weakness of £§*£ V
men. Established WS&j ____ ' _ji| C
1S81. Con sultatlon f(\9 f nem9t^Si
and privata ; book \Jv^ . J*l
free, at office or bjr - *Wj|V ' ' y«if> I
mall. Cures g-uar- jxffi^ '^jffi^W
anteed. 731 Mar- \<^im^^W
ket street (eleva- i^ "*?&!£&¦'$
tor entrance). San >gy^/ _ygjwfK
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ¦
beer is the beer of civiliza- kW
tion. Go to any part of the jfcj«
earth where mankind values jfc|3
purity, and you will find |||
Schlitz beer is the recognized km
pure beer. | i
For fifty years the Schlitz g||
agencies have followed Efegj
white men's conquests. grfi
They are twenty years old fV
in South Africa. jplj
Schlitz beer was famous in ;
Siberia before a railroad was jay!
thought of. Brj/j
When Japan and China gsifj
first began to awake, Schlitz »;£§}
beer was advertised in their isrSs
newspapers. Rljs
Almost as soon as Dewey fcgjkj
captured Manila 210 car- ggS
loads of Schlitz were 1^
there. gj3
Today Schlitz agencies so feed
dot the globe that when it is P|pS
midnight at one it is noon- |5j|g}
day at another. W\fi
The quality by which ICU
Schlitz beer has won distinc- f&m
tion has been its absolute fepj
purity. Every physician the WflL
world over will recommend Prj
Schlitz, the beer that made few?
Milwaukee famous. pl^ i
'Pbon* Msin 447. Sherwood & Sher- Exi?
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco K^?
The Beer oi
Civilization
*mm*.- VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY forMEN
Arw mormon bishop's pii.ls
M&M**,.V* tm\e been ln use over fifty
HESir^CEa i*" 6 " by the lsadp rg of the
BtZ%£jlS2A Mormon Church and their roh-
IB'S#»y*©B lowers. Positively cure the
S5f|i7'«l>iK!Gf ¦worst cases in old and youncr
•&%kvlSr arising from effects of Eelf-
\?*S?'CK»a abusp, dissipation, exresspg or
vSrJWyfcy' '•iKarftte-smoking. Cure Lost
xJtgr*SiV|' Manhood. Imrotency. l^ost
wOHMwr Power. Xight Ix>ss<>s. Insom-
nia, Pains ln Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm Varicocele or C«n-
Ftlpatlon. Stop Ne •"» I J rvous Twitching
of Ey*llds. Effects Z^~!?— are Immediate
Impart vliror and *»="*3 potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore email, undeveloped organs
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; Me a
box: fi for $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxe*. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO .
40 Ellis »t., San Francisco, Cal. GRAXT
DRUG CO.. 28 and 40 Third gt.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
5 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
i £) :051)U£XXTST.l9tt.C&Jt7&,S.r.Cal.4
\ Sg Tbe Largest AnatcmiaUMusrsm in the \
g -J**^*- World, weaknesses or any contracted C
~ fejg* <rse«« p»«ltlw«.|r«-«re*hyth« oldest T
0 ffe ta 1 Specialist on the Coul Est. 3* years- (p
J 4 §#?} DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ 1 (f}5?5$B Consultation free and >*rict)y prirare. \
m I lSiSL ft TrMtnent personally or by letter. A m
w m tr 121 If Pentite Curt in every case undertaken. T
1 F If II A Write for Book. PBILOXOPHV »t A
? " 0 !~ MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A.V
A A 1} ralctble book for mi) \
f OIL JOED AX A CO., 1051 Market Ht. S. F. Von horseback; and our. Methodism, has been on
the go or t"he gallop ever since. . ' I do not In
dulge ' in anything like poetic license when I
-«ay that these old saddle-bag preachers who
crossed the line together with their successors
did mere to lay the moral foundations of our
country than any -other agency. The dust of
many of those American pioneer preachers
bleeps in many an unmarked grave, but some
of them deserve a cenotaph in Westminster
Abbey.
They were mighty men. They were not all
college bred. In ridicule some of them have
been called graduates • of bush colleges and
fellows of swami) university, but they were
the men who knew how to reach the hearts oC
our people and struck at the evils of their
times as with the strokes of a sledgehammer.
Yes, they were great men. They belonged to
a ssecial and spiritual peerage. It is true
they lacked the dilettantism of the modern
divine, who described a tear as that small
particle of aqueous fluid trickling from the
visual organs over the facial lineaments, in
dicating ecstatic- joy or bitter grief, but their
preaching often brought tears of penitence to
eyes that had never, wept. for sin before. Like
Bruce's army at Bannockburn, these men won
their victories upon their knees. But it was such
preaching and praying that gave us a Chris
tian Canada, bo that the 'bond that binds our
hearts to your treat Methodist church is'one
that can never be broken.
. And, sir, in Canada we ¦were constantly re
minded'that all your great men are not dead.
,We had evidence to that effect. • if such were
needed, -at the last international convention o£
Epworth Leaguers which met In Toronto.
• The closing remarks of the day were
made by H. M. DuBose, general secre
tary of the Epworth league. of the M. E.
church South. He also spoke In the high
est terms of appreciation, of the royal re
ception and welcome which the Epworth
League : delegates have received in this
city and State. He dwelt eloquently on
the great achievements which have char
acterized the course of the league in the
past and drew a brilliant picture of Its
future possibilities. Notwithstanding the
lateness of the hour and the number of
speeches which had been made previous
ly, his remarks were received with ap
plause.
Just previous to adjournment a tele
gram conveying the congratulations and
best wishes of State President Lyonel S.
Rodgersof the State Christian Endeavor
Union was received and read.
The proceedings of the initial day of the^
great convention were fittingly brought
to a close with music from the choir and
prayer by Bishop Joyce, president of the
Epworth League.
DURBIN PRAYS
CONVENTION MAY
BE SUCCESSFUL
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 15,
1901.
Dr. J. I». Berry t Cordial
greetings to the Epworth
League. May our good Lord
prosper you in the work to
-which, you have consecrated
yourselves.
WIXFIELD T. DURBIN,
Governor of Indiana.
BLISS REGRETS
HIS INABILITY TO
BE PRESENT
Governor of Minnesota.
LANSING, Mich., July 16, IU01.
Dr. J. P. Berry: I regret
exceedingly that important
official baslneiN .prevents my
presence at San Francisco.
I have watched the growth
of the Epworth League -tvlth
gratitude and pride and am
glad to count myself an hum
ble member of the organiza
tion. May vre all be more
worthy of the traditions
handed down to us by our
fathers, whose sacriflcc and
toil made possible the heri
tage into -which we have en
tered. A. T. BLISS,
Governor of .Michigan.
HOPES LEAGUE
. - MEETING MAY .
DO MUCH GOOD
SPRIXGFIELD, III., Jnly is.
. . Dr. 1 - J. - B. •Berry i Please
carry - to . the convention my
cordial greetings. I do not
forgret that I had the honor
of being the flrst president
ot. the chapter of Grace
Church, Jacksonville, 111., and
have' ever since had an ahld
ingr interest in the organiza
tion.. > May- your coming con
vention be productive of the
highest good to the church
and the nation.
... RICHARD TATES,
-. Governor' of Illinois.
Daily Epworth League Excursions to
Southern California July 18 to
' 'V August 15.
Southern Pacific sells Epworth Leaguers
and friends round trip tickets to Southern
California, including San Jose, Santa Bar
bara, Los Angeles, Riverside, Redlands,
San • Bernardino, Santa Ana. Pasadena,
Pomona. Long Beach and Santa Monica
for $19.50, limit August 31. Stopovers
everywhere. San Diego. Catalina. Mount
Lowe. Del Monte and Santa Cruz slight
extra charge. Call at Southern Pacific of
fices'; 613 Market street and Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Hopkins Institute Free.
¦ An announcement that will be of inter
est to every visitor in the city was made
at the Mechanics' Pavilion last evening;
The management of the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art will open the building to
the public to-day free of charge. It Is well
worth a visit from all lovers of art and
can be' reached from nil Market-street
cars by transferring to Powell street.
Lost Ticket Found.
Samuel Alder, a laborer in Golden Gata
Park, picked up a railroad ticket yester
day afternoon marked Leonldas Robin
son, Missouri. He turned It over to tha
authorities and before the loss was an
nounced 1c. the Mechanics' Pavilion last
evening, Dr,..Filben had been notified. Mr.
Robinson was considerably disturbed by
his loss and will not know of his good for
tune until this morning.
LEAGUE ODE
OF WELCOME
Somppsed^ by Miss
Dunsmore of
; -^ v V Oakland.
;, The^ following song of greeting . has
served to -while away the weary hours
passed by the Alameda County section
of the reception committee while waiting
for belated ; trains. It was comDosed by
Miss May Dunsmore, a member of the
Chester Street Epworth League' of Oak
land, and A.. Sandholf of the Swedish
League of Oakland, both of whom are
aids .in the Oakland section. It is
adapted to the air of "When the Roll Is
Called Up Yonder," and when sung with a
full chorus has a peculiar effect:
EpworthXeague Welcome Song-, 1901
California bids you welcome to this land of
sun and flowers.
To this land beside the wide Pacific Sea,
We greet you, Epworth Leaguers, and a happy
band is ours, — *
As we. sive you a welcome full and free.
CHORUS.
Welcome, ¦welcome, Epworth Leaguers,
Welcome, welcome, Epworth Leaguers,
Welcome, welcome, Epworth Leag-uers.
California gives a welcome full and free.
"Look up, lift up" is our motto, "all for
Christ" the world we'll win,
If for him we battle do and never flee:
In his name we bid you welcome, in the name
of Christ our King,
California gives you welcome full and free
The Subscription Fund.
The subscriptions to the Epworth fur.d
yesterday amounted to $518 86, increasing 1
the total to $20,538 86. They were as fol
lows:
James D. Phelan and I. J. Truman $ 133 86
First National Bank 60 00
Cluett, Peabody & Co 25 CO
So. Pacific "Milling Co. (2d donation).. 25 00
Chinese Con. Benevolent Association.. 100 CO
George Caswell & Co 25 CO
California Safe Deposit (2d donation).. 20 00
Vulcan Iron Works 20 00
Cliff House 20 00
Somers & Co 20 00
Piper, Aden, Goodall & Co 10 00
Pacific Ref. and Roofing Co l» 00
P. P. Hooper 10 00
Union Fish Co 10 00
S. & G. Gump 10 00
Poly-Heilbron Co .'. 10 00
Henry Levy 10 CO
Palo Alto 5 00
Dr. J. P. de Vecchi 5 00
John Butler...' 5 00
B. F.* Barton 5 00
Total $ 518 86
Previously reported 20.0SO 00
Grand total ....J2O.598 86
« ? ¦ ~T".
New York City had at the beginning 1 of
the Civil "War a population of about one
quarter of what it has at present — 805.000.
Taxation for city purposes, now 1100,000,000,
was then $5,000,000. \
JEFFERSON, Mo., Jnly 10,
1OO1.
Dr.-. Joaepli P. Berry: I
most .cordially srreet the
members of yonr great con
vention and waft tlicm my
best wishes for the " success
of the mighty work in which
they are engaged. It is im
possible to . overestimate the
blessings to_ humanity that
have been wrought by your
powerful organization. Wish
ing you. a delightful session,
I beg- to- remain • yours sin
cerely, ¦
ALEX M. DOCKERY,
Governor of Missouri.
BEST WISHES
OF GOVERNOR
OF MISSOURI
ROCK COMfeS
IN WINDOW
Narrow Escape of Ep
v worth League
Guests.
BERKELEY,' July !§.— Without the
slightest warning some 'one hurled a rock
through the front window of Judge' W.
G. Witter's house, at 2301'Durant avenue,
last night at 9:30 o'clock. The parlor was
crowded with guests and splinters of
glass flew over the people, cutting several
but none seriously.
Judge Witter was entertaining friends
from Wisconsin who are delegates to the
Epworth League convention when the un
provoked assault occurred. After the
first excitement several men ran from the
house in an effort to catch the miscreant,
but no one was found. The rock, although
not large, was heavy enough to carry
well. '* :'¦¦ •' ¦¦- , - •
Judge Witter has lived here but a short
time. He can give no explanation for the
attack. .He has offered $50 reward for the
capture of the rock thrower. . ¦:¦,
Meeting' for Juniors.
A; special meeting, not on the pro
gramme, has been arranged for the ben
efit of the* Junior League 'members. "It
will take place Saturday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock. in the Mechanics' .Pavilion.' The
addresses to the juniors will.be delivered
by three of the most famous Junior Ep
worth ¦ League workers . In . ,the United
States. They -are Mrs. -Anna Hobbs-
Wookcock of Illinois, Mrs. Anna Smiley
of Lowell, Mass., and Miss H.- H." Season
pf "Washington, D.-C. All of the boys and
girls in San Francisco -should attend this
meeting, as well as those who are work-
Ing with and for them.
WHERE CANADA
GOT METHODISM
Rev. J. Henderson of Toronto
.Speaks of League in His
v -Country.
Rev. James Henderson of. Toronto, Can
ada, responded to the welcome in behalf
of the Canadian contingent. He said in
part: '
I am reminded to-day of our great obligation
to ycu— that which has made us largely what
we are. It was from- you, sir, we got much
of our- Methodism. Your adventurous -Wil
liam Losee was the morning star of the Meth
odist church in the wilds of Canada. And
among the names which shine the brightest on
the • roll of Methodistic ¦ fame in our coun
try are those of Dunham and Ruter and Bangs
and Black and Freeborn Garretson, the latter of
whom,. sir, you will remember was converted
LEAGUE TENETS :
ARE OUTLINED
Eloquent Address of Bishop
I. W. Joyce/: President j
of the League. ;
The first response to the welcomes ex
pressed by the previous speakers was
voiced by Bishop I. W. Joyce, president
of the league. When the applause that
greeted his appearance in the rostrum had
subsided he said, in' clear, resonant tones:
Mr. President: "We are glad to have theee
words cf greeting and of welcome.. They do us'
good. Kind words., are always refreshing —
especially to strangers. ¦ This Epworth League
Conference Is made up of representatives from
the country charge, the village church and the
city station. We come from the farm, the
store ar.d the' shop, k from' the factory and the
of rice. We come from " the academy and the
college and the schools of - the great profes
sions. •- ' - ¦ ¦ . . . -
Ministers of the gospel are here. Lawyers
and physicians are present; Editors and re
porters are of Our number, and one spirit ani
mates all these delegations and the entire con-
ference. One purpose will give coloring to all
utterances and: actions during this conference,
and that will be how to better serve that for
which the Epworth League stands, s'o that'we
can best serve Jesus Christ.and.his -world-em
bracing cause. Many of us • have been for. a
long- while looking forward to this occasion —
been anticipating the pleasure of the journey
to this city. :•'; ' . , • .
Well we have seen the attractive plains and
pawsed through the fertile hill country, and we
have been made glad by the scenery of ¦ the
mountain ranges, . and the ride down the Pa
cific slope has. satisfied us in every particu
lar. We are here from all parts of the United
States and from the- Dominion of Canada. . In
deed, I would not be far from the ' real facts
If I should say "the blood- of: marty nations
is represented in this < Epworth . Conference."
And if I may Be allowed"' «. *en1i-prophetic
view of what may take place in the coming
years, I would say "It may be that some fu
ture Epworth .international conference will be
made up of delegates from every, nation on the
faca of the earth."
An Occasion of Gladness.
Our surroundings at this hour are most
happy, and the occasion is' filled with the
spirit of a great gladness. In the providence
of God we are here in the city of San Fran
cisco.
We recognize the fact that many thousands
of people during the years pass through this
citj. going to the most distant parts of the
earth or coming from the same. Some of these
multitudes are missionaries, going in the name
of our Lord, with the Word of .Life to heathen
people, and others are of the same class,^re
turning from their distant fields with broken
health, coming home to rest, regain health
and return to their deeplv loved work.
Others of these numbers are in queBt of for
tune, or of health, or of intellectual gains, or
of pleasure, while in very recent years thou
sands of American boys have passed through
this city to render service under the Stars and
Stripes in the interest of humanity in dis
tant lands. Many of them were members of
the Epworth League and there on the fields,
of battle, as everywhere, they were true to a
great principle, and did their duty well.
We also recognize the fact that in this city
there are many who love the Lord Jesus
Christ, and are in alliance with' him for the
best service they can render In enlarging' the
kingdom of our Lord In the earth. • We wish
to say to these friends that we hope 'our com
ing among them will be to them a spiritual
blessing.
To the best of our knowledge and belief
every one of these thousands of leaguers come
from a Christian home and each one is him
self a Christian.
The city will suffer no ill from the presence
of such a company of people. They will send
their prayers to heaven in your behalf— that
God will bless you in all things and keep you
in great peace.
This Epworth conference, Jt seems to me.
should be a blessing to this, city and to our
selves also. - -
THe purpose in coming here is not a common
or an ordinary one. It is to help and be
helped.
What the Emphasizes.
The things the Epworth League emphasizes
indicate its character and reveal the kind of
.service it tries to render. They are:
First — Right personal relations with God.
. Second— True Christian character.
Third— Best Christian living.
Fourth— Courageous, useful, Christian service.
The central secret of the whole Is fellowship
with God.
It is a great work to win men to Christ; to
build them up in righteousness- and send them
forth for high service in the interest of the
kingdom of Jesus Christ.
In this way- Christ becomes more than mere
teacher. He becomes Savior to each one;
purifier of the soul. He becomes leader in
paths of safety that lead to victory.
This enriches with the strongest thinking,*"
the purest affection, right living, and bravest
doing, and these\ will crowd the best workers
to the front In all forward movements in the
church of God.
The hope of humanity Is in Jesus Christ.
The doctrines he taught and the principles
he announced grow upon the conscience and
judgment of thoughtful men as the centuries
go by.
The Epworth League Is intended to stand
for him, and to contend for everything he
taught, and for everything he wants men to
be and to do.
We cannot overlook the fact ' that problems,
world wide in importance and interest, con
front the church of Jesus Christ to-day. Some
of them are of a character she never faced
before. They affect the man and the child,
the home and society/the State and its Instil
tutlons. Multitudes of the most devout aTid
thoughtful men and women in the land are
deeply concerned over the gravity of the sit
uation indicated by .some of these problems.'
Rev. J. C. Simmons Believes
Young Leaguers Do
Much Good.
The Rev. J. C. Simmons of Woodland
was introduced as the Nestor of Jhe Meth
odist Episcopal Church South. The-vet
eran minister was accorded a flattering
'reception. He expressed the welcome to
the delegates in behalf of California
Methodism. He said In part:
When California opened her .heart to entend
an invitation to the great International Ep-'
worth League- Conference, she had back of
that a welcome as cordial as the invitation.'.
California is known all over the world for its
big things. We can fearlessly throw down the
graur.tlet and defy the world to beat fts— even
In bragging. And I fear if we were to tell
you how welcome you were to our hearts and
our homes you could • hardly, .comprehend us
and would perhaps think we were bragging.'
But it will require only a few. hours' inter-,
course with us to convince you that all we -say:
is hi sincerity. -, • .' '
"., But. .while we sive you a welcome as wide
as our fertile 'valleys and ' as . deep as ' our
mighty rivers, yet we do not want' to give all.
We look to you fora great spiritual, uplift that
will make California, rood as. well as great..
We look to you to burnish our gold and to set
it with new and rare gems and to glorify It
•with the splendors of a. holy zeal for the cause
of- our common .. Master. "• We • expect great
things from you and trust, that yomvlrifluerice"
for good will be; as -wide as : the; welcome we'
give you. T " *'.'¦-» ¦.•¦,' • .' •'¦':'.•% ' ¦¦ , '„'¦•••'¦>• £?*
The Rev. Mr.. Simmons'- address was In
terspersed with humorous y anecdotes,
which kept the convention in high good
humor. When, in 'his peroration, 'he al
luded to God as knowing no difference be
tween a Methodist from the North or
the Methodist' from the South. 1 the au
dience rose to its feet in v a burst of en
thusiasm. 'At/the close ' of the address
Rev. Mr. Simmons was cheered. . -"* *
CALIFORNIA MAY
DEFY THE WQRLD
THE SAN FEANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY v 19, 1901.
OPENING SESSION OF THE GREAT WORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION
Continued from Page Three.
tion of the laws promulgated in these
three provinces. •
The residents of the Island of Cebu have
protested, but. without success, against
the return of that island to military con
trol. Several towns in Cebu are still be
sieged by the ¦ Insurgents. The insurrec
tion on the Island of Bohol has been re
newed and insurgent sentiment in the
province of Batangas is strong.
General Chaffee has ordered a battalion
of the Thirtieth Infantry to begin the
occupation of the island of Mlndoto. The
province of Batangas will be occupied by
the entire Twentieth Infantry.
H. Phelps Whitmarsh, Governor of
Bengruet Province, who was recently or
dered to Manila for investigation of cer
tain charges against him, presented his
side of the case to the United States
Philippine Commission at its executives
session to-day. Mr. Whitmarsh denied
MANILA, July 18.— The United
States Civil Commission to-day
announced that after three
months' trial of a provincial
form of government in the
Islands of Cebu and Bohol and -the prov
ince of Batangras, Luzon, control of those
districts, owing to their incomplete pa
cification, has been returned to the mili
tary authorities, it having been proved
that the communities Indicated are back
ward and undeserving of civil administra
tion. The provincial and civil officials of
these designated districts will continue
thoir functions, but are now under the
authority of General Chaffee instead of
that of Civil Governor Taft as heretofore.
General Chaffee has the power arbitrarily
to remove from office any or all provincial
or civil officials and to abrogate any sec-
every charge made against him. The re
sult of the commission's action will be
made known on Saturday. ¦
Off His Ears. " . ~
VALPARAISO, July 18.— The Ecuador
ian Consul General in. Valparaiso, A.
Arias Sanchez, was assassinated to-day
in the center of the city. He was shot
and stabbed and his ears were cut off.
It is supposed that the assassins are
enemies of the present Alfaro administra
tion in Ecuador. Several Alfaronans
have been arrested. . ¦: . .
Valparaiso Murderers Shoot and
Stab the Diplomat and Cut
ECITADOIIIAN CONSXTL
GENERAL ASSASJSIITATED
CIVIL RULE PROVES A FAILURE
IN PARTS OF THE PHILIPPINES
9
A book of happy, healthy, hand-
some babies, which gives their names,
tells where they live and what their
parents say about them.
> The book also tells Something
about Mellin's Food— what it is —
how it is used— -why it is needed, etc.
You can have this book by send-
ing us your name on a postal card.
Mellin's Food contains' the nutritive elements for the flesh, bones, muscles and teetfei
in fact, it nourishes the whole system and provides for a perfect and normal development. '
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON. MASS.
STATEMENT
OP THE*—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
Wilhelma of Magdeburg
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the 31st day of December.*' A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in .
.Cash $730.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $918,766 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,505,150 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 41,856 75
Cash in Company's Office 6.0&> 10
Cash In Banks ...i 66,481 79
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 176 95
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 531,45189
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
¦ for Fire and Marine Risks 10,590 88
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1,163,559 45
Total Asset3 $12.250.129 24
• LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense •' - $94,868 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $... ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ...'. 31.113 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks,- $ ¦. ; reinsurance 50
per cent 76,430 50
Liability under other Branches. — 10.799.2U2 15
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid. 518 25
Due for Reinsurances . 21.808 97
• Total Liabilities .$11,024,03137
INCOME.
Net, cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums / $575,673 93
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ...:... 360,50063
Received for interest and dividends . ¦ :
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 59,558 36
Received from all other sources.... 2,498.036 43
Total Income $3,492,769 39
EXPENDITURES. ¦
Net amount paid for Marine Losses ;
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) $498,933 33
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage 85,740 01
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 23,763 S7
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • .-¦ 3,319 26
All other payments and expendi-
tures •••• -.•... 1.493.37120
Total Expenditures $2,116,132 37
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year... $520,851 25
, . ¦ Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk?
written during the
year.... $229,284,333 $669,92167
Net amount: of Risks
expired during the *
year ¦ 228,516,170 658,49521,
Net- amount In'- force •
. . December 31. 1300 . 8.988,304 197.573 50
TH. DAMMASN, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of May. 1901.- - ¦ .
WILHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public
GUTTE & FRANK, ¦••Managers,.
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
STATEMENT
OF THE . »
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE • '
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IX THE STATE OF
Prussia, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900. and for the year ending on that day, a3
made, to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op tn
Cash J73O.0COM
,. - * ¦ . ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company S."34.1. r 9 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,260,026 01
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks and
Bonds! owned by Company 1.624.SS0 63
Cash In Company's Office 1,633 51
Cash in Banks 542,43137
Interest due and accrued* on all
Stocks and Loans 7,217 88
Premiums In dug Course of Collec-
tion 2S6.408 42
Due ¦ from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses' already paid.. 403. 233 53
Total Assets W. 730, US 31
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~ "
Losses In process flf Adjustment or
in Suspense $533,751 0
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $ :
reinsurance SO per cent 1, 651,751 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $ ;
reinsurance pro rata 239,955 39
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... ITS 01
All other liabilities 2S8.943 Z»
Total Liabilities $2. 775, 152 IT
. ' 1XCOME. ' -
Net "cash actually received for Fire * '
premiums $4,410,751 80
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47,700 78
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources S4.372 32
Received for Rents 17,801 »
Received from all other sources 34.503 25
Total Income $4.574»9O*H|
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~~-
Net amount paid - for Fire Losses ... '.
(including $342,046 66, losses of pre- , V •
. vious years) $3,017,00? «3
Dividends to Stockholders 225,00apO
Paid or allowed for Commission or /
Brokerage 800,024 97
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 173,13117
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 80,23101
All other payments and expendl- Ii*»£-2'
tures ., 173.243 94
Total Expenditures $4, 438,703 52
H. VATKE, President.
• . BERNDT. Vice President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th
day of Aoril, 1901. MAX J. BUELER.
? " U. S. ConsuL
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
393XAL1FORNIA ST.
DOUGLAS B.' WATSON, City Agent,
520 CALIFORNIA ST.
S. FIGEL & SON. Y. D EHRHARDT
iiilioofii
p &nd & 1 1 w ho sir 6 _^m$& 4vm. f
1 obliged to eat irregu° X^^y/I^^Mi
p larly and put up with / i \^^w9t
i ail sorts o.f food, / || - I
I cooked in all sorts I J -9nf9l
m ot wi/ay§p Cctiu i&eep / <.jf &^PiiS^
I perfect digestion is^ , M- ¦ Wslll
p the regular use of ; "Jj $\ |f'«Bil'IS
I A LAW HOT© 1WSELF. Sj 111
M Every fflan Riust Be That to (Retain Kis '&MM &
Hj Health and Digestion. I
|T| There are thousands cf people In this world who eat no meat JeiSSSffi^ Ulr ?js
|k9 from one year' s end to another, and certain savage tribes in At- ra3i "y I
I »£Ss^~§»Sp£ aaSSSSSSsS I
m berf is a criterion it would seem that a mixed dirt is the- best tnem ' They Me> vl&u J t tastlnK teblets> not a 8ecret patent |
I Sf^^™=»? 3£35bK5£=5S£' I
g3 number of robust specimens who eat both meat and vegetables fresh and readr for u«sa I
| andan 5 thmgels«tbatcomesth e lf way all go« , to: show that - / ' pocket continually, and whenever I
| n wi.ttotm^^mr»Bi»i8ttoalawto 8ee any Bymptom. ol Indigestion I take one, also one after each
ffl himself as to what he BhaU eat and drtak. meal, and for a year and a half I have not lost a day by reason 5
S3 » To repair the waste of tissue In brain workers "wen a. to of h m cjm , and re ,, sn I eat; my |
I PliC lSf e "J Sf C V ' Can y «£«°n 1s absolutely perfect as far as I can judge from my
|j through the process of digestion. feelings and although there may be other stomach medicines I
H 3^** "'If 018 ;!?* 1 '; eTeiT P * 1 ° Od ta extraCted Just as good a. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, I do not know what I
mm from the tooa we eat ana oldest. they are. Certainly for people who travel they are far ahead of \
m in these days of hustle and worry, and artificial habits of y „ w dl J &8 P the P afe B0 conyenlentt they can fee S
m carried in the pocket and used whenever needed » . '1
ffl tect digestion; dyspepsia is a national affliction and Stuart's Thfl F^ w w Mteemed mlnlster re -, dlD £ |
1 1 Dyspepsia Tablets a national blessing. , . # „ th Weedsport, Cayuga Co., N. Y., in a recent letter writes as fol- 1
m Most casesof poor digestion are caused^ failure of the neyer been anything that I have taken that 1
Eg ctomach to secrete sufflden gastric juice, m^ too Uttle Hydro- has reUeved the dyspepsia from which I have suffered for ten 1
m chloric acid and lack of peptones and all of these Important es- t called stuart . s Dyspe p sl a Tablets 1
Bg sentlalstoperfec digestion are , found in. Stuart's Dyspepsia . since taktog them I have had no distress at all after eating ' I
P| Tablets in convenient palatable form. ; and aca , n aftw , ong yean CAN BLJtEp WBLt< EeT# r L Be ,J g
Y'4 One or two of these tablets taken after meals Insure perfect "VTeedsport, N. Y. t formerly Idalia, Colo." |
Ell fligestion and assimilation of the food. Mr. judson A. Stanion, the great Church and Sunday . |
r£3 Cathartic pills and laxative medicines nave no effect what- . School worker and president Christian Endeavor Union, \
Ha ever in digesting food and to call such remedies a cure for St. Louis, Mo., says: "I have had to be extremely careful what I
§| dyspepsia is far fetched and absurd. % I ate. Many things were indigestible, and after a- hearty dinner |
Km Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet! contain pepsin free from animal i could scarcely keep awake. I never have been sick in bed, - S
Pjg matter, diastase and other digestives, and not only digest all but have had a great deal of inconvenience from indigestion. ¦ I
tz^. wholesome food but tend to Increase the flow cf gastric juices Since I learned of the merits of Stuart's Tablets I keep them In S
rp-s and by giving the weak stomach a much needed rest bring about my desk or carry them in my pocket, and find that I can eat \
HI a healthy condition of the digestive organs and a normal ap- anything at all without discomfort. They were recommended \
kS petite. - to me by a friend who is enthusiastic in their praise. I cannot |
Mr. C W. Wincherdon, a commercial traveler from Blrm- afford to be drowsy after lunch, and find these tablets just the \
yegk ingham, whose business keeps him almost constantly on the thing to assist digestion and keep all my faculties wide awake." |
Ki road, relates In the Sunday News the dangers to health result- Mr. N. J. Booher, Chicago, III., writes: "Catarrh is a local |
J£2 ing from constant chance of residence and the way he over- condition resulting from a neglected cold in the head, whereby £
Ma •came the usual Injurious effects. the lining membrane of the nose becomes inflamed and the f|
g|| He eays: **One thing people traveling cannot very well avoid . poisonous discharge therefrom passing backward into the £
pyl is the constant change in water and food; the stomach never throat reaches the stomach, thus producing catarrh of the stom- *
§S3 has an opportunity to become accustomed to anything and In a ach. Medical authorities prescribed for ma for three years for. |
F'*j few years or much sooner the average traveling man becomes * catarrh of stoma:h without cure, but to-day I an>the happiest ¦ - ~'i
¥33 a hopeless dyspeptic * of men after using only one box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. |
l>$ "For several years I suffered more or less from Indigestion, I cannot find appropriate words to express my good feeling. *s
gii * sour stomach, headaches, distaste for food, often no appetite, I have found flesh, appetite and sound rest from their use." •
Hi gas on the ctomach and the usual unpleasant effects of taper- ' \ Nervous, thin-blooded, run-down people should bear In y
nfl feet digestion. - ..mind that drugs and stimulants cannot furnish good blood, I
tr.% "Nearly every traveling man has his favorite remedy for dlf- . "; strong muscles and steady nerves; these come only from whole- •'„ \
h% ferent troubles and I tried all of them with indifferent results. some food, thoroughly digested; a fifty cent box of Stuart's i
||| Finally on the tram between Pittsburg and Philadelphia one .. Tablets taken after meals for a few weeks will do you more I
If] day, I overheard a conversation between two ladles, one of: . real good than drugs, stimulants and dieting combined.?* :.'; . S
Bfl whom had suffered severely from Indigestion and stated she . Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is probably the safest, most pop- |
f|j bad been completely cured by a remedy which she called '. nlar and successful digestive on the market and sold by druggists . j
til Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; I remembered the conversation - •verywhere in the United States, Canada and Great Britain. : |The fc-imuitaneou?; purehares of Union Pacific
«f the cyoslnc were of 10,000 shores at 10Z'.*@
j'cmveiKt'jre— 7 a. m., degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
pact twelve hours ov«?r Washington and Ore-
Ron. An ''xterifcive depression of moderate
depth overlie* the Rocky Mountain region.
Th<? temperature has risen about 10 degrees
over rer.tral «'aliforn!a. Rain has fallen from
the iroi:th of the Columbia River northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours er.d.KK midnight. July 19. 1901:
North»m California— Fair Friday, continued
warm weather; fresh northerly winds in the
lnteriir. bri.'-k westerly wind* on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday, continued
warm v.cather; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Kair Friday and continued warm
weather: fr»-sh westerly winds.
San Frsftrisoo and vicinity— Fair Friday,
continued warm weather; fresh westerly winds.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
Hollist?r— Clear weather for fruit drying;
apr'.ccts ripening fast.
B&nta Maria— Wheat threshing begun, only
fair h*re; fine yield adjoining Los Alamos and
8«nU. Yncz valleys.
San Jose— North, apricots ripening rapidly;
crops les« than average.
Nape — Southwest, clear weather; good for all
drying" fruit.
Hanford— All crops looking favorable.
Palerraa— Wind south; orchardists picking
petebx-s for cannery and drying.
•-ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, July 18.— Speculative Judgment
on to-clay's stock market -was unsettled and in
oonclSFive under th<- 5tr3u/>nce of the erratic!
eyratlons of Union Pacific. St. Paul and, t3
a lessor extent, ether railroads immediately af
fected by the Northern PaciSc settlement.an
nounced lato yesterday. The effect of th-» an
nounrmrnt was dominant at the opening of
tbe BMiiket, as was shown by the congested
buying of the stocka of the railroads affected
and of the Steel stocks.
U S old 4s coup 113 Or Nav 4s 102Vi
U S 5s reg ; 107% Or Short Line 6s... 130
U S la coup......; .109 Or.'S Line. qon'Cs:. 116%'
Dist of Col /3.65s:. .126 I Reading Gen 4s.... 95%
Atchison gen 4s.. ..103% R G',W lsts... .....101%
Atchison adj 4s 97 S L & I M con 5s. 116%
Canada So 2ds.....l09' S-L'&vS F een 6s. 132 ¦>
Ches & Ohio 4V>s...lO7% St Paul consols."... 173 !
Ches & Ohio 5s 119 St PC '& l P'.-lsts.;120 '}
C & NW con 7s 137^4 Sf.P C & : P., 5s..'.*. 116%
C & NW SFdeb Cs.122% So Pacific '4sV. ::'.:: -52 ¦.
Chicago Term 4s... 93. So:Railway 5s... ..116%
Colo Southern 4s.. 88% Stand R. & T.6s.... 60
D & R G 4s.. ......102 Tex & Pac lsts.... 118%
Erie General 4s.... S6# Tex &.Pac 2ds....lO3 ;
F W & D C lsts..lO4y. Union Pacific 4a... 105 ¦
Gen Electric 5s 200 " Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Central lsts.. 115% Wabash'2ds ..-.."...112
L. &.N Unl 4s 99 West Shore 4S......112
M K & T 2ds 84% WIs Cent lsts 88
M K & T 4s..:..... 97%jVa Centuries ...... O6V2
MINING STOCKS. \
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 13
Alice- 44 Ontario. 9 50
Breece 145 Ophir 58
BrunswlcK Con..... 13 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 06 Potosi 03
Con Cal & Va 190 Savage :.......' 04
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada.. 15
Horn Silver 35 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 60 Standard' ......' ;.3 25
Leadville Con 05 ¦ • .'
.; ¦ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .Union Land -8 -
Call loans 4@5 (West End 195%
Time loans 4@4% Westinghouse El... 66^
Stocks— . Bonds—- -
A T & S F 78 N E Gas&Coke 6s. 86
A T & S F prefd.. 97% Mining Shares—
American Sugar.. ..142% Adventure **.. 25%
Am Telephone 159% Blngham Mln Co.. 25
Boston & Albany. 256 Amalg Copper.:.... 115%
Boston Elevated...l8S Atlantic ...;....... 37.
Boston &. Maine... 193 Calumet & Hecla. 780
Dominion- Coal 38% Centennial ......... 27%
Dom Coal prefd 114% Franklin .117%
US Steel 40% Humboldt 25
U S Steel prefd.... 88% Osceola .....90
Fitchburg prefd.. ..144 Parrot '..62%
General Electric... 257 • Quincy 175
Mexican Central... 23% Santa Fe Copper... 6%
N.E Gaa & Coke. 6% Tamarack 347
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining...... 30
Old Dominion ..... 30 ' Winona 2%
Union Pacific* 108% Wolverines ........ 59
London Market.
NEW TORK, July 18.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was rather more
cheerful on the sharp recovery of j American
shares .which came in over night. They were
bought by London, which is rather short. The
market eased off about noon on liquidation in
consequence . of two small failures.' It fin
ished buoyant, however, on New York's hearty
support. Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul led,
but London did little. Chesapeake and Ohio
was . patronized on -the- Times' cable dispatch
that Pennsylvania will guarantee -a 3 per cent
dividend, ' but In the best informed quarters
the -report is dlscredlted.-
CLOSING.
: LONDON. July IS.— Anaconda, 9; Atchison.
79%: do preferred, ICO; Canadian ¦ Pacific. 106;
D. & R. G., 44; do preferred, 94%! Northern
Pacific,- 9S; Southern Pacific, 56%; Union Pa
cific, 106; do preferred, 92. " ' '.
Bar silver quiet at 26%d per ounce.
• London Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 18.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 15,742 - bales.
There was a good demand and competition was
active at firm prices. Superior Merinos were
5 per cent higher. Fine crossbreds were taken
freely by buyers from France and Germany.
Coarse sold with more spirit when suitable
grades were offered. American . buyers paying
5 per cent advance for their purchases. Ameri
can buyers were less active when Merinos were
offered, but they secured a few Merinos and
crossbreds.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Money on call is eas
ier at 2%@3% per cent; last loan, 3. Prime
mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent. Sterling ex
change Is firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 87% for demand and |4 84%@4 84% for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85@4 88; commer
cial bills, J4 S3%@i 84%. Bar silver, 58V;c
Mexican dollars. 46%c. Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds,
irregular.
. Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the {150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $173,733,415; gold, J37,
336,765.
* *
NEW TORK. July IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,841; exports, 9713 barrels. Fairly active and
steady. Winter straights, $3 25@3 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, 145,700 bushels; ; exports,
105,520 bushels. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red, 76%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74>,4c elevator; No. 1
hard Duluth, S4c f. o. b. afloat. Options weak
early, but rallied on talk of damage to spring
wheat and were finally firm with corn. Closed
firm, He net advance. July, 74%@74%c, closed
74%c; September, 72 ll-lG@73%c, closed 73%c;
October, 73%©73%c, closed 73%c. '
HOPS— Weak.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 5%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, SVLS^^c. Futures closed
dull, net unchanged. Total sales, 1100 bags, in
cluding: October, 4.95c; June, 5.45c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair . refining, . 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-32c. Molasses sugar,
3%c. Refined, unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6300 packages; firm.
State dairy, 14@14%c; creamery, 15@19%c; fac
tory, 131&15%c. I
EGGS — Receipts, ¦ 8369 packages; steady.
Western candled, 13@15c; Western uncandled, 8
@12%c. f . . ,.
DRIED FRUITS. -, '.
Dried fruits were quiet much of the day,
with special features lacking. ; "
EVAPORATED APPLES— State Common to
good, . Z\i<&oc; prime, 5%@5%c; choice, 6@6^ic;
fancy, 6%@7c.
California dried fruits, inactive but about
steady.
PRUNES— 2%@3^ic.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12%c; Moorpark, 7%@
12c. , j
PEACHES— Peeled, lKg;i2c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Early reports of inter
est to corn traders gave the impression that
last night's rains were more liberal than was
afterward thought, to be. the case, and in con
sequence sufficient corn was offered to depress
the price from %c to %c. There was a steady
country demand, however, and a rally from
tO@SO%c, the opening figures, to 51%c ensued.
Profit-taking caused a fractional setback, but
sentiment was gradually becoming decidedly
bullish on - numerous damage claims which
came in a flood from the corn belt. • Finally
the Impression became general that the rains
last night had been little better than local
showers In scattered districts, and a rush of
buying sent September to 52c. The close' soon
after was strong, l%c over yesterday, at 51%c.
Oats were strong and active, advancing with
scarcely a setback throughout the day. The
corn strength was of course a help, but in the
main the advance' was due to continued buy-
Ing for the country account, apparently con
firming reports of a short crop. September
closed lVi@l%c higher at- 33@33%c.' '
Reports of beneficial rains in the wheat zone
remained an influence in the wheat market
throughout the session, its greatest potency
being at the opening when September sold
from %@"ic lower at. 67%@67%c. Buying large
ly for the Southwest .caused a rally to 68%c
early, but In sympathy with weakness in the
markets of the Northwest, a further decline
to 67Vic followed. Later. damage claims from
the spring wheat territory, the strength of the
coarse grains and heavy exports resulted in a
rally to CSHc and the close was firm %c lower
at 68%c.
Provisions were dull, fluctuating: narrowly,
but holding steady In sympathy with corn and
on higher prices at the yards. September pork
and 'lard closed 7>4c higher and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ' ...
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— < .
July ,-66% 67 66% 67
September 67% 68V4. 67%- '.¦•68%
December 6»% 70 69% 69%
Corn No. 2— . . • .
July 49^4 . 50V4 49 '. 50U
September 50% 62 - 50 51%
December ••• 51 ' 62% 50% 52%
Oats No. 2— - '
July 31% 32 31% 32 -
September 31% . 33% . . 31% , 33%
May ................ 34% 36% 34% 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 14 25 14 32% 14 22% • 14 27%
January ..'...: 1450 1455 ¦ 1450 145214
Lard, per 100 lbs— . ¦ . • - '• ..
September ..; 8 62% 867% 860 865-
October 8 62% •• 8 65 - . 8 60 .-.- ; 8 65
January .... .... 8 37»4 8 40 ' 8 32% . 8 37U
Short RibB, per 100 lbs— . ¦- .-
September. ......... 7 90 7 95. 7 87% ¦ 7 92%
October ............ 7 92% 7 33 7 87% * 7 92%
January 7 S2% 7 57% 7 52% 7 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
fl2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July IS— 5 p. m.
Th*» following maximum temperatures were
r'T^rted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 64; Mount Tamalpais, 77: Independ
ence, ftS; Red Bluff, 9S; Fresno. 100; Los An
geles. FS: Sacramento. S4; San Luis Obispo. 90;
San Dif-Bo. es.
Sar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
7C; minimum, 50; mean, 60.
THE COAST RECORD.
Weather Report.
cults turned out much better than expected.
In spite of the damage done, therefore, it
6€-en;s probable that we shall have a crop of
at Least ].&O0.fiO0.OW) bushels, which at the high
er prices current will bring increased prosper
ity where crops are good, as a partial offset
to losses where crops are bad. A smaller crop
of oats is expected than last year, but the
yield of this grain promises above the aver
age. A marnificent wheat crop is practically
assurc-d ml over 700.0on.00O bushels, the heaviest
on record; and as Europe will be forced to
make large demands upon our surplus the bene
ficial effect of this upon Western trade and
our foreign trade balance will be important
latT on. While crop damages must be con
ceded there is nothing yet approaching a cala
trjty."
How Wall street looks at the crop prospects
Is set forth in the circular of Henry Clews,
under date of July 13, as follows:
"Factors unsettling the stock market were
the etee! strike, the threatened war of rates
In the "tVes=t and crop damages. Only the lat
ter cause was entitled to any serious consid
eration. Strikes and railroad wars rarely as
sume serious proportions in prosperous periods.
The injury to the con crop, however, is a much
more important matter. Very likely present
reports of damage are much exaggerated, yet
It Is certain that rerious damage has been
done in Kansas and some other regions, so that
roads dependent upon those sections must ex
pect to suffer in earnings. Kansas is fifth
among the great corn-producing States and
turned out 163.S0O.CGO bushels of corn last year,
or less than S per ce-.t of the total crop. Last
year we had a drouth scare in July, but re-
Wheat, Oats and Corn.
••Apricots are going out a little more freely,
both td the domestic and export trade, demand
being- mostly for fancy grades. There is a
fair busiVss in a small way also in the fancy
peaches and in prunes. Evaporated apples are
firm at unchanged prices, with some demand
from Jcbl>ers for prime. Chops and waste are
quiet and rather easier."
•Trade In dried fruits continues to be con
fined almost to buying for immediate wants,
but orders range a little larger and the de
mand is more active than it has been. The
epot mark<?t Is featureless, however, and the
business doing Is well distributed among the
leading lines. Raisins locally are in fair re
quest, sale of one lot of about 100 boxes of
3-crown layers being reported at {1 50. Coast
advices report the purchase by a prominent
California packing company. with Eastern
headquarters in this city, of around 5300 boxes
of 2, 3 and 4 crown layer raisins. This sale,
it Is said, cleans up the association's holdings
of layere. There are rumors of important
raifin deals pending: here on present associa
tion holdings. Imported Sultanas are meeting
With some sale at the lower quotations of
11%, 12% and 13%, for 2. 3 and 4 crown layers.
Mall advices from New Tork say
Raisins and Dried Fruit in New
104%. compared with 102% last night- and of
St. Paul 8000 at 165%@165, compared with 163%
last night. United States Steel was also dealt
In to the extent of 8000 shares, varying in
prices from 40%@41U. compared with 40% last
night. The price of this stock at cho opening
was the highest of the day and It was under
steady pressure through the mutations of the
market, getting down nearly a point under last
night and closing at a fractional net loss. The
whole market felt the effect almost immediate
ly of enormous realizing sales and the succes
sive declines suggested the conjecture that in
side Interests, which bought stocks yesterday,
were selling out to take profits. The belief pre
vailed In the board that the large capitalists
who supported the market on Monday and
Tuesday by buying practically all offerings of
the leading stocks were lightening their load,
taking of the Northern Pacific an
nouncement to reduce their holdings. The rath
er palpable manipulation of the market and
the circulation of vague intimations that fur
ther disclosures were coming of additional ar
rangements under, the Northern Pacific settle
ment added to this impression. Rather frank
admissions were forthcoming that the an
nouncement of the Northern Pacific settlement
was timed with a view to quieting apprehen
sions in the stock market, against the earlier
deciMon of those interested to withhold the an
nouncement until a later period. This gave
color to the belief that the policy . thus
adopted to rally the stock market had in view
as well the moral effect upon the steel
strike situation of an advance in the Steel
stocks. These conditions served to take the
edge off the fact of the announcement of
the Northern Pacific settlement. There was a
period after midday when, the general level of
prices had receded well below last night, even
Union Pacific and St. Paul showing losses. The
weakness in Atchison, Rock Island, the coal
ers and some of the Southern lines was quite
pronounced. It was late In the day when
Union Pacific began its final upward movement.
The demand for the stock was apparently in
satiable, blocks of 1000 to 4000 shares succeed
ing each other in quick succession. Every ef
fort was also apparent to bid up the price of the
stock. It touched 109 before the close, and St. .
Paul was lifted to 16SV4. and Southern Pacific
to 57. The market rallied in sympathy but
did not generally get back to the best. Chi
cago and Northwestern rose 6 and General
Electric 8H- The buoyant rise in Union Pacific
revived the belief In further developments In
the. community of interest plan in the West.
The closing was feverish and irregular below
the best.
The railroad bond market was" active and
continued slightly- Irregular, in spite of a late
improvement. Total sales, par va'.ua $2,
970.000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
• NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares " Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
69.1C0 Atchison 77%
12.200 Atchison prefd 97%
4,1<Xi Baltimore & Ohio 98%
4C0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93
L70& Canadian Pacific 103
1C0 Canada Southern 67%
6,200 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
3.700 Chicago & Alton 38%
500 Chicago & Alton prefd 76
400 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 195
1,700 Chicago Ind & Louisville 33%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 69
3C0 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 127 ¦
6.H0 Chicago & Great Western 23%
1C0 Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. S2
3P0 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47%
1.800 Chicago & Northwestern 202
7.9<X» Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 149%
1.200 Chicago Terminal & Trans 20%
4.600 Chicago Terminal & Tians prefd 40%
3,100 C C C & St Louis 91%
1C0 Colorado Southern 13>4
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49%
2.200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
100 Delaware & Hudson 158
1,600 Delaware Lack & Western 223%
3.2C0 Denver & Rio Grande 42%
S3.MK) Denver & *io Grande prefd 92%
6.100 Erie 37%
M» Erie 1st prefd 68
500 Erie 2d"prefd 50%
Great Northern prefd 177%
300 Hocking Valley .• 50%
S.O^O Hocking Valley prefd 74%
1.0CO Illinois Central 150%
Iowa Central 37
1.9C0 Iowa Central prefd 75%
Lake Erie & Western 57
Lake Erie & Western prefd 118
8.300 Louisville & Nashville 105%
¦14.200 Manhattan L 121
6,200 Metropolitan Street Railway 169
1.600 Mexh'£.n Central 2i%
1,200 Mexican National 9
500 Mimejirclis & St Louis. 10S%
21,800 Missouri Pacific 107%
if'O Missouri Kansas, & Texas 27%
2,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 65%
New Jersey Central 157
10,600 New York Central 154%
700 Norfolk & Western 98%
Norfolk & Western prefd 88
1.000 Northern Pacific prefd 96%
5, COO Ontario & Western 32
18.6S0 Pennsylvania ......:. 146
11,600 Reading 39%
2.200 Reading 1st prefd 76
(?00 Reading 2d prefd 50V4
St Louis & San Francisco 43
1,500 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 78
400 St Louis & San Fran 2d preM '»»i
6C0 St Louis Southwestern 30%
St Louis Southwestern prefd 63%
124,SiK> St Paul .' 167%
200 St Paul prefd 187
84,300 Southern Pacific 56%
21.1C0 Southern Railway 30%
• 2. 300 Southern Railway prefd 85
8.400 Texas & Pacific 40%
100 Toledo St Louis & Western 19%
' 2-J0 Toledo St Ixjuis & Western prefd.... 34%
209.200 Union Pacific 10&V*
3C0 Union Pacific prefd 1C9
3./00. Wabash 20%
5,400 Wabash prefd 39V*
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
3,400 Wisconsin Central 21%
Wisconsin Central prefd 42
PC C & St'Louls 79
Express Companies—
153 Adams 170
American 190
United States ...." 87
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—.
21.60ft Amalgamated Copper 115%
1.6C0 American Car & Foundry 29Vi
American Car & Foundry prefd 84%
400 American Linseed Oil 25
American Linseed Oil prefd 60%
2,300 American Smelting & Ref 55%
800 American Smelting &; Ref prefd 101%
500 American Tobacco 129%
3.700 Anaconda Mining Co 45H
11,400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 78%
1,900 Colorado Fuel & Iron 98%
1.500 Consolidated Gas 217%
2,100 Continental Tobacco 64%
Continental Tobacco prefd 117
1.150 General Electric 258
1.1C0 Glucose Sugar 65%
300 Hocking Coal 20
100 International Paper 21
900 International Paper prefd 75
1,200 International Power 94%
100 Laclede Gas 92
2no National Biscuit 42%
BOO National Lead 20
600 National Salt 43%
700 National Salt prefd 7714
North American 100
Pacific Coast 60
5"0 Pacific Mail 40%
lO.CM) People's Gas 115V4
ICO Pressed Steel Car 41)
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd.. 83
Pullman Palace Car 205
¦ 1.600 Republic Steel 191^
1.500 Republic Steel prefd 73
22.300 Sugar J- ....142%
3,200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 60 l ,4
700 Union Bag & Paper Co 14%
]0u Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 71
7^-0 TInited States Leather 12%
300 United States leather prefd 78
United States Rubber 19
....... United States Rubber prefd 58
79,400 United States Steel 40
31.130 United States Steel prefd.. KS%
3,300 Western Union 91%
1.C27.2C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. .
U S 2s ref reg 107% N Y Cent lsts......lO4%
U S 2s ref coup.. . 1071-4 K J Cent ren 5s...l28Vi
U'S 3s reg 108V4 N Pacific 3s........ 72»,i
U S 3s coup 109 N Pacific 4s. ...:.. .103"^
IT S new 4s rejr..'..137Vi;N T C & St L 4s.lO7U
U S new 4s coup..l3SVi N & W con 4s. f... 102%
U Sold 4s reg 113 |Or Nav lsts. 107
No. 3 spring -wheat, 63(S66c; No.- 2 red. 67Vi@
68c; No. 2 corn, -50%c; No. 2 yellow, 49%@50c;
No. 3 White Oats, 34y.(ff'36c;'No. 2 rye,- 51%@52c;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 83@1 85; No. 1 Northwestern,'
$1 S3@l 85 ; prime timothy seed, $3 ; ' mess pork,
per bbl, -$14 10@14 13; lard, per 100 lbs. $8 60®
8.62^; short-rib sides (loose). $7 80(37 95; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear
sides (boxed), $8 30@8 40; whisky, basis of high
wines, $127; clover, , contract grade/ $9 50.
Articles — rvV -.'- '.'» ¦; Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ". 24.000 12.000
Wheat,' bushels ..189,000 4,000 ,
Corn, bushels v: 245,000. « 289,000
Oats, bushels. ..../. .145.000. ', 141,000 j
Rye. bushels 2,000 ....-....¦
Barley, bushels .9.000 ' ' 2,000
On- the Produce Exchange - to-day the butter
market was .firm;, creameries, 14@19c; dairies, 1
>3@16c. * Cheeee, I firm, ¦ 9%@10%c Eggs, - steady,
12%c. .••:'.-•• -
" LIVERPOOL. ' .
i Wheat— Sept. ¦ Dec.
Opening ....5 7 r ' 5 8
Closing- 5 6?i b 7%
,: ; PARIS. .
Wheat— - July. - Sept.-Dec.
Opening ...1 20 75 : ..21 90
Closing 20 75". 21 S0\ .
. Flour — . . .-¦'¦•:.¦ -- ' •
Opening .'. 2640" 2760
Closing. '..... 26 35 27 50
¦.'.- • , Chicago Livestock.
'CHICAGO, July 18. r CATTLE— Receipts, 5525,
Including 550 Texans. ' Active and 15@25c higher.
Good to prime steers, $5 40@6 20; poor to medi
um,' $3 80@5 20;. stockers and feeders, 15@30c
higher, $2 50@4 50; heifers, $2 35@4 90; canners,
$1 50@2 35; -bulls, $2@2 40; calves, ¦ $3 75@5 40;
Texas steers, $3 35@5 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 26,000; to-morrow, 18,000;. left
over 1040. • Stronjr,- shade -higher; mixed and
butchers, $5 75@6; good to choice heavy, $5 90®
6 10; ; rough .heavy.' $5 60@5 85; light, $5 65@5 90;
bulk of sales, • $5 S0@5 95. ¦ : \ ' :¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000; .'steady " to strong.
Lambs, steady ; good. to cholc*e wethers, $3 90®
5 40; fair- to choice mixed, $3 50@3 90; Western
sheep, $3 50@4; yearlings, .$4(g>4 75; native lambs,
$3 25@-4 90;. Western lambs, $3 75@5. ¦• . ¦ . v .
' - - ; ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July .18.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 654; market, 10@25c . higher. Natives,
$4 25(56; cows and heifers, $1(5.4 90; bulls and
stags. . $2 25@4 SO;' stockers and feeders, $2 25@
4 40; veals,, $2^5 73. " : .
HOGS— Receipts 9704; market generally 5c
higher. ,¦ Light and light mixed, ¦ $5 45@5 75;
medium 'and heavy, $5 60@5 95; pigs, $3 85®
4 85; bulk, $5 55(§>5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 660; -mostly 10@15c lower;
lambs, 25@50c oft; j top, $4 75. , .
: ' New York' Metal ' Market.
NEW 'YORK, July 18.— The local market for
tin was higher, ¦ owing to , the fact . that local
bulls bid up 'prices, but there was no business
and at the close values were quoted nominal
on. the basis of $27 60@2S 50. London was quiet
with spot closing at £133 and futures at £116
5s. : Copper was very quiet and the continued
absence of business made a more or less nomi
nal range. Lake was quoted at $17 and casting
and electrolytic ¦ at $16 62%. The ' London mar
ket-closed unchanged with spot at £68 and
futures at £68 8s 9d. . Lead was dull at $3 97%
on spot, while London cabled a decline of Is 3d,
closing at £12 2s 6d.. Spelter ruled dull here
at $3 90<j?3 95 and London closing at. £16 12s 6d.
The local iron market was dull and nominally
unchanged. ¦ Pig iron warrants were quoted at
$9 50@10. No. I Northern ! Foundry, $15@15 50;
No. 2 Foundry, . Southern, $14@14 50; No. 1 Foun
dry, Southern, $14-75@15 25; Bessemer steel,
$24 50; steel rails, f. .0. b. New York, $28. The
English Iron markets were dull. Glasgow
closed at 53s and Middlesboro at 45s.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Cotton futures closed
unchanged to 5 points lower.
* Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, July 18.— At a sale of sheepskins
held here to-day 2283 bales were offered. There
was a full attendance and competition was
fair. Merinos sold at par to a farthing lower.
Full wooled crossbreds were difficult to sell.
Short-wooled grades were in good demand at
a decline of a farthing:.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July IS.— Clearings, $408,421; bal
ances. $107,147. -"
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.' '•¦";
PORTLAND, July 18.— WHEAT— Walla "Wal
la, 65<g56c. Another carload of . new crop of
Walla Walla wheat was received to-day from
lone, Or. It weighed sixty pounds to the
bushels. The yield was twenty-eight bushels
to <he acre.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 18.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; Blue Stem, 57c; Club, 56c. " ¦
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 18.— Consols, 92 11-16.' Silver,
26%d. French rentes, lOOf 62%c@100f 70c. Car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 29s 3d; English country
markets, partly dearer.
LIVERPOOL, July 18.— WHEAT— Firm; No
1 Standard California, 5s 9d@5s 9%d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firmer; weather In England,
hot.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
m ¦ ¦
Exchange and -Bullion.
New York Exchange Is lower and Sterling
Exchange is also weak. Silver is unchanged.
Sterling. Exchange. 60 days. — $4 gsi£
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89U
New York Exchange, sight... — 10"
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 55(4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 471a
Wheat and Other Grains. :
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures weaker.
Chicago opened lower on continued showery
¦weather and heavy rains at several points in
Iowa and Kansas, though the fall was confined
to small areas. There were more buyers than
sellers, however. Cables j were bullish and the
crowd rather looked for a stronger market. New
York and St. Louis both reported a g-ood ex
port business. Stocks at Minneapolis were ex
pected to show a decrease for. the week of
750,000 bushels.
This market was steady and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; milling, 98%@
fl>01%-per ctl. ;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, $101%; 14,000, $101%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 4000 ctls,
$1 01%. :r
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 01%.
BARLEY— The situation remains unchanged.
Trade is not very active, as spot stocks are
still light. - ,
Feed, 73%c for choice bright, 71M©72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal "Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales. ' :
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 7014c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales, i
Afternoon Session— No sales. • •
OATS— The feeling in Eastern and Western
markets continues very firm and the country is
still buying. Minneapolis 1 reports 50,000 bushels
sold for Missouri. More rain is needed. The
Chicago market advanced. ¦ . .;
This market shows no change. % Quotations
for white and black are purely nominal, as
red are the only description seen at present.
White. $1 35<S1 45; Surprise, $1 50@l 55; Red,
95c@31 15 ; Black, ¦ nominal. ¦ r • .'
. COJtN— The Chicago market advanced again,
with the country buying. • Des Moines reported
that ' not a bushel could : be bought in that
vicinity, as all eyes were turned on the . crop
damage. Apprehension is now shifted from
Missouri and Kansas to Nebraska and Iowa,
as the crop in the two former States is about
given up. Texas is wiring Chicago for prices
on- Corn delivered -at Texas points. "-. .
' This market Is ¦ neglected - and ¦ nominal, .as
the high prices have shut off. the demand..
Smdir round Yellow, $160; Eastern - Yellow,
$1 42%; White. $1 47%; Mixed, $1 40 per ctl.
. RYE— 72%>377%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — None In first. hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
' '¦.'¦/: -'•¦'•¦ ' i "/ ' ¦ -, '"
FLOUR— California Family | extras, $3 23(3
3 50, : usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15^3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
12 75@3 for" bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. . >;-,« .. :¦: ¦ ¦ : - •.' ' :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks ' are ' as fol
lows; usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats. $4.75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
Pacific Codfish lower.
Wheat and Barley steady and unchanged.
Oats and Corn higher again in the West.
Hay lower. Corn Meal and Mixed Feed higher.,
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Fine shipping demand for Potatoes. \ ¦
Btiiter higher. Cheese and Eggs as before. t
Poultry still dull and weak.
Peaches and Pears rising under short crop influence.
Nothing new in dried fruits.
Provisions firm at the familiar prices.
Meat market unclumged. , "
Better business in local stocks and bonds.
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.'
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
¦ HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%@Uc; medium, 9@10c; light, 8%@9c:
Cow Hides, 8%©9%c for heavy and 8%09c for
light; Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal.
9%@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. %16%c;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@18c;
Culls and BrandSi 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings," i5@30c each; short Wool. 30@50c each;
medium. 60@75c; long Wool. 80c@$l each; Horse
Hides salt. ?2 50@2 75 for large and *2@2 25
for medium, $1 50@l 73 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 73 .for large. $150
for medium; $1 25 .for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or - red . skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; choice,
5c; No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%@3c.
'WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
¦Mendocino, 14@15%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free 12<gl3c; defective, 9® lie; Mid
dle County, free. 10@llc; do, defective, 8@10c:
Southern, 12 months, 8@9c; Southern, free, 1
months 7@10c- do defective, 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c: do. medium and
coarse. ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. U@13c;
do. fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@ll%c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
;. San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations remain as before, Hogs being
firm. Beef weak and Mutton and Veal steady.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers To dealers
are as follows: ;
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®8c; Ewes, 7@7%c P«r
pound. ' '
LAMB — Spring. 8%@9c per pound. „
PORK— Lire Hogs, 200 lbs and under, «%9
6%c; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent oft. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8%»8%c;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%0
6c for cotton and 8%®8%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southneld Wel
•llngton, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 60; Coo» Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend, $9;
Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In sacks r
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Cannel. 110
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
94c; raw, 92c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil, In barrels, 35c; cases, 40c./
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
12%c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 18%c; Astral. 18%c:
Star. lS%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 23 Vic;
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in ¦ cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE — 58c per gallon In cases and
52c - in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar . Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 5.75c; Powdered, 5.33c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.35c; Dry Granulated. 5.25c; Confection
ers' A. 5.25c; Dry Granulated. 5.25c: Beet
Granulated, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 4.85c; Extra C,
4.75c; Golden C, 4.65c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 6c: boxes. 6.23c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices have declined, as
follows: Bundles, per lb, 5c; cases, regular,
5%c: cases, extra large, 5%c; cases. Eastern
etyle, 6%c:. Boneless, 6%c; "Norway." 6%c;
"Narrow. Gauge," 7c; "Silver King," 7%c;
Blocks. "Seabright," 7%c; Tablets, 8c: Mid
dles. "Golden State," 7%c; Middles, "White
Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes»Fancy. Boneless. 9c: 2-lb
boxes Fancy. Boneless. 7%@8c; Desiccated, per
doz, 75c; Pickled Cod, Barrels, each. $7 50;
Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each, $4 50.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, • JULY 18.
Flour, qr sks 3,07$ Straw, tons. 15
Wheat, ctls 2.67C Wool, bales ' 158
Barley, ctls 11,270 Broomcorn, bdls. 51
Oats, ctls 4,190 Hides, No 343
Rye. ctls 130 Pelts, bdls 150
Tallow, ctls 228 Quicksilver, flsks 125
Potatoes, sks 6,025 Leather, rolls.... 67
Onions, sks 655 Wine, gals 32,850
Bran, sks 707 Lime, bbls 182
Middlings, sks... 72|Chicory, bbls 22
Hay, tons 9931
WASHINGTON'.
Wheat, ctls 7,472|Wool. bales 73
Oats, ctls 900|
The market on the morning session of the
Bond Exchange was active, but the note
worthy fluctuations were all In the direction
of lower prices. Makawell was lower at $34@
33 87%, Honokaa at $17 37%@17, Gas & Electric
at $46 5C@46 and Pacific Gas at $44 50. There
was nothing new In the oil stocks. .
In the afternoon business continued lively.
There were continued free sales of Hojiokaa at
about the morning prices. Contra Costa Water
was weaker, selling down to $79, and Gas &
Electric declined to $43 75.
The Columbus Savings and Loan Society has
Issued a call for $25 per share on capital stock,
to become delinquent on August 20. This bank
was incorporated in January, 1S93, -with a'capi
tal of S30O.0O0, but oniy $60,000 has been paid
up on the 1200 shares of stock issued, or at the
rate of $30 per share. The present call will
fcwell this amount to $75 per share, and give
the bank $30,000 more capital for loans.
The San Francisco Oil Exchange has decided
to dispense with the services of a salaried
caller and the publication of the official list ot
sales and quotations will be discontinued. Ex
penses are to be reduced in other departments.
The daily sessions will be held as usual, until
further notice, and the members will take turns
in calling the list, without compensation.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, July IS— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.'
Bid.Ask. BJd.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 113H 3s quar coup.. 109 109%
4s quar reg — 113 113% 4s qr o (new).138Sil39
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO5% — Oceanic SS 5s.l01U —
Cal-st 5s... -....116 — Omnibus C 6s. 125
C C Water 5s. 107%' — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s. 128^133% Pk & C H 6s.lO6 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7% *-. Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 6s — 102% S F & SJV 5S.120 —
Los Ang R 5s. 115 - — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 ¦ S P C of A
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) U1H —
. Do gntd 5s. .103 — <1910) 112 —
L A & Pac 5s.lOO%102% S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 58.102%, — (1905), Ser A. — 100
Markt-st C 6s. 125% — (1905). Ser B.10M4110U
Do 1 c m 5S.123V4 — (1906) 112X4114
Nev, C N G 7s. 105 114 (1912) 120% —
Nor R Cal 6slll% — S I" of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — cp gntd 5s. ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 100% — S P Br Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s 10614 — S V Water 6s.U4 —
Nor R Cal 5s. .110 113 Do 4s — 103%
Oak Gas 5s 112% — Do 4s 3d m..l01»l —
Do Trans 63.11654113 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
' Do Water 5s. 102 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 79 80 (Spring Valley. 88 —
Marln County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 — » Pacific Light- 45 48
Equitable 4% 6 ! Sacramento ...
Mutual 5 5% S F G & E 45% —
Oakland 50% 61& San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 44 — Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77%— L P & A....T.150 lgo
California 404%406 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National. 127% —
First National.305 — - ...
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1870 1925 Sav & Loan.. — _
Humboldt .... — — Security 273 — '
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Franclsco.516 620
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 O S L & H... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio ...;... 33 _
Market 74 75
¦ POWDER.
Giant — 75 IVigorit g tu
SUGAR. **
Hana 6 6% Kilauea ....... 17 17 i/
Hawaiian 50 — Makawell 33 33T?
Honokaa ...... 17% 17% Onomea 22 —
Hutchlnson ... 17% — Paauhau 23 * —
v MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 131% I Oceanic S Co. — 53
Cal Fruit Can. 98 99 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99%101 Pac C Borax.. 165
Merchants' Ex.110 J Par Paint .... 16
. ' .'¦ Morning Session. ;
<v A '¦<¦-. Boards — .
120 California Safe Deposit 107 50 .
10 California Fruit Canners 98 00
30 Giant Powder Con 75 w
100 Honokaa Sugar Company 17 37U
135 Honokaa Sugar Company... n 25
10O Honokaa Sugar Company 17 iju
200 Honokaa Sugar. Company 17 00
,- 10 Makawell ..." 34 00
170 Makawell ............................ 33 75
100 Makawell. s- 90.. ...:.. ..;....; 33 ?7U
100 Market Street Railway...... 74 50
50 Paauhau S P Co.... 22 50 I
105 Paauhau S P. Co........ -. 22 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 22 62%
25 Pacific Gas Improvement 44 50
15 S F Gaa & Electric Co 46 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 23
lOOVlKOrit : 3 00
Street—
5 S F Savings Union 520 00
$23,000 Spring; Valley 4a (3d mortgage)... 101 50
Afternoon Session,
Board— . ' 0
' 17 Bank of California 405 00
10 Contra Costa Water 79 50
15 Contra Costa. Water 79 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar... 50 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Company 17 00.
150 Honokaa Sugar Company 17 23
225 Honokaa Sugar Company 17 12H
150 Honokaa Sugar Company 17 37V»
50 Honokaa Sugar Company 17 50
$3,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 113 50
100 Mutual Electric Light 5 CO
100 Oakland Gas 51 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 87*i
25 S'F Gas & Electric Co :.. 45 75
4 Spring Valley Water 86 00
5 Spring Valley "Water 86 23
$100 United States 4s (coupon) 112 00
* PRODUCERS* OIX. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Caribou 87 '
5 Hanford. N s 90 95 00
600 Petroleum Center ..................... 03
75 Sterling 1 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
180 Four ;...— 35
SO Independence 10
100 Monarch of Arizona, s SO 19
700 Oil City Petroleum , 24
50 Peerless, b 60 5 23
100O Petroleum Center 03
150 Petroleum Center ..................... 01
500 Petroleum Center 02
150 Sterling 1 23
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE: .
Morning Session.
Board— „
lOOOLlon »
100 Monte Cristo 1 90
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Petroleum Center 04
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va..2 051 100 Sierra Nevada. IS
800 Mexican 17 200 Union Con 16
200 Ophir 70] 500 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 08 100 Crown Point... 09
100 Caledonia. 36 600 Crown Point... 10
200 Caledonia 3S 100 Hale & Nor.... 19
600 Challenge Con.. 23 200 Ophlr 67
250 Con Cal & Va..2 05 10ft Sierra Nevada. 17
200 Confidence ..... 88 800 Yellow Jacket.. 15
200 Confidence 90
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 20 1500 Gould & Curry. 13
1100 Best & Belcher 21 1500 Hale & Nor.... 23
400 Caledonia 32 700 Mexican IS
200 Challenge Con.. 23 600 Ophir 70
200 Challenge Con.. 22 60O Sierra Nevada. 13
300 Cbollar 07 200 Sierra Nevada. 19
1000 Con Cal & Va..2 05 800 Union Con 19
400 Con Cal & V.2 07% 200 Yellow Jacket.. 16
Afternoon Session.
2600 Challenge Con.. 23 400 Hale & Nor.... 20
200 Con Cal & Va..2 05 600 Mexican IS
200 Con Cal & V.2 02% 300 Mexican 15
100 Confidence 90 700 Yellow Jacket.. 15
600 Gould & Curry. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS*
THURSDAY. July 18-4 ©. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice — 02
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher......... 07 09 Mexican 15 18
Best & Belcher 18 19 Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr 68 67
Caledonia 36 37 Overman 15 16
Challenge Con.. 22 23 Potosi 05 07
Chollar 06 08 Savage C6 07
Confidence 87 89 Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 CO 2 05 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 16 18
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill 25 29
Crown Point... 08 09 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard ...... — 3 65
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate ...... 05 07
Gould & Curry. 13 13 Union Con 14 18
Hale & Nor.... 20 22 Utah 01 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 16
FLOW OF RIVERS.
Following Is a statement of tha estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado ! miner's inches. The figures ' are
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrosrapher of the
United States Geological Survey:
TTJOLTJMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL.YS FERRY.
Backsliding Salvationist.
Michael Engelson, Judge advocate for
the Salvation Army, swore out a warrant
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday . for the
arrest of Axel Ericksen on the charge of
disturbing the peace. He said that Erick
sen was for tome time an active member
of the army, but had backslided. Wednes
day night Ericksen -went Into the army
meeting at 629 Merchant street In an In
toxicated condition. He was expelled by
a policeman, but returned and- raised a
disturbance by breaking some windows
and hurling bad names at the army mem
bers. . . _
Flour.- $3 25; -Rolled Oats (barrels), ' $6 35@7 85;
in sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
J5;. Green Peas, ?6 50 per 100 lbs. t
Hay and Feedstuff s.
¦ Receipts of Hay were again large, being al
most 1000 tons, and another decline was noted.
The market Is depressed for everything: except
Alfalfa and fancy "Wheat, these two descrip-^
tlons being more or less scarce.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged, but Corn
products and Mixed Feed are higher. • .
BRAN— $17 5O@1S 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50<g21 per ton.
. FEEDSTUFF^- Rolled Barley,. ?16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake'Meal at" the'; mill. ?23@26;. Jobbing,;
$26 50; VCocoanut' Cakei '¦{ $17@13;- • Corn - Meal,
$23 50@29 SO? Cracked Corn, ?2?@30; Mixed Feed,
$17@1S." . . -. .. ' . : * - - ¦ ~ '-' ± ¦ *- > *
"¦ 'HAY— New Is quotable as'- follows: Wheat;
?7#9 50; choice, $10; -Wheat and Oat, $6 50<®9 50-
r Oat, $6@8 50; Barley and .Oat, $6-S8; Alfalfa.
$7<H9: Clover, $5 50@7; .Volunteer, $4 50®5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale. ? .-
Beans and Seeds.
Beans remain as before quoted,' but the pres
sure to sellcontinues and the market Is weak.
' BEANS-Bayos, <2 25@2 50; Small White,
$4 75@4 90; Large White, $3 50@3 85; Pink $1 30
@1 50; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Limas, *6 15
@6 35; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard.' nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax,- $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3V t o lor Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape . 2@
2fcc: Hemp, 3%c; Timothy,- 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. ; . $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and ; Vegetables.
The shipping demand: for. Potatoes Is said to
be remarkable. In view of the . comparatively
high prices, and extends from Alaska to Texas
and Colorado. A -. number of ' cars are going
out every day. The market rules firm. There
is not much change in Onions and Vegetables. .
POTATOES — New- Potatoes, $1 10@l 80 in
sacks' and $l-10@l 50 In boxes for Burbanks,
$1@1 20 for Garnet Chiles and $1 10@l 30 for
Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40@l 60.
ONIONS— New Red, 45@55o per sack; New
Yellow, 80®95c. •¦• .....
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 for
large. $1 25@1 50 per box for No. 1 and 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Peas, 50c@?l 25 per sack:
String Beans, l@2%c; Limas, 3c; Cabbage. 35®
40c per ctl; Tomatoes, trom Winters, 35@60c;
Rivers, in large- boxes, $1@1 25; Dried Peppers,
12@lSc; Green Okra, 20@25c; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Winters' Cucumbers, 40@50c ; Bay, B0@
75c j Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 75c@|l 25 per
box for Chile and $1 25@2 for Bell; Egg Plant,
$]@1 25 -per box; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack;
Alameda, $1@1 50 per crate; Berkeley, 75@§5c:
Summer- Squash, large boxes, 20@30c; New,
Marrowfat Squash, $ 40 per ton. ¦
Poultry and Game.
i Dealers continue to quote a weak and liber
ally supplied market. f-: ¦
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, — for ; Gobblers
and — for Hens; Geese, per pair, • Jl@l 25:
Goslings, $1@1 25: Ducks. %2 50<g3 for old and
$3@4 for young; Hens, ?4@5 50; young Roosters,
$5@6.; old Roosters, $3 50@4; , Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers.' $3@3 60 for large and .Jl 50@2 50. for
small; Pigeons. $1 50@2 per dozen for old and
$1 50@2 for Squabs. - .
GAME— Hare, $1@1 50; Rabbits, ?1@1 B0 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter are steadily diminishing,
as will be seen. Stocks are now small, ,' and
prices continue to rise In the outside market,
but remain unchanged on the exchange. There
are very fair orders reported.- Cheese Is quoted
firm and unchanged, with comparatively light
supplies.
- Eggs are as before . quoted. The market Is
steady enough, but rather slow. Stocks are
ample, without being heavy.
• Receipts were 21.900 pounds and 32 tubs of
Butter, 28,950 pounds Eastern Butter, 801 cases
of Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 13,500 pounds
of California Cheese. pounds Oregon Cheese
and pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Cremiery, 21c per lb for fancy
and 19@20c for seconds; dairy, U@19c per lb.
CHEESE — New. 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 10@llc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 17@20c for good to fancy;
Btore, 13@15c per dozen.
' DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS. ¦
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extra. 20c; firsts. 19c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; seconds, 15c;
store. 12@14c. •
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream. 9c; choice, 8%c;
common, nominal: Young Americas. 10c; East
ern full cream, 13@loc per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white. 19c; mixed
colors, 17c per dozen. " ¦ ,
California Gathered— Selected, 16c; standard,
13c ; (seconds, . . . -_
Eastern— Standard, 16c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Prices for Pears and Peaches are rising in
the country, as will be seen below. Dealers
say that the crop is turning out lighter than
expected. Shippers are bidding up to $40 for
Bartlett Pears, and a good cling Peach will
bring $30 readily enough. Prices in this mar
ket continue good and steady, and Plums and
Prunes hold the high quotations right along.
Figs continue scarce. Nectarines are slow.
There Is little change In Berries, Grapes and
Melons. Logan Berries are getting scarce and
Currants are almost gone. Citrus fruits are
firm under light supplies and warmer weather.
i DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— S5c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@75c for ordinary.
APRICOTS — 25@50c per box, 40@65c per crate;
la bulk, $15@17 50 per ton for small and $20@25
for large. 1
CRABAPPLES— 30@40c per small and $1 per
large box.
PLUMS — 30@75c per box and 25@40c per bas
ket ; Prunes, , 40@75c per crate and 40@60c per
basket. ¦ '«
PEACHES— 25@50c per box and 25@45c per
basket for common and 25@50c per box and 35@
50c per basket for Crawfords and $20022 50 per
ton for Frees and $30 for Clings in the country.
Sawyer's Seedlings, 50@60c per basket on the
wharf.
NECTARINES— White, 25@65c per box; Red,
40@65c.
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 40@60c per box
and 50c per basket; Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box
for No. 1. 50@75c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton
in the country.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<g5 per chest .for Long
worths and $3 25@4 50 for large berries. .
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES — $5@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@5 per chest.
CURRANTS— $5<S6 per chest. •
HUCKLEBERRIES-8@10c per lb.
- FIGS— Black, 65c@$l per box for. single and
$Wl 50 for double layers; White, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c@$l per box and $1 50
@2 per crate; Cantaloupes, $1 25 per half-crate
and $1 73(^2 50 per large crate; Watermelons,
from Fresno, 12^@25c each. ,
GRAPES— Seedless and Black, from Arizona,
75c@$l per crate; Fontainebleau and Black,
from Vacaville. 60c@$l per box.
' CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 50@2; Valencias," $1 50@2 50; St. Michaels,
SI 50@2 ; Lemons, $1@1 CO tor common and $2@3
for good to choice: Grape Fruit, 50cp$l 50; Mex
ican Limes, $7 50(g8; Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 E0@3 per dozen.
• Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
While business In new fruits is dull and
featureless the outlook is encouraging as the
crop of Pears,' Plums and Peaches is turning
out much .lighter than expected, and as yet
there is no attempt to depress quotations, as
usual at this time of the year.
¦ The New York • market is more active, as
will be seen In the first column. •:•
FRUITS— Apricots, 8<g9c for new; Evaporated
Apple3, 4@6c; sun dried, l^SZ^c; new evapo
rated Apples, 5@6c; Peaches, 3M>@4c for stand
ard. 4V4@5%o for choice and 6@6%c for fancy;
New Peaches, 6c for July and 5c for August de
livery; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unplt
ted, %@Uic; Nectarines, 4@4V£c for red and
4©5c for v/hlte. . . ¦
, PRUNES— 4 sizes: 40-50s, 6%c; E0-60s, 4Uc;
60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3%c; 80-90s. 2&c; 80-lOOs, 2Vic;
100-120S, i%c. '¦¦!*';¦¦¦; "'
RAISINS— The Raltin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOYtC per lb;
choice, 3V£c; standard, 8%c; prime, ;8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6^q; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6^c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, -5c: 3-crown, 5Vic, and
4-crown. 5>£c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5lic: Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per - box; 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, - $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, 1 $3.- All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@12>Ac-
No. 2, 8@8V&c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%@7V£c; Almonds,' 13@14c for paper-shell, 10@
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12&c;
Filberts, 12@121Sc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 5C@5. ... ¦ . -*:..*
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9®9%c
for light amber;. water white extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4^>c; dark, 3V4c
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. .
Local dealers continue to quote a firm and
moderately supplied ' market. r *"- .. - - " " .-'
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c'per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14^c for
extra light and 16c 'for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured' Hams,. 13^4@14c; California Hams,
ISc; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family, $13 SO; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear.; $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,' 13%@143
per lb. .-'-¦' . ,' ¦
.. LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7«4c per lb for
compound and 10V4c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10%c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins.-: U%c. -
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 97»c; three
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
York.
10
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
STAT
¦ioxs.
| »S ?| «3
| f-| fi P
Astoria...
Baker
Ca rsen . . .
Eure!<a...
Fresno...
Flaps taff.
PcK-arelio,
Indep«Ti<l'
Ucg Ansrf
Pbc*nix..
Portland.
Red Btofl
Rosebud
Sarramf-n
Salt I,alc
San Frsr.
San I^uif
San r>iep-<
Seattle...
Spokane..
Neah Bey
U alia Wi
Winm-mu
yumt>
>. Idaho.
teaoe
>les
i'.'.'.'.'.'.'.V.
nto
•.riseo
Obippo.
o
\-
alia
jeea.....
...30.20 64 cO NW I
...23.8S S4 ?4 N\V I
...29. SO S8 52 ¦«" i
...30.12 64 .'0 NW ¦
...23.82 100 62 NW I
...29.SS SO oS NW
...29.7C 100 €4 S i
...2i».7O 98 66 SE
...rt.ifi 8S i,8 W ¦
...23.58 112 £6 W
...30.12 72 54 NW i
...23.S8 PS 66 SE
.. .30.08 7S 50 NW I
...2*.?"! J*4 56 SW
....29.74 102 66 NW
... .23.00 70 50 W
...29.90 90 50 N
...28.SS €8 62 SW I
...Z0. 12 70 54 P\V
...29.92 S4 54 SW
.. .30.18 60 40 SW i
...29.P2 S.S 40 W
...23.78 S2 60 W
...29.66 1CK 7S SW>
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Ciear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear <a 0
Clear * 0
Ciear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Cloudy .11
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
v*
STATIONS.
4
If
• §
= 3
: 3
3 2 - 1
it S s §^
p. 3 I : ?
'alenno
ianta Maria
lollister
'an Jo?;
.Vntura
Capa ,
laaford
.. 9S
.. S2
... 93
... 91
.. 72
... PI
..102
55
60
45
57
45
67
S Clear 0
. Clear 0
Clear 0
N Clear 0
Clear 0
SW Clear 0
Clear 0
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
j Second Feet.
DATE. r-
1900. 1301.
uly 7 .' 1834 9610
uly 8 1S34 8910
:uly 9 1738 7900
uly 10 i 1733 7300
uly H.. 1643 7040
uly 12 1546 «730
uly 13 1450 7040
DATE.
DATE.
Second Feet. I
1 M*n«Co.[
1900. I 1901. Canal. I
Total
1301.
uly 7
uly 8
uly 9
uly 10
uly 11
uly 12
uly 13
863
1072
7S2
762
582
672
SS2
6470
4895
4S93
3S30
3345
3830
4073
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
5477
4902
4903
3837
3352
3837
4082
Second Feet.
DATE.
1900. 1301.
uly 7 4360 4360
uly 8 4360 4560
uly 9 4360 4360
uly 10 4360 4360
uly ii 4360 4360
uly 12 41T0 4360
uly 13 4170 4380
DATE.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERN'DON.
DATE.
I Second Teet.
1300. j 1901.
ruly 7
ruly 8
ruly 9
ruly 10 -
ruly 11
fuly 12 •
fuly 13
2070
2070
2190
2190
1330
1830
1S3O
8148
7334
7618
7334
7354
7090
6830
STAT
¦ioxs.
| »S ?| «3
| f-| fi P
Astoria...
Baker
Ca rsen . . .
Eure!<a...
Fresno...
Flaps taff.
PcK-arelio,
Indep«Ti<l'
Ucg Ansrf
Pbc*nix..
Portland.
Red Btofl
Rosebud
Sarramf-n
Salt I,alc
San Frsr.
San I^uif
San r>iep-<
Seattle...
Spokane..
Neah Bey
U alia Wi
Winm-mu
yumt>
>. Idaho.
teaoe
>les
i'.'.'.'.'.'.'.V.
nto
•.riseo
Obippo.
o
\-
alia
jeea.....
...30.20 64 cO NW I
...23.8S S4 ?4 N\V I
...29. SO S8 52 ¦«" i
...30.12 64 .'0 NW ¦
...23.82 100 62 NW I
...29.SS SO oS NW
...29.7C 100 €4 S i
...2i».7O 98 66 SE
...rt.ifi 8S i,8 W ¦
...23.58 112 £6 W
...30.12 72 54 NW i
...23.S8 PS 66 SE
.. .30.08 7S 50 NW I
...2*.?"! J*4 56 SW
....29.74 102 66 NW
... .23.00 70 50 W
...29.90 90 50 N
...28.SS €8 62 SW I
...Z0. 12 70 54 P\V
...29.92 S4 54 SW
.. .30.18 60 40 SW i
...29.P2 S.S 40 W
...23.78 S2 60 W
...29.66 1CK 7S SW>
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Ciear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Cloudy 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear <a 0
Clear * 0
Ciear 0
Pt.Cldy 0
Clear 0
Cloudy .11
Clear 0
Clear 0
Clear 0
v*
STATIONS.
4
If
• §
= 3
: 3
3 2 - 1
it S s §^
p. 3 I : ?
'alenno
ianta Maria
lollister
'an Jo?;
.Vntura
Capa ,
laaford
.. 9S
.. S2
... 93
... 91
.. 72
... PI
..102
55
60
45
57
45
67
S Clear 0
. Clear 0
Clear 0
N Clear 0
Clear 0
SW Clear 0
Clear 0
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
j Second Feet.
DATE. r-
1900. 1301.
uly 7 .' 1834 9610
uly 8 1S34 8910
:uly 9 1738 7900
uly 10 i 1733 7300
uly H.. 1643 7040
uly 12 1546 «730
uly 13 1450 7040
DATE.
DATE.
Second Feet. I
1 M*n«Co.[
1900. I 1901. Canal. I
Total
1301.
uly 7
uly 8
uly 9
uly 10
uly 11
uly 12
uly 13
863
1072
7S2
762
582
672
SS2
6470
4895
4S93
3S30
3345
3830
4073
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
5477
4902
4903
3837
3352
3837
4082
Second Feet.
DATE.
1900. 1301.
uly 7 4360 4360
uly 8 4360 4560
uly 9 4360 4360
uly 10 4360 4360
uly ii 4360 4360
uly 12 41T0 4360
uly 13 4170 4380
DATE.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERN'DON.
DATE.
I Second Teet.
1300. j 1901.
ruly 7
ruly 8
ruly 9
ruly 10 -
ruly 11
fuly 12 •
fuly 13
2070
2070
2190
2190
1330
1830
1S3O
8148
7334
7618
7334
7354
7090
6830
AUCTION SALES
&, ANOTHER BIG fe%
AUCTION SALE
O£ Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES.
Consisting of 1
100 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken singrle and double, and -weigblnsr from
1000 to 1350 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years
old. Many handsome single drivers, -well
matched teams and saddle horses. All axe
solid In color and have passed the veterina-
rian's Inspection. They are suitable forjlvery-
men. stage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terms cash.
Sale Takes Flaca
TUESDAY, July 23, 1901,
From 10 a. m. Sharp to 1:30 p. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LATNG. Auctioneer.
. Horses at Salesyard July 20th.
COLUMBIAN AUCTION HOUSE
WILL SELL THIS DAT.
FRIDAY. July 19. 1901.
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premise*.
222SH POST STREET, near Devlsadero.
. £H g * nt Hornunj Bros.' Upright Piano,
cost |4a0; Magnificent Parlor Upholstery, Ele-
gant Divans Easy Chairs. Fancy Kockers.
Magnificent Pictures. Terra Cotta Bronze and
Musln Ornaments. Point Lace Curtains. Ele-
gant Chamber Suits, Odd Pieces. Elegant
Chamber Furniture, Magnificent Sideboard.
Extension Table and ' Dining Chairs. China-
ware. Glassware. Cutlery, etc.. Range and
Kitchen requisites complete.
NOTE— The particular attention of all Intend-
ing purchasers ts called to this sale.
GALLICK & VINCENT. Auctioneers.J. C. RICHARDS. S. CREBA. H. M. WATERLAND. C. BLOXHAM. W. TVITTS. PERCY WOODHOUSE. F. W. BRANDON. D. ODGERS. W. H. SHEAF. ,, ••.; .fl .
j HENRY FREGONING.. J.T.TROY. H. J. FORD. H. PEACE. J.HOGARTH. n^,,,,™ £ HBSHiil
! J. D. LANSING. A_ G. BELL. W. R. JACKST J. CHAMBERS. W. H. BRADLEY. W. G. JOHNSON. J. H. COCKING. C. E. OLVER. FRED TLRNEB, lUWlWSiB
FRANK WINTERBURN. ROBERT SHARP. THOMAS BRADBURY. W. H. FULLER. T. POYSER. JOHN HILBERT. ' : '1 "»! l: "
WILLIAM MEEK. F. PHILLIPS. W. H. PRICE. A. DINGLE. » . : ' :^ '
MEMBERS OF THE GRAND LODGE OF THE ORDER OF ST. GEORGE
C, was chosen grand president. At the
banquet last night none of the toasts were
more enthusiastically received than. "The
Land We Live In." "Our Soldiers and
Sailors," meaning the United States army
and navy, and "The President of the
United States."
The banquet was most successful in all
Its appointments. To the following com
mittee is due the credit for its arrange
ments: J. Lancaster, chairman; Dr. "W.
J. Hoaford, vice chairman; T. Booth, sec
retary: A. J. Willson, treasurer; J. A.
Barlow, W. Sheaff, Dr. E. T. Hosford, W.
J. Haniond, W. J. Oakes. A. G. Rhodes,
Dr. W. H. Field, James Pollitt, H. Cole,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
-Thursday, July 13.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 77 hours from. New
Whatcom. i *s ."" •' -' '-' .
Bark Diamond Jjpadl Peterson, 22 days from
Honoluhl - bomV^cpokts.
NEAK BAT-Passed In July IS— Ger bark
Gustave and Oscar, from Table ' Bay. -
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed July lS-Schr
Ludlow, for' San Pedro.
OCEAN STEAMER.
NETW YORK— Arrived July VS— Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from Hamburg-. Boulogne and Ply-
MAY FIGHT IN MONTANA.
and RuJhlin.
Butte Club Makes an Offer to Jeffries
NEW YORK. July 18.— The TelegrapH
says: Jeffries and Ruhlin may decide their
postponed championship battle in Butte.
Mont Word was received from that
place last evening that the Olympic Club)
had made a lucrative offer for the bout.
Gustavus Ruhlln and William Madden,
his manager, are in Butte and have held
a conference with the officers of the club.
The latter maintain that they can conduct
the bout without interference. The club
proposes to hold the bout in the open air.
It will offer 65 per cent of the gross re
ceipts and i3 said to be willing to guaran
tee $20,C00 as the fighters* share of the re
ceipts. ¦' ' ¦ *"* '''
Madden will leave for San Francisco in
two days to consult with Jeffries. He will
suggest holding the bout In September.
Both Ruhlin and Jeffries witi insist that
the club post a forfeit of $10,000 as a guar
antee that the bout can take place in Mon-»
tana.
EARL RUSSELL
GOES TO PRISON
House of Lords Gives
Him a Term of Three
Months.
Accused Nobleman Pleads Ig-
norance of the Law as
) His Defense,
LONDON, July 18.— Earl Russell, ar
raigned at the bar of the House of Lorda
to-day on the charge of bigamy, pleaded
guilty after lengthy arguments against
the Jurisdiction of the court. The trial
was carried on with all the quaint middle
age ceremonies. The arguments lasted
one hour.' Both the Earl and the Coun
tess (Mrs. Somerville), through their coun
sel, pleaded that they did not know they
were doing wrong, but had acted on th«
best legal advice obtainable in Nevada.
The Peers reached their decision after
consideration of the case, lasting twenty
minutes. Earl Russell was sentenced tot
three months' imprisonment as a first
class misdemeanant.
In anticipation of the arrival of Lord
Russell the officials of Holliday Prison
have prepared for his reception one of tha
rooms formerly o'ecupied by William. T.
Stead, the editor, and members of tha
Jameson raiders. It is a commodious
apartment, in which his Lordship can ba
supplied with his own food and wines.
Ancient Ceremonial in Force.
The scene In the Royal gallery, tem
porarily converted into a court of Justice,
when the Lord High Chancellor, Lord
Halstoury, who had been appointed Lord
'High Steward for the occasion, took his
seat upon the dais and the quaint cere*
monial began, was most picturesque. Tha
hall was a magnificent blaze of color, pro
duced by the robes of the Peers, the aca
demic robes of tha Judges and the bril
liant uniforms of his state officers. Al
though the House of Lords was not rep
resented in its full strength, about 200 of
Earl Russell's peers attended his trial and
made an imposing array as they filed into
the hall, two by two, from behind tho
throne. Lord Salisbury, the Premier,
brought up the rear of the procession and
was almost unnoticed as be took his seat
near Lord Halsbury.
Immediately beneath the dais eat tha
ten Judges in their gorgeous robes, sur
rounded by a phalanx of lesser legal
luminaries. On either side of the Judges
were ranged five benches filled with Peers,
whose ranks were distinguishable by tha
varying number of rows of ermine and
gold lace on their scarlet mantels.
The benches reserved for Peeresses were
amply filled, while the space allotted to
distinguished strangers was crowded with
the diplomatists and their families. In
cluding the United States Embassador,
Joseph H. Choate, and the Secretary oC
the United States Embassy, Henry White.
Mollie Cook, otherwise Mrs. Somervllle,
Earl Russell's present wife, entered tha
hall by ticket and sat facing the benches
occupied by members of the House- o2
Commons. She was accompanied by a.
young woman dressed in gray and wear
ing a hat trimmed with cream lace. Mol
lie Cook appeared no more concerned than
the other witnesses of the interesting
scene.
Nevada Judge Present.
Among the witnesses who entered the
hall was Judge Curler of Nevada, who
took a seat beside the clergyman who
married Earl Russell to Mabel Scott, his
first wife.
The court was formally opened with a
series of quaint ceremonies and the ex
change of stately phrases prescribed In
the ancient legal procedure.
Beside Lord Halsbury, in his Earl's
robes and a wig, stood General Sir Mi
chael Blddulph, gentleman usher of tho
black rod, and William Henry Weldon,
Esq., the Norroy-king-of-anns, in a re
splendent tunic
"Our sovereign lord and King, shouted
the Norroy-king-at-arms, "charges and
commands all manner of persons to keep
silence on pain of imprisonment."
Another official, on bended knee, handed
the commission to the Lord High Chan
cellor, who, while handing It to another
kneeling clerk, said:
"Let all be uncovered while the com
mission is read."
After the necessary ceremonies, Earl
Russell was conducted to the bar. Ha
calmly surveyed his Judges and Peers.
Then a clerk of Parliament cried loudly:
"John Francis Stanley, Earl Russell,
come forth and surrender to bail or for
feit recognizance."
"How Say You, My LordP"
Then Black Rod, bedecked with medals
and in uniform, approached the bar,
which was raised as the Earl drew near,
and surrendered Earl Russell. Upon
reaching his appointed seat. Earl Russell
stood leaning against the table and then
made obeisance three times to the Lord
High Steward. He remained with bowed
head until the latter addressed the ac
cused. Then the Indictment was read by
the clerk, who concluded with these
words:
"How say you, my Lord, guilty of
felony, or not guilty?"
Before Earl Russell could answer his
counsel objected to the indictment on tha
ground that the alleged offense was com
mitted outside the dominions of His Ma
jesty, King Edward. During the course*
of the technical and tiresome argument
by the Earl's counsel the prosecution
summoned Judge Curler within the bat*
to confer on certain points raised in coun
sel's argument.
After the reply of the prosecution to tho
argument of counsel for the defense Earl
Russell, In a voice scarcely audible.
pleaded guilty. His counsel then ad
dressed the House in mitigation, urging
that the accused had acted on the best
legal advice obtainable in Nevada, that
the offense was merely technical and that
no harm had been done. Lord Russell ad
dressed the House in the same strain, say
ing the decree received in the United!
States gave special sanction to a new;
marriage.
Earl Russell said he proposed to re
marry Mollie Cook as early as possible.
Concluding, he said he placed himself in
their Lordships' hands, that he had acted
in ignorance and with no intention of
willingly defying the law.
The .peers retired to consider their ver
dict. When they had reassembled tha
Lord High Steward called for the prison
er. The whole House rose to its feet when
the Lord High Steward proceeded to de
liver the judgment. While the crime could
not be passed over, said the Lord High
Steward.- there were several mitigating
circumstances. In consideration of and as
a result of these their Lordships had
unanimously declared that justice would
be satisfied by his being imprisoned In
Holloway prison for three months as a
criminal in the first degree.
MINT INVESTIGATION
BROUGHT TO A FINISH
.General Impression Is That an Ar
rest May Be Ordered by Authori
ties at Washington.
The investigation into the recent theft
of $30,000 in gold from the Mint and the
inspection of the treasure in the building
have finished. The counting of the $47,000.
000 concluded vesterday. with the result
that no shortage was ¦ discovered in the
sacks of treasure. 1 -
The full report of Director Roberts and
Secret Service Agent Hazen of their in
vestigation of the robbery is now in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury
and Chief Wllkie of the secret service de
partment.
It now remains with the officials in
Washington to decide If any arrest shall
be made. At the Mint yesterday no state
ment was given out. '
! It Is known that the report forwarded
to .Washington exonerates Cashier Cole
from any negligence or blame in the mat
ter of the robbery- Superintendent Leach
¦will be called upon to make good • the
amount stolen.
CRIPPLE CREEK,' Colo., July 18.— The
Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress
to-day completed the most important of
its work by adopting resolutions covering
a multitude of subjects of interest to the
great West, and selecting, the Twin Cities
—St. Paul and Minneapolis— as the next
place of meeting. The only debate of the
session which at any time threatened to
disturb the harmony of the occasion came
up over the resolutions proposing the es
tablishment of Government departments
of mining and of commerce and industry.
Tho friends of the former feared that the
adoption of the latter would; be inimical
to their hopes, the danger being that. the
mining- industry might be relegated to a
bureau of some other department. The de
bate was led by H. R. Whitmore of St.
Louis and F. I. Thurber of New York. on
the side of the department of commerce
and industry- - Hon. B. "F. Montgomery,
Speaker of the Colorado Legislature, and
former Governor Adams of Pueblo, Colo.,
spoke foa the mining department. Finally,
on motion of ex-Governor Prince of New
Mexico, the industrial feature was strick
en from the resolution advocated by the
Eastern delegates, and both ¦ departments
were then unanimously indorsed.
Many Recommendations Made.
Governor FIshback of Arkansas, chair
man of the committee on resolutions, read
the report of the committee, which was
adopted after considerable debate. Among
other measures It favors the construction
by the general Government of reservoirs
and canals for the reclamation of arid
lands, and the enactment of laws, State
and National, to encourage the construc
tion of storage dams to impound^the rain
fall; suggests the i issuance of bonds by
the Government with which reclamation
of arid lands may be accomplished , the
money to be refunded by the settlements
In the purchase price of the lands; favors
Btatehood for Arizona/- New Mexico and
Oklahoma and a suitable government for
Cripple Creek Conven
tion Urges Passage
of Needed Laws.
WILL SEEK AID
FROM CONGRESS
C. L. Trow, J. W. Carlen and George
Dixon.
The officers of Albion Lodge are: E. J.
Squires, -worthy past president; J. A. Bar
low, worthy president; E. T. Joste,
worthy vice president; George Watchers,
worthy messenger; J. J. Roberts, worthy
secretary; Fred Taylor, worthy assistant
secretary: J. W. Carlen. "worthy treas
urer; T. Booth, worthy chaplain; R. Ped
dle, worthy assistant messenger; W. H.
Hambleton, worthy inside sentinel; Thom
as Reeves, worthy outside 'sentinel; A. J.
Wllison, J.' Lancaster, George Fake, trus
tees; Dr. F. L. Herrick, physician; James
Pollitt, organist
the Indian Territory; favors the imme
diate construction of a Pacific cable and
the Nicaragua canal; asks that the inter
state commerce law be amended; favors
laws to encourage the beet sugar indus
try; indorses an intercontinental railway;
advocates restoration of the merchant ma
rine; asks for liberal appropriations for
river and 'harbor improvements, and pro
vides for the appointment of.a committee
of five to lay the above matters before the
next Congress. «
The contest between St. Paul and New
Orleans for the next place of meeting
was vigorously waged, but the former's
victory was a signal one. It is the first
time a city in the northern half of the
trans-Mississippi territory has been*
chosen. i
New Executive Committee.
• The following. members of the new ex
ecutive committee were announced: Tex
as. J. W. Riggln; California, W. M.
Bunker; Colorado, Mitchell Benedict;
Kansas. Dr. F. T. C. Frazier; Nebraska,
L. J. Blower; New Mexico, R. W. Tan
hill: Louisiana. Sidney Lewis; Indian
ritory. William Noble; Montana. W. M.
Woodbridge; Nevada, J. A. Miller; Min
nesota. S. O. Brooks; Utah, George Rom
ney; Oklahoma. J. Beadles; Wyoming,
Fred Bond; South Dakota. F. W. Marlin,
Arizona. B. H. Fowler; Iowa, William H.
Calhoun; Arkansas, George Sengle; Mis
souri, H. R. Whitmore; Idaho, J. B. Flen
ner.
At the night session addresses were
made by W. M. Bunker of San Francisco
on "Trana-Paclfic Trade of the United
States"; by Frank i Bond of Cheyenne,
Wyo., and F. N. Newell of Washington,
D. C, on irrigation.
The wedding of Miss May A. Dunn and
Charles E. Mayfleld was solemnized at the
residence of the bride's aunt, Mrs. M. C.
Shephard, Bl Pierce street, last Monday
evening.. The -Rev. B. J. McKinnorr of
Menlo Park performed the ceremony,
which was witnessed by about forty
friends and relatives o* the young people.
The home was prettily decorated in
white and green. The bride was attired
in a gown of embroidered white satin,
trimmed with point lace. She wore lilies
of the \ alley in her hair and the bridal
bouquet was of the same flower. Miss
Margaret Shanahan, the maid of honor,
wore a turquoise blue dress and carried
a bunch of bride's roses. • Miss Susan
Hutchinson was bridesmaid and was at
tired In white. The brother of the bride,
H. A. Dunn, was best man. The ceremony
took place in the parlors, and at its con
clusion supper was served.
Tho bride is a San Francisco young
woman, having been born in this city,
where she is well known. She is the
daughter of Mrs. B. M. Dunn. She has
been a teacher in the public schools of
Solano County for two years, and is a
general favorite with all who know her.
Mr. Mayfield is in business in Sulsun
City and possesses numerous friends In
that locality. He is prominently identi
fied with several fraternal societies. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Mayfield are in Southern
California, where they will spend a brief
honeymoon. They will reside in Sulsun
City.
A surprise party was given to Miss
Grace Sullivan, at the home of her pa
rents, 1450 Sacramento street, on June 27
by a number of her friends. Tho^e pres
ent were: Misses Anita Cobine, Cornelia
HInchman, Dolly Jackson, Vera/ Fitch,
Louise Crooker, Beatrice Rule, Doris
Bernstein, Marie Cobine and Grace Sulli
van: Messrs. Howard de Courcy, Charles
Hay, Harold Fisher, Allen Hayes, Norbert
Sills, Bert Oesting, Albert Hartmann,
Jack Verdenal, Harry Sullivan, William
Green and William Sullivan.
The members of James A. Garfleld Re
lief Corps No. -21 and their families ten
dered a very pleasant surprise party t»
Mr. and Mrs. Walter A. -Wllkins on July
5 at the residence of Mrs. Caroline Dib
blee. The affair was in honor of the fifth
anniversary of their marriage and • also>
the birthday of Mrs. Wllkins. The follow
ing ladies planned the delightful surprise:
Mrs. A: Ehle.'Mrs. M. F. Moyce, Mrs. M.
J. Jones, Mrs.. T. E. MacGowan'and Miss
Pearl MacGowan. ". • •
Bruce Large is in Germany, after visit
ing London. Paris and several towns in
Holland. After a short stay in Hamburg
and Berlin Mr. Large leaves for Switser
land, and after 'enjoying the -wonders of
tho Alps he will go to Rome for a week's
stay.-. .. . . . ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦,'¦¦
jurisdiction. Albion Lodge, the local
branch of the order, outdid itself in mak
ing arrangements for the entertainment
of the Grand Lodge. Two banquets were
tendered the visiting delegates, and they
were shown over the city In carriages be
tween the business sessions. Eighteen
lodges, ranging Jn .location from San
Diego to Vancouver, were represented by
delegates, and they uniformly reported
growth in membership and Interest.
The Pacific jurisdiction of the Sons of
St. George Is overwhelmingly and loyally
American, though It numbers many Brit
ish subjects among its membership, one of
whom, Thomas Bradbury of Nanaimo, B.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Chinese Population Decreasing.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— A bulletin is
tued by the Census Office to-day shews
that there has been a decrease of the Chi
nese population in the United Stated since
lS90.of 17,665, the number now here being
89,600. The Japanese increased during the
past ten years from 2039 ' to 24,300.
PARIS, July IS.— The Budget Commit
tee cf the Chamber of. Deputies has
voted to abolish the French embassy to
the Vatican.
VOTES TO ABOLISH
VATICAN" TTlffBARR-V
Special Epworth League Excursion to
Los Angeles and Return, $15.00.
Thursday, July 26. Good going on any
train, either Coast line or via Fresno.
Return limit August 21. Stopovers. Fare
for Epworth Leaguers and friends only
tlS round trip. Offices of Southern Pa
eyie, 618 Martfet street and Mechanics'
Pavilion.
and, as far as present appearances point,
it promises to not be affected' in the
slightest by the strike."
Shaffer Goes to Wellsville.
The following was received to-day from
Wellsville: "The storm center of the
great strike was to-day moved from
Pittsburg tbthis little Columbiana County
village. News that the Wellsville plant
of the American Sheet Steel Company
was now in shape to run in full and that
men would be Imported from Vandergrift,
Pa., and other points to work all mills,
caused President Shaffer of the Amalga
mated Association to 'rush here from
Pittsburg to give courage to the striking
millmen.
"The Amalgamated officials. Trustee
John A. Morgan, Vice President John A.
Chapelle and President Shaffer were al
most smothered by the crowd which
greeted them here on their arrival. A pro
cession of several thousand people fol
lowed them to the city hall, where the
public meeting was held, and at which
President Shaffer was the principal
speaker. About 2000 people were crowded
into the hall before the party from. Pitts
burg reached the platform. The address
of President Shaffer was listened to with
deep interest. President Shaffer cautioned
the men to keep within the bounds of the
law, and, above all, to abstain from,
drinking."
Firemen Must Resume Work.
WILKESBARRE. Pa,, July 18.— The
coal operators and the striking- station
ary firemen of the Wyoming Valley take
opposite views of the action of the execu
tive committee of the United Mine Work
ers, which met in Scranton to-day. The
committee decided that all firemen -who
are members of the United Mine Workers'
organization must return to work.
The operators think this is a severe
blow to the men on strike, and one from
which they cannot recover. On the other
hand the strikers claim that it will not
affect them much, as only a compara
tively few firemen belong to the United
Mine Workers. It would seem that a
settlement of the strike now rested with
the mine employes themselves and not
with the operators. The United Mine
Workers have apparently declared for
one policy and the stationary firemen for
another. There are 70.000 miners in the
Wyoming- and Lackawanna region ¦ and
only about 1800 firemen. If the coal com
panies can secure enough firemen who
are members of the United Mine Workers
to do their work in the boiler-rooms there
is nothing to prevent them from start
ing their, collieries. '
two representatives in the Supreme Lodge
instead of one, as formerly. Heretofore
only adults of English birth have been
admitted, and the order has existed ex
clusively for social purposes. This Grand
Lodge adopted resolutions in favor of
widening the basis of eligibility for mem
bership so as to admit all born British
subjects — Irish, Scotch and Welsh as well
as English; in favor of establishing a ju
nior branch of the order, and favoring
the addition of an insurance feature to
the scope of the order's activities.
Reports received from the various subor
dinate lodges showed a prosperous condi
tion pervading it throughout the Pacific
PITTSBURG, July 18.— Most Important
of all news regarding the steelworkers'
strike that reached Pittsburg to-day was
the action of the men employed in the
Duncansville plant of the American Steel
Hoop Company. A. telegram was re
ceived by President Shaffer from the men
in the morning, asking if they should
strike. The message was a surprise for
the Amalgamated people, as they were
not looking for this news so soon. Presi
dent Shaffer answered, telling the men not
to go out unless they were organized. If
organized, they should strike, for they
were needed. In the afternoon a telegram
was received .from Duncansville, asking
that an organizer I be sent to them at
once. '
In compliance with this request Vice
President John Pierce started for Dun
cansville this evening to complete the or
ganization. The Duncansville plant is the
last of the hoop plants to remain at work,
and the Amalgamated Association officials
say that if they are successful in closing
it they will be masters of the situation, as
far as the Bteel hoop company is con
cerned, at least
Police Fear Trouble.
In the Immediate vicinity of Pittsburg
the evident intention of the company to
attempt the reopening of the Dewees-
Wood plant at McKeesport is the only
incident so far calculated to cause uneasi
ness. The notices posted to-day are
placed with the probable . expectation of
obtaining the early return to town of
many # of the workers who have gone on
fishing and other vacation trips. The men
claim to be confident that enough men
cannot be secured to operate the mill and
say no opposition will be made to any who
wish to go in. The police authorities,
though, going on the principle that In
time of peace it is best to prepare for war,
have taken every precaution and feel pre
pared to cope with any, trouble that may
A dispatch to-night - from Monessen
says: "In 6pite of all efforts to the con
trary/the tin mill here is still running,
Duncansville Men Vol
untarily Decide to
"Walk Out.
OAKLAND, July 18.— The Grand I
Lodge of the Order of St. George,
which has just concluded its ses
sions in this city, . was not only
¦the most notable gathering in
the history of this most popular Anglo-
American society on this coast, but it
Initiated a forward movement calculated
largely to increase the strength and in
fluence of the order.
During the past year the organization
has increased in size within 'the Pacific
Jurisdiction so that it is now entitled to
STRIKE IS GIVEN
UNEXPECTED AID
If the men In the employ of the Morton
Special Delivery Company cannot be In
duced to Join the local Brotherhood of
Teamsters, or if that concern does not
recognize the union, there will be a team
sters* strike. Some weeks ago the San
Francisco Labor Council declared its in
tention to levy a boycott against that
company, but no further action was taken.
There ar« two companies bearing the
r.ame of Morton. One is the Morton Dray
age end Warehouse Company, and the
other the Morton Special Delivery Com
pany. - •¦-'.••
The former Is a member of the Dny
men's Union and employs none but union
men. The latter is not a unltJh establish
ment, but has business relations with the
former. Brothers are the active mana
gers of both concerns and other business
relations are as equally intimate as they
are fraternal. For some reason not ap
parent as yet the Bromerhood of Team
sters has declared war upon the Morion
Drayage Company.
It u-as generally expected that a large
amount of baggage would have to bo
handled in a hurry during the rush of visi
tors to the Epworth League convention,
tnd this time was considered appropriate
to declare war against the Mortons. But
&s most of the visitors were traveling
"iight," the occasion only arose once
where an outside truck v.-as needed. This
was loaded up and since then the Morton
Special Delivery Company, with its regu
lar force has been enabled to handle all
baggage intJ usted to its care.
Both the Draymen's Association and the
Btotherhood of Tenmstc-rs heid meetings
vt-sterday. but r.o definite conclusion was
reached." The Brotherhood of Teamsters
had a long meeting- last nipht and decided
practically lt> await the action of the
Draymen's Assuciaiion. The latter has
decided to nutrt again to-night at the Al
cazar building and take such action as
mav be required. Neither side was pre
pared yesterday to take definite action.
Secretary Geosg<? Etetmer of the Dray
mpn'.-; Association s^ys ihe men have been
fc-ranted all their aemands. and that tiie
Draymen's Association, of which the Mor
ton Drayage and Warehouse Company is
t member, will be sustained, as the eon
trai'i aritb ilif Morton Special Delivery
Company was made nine months ago, long
before tiie Brotherhood cf Teamsters pre
sented the demanis for wages and hours
which were Jaier grunted. Both sides are
¦tnbbora a::d are watching each other's
moves.
Aseptic Eules for Barbers.
Ajoir.t meeting of the Master Barbers'
Association, ihe journeymen Barbers' In
ternational t'nion a:id the Barbers' Pro
tective Union was b. !d last night to dis
cuss the new sanitary rules proposed by
the State Board of Barber Examiners for
the consideration of the State and local
Boards of Health. Some barbers have ob
jected to the proposed new rules, as they
were likely to cause considerable ex
pense. A long discussion, in which every
feature was considered, consumed the
greater portion of the evening-, and while
no definite result was reached a commit
tee was appointed to consider the plans
end co-operate with the State Board of
Barber Examiners. A further meeting
will be held on Monday night at 32 O'Far
rell street, by which time It is hoped to
have the report ready.
In order to prevent a repetition of the
troubles between the street sweepers who
have been discharged by Gray Bros, and
the men working at present a large force
of police guarded the sweepers last night.
Harry Gray says the disturbance of
Wednesday night was caused by men for
merly employed by the City Street Im
provement Company, who. Gray claims,
were incited to this action by President
Mcl>or.ald of that company.
"We have men coming to us and crying
for work." said Gray yesterday, "among
them many strikers. They say their fam
ilies are crying for food and they must
pet some work to keep their larders full.
We are promised all the protection need
ed for our workmen."
The strikers claim that the charter pro
visions are being- violated by Gray Bros,
by employing: aliens.
Secretary Wisler of the local machinists'
union says that the striking steel and
iron workers who returned to work yes
terday at the Judson mills at Emeryville
did so under an agreement to obtain a 5
per cent increase in wages on August 1.
"The statement has been published,"
eaid Secretary wfsler. "that these men
returned to work because they did not re
ceive a sufficient amount of money from
the strike benefit fund. They were not
entitled to any. When the blacksmiths
and machinists went out on May 20 the
proprietors of the Judson Iron Works
wanted some of these men to take their
places. Each shop requires one or more
blacksmiths or machinists to keep the
tools in repair. The steel workers would
not do this, and as the proprietors of the
works would not give in. the men walked
out. Now they have contracts giving
them more than was originally de
mended."
Sooks for Early Settlement.
Fourth Vice President Wilson of the In
ternational Association of Machinists
says he Is very much encouraged at the
outlook In this city and confidently ex
pects an early settlement of differences.
A compromise has been effected between
the Brewers' Protective Association, rep
resenting the employes, and the members
of- the local brewery workmen's union,
who have demanded an eight-hour work
day, in accordance with the contracts and
agreements heretofore submitted. The
difference between workmen and employ
ers was small. One question was regard-
Ing the time taken from work during
which the men might drink beer. The em
ployers waived this. The elg-ht hours a
day and other demands were granted by
the employers. On the part of the brew
ery workmen it was decided to allow the
employers to discharge such men as they
saw fit and to draw from the eligible list
of union workmen such men as they de
sired to employ Jn the event of any being
discharged. It is expected the contract
will be 6igned at once.
I>onations have been made t«> the San
Francisco Labor Council for the benefit
of the striking machinists by the Sand
Teamsters' Union of $5C and the Long
shore Lumbermen's Union of $100.
The executive committee of the Labor
Council Is preparing- to go before the
Board of Health and ask that measures
be taken to put an end to Butchertown.
Bhip Joiners' Union No. 81S6, A. P. of L.,
has Installed the following- named officers:
President. J. Eberwood: vice president, T.
Co' line; recording secretary, T. Westoby;
financial secretary, E. J. Lawlor; treasurer,
TV. 3. Clark; fuide, xi Crawford: trustees —
3. H. Celt ran. Joseph Moult on and Thomas
Daniels.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council it was announced that the trouble
In the McGlllivray quarry, near Palo
Alto. had been settled by the proprietors
Agreeing to employ only men having the
card of the Building Trades Councils,
either of Ban Francisco or Santa Clara
counties. Metal Workers' Union No. 19
was admitted to full membership.
Rules Proposed by the
State Board.
The Barbers Discuss Sanitary
by Drivers.
Morton's Concerns May
Be Under the Ban
NEW GRIEVANCE
OF TEAMSTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901;
GRAND LODGE OF ORDER OF ST. GEORGE
DECIDES UPON AN IMPORT ANT INNOVATION
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES Copttnnea.'
WANTED— An . honeEt and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. ; cash receipts about $1500 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, 1071 l ,£ Mar-
ket .st. San Francisco. ... '•• ¦ ¦
$1000-OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery bazaar,
school supplies and candies; sunny living
rooms; north of Market; near pchools; cost
$1500; owner leaving city; no agent. Box
2)15, Call offlce. • - v ' _'
BARBER shop In Hotel Arthur; two-chair com-
bination; best in town; good business: must
sell account sickness. J. L. FAUSSETT,
Lompoc. Cal. ¦ ' . '"
NOTE— A corner saloon in a good location for
sale at a bargain, including building and fix-
tures. 400 Townsend St.; no agents.
FOR sale— Cisars, confectionery, store and
fixtures, ice cream stand; $150.' M. C. COF r
FEE. Petaluma. j n ¦ ¦_
DELICACY store; must be sold or given away:
625 Valencia st Proprietor, 36 Geary st, room
5, bet. S a. m. and 1 p. m. <
FOR sale— Small oyster stand: a bargain. Call
8 a. m. to .4 p. m.. 418VJ Larkin st.
WANTED— A partner with a small capital In
a saloon. C24 Seventh st. -
LADY partner; small capital required; estab-
lished business. Box 3914. Call offlce. j
WHO wants to join Eastern parties in a part-
nership? lOOS^ Market st. room 4.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.'
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market st, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 years in Business in This City......
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms., $50 to $25,0OfK
150 lodging-houses. 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms, $S0 to 750
BO private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms.. $350 to 10.000
£0 hotels, 49 to 200 rooms. $1000 to 8,000
40 grocery stores. $400 tfc..... 6,000
.20 candy stores, $300 to 1,200
40 saloons, $400 to ' 6,000
10 cigar stores, $300 to 1.000
500 other businesses, all kinds, $100 to. . 20.000
100 vacant lot?, $25 to 8,000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
5 chicken ranches. $400 to 1.700
60 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14,000
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash -customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rms.; rent JISJ; gocd fur., carpets JS250
45 rms.; rent $150; perm., transient 2400
33 rms.; rent $150; Market; mortgage $800,.. 2000
IS rms.; rent $50: perm, and transient..... 700
MONEY loaned on deterred payments; 1% p. c.
i 12 rms.; rent J63. prl. board: good fur $1000
i 10 rras.; rent $52 50; fur. carpts & loc. good. 4C0
6 rms.; rent $25; new hardwood fur 375
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st.
Telephone Jessie 2211.
7 rooms; new flat; rent $25: corner.: $16r.
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $50: time 850
26 rooms; good comer; part cash 15C0
'¦ 42 rooms; rent $105; payments 1700
| 55 rooms; rent $1CO; paying house 2100
I ATTENTION, BUYERS!
: You may buy any rooming-house In
: the city, and pay for it
j in monthly payments
1 from the profits
' of the house.
; Vacant houses furnished.
i DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market
'¦ FISHER & CO.. 935 Market; phone Folsom 1312.
I 73 rooms: price $3000 42 rooms; price $3300
26 rooms; price 1900 30 rooms; price 2250
14 rooms; handsomer rent only $60; price. .$7«0
22 rooms: elegant: rent only $60; price.... $1500
We have over SCO more, any location, kind
or price, at* bargains and hurried sales.
A WELCOME to all Epworth Leaguers.
MARION GRIFFIN.
: 719 Market st. by Call Bldg.: tel. Black 1S03:
j restaurants, delicatessens, stores of all kinds; j
I £32 lodging houses. Call at offlce for list.
: THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
I and hotels can be found at offlce of
i G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
• ! No. 317 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
! Phone Mint 1911.
i . —
I SIXTH, 242— House of 9 rooms; lar^e yard; rea-
j sonable. ¦ j
j GOOD chance: 11-room house: low rent; near
I Van NeEs: $400. Box 3825, Call offlce.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals,
from many countries: taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin st.
i MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— ~~
; Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
j lnes ore: oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellis-
st. car: sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
! RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.
the world-renowned fiplritual medium: advice
in all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
| clalty; circles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
4 JOHN SLATER- Circles. 23c; Sun., Mon. Frl.
' eves., 8:15; Wed. aft, 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
I Sat. & Sun. 1803 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
i ID lost developing circle to-nieht: astonishing
readings. EOc $1. ARNOLD DICKSON. 148 6th.
i MRS. HARLAND'S circle. 8 p. m. : written
| questions ans.. 10c; read., SOc. $1. 148 Sixth.
'• CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
| 1st and card reading-. 25c. 124UJ Market et.
! MRS. LESTER, 14S Sixth, room 12; circle to-
j nisht. 10c; truthful readings daily, 5Cc and SI.
! EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings daily ;
i seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues., Fri.. 8
! p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m.lOc;readings daily,5(te.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mover: sittlnep daily: test to all to-nis:ht. 10c.
' CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
; located at 17 Third et. next Examiner bid? She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
i happy or not satisfied in life, or have domei-
i tic. love or business troubles, consult this great
medium ard you will be told how to overcome
- them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect estisf action guaranteed.
, A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
I HIGH PSYCHIST
! He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
I etc.. without asking a single question: cures
! titseases without medicine; shows you how to
! avoid bad luck and how to mak« yourself
\ lucky; reunites the separated: makes harmonv
j in your home; gives accurate advice on all
J business affairs; investments, mining, nil; read -
I Ings by mall; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. '.
i Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
| elves advice in all affairs of life; gives
! names, facts, figures, with full predictions in
• all love affairs; not one failure; letters ans-
j v.'ered. 116 Turk St.. flat 1.
I WHY, if some people only knew they couJd be
| benefited by my wonderful occult power, what
a ¦ change it would make in their lives; It
I would be brighter, happier and better in every
¦way; consult the genuine, she will guide you
! -right. MRS. DR. VALIEN. 1323% Market St.
i 1IRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-'
ket «t. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall:, send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; r«"er fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian recret; shows picture of future husband
I'- or wife: 23c" up; satisfaction to everybody;
j cures diseases by sympathy. 215 l /4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil— second sight:
dfegnoses disease with life reading; ladies SOc;
gents $l; palm, and clalr. K>i.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
lialmlst and reader of human destiny; never
j fails: 25c and SOc 1203 Mission St.. cor. Sth.
! MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason, medium; teaches
I palmistry and mind telegraphy: advice on all
business; 4 questions by mall, $1; hr's, 12 tp 8.
ISMAR. ¦ the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1118 Market, op.
€»h; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. CARLSON, medium and astrologist;
horoscopes cast; lessons given, EOc; hours 11
to 1 and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth st. room 22.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor.Cth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader-
ladies 25c. gents 50c. ' 182 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna st, near Fourth.
Mrs. Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c. G. SOc. 917 Howard.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
Bittlngs, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 60c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
. reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448>4 Jessie St., bet 6th and Sth.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st
CARPET S J^l^
WHEN. you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-bcat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; teL South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c; renovating, 5c up ;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.,' carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S • Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter v st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.,
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth . st. ; tel. Mission 74,
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT- •
TON. 3 Eighth St. ; telephone Jessie 944. ¦•'
. CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, ' bunions, corns, warts, chil-
bla'.ns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION . OFFICES.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, rm. 85, 916
- Market— Experienced, reasonable, trustworthy.
'GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No' charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
WOLFE,' 8—4 rooms; rent $8 50. Key No. 12,
next door. . t ¦ -
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809»JVIar-
ket st.. ccr. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; -gold crowns,
. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheaoest ard guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 f-0: fillings,
EOc; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, oor. Bush—
jFull set cf teeth. $4; crowns. S3: fillings. 23c.
DR R. L.WALSK.S15% Geory.nr.Lai kin— Pain-
less extraction SOc: plates $3 up;phonePol!cl!33.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. |
SET of ' teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOITNG. 3341 Polk st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
M?CAl5E T S^D^tecUvT^A^MicV~h^iales^an"reKl-
tlmate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South "ST.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mnffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, oom'l law,
penmanship, etc.: experienced teachers: new
typewriters: positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or-_any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.'
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL- JIILLKR College— Shorthand, typ-
Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil. el?c, mining, mech..,?ur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
• Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
I A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
I college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
I time. TARR. exp. acct. 220 Parrott bids.
High school students — The "Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy;circulars. 3040 16th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeepin? srammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. lyii Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
i MEDICAL hypnotism taught to students ot
! both sexps; chronic functional nervous dls-
j eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell. •
1 HLECTKO-THER.IPEIITIC.
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Snnlt.'irlum. » Mascn.
EXCHANGE.
I WHAT have you get to offer for this? Fine
2-story house of 7- rooms, bath, etc. : lot 60x j
i 130; street work all done: rlectric cars pass
| tha property: only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
I tlon; within walking distance of new Hiprh
I School and university. Apply ! to FRED H. !
I CLARK » £03 California st.. third floor.
EMPLOYMENT OFKICES. !
Japanese" a^^hm^e""h^ir^™aii^inds~:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 133.
ORPHEUM Employment Oiflce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Po-rrell.nr.Sutter; teL Black 5072. j
CHINESE and Japanese employment office— i
Best help. m% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426. j
j RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
j flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, first-class, perfect fitting, lat-
est styles: costumes remodeled: $1 50 per day
!n- families. Address J. P., modiste, 1O24>,4
Larkin st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN woman wants a situa-
tion in a plain family; wages $10 to $12. Call
137 Third st. •
BY experienced, active woman, to travel East I
as nurse for infant or Invalid; best of refer- I
ences. Address MISS F., 22GO Fillmore st. j
NORWEGIAN girl wants place for general I
housework; unable tp speak English. 3478 |
Twenty-second Bt. r
LADY wishes position to do sewin? in linen
room cf hotel or institution: city or country.
Bcx 2275. CaH offlce, Oakland. ' -
YOUNG woman wants place as housekeeper;
city or country. Call 1536 Mission- st.
• YOUNG lady. Just arrived from East, wishes
situation at chamber work or care of chil-
dren; will help them with their studies. Box
3852. Call office.
A STRONG, healthy young woman wants any
kind of sewing, plain or fancy; lace made to
order; lessons given. Call 604 O'Farrell st.,
room 9. second floor.
FIRST-CLASS cook, city or country; refer-
ences. "Box 3816, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— M0 rooms; 25c to tl £0 per night; $1 50 to
16 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED, advertisements and subscriptions,
received i»t Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A PRACTICAL sweet and dry wine. maker, 15
years' experience, best/references, wishes
situation. Addres.3 box 38S7, Call offlce.
YOUNG Frenchman wants situation in family
to teach French, German, Dutch and violin;
good treatment preferred to high wages;
country preferred. Address box 24, Call offlce. I
A — WANTED — Two men want work, such as
rough carpenter and painter; Job work. Box
2S94, Call office. " • :
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; place
in country ; good references. Address box
3896. Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions to work In coun-
try or in city. Call 1138 Howard st, city.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper open for engagement.
Box 3809. Call offlce. . .
JANITOR, experienced, references, ; wishes &
position. Box 3974, Call of flee.-
WANTED— By a young man of experience, po-
sition In" slaughter house; good references.
Box 2818, Call office. ' . . • .. __
SITUATION wanted by a reliable man as.
watchman. Address GUS ] \ REIMERS, . 120
Howard st •... .
A SCANDINAVIAN surveyor would like a Job
with a surveying party. Box 3970, Call.
EMPLOYMENT A WASTED MAEE.
SITUATION by a sober young German; stranger
s in city; 8 years' -experience in wine and
liquor; is willing to work at anything. G.
T.. Call branch office. 106, Eleventh st
A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work In a small place in
the country or stock ranch; good references.
Address T. P.. 1519 Howard st. .; -
WANTED— Position by a first-class coachman:
thorough horseman and good all-around man;
also good gardener; best of references given.
Box 3805. Call office.
GOOD harnessmaker wishes position \ In shop
or livery stable. Address 237 Minna st.
CHR. BILLKR. ¦
BUTCHER wants position in some wholesale
place ; to drive wrigon or* some other work.
Write .to' C..W. F.. 1709 Leavenworth st.
GOOD Japanese couple want places; man as
cook, wife nurse and housework; both speak
English. 358 Jessie. st.; tel. Howard 2346. .
GOOD Japanese. man wants place to do house-
work; speaks English. 358 Jessie st;, tel.
Howard 2346. . . ' ...
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch. offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
¦^ ; FEATHERS REyOVATED.
FEATHER 1 pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J.O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
st: phone Capp 2682. ¦
L.E T.
HOUSES. COTTAGES. FLATS TO LET.
1125 Leav'wth; h.,8r.$52 921 Buchanan; f. 6 r.$30
2118 Central av. h lOr 50 1618 Bush; f. 9 r 20
1178 Ellis; f. 8 r 4.i 2427 Sutter: c. « r 22
1521 O'Farrell: f. 7 r. 37 418 Clayton: f. 5 r.. 21
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st. .-
A SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms, bath;, central.
1521 O'Farrell, near Laguna. ' •'
TO let— 4 rooms; $10. 247 Shipley st
A FINE Hat of 5 rooms and bath at 4585
Eighteenth st; fine view.
NEW fi-room flat; faces park. 54 Partola st.
off Waller, west of Steiner.
FLATS TO LET FURXISHED.
$25— CORNER flat, T«rooma. oath, piano. 2542
McAllister. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
' > . FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Near the park or in desirable part
of ¦ Mission, below Twentieth st, furnished
flat of 7 rooms and bath by family of adults;
rent reasonable. Address immediately box
4457. Call office. ¦. ,
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or S rooms and
\ bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address bcx 3917. Call offlce. -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A.- B.' Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $i8 50, with No. 7
rnngs. , Kins Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 14G2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.: phone Jrssie 2071.
TEL. Jessie 7C1 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 92S- Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 13/4.
Auctioneer— 1.. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
U. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kent in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AVANTED — FE3IALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
< Waitress, Lake Tahoe. see party here $20
Laundress.- Lake Tahoe, see party here. ...$25
Fancy Ironer, Lake Tahoe, fare paid $35
Waitresses, cooks, fancy ironers, city and
country best of wages
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Eastern girls wanted for work for hotels and
families, best of wages; cooks, housegirls,
nursegirls. second girls, city and country. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gesry st.
GIRL to assist with care of children and house-
work, office fee paid. C. R. HANSEN &,CO.,
101 Geary st.
TWO competent Scandinavian girls for the
same house as cook and second girl, ?35 to $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Lady's maid. $25; laundress, $30,
private family: 'cleaning woman, institution,
723: ccok $25, second girl $-0, same place;
cook, 3 in family, $30, short distance; cook
for men, ?2o; a second girls, $20-$25; nurse.
520; 10 hotel waitresses, $20; chambermaid
and waitresses, $20; 10 cooks; plain wash,
$25-$3O; Sv.-edish cook, $35; a large number
of house crirls.' $20-$?5. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316' Sutter st. ¦
'¦MRS. M.tE. DAY Phone Main 1575"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
cial and city hotels, %>0 and $?5; 5 chamber-
maids to wait dinner, $20: 2 chambermaids,
$13 and $18
...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, small family, no washing, country, $30;
cooks and houi-egirls, city and country, best
wages. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cashier for first-class restaurant in city,
waitresses, city hote'.s, $20;>mirse, hall wait-
ress, 'J20.
WANTED— Cooks and house girls; wages $33
and $25. CATTELL'S, 525 8th St., Oakland.
WANTED— An experienced stenographer: must
be a good speller: alsj young latfy for office
work, must be good at figures. Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at HALE BROS., 973
Marke t st. V .
100 WOMEN and girls wanted; those having
' worked in canneries preferred; highest wages
paid. GIBBS-WILSON Packing Co., 921
Bryant st.
EXPERIENCED crocheters and hand sewers
on sweaters, jerseys and underwear. Apply
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk st.
ELDERLY woman; light housework and mind
-baby: cood home; small wages. 1122 Pa-
clflc st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Call
Sunday or Monday, 2395 Grove st, Dwlght
way station, Berkeley.
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; Inexperncd
instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission.
GIRL to take care of one child. Apply 2022
Broderlc!: st. ¦
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework; $12.
32C6 Polk st : .
A WAITRESS wanted for country. Apply S4S
Harriet st. /
WANTED — An elderly woman to do light
housework and attend sick lady. 162 Seventh.
COOK; wages ?25. 200 Central ave., corner
Page it. . '
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
wages $20. 417 Central ave.. near Hayes st.
WANTED— A woman to wash napkins; wages
-$20./ 317 Montgomery st.
A-TOUNO girl to take care of child and assist
with housework: German preferred, 11U4
Webster s't. - - -
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; Ger-
man preferred. Call 1207'i Scott st. ; sieep
home. . . ¦ •
YOUNG Klrl for chamberwork and care of 4-
year-old boy; $10. 3022 Clay st. . .
WANTED— Hairdresser Rnu\ apprentice. . ioC6
Market st.
GIRL for cooking and housework. S16 a month.
1117 Van Ness ave..
WANTED— A girl to do cooking; wages $25.
Call from 10 to 12 at 601 Steiner st.
A GIRL for general housework: small family;
cooking; wages 515. 1216V4 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Mature woman as traveling man-
ager, for established business.' Box 3831 Call.
FINISHER wanted, on custom ccats. u3S Na-~
toma st.; steady work; good pay. , ,•:.-"
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$25. Call from 8 to 1 p. m., 617 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
~ HELP, WANTED— MALE.*
PORTER for light work in. store, $30; 2 men
.' about place, $39; coachman, $35; farmers, $30;
.choreman, $20; stableman for lumber •com-
pany, $E0, fare advanced; 2 errand boys, $3
. week; livery stableman, country. $30; . 6 lab-
orers for mill company, $26; 10 laborers, com-
¦': pany work, $2 25 day; railroad laborers, $1 75
day, free fare; miners, drillers; 10 scraper
teamsters, $2 25 day, and many others. J.F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
DISHWASHER for mill . crew. $25. fare . ad-
vanced ; hotel cook,' country, $50, and second,
same .place,- $35; bell boys, $15; third hand
baker, .$30 and found, for country; pastry
cook, ; $50; • restaurants cooks, waiters, dish-
• washers, porters and others. J. F: CROSETT
& CO.. .628 ' Sacrarrfento st. . ' I . ..; ¦ ¦ ','
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
- House man, family hotel, $25; 2 colored wait-
- : ers. ' ¦ - ,. ¦. . . -.._¦ ¦ - .
A— CHEF, first-class - commercial hotel, $100;
kitchen steward, $50, see party here. • . ¦
: MRS. M. E. DAY......."..; 335 Geary st.
, HELP WAK'T^O-^IUALE Con.
MURRAY~&~RE ADY. . ... '. . .TT. 634-636 Clay St
, PHONE MAIN 5818.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
3000 Men Wanted— Free Fare. .-- •
• SANTA FE R. R. .
SANTA FE R. R.
S. P. R. R.— S. P. R. R.
- CAL. N. W. RY.' ¦ '. >
r* 25 laborers, no experience needed, -to work In
section, steel, ballast and other gangs, at An-
tioch. Stockton, Merced, Reedley and Bakers-
field districts. ¦ ,
Santa Fe R. R. Co.'s Own Work. -
Free Fare— $1 Offlce Fee— No Other Expenses.
* • Teamsters and Laborers.
UKIAH— FREE FARE.
75 teamsters, Ukiah— Free Fare.
CO laborers, Ukiah, $2 day.
25 men to cut right of way, Ukiah. $2 to $2 25
day. ¦ ' ' v: . "
S. P. R. R. CO. .
35 men to work on section, steel, ballast and
other gangs, L. A. and Santa Barbara, Surf,
Free Fare— Wages $1 75 to $2 23 day. v I:.
WE SHIP R. R. MEN ..•••
...MORNING, NOON AND NIGHT
Carpenters ; .... Carpenters
5 carpenters for mining company, house work,
¦ $75 and found; 3 carpenters, country, long Job,
$3 day; 2 carpenters, rough work, $75; carpen-
ter, ranch, $40 and found; carpenter, $2 50
.day; blacksmith, near city, no shoeing, $2 50
day; blacksmith, R. R. camp, free fare, see
boss here; blacksmith, mining town, $3 day,
see boss here; ranch blacksmiths; gang edger
man; man to run capping machine; solderer,
canning company;. laborers and drillers, etc.
10 laborers, near city, 8 hours day $2 day
15 laborers. 'city work, fare $2 $2 25 day
25 men to pile lumber In yard.... $60
20 laborers, north, $2 25; 5 drillers, $2 50 day;
75 laborers, different mines, $30 to $60 and
found; 17 men for quarry work, $G0; 8 men for
factory work, city, SI 50 to $1 75; 330 laborer*
for other jobs.
SAWMILLS. ETC
20 men to pile lumber, .$60; 15 lumber pilerb,
$35 and found; 10 men to work in lumber
yards, $2. day; woodchoppers; tiemakers: 5
men to work, in woods, Sonoma County, fare
paid. $30 and found; crosscut sawyers, tree
fellers. $45 and found.
:. MISCELLANEOUS
Young man to drive. milk wagon, small route,
$25 and found; young man to drive butcher
wagon, $25 and found; 3 gardeners; 18 chore-
men and boys; can soklerer; 10 hostlers:
buggy washers and stablemen, city and
country : 175 men for farms, hay and harvest
fields, $1 25, $1 75 and $2. day and found; 50
farmers, steady jobs, fruit farms, orchards,
vineyards, good wages; milkers, . dairymen:
150 teamsters, road and ranch work, city and
country; cooks, butchers and bakers; young
man as shop and wagon butcher, see bos3
here to-day; young mtin to drive butcher
order-wagon, %1\> and found; 13 cooks, 10 walt-
•ers, 27 kitchen hands. 3 bakers'and 4 bakers'
helpers, city and country jobs; 2 camp wait-
JC*?~ 2 dishwashers, sawmill company
boarding-house; 3 beys to learn printing
trade; 4 men to work in factory, city. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
WANTED TO-DAY
Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen for
' Ukiah :.
Nevada
Truckee
Chats worth Park
Santc Fe System-
Wages $1 75 # to |3 a day
Free fare :... Free fare
20 laborers for section work, Santa Fe sys-
tem, $1 75 a day, free fare; 50 laborers, com-
pany work, country, $2 25 a day; blacksmith
for resort, Lake Tahoe, $45 and fare paid;
2 blacksmiths, country, S2 50 and {3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chefs and seconds, country hotels; cook, sec-
ond and dishwasher, country hotel, $120;
garde mange, country hotel, $75; second cook,'
restaurant, $60; storeroom man, country hotel,
$25; butler and indoor servant, $30; extra pan-
tryman, country hotel, $1 a day, free fare;'
houseman, country hotel, $25; bar porter. $25;
dishwashers and -kitchen hands, $25 and $30;
20 extra wa'ters, ?2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT the California Employment Agency,
S3 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
50 teamsters for Ukiah. $2 per day.
50 railroad laborers for Ukiah, free fare.
• No Experience Required
Office fee $1. no other expense.:
'. FREE FARE
6 harvest hands, '$2 a day and board.
5 lumber pliers, $35 a month and board.
3 men to feed hay press, $3 to $1 a day.
Laborers, teamsters and milkers.
6 sawmill men, 130 to $35 per month and found,
i 20 laborers, near city, ?2 per day.
i 6 men to hoe beans. $1 25 per day and board.
I 4 men to cultivate, 1 horse. $1 25 and board.
j 5 men for smeltar. $2 40 per day.
Blacksmith for railroad camp, $50 per month
and board, free fare.
Sticker hand, city, ?3 per day.
S, F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st
cO R. R. laborers, Ukiah, free fare: 50 labor-
ers for sawmill, ship Saturday; 10 laborers
for quarry, near city, $1 25 and $1 50 and fd. ;
good floorman for horseshoe shop, $2 £0.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie'.llIS.
WANTED— Young man IS to 20 years of age to
set un tovs. Apply • between 8 and 10 a. m.
HALE BROS., 979 Market st. *¦
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
department. Anyly at HALE BROS., 979
| Market et.. before 11 a. m.
i WANTED — A Erood dress goods salesman; un-
derstands dressing 2 windows: permanent po-
sltlcn; good salary. Call at M. LEVY'S, 518
Market St.", urstalrs, from 11 to 12.
WANTED — Young man with some experience
at varnishing. DIXOX, BORGESON & CO.,
37 Market st. '
GRILL workers and metal workers wanted.
¦ S. . F. Novelty and Plating Works, Bay and
Stcckton sts.
GOOD barber for Saturday. 623 Clay st
BARBER wanted: steady. 31 Eighth st.
[GOOD' barber wanted every afternoon and"
j Sunday morning; wages $10. 7C8 McAllister.
I GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday: %\ 50.
j 618 Broadway.
WANTED— Clothlnsr and furnishing salesman.
Apply 10 to 12, 113 Sansome si.
SMALL bey to tend telephone In office: wages
$8 per mo. to.besrin. Box 3S95. Call.
CARRIAGE painter wanted at Railroad and
Fifth aves.. South San Francisco.
WANTED — 2-chair barber ' shop. Apply . 440
_ Third st.
j STRONG boy to work in paint shop. 7 Spear
st, KIMBALL & O'NEILL. :.
BOOTBLACK stand for sale, with 1 chair, $5.
215 Sixth st.. barber shop. '
j FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith. 537 Green
j street. ;
! WANTED— First-class coatmaker. 932 Mission
street. "
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady Job; good wages
and found. 1043 McAllister st'
WANTED — Good dishwasher who understands
short orders. 1507 Market st. •
WANTED— A cood first-class dinner waiter at
SC4 Mason st; wages $3 50 a week.
WANTED — Pressers on coats at 870 Folsom st.
SOLICITOR of good appearance; good propo-
sition. 347 Thirteenth st; morning.
DISHWASHER wanted at 23S9 Mission st
Ratto's restaurant: apply after 8 a. m. .
GOOD dishwasher} also extra waiter. Restau-
rant, 206 McAllister.
WANTED— Boy to black boots in barber shop.
Corner Jones and Sutter sts.
DISHWASHER for 612 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS bread baker. 1139 Folsom st.
FOR sale— Barbers, great snap: two-chair bar-
ber shop; bargain. 6S8 Fourth st. r v
PRESSER en vests. BELASCO & HARRIS,
E41 Market St. .
OPERATOR on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS,
541 Market st. . .^
PARTNER wanted— Best paying barber shop in
city: price $1250; ?500 cash required. Call at
3S5 Geary St. ¦¦ • ¦ ¦.¦¦-¦
MAN for bottling department in wholesale
liquor store. Address with experience and
references, box 3847, Call offlce. .
WANTED— An intelligent youth in a law of-
fice; address in own handwriting, stating age
and salary expected; law student not wanted.
Box 3815, Call office.
GOOD, active, well-acquainted painter and
paperhanger. with some tools, wanted as
working partner in paint shop. Apply M. A.
BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
SHOEMAKERS wanted; experienced stock fit-
ter; also man to' run rounder. Apply fore-
noon shoe factor}*, , 103 Mission St.
WANTED— A bright young man to solicit for
printing house; good hustler. Address A. B.,
' box 3S30. Call office. . - .
YOUNG . college- graduate who', understands
shorthand. MY SELL-ROLLINS & CO., 22
Clay st.
WANTED— First-class ' soleleather fitter. In-~
quire DOLLIVER BROS.. 23 Second st.
LINE etchers wanted, $20 a week. California
Photo-Engraving Co., 513 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
..- price. 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A" good photographer and router.
Address box- 4438, Call office.
WANTED— 100 quarrymen . and rock drillers.
. Apply 232 Montgomery Et. . . "
WANTED- Presser on pants. at 8 Grant ave.,
upstairs. * ¦ ' • • ¦ " ,
TfKLT* WACTBP- -IT A T.Vi n*vm .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy;. ablebodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
! inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
offlce. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED— Artists; I will pay good price, to
artists who can put on a good wash; must
understand reproduction value; . bring sam-
ples and be prepared to go to work if ac-
cepted. MARIE LOUISE RIMES. 700 to 703
¦ Emma Spreckels building.
ATTENTION — Wanted men at once to learn
the barber trade; in 8 weeks we make you a
. journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position: outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help we offer tui-
tioT almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege, 741 Howard st '
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: only
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
method; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special
inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER* BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
WAREHOUSEMEN' and grain handlers are
hereby notified to remain away from Port
Costa and Crockett until further notice. By
order Bay Counties Warehousemen's Protec-
tive Association No. 9223.
ANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciatlon, foreman, second and third bread
' bakers; srlso confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Young man with some money; $30
a month and board: no experience. Restau-
rant, 436 Fourth st.
BARBERS— An up-to-date, one-chair barber
shop fop sale; clearing over $100- a month; in
a good town. Box 3793. Call offlce.
PENSION ATTORNEY" EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
WANTED— 10 first-class lathers. $4 50 per day.
which is $1 above union wages. Apply Sut-
ter and Hyde sts.
BASTERS on coats. S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
) Geary st . .
I SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
BOY about 15 for carpenter shop; wages $3 per
I week. S. J. WILKINS & CO.. 51 Sacramento..
BARBER shop for sale: money in sight; $70; a
special bargain. Inquire at Call offlce.
WANTED— Planing-mill manager. Address box
SSC2. Call offlce.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. SS3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to- buy new and Id-hand
army shops. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; iree
¦bus and baggage' to and from, ferry.
r —m— — — m— —^— w^i^
HORSES AXD WACOXg;
| 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,*
j carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
S, SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
j FOR sale — 2 horses, 2 wagons, good buggy and
j harness and complete outfit for coal yard.
I W. C. HAMERTON. 318 Twenty-ninth st.
$75— PACER, buggy and harness; very gentle;
I lady can ride or drive. 21 City Hall ave.
j WANTED— Neat low-wheel buggy and light
double harness; state price. Box 3898. Call.
$22 50— GOOD pedler's wagon for sale. 3251 Fol-
scm st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st
ALL kinds of wagons, busrgies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for" sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; fcur
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery j-t.. rcom 25.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases— A few select
' cases will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, 220 Douglas st.. San Francisco.
". / HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UJIBSKS & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
! $11— SUNNY hcuse. 3 rooms;* yard and base-
ment Key at 22CS Geary st.
LOST AXD FOC.\D. -
i LOST— Purse on Oakland ferry, containing re-
] turn ticket to Wichita,. Kans. Return to 17
j New Montgomery st. and receive reward; no
j questions.
| LOST— On July 10, gold pin in shape of a stir-
: rup, with strap attached. $5 reward if re-
! turned to Poodle Dog Restaurant.
t LOST — Bulletin route book; reward. Return
j to offlce or 929 Shotwell st.
} LOST— A green parrot. A reward if returned
j to 1022Vi Sutter st.
j LOST — Diamond ring; 2 names Inscribed with
1 date; liberal reward. Inquire Call offlce.
I LOST— Fox terrier dog with collar and bells.
j Saturday, July 13. Return to 71 Tremont ave.
j and receive reward.
| Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
I jeweler. 248 O'FarreH. bet. Powell and Mason.
i MATRIMONIAL.
GT£N^nlEllE?T^rhTng~to~ina1r^^
fend 10c for la ten list. MRS.HERTZ.-706 Ellis
3IATTRESgES AXD PILLOW'S.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. KOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. _^^^^^^
MEDICAL. ¦_
A— REXOWXED specialist; these who desire to
obtain" results promptly; I treat ladles only;
ray regulator has no equal; all clasr.«.s of le-
male complaints relieved by -.treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
ariteed. PR. G. AV. O'DOXXELU 1018 Market.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladies' specialist; 25
. years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
offlce; any ailment; private home for patients
before and -during confinement; low fees.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate, cases relieved
without pain: best care: fee low; consult free.
¦ MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Da vies, 1228 Market; our regulator
is a treatment that has brought health and
* happiness to thousands of suffering women;
offlce treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES'
method of treatment; maternity home; stamp*
for circulars. 1126 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
ykin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Killmore.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Zd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 1&5-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum,' new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
ON acountyof vacating present location and
removal — our present buildings, consisting of
machine shop, foundry and boiler shop, with
traveling cranes. Risdon Iron Works, Beale
and Howard Bts.
THOSE fine large, soft fluffy comforts have ar-
rived from the East at the cut-price 75 cents
to $2 25 cheaper than we ever had them ;
Cal. wool blankets, all kinds and colors $3
to $12 pair. SMITH'S. 27 Market St.. 3rd floor.
GOLD medal cots lead all others In durability,
comfort, appearance; we have all kinds from
a dollar' or so to S3. At SMITH'S. 27 Market.
RUGS and art squares: you save money on
these every time if you are a cash buyer. At
- SMITH'S, 27 Market st
FOR sale— 2 horses, 2 wagons, good buggy,
single and double harness and complete out-
fit for coal yard. W. C. HAMERTON. 318
Twenty-ninth st. ' .
FOR sale (in good condition). $3 course in
hypnotism; 50 methods; it. tells what to da
and how to do it: $2 buys It: 2c stamps or
cash. Box 3811. Call.
v Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
JioO; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
' $1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents tear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAWy 216 Spear st. -¦ •
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE— Cow.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5. 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 mininsr cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 seta hoisting works; steam
and water nower. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
BANK counter. 90 feet: cut up to suit: must
sell before August 1. F. G. JONES. 1113 Web-
ster st. Oakland; phone Main 211.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. J10; dress pants, J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montromery st.
A— 37x52; 2-roller Campbell press: fine condi-
tion. Address box 3925. Call offlce.
GASOLINE automobile, 100-mile capacity, with
top. Box 3S43, Call.
RUNTS, white homers, squab breeders. Irish
setters; prices reas. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
$16 DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission, near loth.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second-
hand. J. E, DOAK. 511 Mission st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
¦ — .
BAR outfits, show cases; all lengths and sizes.
, J. SCKWERDT, 821 Mission st.
AT 3c roll, wallpaper, painting, paper hang-
Ing. 1302 Webster st; tel. Jackson 1321.
1 WE pay big prices for ladies* sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. SIS Mission.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st, San Fran.
{64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler*? steel
lined safe. Perfect order. 215 California it
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand :
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. SS Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-band moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
"WANTED— Hydraulic press; 200 tons. E. D.
NEFF. Golden West Hotel.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO liUAA.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300. 000 at 6 per cent, in sums to suit. City St
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
ou unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURFHT. 630 Market st. loans on
first and second mortgages. Interests In es-
tates, undivided interests in real estate, lega-
cies, etc.; If your property Is mortgaged and
you need more money, see HERMAN MUR-
PHY. 630 Market st.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; da
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
jtNY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mlnin?
interests: corporation loans. R. IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place fcs obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewell? at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
(25,000 IN trust to loan, at 6 per cent: city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. S97 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st, room »8.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st-. r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission: private. Room 81, 8 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex, 431 California.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
S1C0.0GO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
JIOXEY WASTED.
J700 WANTED at 7 per cent; first mortgage;
city real estate. Box 3S17. Call office.
WANTED — Loan of $40,000; secured by real
estate: money required to improve property.
Address bos 3S32. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 833 Market, 3. F.
(Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.)
We sell the popular pianos of the day — Steck.
Everett. Packard. Conover. Hardman. Ludwle,
Baldwin. Valley Gem. Smith & Barnes. Har-
rington, Klrgsbury. Jewett and Straube.
Yon cannot afford to buy a piano until yon
see THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stetnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within'
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $8 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 anil
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco;' corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. ¦
A SURE indication that the public Is appre-
ciative is the fact that our 20 and 30 per cent
reduction sale of pianos for July is such a
success.
Think of a &0O piano for $350. Such price*
were never offered before. We sell for cash
or payments. THE ZEXO MATTVAIS CO.,
7S9 Market at
A SURPRISE awaits all who are interested in
the self-playing piano; the Cecillan is the lat-
est and best; you are invited to our dally
concerts. BYRON MATJZY, 308 Post St..
Union square, sole agents Sohrr.er & Co..
Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lester, Hamilton and
Spielman pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us.- KOHLER & CHASE, M
O'Farrell st: established 1850.
A LIST ot fine second-hand bargains— I Emer-
son, 1 Mallet &- Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $73. $125, $113. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS OTarrell St..
Checkering. Vose. Sterling Agency; alsa
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $50 up; rents_ $3
up allowed; we want agents; piano* furnlahea
free; you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st
JAS. KEEI'FE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk st. near Junc-
tlon Mason, Market & Turk: largest in city.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sals of storage piano*
at your own price: S& installments: no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
PUNOS $7* up; Hartman, $100; Chickeiing.
$150; Nieuman. $liO. W. C. HAMILTON, i
Flood building. , '
$2 50 RENTS a fine upright piano: a. few left.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st
BIG bargain In elegant standard upright
piano: party leaving. 519 Eddy, nr. Larkin.
TWO upright pianos left on sale; Fisher. $93;
Chickcring." 51£i Room 33. 217 Geary St.
GOOD second-hand upright for sals cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights. $100: pianos
-rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post St.
$S0— FINE upright; baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1*23 Mission.
A LARGE lot ot second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'3. 216 McAllister.
A FINS upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
A Ulster st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICKS A5D STORES TO LET.
FOR the choicest double store in city for re-
tail trade address Owner, box 4434. Ca.lL
LIGHT, cheerful offices: $15 and $20l y™m*
Spreckels building. 927 Market st. .
SA.V FRANCISCO CALLl
BUSINESS OFFIGE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 327 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.til 9 p. m.
J06 Eleventh ttreet: open until 9 p. m.
109« Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open. until 9 p. m.
2200 rilltr.ore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. •*
T.. 8 Post st— Regular assembly THIS TWB"
'FRIDAY! EVL-NING. Order of Red KJ
Cross. All fraters courteously invited. V^
liy order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. a
M.— The officers and members of the
above-named lodge are" hereby notified 1£^\
to attend the funeral of our late ' **
brolher. GEORGE ALEXANDER PROCTOR.
in King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY). July 19. 1901, at t
o'clock p. m. Master Masons and friends of
the deceased are invited. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. a
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at _J\_
7:45 o'clock. Second decree. By order iKJrV
of the W. M. '~'
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, I. j£S«S2^.
<~». O F.— Installation of officers
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. July
19. Members of the lodge and 'v/im
sojourning brethren are cordially invited to
be present. F. M. HEGEMAN. R. S.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS, K. x
O. T. M. -Review THIS (FRIDAY) /ZwttK
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer R3X«^.
Hall. 14 Fourth ft. l3?^v£-3
H. H. CASTLK. \MMr
Record Keeper.
REGULAR meting of the Caledon- v «r >.
inn Club FRIDAY EVENING at 8 JL QQ/J
o'clock. Open meeting for friends. > M<Xir
at 8 - 30. Good programme. All In-
vited. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st .
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
VALLEY Lodge. No. SO, A. O. U. W.— jj;sqb>
Officers and members: You are hereby JfSSfei
notified of the death of Brother WM. tL*35?
McLAUGHLIN. Funeral from his res!-* 3 * 1 *"
ripnee. 222 Langton s=t.. SATURDAY MORN-
ING st S:30 o'clock. F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
THOS. H. LORD. Recorder.
REPUBLICANS of the ?3d Dist. are all invited j
to attend a meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- j
ING at Twenty-fourth and Potrero ave., j
Maennerbund Hall. H. T. WYNNE. Pres.
ANNUAL meeting— Thr Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting ox the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for- the election of trustees for the
ersuing year and the transaction of such
other buslncers as may be brought before the
meeting will be hel.l at the office of the com- ;
puny, southeast corner of Beale and Howard I
sts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 5th J
dey of August, UOL at 11 o'clock a. m. '
. L. R. MEAD. Secretary, j
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of j
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co. I
¦trill be held at the offlce of the company. 3T! \
Market st. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the j
2S-.h day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m., for j
the purpose of electing a board of directors ;
to rerve for the ensuing year and the trans- j
«ction of such other business as may come. '
before the meeting. The transfer books will
close on Friday. July 26. 1901, at 3. p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
PERMANENT position awaits a good sales- ;
man; must earn rr.ore than $100 per month: j
an ex-schoo! teacher, insurance, typewriter j
or book salesman preferred. Pacific News- j
paper Union. F27 Market st, S. F. •
AGENTS can make J2 to $5*per day. Call at I
S Taylor st. j
ECALP and fsce massage agents. MADAM !
RUGG. lia Market st. between 7th and 8th. j
ADOPTION. i
INFANTS adopted* into good homes. MRS. j
DR. FUNKE. 141C Eighth st. Alameda. i
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
3. PELTIER! asphalt" roofing, sidewalks re-
rairerl; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages: bills of sale; !
partnerships: deerts; wills drawn; fees low; open i
eve's. THURSTON. 100SM: Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th. i
JLliVlCri Iree: ilivorce law a specially; private;
flo fee without success: collections. G. W.
. HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. J. !
n. EVANS, 14 McAllister et.. rooms 2S-23.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Et. opp. Mason.
L P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Alar- |
" k*t st : -con^ultatlr.ij fre«>: no fees in advance, j
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN*. j
WIDOW xvith cwn home near school wishes I
-children: reasonable. 4023 23th. nr. Sanchez.)
i OK 'i children to board, week or month; best ]
, <-are;EUnny yard :nr.school:reasonable.l607 Cal. '
UOOJvS _\K\V AXE OLD. ~*
B^O^S^f^very^ina^oughtr Tel. Red 295J. '
¦ HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7C6-708 Mission st '
BCSIXBSS CHANCES. <
A— $600; SALOON, est many years In choicest '<
business part of this city; low rent; invest!-'
' gate at once and you wiil find a first-class
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny »t.
A— $1000; GENERAL merchandise store, with !
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab.
many years and doing a splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H: Kearny Et.
A— 1900: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market et?.; net rent $22: rare chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $700: COFFEE saloon and restaurant, near
Call building, clearing $150 per month; rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26>i Kearny st.
A-12SC0; STATIONERY, dry goods and Yankee
notions with laundry route and route of all
S. F. dailies, across the bay. or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for 71500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26V* Kearny Et.
A-I15C0; HALF-INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
et.. clearing $3C0 per month: lease; rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 2€% Kearny st. ;
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block Bcuth cf Market st; daily receipts from
JSO up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny st.
A — $550; SALOOX with 36 furnished rooms: $350
cash, balance on time; rent $60; located
Fourth tt. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G# Kearny. j
DRUG etore, downtown: fine location; big
money-maker: legitimate reason for selling. !
WALTER HAYES &-CO-. 838 Market st. j
100 CIGAU funds. 200 candy stores, 300 gro- '
•wjc.8 and bars, 403 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
Etorea of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to ;
c>.oo*e from: call in and see what we can '
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market. |
$223— BRANCH bakery ana variety store; fam- '
. ily rooms. McLAUGHLIN & CO., ?77»j Mar-
ket Bt.; established 25 years.
$325— KntTlT store: bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGIILIN & CO.. 777^ Market gt.
IF you want to buy or sell your business call
at the Boston Business Agency; we have first-
class lodging-hou&es, groceries, stores, etc.. at
great chances. IG16 Market, opp. Fifth. Me- i
BRIDE & CO. r ¦
TOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calline; at office. •; ?. ---
O. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St.. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing piece in city; fine c&sh trade; trial given
before buying; owner wants to retire after
several years in business; gilt-edge chance; a
safe investment. 326 Pine St.. ground floor.
HO humbug— Lady going East must sell either
¦whole or separate II and 23 rooms, 1 block
from Market st: alsi 12- room house near
Van Ness ave. Box 3963. Call.
BRANCH bakery and notion business in a fine
i location: all cash trade; very low rent; liv-
ing-rooms: very cheap if taken this month.
Apply 1727 Market et.. restaurant
$U0 — FOR sale, to be removed, entire stock
and furnishings of variety store; worth three
times the money; call and see. Address>box
3812. Call. Vg~*
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; corner Twenty-
. eighth end Church: hail upstairs; rent $30;
must be sold en account sickness.
CANDY fitore for sale cheap; proprietor sick.
Box SS10, Cal.
FOR eale — Grocery and bar. with 4 rooms; $100.
Apply 1222 Natoir-a et.
HOME bakery, suitable for man and wife or
two laflles. Apply 109 Twenty-seventh fit.
WANTED— To rent my coffee house to an able
party. C13 Clay Bt" r ' • • ; ,
EM ALL paying business wanted in Oakland.
« Box g274. Call offlce. Oakland.
JT60— RESTAURANT In factory district: bar-
rain en account cf departure. Box 4455 Call.EMPLOYES OF FRIEDMAN
RECEIVE THEIR FRIENDS
Tirst Social Venture at the Firm's
Big Store Is a Complete
Success.
The first reception given br the em
ployes of M. Friedman & Co. last night
was a success from every point of view.
The third floor of the firm's extensive es
tablishment, at 223 Post street, was given
up entirely to the dancers, and made an
excellent ballroom. It was elaborately
decorated with flags and bunting, and in
a side room the committee having the af
fair in charge served claret and lemonade.
The grand march was called for 8:30, and
promptly on time the music began. The
march was led by Miss Aggie Kilday and
H. E. Lyons, head bookkeeper, for the
firm. Miss Kilday wore a becoming gown
of some filmy pink material, and looked
very charming. The couples fell in line
after the leaders and the march was both
intricate and beautiful.
The employes of the firm were all pres
ent, of course, and so were the Messrs.
Friedman themselves, and as each em
ploye had the privilege of inviting friends 1
the crowd was both large and select. The
floor, in fact, was filled with merry
dancers and ths fun was kept up until the
small hours. The committees in charge
of the affair were:
Floor manager— E. T. Lampe. . ' .
Assistant floor manager — M. J. Shlely.
Floor committee— H. E. Lyons, C. Judd, G.
Harvey, T. T. Cpppage,- J. \V. Drummy, F. W.
Randolph, E. L. Ormsby, J. E. O'Brien, W.
Barry, M. Hesaion, H. Blanchard.
Reception committee — C. A. McColl, J. Cos
grave, H. E. Woodin, T. F. McDermott, F. F.
Chamberlin. T. F. Foley, A. Hearst, J. P.
Bareilles, E. J. Coakley. O. B. O'Reilly. '
• ? «
DR. GARDNER'S TERRITORY
EXTENDED TO ATLANTIC
¦President Hays Makes Official An
nouncement in One of His Char
acteristic Circulars.
Dr. M. Gardner has been promoted by
President -Hays of the Southern- Pacific
Company, and in the future the jurisdic
tion of the physician will extend to the
Atlantic system. Itis supposed that the
Southern Pacific will shortly build -and
run its own hospital at Houston, Tex. At
present all the pick and wounded railroad
men in Texas are cared for by the com
pany in hospitals,- for which yearly con
tracts are made.
• m • — : ;/¦ - -.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.!
Thomas B. Bishop . et al. to A. H. Payson I
(trustee), lot on JW corner of Islais and Ken- !
tucky streets, W 1S2:11, SE 238:3, 152 :S; I
*3tC0. / .
San Francisco Land Company to Julia and
Annie Crowley and Theresa Barton, wife of E. I
J. Barton, lot on E line or Seventh avenue, 150
S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
John Htggins to Lucy A. Pogue, lot on E
line of Sixth avenue, 825 N of Clement street.
N 25 by E 120; $10.
William H. Grissvold to Julia E. Goldman,
lot on E line of Sixteenth avenue. 200 S of B
street, E 127:6 by S 25:9^. SW 127:7ft, N 24:4;
$1(5.
American Surety Company of New York to'
Thomas Butler, lot on NW line of Munich and
Russia avenues. N 150 by "W 100, block 81, Ex
celsior Homestead; $10. i ." , " '
Angellne Haorer to Charles H. Harger, lot 55,
block C, Park Lane Tract: $700.
Franz and . Mary Zimmerman to Oscar Hey
mnn. lot 1255. Gift map 3; $10.
Oscar Herman to Lucy Grimes, same; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to L. C.
Rlcffel, lot on E line of Buchanan street, 22:6
S of Pine, S 22:6 by E 82:6; $ .
William and Maggie Kelly to Adolph and
Mathilda Spandau. lot on N line of Greenwich
etreet, 156:3 E of Buchanan, E 25 by N 137:6;
510.
Charles F. and Henry Friesenhausen and
FARMERS DESIRE
L0W WHEAT RATE
V ' ?
A Conference With the
Carriers Takes Place
To-Morrow.
Growers Claim the Freight
Charges Eat Up All
the Profits.
The Sacramento Valley Development
Association will meet in regular session
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock at the
Palace Hotel and a large number of mem
bers will be present.
The association meets for the purpose
of conferring with the transportation
companies engaged in carrying wheat to
Port Costa and securing from them a re
duction in rates. It is claimed by the
association that the wheat rates have not
been reduced in fifteen years, while the
price of the commodity has steadily de
clined, thus working a hardship on the
farmers.
At' the last meeting of the association
the question was discussed and facts and
figures will be presented at the meeting
to-morrow for the consideration of the
representatives of the carrying compa
nies. •
The sentiment of the members of the
association is that unless a material re
duction is made in the rates to Port Coata
the farmers will be compelled to substi
tute grazing for wheat raising to a great
extent, thus reducing the volume of wheat
production.
Many heavy dealers in grain in this
city and some, of the prominent wheat
growers in the northern valleys of the
State are expected to be present at the
meeting and urge that the carriers make
the reduction in rates.
Inquiries made yesterday of gome of the
officials of local commercial bodies and
from grain dealers show that they are
heartily in sympathy with the aims of
the association and will lend moral sup
port to it.
The call for the meeting has been is
sued by President "W. S. Green, through
Secretary F. E. Wright of Colusa.
by J. J. Scoville, assignee) to J. D. Mahler, lot
on S corner of Brannan and Fourth streets. SE
35 by SW 100; $6475. • .
Nora O'Connor to Cornelius and Mary Shea,
lot en NW line of Minna street. 395 SW of
Third. SW ?0 by NW 70; $10.
Margaret A. Kaiser (guardian estate of John
H. Daley, minor) to Lyford Sinclair, undivided
one-seventh of lot on SE line of Natoma street.
250 SW of Eighth. SW 25 by SE 75: 1200.
Julia Foley (minor, by guardian) to same, un
divided one-seventh of same; $200.
Elizabeth Clark to Margaret A. Kaiser (wife
of William G.). same; |10.
Mary J. and William Rector to same, same:
jio.
Honora L. .Foley to same, same; |10.
H. I. Nager to same, same; $10.
I. N, Thome to Horace G. Platt. lot on E
line of Minnesota street, 100 S of Marlposa. S
1. E 80, NE to Bradshaw's land. W to begin
ning; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Ida E. Russell (owner) with E. H. Black
(contractor), architect I Maxwell G. Bugbee —
Painting, tinting, paper . hanging and varnish
ing, of residence known as Ocean House, on
block 1220. Outside Lands; $1350. .
George H. Newman (owner) with William
Little (contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross-
All work tor a two-story and attic frame build
ing (two flats),' en NE corner of Fell and
Stelner streets, N 100 by E 31:3: J7975.
.College of Physicians and Surgeons (owners,
by Wlnslow Anderson, president, and A. E.
Orborn, secretary) with G. P. W. Jensen (con
tractor), architects J. M. Curtis and W, H.
Wilcox— All work for lecture room and audito
rium in the court, on NE corner of Fourteenth
and Stevenson- streets. E 130 by N 90; $5583.-
Agnes R. Fowler (owner) with Daniel Ein
stein (contractor and architect) — All work tor
a two-story frame building (fiats) on lot on
S line of Halght street, 50 W of Devisadero,
W 25 by S 110, W A 519; J5600.
Joanna M. - Driscoll (owner) with Fennel!
Bros, (contractors), architects Shea & Shea —
Concrete foundation -work of all walls and
piers and all brick work from concrete line to
top of curb on side wall line, owner furnishing
cement, for a six-story brick building on lot
on SE corner of Fourth and Clementina streets.
S 50. E 70. S 10. E 40. N SO. W 110; J4999.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
s NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E S Anndow & w.Mlch F T Schnitt. Phlla
Mrs F J Creque, Ohio (Mrs Statham. Fresno
Miss M Stutzman. Ohio Mrs H J Carting & sn.
F Smith & w. Mich
J A McCoy, Ohio
C A Ludey, Marietta
Dr F Taylor. Clevelnd
Miss R Taylor, Cleveld
Miss A Wilmot. CTevld
Mrs G H Lodge. Clevld
Miss B Cooper. Cleveld
C B McCabe & w. Pa
J Russell & d, Pittsbrs
Miss M Morgan, Pa
J H Hanes, Pa
V V Ing. Missouri
H C Krimmer. Ohio
OH Cassel. Phila
C T Rufe, Pa
W Miller, Pa
O Hisle. Kansas
A C Klingaman & w.
Topeka
W B Kin-. W Va
E Johnson, W Va
D C McKuman & w,
Eureka '
J G McSparran & w,
Lancaster
A R Broodbeck & w,
Hanover
W Brook. Phila
Mrs A B Smith. Phlla
Mrs J M Amsseg. Phlla
Miss M H Scott, Pa
Mtss H R Wood. .Pa
Mrs E R Scott. Pa
M Walker. Sprlngflelil
A W V Wagstaff, Mo
C J Stallard. Ala
A G White. Tenn ' -
Miss E White. Tenn
Mrs Russell & s. Nab
J P Brockley. Pa
H Muldoon. Phila
Fresno
W O Fischer, Phila
S W Streeter. Toledo
J J Vance & w. Ind
C E Huntlngton, Minn
A C Huntlngton, Minn
J F Hicks. Ark
S L West & w. Sacto
J F Smith. Iowa
J Alcock, Wisconsin
J O'Hara. Oakland
S D Chltwood. Mo
M C McLermore. Tex
P H Funght. Gibson
J Cumlng. Ireland
Miss Allen. Globe '
Miss Freullian. Globe
C Slsson. D C
Miss E Howell. Visalla
Miss M Howell. Vlsalia
J W Faber. N Y
W O O'Hara, Scranton
J Callahan, Denver
W Doyle. Kansas City
M D Stukey. St Louis-
A Burrlll. New Orleans
J M Oeley, Cincinnati
C Neskirk. Cincinnati
G Mitchell. Cincinnati
R G Byrne, Portland
H McFarland. S Rosa
P J Murtha & w. Cal
A Sweet. Boston
F J Wlnton & w. Cat
Mrs , J Gelslnger. Mo
J H O'Shea. N Y
C C Cartwright. Ohio
C' Mason. Oakland
M Wurst & fm, Chlcag
J Smith. Lafayette
W Gilbert. Eureka
J Mulroy. Ingleside
GRAND HOTEL.
S R Farrlngton & par
ty, N T
D C Llnscott & w,
¦ Boston ' ' -
F W Sprarue, Boston
J M Sprague, Boston ¦
J M Lilly & w. Ind
LA Wright. S Rafael ,
W A Thompson, Ind
W W Thornton. Ind
I Miller & w, Missouri
C W Hodson & w. Or
E W. Lelpzyer & w,
Indiana ' . i
E Rothschild. Chicago i
OH Friend, Chicago ,
H S Hutchins & ,w,
, St Louis
AM Stabler. Maryld
L M Stabler, Maryld
V Gunderson, Chicago ,
A Bartelme. Chicago
R R KIpp, N Y ¦ "
EJ Barnes. N Y
C A Leanton & w.- Ill
L E Andrews, Dayton
H' Burns, Texas •
A J Edwards, Arizona
J E Gusdorf, Ohio
W P Conger & w, N Y
G E Wallace & w. Tex
H C Castle & w, Bossn
W D Long, Nev City
M J Grauraont, N Y
T A Jones & w. Ohio
F H Blankenmuster &
¦w, .St Louis
Misses J & E Blanken
muster, St Louis
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Butler, ' Georgia
Miss Harrington. Cal
Miss M Harrington.Cal
R O Foster, Minn
M O Klrdd. Minn
E C Snyder & w. Conn
Miss M Dowell. N J
Miss T H Warfleld. NJ
H-Warfield & w, N J|
R A Cool, Spokane j
A T Skinner, St Louis j
Miss E B Weston. N Yi
Miss S E Wepley. N Y ;
F A Winship & w, N Y|
H Conner. Ohio
E M Taylor & w. Mass
W B Hazelwood. N J
E Dissette. Ind
J J Dissette. Ind
S H Wise. Boston
Dr J H Barnhart & w,
avw York ¦ • '
KB Thompson,' Va
J B McCabe. Va ,
A Throckmorton, Va
Miss H Goldsmith, Tenn
D Glnsberger. Tenn .
Miss F Thompson. Mo
•W .A Story & w. Cinn
W Story. Cinnclnnatl
J J C Leonard, S Cruz
P C Vanderguf & w, O
Miss J Bissell. Ill ¦-•-
Mrs C W Thomas, III
O 3 Taylor, Iowa
L..D Owens. NY ..' :•:;'
SAVessell.. Lincoln ..
WRECK HOUSE
WITH POWDER
¦ • .
Miscreants Blow Up a
Chinese Building at
Jackson.
Amador County Town Shaken
- at Night by the Ex
plosion.
— '-4 .
JACKSAN. July IS.— A few days ago
Chinese commenced a frame building on
the site of the old Chinatown which was
recently wiped out by flre. Much feeling
was aroused and indignation was ex
pressed at the prospect of another China
town in the business section.
Shortly after midnight last night a loud
explosion was heard. The concussion
shook the entire town. Giant powder had
been placed at each corner of the build
ing on the flooring and it was then fired.
Only one stick exploded, but it partially
wrecked the structure.
The act 13 strongly denounced. It is
reported that the Chinese have presented
the -matter to the Consul in San Fran
cisco. No arrests have been made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM;, FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1901.
13
J H Harkless _t w,
Kansas City
M'H Moss & w, Chgo
p Jacobson & w. Chgo
S F Moss. Chicago
C W Fleming & w, Cal
Miss C Fleming, L An
J S Pinney, Portland
J Hopkins & w, Cal
T W Galllon, Danbrldtr
M P Morgans _ w. Cal
Count & Countess F.
Larlsch, Bavaria
S D Knox. Little Rock
G K Kennedy. Ltvermr
J O Heltt. St Joseph
T J Check, N Y
E V Field. Los An*
E Waehtel. Los An?
Miss R Graham. Mo
J F Condon. Nebraska
C F Hicks & w, Ohio
J B Troy. Dawson
W D -Wilson. Cal
J J Eaton & w. Boston
F Hill. Phoenix
L M Hancock. Nev Cty
F H Blake, N Y
R G Ford, Chicago
I T Kenny. Milno
Mrs F M Kennedy. NT
H R Lucas. Iowa
E J Gately, W Newton
E Gately, W Newton
J R Cohen, Iowa
W H O'Brien,- St Louts
Dr R A Bennett _ w,
Denver
O W Izer. Phlla
A E iMcCuskey. W Va
O E Murphy. Plttsburg
E R Ma lone & w. Ala
B E Titus & w, N Y
M H Church, Chicago
C W Green, Mo
M Barclay & w. Mo
Count & Cntss Frana,
Munich
Mr Lalsch, Bavaria
H Putman, "Va
F'W Wedse, Va
T Maelstrom, Va
P Wheeler & w, Va
Miss Wheeler. Va
N P W Wheeler, Va
C A Brooke. M o
T Boyd, Va
T Boyd. Mo' : '~^ '
J M Farrls. Mo
M C Fuller. Mich
W Holt. Grand Rapids
A J Frohrlich, Auburn
J W McNull. Cal
L E Andrews. Dayton
J M. Haley, Chicago
W R Harrington. Ill -
W J Toung. Va
Mrs G Snflth. Denver
Miss Smith, Denver :
C Ltnkenbach. Cal
G Hero. New Orleans
Miss Clausen. 'La
C A Canfleld. Los Ang
W G Chanslor, La Ang
J A Chanslor. Los Ans
OIL.
COSTA RICA PETROLEUM & COAL CO.
We have just received advices of the grant-
ing of the concession to us by the Costa Rican
Government. We now own over 50,000 acres
of the finest oil and coal lands In the world;
fair.'- Is also beet tropical agricultural land;
the stock is as yet 10 cents per share, but upon
receipt of the . Government documents will Im-
mediately be advanced to 23 cents. The stock
cannot fail to go to several dollars per Fhare.
Call or send, for prospectus to PACIFIC
STATES MINING _ INVESTMENT CO., 32$
Pott st., San Francisco, Cal. Reference, the
Consulate of Cost* Rica in San Francisco.
KOR sale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquin Co. Apply 474 Par-
rott bids.
CALISTOGA OH and Development Company,
operating on 2129 ecres of oil land "in nine
districts. Office. 22 and 24 Merchants" Ex.
40 ACRES, just horth of Bakersfleld. $50, con-
dltlonally. HAMILTON — CO.. 8 Flood bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order; all
Flw*: cheap. H. fi. WHITE. BIS Mission st.
PAIXTERg ASTD DECORATORS.
pTp^R^HANGINO. house painting; good, relf-
able work. Clark's, SOS Larkln; tel. Larkln 1060.
BOOMS papered from S3 50 up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d et.: tel. Red 352L
PALMISTRY.
JdKS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. €17 Jones st.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist ot
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 615
Taylor Et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 56L
PERSONALS.
*™~
LADIES and GENTLEMEN— YOU are In-
vited to the parlors of the BOHEMIAN DER-
MATOLOGY. 131 Post. R. 3. for your sham-
poo. 25c; GRAY hair restored, HAIR grown
on bald heads. PIMPLES, freckles, facial
blemishes removed; figures trained; IM-
PORTED French preparations ueed exclu'ly.
$3— GOLD SPECTACLES for $3; honestly worth
$10; we want you for a customer, hence this
reduction. No matter what your eye defect is
we CORRECT it and give you glasses in a
rold frame for $3. ORIENT OPTICAL CO..
T19 Market st.. San Francises Cal.
A— EPWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place st the Bon-Ton at 324 Post St., near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room: writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairdreeslng or
baths. Zlc. All visitors welcome.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. 8. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
pane of the world; c»H or send for circular.
EXPERIENCED nurss will give massag* and
alcohol baths to lady patients at their homes;
cure headache in 3 minutes. The Almonte,
1 Fifth st.. room 3?.
ELECTRIC light in *very room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et..' near Market: 700 rooms;
2£c to $150 per night; fl SO to $41 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
51 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, {15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
trant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st., between 6»ve«th and Eighth.
INFORMATION as to whereabouts of R. F.
VASS. Address WM. H. VASS, Hotel Lang-
hem, city.
"WHITE enamel iron bed». eingle, three-quarter
"r double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. 3. B. RAY, 836 Mission Bt.
SPANISH lessens given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister et.
ALFREDt'MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Et
TAILOR made puits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont.
OLD pnld, Filver, diamonds and precious stones
bou E ht - J - R- JENKEL. E17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tbe best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
¦PHYSICIAX8 .ASD SCRGEOXS. _
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offiee and residence.
1021 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treat* all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 113-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A-DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
7C4-7C6 Clay st. j pre testimonials at office.
PI— ES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures her« In your
midst; rr.acy who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 50 names of prominent business men
«nt as reference; no chloroform. Burgery or
¦ delay frcm business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Pbysldan. box 1930 Call
efficf. S. F.. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE CITV KOR SALE.
WANTED— Old buildings to be removed, build-
ing material any description. Dolan Building
Supply Co.. 1611 Market; tel. Howard 2436.
AGE tor* rpwj .< rooixisj lR.t,c_t. im-
provements. 310 Jersey St.; price $2250.
ELEGANT flats California st. for eale; or ex-
change fnr Oakland property. Box 3897. Call.
REAL ESTATE COUSTRY—For Sale
$5000—26 ACRES; fine paying home in Callstoga;
3 acres in fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year; soil black loam; abundance of good
water: good house. 8 rooms and bath; wind-
mill and tank: barn full of hay; fruit house,
Fhop, etc.; fruit trays, grader, etc; two
horses; Jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
particulars address box 96. Callatoga, Cal.
FOR SALE XEAR SAX FRAXCISCO
Email tracts. J60 to $!*> per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry end general fanning. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
¦ phle^s or information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free Ha. C. R. WIXFIELD. Pet-Utna. Cal.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. ¦
A F1XK residence in San Jose to exchange for
city property. Call on C. C. SMITH, £30 Mar-
ket. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A_ ASIEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$803— LOT 45x150; 6-room house; onV block
from Park Etreet; easy terms.
$1500— Lot 33:4xl_;' house of £ rooms and
bath: on Central ave.: will sell on monthly
Installment.
flSOO— Lot 30x150; nearly new modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; $250 cash and JIO
per month.
$2100 — Lot COxKO; with 2-story house of <
rooms and bath; $500 down and balance to
euit: 2 blocks from Park-street station.
J2500— Lot 83:4xU0, with a fine, well-built
modern cottage of S room* and bath; 1 Mock
from school and et&tlon; will cell on easy
monthly installments.
. $3000 — Lot 40x_0; elegant new modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath: elegant front and
rear porch; $500 down and $25 per month;
Err at bargain: near Morton-street station.
$3500 — Lot 40x150; new modern story and
half cottage of S rooms and bath, with fine
finished basement; $500 down and $27 t>0 per
month Installment; 2 blocks from station and
school. - . ¦
$6000 — Lot £0x207%: on Main c venue, near
school and station, with elegant 10-room resi-
dence, stable and carriage house; cost $11,000;
a treat er.ap.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO..
1—2 Park etreet. Alameda.
__________________ „
Reliable Real Estate Agents.
$720— House of 4 rooms: lot 12 by 125; near
station and schools.
$1,000— Modern 4-room cottage: n«_r station.
fLCOO— Modern S-roora cottage; beautifully lo-
cated.
Jl.CSO— S-room modern cottag*: centrally lo-
cated.
$2,800— Modern S-room houee: nicely situated.
$3,600— Modern 8-room house; San Jose ave.;
near Chestnut Bt. -;»'• ,.**
$10.000— Fine modern 12-room house, almost
new; stable: large grounds.
AH of tbe above can be purchased oa easy
terms.
Lots in ail locations.
HOUSES RENTED.
HAMMOND & HAMMOKD,
2226 Santa. Clara Ave.
Alanaeda.
Phone Paru 1023.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
FOR EALE.
Cottage of 4 rooms; fine location; $1500: offer
Wanted. .
S1C0O— Cottage on Pearl «t; lot C5xlO8.
Two new modern 7-room bouses, near ilorton-
•t. station, for $2750.
S-room 2-»tory house on San Antonio ave..
near etstion: $500i.
Lot 150x107, wsfh all improvenienti; near
Park St.; 112,000.
500x207 feet, with all improvements; near
Park et.; $3000; choice property. •. \x -
Beautiful 7-room house; lot 60x150; $5500.
10-room modern cottage; all on one floor; on
ncrthwcfit corner.
$8000— Price reduced to $5509; the most com-
plete cottage in Alameda; beautiful grounds;
must be sold,
E. D. JUDD & CO..
.1424 Park st., Alaaaeda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$25,000— ONE acre of land and 12-room house
in heart of town: two blocks to U. C.
grounds; if you are looking for something
nice see this. W. C. MORAN & CO. *
$3300— New 7-room house; all modern Improve-
ments; fine garden: cherry trees; fine neigh-
borhood. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2200— NEW 7-rootn house; only J300 cash, bal-
ance $20 per month; fine sideboard and man-
tel; tiled sink: porcelain bath; cement side-
walks; gravel driveway; two block* to school,
stores, train, electric cars, etc.* W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. ¦ ' - ¦ - r
1700— 5-ROOM house; lot 60x130; good well and
tank: $100 cash, balance $10 per month. W.
C. MORAN _ CO. -
$160 TO $500— Acre lota. W. C. MORAN &
CO.
$500— LOTS in Wheeler Tract; 50x135; finest
view in Berkeley; street work all done. W.
C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin, and Schmidt block.
Berkeley.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
"HAYWARDS REA_ ESTATE.
EPECIAlTbaRGAINS— Haywards Property.
7 acres, 1 acre fruit, 1 acre vines: good house,
5 rooms, bath, pantry, hot and cold water;
well, windmill and tank; barn, chicken-
houses: about 300 chickens; 2 incubators; 4
brooders; brooder-house; horse; buggy; buck-
board; kitchen stove connected with hot
water boiler; parlor stove; 15 minutes' walk
to electric road; must be seen to be appre-
ciated: Improvements worth the money asked;
price $2250. P. WILBERT. Haywards, Cal.
14'A ACRES fine valley land, half in fruit;
house: barn: chicken-house; well; price $4000.
P. WILBERT. Haywards, Cal.
3 ACRES; hard-finished house, 4 rooms; barn;
chicken-houses; well; some fruit; price $1500.
P. WILBERT. Haywards. Cal.
10 ACRES; good house; bam; well, windmill
and tank: several acres fruit; price $3500. P.
WILBERT, Haywards, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
NEW^HOMES
On Telegraph avenue.
Just Completed.
Entirely Modern.
8 rooms, bath and laundry; front and back
stairs: nickel-plated plumbing; mantels, gas
fixtures, lawn, cement walks, etc. ; lot 31x100;
all four of a different architecture.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate.
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$1600 — COZY, modern Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms, bath, hall, high basement, laundry,
brick foundation, double parlors, etc. (all in
good condition); street work all done; stone
walks laid; 1 block off San Pablo ave. ; handy
to narrow-gauge station: sunny frontage; now
well rented; bargain for a quick cash sale,
but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FUHSITtRE FOR. SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 353—2 furnished parlors and kitchen,
$20; also other rooms, $5 up.
FOLSOM, 776^4—2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
$1 50 A WEEK— Sunny housekeeping room;
stove: closets; bath; modern house; private.
S34 Folsom st.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping- rooms; also
single.
GEARY. 408— Thre« nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
HARRISON, 731—4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $16; bath.
McALLISTER, 2000, corner Central ave— 2 sun-
ny rooms furnished for housekeeping; sink;
$10: also 2 housekeeping rooms, $7 per mo.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay-window
room and kitchen; other sunny rooms; day,
week or month.
POLK. IOC: — 3 and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POLK, 1620— Three sunny furnished rooms,
with coal stove, yard.
POWELL. 911H — Unfurnished or partly: 1 to 4
rooms; kitchen; range; modern Imp.: S3 to $15. '
POWELL, 1401— Large sunny rront, suitable for
housekeeping; also suite; gas and bath.
THE BELL. 1773 Market — Sunny suites for
housekeeping. $10 up; singles, $6 up.
TWELFTH. 120—1 nicely furnished sunny
, housekeeping rooms; select locality; private
family.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. nr. Dolores— 3 sunny
bay- window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
WILLOW ave.. 10. oft Larkln, near Eddy— 2
rooms furnished for gen. hskpg; no children.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOSf
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Kuril, and llnfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family/ hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up: meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRCXSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to tl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
ALABAMA, 1220A— Large sunny front room
furnished or unfurnished, in nice flat; refs.
ARLINGTON House. 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms.
AT Shasta Hcuse. 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4913.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 168. near Fifth— 3 rooms; also 2
room*.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mas-on — Elegantly
furnlshed sunny rooms 5 prices reasonable.
FELL, 429— Nice single front room for a man
or old lady; $5 per month.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth — Furnished rooms;
$1 week and up.
$1 If A WEEK— Sunny furnished room, closet j
t-ath: also front room, $1 20 a week; private.
S34 Folsom st. _^
GEARY, 1012— One sunny furnished room with
use of telephone. '
HOTEL" ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
st.. near Market — Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
tOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week- or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St. — New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city; fteam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD.' 161S— 1 nicely furnished sunny bed-
room, with piano; hot and cold water; suit-
able for Epworth Leaguers; new flats. ¦
JESSIE. 2i3, near Fifth and Market— 2 fur-
nished connecting rooms; suitable 3 persons.
JESSIE, 476—2 sunny front rooms, neatly fur-
nished lor housekeeping.
KEARNY. 84, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single.
LAGUNA, 1131— Nice elegantly furnished large
rooms. • •
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlthed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
2 LARGE sunny unfur. rms. for housekpg; SE.
cor. Mkt. and 9th sts. Apply dentist's office.
MASON. 503 — Handsome suite; also single
rooms: very reasonable; centrally located.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 OTarrell-Furnished front suite
and single rooms, S3 week up; transient.
POWELL. 20TT (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nlshed nut., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
POWELL, 417— Newly furnished rooms; house-
koeplng if desired. ¦
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room; smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, &c to $1 SO; week, $2 to
Jfc; month, IS to {30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY. 249— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; for gentleman or lady. . ...
SIENA House and raloon. 410-412 Broadway —
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms in lo-
cality: rents reasonable: first-class attention;
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single hub.; run. water; batbs;-phone; cheap.
VALENCIA, 1171— Furnished large front rooms,
suitable for doctor or dentist; references.
WEST MISSION, 123— One sunny front room;
private family. ; ;;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call. branch office, -2200 -Flllmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'.e. 25o-.-.per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1108% Broadway, cor. Twelfth. St.,
third flat. Oakland. '
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission: warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; 'Unexcelled. Tel. Church' 1181.
HARRISON, 670 (Rincon Hill)— ?3 50 week to
right parties; American family.
BEULAH, 135— Sunny rooms, with or without
board, in artistically furnished home, nr. park.
ELLIS. 1127— Nicely furnished alcove room ; sun
all day; water; private family; board optional.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite.single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite _ single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS AXD BOARD AV ANTED.
WANTED — By 2 young ladies, room and board
in private family; convenient to business dis-
trict. Box 43S2, Call. ' ' ¦
ROOMS WASTED.
TWO unfurnished rooms, with board,, quiet
house, for an old lady. Box 3S33, Call office.
SEWIXC MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that tbe following orphans, half-
orphanR and abandoned children, also found-
lings, have been received in the orphanage
from December 31, 1900. to June 80. 1901:
Charles Dragler, 7 yrs. 6 mos.; Henry Drag-
ler, 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Antony Marino. S dayp;
Mary 7 yrs.. Marararetta 7 yrs. and Joseph;
Olsen 3 yrs. ; Catherine Gibbons, 5 yrs. 1 mo.:
Catherine 9 yrs. 3 mos., Anna 7. yrs. and
Henry Mennors 3 yrs. 6 mos.: Virginia Kirby,
5 yrs. 7 mos.; Rose 5 yrs and Lewis PaSsolot
3 5'rs. 6 mos.; Banodlno Bartona. 3 yrs. 3
mos.; Louis Drexil. 5 yrs. 5 mos.; Martin
Samuels. 3 yrs.: Ida Woldloff, 6 yrs.; Cliff
Kuntz, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Harry Russ, 5 yrs. ; Mary
7 yrs. 1 mo. and Bernlce McClelland 5 yrs.
JO mos.; George McKann. B yrs. 7 mos.; Ada
7 yrs. 4 mos. and Michael Doland 6 yrs.; John
Larken, 2 yrs. 1 mo.; John 3 yrs. 6 mos. and
Evalyn Kessler 5 yrs. 10 mos.; Lucy B yrs.
10 mos. and Lizzie Giovanlna 4 yrs. 6 mos.;
Edith Doland. 9 yrs.: Magdaltna 5 yrs. 11
mos. and Fulton Vannlci 4 yrs. : John d* Arsy,
3 yrs. 1 mo.; Mira 10 yrs.. Ernest 8 yrs.,
Josle 9 yrs.. Eleanora 5 yrs. and Katherlne
Glanetti 1 yr. 10 mos.: Mary Smith, 3 yrs. 6
mos.; Gertrude 3 yrs. 7 mos. and John Daley
2 yrs. 11 mos.; Gertrude 5 yrs. 11 mos. and
Mary Sullivan 3 yrs.; Irene 10 yrs. 10 mos.
and Raymond Doland 2 yrs. 11 mos.; Albert
8 yrs. 6 mos., Gordon 1 yr. 6 mos., Kenth 4
yrs. 10 mos. and Constance Heanery 6 yrs. 8
mos.; Katherlne 4 yrs. and Edward Slatten
3 yrs.; Ellenor Edwards, 4 yrs. ; Olander Mur-
rey, 3 yrs.; Edward 3 yrs. 11 mos., Lewis 2
yrs. and Bertha Kavanagh S yrs. 6 mos.;
Elenore Brady. 12 yrs.; Iona 7 yrs. and Mary
Gladwin 3 yrs. .7 mos.; Mary 10 yrs. 8 mos..
Frederick 3 yrs. 3 mos. and ¦ Bertha Louts 4
yrs. 10 mos. : Dante Tarraborl. 6 yrs. 3 mos. ;
Katherine Kaihl. 3 yrs. 1 mo.; Gertrude 5
yrs. 10 mos. and Francis Kelley 2 yrs. 11
mos. ; Mariana Purdee, 5 yrs. 10 mos. ; John
6 yrs. 3 mos. and Catherine Matthews 4 yrs.
2 mos. ; Margarite Kalsar. 8 yrs. 10 mos.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society hereby gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
rlrls and boys have been received at the asy-
lum on Haight Ft. from January 1, 1901, to
July 1. 1901: Angelina Willet, 7 yrs.: Delia
Wlllet, 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Emma L. Henniger.
4 yrs. 3 mos. : Annie Kenyon. 9 yrs. ; Rachel
Kenyon, 6 yrs. : Minnie Iverson, 12 yrs. 10
mos. ; James Farley, f yrs. 7 mos. : Raymond
Francis, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; Herbert E. Francis,
5 yrs. 9 mos.; Martin Kvalvig, 11 yrs. 1 mo.;
Albert Lake. 7 yrs. ; Harry Lake, 4 yrs. ; Clar-
ence Stephenson. 7 yrs. ; Charles F. Henniger.
2 yrs. 10 mos. : Thomas Semler, 12 yrs. S mos. ;
Henry Hanson. 9 yrs. ; Arthur Davis, 9 yrs. 8
mos.; George Kvalvig, 9 yrs. 3 mos.; Herbert
O. Love, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; George Elliot, 3 yrs.
6 mos. , ¦
SPECIAL NOTICE— Office of the Collector of
Customs, port of San Francisco, Cal., July
15. 1901— Notice is hereby given that the Com-
missioner of Navigation, under date of July
10. 1901, has authorized a change In the name
of the barkentlne "*J. C. Pfluger" to "Coro-
nado." Said vessel was built at Sunderland,
England, in 1S74, official number 774S, gross
tonnage. 1061; owner, J. D. Spreckels & Bros.
Company. W. B. HAMILTON, Special Dep-
uty Collector of Customs. N. S. F.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st:. rooms 9-19. tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
STORAGE AND wXttEHOBSE Si
P^E^C^R^D^L^ir^Storage^and^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Bt. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbaRGAINS I lN^T^plEWRITE'RS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.'
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOT! CES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 93 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, on
and after Saturday. July 20, 1901. Transfer
books will close on Saturday. July 13. 1901. at
12 o'clock noon. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Departir.ent. I office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C, July 9, 1901. —
Staled proposals will be received at this office
until 2 o'clock p. m., on the 3d day of Sep-
tember. 1901. and then opened, for the com-
plete mechanical equipment, including plumb-
Ing, boilers, engines and generators, switch-
board, electric wiring and conduits, heating
and ventilating, and elevators for the United
States Postofflce, Courthouse, etc., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., in accordance with drawings and
the specification, copies of which may be ob-
tained at this office or at the office of the
Superintendent of Construction at San Fran-
cisco, Cal., at the discretion of the Supervis-
ing Architect, upon deposit of a certified
check payable to the Treasurer of the United
States for J230, which upon return of the
complete set of drawings and specification
will be returned. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect.
PROPOSALS will be received at the office of
the Paymaster of the Navy Yard, Mare Isl-
and, Cal., until 1 o'clock p. m., August 215,
1901, and publicly opened immediately there-
after, for the purchase of refuse from the
brass foundries at the Navy Yard, for the
fiscal year 1902. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished "on application to the Paymaster of
the Navy Yard. Mare Island, Cal. MERRILL
MILLER. Rear Admiral, U. S. N., Command-
ant. Navy Yard and Station.
• MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
ytsterday: - • \:
Douglas C. McKinnon, 35. Eureka, and Cy-
bella A. Kean, 37, Apple Hill, Ontario, Canada,
Theodore E. Theberath, 37, Marysville, and
Annie M. Thompson, 26, city.
Raymond W. Downs, 26, 1006 Harrison street,
and Claudia K. Miller. 18, Newman.
Robert A. Peers, 21, Col fax, and Lulu F.
Stewart, 21, 1 Toronto, Canada.
Henry H. Elmers, 24, 1346 Sacramento street,
and Margaretha Beckmann, 25. 1317 Steiner st.
William Gastman, 40, 739 Folsoirf street, and
Anne L. - L. Dlenst, 33, 739 Folsom street.'
Frank A. PagendaTm, 24, 533 Harrison street,
and Amanda Hagedorn, 24, 425 Sixth street.
Fred K. Hubler. 30, Portland, Or., and Lucea
M. Watson. 33. Portland, Or.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS.
¦ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN. •
ROURKE-In this city, July 13, 190L to the
wife of Edward Rourke, a son.
STYLES— In this city, July 13, 1S01. to the
wife of Harry Eckford Styles, a daughter..
~ MARRIED. ~—
GAYLORD— LUMLEY— In this city, July 17,
1901. by the Rev. William C. . Pond, Robert
. B. Gaylord of Oakland and Harriet'—. Lum-
ley of San Francisco. ...
MORRISON— GORDON— In this city,' July 17,
•¦1901. Allan C. Morrison and Barbara Gordon.
ONSLOW— BOWEN— In this" city, July 14,-1901,
at. Central Methodist. Episcopal Church, ' by
the Rev. S. D. Hutslnolller, - Frank Onslow
of San Francisco and Bessie Bowen of Provi-
dence, R. I. ; ~ '
VANDEGRIFT— BRIGHAM— In this city. July
17. 1901. by the Rev. S. D. Hutstnpiller. Wil-
liam Collier Vandegrift of San Francisco, and
Grace Marfa Brigham of Toledo, Ohio. . -¦
:' •;¦¦ •'• DIED. * ,' :;
Boynton, ; Jane' L. McCuei Patrick . .
Britton, Joseph - _ McLaughlin, William .
Cameron. Mary J. Meier, Christopher
¦ Carmody, Patrick ¦ Nedderman. Fay R.
Danz, Pearl C. Northmore, Samuel :
Dougherty, John F. . Proctor, Georse A. "
Fleming, Arthur Renault, Bridget
Glindemann. Maria Ryerson,' Rose
Godair, Henrietta F. Schaefer, Diedrlch '
f Hauser, Fannie • . Schipper, Peter G. i
Horton.. -Gilbert Schoenllght, John'
Jenner, Phebe R. Tobin, Michael F. -
¦ Keenan, Jane . . ,:
BOYNTON— In this city, July 18. 1901, Jane L.
Boynton. a native of Ohio, aged 73 years.
BRITTON— In this c:ty, July 18, 1901, Joseph
Britton, dearly beloved brother of the late
* Jane Ann Key, and uncle of Mrs. Sander.
-¦Mrs. Sproule, Sylvia Rty and V. J. A. Rey.
a native of Yorkshire, England, aged 75
years C months and IS. days.
JC^Notice of funeral hereafter.
CAMERON- In this city, July 17, 1901, Mary
J. Cameron, beloved- mother of Mrs. J. W.
Cuthbert, a native of Canada.
C?"Funeral this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
»from- 506 Oak street. Interment arlvate.
CARMODY— In this citv July 18. 1901, Patrick
Carmody, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
DANZ— In South San - Francisco, July 17, 1901,
P«arl Cecelia Danz, dearly beloved daughter
of • Henry and Katie Danz, and sister of
Ralph Danz, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 14 days. •
IE?" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
* fully' invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1214 ' N street south, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets south,
South San Francisco. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, July 17, 1901, John
F.. 3cn of Rebecca and the late William
Dougherty, a native of County Donegal, Ira-
land, aged 39 years and 5 months. :
"ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlor of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FLEMING— In this city, July 18, 1901. Arthur,
beloved husband of Anna V. Fleming, father
of W. S., C. N., Hazel and Florence Flem-
ing and Mrs. A. W. Lawrence, brother
of George Flaming, a native of Pennsylvania,
nsed 63 years.
GLINDEMANN— July 5. 1901, on board steam-
ship Patricia, near England, Maria, beloved
wile of the late Peter Glindemann, and
. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. John Duhr,
Mrs. John H. Schmidt, Mrs. Augusta Laub-
scher and William, John and Gustave Glin-
ddinsrnn, a native of Holstein, Germany, aged
67 years C months and 17 days.
. ETServices will be held to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 9:30 o'clock, at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street," between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by carriage.
GODAIR— In Sausalito, July 16. 1901, Henrietta
Francpsca, dearly beloved and 1 youngest
daughter cf Mr. and Mrs. Louis Godair, and
: steter of Clarence and William Godair, Mrs.
A. Drew. Mrs. Bert J. Adams and Hattie
Godair. .
HAUSER— In this city, July 18, 1901. Fannie,
relict of . the late David Hauser, beloved
mother of Mrs. Amelia Ackerman. J. D.
Hauser and Mrs. Charles Hart,, a native of
Villmar, Germany, aged 70 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Maurice Block, 3032 Washington street,
thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for crema-*
tion.
HORTON— In Oakland, July 18, 1901, Gilbert
Horton of Oroville, husband of Jennie Hor-
ton, and father of Gilbert Horton Jr., Mrs.
Sadie' Dorman and Eugene Horton, a native
of New York, aged 63 years 10 months and
2 days. — .
JENNER— In Alameda, . Cal., July 18, 1901.
Phebe R. Jenner, beloved wife of the late
W. A. Jenner, and mother of Edward B.
Lyman, a native of Connecticut, aged 85
years.
C7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the First
Presbyterian Church, corner Versailles and
Central avenue, ¦ Alameda. ... Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
KEENAN— In this city. July 18, 1901, Jane
Keenan, beloved wife, of Frank M. Keenan,
a native of Scotland, aged 84 years.
ICJ^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the' funeral parlors of Charles H. J. Tru-
man & Co.. 318 Mason street, between O'Far-
rell and Geary. . * '
McCUE— In Butte, Mont., July 14. 1901. Pat-
rick McCue. ' beloved brother of Thomas.
Timothy, Stephen and James MeCue and
Mrs. Michael Doran, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 31 years.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Michael Doran, 1365
Stevenson street, thence to Bt. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 "o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery.
Mclaughlin— in this city, July n, 1001.
William, husband of the late Catherine Mc-
Laushlln; father of Edward. Daniel F., "Wil-
liam J. and Cornelius McLaughlin and Mrs.
. f; O" Lean". ; "and Tbrbther of Michael "Mc-
Laughlin, a native of the parish of Culdaff,
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 65 years.
¦ (nyFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hla late
residence, 222 Lang ton street, thnce to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. - '
MEIER— In Ocean View, July 18. 1901. Chris-
topher, bsloved son of Beta and the late
Christopher Meier, and brother of John W,
Meier. Mrs. H. Hilken and Mrs. W. Menges,
a native of San Francisco, ajjed 31 years 4
months and 12 days.
C^Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
NEDDERMAN— In Lotus, Cal.. July 18, 190V
Fay R., son of Henry and Minnie Nedder-
man of Oakland, aged 2 years and 11 months.
NORTHMORE— In this city. July 18. 1901.
Samuel Northmore, beloved husband of Love-
day Northmore, a native of Samfordspiney,
Devonshire, England, aged 63 years 1 month
and 12 days.
PROCTOR— In this city. July 17. 1901, George
A., husband of Louise A. Proctor, a native
of New York, aced 45 years 5 months and
10 days.
ICFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral «srvlces this day (Fri-
day), sit 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under
tha auspices of California Lodge No. 1, F.
and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
RENAULT— In this city. July IS, 1901, Bridget,
.beloved wife of Joseph Renault, and mother
of John F. Renault, a native of County Lei-
trim, Ireland, aged 68 years 4 months and 26
days. < ,
tcyFriends and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
resilience, 61 Converse ! street, thence to St.
I Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will bo celebrated for tho repose of her
soul, commencing 1 at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.-* <
RYERSON— In this city. July 17. 1901, Rose,
beloved wife of George M. Ryerson, mother
of John F. Ryerson, daughter of Margaret
and the late William Fivey, and sister of
MIrs Essie Fivey, a native of New York
City, aged 36 years 4 months and 9 days.
(New York City papers please copy.)
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 606 Jessie street, near Seventh, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, between
Howard and Folsom, for services at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriace. . «
SCHAEFER— In Baden. San Mateo County,
July 15, 1901, Diedrlch Schaefer, a native of
Amt Delmenhorst, .Oldenburg, Germany, aged
32 years.
CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 .o'clock, ¦ from the funeral par-
lors -of Theodbr Dlerks. 857 Mission street,
between Firth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SCHIPPER— In this city, July 16. 1901, Peter
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
, (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. 1
Telephone South 80.
JAMBS McGlNN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ¦<¦
IJY\*2f\\/O"X' _= .-.CO.. , g
"FUNERAL DIRECTORS &.EMBALMERS.I
1239 Maiket St., between 8th and 9th. I
• y .:. : Telephone South 247. g
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
.San Mateo County. ¦-';;
OFFICE 910. MARKET STREET.
' ; \ J. HENDERSON. Manager.
SAii 'FRANCISCO, Cal.— Notice is hereby given
t.iat CHARLES H. JACOB of the firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO., funeral direc-
tors and cmbalmers, 31S Mason street, has,,
. by order, of court, had his name chans&dto
CHARLES H. J. ; TRUMAN, by reason of
which the name of • his firm -becomes
• CHARLES. H. J. TRUMAN & CO. Under
this name he continues to do business at the
. same place. Telephone Main 6213, • . : ¦
' G. Schioper. a native of Michigan, ased 40
years 8 months and 26 days. '-'•'--*
Cr Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 123 fiddy street.
Interment National Cemetery. f"'.> '
SCHOENLIGHT— In this city, July 18. 1901,
John, beloved husband of Heneritta Schoen-
light, and father of Mrs. Theresa Mendel
and Flora, Charley and -Jhe late Julia
Schoenlight, a native of Ofratz. Germany,
'aged 73 years and 10 months. (Berlin papers
please copy.)
ICTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence, 969- Harrison street. Interment
Hills et Eternity Cemetery, by electric fu-
neral '. car. ¦ '. -
TOBIN— In this city, July 18, 1901. Michael F..
beloved husband of Ellen Tobln, father of
Mary Agnes, Frances Elizabeth and Michael
James Tobln, beloved brother of Mary ani
Edmond • Tobin, Mrs. Delehanty, Sister Jo-
" sephine Frances of the Sisters of Mercy and
the late James, John and Patrick Tobin, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. T.' B. Goodwin, a na-
. tlve of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 47
years 8 months and 6 days. (Stockton. Cal.,
and New York papers please copy.) :
E?" Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 190 Shipley street. . near Fifth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church at 10 o'clock
for services. Interment Hply Cross Cemetery.
NOT HOW CHEAP |
BUT HOW GOODl
COFFEE
Ceylon, Flat, or Pearl Berry
Roast or Ground — 45c — i'^lbs. ft.
Finest coffee grown in Ceylon.
Mandehling Java Maleberry
Roast or Cround— 45c— i^ lbs. $1.
¦¦ Genuine Old Dutch Government. _
New York Costa Rica
Roast or Ground— 40c— 1% lbs. $!.•
Choicest coffee eoM in New York City.
Mexican Volcano Col i ma
Roast or Ground— 43c — s lb*. 75c.
Grown on slopes of Volcano Colisia..
Hawaiian Hilo Kona
Roist or pround — 43c — s lbs. 75c.
Best transplanted Java Uerry Kona.
Capt. Cook Coffee Co. * Kona
Roast or Ground— 55c — j lbs. Ji.
Famous original fConaberry, cultivated. \
Pineapple Flavored Co lima
Roast or Ground — 55c — ] Ids. jit. -. ,.
Very lino and rare. Between the coffee treei pine-
apples are grown. Sample cup served afternoons.
' $1 lots cf coffee sent free 100 miles by express.
Postal and telephone order* receive prompt attention
"43 Market St.. beh 7 & 8 Sis. Tel. Mint. 761
Elizabeth Leonhardt to John Friesenhausen,
lot on E line of Devisadero street, 137:6 S of
Geary, S 25 by E 100: 110.
John A. and Belle Hoots to L. H." Sly. lot on
N line of Filbert street. 233:9 W of Broderlck.
\V 25, NW 15:10, NW 1-3:10%, E to a point, S
107:6; $10. ..<¦-:
Michael Gllllgan to Catherine Glllig-an, lot on
"W line of Baker street, 100 S of Sutter. S 25 by
W 100; gift.
Lu M. Troutt to Mary S. Burns, lot- on E
line of Clayton street, 112:6 S of Page, S 25 by
E 137:6; $10.
J. 'Mora Moss to Margaret Moss, lot on S
line or Washington street, 112:6 E of Spruce,
E 52:6 by S 127:8%: eift.
Francois and Catherine Thomas to F. Thomas
Parisian Dyeing and Cleaning H'orks, lot on
NW corner of Jessie street. 253 SW of Ninth,
SW 23 by NW 65; *10.
Same to same, lot on • NE corner of Tenth
street, 212:6 NW of Mission, NW 78 by NE
ICO; ?10. • -
Amelia Arundell (Staud) and John N. Staud
to Mary S. Theller, Frederick and Frank Staud,
undivided 1-5 of lot on S line of Nineteenth
Etreet, 200 W t>f Valencia, W 25 by S-10O; $10.
Edward B. and Alice A. Freese to Catherine
C. Itonnan, lot on S line of Twenty-flrst street,
25 E of Chattanooga. E 25 by S 104; $10.
. Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to ¦ Mathlas i
and Anna Fuhs. lot on E line of Hartford, -ISO :i I
N of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 125; ?10. '. .
KateM., Mary 'E.,; Edward F. and George
L. Copeland and Ai-nie E. . McNaughton to
Catherine Copeland, lot on S line ot Alvarado
ttreet, T3 E of Guerrero. E 25 by S 114; gltt. -
Wells, Fargo & Co. . to Henry P. Sonntag;,
lot on'NE corner of Oregonand Front streets,
N 30 by E G5: no. -
- James and Jennie M. Madison to Julius and
Selina Reimer, lot on N lino of Filbert street,.
159:9 W of Hyde, W, 22 by N 137:6; $10.
Ellen O'Connor to I. N. Rcs2krans, all in-
terest in estate of Catherine Sullivan, No. 24,-
2S6;' also lot on S line of Harriet street. 225
NW of ¦ Folsom, NW 25 by SW 75; also lot 179,
Spring Valley Homestead : $150. • '
George F. Smith, A. H. :« Paul and "VV7 H.
Schmidt and George F. Smith '.& Co. .(insolvent.
OCEANJTRATOI^
Pacific Coast Steamship Cc.
V - Steamers leave Broadway
tafc Wharf, San Francisco:
grai— ¦ . For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
Ifi&S*2g^ July 15 _ 20, 25. 30. August 1.
BPtwjffigK. Changs to company's steam'
1 p3_HS_V§ra ers at Seattle.
; ilfsS-JVftl F °r Victoria. Vancouver (3.
1 Eg*ak_£g-m1 C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
i L^^mSEESa Tacoma. Ererett, Anacortes
and N ** w (Wash.>—
11 a. m.. July 15. 20. 25. J3.
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Chan*»
»t Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at S»«attle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
. For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:3!) p. m..
July 11. 18. 21. 28. 31, Aug. S. acd every flfth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lou An-
pties)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Corona, Wednesdays. 9 a. ns.
Fos Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Qblspo). Oa-rlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay. Saturdays. 9 a. m.: Steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mapialena Hay. San Josa del
Cabo. Ma— ttlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folders. 0
The company reserves the right to chan*»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKFT OFFICE — • 4 N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO-
Only Stea ja ouslalp Xilno «o
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Throafth lUkets to all
pclntn. all rail or.MteamshiD and -pall, at
IiOW_ST XU1TKS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and HSAL3.
BS. COLUMBIA .'.
Sails July _. n. August 1. 11. 21. St
SS. GEO. yr. ELDER.
Sails July 7. 17. 27, Aurnst «. IS, II
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0X-. SOUTH »_PT0S. L05D0S. PAStX
Stopptngr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Bt. Paul Aujrust 7 St. Louis ..Sept. 4
St. Louis August 14 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
PhllJLdelphla.August 21 St. Paul Sept. IS
St. Paul August -S St. Louts Sept. 25
' RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From New Tork 'Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Southwark July 31 •Zeelaml August 21
*Vaderland ..August 7 Friesland August 2S
Kensington ..Auyust 11 Southwark ....Sept. 4
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
I "We have certain special induce- H
merits to offer to freight shippers rk
and passengers to \l
NOME! §
CHAS. COXKLIN & CO., P|
710 Market St. Phone Main 6337. rj
Steamer JOHN S. KIMBALL sails M
4 p. m., July 20. hi
Grand round trip excursion! J9
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WT1ARF. COR-
ner First and Br&nnan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai . and
connecting at ¦ Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. • '
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
:. Wednesday,^ September 4, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And C1ASUDAMER1CA.NA DB VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
ACONCAGUA ..July — I GUATEMALA-Aug. 23
PERU August 7IPALENA S«pt, i
These steamers are built expressly for Or>-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street.
•BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, S ST
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. 140.
5. S. Argyll sails Satur 1 «y. Auft. 1O
6. S. Leelanaw Kails Monday, Aug. 26
S.S.Argyll sals Tuesday, Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. COXXOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
VVVUMiVtftQ.vv. BUSECr UBE ToTAHITt ;
S S ZEALANDIA, for Honolulu. .... .....'...
Saturday, July S). J p. _.
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zesland and Aus....Thurs.. Aug. 1. 10 a. =a
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.;
rTueaday. Angus: 6, 10 a. m.
J. D.SP3ECKELS k BROS. CO., Bansra! Agents. 327 Hartal St
Gen'l Passsngu* OSes, 843 Marks! St, Piar Vs. 7. PasiSa St
CO-PAGHIB GEHEBALE TKAS3ATLASTIQUB
DRIECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m^*-
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ¦TW¥T"I*
North River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tagne. July 25; La Champagne, August 1; L»
Gascogne. August 8; •L'Aqultaine, August 15.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre,' $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 and CAN-
ADA, 83 Broad— ay (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI _ CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San F,ranclsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS*
forXTIayTyarq and vallejo.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MQNTICELLO
S:45 arm.. 1:15 and S:W p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a.m., 12:30 noon. < p.—., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 54
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and of-
fice, pier t MUalon-st. dock. HATCH BRO_Visitors will find at, Sanborn & Vail's 741
Market street," between Third and Fourth
the best line of California souvenirs an.i
postal cards,^stationery, fancy leather
goods, camera supplies and park and citv
views to be had anywhere. -All members
of the Epworth League and their friends
cordially invited -to visit the store of San
bcrn. Vail & Co., whether wishing to pur
chase or not ' . • ; . • •
Epworth League
The improvements to be made to the
Buena Vista and Sherman schools may
necessitate the renting of outside quar
ters while the repairs are going on. Work
has been delayed on account of the esti
mates made by the Board of Works beinsr
too low, thus requiring new advertise
ments for the invitation of bids
Directors Kincaid, .Mark and Denman,
the last named in an undertone, voted In
favor of the resolution, while Casserly,
who had seconded . it, was recorded as
voting no, so O'Connor gets his extension.
Secretary Hansen received a letter from
Mrs. F. S. Baker of 506 South Sixth street.
San Jose, stating that she knew of at
least twenty vacant teacher positions in
various country schools. The salaries av
erage from $50 to $65 per month, and the
trustees of .the schools desire to appoint
the teachers immediately. Mrs. Baker
also filed application to be reinstated in
her position in the school department of
this city. - Her request was taken under
advisement.
"Well, I'll second it to bring it before
the housa," said Casserly, after a little
more silence. . .
Willieboys and other local wearers of
diamonds will be interested in the news
that there has been another advance in
the price of the gems. The sparklers are
now nearly 25 per cent higher than they
were two years ago, and the tendency, ac
cording to the local dealers, is still toward
greater prices. One of the leading dia
mond dealers of the city declared yester
day that there would be profit in buying
from him now £.nd selling the same stones
to him a year hence. The Rothschilds,
who control the market, will sell only a
stated number of diamonds, no matter
what the demand may be, and pearls and
rubies have been advanced in price. In
the last fortnight there have been repre
sentatives of several importers of dia
monds in the city, and they have tried to
make it appear that their goods are cheap
to stimulate purchasing by the dealers
but there is no disguising the facts when
the expert views them.
Not long ago an attempt at fraud that
was quickly detected was mado on a
Kearny street store. At the present valu
ations there is large money In getting
hold of the fine stones at what would have
been deemed fair ratings a year ago. One
day there came into the Kearny street
place before alluded to a man who said
he had a supply of fine blue stones to sell.
They looked well and were seemingly a
bargain. The diamond dealer told the
party to come back soon and he would
give him an answer. In the interim the
diamonds were "boiled out," and the re
sult, was that they were discovered to be
the cheapest sort of yellow stonea. No
comment followed the detection of the at
tempted fraud, "but there was no deal.
O'Connor, principal of the Mission High
School and now employed as companion
of a pupil who Is racing around the world
against time, had his leave extended un
til August 22. Mark rather sheepishly in
troduced the resolution on the subject,
and there was a painful silence.
"I hear no second to the resolution"
said President Kincaid.
Local Dealers Get News
of an Advance in
Market.
MOTHER RAISE
IN DIAMONDS
Venis cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
Tioring Plckering''s Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Loring Pickering was
filed yesterday. Oscar T. Shuck, Thomas
F. Boyle and "W. A. Boyle, the appraisers,
fix the value of the estate at $164,735 45.
The Gaelic leagues of San Francisco,
Port Costa, Oakland and Crockett will
hold a convention, at the -call of Presi
dent Mellett, at Knights of the Rod
Branch Hall, Mission street. July 2S for
the purpose of effecting a district organi
zation and electins a delegate to the na
tional convention, to be held at Chicago
August 25. It is probable that Father
York will be the delegate, the reverend
gentleman having already been Invited to
deliver the opening address at the con
vention.
Gray-bearded men and small boys,
staid matrons and young girls not out of
their teens, graded in classes not accord
ing to their years but to their proficiency
in the Gaelic tongue, assembled at Hi
bernia Hall Tuesday night.
The school Is under the mauagremnt of
the Gaelic League, of which Captain T.
J. Mellett is president. The teachers are
John I. Deasy, principal, W. Desmond, D.
O Brien and Miss M. Heenan.
as Delegate to the Convention
at Chicago.
SCHOLARS OF AliL AGES
IN THE GAELIC SCHOOL
Father Yorke Will Probably Be Sent
committee of freeholders that drafted the
charter for San Francisco. By unanimous
vote Mr. Britton was elected president of
the committee of freeholders, and he
steered the child of his brain through
many perilous storms and squalls until it
was accepted by the majority of the vot
ers of the municipality.
Joseph Britton waged a fight against the
Central Pacific Railroad Company when
the company sought to secure Goat Isl
and and when it tried to get an eastern
entrance into San Francisco to the ex
clusion of any other transportation line.
At another tinie he fought the proposition
of the same railroad to secure a right to
a spur track through Golden Gate Park.
No arrangements have been made for
the funeral services, but it is expected -
that the obsequies will be of a semi-public
character.
THE LATE JOSEPH BRITTON,
THE FATHER OF THE CHAR
TER.
Board Is Good to O'Connor.
'With less go#l grace than the board dls
nlovarl in tha ffncisrUlnann. ' cut, Josenb
Third— To examine all pupils of the B eighth
grades who because of having: a term stand
ing of less than 70 per cent were by misunder
standing not permitted to enter the May-June
examinations, and to promote all such pupils
who secure an average of 70 per cent in . said
examinations, term standing and examination
status combined. - -
Fourth— To examine applicants from without
this department and to admit. to high schools
all who secure an average of 70 per cent.
Girls to report to Girls' High and boys to
Lowell -High on July 24 and 25, 1901.
Superintendent Webster explained that
he had received numerous complaints of
the dereliction mentioned, and he recalled
that the pupils of" the .Spring Valley
School had not been sent up for examina
tion. The board thought that it would be
setting a dangerous precedent to adopt
the resolution, and decided to take it un
der advisement. The board was unable
to find any circular of instructions regard
ing the examinations, and it is thought
that some of the principals misunderstood
them when they were issued at a meet
ing. * • '¦ •¦¦•¦¦
Hope for Miss McKenzie.
The information given by Webster will
play an important part in clearing Miss
McKenzie, principal of the Hancock
School, from charges on which ' she has
been tried by rhe board. ; Miss McKenzie
had neglected to send up for examination
the pupils of the eighth grade who had
failed to receive 70 per cent during the
term. The published accounts of the
board's apparent hostile attitude toward
the lady because she had dared to criti
cize the course of study has caused the
members to recede from their positions,
and it is certain that she. will not be dis
ciplined. She made application yesterday
to be transferred to the principalshlp of
the Spring Valley School, and aa she has
apologized .. for her mild strictures It is
highly probable that her- request will be
granted. r \
The board reconsidered Its action of
Wednesday in rescinding the leave of ab
sence heretofore granted • to Miss . K.
Hodgklnson. The lady's sister explained
that: Miss Hod^kinson was really ill when
she applied for her leave, and that her
subsequent marriage in Washington, D.
C, was | an after-consideration. On that
showing the Directors, who do not desire
to be accused of playing favorites, j re
granted I tbTfe leave : to Miss Hodgklnson,
who will not lose her position.
Resolved, That the principals of the Lowell
and Girls' high schools are hereby authorized:
First — To examine all pupils who In tho May-
June examination. 1901, secured an average
record (term and examination status combined)
within 3 per cent of the required standard of
promotion, to wit: 70. per cent, and if said
pupils secure such a standing ih the re-exam
inatlon as shall give them an average of 70
rer cent (term and examination records com
bined) they shall be promoted.
Second— To examine all pupils of thla de
partment who because of absence from the
city or illness were absent from the May-June
examinations, and to admit to high schools all
who secured a record of 70 per cent, term, and
examination status combined.
Superintendent Webster caused some
thing of a sensation at yesterday's meet
ing of the Board of Education when he
informed the Directors that the principals
of three grammar schools had failed to
send up the pupils of the eighth grade,
section B, who failed to secure a term
standing of 70 per cent to the High School
entrance examinations. In presenting
the facts of the case Webster introduced
the following resolution with a* view to
ward correcting the oversight:
Webster Informs Board
of Oversight of
Principals. ' ¦
RE-EXAMINATION
IS PLEADED FOR
AT headquarters of the Republican
Primary League, 930 Market
street, last night there was^a con
ference of league directors with
, . the presidents and secretaries of
the district clubs. Seventeen of the
eighteen Assembly districts were ably
represented at the meeting. The reports
of progress in the enrollment of members
were gratifying in the highest degree. In
the Twenty-ninth District " the League
Club will do up the bosses In good style.
Indications point to an anti-boss victory
In Martin Kelly's stronghold— the Twenty
eighth District.
The outrageous interference of the Re
publican State Committee In local affairs
has created a widespread feeling of In
dignation among taxpaying citizens. The
intrusion, instead of dampening the ardor
of the league, has inspired the anti-boss
forces with renewed determination to
wrest control of party affairs from the
parasites and taxeaters. Independent
clubs that formerly declined to affiliate
with any central organization are now
falling into line under the standard of the
Republican Primary League. The lines
will be sharply drawn before the day of
the primary election. On one side there
I will be the reputable citizens and tax
payers of San Francisco battling for good
and honest municipal government under.
Republican auspices. On the other siae
will be arrayed the predatory classes, the
rlace hunters, the opium fiends, ex-con
victs, the idle, dissolute and degraded,
who. vote as the bosses direct, as they
have n"o interest in the maintenance of
good government. ¦
Appeals to Respectable Element.
In order to protect property interests
and defend the honor of San Francisco
the worklngtnen, merchants and manufac
turers will be compelled by the force of
events to rally in every district and cast
the weight of their numbers and influence
against boss rule.
The ballot-boxes cannot be stuffed and
smashed on August 13 next, as they were
last fall, when the rounders and roughs
marshaled by Kelly and Crimmins had
their own creatures in charge of the poll
ing- places. The primary election •will be
conducted under the safeguards of law.
Stuffing and repeating, if attempted, will
be promptly checked.
The fact should be recalled to the minds
o-f the people of California that the TT1
den committee, which the Republican
State Committee has been called to recog
nize as the regular organization of the
party in San Francisco, is the product of
fraud • and violence. The Republicans of
the city had no voice in the creation of
the committee. It was appointed by Kelly
and Crimmins to perpetuate boss rule.
There are signs that the session of the
Republican State Committee to be held in
this city to-morrow afternoon will be
lively. While interior representatives of
anti-boss sentiments readily concede that
the Kelly-Crimmins local committee will
be recognized by the State machine, a
vigorous effort will be put forward for a
call of the roll on the proposition. Plain
words may be used by the minority mem
bers in the discussion of the topic. Lead
ing Republicans of the interior take the
ground that the ultimate general engage
ment between the people of the State on
one side and the political bosses and tax
eaters on the other cannot be postponed
indefinitely. The battle may begin to
morrow in San Francisco. . f~ :
Bosses Knew Beforehand. . !
It now transpires that the bosses knew
as a fact several days before the notice
for the meeting was. Issued that the
chairman would call the members to
gether in San Francisco, hence proxies to
be used by the bosses were solicited be
fore the chairman sent out the call for
the meeting. An eminent Republican
from, the south remarked last evening
that the appeal of the boss committee for
a meeting, of the State governing body
was a confession "that the Primary
League would win -out if the State-com
mittee did not interfere.
"Do you suppose,' 'said he, "that tfie
Night.
MADMAN GIVES
JUDGE A "TIP"
?
Mysterious Visitor Meets
Guarded by a Vigilant
Bulldog.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Marin Official at
House of Angellotti Is Now
SAN RAFAEL, July IS.— Superior Judge
F. M. Angellotti had an involuntary meet
ing with a madman last night. That the
Judge is alive to-day is probably due to
the fact that he retained his presence of
mind and by soothing answers and pol
ished conduct turned away the wrath of
his strenuous interviewer.
About 8 o'clock the Judge entered. his
front gate and mounted the steps to his
house. As he put his foot upon the ver
anda he observed a lengthy individual un
coil himself- from a hammock and
straighten upward till he seemed to bear
something of a resemblance to an Egyp
tian obelisk.
"Your Honor," spoke the stranger. In a
firm voice, "I take a great Interest In
Superior Judges." ¦ • •
The stranger accompanied . these words
by thrusting his hands m his trouser
pockets. Such action might well have In
timidated the | most courageous of men,
but his Honor never flinched.
"I assure you. my friend," he said, "that
Superior. Judges. are a proper subject for
people' to become interested in." .
"Yes, oh yes, I have a great interest,"
responded the visitor. "And I have some
ideas, too," of what they should do. In tiie
first place, they should hold court till 4
o'clock In the afternoon; from 4 to 5 they
should study and from 5 to 7 o'clock they
should, eat."
At this point the Judge looked- across
the lawn longingly.
"Fromi 7 o'clock," continued the man,
"until 11 they should devote themselves
to recreation; then retire to an earned
rest. In the morning, while fresh, they
should spend considerable time endeavor-
Ing to reconcile the conflicting decisions
of the Supreme Court.
Now let me see," said the man, as he
thrust his hand toward the Judge's
throat. His Honor stepped back. "I
only wanted to point out, the lecturer
resumed, "that you have a speckled
necktie of many gaudy colors ornament
ing your neck. Bright colors do not be
long to the bench. You will do well here
after to wear a plain tie and a turn-down
collar."
"Now, my good sir, while perfectly
agreeing with you," spoke the Judge, "t
came home to get my overcoat and intend
to call on a sick friend. I am glad to
have met you and shall certainly profit by
the advice you have so kindly given."
The stranger promptly went down the
steps, and as he reached the gate he
yelled: "Judges shouldn't wear bloomers
or live to be over 40 years old. I'll sea
you to-morrow."
After his visitor had gone Judge An
gellotti went downtown to find the strange
individual. He ,was located in a cafe,
but he became suspicious and ran out
the back way and disappeared. Who the
man is no one knows. That he is insane
there Is but little doubt. Judge Angel
lotti says that the fellow made him a
present of enough evidence to warrant
committing him on sight. To-night the
Judge sleeps with a shotgun at the head
of his bed. A sharp-toothed bulldog
sleeps on the front porch.
Marshall Moran, the bartender charged
with stabbing George Blrdsall at the
Chutes last Sunday morning, again ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday.
The Judge was informed that Blrdsall was
improving and he continued the case till
to-day. A doctor's certificate will then be
produced and the case will be set for hear
ing.
George Birdsall's Assailant.
Beware of of unscrupulous dealers who refill
Jesse Moore bottles with Inferior goods. •
bosses would drag the State committee
into this contest If they were not con
vinced that the Primary League had the
upper hand? Do you suppose the bosses
would appeal for outside assistance if
they had any confidence whatever in their
ability to win out unaided? It Is my
judgment that the Republican Primary
League will be greatly strengthened by
this movement of the boss element. The
agitation resulting from" the interference
will awaken the citizens of San Francisco
to a sense of the danger confronting the
city. There should be a free expression
of sentiment at the meeting next Satur
day. I know that several members of the
committee will speak out plainly if they
can obtain recognition from, the chair
man. The old boss dodge of refusing to
recognize speakers other than those who
are prepared to Bpeak in behalf of the
boss elements may be attempted, but 1 1
do not believe Colonel Stone will lend his
support to such a programme. The fight
in the Republican party between the
boss politicians and the taxpayers may
be on. It is bound to come some time,
and to extend to every county In the
State, and it might as well begin now. In
this proposed interference in San Fran
cisco affairs the State co"himlttee, accord
ing to my notion, has committed a gTlev
ous blunder."
Republican Primary League.
The rooms of the Republican Primary
League, 930 Market street, are thronged
every evening. Citizens assemble there to
exchange views regarding district organ
ization. The rooms of the Kelly-Crim
mins committee are deserted and deso
late. A few place-hunters of a low grade
wander In and out occasionally. The
bosses are practically without control or
district organization and are simply
awaiting State recognition in order to
have something to offer to the indepen
dent district clubs. In the Forty-first
District the bosses have offered to com
promise with the Central Republican
Anti-Boss Club on a basis of giving the
club twelve of the eighteen delegates. If
the independent district clubs are wise
they will spurn all propositions of compro
mise with the bosses, and the hotel tag
enders, because neither faction has
anything to lose and everything to
gain. The Republican Primary League
is the only central organization ¦ that
represents the anti-boss Republican
sentiment of San Francisco. The
league is not advocating openly or
under cover the cause of any candidate
for office. The league is fairly represent
ative of the good citizenship of San Fran
cisco, and was established under forms
of law for the purpose of creating public
interest in the primary election, to the
end of attaining good municipal govern
ment under Republican auspices. Its ef
forts in this direction should be applauded
and commended by the Republicans of
California. Republican bosses In their des
perate measures to prevent the extension
of league influence are programming with
Democrats. It is expected that Sam
Rainey will line up the Democratic push
to help the Republican bosses. Of course
Democrats cannot be nominated for office
on the Republican ticket, but Republican
candidates acceptable to the Democratic
push may be named by the bosses. Al
ready ex-Assemblyman Flsk Is slated for
nomination for District Attorney. The
Hearst-Rainey combine, It is said, sug
gested Fisk for the District Attorneyshlp.
The motive for this particular deal may
be disclosed when the Democratic conven
tion meets.
Thirty-tWrd District.
There will be a meeting of Thirty-third
District Republicans at Maennerbund
Hall, Twenty-fourth street and Potrero
avenue, this evening.
The State Committee.
The Republican State Committee will
meet at Golden Gate Hall to-morrow aft
ernoon. Many leading Republicans of the
interior, who regard the proposed inter
ference of the State body in municipal
affairs of San Francisco as detrimental
to the Interests of the party, will attend
the session. Several leading- men have
resolved to speak their sentiments freely,
if discussion be permitted.
The attorney will return to Los Angeles
to-day, but. before going he will interview
German Consul Rosenthal to find out if
he will vouch for the Baron. It is gen
erally conceded that Von Polenz is a real
Baron, but it is thought that he has long
overstayed his leave and that he is not
at present in good standing in the Ger- \
man army.
An attorney was dispatched to this city
to verify the Baron's claims and arrived
here "Wednesday. He was authorized by
the Baron to search his trunks, which are
held by the Palace Hotel management as
security for a $100 bill. In these trunks,
the Baron claims, are papers that will es
tablish that he is a real Baron, the son of
a noble sire, and not an impostor. The
attorney saw Colonel Kirkpatrick, who
gave his consent to the searching of the
Baron's trunk. Cashier Clarke of the Pal
ace was instructed to go with the attor
ne" down, into the deepest depths of the
basement and see what the Baron had In
his trunks. After the trunks had been
opened Clarke refused to allow the attor
ney to search for . the precious ' papers.
Clarke said that the Baron's effects ¦would
more than settle his bill and that was all
he cared about. . . .."
In Los Angeles the Baron was just as
indifferent about his bills aa in this city.
His affairs there are in a bad shape and
his creditors are clamoring. A resident
of Los Angeles holds a patent, however,
which he wishes to sell to the German
Government. Baron von Polenz claims
that he is still in good standing In the
Kaiser's army and that he will place the
patent before the right kind of army peo- 1
pie if he is assisted in this hour of his
financial troubles.
The Baron neglected to either settle his
bill at the hotel before departing or to
notify the management that he was going
to leave the house. He left his trunks
and personal effects in his room, even to
his cavalry saber, with which he had
created havoc among the Boxers, and his
helmet, which was so heavy that it gave
the average civilian a headache to look
at it.
The Baron went to one of the most fash
ionable tailors in town and ordered the
latest things in clothes. About this time
his money was getting scarce. The tailor
made the clothes and the Baron wore
them, but failed to settle for them in full.
A collector was called in by the tailor
and the Baron was put to the humiliation
of being held up in the courtyard of the
Palace for the money. The bill was set
tled and the Baron soon after left for Los
Angeles.
.tsaron von Polenz came rrom cnina a
few months ago and engaged rooms at
tne Paiace. He said he was on his way
to Berlin and that he would remain in this
city for a few days to view the sights.
He visited the racetracks every day for
several weeks and "Plum Pudding John
nie" is credited with saying that "the
j Baron was so easy that it made him blush
to take his money."
It Is easier to get into financial difficul
ties than to get out of them, at least that
will be about the conclusion Baron von
Polenz, who claims to be a German cav
aJry officer, will come to before he has
straightened out his affairs with his
creditors here and at Los Angeles. ; .
Los Angeles Attorney Fails
to Secure Sought-For
Documents.
Lieutenant von Polenz's
Financial Troubles
Increasing.
PALACE HOLDS
BARON'S TRUNKS
ANTI-BOSS REPUBLICANS
READY FOR THE BATTLE
Intrusion of State Committee Inspires Primary League to
Greater Zeal — Leaders Resolve to Speak Their Sentiments
at Golden Gate Hall— Conference of District Club Officers
Unidentified Man Drowned Wnile
Bathing Between Point Lobos
and Bakers Beach. -
Lrlgi D. Bacigalupi, while walking yes
terday morning along the beach between
Point Lobos Rock and Bakers Beach,
found the nude body of a man floating
in the surf. A few yards away, partly
hidden behind a rock, was the clothing
of the dead man. The body was taken tc
the Morgue, where it will be exhibited for
identification.
The corpse was that of a man about 35
years old, 5 feet 9 Inches in height, with
light hair and complexion, blue eyes and
a pointed chin. The clothing consisted
of a black derby hat, coat, trousers and
vest of brown and black check goods,
black congress gaiters, white linen shirt
and turned-down collar, with plaid tie.
Ar. empty purse, two keys, a comb and
a pair of spectacles were found in the
pockets. There was no name on any of
these articles by which the remains
might be identified. The body had been
in the water less than forty-eight hours.
NUDE BODY IXOATHTG
IN THE OCEAN SUEF
Full of Years • and Honor Joseph Britton Passes to His
Eternal Rest, His Last Thoughts, Being of the Welfare
of the City for Which He Toiled So Unselfishly
JOSEPH BRITTON, distinguished aa
a public-spirited citizen, died last
evening at the ripe age of 76 years
at his residence, 829 Union street.
Death was due to ' a general
.breaking down of the system, but to tha
last Mr. Britton maintained his mental
vigor to a remarkable degree. Though
he was confined to his bed for some
•week* he took the liveliest interest In
municipal affairs and each day he would
ask his nephew or one of his nieces to
read to him the latest news.
As the "father of the San Francisco
charter" Joseph Britton will be ever
known to fame, not only In this city but
all over the United States. His unselfish
spirit was shown In his refusal of mar.y
offices tendered to him during his long
residence in this city. He labored for the
welfare of the people and lived to see the
accomplishmnt of one of his most cher
ished plans.
Joseph Britton was born in Yorkshire,
England, in 1S25. He came to the United
States when a lad and the news of tne
discovery of gold in California led him to
Join the Argonauts in 1*49. He Joined the
George Gordon party and sought the El
dorado of the Pacific with other hardy
epirits. The party left New York by
steamer and came to this coast via the
Panama route after a most perilous Jour
ney.
Until 1852 Britton lived in various min
ing, camps and then came to San Fran
cisco. In this city he met J. J. Key and
with him established the firm of Britton
& Rey. lithographic printers. This firm
exists to-day as one of the most stable
business concerns of the Pacific Coast.
Joseph Britton was never married. His
sister married his partner, Rey, a few
years after she came to California to Join
her brother. Mrs. Rey died a few months
ago. Her husband died some years a^o,
and -was succeeded in the firm of Britton
& Rey by his only son, V. J. A. Rey. Mr.
and Mrs. Rey were survived by this son
and three daughters, who watched by the
bedside of Joseph Britton with unceasing
care, until be .was called to his eternal
Test.
When the vigilantes of '49 determined to
rid the new city of the West of the crim
inal element Joseph Britton was a leading
figure axnong the reformers. When A. S.
Hallidle Invented the cable road Joseph
Britton was one of his most earnest sup
porters. With the inventor, James Mof
fitt and Henry L. Davis, Britton built the
Clay-street cable road— the first cable road
In the world.
In the early '50' s and in 1S70 Joseph
Brittoa served as a Supervisor of this
city.
For many year$ Mr. Britton devoted his
entire energy to forming the Taxpayers'
party, which r.fterward grew into the
FATHER OF THE CHARTER
IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 19., 1901.
14
V-/ \*J A \ jLJ? V^ jl fete-/ 1 \J fc3w! IvJvyl
MOTHERS, a Bargain Feast „-+ #
awaits you to-day and to-morrow. 8innfI-.TT&Al* < runtf\ $11111^
We have prepared the Biggest UUU IIIUI Ulng ¦'BHfe
Specials, tJie Greatest Values, in \£'fa(\\PV* % (> nS - W
New Fall Suits for Boys ever of- LMWJILI * T^ji
fered by RAPHAEL'S. j^^^^^^^^^fi^My^J^
$5.00 Values <^^^51^^^7
for $2.48 ,' J^^ftfiH^^T
Pretty ALL- WOOL SCOTCHES, j_ ff^ W \fe^f "^^^^^
fwllwinter weights; elegant f strong ~^^^^^^^^^^^WT
School Suits, all colorings; ages S
to Id years ; $o values. &nfc A O 4 */T* 1 ? i B^lBisiiS/
Special Sale Price... $2.48 UOOd-mOrpiD§ WfW '
Money Can t Buy r r mm mj
Better VaSues. "•- ' '¦ m B)
Imported Scotches, handsome new colorings, ml ¦ \j
made and tailored with broad shoulders; never j&m ' HI
have such values been offered before ; ages 8 to 15 d&& M
years; worth $6 and $7. <£Q QO <$&> W
Special Sale Price CJ>>I>«s3 zP |p
Swell Clothes. Another Special. Bannockburn
For ihe young /^\ A Co at like papa's. Scotches
J&L\ school-going lads, rJfeJk^'ip?*
«,*es 13 to 10 ffc^&M&L That inanl V llttle fabric,
£WJ\- fears; suits thai f\ |® suit for M ade in Au ld Scotland.
f 7 itfLl*^ Cut and tail- t*l '* g P*W*- :)OyS ' - S ** t015 Suits that wear like
iff »£SSr3 or « d so different wPJT- W iron " li7c3 CU/t above;
W{W f^efTa^1lZ%kM SOOTHS.
\&3 Ml stores, nanclsome J'l/yj ¦ y/ . wool; worth $7 and
•V$ Pf new coloriugs; mi ;' || Handsome new $8, and tailored like
Ws ilW blue Serges; suits h|) jl fall colorings; reg- RAPHAELS always
W m Worth §12. M ular $7-50 values, tailor their suits; ages
Af Special: Special: . Special price,
-*V _.¦ $7.45 | $4.88 $3.8^
"" / « p| '^* rc^- OR f]ffiffifP I ' D'JIAIL . Bright, new, spicy colorings in \
r~\ a^ K /—*& 1 I J -ft Boys' Golf Caps, such as • -L^-
J 111 I SL1 ¦ \ \ * U iX REA vT yon usually pay 60o for. JCjC
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. S SHOES! |
T SHOES.'!
g &
re | The Greatest |
»| Values Ever §
i § Offered aim I
ill TMsCStyl |
S I Best Material! I
|[ I . ¦ Latest Styles ! |
» I Lowest Prices! |
i. I YOUTHS' SHOES, II to 2 ... $1J5 I
t | BOYS' SHOES, 21 to 51- ... liO |
£ | CHILD? SHOES, 6 to 11... .90 g
I I MISSES' SHOES, 11| to 2 Lift |
* S ALL WIDTHS AHD 8IZE3. £
IlLippitt&Fisheri
-I 945 ; |
J § MARKET ST. |
! I . |
[ S Bet. Fifth and Sixth Ste. g
Fine oak rocker with
I illuminated leather
seat.
Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
i your entire ' establishment.
I Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Squar*.
IHHV 1
|Ms6mlTra!» I
A ™° raw but twice |
per week during f
TIIRSDll |^
7UE Lttv'ng a! 9 tin. I Jk
R arrives In |i
HUFWIl sir-
LI Rll I EU its hlgH stxa4an! <
of wrvlce Is
ON fully maintained
iip I
B&9 HKCZ9 A ISA^k VSf W tf^h vW
II B B Isi P^5 Pa BlftJ
|lJ^ favgkdte
lM£SCMiFT10M
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
RPTTQWI7Q F0K BARBERS. BAK-
DJUlUOI1JJO"s. bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, . canner?,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roof era. tanners, tailors, e^.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
IA/. T. HESS.
NOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNgT-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Boom 1015. Claaa Spreckels Eldz.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 8a California %t., below Powell.
San Francisco.
3 R. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cura of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of ta»
Organs of Generation.-
Price $1 a bottle. For sala by druggists.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year 7
EXPEET OPTICIAN.
A Leading
German Editor
OF SAN FRANCISCO
Highly Recommends Mr. George
Mayerle, the fierman Ex-
pert Optician.
Mr. Mayerle — Dear Sir: The glasses yon made
for my wife and me some time agro give us per-
fect satisfaction, and are FAR SUPERIOR to
those we' have been wearing for years before.
I heartily recommend your, method of testing
and fitting to all persons troubled with defects
of the eyes. "Tours truly,
HANS DAMES.
City Editor of the "Tareblatt."
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician,
1O71^ /V\e»i-lcet Street
Neglected Eyesight Affects the Brain.
The "Wrong Glasses "Will Ruin the
Strongest Eyes.
That Mayerle's Glasses Are Far
Superior to All Others
for reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
ing spots, pain about the eyes, behind the head
or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes, crosseyes,
burning smarting. Itching, scratching, twltcn-
ng gluey eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle's
glasses rest the eyes, strengthen the optic nerve
and preserve the sight. Mayerle's glasses are
now used by the highest United States Army,
1 Navy and Government officials.
German Eyewater 50c.
CONSULTATION. EXAMINATION AND AD-
VICE FREE.
Open evenings until 9.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German Expert Opti-
cian, charter member American Association of
Opticians, also graduate AMERICAN COL-
LEGE OF OPHTHALMOLOGY, 10?m Market
street (opposite Hibernia Bank), San Francisco.
CaL Telephone Mint South 572. (See City
Directory for German Eye Specialists.)
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or. distance, or both, and what price.
C CUT THIS OUT. -