waltzes and two-steps which Dena plays,
especially if one has seen her a half BOW
before taming some wild bronco or throw*
ing an outlaw steer.
They are royal entertainers, of th«
Southern type, and the "Ellison dances'*
are famous over central Arizona. Every
unmarried cowboy within a radius et
fifty miles of the Ellison ranch has at
some time within the past three years
been a suitor of Mi3S Dena, and several
times serious trouble and shooting affrays
have been narrowly averted beca.us« of
her favoring some particular one.
Dena doesn't care. Men may fight over
hrt\ "for all of me," she says. She. lives
in" anticipation of the fall of the year.
Then the bears descend from the top of
the mountains to the foothills, whers
juniper berries and oak mast* furnish an
abundance of food of the kind relished
by bruin: Here it is that the Ellisoa
family do their hunting, and It Is nothlns;
unusual for them to start ten or more
bears in one day. ,.« :r^ ; '..-
Last fall four full crown and three
yearling bears were killed la one day by
the Ellisons. Black and cinnamon bears
are the most numerous, but occasionally
a silver tip or a humpback grizzly wan
ders down from the northern hills, furn
ishing an exciting fight for any on» who
crosses his path. .."i- .
At any time during the fall months cut
may see~ from ten to twentv bear hldss
and' occasionally a lion pelt pegged up
against the sides of the ranch buildings,
drying, while" rocte of fence will be cov
ered vrithfcear "jerky." Bear grease Is
not used fcr hair cil there, but Is tried
out by the barrel fcr use in cooking, lard
being very expensive on account of the
distance from the railroad.
Mrs. Ellison is interested In the bear
grease. But Dena says that is a phasa
of the bear that does not concern her,
What she likes Is tho flxht. . .
wcau*4 cf the killing of their chief four
ieaxs i-£o by tho deputy Sheriff of Glla
Sounty.
Living always in the midst of danffers
Indiana and wild btasts, you might
' caect & large-sized man to b* frightened
once in a while, to say nothing of a little
girl. But Dena has always looked upon
Indians as rather spicy— she has so few
amusements, living" down there, that she
looks to. them for sport. And as for fears
—wait until you get to the^xeal story.
Colonel Ellison came to Arizona- from
Texas some sixteen years ago, on :
the head "of'. ; Ton'fo Creek, near Prornonr.,
tory Butte, almost within a jjtone's throw
of the "Rim,'' that vast upheaval"'of rock,
stretching half way across Arizona from ,
east to west, and known "as the Mogollon -
range, of mountains. Here he "brought his
family and herds of cattle*; together with .
a pack of hunting dogs, arid settled down
'.n a narrow canyon under; the rim;" where'
the range was good and hunting the. best
In the world. . ,. . .. :«
. Fruit trees of various kinds were plant
ed, houses and corrals were built 'of
shakes and rails, split from trees -in' the
largest unbroken pine forest In the world.^
a ditch was dug to irrigate > a small tract
of land or vegetables, for "a^family' living
in this district must rals» nearly every
thing- needed..- . -. . ¦ ,'.\. •„,. ..•,_,-
Here the Ellisons lived .. for several
years, riding the range In the summer
season, roping, branding and ear-marking
the calves and gathering steers, for
market. *
In the fall and winter Colonel Ellison
spent much of the time with his bounds
»nd ono or more of the girls hunting tho
countless bears and mountain lions, not
only for the bounty of $20 each, but be
cause of their destructlveness I to stock.
The girl* soon learned to be as' handy as
their father with .a gun, or rope, so that
they could rope, tie and brand. the wildest
steer as well and as quicky as any man,
and when it somes to handling a rifle or
six-shooter most men would'- have to
retire. . . ,. -
Of the whole family, however, there was
no one who handled, a rope, , a rifle or a
six-shootor with the same neatness that
Dena showed. ;^Y;..,,v
"That child Is a' born ranchtr,". . . her
father said with pride. y\
Her prowess cont!n«ed. From, bringing
down birds -and .small game, she ¦went on
until she ,'came to killing bears. \ ¦ ,
Eight years ligo the colonel found that
it was becoming tQO thickly settled in his
location. So he moved' still 'farther .away
frorn^ civilization and took up his home, on
the present ;ranch, where 20,000 head -of
cattle could? roam over 100 miles square.
Here he and' his family found plenty of
excitement. . . . . '. \ ,).
'Bears and Indians— they the
topics of dally, conversation In the hpuse
hoid.-V -' •• ; ¦ • :. -.. o- .¦¦.:.;¦ ) ¦;
Dena was wide awake and interested.
Shejsniffed adventure' in the air. ; •;'/'.
She went about preparing for It. :' She
picked. the horse she wanted and, "accord
ing .to family precedent, got it.- She made
herself'a loose, divided . skirt,' a heavy,
blouge^bought a_ broad felt hat and .sal*
lied. /or.th like a knight of old. ./ ¦ ." ¦
.She didn't have far to look for her ad
venture.- It came in the shape of three
bears. •
She was "returning from a neighboring
.ranch'.nfteen. miles." distant, where she had
been; visiting; when she came suddenly;
upon; an- old-rshe" bear and two cubs; in; a
deep rocky canyon'." Before 3he could de
clde'wha^to.do the^oldbe.ar rushed upon
her, the* cubs taking. to th© .trees. Dena
had no weapon but : the; ever present 1 slx
shooter, yet she dld'hot'fllnch or run from
the infuriated aniinalT as she might easily
have" done at first..,, * ." : .\ . > T \. • >
Waiting until .the bear was within a
few yards, Bhe quickly fired four, shots,
all of them entering the" animal's body,
but none reaching avftal'spot! Her horse
reared and plunged. so that the fifth shot
missed entirely, -arid -\> before- she cpKld
make any effort to turn" or escape tho
fierce onslaught the wounded and doubly
vicious bear was too close for her to make
any attempt .at escaping.^ ..One shot had
entered 'the bear's lunga and as she rose
to ; seize the girl frothy Iblood from the
bear's nostrils was blown into Dena's eyes
and face, making it almost impossible for
her to/ see.' •' ,'" V' ¦ '¦¦"'''
: Roaring furiously, the bear seized the
horse by the neck. This angered Dena so
much; it being henfavbrite pony, thatshe
leaned forward and shoving her 45 'Colt's
into the bear's ear fired; tearing the bear's
head almost off and ending what had been
one of the most exciting moments of her
life. . : ;: .,•"•-. ; :.-¦'.¦"., ¦'"¦ :"-"•• Arv,- ¦
1 Having 'finished 'the' 1 old' bear, she next
turned her attention to_ the cubs, while's
.were whining and moaning in the top. of
'a small .pine." ' Uncoiling .her riata*' she
was able after, several throws to place a
"noose' over the head of one 'of' them .and
she quickly jerked ; him., to | ,the. ground,
where it was the work of 'but a moment
to throw^her blouse around him and ,tl©
his four legs together, not," however, with
out receiving." several ugly scratches jand
bites. -Being' unable to rope the other one,
on account of the dense foliage Interven
ing, ! she' ended "his existence ; with a well i
directed shot from her six-shooter. Scalp
ing the two dead bears "and tying the. live
cub/ behind her. saddle, she proceeded on
her t way, ;' better {off -by' two scalps', worth
$20.'each, and a cub for a pet* ; ;; ' " ;
" "Xnpther . time, when out with her father,
they * had started a large .cinnamon bear
and: were .following ;the dogs as closely
as the, roughness of the country would
permit." ,'- t The dogs, numbering nearly
twenty, finally bayed the bear In the bend i
of.' a deep/narrow canyon. .. Here Colonel
Ellison and Dena followed. .:
Coming- up, within a few, i rods of the
pack*- the watched for an oppor
tunity to -end the combat, but one. of tho
dogs,"? emboldened; -by ; their - presence,^
rushed in to seize the bear from behind.
The bear was too quick,, however; and
turning:, grabbed 'the o*^,, by ono leg,
crushing the bones and almost tearing
the .leg from : the body. "WithouV a 1
thought as to the consequences, Dena
rushed' forward and shot tho bear
through the.rieck v
Dropping the dog, the bear turned upoa
her and with one sweep of his powerful
paw knocked the. Winchester several
rods, just as she was upon the point of
iShpOtlng' again. Fortunately for her, her
father rushed, between, them with' his
horse, at the . same time shooting the
bear through the body and giving Dena
8 chance to gain "her horse. Meantime
the doers again heeled the bear, and a
lucky shot from Dena's six-shooter ended
.the flglit. The barrel of her Winchester
was so bent from the force of the bear's
blow an to be useless afterwards.
• Last fall she roped a black bear weigh-.
Ing 'over 200 pounds and dragged him so
nearly to death that she was able to dis
mount and cut his throat without danger,
t Thesa are but a few of the Instances
wherein the girl has faced death without
a tremor. There is 'a look of grim de
termination In her, "eyes. /They suggest a
sense of fearlessness seldom seen ,.ln
woman. ] ' How many bears this j brave
girl has slain no man knows, for the
scalps to her credit are so numerous that
herself and' her family .Tiave long since
ceased to keep any, record of the number.
. Dena is a gocd many things besides a
Diana. She is a good musician and a
clever amateur "photographer, to say
nothing of being the belle of her part of
Arizona.' " .
The Ellisons, are an extremely hos
pitable family, strangers always being
welcome arid .made, to feel at home.
Situated as the ranch is, so far from the
railroad arid in an almost inaccessible
country, a piano is one 'of '< the most
noticeable objects seen upon entering the
house, but more striking are tho late
..-.••. o ': ¦
THESE is ooo strl m Amtrtu who
hi* talua so aaay bear »oal p* that
eh* has lost count of them, That
Ctrl im tho real Plans. Th»r» are
y'.ectr vt her t«x who hare shot a
¦MX cr tw» while somebody also held
tfcaa stni to bo shot. By their loving
txtesaCs they bar* thereupon boon played
«} as Dianas and their advert Is in* baa
toca spread far aAd wide. But tho real
Dlaea bju shot to many bears aad leeks
Kptfi a soar affair aa too ccmmonplaa* t»
jc tattoo.
Che Htm cuUtljr faeogh, hidden away
area tho world t>y th« »rlm mountains of
Artier.*, ar.d her circle of admiren,> aJ
t£*urh devoted, extends ao further than
tho r.c.rfibortr.*: ranches.
Eh* U Lens, mison, a clrl who lives far
kack ia tb« foothills of the Hoe aliens,
«tr the head of Canyon Creek. She la
•oly a younr girl, the "baby" of tho El
11 sob la.rr.'Ay, yet sh* U known to the
country thereabouts as tho "CattI* Queta
ef th* Moffcllona," and !• in reality not
cr.ly that but also th» champion huntress
cf tho United State«. The EM-on homo
la over a hundred miles from, th» railroad
and twelv* miles from tho nearest nelgh
fcor. The Apacho Indian reservation
coraei wlthla a few miles of tho ranch,
arid the Cltique tribe. the wildest of tho
Apaches, headed by John Duzon, make
their homo on Ciblque Creek, lea* than
len tziilr-s »w«j'. Indeed, It has b»rn but
three jeuro nine* these renegade Apache*
finiLi:."he<l and kl!lod ono of Colonel Elll
•on'tt nwi-ln-lav, and «v*n tw-my a con
slant watch i» kept lor them, and a rock
fort, «rorj.4<l with arms and munition*, la
always ready In <:¦¦¦« of an attack, feared
DENA ELLISON
CHAMPION
BEAR
HUNTERSS.an. actress was "a e^rudd&rlns mstantyof
' d«pma y A f/' ¦ > -/ T" ' *}¦ \ > - ' , f . : ' ~'-' r ¦
; . ;-._.-^You nev«jr/go' on '.the , stage?'.' I
'eaid, -brutally plain '-'of spepch. : - : -. .
¦ ' • -"Oh: Never! ' Never! said i the
. . f-enoi'ita,'.wlth .afar-av/ay. upward glance
to heaven that must haye made the an»el3
flutter. It was a touch . of. the Spanish
•grandee in thej sehoritn, ; ; who'niust be
gracious from 'a place just a littlo.above
the : ordinary "ambltioi:3 of /life, for the
Ther» are women who bear a charmed
expression that ¦ scatters the evil they
:_8*7 coostuiter in life, women who com--
Vltiji th» allegiance of men and women
a__ie Vr tbtlr birthright of tin* natures. 1
Tfctre is & golden thread woven into
the nature* cf the well born that no
¦wcriaiy stoVm can tarnish, no rags' of
misfortune conceal. Its influence is. as
the rare golden light of a September
yloamlnc. that makes one forget the ugli
ness cf details and paints a picture of
the •rfiinary things in a landscape.
Thla Cuban beauty has, above all
things, that graceful quality that is born,
and not acquired— the quality of distinc
tion.
She suggests Emma Calve as she looked
at the same age as the senorita. There is
In her face the dormant faculty of
thought that is rare in most of the
acknowledged beauties.
Her eyes are large, dreamy, dark, and
they look at you without artifice, quite
• simply, a little too seriously, perhaps, for
an accomplished beauty.
I fancy, however, that Senorita Alfonsa
Aldama is not so . accomplished In the
subtle arts as one might expect of beauty^
for she has been brought" up in the se
vere restrictions of a Cuban household.
In Cuba young women of the social
•world are never allowed to be seen In the
society of a man alone, and never on the
streets, at the theater, in the parks where
the people congregate in the qool of the
evening, without a chaperon or a member
of their own families.
"The only thing the girls may do in
Cuba is to get married." said the senorita
in explanation of the early marriages that
are made there,
: ¦••* ; ¦'¦•/- :' ¦ ' -W''.
ctUi thtm Queenly.
Beauty la m. manner la a comparative
f_iaflty, goveraei by difference of opinion,
bat the_4> are women whom nature Has so
'xaclded aend atamped that the whole world
*t Cuba.
ef observation. . '•' .•
Gallantry has embarrassed tradition
and confused the radius.
¦When I was presented to Senorita Al
_cr.sa Aldama and was told that she was
the queen of beauty in Cuba, so declared
In Havana by a majority public vote of
eighteen thousand, criticism was dls-.
armed and sentiment became Intrusive. .
It Is s. human impossibility to be a etoio
l» tho presence of a queen of beauty. . I
eiuillsng* any man to prove It otherwise.
Z have been under tire of various queens
— * queen of burlesque, a queen of tra-
St&Y, a queen ef song, even a tight rope
cuee-no-but there was no flavor of senti
xaest in them compared -with this queen
Tradition has declared that a queen is
the finest woman within a given radius
yy VEST woman Is somebody's
-/ queen. It may T>e her people are
jff not "the people." " and it may be
V, to ari~a'a6rfrig population-; -of • one
small,' refl haired, freckle --faced
man that' she owes her negalia, but— she
is a queen- -"And there Js no' disrespect In
this example, for the impulse of adoration
Is merely the steam of sentiment at^ish
pressure. . ¦ "¦', v .
In the presence of a^ beautiful woman
one is coVifronted with a problematic
question as to .whether she has as much
heart as she has beauty. It^is not a rea
sonable question, for there is no rule of
nature that admits it, but as the- mind of
man persistently ca6ts cynical shadows .
on the fairest things of earth, the.tradi
tional notion that beauty Is heartless has
survived. ' ¦
The sequence of this thought demanded
that I s&ould ask the Queen pt Beauty
how she had so far escaped the ignominy
of marriage. -," . .'..-.
I say ignominy in t a Cuban sense, for
no married woman can ever be a Queen
of^Beauty in Cuba. .
It is forbidden. ' ¦>/ , :
Of course, a direct reply was not to be
hoped for,' not even expected, but the
senorita has become sufficiently Ameri
canized to value that enigmatical delight
of modern femininity known as a "good
time." A "good time" Is never so good
after marriage, and the senorita informed
me in' her own demure fashion that these
were her convictiona.
"You are not even engaged?" I ventured
in tremulous innocence. .
' "Not* at all," she said, aa she looked
compassionately upon me, with a faint
smile as she said It. .
"Then.what Is the prize one gets for be
ing. a'Queen of Eeauty in Cuba?" I asked,
"really- perplexed. . ;
\ ."I received a pold jeweled watch, which
I— here you say— raffled?"
. . ."Raffle ( d!" I said.
'¦Yes, among my friends, and
raised $1000, which I gave to the poor of
Havana." •
Never say again that beauty is heart
less! If cold type could but describe the
soft, lisping a.ccent of the Cuban, woman
when she speaks English the winning ef
fect of this simple acknowledgment that
beauty has -.Heart could not escape the
most cynical reader.
The ipmantic side of the senorita'a n4
ture was adamant— that is, to an inquisi
tive interviewer. Perhaps . I was ineffi
cient in this direction; most men are.
Yet in some degree' I was rewarded . for
my curiosity.
. "I am very plain. I ' like . only to enjoy
myself," said the senorita frankly. ...
"And what is your enjoyment?" ;
"To go to 'theaters,, operas, • balls— to
have a good time." •'
"You read?"
"Yes. I am fond of reading."
"AVhat books?" I asked, .curious to
measure the influence of mind on; mat
ter.' .'-_- ' :- : -~,-
; "Perhaps, if I tell- you, people will be
surprised to think that "I read "such
books," ' she said hesitatingly. . I "braced
myself for the shock and steeled myself
to her embarrassment. .
"Not at all. I am ' sure you havp read
nothing thoughtless," I said encourag
ingly. ; . . ':.¦¦ ..'¦ ; ¦ ;. ¦ - ¦ '- ;
The senorita's nature is simple, as I
said before. There is really no artificial
coquetry about her. She. is too well bred
for affectation, and 'she answered - me
thoughtfully, seriously, j. \ • A
edged beauty is going to do something—
marry a nobleman, enter a conx'ient, go on
the stage, elope with a Hungarian ¦musi
cian, anything conventionally; sensational ;
but the Senorita Alfonsa Aldama is an
aristocrkt and the mere thougrht'of. being
en. 'That is why the Cuban girls of the
good ' families do ) not go . .out much. ' A
Spanish woman would not think'she was
at all attractive if men' did not, talk non
sense'to her when she was in public."
/It'wcs easy to trace the freedom of the
serenader in this surviving custom of gen
eral adoration in Cuba." ¦ :
One always expects that' an acknowl-
of Beauiy when she is seen "en the street?"
' "As ; -for that; it is the Spanish' custom
for men to talk nonsense to pretty wom-
"And every one maj speak to the Queen
clas3?" I asked.- '' .'.'-'.", '¦'¦, ¦ . •: , .
' "They 'dress so badly that it would be
difficult' to" know if ,they were beautiful or
not!" said the senorita; as she stroked the
valuable ostrich feather in her new hat.
' "But every one' may vote?" • . .
' "Yes, every ofiel". /.<¦ ' '..'¦ • .; : "
I asked. «
"To escape the fame of being. a .queen
of beauty in Havana." she said simply.
"You did not care for the fame?"
.. "The. Spanish custom^ allows any one to
speak to you in the street, and whenever
I went out people would stop and speak
to me, and. I told mamma that I would
like to go to some great- city where no
body knew, me, where . I be free
from that Spanish custom, and the first
thing I see when I arrive on the steamer
was a; reporter." ,. .." . ; : ,
"To see the Queen of Beauty,'- I said./
"I am not a beauty, and I am not at all
the handsomest woman in Havana," she
said", with a little deprecatory bow. ,"¦ .
"But you are by | virtue of the public
vote." :. . . ' ¦,¦'. *-. ;-,".; ' -•....;.'¦.
"Yes; but I think I had many friends.".
¦ "Is a choice made from any class in
Havana?" ' \ ..
"No; it is only among the society wom
en." ..'" r/ 7\^ f' 'C I " ¦-' ¦ : ¦¦'
' "Are there no beauties among trie poorer
. "I am; very; f ond , of •. Paul Bourgtt's
books and alsb/Slenkiewicz." -.'• f" \ r -
Modern, x to; be %ure, >ut mo'dern classics. ¦'.
' "And .¦poetry?.'.''*!* asked. . ' /./.'.
."i J .am fo.nd.pf Fine^ipoetry by the "great
poets.; ' but pdor^poems, I, cannot read,
.them.".; ¦ .. ¦• ' j\' v':''/ : ¦' '
It was difficult to make her acknowl
edge these graces of mind. She was con
stancy telling me.hpw she objected.-to
"ostentation,", to "personal parade,".; as^
she called it. Yet I :b.ave known young
women, as beautiful almost as the sen
« ... ¦ .. . ¦ . ;
orita, who would.be very proud indeed if.
they could. only 'pronounce the name of
Sienklewicz. '¦'¦¦ ... ¦• ' . .1
It is generally believed that the Cuban"
ladies smoke. ' ¦";'¦-,;•'-'.¦- . ¦'..-. •''. -
The^senorita .contradicted this Impres
sion with an expression of horror as she
• shrugged her shoulders. '
: "In "society the ladles in Cuba never
smoke," she said.* Then, smiling gayly,
she told me how she turned this impres
. sion to her advantage.
"I brought with rhe a hundred strong
cigars," she said, "for a friend -here, nnd
I told the authorities that they were, for
me to smoke while I'.wa3 in this country,
and I did not have to pay any duty."'
"They believed you?"'
"Of course, I came from Cuba."
"And why did you come to New Tork?"
8?norlta's great-grandfather was one and
her family is one of 'the grandestin Cuba.
; Her great-Kreat-grandmpther, she told
me. hkd be'4n 'a famous,'.- stately ibeauty,
not dark. * but fair, with J'exduislte blue
eyes. # ' ¦ ¦:'¦.••.<•; * : ';.. ..;"/¦ •'¦-;:.;¦';"
"She always; dressed magnificently and
wore her things beautifully." . said the
sertbrita. .''¦ ' . ¦
"Handsome "dresses are necessary to
great beauty?" I asked for information.
VOh, ye»: in Cuba we do not buy clothes
-ws-come'to New York for that.' '<
v^'Afid' why do you wear a black jjown,
'for evening "dr^ssil"' I askedl as slie stood
arirayod, aiwdtnatr of fashion, yet simply
gowned lit" cuipt. elegance.' : . ' /.
"I" wear v;hite sometimes, but I am very
torvA of black dresses.' I prefer" them."
said the sehorlta, which argued that she
was.a young woman of excellent taste,
with . no garish impulse of .adornment.
. Havana, njay have women more beauti
ful than the I Senorita. Aifousa . Aldama.
but there are few who have, her distinc
tion.her* intelligence, her modesty ot de
portment and her amiability. Her figure
and movement suggest the grande'dame
and she is young for her years— I mean
youngr in her simplicity of outlook tor a
girl of 22.
The golden thread of fine family Is In
her nature and she has the rarer charm of
beautiful women — heart.
THE SUNDAY CAM_.
CUBA'S QUEEN OF BEAUTY
2
• ¦¦¦. v ¦ • • ' •¦¦¦.? ¦ -¦•'.•-.. .
____________ ¦ ¦ ¦•¦'•¦ ¦ '• ¦ " ¦' ¦' ¦' ¦'¦". .' '' •". • "- ¦ ¦ ¦ .:*'. ' . '¦ ' ' ''-'''-¦/• I— —--———. -
¦ '__[__. ..,—_, i , -_.,— - , . -,-_ _...'..'..'. .\.. _ .' ' ' I'—— !_--i..ii-----------------------«-M_--m— i— — i— n-r-m------- .— -¦
.-V. .¦ - ¦ - - ¦--¦¦[¦ ,.:•""- . . . --
'"'•" '- - '• ' '' ' - . " . ' "'- 'which must be y.our opponents' suit, and
by keeping it intact you I may. delay the
establishment . of it for.. the opponents:
secondly, you tell partner,- by • the discard
on the opponent's lead of trumps, what
your strong suit is, and he will lead you
a strengthening card in it at his first
opportunity.- ;-. ¦¦ '-' '.--r -;-.:*¦. •*.¦ ; . :
'-.- Trumps being declared In your favor you
may keep your 7 ] strong suit intact and
freely weaken your .weak : suits by V dis
carding: from them, as you are playing a
more forward game, and may: reasonably
expect ;tp : make your strong suits.*::- It t Is
always dangerous to discard : a singleton
.-¦ -•1-: ¦ ¦ ¦ "¦•.,.¦¦•¦•• :i/7 ¦ ¦¦ '..-"¦
or to ojank an ace. The singleton may t>e
your. partner's great suit. ... ¦-,*¦
--When; trumps are declared ¦ asalnst you
and partner is discarding one : suit -you
should usually discard: a different one, bq
as to keep some cards between you ef
"each ¦ suit.
. You may be guided by the Inferences
drawn during the, play of the hand as t«
what cards to discard toward th» Ind.
' i ' ' " f i iTi ii*f mi niWTBiiimwriiiHfirUt— bHM
may finesse the queen against the possible
king in th/ fourth hand, for if it is to your
left, guarued. it must make anyway and
the chances are in favor of partner hav
ing the knave in his suit. This finesse you
should nearly always make in the early
part of the hand. Holding ace queen oniv
In partner's suit, it is not best to line.stu
the queen; play the ace and return the
queen antl you can have no more. < ...
In trumps it is dangerous to make this
finesse, if partner hes led trumps for the
protection of a suit and It is desirable
to take out two rounds of trumps imme
aiateiy. It you do not have a reason for
finessing aside from the gaining of an im
mediate trick you should not make the
finesse, for if the finesse loses to fourth
hand he must then lead something to
which you are the last player; if this po
sition is not an advantage ¦ to you you
should not finesse.
Holding a king, singly, guarded, or a
major tenace in a suit or both, , you are
in a good position to be led up to should
your finesse lose and you are justified in
making ft. When trumpj ai e led original
ly by partner you are justified | in deep
lmessing. holding ace, knave and others;
you credit your partner with at least one
honor and the knave is a fair finesse, as
you are only finessing against one card;
which must make, if guarded, in any
event. However, should partner show
great- strength you should "be very care
ful hoT/ you tinea*e unless your hand can
immediately recover its advantage by be
ing led up to. ' . ...... .
Do not finesse when you ""¦ hold f o'ur
trumps to your partner's original lead of
trumps. i . *
When partner leads a low tard you
know, if the lead is a regular one", that he
holds three cards higher than the one
led. You must be guided by this knowl
edge in making a finesse in trumps.
Finessing by trial is a finedse made at
second-hand play; thus A leads the 2 from
king, 5, 8, 2; second hand holding ace, 10,
5. plays 5; third hand plays queen and
fourth hand plays the 3. A, to lead again,
leads the 8; second hand^can here'flnesse
the 10, as he knows third hand (barring
false carding) cannot have the knave, as
.he played the queen. This finesse- should
usually be made when strong in 'trumps —
strong enough to lead them should - the
finesse lose.
After the play has advanced toward the
end of the hand the inferences you have
drawn*, both positive and negative, will
guide you in making or not making cer
tain finesses. ¦ ,.-•¦-
The discard is a subject of great impor
tance. Th«re 'are- rules governing the
first discard. Your first discard should be
from your weakest suit unless trumps
have been declared " against you. ¦ Should
your partner lead trumps' you still discard
from your weakest suit. Should your op
ponents open the trump suit your first
discard should be from. • your best pro
tected suit,. for two reasons: First," when
trumps are declared against you you can-,
not reasonably expect to bring in your
long FUit in its 'entirety; therefore ¦¦• you
should protect/ your ' weak ; suits, ': one • of
By Mrs. A. 'Hess 'of .the- San Francisco Whist Club.
Sixth Lesson on Playing Whist
* -INHERE are no specific rules for
I 'finesse; it requires good whist
I knowledge, and players, unless ex-
I perienced, should not practice it to
X, any great extent There are, how
ever, a few rules that apply to certain
holdings, one of which Is the obligatory
finesse— a finesse you are bound to make
to keep command of your own suit. Then
there is the finesse proper," or ace. queen
fireese— a simple form of finesse that can
be readily understood by the beginner.
Finesse is a term applied to almost anv
strategy of the game, such as holding up,
underplaying or refusal to take a trick,
and these subjects have already been
touched upon.
There are no lessons that cojild possibly
teach finessing in ail its foims, as there
are so many things' to be considered one
must necessarily be a good whist player,
with -an understanding cf the situation in
every case, to practice them extensively.
fcfowever, no matter how little one
knows of the game of whifet, if one at
tempts to play it he should know
enough to keep command of his' own
suit should the cards be distributed in
such a manner as to make this necessary.,
He should make the obligatory finesse.
For example: A's longest suit is spades,
of which he holds king. 9. S, 7, 5. He opens
it with the 7, to which C plays the 2. B.
A's partner, plays the queen. D plays tho
8. B returns his partner's suit, having
three caTds in it originally. He returns
the highest of the two left, the 6. D plays
the 10. Now if A plays his king he givei
up command of his suit, and there Is not
another trick in it for him. A should
make the obligatory finesse and, although
tee and knave both may be in C's hand,
be cannot, lose bv the play. A should play
the 5, and if C has the ace singly it must
fall to the trick, although already won by
C's partner, and A's suit is cleared. Now
if trumps are out A's king will briiv?
down the knave, and he must make tb*
9 and 8.
It is a great advantage to get a
strengthening card from partner in your
suit, and one should always return the
highest card in his partner's suit if he
holds only three cards in it originally.
Holding four cards or mow, he Is justi
fied in returning the lowest, as he may
expect to make his own high cards in that
euit, as four cards of a suit is considered
a strong suit.
Again A leads fourth best, from knave,
9, 8, 7, 6. C plays the 2, B plays the king,
D plays the ace. B, to lead, plays the 5.
D plays the 3. Now if A plays the knave
he cannot make a trick in the suit. He
must play the 6, for even if he finds the
queen and 10 in C's hand he cannot lose.
Had he held knave, 10, 8, 7. 6. he would
play the 10, unless the 9 fell in the pre
vious play. That is what is called mak
ing the obligatory finesse.
The finesse proper is the simplest form
of finesse: holding ace, queen of a suit led
by partner, if ho i*-nd.« it small card." you
SARAH COMSTOCK.
It Is to be seen whether she is to rewin
these titles or whether the song has flown.
It is also to be' heard what San Fran
cisco will have to say to her. We shall
bfc kept guessing "until the Grau season.
Until this season she has spent her
widowhood in retirement, looking after
Terry's daughter. She has entertained at
times, but not as much as formerly. She
gathers the few congenials and sings to
them when she becomes lavish; she re
ceives her old friends from America with
the California hospitality that was born
in her and has not been educated out oC
her. But she has been Mme. Terry, no|}
"the California Nightingale" and thQ
"American Songbird Sorceress" as of old.
They had toen married just a year
when she was left a widow. She found
herself owner of a splendid gift, provided
she should not marry again. There was
where Terry's Cuban jealousy came in.
He had always watched her like a cat and
had never been sure whether it was more
pleasure or misery to have a j charming
wife. --V
She promised him to leave the stage.
They went off for a wedding trip to Italy
and disappeared from public notice for a
while. The next thing they did to inter
est the world at large was to fall desper
ately sick, both of them. He threatened,
to go blind and she to become paralyzed.
In the end he died and she revived on the;
fortune he left her. ..
-Alone , and unhappy in Paris, she
brought suit for divorce. There were all
kinds of muddles over the cross suit: in
the end it was fixed so that she was free
to do as she pleased and Terry was di
vorced without the right to marry again.
This was most inconvenient for. him, and.
annoyed him a great deal for a while, but
as Mrs. Terry could do as she pleased
and what she pleased -was to die, the mat
ter -was settled pleasantly for him in the
end, and he and Sybil were quietly made
one in December of that year.
She went to Paris and. began to sue tot
divorce. By the way, she had been Grace
Dalton Seoor of New York — one of th4
foui hundred and the gayest of the gay.
Her charms for Terry, though, had
waned.
: Back in Paris her friends soothed her
troubled feelings and coaxed .her to; sing
to them once mere. But her first period
as an opera singer was drawing to a
close. It was in March, 1895, that she
sailed from New York; it was in June,
1S97, that • a dispatch from England an
nounced her marriage on the Isle of Jer
sey. The message was false, but it was
an anticipation.
At Just that time little brown Tonio
Terry didn't • know exactly what to do
with his wife. She was an embarrass
ment to him and , considerably hindered
his marriage with Miss Sanderson. She
had been in his way for a long time and
had hindered at least five other marriages
that he had contemplated. The previous
one had been with Sadie Martinot, who
v/as last seen here under the wing of
Henry Miller. But when Sybil dawned on
his horizon Sadie was seen through the
big end of the glass. She has been called
portly, but she wasn't to be found with a
microscope after he had cast his eyes oa
Sybil's charms. This time he really felt
it a personal grievance that his wife ex«
isted. i ¦. ¦ ¦ •
For years she remained a favorite
abroad. At last she was induced by the
same American jingle which has induced
all the European singers to come to
America. She sang a brief season -in New
York, was a failure and returned to
Paris saying all kinds .of horrid , things
about us this side the pond and vowing:
that she never would return. California \
despaired of ever hearing her again. ;
Paris, Berlin. Vienna and St. Petersburg
were at her feet before long. Massenet
had written "Esclarmonde" for her: Saint-
Saens had written "Phryne." The latter
was most popular, as its Grecian cos
tumes and difficult scores displayed both
Sybil and her voice to great advantage.
She became identified with the opera, and
is to this day best known in connection
with it.
she was allowed to gTve up her time to
music— that, is, what time she had. Her
love affairs were beginning to take up
most of her time.
She was developing a wonderful voice,
which she used for, light music— such as
would be ragtime nowadays. Classical
opera was still unknown to her.
There are those to be found who claim
to have inspired Sybil Sanderson to go on
the operatic stage. ' It is likely thai she
inspired herself, if the truth were known.
She . has never shown, any tendency, to
take advice. However, there were plenty
who, advised her to try a "career." as
well as-plenty who advised sweet domes
ticity, and the former are eager to prove
that they are responsible for a world
famous soprano. j ¦
She had thlnss pretty much her own
way musically from the time she went
abroad. She was barely a young lady
then, just coming to the fullness of 'her
beauty. ¦ It was the type of beauty to
send shivers up and down a Parisian
spine,, and thi« fact, coupled with the
rareness- of .. her . voice,- guaranteed her
quick success. . ¦; ¦ ¦ : '¦-.-. .. ¦
Musicians went daffy over her. '„ She was
everybody's protege. Her adoring masters
could hardly wait for her debut.
Massenet was the one chiefly Identified
with her career. He was both teacher
and composer— he was both . to her. He
dreamed of the time when the "California
Nightingale" should warble his scores.
The time came. He -raved, Paris raved.
Europe raved.
fections with her. Great musicians have
¦written operas for her voice. Royalty
has sought her favor. .; She has played
with famous men, •wealthy men, powerful
men. as if they were on. a chess board.
She may stir matters when, she returns :
to her native State. '.••:..
Rumor has it that she has run through
her money, 'which was the .money of
•Tonio Terry. 'Tonlo was the son of To
xnasco Terry, you recollect, or old Tom
Terry as he was before he ceased being
a son of Erin and became a Cuban plant
er. 'Tonio's share of old .To:* T s estate,
after it had been divided. aino4' six, was
a round $10,000,000 and a life interest in
one-half the fortune went to his widow.
It is nevertheless quite conceivable that
by this time the mourned gentleman
having been dead almjbst three years, she
should find herself on her uppers. This
is only rumored. ..¦¦•.
Sybil's wardrobe used to have the repu
tation of outshining that. : of any pnma
donna of all history. ; • . V V -'.'- - • ¦
• Whether for this reason or 'some other,
at any rate she has been singing in light
opera this season since her return to the
stage. She had given it up for good and
all. so her husband believed. So he or
dered. But be was not able to remain to
Eee that his orders were carried out, and
either because the money bags were
empty or because the old fascination could
not be resisted, she went to singing again.
And now there are those who say that the
Terry family will have something to say
about the provisions of the will, inasmuch
as Sybil is not fulfilling 'her part of the
marriage contract. v ,
But Sybil Sanderson has made a spe
cialty all her life long of understanding
her business, and it is not likely that she
¦ is different now. She has always known
what she wanted and has got it. The pub
lic's curiosity is a compliment to her, but
it is a waste of time.
As for getting what she wants— she be
gan the practice when she was very
young and lived in San Francisco. She
had a horse because she wanted it, she
had another because she wanted it. she
had a piano and gowns and journeys. She
likewise had teachers whom she didn't
want and made no bones of telling them
- eo. She was too busy having fun to study
anything but music.
"Bright and sharp as a new tack," they
eay, "but a. sinner."
After wearing out several private teach
ers and several more in the public schools
She has found plenty to share these af-
ing her keep on -with her lessons?* she
would ask me in despair."../ -'
Except from her music teachers all re
ports are similar. Sybil seeins always to
have had two strong affections — for her
•art and for her charming self.
f>a YBIL Is coming back. - -
\q. It Is the unexpected that is about
y^J to happen. For she said she
f^_-* wouldn't, always, wouldn't, return
A. to America. She made it very plain
that she wouldn't play In our yard. She
6aid she didn't like us. We had slighted
her. We had abused her. We didn't
know music from the cackling on a hen
roost. She bad had enough of us.
And now, voluntarily, she is coming
back.
She has made up her own quarrel- to
suit herself, has decided to forgive and
forget, and we shall hear her sing in San
Francisco when Mr. Grau opens his sea
son here. Grau happens to be the posse's-
Bor of an excellent bank account, and this
may have something to do with Sybil's
forgiveness. * '. •
She has never sung in San Francisco
since ehe first left here, before the days
of her name and fame, to study abroad.
Sh« has tried herself on New York once
during that time, and a sorry frost arose.
That is why she decided to hate America.
Naturally San Francisco has some cu
riosity to see and hear the lady. She
wa* brought up here. or. at least, came
tip. Tliere axe those within our limits
¦who went to school -with her. There are
those who taught her, or tried to. There
are those who played with her. those who
scolded her. those who made love to her.
Bybll Is much and variously remembered.
Tn« fair Sybil was fain to pose as a
lovely devil and was Immensely displeased
if any one doubted her right to the title.
There were prudish mammas who told
their little girls to say they had a cold
and must remain indoors when Sybil
granted them to come play with her.
Sybil hac always found the world full of
prudes who could not let her alone. .
There Is a. little lady in town who used
tb teach drawing and painting to the
three email Sandersons when they lived
out on Gough street. ¦,*-';
"Sybil really had some talent along that
line,** she tells me. "and she was quick
•i anything- she took up, for that matter;
but she wouldn't work. Her mother used
to become discouraged. • '•..'..•
" 'Do you think there is any use in hav-
SYBIL SANDERSON - THE CALIFORNIA
NIGHTINGALE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3"The Candle and the Cat", is by Mary
F. Leonard, author of: "The Story of the
Big Front Door" :."and "Half a Dozen
Thinking :Caps." : The Candle- Is' a little
girl . who tries'vto" follow her grandfather's
advice and carry the light of good deeds
about ..with , her. ;; She "is impetuous and
thoughtless j times, but .withal . lovable.
I Trolley,lthe;cat,..ls also* worthy of atten
, tion. He and the "Candle are both filled
The Candle and the Cat.
-/The : drawings are >ery funny and the
bright colors and brighter verse certainly
make' attractive 'entertainment 1 for ..the
younger, generation. The little storythat
runs' through the book ; gives an' account
of 'the^hazardous adventures of the bold
pirate, frog and his crew ' on "peaceful
Plunkett's Pond, v '. r ' ',
. Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago, are
publishing a -;new children's book this
year that should . make a hit. The verse
is ; by . W. j A. Frlsble and the pictures by
Bart." Last : year ! "The Bandit ' Mouse,"
by the same authors, easily won a way
for"itself. -.This" is Just as good,' and that
is saying a great deal. ; ; ; , , . ... '
The Pirate Frog.
The' story graphically represents New"
York of colonial days, with its deep un
dercurrent of feeling against foreign au
thority.; .It , will serve to give j children a
good idea of the troublous times preceding
the Revolution. (Published by Thomas Y.
Crowell, & Co., 'New York. Price 50c.)
fceen befriended by a good, motherly wom
an. When they finally escape to England
they are not so sanguine over the King's
power as Vested int'helr uncle.. ,
-.'. Old ' New York of pre-Revolutionary
days is the scene of "Our Uncl,e the Ma
jor,", by James Otis. Two- royalist chil
dren,' who have very, exaggerated. notions
of their ownMmportance and the power of
their juriCle, the major in charge of the
King's fort. at New York, come to grief
through their lack of discretion. They
land at New York at a j time when the
whole* city is in an uproar of riot on ac
count of the stamp act. Instead of keep-
Ing their identity •concealed, they let their
connection with the obnoxious major be
come known: hence they met with rr.ugh
rsage at the hands of the mob and would
have fared still more badly had they not
Our Uncle the Major.
. "The .Council of Three," by Charles A.
Seltzer, Js founded on "adventure, a threAd
of love and a tinge of romance, together
with a touch of modern villainy. The
book teaches a moral while telling a
story. The price of each of the above
books is $1. ' —
Southern girl, who, while passing for a
Cracker's daughter, is in reality- of better
parentage. She reciprocates his love, but
while residing in the hut of her. supposed
father becomes acquainted with a negro
outrage and inflames the susceptible and
always willing mob to take summary
vengeance ¦ upon the .supposed outrager.
Later it is discovered that the man who
was lynched was guiltless and- that the
mob was guilty of murder— the girl.espe
cially,, as theinspirer'.of ;the mob. Thlo
•fact breaks oft the engagement. -
Taken incident for incident "Raffles"
is ' even better \ than "The jjgj Amateur
Cracksman," and that is saying a great
d,eal. It is one of the few, very few,
sequels that I know where such is the
The last episode occurs in South Africa,
¦where Raffles and Bunny have gone to
enlist with the' Yeomanry.
They manage to get out of this predic
ament finally, but you might guess all
day how It could be plausibly done and
not hit on the best way until Mr. Hor
nung tells you— then It ; seems . simple
enough. -/ ..' . . ' : . •¦. '."*
Three other episodes go to make up
the. contents, of ."Raffles." First hla
dramatic recognition by an old sweet
heart and the subsequent necessity of his
attending his own funeral to throw her
off the track. Then - comes an . exciting
bit -of "attempted burglary In the coun
try 'when, by mistake, Bunny and Raffles ¦
select a house In a row of buildings all .
exactly alike and on account' of the fog
get into the wrong one— a boys', school. |
Raffles, after . cutting through the panel
of the door and sticking his hand through
the hole. to turn, the key from the Inside,
finds that his hand is 'held by the boys
on the other side.
After the incident of the loaded clock
and the Camorra Raffles and Bunny man
age to hunt . down" ' another gentleman
burglar who is encroaching on their field.
The telling of this is one of the best
things In either book. . .
the excitement of it. What effect the
recital of his deeds may have [ on the
worst citizen is beyond me to say. •
"Taking "It was an offense against the laws
of the land,. Bunny. That Is nothing. But de
stroying it would be a crime against God. and
art. and may. I be spitted on the vane of St.
Mary Abbot's If I commit It!" •/ ' - ;
What Raffles finally does with the cup
?s just what yon would expect from
Raffles. .He knows he cannot sell, it.as
it is. , He will not melt It. Sot-he sends
It to the Queen as a Jubilee present from
the "profession." .-= .
The next adventure is one that gives
Raffles the .closest call of all 1 his life:
To make it complete the author gives an"
episode that happened soon after Raffles
had escaped from the ship. Rafflea does
not appear in many of Bunny's Incidents
as a lover, but this affair was one of the
heart and finally resulted in the death
of the girl and In Raffles'- tying up, the
arch villain 'to die alone, in his thick
walled house.;
It seems that this Count, the arch vil
lain, did not die, but lived to set the
dreaded Camorra of j Italy on the trail
of Raffles. » . .
They track him . even to his present
. • ¦ »¦.¦'¦
Scotland Yard Teas said to be seeking high and
¦low. I Our constable, we learned, . had been
stunned only, and,' from the moment that I
brought him an evening paper with the news.
Raffles* spirits rose to a height inconsistent
with his' equable temperament, and as unusual
in him as the sudden impulse upon which. ho.
had acted with -such effect. The cup Itself ap
pealed to me no more than It had done before.
Exquisite it might be. handsome It was. but
so light In the hand that the mere gold of It
would scarcely have poured three figures out of
tho melting pot. And what said Raffles but
that he would never melt it at all! - ¦
ORIENTAL RUGS— By John Kimberly Mum
ford. Charles Scribner's Sons. New York. $7 50.
THE CHASE OF DEWET— By Frederic*
Hoppin Rowland. Preston & Rounds Company.
Providence. R. I. fl 55.
INTO THE LIGHT— By Edward Robeson
Taylor. D, P. Elder and Morgan Shepard, Saa
Francisco. ¦ 75 cents.
101 SANDWICHES— Compiled by May E.
Southworth. • D. P. Elder and Morgan Shep
ard. . San Francisco. 50 cents.
FRIENDSHIPv-Publlshed by D. P. Elder and
Morgan Shepard. San Francisco. 50 'cents.
A SMALL, SMALL CHILD— By E. Living-
Stan Prescott. L. C. Page & Co., Boston. 50
eentn.
LOVE IN OUR VILLAGE and JAN OX
BER—By Orme Agnus. L. C. Page & Co.. Bos
ton. 2 vols. Price 12.
THE FAIRY OF THE RHONE— By A. Com
yna Carr. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. 50c.
MADAM LIBERALITY— By Julian Horatla
Ewing. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. 50c.
GATTY AND I— By Frances E. Crompton. L.
C. Page & Co., Boston. 50c
A BAD PENNY-By John T. Wheelwright. L.
C. Page & Co.. Boston. 5oc.
THE GOLDEN TREASURY OF AMERICAN
SONGS AND LYRICS— Edited by Frederic
Lawrence Knowles. L. C. Page & Co., Bos
ton. $1-
FAMOUS ACTRESSES— By Lewis C. Strang.
L. C. Page & Co.. Boston. Jl 50. .
CAPTAIN RAVENSHAW— By Robert Neilson
Stephens. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston, fl 50.
•TILDA JANE— By Marshall Saundera. L.
C. Page & Co., Boston, fl 50.
ARLINE VALERE— By Joseph Hallworth.
L. C. Page & Co., Boston. $1 50.
A DAUGHTER OF MYSTERY— By R. N.
Silver. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston, fl 50.
PRINCE HAROLD—By L. F. Brown. L. a
Page & Co., Boston. $1 SO.
BACK TO THE SOIL— By Bradley Gilman.
L. C. Page & Co., Boston, fl 25.
FINDELKIND-By Oulda. L. C. Page A Co.,
Boston. 50 cents.
THE LITTLE COUSIN SERIES— By Mary
Hazelton Wade. L. C. Page & Co., Boston.
Four vols. Price $2 40. *
HER ROYAL. HIGHNESS WOMAN— By
Max O'Rell. The Abbey Press, New Tork. |1 50.
BAFFLES— By E. W. Hornung. Char lea
.Scribner's Sons, New York. $1 SO.
THE COMPOSITE MAN-By.B. H. Pratt.
A. M., M. D.» LI*D. Published In Chicago.
THE YEAR ONE— By John Bloundelle-Bur
ton. Dodd, Mead & Co., New York, fl 50.
STEPHEN CALINARI-By Julian Sturgta.
Charles Scrlbner' a Sons, N«w York. " fl 50.
Books Received.
Whether these my beliefs off end, grieve, or are a cause of stumbling; whether they are in the way cf
anything or any one, or displease any one, I can change them as little a3 1 can my flesh. I have to live by my
self, and by myself I must die— and very soon— and therefore I cannot' believe in any other way than as I do
believe while preparing to return to that God from whom I came."— FROM THE REPLY OF COUNT TOLSTOY
TO THE EXCOMMUNICATION OF THE HOLY SYNOD.
"Exactlvj and I eay what I feel, that's all."
eai-a Raines, airily. "But seriously, officer,
is a valuable thing like this quite safe in a
case that?"
"Safe 'enough as long as I'm here." replied
the other, between sxim jest and stout earnest.
"I didn't Bay as I was, sir." replied the
r>oliceman. "But that's queer talk for a gen
tleman like you, eir, in the British Museum!"
And he wagged his, helmet at my invalid, who
had taken his airing in frock coat and top
hat. the more readily to assume his present
part. . .
. "What!" cried Raffles, "simply saying to
my friend that I'd like to lift the gold cup?
Why. so I should, officer, so I should! I don't
mind who hears_.me eay so. It's one of the
most beautiful things that I ever saw in all
my life." •
The constable's face had already relaxed, and
now a grin peeped under the limp mustache.
"I daresay there's many as feels like that,
dr." said he.
Then R?.f5<?s gets it into his head that
he must have a try for a very valuable
cup recently presented to the British Mu
seum. Bunny is the same old Bunny. He
Is a thief out and out. but still lie hatea
the life. He is still, as Raffles considers
him. the same dear old stupid pal that
sees nothing in advance and is of the
greatest assistance when the coup Is
ready to be played, for by his innocence
he deceives the victims. Raffles, as usual,
purposely misleads Bunny into the belief
that his Intentions are honest upon his
first visit to the museum and so Bunny
accompanies him with care-free mind.
Bunny himself does not know that the
robbery is to be done until it is all over —
but that is Raffles as he always Is. Here
is the account as Mr. Hornung gives it:
The thine had a little equare case of plate
glass all to Jtself at one end of the room. It'
may have been the thing of beauty that Raf
fles effected to consider !t. but I for my part
was in no mood to look at it In that light.
Undernf-ath were the names of the plutocrats
who had subscribed for this national gewguw,
and I fell to wondering: where their £8000
came In. while Raffles devoured his two-penny
guide book as greedily as a Fchoolgirl with a
zeal for culture.
"Those are scenes from the martyrdom of'
St. Agnes," s&id he • • • " 'translucent on
relief • • • one of the finest specimens of
its kind.' I should think It was! Bunny, you
Philistine, why can't you admire the thins
for Its ovn sake? It would be worth havtnc
only to live up to! There never was such rich
enameling on such thin gold: and what a good
scheme to hang the lid up over it. bo that
you can see how thin it is. I wonder : if we
could lift it. Bunny, by hock or crook?
"You'd better try. sir." said a dry voice at
his elbow.
The madman eeemed to think we had the
rcom to ourselves. I knew better. '. but. ¦ like
another madman, had let him ramble on un
checked. And here was a Etolld constable
confronting: us. in the short tunic that they
wear in summer. hU whistle on its chain, but
no truncheon at his Bide. Heavens! how I
see him now; a man of medium size, with a
broad, good-humored, perspiring face and a
limp mustache. He looked sternly at Raffles
and Raffles looked merrily at him. . • -. ,
"Going tc run me in, officer?" said he. "Tl:at
would be a joke— my hat!"
The first effort of the pair is directed at
replenishing- their pocketbooks, and they
cleverly swindle a jeweler out of several
thousand dollars' worth of. gems.
Between the different' periods of the two
books Bunny has '.served his term In
prison for his first offenses, and Rafflea,
after his escape in the Mediterranean, has
had enough experience to turn his hair
white. Even with this change in his ap
pearance he does not. dare show himself
except with the greatest : caution..
Rallies is now a man with white hair
and poses under the name of Matutin. an
invalid of means— his old idea of having
"an alternative profession." By a clever
bit of advertising he gets on the track of
Bunny and brings -iiim once more to his
side. • ¦¦ . • ;
.Mr. Hornung's latest book, which he
calls "Raffles," is a further account of
¦ that gentleman's career from the time of
his swim, in the sunset sea until he finally
drops crime to fight for his Quen in South
Africa.
..'; If . 'you did not read "The Amateur
Cracksman," very well; read "Raffles,"
for this last book is complete in itself and
references to the first are sufficiently ex
plained." : - Eut one thing is certain. After
you have read "Raffles" you will not rest
until you have a copy of "The Amateur
Cracksman" in your hands, so you might
as", well begin at the beginning and get a
copy of the "Cracksman" first— then take
"Raffles."-':
This second series of adventures Is even
more remarkable than the first. The
author brings about the- meeting of Raf
fles and his old friend Bunny in the most
novel. and approved style of mystery, and
poon they are hard at work at their old
game of living off the world.
It seems that after all Raffles did not die
when he dived from the liner in the Ital
ian Sea to avoid his old friend. Detective
Mackenzie of Scotland Yard, but man
aged to make his ten-mile swim to shore.
flyfl J7HEX a book gets into the.twen
\)l I ty-five cent paper edition it is a
y>fy/ good sign that it has made a
:. ¦ *-* great popular hit. That Is what
E.' W. Hornung's "The Amateur Cracks
man" has done. It is impossible to help
liking: that delightful rascal. Raffles, and
even Bunny, who Is supposed to recount
their adventures, is not a bad' sort of
chap— just stupid enough to require ex
planations from Raffles as to exactly
what happened and why, which proves no
small aid to the reader in following the
mazy trail of the up-to-date gentleman
burglar. Raffles.
"Some of Little, Brown & Co.'sv(B6ston)
fall publications are announced v as fol
lows: '"Types ,of Naval Offleers, With
Some Remarks on the Development of
Naval Warfare During the Eighteenth
Century," by Captain Alfred T. Mahan;
"The .World Beautiful in Books," by Lil
ian Whiting, author of "The World Beau
tiful": "A" Japanese' Miscellany," a new
book by •: Laf cadio Hearn, author of "In
Ghostly Japan." "Shaddwlngs," etc.; "Joy
and : Strength for; the Pilgrim's Day," by
Mary W. Tlleston,. a companion book to
"Daily ; Strength for Daily • Needs"; "Up
and Down 1 the Sands of Gold," by Mary
Devereux, author of "From Kingdom to
Colony" ;. "Mistress Brent,'* a story . of
Lord ¦ Baltimore's "colony in 1638, by j Lucy
M.'Thruston;. "Maids and Matrons of New
Maxime Gorky, the Russian writer, has
•come very prominently before the Ameri
can public of late. Already his face is.
a familiar one to readers of our illustrat
ed reviews, while fragments of his biog
raphy have found place In half the newa
journals of the country- It is generally
believed that this apostle of vagabondage
is a.t his best in short stories. A collec
tion of these, under the title of "The Or
loffs," will therefore be published this au-"
tumn by the Messrs. Putnam. The trans
lator, Mrs. Monteflore, \ works directly
from the Russian and the translation
bears evidence of' her thorough sympathy
with the" Russian author's, work*- Mr.
Heinemann. who will publish the English
edition of this volume, arranged for the
translation several months ago, previous
to", the present widespread American in
terest in Gorky. '
Another bcok is promised in the early
autumn from the pen of that talented
writer known in literature as "Zack" and
in private life as Gwendoline Keats. It
will bear the title, ."Tales of Dunstable
Weir," 'and will consist of a collection of
short fiction distinctly brilliant both in
style and execution. Each new
book from this pen has now a pe
culiar Interest, due ; to- the rapid de
velopment of a rare talent that may at
tain no one knows what end. Zack's first
book, "Life Is Life," embodying the best
stories written since the beginning of her
literary career in 1896. made a dlstmct im
pression and placed her securely in the
literary fold. Her second book, "On
Trial." was a powerful novel, marking a
long, stride forward. Her., third- book,
"The White Cottage," out this spring and
in its 'second edition; indicates a further
advance in achievement and popularity. ..
\ Theodore Roosevelt's account of his
mountain lion hunt last winter in Colo
rado will appear In the October and No
vember numbers of Scribner's under the
title "With the Cougar Hounds." : The
heroes of the chase are the intelligent
hounds who are trained to chase the cou
gar and lynx\into the trees. A great deal
of new information in regard to the. cou
gar j s contained in the first of these arti
cles, which is a valuable contribution to
natural history. Both articles will be fully
illustrated from photographs by Philip K.
Stewart, • who "was one of the hunting 1
party. Stewart was a well-known Yale
athlete. ' . %
• The October Book World presents sev
eral'cleverly written articles on interest
ing topics and short stories of merit. An ¦
•illustrated account of "A Visit to Sir .
AValter Besant," by William Wallace-
Whltelock; a comprehensive and copious-^
ly illustrated article on "Society Women
yvho Write" and the initial number of a
promising' s'erles of papers on "Introduc-*
,ing a Child to "Books" are prominent
.features. ' "The Giant's Gate," by Max
'Pemberton. grows more Interesting with
each Installment. " - . : ".
The romantic and exciting: career of a
duelist ' should make good" material for
the . iioveltat* - / Ambrose Pratt- has written
for R. F. Renno &|Co. a hovel entitled,
"Franks; 1 Duelist," which is now in press.
The book is historical, in a sense, for
•Talleyrand, Napoleon, and other
notables are cleverly introduced, the
period of the story being that of Napov
leon's contemplated invasion of England.
All book-plate collectors will want to
possess a copy of the Cornhill booklet for
September, as it is devoted to an article
on "Recent American' Ex Llbrls," by
Wilbur Macey Stone, and contains some
twenty or more well-chosen examples of
book labels that have not heretofore
reached the public eye. (Boston, Alfred
Bartlett)
Dallas Lore Sharp, whose book, "Wild
Life Near Home," will soon, be published
by the Century Company, is an Instructor
in English in . Boston University. He
owes his love for the woods, to his Quak
er mother; and much inspiration to the
three years of friendship and close con
tact with' Professor Jenka, the naturalist,
a friend, of Agassiz." - ¦
Harper &. Brothers state that the ad
vance orders for- Gilbert Parker's "The
Right of Way' have been larger than
those for any other recent publication of
theirs with the exception of Mrs. Hum
phry ' "Ward's "Eleanor," ¦which had a
similarly rushing sale. i
Philip Verrill Mighela, author of "The
Crystal Scepter" and other novels, is a
native of Nevada. His father was a lead
ing journalist In the Silver State during
the early mining days.
Literary Notes.
Mechanically I did &s I was told. There was
no time" for thought, etlll lesB for remonstrance
or reproach, though my surprise must have
been even more complete than that of the con
stable before Raffles knocked the senss out of
him. Even in my utter bewilderment, how
ever, the instinctive caution of the real crim
inal did not desert me. I ran to the door, but
I sauntered through it, to plant myself before
a Pompeilan fresco in the corridor, and there
were the two attendants still gossiping out
side the further door, nor did they hear th<*
dull crash which I heard even as I watched
them out of the corner of each t eye.
It was hot weather, as I have said, but the
perspiration on my body seemed already to
have turned Into a skin of Ice. Then I caught
the faint reflection of my own face in' the cas
ing of the fresco, and it frightened me into
some semblance of myself as Raffles joined ma
with his hands in his pockets. But my fear
and indignation were doubled at tho sight of
him. when a single glance convinced me that
his pockets were as empty as his hands, and
his mad outrage the most wanton and recklebs
oX his whole career. . . • ¦
"Ah. very Interesting, very interesting, but
nothing to what they have in the i museum at
ICaples or Pompeii itself. You must go there
some day. Bunny. I've a good mind to taks
you myself. Meanwhile — 6low march! The beg
gar hasn't moved an eyelid. We may swing for
him If you show Indecent haste!"
"We!" I whispered. "We!"\
And my knees knocked together as we cams
up to the chatting attendants. But Raffle.?
must needs interrupt them to ask the way to
the Prehistoric Saloon:
"At the top of the stairs."
¦ "Thank you. Then we'll work round, that
way to the Egyptian part."
And we left them resuming their providential
chat.
"I believe you're mad," I said; bitterly, as
we went.
"I believe I was," admitted Raffles, "but
I'm not now, and I'll see you through. A hun
dred and thirty-nine yards, wasn't it? Then
It can't be more than a hundred and twenty
now— not as much. Steady, Bunny, for God's
sake. It's slow march — for our lives." •¦''.. '
There was this much management. The rest
was our colossal luck. A hansom was being
paid off at the foot of the steps outside, and
in we Jumped,' .Raffles shouting "Charing
Cross!" for all Bloomsbury to hear.'
We- had ttrned into Bloomsbury street without
exchanging a syllable when' he struck the trap
door with his fist.
"Where the devil are you driving us?"
"Charing Cross, sir.'.' ¦'
"I said King's Cross. Round you spin and
drive like blaze?, or we miss our train! There's
one to York at 10:25," added Raffles as the
trap door slammed; "we'll book there. Bunny,
. and then we'll slope through the subway to.
the Metropolitan, and so to ground via Baker
street and Earl's Court." '
And actually in half an hour he was seated
' once more in the hired carrying chair, while
• the porter and I staggered upstairs with my
decrepit charge, for whose shattered strength
even one hour in Kew<Gardens had proved too
much! Then, and not until , then, when we
had got rid of . the porter and were alone at
last, «ll<i I tell . Raffles, in the most nervous
English at my command, frankly, and exactly,
what I thought of him and of his latest deod.'.
Once started, moreover, I spoke. as I have sel
dom spoken to living man; and Raffles, of. all -
men. stood my abuse without a murmur;. or
rather he sat it out. too astounded even to take
off his hat. though I thought his eyebrows
would have lifted it from his head.
"But it was always your infernal way." I
was savagely concluding. "You make one plan
and you tell me another ."
"Not to-day. Bunny, I.sw.ear!"
"You mean to tell me you" really did start
with the bare idea of finding a place to hide
In for a night?"
"Of course I did."
"It was to be the mere reconnoiter you pre
tended?"- . . . :..-•. •
"There was no pretense about It* Bunny.!'
"Then why on earth go and do what you
did ?" , :
Th« reason would be obvious to .any one but
you." said Raffles, still with no unkindly scorn.
"It was the temptation of a minute— the final
Impulse of the fraction of a second, . when
Roberto saw that I was tempted. ; and let me
sea that he saw it. It's not a thing I care to
do{ and I shan't be happy until the papers tell
me the poor devil is alive. But a knockout
shot was the only chance for us then."
"Why, you don't get run in for being tempt- .
ed, .nor yet for showing that you are!" •
"But I should have deserved running in If
I had not yielded to such a temptation as that.
Bunny. It was a chance in a hundred thou
sand! We might go there every day of our"
"lives, and never again be the only outsiders in
"Well. I shall write to the Times all the
same. I'm a connoisseur in all this sort of
thing, and I won't have unnecessary rjsks run
with the nation's property. Tou said there
was an attendant Just outside, but he sounds
to me as though he were at the other end of
the corridor. I shall write to-day!"
For r.n tnetant we all three listened, and
Raffles was right. Then I saw two things in
one glance. Raffles had stepped a few inches
backward and stood poised upon the ball of
each foot, his arms half raised, a light in his
eyes. And another kind of light was breaking
over the crass features of our friend the con
stable. '
"Then shall I tell you what I'll do?" he
cried, with a sudden clutch at - the whistle
chain on his chest. The whistle flew out. but
it never reached his lips. There were a couple
of sharp smacks, like double-barrels discharged
all but simultaneously, and the man reeled
against me so that I could not help catching
him aa he fell.
"Vfoll done, Bunny! I've knocked him out—
I've knocked him out! Run you to the door
and pee if the attendants have heard anyth*lng
and take them on If they have."
"Meanwhile, what if my friend and I had
been professional thieves? Why, we could have
overpowered you in an instant, my good fel
low!" : ...
"That you couidn't, leastways not without
bringing the whole place about your ears."
- We listened and we did hear them, but not
Just outside. In my own mind I even ques
tioned whether they were in the corridor
through which we had come. To me It sounded
as If though they were Just outside the corri
dor. - '. .-•'. /• :
"You mean the fellow with the blllard cue
who was hen when we came in?" pursued
Raffle*. '.
"That wasn't -a billiard cue! It was a
pointer," the intelligent officer explained,
"It ought to be a javelin," said Raffles ner
vouely. -"It ought to be a poleax! The pub
lic treasure ought to be better guarded than
this. I shall write to the Times about It — you
see If I don't!"
All at once, yet not so suddenly as to excite
suspicion. Raffles had become the elderly busy
body with nerves. Why I could not for the
life of me Imagine, and the policeman seemed
eQually at eea. • - ...
'.Xor'- bless you, sir," Bald he, "I'm all
right; don't you bother your head about me."
"But you haven't even got a truncheon!"
"Not llkelv to want one either. You see.
sir. It's early as yet. In a few minutes these
here rooms will fill up. and there's safety In
numbers, as they say."
"Oh,,. it will fill up soon, will it?"
"Any minute now, sir."
"Ah!""
"It Isn't often empty as Ions: as this, sir.
It's the Jubilee, I suppose."
last book, "A State Secret." It Is a col
lection of short stories and receives its
name from the first story in the book. Ten
stories go to make up the contents of the
volume- and each one is written in the
author's usual ' pleasant style. The first
tells of the ultimate value of an apparent
ly valueless legacy at just the right time.
"The Little Blue Jug" Is the rather piti
ful tale of the accidental selling of a
miser's hoard which he had kept concealed
in an old pot that during his absence is
, sold as a cheap curiosity to some tourists.
"Sullivan's Bargain" is a very entertain
ing Irish sketch with varied complications.
The • fourth tale is concerned with the
mystery of Lady Mary Slattery. "The
Glen Lammie Shooting" tells of the happy
ending of a feud. . The others, vary, slmi
, Iarly in motif and altogether the collec
. tion will appeal to the lover of short sto
ries: (Published by F. M. Buckles - &
Co.; New York. $125.).'- Z
< . , _J ¦ :, -. -
. Fair readers will enjoy Mrs. Croker's
A State Secret.
Rafflea slufiled hia face; he was still watching
Raffle?: and I kept an eye on both of them
without putting In my word. - ' . .
"You appear to be single-handed," observed
Raffles. "Is that wise*" \
The note of anxiety was capitally caught: it
was at once personal and public-spirited, that
of the enthusiastic savant,, afraid for a. na
tional treasure which few appreciated as he
did himself. And, to be cure, the three of
us now had this treasure to ourselves;, one
or two others had been there when we entered;
but now they were gone. . • . . .
'Tin not single-handed." said the • officer,
comfortably. "See that seat by th« door? One
of the attendants sits "there all day long."
"Then where la he now?"
"Talking to another attendant Just outside.
If you listen you'll hear them for yourself." '
the room, with the billiard -marking Johnnio
practically out of earshot at one and tha same
time. It was a gift from the gods; not to have
taken It would have been flying in the face of
Providence."
"But you didn't take it/' I said. "You went
and left It behind,"
I -wish I had had a kodak for the little smile
with which Raffles ehook his head, for It was
one that he kept for those great moments of
¦Which our vocation is not devoid. All this tim*
he had been wearing his hat. tilted a little over,
eyebrows no longer raised. And now at last
I knew' where the gold cup was.
It stood for days upon his chimney piece, this
costly trophy whose ancient history; and final
fate filled newspaper columns even in these
days of Jubilee, and for which the flower of
Don Quixote.
Dill Wilson has retold the story
of Don Quixote. The wonderful adven
tures of the old Spanish knight-errant are
amusing to older heads, but children have
not always grasped Cervantes' style. The
story is here retold as simply as possible,
and cannot fail to please. The version
preserves all the incidents of the original
book, with the exception of a few minor
episodes that would not readily be under
stood. It.. relates the doughty deeds of
Don Quixote and Sancho Panza— the ' bat
tle with the sheep, the tilting with the
windmill, the slaying of the wine-skin
giant and all ;the absurd exploits which
have caused the world to laugh since they
were first narrated, some three hundred
years ago. The present volume is attrac
tive in design and make-up. It has an
illuminated cover and frontispiece,- and is
illustrated with full-page half-tones from
original drawings. , (Published by Thomas
Y; Crowell & Co., New York. Price 60
cents.) V. :
"The Vengeance of the Mob" deals with
the contemporaneous ¦ situation in the
Southern States and with the special ten
dency^ to invoke Judge Lynch on the
slightest occasion and opportunity. The
hero, a Northern man, falls In love with a
.:"The Vengeance of the Mob" is by Sam
A. Hamilton, a Pennsylvanian. While hi
the South in 1899 he became interested in
the people locally known as "crackers"
and took many notes for future use. He
was, within a short distance, of several
of the most brutal^outrages upon negroes
at the time of their .occurrence. They
made such an impression on him that he
collected a host of facts and has embodied
many of them in his present .work.
- 1 Three -.novels ' recently published -by . jthe
Abbey Press are "A Slaveholder's Daugh
ter," "The Vengeance of the- Mob" and
"The Council of Three." The author of
the first book, Miss Belle Kearney, is a
member of an old Southern family. She
was educated in Mississippi,^"became a
teacher - and ¦' then changed to the lecture
field in 1889.- - She has ' been an extensive
traveler and has made a deep study of
humanity. Her book ¦ photographs the
new South: in contrast with the old. It
deals especially; - witn the I evolution of
Southern women— their "ability to change
from the life of ease and comfort of the
wealthy slave days to the hard times
after the war. - . "
Three Novels.
There is only one' criticism— Raffles is
too' real and : is apt -to make the best
citizen think of turning burglar Just for
-You .find yourself the incident
over until you have all the. facts in. mind
and '.you. begin to feel quite a combina
tion' of detective and burglar sense in a
cdrner'of your brain that ypu had over
looked. : . • , '-¦'"'¦/ '•: '
. You follow at attention and say, "Now
this - time he is lost for ; good unless the
author gets him^ out' with a fairy tale
that no .one will believe." And, then
when the critical moment comes Hor
nung puts his man ion his feet so "deftly,
that you say, "Well! 5 I never thought
of that!" . : .:' -.•/¦'
It' is really remarkable.
The great attractiveness of all of these
Raffles stories lies' In Just that remark
able ability Mr. .Hornung possesses for
"plausible -habeas corpus,'! if I may so
express it. He gets his . man into the
frying pan and -then to 'show that .he can
do even more, puts him right into the fire
—and then, presto change, Hornung grabs
hirn^ out again to ¦ start in -rail over. ' ¦ ¦ : <
Mr. ; Hornungr gets him - out from even
this, predicament, but it requires all of
his skill to do it.
.What follows Is as dramatic- as Poe's
tale of the, pendulum. .Raffles is strung
up by '.the hands \ so that "his \ toes just
reach \ the floor. | Opposite j him is placed
an old fashioned -grandfather clock wired
with electricity, so that a pistol, will be
exploded at the end of twelve hours and
the torture will end in death.
abode and recognize him ; even under . his
present ' disguise. '.; Worse yet, they,, get -
him- inltheir absolute 'possession. - - .
case. / Mr.^Hornung is certainly one of
the-best story-tellers of -'the. day. (Pub
lished I by ; Charles '! Scribner's Sons. New
York. V Price $1 50.) . ¦ '"¦¦.¦¦» _-.->--
B. G. LATHROP..
with good intentions in spite of their out-
Hursts of innocent mischief. How proml
\ nerit a .part the two play in acting a3
peacemakers - and healing a rift of years*
standing between two neighboring fami
lies forms the subject of a brightly writ
ten little book by a popular writer for
children. It will be found entertaining and
wholesome— a story that the younger
readers will enjoy. (Published by Thomas
Y. Crowell & Co., New York. Price 5*
cents.) \ ". . ¦-.-
A. M. Robertson. San Francisco, will
publish shortly a volume of poetry by
Lionel Josaphare. A few of the author a
poems have appeared In the magazines
and newspapers, and two were recently
published in a small book entitled The
Lion at the Well." This^ small book
caused a remarkable diversity of opinion
among the critics. Some scored the poem
with unmerciful sarcasm; a few expressed
their admiration and advised the reading
public to watch the name of Josaphare:
but, with few exceptions, all spoke of the
great strength, originality and imagina
tion of the verse. '
An opportunity is about to be given for
testing the latest work of the poet. The
new name la an aspirant for fame and
the highest honors of literature! The
forthcoming volume will cause much dis
cussion, as Mr. . Josaphare shows an in
crease upon the strength which was ac
knowledged in "The Lion at the Well."
Hy has at the same time rid himself of
the faults of unusual wording and erratic
figures which the critics deplored in the
earlier work, so that the new volume will
be rich in Its evidence of that which con
stitutes the best attainments of poetic
imagination with an adequate vigor of
expression.
"With the recent arrival at the Shamrock
II and the approaching second effort of
Sir Thomas Lipton to "lift" the cup, the
eyes of all Americans are directed to the
two boats. Constitution and Columbia,
that are racing to decide which shall de
fend this blue ribbon of the ocean. The
September Outing, therefore, which Is a.
special yachting number, comes with urf
usual and timely interest. The majority
of these yachting articles are so impor
tant that they will command the earnest
attention of yachtsmen and all of them
are of much popular interest. There are,
for example, W. J. Henderson's paper on
"Some Old-time Yacht Matches," which
accounts for some famous yachts and
races; John R. Spears' paper on "The Ef
fect the America's Cup Has Had on Our
Maritime Affairs," while J. E>. Bell tells
of the "Effect of the America's Cup on
British Yachting"; "The Trend of Steam
Yachting." by S. W. Barnaby of the fa-.
mous firm, Messrs. Thornycrofts. and
"The New Measurement Rule m Yacht
ing and Some Old Ones," with full designs
by Cliuton H. Crane. There is a practical
and Instructive paper* on "Gaa Engines
for Pleasure Craft" and "Sir Thomas
Lipton at Home" is shown in text and
photograph. Perhaps one of the most in
teresting articles in the number 13 "The
Beginnings of International Rifle Match
Shooting," by General George W. Win
gate. General Wlngate was captain, of
the first American ritte team to go abroad,^
and the fact of there being an lnterna-^
tional match about to begin at Sea Girt
makes his article very timely and valu
able. In addition to these papers, the
September Outing has a number of oth
ers of peculiar value. There is one on
"Cattle Breeding for Amateurs," showing
the Influence of food; another on "Lawn
Tennis on the Continent." by Clarence
Hobart, who has recently returned from
a complete tour of European tennis fields.
One on practical "Mountain Climbing,"
by Annfe S. Peck, who has had, more prac
tical experience in mountain climbing
than ' any other woman in this country
"Roque," the modern croquet. Is explained
by a one-time champion at the game. W.
H. Wahly. "The Maine Sporting Camp
and Guides, the Evolution of Sport With
the Gun"; "The Muscallonge in Flambeau
Waters"; "The Saving of the St. Law
rence"; "Bird Architecture"; "Coursing
in Kansas and Nebraska." are other pa
pers of. Interest and practical worth.
There 13, too, a strong Indian story, "The
Wedding of Beaver Eyes," by E. Hough;
a description of the famous horse race of
France, "The Grand Prtx^de Paris," by
;Guy Wetmore Carryl." Also the monthly
comment by Caspar Whitney on current
matters in the "Viewpoint, which is very
fully illustrated. Indeed, the entire mag
azine is unusually full of Illustrations.
France," by Mary SIfton Pepper; a new
pocket edition of Balzac. Katharine Pres
cott.Wormeley's translation, complete in
thirty volumes; a new illustrated edition
of "Little Men." by Louisa M. Alcott; a
neW illustrated edition of "White
•Aprons." by Maud Wilder Goodwin:
"First Principles of Nursing." by Anna
R. Manning, a graduate of the City Hos
pital of the Qulncy, Mass.. Training
School: "Deafness and Cheerfulness, by
the Rev. A. W. Jackson, author of
"James Martineau: A Biography and
Study"; "Lassie." a new book by the
author of "Miss Toosey"s Mission,* etc..
and Valois edition of the romances of
Alexandre Duma3, forty volumes, finely
illustrated. « : V_
THE SUNDAY CALK
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
, "WORTH READING."
FOR THE BLUE
AND GOLD
A Tale of Life at the University of
California.
vfByJOY LICHTENSTEIN
$1.50 Net
- "A rattling good story of undergrad-
uate life. iU work and its play. There
are scores of healthy, plucky, fun-lovins.
sturdy young Americana who keep tne
Interest at a glow from start to finish.
' It U a book that should be read by all
college graduates, by all In college and
by those intending to enter college."
—New Orleans Picayune.
A. M. ROBERTSON, Publisher.
126 post Street,
San Francisco, Cai.'•¦¦¦¦ '¦¦¦ ¦¦*-'"¦ •- * - /¦ ' ' . -'•'?
doctors were Oat fc few days Before to
see ; a ' speshul performance ' : and ' pro
nounced it - a • wonderf ull ; scienti fflck ¦ ex
ablsheni,';'' ; ../p' 1 ;:: ; - J /. ./ : '
" "it'sVgrate'.thlng to Be a'doctor.somo
tl'nes," paw • sed. .'\"They. always - get i ln
vlted • to these ¦ Bpeshul > performances, "and
•¦'.¦• '¦ ¦ .
I notus they hardly ever are Too bizjy
with. the! Ded andjlylng to Go."
, After, awhile we Got started on a Trip
to the moon, and it was so dark Going
"up^that maw Grabbed paw's hand and
Held on' Tite. ! She ' thot . it ¦ . was paw's
hand, \>ut' paw Got -parted from uj rite
The man Told paw to Read the regula
shuns and not keep people waiting.
"Well, they are anulh^r thing I want to
r.o Before I go Enny farther." paw sed.
"If you put peeple's pictures in the
"I don't want to Do ennythjngr that'll
Bring disgrace on tho Children," she told
him, "Becoz I've always led a Blaimless
life in the past. Do you think they would
Let us go at Large again if we, let them
Have the ticket now and Didn't ast for
our munny Back?"
"No," paw anserd, "the Die is Cast.
They are no Escape."
By that time they Got thru with Uncle
Ramsey and it was paw's turn.
"Are they enny Danger of a purson Get
ting put in Jail If He lost his Ticket?"
paw ast the agent.
Maw was Getting nervous and Exslted
while paw Told her how it was, and she
Sed mebby it would be Best not to Go if
they was Enny crime about it
send you to tho penltensherry and If you
Don't rush Rite up to their agent when
you Get to the other End and Give him
what you Have Left of the ticket, to keep
till Seven minutes Before you are ready
to Start home you Get put in the Eleck
trick chair becoz they Don't hang peeple
in Now York enny more."
buy a ticket."
After while the man at the Windo says:
"There's your ticket," and pushed a
Few yards of it opt between the Bars.
Paw commenct to wind, it up and Look
' at it to see if it was all . rite, and pritty
soon he Says:
"Hero you Didn't punch where It says
whether my Hair Is black or brown or
light or gray.".
"That's O. K.," the Agent told, Him,
"you haven't enny worth" Menshuning."
Nothing worse happened till "We were
On the train. Then paw had .to sign" his
name Becoz tho Conduckter thot He was
a suspishus character, and He forgot to
cross a T. It was allmost fat tie, only" he
-had his name printed on His Shirt' Uncle
Ramsey sed 'it .was the -Luckiest thing in
the world it Didn't happen to maw. j
¦ ¦¦~>V? :£••>;•¦':•*" ; GEORGIE. ,'
Tho agent went on punching holes
Every few Inches up one Side of the
Ticket and Down the other, and. paw sed:
"Still I belcave in Giving credit where
credit's dew. You don't seem to make a
purson Give ball for Coming in here to
rogue's gallery for paying their Gfpd
munny to Ride on your blamed old lino
I'm not Going 1 and you can do your
worst." ' ' __
- "Well," paw sed, after be thot a min
ute or so, "I guess It was the Grammar of
the Barkers." 1E0ROIS. .
When wo got back to tho Bordlng-houso
,iome of the folks there Got to talking to
us About the site we saw, and when they
Herd that paw had Been -through neerly
every place ; on the Midway, they got
off ully interested, and a Lady from Since
Anati ast: B39
"What was the worst thing you found
in. the Midway, Mister Moffett?"
"Yes," paw told her, neerly weapinf,
"but they got me at a Disadvantage. They
didn't bring them outside before the per
formance the. other time, so when 1 saw
them it was too late. I had paid my.
munny.".
"The thing I notust most about them,"
paw sed, "is that the next one's never a
Bit worse thari the one Just before it.
Let's take the boys up to Bostock's and,
let them Lurn a little natcherl history.
There's nothing like a good anamul Sho
for Wlmmen and Children."
"No," maw told him, "I'm going to
every one of these horrable places, wher*
you've been. They say there's nothing
untlt For the pure-minded Inside, and I
want to see." .
Then they Brot out some of the old
I-adies that were Going to do tho Mussul
dance and Introduced them to the crowd.
"Paw," maw sed, "did you Go In there
and see those wlmmen dance?"
"Well," Uncle Ramsey ast, beginning to
jingle a few quarters in His pocket, "how
are they, enny wny?"
"Yes," paw Told her, " I have. S'poslng
wo would of gone back Home and I hadn't
seen all They was to bo seen when pooplo
ast me About It? How* could I look them,
in tho face and say all I saw was th»
outsido of the Bildings? That's no way to
encurldgo a Great enterprise like this."
at tho start some way, and Every little
while maw would squeeze the other man's
hand and say. she was scared nearly to
L»eth. He only whispered, and after
while when the ship Landed on tho Moon
they turned on the Lite. Then maw gave
a ytll ard nearly Fell oftn one of Tho
craters. While the exsltement was Going
on the man got away, and paw must ot
Followed him or sumthing, becoz ho was
missing loo. Maw wanted to hurry bacic
to the Krth, but Uncle Ramsey sed It
miten't turn out for tho Best if she did,
so we went on seeing things, and Every
little while maw would wonder ' whero
paw wast. We found him in tho Oriental
vll!eilgt> after while, watching people rlda
the camrales, and maw Bed to him:
"Paw, I Just no you've been In some of
those wicked places."
If they were pure-minded becoz to the
pure all Things are Innosent. - • ¦
"That's all rite," paw sed, "But I gess
I better go First and see. It's never, safe
to Run enny risks in a Case Like this."
Before maw could say ennythlng the
nearest Barker commenct t6 make an
utbar speech. He sed a Delegashun of
"Izzent this great?" ho says to paw at
he waved his Hand around to show How
the Blldlngs were Grouped and th«
Grounds Laid out. "Just think of a man
Sitting down with a piece of paper Be
fore him 'and planning a Thing like this
with the whole seen Looming. up in his
immaginashen. Its greater Than enny
poem you Ever red.",
"I no it,"-paw anserd; "it's Grand and
which is the .shortest cut to the Mid
way ?" .
Maw saw it wouldn't be Enny use try
ing: to keep him back, . so - we all went
along, and when wo got down whoro they
were Tooting horns and pounding Drums
In front of neerly every show* we found,
out why hardly ennybuddy ;wa«, at'the"-
Court 'of Fountains looking nt the Grand
site". The' crowd .was on the i Midway lis- ;
senlng to Every Barker Hollering, with •
all ¦ His mlto ' That . they '. had , tho ' worst '
Hootchey Kootehey dance /on JBCrthH'^rito i
Inside, and, Ladles and children could ; go
, ¦ . :¦ . ; ¦;;:.,:¦ :' .-.-.y :-
(Copyrfghted, 1901, by 8. S. McClure Com-
V Vt «VHEN me and the Folks got to
\ j\ I Buffalo and went to Aunt Liz-
Y \z fc'e's she said she was Offle glad
to see us, and if it wouldn't of
Been that Her house was all
full we would of Had .to stay rite, there,
but she new of a Good place over on tho
next street where they had Home cooking
und only Three beds in a Room. Paw
'elegraft for more Munny when he Found
)ut Aunt Lizzie wasn't at Home to visit
ors, and after we. Had our scckond meal
if Home cooking paw said It was about
*he Homeliest \m ever saw, but he liked it
letter after ho took us to Old Numbers
.or a Meal and Had to get balled out by a
*rend.
When we Got out to the exposition the
first day paw stood and Looked at the
BildlngH awhile 1 and sed they .were Grand,
• and then ast a man which was the near
est road to the Midway.
"Why do you want to hurry off to th«
Midway?" maw ast him. "I thot you
wanted to Bring the boys hero and Lot
them see ' the Exposition becoz it's as
good as a Collldgo edyoucashun."
"I no I ued bo," paw anserd, "and You
and the Boys can go In- and Look at the
buggies and machinery and Groceries and
Things like that if you want to, but it
items to me that After a purson looks at
th« Blldlngs of a nexposishun till .ho
/ Jhmts to do Sumthing else he Better
make a Brake for the Midway."
About that time Mr.- Holies of the Press
bewro came running down tords us all out
Of^Breth trying to Get away from a felio
that wanted a pass becoz his second cur
zln runs a weekly, paper in Sleepy . Eye
Minnesota. . • .'". , M.
"Maw," paw sed when he saw what
would Happen to us if we Didn't do every-,
thing mensbund on the Ticket, "it Seems
to Be a crlmmunal offense for a purson to
want to pay munny to ride on this Line,
and they are a Lot of things bere to Show
that you are a,£uspishus character trying'
to escape from Just retribewshun. If you
Tare- off one of These cooppawns when the
conducktcr's back Is turned they mite
Alter while she Got her ticket and It
¦was About as Long as from here down to
the next Corner, and Back. Paw took It
and Commenct reading It while Uncle
Ramsey was getting examined.
Tbey told him at th« ticket offus tho
Best of us would Haft to come and Get
identified Before be could buy Tickets for
us, and when tbey Had us all Stood up m
Front of the wlndo the man made us sine
our 2Caznes and Then he Looked maw Over
and punched a place where it Sed she was
Stout and Feemail, and She had to Take
off her vail so he could see the Color of
her Hair and Eyes and whether she Be
longed to the white race or Was a Chi
nee.
"Then he makes you tell how old you
are, where your ansestors come from, If
you can repeat the' constitution of the
Younlted States backward, and If you ever
sot arrested for porch climbing or enny
thlnc like that."
•Tve come back to prcpalr for the ex
amination," paw sed. "I passed for the
Blvvle Service one*, but that's nothing
Like when you Haft to buy a cut rate
Ticket First the ogent says:
" 'Do you have lits. and if not how
offenT •'» ',
Uncle Ramsey looked at It the same as
paw, and aed anuther Reason why we ot
to go was that Little Albert and the baby
could travel for nothing. As soon as maw
Found that out it was all over but the
packing up.
Paw says he never Saw a woman yet
that wouldn't pay a Good price to get,
Bumthlng for nothing, speshully from a
Railroad, and the next day he went for
the tickets.
"I been Thinking it over," paw Told her,
"and It Seems to me We Ot to see the ex
poslshea on Account of the boys. It's
almost as Good as a Collidge edyoucashen
Tor a Boy to see a nexposlshen like That,
and they miten't ever have anuther
Chance to go to ennythlng of the kind
*C*<*i. We can Go to Aunt Lizzie's becoz
¦he's been trying to get us to visit her for
a Long time, and I no It'll tickle her Half
to Dcth to have us All swoop Down on
her Sum morning and Tell her we've
Com© to Stay a week or two."
"Yes," maw sed, "and peeple that seem
to study Such things say mewls are a
Good deal the same way. But what makes
you want to Go to Buffalo?"
. "They are nothing In Life like having a
Good strong will," he Told us once when
ho Got to feeling kind of proud of it.
"When I pet my mind Set nothing can
Change it. It's like the rock of Jibbery
Alter. That's where nx' and Napoleon
-were very much alike."
'¦•*""S AW got to Reading about how
i ffiJ cheap you could go to Buffalo one
1 Day and the first Thing we New
•r-X '¦'••.. he made up his mind. When paw
makes up His mind it's no use try
ing to talk him out of it.
(CopyiUftAtA. 13C1. by S. S. ifeClnre Ce»
panyO
GEORGIE'S PA GOES IN FOR SELFISH ENJOYMENT
(Copyrighted, 1901, by S. S. McClure Com
\ : ¦ pany.) . \
PAW got home the Other nite all Het
up, and Sed the time Had come
when he was going to' Give up not
. Being happy becoz It was cheaper
to get along without things.
"I've been making sackritices all my
life," he Told maw, "and now I'm going
•. ¦.¦¦¦¦.¦ ~. . ¦
% • Wi l : -\-v/ -' ¦
joyment that - half the TEime • they don'i
want after they "set it;". \ ."'" .. ¦.''-..¦'•¦
Paw ran one Finger across His forrld
and Flung' a Fingerful of.swet down to ;
wet the Lawn. Then -he sed:' l ~~ ¦',
"It it doesn't make you Happy to -stand
Out there in the sun and watch Other
peeple that .are Trying, to do Their, best
leading Blameless lives you. mite Go in
the house and try to Think about sum*
thing else. The trouble with you is you
never Look below the Surface.- , You think-
I'm. doing this, just for a Little selfish
pleasure, but that's where \ you rong me.
What does it mean to sleep well at nlte?
It means greater powers for work and a
kind dlsposishunthe next day. Who's to
Get the benefits? Me? No. If *I can do>
Better work after I sleep out here' In
peace at nite you share the results. That's
where a fllosofer can see things that Other
people never notus. Kllosofy's In Every
thing if peeple no How to rind It. There's
flilosofy in a, locomotive, there's filosofy
In a pound of crackers and there's filosofy
in a tack hammer. > Confound that blamo
'thing, Ennyway; I bleeve sumbuddy
creased it."
Me had hit his Thum again, and Threw
the hammer as Far ns lie could down the*
street. Then he leaned up against one of
the posts ¦ he Had nailed to v the Side of
the I louse, and Groned and Looked to see
•whether the nale was Going to come off
or Not. ' — .-.¦ • .. . .
After while little albert and mo found
the Hammer and paw Went on Working,
and the CuptunVcame over from next Door
to sco what was Going on.
"Why didn't you Hire a Carpenter to
do It?" he ast. f i.v-V,
SAVhy?" paW answered. "Don't you
like tho way I'm doing it?" '$>}*&'<%,
."You're making u ptitty fair Job." -the
ci.iptun.sed, "but the Ware and Talr on
your . nerves .arid . clothes ot to be worth
suinthlng,';at'.U" Have you "Ennythlng In
the house that's good tu lake for Getting
sunstruck?"- •-• ; ; ¦'•*>. .
Paw refused to take Ennymore Notup,
and ¦ along 'Tdrds ilurlc. he Got thru and
Wo .helped him In the Houac. After he
wus rubbed Down muv/ got him to let her
put piilve und things 'on the raw places.
While she .was blzzy doing that it com
menct to thunder and Blow, and In a Few
minutes "Uncle. Kamsey came in aud sed
he wouldn't be ,si.i:>tlsed,-.lf it was a
cyclone. •..'¦•.. ; ¦•"'.' '!..¦'
"Once when -I was- In the Army," he ¦
sed,. "they was a atormrame up Just Like
this, and the first thing we new—"' "
Befcro he " could say Enny more they .
• was a- terrible roar and the Lightning
flashed' and maw ran to put down the
,winduw,s. ¦. Vv'hten ghe got to the'^ront ol
the house ahe sed:
."Mercy sakes, paw, there goes your
cage." '
After the stornvwas over we found part
of the netting and some of the frame
hanging on. an Elecktrick lite. pole; at the
next.Cqrner. ... •; . • ,
• Maw told paw not to mind it. becoz he
was so .crippled • up he wouldn't dare to
sleep outside Ennyway. but He told her
to Get the which hazel bottle and Not
tawk so much becoz it '¦Hurt his - ear
drums. \ ¦ GEORGIE.
to Be good to myself and see how It
feels." .. '.',.¦ . ¦ :' '. '
"It seems. to me," maw anserd, "that
you've had about as many of the Com
forts of life as Knnybuddy else in the
Fambly."' . ~ : \ ~ -
"Oh, I have, have I?" paw sed. "That's
about as much credit as a person Ever
gets for not Being selfish and thare's
where I say it's foolish for a buddy to
Deny themselves, becoz the ones that Get
the Benefit think after they're used to it
and you want to quit for a little while
that they've only Been '.getting 'What "was
Coming to Them and you're ronging them
by not .keeping rite on Being a' marter.
Hundreds "of times I mite of Gone out at
nite with the Boys and blew in' munny for
a Good time if 1 wouldn't of.thot of you
a.ml the Children hero at home needing
things you couldn't have If I spent tho
cash tor my. own pleasure." ,
"Well,'.'., maw toid Him, "didn't you al
ways feel Better After 'doing sumthing
of That kind than you would If you'd
gone Out and Been a Fool?" ¦
"I don't nu," paw sed, VBecoz I never
had a. chanco to ,see how a man Feels
when he's been out being a fool. But
that's not the point. Here I've been work-
Ing uwuy For years trying to tlx It so our
children could - have as Much as Enny
butlJy else's and Getting along, without'
things so you Could put on aa Manny
new clothes as the nabers when you Went
to Church." * ;¦>>!»'
"But didn't It Ever make you glad To
think your loved one's had jusi us much us
other people?" Maw ast.
"Of course,'' paw anser«. i J,'"lt made mo
kind of proud of rhyaclf tiumtimes, but
that's not—"
"Then you Can't call it denying yourself
when it milkcs .You happy," maw told
him, "and It mukcH me gliui to think you
arc So\nobul v l." ¦
Paw wouldn't Get to looking plazzunt,
tho, and after while lie sed:
"That's all rite, Hut the worm's going to
turn' rite here." . . . • ¦ L-1-- ~ ;
"Paw," maw-ast. getting 'kind of pal:,
"ate you going down. Town to mcet'Enny
b'u'ddy to-night?" . | .
"No," he anserd, "but I Bot a lot of wlro
screening To-day, and I'm going to Fix up
a place on the Roof of the porch where I
can Get- out and sleep These hot nltes
without Getting the' prickly heat or Let
ting the muskeetos have Fun with me." ¦
"Sumttmts It, allmost. seems foolish for
peeple to suffer so Mutch for a Little En-
The next Afternoon he got away from
the oflus erly and Came' home to fix up
the new skeem. It was a nawful hot uay,
But paw was Full of Knthuzzie Azzum
and places where He got bit, so he Didn't
seem to Mind It. Miich-^Except when he
Tore h!s Shurt on a nale and Pounded one
Thum the Seekond time.' Maw was stand-
Ing down in'the yard watching, and when
ptiw put his thum In his mouth and neerly
Lost his Ballants she sed:
5
¦EHE J3UNDAY C&LL.
GEORGIE'S PAW
TAKES THE FAMILY TO BUFFALO
THEIR EXPERIENCE WITH THE TICKET AGENT
GEORGIE'S PAW
AND THE FAMILY
AT THE EXPOSITION. ¦ . J - —
The world's center Is ever moving close?
to. San Francisco and each time that
national or International delegates con
gregate her© the importance of the fact
la Increased. The present convention will
be a ¦ memorable one not only by reason
of the men who take part r id the topics
discussed, but everything points to ex
pansive efforts on the part of the church.
In keeping with those which, are movlna
the country, at large.
During, the convention it was planned
that- he should be domiciled in the Scott
house, where the President lived while
In 1893. He has been rector of many
churches In the East and professor of
church history at .Berkeley Divinity
School. He had already declined an
invitation election to the office of Blshon
TSXlZnl ™° bef ° re ; reCeWing that
remembered nn Imvlnsr tnkon original
mothorlH of working among tho poor.
Whenever ho heard of a fiimlly in wnnt
of food or MUffcrlng for clothing: /ho did
not waste time In vain, but went directly
to houses of lily parishioners whore ho
knew; ho whs sure to find round ronsttj
and fat fowls ready for the oven. Theso
ho would calmly nnd quietly put Into a
capacious basket, tuck In' plenty of trlm
fhlnga and relishes, with perhaps n few
more substantiate- if there was room for
thorn. Then, taking- Mmaelf to the house
where they were needed, he would leave
the basket with as little ostentation as
possible and go on, his way. Clothing
was obtained and distributed in the same
manner. The hint was so plain that It
¦was not Ions before cases were attended
to. before even he had a chance to hear
of them, and -to this uay there are those
that thank-hlm./ '
It was supposed when " the convention
was called. to meet here that there, would
be the greatest difficulty in getting- a
fair attendance, but the reverse, has been
the case, as there has been active rivalry
among the different ellgiblea to ¦ secure
the position of delegates and manykwho
were not selected 'declare their, intention
of, coming as spectators,' and most" of
those who do- come '. will brine families
and friends.' . It will, be another, object
lesson, to the Easterners who ( think that
Calif ornians ¦ wear ;' feathers - and " war
paint, . or red shirts j and cowhide boots,"
to find that. such an eminently peaceful*
couvocatioa ' can gather on the xar shores
of the Pacific with no more discomfort
than Wan Inland metropolis. ••
Bishop "William Ford Nichols of San
Francisco, to whom "so much credit la
due- for" bringing hither the convention,
has led a' busy life. Graduating at Trinity
College, Hartford, In 1870, he took hl3
degree of A.- M. in 1873 and D. k D. p In 1878,
was ordained deacon in 1873 and priest in -
1874/ was consecrated Bishop Coadjutor of
California, in, 1S00 ami Bishop .of. Caltfewiia
The Right Rev. Edgar Jacob, Lord
Bishop of Newcastle, who comes as the
personal- representative* of the Archbishop
of Canterbury, is another who is \ con
cerned in the question of. transfer of spir
itual Jurisdiction of the islands. He will
be the most notable figure among the vis
iting Bishops, for the reason that he is a
peer of the realm— a spiritual peer, it is
true— but none the lessj a real lord.
Bishop Jacob Is the son of the archdea
con of Winchester, an Oxford man, and
was consecrated as successor of Bishon
Wilberforce. .
Between Bishops Jacob of Newcastle
Bo while tho polltlcul annexation of i ho
islands has been completed they are more
adrift than ever as far as spiritual af
nilatlons are concerned, being neither
English nor American. This has left the
entire burden of administration upon the
Right Reverend Lord Bishop himself, and'
tho result has been that he has been ac
cused by some who have disagreed with
him pt attempting to arrogate to himself
the power of a Pope, merely because he
had no superior. This Bishop Willis de
nies strenuously*, asserting that he is do
ing nothing more than his duty in at
tempting to hold together and preserve
the church, which has thus fallen between
two supports, until it is again picked up
and placed under the spiritual dominion
of one or the other of them. '
Another which has lightened the load
of many a parent is the parish store,
where second-hand garments are sent to
be sold at rates which make the cost of
clothing a family a matter of secondary
consideration. Schools of household econ
omy are also established by the parish,
where those who have never learned
kitchen economics are taught to make the
richest and most delicious dishes from tho
cheapest materials that the market af
fordu. To all «uch charities as tWs Pier
pont Morgan gives, and gives without
limit, except in to far as therw is needed
intelligence in the distribution, for he
cannot personally look after those de
tails. This is one of the great goods
which conies from tho centralization of
wealth and power; tho money is diverted
Into channels which lead only to the best.
Bishop I'otter of New York will have
many thincs of interest to tell tho con
vention, for he has made » trip to Hono
lulu, the Philippines and China for the
purpose of extending tho influence of tho
Episcopal church in our new possessions,
ond is ono of tho strongest advocates of
tho necessity of having the church follow
tho flag. During his trip he was presont
nt tho convention of clergymen of tho
Anglican church in tho Hawaiian Islands,
at which tima it was ngrocd that it wan
best for tho welfare of tho church thoro
to withdraw from tho Church of England
and place Itself under tho spiritual Juris
diction of. tho United States whenever It
receives an invitation to do so.
One of the practical charities which has
helped without causing them to lose in
dependence and self respect la the pur
chase of coal by shipload lots in the sum
mer, when it is cheap, and then retailing
it out to the poor parishioners by the
bucketful in the winter time at Just what
it cost, plus a low rate of Interest and
actual expense of handling.
In the parish of St. George in the East
side In New York there are many of the
unfortunate extreme poor who are des
tined to pass their lives in a combination
of hard work and hard times.
The Episcopal church in New York has
by the aid of his large donations, and
loans entered upon a class of work which
will commend itself to those who believe
that indiscriminate giving works more
harm than good and is always an injury
to the recipients.
It has not been generally known before
that he has been gradually earning for
himself tho title of "the Angel of tho
Church," and probably nothing will please
him less than to have it known, for his
charity Is of the kind that balks at Im
practicable or ostentatious distributions.
Henry E. Pierrepont of Long Island.
Edwin Augustus Stevens is another lay
delegate whoso name is familiar to Amer
icans, as he is the son of the famous
engineer of the same name- who founded
the Stevens Institute of Technology. Mr.
Stevens is a trustee of that institution,
and, besides being president and director
of various transportation lines, is the In*
ventor and designer of the new type of
screw ferry-boats, of which the Berkeley
is the first to be seen on this coast.
Some people are so busy that they do
not have any time for church. Mr. Mor
gan is attending to all of his own busi
ness very nicely and incidentally finding
time to take in as many other businessea
as he can consolidate into fifty trusts.
Still, he has time, not j only to go » to
church, but take an exceedingly active
Interest In the- administration of its af
fairs. .
E. S. Lines . is another of San Fran
cisco's former rectors who will- 'return
here as a delegate, coming to represent
the clergy; of Connecticut. ; . He will ba
Of California's Bishops the Right Rev
erend William Hall Moreland of Sacra
mento has the honor to be remarkable
for having been at the time of his conse
cration'the youngest Bishop in the world.'
He is the author of "What Is Christ?" and
"The Church or the Churches.". For
many years before : his ' -i consecration
Bishop Moreland was rector of St. Luke's
Church here in San Francisco. .
'From Sltka, Alaska, there comes Bishop
Peter T. Rowe, who has the largest dio
cese in the world, as it runs almost with
out limit, except as bordered by the do
minions of the, Frost King. Bishop Whit
taker of Nevada, who has for so many
years conducted his famous school in
Reno, will bo welcomed by the Nevadans
here with that warmth which only the
citizens of the Sagebrush- State can feel,
for he has endeared himself more than
casually to so many. of them. ;'.
Among tho most noted American authors
on religious subjects is Bishop Frederick
D. Huntlngton, who will represent Cm
tral New York in tho houso of Bishops, n
graduate of Harvard divinity school, who
has been editor of many religious papers
and has written over a score of books on
moral and religious subjects. Another
Right Reverend writer who will attend is
Bishop Satterlco of Washington, author
of "Christ and His Church." V-
The chairman of the house of BUhops Is
the Right Rev. William C. Donno, nishon
of Albany, a son of tho former \Wnhop
Doane of Now Jersey and a brothor of
tho Roman Catholics prelate Monsl/jnor
Donne of Homo, Italy. Bishop Doano him
taken degrccB at both Cambridge and Ox
ford, as well as at Columbia and other
American collCKCft, and Ik a connection by
marrlago of tho Rev. Condlt of tho
Chinese missions in California. , I
¦ Nearly every Episcopal Bishop in Amer
ica will be present. Among them are
many men who have won themselves fame
by their writings aside from their work
and office In the church. The. importance
of the questions which will bo decided has
made the attendance much greater than
was expected. Tho old question. of the
change of name, which has iiKuully boon
kept down owing to the chance of oppo
sition, will probr.bly be brought up with
more strength behind it, and tho/qucstlon
of divorce is one which tho clergy havo at
last decided to mako their strongest light
upon. .Their ground ' in that u mini and
woman once married must stay nt> until
death parts them; that no separation for
any cause can Justify tho rcmtirrlugo of
either.
The republic of Hayti is another curious
place, which m'nds its own business and
has also passed Into tho list of forgotten
countries, Just because it is good, proba
bly. James T. Holly is the Right Rever
end Bishop of the Episcopal church there,
and he, too, is coming here to take part
In the great council and tell what Is be
ing dono so busily but quietly in that
scmi-troplc commonwealth. :
Liberia is a place which every schoolboy
remembers on the map, but as no news
has come out of there for twenty years
or more most people have come to regard
the curious little republic as a sort of
half-forgotten myth. Now comes the liv
ing, talking Bishop of that placo to San
Francisco, the Right Rev. Samuel D. Fer
guson, who went there with his parents
when but 6 years of age and received his
education in its schools. Ho can tell why
so little news has come from that forgot
ten sister of the great republic.
Bishop Gravc-s is a brother of Hiram
T. Graves, the v/ell-known pioneer of this
city.
Bishop Graves of Shanghai will have
stories of the most wonderful fascination
to tell those who are so lucky as to hear
them, for "he has been living at Hankow,
that great Chicago of China, which
though a midland city is yet on a river
navigable, like tlw Amazon, for ocean go-
Ing steamships. There, too, at or near
Hankow, lives the Viceroy of Wuchang—
the ogre- of the middle kingdom' he has
been called, for he has shed enough Inno
cent blood during tho last few years' to
float his vice regal Junk. Over 1000 non
combatant sympathizers of the, patriots
have been put to death by him' since the
time of the Emperor's dethronement.
Through this and all of the j Boxer up
risings Bishop Graves has been the keen
est of observers, and armed with a knowl
edge of Inside affairs which has enabled
him to profit more than most. ; .
and Willis of Hawaii will probably be ar
ranged the terms upon which the Church
of England property In the islands will be
turned over to tho Episcopal church of
the United States.
Prince, ex-Governor of New Mexico;
THE triennial convention of the Prot
estant Episcopal church of the
United States of America will have
some discussions which will surely
catch the popular car, for human
Interest that appeal* to every man and
woman pertains to dome of them, and to
others there is enough of political com
plexion to draw the attention of all who
watch the procress of the world that
moves. .
This body, which meets so seldom and
adjourns nine die. Is the fountain head of
power for the whole branch of the Epl*
copal church which had its beginning
when America separated from the mother
country. It is significant that among: tho
delegates to the llrnt convention, one hun
dred and twenty-five years ago, were
many of the men who signed the Declara
tion of Independence.
The men who are coming to discuss
these questions are even more Interesting:
than the subjects of debate. Foremost
among them from a popular standpoint
is J. Pierpont Morgan, the modern Alex
ander of the commercial world. It will bo
a new light In which to see him: this man
of millionaire affairs laying aside the vast
business that appals the earth with Us
magnitude and calmly listening to reports
of mlesions and Sunday schools for a
week at a time.
Morgan Is rapidly succeeding In rolling
the commercial world Into a unit Wheth
er he can In time so bring men's minds
to meet together that the churches shall
all unite In one Is a question which may
well be asked, for heretofore the reverse
process has been always in force and there
have been more divisions and offshootlngs
than coalescences.
The introduction of such forcible men
Into the councils of the church, men whose
every action along their path of life has
been marked by uninterrupted success,
cannot but aid In the practical work which
Is the necessary foundation for its pros- '
pcrlty.
During Morgan's stas* In San Francisco
he, with his family and guests, will take
possession of the old Charles Crocker man
sion on California street, the use of which
has been extended to him by the Crocker
Estate Company. It is probable that dur
ing the short time of Morgan's stay more
will b© seen of the interior of the house
by San Franciscans than In many years
last past, as It has been secluded as a
tomb during the greater part of the time.
That much entertaining Is Intended is
shown by the fact that Sherry, the famous
New York caterer, who has officiated at
such notable affairs as the Bradley-Mar
tin ball, will be brought out to superin
tend the cuisine. This will -certainly be a
relief to Miss Morgan, who has, according
to reports of correspondents, been baking
her own flapjacks while on her present
hunting trip in the Rockies.
When J. Pierpont Morgan stops attend
ing to business and devotes himself to
religious affairs It is enough to make peo
ple look around.
When the Bishop of Shanghai and the
Bishop of Africa and Bishops from Japan,
Canada and England, together with sev
enty-flve other Bishops, come to San Fran
cisco to discuss with Mr. Morgan and
other laymen on such living questions as
"Shall innocent parties to a divorce bo
prevented from remarrying?" It Is an
Event.
Some other subjects which will be de
bated closely are of concern to the gen
eral public, as well as to church mem
bers. Among them Is one which has
crown Indirectly out of the Spanish war.
It Is, "Does tho church follow the flag?"
This would not have arisen under any
other circumstances the broad world over
except the present. . .
Bishop Potter of New York, who left a
life of luxury to go and live In the slums
that he might know what are the needs of
the poor, will be accommodated in the
Will Crocker house, which stands in the
corner of the homestead lot. Bishop Pot
ter is of a family of Bishops; his father
was Bishop Alonzo Potter of Pennsylva
nia and his uncle, Horatio Potter, pro
ceded him in office as Bishop of New
York.
From England there will com© tho Right
Rev. E. Jacob, Bishop of Winchester, who
has been delegated by the Archbishop of
Canterbury to ¦ officially represent tho
Church of England at this convention of
the American church.
Another delegate from the Church of
England, whose religion will perhaps ba
better classed if mated as being in a con
dition of metamorphosis, la Right Rev.
Alfred Willis, lord Bishop of Honolulu,
who was thera In chargo of the missions
of the Church of England. On the annex
ation of the islands to tho United States
the territory could manifestly no longer
be controlled by the Church of England,
which it more closely united with tho
state than Is consistent with existence un
der the Stars and Stripes.
Another class of foreign Bishops are
really American*, although they hall
from alien lands. The Bishop of Capo
Palmas, Africa, Is a representative of the
Protestant Episcopal church of the Unit
ed States, In chargo of the foreign mis
sions on the dawning continent; so. too,
the Bishop of Haytl: the night Rev. J. T.
Holly. Bishop of Jamaica; Lucicn Lee
Klnsolvlng, Bishop of Brazil; the Right
Rev. Sidney C. Partridge, Bishop of Kioto,
Japan; the Right Rev. John McKlm, Bish
op of Tokio, and Frederick R. Graves,
Bishop of Shanghai— all are Bishops of
American foreign missions and are Amer
icans in every sense of the ¦word and en
tirely under the control of the convention.
About seventy-five Bishops of the differ
ent dioceses of the United States will be
present and with the others mentioned will
constitute the House of Bishops or upper
house of the legislative body, which deals
.with the canon law.
Tho lower house will consist of clergy
men and laymen in equal numbers, us
ually four clergymen and four laymen
from each diocese.
Among tho prominent laymen will be
Robert Treat Paine of Massachusetts, a
lawyer of note; Henry E. Pellew of Wash
ington, D. C: Richard S. Conover of New
Jersey; Georgo C Burgwln of PIttsburg.
who is a world-wide authority on consti
tutional and canon law; Hon. L. Bradford
THE SUNDAY CALL.
FROM ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD
COME NOTABLES TO THE EPISCOPAL
CONVENTION."When the Filipino people rtallz* the
grandeur of their future destiny by rea
son of association with the graat repub
lic and come to understand that they axe
a chosen people to carry not only Ameri
can commerce but also republican insti
tutions and the principles of personal lib
erty throughout Asia, they may be relied
upon to rally to the inspiring thoughts
thus suggested and follow and support the
American j flag in whatever contests the
future may have in store for It as the
symbol of human liberty throughout the
world."
I asked the general what the Filipino
woman was like, that the American girl
might form some opinion whether sha
could Americanize her or not.
"The Filipino women are not pretty,
perhaps,' but they are bright and Interest
ing," safd the general.
"They always wear a decollete cown,
but most decorously and modestly con
structed. They have the handsomest
necks and shoulders of all the women I
have ever seen."
The Impression that General MacArthur
was a severe and stoical- man. similar in
some degree to General Kitchener, If it
ever existed, as I believe it did. is entirely
wrong. I have tried to make It clear that
as a man the major general Is not at all •
the martinet soldier some believed him to
be, but in all respects, as many phases of
his report to Washington show him to b«,
an Ideal type ot a modern army officer, . -
: "My position, commanding an occupying 1
army, was not the most auspicious to ob
serve the social side of the Filipinos. We
naturally regarded them at Arst with sus
picion. .We were always on the alert tor
surprises. But there are all classes in
Manila, as there are elsewhere. The cos
mopolitan Filipino, who has traveled and
quite • understands the social relations of
the American, torm of government, is as
clover, polished, intelligent and courteous
an individual as one can meet anywhere.
I gave. one or two functions while I was
there, at • which , over 1000 Filipinos : were
present, and the occasion was quite equal
In manner and dignity to a reception at
the White House. There are the very rich
and the very poor, and they differ accord
ing to the material conditions . that sur
round them. Of course, the Spanish man
ner of speech - and thought is very-pro
nounced in them. For instance, a Filipino
prisoner was once brought in to me with
whom I: wished to converse at length. He
was a very clever fellow and I had a very
long chat with him, but he braced himself
evidently for, the j occasion/When - he was
brought in, before! could say a word, he
cordance with their general utility to the
benefit of the community. It was difficult
to make the Filipinos understand this,
owing to* the restrictions of their native
language. To-day. the native Filipino en
joys all the privileges of an American cit
izen except the right to carry arms."
"Do they take kindly to the form of
American government?" I Inquired.
, The strategical position of the archipel
ago, General MacArthur wrote to the de
partment, must ' exert an active . and po
tential influence upon the affairs of Aaia,
and in this relation the general has confi
dence in the ultimate loyalty of the Fili
pinos to the American Government, for he
adds in his report: - ,r
"Looking to the future, however," con
tinues General MacArthur' In his
"with relation to ultimate effects, this is
perhaps the most fortunate circumstance
connected 'with American occupation, as it
may - afford favorable conditions . for the
solution of the main Philippine problem,
which in its present aspect involves com
plete reorganization of the civil institu
tions and social habits of a dense popula
tion, held together for the time being by
force of habit only, and the conservative
influence of an American army. If a
spirit of Philippine speculation should
seize the public mind in the United States
and be emphasized by means of grants,
concessions and special franchises for the
purpose of-quick exploitation, the political
situation and the permanent interests o£
all concerned might be seriously jeopard
ized."; ' : ;.. .: '¦ ¦ -..¦•¦ '' ••¦-:.-.' ¦"-' •"¦¦*'
thoroughly than he could at random.
"As a matter of fact, having reference
to the present and immediate future, it is
not apparent how political control of the
archipelago is to bring sudden and large
additions to the national 'wealth of the
"United States," he wrote to the depart
ment in Washington. .
The , general ; hesitated a minute, and
finally referred me to that portion of his
report bearing 1 upon that question,: as he
had therein answered , the . matter .. more
V 'What else could be expected from the
most powerful, richest, most highly culti
vated nation -in the world?', he replied,
practically silencing • the American, officer
for- good." ¦¦¦'. ' / ¦¦'-¦• •' . : '. ;
"What' do you consider are the commer
cial prospects ' of the Philippine Islands
for the- United States market?" r-< , ;
"We shall like these people?" I asked.
"When the; American public learns to
know the Filipinos I think these little peo
ple will become very popular with us. They
are impulsive, generous and always cour
teous. They have a ready wit, also, which
is most solemnly delivered. A distinguished
Filipino, while in ' conversation with an
eminent American officer in Manila,
showed this faculty very keenly. The offi
cer said to him: 'You are a queer sort of
people. You . leave all your families in
Manila, under the protection of the Amer
ican soldiers, and then steal outside and
take up arms against us. -What do you
say .) to that?' - , :¦
sald to me quite grandiosely: •'
" 'I am permeated with the atmosphere
of European Cabinets. I therefore am pre
pared to discuss this question on the high
est plane of statesmanship.' " ¦ ¦; .
The general laughed heartily as he re
called this incident, for the humor of it
to the American mind was its affectation
of self-importance.
"There is a vast difference between lib
erty and independence," said, the general,
"and the trouble was that in the language
of the Filipinos liberty was translated as
Independence. Now, independence may
represent a government of absolute ty
ranny, without Justice for the individual
or law for- the masses, whereas liberty
means that state of freedom for the indi
vidual that shall at once entitle him to
demand protection. for a free exercise of
his personal interests and beliefs in ac-
' - The sentiment and policy of the admin
istration — and it has rarely performed an
action without an . underlying American
sentiment— as represented by its Military
Governor in the Philippines has . always
been humane and kindly. The personality
of General MacArthur was especially fit
ted for the purposes of the administra
tion in the archipelago. He always has
an eye upon the social side of Interna
tional matters.
true sense of American government and
American liberty as it has not been ex
pressed for years.
General MacArthur wrote in his procla
mation: "War in its earliest form was
an act of violence which, from the very
nature of primitive humanity and of the
forces employed, knew no bounds. Man
kind from the : beginning of civilization,
however, has .tried to mitigate and to es
cape, as far as possible, from the conse
quences of this barbarous conception' of
warlike action." .
ple and a mas of considerable dignity and
He proved himself to be a man of. brains,
a dominant influence among his own peo-
The Event of His Command.
In a general way Aguinaldo must have
made a good impression upon his captors.
gift of reasonableness is his. He has. be
yond the harmonic poise that is acquired
in the service, the instincts of a gentle
man. We all know what that quality in
volves, the relationships it can establish,
the dignity it entails and exacts. The
training of an army man is intended to
develop the best that Is in him. Some
times it does, and sometimes it does not.
There are all kinds, all sorts and condi
tions of men in every service, but the best
executive quality in a man is integrity of
purpose toward his fellow man, white or
black, and that quality is distinctively
General MacArthur's.
A first impression of the general is his
amiability; then he becomes crisp, direct,
clear and penetrating in his observations,
in which crops out an iron force of firm
ness almost Bevere when one considers his
strong, sauare Jaw and his set lips, but
there is always a kindliness in his eyes
that would never betray, but never for
give betrayal. Add to this a quiet voice,
clean cut features, a quick, short step; a
-well knit, well poised physique, and you
have seen a man who is a fine type of
Americanism; fit representative of its un
tiring energy and courage for any pros
pect.
There was a great deal talked over dur
ing the breakfast hour I spent With the
general. We touched upon the Aguinalde
capture, the discretion of General Funs
ton, the development of the American sol
dier compared to the British soldier and,
above all. the nature of those little people
in the Philippine Islands. A great deal
was said in confidence on matters of
¦which General MacArthur is not yet pre
pared to speak publicly. .
•7* jrAJOR GENERAL. ARTHUR
I \ /I MACARTHlTt began hta mtlt-
I y I tary enreer forty years ago. nnd
V. ** I to-day h« is an Ideal type of
JL « modern nrmy officer. As tho
executive military head of the
department in the Philippine* hft ha*
nTomplir-hed. relatively, what General
KllchfnT has be»>n nprigw* » f) «"•'> * n th «*
Tranrvanl, •
General MnrArthtirV name w«» dlf'
cu*M«d recently in Iho ISnell'fb Parliament
<, • an ex«mpl« of O«n#raJ Klt'-hener'a
duty In Bouih Africa, The two m«n nr«
dl**lmil»r In ppruonallty. <?<nernl Kitch
ener Ik a nl1«*nt mnn. with the (nl>»rn HrH-
Ihh coniavnpi tnr * ffmrrttla ••fiemy. <J«-n
rr«1 MafArihur U n nwav*. cmirtenu*
man, of native nmUbllliy. with a nhrewd.
dlrert lnwlshf Into humnn nature. Hl.«
AfcMnn-* «r«- punctiliously p<«lltc. his m«n
rr-r of cxpnrielna nplnlonn In rfuprciful
rather than authoritative, and Mill he
lia* the rcputmion nt tains « atrl«t dl«
rlpllnarlan. Hr could prnt»-ncp a prisoner
to be *hftt Mllh tb" pam» polllotirr«« of
tnnnnrr thnt In? wnuUl show In convorra*
ti<*>n with nny man <>r womnn h<; m^ftn.
In tho riH.J ho always dlr.t-ri with h!n
Kaff. He was nlwnys tnimnculntp In np
fiearance. He never Ftrpped out of bil
tf-nt to tfllt«> cnmmaiid undpr (Ire that h«»
rtld not c«r"rully ndJUFt his gauTitletB n»
men do thrir plovcs. No one ever nuw
him ruffled; no one ever hoard him utter
a eoldltr'B onth. lie did not shout his or
«l*»rii. that all might realize h<> wan com
mandlnK the forces. He would stand nt
the choern point of observation during nn
encaitemerit with the enemy and in a
quiet yoloe (rive his orders to bin aids,
not in a boisterous manner, but na If he
were nHklnjj of each Individual member
of hl» Htaft a personal favor to deliver his
me**»tre.
nequirexnents of a Modern Soldier.
HI* ernfp of nfTnira In the. Phlllpplnca l»
the i*-f«ult of nn Intelllsenco bojond th«
nf mont m^n. It ha» Hhow: uh that
th« modern noldlt-r must nuccood In other
way* bcsiidM thore required of him In hc
tlon. Whll<- blK uttitude an a eommnmUr
Of th«« occupying army nt Manila de
manded that h« nhotild leBiird tho Klll
jilnott with MJKplrlon. hc wan nlwaya alert
to dlncovrr the human motive* of th« hi
dlvldual. Hrmnn nature Ih not nt Its*
best held up «t thn muzzle, of a loaded
gun, and General MncArthur wan Intelli
gent enough to recognize that the native
Filipino required U-nchini," more than
Fhootlng. Coercion »s better than abso
lute subjugation.
The faculties that helped him most In
his policy at Manila were the wholarly
ones. He is a fine historian, and there ia
r.othing ripens judgment bo safely as a
knowledge of the world's history. It is
a Eure index of national evolution, in
which racial motives can be traced, and If
expansion is the will of the people, force
of arms alone Is but a shock that subdues
temporarily.
His Amiability.
General MacArthur is a diplomat. The
There can be no doubt that so careful a
soldier and so intelligent a military gov
ernor as Major General MaeArthur exam
ined and closely considered the rights un
der the laws of war by which the capture
of Ajpitnaldo was effected, and therefore
every detail i>f that expedition has its
legitimate authority. But the general has
less vanity than is Usually permissible in
commanding 1 officers, and therefore in his
report General Funston becomes the cen
tral figure of the Aguinaldo capture.
A great deal of the delay toward the
pacification of the islands has been caused
by the difficulty of transplanting Into the
Filipino. langruage the actual policy of the
administration in the Philippines.
"Persons residing within an occupied
place who do things inimical to the inter
ests of the occupying 1 army are known. as
war rebels," General MacArthur wrote In
his proclamation to , the people of the
archipelago explaining to them the laws
of war. This proclamation enlightened
conditions that had previously been bar
baric. In some respects this proclama
tion was a humanitarian instrument un
surpassed by any effort of its special
character to make a foreign people un
derstand the restrictive motives of an oc
cupying army. One of the concluding sen
tences in this proclamation reflects tht
"All the personal distinction which nat
urally attaches to successful execution
must go to General Furhton, who on this,
as on former occasions, displayed so mucn
fortitude, determination, good judgment,
self-contidence and self-control as to jus
tify the expectation that his future ca
reer in conducting operations on a larger
scale will be attended with like success
ful results."
Tlicro In no <i<n:iit nun u ia>iur«i to cap
ture At'.iiititiiiiu ii live wouid nuv« been »
Bcrloui blow to tho diviHion commuuder
und his policy in the Islands. Speaking
of General l'UKston, tiiu mujor M^.nr,..
cmphMKizcd the good opinion of him he
so B^ncioufly expressed In his report to
Wabhinaton. ,
Generous Acknov/lcdgmcnt of Funston
"Funbton has got his reward— a general
officer at 3.1 a.nd a career bfifof! him,"
said General MucArthur, when 1 as«v*?d
him for a personal impression of the man.
Although General MacArinur preferred
r.ot to be quoted on many things that
transpired during the Funston expedition,
of which we talked a great deal, it is no
breach of conn Jem e to state, what is gen
erally known in ¦ the army, that General
Kunston is net a swashbuckling soldier or
a wildly adventurous one. He: Is a uni
versity man, whose record has been clear
of entanglements. He was probably se
lected to command the expedition because
the discovery of the exact location of
Aguinaldo's camp occurred through the
capture ol a letter written by Aguinaldo
to one of his officers, which revealed the
information required. This letter was in
tercepted by one of Funston's lieutenants
and reached headquarters in the due
course of military routine. In- his report
General MaeArthur said:
"1 huve< uniiwflml all questions about
thnt mrittrr In my report to Waihlnston,"
ruld iho general, and this la what h<»
wrote;
"In consideration of Important lmaiedl*
nto roBUttH, un<1 hi tho IlKhl of remote
consequences likely to urlp* therefrom,
the_rupt»irp of <le«ioriil AguinulUo may be
mgnrdrd iih the mo*t momentous single
« v«nt if tho year. Am a military trunuue
tIon II w.-js unique, iBolHted and complete
In HBclf. In the ilrnt place. It absolutely
dispelled th« growing tendency to Idealize
IiIh personality, and to surround him with
mythical legends of Invincibility, which
milllm.:* of natives believed to be true,
and which they h!m> bullt'Vvd would ultl
niHtoly Iniuro tho success of the rebellion.
With a people ho sentdtlve, lmpuUlve,
eoiiorouM unit imuBlnuttvu an th" K.llpinoi
mo ini'cnuiucH ot hcntlment. when well
appreciated und rignuy upphea, aftora
biany powortui Infirumenu «>i iniutmy
unu political control." ' •
Jn i< fiir uiiry iniyi mutton reached heatl
quartcra at .viunitu mat pwutiveiy jocaigu
AKuInu ido's* cumu, On Iiiih acuits Utinuiul
MucArthur t-uiu turtner in hi8 report:
••'J hi« report upon which thin bcilef wu»
baaod was ii unnmlitiHi by Ucnurnl Kua
hioii tlnoiiRu (ionerai \\iieut,un, uud iuu
necessary tuntuiuity of ueuun lituicui«u
thiii theao <tit)tinuui:<hud ultlcera should
control an huuVc<|uviu urratiRunivnts. Alt
in.- i< f|..im-.iiiiiity uk to the tneinoda em
ployed l:ili:-i (till UJMin llU'nU li. .mi| UH r ? •¦! M.
iiw i In- plan. v.lilru wn:» i.'Vuivi'n t>y him
two K«iu-iMi:i, wnn HUiiinltiod to und up'
ptuvcil by Hi" >nviHi')ti cotinnunder, wuu
xnnply n'idiii thereto umpnacic injunv
Uuiu to tht* i ff< ci l in* i Agu.muuu mu.it be
taken iillvi- ano deliycreu MHtely into' hm
lialius at lh«' paiMCC of Malm ¦hiihu."
In bis annual report to the d*p»rtm«nt,
Written In Manila. General MacArthur ex
t>irnn<-i! hi* views on th« Agulnaldo mat
t«<r vny tUtriy, mid hi* impreMloni on
the subject ho<1 not changed when 1 »pok«
to him iih.jtit li.
The rupture of Asulnnldo v/as the In
trtnifd •?vpih of General M»eArthur'»
cornmnri'l In the iinhtpelatfo. Whatever
(jiuetlmi miiy «t)M linger In the «lr un
ppoktin concerning tin* detail* of that *%•
petition in « liursn of General I'unaton,
tlicro In no doubt thnt Major CJ«n*r,*l
Mac-Arthur will Nliinrt ppmontjlly respon-
Nll>)f for evrry lilt of It.
Integrity, without much, education. He
possessed the nature of the Filipino,
which Ih nlwnya courteous, probably due
to the Hurvival In him of Spanish cus
tom«.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
THERE IS A MARKED
DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THEM
SAYS
MAJOR GENERAL
MAC ARTHUR,
RECENTLY MILITARY GOVERNOR OF
THE PHILIPPINESTHE- SUNDAY CAJjIi..
part that she Is piaying to-day. But her-.
versatility was always her trump card.
She slid with an easy grace from dancing
girl to Lady Macbeth, from Lady Mac-
beth to comedy old"woman. She was play-
ins old woman roles when she still had to
draw In the necessary wrinkles, and there
Is no one who can fill her! place in them
to-day. ' -'- - \'-:. ¦ " ..'¦ . ..
And as for that, she. has danced In pub-
lie on the stage since she passed, the, 70-
year line. A story is told of how her little
dance in "Cyrano de Bergerac" came to
be introduced. There was not the flight-
est idea of It at first. During one of the
rehearsals when she,' the duenna of Utie '
piece, was standing in an obscure corner
she commenced beating time softly to the
Inspiring music incidental to,the scene.
and presently found herself dancing away
gayly, unnoticed as she supposed. But
Ada Rehan's quick.eye.caught her at It,
Ada Rehan told, and presently she roused
to find' Miss Rehan, - Daly and Charles
Richman all looking delightedly and af
fectionately on.
"Good for you, grandma," Daly cried.,
"Try that business over again." "'-
And he had the dance rehearsed until
it was letter-perfect," insisting that It be
part of the regular-performance.- : r
To\so* back to her. early dancing days,
she married during them! and while still
an English'woman she toured England
with her husband. It was in 1849 that she
came to America, and from that time on
has been thoroughly American in feeling,
apologizing most humbly for her English
birth.': ,, / ;
She and her husband went West upon
their arrival in New York, and for a long
time they played in Wisconsin, Illinois
and Ohio.
Mrs. .Gilbert has avast amount, of ex
perience in whatsis now being revived un
der the -name of "stock star" work.. She
belonged to a stock company which, re
mained ; at one theater to support travel
ing stars. In this work she had to play
every conceivable kind of 1 role, and she
got the broad and thorough training- that
time, as well as other stars whose names
have come down to us. , They would. stop
in the town for a week or perhaps less;
this made hard work for the stock com
pany, for there was constant cramming
of parts to be kept up. Mrs. Gilbert had
to, study and play everything from; light
farces to Shakespeare.
She, claims that her first hit was in the
little dance of the "Dromajah" in "Poca
hontas." It was v as accidental as that of
"Cyrano/* She happened to give a little
hop, skip and a jump as she left the stage
at • the ¦ end of her scene— gave it - on the
impulse" of the moment— and It caught the
quick fancy of the audience. A whole
dance was developed from it at the next
rehearsal.^.- ' , v.
Is claimed by her and those of nev school
to be the only foundation upon which to
build an actress. The modern system of
premature starring and specialization is
what they complain of. {v
¦ She supported Edwin , Forrest at this
Daly opened in '69, and then Mrs. Gilbert
went - to -him and" remained with him
from that time until his death, except for
the short period when he gave up his the
ater and she had to take another engage
ment. It was. with Daly's Theater that
she was Identified to^'all who knew her.
She continued there, playing mostly old
lady and character parts, . during the rise
and fall of . many leading women. She
was there when Agnes Ethel rose in
; "Frou-frou" - and . fell to make way for
Clara Morris in "Man and Wife." She
played with -Fanny Davenport when the
plump Fanny was not yet taking herself
seriously and was assigned 'to . comedy
roles. Then came the famous days when
Although she was known to the New
Tork public for so long as one of Daly's
"Big Four" (the others were Ada Rehan,
James Lewis and John Drew), Daly was
not the person who first brought her out
in New York. ' .'. He discovered her after
Mrs. Wood had brought her there from
the West and advertised the "first appear
ance of Mrs. G. H. Gilbert from Pike's
Opera-House, Cincinnati." ...
work m this play was three-fold.
The parts of- Dromajah, the Tuscarora
schoolmarm and the Wee-cha-ven-da
were arranged so that she could carry
them all, short as they were, and they
made a name for her.. She played these
parts In the West with John Brougham,
and afterward at a Daly benefit in New
York. ¦¦ ¦ -¦ :• , ; ..\ > :''¦'¦ '¦ ! ¦' ' *"
It is a little startling to think of Mrs.
Gilbert as a tripping and whirling ballet
dancer, in the light of the royal dowager
This, she says, is why she is still an
active and capable professional at 80
years of age.
place where the lessons took piace. Along
its sides bars were placed,- and "at, the
bar" were kept the practicing youngsters.
Ranged in rows, they clung to the bars
while they performed their steps. Teach
ers, some of them great masters like Tag
lioni, came to the ball to give lessons.
The pupils were kept at the work for
hours, and they were instructed to keep
it up at home. This little Anne Jane
Hartley did, clinging to her bedpost in the
morning as soon as she was out of the
bed, and practicing with all the energy
of .the new day.
filling of the water pitcher and the set
tins of the breakfast table. She bustle.!
through these as fast as her hands and
feet could carry her and made for tht
theater. That was the place she loved.
A big hall with a sloping floor was the
IT has lately been San Francisco's
good fortune to have another visit
from that last representative of the
old school of actresses. Mrs. Anne
Hartley Gilbert. She. was here in~'96,
vhtzi Daly last brought his company to
our coast, and even then— five years ago
this past summer— she had so far passed
the three score and. ten limit that we
could not dare hope to -see her on this re
mote coast again. . -' :
She has outlived that famous manager
of hers who called her "Grandma."
She has lived to find herself a mem
ber of a modern company, playing a mod
ern play, supporting a modern star, man
/ aged by a modern . syndicate. Most won
derful of all wonderful stage old ladies,
she dees not mope over the death of the
"old scl«x>r* or chant the refrain of "no
days like the old days." She may have
her own ideas along that line, but she
does not obtrude them, a:nd ; she adapts
herself most charmingly to the wishes of
the present generation. . - y' ' ¦¦¦':
She is 80 years old now — so 'delightfully
old, in fact,* that it becomes £ tribute in
stead of an impudence to name her age.
And she attributes her advanced years to
the fact that she was reared a dancer.
This seems to be a new theory on an
old Question. Mrs. Gilbert repeats: '¦. •
"I attribute to my early training, as a
dancer my fine health, high spirits' and
long life." .. -' - -?' : . •¦
There is an idea worth digesting. Per
haps the people of the ballet, whom we
have been in the habit of. sentimentally
pitying for their long hours upon their •
weary toes— perhaps they will have the
laugh on us In the end. Perhaps their .
toes will be still in good form when we
have turned ours up. At any rate, Mrs. ¦
Gilbert ought to know whereof she speaks,
for at 80 she is talking of her career in the
present and future tense. ( ' •'. v
"Th5s is a charming play we are piitV
ting on now, don't you think so?" she
sayB. "Beautiful and pure. When we re
turn to New York we will begin rehears
ing a new one. I don't know what it is
yet, but I am eager to see it. I shall be
with Miss Russell right along— yes, indeed
—for a Ions time, I hope."
t When Mrs. Gilbert theorizes on old age
she always cites Taglioni, the famous
dancer and dancing master. He lived to
be over 80. He was one of her teachers
when, as a little child, she was practicing
"at the bar." -
This all too* place in England in the
Ballet School of Her Majesty's in the
Haymarket. This was the old Her Maj
esty's Tteater that stood on the ground
where Beerbohm Tree's Theater now
stands. She used to go on the stage there,
helping out as a "supe" and receiving her
pay in lessons at the school. She was a
little girl of 12 then, In company with a
lot of other little girls who worked and
studied in the same way that she did.
It was really her own will anfl against
much opposition that she went on the
stage. Her family were English and of
the conservative English type. It shows
what a little tyrant she must have been
at home, cr what a coaxer, that she had
her own way in the end and became &
professional dancer just as she wanted to.
She had to keep on with certain house
hold, duties— the feeding of the birds, the
"San Francisco is a great relief after
an Eastern summer," she said. I was
glad to leave Nantucket, even, for tha
West I am having a delightful outing."*
She looks upon her "Frohman period"
as a new chapter in her long life story.
She is really blossoming anew In her new
environment. She doesn't look upon her
self In. the light .of a martyr at all.
dragged about the country as she is.
Mrs. Gilbert's seventieth birthday was
celebrated by Daly and the rest of the
company. His theater had become home
to her, bereaved as she was. When ha
died in 1899 she felt as if. cast adrift from
well known moorings. Frohman sent for
her then and she accepted the engagement
he offered because she felt obliged to
continue earning, but it was with some
dread that she went to a company com
posed of new faces. She joined Annie
Russell, who was then playmg "Mi33
Hobbs," and she has been with the little
star eyer since. Her last birthday wa3
celebrated with a supper and a splendid
gift of a silver service, and she la grand
mothering this company as' she did tha
old one. t .
A.s the train pulled out, the window
where Mrs. Gilbert sat passed his door.
She nodded and smiled as she passed. To
her surprise he sprang from his seat, seiz
ing the flowers as he did so. With, great
strides he ran after the train,' reaching it
just in time to fling the flowers in at the
rear door. "They're for the old lady," he
cried.
They made the only bright spot In the>
whole dingy picture, and everybody in th«
car noticed them. Half a dozen pretty,
women poked their heads out of aa many '
windows and begged for them. They were
all young, all charming, in f acty they
¦were some of Daly's stage beauties. But
the desolate miner was pro'of against their
wiles, far more than any Johnnie who
should be better used to them. He shook
his head stolidly.
"When he met "toe in the wins* ha
didn't say anything about what I had
done, but he stooped and kissed me and
said, 'God bless you, grandma," " she saya
when Phe tells the story. <
Mrs. Gilbert still treasures some Cali
fornia flowers that she pressed long ago.
She got them Just as she was leaving th*
'coast after one of Daly's visits here. The
train stopped in a grimy spot, a desolate
bit of the State, where one cabin was tha
only building in sight. The miner sat at
his door and near him, inside, was a tabla
on 'which stood a bunch of gorgeous Cali
fornia -wild flowers.
There is a pretty story, told of her on
one of her visits to San Francisco. It
was Drew*s last season with Daly, .when
he had already announced his Intention to
star and Daly was making things as dis
agreeable as possible for him. He allowed
him to take no calls for himself, no mat
ter -what the audience wanted. On his
last night in this city I>aly had left for
the East. The audience called the curtain
up again and again, and it was very evi
dent that "it was Drew they wanted, to
clap a farewell to him, and they would
tiot be satisfied with the repeated 'returns
of the whole company. But Daly was
Implicitly obeyed, whether he was present
or not, and Drew must have somebody
to'return with him. Finally MtC Gilbert
offered herself, hastily buttoning her
dress, which she had loosened preparatory
to dressing for the next act. She hurried
upon the stage with him. then patting his
hand in view of the audience, withdrew
and left him alone to his curtain call, his
by rights.
Ada Rehan and John J3rew held sway
there together, and later on. when Charles
Richman, whom -we have seen here re
cently in "Mrs. Dane's Defence," and still
Mrs. Gilbert was at her post!
8
MRS
ALBERT
THE OLDEST ACTRESS
BEFORE THE REPUBLIC* LAMBDA BOAT CLUB received
/V Its barge and outrlgged skiff again
/-\ into its own clubhouse last Sunday.
•*¦ After the Astoria regatta the boats
were taken to the house of the
South End Rowing Club, and last Sun
day a crew came over from Alameda and
pulled across the bay In the barge, tow
ing the Pklff. The time occupied from the
foot of Third street to the foot of Chest
nut street, Alameda. was one hour and
|L-' r- njinutes.
f Some barge crews and single-scullers
availed themselves of the smooth water
last Sunday to go out from the South' End
Bowing Club, which will probably send
two barge crews, a senior and a Junior,
over to the Alameda 'Boat Club regatta
on Lake Merrltt. Borne of the South End
oarsmen are talking of having the four
oared shell, which has been reposing idly
In the boathouse for a long time, can
vased over fore and: aft, fitted with out
riggers and put into thorough order.
Several members of the Dolphin, Ariel
and Olympic clubs will take part In the
aquatic entertainment to be' given on.Oc
tober 20 In aid of;the relief fund of the
Native Sons of the Golden- West at the
Sutro Baths. There will be canoe races,
fancy single sculling bjr A. W. Pape,
swimming, fancy and high diving, a water
polo game and other diversions in. on and
out of the water. > ....
An advocate of. a distinct coinage for
Canada suggests that" we mint three gold
coins— one to be called the royal beaver,
the other the beaver and the third a half
beaver. This, idea seems to be borrowed
from the eagle of the United States. But
the eagle is popular, and, beaver -or- no
beaver, Canadians would still count " by
the dollar.— Toronto Mail and Empire.
' ' '. — ' ? '
. If, in proportion tp his size, a man had
muscles like a- flea he could hick a book
agent seven miles- >. ¦ l '!>y"'<
OARSMEN READY FOR WINTER DIVERSIONS
THE Corinthian Yacht Club fleet
palled Into the upper bay yesterday
afternoon and came to anchor in
r Paradise Cove, where a bonfire was
built, around which the yachtsmen
gathered for clam chowder and other
good things. Song and story served to
while away the hours until early morn
ing. To-day will be spent at ease on
Ehore. and if enough small boats should
be on hand the regatta committee may
lay out a course and set the mosquito
fleet racing.
Last night several yachts of the San
FranciBCO and California clubs made Val
lejo. this being the last cruise to Mare
Island during the present season. To-day
the San Francisco fleet will return to Sau-
Fallto, and the California yachts to their
moorings in Oakland Creek. Next Satur
day the California fleet will cruise over
to gausallto, where there will be a recep
tion in the Ban Francisco Yacht Club
house. On the following day the two
fleets will cruise in company outside the
Heads. Next Saturday and Sunday are
open on the Corinthian programme.
A pleasant outside cruise was enjoyed
last Sunday by a goodly number of yachts
of the Corinthian and San Francisco fleet.
The following Corinthian yachts cruised
beyond the Heads, eome of them going
nearly as far as the lightship: The sloops
Edna, Amlgo, Ariel, Truant, Emma, Ge
nesta, Freda. Aeolus, Queen and Mignon,
and the yawls Spray and Arcturus. The
sloop Speedwell went out farthest," sailing
around the lightship. The yachts encoun
tered a long ocean 'swell, but had smooth
water and a good breeze.
Th« South Bay Yacht Club continues
the season longer than any of the clubs
near San Francisco. Next Sunday the
yachts will start at 9 In the morning from
Alviso for a cruise about the bay. . On
October 20 there will be a clambake, to
which ladles will be invited, at the draw
bridge. •*
At a meeting of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association, held last Wednesday
evening, the regatta committee submit
ted its report of the annual races held on
Admission day, which was accepted, and
the Macdonough and Law cups, the prize
flags and certificates were awarded ac
cordingly.
Charles L. Fair's gasoline launch Lu
cero, which is on the roll of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, and has been lying dur
ing the season in Rlchardsons Bay, re
cently has been taken to the Cordelia
Slough .and moored near, her owner's ark
for the duck-shooting season.
Quail will be found plentiful in the hills
near Glenwood and . Laurel. Also In the
old 'logging woods above Boulder Creek.
- Also In the hills back of Felton and Ben
v Lomond. Not in many years have quail
- been bo plentiful in this county. One can
see a large covey almost anywhere along
any of the vineyards or roads. They have
bred well and have not been molested dur
ing the past closed 'season.'
Len D: Owens has leased the shooting
privileges of the famous -Pringle - ponds,
from which some of the best bags have
been secured for some years past by Ot
to Feudner and others. .
The members of the Field and Tule Club
who have signified their intention of be
ing present on opening day are: A. M.
Shields, H. B. Hosmert'Dr. A. M. Derby,
H. L.- Miller, A. M. Cumming, DaUorv
Harrison. C; C. McMahon, F. H.BuKh
nell, Achille Roos, A. F. Hopke and J. J.
"Winner. : -
John Coleman is still at Webber Lake,
where he expects to remain until late in
October. • '. -
Fred Johnson and some friends have
leased grounds near Antioch* for a pre
serve. • ¦ , .
The members of the Spooney Gun Club
have fine new .quarters at Mount Eden.
The club is made up of L. R. L.arzalere,
Phil Bekeart, Harvey McMurchy, Rod
Gulatt, George Morse and Felix Hoendorf.
The clubhouse is spacious and comfort
able. On the ponds are seven large shoot
ing stands and two small ones.
There are a number of new clubs about
Alviso. Birds' are reported plentiful and
good sport Is expected Tuesday. .
W. R. Welsh, Fish and Game Warden
of Santa Cruz County, writes from Soquel
under date of the 24tb inst. : ...•
shooting on one of the best preserves in,
the State. .' .'¦¦ -\- :'.''
CORINTHIAN YACHTSMEN ENJOY A REVEL
ON MOONLIT SHORES OF PARADISE COVE
.J<~ <¦• X Tuesday, under the -law, the
1 ¦"¦: 1- clbse. season for ducks and quail
1 I ends in the majority of counties.
Sportsmen have been making
: their preparations for weeks in
anticipation of the opening of the season
and all predict great shooting.
It is many years since quail have been
so numerous. In fact farmers are com
plaining of the damage they are doiiis
growing crops and are eagerly awaiting
the arrival of the men who will thin out
this most beautiful of game birds. Sev
eral reasons are offered for the marked
increase of the birds this year. Chief of
these is the fact that all the conditions
for breeding were good. Again they have
been •well preserved. This also holds good
of ducks as there has been an unusual
observance of the close season. A strong
sentiment in favor of the close season,
quickened in part by the arrest of some
violators, has strengthened this observ
ance.
Quail are to be fcund in great numbers
in San Benito, Monterey, Sacramento, San
*Joaquin and Mann counties, while Ihe
Suisun marshes are full of ducks. The
season for quail in Mann County will not
open until October 15, under a county
ordinance. The members of the Tamal
pais Sportsmen's Club have petitioned the
Supervisors to amend their ordinance
relative to the killing of quail and make It
conform to the State law.
Over in Alameda County the season for
quail will not open until November 1. Sec
tion 3 of an ordinance there reads:
Every person who. in the county of Ala
meda, State of California, between the 1st
day of February and the 1st day of Jfo
vember in each year, shall hunt, kill or
destroy or have in his possession any val
ley quail, bob white* or partridge, shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor.
Herman Oelrichs has acquired the pre
serve of the Tule Belle Club near Cor
delia. He and such Quests as he may wish
to entertain will thus have the excluHiva
The number of shooting clubs having
well kept preserves has greatly increased
since laBt season. New shooting boxes
have been built and old ones remodeled
on the majority of preserves. '¦*,"'.'
The opponents to these views' say noth
ing is gained by the season ] being open
during February, as the canvasbacks by
that time, although unusually numerous,
are not edible, having taken to- salt water,
which destroys their flavor.
They affirm that October is too early,
as the canvasbacks do not begin to ar-r
rive- until the end of the month, being the
last species of birds to come down from
the north. It is also held that October be
ing a comparatively warm month birds
spoil before they reach the table. . . i
There is a general discussion going on
regarding the close season for ducks. The
law fixes it from October 1' to February
X. Some sportsmen ¦ hold that it should
open and close a month later. .;
The State law fixes a bag limit of fifty,
ducks and twenty-five quaij. The latter
cannot be sold in market. The law Is
strict as to the bap. A- man cannot hava
more than fifty in his possession in any
pne day. He cannot bring home a bag
gathered in two days" shooting which ex
ceeds, the game limit, nor can. he bring
birds shot by a friend if the total is
more than fifty. In shipping by express
the name and address of the shipper must
be attached and the birds packed "in
open view." Birds shipped "in a sack are
accepted as complying ¦with the latter pro
vision. The express companies are strict
in their observance of the laws and de
cline to ship any illegal game.
Sportsmen Who Enjoy d Day on Marsh) and Upland Anticipate Good
: : Returns on Tuesday Wfoen the State Law Permits the Shooting of
s^wnd Fowl in the Majority of Counties — Clubs rjav.e Shooting Lodges
DUCKS A ND QUAIL PLENTIFUL,
THUS PROMISING GOOD SPORT
The Santa Cruz Country /Club cricket
eleven having played all Its ..scheduled
matches for the season the; batting "and
bowling 1 averages have .been prepared.
\V. Howard has the highest batting aver-'
age, having; scored 79 in; three matches,
onco not' out, or an average of. 39.5 per
innings;, most in an innings, 41 not. out.
A. Jenkins, has made 125 runs in six
matches, ' once j not out, •. or ' an average of.
25 ¦¦ per innings, "and E. G."; Sloman , has
scored 51 runs in, two innings, "or, 25.5 per
innings. H. Bowley stands fourth, hav
ing j made 80 ¦ runs in four j innings, or , an
average of 20 per Innings. 'In bowling G.
L.- Dlcksbn stands ; at the ( head, having,
bowled 551 balls for 152 runs and 13 wtck
ets, or an average of 11.69. H. H. Cook-'
son is second,- having bowled jj 185 balls
for. 146 runs j and j 10 wickets, j or an aver r
age ' of -:14.6 ( per " wicket.' • "W. ; ¦ Howard ,13
third,. with 229 balls, 111 runs and 5 wick-
ets, giving an average of 22.2 per wicket.
As the -association requires that;a*mem T '
ber "of 'a'cbuntry, club; 1 to be eligible for
the batting andbowlins prizes 'offered by
CaDtaln' John Metcalfe, must have .taken
On the Webster street ground, Ala
meda, the Pacific team j will, to-day meet
the Alameda eleven for the. last time this
season. Next Sunday the Alameda eleven
will piny against the Sacramento "team
at Sacramento. .
ON THE CRICKET P.TCH.
The first competition for the new cham
pionship trophy for men at match play of
the San Rafael Golf Club was concluded
last Sunday, the trophy being won by R.
Gilman Brown. In the! seml-tlnal round,
played on the 21st lnst..,R. Gilman Brown
defeated J. J. Crooks two up on eighteen
holes, and C. P. Pomeroy beat R. J. Da
vis. one up. In the final round, over thir
ty-six" holes, on Sunday .last R. Gilman
Brown defeated C. P. Pomeroy twelve up
eleven to play. The competition was pro
ductive of isorni| excellent : play, "J. J.
Crooks making a round In 5, 4, 5, 4, .5, 6, 4,
4 and 5— total 42, the amateur record for
the San Rafael course. R. Oilman Brown's
record of 94 for eighteen holes Is also the
best amateur record on the Happy Valley
links. The trophy takes the place "of the
Council's cup and is contested for under
similar conditions. The 'winner' of any
competition for' the cup has his name,
with date, Inscribed upon it; and the cup
must.be won three times to. become the
permanent property of the winner.' ; ' ,.
. which some "of the contestants re
ceive handicaps so "liberal that the really
good( players are quite deprived of- a
chance of winning, has become too gen
eral. Individuals or married couples offer
prizes in turn until. the contests degen-.
erate Into a mere scuffle" for trophies arid
produce many of the same results as
euchre and bridge whist parties, which
Eome little time ago. became a byword in
the community. All sorts of- little tricks
are played to secure big handicaps, and
golf, instead of being a healthful recrea
tion and productive of a.' wholesome riv
alry, becomes a scramble for cupa, and
the links a pothunter's paradise. Many
golfers think that it^will be much better
to have medals for" club championship
contests, the winner, to receive a -replica
of so little intrinsic worth, that. it will be
valued - only as a memento of an honor
able victory, and not for its" price at" a
Jewelry store. '. "•;
MANY golfers are of the opinion that
the. practice of giving prizes for
little handicap golf contests, in
Opinion Is Voiced That
tb« Nurober Be Decreased
and Value, Raised. ' .
GOLFERS RAISE
PROTEST AGAINST
PRIZE CONTESTS
The freshmen are not a heavy lot, hut
they make up In speed and vigor what
ever they may lack In weight. Stlllman,
a cousin of the famous Stillman brothers
who played against each other on the
Harvard and j Yale elevens last year.'
seems to have the football Instinct that
apparently runs in the family. The Tar
pey brothers of Palo Alto, Van Cycle,
Sefton and- Fullback Dole,' brother of
Charley. Dole, a former halfback, are
showing good form. .
¦'¦ BERKELEY, Sept. 28.— California's
football men have settled down to the
heavy work which must precede the big
game, now less than two months away.
The first, second and freshmen elevens
are being matched against each other for
vigorous plays. Line-ups continue to
change for tryout purposes and to keep
the ; men from overwork. Among those
who play on the first eleven and their pu- \
sltlons are the following:
Gendottl, " center; Hendricks, right
guard; Hansen, right tackle; Womblo
(captain), right end; Stowe, left guard;
Albertson, left tackle: Dlbblee. left end;
More, quarter; "Whlpple,- right half ; Mini.
left half; Duden and Sherman, full.
Overall may play for full or a line posi
ttap. Williams does , good work on tn«
The men of the big eleven will assemble
at training table Monday at the College
Dining' Association rooms. No house for
the squad will be kept. The men will
lodge where they please, but their meals
will be taken together. Smoking haa long
since been stopped in the entire squad.
The track athletes are preparing for an
interclass meet to be- held on the cinder
path during the latter part of next month.
Behind the line Captain Fisher, Slaker,
Hill, "Pie" Smith, Parker, Allen, Raltt
and Bansbach form as good an aggrega
tion as Stanford has had to choose from
for several years. Slaker, Smith and
Fisher are fast; Hill is heavy and a good
punter, and at quarter Raltt and Bans
bach showed their ability in -the gams
last Thanksgiving day.
earnest, -about sixty men appearing
nightly in canvas and headgear. During
last week the men were engaged In punt
ing, catching, falling on the ball, running
through signals and developing speed and.
endurance. Two elevens of candidates for
the big team have been lining up dally
since Monday for a few minutes only
each afternoon, as the physical condition
of the men at present will not permit oC
hard practice. ' '
There are several candidates for nearly
every position. At center R. J. McFad
den '04, who played on last year's team;
C. D. Hauverman, tackle on the second,
eleven last year, and Carl Hayden, who
gave Lee a close rub for the position in
1899, are making an interesting fight.
Thompson . and Barnheisel, the star
guards on last year's second team, who
were considered by many the equals of
the big men, are out for their old posi
tions again. Horan,. who played on the
Lafayette eleven against Princeton. Cor
nell, Pennsylvania and other big teams,
has entered the race also and will un
doubtedly make the other candidates
work hard for the position. Traeger, who
won the last Thanksgiving game for
Stanford, is putting up his usual star
game at left tackle. Cooper, who won hla
"S" last fall, and Luck, substitute end
last year, are showing well. There will
be several freshmen in the race after th»
freshman game en October 19, notably
among them Sefton, who played end on
the Belmont School team last year.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 28.-
With the beginning of this week
- line-up and scrimmage "started In
Select- Proves Uousually
Good — Berkeley Gossip.
STANFORD MEN
ARE HOPEFUL OF
A STRONG TEAM
Material From Wbich to
part in at least four matches, or have
captured twelve wickets, G.'.L. Dlckson
Is the only. Santa Cruz bowler who has
fulfilled the' condition. Among ; the bats-.
mehiA." Jenkins, G. L. Dickson, 'j.'F.
Co'ope and P.T.D. Gellatly have played in
six: matches: A'. G. Sheath and A. 'For
tescue in five; H. Bowley in four, and .'
the rest in fewer fhan four.
The 'Veterans,' with .a score of -125, -
which might- easily ; have been increased,
went very near' winning their "match last
Sunday against the r Pacific team, which
scored only '136 runs. 'The Veterans went .-'
to the wicket first ! with: A. E. .Acklomi
and George Theobald, each ; scoring four/ 1
runs. ' R.'B.'Hogue . played a good Innings
of : 58 and the other, scores were as Jfol-;
lows: YVVard Sr.V' 12: J. Lowe, 1 ; * Captain
Wilding, 0;J. Roberts,' 2; H. W.' Brown'
EVERY year as the days become :
shorter- there" is a noticeable " de
crease in the attendance at the lo
. cal tennis courts. This year, the
contrary is the case, the courts being busy
from morning until y' night. • The park
courts have proved, an immense success.
It has become necessary to limit the time
of play of each match to one hour. It has
also . become necessary to build more
courts, and besides the five already down
three new ones are fast nearing compler
tion. • * - ; " '>¦'.'.'• \ i',' K \
Tennis players are watching the con
struction of these courts with considera
ble interest, 'as their success will mean a
considerable saving; in the building ¦ of
courts in - the future". ' These courts differ
from the ones already in use in that they
are being packed with oil. If properly
oiled and rolled these •courts should be as
fast and true as asphalt courts, and the
wear and* tear on balls and shoes would be
greatly lessened. If the. oil does not prove
to 'be ..slippery I' the -other courts in the
park- will be built on this plan. Oiled
courts would require but little care, and in
wet weather would, dry in a short time."
Should'these courtsprove satisfactory" in
every,, way the, expense of building tennis
courts would be cut down to. about one
fifth of what it is at the present time. .
Several ladles who put in their morn
ings on the park courts have been at
tracting considerable attention of late.
These ladies— three in number — play fully
as well as the best ladles in the Califor
nia Tennis Club, and have a much -better
style than the latter. Their serving • and
ground strokes are accurate . and possess
a great deal of speed. •
Muchlbetter results would be obtained
on the park.' courts if . the players i were
given lockers and' shower baths, j In play-
Ing tennis light clothes should be worn,
and unless they, are the game cannot be
played as it should be. , • ¦ '¦' • -V ¦
¦The tournaments held recently at Con
gress Springs brought out some good ten
nis," particularly on -the part of. the Santa
Clara men. The best players in the coun
ty are Warburton and Fatjo .of Santa
Clara" and Coolldge 'and Sneider of San
Jose: These men. are all improving rap
idly and play, a- strong game. They play
fully as, Well as the best of the local third
class meh.'Vand in another year. the v men
of tho second class will find them hard to
beat. , Doubles ' is their forte. They .are
much more skillful in this form of the
game than in singles.* .What they: lack is
experience and practice with .-superior
players* '. * £
• The newly elected officers of the Cali
fornia Tennis 'Club,' installed yesterday,
promise gi eat things, and it is. to be' hoped
theywill live up to this promise. '
Sb^Grcdt; Is ttye Dcrrjand
on ; Tbem : Tbat Play' Is
Limited to One Hour.
TENNIS COURTS
IN THE PARK
ARE A SUCCESS
and C. Banner, 10-. • Twenty-one extras
brought the" total up to 125. "Miller bowled
84 .balls for '42; runs and 3 wickets: Har
bour bowled ) 56 balls . f or ; 20 runa .' and 3
wickets, while Sandilands, Bennion and
Sollom" captured one each. ; :¦ ;
• The Pacifies opened i their innings < with
A. . W. Wilding, who scored 10, and W.
Petherick, who made 7. -^The/top
was T. J: A. Tiedemann, 33.V the other
scores Being • as follows : J. { H. Harbour,
5: F.- A. Bennion,- 9; J. - J. Theobald. 13;
L. H. . Sandilands, 7; V. P. Sqllom, ,7, P.-
Mlller, 18; Bert Theobald, 13, ;V "and W.
Henderson, 2. "R..JB. Hogue took; 4 wick
ets for 16 runs; C. Banner, 3 for 54: while
-.Ward Sr.;" J.'Low and A. E. Acklpm cap
tured-one. apiece. : The : total for' the In-.
> nirigs was - 136, of which 7 were : extras.
: >.-,:¦-¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ y ¦ •¦ "¦.:•¦ «;•
4; A. -E. Aitken, 6; J. M. Robertson, .4,'
Several errors in "guarding" added con
fusion and marred what would otherwise
have been a good day's sport.
Under the watchful eye of Trainer
James Sweeney, Rocker, Rural Artist and
Real .Article have rounded into fine form,
and it .will not surprise the St. Louis en
thusiasts if these California greyhounds
are In for final honors in the big "Water
loo. . ¦ ' . .
John Grace, the premier coursing judge
of will judge this, and Eastern
followers in coursing will; be able to see.
the man who stands at the head In this
particular In action.. Judge Grace leaves,
for St. Louis to-morrow. ,
1 1 "* HE principal events on . the pro
. I gramme of the St. Louis coursing
•*• carnival have not yet been, reached,
. but already the cry against Califor
nia hounds has been heard. . Not that the
coursers from the coast are not welcome,
for the Missouri officials have admitted
that the entering of the fast dogs frdm
the /'.homo of coursing in America has
given the big stake great' prestige. In
acknowledging the worth, and the stand
ing of the invaders the owners of dogs in
the Middle States feel that their nomina
tions should be allowed some sort of
handicap in' competing' with the superior
greyhounds from the" West. A suggestion
that a special stake" for California hounds
be drawn was cried down, because, as
some: one saii, California dogs would
carry. away 1 enough, and if special events
were in order' they might be'made conso
lation: stakes, in which the home dog
could at least have a chance.
The Judging at St. Louis, has been far
from satisfactory. " From criticisms pub
lished in the papers it has detracted from
the pleasure of the meeting. In comment
ing on the decisions one writer says:
,] It "is not- easy to Judge a course from the
stand, hence criticism of a Judge by the spec
tators is not .always well taken. Yet Judge
Smith made such poor' use of his horse that it
seemed he might as well be in the stand as on
the field. ;•
In : the course between and imp.
Swansea he staxtlad the spectators by hoist
ing the white fla«r. for Swansea t when it was'
apparent that. Turquoise, on the red, had won.
General Manager .Benson .p^ the Pastime Cours
ing 'Clu^. .rushed ;" across the field, and after a
talk with the Judge the rod "flag was raised and
Turquoise declared ?£ the winner. Turquoise
clearly won. but once a flag goes up it should
stay, according: 'to. the rules. ' T Mr. Benson ex
plained that he (called ; the judge's attention to
I the fact 'that the' wrong flag had-. been hoisted
] and. asked him which dog had won. v Mr. Ben
son said the- Judge pointed to Turquoise, . and he
"advised him. to hoist the red flag, which he= did.
Mr. Curran, who owns Swansea, admitted 7 his
dog was beaten, but claimed his rights under
, the. rules, ', . • \ •'¦•. - .
PREDICT VICTORY
FOR THE HOUNDS
FROM CALIFORNIA
St. Louis teashmer) Aware
of the Great Clevernlss
of .Our Coursing Dogs
Characteristic Scenes on the Field arid Tule Club Preserve, Cordelia, at Close of Last Season.
". r : ».'.,._•;¦;.¦;• FROM PHOTOGRAPH S BY W. J. STREET.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
READY FOR THE OPENING OF THE
SHOOTING SEASON
9Blnc« th«» IMh of M.iirh lni<t thr roynl
rim of ISdwnnl VII linn in mi unlim um ftiMt
n« FtrnUKT ntiil trnlh ««inild tuny lilm
from ntip to Himlliir of 1li" ki*«'hI rninnlnl
cltlPB of hli* latlni> i-tn|ilri>.
Itln toyul yacht, tin* Ophlr, Menmcd Intn
th* Bt. ]*«tsrrnop Junt tiftnr tho Khoottn*
of the PrcKldrnt. nn<l In tlii» mirtow iiml
terror of that tlm»» \\\<? ruynl ptiRi'iuit on
ih<' other plilo of thn Cunudtnu ImnliT
parnpd atmo*t unnutircd by tho pnporB
and people of th«» United Hint<-K.
It li a tour of thn niiiish «>mplro that
the «on of tin- KitiK >¦« mnkttiK. mul In- In
therefore confln««d to hla own t<<rrltorlo«
and will In nil probnblllty nut onrn aet
foot on American noil, ulthough to-nun
row hei will bo In plain rIkIU of It an he
iimrii across from Vancouver to Vic
toria.
It takf* aomfthlnfr of a brave mnn to
be a Klnr in thnan tlmrs, notwithKtandJnir
Carlyle's statrmnU that with KrederlcK
the CJrfat died thn tradft of Klne. Thn
Dul:f of York did not fmr to «hnk« handH
with throe thousand men In on« dny, whtlA
McKlni«y lay In mortal aRony oh tha rn
mlt of a elmllur rxperlonge.
Hut I'vm If tin' Duke wait Imivo thn I)o>
minion Oo\'ernment did nut enre to Imperil
th« life of their v.i. ui nu.m, and 00
planned tho grcatnt trorkwalklnu fiat
that has been vocn on earth. l«|*ry
•witch from Quebeo to Vancouvcr^rmi
aptked In its place. noun beforo the ruynl
train wai expected, and the guardu upon
the. line of track are so placed that eacn.
on« of them can aee tho man on 'either
tide of him with hti flag by day and hit
lantern by night, and every rail of the
track U coantantly under their eyea, while
bundrada of auperlntcndcnta are over
TEN THOUBAND men stand lined
•cross the American continent from
the Atlantic's tide limit at Quebeo
lo tli*» sherti of th«» 1'aclnn at Van
eouver. Their duty It* to kepp their
tyt* upon ?wry foot of (he Canadian !•«•
olflo Itatlway, over which is flying thn
wheeled palure of their Hnynt KitthnpHnei*
ihn iMiUn end I'm li>"» of Cornwall and
York, on their empire tour of thn Hrlttah
dominions.
By Morrison Plxley.
Th« mont fciwutm'ulMr tVntureir ef the
trln'wme the gfltahmtlonirnf. Ceylon, p»pe«
'nlally thtma tit Kandy. where revival of
the old foHttvHlH of i\w King* or Kftndy
'wan Htven liy QlnftftlPHi* Mutorw, who hnrt
a'ntuff«d wliiti' «'!t.|iiiiuii. itntl Hfly live »>lo
jiiuiniM lit iv uroofH^lun, whlt'h look iiluc©
on i» Mnitinlny nvenlnB. On ihn I'.illuwiiut
Huiiilny the I MiWo vlMltml ilm 'Uotunieiil
OnnliMis in Hi lh" nii'ri'liimlH of Uumly j»rn«
Pi'iiti'tl I lie (jri'ttl iiiiui wtlli a Pllvni' lino
littid with an Klnmy liiuiilln With Whloh lift
pliuiti'il u ciumnii-lmll XVptt H Im uiu-.t
tiiln whni .manner of'trta thnt mity be,
but tt wax certainly a Httiklng atlcffury.
KIiikhihii'i'. tlml Mtnmr.i* nmrlu't of tlio
Cant, whloh 1m no tnun'M home.' and la «l
tnoat a city without, a 'country, was the
next Rtop.; lloro the Dukn hail a utrlklng
llluntratloh of tha bffcet nf unrestrained'
trmln as a Btlmulua'qf urban growth. Ths
plt<! of BlnRtiporo wan bought from the
Bultan of Johoro in 1824 by Blr Btamfonl
Hatlloa for -twelve*/ thousand pounds and
an annual rental of, five thoiiBundpounOn.
It la but a camp of thfl army, of : trade.
There tha Englliih, Dutch, . Portuuueae,
Chlncser' Indians, French,, Germans und
Americans mnet In freo market, buy 1 and
, pell with each other and go their way».
Nona llva there for pleaaure; none call It
i their, country or home, yet: tt U,to-dny
one., of ; the. great trading cities of* the
East, with only Manila for Its rival, -'7 V
. From Blnarapor* ' thg Ov>hlr *tfi«m«»d
away to th« .great' Australasian <fmplr«
i that wall! tha Bouth Taclflo,, reaching
, Melbourne on thn Oth of May, wnd thent'fl
•' tho ' royal party ' visit «d In turn Hrlnlxi n«,
Hytl noy , Auckland, ; Wellington, \ I itinmll n ,
lloburt, Tasmania; and Adelaide, arriving
• t the Utter; plftc* on the flth of; July.
; ¦ From Auntnvlla tho Ophlr •tcwniPd dl>
• rcctly nntftKs tho , Indian Oc^an, reaching
' Maurltlui ontthaUh'of Auguit.f Thence
' to 'Natal' and . to Capetown,* arriving at
tho latter place on the 10th of August. • \
, v'From Bouth Africa ,tho Ophlr went ,,by
way of 8t. ' 1 IMena to : Cnnnda. Bh» ¦ wm
first sighted from; Bt.. Vincent on tho 4th
of September and ten days later arrived
Rnglnnd's dominion In 1 Pharaoh land, A
Mtop vvmn iuihIm hi Aden, und on the 13th
of April Colombo whs reached, .
No comfort wan ton much, no iplendor
too great to bo IttvUhud on the floating
imperial painty that woo to b« hla homo
for more than half a year, '.When the
Ophlr weighed anchor at Portimouth »h«
witM iiiilMliKit unit furnlaJmd as no iothor
i.tilp Iimh iv. t been bofor*.^ Ev»irythlnir
on bonrd of her wm lirltloh frmn bottom
of k«ol to top of matt. It Utha inten
tion of tSnglinh deBifneri > to mark th«
ri.i of tho in'*/ ruler with Its own pe
culiar itylt of interior archltocturo, fur-v
Traveling is hard 'work, but whero one
muni for hIk months Impersonate royalty
«lny after, day, Koup looking llkn uldng
ull thn tlmo und Jill the, public, eyo with
tlm personal grandeur > it /demands-' if in
a bard strain on even a royal constitution
Bnd iIkoi-k. Tho DiiKk went, forth an thu
living symbol of imperial; unity, thn bond
that unltHs.ull the, KnglUh-speaklnu p^o
pie of tlm I'ltrtlt, xxi't'i'HiK.', of imiiiix', our
intffhty nl» llimiH hi'Ivch. ¦ ¦ ,
Tlm trip wuh Hrst planned while Vic
toria wan yil ullvo and In her unual
health, It lirhiR her %\ IhIi that her'fa
vorite Ki'amiHiiii nhould with hlB^own
?¦urn hear thn Hrlilnh drumbeats roll
tiruund th« world an they ¦ound reveille
to tin- iImIiih HUH,
them,, to *ee that they do not full on their
vvHtrli.-M, To«tlny undk (ill tO-ntght tlin
train will !••« iiihliliiu iImuhkIi \\\» wild
iiahnt-H of tii«' Itocky MountiiiiiH tind the
#\vn rnor** prf»ctpltous Hplklrk HwnBe,
with Nitiim-HW'tiHiii floods fur below' it and
tlm vmiii'U Of ll'll ri|llllin«<liitl Ntnrnt Htill
iiMiiuliiiK ovpr tho Kliminy KurKni*.
To-morrow, \t\wn the heir appiirfnt to
Mi'UliMurn Ilium.' p.'Im foot On Iho Aintii-.
ii-uii ulior^H of thn I'lH-iit.-, will murk
thn llmli of w. Journey that hit* lasted
for six month* without lulnnnlnnloii, nn«1
Hilll ilti'ii* Iw ninny n Iniii'ly IkI«< and VnHl
wldi* In ml tif r.iiKlu mi's n-alin which lid
llHH tiOt BPPI1. V
A tour of Aha Hiltinh eniptre mpuns a
trip around tlm world with many slff«
sa»tn ami doubling. As moiit of tn«
iloinlnliiiiH of IMwiikI VII urn i«<ii wiiKhmt
tlm notirp trip wnn madnon thn fippclnlly
llttnl royal yacht Ophlr. excepting the
run from Quebec to Victoria und bank,
which wiih iut.ojiiiIIhIhmI in a Hpecially
built roytil palurn train.
At Malta tlm Ophlr mudo her next ntop.i
and hero, too, her' convoy of gunboats
which* had escorted hnr' from England
wasclinnsfld for the other, war vessels
which with to mako tho ,' long ' Eastern .
tour., There nre many* men-of-war which
make Multn. their headquarters, when on
the Medltorranoun station, and on the
evening of the.Ophlr's arrival they, gave
u grand water carnival which wn* a nov- 1
fit y . in iti ¦ conception. ' The sttuim • pln>
nnif b of the different war vessels liart
each built upon them^ooloiisal utruotures
of framework covered with muslin * and;
painted\ to represent ; grotQnque ' birds and
animals. These were v Illuminated from '
within , and sent • In > a . long, , pumng ' and
snorting column in review past the Ophlr,
much tit the delight of the royal guests
and the mystification of the ¦, uninitiated.
8uea\was' reached^ March 30, and; a ahort
trip taken into £«gypt to point the f aot of
No lean attention wan glvon to theTCe>
Ulilri Wllli'll Ctimllli'nt tO till! t'h,|il,VII»»Mltrt
ofstho table, mid the onlHrhtir ejwenl ¦. on
from week to wj»ek when fur at *«m,' tin*
iiitiuiii'rcii Uy the fuGt - that ..fresh VfiBf*
luliti'H, frtlllM ami civitin, iiniillry, i'!>«a
nm! jim-iHlmlili! ilii!nllt'f« worn tlnmi»amlrt
<>r mlli't* ntTiiKH thn brine. Ooltl htiinmn
of - unusual capacity was provided for iho
UiMplniv of nil. null m» I'vrn iiu the long
trip itcroHH tlit* . iiiillnu Ocean the tahlo
WU hh bountifully ruipi>lli'ii a* though Itt
the midst of un WiibI|hIj estate,.
Portsmouth was lcft v by th« Ophlr on
tlm Itith nf Mnruh. Him had boun preceded
by "1\ and'O.V vessels, which .carried
correspondents nml artists who were de«
poglted ut tho diftorent ports whoro the
royul ynoht . would . call, Her llrHt stop
was made at OlbruHar,. whore the Duke
Inspected the now works for mounting
the long-range guus: which have been aot
up to oppose, and In time of war alienee,
th« n«w uuna whlclp the Spanish had
mounted in such a way as* to seriously
threaten the impregnable fortress of Gib*
l altar.
nltur« ana" afwgns of enrpotry, porcelain
and tillvtir, In eonionunce with thlw th«
furnishing* of the ,Qphir are of ti *tylt>
of th*»lp own and motion tor wlint In to
come, a- • v: 1
Cimtlmui) nn P«r* TwiWl.
it Quebec, accompanied by It. M. 8. Du
dem, Niobe, Tribune, Indefatigable and
Quail. . ¦>•'•
The reception of the Duke in the very
heart of French Canada waa enthusiastic.
At one place 750 school children were so
costumed and pluccd on a parade ground
as to form the design of an Immense
union jack, muklng a- beautiful and lm
prosslve plctute.
in Montreal his Highness made an ad
dre»« in French to the' audience, who
went wild, with enthusiasm at the compli
ment thus imlil to the language which
they have. so Jealously pr«u«rved In Its
-fc^Uent^ purity.
At Ottawa a novet entertainment lud
been provided by the building- of a tare*
Indian canoe manned with voyanueri and
Indians, and in thin his Highness and
party ahot the rapids without a tremor oC
fear.
The rolling paUcs In which the Ion* trip
across th* continent and back! U being
maiti) U a marvel of railway accomplish*
ment. It was planned by tho president of
tha 'Canadian Factilo Railway, Thomas
Shaugnenay. who learned hla railroading
In the United States as an official of the
8t. Paul line. For his great achievement
in planning tho successful tour h» was
knighted and la now Blr Thomaa Bhaug*
nessy. f \
The royal train as It. cams from the •
shops was 730 feet In length, and weighed
S05 tons. It consists of the day coach
Cornwall and the night coach York (or
¦ - ' t ¦¦• , - ¦ ¦¦_¦¦•
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE
VISIT OF
THE
DUKE OF
CRONWALL
TO AMERICAHis people obey, him. - He will order them
to be friendly with the white j men and
not * injure the j telegraph. He would , like
to' see Big Captain, but must return to
his f. tribe and cannot go to ' San - Fran
cisco." •; /, ¦ - ¦¦"¦ .'-','- • ' ¦ '• ¦••- . ¦
On receipt of this message General Car
pentier, - : president^ of '. the sent
Sho-kup ' several' friendly v messages ;and
was. maintained! throughout /vas also in
a measure, due to an order Issued at the
start that any man of the expedition get
ting into trouble with the Indians, or
their sciuaws, would be Immediately dis
missed from the service, and i«us rule
was s»trictly enforced.
"Besides our general kindness, several in
cidents occurred ' that made the ' Indians
think • that ¦: "th-e wire • express" ¦ was dis
tinctly a spirit to be tampered with only
She first Message.
dows of the office were open, "and '; of
course every one: of them; was street deep
with awe-inspired observers, r^otlcing'the
sea of heads curiously expectant. I pur
posely acted as mysteriously as possible.
Kvery tlpie the Instrument . clicked there
was a hushed buzz of concentrated won
der. I had just received the: first message
from San Francisco, copied 'It and placed
It In an envelope. On seeing me do .this
my audience thought that I was preparing
a message on magic paper and getting
ready to presto change it ¦ by the . spirits
of the wire to San Francisco. .
; ' Instead of giving the telegram to the
boy for. delivery I purposely took it with
a great gesticulation and held it under
the table ,ou* of sight. Then I assumed
a thcatrlca! pose.. stared at the wire over
head, waved with my right" hand and be
gan" to work the key." , !
The buzz at the window increased' to a
murmur and then passed to an excited
roar from those who could not see,- but
knew that the spirits were about to work.
In a second the crowd knew as one. man
that a yellow envelope with the message
was about-to-be sent over. the ¦•wire." Only
an instant and the ; windows were vacant
—everybody was tumbling over his neigh
bor to get a look at the phenomenon of a
yellow envelope flying over the wires that
left the side of the building. <
There was an expectant hush. Th«n
somebody yelled: -
"There she goes!"
"No, ebe didn't. I've had my ey© on
that wire for ten minutes." ,
A. second, of silence and , the burst of
laughter from .the inside of the office tola
| them ' that there was'ajoko; somewhere,
and the show was either over or had not
'begun.'
As. they had- failed : . to- see the message
pats along the v;ire their second supposl
t'.rn was that the. wire must be hollow
and the envelope . had been> rolled up un
der the table and shot , through to San
Francisco. Everybody wanted to look at
• the end of -the wire, and after finding that
their second guess was wrong they gave
it tip... .. ;
There was only, one solution. The tele-
. graph was" an enchanted spirit of some
kind. I I was a Wizard. The whole thing
was uncanny. It might blow, up at any
. minute, and the best thing to do was to
keep away f rom - something that no on©
; could understand and no one could ex
plain. ' * '¦'.' ' ¦;»; ., '. .
¦ . This was California in 1853. . ' ; V .
After finishing at San Jose we made ar
.rangements to push the work on to Stock-'
' ton. ' I found that tho wire for. this, next
run was larger, than that used before and
would not work so well on our reel. Thai
first day we were able to make only thre^.
miles, and'I decided to return to San Joee,
and have some alterations ' made in the'
mechanical part of our wagon. That night -
we had stopped at the house of a farmer
-who had left the Eastern States before
the advent of the telegraph. He was very
much taken with the possibilities of; tel
egraphy and .would like to . believe' ln'lt,
but according to his mind It was lrhpossl- "
ble and that was all there was about 1 It. '•
To convince him I clicked: off. a message
undertake so vast an enterprise •without
the aid of the Government It was not
only a question of building the line, but
the matter of maintenance after comple
'tionjiad to be considered.. .
A blil finally passed Congress appro
priating: $40,000 a year for ten years to
ward the construction and maintenance
of a line of telegraph between the Atlan
tic and the Pacific States. 1 The contract
for building the line was awarded to the
."Western J Union Company, , who put \ In a
bid at* the maximum price fixed by Con
gress, the bid to go In Hiram Slbley's
name, but If successful all the California
lines so disposed were toshare in ths
benefits.' Other companies had made bids
but withdrew 'before the time to put up
the necessary bonds. . . • -
The parties whom Mr. Sibley represent
ed1 met at Rochester, ; N. Y.," and agreed
that If all tho California lines would con
solidate they should have the construction
of the line from Bait Lake to the Pacific
connection, ; while . th© Western Union .
should build from Salt Lake to the east
ern connection.'. It >as also agreed j that
:the' California 'and general subsidies,' to
gether with the receipts, should bejfllvid-/
ed equitably between them.' .;.' ' . »
7 V in the fall; of th« same year, 1860, J.'H.
Wade, the-, representative of the Western .
Union Company,- came to California to
complete arrangements for the commence- ¦
ment of the great work. ¦;¦ He -brought the
matter befpre the severar companies' then \
In operation on the Pacific Coast,- p'rdpos- ''
ing"to : them'k'plan-of consolidation of all*
their lines, which was immediately car
¦ ¦--..• ... , ¦ ¦ •
arrival, and I soon had it prepared for
business. The word was paesed around
rby the natives that something remarkable
was going on and the street was soon
tilled with open-mouthed miracle-seekers.
'i'i-.tt *la>- vi.i so hot that all the win-
cfSce was fitted up the. day after our
PROBABLY no line of the samo
ler.gth in the world made so much
money as the old California State
Telegraph Company nor was any
line of so much practical utility as
i the first wire stretched across the conrl
ptnt. I had the honor to assist in tfca
making cf both.
'.t was in 1SC2 that Messrs. Allen and
Burnham obtained from the Legislature
of California a franchise giving them lha
right to operate a line between San Fran
cisco and Marysville, via San Jose. Stock
ton and Sacramento, for a term of fifteen
years. For the right to be exclusive it
was necessary that the line should be
1 completed by the first of November, 1S33.
- * -\V. B. Ransom was appointed superin
. ttndent and W. M. Rockwell, for many.
years after a prominent hardware mer
chant of San Francisco, had the contract
for the construction of the line.
. I had Just returned to Sacramento from
• the mines and by accident met Mr. Ban
. -com.- He learned from my conversation.
. that I was a practical telegrapher and,
asked me to take charge of the men em«
. ployed to string the wires. It was to be?
' a. rush job from the start, for the 1st of
ijovember was not far away and unie«3
. the line was in operation by that tlmei
th« franchise would not hold good.
I found the pole-setters were already
many miles in advance and there was no
* time to be lost. There w*re five men lit
" iny party besides myself. Our, means o<
transportation consisted of the running
gear of a wagon on which were place«l
loose board* enough to hold our meagei
outfit — a coftee-pot, small sheet-Iron boil
er, tin plates, tin cups, knives, forks and
blankets. This wagon served the furthei
purpose of carrying the reel and running
out the wire.
It was then the 23d of September, 1S53.
In Jess than six weeks we must have com
pleted and In operation over two hundred,
miles of line. It was high pressure work
light from the start.
On the first day we strung up about
three miles of wire. The next day. ws
commenced ct daylight, worked untij
dark and managed to get six miles mor<3
In srood shape. \ So interested ha'd w<
been in our labors that as night closed In
we found we were lost We had no tent
with as and during the day having noticed
- jx. squatter's cabin had decided to p.i?9
the night with him. A heavy fog .rolled
in with the darkness and the cabin Had
disappeared, as If by magic. After seeJc
ln* for it in vain we gave up the search
and set about to prepare supper. Then it
was that <ine cf the party In hunting fo»
firewood stumbled right on the cabin thai
had been almost under our noses all
the time. That cabin was one of th3,
brightest epots in all tnose six weeks of
hard work. ¦
At that time there, was no eight-hour
law and, as our beds were generally made
on "the -soft . Bide of a plank" It was
almost ¦ easier to work than to sleep. We
sent the line along at the good rate of
from five to seven miles a day. On the
fifth day out we had reached a point near
what is ; now Belmont, and the site of
what was afterward noted as the Ralston
mansion. ¦¦..'•,.. . . .- ¦ .
Here the first. attempt was euccessfully
made to open up communication by tele
graph with San Francisco. On testing
the line I found a good current coming
from the San Francisco batteries. I con
nected my instruments and placed myself
In direct communication with that office,
then located in the Old City Hall, which
is now replaced by the Hall of Justice.
This was the first message ever trans
mitted on the Pacific Coast over a tele
ercpn line.
After this the line was used every night
to report the progress of work.
The native population were wonder
struck and overwhelmed with curiosity
et the construction of the line. They ex
amined the poles, looked at the wire,
and then the wise beads, after noting the
cross-trees, decided that the' Inventive
Yankees were fencing in the whole coun
try with crosses to keep the devil out
Finally we reached San Jose and there
established the first regular station. Tho
£y James Cjamble.
Mr. Gambl? has written especially
for The Sunday "Call an account of the
building of these two lines that laid
the cornerstone of the prosperity oi
this State. What he has to say is no r .
merely interesting rs a recital of ad
venture, and enterprise, but, coming
from such a source, it is history.
In 1861 he h?.d control of the
building of the transcontinental line
between Carson City end Salt Lak:
that" connected the Golden West with
the Far East and bound California by
cords of steel to the heart of the
Union. This work was commenced on
the 27th cf May, 1881, and on the
24th cf October pf the same year,
barely five months later, the firs 1 ,
message Tras clicked over the wire.
This was California's first stsp in the
remarkable growth that she has since
attained.
In the beginning the position cf
malinger meant active service in tha
field end not chair and d?sk duty in
an cfCcc. JTr. Gamble had direct
charge of the party thctctrctched thj
first wires in California. Many a
right he slept on the "soft side of a
plank" after having worked fro'n
dawn until dark, but he pot the Caji
fomia line up and in working ord :t
between San Francisco, San Jos*>,
Stockton, Sacramento and Marysvih-i
in the incredibly short timo of sW
weeks r.nd sived a valuibls franchise
for his company as well. That was ir
1853. " -
%JS B. -TAMES GAMBLE hold-*
//y(\ the distinjpiishcd honor oC
« *& V> Laving been the firstrannager
end superintendent of the first tsle-
Piaph lire built in California. Ha
also occupied the same position when
later the great transcontinental lin»
was constructed.
rlcd out. The different, companies agreed
to consolidate with i le California State
Telegraph Company and to create a new
company called tne Overland Telegraph
Company,, with a capital stock of $1,250,000,
to complete a bne from San Francisco to
Salt Lake. This company, on the complo
tlon of the line, was merged intj the Cali
fornia Stnte Telegraph Company. (the cap
ital etock being doubled), which from that
time until its later consolidation with tho
Western Union owned and controlled the
telegraph lines from San Francisco to.
Bait Lake. Tho Western Union had In the
meantime. established a gimllar organlza-y
tion on the eastern side of the continent,
to.meet the line" from this side at Salt
Lake. \
The work of construction was com
menced without delay. 'All the material
¦was ordered and plans were made to com
plete the ttne before the clofe of 1861. The
work on, the eastern end was under the
superintendence of .Edward Cre'ghton.
while I was given' charge of the construe-'
tlon from thin end.
The, lints of the California State Tele
graph Company . had been extended as
fur as Virginia City In Nevada after the
consolidation of the lines, so it was de
cided that we should' begin on the over
land telegraph nt Carson City.' The wire
arid Insulators had been ordered from the
East unrt shipped around Cape Horn. Tho
next most Important item of materials
were the poles. These had to be hauled
on wagons and distributed. along the routo
from Carson City to Salt Lake, a distance
of tOO miles.- As there was not a stick of
.timber In sight all along the whole dis
tance It seemed, a puzzle that would bo
hard to solve. Fortunately among my as
' uistanis. was a young man full of pluck
end energy. James Street, who was- a
personal frJerjd of BrJgham Younjj, and
early In, the spring he went to Salt Lnko
and mrule arrangements with ¦ the Mor
mons for the necessary poles along that
section of the line. Furthermore he mado
friendB of tho Indian chiefs as far as
possible and this proved of the greatest
advantage. A man who In a negative way
did a great deal for tho telegraph w.n
Sho-kup, head chief of the Shoshon^s
lie was not only a man of power In Ills
own tribe but exerted a strong Influence
over 4he Goshutea and Pah-Utes.
Sho-kup was persuaded to take a Bt>i»?e
ride as far as Carson City and the tele
graph was explained to him.by-on Inter
preter. He afterward called it "We-ente
. mo-ktf-te-bopc," meaning "wire, rope ex
press." Ills Idea of the telegraph was
that it wuh an animal, and he wished to
know on what it fed. They told him It
ute lightning; but, as he had never been
any one make a < supper of lightning he
was not disposed to believe that. He was
very well muted in Carson City and wan
told thru he might talk with the Big Cap
tain (President -H.* W. Carpenticr) o< ;ho
tcUfiraph company at Ban Francisco.
Thereupon he dictated tho following diii
patch: "
"8ho-kup, Blsr Chief of the Bhoshonei,
sajs to Big Captain at San Francisco that
his Indians will not injure the telegraph
Hue. Sho-kup Is a friend of the white man.
to the operator In San Jose. That settled
it. No aano mon could be made to be
lieve that anybody could read tho taps of
u little Iron bar like that, and according,
to his mind I must.huvo u groat Imagin
ation andsmall conscience.
I told him (hat I had just, asked the
San Jose man to expect me In th« morn-
Inff and be ready to repair the machinery.
The 'farmer waa very polite, but .'he-Inti
mated that he had a wagon load of wat
ermelons to back up his opinion. that 1 tho;
operator would know nothing about my'
coming until I rode up in front of the
office the next day.
Watermelons at that time were one dol- •
lar each and the days were very warm.
,The temptation was too great.
I said that not only would the operator
be 'expecting us, but I should wire hirn.to
meet us. at tne door with tho question, .
"Where are. the watermelons'.'" v "
My agreement to do this increased thu
Interest of my rancher friend, "and wltii
true California /hospitality he turned jj ver
his house to us. After a fine br&ik'ujjt
he hitched up. his best pnir of 'horses and
away we went for San Jose. I felt as it
J were robbirfi the man, out watermelons
on a hoc dav art- an\eltgant consciiMics
ialvt 1 .
I thought he would fall out of the wapon
¦when we reached the door of the otHo^
ami then! was the operator excitedly
shouting: ' .
"Wheie are those watermelons? Where
are those watermelons TV
I made up tho disgrace of /'betting on a
sure' thing" by explaining 'all the mys
teries of the telegraph to him. and he en
thusiastically dtcided that lie would give
a waguii loud of melons every cloy if tia
could lose beta on new Inventions as great
ao that one.
In tho meantime and while my party,
was' working toward the north, I* L. lia
ker, later of the Urm of Uafcer .& Hamil
ton, had charge of tho wiring party-work
ing: from south. We saved the
f runchlso by six days," for the line, waa
completed and in operation by the 25th] of
October. This won for the company tho
exclusive r!j;ht of telegraphing for ilf t«.-e:i
ytars from the date of the completion of
the line—and a< most valuable concesaiou
it WHS. , *
The opening of that lino placed all tho
mrge cities of California in direct' com
munication, and as money was .plentllul
and time valunble . tl>o trlogruph ,\yus
largely made use of.
?lhe tariff between San Francisco and
San Jpsc v/as 75 cents for tun words and
2J cents for every additional five wordB or
fraction thereof. From Kan ITruhcisco.to
fitockton, 'Sacramento and Marysylllo the
late wng'W per ten word«. Still no com
plaint was made by tho public that the
>ates were too high. To them the lino
was a luxury at any price.
No sooner had the telegraph In Califor
nia been demonttrntcd a Bucceng than the
ptoplc of the Vac 'Me 'Const bPgan fo le
al!y.'- their lRoliitrd position from the rest
of the 'Union,' and tho question of an over
land telegraph une was agitated. After
many political gkirml»h?ti and the intro
ducing of many bH'c It was finally dec de<l
Vhut no private company would be able to
"GREAT SALT LAKE CITT.
"October 24— 7 p. m.
"To Hon. H. W. Carpentler, President
of the Overland Telegraph 1 Company-
Dear Sir: I am very much obliged fc»r
your kindness, manifested through you
and Mr. Street, in giving me privilege «'f
first message to California. May success
. ever, attend the enterprise. The success
of Mr. Street in completing his end of tho
line under many unfavorable clrcum
. stances in so short a time is bfyond our
most sanguine anticipations. Join your
wires with the Russian Empire and W9
. will converse with Europe.
"Your friend,
"BRIGHAM YOUNG."
The first message sent' from San Fran
cisco was as 'follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO; Ca!..
"October Zi, 1S«:
"To Hon. Brlghara Young, Great Salt
Lake City: That which was so long a
hope Is now a reality. The transcontl-.
, nental telegraph Is complete. I congratu
late you upon the auspicious event. May
It prove a bond of perpetual union and
friendship between the people of Utah
and the people of California.
"H. W. CARPENTIER."
This message, the first sent over thl3
section of the ovsrland line, I had tha
honor to manipulate myself. The next In
order was the following message, contain
ing the painful announcement of tna
death of Colonel E. D. BaKer. It read:
"GREAT SALT LAKE CITY.
"October 24 — 7 p. m.
"To H. W. Carpentier: Colonel Baksr
was killed in battle on the 21st. while in
the act of cheering on his command. Irn
ter.se excitement and mourning in Phila
delphia over his death. • STREET."
The street in front of the office v/33
densely crowded during the evening, an<i
there .would probably .have been an im
promptu celebration of the great event
but for the sad news above mentioned,
which cast a gloom over the city and pre
vented any demonstration taking . place.
Other dispatches were sent during the
evening and among them the following to
the President:
"To Abraham Lincoln, President of the
United States: In the temporary absence
of the Governor of the State I am re
quested to send you the first measaga
which will be transmitted over the wires
of the telegraph line which connects the
Pacific with the Atlantic States. The peo
ple of California desire to congratulate
you upon the completion of the great
work. They believe that It will b« the
means of strengthening the attachment
which binds both the East and the West
to the Union, and they desire in this— tho
first message across the continent— to ex
press their loyalty to the Union and their
determination to stand by Us Government
on this its day of trial. They regard that
' Government with affection and will ad
here to it under all fortunes.
"STEPHEN J. FIELD.
"Chief Justice of California."
There were also received a large num-
Ler of news dispatches, among which
were the particulars of the death of Col
onel Baker and another announcing:
"Beauregard will retire beyond Eull
Run.'.V.': '->
The overland telegraph was then an ac
complished fact. A few years previous
news from the other side was only semi
monthly and usually from twenly-flve to
thirty, days old. Then came the semi
weeklyjmull by the overland route, with
news on an average from eighteen to
twenty days old.
After that came the pony express. Thfc
latter, though a vast improvement, on.
both the first and the second, only made
clearer that something remained to
be done to brine California within tho
sphere of the other civilized countries of
¦ Itils the' telegraph In Its first cllck<JI<l.
With it disappeared the feeling of isola
tion the inhabitants of the Pacific Coast
bad labored under. San Francisco was in
instant communication with New York
and the. Atlantic seaboard. -\
' The change was a great one. but It was
ono to which the people readily adapted
themselves, having wished and waited st>
Ions for- It. In that moment California
was brought within the circle of tho sls
terhod of States. No longer as' one be
yond the pals of civilization, but, .with
renewed assurance of peace and prosper
ity/ she was linked in electrical bonds \.oA
the great national family union, , A
by the tribe of white men telegraph ope
rators. At one time, about 200 miles east
of the Blerra Nevada, a thunder •torm
broke over the valley At some distance
from where we were working. The wir«n
became so charged with electricity that
the men were obliged to use buckskin
gloves to avoid the shocks. Borne strange
Indians came up about this time and ons
of the bucks volunteered to help pull on
the wire that the men were stretching.
His bare hands and feet were Just tho
kind of a conductor that old electro had
been waiting for and It gave him such &
shock that he doubled over to the ground.
Quick as a flash he dropped the wire
nnd made the prettiest 400-yard dash that
I have ever seen. He didn't even stop to
take breath. Off at a safe distance, ho
recovered his dignity, came to a full stop
and gravely motioned for the uninitiated
bucks of his party to approach.
What he said to them la probably a
matter of Indian history, but always re
mained a dark secret with us. He felt
no antagonism toward tho party. In fact,
we went up a thousand per cent in hi3
estimation. Those Indiana decided that
we were an exctuslve tribe of white In
dians all by ourselves who could handle
the unseen spirits without trouble, and
they passed the word arcund among tha
tribes that the best thing to be done was
to treat us well and look out for the wire.
After that when an Indian wanted to
cross under a telegraph line the favorite
method wa3 for him to get on a horsa
and go under with full speed ahead.
Even later, when the Indians were on
the rampage for soldiers and settlers, they
always treated the telegraph with a cer
tain amount of respect. At one time they
wrecked an office and carried away «v
carboy of nitric acid under the delusion
that it was a superior brand of firewater.
The Indian does not drink hla whisky in,
pony glasses, but always takes a good
swig out of the demijohn to make sure.
The first buck who tackled the nitric acid
was laid out stiff and cold in less tlma
than it takes to tell about it, and there
upon It was decided in council hurriedly
culled that any tribe of white men who
could drink firewater as strong as that
were entitled to the undying respect and
admiration of the best Indian buck who
ever wore moccasins. And so the decree
went forth that the best thing for good,
.Indians was to give any of the parapher
nalia of the "wireless express men a
wide berth; that telegraph operators and
linemen were good fellows themselves, but
their affairs must not be meddled wlttt
under any circumstances.
The construction of the line was pushed
forward as rapidly aa possible. Many seri
ous dlitlcultlPd were encountered that re
quired our greatest energies to overcome.
In one instance sixteen miles of line wero
built In one day on the desert In order to
reach a point where water could be ob
tained. Again, our polo contractors failed
ua, and it was necessary to send our own
teams to the mountains to procure and
haul them.
The nrst contract with the Mormons
was also a failure, but Brigham Young
denounced the contractors from the pulpit
and said that the work of furnishing poiea
should and must be carried out. After
that things went better. Some of the polej
had to be hauled two hundred miles, most
of them being taken from tho mountain*
in the vicinity of Salt Lake, there- being
very few to be had west of that point.
Up to the 1st of October the work had]
progressed as well as could have been ex
pected, all things considered. The polea
wero nearly all delivered and the Una
completed, with the exception of soraej
fifty or sixty miles, between Ruby Valley*
and Schcll Creek, about midway between)
, Carson City and Salt Lake. For that »eo
tlon of the line we. were obliged to go into
the mountains ourselves to get poles. Wa
narrowly escaped being snowed in, but
after hard work managed to get all that
we wanted and be back on the plains be
fore the winter storms had started la
earnest. It wus a close shave, however,
and I had to go with the men myself to,
keep them from stampeding.
Having now secured all the poles necesw
Fary for the completion of the line and
having given orders for winding up all
matters and for the return of the expedi
tion, I returned to Ruby Valley on my
way home, so as to be in San Francisco
at the moment of the opening of the line.
I reached home in ample time for tha
first message across the great transcontl
¦ nental telegraph line, which Hew over the
wire on the evening of October 24, 1S61.
The great work which had been agitated
for so many years on this coast, in tho
East and in Congress was completed, and
in the short space of five months from tho
time the expedition moved from Sacra -
. xnento. •
It had been proposed to get up a cele
bration in honor of such an Important
event, but owing to the uncertainty as t«>
the exact time when the line would bo
completed no preparation had been. made.
The employes of the. company who stool
.around manifested the greatest anxiety,
watching for the first click of the instru
ment across the continent. At last It
came and read as follows: - ¦
r "SALT LAKE, Oct. 21,- 1861, 5:13 p. raw
"To Ceneral II. W. Carpentler: Lln-s
Just completed. Can you come to office?
"STREET."
The next dispatch was from Brlgham
¦ Young and read as follows:
ordered presents of food and clothing to
bo made . to him. Wo realized fully tlio
necessity of having the Indians for our
friends. and no pains. were spared to thU
end. j
Mr. Street contracted with the Mormons
for two to. three hundred miles of polej
for the eastern section of the line from
Salt Lake west, and I contracted for on«
hundred miles running eust from Carson
City to Ruby Valley. I had many mln
glvings in respect to these contracts for
poles, especially regarding those for tho
middle section. Along that portion of tho
route the mountains and plains were tree
less as far as the eye could reach. \Vhero,
then,. the poles were to come from I could
.not conceive. But the frontier men with
whom the - bargain had been made ap
peared to know their business, and as I
afterward learned had In their hunting
expeditions discovered i canyons and
gorges in the mountains where stunted
pine arid quaking asp could be found rut-
Hclently large f<ir telegraph poles. So far,
then, all was satisfactory.
We purchased twenty-six wagons to
carry the materials over the Sierra Ne
vudas, and on the 27th of May, 1861, th«
outtH was ready to move. It comprised
22i oxen, fifty men and several rldins
horses. The expedition was placed in
the charge of I. M. Hubbard, an experi
enced and energetic telegraph builder. In
spite of our best efforts it took us a month
to get over the mountains instead of fif
teen days, as had been first calculated,
so it was late In June that the expedition
reached Caison Valley and the work of
construction commenced. •
Tit the, meantime, the poles were being
distributed from both ends of the ; line.
ai.'.1 ns tho wiro and insulators for the
•niMern end had . been ordered shipped
ficm the Missouri River to Salt Lake,
the work began energetically from both
eiids. ¦ .
The route selected was by way of
Omaha, up the South Platte, via old Port
Kearney, Fort Laramle, up the. Sweetwa
ter and through tho South Pass to Salt
Lake. Thence to Deep Creek, K»can Can
yon and Ruby Valley to Virginia City.
Austin and Eureka were not at that time
In existence. In fact,\,the only settlement
along that part of,th© route was one at
Ruby Valley, where some troops were sta
tioned. - •
Mr. Crelghton, who, as I have stated,
wns In charge of the eastern section, and
myself communicated freely, advising
each other «t frequent Intervals of the
progress of the work. His reports showed
me with what energy he was pushing for
ward, and so enthusiastic were we both
thM a wager wns laid between us as to
who would first reach Salt Lake ready to'
oi.tn communication with San Francisco
ami the East.
The line was first staked off, th« hole
dlpgers followed; then canao the pole-set
ters, and next the wire party, we mado
from three to eight miles per day. An
advance telegraph station was kept up
with the head of the line and progress
reported from day to day. Tho news re
ceived on the arrival of the Pony Express
was telegraphed at once to San Francisco
and other points. Commercial dispatches
wore also pent and received dallv, and In
this way tho newspapers In Ran Francisco
were supplied with news and were dally
gaining on tlmo as tho lines advanced
east and wegt across tho continent to
their mectlne point.
The most frlcndlv relations were main
tained with tho Indians, and many nf
them were employed by us largely with
,th)H point In mind: that they might re
port to .their tribes how well they were
treated and thus favorably Influence them
tcward the members of the party and the ¦
telegraph line. That this good feeling
THE'SXJND^y OALti^
11
WHEN THE TELEGRAPH
CAME
TO CALIFORNIA**. It is calculated that the respectable sum
.of .: $60,000,000 " is t spent annually by about
270,000 ; viBitors who frequent 'the Riviera
during . the winter - season, which fasts
about 150 days. This, makes an -average~of
J400 per day. Of^tliese visitors about one
third, or 90,000, are of the English-speak
'ing race^CO.OOO British : and 30,000 Ameri
can. :-S.';-->-*: : 'T "V^'-'-s: ' ¦
Continued from Page Ten.
the especiaHuse of their Royal: High
nesses; the 1 compartment car Canada,' and
the sleeping cars Australia. India and
South "Africa ',• together. with cars for bag
gage and railway employes. The long,
heavy train is hauled by. locomotives of
the Atlantic arid ; consolidation ; type of.
passenger engines of the Canadian Pacific
Railway. The train Is truly a ; marvel : of
elegance. It_te finished outside in'natural
mahogany. .At either end "of each car, and
on- both sides of -the long train are .the
armorial bearings of the. Duke of Corn
wall and Tork.' The train is' lighted from.
end to end with electricity by;. tjhe Gould/
system, the lamps being concealed behind
ornamental shades of cut glass set"; in
the ceilings. ¦ \ .:''•.
The Cornwall is placed aa : the rearmost
coach ofr the train, so that ! their v High
nesses may have an uninterrupted .viaw.pf
the scenery along the northern shore of
Lake Superior and the vast crags of 'the
Selkirk Mountains and . the gorge of ' the
Fraser River. The Cornwall' is . seventy
eight feet In length, with a ; width .of ten
feet and a height' of fourteen feet, .'it
weighs sixty tons- and contains, a recep- *
tion-room,.' boudoir,: dining-room ,, and :
kitchen. .The reception-room opens from
the large observation platform- on- the
rear and is the largest room of the suite.
It is paneled in Circassian walnut and
fives an effect of supreme' richness arid
The Visft pf Wi0^U^Q9 : Co-rrt-VfsTJi: 1
admirable taste;-. The ceilings are finished :
in dead gold. Trie, hangings and drapings
are. of dark blue 1 velvet, while the floor
is carpeted with£a^ heavy; Wilton of a
qtiiet gray-green shade, into the very tex
ture of which the' foot slips soundlessly.
The sofa, armchairs,- escritoire an4- other-,
articles of .'furniture are tipholstered In ;
blue velvet -to match [the hangings. The',
piano is of Canadian manufacture ¦¦ and is'
a very perfect Instrument/ Tjtie Duchess' % ,
boudcir Is betwoeif'.the reception din- f
ing rooms, half-way, along the corridor*
which joins them, its prilling shade is'
pearl gray. The^ panels are painted a la
Watteau. The lattice work of the celling,"
by which ventilation is secured.as.well as
the ornaments oftthe panels, are ' touched J
lightly- with gold.!.. The draperies tare pf ; :
light blue, moire Isilk, and.; the divans.V
chairs and table, match. This little bou-«
dolr on_ wheels 'will be the envy of every '
woman who sees it.' For the, size. nothing
more perfect' could be i imagined.' Adjoin- [
ing It is a 'complete toilet room, contain-.,
Ing a'cheval glass reaching to the floor.
v Thej front of the car' Is devSted . to the J
dlning-fobm, which .is finished 1 In African^'
coromandel," ornamental cartouches in bas *
relief displaying at one, end the "armorial *'
bearings of the -King and at the other the.'.
blended coats-of-arms of the Duke and '.
Duchess. A candelabrum of electric . fix-
tures casts/ a' subdued light upon .a* din
ing- tabie Which will accommodate^ e'ght '
persons. "' •. - ',,'
Adjoining the dining-room are a pantry,"
kitchen and ' storeroom, perfect in; »ll their .
arrangements, and in : reality, a model
kitchen-imalkr in' : slze than those fouhd. v
In palaces, { but not a bit less complete. 2
The chinaware' is so exquisite that a cpn- .
ifiolsscur wou'.d'rgS into . raptures ' over^it, ¦'
although it. Is perfectly 'plain,: not event
bearing the.'ducal> r *rest. ;^The. silver se,r-.;
vice is almost of 'the same design and^ls**
from the same maker as the one who sup
plied The Ophlr. " --. ¦ ,.' ; '
Th« tfight^'epach York.isJ of the same •
size^ as the Cornwall. % A |coVridor extends i
Its entire : lengfh. ii The central [.portion of
the York is occupied Jby two:'royaK.bed
rooms, and on either of them> ) ;^'e
bedrooms, one for the gentleman jn'.wait
irig and the'«ther'for the lady'In > 'walting. t
The royar bedrooms ; are; finished in pearl .
gray, enarqel and; pa'nere,d' in silk to match •
the ' Each • contains a^brass bed-*
stead, wardrobe^ -dressing . table and ' largo !
mirror. -.THe, draperies in the Duke's 1 Vponi .1
are of' crimson' silk armure, and those "Tin -
the of pale, blue moire. •¦The* fur- *-
hltufe is all } of ¦ satlnwbod.' : j Each 1 : of j the S
royal | b'edrbonis has its" own bathroom at- a
tached. - ; These are unique* being uphol- '
stered in a soft, . tasseled, - waterproof"
of pearl gray. 1 ,' The biaths'are of' full
eizel" upholstered round - the. borders with
i the,, same waterproof cloth, and a have
heavy curtains of a similar material. ':
' .The .Canada," which Is' the third -.car
frpnU^ rear of, the train, Is a compart
ment car, containing six . staterooms, a
large smoking-rciom." a lavator^v bath
room and shower bath, which 1^4. novelty
even In royal ''trains. , The shower bath is
Installed In a small chamber' and is up
.holstered in. gray waterproof cloth..' -ii.11
the '^estibules of the'traln have' their dja
phragms protected by velveteen, curtaliis,
matching in shade the green- tinted .carpet.
The .-iSandringham is the ', dljiing-car.
for the staff, and consists of the main
dining-room; pantry and kitchen. ; The
sides are paneled with' red mahogany, the
ceilings embbsse^ with old gold and the
floor carpeted with a soft green Brussels.
Ten large windows . llgli$ car iby. day,
and ' at night- twenty-eight* electric; lights.
Thirty persons , can be seated : at ;the ta
bles. . ; In one* of ' the other cars* forward
"a 'consulting Jand dispensing 'rcfom' have
been provided for the use pi his 'Highness'
medical attendant and 5 his < assistant. - All
the latest^surgical appliances and*a«com
plete ' stoclc of 'drugs are** here arranged
fewr i immediate use. Three regular sleeps
ing cars and two^baggage cars, in on.e of
which - is a cold-storage plant, ¦ complete
tho train, which" has been used on "the
royal progress from Quebec to Van
couver and will on their return \ carry
them clear through to Halifax, : where the
Ophir is now awaiting them. ».- :
As much as possible of the wild side of
the Northwest has been exhibited to his
Highness. A day was spent by him at
Calgary, near the foot of;, tne Rocky
Mountain, in. Alberta, watching a great
assembly of the Indian tribes^ in inspect
ing the Northwest mounted plpice, and in.
observing a typical Northwestern exhibi
tion of steer roping, bronco rough-riding,
cowboy races and' other sports of the
plains. To-morrow is planned to be spent
in Vancouver and the two succeeding days
in Victoria, where there will be .another
rounding up of the Indians who will give
a war dance. After leaving Victoria the
royal party will return with alt speed to
the.Ophlr at Halifax and thence "to Eng
land,;n,ot setting foot in America, as it is
purely and solely a royal progress through
British territory which. Is being made,
in no sense other! than. tha^, a tour of the
world, v ' "-•*> - .
"pointing," ana the yacht which can sail
stralghtest and quickest toward the wind
will, of course, beat any competitor which
has not this quality of footing fast when
pointing high. In pointing the main boom
is laid as nearly parallel with the' keel as
possible^ and-th.e. sheets (ropes which feon
trol.the'sahs)'fare; hauled aft until the
sails are. taut as fdrum heads^, in, which po
sition the i ; yacht is s'ald to be \ "close
hauled/' and if 'good at this sort of going
she wiH"eat" her way into the wind and
make slanting approaches to her destina
tion at an -angle well within ' four com
pass points, .or 'Tforty-flve. : degrees. r ¦
•'Suppose then '.that at the time the first
race is called the outer mark is placed due
south of the starting, line, and that theV;
wind Is straight from the southward. T>be- ;
first part of the contest would naturally];** i
a beat to Oie outer .mark, in -which- c'ajSp
the contestants would have an : cpportU;-,{
nlty of showing tlielf respective 'tperlts;|h;
this matter of. pointing! The ooe -.whlcfiv
can sail closest to the wind and -maintain*?
good speed will naturally ( be -the ¦¦flrst^
around the mark. Thence., on 'will; be a>
run,' by which Is meant that 'sheets : . (al
ready, explained) can^ be eased off or loos
ened, with the main boom at:a.brqadiari-r
gle to the hull. Then if the wintl is npt.tooi
strong the immense balloon jibs and spin
nakers, groat expanses of silk-like . sails, :
are flung, to the impelltas breeze,' and with '-1
i, "every stitch showing,", /the yachtsVdfive
• before tHe wind' to thei^nish line: -I.. \ ; .' .; •;
% V , -Faster Than th^Wii|d:" ':
•f ;But itv is. in going ;bv<*'r the ..triangular
course': thaVthe be'str ali-hround!qual!{'es
?*^>j^acfijtj^r^^^ght';out.-5.'^e i i|wl&l
holding ; fair, she must show he.r.'paces in
ever 'j^ point; of : sailing— pointlnef 'running
' and 'Reaching! ':_ In reachlnjj^'the: bopm is
' eas^d> onr'ajf. an. angle, the' aciitehess 'of
f.'hlchfiifl 'x3otcfm'ined by (he, angie' which
{.the .:;.wfnd(fijakCH to' 'the, direction of. "the.
.'course. -: In' a "close 'reach itls} little niiore
than for pointing; iria broad-reach a lit-'
tie lessvthan- in '' running. In "reaching;: a
yacht, though sailing : against ; : the wind,
displays greater,; speed than she 'does in
going dead before. It This may sound Itt
credlble, bujt it Is .nevertheless true. ¦, For
Jnstdnce, 'It * ts. inconceivable thatYa 'yacji't
fastef,'than.ten knots;'. whereas one reach
ing cfo. a'), ten-knot 'breeze*;:- might consider
ably ."exceed^ that' gait. ¦¦'fV, ;• . ¦ ' 5 ;
¦¦>/ .Although i^er'yv' simpje; ¦¦ the terms "star
board 'tack'' and ...•.'port;, tackV confuse
mar.y.vA.py palling vessel la^gaid to be on
the stjxr.btard.tackVnen the wind is com
ing fro'ro 'the starboard, or right hand
si«}e. an^d ion-thelport^tack. when the -vy.!nd
is .coding: fromVbver the left, or por.t side.
The,_term;yri;ntilrk" 5s so plain as*'to tell
Its «'Wn story, meaning just what' it says.
that a vessel is "running," and; of course, '
before, the wind, as a sailing craft can run *
fn no other direction. • . -
The question of keeping the course clear
thie'year asjt Was done at the time when/
Sir Thomas made his flrsV effort, to lift)
the cup has been^discussed, and arrange-',
merits have'. beerfinade" whereby J the ex
cursion fleet— expected to' be "mor^ than »
usually large this year by reason ' of the '
groat Interest attaching to the contest—'
will be kept clear : of the course of the'
racing yachts.' Lord Dunraven, It will be ;
recalled, bitterly complained of blanketing'
and Interference on the part of .: excursion'
vessels. . " i
, v .It was never shown that the challenger'
*% y OW at to this matter of yacht rao
/\ I tng. It Is a sport in which a large
I number of people profees to take
V delight, and in which a still larger
number assume a pleasure though
they may feej it riot, These last be ftlsq .
prone to flek riot provoking questions ag
to the relative value of a fin keel ever a
itarboard (a P u, or jupt wherein § fybf
«¦•... .ia fn meilt » l>slloen Jib.
It Its tho purpeea ef ihta effort t© five
ihe entfaujtaitte lne*iwt»e§me. tew hints
which may furnish him ©r her with a
clearer undlei*tanding ef the game. At
first eight H £#e>mg ise mere eemplieated ,
than i= a h«3FP§ faee, and there Is a eer
lain analogy between the twe. Per the
racing j-acht o f i Oiua y , P i)P much § result
fef high breeding a* is Its prototype 6f;th§
turf. "A J-achtPtnah," as a devotee lias
pointed out, "will trace the pedigree! of his
favorite racer back through the Gloriana,
Puritan, Magic, and name the exact points
of excellence which she has obtained from
each. One has given windward qualities,
one exceeding stiffness, one beauty, and]
so on throughout a long list since the
America brought home the famous cup."
But It is to those who follow yachting
on the rolling blue and not from behind
rolltop desks that these qualities most
appeal. The slight points of' difference in
these racing machines— points apparently
so slight that even those fairly familiar
with the contestants have difficulty in dis
covering them, and which to the casual
observer are wholly hidden— are to the
yachtsman as plain as are the forest signs
to a trained woodsman. For instance, the
Constitution and the Columbia so closely
resemble each other that few outside the
Initiated can tell one from the other. Both
have the same marble white hull, the
same great towering mainmast stepped
Just forward of amidships, the same great
bowsprit spearing out from forward, the
same Matterhorn of canvas. One unfa
miliar with the two might have before
him a perfect technical description of each
and the photographs of both and the
chances are he would search the pictorial
representation in vain for Identification of
either.
Points of Difference.
And yet there are points of dissimilarity,
which the trained eye will distinguish as
far as It can see. The one distinguishing
point In these two, which all who sail
may note. Is the double spreader of the
Constitution, whereas the Columbia car
ries only a single spreader. To make plain
what a spreader Is, it may be well to ex
plain that It is a small spar "extending
laterally on either side of the mast for the
purpose of "spreading" the shrouds and in
bo doing giving them greater strength and
resisting power. As between the chal
lenger and the defender there will be no
need of searching out the points of dif
ferences, as the color of the hull will in
dicate which is which— the one being em
erald £Teen, the other milk whltel But
he or ehe who' goes " down :£o the course
In an excursion craft may still be all at
sea as to which Is winning the race ' or
which comes In victorious across the finish
line, as there are rules which complicate
results. One yacht, for Instance, will have
to give the other a time allowance and the
one which to all appearances may seem
the winner may. when the count is done,
show up loser by so many seconds or mln-,
utes, as the case may be.
There doubtless are few finer or more
Inspiriting marine spectacles than that
afforded by two high-class racing yachts
struggling neck and neck for the finish
line. But that is a sight one seldom has
the good fortune to see, although many
such heart disease finishes are promised
In the coming contest; this by reason of
the general belief that challenger and de
fender are more evenly matched than any
other two that ever fought out the battle
for the trophy. Even drifting matches
have an exciting Interest for some, but
the writer, who has drifted on the flank
of many of these, has never been able to
extract any excitement from contests- of
that kind. "A""' . * <
How the Courses Differ.
was more hindered than was the defend*
er, but to prevent any possible recrimina
tion on that score the National Govern*
ment, at the time of the Shamrock I»Co*
Jumbla, contest, detailed a flotilla of tor»
peri^ibgatfl and revenue putters, and. In*
¦trusted the effleer In charge, Captain*
now Rear Admiral, Rgbjey p, Svann, t.-»
tmetey thls/feree for the p«ppqp« of Ke«p»
ins the »uuFsa eiear, The emirs© feejng
eutelds the thrff^mll§ limit and, th#r§«
r-ifc, §n th§ hish §»as and >mMt,ia tti§
Jurlsaietien §f the United States, th«r§
wae nd legal warrant for such pr§ee#d»
lflg§. lint ftie @8tabll§hmif]t ef th# patr§l
met with that tnthugiastia popular ap
proval which i* a Ut*- unte it-^if. and
which wnfl, In thl8 Castl, a tml vprsat tf =» tl- j
mony to a wish to s@« fair play accorded
both yachts.
As a result Of this patrolling of the
Course there was no reason for complaint
on the part of either racer, and this year
the same system will be adopted. Cap
tain "Walker of the revenue marine ser
vice has been detailed for this duty and
a number of vessels, sufficient to see that
¦ his orders are obeyed, will be placed under
his command.
What Cup-Defenders Cost.
The cost of an attempt to "lift" the cup
and the price of fending off such effort
axe particularly interesting. The state
ment'that this cup attaining ambition of
, Sir Thomas will cost him in theneighbor
. hood of a round million for this present
effort alone may seem incredible at first
reading, but it Is not likely that his ex
penses will fall much below that figure,
¦ if any. , The building of the Shamrock,
the pay and maintenance of her crew, the
• cost and maintenance of the magnificent
'steam yacht, the Erin; the charter of tho
Porto Rico, a 'big ocean going steamship,
' which Is to be used as a tender for tho
f Shamrock; the charter of the yacht TH
• lie, a pretentious steam yacht which will
' be employed by Sir Thomas for th© usa
and convenience of his many guests; tho
charter of the big James A. Lawrenco
and of the launch Dufferin, must; all be
counted in the cost.
Writing. In McClure's after the last In
ternational yacht race, Ray Stannard
• Baker gave some- interesting figures con
j cerning the c#st of cup defenders. Speak-^
ling of the Columbia, he said: "It is
probable that no one outside of the build
ers and owners of the Columbia knowa
' exactly what she cost She could be
. constructed, so a well-known builder told
, me, for $80,000. But the Herreshoffs were
given carte blanche, and the very best
of everything was used In her construc
tion, so that she probably cost, includ
ing the services of the designer. Captain
•Nat' Herreshoff, fully double that sum.
The cost of the Defender was about
$100,000, a striking contrast with the old
America, which' was built for about $20.
000. The; famous ;cup defender Puritan,
built in 18S5, cost about $30,000, so George
Lawley^her builder, told me. It will be
seen that, the price 'of cup-, defenders has
gone up marvelously in fourteen years.
A substantial merchant vessel of the
same length of water line as the Colum
bia, first class in every particular, can
be built and fully rigged for $12,000 ot
$14,000.
Adopted American Sails.
"The Columbia's mainsail cost some
thing more than $2000, and it required ten
men, working twelve and one-half days
to sew its long seams. The full suit ots
sails. for the great racer cost fully $12,000, V
a sum quite sufficient to purchase out
right a good, full-rigged cruising. yacht.
The making of these sails so that they
will curve and catch the wind like a
bird's wing, drawing perfectly and yet
without wrinkling or straining the can
vas, -requires a degree of art and ac
curacy not easily appreciated without a.
vis t, such as I made, to the lofts of tho
.Wilsons, who have rigged many a famous
racer. Indeed, the snowy cetton sails of
American ships are famous the world
over. Up to the time when the Genesta
came cup-seeking In the * eighties tno
English had used hempen sails exclusive
ly. The English yachtsmen of the Ge
nesta, wondering at the marvelous work
of the American canvas, took back with
them the material for a new. suit of sails.
Since then American cotton has been
widely adopted by all grades of British
ships, as well as the American system
of attaching the sails to the spars-both
being a curious outgrowth of the cup
races."
The superb suit of racing canvas which
the Shamrock. II. win wear In the com
ing contest was cut ' and fitted by Mr.
Ratsey," reputed "to be the best sallmaker
in Great 'Britain. , He accompanied Sir
Thomas here, as did George I* Watson,
the eminent designer, " who constructed^
the challenger.
12
THE SXJNDAY XJALL.
¦ Coming now to the projected races these
will be run over what is known as the
.Sandy Hook course, the victor being the
yacht which wins three out of five events.
The races are to be a fifteen-mile straight
away beat or run to an outer mark and
back to the finish line, and a contest over
a triangular course with ten miles to each
leg. Like racing thoroughbreds ' of the
turf, racing yachts have their specialties,
¦ but in the case "of the latter these may be
broadly summarized under- the " head of
pointing, reaching and running. ' .
~—^Unquestionably a racing: yacht's ! most
>nlrable quality Is her ability to lie close
N« wind, and to sail fast when going
\Airection from which the wind Is
\. This Is technically known - as
HOW AN AMERICA'S IS SAILED
CUP RACESAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 5 2 9, 1901— THIRTY^ WO
figjs-JWB
Pap 13 to 1
NEW YORK, Sept 28.— Victory is victory, you know, and I
am glad that it fell to our lot. Any conditions suit me so long
as we win. — Captain Barr of the Columbia.
I am disappointed and weary and have nothing I care to say
about the contest. — Captain Sycamore of the Shamrock II.
Special Dispatch, to Th.e Call.
BARR ELATED; SYCAMORE GLOOMY
Continued on' Page Fifteen.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
seaward, steering away to' the southeast,
in order to test the strength of the wind
and sea. The Shamrock, when she let go
her tow, stood .to the eastward, and in a
series of preliminary tacks got her canva3
In ¦ trim for the serious business of the
day.
The wind had freshened a bit when the
tug Navigator- with the regatta commit
tee aboard ' anchored at the southeasterly
end of the, line, with Sandy Hook.light
ship forming the other extremity. Soon
afterward signals were hoisted on the
committee tug, denoting the course would
be east by south, fifteen miles to wind
ward and return. The preparatory gun
was fired at 10:45.
Captain Barr Meets His Equal.
The ' Columbia had secured meanwhile
-w ."W - THEN the two yachts were
% J|l /towed out to Sandy Hook
. /^ / % / lightship there was a fine
\/ \f :sailing breeze blowing
y y nine knots from a little
"south of east, with a pos
¦ : .'-':'. ;'. : -- slble promis/s of becoming
more .southerly as the day progressed.
The long-, greasy swell, always the
forerunner of a storm, came in
with considerable force, ' and the roll of
the sea from southward, caused by the
disturbance down the coast, made it un
pleasant for those not accustomed to
ocean waves.
. . The"' Columbia hoisted her white sails
•and set them . till they ,. showed not the
slightest wrinkle" or soft , spot In their
whole surface. When once her canvas
was up and sheeted home the Columbia
cast loose from her tug and took a spin
N" ' EW YORK. Sept. 28.— In the
closest and most soul stirring
race ever sailed for the old
America's cup the white flier
d Columbia to-day beat the
British challenger over a
¦windward and leeward course of thirty:
nautical miles by the narrow, heart
breaking margin of 39 seconds. As Lip
ton's latest aspirant for cup honors must
allow the defender 43 seconds on account
of the extra 833 square feet of canvas in
her sail area the offlcial record, under the
rules, gives her the victory by 1 minute 22
seconds.
As a spectacle the contest was superb.
From the time the two skyscraping racera
crossed the starting line until they fled
across the finish line four and a half
hours later the result was in doubt and
the excitement aboard the excursion fleet
i Worpflspd until men became frenzied and
I W-'otnen ' almost hysterical. So evenly
, matched were these two scientific racing
\ machines that never after they started
The memory of the races between the
Genesta and the Puritan in 18S5 and Lord
Dunraven's first Valkyrie and the Vigi
lant In 1823, which have been treasured
by yachtsmen up to this time, will be for
gotten after the magnificent duel of to
day. It will live forever In the memory
of those who witnessed it. In the years
to come yachtsmen of two nations; will
recount the (hrllllng story of the celc-
Hace "Will Live in Memory.
were the rival skippers out of each other's
hail and more than three-quarters of the
time they were so close that Charlie Barr,
who had the tiller aboard the Columbia,
could have tossed a biscuit to Captain
Sycamore on the Shamrock. For miles as
they beat their way to the outer mark
the black shadow of the Shamrock's huge
topsail was painted on the big mainsail
on the Columbia and for an hour on the
run home, with the yachts flying like
scared deer before the wind, they ran al
most beam to beam, as if they had been
harnessed together.
,'Captain Sycamore's Strategy. • \
Again to-day the course, east by south,
excursion fleet. The old salts who sniffed
the air; said the wind was the. draught
from the big. storm which was reported
to.be.raglng on the South Atlantic Coast.
, The big single-stickers, behind proudly
puffing tugs, had preceded the excursion
fleet to the stakeboat and had hoisted
their, largest light, weather sails. Sir
Thomas Upton's private signal; a green
.shamrock in' a yellow field.' floated from
the main j truck ; of the British boat, and
Mr. Morgan's colors,; a Maltese cross in a
field ; of black, 1 fluttered from the after
leach of the Coiumbia'3 sail; Watson, the
designer of the challenger, and Ratsey.
who is reputed to be th^ best sailmake;r
In the , world, . were aboard the golden:
boat.- As the yachts passed out from be
hind the Hook 'a half-dozen ocean liners,'
inward; bound, saluted, them withjensigh'
and whistle. ; ' : ¦ -V ;
-Disappointed by -the fluke of Thursday,
the crowd which sailed down to Sandy
Hpok lightship to-day was somewhat
smaller than en the open'ng day, but even
so, the colony of steamers, steam yachts,
¦tug ¦boats, sailing > vessels and excursion
craft of ...every description- formed an
angle niiles long at the- starting 'line. It
was an ideal day for the race. The cur
taln^of. haze whicli_ had hung over bay
and shore in the 'early morning had lifted,
"making'; the :whole \ course visible - to : the
thousands along- the Long ' Island coast.
JThe sun - blazed '' from a r speckless vault
ofiblue and.' the fresh breeze, blowing
straight in from the 'Atlantic,' was strong
¦enough ' to 'spill the foam "out ( of _the green
swells' and; hurry long | black \ ribbons • of
smoke shoreward from the stacks of the
Ideal Weather Conditions.
perts said after the race that during the
outward journey she . had been sailed to
absolute perfection, while before the wind
the: American yacht not only showed a
fleeter pair of heels,- but, in the opinion
of {.he sharps, wag: better handled.
while on the^rurr home her lead was eaten
up and the . Columbia crossed j the ; finish
line "exactly thirty-seven seconds before'
the . Shamrock. It must be . remembered,
however, - that. - the ; challenger • had the
weather gauge In the beat to windward,*
no mean advantage, and the. nautical ex-
The quality of a sailing ship is measured
by. her ability to carve her; way' into an
adverse wind, and in ¦'. the ; fifteen-miles
thresh to windward to-day the. -golden
challenger" gained .thirty-nine seconds,
As a . result . of .'torday's race, though
faith in the Columbia still remains in the
hearts of the patriots, all the experts ad
mit that the British boat is the ablest
sloop ever sent to these waters to lift the
100 guinea cup which the old schooner
America brought across the Atlantic fifty
years ago. and the superiority of Ameri
can seamanship and American naval
architecture, as ; represented by * the de
fender, . remains to be established. '¦ '.. ,
brated first race between the Columbia
and the Shamrock-II sailed off New York
harbor in the first year of the new cen
tury. > ',- " V: '''''.' . .
I ;¦¦• NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— To The Call: It was a great contest
and a hair-breadth victory we won under the conditions prevailing,
arid, therefore, we rejoice. What we "shall -do under other condi
tions we cannot say." E. D. MORGAN".
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— To The Call: It is one on us, but it
was a good face. "We are disappointed, but are still hopeful.
The contest was so close that we have feo reason to hang our
heads, and we, who know the Shamrock II, still have faith in her.
I have no complaint to make. SIH THOMAS I*IPTO23".
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'YACHT OWNERS EXPRESS OPINIONS
Special Dispatch, to The Call. /
XEW YORK, Sept. 2S;. — Commodore ..Kane, chairman of the regatta committee, this evening
sure out tilt* ofllclal statement of tlie llrnt racft '-. ¦ ,. \*
' ¦ - ' .. ¦ Outer Elapsed Corrected
YACHT— stnrt. .¦; . Mnrk. Finish. Time. Time. «
Shamrock II ....11:00:14 lt2.~:O2 ;i:::i:3« -*«31:4-4 -4:31:44
Colnmliia (:4:t time allowance) ......... ll:OO:l« 1:25:53 3j.'J1:2:S 4:3l':O7 4*3O"*4
, Columbia vs-im. by 1:20. ./ \
Course- — East by south, fifteen miles, to ivindtvnrd and return. •
Wenther A fair unillnpr breeze nt the ntar(, Iroin east by sonth, Tvlileh belli nltont true tliroufjh
out the day. It fell a trifle lighter nt the outer mark, but freshened noiuewhat tbivard the finish.
S. XICHOLSOX KANE, CHESTER GRISWOL,I>i NEW BURY D. LAWTOX. ' . .
. . -..-." . • ¦ . " '¦- . ReKatta Committee. - '
OFFICIAL STATEMENT OF THE GREAT YACHT RACE.
Yankee Boat Overcomes Lead Gained by
Its Rival at the Start and Finishes
in Front.
Under Adverse Conditions the American
Yacht Beats the Chalenger by a
Narrow Margin.
START f OF. COLUMBIA AND SHAMROCK II IN THE INTERNATIONAL YACHT RACE FROM A DESCRIPTION TELEGRAPHED TO THE CALL.
COLUMBIA OUTSAILS SHAMROCK II
IN SOUL-STIRRING TEST OF SPEED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC- NO. 121.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 28.-E. S.
Stephens, aged 65 years, died last night
at the County Hospital from wounds self
inflicted Thursday, night, with suicidal in
tent : Stephens. was a .well-known, miner.
Suicide of a Well Known' Miner.
Ho Tow was represented by Superior
Judge Peter J, Shields of this city, who
read to the board a statement signed by
Ho Yow explaining what had prompted
him in writing .the communication com
plained of." The board accepted Mr. Ho
Vow's explanation and' dismissed the cita~
tion. - -
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 28.— The executive
committee of the State Board of Agricul
ture, in executive session, this morning
acquitted Ho Yow, Chinese Consul Gen
eral at San Francisco, of the charge of
showing disrespect to the State Board In
a letter aent by him to a local paper re
specting the board's action' in declaring
off a pacing stake during the recent State
Fair. . -
State Board of Agriculture Acquits
Official of Alleged Offense at
State Fair.
CONSTTL GENECRAiL HO YOW '
MEANT NO DISRESPECT
NEW; YORK, Sept. 29.— The annual re
port of. President Rlpley of the Atchison.
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad for. the
fiscal year ended June 30 last^shows total
earnings of $54,474,822. an increase of $8,
242,744 over the previous year. The total
operating expenses were 132,262.913, an in
crease over the previous year of $4,711,415.
Big Surplus for Dividends.
In addition to' the hundreds of requests
from all over, the country for Invitations
to witness the execution. Warden Meade
to-day received numerous 1 requests for
the autograph of Czolgosz and alsa some
from medical men for pieces of his brain
after he .shall have paid the death
penalty. . -,
Prison Physician Gerlrt visited Czol
gosz yesterday and again this morning,
but found no need for his services.
Czolposz has eaten his meals regularly and
has had no conversation with any of the other
condemned men.". He answered questions ln re
gard i to his | meals, such as an inquiry If he
would have -salt. .etc.. which were put to him.
but aside from that he has said nothing. Part
of the time yesterday he lay In his bed and the
rest of the time he spent walking up and down
his cell. \ : : -" . ¦...-.• . -.;,
AUBURN. N. ?., Sept. 28.— Warden
Meade to-day gave out the following:
Witness the Electrocution.
Xlany Applications for Permits to
Warden of Penitentiary Receives
czolgosz sttll retains
'his su:l:len silence
, Barracks to be erected ln the cemetery
near the McKinley vault ¦ are being
planned to shelter. Company C, the guard
at the vault. .
Secretary Cortelyou, Dr. Rixey and Cap
tain Loeffler drove to the cemetery during
the day and viewed the proposed site of
the McKinley memorial. They expressed
themselves as much pleased with the
site. .- .
Mr. Cortelyou went;, to Cleveland to
night to obtain from the late President's
sisters, Miss' Helen McKlnley and Mrs. A.
J. Duncan, waivers of all formal notice
of the probating of the will, in order to
expedite the. settling up of the estate. Cap
tain Loeffler, doorkeeper at. the White
House, one of the witnesses to the will,
arrived to-day and testified before the
Probate Judge as to- the -proper execution
of the will.
CANTON". Ohio. Sept. 28.— Mrs. McKlnley
was deprived of her customary afternoon
drive into the country to-day by inclem
ent weather. She was out '. during: the
morning, however. Her 'condition this
evening is said to ..be practically, un
changed.
dite the Settling Up of the
McXinley Estate.
Secretary Cortelyou Moving to Expe-
CONDITION OF CANTON
PATIENT IS UNCHANGED
The net earnings were $22,211,877. an in
crease of $3,501,298. After deducting inter
£?. t ,.S har8res of *S .029,478, there remained
J14.182.401 applicable for dividend and sur
plus purposes.
We have a dispatch sent by Admiral Schley
delivered to Captain Cotton. \ translated Into
cipher, and you do not know -whether that cipher
is a correct translation of the original and you
cannot tell us where we can get. the original
dispatch, so that we can ascertain whether this
press copy does not correspond with the orig
inal dispatch delivered to Captain Cotton?"
"I cannot."
Mr. Raynor and Captain Parker closed by
Statins there was no intention on their part of
casting any imputation upon the department.
The witness was excused at 3:30 p. m., the
court adjourning until Monday morning.
SOTJTHEKLAITD ON THE STAND
to Coal at Port Antonio.
Tells How Schley Compelled the Eagle
Lieutenant -Commander. W.-;.H. H. Souther
land, 1 who -commanded . the . converted yacht
Eagle during the Spanish war, followed Cap
tain": McCalla on 'tho witness; stand. He said
he had first fallen in '.with the. flying squadron
on ! May 19, when the squadron was steaming
toward Cienfuegos and Captain McCalla's sub
squadron was on Jts. way. from Cienfuesos -to
Key West. He had ¦then.vunder Captain Mc-
Calla's orders,- undertaken to' communicate to
Commodore .Schley,. .his .infprmation concerning
the situation at Cienfuegos and had £lven this
information to the Scorpion for the commodore,
his messare beins as follows: .' • •
• "We left Cienfuegos on ,the night, of the 26th.
at which time, as we learned from Insurgents,
the only vessels Inside .the harbor were the
two boats and several cannonleros." . ¦
Commander Southerland told of his return
to Cienfuesos on May 24 and of accompany in*
the Marblehead ' to the: shore for the purpose
of communicating with the Insurgents. ; lie
also related that'm returning Captain McCalla
sent him full speed in advance of the Marble
head to notify the commander of the squadron
It was the last of the many exciting
moments of the contest, for very soon
the Columbia, getting her wind free again,
pulled out. and with surprising rapidity
opened up on the challenger and drew out
a lead that left the result no longer in
doubt. She crossed the line a winner,
not only on time allowance, but boat for
boat
The stern chase is a long chase, but
slowly the old Columbia crawled up en
tne new Shamrock. At 2:10 she was
aoeam.and a half minute later was the
leading- boat. Slowly she still crept up.
and at 2:14 was all of a half-length aheaa.
.from that time on to tho finish line she
Kept In the lead. The wind was now drop,
ping, but in spite of her much larger &ali
plan the Shamrock could not prevent tht,
steady;' though, slow, gain of the Columbia.
For nearly an hour the race continued
without- further event. Then, at 3:15, the
wind freshened slightly, filling out the
Immense sails of the Shamrock. Slowly
she crept up and lessed the gap betwuon
her and the defender. Now she was only
a half-length behind. Now she was on
nearly even terms, and it became a mat
ter of doubt as to which boat would firat
cross the finish line, less than a mile
away. '•-., •" :
There was considerable delay in settling
spinnakers, the Shamrock waiting appar
ently for the Columbia and luffing out Jn
order to- prevent a blanket. : Finally at
1:37 the Columbia broke out her spinnaker
and at the same time a tremendous bal
loon jib. ...The Shamrock smartly followed
suit. . In the heavy roll of the sea, which
was- now on the port quarter of the two
boats, the. main booms trailed in the
water as they lurched to leeward. These
were tauted- upclear ; of the sea, thereby
spoiling, somewhat the set :of the main
sans. •.-••: ¦ y . : ¦¦.-¦¦ ;'••¦¦••¦¦
Columbia Gradually Gains;
The Shamrock in the beat to windward
had thus gained thirty-nine seconds. &h«
had beaten the Columbia boat for boat,
but had not overcome tne handicap of
forty-three seconds time allowance, which
under the rules of the New York ; Yacht
Club she was compelled to concede.
At 12:45 both boats, on the port tack,
were heading for the outer mark, which
on this occasion was the tug Edgard F.
Luckenbach, the raft which she carried
having failed to right itself when put
overboard. The wind now was the fresh
est of the day. The Shamrock had a lead
of at least 400 yards, and as she ap
proached the mark it was- seen that she
had handily beaten the old defender In
the windward work. She turned in ex.
cellent style, and with main boom square
off to port, the spinnaker boom was low
ered to starboard. The Columbia made
an equally good turn. The official time
at the mark, was: . . -. . * ¦ . ¦ .
Shamrock '..,...., 1:25:12
Columbia ,..,.... 1:25:53
bia, but the splashing did. not retard her
speed in the least. Not a tremor could
be detected in the luffs of the sails of
efther racer. Both were handled to per
fection and were given a good clean full,
not the least quiver being allowed to
make itself manifest in a single cloth.- By
several sharp tacks the Columbia again
tried to work herself out of the leeward
position. All efforts, however, were fu
tile. . ¦ .- •
At 11:40 the Shamrock had .a good lead
of nearly 300 yards. When the vessels
were on the port tack they encountered a
pretty hard sea. While on the starboard
tack the sea smote them abeam. The
Shamrock appeared to splash more
against the nose-enders than the Colum-
Both. Perfectly Handled,
The Columbia tried in vain to work
out through the lee of her opponent. Sev
eral short tacks were taken, but in spite
of all efforts she could not get clear. She
was jammed under the lee of the chal
lenger, a position not often occupied by
.the old defender. The Columbia, on the
pert tack, tried to cross the bows of the
Shamrock, but in vain. The challenger,
having the right of way, forced her about.
Instead of going under her rival's sterp
the Columbia preferred the position under
her lee bow, so long as she could get tho
wind free. . .
rival. The Shamrock luffed up to wind
ward of the Columbia and when the start
ing: gun came had. a splendid position and
went over the line two seconds ahead of
her rival and well placed in the windward
berth. For once the doughty Charlie
Barr had met his equal in the starting
trick. ".
Continued From Page Thirteen.
YANKEE BOUT OVERCOMES THE LEAO
a. berth, to windward at a considerable
distance to leeward. Baby-jibs were
hoisted In- stops on both boats and the
Britisher was first to break out hers to
the breeze. Captain Sycamore -was at
her tiller as usual. The Columbia skip
per, Barr. was at the wheel. The force
of the wind was now fully nine knots an
hour. It was some times puffy and occa
sionally reached the dimensions of a
ecupper breeze, when the yachts heeled to
its Btrensth.
The warning gun -was fired at 10:55. and
at that time both yachts had worked to
windward of the line, with the Shamrock
now In the weather position. At the warn
ing signal both yachts bore down and
came to leeward. Then the Columbia
luffed sharply on the , port tack, with
Shamrock close on her heels.. At 10:58
the Columbia went on the starboard tack,
this maneuver being repeated by her
•'None that I know of." ¦ . ¦¦'.-: ¦ .
''Were there any shoals or other obstacles
of any kind to prevent the battleships ap
proaching the mouth of the harbor of Santiago
sufficiently close to have been within easy
range of the Colon?"
Captain Parker objected to the question, but
the court refused to sustain the objection and
the question was repeated. Captain McCalla
replied: "None that I know of. The only
ehoal I know of was the shoal on the west
Bide of the channel opposite the Morro."
"Did the battleships go within range of the
Colon?". . ...
"Not from my observation." • ¦
. "Were you so situated as to observe tho fall
of shots from tho fleet?"
"I was." - ; ' . •.:,:¦', '¦ . v. •••.¦ .¦
•"Where did they fall?"
"I think I saw every shot nred. They all fell
short that I saw. One very nearly reached the
Colon." . • •' ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ 1 . . .;.<-.•¦. :¦ .
The Witness said that the American, ships
engaged In the Colon bombardment steamed ln
a distance about two .miles. . . <..,... -
Captain McCalla testified at some length con
cerning the weather' and the sea on May 26
and 27. He said there was no difficulty la
coaling on the 27th, as the sea was smooth.
The witness said he had been present during
a conference of commanding officers on the
Brooklyn while the fleet was off Santiago on
May 24. Describing what took' place,- ho
said: .. -. -.
4 "The commanding officers were ordered on
board the Brooklyn on May 29. It was with
regard . to the work of blockade. I can only
remember one specific thing, which took place
at the close, and that was that Captain Evans
asked Commodore Schley If the Spanish ships
came out if be was going for them. He
said, 'Certainly,' and then arranged for a sub
division of fire from the ships under his com
mand on the Spanish, ships should they come
out."
On cross-examination by Mr, Raynor > the
witness said he had failed to execute an order
from Admiral Remey delivered while he was
ln command off Cienfuegos and directing that
all -except the smallest vessels be withdrawn.
He had, he said, failed. to leave the small ves
sels there.
"Did you do that on your own responsibil
ity?" •
"On my own responsibility." . ; ¦
Referring to the fact that he had Informed
Captain Chadwick, Admiral Sampson's chief
of staff, of the code of signals arranged for
communicating with the Insurgents, he said
he did not in any way communicate with the
commander in chief. . ¦= .
Mr. Raynor— According to the customs and
regulations observed In cases of that sort was
it not your purpose that this communication
should- go to the commander in chief through
his chief "of staff? ¦ ?/¦ ..."
. "Certainly," was the reply, .
The witness said further that he. thought It
had been common knowledge at -Key West
after his "arrival there on May" 19 "that the
Cuban Insurgents were on the coast near Cien
fuegos. but that no Information was given con
cerning the secret code. ; He ' had, he said,
failed to give the code to Commodore Schley
when he passed him, when the commodore was
on his way to Cienfuegos.. He said:
"I would have gone alongside and given him
my information."
He had ordered the Eagle to give Commo
dore Schley Information concerning the pres
ence of Insurgents, ¦ but had not ¦ given the
secret code to the- commander of that vessel.
He would have done so If he had known the
destination of the squadron. Replying to a
question Captain McCalla' said that Commo
dore Bchley's-fleet while off Santiago had never,
to his knowledge, been withdrawn to any dis
tance from th,e harbor of Santiago.
"Then,". ' said Captain Parker, "that story,
by whomsoever told, is absolutely false?"
"I object," shouted Captain Lemly, in a
voice as sharp as a- pistol -shot. • ¦ *'
"The objection Is sustained." said Admiral
Dewey,- "The question Is highly improper."
On redirect examination Mr. Hanna asked:
"If Commodore Schley had signaled you to
come on the Brooklyn and had stated to you
that his destination was Cienfuegos would you
or not have.. communicated to. him tho secret
signal to which you have- referred?"
"I would have given him the code, of course,"
answered the witness. <
"Were any ships assigned to the duty of en
gaging the batteries on the. morning of May 31,
ISas. or during that day or to the duty oi en
filading the batteries?" , . .-¦ ... d
WASHINGTON. - Sept. '28.— To-day's session
of the court of Inquiry began as usual at
11 o'clock with the recall of yesterday's wft
nestes for the purpose. of correcting mistakes
in their testimony and allowing other questions
to be asked them when' necessary to make
clear any point which had not -hitherto been
sufficiently elucidated by - them." Captain Mc-
Calla, who had commanded the Marblehead
during the Spanish ! war,, then' continued his
testimony, which had begun yesterday. Mr.
Hanna asked him: •. ¦ ' ¦ -
Communicate With Cubans.
McCalla Says Admiral Could Wot
SCHLEY HAD NO SECRET CODE
that Cervera's fleet was not Inside the harbor
at that point and had not been there.' He
had, he said, delivered this Information about
3 o'clock.
Describing the cruise from Cienfuegos to San
tiago, Commander Southerland said that from
midnight of May 20 to the afternoon of the
25th the Eagle had met very bad weather. This
was due to the fact that the sea had a "long
roll'! which was very trying to the yacht,
,as the vessel was then one-third full.
¦ "After. 1 o'clock of the 26th, when about
twenty-five. miles from Santiago," he said. "I
.was called alongside the flagship and the com
modore directed me to go to Port Antonio for
coal; and to report rough weather south of
Cuba. My answer substantially was that I
already had three days' coal, as much as the
Marblehead, meaning as much In proportion.
The commodore told me that I had not coal
enough for his purpose and directed me to car
ry out his orders. I then asked him again
very earnestly to let the Eagle remain with
the fleet and coal from the- collier. He very
courteously replied to me that he either very
much regretted or else was very sorry he
could not let me do so, as the Eagle had not
coal enough for his purpose, and again directed
me to proceed, which I did, after communicat
ing with the division commander."
"How much 'coal did the Eagle have?"
'•'Not less than twenty-seven tons."
Mr. Raynor questioned Commander Souther
land concerning his megaphone message to the
Scorpion on May 19, and displayed the log
book of that vessel to show that while other
facts were mentioned as having been mega
phoned by the Kagle, there was no mention of
the fact ihat Commander Southerland had said
anything about the conditions at Cienfuegos.
The witness said in reply to a question that his
own log made no mention of his message.
It was evidently," he said, "a question of
whether the young officer on deck at that time
put down ray exact words "
DISPATCH WAS NOT GARBI/ED.
Expert Testifies Begarding. Schley 'a
Message of May 28.
Lieutenant Barnes wa« recalled. Pending
his appearance Mr. Hanna made a statement
concerning the two versions of the Schley dis
patch of May 28. He referred to the fact that
not; only the translation of this dispatch, but
also the translation of a Navy Department dis
patch of May 27 had been called into question.
He, however, gave his especial attention to the
Schley message, saying:
"There Is no more important paper before thr
court than this telegram, and in order to dis
count its importance, in order to weaken its
terrible effect, there have been Introduced on
the record here suggestions that the dispatch
as printed by the Government Is not correct
Now we propose to* show that that dispatch aa
printed ln the appendix to the report of the
chief of the board of navigation for 1898 Is
precisely,- word for word, as that dispatch was
received by the Navy Department from the
wires ' and confirmed by the- telegraph com
pany. We propose to show further that that
dispatch as received by the Navy Department
was cipher word for cipher word as It left the
West Indies. Air it was placed on the wires
in Kingston so It was printed In the appendix.
I don't wish to lay any further stress upon
this matter except to say that in all my ex
perience in "Washington ln connection with the
management of the executive departments by
high officers of the Government and by sub
ordinates I have not found that great depart
ments of; the Government garble their official
documents."
Lieutenant Barnes "was then shown and Iden
tified the cipher copy book of tho auxiliary
cruiser Harvard, which vessel during the war
was under command of Captain (now Admiral)
Cotton. This was the vessel which carried Ad
miral Schley*s dispatch to Kingston, to be
there transmitted by cable to Washington.
Lieutenant Barnes said he was familiar with
the department's cipher code and that last
night and before he had made a translation of
tha dispatches as presented. He then read
his translation and was questioned concerning
it by Mr. Hanna, who asked:
"Have you examined the duplicate ot the
cipher j received at the department and com
pared It with the cipher as It appeared ln
the press copy?" ¦ . '
¦ "I have." "- * • ' - : . - .¦
"Was the cipher message as received by the
department confirmed by ths telorrarh • com^
pany?" .. •; ¦
"It was." " - . ' -
"I will ask you whether In cipher those words
as they appear In that press copybook are
identically the same as those received by the
department, or is there any variation what
ever in word or letter?" . . . ¦ • ,
"They are Identically the same in, word.
Three words as I recollect It have letters
which are Indistinct in one place or the other
and rnlcrht be .mistaken, although there Is no
chance of mistaking the word." • .
"Then I will ask you whether according to
the press copybook that dispatch left Kingston
as it was received at the department In
cipher?" ¦ • ' ¦'.*¦
- "It did. If this was the dispatch, that was
sent of which this is a copy."; ;v- ; ¦.-
Mr. Hanna, holding ln his hand a copy of the
appendix containing the official print of the
'Schley dispatch,, pointed out the discrepancies
between that print and, the translation made
by Lieutenant Barnes from the Harvard cipher
book, which showed that the principal differ
ences were as follow?: The substitution of
the word "heavy" for the word "helpless" in
the arnendix translation and the omission of
the word "leaving" ln tha new translation, re
ferring to the departure from Key West.
The comparison also showed changes such es
the omission of the wor.d "the," and the wit
ness explained that often ln translating cipher
messages the name ot a country la generally
added alter that of a town or particular lo
cality in order to make the Information full
and SDeclflc* He al.sa gave this as the ex
planation of the addition of the word "leav
ing," saying that It was done to bring out the
sense of the- message. With reference to the
word "heavy" for "helpless" the witness said;
"Heavy and helpless are very, close to each,
other ln the cipher code. - A < change of a
single number at the end i which would In
dicate a change of a letter In a word or m
mistaken letter in a word would produce that
sort of a chance."
Mr. Hanna reminded the witness that at the
end of the message an printed ln the appendix
was the following- sentence; "Very difficult
to get cable to hold," which sentence did not
appear ln the copy of the dispatch as preserved
by Admiral Schley In his press copy book. He
then asked whether these words could by any
translation or any legitimate use of the cipher
have been added, or whether they could be due
to a cipher error, pr had . they been simply
added. • ...-.
"They could not have been simply added ln
cipher," replied the witness.
By Mr. Eaynor— I do not think there is any
disagreement between us. There was a dis
patch sent by Commodore Schley, delivered to
Captain Cotton on the Harvard. That dispatch
was translated into cipher on board the Har
vard between Santiago and Kingstoa That
cipher translation came here to Washington
and you made a translation which I have no
doubt is perfectly correct. That translation
seems to, accord in most particulars with the
exception of some trivial things with the
translation you have In the appendix.
Mr. Raynor then cross-examined the witness,
first asking him whether he had any knowl
edge that, the cipher dispatch ln question Is
a correct translation of the dispatch that Com
modore Schley gave to Captain Cotton.
¦ "I have.no special knowledge that it is." the
witness replied. .'."
'.'"Who has the original dispatch,* the original
English dispatch, of which this Is a press
copy?" . : - : . '-
. "I do not know. I rsuppose that the captain
of the. Harvard has H among his papers. It
cannot ! be found among the papers he has
turned In at the Navy Department."
Mr. Raynor: "Then we have here this case:
it was shown; conclusively by Captain
McCalla's testimony that the secret code
to be used in carrying on communication
with the Cubans with a view of learning
the position of the Spanish fleet was never
given to Schley ana that the commander
of the flying squadron was practically
working. in the uark when he could have
been supplied with valuable information.
; Mr. Siayton did not press his request to
be allowed to appear as counsel for Ad
miral Sampson, aa he had announced that
he would do. . He wrote a second letter. to
the court, renewing his application ana
recounting the times that Admiral Samp
son's- name had: been brought into the
case, but he left the city later in the day,
requesting the court to hold up the matter
for the present.
Commander Southerland explained tho
condition of the Eagle during the cam
paign- and told of the part that vessel
•played. He said the slow progress made
ih ihe cruise. to Santiago was due to the
fact that the: vessel was one-third full of
water, lie also told of signaling the
Scorpion to inform Commouore fachiey
that tne Spanish, squadron was not in.thu
harbor at Cienf uegos. . Capiain McCalla
said that he had suggested to Schley
after the battle off banUago that there
was glory enough in the victory tor all.
.WASHINGTON. Sept. 28.— In the Schley
court of inquiry to-day Captain McCalla
of, the Marblehead continued his testi
mony, which was began yesterday, and
the court heard the testimony of lieuten
ant Commander W. H. H. Southerland,
who 1 commanded the Eagle during the
Spanish war, and also that of Lieutenant
Casslus. B. Barnes. The latter is a cipher
expert In the Navy Department,'. and his
evidence .was devoted, to showing that the
dispatch from Commodore Schley to the
Navy-.Pepartment of j May- 28", 1898,- saying
that he could not, much to his regret,
obey the orders of the department, as
printed in -'the' official reports, was a cor-;
rect translation of the message as for
warded fronlthe Harvard af Kingston. 3
SCHLEY RAIDS TO GET
CODE OF THE CUBANS
McGalla's Testimony Shows Flying Squad
ron's Commander Was Deprived of
Means of Communication Wiih Islanders
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1 901.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scrofula
Few are entirely free from it. , <
It may j develop bo slowly as to causo
little If any disturbance during the whole
period of childhood. ;r y .
, It may then produce Irregularity of the
stomach and bowels, dyspepsia, catarrh,
and marked tendency to consumption
before manifesting Itself in much cutaneous
eruption or glandular swelling. ;.
It Is best to be sure, that you are quite
free from it. and for Its complete eradica-
tion you can rely on
Hood's Sarsaparitla
. The best of all medicines for all humors..
A-2P *;:;: -upon the System.
An old sore or ulcer is not only a source of great bodily discomfort and pairi, Kut the i
constant care, worry and anxiety over one of these malignant festering Iplaces produces an
unhealthy state of the nervous system and the patient becomes morbidly ' sensitive, miserable
and gloomy. No one could be otherwise when haunted by the presence of an inflamed, angry-
looking sore, with a continual discharge, carrying *vvith it the life fluids,' thus fobbing the body
.of strength and vitality. An eating, lingering ulcer naturally fills the sufferer with fear
while noting the daily growth of the sore, from which there is a slow but perpetual discharge
of yellow or greenish watery matter, and feeling the dull, throbbing or sharp shooting, pains
as the poison penetrates the tender tissues and reaches the bone. ? ' • : .--
u. All slow-healing, stubborn sores 'are dangerous. The same germ-producing, cancerr
tainted blood is back of every sore or ulcer, large or small, that does not promptly and perma-
nently heal; the little blister upon the lip oxtongue, the warty growth or mole, upon the cheek \
and other parts of the body, : -> := *-•;•'
About a year ago I wrota tho Medical j + -l _ o i „-__<. ;,,,^a^/>li->fiV>1 Six years ago my lear from the knee .
Department of your company to ascer* «-UU Wlc almost lnipercepuDic to the foot was one solid sore and'
tain whether or not your S. S. S. would turn or nr lumn nru-m tVip» hr^ocf ver y offensive. I spent over $1,000
cure Cancer, as my wife had one on her LUniOr Or lUUlp Upon ZH& DreaSt, on two trips to Hot SprinB8 . LocaI
breast, -which three or four of the best as of ten result in Cancer aS the physicians treated mo to no purpose,
doctors at Creston, Iowa, advised her to , j - . I had about como to tho conclusion
have cut out or removed with a plaster. deeper and more trigh.trul-l00K- to have my leer amputated .when a
Upon receipt ofyour letter, I bought five • _. ,,1« Q __ TM,^ . f^^A friend induced jn.a to try S. S. S. I
bottles and she commenced to take it, lug. Ulcers. 1 ney ieeQ Upon besran td take your .medicine, and
and in less than eight months she was fhp <;amp mnrhid and in Bevo » months it oomplotoly
cured. I did not write you until now be- . e same morDKl ana QeStrUC- curod me . j consider S. S. 8., the
cause I wanted to seo if the cancer would tive materials that are £rener- v B-randest medicine the world 'has
come back agrain. There are no symp- j .,, . ,-i <,-, j 6 .- ev ® r known. My case is a witness
tomsorsigrnsofa return and I write in ated. Wltilin the DlOOd, and today a3 to what S. S. S. will, do
order to let others know what a wonder- :~a n ~,~, n 4.:~*, ~~A A^~4- *.' when taken regularly. Ihave gain-
ful medicine your S. S. S. is. My wife mnammatlOn and destruction ed2O pounds. I write this to (how
u-ed, just 17M bottles, but the Cancer o f ficcii^ w ;i1 rnnrinim iiicf*cr» the company my appreciation of .
was cured after she had taken 12 or 14. OI ussue wm Continue JUSt SO thelr wonderful medicine, and I am
I feel aa thousrh your S. S. S. could not lone as this iniDUre matter is "ady to write a letter at any time
be too highly recommended. °. , ., liu^uiv. w to any ona vrUhinBr further infor-
. Q. E. BIMEOAB, Thayer, Iowa. . Carried through the Circulation mation. _ ¦¦ _
. , i ii '11 J. Jts. iAJjj3!jxtr, Wmona, Miss.
to these old sores and ulcers.
Washes, salves, nor anything else applied directly to the sore can do any permanent 1 good ;
neither does the use of the knife or flesh destroying plaster cure, for local causes have nothing
to do^with these germ-breeding plague spots. You might cut out every particle of the diseased
flesh and scrape the bone, but another sore would come. The germs or poison in the blood must
be destroyed, the stream of sluggish, polluted blood purified and made strong before the heal-
ing process begins and the sore or ulcer can get well. S. S. S. is the only remedy known that
can and does accomplish this. It cleanses and purifies the circulation, and when new, rich blood
is carried through the little veins arid arteries to the sore, it brings about a healthy healing
around the edges, and a permanent and thorough cure is soon effected. S. S. S. not only
S* i_^ B^^_ ~^ "i— ex P e^ s a^ impurities, but works a complete and radical
if^as^sJ tf^/F^h change* in the entire system by stimulating inactive organs,
\ toning up the nerves, increasing the appetite, and aiding
%^j^*^ the digestion arid assimilation of food, thus building up the
I^J/3 1 S^Zjfc I we£^k and wasted constitution. S. S. S. is strictly and
F^"*^y entirely a vegetable, medicine, and no^ bad effects follow
its use, and for this reason it is better 'than Mercury and
Potash or other minerals, which not only ruin the stomach, but often produce most stubborn
and offensive sores themselves. - :
Prompt treatment should be given a sore or ulcer, no matter how small it may. be,
whether external or internal, for what you think a simple sore, may, in reality, be an unde-
veloped Cancer. Our physicians will gladly advise all who need their services, and those who
write us will receive valuable suggestions regarding tne treatment of their case free of charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I B.KATSCHINSKI
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
I A LADIES' SHOE,
I Comfort, Common-Sense /
1 aiid Style Combined, f
H The swell dressed ladles of to-day §
£ are not afraid to wear heavy scled
I shoes, for fashion has decreed that
E the heavy soles are correct- We
| therefore have comfort, common
g sense and style combined. Winter
E Is rapidly approaching: and -we have
I had a ladies' shoe specially built
I to fit all requirements. Finest box
i calf lace shoes, with broad coin
E toes and tips, double soles and mlll-
|j tary heels, win be sold for $2.00 a
I pair. Sizes 2% to 8, widths A to EE.
Viscolized $3.50 Shoes
I For men are saturated with Vlscol
| oil and are absolutely waterproof.
£ neatly made " and strictly up to
I date.
| Alaska Seail&OO Shoes
i t?Jt o * men A have been thoroughly
IM tested and proven waterproof. We
guarantee every pair. .... -
COUNTRY ORDERS €OLICITED.
*,TCt.n£ ave , no br anch stores nor
tra\elins salesmen. 31
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.li
IO THIRD STREET. Wf
San Francisco. L Ml
!
Twelve Years ef
A. E; Auringer.'Braldwood', Ills., says:
"After suffering r untold agony for over
twelve years from, both forms of piles,
and trying all sorts of pile remedies with-
out relief, I am completely cured. by Pyra-
mid Pile Cure." •-• Sold by all druggists, 50
cents a box. Book, "Piles, Causes and
Cure," mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall,'- Mich," *"' ' .-. -.-•¦ ¦ y ..¦¦ :. : : - - •¦
iw Pe-ru-na ||1 Exhaustion.
/[(Mayor BJ-IrvinTIU
\i \of Washington Ga./ /
VjIV — mimmmm
Hon. B. J. Irviri, Mayor of "Washington, "When life seemed almost a burden I be-
Ga., in a recent letter to the Peruna gan taking Peruna. and with the us© of
Medicine Co., of Columbus, O., says: the fl f th b .°" le J -found myself in a
* normal condition. I have since enjoyed
"/ have frequently used Peruna in the best of health."— Hal. p. Denton.
my family and have found it an ex- f* .» «¦ ' t -*-lr r '^a/Q*
cellent remedy for colds and as a Mf^^^^&S^^^^%^Ji
tonic. I often recommend it to my Q^^!^^:y-Vf^:V?:*^ :^ivV^-^^^Sy
The politician of all men must needs be r ~ '
in good health and splendid spirits. V \ yfflys£'$t?'- £&""*" '•' /
There is nothing so exhaustive ' to body V *ot*"v'.- f ~^T
and mind as to conduct a political cam- li |^%;''«®r 7^^^ w '•'•'•'
paign with the spirit and vim, courags 1 W/tfp*!? g»re>: f>jc'<-
and intellect that characterize a political ' Y/Zov&kl ' s !«•-'¦'•
campaign in the United States. f/W/wJi /L^][§ TT-'-'\
Sometimes these campaigns require the Wy/msJi /i^0^k [/:•'¦''>'¦
speakers and managers to sleep in a dif- Vw//Mk>^M^^S K : '/'.'-<' V
ferent bed every night, eat at different VWM/J)j}kC^^^Z^'*r-''--'''^ vk
hotels every day, travel by day and speak 1 ¥/yy/yy0^M '£''•' -'.'•>''\\
at night for many months at a time. No tW/Wyy^'K >c—— . =• "A/- '<¦'•*•'»' '' v\ I
one can endure this strain without some \\*VywZB x. 5^'/fi- v '''v''''\l
remedy to protect them from. the- vicissl- l£iZ%i\ >v |= 'fJ&%C-' "••"• *.'•!< I
tudes of the climate. Something to in- /r/^*Y\ KMiaM* l ''' : ' : '''' : i
sure good digestion and sound sleep, n,r W J »^S^»sils?Ssi'''' n
something to give nerve and brain the /// 'Ac?^* V K^Qftij2c5Slil[s5®fe $
invigoration necessary to meet such an ill <>^^ ¦'. 'hv*«^sig§giS|=£8 i:|
extraordinary strain. Ill V \X^ ¦w')]\VjS£§3&&I3zI¥'I'
Peruna i3 the remedy to meet each one V\ 'III f3S&<§?^J&s3L h
of these conditions. Perhaps it would be <\\ S*C^*^<&///// S£r*<S§ffl38%3r i!
going too far to say that It Is the only Vv - 5 1V- ' " „ ""^'¦ry
remedy that will do this, but at least it ffS3^^ m^^^^^^^^LL}'<*^\&i
is the best known remedy and the best <&»r L » l "^Jf'
tried remedy and the remedy recommend- - tt« v t /^ t - TS! ¦BnawB-c-on
ed by the most people as exactly adapted ilur ** • Lt ' LIS KOSE^BERG.
to the exposure and exhaustion incident Hon . Louls Bf ose nberg. Deputy Sheriff
to campaign work. , of j aC k soa County. Mo., writes:
Not only- does the politician find It ex- * "¦**•
actly the remedy that suits his needs, but "For the oast thraa vears I havtt
the farmer, the housewife, the clergyman, . rvruio pasi inrao years I nave
the clerk, the society woman and the day aeon ailing from general exhaustion
laborer all alike find Peruna to be not rnuwri hv mv ivnri- in /Aa nar>an*
only curative but preventive. causea oy my ttorK in the recent
In this climate where everybody la campaign, but since I have Used
££ e i£i?K^«Mj^y2 Peruna my health is fully restored."
fixture and like the telephone and the Louis Rosenbera.
electric light could hardly be spared from fcl/u '* "vwuvry.
civilization. u you do not derive prompt and aatl«-
Hal. P. Denton, Chief National Export factory results from the use of Peruna,
Exposition, Philadelphia. Pa., writes: write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
"I was completely run down from over- full statement of your case, and he will
work and the responsibility naturally con- be pleased to give you his valuable advics
nected with the exploitation of a great gratis.
international exposition. My physician Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
recommended an extended vacation. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Jr The biff dr\i cf .^Sl : .
/$? store i of \ California
W In fact, the only Drug Co. in the State where you' can «t%
iW everything you want— we're never out and we always cut them <
m pnc ?* . wcck wc cvcn cut our cut rates. This list bfil
M special prices prevails until Saturday night, October 5th : : \ |\
I Per rS d rf«f« ydr ° 5cn r f5c Martin ' 5 Baltimore Rye 75c 1
I *° IiV R e^ <t^ P clkei ln . b °x- 2 ° C Aj« k To O Tsoap 2 for 25c |
jjL rerolar ajc 4. A food tooth toap « half the price Ml
R Jap l(ose Soap ' 4 cakes 25c Premier Bulb Syringe 85c ; ]|
I !V ¦ 1 Y'^J"** pnee 40c Regular selling price $I.2C • ai
ta Labiache Face Powder 25c finrlp'cD ? AA h oc '¦' ~m\
\l Repilar price 50c— we »eU It rer- UU116 > rCpiO Aiangan 85C Jjj
kI ularjy fcr joe Sells every where for $ i * ' f/J
twv Japanese Cleansing Fluid 15c Listcrinc /^^»<» ¦ ffi
«£ Sozodont • A » ltT ! n S I 0 *" 3$ c w « the regular iiMI
m Bdlad e on r n a 'pi7c7^l"Tf oc Cuticura Soap ' • • I5c i
WV Von r " Jl oar 'H 0^ prfc Jtxt la /////
)\V^ Red Cross Cotton . • 35c Carter's Liver Pills 15c iwlClaudio Jiminez;" . a collector for Dr. E.
CaJderon. appearefl in -Judge Fritz's court
vesterday on a charge of felony embez
zlement/ As it was admitted that the
charge could Tiot'- be sustained, and that
the defendant had, ijiade the amount good,
the case was; not "prosecuted.
Jlmincz Not Prosecuted.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Sept. 28.—
The ship J. B. Thomas, reported off Cape
Flattery yesterday in distress, arrived
here at 2 o'clock this morning in tow of
the Sea Lion. The Thomas sailed from
Tacoma September 20 with 1800 tons of
coal. On the 24th, during a severe gale,
ghe sprang a leak and as the water kept
gaining on the pumps she headed for the
straits. Upon arriving here there was
seven and a half feet of water in her hold
Disabled Vessel Beaches Port.
TUBA CITY. S<;pt. 2$.— The body of
Michael ."M-eGrath was found -"In," the river
below .-Nicholau? yesterday. '" He was a
resident o"f that place and had been miss
ing for several days. ¦ The drowning was
.accidental- : }¦ '¦ '¦ .¦-. ¦ • - ¦
Body Found in the River.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2S.— After an all-night
session the operating employes of the
South Side elevated railroad (the Alley
*'L"> struck at 5 o'clock this morning,
because of the refusal of the company to
grant a horizontal increase of 25 cents per
man for a ten-hour day. This afternoon
President Carter and representatives of
the strikers held a brief conference. Mr.
Carter offered a 10 per cent raise to all
the men on the road. The strikers are
said to be looking with favor . on this
preposition and it is believed probable
that the strike will be declared off offi
cially.
Strike on Elevated Road.
Pensions granted: California: Original —
Thomas B. Rushmer, Angels Camp, $6;
Thomas W. Maxwell. Sulphur Creek, 56;
.George P. Bassett, San Jose, $8; James
Gormley. Veterans' Home, Napa. $8. In
crease — Edward W. Hewitt, Highland-
Park. $4: Henry R. Monroe, Los Angeles,
$12; Henry Fair, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, 512: Edgar Ransom Coffee, Sacra
mento, $S; Charles Blake, National Mili
tary Home. Los Angeles, $10. •
Orejron: Original— Robert A. Gray. Tal
ent. 56. Increase— Martin Butler, Philo
math, $12.
Washington: Increase — Charles E. Dun
ning. Spokane. $S; James H. Stewart,
Sumner, $10; William A. Jov, Spokane, 512.
i WASHINGTON, Sept. 2S.— Postmasters
commissioned: Washington— Ethel S.
¦\Villson Charleston; Rose, Matthews, Ot
ter. Appointed: California — Gordon H.
Darby. Usal, Mendocino County, vice Ed
ward T. Paulson, resigned. Washington-
John S. Bell, Brush Prairie. Clarks Coun
ty, vice Robert AVatson removed.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
Pay Two Million Dollars for the Fa
mous.La Esquadra Property ;
¦¦'¦¦'¦¦. ."-... J- at Ocatlan. ' : '
AUSTIN*. Tex.. Sept. 25.— Frank A. Vick
«ry.:a, prominent mining man of Ocatlan.
State of Oaxaca; Mexico. : who arrived
here to-day. . ; says^ that the Rothschilds
have just purchased the famous La Es
quadra copper mines at- Ocatlan.. The
consideration was $2,000,000 in gold. It is
the bl^rgest mining deal that has taken
place in Mexico since the purchase of the
Iguaran copper mines by the Rothschilds
a few years agro. The La. Esquadra mine
produced S50S.W0 worth of ore during 1900.
and the output for the present year will
greatly exceed -that amount. The Roths
childs by this purchase secure control of
jiU the principal pry?«t: producing- copper
mines of MpxIco.'' They are working 15,000
men at their mines at Cananoa, Lower
California: 2000 men at Iguaran. and prob
ably 10.000 more men are employed in their
•various, other copper properties in that
country. : . > . .'¦ . :.¦'¦¦
HOTHSCHTLDS PUB-CHASE :
JtEXICAN- COPPEK, MINES
SEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— John Jacob As
tors magnificent yacht Xourmahal was
ba/Jly damaged and strained by being in
collision in the lower bay this afternoon
•with, the Xorth Star, the latest addition
to the fleet of the Maine Steamship Com
pany. The latter vessel had four of her
plates stove in and about a dozen feet of
her railing carried away. Although there
¦were about 300 excursionists aboard her
at the time, there was no excitement, but
aboard the Xo.unnahal. which pot tan
gled up with the •steamship, confusion pre
vailed This was- due to the fact that the
yacht was dragged- along for some dis
tance by the headway of the liner, and
during that interval her deck was awash.
When the yaehr finally freed - herself,
she rolled heavily, and it seemed that she
¦was going to founder. She righted her
self, however, and when it was ascer
tained that there -was no great damage
below the water.'Mne she proceeded on her
way to her anchorage. The North Star
stood by the injured yacht until the dan
ger was over,-- and- -then went on her way
to her dock. •,..-:, - : ;i. ¦¦ •-• ; *:y-
The JCooirxnahal has about twelve feet
of her port rail and. netting, lorn away.
• 3-iner North Star Collides "With, the
2£illionaire's Magnificent
Pleasure Craft
JOH2T JACOB ASTOR'S
UOTntMAHAIf DAMAGED
According- to a renorf Turkev has 30,000
troops at Basra ion the Shat-el-Arab,
seventy miles from its mouth, in the Per
sian Gulf), commanded by Edhem Pasha,
with the object of seizing Koweyt, though
the Turks assert that the troops are in
tended to traverse Arabia with the object
'Ct suppressing disaffection in Yemen.
BOMBAY. Sept:' 2S.— A British naval
force is concentrating in the Persian Gulf.
Three warships are already on the spot
and they will be augmented by the gun
boat Assaye, which has already left Kur
rachee. and the flagship, the second-class
cruiser Highflyer. The third-class cruiser
Pomone will also sail . for - the Persian
Oulf so eoon as she. has coaled. It is be
lieved that fresh trouble is impending at
Koweyt. :. ¦¦.-
Aguinaldo will then be the only one of
the insurgents who has taken the oath of
allegiance and his future will be in his
own hands.
Aguinaldo, however, insists he would be
Bafe from attack if allowed to go free.
He still believes himself the leader of his
people and that they would all support
him and whatever cause he espoused.
Chaffee has no fear that Aguinaldo could
start another insurrection and he has rec
ommended to the War Department the
withdrawing of the guards about Agui
naldo' s house. He would not formally
release Aguinaldo. but as he Is living like
other people in Manila, with the excep
tion of a military guard, the guard could
be discontinued, removing all semblance
of restraint upon him. He could then go
where he pleased, having taken the oath
of allegiance, and there would be no dis
tinction given him.
General Corbin has indorsed ChttfTee's
recommendation and Secretary Root will
act upon it when he returns to Washing
ion.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.-The War De
partment is considering the advisability
of quietly withdrawing the guards from
the house occupied by Aguinaldo in Ma
nila ar.d allowing him to have such lib
erty as he pleases to take. General Chaf
fee believes this would be the easiest way
of disposing of Aguinaldo. The former
leader of the Insurrection is not consid
ered as a danger to the peace of the isl
and, as his followers have given up their
arms and surrendered. They pay no at
tention to him in captivity and Chaffee
believes they would pay no more atten
tion to him free and at large. The Gov
ernment does not care to punish him. and
it ha6 kept him prisoner only for his own
protection from the friends of General
Luna, whom Aguinaldo had murdered.
The Secretary- of War has him kept a
prisoner because it would be a reflection
upon this Government to allow him to be
murdered in the streets of Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Edhem Pashg, • at • the Head
of the Turkish Troops Is
Camped at Basra.
General Chaffee Believes the
Former Leader's Power
Is Broken.
Military Guard Will Be
Removed From His
House.
England Believes Fresh
Trouble Is Impending
at Kowey t. : •
AGUINALDO SOON
TO BE SET FREE
WARSHIPS SAIL
TO PERSIAN GULF
CTJTTER GRESHAM AND
YACHT ERIN COLLIDE
NEWVY0RK. Sept. 2S.-Sir Thomas Lip-
ton's steam yacht Erin narrowly escaped
a serious accident to-day, when, just after
the Shamrock and the Columbia had
rounded the turn, the United States rev
enue cutter Gresham collided with her.
Both boats were doing patrol duty, the
Gresham in the hands of Thomas B.
Walker and the Erin for the day in
charge of Lieutenant Bcedeker, of the
United States revenue cutter service. In
starting to clear the course for the home
stretch the Gresham apparently tried to
cross the bow of the Erin. There was
evidently a misunderstanding of signals
by the Gresham. and it was too late
when at last she tried to back out and the
Erin put on full steam ahead. The rev
enue cutter struck the yacht a glancing
blow on the port quarter, some thirty or
forty feet from the stern. A plate was
bent, some paint rubbed off end the rail
bruised. An inside athwartship deck beam
was buckled. When the Gresham came up
later to ask what damage was done Sir
Thomas himself from the bridge said
through a megaphone:
"I know you could not help it. You are
the last man in the world to do such a
thing. Only let me get to Sandy Hook
and I don't care. There is not a cent's
worth of damage. It is all right."
;. Aboard in the cabin hesaid: "It was a
narrow escape. If the Gresham had
struck us amidships we would probably
have been sunH., Commander Walker is
a special friend of mine and I know he
is much sorrier for what -has happened
than I:"
Meantime the Shamrock had taken a
tow from her tender and had drawn out
of the ruck of the steamers. Escorted by
the Erin, which showed a bJg hole that
The Corsair set American flags at both
peaks, gaffs and taffrail. Soon the whole
fleet blossomed out in the national colors.
The Corsair went alongside the defender
and her crew gave three cheers, which
the Yankee tars aboard the Columbia an
swered with bared heads. The whole fleet
seemed anxious to escort the Columbia to
her anchorage. .
As she crossed three lengths ahead the
enthusiasm broke out again with re
doubled energy. Every Yankee skipper
grabbed his whistle cord and made a ter
rific noise and din. Sirens wailed and the
white steam jets- made it look as if every
ship in the fleet had broken her steam
chest. The Corsair. J. P. Morgan's steam
yacht, threw her power Into smoke.
Everybody cheered. Men and .women
jumped up and down for very joy. Not a
few hats tossed Into the air fell over
board, but their owners cared not. .
But when the racers had spread their
wings, spinnaker matching mainsail and
balloon jibs drawing forward, and the
white flyer Columbia bfRan to eat up the
green water between her and the chal
lenger, drooping spirits began to rise, and
when the yachts got on even terms, about
half way home, the bands began to play
and the people raised a cheer.
As they approached the Ilnlshllne, the
Columbia leading by a half-dozen lengths,
all the pent-up enthusiasm, burst forth.
About a quarter of a mile before they
reached the line, the goiaen boat blank
eted the white one and for a moment she
ran up alongside and it looked as If she
would be first home. Cheers died in pa
triotic throats. Suddenly, as the Colum
bia luffed off and got her wind clear, she
forged ahead and came tearing down like
mad.
The Yankee skippers were too polite
not to pull their whistle cords, but tho
toots were not loud nor long, and the
bands did not play "Columbia, the Gem
of the Ocean."
The Shamrock wore around, with her
spinnaker pole to starboard, like a lance
in rest, and the big steam yacht Erin, with
the "bloody hand of Ulster 1 ' in the Royal
Ulster Yacht Club ensign at her taffrail,
opened her whistle Jong and loud. It was
the first time Sir Thomas had felt the joy
of victory, and he and his party probably
enjoyed it to the full.
carried the "yachts^along the "Long Island'
shore straight out to sea. The start was
thrilling. The yachts bounded away
across the line like a couple of runaway
horses, the challenger a half-length ahead
and to windward, in the maneuvering be
fore the start Captain Sycamore had
given the wily Yankee skipper a genuine
surprise, returning a Roland for the Oli
ver he received on Thursday. Just when
Barr thought he had .him under his lee
the Englishman deadened his headway
and then luffed under the Columbia's
stern into the weather berth. This victory
for the Shamrock at the very first of the
race the Columbia could not overcome in
the iong beat to windward.
. The two big yachts were an inspiring
sight to the spectators as they plunged
seaward, pounding great fountains of
spray from their bows and drenching the
crews lined up along the weatner rail.
They heeled to the wind until their lee
rails were awash in the swirling, bubbling
seas, and from the windward side they
showed yards of their bronzo under
bodies. Neck and neck, tack and tack,
they raced like a team of horses. Dismay
began to be written on the faces of the
patriots as Barr tried once, twice and
rinally a third time to crosa the bow of the
foreigner, only to be forced around each
time by tho lean golden muzzle of the
Britisher. ¦ Visions of the dear old cup,
that means the yachting supremacy of the
world, vanishing across the waters danced
before their eyes.
On and on they flew, turning twin wings
of foam from their bows, and the Colum
bia seemingly falling back rather than
gaining. The hearts of the patriots sank
lower and lower. As the yachts got far
ther out the swells lengthened and the
white flyers seemed to labor more heav
ily in the long waves.
Just after passing Long Beach Hotel,
with its verandas and windows . filled
with people, the old City of Paris, now
the Philadelphia, of the American line,
came foaming in from the east with a
bone in her teeth. She headed slightly
northward between the. «racers and the
shore, in order not to impede them with
her wash and went like an express train,
dipping her flag in salute. Her passen
gers and crew lined her rail for a sight of
the exciting spectacle until she was far
down to port. The vessels in the excur
sion fleet by this time were rolling badly.
Many of the spectators were forced to the
seclusion of their, cabins, and many were
Kept near the rails. The excursion vessels
Tormed a crescent about the stake boat
as the yachts rounded the outer mark,
out it was a doleful fleet. • ;
Continued From Page Thirteen.
the revenue cutter Gresham had stove in
her port quarter, she headed for the berth
behind the hook. Some of the excursion
boats dropped back to salute the popular
sportsman, who has bepji game enough
to make a second effort to lift the cup,
and then the whole fleet moved on in a
jnad race for home, many of the skippers
Ukeeplng their whistles going until they
.reached the Narrows at the entrance of
the upper bay.
.When it was all over Sir Thomas Lipton
showed himself the thorough sportsman,
he is.
"Well.*! he said, as he stood on the
deck of the Erin, "that's one dot against
us. But in my own heart I am just as
hopeful as 1 was this morning, for I feel
that if I only have a wind I am all right.
It was a fair and square race, not a fluke,
but it was not Shamrock's day. ¦ We want
a breeze that will put that deck" six inches
under water, and then you will see a race. :
Be sure of one thing— I was licked fairly j
to-day."
Captain Bob Wringe. who was on the
bridge of the Erin, at Sir Thomas Llpton's
eibow, said: - . ...
_*'If we get a fresh breeze we will lift
the cup yet. A nine to twelve knot breeze
is what we want.*'
AHEHICA1 TACHT BEATS CHALLEHGER
LONDON, Sept. 28..— The London crowds
began to watch the bulletin boards, col
ored bombs and variegated flashlights
without much hope of the challenger
winning, but when it was announced that
the' Shamrock was ahead at the turn of
tho outer mark, the immense assemblages
at the Crystal and Alexandra palaces and
on the Thames embankment became sur
prisingly cheerful, and as the successive
green illuminations showed the Shamrock
was still leading after the turn, expecta
tion of her winning rose to a certainty:
but when, shortly after the turn, red
tires and red rockets suddenly announced
that the Columbia was leading and later
that she had won, the amazed multitudes
stood silent. Here and there was a *"ild
American screech and a few groans and
hisses, and then the disgusted crowds
siowly broke up.
The scant accounts of the race circu
lated in the extra editions of the evening
papers and on the ticker tapes, describ
ing the keenness and closeness of the fin
ish have, however, restored popular faith
somewhat in the possibility of the Sham
rock's final success, though more experi
enced judgment, taking both days' per
formances together, does not get much
consolation. The betting has almost
ceased, though around the hotels some
Americans rather freely offered two and
three to one on the Columbia to-night.
SHORT-LIVED EXUBERANCE
OF CROWDS IN" LONDON
"It's all right/ but provided no one was
hurt I would lose a dozen Krins if neces
sary to lift the cup." -
The Erin's small boat was promptly
manned, and within a few seconds after
the crash the men stood ready to lower
away, if necessary, but fortunately it was
not necessary, as Sir Thomas himself an
nounced from the bridge to his startled
guests:
I SALINAS, Sept. 28.— At a recent meet
ing of the Women's Christian Temperance
Union of this city it was decided not to
allow the San Francisco Examiner to be
left at the free reading room. The reason
for taking such action was that the pa
per is not a fit publication for the public
to read, being too sensational and not re
liable.
Women Bar Hearst's Papsr.
It was a . dirty trick. The idea of using
family troubles as weapons and striking at a
prominent club over the head of a woman is
extremely low. Mrs. Halsht has asked for a
divorce, it is true, but neither in the com
plaint nor in her conversations with me has
she ever tried to blame the Bohemians for
her trouble. In her complaint she alleges that
her husband, in April, 1901, willfully and
wrongfully inflicted grievous bodily injury
upon her, and that is the only ground on which
she asks the court to grant a decree.
Attorney -Henry, who represents Mrs.
Haight, in speaking of the story pub
lished in the Examiner, said yesterday:
In this manner the Examiner is using
the family troubles of the Haights to try
and get even on the Bohemian Club. As
a matter of fact, the Bohemian Club Is
not the cause of the quarrel, and the
friends of the entire Haight family are up
In arms against the Examiner.
The Examiner stated that Haigrht.
through associating with the •"dissolute"
members of the Bonemian Club, neglected
his young wife and made her life so un
bearable that she was compelled to seek
relief through the divorce courts.
• According to the story published in the
Examiner, the Haights lived happily to
gether until the husband became a mem
ber of the Boherplan Club. According to
Hearst's paper, the couple were married
in 1893, were happy in each other's com
pany for several years and then "Mr.
Haight seemed inclined to give up his
home for his club, and the result of his
association with the rapid element in
bohemianism was soon being talked
about"
- That" the Examiner does not care whom
it injures so long as it can attain its own
ends was demonstrated Wednesday morn
ing, when, for revenge, it made an attack
upon the Bohemian Club for ordering the
yellow sheet off the club files. The Exam
iner, accused the members of the club of
being the cause of -a divorce suit insti
tuted against Henry H. Haight, a promi
nent Bohemian, by Gertrude Haight.
Fakes Story Because Yellow
. Sheet Is Ordered, Off
Files.
Accuses Bohemians of
Causing Trouble in
Haight Family.
EXAMINER TRIES
TO BLAME CLUB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SLTNDAY, r SEPTEMBERv 29, 1901.
EXPELLED.
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-ffifflrW, » in Yea!
\ ¦ . _^ ¦summjhiji --— * ¦iii.JBiH ¦Liu him __,, _ . '•a ', r« •
% ¦ . ¦ - - ¦ *C *^^ •S™»»£ ¦ £K
| • :.-.*"" ;_¦ .„ {I)
IIS THE BEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD TO CURE 3
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, j
Biliousness and Flatulency ]
V - r " '¦': \ V? iOR TO PREVENT . g
I Malaria,: Fever and Ague. I
> 3 * — : ! ' ; — ' — — — u ¦ ¦?; — r-r — — — : ! ?**¦ e
| , V Argentine, Mich,, Bay Mills; Mich., S
I Dear Sirs: I have taken your valu- Dear Sirs; Having used your Hos- §
> able medicine for stomach, complaints, tetter's Stomach Bitters, I have found it |
I and of all the medicines I have ever ' g
> taken, your Hosteller's Stomach Bit- , . * S reat preventive as. well as a remedy |
\ ters" excels, them all.; : . for malarial affections. ' i\£ o
5 : /. HUGH M'CAFFERY. ; D. B. M'CABE. J
»¦«¦•" .,¦••¦;•'¦ — "~~~"~-- — ¦— ~®' . ¦ s2 : — —"— — - — r. — : ~~'"~ — . . g; o
! DON'T FAIL TO TRY IT. •' IT WILL SURELY CURE YOU. 1
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Larsra
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left In this sec-
tion of the city. Offered in threo
suhdivisions—
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 63 ft-
on Third st., 83 ft. on Jessie st. Stores ana
offices; rents $523> per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick build ln#
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. S7:i
tt. east of Third St.. and fronting 27:4 ft. oa
Jessie.
3. Three-story and basement brick bulldlns
and lot fronting 60 ft. on Stevenson st.. U7:S
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. on
Jessie St. Annual Income from these last two
pieces $4000; can ba separated and Increased
with small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Proper^.
Nos. 310. 912 and 91* Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages. 49:8 fe«ft
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery arenu*]
will pay well when properly Improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-019.
Dupont Street. - ,• •! '.•?
Nos. 882-834 Washington street.
Bttween Washington and Jackson: lot 47:9
feet by 137:S feet; best location la Chinatowns
present rental $153 per month.
Large, centrally located corner brick build*
ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of 'W«s>b-
lngton street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 6l:S by 137;S feet; rent*
$350 per month.
Three Large Pieces of Property In.
Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of ths dtyf
described a» follows:
Almost entire block bounded by Vt& &a4
19th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas . street frontase of 200 feet, from
Arkansas . to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street, S. W. corner of ¦Wisconsin,
96:10 feet on 19th by S3 feet on Wisconsin st, ;
gee diagrams for further particulars, or th» :
Referees.
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. I'MBSEN, 14 Montgomery SU-
P. J.- SULLIVAN, Parrott Building..
$.5000!
| INTEREST IN A
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
PROFITS $IOOO¥$I2OO Monthly.
For particulars apply to
The American Guaranty £ Trust Co,,
328 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BY ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties.
Monday, October 7, 1901,
12 O'CLOCK NOO2T. . Jib*!?
At Salesrooms or ¦ ' ""TT)
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
No. 14 Montgomery Street.
. Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble,
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- fOffi* 1 !
cent and one dollar gitii^SS^
sizes. You may have a g-|ij§MfS-
sample bottle by mail t * J £SBg^lsgggI
free, also pamphlet tell- Home ct Swamp-Root. 1
ing all about it. Including many of tho
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and
mention this paper.
DB. SILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. '
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Troubled
Kidney trouble, preys upon the mind, dl*-'
courages and lessens ambition; beauty, vigor
jw and cheerfulness soon
£C\ JPg disappear when the kid-
Trrrfcyw^Sfc^ .. ne ys are out of order
-UmNAiL Mwr^* 0T . diseased. • ? * V '
"Jffi^fc^ Kidney trouble has
j.|B| s^fcl.): _ ~* become so prevalent
* /ftifefteiSif W at * s not uncommoa
/dSSmSJL-~J for a child t0 be bom
N i^^ \nP^t affHcted wtth weaJ t kid-
v*/_^W^Mfe-* neys. If the child urln-
ZHas-****: .ates too often, If the
urine scalds the flesh or if, when the child
reaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment of
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of the
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters,
IB A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOOitA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodtstao and 8p*e4a|
Tonio for the Seiual Organs, tor both him.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th» K1*U
B«ys and Bladder. Bella on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS <k BRUNE, Agents.
S3 Market St.. 3. F.-(Send (or Ctrculan.)
RUPTURE CURE-
The benefit of our large ex-
perience in fitting and curing y*^"*{S^
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method L^J^i
is secured in this office. We
only charge for "-©"^i jUkJ^S/
TRUSSES FmjBBL
We can cure reducible §£gn$f £§
ruptures in 60 days by our S*S|S§k W§
method without pain or loss J5389Ei^bm r^
of time. Over 2O.CC0 cures «V"£?$raili%?
in 10 years. The fee may Ry^gygST
be deposited in a bank, pay- JkJjsIHH^'^^*
able to your own order, to te SJbWBi
handed us when cured; XOT {*» kS
BEFORE. Successful on SgH \Sk ¦ '
men, women and children. 85» EH
Branch offices in all large *f% HH
cities. Consultation free. mB ¦¦
Fidelity Rupture Cure. j§, \ '^
Rooms 4, 5 & 6, Ho. 265^ Kearny St., S. F.'
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME,
"." . •¦.-••". * t
How a.ny man may quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. Tt has completely braced
year* of Buffering from sexual weakness, lost me . U P- x am Just as vigorous as when a boy
Vitality. n* t t io^es. varicocele, etc.. and en- "J-^ SS&S*^
larce small, weak organs to full b!« and vigor. Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
Simply send your name and address to Dr. Li. and vigor have completely returned and en-
V. Knapp. 1S73 Hull building, Detroit, Mich., largement is entirely satisfactory."
and he will gladly 6end the free receipt with "Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full directions so that any man may easily cure trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
v himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen- and can truthfully say It Is a boon to weak
ferrous offer, and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly improved la size, strength
Wfrom his daily mail enow what men think of and vigor." . "--. ' . ¦
w his generosity: '.•",.* AH correspondence Is strictly confidential
"Dear Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
for your* of recent date. I have riven your Is ire* for the asking and he wants every man
treatment a thorough test and the benefit ha« 1 to have it, v.The last days of wile for low rate Excursion
Ticket* to the Pan-American Exposition at
Duffalo will lie October 3 and 4, Only $87 for
the round trip. Th« California LlmlteU leaves
lit 0 a. m., October. 3. Secure your reservations
early at the office of the Banta Ke, G41 Market
street.
A Reminder.
HAN JOSI3, Sfipt. 2*.-(!cor«o Buoi-ger,
who Hh.it and kilted HherltT Vnrlny nt Hn
lliinx In M.'|.|i'it(l»'r. ikihi, whm ituilii v found
KiilHy of munlpr In tho first degron. Th»«
denth H(-niPnt;o will bo pronounced on Ofl.
jober 11. Tht» jury dollbemtc-d clKht houri.
'IhlHwnn Hur'Ks^r'B Kccond trltil. At tho
fit et tho Ktimo vnrdlet wms roturned, A
new trlnl was secured from thfl Supremo
Court nnd tho cane wa« nont here for
hearing. ' .V,',:'
Sueeser Muit Suffer Death.
Queen of the Golf Links.
CHICAGO, flppt. 28.~MIhs BeHsle An-'
thony of Olcnvlcw to-day won th« \W«t
ern women'n Rolf champlnnshlp, (lcfo.it-
Ing Mrs. Hobart ChatMcld-Taylnr of On*
wentsta, 3-up. 1 to piny. Tho game was
a close and pretty exhibition of Rolf nnJ
up to the moment when Miss Anthuny
captured the seventeenth hole there wna
no telling which would win.
Ufnfrnl Hernnndra In th« hrnd of thn
Cr»n*frv«tlv« pnrty ln Veneeueln nnd hn«
iM.wvfwl revolutions ng»i!nnt tho Lllj
eml Government of the republic.
Are Reported Active.
WJMJ2M8TAU. Inlnnrt of Curncno,
Sept. 2S.-nfi>ort»i JiiHt iirrlvfd from Vfltio-
EU«»la confirm the rumnm tlmt th»< pnrtl
hiiii« nf Uonnrnl Jnuti Mnmii'l 1 1 ••« ¦iu\i;tU<y,
nrfl ttctlvf*. A now outbrpjik In fixpecti'U
ut Hcvcrat polntn B|iortly.
PartUimo of Gcnornl Hernando?!,
Head of the Conservativo Party,
NEW OUTBEBAK EXPECTED
EHORTLY IN VENEZUELA
The Egbert Will Not Go to Nome.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.-The Acting
Hf-cret&ry of War has taken ndveine
action on the jiroppfcltlon to Bend tho
transport Egbert lo Cap« Nome. Alaska.
for (he relief of alleged dentltutn miners.
Mr. Mackay and others connected with
the new company are hopeful that Him
concessions they seek will be granted, but
on account of the provisions of the treaty
of Paris relating to the concessions grant
ed by Spain In tho Philippines prior to
American occupation of the islands nomu
doubt nxIstH nn to the right of the Gov
ernment to grant euch a privilege as la
asked to a iirlvnto corporation.
'The project Is different from anything
which has been proposed, as no conces
sions, indemnities nor subsidies are asked,
the proposition being simply that if per
mission to land be granted the cable will
be laid and maintained without any cost
to the Government. The cable company
agrees to give the Government business
right of way. and ln case of war or other
public necessity to permit the cable to be
taken over by the Government. It fur
thermore promises to reduce the far East
ern rates from 40 to 60 per cent below
those now charged."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— John W.
Mackay, president of the Postal Telegraph
Company, the Commercial Cable Com
pany and the newly organized Pacific
Commercial Cable jCompany, has been Jn
Washington for arfew days with George
D. Ward, vice president of the cable com
pany. Their mission was principally to
make arrangements regarding the landing
privileges of their cable which it -is pro
posed to run from San Francisco via the
Hawaiian Islands and Guam to Manila.
The following statement was made by an
official interested in the project on behalf
of Mr. Mackay:
Fflir Id Closed tat Bl»hop.
niBHOP, Hnpt. 28,-Thft fourt««nth an
nunl fair of the Eighteenth district ended
liera liiHt night. There was a splendid
showing of the dlHtrlct reHoureen In thn
pavilion, Tho rncln« wng confined to Tnyo
nnd Mono rounty hor«cn. The Pluto In
alnn nlno from niHhnp won tho bitnehull
tournnment ovor thrmt whlto tenmn.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 2$.— This was the
last day of the Agricultural District Fair,
which has been in progress during the
week. A large crowd was here from San
Francisco and.points 'south of this city.
The attendance was not so Jarge. during
the day as usual, but in the evening those
witnessing the exhibits were greater in
number than on any other night. Kxcur
slons from all directions were run, and the
fair was closed with a grand ilnalc.
The premiums were. awarded at noon,
and many exhibitors were made happy.
The Santa Rosa Orange captured the first
prize for the best display of agricultural
products, the Becond prize going to Walter
Armstrong of Sebastopol. Charles Rever
man and Mrs. Lyman got the third and
fourth prizes. The Sonoma County Horti
cultural Society gained the premium for
fruit In glass and Walter Armstrong land
ed the second prize. C. K. Ellgburn of
Hilton received the first prlzn for the most
striking design of fruitt • Charles Rever
man secured most of -the premiums of
fered for vegetable exhibits. Kaff & Don
ovan had the best general exhibit of
wines and brandies. For the bout collec
tion of paintings by one person the pre
mium went to J. P. Stanley. Mrs. E V
W '2?u, war £u recolved tne P rl!!e for c nl™
exhibit. The most original store window
dinplay prize was given to C. E. Haven
Mnny premium* were nwurded to Marln
County people and a large number of th«
Clovordale ladlea hnd the good fortune to
bo awarded prizes for fancy work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I am pleased that the conference has
taken this stand and adonted. these reso
lution?. Professor Mitchell is a charming
man and you all would like him If you
knew him. l»ut he is not the man for our
Hoston theological institution, and if wo
< an't find the right man in Boston we can
< nmc to California for him."
Bishoi> McCabe Bald:
LOS "ANGELES, Sept. 28.— At the morn
ing session of., the Southern California
Conference .to-day" the," ministers took ac
tion against the Boston Theological Sem
inary as conducted, under the teachings
of Dr. Mitchell." .After much discussion
resolutions, of which the following is the
chief part, were adopted:
"Resolved. That professors of the Bos
ton Theological Seminary are teaching
doctrines contrary to the word of God
and the doctrines of the Methodist Epis
copal church; therefore, be it
"Resolved. That the Southern California
Conference does hereby express its em
phatic disapproval of guch teachings, and
that we withdraw from the Boston Theo
logical Seminary our Indorsement as a
conference and that we advise our young
men to attend some other theological
school."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Awards Distributed by
Judges at the Santa
Rosa Fair.
Southern California Min
isters Oppose Boston
¦•: H ; ':¦': ¦'¦: School.
John W. Mackay and
His Associates Visit
Washington.
RARE PRIZES
FOR EXHIBITORS
SEEK TO SPEED
PACIFIC CABLE
VOTE AGAINST
THE SEMINARY
MADURA, fippt, 28,-The closing per
formivncft of Mndern's flentft took plnce
thin afternoon und wns iittonded by the
Irtrgest number of people nsiemblod on
uny dny durlnK tho week, fully 2500 beln«
preient. Thnra was up Inereono in the
number nf women, the majority of whom'
wero of Spanish extraction,
The lintidcrlll.18 were uaod on th« biillti
for the lint time nnd tho fight cdma Viih?
being u Koiiuin* one, but the Sheriff Inter
fered whan the sword was brought out to
gtvo tho rtnal cut to thri, bull? Cantnln
HamUoN and hl» uaulBtantB gave an pxHt"
itiff exhibition of their ikllf In flxinj the
gaudily decorated darts on the bull's
ne j k V. Th i° bntide «" llHB "tigered the animal
ar $u ho ?& ttt ? e S! J} 11 *, tormentor* furiously
When the bull hnd been mude HUfflclcnN
ly annry Captain Ramltos brouBht h Its
long sword, with which he intended to
dispatch the animal, but tho Sheriff and
two deputies compelled him to Bheath his
weapon. One of the bulls broke down tho
fence and ran about In the space between
the Inner and the outer corral, scaring the
privileged onoa who occupied positions
thero and causing considerable excite
ment. No one was hurt. •
OFFICERS IN MADERA
SAVE THE BULL'S LIFE
On our second morning out from Liverpool,
Friday. August 16, 1801, about 6:40 a. m., John
McCullough of New STork and the writer were
seated at the head of the main stairs on board
the 'Bteamer Teutonic, bound for New York,
when Sir ;Thomas came up the stairs. At the
landing ..we arose and extended the morning
greeting, when he asked us to be seated. Dur
ing the conversation we wished he might win
the coming race, as we believed It would create
a livelier interest in; yachting for the future;
when, unsolicited on our part and without any
reserve on his part, he went on to tell us how
his captain had sold out two years ago (for
about two hundred or three hundred pounds—
I am not certain whether he said two or three
hundred), but that his crew was true as steel.
We then said to him that when he found his
captain whs not doing what was right he
should have discharged htm. Mr. Lipton re
plied that he was not a sailor and that he
could not sail the boat, but that this time he
had the designer with htm and Captain Syca
more, who were the best and truest sailors in
all England. In a general conversation he was
quite Bevere with his former captain.
B. F. WADE.
Here is the letter he received from Mr.
McCullough:
NKW YORK, Sept. 3. .
Mr. B. P. Wade, Toledo, O.— Dear Sir: Yours
of August 26 received. The conversation we
had with Sir Thorium Klpton la. correct. I re
member tt distinctly, but them appeared In one
of our papers the statement crediting you with
Baying that Blr Thomas told you his crew wai
disloyal, lie denied ever making such a state,
ment nnd from your letter you evidently did
not elthnr, Homn reporter got your stRtement
twl»tfd aa regards the crew and It was evi
dently shown to 8lr Thomas, aa he camn out
with a prompt denlnl. You liavo got the cor
rect conversation, which wa» to the effect that
the crew wuro loynl, hut that thfl Halllnjj man.
tf«r nn<1 thnsn who w#ra Immediately undor
him were not. JOHN MgCU!<M>UUH.-
Following 1» the statement made by Mr.
Wade and appended thereto is the letter
he received from Mr. McCullough:
TOLEDO. Ohio. Sept. 28.— Several weeks
ago a statement wns published to the
effect that Blr Thomas Ltpton, on his re
cent trip ucross the waters to this coun
try, made tho statement that one of his
captains sold him out ln the last race for
£300. This statement was credited to B.
V. Wade, for years one of tho foremost
business men of this community, who
said Sir Thomas made that remark to
him when they were fellow-passengers.
Sir Thomas promptly denied it.
Mr, Wade remembered that a prominent
wholesale merchant of New York, John
McCullough, of the Belfast Linen Hand
kerchief Company; had been present and
overheard the statement. He was rather
nettled at Sir Thomas' curt denial of the
assertion and wrote to Mr. McCullough
for a confirmation.
clared He Was Sold Out Is
Confirmed.
Published Statement That He De-
LIPTON'S CHARGE AGAINST
ONE OF FORMER CAPTAINS
A Great Day.
To«morrow tho greutent dny of nil for
P. C. Kelly, the amitgnee of the Lyceum
Clothing Co., $20 all-wool men'n milt* and
overcoats for »i 65. 1000 will be nolU to
morrow at 773 Market, near fourth. •
Father of Colonel Dubocc Weds.
Augustln Dubocc, father of the late
Colonel Victor Duboee of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers, has been united In
marriage to Mm. Henrietta Klnnlgnn by
the Rev. 8. D. liutslnplller of the Central
Methodist lCplscopul Church. The groom's
age Is "•>. An informal reception was held
lust ui)-,' lit at the home of Mr. Dubocc,
7% Langton tUteut. - ¦
He holdn the Important. po»t of regimen
tal adjutant ln th« Klrat Regiment.
I.ARgun of tli» Crop* CndPtM, nnd 1m aluo a
member of the hoard of directors of that
organization. Hn Is also u pant president
of Phil Sheridan Council, Young AI.-h'h
Inntltutt.
The roupiK hnve been the recipients of
a number of hnndnomo prtnent*.
s*^*. N. Thursday, m^rnlnr 1 next, Peter
fl \\' .J. Hnsjfgerty nrirt Minn " Klla M.
II If ntXReruld will ho united In mar-
r)n.Ro In Rt. Poter'H Church. Hev.
Father P. 8. Cnsoy will perform
the. ceremony. Thfl wetldlnjr will bn a
fjul«U one, only th« Immcdlnto frlendn of
tho famlllfiH of thn.'contriictlhg partial uu«
ln« invited to the, nuptial*. , ' ,
Th« ceromony In net for l» o'clock. The
brldo will bo attended by hor ulnter, Mlns
Uo««lti Kltzgerald, nnd tho uroom by A.
J. Bulllvnn. After tho •olotnnlaiitlon of
the marriage the bridal party will repair
to the home of the bride' m parents, 2787
Twenty-fourth «tntet, where the wedding
brcukfiiiit' will be served. The young
couple will then depart for Del Monte,
where they will spend their honeymoon.
On their return they will tnko up their
resldeneo lit 2745 Uryant utreet.
MIks li*ltKgcrald In the eldest dnuRhter
of Mrs. Mary Fltufferuld, a well-known
resident of this city. She Is a. graduate
of St. Peter'u Convent. She Is accom
plished and has a large circle of friends.
Mr. Haffgerty holds a responsible posi
tion ln the business 'office of Tho Call.
PROMINENT YOUNO PEOPLE OF THIS CITY WHO WILL BECOME
MAN AND WIFE AT A PRUTTy WEDDING AT ST. PETER'S
CHURCH NEXT' THURSDAY MORNING.
BAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— Aft*r twenty-flv*
yrurn n clutmnnt ha» appeared and askfd
to have distributed to h»»r |h«» romnitnt of
the entute of Ulchard Towiir*; .'TTUi»"p«r
non Im Mm. Mnranrct Coi(l«y of Mlchtsan,
who clalmn to be it nlere and th» only Uv«
InK relative of th« decemed. "Old Dick"
I'ower*. iim th« man wan known tfl th*
p|f)n«*«*ri*, wim u r\u000e rhnrwrter. who hart
a r.nirti In th«> Enntn ('rua Mountnlnii and
dlfil thero In b7»l. The Publlr Adminis
trator took churcn of th<* «««tnt«». whU-h
nrRcuntcd to nbout $:iooo, nnd whtlA mnny
distant rdittlvPM «pp«"nrp'1 from Mlchtattn
to claim the property th« matter drnjt*"d
alnniT In rourt. und thciin h«lr* itraduulty
forgot thrlr Icency or di^-rl. For th« Unt
twenty-nv-p yrarn the rwt.it>' ha* been ly«
\ng in court nwnttlnsr n rtalmant, and It
has dwindled down to WOO.
MrK. CoKlcy wnn rl. <«••!%• nuentloned by
Judge Ilyl.iml <.r th" Probnto Court. 8h«
claims to be n, (laughter nf n «lst«>r of tho
old mountaineer, find thprrfnre the nl«CA
of the dec»uHcJ. &h» imUl her husbAnd Is
William CoRloy nnd that her matrien
name wnx Murphy. Judge Ftyland refuand
to take teatlmonv In the matter and con
tinued tho rand for two weeks. Attorney
Kerwln was ln court yesterday on behalf
of some heirs to contest Mrs. Cogley's
claim. . . ...
titled to L«f t by Rich
ard Powers.
CLAIMS THE BEMUANT
OF "OLD DICK'S" FOETUNE
Michigan Woman Says She Is Eu-
Members of the Fraternal Aid Asso
ciation Meet in San Mateo
County City.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 28.~The twen
ty-sixth quarterly convention of the Fra
ternal Aid Association for the eighth dis
trict met at this place to-day, delegates
being present from San Benito, Santa
Clara nnd San Mateo counties. 1 *. After
transacting routine business the delegates
were tendered a banquet by the local
council. This evening a ball was given
ln honor of the visitors The next con
vention will be held in San Jose in De
cember. The oflicers of the convention
are:
Tast president, Allen Brant; rreildent, W.
B. Shelley; vice president. Mrs. S. K. Bradford;
secretary. Air*. M. A. Holland; treasurer, J.
A. Lowe: chaplain, Mrs. K IS. Hlnes; KUtde,
Mrs. Downlns; observer, Mr, Van Bicklen; sen
tinel, Mr. Malone; plnplst, Mixs Wehrley.
The following named delegates were
present:
Melrone Council No. 128, Ban Joie— Mm. F.
Lamb, Mrs. K. Leffler, Mrs. Helen CanRhell,
Mrs. Amanda Wehrley, Allen Ur»nt. F. D.
Drown, Jumeit Laurence, Mm. IVoiln Pomcroy,
Mrs. Tloxle Phillip*, Mian Klltv Matheson, Mrs.
M. llarrnuy. neonce McLaughlln, L; M. Claff
ney, Mrs. K. Magee.
MnKiiollii Council No. 419, Kast San Jose— J.
V. 'J'rotifflHl, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. A. 'Trmin
dell. A. HrfBrober, C. A. llolcw, J. A. Ixiwe,
Mrs. L. K. lllnes,, L. K. Nutt*. 0. N. Howe.
riorntopru Council No. 276— A. B«lver»on, Mrs,
J, A. Ulc«. c\ \V. Hennelt, Mrs. M, A. Stona. ¦
Iledwood City Council No. riM— Mr*. I., llan
unn, Mr*, Kmlly VuMium. ' f
Palo Alto Council No. 47&-Mrt. N««lll« Dong.
1am, Mix, Rarah Ritchta, Mm. Kthel, Harms,-
Mr*. Downlnir, Mr*, Hlnk>\ Mrs. Dean. !
MnrKnn Kill Council No. 444— Mrs. Van Blclen.
Mountuln Vl«w Council— Mm, M. II, Kitten,
Mrn, McDonald, Mr«, M, d Itnwo,
Ilolllntcr Council No. 24S-W. D. Linn, P.
Wonlery. OmiMr KIIU.
Italia VlM.i Council No. G7&— J. W. fthepurd,
J. M. Whit*.
Pnn Junn Council No. R03-W, 0. Iwtednrtck,
Krnxvnle Council No. 333-Mm. D. II, Hhlelri*.
I'nchccii Council No. Rod— Addl# K. Bperlier,
Altn M. Orr, Ornci> Jarvls.
ralrn I*nf Council No. 6«&-M«ry Shelly,
Mi-m, O. II. Diihh, ,li'H«|n Compbell,
REDWOOD ENTERTAINS
A HOST OF DELEGATES
FRESNO, Sept. 28.— The members of the
California Raisin Growers' Association,
at a meeting held to-day decided to carry
on the business of the association under
both the existing contracts and the new
leases. The amount of the crop placer!
in the hands of the association by the
compromise Is &S per cent. The attend
ance was made up of about one-thlrn or
the association's membership and a *maU
number of "outside" growers.
After a brief preliminary statement.
President Kearney referred to a circular
that had been l5sued and distributed by
G. V. Martin, an attorney of Fresno,
sharply criticizing the new bylaws und^r
the New Jersey Incorporation and at
tacking the board of directors. Kearney
made a detailed defense of the bylaws,
and added that the Incorporation was
made ln New Jersey because, under the
laws of California, the association W4.ul«l
have to observe the co-operative law.
Replying to questions. Kearney said
that no discrimination would b« marto
between growers s»lgned under the old or
new contracts. The new association 13
not in existence and will not be until T"»
per cent of the acreage has been secured
and new directors elected. Falling In
this, the directors will return tb« n»w
contracts to the grower* an soon as they
are convinced the 73 per cent cannot be
secured.
tinue Under Present Contracts
and New Leases.
STATE RAISIN GROWERS
IK A LIVELY SESSION
Business of the Association to Con«
The Buckeye mill was running night and
day on flour orders, and gave employment
to twenty men. Its capacity was 700 bar
rels a day. The insurance on the burned
property is $35,000. The fire destroyed the
electric wires on the street and the town
is in darkness. The cause of the fire is
not known, but it is believed to have re
sulted from spontaneous combustion or-a
spark from an electric wire.
On the railroad tracks near the burning
mill were a number »of loaded cars, but
these were removed to a place of safety
by the engine of the Knights Landing
train. • ' ¦ ±
The blaze was first noticed on an upper
floor of the Buckeye mill, a brick and cor
rugated Iron structure, located at the cor
ner of Fifth and A streets. An alarm was
sounded immediately and the fire depart
ment was at the scene promptly. So rap-
Idiy, however, did the 1 names spread
among the inflammable materials ln the
building that the flre-flghting apparatus
was far from being adequate. For a time
It seemed a hopeless task to attempt to
stay the blaze, but the firemen worked
heroically . and eventually succeeded in
preventing the ignition of other buildings
which occupy an area of two square
blocks. • -
.MARYSVILLE. Sept. 28.-A disastrous
fire, which destroyed a portion of the
Sperry flour mills and. caused a loss of
nearly $100,000, started here at 9:30 o'clock
to-night. At midnight the flames had not
been completely" extinguished, but were
well under control.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Sept. 2S.— The heroic con
duct of little Howard Frost, the flve
year-old son of Oeorg? A. Frost, a moun
tain mail carrier, saved his two-year-old
sister from a horrible burning to death
yesterday.
The Frost family live back of Mount
Hamilton, at the Bayou, ten milf>a from
the big observatory. Frcst carries mail
from Mount Hamilton to San Antone Val
ley. Mrs. Frost had gone to a spring
about a mile from home to do 3)me wash-
Ing leaving the children with th^Jr
father. After completing the washing sue
started home, leaving slumbering coals
by which she had heated the water.
The children grew weary of playing and
started to find their mother. They had
gone to the spring and in playing about
the fire the little girl's clothes became
Ignited. Howard ran to his sister's aid
and tore off her clothing. In doing 30
hla hands were badly burned.
When Mrs. Frcst found her children the
girl was naked. Her clothes had been en
tirely consumed, but the child was not
burned. The little boy was getting some
cloths to cover up his sister.
Tears Burning Clothes From
Girl and Saves Her
Life.
Nearly ; One Hundred Thou
sand Dollars the Esti- ,
mated Loss.
Heroic Conduct of a
Youngster at Mount
. Hamilton.
pany in Marysville
Burned.
Property of Sperry Com-
Peter J. Haggerty, Regimental Adjutant of
League of the Cross Cadets/ Will Take
Miss Ella M. Fitzgerald as His Bride
YOUNG PEOPLE TO WED
IN ST. PETER'S CHURCH
FIRE DESTROYS
A COSTLY MILL
CHILD SAVES
INFANT SISTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
When one man is, bent on fleecing an
other he tries to pull the wool over his
eyes.
... ..-.-¦ • ' -¦¦ ¦¦ :¦•¦ ,¦ •
WASHINGTON. Sept. 28.— Secretary
Hitchcock stated to-day that he has no
information ' concerning . the reported
resignation of Governor Dole of Hawaii.
rfiV.tr.' • « '• ¦ ' •••--¦
16
ALL MEDICINES FREE UNTIL CURED i
If You Begin Treatment With Drs. Shores & Shores, San Francisco's Leading
Specialists, THIS WEEK, Either at the Ofiice or by Wail.
This generous offer by Drs/ Shores & Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts, goes into effect AT
ONCE and holds good EVERY DAY. THIS WEEK UP TO SATURDAY NIGHT, AT & O'CLOCK, OCTO-
BER 5, to all who begin treatment either at the office or by mail.
No matter how complicated your case may be; no matter how many different medicines the case requires; no
matter hdw expensive the medicines may be, Drs. Shores & Shores will furnish you with all medicines prepared in
their own private laboratory, to suit your case, absolutely free, until cured, if you begin treatment THIS WEEK
NOW REMEMBER THE OFFER.
If you have Catarrh or any deep-seated. Catarrhal Chronic Disease you will not be* asked to pay a cent for office treat-
ment or medicines: you simply pay the small fee of $5.00 per month, which pays the doctors for their time and trouble *Th<%
medicines necessary for your case will be free. COME TO-DAY: COME MONDAY; COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK CON.
SUX.TATION IEEE TO ALL. We treat Catarrh, Asthma, Deafness and ail forms of Chronic and Nervous Diseasesth-i.t
are curable. . _______——— • V*** .
¦ ' ' DANGER SIGNALS. jgl^$» -5^
i^^^^^^^^fiV Aches nnd Pnins Are the Dnnfter SifinaU j4$A^(&ltt!hwfe\
J*^^^^l§iP<i^ Th " t You Ape sick and Neid F:^SSS^^ vl
\E§rSS3r'\ Read the following Fymptoms over carefully, •S'S'SjtS'SJr^ , V
Y^T-KW^O mark thwe you feel In your case, and *end or Y$$2(§Xl
' wlf This form of catarrh Is most common — result- r r^!j^v\ I
\. XSEfc. zrjrB§| "Does your nose, discharge ?" JrorySSi^S^ ' I
\ _^s£rai$lk " Is your nos:e sore nnd tentIer? " fPlfil
A, S&i BKlSfcfr*^ " U your tliroat ' lr y ln th8 morning?" ' ?^*?M^^«k .^V^ -A- fry
jniir- v*^^/ P$M$wmrfr " n ° you Hle '' ri wlth > " i " r inouth oprn?- WftAW§M&*k£' rT^i V W
X A '^Mrt^TOy You cnn 1>l> FAMy curefl now ~ don>t let lt run \r^ •
'Illy *'• I MnwiftrW When mtarrh uf the hend or throat Is nep- •
/ ' I 1/7$$%$^ lected or wrongfully tr<-Htmi, It extend* down /
\ '• , \. '/^vSj^X'r the windpipe into th« bronchial tubea, and t»f* '
, ter a while ntturki th« lungi. HR. G W, MlOMl'.S.
DRi A., J. ©HORBS. ' "H»ve you a cough?" "Ar» you #a»lly d8*ed?"
,',. i "Uo you t«ka cold ennlly?" ' ''fo y°u >>»ve haadaehe?"
; ., ¦¦ O?thc B«r«. .. Hftvl , ym ps|n(i ,„ ,„„ iWe? .. | ••^/uirf'hJllId.Tim'w.V.
C»urrh extPndP- from the throat ajon* th« "Po you r«l»P frothy muterlnU?" "r)oi.« your h"«rt fli»i<»r r 1
mstsrhlan tiihen Into the ear*, cousin* partial " 1}Q y° H ¦»»•' U P Hltlo ch««»y lumps?" "Ara you easily irritated?"
„,.,„ ,,„,,.„„,,. "Ho you f»«>l you uro crowing wenker?" 'Ar« you always »n*lou»?"
or eompieto o^Hrnriis. , , Don't risk neglecting thfmo wwrnln*»— stop that '•" y°«r munt'lts twtteh?"
"Ip ymir henrlni ffllllnn?" ; ; ,-,: dl«oA«a t>«foro It renehea the lunfn, J|Ii your temper Irritable?"
UO yeur.fnrB mgRimrBeT , „, ' , ¦ • L!v«r Dlaaaii*. "Are you «4»lly rrlghtan-iir'
"1p th« wax drying In your ears?? ¦ _ ]» , T 7, "l*»» your Kteep not rorraah rvtV
eolil?" . . ' - , '¦ VI>o yo» 8«* nlK»y?" KUln«y Dl ( »-«j
Don't neglect thlP until your hearing l« tr- "U 8 ** yo i» c , olA , r *'* t J." ... nvVJlL'^Ji'I-'^S W u. y ."' te v t»Htn« coM an>1 fc»
n« 7% a* ..k "Do you liave hot fluthn?" •'• organn.
lit lit* oiomflen. , .. Ar , ymlr H p| r (tp low «t time*?" fo your ht»ml* ami fo«t nw-nr*
Catarrh of. th« Btornaeh Ik uaualty "Do you have rumbling In th# bowelsr* "J" '* noticed more nt nl*ht?"
by iwallowing mucup, which dropg down from Theite «r# th* »«v«n flmple slgni- Indicating , » «"«;« rain in »h» pninll of the h«ekr»
ffl head «,nd threat at night. ' '/ <"««»-• •' .»«»• »™ BBBS^^&'Sffi
¦"SLWl^nr W .r. . . : of DI M . M . , .t th. Nerve,. SSf^
"Are you constipated 7" ,Ph l h The majority of nervous dMa»cs are caused tJon't neglect these HlRnn ami risk Brlxht «
"Is your tongue coated?" hy po ions In the blood. Poison circulating In Dlsrase killing you. t.'ure it now.
¦¦iwou Soft up after eating?" ™™- "* "OMB T.REATMB«T CURES.
. "Is there constant bud taste ln the mouth?" "Uo. you get giddy?" ' i-> No onp IM> *d be deprtved or the bencflf* Bl
Now Is the time to be cured. "Is your mind dull?" Prs. Chores' treatment because of living at a
. 1 . . . ! — i ¦ distance from the of lice. The same w.inderrul
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists. 3fSli^^S
" . , . . . * rectly and prescribe for them, and by their sya-
Permanently HISTORY RIM MWfi 721 MARKFT ST 2«* Floor, San i tm of^£ 0 " 8 lh ™ kee »> » f «"»e watch on each
Located ln Nlallml DUiLUIKUJj I *>& ITIr\lll\l_l Jl. HpancU-o Cal S 38 "" WHITE FOR SYMPTOM BLANK and
Olnce Hours— Week Days, 9 a. m. to * p. m. .Evenings. E to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 noon." rliEE^ yOUr troubIe property DrAONOSEU
| A Dress Goods Safe.|
E • • 4500 Yards High-Hlass Embroidered All-Wool French Crepe and Batiste r^ o d rt $ h 2 ?ab 7 . 5 3
5= Here's news of nnother mercantile triumph.' "A New "York importer overbought. His /SSBk fpgf ffto
Jt= mistake is now turned to your, advantage. Eeady cash and our willingness to invest B Ja a B ¦ ' 'z£
SH heavily brought these goods here at THE MOST REMARKABLE PRICE CONCES- | J0 Ek |J - US
*~~ SIONS ever known to the trade. The scope of this sale is most comprehensive including. £ VtL m W ¦
as it does, THIS FALL'S FAVORITE WEAVES, such as ALL- WOOL FRENCH CREPE | In lyj
£= nnd SILK-FINISHED BATISTE, fully 44 inches, wide and in all the lending shades. %Jy Wwijr | (j, r£>
T~ They are the very latest Parisian fad, beautifully silk embroidered, in dainty designs
S^ of dots, scrolls, etc., in great demand for TEA GOWNS, j "^t
£ TRIMMIMGS, LACES wrappers, waists and evening dresses, in choice GLOVE SALE MONDAY. 3
•— > tt*n All nvCDC colorings of Light Blue, Pink, Old Rose, Turquoise, Gray ,Taii. Our fall gloves have -^
AhU ALL-UYtHJ>. MaJze> Koyal> white> Creom and B i ack . The possibility of *of
£ cSSSS. its? fr^ securing , stock of • SUCH HIGH CLASS FABRICS as tiiew ffi ch k.^an^Ca.tor
!fc: the Paris makers. Th.» at the berjtfnning of the season occurs but very rarely— there- c ,^, introductory offer
¦fc rn qU thc e selecMon 0 "" *or« we advise you to b S here early to-morrow because those *g*£ t -^^ an
~~ styles is complimented very patterns that you most admire may be the first to go. The all colors and fl»j.ir> -«
= SmetnT^"th°e m an - greatest of values that ought to be S1.75 and $2.00 ftr p
fc: tonie ana s - tnem " I yard, beginning to-monow Yard flO^
E THAT PHENOMENAL SILK PURCHASE. i
¦gS "VVe tegin to-morrow the second week of the most successful silk sale in our history. Values like these can-
•»— not last long, but quantities In. our special purchase were so large that there is still a wonder fully good assortment. m^ 9
%Z gelling v.-ill-be swift again to-morrow. .
5= bv /> ALL-SILK GRENADINE In pretty jf** dT^f* Th * season's latest Novelty Silks in ;- •
T~ Cr a ftf- Eilk stripes with small polka dots, just £T_ 0 »H Persian and Dresden effects, in ex- ~3
si » the k!nd /° a PP r °P rlate , for e . ve " 1 " e: quisite color combinations and de-
V^ V/ -Yd. dresses and waists; in colors of light \J s^ Yd. signs, suitable for dresses, waists or 12
•— blue, pink, maize, old rose, lavender, petticoats, cannot be duplicated under =^
2t= Rtffular Vain* fl 00. white, cream and black. Actu- eZflr* Worth $1.85 * $1.50 $1.25 and $1.50. Sale price «Q C --¦
ally worth 51. Sale price... Yard. «>V/W Yard "^^
•^ NF\V rnRHI l»rW ft^/» Varrl EXTRA SPECIAL-Just arrived. 40 pieces BROAD WALE CORDU-
•*-. IiLYT \/Ut\UUl\UI O3C larO. ROY. the much wanted fabric for skirts and waists/in the leading -*J
y* i iii mm^. fall colorings. On sale at 85 e yard -^
g Immense Offering \M). sal^ T of REAT % i
Bfack Neck Ruffs l|pi| m PV v RJ^rS^ T^ffot^ W^ 3
Prepanttlons have been made l>ieW Ul^^ I dUeia \\O
-^ for to-morrow and the following _. -*Q !r fe^s O*ii rv O t • < FLvu I ~~^
mm~ days to do a erreat neckwear busi- €£»>. < d&- "-^cS I1(*ACO SulTrC fPK%i -*g
•— n-ff. We made a Krand purchase ygGSS»_ — J^BtfSK? OHIl *J ¦ V7^^ OS\!B C«3 *H;>SJ
•£Z of Ladies' Neck Ruffs from the .^SS^S^^^^^B^Sr N$$& *
•-- lpRdinp manufacturers of New f**^5^^S»!*r**H ThP f ran(1est Fhowingr of new Fall Uress I^ttM £> '°
o^fo York. Every piece Is made of the Vtj -^^^'.^S^LS^I Pkirts awaits your Inspection to-morrow— / *ift I R« r^S
fc — verj - heel Black Liberty Silk. V'--'tC^3c*' " n occasion when you choose from all the //fftlliWWi. ""*¦
\5~ rxtra full with lonB Ftr^amers. They ar» " nPW ldeas ln styles for this fall. A iKCWShwSi — g
beyond question the fineyt lot of neckwear V'^'x s-p^ial feature for this week will be an /^iaSiCHwSw -5»
2^1 we ever imported and marked at ppeclnl, J l .WA offering of hish-claFs fklrts at $1S.5O each; J&$3!f$k^&S& -**
_ rrlfts for this week. On display in our TOtfir;} made of the fineFt Taffeta, plain and ftsSSfoHAra^S. =52
S^ Fhow windows a» •¦¦'¦¦ 'feVtli' tucked tops, with full flaring flounce; ><<5affJ>iy5«3Sabv<^» -rr
*~~ SI 25 Sf "SO fi!? OO «2 5O >&> .handsomely trimmed with , o _ ~
}l '* 3 < SI.SO, 52. OO, $Z. DO *5y rufflfp; a swell lookinK gar- SlfS Til 3 ~*
5^ to SIO.OO Each. : ment at *jmJ«*JV
'W$X BLACK GOODS BARGAIN. A SALE OF VELVET RIBBONS. * %««ft aI of NEW WAISTINGS at i
50-Ineli CheTiot, Worth $1, To-Morrow f% f% A big shipment of Eatln-back Velvet Rib- A grand opportunity to select A A
n a A r?l ) n .r^;^c^^ o ro¦ ( h^^ KssSufpSS.^T^^ss^i's .^h^'?s^h eB ««29(; 3
wide already b ponded and TA BD come here to morrow . Roods that look nnd wear as well YAHD
~— !, hniI ?~* * he .? t vy a , nd de ?Cf a u . No - 2 yi/ * c Yard - OOc Pleee «» the 75c kind. To-morrow 29c Goodie -^j
SI 5^S*?"* 1 i ty: ., t S P °'' lbl ' t0 - dUP " Ctte ' N>0 - 3 10 ° Yard- »5c Piece yard. ' ¦ »i 8Co
elseuhere under fl.00. No 4 Yard _ f ,.„., Plece --»
No. « J.ISc- Y.rd-*1J!5 Plec FJFW If PFTTinflAT^ 3
¦*- OK PflMCflDTCDO CRD Cl 7C No - " 18c Yard-?1 .73 Piece "til 0IL^ I L I I lUUrt I Oi
ZZ OZiZO 'jUftlrUnltnO rUti Ol. lO __ ABam ? l.I.ot. Wsrth$10.C0. for ft n - ZS
**"¦¦¦' . . FAPU ' • " • Vi ' f> nrft constantly planning O.yjl
rr: .• j '. CHun. Tlini/IPII Tnil/n PUP t0 Blve you extraordinary Pet- - lfc| II — •
H* the remlar war they would co.t you TURKISH TOWEL SALE, "^ f Urjjjln. j,^ « UeAOH =3
Z£Z ¦ »-..» ana tney are well worth It. but our Another one of our splendid Towel offer*, another surprise for you. These are made — •
M _ . buyer picked up 12 dozen from a wholesale These are Initialed Towels, bleached. «xtra of on extra heavy Taffeta with deep *rrad- ~2
SS 1 , ""-."I 1 ** i'w price. They are full heavy, the sort that gives Kwrt satisfaction, uated plaited flounce, felled Beams, extra
*- r;^ f „! H? *l' h , ???i«S?. l l ''f coit ~ n *j£S° Vm Secured 150 dozen dlreft from tho mill, to underpleoe. prettily trimmed with niching. — •
«£: mrrrnu- Hlkoline. To- C1.75 u offered thin week at the special \£\* n In nil colors and black: worth $10.00. for r2J
¦^ _ morrow Each tp I j.rlce of Kach IO3W ?6.S5 each. \
gARARE OFFERING OF HIGH-CLASS SILK WAISTS FRENCH if
.mZ-\ . Wortb $10.50 and $11.50 for A ~ rA CTI JCk T%J IVI Z=? I YA/ZHCTC2
J5T. X\> feel perfectly justified In s.ylnc that never fi" P nil *^ L/im^ll^C/L- 1/1/ /~% 1 «> I !^. z~
r?= i^cky 1 wm 1h bV e ihr»^iIn ! «-.f« n " n X ins P'-«-'e»te.l. T. T\ t%JU Unquestionably the ewellest nnd most exclusive Waists am ZZ
~ N>wYo^ to'f , n r«.Vh5 th ' M *» leta - Ou r V VEAC3 Kathered together here. Never before have we been ablo to pre-
fc h«Jin« -Jr-u ,*\ fh!m P / thR1 t0 U8 on ?a turda V' «nt so many beautiful creations, ln all the correct coloring "2
SZ if. Ilf.Tf » 2»-S?2? «S7,? n , l l . np^ rt * r -t about h " lf P rlp *- Th '>' • nnd latest effects In French Klannel and Corrturoy. To make thin
•>— •iAJH .1 . .1 r r l?i A . 1 ? K^ >OIB " n<1 liav * aM th ' da " h an<1 Kreat display of extreme Interest we will offer to-morrow 15 dozen *""•
S= All are beaut flTnv n.rulTI t ra . r '1 """f"' 1 "" couM * Ue them - M-OO-Walsta at 12 .50 each.. They are made of fine twilled French =S
U v trlmnied w ih in^ f «'J ? 1™}' XMe $ a ", (1 on ," W1 * «•>««"- Flannel, tucked front and back, with dainty hemstitching; the =3
SZZ rViMr. ThJ *.V\ lace and iVrrian trimming; Jrt all sixes nnd latest bishop sleeve; | n colors of light blue. ron«, s,, K e. mn-y. r2
¦ •»- colors. The cre*ten wulst barentn of the year, at <£<£•»" red. tan. eruy. cream and black, a, uranrl-looKlnit «CO-A«'
Z^Z ¦¦¦¦¦¦; '• '• ! Each *J>v>-»- waist -at.v tp ** — »
fc LADIES' ¦ :¦: another 3
1= LACE LISLE HOSE country orders receive prompt attention. UN|Ng . BAR6A , Nt =|
' ***** •• Yard C/w »^j
,^uu»iUiiwuiiuiuuaua;aatJaiUiajiiiiuiuiun;ti;uiaiUiaitimaiiaauuiUiUiUJumaiK
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you l.fcvi-n't a rrruinr, healtlir mijTfment ef lh«
J.owtji pvrry dsy, ji.u'ib III or v/lll be. Krrp your
Ixk.i i«c>|xfl.l.li'i hn wrll. l-orrr. Ill ill* nhf |>n or vii..
!•->• l i jiM.ini-r i'ill t.'iluiiii. la iini, k -, ('nun. Thn prnonih.
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Ple»#ant. r«.lntahl<», rotent, Toetp Good. Do Good,
Pcrer 8icUrn, Weaken, or Orlpe. JO, 83, nnd 60 rent*
*"T box. v/rlto for free sample, and booklet on
health. Address • . t3
(Tteuso BEzror cobfast. aiirAco »r *m tock.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEANMajor Bush, commanding the First Bat
talion of Artillery. N. G. C. has issued
orders that the wearing of campaign hats
in any other than the original shape is
prohibited, and adds that the number and
letter is to be worn in front.
Arrangements have been made for a
series of lectures to be delivered before
the officers and men of the First Battalion
of Artillery, commencing to-morrow night.
The subjects selected are of a character
calculated to instruct all in the branch of
the service to which the battalion Is at
tached.
The appointment of Charles J. Mund as
first sergeant of Batterv D. First Artil
lery, has been approved. Corporal Wil
liam H. Shaw of liaitery C has at his own
request been reduced to the ranks. Six
men have been discharged from this artil
lery — four on account of removal, one at
expiration of term of service and one for
the good of the service.
The First Battalion of Artillery will as
semble at Shell Mound Park to-day for
target practice. The third practice shoot
will be held at the same place on Octo
ber 13.
Besignations Accepted.
¦The following: resignations in the Na
tional Guard have been accepted at gen
eral headquarters, Sacramento;
Major Abbott A, Hanks, signal officer. Sec
ond Brigade; First Lieutenant Gabriel Steph
ens Jr., Company D. First Infantry; Ensign
J. F. Helms, Fourth Division, and Ensign
J&mes C. Kelly, Second Division, Naval
Militia; Captain Charles D. McGettigan, as
elBtant 6urBeon. Sanitary Corps; Knsign Oscar
F. Smith. First Division Naval Militia; Second
Lieutenant William H. Whitlow, Company D,
First Infantry, and John R. Graham, first lieu,
tenant and inspector of rifle practice. Sixth
Infantry, to allow him to accept the position
or first lieutenant of Company H, aame regi
ment.
Thomas L. Magee, surgeon. Ninth In
fantry, has been placed on the retired list,
with the rank of major.
Lieutenant John S. Young, aid-de-camp
on the staff of the commander in chief,
has been granted ninety days' leave of
absence, with permission to leave the
State.
Captain George E. Lawrence, command
ing the signal corps of the First Brigade,
having applied to be placed on the retired
.•list, has been relieved of his command
and First Lieutenant H. E. Sabine has
been ordered to take charge of the corps.
Major \V. D. Critchon, retired, has been
ordered to report to the commanding offi
cer of the Third gripade for duty as ma
jor ar.d judge advocate.
Commissions Issued.
Commissions have been issued as fol
lows:' ...
Frank Z. Pirkey, major and commissary of
the Third I3ri*;aue; i- rank E. Younr, first
lieutenant of Battery D. and Athley R. Far
less, second lieutenant of Battery D, First Ar
tillery; Henry O. ilathewson, captain ot Com-
J?any D, Frank W. Newbert. first Ueutsnant
,ol Company I), and Louis Graham, gecund lieu,
tenant of Company G, Firrt Infantry; John
F. • 6berburn, captain. Loyal C. Moore, firm,
and Charlei M. Mayberry. second lieutenant
Of Company E. Second Infantry; Charles H.
Holmes Jr., captain of Company E. Fifth In
fantry; Daniel G. Bambauer, captain, John
li. Graham, first, and Linden A. Hooper, sec
ond lieutenant ot Company H, Sixth Infantry;
J. Irvlr.fi McKenna. nmt. and Benjamin 6.
rioblnson, aecond Keutensnt of Company K,
Seventh Infantry; Thomas B. W. Leland, lieu
tenant, .First Livlslon. Henry P. Smith. Heu
tf-nant Junior «rade. Second Division, Henly
•C. Booth,' Clinton J. Hmltli, lieutenant junior
crude.- Owen H. ONeil and Fred B. MauUby,
enf.l(n»s..: Blxth DivUlon. Naval Militia.
Certificates of re-election have been !••
sued tp Thomas J. Cunningham. Battery
B. First Artillery; fi. W. Kay. captain of
Troop B, and Q. J. Boden, flrat lieutenant
of Troop li, Cavalry.
The First Artillery has been authorized
to carry the national and battalion colors,
and rings heretofore authorized to bo
placed on the nik* of the national colors
of the Flm Infantry are al»o to be placed
on the j>!ke of the national culorx carried
by the First Artillery. tht» batteries of
that organization having; nerved with thc
First Infantry-'. The Jive rlngn authorized
to be used will bear the following inncrlp
t!on: ¦.,,•,) ;. :
¦ • Spanifh-Amfrlran war, 1S5J; Mnlat* trenches,
July Si and Aurunt J. 1W8: Manila, Augutt J3.
1X'4%; Filipino lniiurr^rtlon. February b to March
, Si. li»; Island of Nerros, March -¦• to July 4,
1811. - , ' . ¦ . . ¦ : ¦ . : ¦ ¦••.•. ¦, . ¦
Negligent Officers.
•, The following named are. announced In
orders as havjng neglected to make their
monthly returns within .twenty-one days
.jitter the end of "the month:
First LJrutT.ant H. K. 8abine, Signal Corps
First Brigade; Captain Francis Warren, Com
pany H. First infantry; Flm Lieutenant A.
H. Newell, Company U, Sixth -Infantry; Firet
Lieutenant It. Van4enheuval. Company U,
Elxth Infantry: Captain • Truman Cole, Com
pany C, Seventh Ir.iantry; Captain H. E. Hip
by, Company O, Seventh Infantry; Captain O.
P. Sloat, Company K, Se\-enth Infantry: En
si*n John F. Murphy. Flm Division Naval
Militia; Lieutenant Carl E. Llndsey. Fourth
Division, Naval Militia; Er.sit-n Henly C.
Booth, Sixth DIMelon. Naval Miiltia; Lieuten
ant Frank Van VIeck, Engineer Division.
Vml Militia.
A second election has been ordered for
first lieutenant in Company C, First In
fantry, vice Mathewwn, promoted. The
, first election ordered could not be held
because the officer detailed to preside for
i got all about the matter.
A second election has also been ordered
, Jor second lieutenant in Company H of
the First because the officer who presided
1 held the same without a Quorum beine
.present. 6
An election has been ordered for first
lieutenant of Company F, Fifth Infantry,
vice Covalt, term expired. Major Poulter
' will preside.
Captain Warren of Company H, First
-Infantry, has tendered his resignation.
The Naval Militia.
The United States ship Philadelphia,
¦with the officers and a part of the Naval
Militia on board, will return to this port
10-day. A letter received from Lieutenant
Harloe, sent from the ship to Santa Bar
bara, conveys the information that the
cruise has been a pood one, that the ra
tions were excellent and that the target
practice was better than when the cruise
was on the Oregon. Xext Saturday the
Philadelphia will start south again and
ta.ke on board the officers and men of the
divisions located along the southern coast.
There will be an election on October 15
for ens-ipn of the Second Division. N. M
vice Kelly, resigned. Lieutenant Kam
rnerer will preside. On the 22d prox. there
will be an election for ensign In the First
Division, vice Oscar V. Smith, resigned
lieutenant Ahlberper will preside.
Merrily Going On
Js the Factory Shoe Sale. Burt & Pack
ard's men's $4 shoes, also celebrated
makes of ladles' $3 50 shoes, will be sold
for $1 £5 a pair at the Bee Hive Shoe Co
717 Market, near Third. •
Pleads Guilty of Forgery.
Juan Jo«« Cagtro pleaded guilty in the
TTnlted. States District Court yesterday to
an indictment charging him with having
forged the name "J. I. Castro" to a pos
tal money order and having collected SIS,
its face \-alue, the said J. I. Castro being:
another person. The offense was commit
ted In Watson ville. Castro wag ordered
to appear on Tuesday for sentence.
Killed by a Tall.
Apolonio LlmoneB, an employe of Blyth
& Trott'a lumber yard at the intersection
of Mission and Spear streets, fell from a
pile of lumber yesterday afternoon and
received Injuries that resulted In his
dea'h in a «hort timn afterward. He was
a natlv« of Acapulco. Mexico. 61 years
old. and resided with his family at 7£7
JJ road way.
Excursion to Buffalo.
The Ranta Fc trill i«-ll clcket* 10 OufTalo and
return October 3 and 4 for J*7. Free reclining
chair car*. Pullman'* latest veitt'lbuled palac«
*jifl tourist alerplnr cars, l'ull partlculara at
Ul Karket »tre»u
Naval Militia Reports Suc
cessful Cruise on the
Philadelphia.
Besignations Are Ac
cepted at the State
Headquarters.
GUARD LOSES
MANY OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
17
THE EMPOBIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPOBirTM. .'.¦'.'.!.-. ...'.__.. »HZ BMIOBITO
ar * * • - . " "• •' " • •'¦ •¦ ¦ - - :•: -••.¦•. * --.• .'..¦¦.. *• . -j
% Jo-morrow begins thc fifth year's business. of the Dig Store, under the management o! the Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar. That this immense modern store has been a ;?
* sBHsuwiagBS" w«Bi/sais^^fe,p^NTs;ra BS& /a benefit and a blessing to Ihe majority ol the people of this ci^.y, and the coast generally, : 5
£ WH^ !S a !aCl bCy ° nd aU diS P UtC - Y0UR DOLLARS 60 FURTHER TO-DAY j n the purchase Of all ffHii^ili^I! 11H1 1
£ if pP^" atiTOtfS things for the home and personal use than ever before in the history of the State. Our en- .P S|t^ ** a nJ "^Jsww %
K. P* OoM<sflra1fcMle©SL2W3taa»o JJ8 deavor during the business year, beginning Monday, will be to still further decrease the ™ F OoldenRnleaazaar. j
| CAUPORN.VS L^EST-.AMERKA'S 0 RAN DOST STOR. _^| thc O t Me * perfect OUT Store Service, tO CAUF ° RNIAIS CRANDE5T STOR & |
|: add even more comforts and conveniences for our patrons and our employes— in fact to maKe this the most pleasant and profitable of places in which to do your trading. |
|: Latest Novelties in $/gfc s — Velvets Blanket Values for Monday. \ Novelty colored New Boas. I
t' fil&filf $?&Jlff§Z~ Mace it a point to see our showing of newest In our Blanket Department we have made unusual preparations for a large A#*AJBO A#l#li/ft An express ihip- Ji
*C «¦»•««*»» FaUSiJttj We've got tome of thc best v^um business. We have bought more Blankets than ever before, and have gotten *'«*' B » • ** «#«#••«»• mentof m.nr £2&&^< x
5 % This Kason ' s tRat wc h *I c ev / r8hown ? -nioitoftheinun- fiom the mills all the concessions that can possibly- be : given to largest ' buyers. 2 8- ta «» Silk Stripe. Walstinjs— The . yr^^^l) *
ti mnc» nnrn'»r ncrt equaled tls'.whtie tor cxc usiveness and econom- n . . . i_,. • , l , ,. , . , . . ° . ' moit fajhionable wool fabrici for waists, suit- " U " UICU ucw /yy>-^ r II J|
I ' F r • h »«i pHc-ng. H,rc ar, thr M of thc v,r y latest B=lovv are ja ues that we believe cannot be duplicated in this city- able for both houJe and strtct wfar 5 ! t j o Feath:r Boa3 hu fflr^g&K * *
t> dieting, rich mar kei a: Emporium prices— A SftOCial Sato — Fine California 40 c 2 s:s Eastern Cotton B aniccts, madi to our very t . designs, in about io beiutiful just arrived. They {W/J JSg&S&J %
i W0^M&y flutfy cffiCtS With Persian NcveltV Silk-2I inches wide, in all White Blanicctvi 1-4 ««,. very, superior order, in white, gray and tan, per pair color effects, have been marked have been e.pe- 7 mP&gP S
& (^P »m bnS flowing ot the nsw colorinM and combimtions that q "* h Q^o n 'a onv M3m4l'3 •••••• G5o<$1.65 by us only, p:r yard OOC cially made to our (LJ$t&*>3£0 J
t? /z£{& " Mfr streamers: hand- ar^ to he itvlish this season for shirt waLts _ J» ' . . « , J, ' . _ . -¦.¦-• . Olh&T PradcX ZOr 7Zr and R Zr order of choice T&^MC ** j^^K \
K" Vfrm ~ JXfei- 111 and trimrn'nes- n-r vard A Special Saiie—Gooi Eastern-made B e:t Gray California Wool Bankets, 4 lbs. ler grao.es, 50c, ?}C ana Q^C. lujtrous fvrtg&i ¦«" -"^^> X
*: m^W " P .. . *'.':. ' :::'::®V.5O wdh y sizc 66 inch *.*& Satin Prundh-The leading ; gSS. ThTj I
& _y^%m? Qulte a " aSSCrt * Pcau d 2 Levant- = 4 Inches W i,,. Thi 5 silk wear well and are e^ily cleaned; a $2. 5 O b S3. OO P'«""> ««ve for dressy street gowns, for this are made extra %^^^|^ $
y f~^ rMS*^. m " rt of Libert . v has a btautful finish and is guaranteed to va ] uc - Monday on.y, per V f»ll and wint:r; a very banitome fabric that full, the colon ' =^^^^^^B^Z. *
*» \ Iftwffi I Silk Rufts » S ood wear and wairmted to wash we'.l; will make P 11r --; ••• ••••. • ••• y '. **,. , „ Extra quality California Gray Blankets, fine wiU give excellent wear, and a great value at being black, nat- K§2sj§r '2
i^ /Mm V oualties, at from good shirt waists and costumes; complete Extra we 1 mad: Wh.te Laliornia Wool B.an- woq1 fi wcight> size 66xgQ . ; ncheS) the big store's introductory # ng% ural gray, magpie f<gMM X
!&* / l#a\ «i 7- to <;, co line of new coloring, per ya!d _- —^ kets, 70 mch-s wide, 6^ ggg* q — pair $4 95 pr'«, P« yard &I.UU and jickdaw. The "<
|. Aif 1/ e f fi° iiT;:; ?a^:^^<:^:^::x ni . . in^ i b , w^,, Per $i.,o,$ 2 oo. -« mm s
•V }$fl&Ll made^cfitor very much in demand at pre.fnt for mi linery v^ry cho.ee, pa r &1t.5U pa.r &S.5U Cravanette Skirtings— Heavy , '^^^
k* ' Mfm\8wk liberty chiffon purpose;; per yaid...,$/.25 and $1.5O — a- + nm m ' '¦ O±K weight, for the short and ankle length skuts, 9'Z.OU /^^f^^B 'X
* flM «T0o ,/ .,' . Four Extra Values in Shoes. •£?' ""'T 1 "^-^vrr'r 11 ? *• w^ I
*•' $5.UU BlaCK FahriGS. — ¦ - _-. _^, thl « »*teml . is made of high grade wool, SZZmBOm "¦*'"' : "5
\ **/ Xjyy 13 fo f=nT I* r^V jif . (T\ • WH »|l wett scoured and absolutely waterproof; we '\ \t
ft «aB?P<r | , $20m0Q' SUP St nCW . I \r l Bv' "*\* y \\l| ' ' hav; it in all th; latest mixtures— Oxford, me- ' ' : 3»
&* vvfaves ready for your approval. Priest- I \*w \^jj vXM dium gray, brown, o'ive, cas- _* t + __ #J#i«#^' /L7f+
% i le/'s" famous b'ack goods are repre- / *jlf^^ / S^^N j V **fo*k I tor and tan. Price, per yard St. 73 **UJTS OU#fIi» ****.. *
i NOW NOtiOna. semed in greater varieties than ever. A i>- k. %SX /\ '®^ v /\ '«f Other grades, $2.00 and $2.$0 Boys' Golf Shirts-* Unes, made of pod S
•? a- jj'li (x IV Ytft I \ v <Wl\\ I \ ta • ' - **r \.t~j' ¦ quality Pereae, with cuffi to match, nobby, J*
5» Ccriuroy Skirt Bindings- Yard 5o To-morrow and during the week: V\ LV\^. kV^ 'W>**A ' per yard. . up . t o-d,te patTern. tfiat wfll please the young *
| Fcrhtibone Srock Collar Foundat:ons-E,ch.. 52-inch Black Pebb'e Chevlot-AH wool, J^-^v • V>^~'**\ ! mmm . * „ mmm men, regu'ar T.Iue 75c/ this spedaUy |
J 15c r crtcct d^ c anl h ' S > an ldeal fabncfor <a^\ X^ \ V ' \ ,^^ WaiSt SetS I7C. bou e hc lot on " !e Monday only -— X
l.^nVM^^on-iBo^;;::::::::.^ ?i"T" d r ? T.^ u :-$i.oo ; v^b -'.. >-6a IOOO gol r w< *' #^ *'» s
tf GtrTs Angora Binding Braid— 5 yards Lt..8C 46-inch Satin Prunc'.Fa— The leading (all Ladies' fin: Vice Kid Ladies' fine Vici Kid Ladie/ Vici K'd Lice Ladies* Vici Kid Lace P^ted -—ag— 7 fUVV*\ 3»
y Curli.-ig Irons - Each 10c weave (or dressy gown?, a sty bh and durable Lace Shoes du 1 L ace shoes, fancy Shoes, new modern Shoes, ne* coin >VlIst \^fe>j, c^^^) \ ETwr4mfr% IAr»^»»^»«* • '5
ji Or,o Dre.8 Shield— "Odorless," r »r..25C material. p;r yard. ......... , -, „ m* kid (op, new . cw patcn t leather toes and patent f^l J V§|L?C «&gfo\ mL-MMr** W&MUG& M jj
j^ ¦ modern tors, patent - studs, v^fiw*^^ c2&^0V \ ¦ jj
tf Barbour's;oo-YardL : n C nS P oo!-2ror./5.3 45;incn"cVtpoIne-Priesfe y ' 8 make, a n:w leather tips, hand- coin t0 «. ?* ifnt ti t >, medium flexible leathrr tips, fair one col- \^^J^Z^=pfSL FmT*BI fiif6*Pr*f}£&mfG *
Htrn Ha'rpins — Djren fOC and very dan y weave, war- EZ tf% tur.ied jo'cs, aid leather tip, high soles and the brcal stitchid ext:n«ion lar but- mwm.m %JfV%SM V«#tf«S^9 *i
SS 1 Ladies* Bet Buckl.s — New shaprs, cach. 25c ranted to wear, per yar 1 . <£P#«&£p Louis XV heel. Cuban h-elf, hand- comforaMe military so'cs, nvlitary h:el?, ton and S3 W^oT 6^ T ; T? ' J J r>1 v "«
S Hookon Hose Su roren-Pair 25o Ladies who hive a!- - turned soles. They hee's. A shoe that a peife-t walkng one pair I • The Emporium ready-made Cloth- £
if j- • t t a c '• n ¦ V art r~-*-~~ > w-^--^ — . ways worn $5.03 look like $5.00 could readily be sold shoe that will out- of dumbbell links, pretty enameled designs, ing offers the 'smartness, correctness and S
& . Ladi.s Tucced Satin Be u — E»ch 53C ( gm ZbintrM ' shoes find that these shoes, they wear at #4.00, but the wear, the ordinir/ stone and flower designs and in pear', on , , .. , {J
»T C ochet Trimming Bartons— Djren 5 3 ( EJJ m G1»Si r n**nin§jF <#nw g- ve perfect satislac- like $5.00 shoes, tig store hai marked £3.50 kind, • per spicial tale Monday only, complete __ goodness of tailor-mads garment* at j»
J Sew No-More Drea Shield Fasten :rs- Set \LBCSSQS TaSlOi°tnffa tion. Our price, and they cost but . them . pair *zta... iiC about half the COSt. It is a well-known *
*C 25c ) Even:ng dressei and $3*50 S3. SO $3*00 $2.5O ~ -I " ~Z. -^ fact that statements made in the Em- J
J. v Cube Pins— Large, xooccunt, each 5c rf^a CO^Uime? riding ' ~ — UUSiiiOn MOpS IZC. porium announcements are absolutely' .f*
g Laundry Wax- Piece 26 } . /[.. o !_ 1 ,_ f *'. t mn H^' ESfftfiB^iBVHTa #»/ We have cleaned up the baUnce of a maiiu- correct, but it is easy tO Verify the X
§ habks sn.l latent mode ff^i|pg| ff®ESSiffBSg &23B& OF facturer . 8 5tock of p Cush - on Topg> about Iooo abovc b cxamlni th ; ne^ fall .5
I This Ba® $2.25. ££* Wk<\ Groceries. « ock °L M f . and CI^ s
I : ¦ J*L *Z S-lafd C hat e- iS^Z^!^^t^ MM^ -, _ The biggnt bargain in Soap ever offered. We have 'here ~T b. a *,„. error 'in the tinting or now exhibited in It, entirety for the . S
t' <^M? laine Bag, ilke picture J ~ i jW^gMM/M bought too c«e. (io.ooo ban) of the f.mou, Proctor & l^ZlV^tVSn 7?T MT ,, « 5
i a large si« ( S >/ inch, /^f^^rWn Gamble's Floating Iviry Soap, laun ry size (not the sma!l S c " 5 ? ld " ot w "£ * crntin "-. A ' ew hive -r^, Fall Ovor- .%
V Q in diameter exchlivc o( &off£3aB3S Jffc. fe^c^^fe|«M ?° e ), which w« will p ac^ en ,fUi .a e Monday only, whiU b"ks to much; the most of them, however, ff^ OOatS$10. *
% f\ fringe), hr.vy mrtal : **OIT Z* Sip~> I O C -^^p^ ,J h» 1»»-*OX Of WO A^sV Off^ f.£ '\S't 'Ji^^^^Jii €^ Some very stylish j
K f\ f-e ; and belt clasp, Bo,' Gof C^ - In ' Wfc*nfrfW U.00-6 b^S ;Z5C Yj STZtZi'S. I
£ /« \ le ther lmrd, mirked at fan cy plaid,, wdl /jfeyjg^^ Sag, or PcaK Tapicc,-6 lbs 25o R^l Baking Powder- 1 lb. tns. .. .42 O ¦ 11 ff! *
I wmL ZZT' r/::r;;/t^« BMS ". d 7. p ;r;. m -:^ M ::^ i<rf\ ESsS I
i ffi^&gm &&'*&- toeci al »Ie Monday V i Pin«pple-Sli,ed, large tins 2OO King-ford GIo« Starch-6 lb. boxes. . B3o Odd PpW/orO«-We have ha J the / \ f A\ J 0 I , n ! ereen" *
tf Im3>$%m& Thii is onlv one of »P eclal Mie Mon - tfay S T» f Comb Honey- Best quality, per comb. ,1&Q -* OltlSUkwOOd WhlS- 8 ood fortune eo get a New York sanjple line \ JJL^A ISL.^Lfw 5
| mi^ifo^Z^^^' <>*'' I W N.wJ«n,ijdltel-A..; P « e d f !«»'.. l2S M IfOy-KentuckySourMash, of OJd Port'erea, .,1 kind.-cottoJ, rep, Vf^C«
5 ceived, ranging in price * ~+ i^"^L Van Camp's Pork and Beans-In torn ito PV lull quarts, regulariy |t.oo, «n tapestries, saUn damasks, etc., and among V J length : tood dlk J «
J." M|i : W?T from «1.XC to fie.co USSSa yS^-f^ sauce, regularly joe tin, on Monday, 3 tins . Monday 75O the lot some heavy couch covers— juic 6o , ff • f^ \ « ' L" 11 -J
* WMiW »X BW*a 25 li We have this famous Whulcey in all ; at abcut half value. Monday— i-, - ' \^l n SfO "%
5 liU - Kona Coffee-Regu'arly x S c lb., MondaV.... J ll in bulk, r.gularly $ 3 . S o a gal- $1.80 tO $3.30 EttOh M & Map *?*** §
K A mSm*m mTDmr'mmmmti.mmSmHm S«ym •• ••••• .-2Uo /. *Zg\ '»"» on special sale Monday Odd Pairs Our tains— About 7 s I Men's $13 and $20 5
*•* Ar% uSisJl KL$S3mriLBZSBkT3 BMW WVdMUB(U!aMtt»B\jy. Breakfast Nictar— Cecil Cone:, pickape.. , 1**'7rZ$a only at $3.00 pat", an accumulation from our regular / • Overcoats— From -*
J. j i u u -i u u* K,,r« ,2UO l^^&D POPt and Showy— tt°cl« I best pattern!, for they are those that I . the best overcoat S
J. From a dealer who heavily overbought we have . . ; Bromengelon— Ths detsert jelly, package .... §|®SS The favorits 75c per palbn are soM out Am i some of them are slightly / makers in the S
%? secured 14OO boxes of Hulbirt's Finest Quality j < Ira * fOo ffij^*** 1 qualiy, Monday .5 Go soiled from display j they are marked at ful!y I world \ pci'tlvaly 9
K Writine Pacer tt a little more than half what it IL fltf Six Varieties roa«-L»te« crop, ME~"gi DomoatlO Porter— one-quarter off our regular prices, for Mon- / the b«t ouaUty, At J
6 W .. ro Luf. F c,u,cd .0 .C. for. In,h=lo,<hcr. W^""^^ **"""•. 4O O S SESJ. .".'.V. .'.".. t& ' ¦*"? «O to *5.OO Per p. lr JMlT 1
2- rrc parchment, bond, satin wove, Berkshire \\WwIr English Biwkfart Green Jipan fef^#j Sauterne — F.ttia Dry,- quarts 100 Pairs Lice Curtains— Wile and heavy, | [ // at th«e prices. >{
K wove'and kid-finish papen, in the popular tinti : ,^ Oolong ¦ Young Hy»on ' Monday, 4- f Jcj pint! 25o eeru ani white, per pair,..- ..,$1.50 vWlW The finest eustom S
* of lotus Persian blue in azure cream, hclio- AX^C^OTT Uncolored Japan Gun Powder Licbla'a Beef, Iron and Wl.'.e— Bott'.e. ,4-BO too Pairs Laet Curtains— Fine Battenberg ef- WvjiL^ Overcoats it doubts Ix
£ treJT Sivn and v'olet' in the octavo AlcxU &d^mMP Beit Canidi ' n Che«se-Per lb.. 20o A. V?H. Gln-Lar^ bottki $1.30 feet, per pair $2,30 R ™** *' cost are M X
h trope, lawn and V Olet, in the octavo, AWXlt, m££=&=^r Split Peas-Monday, s lbs 2ii > Crown Cocktallj-Kxtra. bottle.... $1.UO loo I'alnof 50-In«h Port!rr«-He*vv doube better thin these. •*
J. Gladstone and Ay Iciford sizes — this is some ot «¦ . Starch— Looie laundrv, 5 lbs 3uo A. B. C. Beer— Quirts $2.39 dozen} pints , face and overthrow fringe, per pair. $4.50 _——_———. JI
*" the finest society stationery, which will be on special sale to-morrow at the Ohlrardelll's Eagle thjcolate— Package, ... 31, GJ. 300 Yards Oriental Tspeitry— -A very spec'al ¦ *n
S vi%:l:t:.tT:k v A7^"" Writins Paper tni tBc "flssasjaf?!?...*^!* t^^$^m^ss, «»'/«*• «««« $4.45. |
K V bnvc.opei 10 match, on Monday... . ¦ nnrmjr pK<<t gg Bhc|^ ny Cr , nJy _ KI v , m \ . . ~ . 7go .h., mlnI ,..,„„,, p( , Ij,,', gg£ Em p Otiam mere h,n- -3
jc "Florodora" Music ; Xen cases of New Umbrellas have arrived, the latest styles for both "«i« p°«i- Wb |
S suffaWSl. ta-Pta^ men and women; prices. each SOo to $15.00. :.\\:m^ .r ?£*$£ A\ • I
fc . "^ * „ im*jv\» in »w»» . , ¦ ; ¦ ; . in small quantities / JNf \ \ {[
I TL.^^:M±.30 O Astonishing Values in Furniture, Carpets, Rugs. : £&\&ZimJu I
fc TheQuemofth: Philiipinc h'ands 30O __ . ._ .'. \ f ~1 /'-' V* ' m'J* *¦ .. • m * - . . would be the verv"<G^ i . . nf *¦
| TheFewwhoMight ....... 30o Pr/ces that must appeal to thrifty folks who contemplate furnish- iowe,t price a« \l\\ I
5 ?&i^% ; .V^M^^W%oo * n 9' These offerings are of choice, well-made furniture and oar- could be placed J\\ f
3 S^ b^i«i :^!::::;SiS W^Wk * es * »»»«'«- |MC2^' r :- E - n TfR — woo.hcav yw£ig h,
* Instrumrnul Selection from "Fbrodoia". 5«?C lUU,' 1 ' /'S?0wh.wL tUrCrS OttiJf. I ~ V a M? * \ '' ' ' ¦-' : " ' J? | H blue lerge, **^ V J
Tell Me, Pretty M,iden (march) .30" liltTa / /x ' . ffl* . - "^ :^g ; ; lJ^-4 U • ¦•.•"•«" : II H ¦ \i trimmed with six rows of heary *
Tell Me, Pretty Maidtn (d !n ce) 3UC If-AV-- _*2£&*8k'». , — -, 41 I-.^C ¦' >A : • % " f . // / ' ! \ soutache braid in r^ «,»,,%• « (5
.«» Rorodori March .....' 3 QO J& _ L^'-J^S't'^^^ A^^ * A ill /i \ "? tu ' j * • . * >[
•? Florodora Lane ers 3 J r: I^U'-. " ¦y,/r^S=^^| /^_Z ~Z3, Vl H R l \\ nat5 ° n C ° llar a " d shi>Id ' sizc J for bo 7 s "2
, •. **°° ig&jgMi BifHl'' |8^^aiBSM-l||B8f- Hmk iiP#«p5li
3€ We have Uken from our regular fto:k one cf JL. .— — ' " r; Tj fS. «25_- %K* a£S~^^Js^. = -^aas^r ? : "j\^' r "¦ '" "!^j^ ' H ™ M - — -~bS * ,Y // .\] cheviots and fancy mixtures; also scrgaa !n JC
'1 our Lest cvery-diy telling HandkerchirJ'sfnr \WP !^^^^^^*^V' j ! 4fj ' ' . l *-][p«-' li* **^' // Q.^" blue and b'ack, military cut coat, and all the
« women, a 1 pure linen, wiih plain hemstitch, \j->--. : " ~tU' >e&^ ._:;.; LLtf*" 1 U-*^ tf_ ' new fe.turci that appeal to youthful good 5
refularly 15c each and will .ell the 1-t of Thij Oo , den Oak Sideboard- This Extension Teble, with three This Bedroom Set is comtructed of ..lecttdHh (hardwool), whh a handsome This Parlor Tahls of Golden <"««»««i nurjeed exceedingly • $
j ,codc«non Mondayonly, each Heavily carved, with swell front « reaves, go den w k, highly golcen nn'.hr the P !e.e, are nicely carved a.dorn.rnenJ a, indicate in the „ L V ' 8 h h " t *" l "» l "*'OT'W J
f. . »«^*# drawers, to? 46 inchej wide, • poi.hed top and h-avy, flutcl . . . .. . • . - . . . •• , . , . Oak, top 18 inches «
«. .hapei'Fren.h P .e mhr r 1 gs_a .ple'ndid piece of work- . lketch 5 th: ™« «"«• of b «»^^Jureau aftd^ washstand top drawer of square, w ith a shelf be- QIr/^ # # ta9 g Mmm^ ±J. S
& » TA/o BIbm—BOm HI (M 30* 1 6 inches; regularly manihip, easily worth $20; bureau hu a swell front and the byrcau alsa has tfbeve'-pla'e mirror zox2 4 low for books : an exception- •"•" LtntnffS l**Cm 9
J. *M«S triarZtG 9><>VVf dal this (gfitn) €DST ths &f/R &BZ • inch " « thc Bi « Store ' 6 «P«»1 P rice < or th e ««t com- QO al.y big bargain at «O*% Watered Effect Velour Skirt LInhzs—BIaek «
V Genuine alligatDr Calf- ,„ week •» » «*4*' w.ek. . qP#*4Vr^«#< plete, this week only .... *. $& B %J m %3f %3 this week's price. OOU purple, navy, cerise and golden brown, 34 S
\ «2T^«£d!;O^J • Per Cenf off prevailing prices on Carpets- A matchless opportunity for S
&: dark cbamoii-iinei r_J^_$ hot el-keepers and lx>use-owner?, tcr during this sale you can save one-quarter on the price of your flcor to-™™* Wo $
k u o T: r-^™l coverings.;^ .;;. ' £ JV| |
J. very handsomely fin- & ti^b^ S6d for 70c guaflty Tapestry Brusssls—An ex- Tapcsfrtes— Worth $1.00 yard, marked to close. S0q A Trunk Sale. 8
£ hhed book and a great j j cellcnt grade, handsome panor effects, entirely new fall designs. ,#;>• Axmtnstfrs— Worth $1.50 yard, marksd to close 7 So Canva>cor- , *
\ SL" $t.OO\ I ¦ 37^O for lirfirra/nS-Of a h«vy durable qu-^y; «h : d«!g M Body Bn, SS eb-Wor t hi..,; yard. m 1 rt £ J,ocIo J i;.V.'.VV.V"""7So 31TS5 F^^^^^k I
* _, F . r, > ; JJ are pretty and cfFective, and the carpet is reversible. Width 36 inches. _ * * * J : #**•> with 2 heavy a. A htnh "
* o^^ZTCl^r^^h <**?!>** Re»™a»t8- About 500 yards of- remnants of Axmin- Lmoieums-O* « excellent quality, heavy and durable and v,ry hand- j«^.t:ap., iS^HS 1
J counters in the rotunda are terming with nov- ste«, Body Brussels and fapeitrcs, unging in lengths from 5 to 20 yards, s° m = designs, width 1 2 feet, worth $1.00 p:r square yard, special pr!c; kckj y fV^jj? f] '" " J J
tf ; eltici, all markei at department store prices. which we are desirous of closing out at once. this week .' . . . . 7Af* malleable KSv ifo ~, H p If Jf
? — — —^__ -^ ¦ — ___^ — ««_ — m - • - ¦ corner bump- ,| ¦¦ * 'iijl g*) y±
I .sate of Books, Mmasmis Specials sis Crockery Department. £»«"£;• Km |
fliV ««f #* 4" **"^ ' *^ n>nges» 4 trayf, the top tray full covered, wtta Jj
jf monaay uniy. Here a: e. a -few .of the good things that Monday shoppers wi|l find wailing for them in Sin Francisco's la - gc "J pi 3 15l J for v hatl ' 6 lixes> at *""" ™ 1
g Co P yri S ht Paper Book—That «« .y s htjy largest China and Glassware Department: \ -'W SL" «"»«?« Lmomm *
j^ shopworn, published at 50c each, _ ff . .% * ¦ , &^ • as-incn, jo.50 uie, lo-momw ?Oi4O V
I Modun Authors- Limy- More th™ 2 S o . x» | 0) O^B^K Jh|1 /«s^^ © ©1^ /u/m\i \%^_ W-l^ v^rNbr^ Boys' Neckwear J2c S
tf " . 'VV.U /,•/,'' -_-',. . .. . ' jl^ i^ regular way cou'd not be iu'4 less than *tc, / *3
% Tooth Brushy tto. wKgi^ ..^Lk"-^ f^^^fiiil^^^i ;^g is|fi *r?:.^ -*•-?::::^ »«o I
$C and W c, most . of thc lot would be great regular pricej dengns in profile, reg- c.ear glass, a special good vtlue at |oo> §ae . Ja . 4o do «n;on spe- worth aoc, special and decorations, regu- This' 1 1.50 Nickel BOVI TeeK,5carf«— 30 dozen only, made of jj
S va-nes at * S c each, your choice ff . special Monday u'.rly :15c each, Mon- vaioe at 1 8c, on sale ci.l Monday, set com- dal sale Monday, Vet Monday only ¦ lar price toe, special Lamp, on Monday .. f^£S kL «2'S ZTZZ* *** 5
£ Monday only, each; ..:. f/C .'J $1.15 I/O- 5ENGLISH WOMAN WHOSE PI
ANO PLATING IS ATTRACT
ING FAVORABLE COMMENT.
¦ .
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
It Is said that certain peopls cannot sing this
song, but anybody can go away back Ea3t and
sit down in the comfortable traina of the Nickel
Plate Road. These traina carry Nickel Plata
Dining Cars In which are served American Club
Heals at from 35c to $1.00 each. Call or writs
for free book showing views of Buffalo Pan-
American Exposition. Jay .W. Adams. P. &
P. A.. 37 Crocker Bids.. San Francisco Cai. J
MbMbmkx •¦¦ •.. ¦
Anton Dvorak, the Bohemian composer,
has been made a member of the Austrian
House of Lords. ,
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. .Telephone Main 1042. •
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured!
at Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1839 Polk. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
The society is composed of - seventy-five
voices, and last year presented '."Elijah"
and "The Creation," with full orchestral
accompaniment by the Berkeley Orches
tral Society. The chorus has been en
larged this year and i the orchestra
strengthened/ '*¦
Mrs. Charles B. Mills, soprano ; Mrs. :J. B.
Bermlngham, contralto; Harry L. Taylor,
tenor; S. Homer Henley, basso.
The Berkeley Oratorio Society, Clinton
R. Morse, conductor, presents on. Thurs
day next at Shattuck Hall Mendelssohn's
"Elijah" with the following soloists:
It appears that we are .not to have the
Gerardy recitals after all, or," at least,
tht the celebrated 'cellist will not be
heard here until February next. A change
of plan has made San Francisco more
nearly the last instead of the first city of
his American appearance this seson, and
Boston, where he will have the unusual
honor of appearing five times with the
Boston Symphony Orchestra, will hear
first that wonderful Stradlvarius and its
talented owner. Gerardy has had a finely
successful season in Australia this sum
mer and also gave several prosperous con
certs in* Honolulu.
The management, however, claims nn
equality of merit with the Casino produc
tion — in some regards even a superiority—
and that has so far sufficed to fill the New
York theater for more than a year and
the end thereof no man knows.
George E. Lask, as before Intimated, is
responsible for the stage management of
the Columbia production to-morrow nlgnt.
and one can therefore feel reasonably jsure
of that part of the entertainment. Frank
Palma, another Caiifornian, Is music-ii
director, and Laura Millard, sometime so
prano of light opera seasons at the Tivoll
a few years ago, is another contribution
from the State. Then there is William T.
Carleton, long and favorably known
here as head of his own light opera com
pany that toured the State for years a
couple of decades ago with its headquar
ters at the old Bush-street Theater.
Neither, perhaps, should be omitted ih«i
name of Fred Herr, who, with an excel
lent training in the Southern Pacific of
fices at Los- Angeles, fills to admiration
the role of the company's treasuror.
"Florodora" brings, therefore, many old
friends here, and, if not for herself alone,
will be welcome for theirs.
It therefore came in Mn Fisher's way,
who also incidentally secured the services
of Mr. Dunne's partner, Phil Ryley, and
one of the best comedians of the day,
while he was about it. Now there are
three "Florodoras" running in America—
the original Casino production In New
York, the company that will appear here
to-morrow and another that began an
Eastern season in Philadelphia last week
— all under . the fortunate "Florodora"
Fisher's management. The "old original"
"Florodora" of the Lyric Theater in Lon
don, by the way. Is still running. It Is
now in its third, year.
known Dunne & Ryley Company; . that,
by the way, dissolved partnership over
the transaction. Dunne had the option of
the popular opera, but after his somewhat
disastrous season at the California Thea
ter last summer had not the wherewithal
to obtain It.
The Rochester Democrat thus presents
the case for the managers, and as it rep
resents lucidly the general point of view
But it does not seem to have occurred
to any one here to question the right
eousness of those Saturday night per
formances, nor of those In the interim
between the close of the deplorable trag
edy and the funeral of the President,
though a large portion of the usual au
diences signified their decent sorrow by
absenting themselves from the theaters.
But those who . stayed away have criti
cized neither the various managements
for keeping open house nor the play
goers who attended the performances:
neither the actors who took part therein,
nor the owners of the several attractions;
•wherein, as plain as a .pikestaff, appears
the vital difference between out selves and
our Eastern neighbors^ — with the honors
where honor is due. In the East the
manager has been very generally called
upon to defend his policy in keeping open
a place of amusement at a time of pro-,
found national sorrow, and the question
has created a considerable bitterness in
the discussion. The. action of James K.
Hackett in closing his theater from the
day of the President's death until after
the funeral, sustaining thereby a personal
loss of $2000 a night, seems to have formed
the center of discussion and Is variously
interpreted according < to the bias of the
interpreter as "gallery play," "pure ad
vertisement" or as a noble sacrifice to a
ketnly sensitive regard for the national
proprieties. The latter view seems to
prevail with the general public, who have
accorded Mr. Hackett the highest praise
for ' his action. 1 the former -with • other
managers, who say that the actor's line
of conduct has given rise; to unjust com
parisons between his and their policies.
On the day of the funeral at Canton
almost every American theater was closed
both afternoon and evening, with some
exceptions among the vaudeville houses
in Chicago. In London also the day was
generally observed among the American
players and - managers, notably Gillette.
now playing- in "Sherldck Holmes" at the
Lyceum, Nat Goodwin and Maxine El
liott at the Comedy; at the Shaftesbury,
"Are You a Mason?"; at the Century, "The
"Whirl of the Town," and the Duke of
York's, the Apollo and the vaudeville. In
San. Francisco every theater was closed,
every business house except drug stores
and eating houses, even to the cigar and
bootblack stands, and the day with Its
strange accord of physical atmosphere,
heavy, pallid, mournful, and the -weird
quiet, will long ¦ be remembered with a
sorrowful shudder.
: - •« o CURIOUS illustration of the rad
•/\ ical difference between, the East
'/—Y ' ern and Western ethical outlook
/'¦ \ is the more or less acrid dlscus-
r sion now raging in the East on
the keeping open of the theaters there on
• the day of the late President's death, co
incident, with the absolute silence on the
subject maintained here. The San Fran
cisco theaters, •without exception, were
closed In the afternoon, thus sacrificing
the matinee receipts, and were also at one
In keeping open for the Saturday night
performances, a course of conduct that
excited here neither comment nor con
troversy. In New York most of the
theaters pursued the same policy, -with
the important exceptions of Weber &
Field's Music Hall, the Broadway Theater
and Wallack's— where James Hackett was
appearing in "Don Caesar's Return" —
that were all closed for the day, while in
Chicago the theaters were open both in
the afternoon and evening.
If the particular edition of "Florodora"
•with -which we are to- be regaled to-mor
row evening at the Columbia Theater Is
not a success we shall ourselves be largely
to blame, for it turns out to be Quite a
family affair. There are any number of
Californians (more or less) concerned in
the production, from John. C. Fisher, who
owns it, to George E. Lask, the stage
manager, the late lamented stage director
of the Tlvoli. Mr. Fisher is. or was, the
owner of the San Diego Opera-house, and
when the American rights of "florodora"
were on the market in London gecured
them after a famous fight with the. well-
• • •
Mr. Oscar Maurer, I was forgetting to
note, accompanied Mr. Barnhart with
sympathy, taste and spirit.
I do not think the pianist's programme
¦was chosen altogether fortunately. The
Mozart variations in G have not been so
long neglected for nothing, neither Chopin
at his cheapest in the Op. 16 "Rondo"
and the angularities of the Griegr E minor
sonata (I know this is rank heresy) do
not suffice to put one into most harmoni
ous mood. The Bach "Glgue" was de
lightful, though I know the pianist has
sometimes done it ampler Justice, and a
new "Song of the Waves" by Arthur
Henton is a most picturesque and pleas
ing number and was given with full sense
of its values. In one of the Mendelssohn
"Lieder" Miss Hullah most nearly ap
rroached tenderness, but her distinguish
ing' characteristics are an admirable con
scientiousness, considerable technical at
tainment and unusual poise.
Miss Hullah is a Leschetlezky pupil
and. I understand, an aecredlt«»d repre
sentative of the famous master's meth
ods. She has certainly all the character
istics of the «chool. the inimitable stac
cato, the round, full tone and fine clarity
of execution. Hers Is the scholarly,
academic, logical school— an Intellectual
rather than emotional conception — and
from this standpoint her work is emi
nently satisfactory. But it is as if ehe
sang because ehe willed, not because she
must, as if judgment rather than in
spiration guided her effort — a fine and
high judgment be it paid, but still a cal
culated and not inevitable note.
HandeUaa merrymaking In < "O, Ruddier
Than the Cherry." given with a delightful
certainty of execution, to the pirated de
ligrhts of Levi's tuneful "Garden Sere
nade." In which the singer touched ad
mirably the eentimental side of things.
His exquisite pianissimo is another pleas
ingr feature of Mr. Barnhart's work, and
the Quaint "Philemon et Baucis" song
offers happy opportunity for Its exhibi
tion. Barring a sometime eccentricity of
enunciation and a few insignificant man
nerism!?, there is but little to cavil at in
the newcomer's work, and he is truly an
Important addition to the not too thickly
populated ranks of good men singers here.
Worth, variety and Interest were all rep
resented in the programme. '• from the
Mr. Barnhart is eoinethingr in the nature
nf a discovery. A pupil, of old Cortezi in
Florence for five years, a pupil of Ran
degger in London, he has a delightful
voice, technique and method. His voice is
a smooth and powerful basso cantante,
¦with all the best characteristics of his
kind. He phrases ¦ .in most musiclanly
fashion, has the nicest sense of shading, a
fine flexibility and a! wide range of even
quality, from en<J to end. Mr., Barnhart
is also the fortunate possessor of that
elusive thing called temperament and has
a «ervieeabl« dramatic sense that ena
bles him to give numbers like the "Torea
dor Song" with, a fine swing and spirit.
I advise any one' hearing this Binger
In concert to refrain from Judgment on
his first and. ..even" .second , numbers.
He was extremely . nervous th'e other
evening, until he "had > 'got the pitch
of. the house,,- • so' to speak — nerv
ous to an extent that affected his intona
tion and even his freedom of execution.
But perhaps that was only • the nervous
ness Incidental to a first appearance. Mr.
Sarnha.it has certalnly.no other reason to
be nervous. •••'.=
MR. HARRY H. BARXHART. a
Caiifornian who has been wan
dering' over the European conti
nent for the last ten years,
graining knowledge and grace,
made his first appearance here as a singer
on Thursday evening last at Sherman &
Clay Hall, in -company with Miss An
nette Hullah, a charming young English
woman who plays. the piano and who also
made her debut before a Caiifornian au
dience. ¦-:¦.¦¦ : " ' .." '",
NEW LEADING LADY AT THE AL
CAZAR WHO WILL. APPEAR IN
"LIBERTY HALL."
r-jr^ HE Examiner, in an effort to fix upon The Call some of the yellow pitch of anarchy with
I which the yellow sheet has itself been defiled for years past, yesterday published in black
1 .faced type at the head of its editorfal columns an extract from a report upon Emma Gold
¦"¦ man made by a woman employed upon the staff of The Call at the time the noted anarchist
was in this city in April, 1898. The extract separated from its context gives but little ground for
the insinuation which the yellow distorter of the truth would have it convey, and when read in
its proper place in the article it affords no such ground at all. The publication of it ttiefefoif! in
the way in which it was presented to the public by the Examiner was a deliberate attempt at defa
mation by means of falsehood and misrepresentation.
We cannof permit the yellow faker to place The Call in even a seeming alliance with Exam
iner motives to promote anarchy, and accordingly take space enough this morning to refute the
falsehood and expose the trickery to which Hearst in his desperation resorts,
When Emma Golilmnn came to San Francisco a member' of the staff of The Call was &ent
to attend her lecture, interview her and give a personal impression of her character and manners.
That work is done in the ordinary routine of legitimate journalism in order that the public may
be informed concerning nny person in whom there is general interest at the time, even if that
person be a murderer whose crime has shocked the community. The report concerning Mifw Gold
man was published on April vj}\ 1898, m a part of the local news of the day. On the very next
day there \su published nn editorial setting forth the condemnation which The Call lias, never
failed to pronounce upon nunrehy and its votaries whenever the occasion hag called for it. That
the public inny have now an opportunity to perceive how grossly the Examiner 1ms lied in this
ense we rcpublish both the interview and the. editorial in full, The report ran thus: ' ¦ t '¦ '
I2M/V1A GOLD/Y\AINi ANARCHIST.
A little woman— she enii't l»e five feet tnll-^lier round slender figure neatly drc'sscd In black, a bunch nf
carnations at her belt nml one Blowing vividly in her brown hair, n white collar at her fair throat and white
lace falliiiR over her tiny hands, Her eyes are beautifully clear and stray, her forehead is fine and low " '
though the head itself seems narrow, the small nose is a bit blunt*and the thin lips have an habitual disdain
ful curl that is far from pleasing.
This is Emma Goldman, the anarchist, who suffered a. year's imprisonment in New York for "inciting to ,
riot." . ' '. •
"I didn't incite to riot." she paid to me after last night's meeting was over. "I merely quoted Cardi- ,
. nal Manning's words, 'Necessity knows no law.' "
"But there was an implication, wasn't there? You meant them to riot?" Tasked her.
Incite to riot?
Why, this five feet of feminine anarchy is the most dangerous enemy society has. Had she lived a
century ago she would have been beheaded. Two centuries aeo. Emma Goldman, anarchist, would have been
delivered over to the loving embrace of tlie'jungfrau, while in the sixteenth century she would have been
nicely boiled in oil or beheaded and then neatly broken on the wheel.
But this little Russian woman, with her thickened speech, her good rolling "r's," her disdain of rhetor
ical rules, her vehemence of expression; her potent unstudied postures, is the most interesting woman I
ever met. She has life, she has courage, she has brains. She is fiercely consistent, unwaveringly true, and
though I can't agree with her, 1 believe -her to be absolutely sincere!
You should hear her talk. It doesn't matter whether you're socialist or anarchist, or.are endowed with
a blessed indifference to isms in general. You can better afford to miss hearing Melba or even Bernhardt than
listening to this genuine creature. She is San Francisco's sensation as she was that of New York and Chi
cago; and next to the departure of the soldiers who marched off to Cuba there is nothing so thrilling as
listening to Emma Goldman. For nothing cows this "woman, who alludes in her full, strong contralto to the
Diety as ''the old gentleman who employs full-stomached idlers, priests, rabbis and ministers. . to mind his
business"; who attacks the press and charges it wi$h the responsibility of the war with Spain; who speaks
mockingly of President McKinley as "a low politician," and says it was honesty among thieves that made
De Lome so express himself, and who then turns upon the people themselves present and taunts them
with their ignorance, their helplessness and their gullibility.
¦ . "You — j'ou — you fools!" she cried, "you slaves who prate of humanity! Did you interfere in human- •
ity's name when Sheriff Martin and the other murderers, his deputies, shot the strikers down? : Oh, no; ,'
you did nothing of the kind! You believe what you are told to believe; you do what you are told to do.
You stand like cattle before the bulletin boards with the war news. What for, my friends, what for? That
the ruling classes may rejoice: that the yoke may press tighter upon you; that your blood and your : body and
r your purse may suffer. And then you talk of freedom, of liberty!" , , - .
O, the contempt in this woman's voice! O. the power she has over this large, audience that .shouts '"'
bravos and stamps and roars in response to her fiery words! \. "
"As if a workingman could ever be free! Why, you are slaves. And 'the brave boys, the brave .
boys,'" she went on quoting sarcastically, "I say 'the brave boy' who goes to offer himself in battle while his
father sweats at home and his sister sells herself in the streets deserves the lash — and I hope he gets it."
I asked Miss Goldman later if she didn't fear to address men in such terms as this! . '
. " "Never," she answered. "I have talked to wbrkingmen at the mines, in Chicago, during strikes, and
never once was molested." . '¦ .•• ,
She doesn't mince words, this fierce, scornful woman. She denounces the present war — all wars — as .
a relic of a barbarous time. She declares the men we honor — Washington, Jefferson. Wendell Phillips — were
not patriots, but rebels. She deplores love of country because it makes one intolerant. " . .
"Do you mean to tell me," she demands, one little hand outstretched and the other braced upon her ;¦
hip, "do you mean to tell me it is wise and noble to throw yourselves like wild beasts upon the Spaniards. •
and that you'll believe it perfectly wise and perfectly legal and noble, simply because you're told so by the '
press and the pulpit — the pulpit," she sneered, "for war! — and the monopolists and the Government that is not •!
by the people, and for the people? They tell you you'd tear yourselves to pieces if you had no leaders. ¦ ¦
Who does the: lynching in the South — the white or the black?" • . .•
Miss .Goldman's spe'ech is epigrammatic: it is highly quotable. "The world is my., country,", she de- -.:
clares; "to.do good is my only religion." Freedom, freedom is her cry. According to her' creed every, bar- .,...
rier is tyranny, every government, all laws, an imposition. ; - . : ; , ¦.'.: ' .'
• And the remedy ?& , • • •*•¦¦. . ' - .. '-"¦ V ; '; ; -.V .• '.v'..
: "I may bei.a fool; ; :: I am not a prophet," she answered a question from the gallery with a swagger, the : :;'
only betrayal of self-consciousness she was guilty of last night. ' ; ' . • '. • ; • " - •;
This small firebrand will susrgest no remedy save this: , • • "' • . ¦ :.
"Truth is a dangerous weapon in the hands of working men and women. Your enemy is not in Spain "¦
but in Washington: not in Madrid, but in San Francisco, in New York, in Chicago.. I believe in holding
up a looking-glass before you so that you can see and know yourselves. When j-ou are educated, when you" •-. •'.
'know your power, you'll need no bombs, and no dynamite or militia will hold you.',' - . •
On the following day as a warning against the effects of the Goldman meetings The. Call
•published this editorial: .\ ; . ¦ ; ' •.
/brought themselves into position in which their lives could be laid bare furnishes an interesting study.
They have usually been found to have lived in violation of the moral law which was in force among
men before national codes were formed, and is understood to restrain men even when they are beyond the ¦'' \
reach of codes and statutes. Their domestic relations are frequently illicit and their ideas of rights of prop
erty are not derived from the ten commandments. \ •
As organized society and the laws of states are based upon the rights of person and property and de
fend the moral foundation of the domestic relations, anarchy lifts its hand against society and against gov
ernment. .
When confronted with such records as are revealed by the arrest of anarchists who have been guilty of
assassination it U their practice to' reply that the moral offenses committed by them are also practiced by
others who profess to support organized society and to support government. .
That is obviously true. But such violators of the moral code are secret sinners, who realize their of
fense and conceal it and shrink from making its practice the social rule by the- destruction of government
and its institutions. .
The spirit of anarchy is one that resists moral restraint, that chafes under the discipline of institu
tions, and strikes impartially at church and state, because each is in its way the agent of morality and dis
cipline.
It would seem, then, that anarchy is the cult of the abnormal man, of the class of atavists who reject
everj'thing that has come into the world with civilization.
Those who publicly propagate it are the apostles of crime, the evangelists of assassination.
Their cry. to the laboring man isftHat he is a slave, and no means are omitted to embitter him and make
him an agent in the destruction of civilization and government.
It needs no profound knowledge, or exalted, intelligence to discern the motives or deny the pre
mises of anarchy. Modern civilization, which it attacks, has lifted the face of labor from the ground and
turned it toward the stars. It has taken labor in the mass out of serfdom into independence, out of a hut into '
a house. It has dotted the nations with schools wherein the sons and daughters of laboring men have been
freely offered the opportunity for a better education than was within the reach of princes a thousand years
ago. ' # ¦ /¦.'.
Government and civilization have put the personal and property rights of labor on exactly the same
footing and under the same judicial protection as the rights of the rich, born in the purple.
The improved economic conditions, due to modern civilization, have put over labor a. shelter, into its
life comforts, and on its table food that were the exclusive possession of royalty and nobility five hundred
years ago. - : ;
So government and social institutions can point to what they have done for < the enfranchisement of
man since the dark ages. To what can anarchy point as its achievements for humanity? To the inno
cent torn, to shreds by dynamite: to the President of a republic murdered in his carriage: to the Czar
who decreed freedom' and, ownership of land to 25.000,000 serfs, assassinated in the streets of St. : Petersburg
to a score of faithful policemen murdered in Haymarket square while doing their duty as protectors of person
and property. What has all this crime and violence done for labor? Has it given wages, shelter, food and
schooling? Has it advanced man a step 1 in the path of further progress which "civHizatiori. has opened for
him? '".-\:- :.; :< \y. '. ~\ ¦.'¦¦'.¦
•Let it blazon its achievements and inform labor of the mighty things it has wrought for those who toil
that the world may strike a balance between murder and civilization as a means for the uplifting of the race
'Such is the full record of the case. The reader will perceive there is nothing in the inter
view with Miss Goldman to incline any, person to listen favorably to her teachings, while the edi
torial in' emphatic terms condemned them by pointing out their _ violation^ not only of the law.s of
government but of God as well. It remains now for the Examiner, ihis maligner of others and
garbler of reports, to venture upon some explanation of its relations to anarchy, and to assassina
tion—and to the publication and indorsement of the following verse: .
"The loullet that pierced Gbebel's chest
Ganript be found in all the West; *
Good reason. It is speeding here
To stretch /WcKinley on his bier."
THE SPIRIT OR ANARCHY. . ; ,. o ;
The record of several anarchists who by bomb-throwine and other forms- of assassination ' have
YELLOW TRICK EXPOSED.
By Guisard.
DISCUSSION RAGES OVER
PLAYS RUNNING ON DAY
OF PRESIDENT'S DEATH
THE SAN FRANCE
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to W. :^ jEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ................ .....' • SEPTEMBER 29, 1901
Publication Office ... «$$$^jfjj^> • Market and Third, S. F.
THE SAN FRAlSrCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
By Blanche Parting! on.
PUPIL OF OLD CORTEZI
PROVES A DISCOVERY ON
RETURN FROM CONTINENT
among: them I give it here In full:
I am a good citizen of the United States, and
I deplore the death of the President and the
manner of It as deeply as any other good dtl- .
zen. I perceive as clearly as you the lncon
rniity of public amusements during a period '
of public mourning. But If I close my theater
for a week — there Is no reason that I can se»
why it is more permissible to open It on any
one night during tha^mourning period than on
any . other — I will suffer a pecuniary loss of
from $5000 to $10,000. And I must bear this loss
alone. I cannot so distribute it between my
self, my landlord and my employes that my
personal loss would be merely the loss of my
profit for the week. It would not be fair to do
eo, and the law would not permit me to do so.
I cannot afford this loss. It might bankrupt
me. Now. why should I. more than any other
business man, be asked to prove my sympathy
with the general sorrow by incurring such a
loss and risking bankruptcy? I understand per
fectly that there are occupations to which!
my question does not apply. ¦ The butchers, th«
grocers, tike bakers, the apothecaries must con*
tlnue to do business in order to supply actual
needs of the public. But to the jewelers. th»
dry goods dealers, the milliners. In short, to)
ninety-nine occupations out of a hundred tha$
are uninterrupted during a period of public
mourning without objection. I think my ques
tion does apply. Their activity during thai
mourning period is no more vitally essential
to the public well being than Is the continuance
of my business. Moreover, note this: If pub-. 1
lie opinion were solidly against me. If there i
were a genuine public aversion to public i
amusement during the period of public mourn
, ing. my theater would, of course. b« closed 1
for obvious reasons. There is no loss In noi
playing to empty benches.
The above statement seem3 to cover th<
ground pretty well, and is a fair and sen
sible presentment of the case for the man
agers. The fact, however, remains tha
a large percentage of the American pur> ,
lie, indubitably composed of those cttl i
zens whom we are content to acknowl
edge as safe leaders in any other ques' .
tion of national import, differ from th«
opinions therein expressed and hold thai
the opening of the theaters at all during
a period of deep mourning like that
through -which the nation has Just Dasset
is a flagrant violation of national pro
prieties. The very practical expressior
of opinion from that other portion of th«
community that partially filled the oner
theaters during the aforesaid period i=»
evidence unmistakable on the manaeera '
side. "
It is, of course, a matter of public sent! ,
ment. and to expect that that varying qual
ity shall coincide upon this or any aues
tion is the most altrurianof delusions Bv
it is certainly unfortunate that any ques
tion Involving the growing dignity of the
drama among the arts should arise at th<
present time, and the current discussioa*
has certainly trended in that direction
Many remedies have been suggested b-v
which such undignified differences aa i
have inspired the present controversy
might be obviated, even to the Europear
expedient of ordering a prescribed periofV
of mourning, to be observed by all places!
of amusement alike. But mourning b3
act of Congress will hardly appeal to tha
American public, especially one that ao\
parently discriminates against the busU
ness interests of certain classes of th<»
community. It would hardly be possibles
either unless certain conditions that pre
vail in Europe were prevalent here; foo
example, theaters subsidized by the state
or, as in England, the life of the reignlns
sovereign insured by theatrical managers
against their inevitable loss in case of
said rulers' death. And here the question
hangs, that wo have here allowed, with
characteristic good nature or indiffer
en f e vv to s €ttle , It5elf . permitting our
neighbor to mind his own business
whether It took him to the theater or to
church, and not therein being conspicu
ously improper apparently, even in com
parison with our controversial Eastern
friends. v. v - :
18Major Alexander B. Dyer, who has been
acting as assistant to the inspector gen
eral and also as chief signal officer for tha
Department of California, has received
orders from the War Department to re
port for duty at headquarters, Depart
ment of Columbia. Major Dyer has proved
himself a very valuable staff officer in
this department, and his enforced depart
ure is a matter of general regret In mili
tary circles.
Captain B. C. Morse, recently appointee!
to the Seventeenth Infantry and at pres
ent acting assistant adjutant general, will
assume the duties of chief signal officer.
try "Will Assume Duties of
Chief Signal Officer.
Captain Morse of Seventeenth. Inf an*
MAJOB ALEXANDER DYER
TO LEAVE CALITOHNXa:
The Call maintains that it is right to
publish the news so that all the citizens
of San Francisco may know that one of
the candidates who purposes going before
Citizens Have Bight to News.
Many delegates in the convention may
express surprise when they learn that the
ticket is being made up without consult
ing their wishes, but they must reflect
that every political campaign affords sur
prises.
Aspirants for office were eager yester- 1
day to ascertain the result of the confer
ences at the Palace Hotel called for the
purpose of naming a candidate for Mayor
on the Republican ticket. There were two
conferences Friday afternoon and two
yesterday. T>. M. Burns, W. F. Herrin
end Max Goldberg attended one of the
conferences, Asa R. Wells was present at
one of the meetings and it Is reported
that Thomas V. Cator was present at an-
» other. Burns and Herrin were present
on all occasions. The point in question
was whether Cator or Wells should be
Elated for Mayer. It Is understood that
Herrin inclined strongly toward the in
dorsement of Cator. but after the subject
was discussed in all its bearings the con
freres decided to name "Wells.
Explanation Is Necessary.
The citizens of San Francisco want to
vote for a Mayor who will be perfectly
free and independent of corporate infiu-
When Mr. Wells goes to the platform to
Indorse the principles enunciated by the
convention he may elect to speak without
reserve concerning his relations with the
Southern Pacific.
We recommend that all nominees of this con
vention, except the nominees for Judges of the
Police Court, shall appear before this conven
tion and Indorse the platform and pledge them
selves to support the nominees of this conven
tion.
the convention and asking its indorsement
for Mayor sat down in private confer
ences with the chief attorney of the
Southern Pacific Company and Colonel D.
M. Burns and doubtless outlined to them
the policy which would govern him as
Mayor. If any delegate should entertain
a doubt as to the accuracy of this news
let him ask Asa R. Wells. The reputa
tion which Mr. Wells bears is that of. a
truthful man. It would be eminently
proper for him to take the delegates into
his confidence and speak as -frankly to
them as he spoke to the attorney of the
Southern Pacific at the Palace Hotel se
cret interview. The order of business
adopted by the convention contains this
provision:
Herrin and Burns, After Several Conferences
at Palace Hotel, Decide That Aud.tor Shall
Receive Republican Nomination for Mayor
WELLS PUT ON SLATE
TO LEAD THE TICKET
Frank McGowan, one of the class ini
tiated, delivered a short address on Ma
sonry, which he declared teaches loyalty
to government and fealty to those who
are at the head of the government, and
declared that there is now a new danger
that threatens the nation and that the
viper, anarchy, that is rising from the
sewer • of civilization must be crushed.
When the time came, he said, every
Mason would be ready to-do his duty in
assisting to crush the monster that is
showing its head in this country.
Will H. Crocker then had a few words
to say on the subject of the new hall
which is to be erected on the site of Red
Men's Hall, on Post street, for the Scot
tish Rite. The site, he said, had been se
cured for $110,000, and all but $31,000 of this
amount had been secured. He said that
during the day he had received a letter
Inclosing a check for $15,000 as a subscrip
tion to the stock of the new enterprise.
"Who signed the check?" was -asked
from many parts of the hall.
I : Mr. Crocker then said, "John D. Spreck
els," and what he said after that was
drowned by the clapping of hands and the
stamping of feet, which was kept up for
several minutes. • ¦ • ¦
This event was followed by a banquet,
at which the venerable master of Kadosh
presided as toastmaster. After the black
coffee had been served Charles L. Patton
was called upon for a few remarks. He
spoke of the work that had been per
formed, of the lessons that Masonry teach
and denounced anarchy and "those that
aid it" for having laid low the noblest
Mason that ever lived.
At the convocation of San Francisco
Consistory No. 1, Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite of Masonry, in the Masonic
Temple last night, a class of fifty-one can
didates, the largest upon which the thir
ty-second degree has ever been conferred,
was initiated in a manner which for per
fectness and impressiveness won the ad
miration of all of the 250 who were pres
ent to witness the ceremony as performed
by the officers, who are as follows:
A. Vorbe, editor of Le Franco-Callfornien
Frank C. Van Schaick; sub-prior, James A.
Wilson; chancellor, Charles W. Conli3k; minis
ter of state, Harry J. Lask; almoner, William
S. Moses; registrar, Henry Burner; treasurer,
Samuel W. L«vy; prelate, Robert E. Allan;
marshal of ceremonies Joseph D. Abrams; ex
pert, H. D. Grauernolz; assistant expert,
George G. Gauld; master of guard, A. J. da
Lnmare; steward, John d'Arcy. •
Many Candidates Initi
ated Into the Scottish
Rite Mysteries.
LARGE CLASS
GIVEN DEGREE
The Democratic local convention will
meet at Odd Fellows* Hall to-morrow
evening. J. w. McGee will be chosen
chairman and Thomas W. Hickey secre
?£T" J^. is &° ssi V Democratic circles
that either Harry Creswell or Franklin
it. Ixine will be nominated for Mayor.
There is talk of putting Supervisor Rich
ard Hotaling in the race.
Democratic Convention.
The Fortieth District delegation will
caucus at B'nai B'rith Hall at 7:30 to
morrow evening. The delegation will en
deavor to select four county committee
men and indorse a candidate for Super
visor. Charles HT. Stanyan is spoken of
for Supervisor.
The Forty-first District delegates will
place C. A. Murdock in nomination for
Mayor and invite other delegates to sun
port their candidate.
The slating of Mr. Wells for Mayor is
said by the- politicians to open the way
to the nomination of W. Z. Tiffany for
Auditor. Mr. Tiffany is very highly in
dorsed by leading merchants and well
known professional men of the city. H<3
was nominated for Recorder two years
ago and ran one thousand votes ahead of
his ticket.
ence. Unless some clear and distinct ex
planation is made of the secret conference
Herrin delegates to the convention
and citizens generally may get the im
pression that the railroad company Is
seeking in advance of the convention's
action to pledge the nominee for Mayor
to some line of policy favorable to the
company's interests.
With a high appreciation of the energetic
vigilance displayed by your staff and the kind-
On the 5th inst. ' three of my men were at
tacked on East and Market streets. Through
his British Majesty's Consul your assistance
was Invoked. Since then our discharging has
progressed on schedule time without interfer
ence of any kind, thanks to the efficient pro
tection furnished by your officers under Cap
tain Dunteavy and to lieutenant Price and
his night staff, to whom I and all others com
pelled to traverse the water front after dark
owe a debt of gratitude'.
Senior Apprentice Htckman of the ship En-
Rlehorn. of the same company as the Haddon
Hall, was ordered to report for duty upon my
vessel. He accompanied an express wagon en
gaged to transfer his effects to the wharf.
Upon his arrival the wagon was surrounded by
men, -who announced themselves as union pick
ets. One of the number struck the young man
In the face, while the others took possession of
his effects. I protested against such arbitrary
action and matters were looking rather serious
when Police Officer Ingham arrived on the
scene and dispersed the threatening mob.
When I brought my ship alongside Howard
street wharf conditions along: the city front
were such as to cause me frequent annoyance
and serious anxiety. When of an evening I
left ray ship I was subject, both going and
coming, to a series of cross-examinations as
to my Identity, my profession, my rank and the
particular business upon which I was bent.
This of itself, to say the least, was very an
noying, but on the 1st inst. this unwarranted
interference reached a climax.
Bark Haddon Hall of Liverpool
San Francisco, Sept. 26, 1901
"William P. Sullivan Jr. Esq., Chief of Police
San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: I, as master of
the above vessel, at the request and with the
sanction and approval of several British ship
masters here in port and at present occupying
berths along the city front, hereby desire with
pleasure to express our gratitude to your good
seir and your very attentive staff for the care
ful protection accorded during the past two
weeks to. ourselves, our crews and the floating
property under our care and for which we are
responsible.
Sullivan immediately increased the force
along the line of docks and adopted rigor
ous methods for wiping out the water
front violence committee. Lieutenant
Price and a picked squad were intrusted
with the tasK and they did the work
thoroughly.
• With the wholesale arresting of union
pickets, the stream of broken heads which
had kept the surgeons at the Harbor Hos
pital busy almost entirely ceased. The
midnight robbery became an infrequent
occurrence and folks bent upon legitimate
business are now able to pursue their
ways without molestation.
Captain Pritchard of the Haddon Hall,
who is also a lieutenant of the British
Royal Naval Reserve, was asked by the
British captain in port to convey to the
police authorities an expression of the
blessings of the lately found peace. The
following is his letter: ;
Chief of Police Sullivan has received an
indorsement of his policy in preserving
the peace of the water front from the
masters of British ships occupying berths
along the city front. These men have had
to pay their full share of tribute to thje
methods of the union picket. They them
selves have ' been stopped; \ cross-ques
tioned and insulted, and have had their
authority over their own men defied. Some
of these men have been brutally beaten.
To such a^pass did affairs come that Cap
tain P«itchard of the British bark Had
don Hall appealed to the British Consul
for protection. Acting Consul Wellesley
Moore applied to Chief of Police Sullivan
as a step preliminary to making an appeal
through his government to the Federal
authorities.
Changed Conditions.
Compliments for Chief Sullivan for.
BRITISH CAPTAIN PLEASED.
INDICTED MEW ABRESTED.
$500 Bond3.
Rowland and Carlson Axe Released on
Charles Rowland and Axel G. Carlson,
strikers, who were indicted by- the Grand
Jury Friday, were arrested yesterday and
taken to the County Jaii. They were re
leased on $500 bonds. each. •¦-: : ?V;
Rowland is accused of robbery'commit
ted on Special Officer *A. Cochrane and the
case has been before Judge Cabaniss. It
was on his calendar yesterday, but as he
had not been otHcialiy notified of the ac
tion of the Grand Jury he continued it
until October 3. There is another case of
robbery against Rowland before Cabaniss.-
Carlson is charged with assault to mur
der for shooting at Special Officer Furey
on the Oceanic dock. His case was before
Judge FMtz, and was stricken from his
calendar yesterday owing to the action of
the Grand Jury.
Robert Ellis, a striking teamster, who
was arrested on a charge of assault to
murder, appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday and the care was continued for
a week to give the police a chance to ar
rest three other strikers who are wanted
for the eame offense. The complaining
witness Is Thomas Coatello, a non-union
teamster for Magner & Scott. On Sep
tember 17 he was dragged from a buggy
by four men and struck over the head
with a bottle. He identified Ellis' as one
of his assailants.
FIRED UPON STRIKERS,
vlctim of the strikers' cruelty last night.
He was taking a drink in a Third-street
saloon, when a dozen or more strikers
rushed in on him crying "scab" and beat
and kicked him into unconsciousness. Sul
livan says he is not a non-union man — in
fact, is not employed anywhere.
Special Officer Morton Resants At-
tack "With Revolver.
Much excitement was caused at the
corner of Third and Tehama streets by
the firing of two pistol shots at 5:3d
o'clock last evening. The trouble was
caused by a ouartet of strikers in the
St. DaVid's House, who threw bottles at
Special Officer Morton, who was guarding
a teamster in the employ of the Union
Transfer Company, and who fired his re
volver twice at the window -in which the
strikers were clustered.
The St. David's House is at 715 Howard
street, and it has also an entrance on
Tehama street. While the special was
conducting the teamster past the rear of
the building four men appeared at a win
dow on the second floor and hurled sev
eral bottles at the teamster and his es
cort. The latter drew his revolver and
fired quibkly without, however, hitting
any of the men. An attempt was then
made to enter the building, but before the
door could be unlocked the men had fled.
They are known to be reckless characters
and they will be arrested on sight.
•USES CTLTJB ON SALOONKEEPER.
Harry Rosseter Arrested on Com
' plaint of Strikers' Champion.
Death of Milton E. Babb.
Milton E. Babb, formerly an attorney
of this city, died Friday at his home in
Raymond, Madera County. He went
there about a year and a half ago, a suf
ferer from lung troubles, being compelled
to give up active practice. He was a na
tive of Hardy County, Virginia, and 47
years of age. He arrived in California in
1877 and was admitted to practice in 1SS0.
His most noted case was the prosecution
before the Grand Jury of the forgery
charges against John K. Moore. A widow
survives him.
Harry Rosseter of the firm of J. T. Ros
seter & Co. was arrested yesterday on a
warrant sworn to by Con Donahue, a sa
loon-keeper, charging him with an assault
to commit murder.
About a week ago Rosseter was leaving
the company's coalyard, at 524 First
street, when he was attacked by a gang
of strikers. Drawing a club Rosseter,
who a short time ago was appointed a
special policeman, charged his assailants
and soon put them to flight. Donahue,
who conducts a saloon contiguous to the
scene of the fight, went to the rescue of
the beaten strikers and was himself
knocked out, receiving an ugly* gash in
the head. After waiting until yesterday
Donahue appeared before Judge Fritz and
swore to a warrant for the arrest of Ros
seter. The latter was at once released on
$2000 bonds.
A short time ago Bosseter was attacked
by a gang of strikers, who endeavored to
break his arm. He managed to free him
self from them, but not until they had
severely injured his wrist.
PICKETS MAKE AN "ARREST."
Union Headquarters.
Quartermaster Gillen "Does Time" at
John Gillen, a quartermaster employed
by the Pacific Mail Company, asserts that
he was on Friday "arrested" by union
pickets and .taken to the headquarters of
the City Front Federation; He was de
tained there from 5 until 11 o'clock p. m.
Prior to his "arrest" he and two ship
mates -were attacked by union pickets.
The others got away. Gillen was again
attacked near the door of the Mail dock
when returning from his incarceration,
but the appearance on' the scene of Cap
tain Anderson put his assailants to flight.
Samuel- Batten, chief steward of the
steamship City of Panama, was- held up
Friday night about a half-block a»-ay
from the Mail dock by a band of union
pickets. After cross-examining him they
refused to allow him passage along Bran
nan street and ordered him back to the
dock. Unarmed and outnumbered, he was
obliged to obey and compelled to spend
the night on board ship.
Assaults on Non-TJnion Hen.
Matthew Paulson, a teamster in the em
ploy of the Union Transfer Company, was
the victim of a brutal assault at Second
and Harrison streets at 6 o'clock last
night. He was returning to the stables of
the company, and while passing under the
Harrison street bridge some hoodlums on
the bridge I hurled several missiles down
upon him. He was struck on the head -with
a stone and suffered a laceration of the
scalp. He fell unconscious, and on being
picked up was taken to St. » Mary's Hos
pital, where his wound was dressed.
Lee Moody, a driver for the California
Wine Association, was viciously assaulted
about 11 o'clock last' night at the corner
of Golden Gate avenue and Market street
by a crowd of striking teamsters. Moody
and a friend nad just turned into Golden
Gate avenue when he was struck by one
of three men w^o were following him. He
turned and ran through the crowd, across
Market street and into a saloon at the
corner of. Sixth and. Mission streets. One
of the same gang followed him and
knocked him In a heap in a corner of the
barroom, besides tearing down some of
the furnishing. The striker escaped.
Moody came here from San Jose.
George' Keeran, a lumber pller, was at
tacked by a crowd of strikers at Sixth
and Folsom streets ' at ' * 11 o'clock last
night. He was beaten almost "insensible.
Both his eyes were closed and four scalp
wounds Inflicted, v His assailants accused
htm of being a non-union teamster and
after beating him they robbed him of a
$35 gold watch. - While Keeran was being
beaten he saw another gang ( beating a
non-union man but a few yards away.
"Unemployed Stranger Is Beaten.
". Patrick Sullivan, a laborer, who recent
ly arrived hero from Boston, was another
The police station was notified of the
riot, but it was all over before Lieutenant
Price's men reached the scene. As a re
sult of the continued violence in the neigh-'
borhood of the Mail dock the police will
take away the licenses of at least four
saloons. The action of the street ear con
ductors on duty on the cars running to
the Mall dock and accused Of pointing out
non-union men to the pickets will also be
investigated. . • . . - ¦
The union pickets stationefl in the vicin
ity of the Pacific Mail dock were on Fri
day night attacked and severely beaten
by half a dozen of the victims of their
own violence. The pickets in this neigh
borhood have besn conspicuous for their
activity. Hardly a night has passed with
out its victim. Six of these victims, in
jured earlier in the strike and now recov
ered, banded together on Friday for the
purpose of forcing on the pickets a dose
of their own medicine. The fight was
short but lively, and yesterday those pick
ets whose feet and lists have been most
active in the service of the City Front
Federation were conspicuous for the band
ages with which the attendants at St.
Mary's Hospital had eqvered up the cuts
and bruises received in • the previous
night's lesson. . ¦¦•
Violence Committee.
Non-Union Victims Bout Branch, of
James McNab of McNab & Smith as
serts that his firm is doing more than its
usual amount of business. C. W. Baird,
manager of the Overland Freight Trans
fer Company, said his firm had eighty
four teams out and would have the full
complement of 100 if. business warranted
it. The "Western Transfer Company
claims to be doing its usual amount of
business, while the Morton Drayage and
Warehouse Company places the business
it is doing at 75 per cent of the normal
amount. The G. W. Emmons Company
places its business at the same per cent
age. The Stetson-Renner .Company has
almost reached the average of business
done before the strike. F. D. Schuyler,
manager of the Independent Employment
Bureau, says that all applications for
teamsters have been filled with the ¦ ex
ception of applications for men able to
drive four-horse trucks and to handle
baled hay.
For the first time since the beginning of the
strike the employers are in a position to exer
cise discrimination in the choice of applicants
for positions. A gradual weeding out of in
competent men is going on, and the efficiency
of those who are tilling the strikers' place; is
increasing. All the firms report that the new
men exhibit as great adaptability to the work
as the former employes except in the cases
of special lines, which require long experience.
They are confident that in a short time all gen
eral lines of work will be handled as rap'.dly
and as carefully as they were by the old
employes.
Regarded from. the employers' view the situ
ation is in every way satisfactory. Out of
1044 wagons in use bafore the strike by mem
bers of the association our reports show that
over 950 are. employed. This number could be
increased considerably if the. state of business
warranted it. Nearly all of the smaller con
cerns and some of the larger ones are transact
ing business up to their normal capacity. We
have no difficulty in securing drivers or spe
cial policemen.
For the week ending Saturday, September 28,
the Draymen's Association reports a satisfac
tory increase in the business of Its members
In nearly every line and a gradual return to
the normal state of affairs as they were be
lore the strike. According to figures furnlbhed
the association headquarters by its members
92 per cent of the teams and wagons In use
before the beginning; of the strike are now
engaged in transporting merchandise. Some
of the firms are employing more teams than
they did before the beginning of the trouble
and none of them are running under 70 per
cent of the usual amount. The smaller con
< ems. as a general rule, have attained a high
er percentage toward a return to normal con
ditions than the larger firms, due to the lact
that they have b"een less troubled by fears of
violence.
The following statement was issued last
night by George Renner, manager of the
Draymen's Association:
the coming week, and the employ
ers say that the long-expected break in
the ranks of the union teamsters will not
be long deferred. On the other hand, the
strike leaders say their followers are just
as determined as ever not to return to
work until their demands are conceded. \
THE week ended uneventfully so
far as the strike situation is con
cerned. The air is full of predic
tions of what will occur early In
PICKETS MEET WATERLOO.
ness we have feoelved at yoar hands I remain,
dear sir, , yours very truly,
OWEN B. PRITCHARD.
Master British bark Haddon Hall.
Amount of — Work Done Approaches the
Normal Mark— British Captains Pleased
at Changed Conditions on Water Front
TEAM S KEPT MO VING
DESPITE OPPOSITION
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
rJTFBf BtiB&r
A' cold taken at this time of the year,
unless "broken up," may "hang on" all
winter, and Is apt to run Into Grip, Ca-
tarrh or Bronchitis, and possibly .breajc
down the health of a lifetime. Nothing:
can be more important than the cure of a
fall Cold, It means so much. '77" j s the
remedy and the cure;, taken at the begin-
ning, the Col<J never reaches the second
stage, while Its toniclty sustains the sys-
tem during the attack.
"77" is a small vial of pleasant pellets
that just fits the vest pocket. '
At all Druggists 26 cents, or marled on receipt
of price." Doctor's Book "mailed free.
. . Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor-;
ner ¦William and John sts., New Torf' ""• '•.'¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Carpet Sale at
PATTHQIIhWC SECOND
rill IV/JlLil^ O WEEK.
CORNER SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS.
We sold thousands of yards the past week, but we still have enough of
these special lots to offer the entire line once more at the price that "brought
us such an avalanche of orders. But do not delay any further.
Carpets selected this week will be held until wanted.
Bigelow and Lowell Axminsters^ Bigelow Lowell Pody Brussels.
Absolutely the best high pile carpet made; all the In an endless variety of patterns, for hall, parlor,
latest fall patterns and colorings; regular * oc library; bedroom; the regular downtown price for the
price $1.75; this week, SEWED AND LAID 1»«33 carpet is $1.50; this week, SEWED AND | t>i •
_ . „ _ . „, LAID 1.^2
Roxbury & Stinson Tapestries. Smith's and Sanford's Best Velvets.
Ster" ffioS^S^^X 60^^^" Jj?™% "7- g ns and .colorings; suitable for
price $x.oc, this week. SEWED AND LAID 90 C £*£ *** TtlA '
Smith's and Sanford's Tapestries. LAID
¦ ' . Extra Super Ingrains.
For hall, dining-room or parlor; border to ' m jTZ k -- '
> match; regular 90c; . SEWED AND LAID /3C .36 inches wide; warranted all wool and ab- "Tflr
_ _ .. _.. ..¦;•• . • . solutely best quality; regular 90c; this week... ' / UL
Inlaid Tile Linoleum. American Cork Linoleum.
English and American tile linoleum, indestructible; Made 12 feet wide and of extra heavy quality; new
23 ef*? 1 designs; some stores ask ashigh ¦ ™ designs of imitation hardwood floors; also a ce^
as $1.75 for no better goods...... I.3U few floral pat terns; regular 80c ; square yard "3C
FURNITURE AND BEDDING.
"We offer for this week a list of special attractions well calculated to make you think. You have perhaps
heretofore not given our Ads the consideration they deserved— you may be laboring under the misapprehension
that our Furniture is not as desirable as that of the HIGH PRICE downtown stores, but we assure you all our
Hardwood Furniture comes from the same factory where the high price downtown dealer gets his supply.
And then remember! Every piece of upholstered Furniture in our immense establishment is made in our
Pactory on the premises and is absolutely guaranteed. THIS GUARANTEE goes with every piece of uphol-
6tered Furniture yon buy of us.
Five-piece Parlor Set. Golden Oak Dresser.
Of air elegant design, prettily carved, mahogany fin- Full swell front, shaped top, 2 large and two small
. isnedlrames. best steel tempered springs, covered in drawers, cast brass trimmings, handsomely carved
new designs of Verona, satin damask, embroidered standard, with shaped French bevel plate: fully worth
Roman plush and English tapestry; fully ¦• worth $22.00; specially priced for this week at a/r f\t\
$5000; specially priced for this week at., ofi (\f\ IO.UU
.^........._. ......... Golden Oak Chiffonier.
Handsome Birdseye Maple Dresser.
— ~~~ ¦*. ; — : Shaped top, 33 inches wide, polish finish, 5 large, deep
t ull swell front, 42 inches wide, 2 large and 2 small . drawers: prettily carved standard, with shaped French
drawers, shaped legs, cast brass trimminers: prettily bevel plate mirror; fully worth $21.00; spe- tyt p?/\
i carved standard with shaped French bevel plate mir- cially priced for this week at it»3U
rror, 24x30 inches; fully worth $35.QO; ; spe- r/\
cially priced for this week at........;....;. Handsome Couch.
Handsome Birdseye Maple Chiffonier, ' All hair filled, made with best tempered steel springs,-
. " " ¦ — spring edge all around, of elegant design and construc-
28 inches wide, full swell front, 5 large deep draw- tion, covered in new and handsome designs of Ar-
' ers. cast brass trimmings, carved standard, with shaped lington and Wellington figured velours; actual value
bevel plate mirror; fully worth $33-00; spe- <)O erv $20.00; specially priced for this week at.. IK i\f\
cially priced for this week at " 13. UU
Ml roads lead to pattosien's.
I jf*^ peg** r\ / On the cost of stock jT^l whmjh* fl / g
fe jrv gt /r\ share is the amount JP. gp /f\ |
I — -THE I
g (Capital $300,000 full paid, nonassessable, par value §1 00.) U
H Has paid to stockholders since January 1. 859 Acres of leases in the heart H
B of the Ltima. fields and In sig-ht of the city of Lima. It has 14 producing: wells, Bf
M one drilling: and 102 locations to drill, besides 1500 acres additional leases in E»
a Ohio, Indiana and West Virginia. gj
I THE GREATEST OIL PRODUCING TERRITORY IN THE U.S. I
E (Drilling must commence on the Indiana leases within 30 days.) H
h TTie producing ¦wells are on the Kaurot, the Boose and the Vorhees farms (254 |§
m acree), one mile east of Lima. Thera are 22 Locations on these farms, m
B which, when completed, will more than Double the Dividends to stockhold-
I; To Sold the Indiana Leases .and to drill these 22 Locations at Q
ia Once, the Directors are offeringr for the next Twentv Davs a limited H
amount of Treasury Stock |j
- RX fR PCMTQ PER SHARE. I
j Mi ID build PAR VALUE, 51-00. §
An additional dividend of at least 15 t>er cent will be paid this year. H
A TOTAL OF 40 PER CENT isVpeTshare I
% This dividend will bo doubled when the |
i 22 locations on the Boose, the Faurot . g
{ snd Vorheos farms are completed!...... 1
J THIS OFFER IS FOR 20 DAYS FROM SEPT. 29tl). 1
R| • And after that date is subject to chan ge without notice. -."*;". B
B Bend subscription direct to Th.e Union Oil & Gas Co..- or write at'--. ¦
Bonce to J. W. Davis, Secretary, for prospectus, maps, blanks, . etc. Office, ¦
Rooms l and 3, Purtscher Block. Lima. Ohio. .. : g
If n. i^jlP^*'' A Remarkable Value in II
3 w y^y-^yhg&fcSk. To-morrow we place on sale ioo hats B M
1 B \y -2^rlF'j6S^>v at $ 2 -°° eacl1 ' ot a Q^toy ttna .t have § jjjf:
I H <^x^ I never been offered in San Francisco for I M
fJxT^^f^^ —~^!^r/ \ ess a " $5-°° — shown in many styles ¦ B
I f A^yl^ / I ( we illustrate one above), and without i | S
Kb I A J r^ I I doubt the greatest millinery value that I a
a jLy . ) 0 "'"'// I been offered in San Francisco this Hj^
E ff^ h HI vear — sa ' e begins at 8 a. m. | jjj
If I /I *[ $ 2tO ° Each, II
Hi T' T • I#C" / The followin £> items for sale at toth P I
h| l\ yJ>' I stores, 1220 ICarket Street and StJ
fi II / ' y I i tff L Kcrsej Cloth Coats. I |
If//^ -ft "1/ r\. * n castor or black, same as illustration la
S i/^A \ ¦/ I — semi-tight back, with six rows oi 8 2
I W\\Pj &v K^T tailor stitching around the bottom— | fl
I H -/ • J^ 11^^ l^\ velvet coat collar, lined with silk serge | i
H i / —26 inches lon s an( J worth at least § a
R f / '^""yAUI**'" 1^ $io.oo — on sale to-morrow $S.OO Each R S
Mr/, vw. Cashmere Waists. IS
HP We place on sale to-morrow for^the first time a novelty cashmere 1 1
|ji waist, tucked all over, both back and front, with bishop sleeves HI
S I and stitched cuffs— in the very newest of fall styles and in tfie very |a
H | latest patterns at $4.oO Each | g
II Peau de Soie Silk Waists. ||
11 An elegant line of colored and black peau de soie silk waists with S|
Hit tucked vest -effect— entire waist is tucked with M-inch tucking and ||
H 3 has the very latest bishop sleeve — a beautiful little garment. ....... H|
S| . VA Great Value in Tailor-Made Suits. j|
» I We picture in this advertise- . a ¦
g I ment our newest leader, a \ 4$^ \ 1
a i $17.50 black cheviot suit, short /T^Jy^Sh m 1
1 I black jacket, dip front effect. (ufiffiz^gSi E I
g » graduated flounce trimmed JM^VfHS E I
B I skirt with J^-inch stitched taf- %tV^*^r I §
G a feta strip — very swejh .j C§§£'^?f 9 $
II Art Dep't. j^^^^t II
|s Cushion Covers for Gen- Jfc?<^==-2—4f \ If
fla Novelty designs for smoking- / ]yk\^ == ll\ il
|1 rooms, different from anything / vlW ° nf J H !
H 9 you have ever seen before — top ; \_^/ I >^> ull/ i «
I i and back complete— at from I >^^/7^ 1 |
H B ' Cushion Covers Yf I j B M
Bra made of art ticking and in con- /if I // il
I H ventional designs — mostly III I In ft 8
b n brown effects— very pretty — //// / , /H\ fi I
II top and back for 5Oc /if' I 'li!l\ IB
¦ P Conventional designs are very /I I JJll. \ a|
|| popular — these are tinted in /HI 1/ mE^-^v a I
g-i yellow on light blue ticking — All / /l!/SiC»\ flfl
Hi something entirely new — top / fiW/ / ' (//Y^r \Ih
1 B W? nave a^ so ready-made / fjvs. / / \s
8 H cushion tops for sale and on / ///lf\l / 1
If S exhibit, so that ladits can f //j/1 Jvv / _ \jfwL
|| either purchase them ready- / if >^ffi^-
II made o«- see how they will look V $ /Y Y\ ~T
H Eg made up — a full assortment of _, -Y y fl j^ j|
08 embroidery silks — ribbons, W Jf . S~ BU
ill -PO5 t $ r." iUmB&^^^^^^^^^^T^^ f I
iFkrtrirl Si^^^PRl' farkipf H
H A WOINDcKh'lJJL, VALUc. ||
If , The electric seal jacket which we picture above* £1
||! is one of the best medium priced fur garments ever Si
j|9 offered to San Francisco people. The price is $30.00. M
S& It is made of the finest grade of electric seal procur- ps
H able. It is cut in the very latest style. This jacket is j?|
H| 22 inches long, elegantly lined with rich, heavy s?.tin, iji
JH and perfect in every detail. Every one of these gar- »|
Hi ments j^ears our name, which is a guarantee of perfec- jt|
B tion, and nothing like it has ever been shown before h|
JH 22-inch . Nearseal Jackets $45.00 Egf
¦81 24-inch Nearseal Jackets {?f
H Eton Nearseal Jackets. ." $40.00 ||a
H Eton NeaVseal Jackets, with Persian collar and reveres.. .$50.00 Bjf
HH 24-inch Nearseal Jackets, mink collar and reveres.. ..... §65.00 0
H Our sixty-four-page Illustrated Catalogue of Fur Garments for the 8£j
fm season of 1901-02 will be ready shortly. Sent free on application. B
IH'Lriebes & Compsuwl
|§ IMC OltP ORATE I> Hal
I155-I57 Post St.,S.E §
The largest exclusive fur house in the world. J$k
ADVERTISEMENTS.twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29.
Sun rises -. 6:03
Sun sets <>:o£
Moon rises * ..6:46 p. m.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Seat 28— Br ship
Dovenby Hall, hence June 12. for Antwerp.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Sept 28— Br bark Eliza
beth Nicholson, from Port Gamble: schr W H
Talbot, from Port Gamble; Br stmr Empress
of Japan, from Hongkong.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 7— Au» «tmr Bor
neo, for Seattle.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Sept 28— Snip James
Nesmith, for Newcastle. Aus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool; stmr Sardinian, from
Glasgow.
Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Manltou.
for London;, stmr Maasdam. for. Rotterdam,
via Boulozne; stmr Furnessia, for Glasgow;
stmr Etrurla. for Liverpool; stmr Cuflc. for
Liverpool ; stmr Grangese, for Para.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Sept 28— Stmr
FOREIGN PORTS.
Empress of Japan, from Vancouver, vl* Yo
kohama, etc.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Sept 28— Stmr
Hongkong Mara, from San Francisco, vis
Honolulu, for Hongkong', etc. ,
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Sept IS— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama; stmr Olympla. from Tacoma.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Werra, from
New York, via Naples.
ANTWKRP-Sailed Sept 2S-Stmx Vaterland.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr La Savofe. to*
Ssgw x orlc
liTVTERPOOIj— Sailed Sept 88— Stmr TJmbria.
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr St Paul
from Southampton, for New York.
MORORAM— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Tnyra. f»
Portland, Or. ; - *^ . ,
Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Glenogle, from Seattle
for Manila. f
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of- the tides
the e^rly ¦ morning tides are given In "the. left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of • occurrence as to time; the
fourth . time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of tho lower low waters..
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide. ";.
United 1 States Coast and Geodetic- Surrey—
.Times and ¦ • Heights ¦ - of ; High r, and . . Low
Waters at Fort - Point, entrance - to ' San
. Francisco - Bay. . Published by; official au
thority of the Superintendent. . ;
NOTB— The high and low >,waters occur at
tb« pity front ;¦ (Mission-street wharf) about
v ; . CO. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. '. U. S. N.. : in ' charge.
Branch - Hydrographlc Office,' XT.* S. <NV. Mer-'
• ' chants' • : Exchange,' ., San . . Francisco, <¦ Cal..
* September .28.. 1901. :•",..:•<>- ...
• ,The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, was dropped at, exactly noon to-day —
1. «.. - at ¦ noon of . the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p.- m., Greenwich time." ¦ •¦ •
Time Ball.
i In addition to the above the steamer carried
the following shipments of canned goods. To
Minneapolis, 490 cs canned fruit,' valued at
$1470 ; . to • Detroit, 1100 : cs , salmon.T valued . at
J-ZcO; 'to Rockland, Maine, 600 cs salmon, val
ued'at J2000. :, ¦ •_ ' .' : . .- ¦ ¦ : . ¦¦
The steamer . City of , Puebla sailed yesUrday
i or Victoria, with ..merchandise -for. British
Columbia valued at (25,274, including the fol
lowing merchandise and ¦ produce: ;
1512 pkgs fruit and vegetables, 145 cs canned
goods, 40 > cs drugs, 4 . bales dry - goods, - 41 . cs
arms and ammunition, 175 . pkgs groceries and
provisions, €93 lbs cheese, 6602 lbs soda ash,
C4.850 lbs malt, 360 lbs hops, 432 lbs coffee. 24
cs hardware,' 82,075 ¦ lbs ,"• dried fruit,- 5 - bales
twine. 12 cs hate and caps, 27 gals brandy, 171
lbs tobacco,' 40 pkgs raisins, 208 •¦ lbs ham and
bacon, 2392 pigs lead. 9 bales I leather, 800 ' tins
matches, 1995 lbs ¦ bread, 571 . gals - wine, 21 - cs
honey 40 pkgs. meal, 21 cyls gas. -6 reels -wire,
8 pkgm machinery, 12 ; bbls . cement, , 160 pkgs
paste. ..':' ..,..'. • ¦ ¦
Merchandise for British. Columbia.
The steamer San Bias sailed \ yesterday for
Panama and way ports with merchandise for
Mexico valued at $11,885: Central America,
156,243; Panama, $5690: South America, $915.
The following were the principal exports: ,
To Mexico— 100 flasks quicksilver, .39 pkgs
machinery, 184 bdls shuoks, 16.013 lbs eoda, 50
cs hardware, 11 bdls paper, 11 bales dry goods,
10 cs stationery, 2S6 pkgs fruits and vege
tables, 40 era potatoes and onions, 55 pkgs
grSceries and provisions, 6 cs hats, 30,170 lbs
salt.v 27,962 ft lumber, 6 tons coal, 14 cs am
munition. . ' ». ¦ "
• To Central America— 6 cs ammunition, 8870
lbs bluestone, 85 pkgs bottled' beer, 614 lbs
bread, 40,000 lbs cement, 153 lbs cheese, 6 tons'
coke, 4240 gals coal oil, 15 cs canned good;;, 56
cs drugs, 438 pkgs dry goods, 5 cs electrical
supplies. 62 bales domestics. : 22S6 bbls flour,
pkgs fruit, 269 pkgs groceries and provisions,
14 cs hardware, 1 cs 462 lbs ham and bacon,
45.235 ft lumber, 738 lbs lard. 670 lbs mill-.
Muffs. 31 . pkgs machinery, 22 cs . 64 kegs
jails, 28 crs onions, 702 crs potatoes, 104 bdls
paper, 206 pkgs paints and oils, 8 pkgs paste,
20.95G lbs rice, 67 coils rope, . 5S6 lbs seed, 'ixh
lbs soda, 39,'cs stationery, 22,015 lbs tallow. 632
lbs tea, 65 cs whisky, 726 reels wire, 52 cs 312S
gals- wine. ¦ v -•
To Panama— 9600 lbs rice, 735 bbls flour, 21.0S8
lbs sugar, ,10,668 lbs beans, 1616 gals wine. 11,000
lbs millstuffs. 500 lbs pearl barley, 300 bales
bags. • :.•'..•,'¦•--- . ' ¦ ¦ ¦.¦*¦•
. To South America — 4247 lbs shrimps.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
. Bailed from Seattle August > for the western
part of the Aleutian Islands to make a recon
na'.ksaace of Kleka Bay. Bay of Waterfalls and
Bay of Islands. The reconnaissance was made
of the two former places, but the weather was
too bad to visit the latter. On September 19
the Concord left Dutch Harbor for San Fran
cisco. The second day out the sea began to
r»t rough and for five days the seas were very
high and part of the time w» bad to put oil
bars over the eide to keep the seas 'from
breaking over the ship's side. One of the
circulating pumps broke down the morning of
the 2Sth and caused the ship to run under one
The United States steamer Concord ar
rived from Bering Sea yesterday. She
left in port at Dutch Harbor the Govern
ment'vessels Pathfinder and Manning.
The report of the Concord Is as follows:
Cruise in Bering' Sea.
TJnltefl States Gunboat Returns From
ABSIVAI, OF THE CO1TCOIID.
New Fleet of Launches.
The RiBdon Iron works will not be
lacking for transportation when the works
at the Potrero and the branch offices at
the corner of Steuart and FVjlsom streets
are completed. At the present time the
gasoline launch Rlsdon No. 2 is running
between the • Folsom-^reet float' and
South San Francisco, while on Monday-
Risdon No. 1 and No.- 3 will be In com
mission. No. 2 has a speed of about ten
knots, but Nos. 1 and 3 must show twelve
knots or better, otherwise the company
will not accept them. The new plans. for
the Risdon are rapidly neaxing comple
tion. •
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Compa
ny's Columbia sot away on time yester
day. She took away but few pasesngera
and a liebt cargo. . S
An unknown man. supposed to be a sol
dier. Jumped overboard from the river
steamer T. C. Walker near Antloch on
Thursday night and was drowned.
The mail steamer Alameda will have her
trial this week.
The transport Hancock is loading grain
for the Philippines.
The Logan is being 1 repaired at Mare
Island ana Is nearly ready to go into com
mission again. ¦ . • .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Annie - Johnson will load merchandise
here for Honolulu; the British steamer Royal
ist, wheat for St. Vincent, for orders, 83s 9d.
Barley for New York.
The ship W. F. Babcock sailed yesterday for
The steamer Colombia sailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $33,154, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $11,351; Central America,
$6900: Panama, 5383: Ecuador. $1590; Peru, $4264;
Bolivia, $2025; Chile. $2041; France, $4600. The
cargo Included the following merchandise and
produce:
For Mexico— 2264 gals wine, 2636 lbs cocoa, 700
,lbs butter, 25 crs potatoes and onions, 10 cs
liquors, 240 lbs tea,- 15 cs canned goods, 150
pkgs fruits and vegetables. 111 tons coal, 19,852
lbs tallow. 260 lbs dried fruit, 4436 lbs sage,
48E6 lbs beans, 5 colls rope, 1915 pkgs groceries
and . provisions, 10 cs whisky, 13 pkgs ma
chinery, 10,133 ft lumber 15 pkgs paints and
oils, 51 cs salmon, 3990 lbs spice, 492 lbs sago,
221 cs hardware, 6 cs drugs, 11 cs rubber goods,
40 cs fuse.
For Central America— 9S2 bbls flour, 305 gals
wine. 23o lbs dried fruit, 32 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 1647 lbs spice, 21,616 lbs tallow, 6
pkgs fruits and vegetables, 10 cs coal oil, 10
crs potatoes, 163 lbs sago, 20 ctls oats. 10 tons
coal, 6 horses, 92 bales hay. 2 rolls leather, 92
ctls barley, 8 pkgs agricultural Implements.
For Panama— 5 bbls flour, 209 gals wine. 756
lbs lard, 12 pkgs groceries and provisions, 16
era potatoes and onions, 22 cs . soap, 174 lbs
beans, 4 cs canned goods.
For Ecuador— 343 bbls flour. 9 crs potatoes
and onions, 12 cs salmon, 6 cs canned goods,
607 lbs hops, 31 pkgs groceries and provisions,
6 pkzs raisins.
"For Peru— 2625- lbs dried fruit. 77. era potatoes
and onions, '5750 lbs codfich. 22.240 lbs tallow,
20 drums acid, 6 cs canned goods, 13 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 571 lbs ham and bacon.
For Bolivia— 167 pkgs machinery.
For Chile— 60 gals whisky. 20 crs potatoes and
onions, 25 cs salmon, 1121 ctls. wheat.
For France— 2563 lbs beans, 6 pkgs house
hold goods.
The Colombia's Cargo.
New York with 62,430 ctls barley, valued at
$57,000. "
HONOLULU — Arrived : Eept ¦ 1 — Stmr Ventura,
hence/ Sept 12. -Sept 19— Stmr China, hence
Sept- 12, ' Sept 20— U ¦ S stmr Sumner,. hence
Sept 12; stmr Peru.* from .Yokohama.. ¦ .
¦ Sailed Sept 19— Stmr .Ventura, for ' Sydney;
bark Abby Palmer, for Port Townsend. Sept
20— Ship iW-H- Smith, for Port iTown send: stmr
China. - for Yokohama; ; stmr City of Para, for
Port . Los Angeles; ; stmr Oresonian, for Dela
ware. Breakwater," via. Kahului." .; -, , ;
- To sail ¦ Sept 21— Ship S D Carleton. for Port
Towneend; stmr Peru, 'for San Francisco.
•Arrived. SeDt .17— Schr OtUllie Fjord, from
Eureka.' • :.--''¦-* - • -'-'..
¦ Sailed Sept 17— Schr -. S C Allen, for San
Francisco. ¦ ,'.ffTi^Hfrityfljinfcwj«»'« <mmmwm»*m^>*m|
--. KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 20— Ship St David,
for ¦. Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORTS.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .
' " -' Friday, September 27.
Strcr Peru. Pillsbury, 28 days 8 hours 22
minutes. from . Hongkong, via Yokohama 16
days 9 hours 17 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days
5 hours 33 minutes.
Saturday, September 28.
Stmr Point Arena,' Hansen. 14 hours from
Mendoclno. !_ A
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle. 15 hours from Fort
Brags. •¦-...
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, 14 hours from
Moss Landing. . '
' Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis. BridKett. hours from
Ventura. '
Stmr City of Sydney, Zeeder. 23 days 17
hours from Panama, .via Mazatlan 6 days 23
hours 52 minutes.
US stmr Concord, Blocklinger. 9 days from
Dutch Harbor. •
Ship Occidental, Watkins. 29 days from Bris
tol Bay. ¦ - :
Barge Santa Paula. McGovern, hours
from San Pedro, in tow tug Rescue.
Bark Will W Case, Anderson, 29 days .from
Nushagak.
-Schr Newark, Crangle, 16 hour* from Rough
and Ready.
CLEARED.
Saturday. September 28.
Stmr San Bias, Cattarlnich, Panama; P M
SS Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka: Goodall. Per
kins & Co. ; ' ¦ . '
Br stmr Colombia, Whlteway. Valparaiso;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Bark Edward. May, Hansen, Ladysmlth: Al
exander & Baldwin. '
Bktn S N Castle, Nelson. Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros ¦ Co.
Schr Mary and Ida, "Soderholm. Unga; Al
aska Codfish Co. ''•
SAILED.
. - Saturday, September 2S.
Otmr City of Puebla, Jepaen. Victoria, «to.
Stmr San. Bias, Cattarlnich. Panama. ¦
U S stmr Dix, Walton, Seattle and Manila.
Br stmr Columbia, Whitney, Valparaiso, etc
Ship "W F Babcock, Colley, New York.
"Br ship Glenesslin. Prltchard. Queenstown.
Br ship Moolton, Emmett, Queenstown.
Br ship Dovenby, Fegan, Queenstown.
Bktn 6 C Castle, Nelson. Honolulu.
Bktn S Q Wilder. Jackson. Honolulu.
Schr Salvator, Asmussen. Eureka.
¦ Schr Transit, Foulsen, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
Sept 27, lat 49 N. Ion 8 W—Ger bark Magda
lene, frcm Oresron, for Hamburg.
Per stmr Peru—Sept 24. 8 a m. lat 28 BO N.
Ion 144 W—Br stmr Doric, benc* Sept 80, for
Hongkong.
Sept 24, lat 30 36 N. Ion 141 W—Stmr, mip
poBGd to be Mariposa, hence Sept 21/ for Hono
lulu. V: ¦-._--:¦
MKMORANDUM.
Per Bhln Occidental—On April 18 on trip up
Thorn-* Murphy, aced 27 years, of San Fran
cisco, jumped overboard and - was drowned.
TELEGRAPHIC. ..
POINT-LOBOS.. Sept 28, 10 ¦ p m—Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GFATS HARBOR—Arrived Sept 27—Schr De
fiance, '• hence Sept 14. .«¦¦•'
PORT TOWN SEND—Passed Sept 28—Stmr
City of Seattle, from Skaguay, for Seattle.
Arrived Sept 28—Nor stmr Hero, from Shang
hai; ship J B Thomas, from sea. leaking badly.
SAN-PEDRO—Arrived Sept 24—Schr Oceania
Vance, from Grays Harbor.
CRESCENT. CITY—Sailed Sept 28—Stmr Del
liTte, for San Dleeo.
To sail Sept 29—Stmr Crescent City, for San*
Francisco. . .
SEATTLB-Arrlved Sept 28—Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skaruay; Ruu ship Fanrwahl,
from San Dlesro. . - ~ ¦¦ . - .
ASTORIA—Arrived Sept 28—Br ship Leyland
Brothers, from Talcahuano; - Br stmr ¦ Suther
land, from'Moroni". *
EUREKA—Arrived Sept 88—Schr Laura Pike,
hence Sept 2. • - . ¦ . ->
'Arrived SeDt 28 —Stmr ¦ Aberdeen, hence Sep
tember'26.
Sailed Sept 28—Schr Ida McKay and atmrs
South Coast and Eureka, for San Francisco.
.TACOMA—Sailed Sept. 27—Bark CarroUton,
for, Honolulu. •¦-'."¦
Arrived Sept 28—Ship J B Brown, from Hono
lulu. . ' .. - •
Among the cabin passengers from the
Orient was Captain Nordsick of the Ger
man army. He was present at the taking:
of Tientsin and Peking, but has no new
light to throw on these occurrences. En-
Eign R. X. Marble, another passenger,
was formerly of the cruiser Brooklyn and
is now on his way to Washington to tes
tify In the Schley Investigation.
Miss Ada Rhodes, O. White. H. H. Blood.
J. A. Kennedy, Clive Davis, Mrs. C Davis,
A. H. Pollard. R. F. Dilllncham. Cheong
Fang. J. Sullivan, Georre Vienna, Mrs. C. C.
McCall, David Jensen. George Mike. R. Smith.
Maria A. Souza, Fred Redllsh. J. R. RoEsm&n.
J. M. McCullough, Daniel Scanlon. E. B. Hen
dershall. S. Tamazaua, A. Handa,
freight, and It will not take Ions
to discharge them. Among: the passen
gers on the Sydney were Mrs. Isaac Levy,
Mrs. F. Levy. -Charles P. Hogan, "William
E. Burton. Mrs. M. Mayes, F. N. Valdez,
E. Valdez, Henry Etheridge and wife, O.
Kuntz and J. H. Griffin.
The Honolulu passengers of th» Peru
-were the following- named:
THE City of Sydney arrived from
Panama and way ports and the
Peru from the Orient yesterday.
Neither vessel carried much
The officers of the Concord are: Commander
G. Blockllncer, Lieutenant Commander Henry
Minett, Lieutenants W. Strother Smith, A. C.
Dieffenbach, C. H. Hayes. M. E. Reed and
J. L. Sticht; Past Assistant Surgeon Raymond
Spear, Fast Assistant Paymaster A. B. Pierce,
Ensign A. N. Mitchell and Paymaster's Clerk
F. E. Sbute.
engine for about five hours. With these excep
tions the voyage was uneventful.
MAIL STEAMSHIPS FROM PANAMA AND ORIENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT^, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
20
, Time | Time Time Time -
Date Ft. Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
H W L W |H W L. W|
29 ,.' 0:03 6.4 5:32 1.3 11:50 6. 9 6:11—0.3
30'.. 0:38 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01-0.4
1 ... 1:591 5.0 6:58 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:58—0.4
2 .. 3:01 4.8 7:45 2.6 2:01 5.8 8:56—0.3
8"... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06—0.2
4. .. 5:19 4.7 10:05 • 3.2 ' 4:04 5.4 11:14 0.O
5... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 B.I ,.
Steamer.
'rom.
me.
Eureka.........
Walla Walla..
Washtenaw....
Bristol
Wellington....
Crescent City..
Aberdeen
Corona
Pomona..
Empire.........
Curacao
Columbia. .....
Arcata
Santa Rosa....
Memphis
Asuncion. ......
Point Arena...
Acapulco
Umatilla
Mackinaw — .
Matteawan . . . .
Mandalay......
Eureka.........
Argyll ..
Arequipa — ...
G. W. Elder...
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Tacoma
Oyster Harbor-
Oyster Harbor ....>....
Crescent City'
Humboldt ;
Redondo & Way Ports
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports
Portland & Astoria....
Coos Bay
San Diego & Way Pts.
Seattle
Seattle
Point Arena
Panama & Way Porte
Puget Sound Ports....
Tacoma .................
Tacoma ;.....
Coqullle River
Humboldt
New York via Panama
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Portland & Astoria
Sept. 23
Sept. 29
Sipt. 29
Sept. W
Sept. 20
Sept. 30
Oct. 1
Oct. 1
Oct. . a
Oct. . 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 3
Oct. 8
Oct. 3
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oot. . 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 6
Oct. 7
Oct. 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona.
Santa Rosa..
Ncrth Fork..
San Pedro. ...
Geo. W. Elder
Rainier...'.:.."
Point Arena; .
Eureka
Tucapel......
Arcata
Corona
Walla Walla.
Sierra.
September 2O. |
Humboldt :
San Diego . & Way
September 110.
Humboldt It
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
Seattle & N/ What
Point Arena..:.....
October 1.
Humboidt. ....
¦-' October 2.
Valparaiso & Way
October 3.
Coos Bay ..........
Redondo & Way..
Puget Sound Pts..
Sydney & Way Pts
October 4.
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt ..........
'•' October. 5. "
China & Japan.....
Astoria & Portland
-. October 6. - .
San Dlejro & : Way|
October 7.
Hamburg &- Way.|
Mexican • . Ports :'.....
1:30 p
9 am
12 m
10 am
111 am
I 6 pm
i 2 pm
...m.
12 m
12 m
9 am
11 am
10 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier- 2
Pier i
j
Pier 13
Pier. 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier. 9
Pier 7
Empire... C...
Pomona......
12 S m
1:30 p
[Pier 13
Pier. 9
Peru
Columbia.....
1 pm
11 am
IPMSS
iPler 24
Santa Rosa...
• ain|
Pier 11
Memphis
Curacao......
2 pm
10 am
Pier 27
Pier 11
, Time | Time Time Time -
Date Ft. Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
H W L W |H W L. W|
29 ,.' 0:03 6.4 5:32 1.3 11:50 6. 9 6:11—0.3
30'.. 0:38 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01-0.4
1 ... 1:591 5.0 6:58 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:58—0.4
2 .. 3:01 4.8 7:45 2.6 2:01 5.8 8:56—0.3
8"... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06—0.2
4. .. 5:19 4.7 10:05 • 3.2 ' 4:04 5.4 11:14 0.O
5... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 B.I ,.
Steamer.
'rom.
me.
Eureka.........
Walla Walla..
Washtenaw....
Bristol
Wellington....
Crescent City..
Aberdeen
Corona
Pomona..
Empire.........
Curacao
Columbia. .....
Arcata
Santa Rosa....
Memphis
Asuncion. ......
Point Arena...
Acapulco
Umatilla
Mackinaw — .
Matteawan . . . .
Mandalay......
Eureka.........
Argyll ..
Arequipa — ...
G. W. Elder...
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Tacoma
Oyster Harbor-
Oyster Harbor ....>....
Crescent City'
Humboldt ;
Redondo & Way Ports
Humboldt
Coos Bay
Mexican Ports
Portland & Astoria....
Coos Bay
San Diego & Way Pts.
Seattle
Seattle
Point Arena
Panama & Way Porte
Puget Sound Ports....
Tacoma .................
Tacoma ;.....
Coqullle River
Humboldt
New York via Panama
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Portland & Astoria
Sept. 23
Sept. 29
Sipt. 29
Sept. W
Sept. 20
Sept. 30
Oct. 1
Oct. 1
Oct. . a
Oct. . 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 2
Oct. 3
Oct. 8
Oct. 3
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 4
Oot. . 4
Oct. 4
Oct. 6
Oct. 7
Oct. 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona.
Santa Rosa..
Ncrth Fork..
San Pedro. ...
Geo. W. Elder
Rainier...'.:.."
Point Arena; .
Eureka
Tucapel......
Arcata
Corona
Walla Walla.
Sierra.
September 2O. |
Humboldt :
San Diego . & Way
September 110.
Humboldt It
Humboldt
Astoria & Portland
Seattle & N/ What
Point Arena..:.....
October 1.
Humboidt. ....
¦-' October 2.
Valparaiso & Way
October 3.
Coos Bay ..........
Redondo & Way..
Puget Sound Pts..
Sydney & Way Pts
October 4.
Coos Bay ..........
Humboldt ..........
'•' October. 5. "
China & Japan.....
Astoria & Portland
-. October 6. - .
San Dlejro & : Way|
October 7.
Hamburg &- Way.|
Mexican • . Ports :'.....
1:30 p
9 am
12 m
10 am
111 am
I 6 pm
i 2 pm
...m.
12 m
12 m
9 am
11 am
10 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier- 2
Pier i
j
Pier 13
Pier. 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier. 9
Pier 7
Empire... C...
Pomona......
12 S m
1:30 p
[Pier 13
Pier. 9
Peru
Columbia.....
1 pm
11 am
IPMSS
iPler 24
Santa Rosa...
• ain|
Pier 11
Memphis
Curacao......
2 pm
10 am
Pier 27
Pier 11
*^ r ' ' "' — " "'-'-.'•''"¦•'¦'"' -- -"'''.'"' "¦• "¦- ' ' ' ' ' ' '¦' "' " L " ' ' ' ' "' ' ¦ ¦ «^
Jfy ' ; ~~~~ '_;.. J .'^ LU ¦ .__ ' v-l-l- :..,'_'• _,.| ~ - ' ' i BBMHMM'Anm^^MBm -' ., ~ - ~~~ ¦ "~ ~~ _ « '^*
I . ¦ ¦,-.:¦¦;.. , -^ ..^: : : .-.; ¦¦ - . ¦ • ,.. .. ,. . . . - ~ —— if
*i Kills the Dandruff Germ. Makes Hair Soft as Silk. Allays Itching Instantly. I*
¦& Thin hair, brittle hair, dead hair, and falling hair, followed Hair is naturally glossy and as soft as silk; and it will be That ugly, exasperating itching which nearly always accom- ¦ • » jr
3J by baldness are caused by dandruff; and dandruff is caused by a that way, growing. luxuriantly as Nature intends where there is .panies dandruff, and which is so annoying in company, is in- |*
f y germ. Without dandruff 'th.reM be no thin hair, no brittle" bair, "° da » dr » ff - T ° $F dandruff it is absolutely necessary to de- . stantly allayed by NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE. • It - makes' the | ?
•* & ,, . e jiij ai \ i . stroy the germ, and the only preparation made on scientific basis scalp feel cool and refreshed, and makes the hair fluffy and lively. ft^S"
nodead hair, no falling hair, and no baldness. Most people nave q{ destroying the dandruff germ is NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE, Brittle hair is stopped by a few applications,- and falling 1-air |*
dandruff; and they will have ft all their lives unless they kill the which is also a refreshing and very delightful hair dressing. To prevented within a few days. If your hair is thin, brittle, or fall- ¦ | V
-§ : dandruff germ; and they can't do that without they use have silky hair, use ' ing, or if your scalp itches much, be sure to use ]|*
I NEWBRQ'S HERP3CIDE. NEWBRO^S HERPICIDE. NEWBRO^S HERPICIDE. j|
O| CURED HIS DANDRUFF. SOFT, GLOSSY HAIR. THE MEDICAL PROFESSION THE BARBER'S RECOMMENDATION KEEPS THE SCALP CLEAN. |9
SI Stopped Hair From Falling Out Dandruff All Goh7and the Falling 1111118^11111 Proved to Be J^fied-No More Result of OnlyTIialfa Bottle-No ||
*1 and Cured Scalp Eruption. Hair Been StoppEdt Wstroyer/ Falling Hair, Nor Dandruff. Dandruff, No Falling Hair. ; |*
a I used a bottle of Newbro's Herpicide and " I occasionally use Herpicide as a preventa- I commenced using" Herpicide on the rec- I, have only used. a half bottle of Newbro's |
"5? « can testify to its being all that is claimed for" -Newbro's Herpicide has cured my scalp of tive of scalp trouble. Its formula as a ger- ommendation of my barber, with the result Herpicide, but I find a great improvement al- f 5
4*8 it It has cured my scalp of dandruff and a very bad case of dandruff. My hair has micMe is strictly scientific, and I bespeak t h a t the dandruff has disappeared, my hair ready. It has stopped my hair from falling J|§.
A$ pimples and has stopped my hair from falling * ceased falling out and has become soft and |ng scalp'diseSses " m # tnosc tantallz- has stopped falling out< and is novv soft an d and it keeps the' scalp clean and free from »^
out. G.M.BURNS. glossy. W. W. KELLEY. JW TIFFANY M. D glossy. WALTER CURRY. dandruff. : a, v E. TAYLOR. . x «?£•
T?8 Everett, Wash. Newcastle, Wyo. Hiawatha, Kans. , / Payette, Idaho. ' Aberdeen, Wash. ¦ ¦ ..; > ¦¦ 8^
¦&% •¦¦•' •.•'¦¦¦ * • <' • ' ji^
Before beginning the use of Newbro's Her- I \ DANDRUFF J | "DESTROY THE CAUSE, 1 KILL THE . | Since the of .Newbro's. Hermcide | 1^
picide the hair and scalp should be washed \ \ I » « « as a dandruff germ destroyer other prepara- «^
*? thoroughly and regularly once or twice a I IS A > « YOU REMOVE THE I DANDRUFF GERM - # tions have been put on the market claim- > << ;•
& . week thereafter. The best soap for" that pur- I X » < : : ' \ : » ing to kill the dandruff germ. They are spu- i 11^
T pose is Herpicide Soap. . I GERM DISEASE I | EFFECT" I . WITH HERPICIDE » nous. Beware of imitations. > • >>^
5 * - ¦* ' ¦ ' ' ' - ... 7/ *• H
\ ' — " ~ "~~ -~' '¦ — ' "' '¦ ' ' ' '• ' ' " ~~ •- • ¦ ~~ ' unuwi _. _- mmaM -^; t — : iiiiiiiiiiii in " ; ¦ '- ' • ¦• ' • ¦-• ?? a,
-& - ' ¦ •..>•¦¦¦¦'.¦ •,-¦¦• ¦¦ ¦ ¦ j .. ' J*
* . . _ ; ______ ; . . • • . -|*
*§? '<', '" ' '. •¦ • (¦- ~v -¦-.•..-:¦¦. \ n .' .,; " . ¦'¦ " .:¦:-> ~<*~
V/UI K5
WMwMJL A AM
Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine is an absolutely safe
and sure cure for catarrh, cold in the head and all affection?
caused by inflammation of the membranes. If you will take it as
directed, as conscientiously as you take jour meals, you will c»-
ovcr your catarrh and its annoying, sickening unpleasantness.
All druggists should sell Halpruner's— if you find one that
does not, go to the next one-^don't.let any druggist impose upon
you by selling something of his own preparation. If you want to
be cured, demand the. genuine.
. ~ - '¦¦¦¦. . ¦ ¦. . > \ \
ilf your druggist won't^^et it for you. telephone Bush 463 and a
bottle will be delivered, or call at Halpruner Medical Manufacturing
I know positively that Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Pain Remover Is
a medicine of exceptional merit, for my; family has used it for many
years. I would not make this statement? without a. positive, personal
I knowledge whereof I 6peak,'for I do 'not- ."believe. In recommending
medicines without merit. As a family remedy, Rood for catarrh, sore
throat, colds, headaches, cuts, bruises; sprains, rheumatism, neuralgia '
and, in fact, what all good medicines are go.od for, I strongly advise
the use of Dr. Halpruner's wonderful medicine. H. S. BRIDGE,"-.'/. -
Tailor, 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
1 Friedman'g Furniture j
I \7^1t tc±4- 3 patterns celoet carpet J 3
I V dlVCt selected to please partic- H C I
I % fM ular people. Thistoeek—/ D |
j AxminsterSS2^|9o
I Body Brussels 95 c. U
I The standard for durability. Many prefer Bodu I
1 Brussels eoen for looks. 3 selected patterns-- I
I theoneuou choose is the better pattern-^95 cte. I
I ?SV^ ttern mT f through, looks the sanie- I
I that. 3 patterns that usually sell for 1.50— 1.20. I
I 'TpK P T^ird rS^t*t r De Partment | S 1
1 111C J-yia,pcry full of fleecu, §
I forcomfort and daintu bed s4 f^^ble I
I sets for eoeru day use "or .when companu comes I
1 couch coDersthat'll brighten up the &5L S I
I portjeres^armorand Heads thatar^r^riS 8
I \ : :<^^ ; House." Six Stories High. > |
• we z post*ii?~t ; — z% Telepnone I
jm rosi Jsireei . a^mi^mmmm*^^mmT^ 1 j£^>**nTi<liU+*^[¥ Private E.xchang* WTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
Narrowly Escapes Death.
Arthur AV. CoBwell had a clone call
from being sent to the Morgue yesterday
morning. Cnswoll engaged a room at
1007Vi Market street. While attempting to
light tho gas he fainted. The smell of the
escaping fluid attracted tho attention of
the landlady. She hurrted to th« Emer
gency Hospital . and Officer Sullivan was
sent to Investigate. Iiu returned with
Caswell, who wn» attended by Dr. Mnl
aby. Caswell soon regained his strength
and left the hospital.
Special Bates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets. J friends accompanying
ami holders uf nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of nale, September 23 to
November 10 Inclusive. Limit 20 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full Information call at Santn Fe offices,
(HI Market ¦st., and ferry depot.
Governor Dole Virtually Re-
pudlates DeolBlon of tho
Supremo Tribunal.
HONOLULU, Sept. 21.-There is ground
for believing that Oovwrnor Dole haa
come to a decision virtually repudiating
the HawtUInn Supreme Court decisions
creating ft legal transition period wherein
the United States constitution did not
operate In the Hawaiian Islands. This
period, under tho Supreme Court rulings,
existed from the passage of the annexa
tion resolution, July 7, 1S9S, to the Inaug
uration of tho Territory of Hawaii under
act of Congress June 14, 1900.
George A. Davis was one of the attor
neys In the habeas corpus proceedings ln
stittited for the release of prisoners con
victed and sentenced within that period
on the ground that they had not been In
dicted by a Grand Jury, nor were thever
dicts of the petty Juries unanimous for
their conviction. The Territorial Circuit
Court and the United States District
Court released the prisoners on writs of
habeas corpus, but before a case was
brought before the Federal Court the Su
preme Court entertained appeals from the
orders of the Circuit Court and remanded
certain of the prisoners to Jail, holding
that their convictions were legal.
Owing to the absence of Attorney Gen
eral E. P. Dole, who is ln San Francisco,
and a crowded state of the Circuit Court
calendar existing. Attorney . Davis has
been commissioned as a special deputy of
the Attorney General to prosecute crimi
nal cases at a special term before Judge
Gear.
George Wade, who killed a fellow stew
ard on the steamship Australia In 1893,
and four of the Japanese rioters at Ka
huku plantation were released on habeas
corpus from sentences for manslaughter.
They were immediately rearrested on
warrants charging them with murder in
the flrst degree, though Federal Judge
Estee who released one of them, said
there was nothing to prevent their rear
resting on the original charges, as they
had cot been legally placed in Jeopardy.
In • tha course of proceedings yesterday
Deputy- Attorney General Davis said:
"I am authorized to state officially that
the policy of the Government in theae
cases will be to follow the rulings of the
Circuit Court and of the United States
District Court, and to endeavor to reln
dlct all thoso convicted and sentenced
during the so-called transition period."
Attorney Davis mado the announcement
on high authorify and it is confidently
asserted that this authority Is Governor
Dole.
The four Japanese rioters declined to
plead to the Indictment on the advice of
F. M. Brooks, their attorney. This action
Is taken to mean tbnt new habeas corpus
proceeding* nre contemplated on the
strength of the Supreme Court's decisions,
but ln view of the statement made by the
public prosecutor, Davis, it Is not proba
ble that an attempt will be made to block
their trial.
Ah Oi, a Chinese burglar, wan released
by Judge Geur yesterday on habeas cor
pus from imprisonment continued by vir
tue of the decision of the Supreme Court.
Thla wns prior to the statement of Gov
ernment Attorney Davla. Judge Gear
says that ho made the order of release in
accordance with tho decision of the
United States District Court.
HONOLULU. Sept. 21.— A contract has
been clotted by Alexander & Baldwin of
this city with tho Union Oil Company of
California to supply the migar plantations
on tho- Island of Mnul with oil for fuel.
Tanks holding about half n million gal
lons will be constructed on Maul and sev
eral of the plantations thero will use oil
ln place of coal.
Podoral and Territorial
. Judges Still Unablo
to Agree.
HAWAIIAN COURTS
BADLY TANGLED
Mysterious Hermits Aw Located.
BANTA CRUZ, B#pt. S.-Word was
brought h@r« to*day of an aged couple ia
the northern end of the county, where
for twenty years they have led aueh a
Itermlt'a existence that they run away
mill lildr whenever any person approach*!*
their riuld hnbltutlon. who they am or
whurn tbf y eamn from la not known. The
HuptTvlmirn will be naked to look after
th« couple, who are mippoaed to be with*
out tlm neccMitrles of lift*,
Compnny have HurpnaMd all previous at
tpmptt. Ordinarily great quantltUm of
the hydrocarbon! or volntlla jrnie! have
flueaptMi. In the Stockton brltjuette tlu\v
are f« r gr#«at extent retained.
Bt»veral of the Intfirlnr town* and elUes
have hpgun the uin of tho new funl, ami
the firm trnlnlond of It for the buy pltl*"
rolled into Oakland n few days ago. Thi*
rnnult linn been uttuln.Mi only at the coat
of ypnrn of patient labor nnd the outlay
of. mi Iniiin'iiH.i amount of ntpltnl. TIuj
mitv.'NH which in attending tlm onUtrprltfa
In well dcfterveri, s
JnmtB w. Dunphy, who ahot nnd killed
Edward Stanton nt Minna and Mary
streets Friday night because he claimed
that Stanton had deceived hla alster, .if
lien red before Judge Conlan yesterday. Aw
Hi" complaint watf faulty h« was not even
Instructed/ and the case 1 whs continued
until Wedneaday. The defendant did not
l-.nvn tin uttorncy, but hlfl mother nnd
brother Frank, who were In court, tald
that (JcoigQ A. Knight hud been retained
to defend him. The inquest will be held
Tuesday.
Dunphy wnn not tn a talkative mood
yesterday. The only statement he would
mako wuh that he was well aatlsfied with
his act, and ho believed any Jury In the
land would uphold him in what he had
done. His sister, he said, would be In
court nt the proper time to tell her story
of the wrong done her.
Him Out.
Deceived Sistor Will Benr Him
DUNPHY, THE MAN-SLAYBR, ,..
APPEARS IN OOU11T
Ho Juitiflei His Act and Says Ills
L». & M. Alexander, ngents Smith Pre
mier Typewriter, recently received orders
from the following well-known firms:
Roos Bros., Raphael's. Newman & Lev-
Inson, S. N. Wood & Co., Emporium.
Hale Bros., Miller. Sloss & Scott. Baker
& Hamilton, Balfour, Guthrle & Co.,
Bancroft, Whitney & Co., Sun Insurance
Offloe, State Treasury Department. Thom
as Dye Works. Western Union Telegraph
Company, Willamette Paper Co.. Hart
ford Insurance Co., £. J. Bowen & Co.,
California Business College, Fidelity &
Deposit Co., Southern Pacific Co., Postal
Telegraph Co.
The Smith Premier Typewriter Is espe
cially adapted for billmaking. It has the
softest touch and Is the lightest, running
typewriter made. No typewriter machine
has ever made such wonderful progress
as the Smith Premier. . •
NEW TYPEWRITERS.
Architects File Protest.
The San Francisco Chapter. American
Institute of Architects, filed a protest
with the Board of Supervisors yesterday
against the passage of. the new building
ordinance.
The Boston will sell 1000 pairs Ladles'
Shoes and Ties worth $4 and $5 for 50c a
pair. These are Lalrd-Shober and Mlt
eliol's make. All will go at 50c a pair at
Ihc BoBton Shoe Co.. 1306 Market, above
City^all ave. • > ' •
To-Morrow at 9 a. m.
Kathryn Plummer was granted a de
cree of divorce from Alvin Plummer by
Judge Kerrigan yesterday on the ground
of willful neglect. ¦ '
Plummers Separated.
TO TAKE PLACE
OF OLD FUELS
Tesla Company , Com
mences Manufacture
of Briquettes.
New Industry Destined to
Be of Advantage to
California.
In Europe and In Chicago, where the
only other similar factory in' this coun
try is located, the making of briquettes
haa been attended with considerable In
convenience and expense on account of a
heavy waste of materials. This difficulty
has by the perfection of machinery been
entirely obviated by the Stockton people.
Not an ounce of coal or oil la lost at any
step ln the process,
The coat of briquettes is about the same
as that of common forms of fuel.' A ton
of the new product, however, will last oh
lone at least as one and a quarter tons of
coal, j The heat efficiency, too,. Is said to
be BO per cent great or.
That a groat deal of heat Is ordinarily
lost in the combustion of coal la a well
known scientific fact. How to remedy
this defect haa been the source of count
lens Investigations and chemical experi
ment h. A 1 number of these' efforts have
proved partially successful and so far as
la known the experts employed by the
Ban Francisco t«nd Ban Joaquln Coal
In making the briquettes, the coal is
first pulverized by powerful crushers. Tho
oil which is the binder is then treated
chemically and the residue Is mixed with
the coal dust at a very high temperature.
The composition Is immediately passed in
gigantic hoppers into the presses. There
the material Is shaped into briquettes
which are in the form of oblate spheroids
from three to four Inches ln diameter.
After cooling they are ready for the mar
ket. The presses, two in number, are
each capable of turning out 250 tons of
briquettes dally. • All the machinery is
covered by patents, as is also the process
of manufacture. . . • .
The company's plant is located on .the
wuter front in Stockton, where the bri
quettes can be easily shipped to any
point. Adjacent are the bunkers of tti3
Tesla Coal Company, to which a railroad
thirty-six miles In length and owned by
the corporation, conveys the output of th*
Tesla mines. Every tning has oeeu iu
ranged in an admirably convenient man
ner and all materials are handled careful
ly i and expeditlously. The simplicity of
tho entire arrangement engages one's at
tention immediately.
The San Francisco and San Joaquln
Coal Company Is parent of the enterprlso
and the business of brlquettlng is bulnij
conducted on, a large and constantly in
creasing scale.
Furthermore it affords another outlet
for the supply of oil in which the State Is
found to be so rich. Another pleasing fea
ture about the briquette is that it is dean
and can be handled freely without leav
ing a trace of Its presence. . •
The. capitalists at the head of the ven
ture have had chemists working ' for a
period covering about three years in an
effort to secure a satisfactory fuel. The
principal difficulty lay ln finding a proper
binder for the screenings. ln Europe
pitch or coal tar Is used, but oil scientlii
cally treated has proved to be of far
greater efficiency.
That the general use of the briquette
will prove ot the utmost value to Califor
nia is evidenced from the fact that the
process enables the screenings and slack,
which has previously been ot little value,
to be utilized as a domestic coal. Mil
lions of tons of slack are thrown awuy
annually ln the United States. The bn
quetting process will doubtless be uaed to
save a great amount of this fuel.
In point of economy and effectivem-a*
the briquette surpasses coal and othqr
fuels, and Judging from the rapidity with
which the public is adapting Its use theru
would seem little doubt that the Inaugu
ration of the new Industry marks an tru
In the progress of the West. Several of
the larjjer nations of Europe have been
using the briquette as a fuel for sums
years and scientists throughout America
have been attempting as usual to make
a superior article. ' To California belong:*
the honor of success. A briquette Is now
being manufactured at Stockton which is
said to be tar in advance of anything vt
the kind ever before placed on the mar
ket. Coal screenings or slack and oil
are the chief components of tne product.
Tho process of manufacture is very sim
ple and the materials are, of course inex
pensive.
A new fuel ln the thane .of coal
briquettes Is being manufactured and unld
In California, and It ts a matter ot groat
public Inturcst n* to whother this product
la to come Into general use ln homes ari
well as In factories and on locomottvud
and nteambonts. From preoent indica
tions It, appears that euch Is to be tho
case.
Pasadena Is fearful of experiencing: a lack of
accommodations for the promised rush of win
ter tourists. Although a large number of
apartment houses and dwellings have been
constructed and other* are In course of com
pletion. The demand even at this early day
senna to be greater than the supply. Many
Eastern people who have mado that city their
home during the winter months and were pa
trons of the various hotels have purchased
property and provided residences for their own
use, but still the Increasing number arriving
tax thH capacities of the hotels to their utmost.
KurtilBhed apartments arc almost out of the
market, and It seems rs though a rich harvest
Is ln view for all those who can furnish ac
commodations for temnorary lojoumers. The
•ame ccndltlon of things may be said to exist
In Lios Angeles to a marked derre». taodglnar
house keepers report business brisker In their
line at present than It haa been for many
years, although many large and commodious
apartment houses and- flats have been con
structed during the past year. Considering the
fact that the winter travel to this section has
hnrJly commenced, It looks as though Los An
geles will be taxed heavily to furnish the re
quired accommodations for visitors during the
next few month*. • .
The Los Angeles papers tell of lively
efforts ln Southern California to make
ready for the coming Eastern winter visi
tors, for whom there Is insufficient ac
commodation. The Los Angeles Building
News says that E. S. Rowley is preparing
plans for not less than forty residences
to bo erected on Normandie. avenue. The
Los Angeles Journal has the following:
Lively in the South.
Three flats are going up on the south
east corner of Kleiner and Sacramento
streets. I
Burrell E. White wtll put up a thrc?
story house on the northeast corner cf
Devisadero and Bush streets, to codt
$11,000.
Peter Keith has arranged to build flats
on the south line of Walnut street, 100
feet west from Buchanan, which will cost
about $4000.
The German Savings and Loan Society
has released to John I. and Laura Sabln
the lot on the west line of Stelner street,
thirty feet north from Pine, which was
mortgaged for $13,500.
Louise de Martini will erect a two-story
frame dwelling with concrete foundations,
to contain six flats, on St. Charles place,
to cost $9120.
Herbert E. Law has let the preliminary
contracts for the RIalto office building,
which he will erect at Mission and N»jw
Montgomery streets at a cost of about
J300.000. The designs are by architect
Fred H. Meyers. The structure will cover
a lot 100 by ICO feet.
Gustav L.. Page will Duild a flve-stcry
lodging-house at the southwest corner of
Leavenworth and Turk streets, to con
tain sixty rooms, at a cost of $30,000.
Edward B. Hlndes has leased his hotel
building, recently completed, on the Bouth
line of Bush street, between Taylor and
Jones, for $800 per mouth.
Tho Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society
has released to the S. & H. Lachman
estate the south corner of Fremont ana
Market streets, upon which there was a
mortgage of $100,010. •
The sale to Edward J. Hooper by the
estate of Rose K. B6sq of 57:6 by 137:6 feet
on the south line of Sutter street 137:6
feet east from Larkin. for $22,000, has
been confirmed by tho Probate Court.
Building Operations.
Property on the auuth lino of Sutter street.
137. 6 feet eaat from Hyde, C0xl37:6 feet,
and nlfu property on the north line
of Pc*t ttrcet, 137:6 feut east from
Hyde street. 2«:9xl3*:6. by the Mlbernia
HuvIiies and t^oan Society to John Coon for
ttO.OU); northeast corner of Franklin and Chest
nut street*, 137:6xl37fS. by Charlen O. Welling
to Suean A. Moore for $20,000; 85xS7:8 on the
south line of Pacific uveuuo, lu>':G feet ew«t
from Scott, by Minnie E. Uowes to Thomni
¦V\'. Huntlngton for $16.D0O; lot on the w?st line
of fitelner street. 30 feet north from Pine, by
Benjamin M. Ounn to the Paclnc States Tele
phone and Telegraph Company for $17,500; 35x
127:8)4 feet on the north line of Pacific ave
nue, 102:6 feet west from Broderlck street, by
Calvin E. Knickerbocker to James T. Dona
hue, for $17,600; 137:6x137:6 feet on the east
corner of Brannan and Third streets, by Slg
mund and Abraham Stern to Henry E. l>ands
burcer for $33,000.
Bales of contilderable connequonce havo
been placed on record In tho paat wc«U,
among them being tho following:
O. H. Umbion & Co, will auction real
I'ntut.i to-morrow at thalr rooms at U
MantRomory tttrect. The properties will
tnoluilo 82!) Capp utrect, tha northwest cor
ner of M<:Alli!«i<'r and WVlmter hii-okih,
the southeast corner of Harrison uml
Twonty-ihlnl Htreeta, 2403 WkhIiIukIou
¦ trr.'t. 2D00 HiimIi street. ;n» A, H. O and U
WeUh street, U Trenton street, lot on the
northweiit lino of Market street botwecn
Church and Sanchez. 1420 Montgomery
street, between Filbert and Greenwich,
and 440 and 442 Harriet street.
l.u on th« north lln« <<t Callforntai street,
wrM from UouRh, 8&xlI7:S^ l (Ntoo, «ubj#ct to
cotirtriuatloit: uoi'thritRt curuer or ttouih Urod*
orlck m\A Kuurtpentlt itr#et«, liilxHdiS, with
7-r.n.m tmuiip. (:i!M>; N... 1711 riniivli HtrcDt, >S
r*et north it.nn Day hwi, rottuxn and lot SAx
BO, fUOOl Nor. M to Mi»i (MntnuiUlna ntrp.-t, 316
feet noithr«»t from H«cona «trprt, lot to»M).
with tin (lati, $910(i: Nil*. 27, S», 31 nnri 33 Mlilp-
Iry .treet, lot 41:»VixCB (cet, with nix imnll
tii.tx. l&nnoi lot on the went lln« or Htanynn
? no.t, Skl:8 r.Ti >outh from lUvoll atrcct, Six
IK; I1W0.
Bold at Auction.
EMton, Elrirldge & Co. nbtatned the foU
lowlngr prices at thulr uuctton lnat Ttim
dny;
for lots In the town of itanta Fe ut I'olnt
Hlehmond. Th« town will profit by tho
location there of a great oil reining plant.
Great Lake Tahoe Excursion.
Special Southern Pnolflo train leaves 8
a, m. Saturday, October 6. Daylight trip.
Personally conducted. Tickets good eight
days. Round trip |8 60. Hotel rates }2
and $2 60 per day. Register 613 Market
Btrcot. '
All realty broken In the city agree In
the pleasing statement that realty Is
again Improving. Clients are more eager
and the demand for business end resi
dence properties is good. There has been
less demand for smaller priced lots for
cheap residences In certain localities. The
lists of sales are again Increasing and the
figures Involved are satisfactory to the
sellers. Among the larger sales of the
last few days Is Included the transfer of
the southeast corner of Howard and Hub
bard streets for $42,500. The lot Is 79:6x
112 feet and there Is an L. In the rear. The
Improvements are old buildings of little
value. The deal was made through the
agency of Thomas Mageo & Sons.
Another sale of some size was of land
at Point Richmond. In this latter trans
action the brokers were Davidson &
Leigh. Through theso Mrs. E. Tewks
bury sold 120 acres to the Paclnc Coast
CM! Company for 170,000. The property will
be extensively Improved by the oil com
pany with wharves and buildings for Us
own use. and thirty houses will be erected
on adjoining land for the use of the men
who tre employed by the company. Con
tract* for six of these housea have been
let and work will begin at once upon the
A. M. Speck & Co. report the eale of a
lot and 12-roora house at 1831 Fifteenth
street, between Church and Dolores, for
* b 2Sp- The Belier wa» O. J. E. Harturlu.
and the buyer Dr. W. A. Harvey. The
game brokers have sold the property uv
751 Butter street, between Taylor ana
i£ n £?» °4?w thft ,»° uth Nne <>t Butter, for
$24,625. The neller la the California Safe
pepoalt and Trust Company and th«
buyer Is Henry Kahn. The dimensions or
the lot are 45:10x137:6 feet. There are old
Improvements that will be torn down. On
the illo Mr, Kahn will nut up a Itxletnu
hpuwofia rooms, which haa been leuatM
nlrrrtdv for a term of live years at the
rate of $7N> per month.
MeAfea Hrothera have sold the nouth
weat corner of J»aelflo avenue and Hrod
•rtcfc street ; or M. J. Bftjfe. The lot I*
<SxlW. The price was $10,000. On the »lt«
the new owner, whose Identity ts withheld
aijeiiina: The property on the weit
line of Deylsadero street, m fe«t south
from Nallejo.haji nlso been fold for 9S50U.
The die of the lot Is 2fl:3xllO feat.
Other Brokers) Itaport.
Th* following enlm of city properties
have been mads by Davidson & Leigh:
TJ»« proiM>riy 60x$0 fe»t on the WMt lino of
Fourth nmt, 80 f*«t south from llryant. for
miW, on the north line of Butlir itrret, 16J;«
f*rt rait from aoueh. with rwld#nee of 11
room«. from Mr» A. M. 8k»lf« to Mm. Anne
V" ° D rir. n . for V*' v **i »»x>«:«. with new rml*
.fence. :6U lir..«d»«.v l^twrrn rterc* au.1 Heolt
! r« ¦• .v?" 1 . J )i Uui Vrbt>r to Ki||oti 8now K*
in.oco; \V. j, aunn r»prcientlng th« buyer in
the Utter *al«».
at tho aouthtnat corner of
rolk and arnrn street*, m feet on Polk
»t/™t «nd 126:0 feet on Orecn, nnd the
RdJolrvlnR piece on tlie north line of Vu|.
JeJo atrcct. te fret enflt from Polk. 65:11 by
ICO ffot. hav« befii Hold by Thomaa Mauog
& 8ona on prlvnto terms.
P. 1). Surryhno reports tales as follows:
i T°, T n 3 £ Wf ' u B u 1>v * hl « n to rhUIP N. Llllenthal,
lot 00*90 on th* north line of Folsom street.
SIS feet southwest of Eighth, for »T800: lot
r-xlOO en the writ line of IJroderlck utreft.
1M foet north of P«*e. for »M00; a lot 25xl27:IU
on th« »outh lln«- of Clay atrcft, 104 re«t vast
of l)«vlrad«ro for MVO; hou»* and lot 20xW nt
1 Chatham pUc*. for $:&oo : lot :4xSl on th«
north tide ef Wrbiter Btrect, 50 feet north of
Hermann, for 11600.
. N>l»on. Johnson A Co. report that th*y
nave made the following Bale*:
From Oliver & Truman to Rivers Bros.,
foutheott corner of No* and Henry streets. £5
x»«. with thr*« flat*, for 17*00; from W. J.
Rlrlduiln to M. B. Dlekpy. four teuemtnta and
a lot tixSO on the aouth Bide of Clementina
street, near Second, for IJ7&0; by Rivers Uron.
to Frederick Krohn, lot 23x111:6, with cottage,
on the *a*t aide of Hyde ¦treet, &7:6 south of
North Point street, for J3000; by Mrs. M. A.
Taylor to C. von Bremmer, two modern flats
and lot at J416 and 241S Clay etrcet. between
Flllmore and Webeter etreets, for $7750; by
Aloxandrr Campbell to W. H. Eckley, etght
room residence at 1571 Fulton street, between
Baker and Lyon streets, for J."250; by J L
Holland to Mrs. C. Orleb, residence at 1813
Scott etrcet, near Sutter, for 96000; by J. It
Aitk»n to D. R. Dogan, lot 24x81 on the south
east corner of Buchanan street and Ivy avenue
with house and two flats, for JS500, and by
Oliver & Truman to Rivers Bros., lot 25x96 on
the west side of Noe street, 25 feet south of
Henry, for J1S00.
McEwen Brothers report a pood demanj
Prices Received in Late Deals
Are Pleasing to
Sellers,
The Demand for Choice
Lots Is Growing
Steadily.
REALTY MARKET
IS IMPROVING
21
rvroiMi* *ufT<-rine from dlsraae In any of its
vanouh form* ahould write to Dr. U. O. Llpea
jim Ptfvmson nidc. Indlanapolla, Ind.. for a
jr.** trlsl of his nmarkable treatmrnt for the
ciiiv «-f «">' weakened or unnatural condition ot
th«« hum«n Ixvly. Th^re U no doubt of the doo-
tcr" aMIlty if> oure. for h« haa made the study
of disrate a lift work and
CuresTlieSickFree,
New Treatment for Restoring the Afflic-
ted to Health Discovered fay
Or. (J, 6. Lipes.
TUB REMEDY IS FRBB FOR ALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It hM remained for a Cincinnati woman to
discover the secret of a perfect skin. She has
at last found the key to feminine beauty. All
tho sighs and heartaches over a poor appear-
A TRIAL BOX FREE.
Erery Lady in the Land Can Now Have a
Beautiful Skin.
Made Her
Beautiful
MME. EEBAULT'S SPECIFICS
8 Rupture Cured. ;
The celebrated Calif orcia In- 1
renter. Dr. Pierce, discovered I
tb»t the onl» remedy for Eupl
ture is Electricity, snd ln per-;
f ectine bU wonderful Kleetro-
v Mscnotlc Truss and e*tab-
jRJt tinbiog 1U aale throughout
§*> ' tho world, be gare to enf-
¦Bt ferersfromthi»dangerous
Mf taaUdy the relief and se-
Cr cnrlty Talnlr aonght for
* / elsewhere. Tblsranovned
appliance la radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on the
ruptured part* la quick and effective C*?**
accomplleaed by 1U us« are numbered by J"
thousand. If ruptured inTostlgate at once. Call
or eend c 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. 1.
Addrees Magnetic Truss Co.. 1145 Bro»dw»y (near
26th Bt,).Kewrork.or 206 Post Bt.. SanFranclsoo.
OPTICIANS^^PH^^W.
642 Market 5t. instrumints
sjNctP chromicu BuiLDtMb. CATALOGUE fP't
Boston- System
Eye«Glasses
AT NO EXTRA CHARGE.
OCULISTS* PRESCRIPTIONS TILLED.
FACTORY ON PREMISES.
QUICK REPAIRING.
PHONE. MAIN 10.
Purely vrgstable. mild and reliable, dunes
perfsct digestion, compl«t« abtorptlon ami
iiruithfut regularity.
For th* cum of all dlsotf'ra ot th* Btomach,
J-lvur, Howfi». Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
r«c<iUritlt». Sick >l»ai1ache, ntllouinos, C< •'.-
FtlpaMon, Pitas and all dfrantc«m«nta of the
Internet Vlacera. He a box. At Drug-gluts, o»
by mult. UADWAT * CO., N«w Totk.
Headway's
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th.it
Qulckiy Restores Lost Vigor
. to Hen.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
, Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental nnd
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial puckagea to all who write, it Ih a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any totmol sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss or
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of part* can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of. warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It la needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions ond haa been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State- Medi-
cal Institute, 828 Elektron building.^ort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you deslfe one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is da-
Blrous of reaching that great clasa of men
•who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples wtll enable them
to see how ensy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedle*
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will b«
sent' a free sample, carefully sealed In u
plain package, ao that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. • Readers aro requested to writ*
without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It Is not a face powder, cream, cosmetlo or
bleach, contains no oil. greaae, paste, chemi-
cals or poisons of any kind and la absolutely
pure.
Write to Mme. M. Rlbault, 26SS ISlta building,
Cincinnati. Ohio, and she will mall free, pre-
paid, In a plain sealed wrapper a free packagv
of her wonderful beautlflers and you will al-
ways bleM the day you wrote. Do not fall to
write to-day. -¦''-'-
ance may. now be banished, for It la within
the mean* of every lady, young or middle-
ngrd, to have the clearest and mopt refined
complexion so dear to a woman's heart.
Fannie U. Ralston, 62S Lexington ave., New-
port, Ky.. cays: "when I began using Mme.
Kibault's complexion beautlflera I did not
think it possible to dear my skin; my face waa
tn a horrible condition, literally covered with
red epots, pimples, blackheads, moth patches
and freckles. I suffered a thousand deaths,
and when I sent for a trial of Mme. Rlbault's
beautlflers I improved no wonderfully that my
friends did not recognize me, so quickly had
the change taken place. My skin Is now per-
fectly lovely, and there la not a blemish or
wrinkle anywhere." .
WEAK MEN.
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGORATORpTfig
Ptope a:i 1,*^., i n m hour*. Yov EwilfiSv
U*l the Improvement from th« W* **"*
nrrt dorr. \Ve have no much con- fc^ M
flarnce in our trratmrnt that w« KQSj 1KB
<j~« r five hundred ri»ar<i fur any nlTI CYiTn
cmk« u t cannot cure. Thli rccrot LUiiU MjM
r'-nx-rty Kio;m ir> (>^ )„ lioum. KJPQ M&4
cur»* Emlsilona. Impotence. Vart- *aO'HSa««
ow-tlr. «Jonorrho«-a, Strictures. Gleet. Drain*.
Loit Manhood nnd all othrr waiting rfTrct* of
•"•lf-«bu««« or rx'scMw. Sent •ealnd. K bottle;
t bottlm. tt; pu:i!ant«»i1 10 cure any c*»«. call
rr «4<lrr»m HA.LL'8 MISTilCAL. INSTITUTE.
H5J nroadway, Oakland. C«l. Al»o for »ale at
1073^ Marlut at.. H. V. All private dlit*«ti
qulcJily cured. 6f-n(l for free book.
Weekly Call.$1.00 per Year
a«Bk CHICHt«TIR'« CNQLISH
PEHNYRpWV, PII.LS
>{(T£>a for CHIOUKSTKK'H KNCiLtJlI
fr\kfw*r$.\i* UUI* «< timid MUIM tout. Mal.it
*t»*--^Vfl •""• «-'<¦• nkb... T«h» no »ih.p. »«r«*«
"M •»• VVJ l»«-.»«ro«. U.b.vJl.U^. aad l»lt«.
It' Jr mum tor l*artiraUra, T»«ti««»l»l«
In JO ud •• IUll«r f»r l-»^l*s- u unm, b/ r-
_Xj •• -IT jDi-a Mall. H».»O»T-il-..l.l.. toUkf
UmVm tail »•*«. MUUm. »q ««•. raUX. V£
JOB BOSENBEBO'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. ~ | ' JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. .
' ¦' -aSaa aa»la^aa'-aaa-aaBat-aM*i**taa-ataaa-aatiatBBllSWl^BlaT«alBaaa'ilala^Ma^B^B^Bt*aatataBBlla^B^a*Mi ¦— — iW ' '¦''""¦—"' '" — *" —""'"**' ' ' ' ' •' ' ' ' ' '
0000 ~ ' • **^^ It You Are Stout We Can Make You Thin The First Coiners Monday Morning
(^L-J -^T^^S J'Jltim i ' NOtlOnS. NOtlOnS. r.if'if"' , wltl J host rustproof Wt\%. „, _ not scon forget.
V W^V "^^^v sK-S^llMll ,,2 M rn ,m,T ! While th^y brace the body they will Wo boupht n trnvclor's
3X7 1^ vfei ' r.« 1 tT,n T ,' K ARlIChKS AT UTTLE>, not brenk or bon.l on th«« hips. Made «ample line of FLAN- x , S3
<Sr/y >8fe2^y '"If • j«^SB^^ PRICES: for different t^-iires. These coraets NELETTE OOODS. They "*"• V*
1/ -^ jBjKr^ KnlttliiR silk, lnrpo balls ,'Xccnch, nre Kiinranteod for ?0 days. It they are perfect In flnlnh ami <kfi £y77?x\
l( T77 s l/liSy Wflnlnunor Lopluiair Nloki'l-plntod Bafet.V pliif ...Cle dozon brrnk n steiM ln that time, nnothcr one mnke: only silently snolio 1 {^Mn&'fiii
I V^ */f//J2r/Ar iMJLRWcai. neinWUoii . Peurl buttons, Rood, heavy kind free. If you hnvo your corsets made from belnK handled; be r^*%/J
I A . MO^JBr • Every day we nre In _ ' ."Soclozen to order we (run rantoo we can save you I"K that way we bought ,«i}P>l«iyi
I Xt1%>- ¦"TaflSr rccolnt of novelties t^3"t\. Corset stools, pateen covered.. 7W» P«lr more thnn half nnd Klve you a hotter thorn at a great rciluc- ¦/ 1 1'i TTIM
\ w jfSF^ from the Eastern ami jlfe3*M . Black bonnet pins, jet head and the figure, our way of soiling t»'Ji.7r* tl^ l1 :_ T ,, o . „„.„ J"iJI!5f
fflS 1 U&r Europcnn market. T^feSIS long kind, pood stool pin each LADIES 1 FLANNKL-
f 1 ¦ Till? • i ATiv mivpr C^uGP Cabinet hnlrnlns. •« pk K s pins In a r n< , ._,. . , #1 nft f 1^ E1TK SKIRTS. DRAWERS AND
\ I COlLAR-it la a t5 lJ29F cabinet...... i!Hc a cabinet 5UC MlSiead 0T $ .00. T.*Jr GOWNS.
V^. X^ ..H rE /Lw«^ ;SSl'- Beat quality stockinet dress shields.. Cor^nts mnrin «f -^l UD1ES 1 FLANNELETTE Draw'-
rfiay^ nn d collar comoinea. ; XtuA w*» » nnir v-orseis maae or g.ood --^ v frcj mi( i. n # v »>rv h»««f nu»iitv nf
• The collar la made of JP*\ he. a pair quality satoen. new straight /W/V Jly S.nn e !p tft with 1 Zn r.iillo
mm J* '" ; best quality black silk j$A> ,<\ - ¦ front, empire shape, lace fMfeZQt «i4« nannelette - wlttl a ""P rume>
$1.98 Instead of $3.50. o7 ! ]Sd JSuaiilVSt" 1 -^' Gffl'\ ) When You Want to Improve Your Form Sff5?ink%u^wh^?AlFB^ flannelette gowns.
275 WAISTS, made B llk tciffeta. tho com- W ' PflmP tn Ik black. At thla price you >«$& t AniF*v FTAWFTFTTr «?k*iRTq
( £?a °, f n* oo i quallt . y b^ c !5 blnatlon!5 are pink. red. lavender ¦, tOII38 TO US. save Just one-half 50c • ffi^ wl^deeD flounce »!^
' -W^ 8lIk taff ?, ta - the klnd white and blue. The material would That's wha? we make a speckt/ty of. ' • • wun a aeep nounce. .Jic.
?Lzr tha t will not crack; cos t you more than we ask for It com- AT .__. . .-.p,.,.^, D .-, a . ¦ i , ln i, u p-« n u «„, v«.. ..j «.. ru These goods are made of the best
S©s. tucked back and front, pl^to 45e ¦ r *}'£ B I U i, DOU N PADS-Arewar- A LUCKY CatCli IOT YOU and TOT US. daisy cloth, plain and striped; war-
yj^VvWv new bishop aloeve with v , ranted .to give a proper, neat, rounded » fll .. A , ,'_ /--t.,,^, L . ,. ranted fast colors; you know wh»t
i A \0m stitched cuff. lined M pr9 *« n A nffprinff«5 appearance so essential to the well- Bought from Lackenback & Cc, an over- samples are. They are always mado
r IK WWftl throughout with a whit* BlUB UJUU l l llBlll.g&. gowned woman. They are made of the stocked Umbrella manufacturer. better than regular goods. Our ad-
f /WiiW lining. Wo were lucky The new KING EDWARD COLLAR. Yjfi"K, b l 8t woven silvered wire and . x ,. vvx ' soon tm RRPI T . a .„ vice: Come early, so you will not be
Wib i^z^m RiBftSSil imiiiteiii 1 SS*> Sf^sss sii ° °' Farre " st - Enttance -
ladies- waists' 1 '^ ot b.»t MofeJliaii Even Fxchatige for Your ' ««.„ „.,,„,,,„ „„.,.,.„«,, ~Wi ••f, r ""f"' trl ?" 1 VT" :i nm ' s Olie Best of ETerytnlng. anil
c-nder. They are the Banner Brand, heels and toes, good width, full length. "yffiM ENNE BRACE. natural wool hand u>* hi «/«? Jmh," made of 4-ply extra nne
known far Ut nnd finish. Sample of — »^^, a surprise In qual- \W» BEST SPECIAL «« wehm™ K To L o w n? li f&tfSSX linen. In alf the new styles
the way wo sell walsto 73c r^Z'Jfiti \ lfv - n surprise In JLjSL SUPPORTER made; unhe^d-of price "t'to A R n, d »hape»: no fancy
/ « (J ,., „ ..an a ¦<."&&?& h/* J >rlcfi -'»° S^jfti Invaluable for Buffer- uniltur " ol >" l( - e ' - 5 «"'- ' price here; the small atora
Prepare for Cold Weather While Our s*sMm£i>z> again -95 pairs / |\MJJ «« / r T Wf>nk bllck soviemore. <SS with tho wnaii price, lavic
Assortment Is Complete. v I^^KR St^i&jV S£& Q^IMm }P> Sf^h^w^S an^Suy^m^S^iSS I$%?4W n nfl hpri and a Rend n nP Tnn
iadivs 1 niti^«?ivo qArot'pq <"" XX Paris LIhIq the new mltary erect- away pnTPwq? ATOXVEN " Un8 liem, ana a bCOQ Une, 100,
mil n ,h, I I «n wnm ,i^ n^'n wMaV] thread, fnat black, . UMmJ nwHof walk: it throws AUAYIKKhS? «) down Rents' IIANnKKRCIIIEFa.
flniahed wuh «^crocheted aSS •"{ V$ffW^i{ rt«»uiii« heels. too a y*33?x your, cheat out »o It T LADIES 1 AND CENTS' UMDREL- made of extra heavy Belfast Unen-
n round the body Volhir and "leeveV- JKoL nnd knees-moat per- ///7T*V\ Rlvoa your lunss mor« I-AS. made .of extra heavy mercerised htm«tltch^>d. full atz*. If we did not
colors nlnk ; bluo Vrav nnd rwl Coni. '4*\wte& > foct Rooking made. ( \\ freedom to breathe; twilled cloth; fuat color; waterproof; buy ths>m direct from th« manufacturer
fort nnri HmI \?\m vorv lim* iitui WUT Our prices make us / * yovir sklrtB can be at- nteel rod; 123 different handles to you'd have to pay twice the price w«
rort ana hcaitn for \ery uttie....bUo \luay , 23c tached to the braco choose from; sterling silver, natural ask mV.12Ho
Rlhhnn? Rlhhnn«J wlth onl V a nook and e >' e « thua r«Hev- wood, with sterling allver trimmed;
nlUDUnS. niDOanS. ci r .« flffprln« In Ifnlttnri HndPrWAar '»« the unhealthy preaaura on the dell- nlso horn and hone hnndlea, *tor- Stnra Wnu/e
Very bent quality made, at the very r ' r51 U J!::'5SJ5. .K,,!,, . I . °« t8 or B Hn " of the b0<1y ' P om r» ln llnB metRl trimmed. You can buy Iore N8WSl
lowest prices ever heard, Owv KNITTED UNDERW I2AR Is three different sl8ea-boyn r , misses' and three for tha uuual coat of one, Just Look In our window* and aee those
&w> nipced kibhon. made of the XX nlwaya to the front for quality and \ n( \\ M \ jf all ladles would wear the think, 7ftv. I5o and SSo Ladlea' handkerchiefs wo
Frunch black nll-allk luater taffeta— • 1 V c *u r _ a , « ft Mn,vA^r>« ai , T -. fl Adrtenne brace onnaumptlon would be- W« have many more In better and ar« Belling ISo
' W& &: .5:v.:v.;v.v.v.v.:::::;::::j«s MMBttSS »«=*«=« Srws~ °>°« «"' - -'¦ n .Tr.SE™S*H^{SB
wfStfi SS: S::""":::::::::::::::::3<l!; ffi&.'afei me DfiOCMDCDP 816 MARKET STREET, J^v^-Sft&'&SViX'Zi
If you itntlolpnto usHik ribbon now ut th« necU with .« orochet niae nn«1 I j D |- K 1 1 \ r* I\S K T K l*a « • i. VI « *»* JI -' * » t^ ur lir pull your h.ilr 1 »»«•
or later on it will pay you tn iniy thorn Unlnluvl with u hIIU Uipo run throiiKh- Jf UL HUMUll U LIlU Running through to It O'Farrett, j\m received, » n*w u.ie of Arabian
now. n« we are idling thorn for half onlnn fcru a»»1 Kray. Thl» PpaNnn'i M „ nm . mm *- lt *n mA > Dum AW mm niu/- colored Point V(?nlae lace Insertion. 4
prlue, fltHt offering and n good on«, too.. Hfto Mnll llrdci'H Hollcltcd. PHCLAN liUlLDING* Inches wide .".So
WE CLAIM THAT MONTCTIOin'B
(rerkle remedy !» the ©nly t<«rmanent curt
for fwkles. We prove It by fumuhlnic volun-
tary testimonial, from the b*»t i>n<<i<u of thl*
city (Ban Franrliro) who nave tevted It, aftvr
all other remedies had (ailed, tha freckle* in*
Mirlfthly returnlne. Pee thfM p*oi>le bpfere
rtrkius further for a remedy. \\» have their
t>»rmt*slon to r«fer renpectnbl* pervnna to them,
k-u.iMp j*r»nna may teat the remedy br-fcre
r>ay-»f the frt»ckle» return ft the "kin It in-
jured ln the nUfilitett d«-Kiw~ imy nmhlnfr.
rail or m4<\r*»r N»w York ln*tttm<* of r>r-
mnttilrt«>-. •'¦ limiV'.nri Jiull.iltie. »1« M.tikrt »t.,
Han tVanciwo «opn,.»ite Unu>nrlum). Take el*.
v«t«r to the fifth flftor. A wgrnun with (rffklca
removed from one ulile fare on exhibition aa a
n nij'i" J.m.In in rwr|iiion.
DR. U. G. LIPES.
thorourhly understands tie. subject. H« CU r»,
coMumpUon. bronchitis, wthma. catarrh heSrt
tflseaae. kidney and bladder troubles Ind r"£
la truly wonderful tn Its effect andtti mind 1
OU» rower 1. felt from the very nSt da?a^2T
iiiiiifiSii
.v Th *_ <loctor ' g th '°ry •¦ that no matter what
condition of th. blood or n~ve 8 . or^th •&£
bf£S l 2£«* n J&i! n * l &' t0 lh# Purifying of the
pietely the ravarea of any dleeate whatever
Jo prove th. truth of hi. clalma Dr. UpSiu 3l
feHnr to all .ufferer. without exception » frV.
}ou to t.ll him the nature or your affliction
when you write for free treatment. *" a ' cuon
SAW TR AN CISCO'S SCIENTIFIC DUtJUTOtOOiaTB
if FRECKLES!
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
t THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
1 rpeed. comfort, pleasure asA
| luxury unlimited. $87.00
Buffalo and He turn. October
3 and 4. Beserve berths for
| this famous train at 641
2 Market Street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., ON THE
SANTA FE
TK$ffi*'\^i&)k?*I FANNIE a
Cglv" •i« <r t J^^ig (Showing her
teJ^^ " *^-7j. ' i liaprtiwement.!
¦HH—^.-bm ¦ ¦¦nf ¦¦i— in iiMm saw I
I Sterling Furniture |
Music Cabinet $4.40 I
I Made of polished mahoganized K
I birch, 38 inches high, 17 inches wide ]&
I Picture tells the rest. y
fi Richmond Ranges
a cost about 10c a pound. Think
H of that! Very ordinary rough
w castings cost that much but the
H castings in a.RICHMOND are
M smooth as satin. It's easv to
g get a cheaper range than a Rich-
I mond— get a lighter one! Lighter !
H ones sell at 12 to 14c a 1b and last
¦ about half as long. Occasionally
H you find a cheap light-weight
n range that will bake.
I R1CHMONDS Bahe or
Q every penny of your money back.
r '""*» u •— *f y ,•****¦'.*•" tU. "
M • '' ' — ~~~ ' '
I Roman Chair $1.25
M Made of golden oak, strong and •'
is serviceable. The seat Is upholstered
H in velours.
H We'd be glad to have you open
| an account with us.
You can make the payments to )
suit your convenience. J
STERLING
Furniture Company
1039 Market St. Sty,;,'",,
Tot,. ¦••aMWBMsjTliiri jwiiiijiaej i i-A reception was tendered at the Hotel
Berkshire last evening to D. K. Myers,
president of the Trist Duplicate Whist
Club, who will leave next month to accept
a responsible position in Honolulu. Forty
eight members and invited guests took
part In a social game. Refreshments
were served and a delightful evening was
spent.
Reception to D. K. Myers.
"Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco, December 18th, Los An
geles December 19th', reaching Mexico in
time for the Holiday Celebrations. Round
trip, San Francisco, $80. Los Angeles,
$70. Personally conducted. Dining car.
Pullman sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low
side trip rates. Optional itineraries.
Make reservations 613 Market street, San
Francisco, 261 South Spring street, Los
Angeles."
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Frank Murphy, a peaceable barber, who
conducts a shop at Third and Minna
streets, was brutally beaten last night by
men who, he alleges, were strikers.
Murphy was at the corner of Third and
Howard streets when several men asked
him If he was a union man. He said he
was, and then they asked him what he
did. Before Murphy could reply he was
knocked down and so badly injured by his
assailants that he had to be taken to the
Emergency Hospital.
Barber Victim of Strikers.
F. Erdmann, Inventor, Is
Arrested for Grand
Larceny.
Frank Erdmann. who is accused of hav
ing stolen from the Southern Pacific Com
pany thousands of dollars* worth of brass
arid other material, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a warrant from
Sacramento charging him with grand lar
ceny. He will be taken to the capital city
this morning by Deputy Sheriff XV. T.
Br'ssell. •
In March last six packages of block "tin
were stolen from the company's brass
loundry In Sacramento. Brissell discov
ered four of the packages, which had
£?,?£.»,*> 1? m a J'recWng car, and on
March 22 he saw Erdmann place two of
packages from the wrecking car in a
caek. Brissell arrested him. but he Bhow
ed fight and succeeded tn making his es
cape.
Erdmann could also have been charged
here for the same offense. On August 27
no broke Into the roundhouse at Sixteenth
street and stole sixteen brass engine
SSS£; w 6 fo » owlD S n te h t he stole two
engine boxes. He was seen by one of the
company s employes. September 6 he cut
out o. a / ear window of the brass foundry
at Sixteenth street and. after barricading
the front door, piled about two tons of
brass aeainst the hole ready to be taken
"¦ W ,FV^?* m&ht £oreman happened along
and finding the front door barricaded
made an investigation and saw Erdmann
disappearing through a window. ruraann
Detectives Kindelon and Lewin of the
STEALS TO MAKE
PATENT SWITCH
Southern Pacific and Detective Ryan of
the local police were detailed on the case.
They discovered that Erdmann had sold
quantities of brass to a foundry on Beale
street, and Lewin engaged a room in a
lodging house opposite and awaited devel
opments. Thursday evening Lewin saw
Erdmann enter the foundry with a sack
ful of brass and placed him under arrest
after a struggle. Lewin recovered 18J0
pounds of brass from the foundry which
Erdmann had stolen and sold.
Erdmann some years ago was employed
by the Southern Pacific Company. He has
invented a patent switch and it was to
get money to perfect the patent that he
robbed the railroad company. He is about
40 years of age. ¦. "
.Possibly -because It -is" so near to-.us, so
easily accessible by; boat -and .'train, the
major part of the residents of San Fran
cisco and bay cities do not realize : that
'within -an hour from the Market-street
ferries there is one of tne most beautiful
mountain railway trips to be had on the
face, of the earth. -However experienced
the "globe trotter, from . whatever section,
of the planet he may have commenced his
wanderings, always you will hear it said
from such an one, "this is- divinely beau
tiful. Nowhere else such intricate wind
ings, such marvelous scope, of land and
sea and smiling .towns!" Tamalpais on a
clear day affords such beauties. In scenic
changes as no other mountain offers, and
yet the railway: which snakes the trip pos
sible is but indifferently patronized, ex
cept by tourists. - - .
Heretofore the rate from San Francisco
has been forty; cents to Mill Valley and
return, and one dollar from Mill Valloy
to the summit and return. The Board of
Railroad Commissioners has approved of
an increase in this schedule and henceforth
the round trip from San Francisco will be
$190, or $150 for- the -round .trip between
Mill Valley and the summit.' The trip up
the mountain is eight and a fifth miles. A
comparison of prices is interesting, • the
distances and rates on tne various moun
tain roads being as follows: Mount Wash
ington, New Hampshire, three miles lone,
round trip $4; Pilatus, Switzerland, three
miles long, $2 40; Schynlgle Platte, Switz
erland, four and a third miles long, $2* R'gi
Vitznau, Switzerland, four and a half mi1o S
long, $2 10; Monte Generose, Switzerland
five and a half miles long, $2; Gorner
Grat. Switzerland, fiveand a fourth miles
long, $3 60; Mount Lowe, California, eight
miles long. $2 25; Mount Tamalpais. Cali
fornia, eight and a fifth miles long, "the
crookedest railroad In. the world," $150'
Pikes Peak. Colorado, eight and a half
miles long, $4 50. :
A new train schedule goes Into effect to
day.
It is said that the New Englander makes
the best mlllhand. ¦
THE CHEAPEST- SCENIC <
RAILWAY IN. THE WORLD
ness," and in the' evening "on; f'The-Great
Supper. 1 ' ¦.'¦.- -.¦; ¦*'¦¦>••• >•¦¦;? u . •.;; ;.-;¦';. '.•'¦. ; >
In the sick rooro or on your sideboard Jesse
Moore "AA" Whiskey is lndespenMble. •
Large Estate Disposed Of.
- The will of Jacob Nickels, who died Sep
tember 25, was/tiled In the County Clerk's
office yesterday. The document disposes
of an estate consisting of real and per
sonal property valued at $200,000.
To his children, J. Franz Nickel and
Bertha Pf au, he leaves two lots, one lo
cated at the corner of Golden Gate ave
nue and Taylor street and the'other at
the corner of Gough and Page streets. He
bequeaths to his stepdaughter, Julia Leo
pold, two valuable, lots of land and $20,000.
He provides that the. residue of his estate
shall go to his two children and stipulates
that during the life* of his wife, Caroline,
the income of all the property shall go to
her.- ¦ •
'Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 40« Clay. •
F. W. Dam. a teacher In the Humboldt'
Evening School, against whom charges of
neglect^and continued absence* were tiled
by, Principal Taafe with the Board of Ed
ucation, resigned his position yesterday.
Dam had applied for an extension of his
leave of absence for six weeks, and ap
peared before .the board to urge favorable
action. Superintendent Webster, accom
panied him and made a plea for the ex
tension on the ground that Dam was suf
fering from overwork and needed rest '
The board, however, declined to recon
sider its denial of the application.
The board has fixed the midterm vaca
tion for .1901 from October 7 to 11, inclu
sive. The attention of principals has been
called in a circular to the suspension of a
rule so as 10 permit pupils to contribute 5
cents each to the McKlnley memorial
fund. . .
Denial of His Application for
Absence - Leave.
School Board Rafu3cs to Beconsider
TEACHER DAM RESIGNS
PLACE IN DEPARTMENT
•¦'¦ Everything points to a "standing-room
only" house at the California Theater to
night where William H. West's minstrels
will hold forth for- one week. The com
pany arrived last night in a special train
comprising two baggage cars, two sleep
ers, one coach and a stock car.
One - of the beautiful black tandem
horses used by Mr. West in the parade
leaped from the door of the car at Reno.
Nev., during the trip and was so badly
injured that it had to be killed. Mr.
West Immediately wired the news to Tom
Williams president 'of the California
Jockey Club, thi3 city, and within a few
hours he procured a mate, for' the unin
jured animal.
In the company at the California this
week will be found a host of big features,
far above anything ever presented in min
strelsy. BDly Van,, the comedian, and the
big Zeb and Zarrow bicycle act are only
two of the star ; attractions. '.•¦¦
Found Neoessary to End Its
"•:¦/./; _ Sufferings.^
Leaps Prom Stock Car and It I."
WILLIAM H. WEST LOSES
A VERY • VALUABLE HORSE
The Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Secret of True Happt-
xne Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Problems of : . Desolar
tion," and in the evening Professor David
Starr Jordan will speak on "The Strength
of Being Clean.". ' . . ¦¦ —,v--
The Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on" "The Drawing Power of Sac
rifice," and in the evening on .-"Bearing
the Yoke of Youth." .
$ "Unreality" will be the subject of dis
cussion a£ the services of the First Church
of Christ.- Scientist, this morning. •
The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Bap
tist Church will preach this morning -on
"The Mysteries of Salvation." and in the
evenine on "God Reasoning With Men."
The Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zion
Church will preach this morning on
"Thoughts From the Mount of Blessing,"
and In the evening : on ''Valley Town
Viewed From. Mount Eminence." ¦:
The Rev. John Hemphlll of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church will / preach this
morning on "An Unfinished Life," and in
the evening on "Who Is Free?"- ' • .'
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the ' First
Unitarian Church will preach this morn
ing on "Thou Shall Not Covet." ' .
The Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Crowns Fading and Endur
ing," and in the evening on "Helping
Comrades."
The Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "Rules for Giving," and In
the evening on "The Unknown God Re
vealed." ¦ .
The Rev. Milton D. Buck, pastor of
Trinity M. E. Church, will preach .this
morning on "Gospel Dynamite," and In
the evening on "The Water of Life."
The Rev. 1. K. Baker of the First M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"Individual and Co-operative Effort . in
Christian Service," and in the evening on
"What It Is to Be a Christian." - /
The Rev." John Stephens ot the Simpson
Memorial M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "Christianity Is Christ,',' and
in the evening on "The Alabaster Box."
The Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the
Howard-street M. E. Church will preach
this morning on "Labor Is Worship," ana
in the evening on "Knowledge Is Life."
The- Rev. Herman LDuhrlng.D.D.,
special agent of the Board of Missions of
the Episcopal church, will preach this
morning in St. Peter's Church, corner of
Stockton and Filbert streets. In the even
ing the Rev. Dr. Hart, secretary
of the House of Bishops, will preach.
The l'ev. W. E. Dugan of the Stewart
Memorial Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Selah of the Psalms," and in
the evening on "The Image of the Invisi
ble God."
Bishop Patridge of Kyoto, Japan, will
preach in Trinity Church this morning.
In the evening a special musical festival
will be held. Louis H. Eaton will preside
at the organ. ,
To-day at 3 o'clock a special address
will be given to young-men at the Young
Men's Cnristian Association by the Rev.
John H. Kerr, D.D.
Special services in memory of the' late
Rev. J. M. Buehler will be held in the
Evangelical Lutheran Paulist Churcn,
corner of Eddy ! and Gough j streets, this
morning. The Rev. J. H. Schroeder will
deliver the eulogy.
The funeral of the late Edward, J.
Power, colonel of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets, .will be held
from his late residence, 1721 , Jones
street, to-day at 12:30 o'clock. The
regiment he commanded will attend
the .funeral in a body. Special services
will be held in St. Mary's Cathedral at 1
o'clock. To-morrow a' special requiem
mass for the repose of his: soul will be
celebrated in St. Brigid's Church.
Simpl© Obsequies for
the Late Colonel
E. J. Power.
REGIMENT WILL
ATTEND FUNERAL
I ¦ No canvass of San Francisco or the Pa
cific ' Coast . lias yet ..been made, but the
mere knowledge -.of • these facts has in
duced, the benevolent Jews, of this city to
forward ' voluntary contributions to the
local secretary,' who has already received
about $2500 from various . sources. Each
mall' brings contributions, and it. Is esti
mated that San Francisco will subscribe
about $10,000 to this humanitarian work.
The date and place of the public recep
tion will be announced .through- the press.
A meeting of the Pacific Coast board of
directors of the Denver Jewish National
Hospital for .Consumptives , was . held yes
terday ; afternoon - at j-' the- -residence -of
Judge ""M. C. (gloss. •¦^Thjp^ meeting -' was.
called for the purpose 'of 'arranging a re
ception to Mrs. PIsko, field secretary of
the asspciatiqn. ¦ Mrs. Pi^ko. is also a noted
woman'%'*- other branches,* of 'charitable
work throughout ; the TJnlted^States. Those
present at 'the" 1 meeting '.'were'' Judge' Sloss,
chairman r Rabbi 8 , Nleto,^" secretary ; P4 N.
v Aronson; Bert; Hecht.'Ben Schloss/ Jacob
Greenebaum'and Mrs.M. C. Sloss. ,.-"-••• '
Mrs. Plsko -has .been actively "engaged
In promoting the- interests of the. hospital
since its foundation.', Wtthin" the 'last two
years 250 patients have been treated and,
although entirely' supported by Jewish
money, JO per cent of 'the patients have
been professing Christians. The hospital
has been especially designed to assist the
poor. - No fees are "demanded and no
money can be accepted for treatment. -
National Hospital at ; Denver,
'¦¦'.[ to Be Honored. «
Mrs. Pisko, Field Secretary i of the
PREP ABB, RECEPTION TO'
NOTED JEWISH WOMAN
c Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
spread in full on our records, - and that when
we adjourn we adjourn ' out of respect to the
memory . of one of the greatest Presidents ¦". the
United States has as yet had," William •Mc-
Klnley.; and that a copy of same be transmitted
to the daily papers for publication, r • ¦
California Liquor Dealers' Association
of San Francisco No. 1 1 expresses'the-sor
row of its members In the following reao
lutloris: ¦'.".'. ... .'.' ."..'.'. • ¦•¦••' -"¦' ;
¦ . .Whereas. .Throughout this great 'domain, the
true liberty. : loving citizen Is bowed / down In
grief through .the death; of our. beloved Presi
dent, William McKinley,' who met his untimely
end . at the " hands ¦ of a cowardly assassin, ¦ the
despised anarchist r therefore, 1 be. It : - ¦ - -
. Resolved. By the California Liquor i Dealers'
Association. San Francisco, No. ¦ 1, . that we
deeply deplore the. great loss- which ¦: this na-,
tion has sustained and Join; our fellow-citizens
in denouncing anarchism and its teachings and
condemn- the 2 dastardly act ; In? taking the 'life,
of him who has advanced -this, nation to the
head: of* all nations of the -universe, as cow
ardly and a blow at. liberty and freedom.
... Resolved,, That we 'tender our sincere condo
lence to the stricken widow and relatives of our
deceased President, with an. earnest wish that
they may long be spared to enjoy/. the confi
dence and respect of . a grieving and grateful
people.' ' ' ' ' ¦ - • - •' .'. ¦
- Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be
published in the- daily papers of this city. - '. ..
Resolved, That; we, the members of the San
Francisco Scottish i Thistle ! Club, in ; meeting
assembled, express, our heartfelt sympathy and
earnestly hope that this country be not again
visited .with such a dire calamity; and be It
further ' ¦ ' ;¦ ¦ ¦ . t
Resolved, That we, the members of San
Francisco Parlor No. 49, N. S. Q. W., deeply
deplore and regret the nation's great loss; and
extend to the heart-stricken widow and rela
tives of our departed President our most sin
cere condolence In their sad bereavement, with
the earnest wish that they may long be spared
to enjoy the confidence' and respect of a griev
ing and grateful people; and be it further
Resolved, That this resolution be spread upon
the minutes of the parjor. 1 '
.. The 'San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club
has adopted the following resolutions:
» Whereas,' Through , the dastardly . act of a
¦cowardly assassin our beloved President, Wil
liam . McKlnley, the- true embodiment of all
that Is good in man, came., to an untimely
death ;• and- whereas, lt v is but meet and proper
that some expression of our sorrow should be
given at this 'time when "the Vwhole world
mourns his loss. Therefore be it ~ -' . •
Resolutions adopted out of respect to
the memory of the, late President McKln
ley are still being passed by numerous
organizations which have heretofore not
had an opportunity to do so. At Its last
meeting ban Francisco Parlor No. 49, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, after adopt
ing the following resolutions, adjourned
out of respect to the memory of the late
President:
Whereas, The entire American nation If
bowed down with grief at the assassination of
Its honored and beloved President, William Me-
Klnley; therefore be It .
More Evidence of Esteem in
Which .Martyr "Was
Held.
Organizations Pay Tri
bute to Memory of
the Dead.
EXPRESS SORROW
IN RESOLUTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
22
COAT.S, SUITS AND; SKlRrS.
¦jCSStf ' San Francisco's choicest showing in tailor-made
r^g^ytfY coats, suits, dress and walking skirts awaits
3 r our inspection at this store. This week there
t'Rl^P' will be an important offering of over two hundred
J^sL^/7- ''*v handsome, - stylish tailor-madfe suits just-received
/^AT^s. from the maker, comprising the new Norfolk
j^lU ]) . shapes, tight and lodse-flttlrig and 1 blouse fronts,
J Jj I ' all made from 'the most desirable fall materials
V/h/i r) "' . ' n black, navyblue and castor. Choose ; from the
\jk*lilM tempting: lot for ¦ , ; . • ¦ '
Y^Wl ' '' '^' ' :$25.00>-'.' X
jfll ;V>i " Many handsome new styles in silk waists . will
•1ffJ(lk \k ' ' be snown this week, containing' a very choice line,
ff\' ' U^ffl \ '¦* " at $5.00/ -They are made- of .superior quality: taf-
/k "•% li^V ' feta silk, in black and the late fall colors; the
rSlsJ/I l'nrl^^T*-7 fronts of" some -are' daihtily- trimmed with" solid
\ will W \ rows of fine tuckingi and; cording/ whiles others
/\Tillr\V «*^^ have -cross-tucked fronts; air sizes from 32 to 42.
V^i|l\MvL,^^'^ .'Price but ; ' • -i ; .^ V
MILL!N~RY SUPREMACY. 1 'Hems of Interest L?' -
We never were so busy in the.hii- '-•-, Tn ' Our Basement Salesroom,
tory of our millinery department, but 4 ~ nt . •,, . , ;• - ¦• .
we expected it and planned for 'it- ¦vCottpn;.phlrtMralsta- reduced- from
filled the entire department with the >1.00;to . ¦ tf .. - i. ,
.•holcest millinery procurable. This -Cotton -underskirts reduced from
week we make a showing of over. 600 J1.50 to 75Q-" ,%•"•.••- - ."• !; *'~
new trimmed^ hats,-- aU-in^the^new e w woolen waists at SI. 25.
and popular black and whlt<r effects, ; New flannelette wrappers
as well as an assortment , of fifty hats ai •>- «i -tq ¦ • * <pi '" Ul
richly trimmed with ostrich plumes. M*ullln gowns ; 65c. 75c »5c.
The prices range from Children^ school stockings reduced
$6.0 J to $25 00. .. from 25c to 12%c.a pa!r.
CbrS9€t^JStandSrc^^ve.
WEARS NOW PREPARED -TO SHOW
AN ELEGANT COLLECTION OF. . . .
New Black and Colored Dress Goods, Novelty
Silks, Colored and Black Broadcloths and
Venetians, Golf Skirtings and Velvet Cordnroys,
CLOTH DEFT. ;
In this department we are showing full lines
of Amazon Cloths, Venetians, Ladles 3 Clotns,
Covert Cloths, Beavers, Golf Skirtings and
Velvet Corflurous. These are In all the new
Fall colorings, also Blacks. SPECIAL-S5
pieces Genuine Amazon Cloth, 50 inches
wide, all shades.'. • S 1 - 00 Yapd
DRESS f GOODS DEFT.
This week we will show a beautiful assort-
) ment of New Satin Venetians, Satin Pru-
nellas, Satin Melrose, Satin Regina, in latest
¦ Fall shades, particular^ Modes, Browns
and Blues, SPECIAL— 25 pieces 43-inch
All-wool Crepe de Chine, in light, medium
and pastel shades- K «1.00 Yard
SILK DEFT.
New Black and White Striped Taffetas,
y Persian Taffetas, White and Black Polka
Dot Foulards, Warp Print Satin Striped
Taffeta and Corded Louisine StripedTaffetar
special— 25 pieces New Silk Momle
Crepe, 20 inches wide, all the leading
shades... \ .81.00 Yard
BLACK GOODS.
New Black French Etamines, Silk and Wool
Poplins, Samite Cloth, - Pehhle Cheviots,
Camel's-Halr Chevron, Silk and Wool Crepe
de Paris and Silk Finished Batiste, SPE-
CIAL— 30 pieces 48-inch Black Granite
Cloth .81.00 Yard
.^111.113. 115. !17. 119. 12! POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _:.._.; ' ..' " -,-. v>.:.:v .V ¦¦¦/.¦/¦ .^ ¦ / : "r: :¦;•;¦_-¦'
muxm}<mam '' mmmmm^ mm^ mm '' m '^ mm '^^° maai^^ a^^^!!^!!^^^ The Loti^ fellow Coat is . • \\ \ v
f^pl^^g K^^^ffl[^S Btach Oxford, Bluish 0 ve S r c'oTt 1 -)]^ o^e "pictured
!Mj ilff.w^™|^^fel BrOWllish Oxford; these pretty blick A^rackan 'trim-
ifmil shades for this Winter. nroper weight for winter an f l
-. ¦ .-.-' ¦' ¦' ¦'¦ \ ""„' •.--".•••'¦• "' : '' s " •• - nHfffjf Vh\ ( ¦ ~ JL rULS (jrCVnTt&l'hu WtLL O6 chaps between the. ages of 2yi-
|\ I ||||t| T A Clean-Cut, Refined Overcoat S^^^S
SAN FRANCISCO.- A *** • " :-: ' J3 LLJ
JZC^l^^ It's the . Peep of Anu Overcoat Shown in 9^^^^ &t
Ovr Winter Catalogue This CltTJ. kwg pitcspfor: qprcoats
COVERED DELIVERY
WAGONS
for all purposes. We are the largest
manufacturers of 'fine Delivery Wagons
in the United States. Wagons painted
and lettered to suit your fancy.
STUDBBAKRT?
RROS.fOMB^NY
Market and Tenth Streets.
DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF, \
Late Superhtandent Physician City V
... - and County Hospital. . . f\'
1 MENTAL. AND NERVOUS DISEASES. i
; SPECIFIC TREATMENT !;
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. (
Twenty Years' Experience. |
' rat'ents may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building, '
106 Eli.« si., near Powell. Hours, it to U J
a. in., 2 to 4 p. m. . • ' ¦ '
Black
Waists
The Largest Assortment of
Shirt Waists in the City.
Italian Shirtwaists, $i.75and $2.50
Wool Shirt Waists, $2.50 to $5.00
Silk Shirt Waists, $3.50 to $10.00
NEW DRESS SKIRTS.
Over 100 Styles.... $3. 50, $5.00,
i. $7.50, $10.00^12.50, '$15.00
examine— you'll
'be satisfied*
THE
BLACK GOODS
HOUSE
1106 Market St.
(R. T, KENNEDY COMPANY)
C argxxss "&£ Sea I
'And stock on hand represent tho adventure of business. M
i The success of the former, however, depends upon .the §1
chance of wind and tide, while the success of the latter Is i
due to the merit of human work. The shoes for men and m
I women that we carry In" our NEW $3.!5O DEPARTMENT H
are an adventure only by virtue of the fact that we are H
Belling: them almost at cost and must consequently dispose E
EJ of great Installments In order to realize profit. They cease «
to be an adventure when shown to the customer, for their i
perfection of fit, workmanship and style manifest their su- ¦
perlorlty In every way over any footwear ever offered for - 1
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
FOLDING BEDS
In an infinite variety of styles and at
all prices; quarter sawed, golden fln-
lsh.,hlghly polished oak writing desk,
sideboard and fancy patterns. We fur-
nish your house complete. Carpets,
Linoleums and Mattings a specialty.
THEJ.NOONAH FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated).
10 I 7- IO23 MISSION STREET,
' Above Sixth. San Francisco.
W« dose at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
V EARNY AND 7 WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
*» modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO.-. Kuropean plan. Rooms. 50c to SI KO day;
IS to tS week; tS to. CO month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all" night.
W-^W'V JT— * *•— » PERMANENTLY
' ' r^M § ' r* .^^ CURED. No surgery
* * M~S*~*+-m*J or delay. Names of
60 prominent business men sent as reference.
500 cures in S. F. ¦ For particulars addreu
PHYSICIAN, box 1950.- Call office.- ¦¦ • - . •'-'. '¦¦'¦¦. ¦ - ¦ ¦¦• ' • ¦•".-: ... : . .rTT*"* •******»!•» mmmm^mm^»mmm?'^»f*+z»**m » . . . _ , , ..:..., ;.• ............... ......''...
/ SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901
Entire Change in the
Aspect of the Local
Railway Situation
Rolling Stock and/the
Roadbeds Are to
Be Looked After
An Assistant to Take
Charge and Report
to Eastern Magnate
HARRIMAN WILL ASSUME PRESIDENCY
OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
The >, Southern ' Pacific i Company > was
chartered by special act 'of the Legisla
ture; of. Kentucky,.',March • 17, ; 1SS4. ; It was"
The Southern Pacific Company, long the
autocrat' of the ' transportation business
west of ; the ;Rocky/Mountalns, "as suoh
has passed and -with all the .vast: mile
age and properties it 'controlled has be
come.a part of a still more gigantic com
bination, or rather, centralization of rail
roads, . whose ¦ head.j and* direction is : in
the East. ¦> ."'"--" ' •
The Southern Pacific^
. It ;ls supposed that Harriman as the
new president' will' go In for a' sweeping
reform; in regard to the expenses of the
company. This is very evident from' tha
fact' that 'he ; has accepted; the , post of
president and is going to knuckle down to
hard work himself. Around the "yellow
building", it is said that ' consolidations
are'.nowl sure to come^ fast ' and :¦ thick.
Salaries --will' not "be lowered,- but • where
an official -or even a clerk can do more
work it will certainly be. forced upon him
Those ; railroad officials in. .the Southern
Pacific Company in- this city who picked
out either Felton. or Burt as the next
president; are .sadly . disappointed. Every
railroad man' earning a large salary will
have to stand on his merits. Weekly re
ports will 'be forwarded to Harrlman and
those who. are found wanting will soon
get their notices of dismissal. . . .
It is generally believed that Evsrltte
Sf John of the Seaboard line will fill the
position of assistant to President Harri
man. He was shown the entire worklrg3
of the road by President Hays while, he
was out here. He left the early part of
last-weekto go back to his home at
Norfolk and sell his) residence before fin
ally settling in San 'Francisco.
of a responsible position with the North
em Pacific Railroad: V
In this city now know that old service,]
social connection or • other Influences will |
count for nothing. * - '• , j
J. M. Herbert's .friendr say- he-lg safe |
In , his position • as ' manager.-" Herbert can
act independently,- aa<h« has the offer
GRE £* -WALL- STREET RAILROAD MANIPULATOR WHO IS TO BE THJD NEW PRESIDENTcOF THE SOUTH
The news that Harriman Is to be the
next president of the Southern Pacific
Company came as a great, and dismal
surprise to the prominent officials of the
company in this city, who had been" notl-
Jied from New York of the fact. With
Harrlman as president of the road the
manipulations, workings and entire inter
nets will b« centered in New York. The
road is now entirely owned by Eastern
capital. The policy of the road will be
dictated from Wall street end the officials
Belief Is General Here That He "Will
Be Appointed.'
ST. JOHN ASSISTANT.
For the same reason S. M. Felton of the
Chicago and Alton road also refused to
accept the position. Harrlman made sev
eral offers to Felton. assuring him that
At he would accept the position of presi
dent of the Southern Pacific he would sign
a long contract. Felton. however, abso
lutely refused to accept the place, owing
to the fact that the president of the
Southern Pacific Company was no longer
able to direct his own traffic department.
"Who Harrlman will send out to the
coast as his assistant has not yet been
announced.. The railroad man who ac
cepts the position will not receive a sal
ary as high as that given Charles M.
Hays The assistant will simply represent
Mr. Harriman on the coast and will refer
all matters direct to him In New York.
Financiers say that Harrfman as presi
dent of the Southern Pacific will be «
great success. He will take an active In
terest in the vast 'corporation and make
many improvements that are sadly need
ed. He will both remodel the rold and
expend vast sums in rolling-stock.
On Wall street the news was received
¦with Burprlse end eagerly discussed. It
Is generally conceded that Harrlman will
Step in as president of the Southern Pa
dfle Company solely upon motives of
economy. "With the appointment of J. C.
Stabbs as traffic director of the Harri
man- eystem of roads most of the respon
sibility is gone from the office of presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company. It
is definitely known to-day In New York
that Charles M. Hays handed in his res
ignation as president the moment J. C.
Stufcbs was appointed traffic director by
Harrlman. He deemed that with the
traffic business taken from his control
and placed In the hands of Stubbs in Chi
cago the "place originally attractive was
much less so."
will select an able railroad
man to go to Ban Francisco and fill the
position of assistant to the president
N' EW YORK, Sept. 28.— It was
officially announced here .to
day that E. H. Harrlman will
be the next president of the
Southern Pacific Company. He
— 1 will reside In New York, but
Continued on Page Twenty-Six. .
",i- Continued'oxi; Page Thirty-Two.^ i
The ' party of specials J; left the Thalia
Theater at the close of the performance
and .was composed of H. ; F. . Beehler, Al
bert ' Little, Albert Bogan - and > James
Grandall, employed by Curtin's Detective
Agency, and a'young man named IW. T F.
;¦¦ In the party of specials ,that .were as
saulted were but five men. ' Their assail
ants numbered fully ten times" as many.
"and extended through adja
cent streets. The attack was directed
against special officers. Fully fifty shots
were fired, . several of the combatants
and ; innocent passers-by were wounded,
and "windows were shattered by flying
bullets. - .
ONE of ' the most desperite
and disgraceful assaults yet
made- by union teamsters
occurred, shortly after mid
night last night directly In
front of Lotta's fountain
Rawley, all stopping at the International-
Hotel. "When the members of the party
turned from Turk street Into Market they
noticed a crowd following them. Seeing
Police Officer John Tlllman patrolling his.
beat on the south side of Market street
they crossed over and asked him to ac
company them.-
_ As one man after, another dropped, th«
police began' arriving on the scene. The
- In chaise of Tlllman they crossed over
Market i street, the crowd, considerably
augmented in numbers, still following
them. Tlllman endeavored to keep the
pursuers back. Just as the party reached
Lotta's fountain a shot was fired from
the rear, followed In quick succession by
several others. | Then the specials turned
on -their ?*rrsuers ' and a regular fusillade
followed, the striking teamsters firing the
larger, number. : >
H.F.'EEEBDLEDa,' special oflBcer, .shot in the left leg. .
".]\ "WTLLIA]ffi MILLER, striking teamster, 'shot in the left breast
'.^H" x =- J. WISSEL, teamster, shot in the knee.
EDDIE FULLER, messenger bey, shot in the leg.
. J. B0Y2TE, lacerated scalp wound, inflicted with the butt end of a
:, MacDONALD, shot in the left hand.
MEN WOUNDED IN THE FRAY.
Market and Keafnv Scene of a Midnight
Riot ( in Which Shots Are Exchanged
and Several Men Wounded*
ED, WHATTHENl -AND AS FORMEJF THE RESPON
¦ SIBILITY OF GIVING ADVICE SHOULD AGAIN BE PUT,
UPON ME, I SHOULD CONSIDER LONG AND EARNEST
LY IF THERE ARE NOT WORSE THINGS'.THAN VIO-
a/1 NARCHY has asserted itself in this city. Blood has been
u^~ji shed and life lias probably been taken upon the leading thor
oughfare of San Francisco. This morning an armed body <?/,
strikers opened -fire upon special policemen at the corner of Market,
and Geary streets. The fire tea? answered by the pistols of the spe
cial officers, and for a few minutes one o£ the. most outrageous scenes
in the history of this city zvas perpetrated. ' The excitement was at
-fever heat zvhile the combatants howled and yelled and the- crack <?/,
their revolvers affrighted the pedestrians wlio were so unfortunate
,as to be in the neighborhood. Fifty strikers, every one .' of them
yinncd and bent on murder, had followed five special police officers
around town, zvhile the Rev. Peter C. Yorke, under the chaperoning
zving of Andrczu Furuseth, zvas patrolling the water front to fer
suadc himself that murderous assaults, cowardly assassinations
and deadly rioting arc fictions in San Francisco.
The murderous strikers followed their victims for hours, and at.
Market and Kcarny streets assaulted them. The attacking force <?/}
murdcrous-minded men.numbered fifty, and their victims were five.
When the deadly battle, without parallel in the history of San Fran
cisco, or perhaps any other American metropolis, was over, three men
zeere dangerously zvounded and others zvere * being carried away
from the place. in order that their identity might not be revealed nor.
the character of tlieir zvounds made knozvn. .
When this extraordinary street battle began pandemonium
reigned. Affrighted citizens who' happened to be in the neighbor
hood rushed terror-stricken into dborzvays or any ; other convenient
place that promised safety. Police officers hurried to the spot, ambu*
lances zvcre summoned, the zvounded zvere carried away, and the stain
of a fearful outrage was upon the city. In the words of x the Rev %
-Peter C. Yorke," WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN"?
Are these the deeds zvhich the reverend gentleman urged th&
.strikers of San Francisco to do? Does this mean, in the words of the
- Rev. Peter C. Yorke, that it matters little what strikers may say, for,
the time for saying is past and that the only things that count are
deeds ? Is this terrible outrage, this extraordinary warfare, com
mitted in a civilized community in the blackness of the night, the di
rect result of the following dread words of the Rev. Peter C.
Yorke: "VIOLENCE IS TO BE REPROBATED WHEN THE
LA W PROTECTS YOU: BUT IF THE LA W. BE PERVERT-
Fifty pr More Strikers Shoot at Some
of Curtin's Men, Who Promptly
"Reply With Revolvers.
UNION TEAMSTERS OPEN
FIRE ON SPECIAL POLICE
ANARCHY AND INCENDIARISM TEACH THEIR DREAD LESSON AND DURING
DESPERATE NIGHT WARFARE BLOOD IN STREETS OF SAN FRANCISCO
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32Cardinal Men Show
Great Speed and
Clever TeamvWork
PLAY COMMENCES FOR THE SEASON
AT STANFORD AND AT BERKELEY
Dividend by Fruit Association.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 28.— The California
Cured Fruit Association declared a divi
dend of $150,000 this forenoon.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— In the matinee
of the Road Drivers' Association at Em
pire City track to-day, C. K. Billings
brown pacer Little Boy oroke the world's
reccrd. Accompanied by a runner an«l
driven by an amateur reinsman, F. G.
Jones of Memphis, in an effort to break
his own record of 2:03% to wagon, Little
Boy wen to the quarter In :31. the half in
1:00^4. the three-quarters In 1:31 and
passed the wire in 2:02.
Remarkable Record to Wagon.
Lester Reiff Under Suspicion.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— B. Corrlgan't I
Fancy Man, ridden by Waldo, won '
the Prince Edward handicap of 2000
sovereigns for three-year-olds and
upward. Kilmarneck II started a
hot favorite at 3 to 1 against.
The betting on Fancy Man was 100 to 9
against and on Royal George 100 to 3
against. Waldo landed the winner clev*
erly by a head.
Lech Doon (J. ReifT) won- the Palatia
handicap of 300 sovereigns for three-year
olds and upward, five furlongs.
Vanstella (L. Reiff) won the Saturday
handicap. . '
Game Chicken (L. Reiff) won the Mich
aelmas plate. Lester Reiff has been re
ported to the Jockey Club for alleged
suspicious riding of William C. Whitney's
De Lacy yesterday when that horse was
second to Richard Croker's Minnie Dee,
ridden by J. Reiff, In the race for the
New Barnes plate. De Lacy led to the
distance, when Minnie Dee challenged
and won by a head. The spectators
showed evidence of their disapproval ot
the result.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 28.— At the Gentle
men's Driving Club matinee for the bene
fit of the Odd Fellows' Home site fund
this afternoon the chief events were the
trotting of two Palo Alto colts for rec
ords. Monbells, the four-year-old eon of
Mendocino and the famous brood mare
Beautiful Bells, trotted in 2:23%. This is
Beautiful Bells' tenth colt in the list of
2:30 and better, and it is said places her
at the head of the world's list of produc
ers of standard bred trotters. Nazet, a
brother of the great Azote, was given a
record of 2:23. Beautiful Bells is 29 years
old.
Palo Alto Colts Given Records.
Fine Dining Car Service
On Shasta Route trains Nos. 15 and 13 of
the Southern Pacific Company, leavinjj
San Francisco in the evening, arrivlngr In
the morning, has been extended to- lncluda
entire trip south of Roseburg, Or.
The annual election of officers of th«
California Tennis Club held yesterday re
sulted in the following being chosen as
directors for the coming year: Werner
Stauf, Walter MacGavin, Harold CrowelL
Harry Haight, W. B. Collier, R. N. Whit
ney and Grant Smith. new directors
are Haight and Roberx N. Whitney, who
take the places of Davis and George
Whitney.
The election was spirited, and resulted
in the overthrow of the regular ticket
put up by the nominating committee. This
ticket was composed of Stauf, MacGavin.
Crowell, Haight, G. Whitney, Davis and
Dr. Phillip. The opposition ticket was aa
follows: Collier, Crowell, Haight, R.
Whitney and Smith.
Candidates Brought Forward by
the nominating Committee.
California Club Members Defeat xlio
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 28.—
Captain Fisher handed the following list
of freshmen candidates to the faculty
committee, to-day to be acted upon by
the combined faculty athletic committees
of Stanford and California in regard to
their eligibility to play in the freshmen
intercollegiate game on October 19: Smith,
Trowbrldge, Horan, Prentice, D. Moore,
Peetz, E. Boyles, B. M. Breeden, A. M.
Sylvia, Witzemann, H. M. Lewis. 1* D.
Lockwood. F. C. Wells, E. Hillman, J. C.
Taylor, C. Facker, T. B." Hunter, J. J.
Montzings, P. Dawson, W. S. Bonte, W.
H. Dole. A. H. Lett. W. J. Galbralth, H.
E. Bush, W. E. Crothers. R. C. Nissen,
F. M. Wilbur, H. E. McWethy, H. Shields.
N. K. Roosevelt, P. Tarpey, W. R. Tay
lor, W. E. Burk. T. Van Cycle, O. Kehr
leln, E. Stillman, D. Tarpey, S. C. Haver,
E. Kehrlein Jr., R. Austin, E. S. Eppley,
J. A. Sefton Jr., M. Bartell, Dinwoodls,
H. Grau, Haver and Doherty.
Freshman Team Candidates.
REGULAR TICKET LOSES
IN TENUIS CLUB ELECTIO2J
TORONTO. Ont.. Sept. 28.— At the Cres
cent Club to-night Mattie Matthews of
Brooklyn won from Ed Kennedy of Pitts
burg in the thirteenth round. .Kennedy
was put out after standing severe pun
ishment. • -
Mattie Matthews "Wins.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 28.— A fairly largs
crowd attended the opening races to-day
at Agricultural Park. The feature of the
card was the Los Angeles Derby, for 3
year-olds. at a mile and a quarter. SlS
horses were . scratched this afternoon,
leaving only four starters. Oscar Tolls
was made favorite, with Rey Dare second
choice. In an interesting finish. In which
Ruiz outrode. Ransom, Rey Dare won by a
neck.
The harness events aroused very>i
little enthusiasm. In the trotting race.
Neernut was made favorite In the pools
at 7 to 10 against the field, and took tha
first two heats in clever style. In the
third, however, he went up in the air in
the stretch, and Thomas R won easily-
The other two heats were easy for Thom
as R. El Diablo, the favorite, took the
pacing race in easy style In straight
heats. Toppy being a good 8ec ,°5 d U T£ a
2-year-old running race furnished the
most exciting finish of the day. Ransch
on Porous rode a strong race and landed
hla mount by a short nose. Weatehr fine,
track good. Results:
2:12 trotting, purse $S0O. three In live:
Thcmas R, by Iran Alto-Nutwood ....
(Bunch) J J J * *
Neernut (Mabon) 1 1 \ \ \
Santa Anita Star (Tucker) * 3 3 3 3
Richmond Chief (Jones) 3 dlst
Boydello^^,...^^^.^- dyrtanced
•2:12 pace, purse i~M, three In five:
El Diablo, by Diablo-Elwood (Farrar).. 1 1 1
Toppy (Whitehead) 2 ? :
Midnight (J. Donahue) ' J »
Our Boy's Sister (Bunch) } J J
Queen R (Ward) -••••; o » »
Time. 2:16. 2:13%. 2:loh.
Four and a half furlongs, selling:. two-ye*r
olds: '¦ - ¦
Porous. 110 fRansch). 6 to 5. 1
Sllva Cruz. 105 (Ransom). 3 to 2 and 1 to 2... I
Sol. 107 (Govln). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 »
Time, :57.
Torso Maid. Tacna and Perfection also ran.
Los Ansel"* Derby, mile and a quarter, three
year-olds, a cup and S4C0 added.
Rey Dare. 119 (RuU). even _. 1
Oscar Tolle, 122 (Ransom). 4 to » a
Grafter 119 (Ransch), 2V4 to 1 *
Time, 2: U&.
Little Edelweiss also ran.
Mile and fifty yards, selling.
Alicia. 109 (Ransch). 1 to 10 i .
Castake. 113 (Romero). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Lizzella. 1C9 (See). 3 to 1 and i to 5 3
Time. 1:47%.
Kastlne. Cue/ Torlbio and El Oriente also ran.
Five furlongs, selling-.
Finesse. 114 (Romero). 15 to 1 and 5 to I X
Game Warden, 103 (Burlingame), 15 to 1 and
5 to 1 '
Crutch, 114 (See). 5 to I and 2 to 1 3
Time. V.CZ\t.
For Freedom, Reina de Cuba, Albuquerque,
De Al Meago. Miss Dividend and Rio Colorado
also ran. m
Walcott's next opponent will be "Kid"
Carter, Articles of agreement were
signed by both men and they will con
test before the Twentieth Century Club
on Tuesday evening. October 15. They
will fight twenty rounds. This will be
their second meeting. Walcott lost - to
Carter on a foul after nineteen rounds
of heavy fighting. Carter will leave to
day for Ed Wilson's ranch, a mile above
Bolinas. He will train there and will
come to this city on the day of the fight.
"Walcott will train at Larkspur, where
he prepared for his match with Gardner.
Billy Madden is out with a challenge on
behalf of "Denver" Ed Martin, offering
to match him against Walcott. Martin
is the clever colored heavyweight who
acts as Ruhlln's sparring partner*
Tom O'Rourke attached Gardner's share
of the receipts. The struggle for the coin
will be fought out in the courts. O'Rourke
claims Gardner owes him more than J200o,
a debt contracted when the boxer was
under his management. Gardner must
have had an intimation of O'Rourke's in
tention as he had already assigned it to
his friend, Alex Greggains, '.before the
legal documents in the matter were served
on him. ¦
The attendance at the Pavilion on Fri
day night was the largest in many years.
According to the figures of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club It was a $7951 house.
The club's share was $3975 50 and the
same amount was apportioned to Walcott
and Gardner. The colored fighter re
ceived $2981 60 and Gardner took the los
er's end cf the purse, J9S3 90.
Both men were around town yes
terday none the worse for their en
counter. Nothing, in their personal
appearance would indicate that either
had been battered to any extent.
Gardner was disappointed in not win
ning and expressed a willingness to- fight
his dusky opponent again . for a side
bet of $1000. walcott, on the other hand,
was as jubilant as. a email boy with a
toy cannon. He said he was not dodging
challenges and was ready to take on the
next man. The contract between Walcott
and: his old macager. Torn O'Rourke, hav
ing expired, both men will go their re
spective ways. Waleott will be managed
by Young Aiitchell during his stay in this
city.
There was little fault found with the
decision of "Jack" "Welsh, who refereed
t-e Gardner- Walcott fight on Friday
night. A majority of the ring-goers were
satisfied that Walcott deserved a victory
and only the strongest Gardner adherents
thought differently. Some believed a
draw could have been declared, but as
a decision had to be given, it was a just
one.
Thomas R. Proves Best of
the Harne S3 Horse
Brigade.
Dusky Fighter and Gardner
Divide Big Gate Re
ceipts.
Captures the Derby by
a Neck From Oscar
Tolle.
Matched by Twentieth
Century Club for
Next Month.
REY DARE WINS
AT LOS ANGELES
CARTER TO MEET
WALCOTT AGAIN
BUFFALO. N. Y., Sept. 28.— The prin
cipal event I of the automobile races to
day was ihe ' two-mile 1 race ":. for ; steam
cars,. which 'was .won by Jones,-: Buffalo,
in straight heats; G. >W. Bunnell second,
C. A.; Benjamin. third. ¦
A Bottle'. of Evans' Ale .
Is a treat j to: your 'palate' and • your stomach.
Brewed at l the same place by, the same firm
for 115 years. Sherwood,&.Sherwood, Pacific
Coast Agents. ¦• . ••;'«
Eastern Football.
GALESBTJRG. 111.; Sept. 28.—Knox, SS: Iowa.
¦Wesleyan. 0.
"CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Sept. 28.—Harvard, 16;
Williams, 0.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Sept. M.—Notre Dame.
0; South Bend Athletics. 7. . ¦
LAFAYETTE, Ind., Sept. 28.—Purdue, 4;
Franklin, 0.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept. 28.—University of
Buffalo, 5; Columbia, 0.
CHAMPAIGN, 111., Sept. 58.—Illinois,' 38; En-
Erlewood, 0. • \ /.. 1
¦LAWRENCE. Kans., Sept. 21—Haskell In
dians. 18;, Kansas City Medics, 2.
¦At New Haven—Yale, 23: Trinity, 0.
- At Philadelphia—Pennsylvania, 23; Lehigh. 0.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The ' indoor
cycling season at Madison Square Garden
ended to-night. Jimmy Michael . rode a
five-mile" exhibition, paced; and broke all
previous Indoor paced records from three
to five miles. y . . , .
Mile professional handicap was won by
Floyd Grebs, Newark; Major Taylor sec
ond, W. Bardgett third, James Boyler
fourth. Time. 1:56.. r - - ;¦ . :¦
Twenty-five-mile professional lap race —
Won' by Frank Kramer, F. A. McFarland
second. Major Taylor j third, • Otto Maya
fourth. Time; 67:52 4-5,' a new indoor rec
ord. - :- .-. r. - ¦ . v.. .::..•
B.OSTON, Sept. ,28.— The season, at the
Cycle Records Continue to Fall.
Excursion Rates for Episcopalians.
Southern Pacific sells low rate excursion
tickets all over the State to Episcopalians
and accompanying friends, i Inquire 613
Market street. . •. ¦ ¦
One mile, handicap— Irate won, Favorita sec
ond, Marengo third. Time, 1:43%.
Three-quarters of a mile — Harry Thatcher
won, Espirando second, Glenoma third. Time.
1:17. ' - •
Philadelphia 8 4 0
Batteries— Dowllngr and Connor; Wlltse and
Powers.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 28.— Detroit bunched hits
In the sixth Inning; and won the last g-ame of
the season from Baltimore to-day. The game
was called at the end. of the seventh inning
on. account of rain. Attendance, 1360. Score:
R. H. 'E.
Baltimore 2 . 4 • 5
Detroit ;5 10 ¦ 0
Battcriea— McGinnity end Bresnahan; iUHer
and McAllister.
BOSTON. Sept. 28.— Boston finished the sea
son to-day, by defeating Milwaukee In two
poorly played games. Daring base running,
coupled with some timely hits In the secpnd
inning of the first game, clinched the victory
for Boston. The second game was called at
the end of the seventh Inning on account of
darkness. Attendance. 6400. Score:
First game- R. H.\ E.
Boston ; v '.. r 9 3
Milwaukee 3 7 4
Batteries— Winters, Schreck and Slattery:
Hastings and Money.
Second game— . . R. - 'H. E.
Boston '..i... ....10 •' 11- 4
Milwaukee.. ;.'.". 9 . 6 2
Batteries— VoIm and Bchreck; Relay and
King. .'-: : .. ., , t .v "v •*•¦>*>•.,. •• ':-,- •*.'.. ¦.- ;.-: .
SALEM, Or.. Sept.' 2S.— Results: ' f
Pacing, 8:11 class— Freddy C won. Myrtha
Whips second, Altne third. Best time, 2:14%.
Trotting, 2:15 class— Lady Alfred won, Kitty
Caution - second, Arkota third. Best time
2:22%.
Harness Races.
Revere cycle track closed : to-night. • The
chief event was a one-hour motor-paced
race between- Harry Elkes -and Bobby
Walthour. Elkes.won by eight and a half
laps, covering 37 miles 3^ j laps.
Team Work Uncertain. .
Berkeley relied on the kicking of Its
quarterback, More, to gain ground. It
could make but. little advance through Re
liance's line. Mini and Duden being the
only men of the blue and gold team to
make any impression there. The team
play ¦ was too loose and too uncertain to
have any marked effect. - '-¦ - '
Rodolph of Reliance tried Kaarsburg's
famous kangaroo jump, going over the
center several times for good gains. ,,
Contrary to expectations, there were
senting University of California
and Stanford University were played yes
terday, jj At Berkeley the opposing teams
were those of University of California and
the Reliance Athletic Club team. Neither
team was able to score. :-. '
The game attracted a large attendance
of students. They cheered the college
eleven in all their successful efforts at
gaining ground. A large and enthusiastic
crowd of rooters practiced 'on their favor
ite yells under the direction of leaders
who handled them as skillfully as the
Jeader of an orchestra controls his men
with his baton. The college band en
livened the occasion with its melody, ren
dering several. marches and quicksteps.
• The field has been, carefully prepared
and is surrounded with a new fence. A
large uncovered stand provides seats for
a. thousand spectators, and bleachers of
a like capacity will also be erected.
The game was an unusually fast one for
the first of the year. There was an ab
sence of concerted team work, which was
to be expected owing to the short time
In which the men have been playing to
gether. Manager "Pete" Smith of Re
liance Club sent his men Into the field in
good condition, and their showing was a
creditable one. . - ¦ ,•'.".
Reliance's favorite play, and. one on
which Its gains were made, was against
the guards and tackles. The Berkeley
"backs" acted their part well, but could
not play the whole game. ..
THE first of the series of footbal/
games which will lead by easy
stages to the great game early in
November between elevens repre-
The officials were: Referee, Percy Hall;
umpire, Paul Snowden; timekeepers, J. H.
Harrison and E. J. Brown; linesmen, Zan
and.Symmes.
Gendottl... ....Center.'. ;.. Percy
Overall R.— G.— L "Weiss
Braly and Stow R. — T. — L Atkinson
"Womble R-— E.— L v Donaldson
More & L. Decoto.... Quarter.... Rodolph & Platt
Whipple & Sherman.. L.— H.— R Dlnsmore
Mini and Bishop. .....R.—H.—L Varney
Duden and .Kelcey....Full... .McNevln & Rodolph
Some changes were made In the team
in the »second half. For Reliance. Ro
dolph went from quarter to fullback, re
lieving McNevln. Platt took Rodolph's
place. For Berkeley, Bishop succeeded
Mini at. right halfback, Sherman suc
ceeded Whipple at left halfback, Kelcey
replaced Duden at fullback, while L. De
coto played quarter; Stow went to rteht
tackle and O'Toole to leftguard. The line
up of the teams follows:
¦ Berkeley. 'Position. ' Reliance.
Dibble. L.— E.— R Ahem
Albertson L.— T.— R Hamilton
Stow and O'Toole L.— G.— R Ersklne
Changes Are Made.
few men Injured and none so seriously as
to retire them from the game. In the sec
ond half fresh men were substituted,
chiefly for practice. The day was entirely
too warm from the players' point of
view.
Rodolph kicked off for Reliance upon
the opening of proceedings. Fortune fa
vored each side at times. Reliance making
Its game by mass plays on guard and
tackle. When it lost the ball to the Berke
ley men the latteiV depended chiefly -on
kicking for advancing. _
The nearest to a score was at the end
of the first half, when Berkeley had the
ball on Reliance's six-yard line. Having
failed by one yard of making the neces
sary five-yard gain, it lost the ball, which
was then kicked in^p midfleld.
Shortly before the end of the half, Re
liance was penalized ten yards for an off
side play by Hamilton, v/ho started be
fore the ball was put in play.
The features of the second half were a
fifty-yard kick by Stow and a thirty-yard
punt by Rodolph on the third "down' for
Reliance. The ball was fumbled by Dib
ble, but was recovered. ¦•
Blue and Gold Eleven Engages in;a Tie
Game With the Reliance Team.
PLAYS AND PLAYERS CAUGHT WITH THE CAMERA AT BERKELEY
•WHEN THE COLLEGE ELEVEN MET RELIANCE IN THEIR FIRST
FOOTBALL GAME OF THEiSEASON.
"Dave" Brown, Stanford, '97, acted as
umpire, Prescott of the Olympic Club offi
ciating as referee. Several of Prescott's
decisions were questionable. Twenty
minute halves were played. The teams
lined up as^follows:
Stanford. ; \ Positions. Olympics.
Hanverman ....Center Powers
Barnheisel ....R— Guard— L.Cadwallader (c)
Thompson L— Guard— R Plunkett
McFadden 2
Dole 5 R— Tackle— L ....Clay
Traegrer L— Tackle— R Davis
Cooper \
Kuhn , <R— End— L..... ..Allen
Boren {
Sefton. ...', J L— End— R ........Parker
Raitt Quarter ...Smedburg
Smith I- ¦ . •
Allen. ~ $ R— Half— L Gammon
Fisher (capt.).... i
Hill JL— Half— R Smith
Parker ( . :
Slaker, MFullback ;... Cutter
Smith made three yards around left end
and Cutter kicked thirty yards to Raitt.
Hill made the longest run ¦ of the game
at this time, thirty-five yards around
right end. Smith failed to gain, Slaker
bucked for a. two-yard gain and Hill re
peated , his action around right: end - for
ten. yards more. . Hill's playing at this
stage of the game was the best of the af
ternoon. He carried the ball over the line
for a touchdown and Traeger kicked the
goal. Score: Stanford 6. Olympic 0. .
Cadwallader then kicked off to Hill, who
ran twenty yards. Hill kicked to Gam
man, who was tackled by Traeger. Oiym
plc lost on downs and Hill kicked to
Olympic's- ten yard line "Locomotive"
Smith gained three yards on a straight
buck. The cardinal held and Cutter was
forced to kick. Both teams were penal
ized ten yards for off-side play. Cutter
kicked to Raitt and Hill returned soon
after with a forty-yard kick to Smith,
who was' tackled by Sefton. Umpire
Brown blew his whistle and the game
ended.
Cadwallader opened the second half for
the Olympics with a kick-off to Smith,
who ran the ball in ten yards. Hill, who
took Captain Fisher's place, kicked fifty
yards to "Locomotive" Smith, who. was
downed by Sefton, who replaced Boren at
left end. after a run of ten yards. Smith
In passing the ball back to Gammon lost
three yards, as Gammon was tackled in
his tracks.
especially grood. "Locomotive'- Smith was
the Olympic star; Gammon and Clay also
did good work. Cutter's kicking was a
feature of the game,' his longest punt be
ing a free kick of seventy yards from the
Olympic's twenty-flve-yard line. The
heaviness of the clubmen's line was prob
ably responsible for the score being no
larger than it was. The ball was in
Olympic territory most of the time.
Stanford won the toss. Traeger kicked
off to Gutter, who ran the ball in nearly
forty yards and then fumbled it, Boren,
Stanford's left end, falling on the ball.
End runs by Smith and Fisher netted
Stanford twenty yards. "Fluffy" Trae
ger tried a place kick for goal from the
twenty-flve-yard line, but it failed by a
small margin. This gave the clubmen a
free kick from the twenty-flve-yard line.
Cutter's good right foot hit the ball
squarely and it landed on Stanford's flf
teen-yard-line. a punt of seventy yards,
the longest of the game. Fisher kicked
back, after Slaker's fumble and- recover,
and. Olympic lost to the cardinal on
downs shortly after. Barnheisel' s good
work against big Cadwallader was par
ticularly noticeable toward the end of the
half. Fisher and Cutter exchanged punts
and the first half ended without a score.
Sixth race, seven furlonrs, selling — TJterp
won. Marlon* Lynch second, Elsie Barnes third.
Timff. 1:28%: *¦• 1 ' , .. v :
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Lunar won.
Prosper La Gal second, Schnell Laufer third.
Time. 1:48.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Dominis
won, Reffer second, Ellis third. Time, 1:29'4-
Thlrd 1 race, mile, selling— Syncopated Sandy
won. Deloralne second, Sir RoIIa third. Time.
1:41%.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs— Jake
Weber won. Sara Lazarus second. Kindred
third. Time, 1:21%.
First race, seven furlonzs, selling— Metoxen
won, Robert W second, The Thrush third.
Time. 1:27U-
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28. — Delmar results:
Sixth race. seven furlongs — Curtsy' won
Prince Plausible second, Our Lizzie third.
Time, l:30»4.
Seventh race, seven furlongs— Floretta won,
Lemuel second. Concertina third. Time, 1:33.
Fourth race, steeplechase, two and a half
miles— Abingdon won. Gallahad second. Jim
Lisle third. Time, 6:C6V4.
Fifth race, one mile— Lizzie A won. Ramiro
II second, Woodtrice third. Time. 1:46.
Third race, mile and an eighth— Kastoma
won. John B. Ruskln second. Bell Court third.
Time, 1 :58.
Second race, five - furlongs — Circus Girl won
J. Patrick second. Miss Graft third. Time,!
1:05%. ." •
First race, five and a half furlongs— Lady
Kent won. ficorpia second. Midnight Chimes
third. Time, 1:O9V4. '
Seventh race, mile and fifty yards— Georpe
Arnold won. Cambrian second. Flying Torpedo
third. Time, 1:44. ' . ; . . .
TORONTO, Sept. 28.— Closing day. Sum
mary: ¦ . ,...'. ¦ ¦ ¦ •
Sixth race, mile and a' sixteenth— Kentucky
Babe won. Mies Soak second. Ben Chance third
Time, 1:47%. * - - -» •. •
Second race, mile— McChesney won, Lucien
Appleby second. Mollie T third. 'Time 1:40%
Third race, steeplechase, short course—Flac
cus won. Corrillo second, Captain Conover
third. Time, 2:54%. . ,
Fourth race, the Speculation stakes, mlie
and an eighth— Argregor won. Pink Coat sec
ond. Star Chamber third. Tinie, 1:52%.
Fifth race, six-, furlongs— Moneymuss won
W. J. Deboe second. The .Pride third. Time!
1*13* ¦ -
First race, six and a half furlongs— Huzzah
r2& Bra SS second, Pyrrho third. Time.
1:20%. . . • ._
CHICAGO," Sept. 28.— Hawthorne results
Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth— Roxane
won. Lee King second, Little Daisy third. Time
1:4S 3-5. - • „ •
Sixth race,, five and a half furlongs— Ignator
won, Ronaldo -second, Caughnawaga third.
Time, 1:07. -
.Fourth race, the Occidental handicap, mile
and a furlong— Herbert won. Advance Guard
second, 'The Regent third. Time. 1:53.
Fifth race, the Third Special, about six fur
longs—Endurance by Right won, Heno second
Time. 1 :08 3-5. Only two starters/ ...
Third race, the Flatland stakes, J2000. selling
five furlongs— Lady Holyrod won. Eddie Busch
second, Francesco -third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
First race, about six furlongs, selling— Stuart
won, Connie second. Satire third. Time, 1:10 1-5.
Second race, mile and seventy yards — The
Rhymer won, McAddle second, Smoke third
Time, 1:44 «-5. . /
NEW YORK, Sept. 2S.— Gravesend summary
Endurance by Right Beats Heno.
Second round— Red Rock beat Wild Tralee.
6-2 r Charta beat Fontenoy, 7-5; Fannie Hughie
beat Prompto, 5-1; Hay Hempstead beat;- King
Cotton, 7-4; General Dewet beat O'Hara, 15-13;
Ruby Sankey beat Miss 1 Wilson, 6-0; Achilles
beat Slim, 5-4; Fine Form beat Aeneas,' 10-4;
First Foot beat Bonnie Pasha, 12-9; Leola. beat
Pickpocket, 6-5; Loyal Lad beat Lear r King,
13-6; Spiteful beat Liberator, 5-0; Coronado, a
bye; Herschel's Pride beat Dreadnaucht, 5-2.
Open stake, first round— George Nethercotfs
Red Rock beat T. Murnane's Bonus, 6-6; T.
J. -Croirin's Wild Tralee beat E. Geary's Roy
Hughie, 17-12; Star Kennels' Fontenoy beat F.
S. Price's Brutus, 3-2; A. R. Curtis' Charta
beat M. -Neaian's Agamemnon, 10-6; P. M.
Clarkson's Prompto beat W. C. Glasson's Sleigh
Bells. 6-3; E. Geary's Fannie Hughie beat H.
Lynch's Game Cork, 6-2; J. M. Halton's May
Hempstead beat Ed Neave's -Strayaway. 8-6;
A. R. Curtis' King Cotton beat H. Perigo's
Controller, 4-2; P. Tlernan's General Dewet
beat E. Geary's Fair Oaks, 26-14; O. Zahl's
O'Hara beat. P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel,
S-4; O- Zalil's Miss Wilson beaf J. J. Keenan's
Lundin Links, 9-7; E. Gearys Ruby Sankey
beat G. McKenna's Patriot. 17-10; M. Nealon's
Achilles beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple, 9-4; M.
R. Parkinson's Ben Lomond beat Jelf Marti
netts blim, 6-1; D. J. Heal«y's Fine Form
beat Ed Nea\e's Talk to'Me, 9-7; M. Xealon's
Aeneas beat Pasha Kennels' Flyaway. 15-9; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Star Kennels'
Blackhead. 2-1; Ed Neave's First Foot beat
Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy, 3-0; L.' F. Bar
tels' Best Bargain beat P. M. Clarkson's
Sofala, C-0; E. Geary's Minnie Sankey beat W.
C. Glasson's Master Workman. -5-3; A.R. Cur
tis' Leola beat Chiarlni Bros.' White Hat, 7-3;
Star Kennels' Pickpocket beat PAsha Kennels*
Roman ' Athlete. 9-7; A. Vanderwhlte's . Lear.
King: beat George Sharman's Bowery Boy. 6-3;
A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad beat J. Willis" Half
Moon. 23-3; P. Doyle's Liberator* beat J: Willis"
Shadow, 21-15; Ed Neave's Spiteful beat P.
Tiernan's General Botha, 19-12; P. J. Reilly'B
Royal Union, beat A. Vander white's Flora Mc-
Donald, 1S-7; J. A. Klein's Coronado beat Chi
arlni Bros.' Boney Boy, 7-1; J. J. Keenan's
Dreadnaught beat Pasha Kennels' For Free
dom. 12-S; Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride beat
T. J. Cronin's Kiilarney, 6-3.
The results of yesterday's coursing with
Judge John Grace's official scores follow:
The change of name from Rowena to
Leola proved lucky to A. R. Curtis' Fet
ter Free-Cash youngster. With 8 to 1
quoted against her chances, the clever
little one took the decision from Chiarlni
Bros.* good performer, White Hat.
Great interest is manifested in the out
come of the Junior Chajnpion stake to be
decided to-day. Tame Tralee is stake fa
vorite, at 4 to 1; Cold Shivers, which
meets him in the first round, is at 5 to 1;
Aeolus, Lord Beaconsfield, Freeze Out and
Tralee Boy are at 6 to L The special
open stake. which Is part of to-day's pro
gramme has a full card of ' champions.
Kector and Vandal are choice, at 4 to 1;
Luxor, Ireland, Flying Fox and Dewdrop,
6 to 1, while Black Jbiush is well backed
at 6 to L-' ¦
The calling out of the relief dogs was
one of the features of the first rounds of
yesterday's open stake at Union Cours
ing Park. In seven^ of the courses the
gTeyhounds were in pursuit when the
two-minute time limit was up.
Union Coursing Park Offers
. Card of High Class
Sport.
Fast Youngster Is the
Ghoice in Junior
Event.
TAME TRALEE
STAKE FAVORITE
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 28.— The American
League season ended Jn this city to-day with
two games between Cleveland and Philadelphia.
The home team won both, the second game be
. Ing called at the end of the first half ot the
' eJxth Inning. Attendance, £7001 The scores:
First game— R. H. E.
Cleveland 9 13 5
Philadelphia 12 14 e
' ' Batteries— Crjetall and Wood; Bernhard and
. Powers.
- Second game — r. h. E
Cleveland ........ .........'...,. t .1 . \; j
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Clubs- Won. Lost. Per Ct.
. Chicago ••-•.............. 83 K3 cin
Boston .1.7.7. 79 C7 - ?i?
'Detroit 7i 61 mJ
.Philadelphia 74 « .54
Baltimore 6$ fi3 511
"Washington 61 72 "«i
Cleveland.... "! l\ £ -%g
•Milwaukee 4S 8 J iSo
EASTEBN BASEBALL GAMES,
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Clubs- ' Won. Lost. Per Ct.
Pittsburgh 85 45 kj
Philadelphia 77 66 .ESO
Brooklyn 76 E8 h67
St. Louis 71 61 .537
Eoston .-. 67 "67 .505
£ew York 62 79 #397
hic feo k 62 S4 .382
Cincinnati « 80 g^
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 28.-In the ninth inning,
with two out and two on bases, Joyce "filed"
to center. Thomas fell as he started for the
ball and two men ecored, first tleing and then
¦winning the came. Attendance, H00. Score:
R. IL E.
St. Lou!* e o «
Philadelphia 4 8 0
Batteries— SudhofE and Heyden; Donahue and
Douglass. Umpire— Dwyer.
CHICAGO. Sept. 28.-Chicago's batting vru
timely and New York's errors costly to-day.
Attendance, 3200. Score: '
R- -H. E.
Chicago 5 10 0
New York 2 9 j
Batteries— Menefee and Kahoe: Hlckman
? Pnyle end Warner. Umplre-ODay. ±llcIcman '
AB. R. BH. EB. PO. A. E.
Hohler, 2b 4 0 0 0 5 3 1
Hanloa, lb. 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Strelb. rf. .4- 0 1 1 1 0 0
Eagan, s. e 4 1 2 2 3 6 0
Moskiinan, cf. 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Lohmaa. c. ......... 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
Dunleavy. Sb ,. 3 0 1 0 1 10
ArreUanes, If. ..... 3 0 0 0 10 0
Johnson, p. 3 0 0 0 0 8 1
Totals SI 1 4 3 24 16 2
SACRAMENTO. '.'¦
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devere&'cx. s. a SO 0 10 3 0
Flood, 2b 8 0 0 0 4 4 0
Eheehan. 2b. ........ 4 0 2 0 12 0
Hoffer. rf. 3 2 0 0 3 0 0
Doylo, cf 4 1 2 13 0 0
McLaughlln, If. ....3 2 0 10 0 0
Davis,. lb ; 2 1 2 0 10 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 10 6 0 0
McNeely. p. 3 0.000.0 0
Totals..... 29 6 7 ~3 27 . ~9 ~0
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits .. ....0 10 0 10 2 0 -0 1
Sacramento 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 . 2 . •— 6
Base hits 0 0 1 3 0 1 0 2 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 4 McNeely 1
Two-base hit— Stanley. First base on errors-^
Sacramento 1. First base on called balls— Off
Johnson 6. Left on bases— Oakland 3, Sacra
mento E. Struck out— By Johnson 1, by Mc-
Neely 3. Wild pitch— Johnson. Time of game—
1:50. Umpire — Levy. Scorer— Rutherford
OAKLAND.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 28.— Sacramento won
the third game of the week's series from. Oak
land by a score of 6 to 1. It was essentially
a pitchers' battle between Johnson and Mc-
Neely. with the latter head and shoulders over
Johnson in his work. Score: »
Senators "Win From Oakland.
Rons responsible for— Jones 1, Whalen 1. Two
base hits— Nordyke. Wilson, Pabst. Sacrifice hit
— Schwartz. First base on errors — San Francisco
2, Los Angeles 3. First base on called balls-
San Francisco 3. Los Angeles 4. Left on bases
—San Francisco 7, Los Angeles 9. Struck out
—By Whalen S. by Jones 3. Hit by. pitcher—
Spies. Time of game-1 hour and 40 minutes.
Tjmrire— Lou Hardie. Official scorer— H. S.
McFarlia.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 •— 3
Ba*e hits l 1 0 0\l 2 1 1 •— 7
Los Angeles 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0—4
Totals.. ..22 1 4 - l'24 8' 2
•Batted for Kelly !n ninth innine.
••Batted for Jones In ninth Inning 1 . . ¦ ¦•
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS. !
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doug-herty, r. f 5 1 10 1 0 0
Reitz. 2b 4 0 10 2 2 2
Hen-phlll. 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Householder, c f... i 0 10 30 ft
Kihm, lb 3 010 8 0 0
C. Reilly, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Kelly, eg ..2 0 0 '¦' . 1 ¦.*% 3 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 -0 6 10
Jones, p 3 -0 0 0-0 1- 0
"Hall 1 0 .0.0 0 0 0
••Athertoa .. 10-0:0* ".0 ¦•- .0
Totals 30 S 7 0 27 14 S
LOS AXGELES.
v ___ . AB - R " BH - SB - P°' A- E.
Xordrke. r. I 3 12 0 10 0
Wilson, c 4.1-1 0 5 2 0
Hildebrand, X. f 3 1 0 0 0 0 0
Schwartz, r. t 3 0 0 0 " 0 0 "0
Pabct, lb 4 0 1 0 11 0 1
Knir, 2b 4 0 3 0 0 4 0
Shay, ss 4 0 0 0 44 1
J. Rellly, Sb 2 0 0 0 4' 1
Whalen. p 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
6AN FRANCISCO.
Both twirlers were in good form and
¦were accorded fair support. "Chimmie"
behaved himself life a -little Lord Faun
tleroy. though Hardie was mean at times.
Kihm's catch of Wilson's hard drive be
tween first and second In the seventh was
ope of ths greatest ever made on the
grounds. The score:
The ..Dutch made their first two runs in
the sixth round. ' Nordyke got a base on
balls and went to third on Wilson's two
bagger. Hlldebrand hit a high infleld fly.
which Reitz, through overconridence,
missed, and the sacks were full. The
fans cheered themselves hoarse when
Pabst hit a short fly along the right field
line. Dougherty failed to field it in time,
and both Wilson and Xordvke scored,
amid the great cheering of. one of the
largest Saturday crowds of the season..
Once more the bell sounded in honor of
the Wasps In the eighth round. Hilde
brand got a free ticket, went to second on
Schwartz's sacrifice and completed the
circuit on Krug's hit— "Heine's" third safe
drive during the. game. i
Like the two previous days, I>os Angeles'
started off in a great nutter, which they
were unable to maintain. Dougherty be
gan the game with a clean hit, went to
third on Reitz's single and ambled over
the home plate on Hemphill's hard drive,
which forced "Oriole" Reitz at second.
This ended the run-getting for the Angels.
Only one more hit was made off Wbalen
during the remainder of the contest. The
I>utch did little better.
As the pennant race progresses and the
games wax fast and furious it begins to
look as though Horley's redlegs will find
the German aggregation a stumbling
block in their way. Yesterday afternoon
at Recreation Park Los Angeles failed to
connect safely with "Chlmmie" Whalen's
curves and shoots, and as a consequence
only made on© single tally, while the men
who bear the standard of Uncle. Hank
made three trips. Reltz's error of Hilde
brand's infield fly In the sixth, coupled
with Dougherty's failure to go after
Pabst's drive along the right lield line,
proved the undoing of the sluggers from
the land of sunshine.
Kihm Makes a Great Catch,
Robbing Wilson of a
Hit.
Whalen Is at His Best
and Puzzles South
ern Stickers.
WASPS CAPTURE
THE THIRD ME
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
BERKLEY
RELEVANCE
ENTER THE GRIDIRON GIANTS
STANFORD
OLYMPIC
Stanford's teamwork undoubtedly won
the game— the eleven playing together as
one man. It could hardly be said that
any 'man on the cardinal starred above
the others— every one played hard, con-,,
sistent football— but the work of Hill,
Raitt, Treager, -Barnheisel and Sefton was
game was exceedingly hard
fought from the kick-oft* in the first half
till the final whistle blew.
STANFORD/ UNIVERSITY, Sept.
28.— THe Stanford eleven ¦ defeated
the Olympic football team this af
ternoon by a score of 6—0. The
24
I Glare Afflicted Mee
I Quickly and Permanently
I y^ 0 Oldest, largest and best
P /0^^^^^^\ equipped Medical Institute and
|" /i^^^^^^m\ most extensive practice. Found-
§; / 'Wgsjff: v< \ et^ T^ r - Consultation free at
*^^ '^ip'f^f e ave Dec ome famous by
% \/h* x»ca curing the following ailments:
£ \ / Lost Vitalltv Unnatural Losses
% \ i^^^^W / Nervous Debility Premature Decay
3 \ >4\ pl«^ / Special Diseases Stricture, Rupture
§ \^m^2s^^^^my ' Blood Poison Varicocele. Tumors
§ ' >v\^">^. \ \\/ Kidney and Diseases of the
g N^ V^>*^ Bladder Disease Heart and Lungs
S PaV Whpfl ClirPrl DR - MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit
« ray vviieii tutcu tne rrlce cf a cure in any bank ln g.^ Franc^ 1
O to be paid after he la entirely well. If It Is not convenient to do this payments
0 may be made monthly. • ¦
g HOMc CURES— FREE BOOK
S -We can cure you at home. Although It Is preferable t» see the patient In
m many instances, it Is not always necessary.. If you cannot call, write for Dri-
ft vate book, dlagnosts sheet, free advice, prices and other particulars Corrp
8 spondence solicited. All letters confidential. . " ,¦
I 7^1 Market Street elevator T7*V~*
8 -§ \3% Inui nyl JI1&VI9 ENTRANCE. Sundo »»-» toll.
§ 3<l« FWUC/SCO. Evenings— 7 to 8.FOUR DISTINGUISHED BISHOPS OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH WHO
.WILL, TAKE PART IN THE GENERAL. CONVENTION THAT CON
VENES Next Wednesday at trinity church.
Start October 3 or 4 and return in December.
Full particulars regarding Pan-American Ex
cursion tickets, which coet only $St for the
round trip, at tha Santa Fe office, 641 Market
**^*** -- .... - ".
Best Time of Year to Go East
Overture, "Preclosa".. "Web^r
Themes from "La Mascotte". ...;...Audran
"Beyond the ! Gates of Paradise".. King
Selection, "L'Afrlcaine" Meyerbeer
"Soldiers' Chorus" from "Faust" ;...... Gounod
Suit, "Egyptian Ballet". ;:...:..:..~..TT...Luiginl
Waltz, "Recits D* Amour". i.Waldtuefel
Descriptive,! "A Burlesque Fantasle"...Kappey
March. "Creole Belles" J. B. La rope
Music at the Park.
The following programme* will be ren
dered to-day by the band in Golden Gats
Park: •
Patriotic sons, "Queen of. Old Columbia"
......'. Mrs. J. L. Thorp
J. Rischmulllr, master of the German
shin Erato, filed, a Mibel yesterday-in the
United State District Court against the
vessel named to recover $336 48, alleged to
be the balance due him for salary. 2 per
cent commission on grcs3 freight, and for
advances made by him. ... •» ,•;
Libel for Wages.
Dr. W. P. Hicks of 105 Larkln street
filed a complaint yesterday In which he
alleges that his partner. Dr. William G.
Mizner. has not lived, up to the copartner
ship agreement under which they were
practicing, and prays the court to issue
a restraining order preventing Mizner
from taking possession of the office ¦ on
Larkin street until such time as the suit
Is decided. • ¦¦ > -
Dr. Hicks alleges that he is the owner
of the office fixtures, books and instru
ments at 105 Larkin street, and that he
took Dr. Mizner into partnership in May,
1900, with the understanding that he was
to share In the profits of the business, and
that if he wished to purchase any of the
furnishings of the office he could obtain
them at cost price. They continued In
partnership until September of this year,*
when Dr. Hicks determined to carry on
the business alone.
He notified Dr. Mizner of his determi
nation, and asked him for money which
he alleges Mizner owed him. Mizner,
Hicks further alleges, did not take to the
separation plan kindly, but took forcible
possession of the office and refused to
allow him to enter therein, and threatened
personal violence.
JudRe Dunne issued the temporary re
straining order and assigned the -case to
Judge Kerrigan.
Met Death in the Bay.
The body of Theodore Nessier. a laborer
who disappeared about a month ago. was
found floating In the bay near Section 3
of the Seawall yesterday. Decedent's
pockets were filled with rocks, and it is
supposed he committed suicide.
"I go first to Ban Francisco," said
Borchsenius, "to appear before the/courts
there, and when I am no longer wanted
there shall continue on to "Washington,
wh;re I shall be this, winter. I have a
numeber of. documents which I shall
place before the Department of Justice
touching Judicial affairs and conditions at
Nome, 1 shall make a fight for rein
statement as clerk at the District Court
there, and believe that I shall easily es
tablish, that whatever! did as clerk of
the court at Nome was right and accord
ing lo law.
"As to the differences with Judge Noyes
that finally resulted in my discharge, i
do not care to. say much in view ot my
early appearance before the court in
which his case is to be heard. 1 bear no
animus. I look for some remarkable de
velopments as the trial' proceeds.
¦ "Ihere is one thing £ would like to' say
that will correct a wrong and hurtful im
pression that .was given out by some of
the Nome papers just.' before i left. At
the time 1 was so unceremoniously retired
by the court there 1 had in my possession
some $r.i,00Q- belonging to the Government
which I kept in a safety deposit box.
Steel, the new clerk named a3 my succes
sor, had applied to. some, of .. the . surety
companies for a guarantee bond, ami be
fore the application had been passed upon
and decided by those authorized to do so,
I was averse to permitting the Govern
ment's money to go out of my possession.
I therefore refused to turn it over on re
quest. Judge Wickersham came on, and
1 applied to him for an order which would
relieve me of the burden. . The court, af
tef considering, decided to make the or
der, so It was at my own earnest request
the matter was settled as it. was, and not
that I was forced to disgorge Government
money." ' ¦• -
SEATTLE, Sept. 28.— George V. Borch
senlus of Madison, "Wls., formerly clerk of
the United States District Court at Nome,
Alaska, under Judge Noyes, is here on his
way to San Francisco. Borchsenius has
been cited to appear before United States
Commissioner Heacoek to give testimony
on the 7th of October. The hearing in the
trial of Judge Noyes comes on before the
court there on October 14.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
what is placed before him. Things are .
made much ' more pleasant by this plan
than they ordinarily would be and It helps
to pass. the time that must lie heavy on
the prisoner's handsr As the gentlemen
sit about the table at the meal hours they
are served with the various courses by
the Chinese prisoner cook, who is pressed
are quite pretentiously furnished, as be
comes a roan of taste. There are two
rooms, one of which he uses as a recep
tion- room and another for sleep. Upon
the walls of each are Interesting pictures
imported to relieve the blank effect cf
these always dismal parts of a Jail. There
are draperies and portieres and curtains
to cover up* the barred windows and doors
and the whole effect is to rob the apart
ments of the appearance of a jail. New
furniture and carpets have replaced tha
old and Judge Dubose's visitors are in
vited to sit in large upholstered chairs fit
only for a drawing room or parlor.
Judge Dubose makes the best of his lot
under the circumstances and presents a
cheerful countenance to all whom n«
meets. The jailers say he Is a model pris
oner. -* ¦ . : ,
Judge Noyes' Former
Clerk Hints at De
velopments. > \
EX- JUDGE DUBOSE OF NOME, CONFINED IN THE ALAMEDA JAIL
AS A FEDERAL PRISONER, IS ENJOYING ALL THE LUXURIES
THAT HELP TO MAKE LIFE PLEASANT.
Bishop Leonard is now building a cathe
dral which will be one of the most splen-
PARTNERS IN MEDICINE
HAVE A FALLING OUT
Right Rev. William Andrew Leonard,
Bishop of Ohio, is regarded as one of the
greatest Bishops in the church, though
one of the youngest. His career has been
one of continued success. At one time as
sistant of Holy Trinity, Brooklyn, he was
next rector of the Church of the Holy Re
deemer in the same city. He then suc
ceeded to the charge of the venerable St.
John's parish of Washington, D. C. the
church attended by all Presidents who
were Episcopalians from the time Wash
ington became the canital of the nation.
Called to, the see of Ohio, he took hold of
diocesan affairs with vigor and has made
one of the strongest Episcopal jurisdic
tions inthe court with a long list of united
Clergy and a splendid record of practical
achievement.
Bishop P. T. Rowe of Alaska, accompa
nied by his wife, is stopping at the
Occidental Hotel. • The Bishop has earned
an enviable record for his work in the
north.
Bishop Holly of Haiti is also at the Oc
cidental Hotel, and speaks in enthusias
tic terms of the growth of the Episcopal
church in his far-off diocese. Judge An
drews of Syracuse, X. Y.. and H. M.
North of Columbus, Ohio, are prominent
in the council of the church, to which
they come as delegates and deputies.
In the proceedings of the convention,
the Bishops of Ohio. Vermont and South
ern Ohio will take prominent parts.
' In an interview yesterday«Mr. Thomas,
In discussing the growth o£» newspapers
in America, said: "While I value very
highly the influence of the press, and have
done all in my power to aid its develop
ment and advancement I deprecate
strongly the license that has lately been
seen in certain Quarters."
Deprecates License of Press.
Bishop Whitaker and his wife went to
Piedmont to visit friends, while Banker
Thomas and the rest of the party took
rooms at the Palace Hotel.
hospitals, schools, homes and general
charities in that city. He is also the repre
sentative of the Board of Missions for
the Sunday-school Lenten offerings, in
which capacity he travels to every quar
ter of the United States.
This work has now been revived. Mrs.
Hearst has given $5000 toward the fund,
but It was decided to raise an- additional
$10,000. The committee- will begin work
at once. ¦
The contribution from California for the
National University was tlxed at $10,000.
A committee appointed four years ago,
Just before the outbreak of the Spanish
war, began its duties, only to be inter
rupted by other labors for the good of the
country. v- . -.¦ .•
Miss Sarah D. Hamlln, chairman for Cali
fornia: Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, honorary chair
man: Mrs. Wlllard B. Harrington, Mrs. John
F. Merrill. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn. Mrs. Lou I*
Sloss, Miss Anna Beaver. Miss Mary Kohl,
vice chairmen: Mrs. Warren Gregory, record
ing secretary: Mrs. Horace Wilson, correspond
ing secretary: Mlss\Jessie Pelxotto, treasurer.
The executive committee, which directly
represents the association, is composed of
the following women, all of whom were
present: • M-
Mrs. Ilearft. Mrs. C. T. Mills. Mrs. E. B.
Pond, Mrs. Will • Crocker, Mrs. Louis . Sloss,
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. J. B. Stetson, Mrs.
F. G. Sanborn, Mrs. Warren Gregory, Mrs.
Chsrles Wheeler, Mrs. A. B. Butler. Mrs. Dr.
Charlotte Blake Brown. Mrs. Louis Gorstle,
Mrs. P. N. Lilientnal. Mrs. Frank Symmes.
Mrs. "A. t«. Bancroft. Mrs. James F. Reid, Mrs.
Kate Bulkeley. Mrs. Charles W. Slack. Mrs.
James Denman. Mrs. W; B. Bourne. Mrs. J.
G. Lemmon and Mrs. Edwin Breyfogle.
A number of prominent women gathered
yesterday at the home of Mrs. John F.
Merrill to revive the work in the interest
of the Washington Memorial -University.
Among those who attended the meeting
were:
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY
WORK IS AGAIN STARTED
Bishop Potter is expected to arrive to
morrow and the party of church digni
taries accompanying j. Pierpont Morgan
will arrive on Tuesday. On the same day
a special train carrying the Pennsylvania
delegation is scheduled to arrive, together
with the delegates from Kentucky.
The delegations from New England will
arrive Tuesday via Portland on two spe
cial trains, with the delegations from the
Northwest. A special train from Missouri
will also arrive on Tuesday.
Among the delegates who arrived last
evening were Rev. John Usborne from
Honolulu, Rev. Henry D. Ames of Hous
ton, Tex., and Rev. Dr. Samuel C. Hart
of Middletown, Conn.
Information was received last evening
that a large number of clerical and lay
delegates to the convention would stay
over at'Salt Lake City to-day in order to
be entertained by Bishop Leonard of
Utah.
Bishop Vincent is a graduate of Yale
and the divinity school of Berkeley, and
after a successful career as a clergyman
was elevated to his present see in 1888.
Owing to the physical disability of Bishop
Jagger, Bishop Vincent has complete ju
risdiction over the affairs of the diocese,
of which Cincinnati is the see city.
Bisrop Vincent is one of the most elo-
Right Rev. Boyd Vincent, coadjutor
Bishop of Southern Ohio, belongs to a
militant family, whether in the church or
in the less peaceful military profession.
He is a brother of General Strong
Vincent, who was killed at Gettysburg,
and another brother is the celebrated
Bishop Vincent of the Methodist Episco
pal church.
Belongs to Militant Family.
Right Rev. Arthur Crawshay Alliston
Hall, Bishop of Vermont, is a native of
England. Born In 1847, he is one of the
greatest enthusiasm among his clergy and
people. Owing to excessive labor Bishop
Jagger became physically Incapacitated
and was compelled to surrender control of
all temporal affairs to his coadjutor, Bish
op Vincent.
did ecclesiastical edifices in the United
States and will cost $1,000,000.
• Career of Prominent Bishop.
The members of the Riggers' and. Steve
dores' Union yesterday adopted the fol
lowing resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the late Stewart Menzlcs: : .
, Whereas, We learn with deep reeret of ths
death of Stewart Menzles, one of our warmest
friends and San Francisco's foremost citizens,
arriving m this city while it was still In its
infancv,' being then in the morning of man
hood, and by his energy and unswerving In
dustry he grew up v.'ith the queen city and
Justly earned the respect and -admiration of
all who knew him: and
Whereas. By the death ot Stewart Menzies
the riggers anil stevedores have lost one of
their best friends; therefore be It ;
Resolved, That we hereby convey our sincere
sympathy to his bereaved family.- ami this as
sociation In special se ssion assembled, has r?
solved that all Its members shall meet at their
hall, S2 O'Farrell street, this Sunday, Septem
ber 29, at 12 o'clock, for the purpose of at
tending: his runeral: and be It further
Resolved,. That a copy of these resolutions
be spread on the minutes. •;:• , ;.y
Citizsn.
P.espsct to Late Well-Known
Riggsrs and Stevedores Pay Fitting
TRIBUTE TO MEMORY
- OP STEWART ' MENZIES
Every article of food that goes to Judge
Dufcose is purchased in the markets in
the neighborhood of the jail. The butch
er, the baker and the candlestick maker
all' dance attendance upon his orders.- The
best of meats and the best 'of all other
staples are delivered daily to the distin
guished.inmate of the. County Jail. Judge
Dubose dines at a ' palatial board and
cares nothing for the bills. It 13 said that
the distinguished inmate's butcher pre
sents a weekly bill that would simpiy
astound an Oakland housewife, and it
amounts to more by far than what it
costs the Government to maintain a sin
gle ordlnarv prisoner for a month.
Of course, this does not mean that
Judge Dubose has such an enormous ap
petite that he can outeat three men or
that he dines always alone. He frequent
ly ha3 for company Sheriff Rogers and
the jailers under him to help consume
Entertains the Sheriff.
Judge Dubose chose to reside In the
Alameda County Jail because it has the
reputation of being the most cleanly an-1
comfortable and homelike in the whole
State of California. 0 It beats San Fran
cisco's dingy County Jail all to pieces for
wholesomeness, lisht. air and view. It is
conveniently situated with respect to the
metropolis and is easy of access to attor
neys who wartt to break into it to talk to
their clients. All Federal prisoners choose
it when they are sentenced to abide with
in a limited space for a certain period of
time, and there is never any occasion
when several of these are not spending
some of their days there.. It has con
tained many illustrious prisoners.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.-A11 the com
forts of home belong to ex-Judge
Dudley Dubose, the Nome attor
ney, who is serving a sentence of
six months in the Alameda Coun
ty Jail for contempt of court for advis
ing a client against a court order. Al
though he Is a prisoner. Judge Dubose
spurns the prisoner's fare, and lives a
captive prince. Money he spends with
the delightful prodigality that his own
private wealth permits and the best in
the land is his. While the other prisoners
are subsisting on stew and like humblo
victuals and spending their days and
nights in barred cells \he distinguished
prisoner from the ice fields of Alaska
dines upon nothing but ,what would be
likely to tickle the palate • of the most
high and revels in ease In apartments fit
for a king.
Rev. Dr. H.-'Ln Duhring Is superintend
ent of the Philadelphia Protestant Episco
pal City Mission, and has charge of the
Bishop Whitaker is one of; the /promi
nent men of the Episcopal church. He is
the Fifth Bishop of the Diocese of Penn
sylvania, and way formerly: Missionary
Bishop of Nevada and Arizona. He
founded the church school for girls in
Reno, Nevada. Appointed Assistant
Bishop in 1SS6, he became "Bishop in the
following year. In 1883 he had charge of
the American church missions in Cuba.
George C Thomas is one of the princes
of finance of the United States, and is a
partner of J. Pierpont Morgan, the mil
lionalre, who is speeding Westward to at
tend the Episcopal convention. . Mr.
Thomas is head of tne banking house of
Drexel & Co. of Philadelphia, which is
affiliated with the house of J, P. Morgan
& Co. of New York. He is one of the
deputies of the Diocese. of Pennsylvania,
and is serving his sixth term in that ca
pacity. He is treasurer of the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society, and is
trustee of th<? invested funds of the Dio
t-ese of Pennsylvania. ¦ ¦ ' :.
The president's car of the Philadelphia
and Reading Railroad was utilized to
bring Bishop Whitaker, Mrs. Whitaker,
Rev. Dr. Duhring. Mrs.: Thomas Neilsen,
Banker Thomas and his niece. Miss Moor
head, to San FYancisco.
Prominent among those who arrived
yesterday were the Right Rev. Ozl
William Whitakcr. Bishop of Pennsylva
nia; Right Rev. P. T. Rowe, Bishop
of Alaska; Right Rev. J. Holly, Bishop"
of Haiti; Rev. Dr. H. L. Duhrlng o£
Philadelphia; Judge Charles Andrews of
Syracuse. X. Y.; H. M. Xorth of Colum
bus, Ohio, and George C. Thomas, the
millionaire banker and railroad magnate
of Philadelphia.
. -¦«opal Church Convention arrived
in the city yesterday, and , to-morrow and
Tuesday will witness the gathering in San
Fror.ciFco of the men who control the af
fairs of the church in. America-
5OME of the distinguished prelates,
ministers and laymen who will
take part in the proceedings of
the forthcoming Protestant Epis-
CASE IS FULL
OF SENSATIONS
After the conclusion of the lecture bev
eral musical numbers, vocal and instru
mental, brought the evening's entercain
ment to an end.
Continuing, Father Shahan analyzed
the conditions existing in Ireland at the
time Robert Emmet came into the
world's affairs and eloquently told of the
patriot's. work as a man and a benefactor
for all his people. The lecture was in
teresting and provoked much applause.
It gives me great pleasure to speak to you
tot one of God's noblemen, the Irishman tcob
ert Emmet. Robert Emmet died for his poun
try. That is his title to fame and gratitude.
Robert Emmet - died for Ireland.
When the Mayer did sit down some one
in the gallery asked for three cheers for
Father Yorke. They followed at once.
Then somebody suggested three cheers for
th Mayor, and the other side of the house
came in line. That was the end of the dis
turbance, and the scheduled work of the
evening went on.
Father Shahan began his lecture as fol
lows: -
This he did, but those more than two
rows away from the stage were unable to
hear him on at count of the mingling of<
plaudits and the sibilant outbursts. The
Mayor fought it out.' He referred to Irish
politeness, appealed to the citizens of San
Francisco to give a ¦ proper and cordial
greeting to the lecturer, mentioned the
name of Robert Emmet and finally ended
by saying he would not leave the platform
until he had asked for at least a show of
respect to the guest of the. evening. But
very few heard even this short speech, for
the confusion was great.
The unusual position in which he was
placed brought a strange look of discom
fiture to the Mayor's face. He was for sit
ting down and allowing the storm' to pass
o%'er his head, but his friends on the stage
bade him go on and finish.
When Mayor Phelan stepped to the
front of the platform- he -was greete-1
with a round of applause, but running
through this demonstration of good will
was a sustained wave of hissing. The
Mayor attempted to speak. The hissing
continued, growing in intensity everv sec
ond. Thenkhe hall became divided, and
between the plaudits and the hissing the
Mayor's efforts at speech-making were
submerged. ...... ; . „ .
Archb!3hop ltiordan was prograrmne.l
for the opening . remarks. His Grace
came to the hall fully Intending ¦ to oili-'
ciate, but being seized with illness before
leaving his carriage he returned to his
home. Father Crowley introduced the
Mayor as the master -of ceremonies, ex
pressing regret and sorrow at the indis
position of Archbishop Riordan.
Mayor James D. Phelan,- taking the
place of Archbishop Riordan, was the
mark for recurrent hissing and hooting
last night at the reception given to the
Rev. JJv. Shahan at Metropolitan Hall.
Father Shahan delivered a lecture on
Robert Emmet, and as a testimonial of
respect and esteem the Ancient Order of
Hibernians tendered a formal receptioa
to the noted prlest'and teacher. On the
stage were university professors, noted
lay citizens and prominent prelates. The
large auditorium was packed to the
doors. f \ :
The Mayor of San Francisco ex
perienced the sensation last night o!
being hissed and hooted by a largo
crowd that gathered to hear a lecture
by the Rev. Father Shahan on Robert
Emmet and to do the lecturer honor.
So great was the disorder in the hnll
where the lecture took place that thts
remarks of Mayor Phelan, who was to
preside, were inaudible, save to those
on the stage and the people directly
in front of him.
Stormy Scene the Prelude to
Lecture by Reverend
Dr. Shahan.
Bishop Hall will address the Women's
Auxiliary, Brotherhood of St. Andrew,
and the missionary board. He will also
be heard at the cathedral mission.
Right Rev. Thomas Augustus Jagger.
Bishop of Southern Ohio, was consecrated
in 1875. succeeding the celebrated Bishop
Mcllvaine. Upon entering on his duties
he labored incessantly to bring the church
to a metropolitan position among other
dioceses, and succeeded in arousing the
A celibate Bishop, once a priest of the
order of "Cowley Fathers," he is now one
of the fathers of the church. An advanced
high churchman, he is as popular in his
staid low church diocese as he is without.
An Oxford graduate, he is a scholar of
wide attainments.
younger American prelates. Around the
Bishop of Vermont much of the personal
interest of the convention will center.
Takes the Archbishop's
Place as Master of
Ceremonies. .
MAYOR HISSED
AT RECEPTION
OF HIBERNIANS
Nome Ex-Judg3 Lives in Princely, Style^ in Alameda Jail and Enter
tains Visitors and Sheriff, Markets Furnishing the Finest of
Food, While! New Furniture Rep'aces Old in His Apartments
WALLS OF PRISON SHUT IN DUBOSE,
BUT DO NOT SHUT LUXURIES OUT
EPISCOPAL PRELATES AND LAYMEN
GATHERING FOR GREAT CONFERENCE
Bishop Whitaker of Pennsylvania and Banker George C. Thomas
of Philadelphia Arrive With Distinguished Party in Special Car.
Leaders From A'aska, Haiti and Hawaii Reach Convention City
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER '29, 1901.
into service in behalf of Uncle Sam'3
prisoner. *
Many people who have had the pleasure!
of doing a service for Judge Dubose have
had an opportunity to appreciate his
bounty, for he is not of an inquiring mind
and is not particular about the exact dol
lars and cents of a bill that may be pre
sented. He dispenses cigars with a reck
less liberality and boxes that once con-,
tained the weeds make a respectable pll»
in his apartments.
Judge Dubose's apartments in the jail
25
Prot L«borde f 8 Weqderfal French Preparation
"CALTKOS"
Restores Lost EVZanhood.
5BAY8 1 TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mail.
No C. O. D. or DEPOSIT SCHEME.
"CALTHOS" is put before yon on iti meriti
alone. Try it end put it to tbe tost. Try It l-'ree.
" 'Itiere is do *<-ci.rjty required — no C. O. D. scheme.
Send us your nrtme and arMrcce, and we will tend
" yon enough "CALTUOH" to Ixst five days. It
will be ifBt In a «raird package liy inr.tl.
In the quiet cf y cur home you can try it and Fee
tt'bat it due i".
All rorreEpoadence relating to the C.lLTIIOs
£tps.rtn;ent of our buEioms is etrictlr confidential.
We seitlier publieh nor furtmh teetimnntftU.
The mtrrelom French rrnie«!jr "CAL.T1IOS.* 1
recently introduced in thie country by tbe Von SloliI
Co . of Cincinnati. Ohio, ono of tbe largrat. nrbret
cad most reepousible rtusisera firms in tbe UinK-d
Btfttee, hue attn.ctcJ the sttrDtion of the entire
medical profession bcc&unc cf the wonderful turn
It bat oflectcd. II you suffer from Lott Mauhood,
Vancocrle. Weakness of any nature in tin Sexual
Orcana or Xfnw, (do matter bow canned ), or if tba
paxu ere undeveloped cr litre ehrunkca or wanej
*.*ray "CAI/THO*" will rotor* you.
"CALTHOJ*" in a French discoTery by Prof.
Jclea Lauorde, famed in Paris as 1 rsncr'e foremost
Ijy —I » I iff .
*• CALTROS ?* ie the only remedy recopr fzed by
Iberafdical profp«fion ui epecific cure for *-eak men.
«CALTHOH'f hat the endorsement cf fie Ger.
tfitn and French Governments. >nd in largely "ited in
r'.h* standing arctics of tliofce countries.
Address applications for trial treatment to
The VON MOKL CO., 735 &
JXiTgeel Importer! or StanUara _...'. . _
. «¦*«•»!»•«**» a. o.u-% ciNCtNtfAU.OHiG-
I ft.
i ristppy ivisn. •
. You can see what far-reaching power is poured into
;' bodv from Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt bv reading
s letter:
Strmach and Liver Trouble and Rkesmatism Cared.
Hengy, Cal.. Aug. 5, 1901.
Mclaughlin',
Dear Sir: — Last December I purchased one of your high-grade bclta, hav-
sufCered previously for three years, and doctored with various good phy-
ins,' but ine trea:men:s which they gave me only seemed to aggravate my
litton. I suffered from intestinal indigestion and liver complaint, and my
en was very much enlarged from the chronic malarial poisoning In my
em. The collections of years In my stomach and abdomen were so great
o produce convulsions. I also suffered from rheumatism of both legs,
r the first app'ication of your wonderful belt I began to improve. It com-
ely removed the convulsions to which I had been subjected, and In two
tbs I was entirely cured. It has row been two months since I wore
r belt, and there has not been the slightest return of the trouble. I take
sure, in recommending your belt as being worth a trial. Yours very
y. ; CHRIS. BRANDT.
You wear it while you sleep. It gives a glowing
J warmth — no burning, as in old style belts — and invigor-
l ates every organ. It cures all nervous and chronic ail-
. | ments. CV.~ ,
1 p«pp Tpcf I .want every sufferer from Sciatica. Rheumatism
| Fee I cat Lame Back, Kidney or Bladder Troubles. Genera
|1 RrkCkl'- Nervous or Vital Weakness, Indigestion, etc.. to test
|i ice DvJUri. mv Belt free at my office. If you can't call, send fot
BB my book about it, free. Inclose this ad.
¦ dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 702 M 'ti\ft^- 0Mty '
M . Office Hours— 8 a. nj. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to t yLast Pan-American excursion, Southern
Pacific short and scenic line, October 3
and 4. $87 round trip. Ask nearest agent
or 613 Market street.
Last Days for Buffalo.
The Mexican- colony of San Franciscb
honored Consul Alexander K. ; Coney last
night with a. ball- at -Native Sons' Hall.
The floor, was crowded and the dancing
continued until after midnight. Light re
freshments were served during the even
ing.
Honor. Mexican Consul.
•NAPLES, Sept. 28.-Prince Galtro-Co
lonna, the husband of John W. Mackay's
daughter. Is named as the co-respondent
in a divorce case now being heard in court
here. The petitioner for the divorce is
the Duke Avarna, the Italian Minister at
Athens. His wife, .the respondent," was
the Princess Dolgorouki, a niece of the
Princess. Yourlevski, the morganatic wife
of Czar Alexander III. 1 The Duchess
Avarna filed 'a cross-complaint, making
counter-charges of bo serious a nature
that the court decided to try the, case in
the seclusion of the "chambers" in order
to minimize the scandal. It Is believed
that the Princess Colonna will, now seek
a legal separation from her husband, even
though religious scruples may deter I her.
from appealing to the courts for a disso
lution of the' marriage ties. -: -
Special cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1901. by the Herald Pub
lishlne Company. ¦¦¦:. .
Duke of Avarna Makes
Him Co-Respondent
in Divorce Suit.
Immediately after, the 6hobting Captain
Wittman and a strong posse of officers ar
rived on . the scene. . They . found Bogan
standing over his fallen comrade, revolver
in hand, and threatening to kill the first
man who molested 'him. -..¦.'
"They won't get. me, captain," he re
marked. "We gave them a good battle,
and I think we .won."
As soon as the patrol wagon arrived
Beehler was placed in it and at once re
moved to the Receiving. Hospital. .' •
Crowd Jeers Wounded Man.
As J; Byrne, one of the victims, lay
wounded on Geary street, a' large crowd
of strikers and their sympathizers gath
ered around him and laughed at his suf
ferings.
"It serves him right." remarked one of
the gang.. "He will know better in the
future.". . ,
Police Officer Douglass, who overheard
the brutal: remark, promptly felled the
man who made it with his club.
Thinking that Boyne was dying Doug
lass summoned a hack and asked tho
driver to take the victim to the Receiving
Hospital.
"I can't do it," was the unmerciful
answer of the • hackman, ; "you don't
want me to get beaten- to death."
As he 1 drove away another hackman
appeared and also refused to obeys the
command of the police officers" to take tho
wounded man to the hospital. ¦ ' '.
"He is only a scab." remarked the
Jehu, "and deserved all ho got.
Eackmen Refuse to Carry Special.
"It would be worth my life to carry
him away, ' said the driver. "The strik-
A few minutes later Captain Wittman
asked still another hack driver to take
the men to the hospital, but was met with
the same refusal.
SCANDAL CLOAKS
PRINCE COLONNA
Joe Gayner. a laborer employed by the
Lumber Association, was attacked by a
gang of strikers at .Third % and Sherwood
streets at 2:30 o'clock this, morning and
shot in the hip. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where the bullet was
extracted. ? • :' , .
Shot; by Strikers.
Fuller, the messenger boy, was follow
ing, the gang of strikers . when he was
shot.
Wlssel was found by the police in a
lodging house on Third street, near Mis
sion. He was wounded in the knee. • .
After being shot. Miller walked to Third
and Mission. streets, where he was met by
several strikers, who, after learning that
he was fatally injured, advised him to go
to the Receiving Hospital. He at first re
fused, but finally allowed his friends to
place him in a hack and have him driven
to that institution. ¦
An examination showed that the bullet
Had entered Miller's left breast.
Among those of the attacking party
wounded was William Miller, a striking
teamster.
. Miller Fatally Shot.
An examination disclosed the fact that
Boyne was suffering from an ugly, scalp
wound, inflicted, presumably, with the
butt end of a revolver. '.
As the wagon left the scene .the. brutal
crowd iset up a cry of "Scab" and VYou
got what you were looking for." .- \
"Realizing that -further parleying would
be. fruitless. Captain Wittman ordered the
hackman to drive away, after 'roiifndly
criticizing him for his cowardice. A few
minutes later the patrol wagon drove up
and Boyne was placed in it and hurriedly
driven. to the hospital;:
ers would lay -for 'me, and my body, per
haps riddled, with ; bullets," would occupy
a slab in the Morgue." . .*..¦ /\
Californians in New York.
JCEW "YORK, Sept. 28.— The following
Californians are In New Tork: From San
Francisco— J. T. Bell at the Cosmopolitan;
P. F. Ferguson at the Victoria; /E. P.
Johnson. Miss L. Kelloug at the Holland:
M. Martin and wife at the Vendome; Mrs.
Ashburner. Mrs. E. R. Belknap at the
Murray Hill; T. E. Ryan at the Imperial;
G. F. Shields at the Westminster: O. B.
Wight a.t the Park Avenue. From Los
Angeles — A. F. Leichman at the Imperial;
J. P. Norton at the Grand Union; G. I*.
Hardison at the Marlborough; O. B.
Smith at the Astor. From San Rafael—
J. E. Hayden *U the Imperial.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day and reg
istered: At the Raleigh., L. J. Borie. Mr.
and Mrs. Madison; at the Arlington, R.
C. Haas: at the Ebbitt. F. P. Cole and
wife. Miss- N. F. Cole> Miss W. Morton.
W. H. Aiken and wife. Miss E. W. Bald
win; at the Shoreham, Charles Frlck,
Miss Charlotte Frick.. all of San Fran
cisco. • '• — •--•- --..•.-.._. .:-,i i
The Cleveland is one of the six protected
cruisers authorized by an act of Con
gress approved March 3. 1S99. ;-J
At a few minutes before noon the chris
tening party, including Miss Ruth Hanna,
Senators Hanna. Frye and Hale and Con
gressman Ldtilefield. mounted the plat
form at the bow of the cruiser. Almost at
the stroke of noon Miss Hanna. with a
daintily mounted silver hatchet, cut the
cords, and, as the big craft began to
move, broke a bottle of American cham
pagne over the bow. christening thfl
cruiser "Cleveland." Whistles and bells
paluted the vessel as she touched the
water.
BATH, Me., Sept. 28.— The United States
cruiser Cleveland was launched to-day, at
the Bath Iron Works.
Successful Launching at
Bath of the Cruiser
Cleveland.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 28.— William
Land was nominated, without op
position by the Republican conven
tion to-night for Mayor of Sacra
y.>i mento. . His name was presented to
the convention by. John C. Ing, president
of the Board of Trustees, .who had up to
to-night been considered an aspirant for
the mayoralty nomination Himself. Sec
onding speeches were made by Frank' D.
Ryan; Sta.te Commissioner of Public
Works; Robert T. Devlin; State Senator,
and Fred W. Carey. There were no other
nominations. Mr. Land, who has once
served a term as Mayor of : Sacramento,
promised to give the city an economic ad
ministration. ..¦
The convention nominated the following
City Trustees: First Ward, Dr.- F. F. Teb
bets (Incumbent); Third .. Ward, C. W.
Paine (Incumbent): '•¦••Fifth,- Ward, 8. H.
Farley: fc Seventh Ward. Albert Elkus;
Ninth \\Tird. John H. Dolan (incumbent).
Th'e cc| ventlon nominated Ed McEwen,
William \Petrie, Howard K. Johnson and
E. E. Panabakcr for School Directors
from the Second, Fourth," Sixth and
Eighth wards, respectively; J. D. Young
was nominated' for Auditor and Assessoi,
A. L. Frost for City Treasurer. S. Luke
Howe for City Attorney and Charles Rob-'
ertson for City Collector.
Mayor Land, indorsed the platform,
which bound him . to the carrying out of
many municipal Improvements and the
enforcement of the ordinance against the
poolrooms. The latter clause was insert
ed In anticipation ¦ of George II. Clark
conducting his independent campaign for
another term as Mayor on the claim that
he closed the poolrooms.
As the Democrats will soon meet and
place a candidate In the field the coming
fight will be a four-cornered one, with
Land as the regular Republican candi
date. Clark as an Independent candidate
and General L. Tozer as the candidate of
the Municipal League. Clark, contrary to
the expectations of some weeks ago, made
no attempt to secure a nomination at the
hands, of ..t.o-nlght's. . Republican conven-
Former Executive of Sacramento Is Nomi
nated Without Opposition at the Munici
pal Convention Held in the Capital City
UNCLE SAM ADDS
TO NAVAL FORE
Of the party of specials who made such
a pallant stand agrainst superior odds.
none made a better fight than W. F. Raw
ley, a young sailor formerly on the U. S.
"S. Raleigh. He was unarmed, but used
Application was made to Sam Caldwell,
•who bas a coupe on the north side of
Geary street, near Kearny, to take one
of the Injured specials to the Receiving
Hospital. Caldwell. when he ascertained
that the man he was asked to carry was
not a union man. refused to do so.
While Officer Tillman attempted to pro
tect hie charges when the flrsl shots were
fired, some of the Ftrlkprs tried' to throw
him down. . but one, more murderously
Inclined than the rest, deliberately point
ed a pistol at his head, and fired at phort
range. The ball passed close to TiUman's
car, but he downed the man who fired
the shot and turned him over to another
officer. Ti'.lman went to the City Prison
as soon as he could Ket away from the
scene of conflict -to identify his would-be
assassin.
When the police arrived on the scene
they found the wounded and dying lylnB
In all directions. Some were on Third, on
Geary, on Morton and on Kearny street.
Patrol wagons and ambulances . were
called for and the wounded and prisoners
removed, Captain Wittman directing af
fairs.
Fires at Tillman.
strikers scattered In all directions. carry-
Ing their wounded with them. But the
rapidity with which the policemen arrived
prevented the escape of many of them.
Some wanted to continue the work of
taking the wounded off. but .the clubs of
the police officers descended on their
heads and the strikers and wounded were
sent to the hospital or the Hall of Jus
tice.
REPUBLICANS NAME
LAND FOR MAYOR
his fists with' telling effect. H. F. Beehler
¦was formerly a member of Company E.
Thlrty-flfth United States Volunteers. The
.qthers have been employed as, special offi
cers since the strike commenced.
As soon as the police arrived they ar
rested four striking teamsters, all "of
whom were heavily armed. At the City
Prison they pave their' names as William
Dugan.. Peter Johnson, Lawrence Smith'
and William Tate. and were charged with
carrying concealed weapons. They were
afterward identified as tho men who had
followed the specials from the theater.
Officer Bogan's Story.
"¦\Ve were 'forced to use our revolvers
In defense of our lives," said Special Of
ficer Began, when giving his version of
tho shooting. "Beehler, who was Bhot in
th^ leg. and myself had attended the per
formance at the Thalia and as we were
about leaving we were met by the other
specials who were engaged in the battle.
As we walked down Market street we
noticed several strikers following us, but
we paid little attention to them, not
thinking that they Intended to harm us.
After passing Fifth street about llfty
strikers appeared and with the others
started to follow us. I realized that they
meant to 'do* us and, turning to my com
rades I told them to be on tho alert.
"As we hurried alongr Market street the
gang • continued after us, making threat
ening remarks and jeering at us. As we
turned Into Kearny street the strikers
opened fire. We promptly drew our re
volvers nnd Joined in the fusillade. Beehler
fell after the first volley was fired by the
strikers, but notwithstanding that he was
seriously wounded he continued to pump
lead Into the "gang. The strikers, not
withstanding their superior numbers, left
the scene, evidently convinced that they
had enough."
Continued Prom Page' Twenty-Three.
ANARCHY AN D INCENDIARISM
TEACH THEIR DREAD LESSON
THE SAN jyFR^NCIS
26
Tho workof the police Judge is fine art
.'Its a poor genealogrlcal . tree that bears
no dates. " '•¦'•••'.•¦.- ¦¦» •'..,..., •...>;, j-..,-.-.-
' , Benjamin ;S.\. Fides, >a. stockbroker '65
years old,- committed, suicide at his 'resi
dence, 2322 Mission street,; shortly; after
midnight - by shooting himself ; with a re
volver. ¦ Despondency is I supposed to have
lead . to the : rash act. ' He leaves no rela
tives > In ; this city. !ftt?ESJBM5B •••->.'¦ ¦**
; Broker Commits 1 Suicide.
>; Early, Black was acquitted of the charge
of assault to murder by Judge Cabanlss
yesterday. ; He and William Fulmer were
employed at the stables of. Daniel Cutter,
and on August 23 Fulmer was dangerous
ly wounded by Black while the latter was
handling a shotgun, i. Fulmor was able i to
be in court yesterday and' testified triat
he never had any quarrel with Black and
could -not' believe that he had shot him
maliciously. Black declared' that 'It was
purely an accident. . , . ., . .
Shot Fired Accidentally.
. The ' children -'from ' the mission sang
"God Save the ¦ King/' :.;and •• then . in
strange contrast, there was a wild, fan
tastic dance and' exhibitions of wild and.
reckless riding. The Duke and Duchess
were greatly Interested, in the Indians.
The Duke and Duchess were entertained
at luncheon at the barracka of the mount
ed police, after which they went to Vic
toria Park and witnessed rough riding by
cowboys, pony-breaking • and lassoing of
steers. ' ; .
The royal special left Calgary : shortly
after 4 o'clock, and great crowds gathered
at the station, to ¦ offer farewell cheers.
Banff was reached at 8 o'clock and, the
halt for the night was made; there. -
At the park mounted troops, drawn up,
were reviewed by the Duke, who then
presented service medals to 107 men who
served' In the South African war. Later
the royal 'party rode to Shaganappae
Point, where the tepees of . 2500 : Indians,
gathered from all over the< territory to
greet the son of , their great chief , were
pitched. The Dominion Indian regulations
were relaxed for the occasion, and those
who desired were allowed to wear paint
and feathers of the olden war. times. Be
sides the chiefs and squaws were many
boys and girls from the Indian • mission
schools. Directed by Commissioner Laird,
the chiefs presented a beautifully worded
address. The chiefs renewed the old pledge
.of peace. . ¦
CALGARY, N..W. T., Sept. 28.-The
Duke, and Duchess of Cornwall were en
tertained to-day by Indians, cowboys and
mounted police, who pictured Northwest
ern frontier life before them, with all pos
sible dash and color* and' they count the
experience one of the -most interesting of
their Canadian tour. Their train arrived
here shortly before' 10 o'clock, and a dele
gation of city officials and citizens es
corted the party through crowded streets
to Victoria Park., ;
The Royal Visitors View
Wild West Scenes
at Calgary.
INDIANS GREET
DUKE OF YORK
tion, althoush M has always been a party
man. •.?¦ ,- <
WILLIAM LAND, NOMINATED
BY THE REPUBLICANS FOR
* MAYOR OF SACRAMENTO.
CITY 0 - F #H|"AK!b
Dry Goods Company.
¦I i rviit^ifH^ T3> I F^
!—»• £ 1 V.-^ SHj k^. 1 M-—J •
NEW ARRIVALS.
FINE IMPORTED LINGERIE Gowns, Petti-
coats, Chemise and Drawers.
"AT HOME" GARMENTS.
GH01GE Matinees and Negligees, made in
the newest designs of the most fashion-
able materials, including the elegant
I^ r Crepe de Chine, Silk Lumineux and the
popular soft silk weaves.
"CITY OF PARIS" CORSETS.
LATEST PARISIAN MODELS.
SEE OUR CORNER WIN DO IV.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stoolrton Streets, San Franoisoo.
UNION SQUARE.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Week Sun-
Daya. days.
8:S0a. 8:0Oa.
1:43 p. 10:00 a.
4:15 F. 11:30a.
1:15 P.
ru*.8a
TfcirtOOc— . «
San Fran.
. . RAICWAY TRAVEL
THE SHORT LINi
RATE TO
Buffklo
Exposition
$87-
ROUND TRIP
¦-r'0" ; !? « — .via— ,i.<™ "^V^
Union Pacific.
3X DAYS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK.
(4 Hours Ahead of All Competitors.
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST 6ZR7XCJ9 .
SPECIAL.
Personally Conducted Tourist Excursion
leaves 8an Francisco at 8 a, ra... Sacramenta
at 11:55 a. m.. October 4th.
TICKETS ON SALE
OCTOBER 3d and 4th.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Af«nt, '
, ..' -.., 1 Montromery st.. 8. T.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. m
\V«k Sun- nHOS***-.-*..* & ]£*
fu*,8urnM<mteSaBaUu<lB«tm.ll.Mk j
TfcirtOOc— . Kl MAJUf.IT STOSET ui gjiCaiUIO rMJtT.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
_ Steamers leave BroadwiT
* Wharf. San Pr&ndaco:
K*Kii For Alaskan ports— 11 *. ra-
tsgSft&H^ Eept. U. IS. U. 23 Oct. ».
»^<SSS*» Change to company** iteam-
»2ri»JvKa er8 at Seattle - m
V§»JQM^A<I F 01 " Victoria. Vancouver (B.
jH3k*Vj>W»4 1 C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
, /* B * !^»X22iRSj Tacoma, Everett and N«»
if- "Whatcora (Wash.)— U «. m..
'^l Bept 13, 18, 13. W. Oct. 1
~' Chang* at Seattle for thl*
company** Bteamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Vaa-
"ForVureka^Hu^'boWt Bay)-1:» p. m.. Sept.
14. 19. U. 1% Oct. 4. • •
For 8an Diego. «toppin«; onlT at Santa Bar-
bara Port Lo» Angele* and.Redondo (Los An-
eelea)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.:
steamer StaU of CalUornU. Wedaeidays. j
*>«•* Los Anrelea. calling at Santa Cnu.
Monterey. Pan Simeon, Cayucoa. Port Harfori
(San Luis Obiapo). Gavtota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and •Newport (•Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuet-
For Ensenada, Mardalena Bay. San Jos« d>t
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Roaalt*
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
folders. JL^i
- The company leserTes th« rtght to ehanff*
Ftfamen, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. :..-'.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montromery
•tr«et (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Frsnclien.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
L EADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WES
• 24 Post at., San Francisco. Cal. ",
Bstabllshed Nearly 40 'years." Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-page catalogue (free): . j
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS. COLLEGE,
1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Gregg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL. COURSE!. $60.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
j G^ 1051 MASEJSTCT. let. 6**7tt. S.F.Cal.
, ( ,C3f ' The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
.-(afk^n. \Vorld. Weaknesses or any contracted
fleS «S« <*>sea« poillUrlycBrad by the oldest
f gal Spccialijt on the Coast. Est. 36 years. 1
fl*8*fS DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
f ( Consultation free and strictly private.
8 SwR Treatment personally or by letter. A
8 I Tl H *^"' tive Cur * in every case undertaken. •
I* I •' lift' Write for Book. PBILOnUPnYor
• J ' II TT IBAnniAfSK, MAILED FREE. ( A
I (I : . valuable book for mrn) , : ¦ • ¦; • ¦
OK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Mfirkft St.. S. P.
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
| CALIFORNIA WRTfl WESTERN RT. CO.
T_iE3SSE3E1 .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Marfcrt 8*.
Can Francisco to San Rafae!.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, - 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:30,' 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
.. at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and ll:3u x>. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:SO, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. , ¦
San Rafael to Snn Francisco.' *
WEEK DAY8-6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. C:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:S5 p. m." .•"
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a.m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25, p- m. . ¦
Leave' I' In Effect 1 ' Arrive
San Francisco. | April 38, 1901. | San Francisco.
. Week J Sun- ' I I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days, j Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato. 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am| Petaluma. j 6:03 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
- Fulton,
7:30 am .Windsor. 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
¦ • Lytton, ;•.•:; .
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pm ' Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am| ~ 10:40 am 10:25 am
18:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm ¦ . . ¦ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
° ¦ ' and } ¦ -
C:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages -connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyeervllle for Skajfjrs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelaeyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda : Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John- Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, - Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, . Usal. . Wlllits, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.' ~
• Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ . •. .
On Sundays - round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. . ¦ ->'.•¦.-.'-.
H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN. ¦
Gen, Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
yia SausoMto Ftrry.
" ' Commencing September 20, 1001.
FROM SAN FRAN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:65, 8:80. .11:00 a. m.
•1:«. V8:15. 4:15. 8:15. *6:15, 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TMPS-For' Mill Valley and San
Rafael . on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. -
SUNDAYS-»S:00. »10:00, •11:30 a, m., 'MS,
3:15, •<:«. 6:80, .8:S0 p.'.m. . ,
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANC1BCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a.'m.. •18:28,'8:18. •3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on ¦ Mondayi, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:66 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— 6:15. '8:00. '10:00, 'HMS a. m..
•1:40, 'SslB. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. . •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— fi:45, 6:45. 7:55, 8:65, 10-30
al m.. 12:35. 3:45. 8:50. 6:10 p. m. ¦
> EXTRA TRIPS ¦' on Mondays, Wednesdays-
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. rn.
iSUNDAYSrSiOS., 10:05 a; m., 12:05. 2:15. 3:30.
5:00, 6:4G p. m. . . .. :
V THROUGH TRAINS.
-6:55 a.' m. Treek days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. : . ' ¦ :•¦ ¦ "• •.;" i. -¦ • ,-¦-. ¦ . •
1:45 p.- m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . •' ¦.-.•:• . ¦ - -,
- • 8 :00 a. , m.' Sundays— Duncan ; Mills and way
stations.' ' ., . ¦ r . . , v
Legal Holidays boats and trains win run on
Sunday time, i .•". ¦'. : i ¦,'••"¦. >>•'•; ..: -.-. ¦•
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Santa Fe Trains
' Leave Market-atrtfet ' Ferry^- Depot.
i ¦ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily ;• , Dally Daily
Jjv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a. 8:00 p 4:20 p ,
¦ An- Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
:" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 0:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
.-" Hanford.. 3:12 p 8:27 p ,7:08 a .........
" Vtwalln.... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a
; " Bakrafield 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ........'
: Kan.' City ........ 2M0a 7:30 a .;;.....
." Chicago. . [.... .. . . | 2:15 p | 9:00 p |....;...
a for morning. ; p for afternoon.'. ¦• ¦ ¦ . '
*9 a. ,m. ¦ train r Is : the California
ited, leaving Monday: and Thursday only,:
carrying Palace Sleeping Care and Dining
Carn through to. Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Baket$fleld for accommodation of | local
flrst-class paesengera. ' No ¦ second-class
j tickets honored on this train. ' Correspond- )
ing train arrives at 6:55 p.' m. Tuesday and
Friday. .. ' ¦ . .
,4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno . local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
. daily.- •;':¦¦.¦,: ¦^'•asis?'*! 1 i WKm avumktmm
. ' 8 :00 i p. m. - is the- i Overland . Express with
, through Palace' and ; Tourist Sleepers' and'
¦"¦Fre? Reclining Chalr^Cars.to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, . whlcfc cuts out at < Fresno.
! Corresponding train • arrives at ' 5 :55 p, ;• m."<
tdally.;- •.-¦:.;' ¦'• ¦¦¦¦¦¦..-.¦ ;,i>'vV.. :ff,..-...v
,- .7:20 a.-m. , Is Bakersfleld' Local,' stopping
.at all points In San Joaquln -Valley.' '"Cot-re-,
apondlng train arrives at 8:40 a: m. ; dally.',
I Of flees— 611 k Market ; street - and in. Ferry
> Dftpot.'San Francisco; 1 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. .. --TrTirBitftlMBrauiiLMiBiiiM
81 pci* Year.
WEEEY m
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
Rnnif.t' r*A 3:lS and 8:S0 P. m-. except Su=dar.
Sunday. 9:45^ m.. 1:30. p.. m. LeaVe, ValtaCT
L^JS" , 12:S0 noon - • P- m - except Sunday.
Sunday.. 7 a. m.. 4:U p. m. Fare 60 cent*.
I'teSS: *? al P 8 - and olflc*: pt.«
S. MlMlon-st. «JoclC. HATCK BROS. .'
BUCHANAN ¦» BROS. :
Brush Manufacturers, 009 Sacramento St
D"PTTC1J17Cfo^ barbers, bak-
DliUOXlJuO ers bootblacks, bath-
brewers.' bookbinders, candy-makers, , canners!
dyers. flourmlllB. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, . printers, •¦ painters,' - shoe factories,
¦tablemen, - tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. '
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
UIHECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAKI3. V«L
&allln{r «very Thursday, Inatcail of J*XtnTn*
at 10 a, m., from pier C. •SflMrfcS
North River, foot ot Morton •treat; •L.'AquL
talnc. September 19; La Brctasn*. September
: L L * Champarne. October I; »L* S«vole. Oc-
tober 10.
Flnt class to Havre. HO and upward. Second
Vj^5-»^S» H 5 v J' e * W3 " nd upward. GENERAL.
EN ?J= FOR UNITED 8TATE3 and CAN-
ADA. 12 Broadway (Hudson building). New
TorU. J. F. FUOAZI A ca. Pacino Coa»e
A jtentf . S Montgomery avenu*. San Francitco.
T1 .^ et ." ld by .f n Ra»road Ticket Agents.
*Twln Screw Expr»m» Steamer*.
PANAMA R, R, S S ?
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Stt«r*c». $«; Me«U Tr**.
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 14
6. S. Leelnnnw sail* Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll ulU Monday, Dec. 2
• From Howard-itre et WtaArt . at S p. ra.
Frt if ht w an 5 rt { > r a f« enK8r O«ct,-«M Market «u
•F. P. CONNOR. Ptclflo Coast Aunt.
¦ • '¦••-.
¦ — : ' "
B ¦ •: . ".. ' " . .
I jM TALCOT.l
I Correct DlageosSs
| Followed by Correct Treatment f ,
I Means" Success
| "Weakness."
¦ There is no ruch condition as weakness In a man under fifty years of ago,
Q other than general debility. In a etoxnaoh damaged by an ulcer or inflarama.-
¦ tlon, symptoms of disordered function, arise. Frematureness, loss of vitality
¦ and the disorders known as "weakness". are but symptoms of some damage to
B the reproductive! system, caused by a contracted disorder or early dlssipa-
B tlon. In looking for tho location of this damage- we generally find an en-
B larged, swollen and lnflammed prostate gland. As this gland Is the very cen-
B ter of the reproductive system. It can readily be understood that lnflamma-
B tlon of It must cause disordered function. These cases are promptly benefited
B by proper treatment, otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse. The es-
! sentlal point In all of them Is the necessity of the euro of the focus of the
*¦ trouble. In th© prostate. Many men havo unsuccessfully treated for a weak-
?* ness which never existed, when If tb« damared tract had\ b«en'> repaired- a
g cure would hav* been th* result In our experience ' there is no drug in the
g Pharmacopeia, taken Into the stomach, that will even benefit this class of
*J cases. Our plan of treatment Is entirely a local one and prompt results are
* - obtained, as Indicated by Increased circulation and return of natural vigor.
S Varicocele;:
S ' Varlcbcele Is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels In man. l In
q their normal condition, their function is-, to 'carry off waste. material, thus
n enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to tho breaking down
H of the valves, caused by th« paralysis of the muscular coat of the veins, they
„ become dilated and local stagnation of the ..blood follows. .The vital organs,
H being deprived of their proper, quality and quantity of nourishment, impaired
S function is the result. Statistics prove that 25 per cent of the male population
S are afflicted with varicocele in some stage of the disease/ We guarantee to cure
5 varicocele in. one week at our office, or four weeks of home treatment, with-
h out the use of knife, caustic or ligature. We have cured over 8000 cases wlth-
S out a single failure or unpleasant result. We Invite correspondence ' and ' the
a fullest investigation of our methods, andean refer .to cured patients if de-
' B sired. ¦ ¦ " ¦•¦¦¦'•: . ' ¦' . . • • ¦ . ¦ •-¦:..
K Colored chart of the organs sent on application. \ •
H Address F. L. TAJLCOTT, M. D., or DR. TALCOTT &CO.,
I QQT Mcii»ln=*i- Corner Sixth;
| tJU 4 IT lCl 1 tVWL *Ot» 9 Entire Upper Floor.
¦ ¦ " ¦ -• '¦ - . ' ' '¦ • .... i'i . ¦ ¦
&BHHBBBaBBHHEHBaHBaBBBBBBHBBBSBBBBBBHI
FIDMWP— IIIIIIIMll'ii IW'HIHWllHlT'llMIMimlSII I II HI HI I •¦ ¦¦¦,-•¦. ....
RALFOUR. OUTHRIE & CO.. Oen. Ajrnta
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard a. Pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA ....Sept. SUAREQCTPA .-..\Oct. 13
TUCAPEL Oct. 2iL,IMARI ...Oct. 2<
These steameri are built expressly for Central
•nd South American passenger service. (No
chance at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenner oftlc*. 31* California street.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
S. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Oct. 12, 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
• ••" Oct. 24. 10 a. m.
J. 0.SP3ECXEIS k BROS. CO., Sinsrai Xnnts. 327 Hartei St
Gen'l Passenger CIScs, 543 Harket St., Piar la. 7. Pacific St
Oceafflcs.s.co,EH?S
From New York "Wednesday*, at 13 noon.
Southward Oct. 9 *ZeeIand .Oct. 30
•Vaderland Oct. 18 Frlesland ;Nov. «
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13
•Stop at Cherbourg eaatbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO., " *
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINEi
New York and Antwerp.
AMERICAN LINE.
VI W TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ,
From New Tork Wednesday's, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. JiHaverford Oct. 2S
St. Louis Oct. 16lSt. Paul :.Oct. 30
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 St. Louis Nov. i
Saturday, November 1«, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU...
¦ Wednesday.' December 11, 19Ct
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. It. AVERY. General Aicent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR.
ner First «nd Brnnnsn «treets. it 1 pt m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllns at
Kobe (HloKO). Xnensnkt and Shanghai ami
connecting at Hongkons with steamera for
India, etc. No «.argo rscelvei on board on
day of nalllnir.
SS. AMERICA MARIT IT. >
Wednesday. October 13. 1901
SS. HONGKONO MARU
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
tr»ia« Ion** nn.l nrm <!¦¦« to nrrli« m*
' ' NAN rilANUIMrO.
(Main Line. Foot ot M«rket Smut) ¦ : J.'. -
HAT! — THOU JULT II. 1801. — AKMT1
*i««* Dcnlclfc, Siiiauu, KlmU» tad S«cr*.
meuto ,,,,., AtaSp
?t<M>* V«c»»ille. Wl-.t-.ri. Rumaey ?i33y
«i3Va Mwilnor.««n lUiium, Vullejo. Nftpft,
CMi<ti'ga»mlHftiiU Hom OiS3r
B.Ooa D»i!s. WoodJuid. KnlfUULftadtoe,
AUrjullle. Orntlllit. 7iS*r
SiOOa AtUiiM.t Kipreu— Ogd.n and Eul lliMr
HHiiu KUm. Lithrjp, Block ton....,,.. 7>Sa»
PorleniU« ?. 4i83»
¦ iSOa ShiaU KxprrM-lteTfaL WilUtmi (tot
Btrtlet) SprtonX Willowy K«a
; 7 Uluff. Ponuiid. 7iS3»
• i»Oa H»u Jiw«, Lltcrinore, Htooklon,
lone, Hwcramnita. Pl»otr»lll»,
MiirjriiTtlli>. Ctifcii. i:«l Itlult 4i21r
•i«O* Onk.UIr, Ohlnca. iVowmlU), Ho-
nor*. Carton 4ia.ir
I»iOOa IUtw.f.l, NlUa aud Way StaUoui.. * I in3\
»H>»aV»11pjo I«t23f
ViVtALon Anceles Emresi— Mmtlnns.
• - .' Tnej. La th rap. atoekton, Mrrocd
Fretinu mil Lc« Aoculea 7iSSv
»:»Oa Vallrjo. Martlnmt aim Wai Station* 1i.1»r
' I Uioo*. Thn Oreilaiid X.lmlted-Og Jao, l)on-
rer, Omaha. Chfcajn SiHSp
tliOOpSaerainento III? er Snxniem f.iiAO*
BiSAr Hayward, Nll«« and Way Station!.. 7i»3p
«iU«r J1«uIcIh. Wlntora. h«cr»m«nlo, >•
WoiHlland. Kuigtita lAUdluc
MuryiiTlllp, Ofot Hie IOiOS*
4i0llf MurHnrr, Han Itamoii, Vullsjn,
N»l«». (.'nlUtoKa, HhiiU Itmtw Oit.iA
4iOOr Nl!e«, Llrermore, Stockton. Loill... IS>SSr
4iit»r H«yw»rd. tiUen. Man .1. mo. JjTcrmora tliM*
4i3«p Port Co* a, Tracy, LV.bron, Stockton 1i»S3a
SiOOrTlie Owl Limited- Frea-.<., Talare,
Dakenfleld, Han gnu tot SanU U*r-
barn, 1.ob AiiRt-lea SiSSa
BiOOp Msrdn'z. Antlcch. Su-ckton. Mar-
¦ oed, Freano lSiSSr
8:O«pTonemlW..... lSiSSr
0:30r New Orleans Eiprew— Mendota,
Fresro. Balcerstie.d. X^os Angele*.
Doming. £1 Paao. New Orleans
mil bit ; 7s33a
• i«Or na/waril, Nil« and Bait Joa* 1i53»
|aiO«r Vallejn ...,¦ Ili33*
dittnrOrlenUl Mall-OgJen. Clifjenne.
Omaha. Oblongo la<33y
•i«»rOriantal Mnil-Of'en, DenTar.
80. Lou!». Chlongn. 1 4>S»r
7i«Or Or.<c»n auil CalUorula Ki|>r«n»..V« 0 .
ritiiieutii, Marjritllle, lt«»1>lli>ir.
riirllaml, 1'ngot Hmuxl ami Wuk 8:3.1a
• ¦••irSan Pablo. Port Coita, Martlaca
t»:O3p ValHo 7i»ay
COAST IilNE (NurriMi U».i K e).
(Fwit of Market Street.)
t7»43» Sauti llui.Excuri on 10 Saot* Cnu
and Pr.uo pil Way Bunions.. ISiOSy
BiISa Newark. (Ji>iitvr«llle,Haii.iote,Kplton l
IJotildur Cri fk.Hauta Cnu ami Way
Blatlona. .......... .;.... ;?, Si3*r
tSiISP Nnwark. Oe»ter«UK 8an Jose, Now
Alnm.lf.ij. F.I ton. llonld.r Ura«lr.
Baiita Cun and Prtaalpal Way
8Utlotn... IOi!JftA
4il."»r Newark. Han .loae, I^tGatoe t>iin«A
«4tl3y GUnwood. Boulder Creek. aanUCro «»iBQa
OAKLAND. HARBOR FERRY.
fna SJJ mXClSCO-'ooi «f Markit StrMt (Slip I}— .
»7:ltt 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 1:00 BsWf.-.' '
riwoutuj- mi .: ii,tiw,,.— tiijoo tsoo 1809
. IOiOOa.m. 12;Q0 8:Q0' iiOQr.M. ' ¦
COAST LINE (llroml (Jnn R p).
> (Third wnd Tow nuenil Sto.) "'.
UiIOa ban Joaeand Way Htationa «iUi»a
, H.«O* Ha» .Ima.ml Way SUU,.i.h liitnr
/7i«mu New Aliuailrii /4il0y
t?i»»A Sundiy Kxainlon for San Jc«e.
Hanu Cnu. I'.clilo Oiore tad
Principal Way 8t>tlon%... JSilO*
••••A Han Jo.«. Ho:U«ter. Mnnta deux,
rnnlile tlr.it., sallnta. Hen Latl
' Ob'apo, Banta Btrbar* ami Prln-
•di>ai liitonne<lUteHtKU..in. ...,„, 7i3o»
IOiUOa Sen J^ae and Way mailooa. i Ci3O»
I IiSOa Man Jim. iumI Way Htatlmia a.aur
tVftOr San Maten, Redwood, Mtnlo Park. ">. ¦
Tain Alto. HanU i'l»ra. Hun .Inee.
HoUIitcr, 8»nu Onu, 8Allaaa,
Mont.rvr ami l'aeln<i Orntu M0i43a
>i8«r Han Jot... Tre« Plnoa. Rout* Crna,
Pactflo Qror* au<l Way Htatlima 4il«r
' MilSr SaiiJoieamll'riiioipal WayHtatlona »i41a
iOtOOr B»n Jose, Los Oatos aud Prlaetpal
Way 8Utlon« ......'...:... lAiOOi
5i»»r nan.lnw>aiiill*Hnelp*l WayMtatlmta »i3flA
•¦Owr Redwood. Han Jon>. Gllmy, Baliaaa,
¦ .Santa Berbers, Loa Aceelc l«to."l A
AsItOp B»u Jnee ami Way rttatloue. ..,..„. t"'°'»A
¦Ilt4tl> San Joe» »n«l Way Stallone.... ?l3O*
A for Moriilnc ~ P for AfUmoon. ""
t Himrtay aieapted. ' ¦ J Sunday only.- -
• Saturday only. . . '• Monday.
, e Sfttnxdaj ml Bunday, / Tuwdiyi u4 Fridaji,
STEAMER TICXET3 INCLUDE BERTH »nd MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Satis Oct. 5. 15* 25. Nov. 4
SS". OEO. W. ELDER.. '
'. ; Palls S«pt. 10. Oct. 10. 20. W>
D. 'W.HITCHCOCK. GEtf.Art..! Montjrm'y. S. F.
PORTLAND, Or., ~
And Short Rn!l Lino from Portlnnd to «M
points East Throu&h tickets to all
points, all rnit «r ntef>msH|n and rail, at
ZiOWDST IXATKS.
Only St.mn.hlp Xiin. to
O. R. & N. CO.
L^^^^H Conducted I
B t'\ IP/ g&Bi/BraBJSai *\ "**"\\\ A& Wednesdays: San Francisco, Tues- 3
M 1V\ / / JFuS'l IEUIkSv ( change to Boston. Tickets and berth* ¦ SWill be the last days upon which Pan-Ameri
can excursion tickets to Buffalo will be Bold.
JS7 for the round trip. .. Full particulars at ««
Market ¦ «C, offlce ot i the Santa F*.
October 3rd and 4th
In Eebekah Lodges.
Arrangements have been completed for
an entertainment, drill and ball by the
San Francisco Rcbekah Drill Corps No. 2,
Captain Allie Parker commanding. While
the corps Is numerically No. 2. it is ln the
matter of drill No. 1. The practice drill of
the corps was witnessed by a • United
States army officer recently returned from
the * PMllPPines, and he highly compli
mented the officers and members on the
perfectness of their drill, allgmment and
prompt obedience to commands. The la
dies of the corps have a surprise in store
for their friends on - the night of the en
tertainment. There will bi a first-class
programme and then dancing for two
The party given on the night of the '4th
inst. by Jubilee Rebekah Lodge In the
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' building
was well attended and proved a most en-
Joyable affair for all present. In ad
dition to a weii arranged programme of
dances there were three vocal numbers
Interspersed, which were well rendered
A special session of the California 'as
sembly will be held In Fresno during the
week of the session of the grand en
campment. On the night of the ICth of
October the assembly degree will be con
ferred on a number of ellglbles .
kT* 1!*? 16/ 11111"110111 fflven *>y Mission Re
bekah Lodge recently was well attended
ana tne o programme was a- very., pleasing
*v. T^ e. entertainment that was given on
the night of the 25th by Oriental Eebekah
Lodge was well attended and was a verv
pleasing function. It was under the direc
tion of Miss Josie Wai worth, the cour
teous recording secretary. The lecture on
Oberammergau that was delivered before
£trMi2 dge in ald Of the Orphans' Home
at Gllroy will net a good sum for that de
serving charity. Much of the success of
that entertainment is due to the efforts of
Harriet Beckley. the noble grand. -
The graphophone recital given by Loyal
Loose on'the ?3rd of. September for the
benefit of the Orphans' Home will net a
neat sum. There were other attractions
and dancing after the recital. -.This wide
awake lodge will have work in the initia
tory degree on the night of the SOth Inst
l>odge. The second degree team of this
\li S t °» whlc « h , J ' J ; Applcgate, P. G., is
the master, will confer tho second degree
IVr E ™ Sl8 J2f .H, dge on the 7th ot Octo
ber. The third degree team of the same
lodge.. and of which W. F. LImbaugh is
the master, will confer the third degree
&~£ O t ter f odfre °« n the 9th ot October.
These two. teams, in beautiful costumes
have been doing the work of each degree
in a manner that has won for them the
highest commendation.
Abou Ben Adhem Lodge Is arranjdne
District No. Go, to be held in the main
h 2jJ.S f J he . A I sem bly building. Ladies
will; be Invited, and after the entertain
ment there will be dancing. enier ">n-
The presentation of the deed to the
"YThlte tract, which was to have taken
place last week, will take place in San
Jose on Tuesday evening next. A num
ber of the lodges ln San Francisco and
Alameda counties have contributed to the
purchase of this tract.
Onthe night of the 27th of September,
th© Kev. W. Rader delivered an interest
ing lecture on "Uncle Sam, or the Reign
of the Common People," before Apollo
Farneeworth Lodge No. Do will have a
reunion and entertainment on the 2d of
October ln the memorial hall of the Odd
Fellow*' building ln celebration of Its
elxth anniversary. There will bo a pro
gramme ot the best kind of talent In
choice numbers, after which there will be
dancing.
At a meeting of the general relief com
mittee of the- Odd Fellows of San Fran
cisco Frank £>. McBeth, C. X. J arisen and
F. A. Taylor, a special committee, pre
sented a series of touching resolutions ex
pressive of the committee's abhorence of
the atrocious crime that ended the earth
ly career of President William McKlnley
and extending the committee's sympathy
to the bereaved widow of the martyred
President. An engrossed copy of the res
olutions baa been forwarded to Mrs. Mc-
Klnley.
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes Is suffering
trorn a severe attack of the grip.
The Odd Fellows.
Mrs. W. H. Dodd. Miss Frances Dodd,
Miss Helen Dodd and Miss Nonie Dodd
left New York Saturday, September 23
for Llverpoool on the Cunard line steamer
Etruria. . . ' .
Mrs. M. Finnesan and daughter and
Mrs.. G. .L. Christie, daughter' and child
leave for Liverpool Tuesday, October 1
on the Cunard line steamer Servia.
Mrs. Otto Joel wi'l be at home on the
second Tuesdays at 1528 Ellis street
Miss Lelia J. Samuel will be pleased to
soe her friends at her residence,. 1442 Ful
ton street. Sunday. September 29, prior to
her departure for the-East. .
Pior to their departure for their new
Mr.' and Mrs. ' S. Silverstone announce
their son Arthur's barmltsva at the
Geary-street Temple on Sunday, October
6, and. will be pleased to see their friends
between 2 and 5 p. m., at 112 Lyon street.
General and: Mrs. Evan -' Miles have
changed their place of residence to 2156
Sutter street. ' . ,
Dr. and Mrs. A. O. Haslehurst have re
turned from Sausallto and are. guests at
the Hotel Bella Vista.
Mrs. H. Nielsen of Ignaclo, Marin Coun
ty, and Mrs.. Julia Hildebrand of San
Francisco are spending a few weeks at
Byron Springs. K<
Miss Charlotte Evans left last week for
New York and the Eastern cities, where
she will spend the winter.
. The engagement is announced of Miss
Annie B. Cohn to Nlssen Axonson.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Rosenhelm will re
ceive their friends on Sunday, September
29, and Sunday, October 6, at their resi
dence. 541 Baker street.
Mrs. Hock "of San Rafael has returned
from Byron Springs.
Miss A. M. Lehnert of this city has re
turned after an extended trip through
France, Germany- and Belgium.
Dr. and Mrs. S. C. Mish will receive
their friends at the Hotel Sutherland Sun
day afternoon, September 29.
Mrs. S. Ashersori . and daughter have
moved to .1S30 Sutter street, where they
will be pleased to see their friends.
• Robert P. Troy Is enjoying a well-earned
vacation at' Bartlett Springs. '•
Miss Lelia J. Samuel will be pleased to
see her friends at her residence, 1442 Ful
ton street, Sunday, September 20, prior to
her departure for the East.
Personal.
Buena Vista Parlor. is in a great state
of excitement preparing a minstrel show
for the 30th- of October . which ¦ will rival
the one it put on some few years ago
The very best talent In this most popular
parlor will be brought out and their
friends can expect a splendid performance
at Native Sons' Hall that night. -
Mrs. Ella Knox of Buemt -Vista' Parlor
left a few days since for Honolulu, where
she will soon be, joined by Miss.Mattle
Farris, her sister, and Miss Blanche Col
lins. ¦'..".¦ ( ' . : ' ¦ ' „- '
Sans Souci Parlor has arranged for a
social to be given on the night of the 14th
of October. An energetic committee has
charge of arranging the details
Grand President Genevieve Baker is mak
ing her official tour through Humboldt
County. She is at present the guest' of
Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Menefee at Arcata
where she will Institute a new parlor'
Mrs. Menefee. was Miss Amiee Bening- be
fore her marriage and is one of Bucna
Vista Parlor's most charming members
and it is through her efforts that the new
parlor is being organized In Arcata.
Grand Secretary Miss Laura J. Frakes
will not return from her vacation until
the 1st of October.
Grand President Mrs. Genevleve W. Ba
ker of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West is making visitations ln the north
western part of the State.
The Native Daughters.
¦ An old-fashioned party was given at the
residence of Miss L. D. Bartlett Saturday
evening, September 21, including a cake-
A pleasant surprise party was given at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. . Keeslng. 2S21
Laguna street, . on Saturday evening, Au
gust 31, in honor of the birthday of Bar
net Keesing. Those present . were: Mr.
and Mrs. Connelly, Mr. and Mrs. Shat
tuck, Mr. and Mrs. Sellg, Mr. and Mrs.
Raymond, Mr. and Mrs. Keesing, Mrs.
P. Jenkins, Mr?. C. Smith. Misses Mabel
Gande. Ida Gande, Darling. Lindstrom.
Lynch, Hennessey. Phoebe Shattuck. Don
ovan, H. Benas, E. Kohlberg, A. Giber
son, J. Keosing, L. Keesing and G. Kee
slng. Messrs. Stroebel. Campbell, Luddy.
Heckman. Frank. Trlpp, Hanson. Buck
ing, S. Moss and Barnet Keesing.
A pleasant birthday party was given on
Saturday evening, Septcmbec 14, to Mas
ter Frank Borel by the members of the
Elliott Club. Those present were the
Misses Borel, Mr. and Mrs. Borel. Mr. and
Mrs. Cooper, Miss Mae McDonald, Miss
Viola Lambert, Miss Lulu Cooper, Miss<
Lillian Flaherty, Misses Kelly. Miss Ma
mie Ryan, Miss Kthel Clark, Miss Echo
Benjamin, Miss Ethel Andely. Miss Grace
Cooper, ¦ Master Frank Borel, Master
Arthur Rousseau. Master James Bryson.
Master Harry Van Horn, Master Frank
Benjamin, Miss Charlie Murray, Miss Kv
©rett Farwell, Master Edward Flanders,
Master Arthur Graham.
Home, Parties.
The lolanthe Musical Club" tendered Mri
and Mrs. W. D.'.Townley a- musicale at
their residence, 17 Bartlatt street, Mon
day evening. September 16. A very en
joyable evening was spent. Many musical
selections were rendered upon the viola,
mandolin, guitar and banjo by Professor
J. F. Moore. W.D. Townley. W. Spar
row, R. C. Greenlnger and Mrs. W. D.
Townley. -The club also rendered several
beautiful selections. After spending many
pleasant hours a repast was served. Miss
C. Ko«h and Mr. Spieler presented Mr.
and Mrs.' W. D. Townley in. behalf of the
club with an elegant framed picture.
Among those participating were: Profes
sor J. F. Moore," Mr. and Mrs. W. D.
Townley. Miss M. McCaffrey, Miss E. Mc-
Caffrey. Miss Oakes, Miss J. Greeninger,
Miss F. Greenlnger. Miss C. Koch, J.
Burnslde, W. Corey, J. Spieler, W. Bohr,
R. C. Greenlnger and W. Sparrow. • .
The Native Sons of Vermont will pre
sent the following Interesting programme
next Friday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall
at their annual benefit performance ' tor
the "talent fund." Overture, "Our Na
tive State," Delleplane's Orchestra; Ed
Hipgins, champion of the baton; whist
ling solo, selected, Cordle Wetjen; so
prano solo, "In May Time" (Dudley
Buck), Marie Cartaneto Mead; violin solo,
"Cavatlna" (Raff). Bernhard Walther/the
Belgian violinist; songs— (a) "Prett-r
Primrose Flower" (Pinsuti), (b) "Ah, 'Tis
a Dream" (Hawley). San Francisco Mu
sical Quartet— Miss May Chester Wil
liams, first soprano; Mrs. John D. Sibley,
second soprano; M)ss Marie H. Smith,
Urst'iilto; Miss Grace Carroll, second alto;
duet for cornet, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Fran
chi, accompanied by. the- Market-street.
Railway Band;' "Yellow Roses," a sketch
in one act— Colonel St. Clair, Thomas Gra
ham;. Mrs. Peveril, a widow. Miss Louise
Saxton; scene, drawing-room, Carrisfort
Cottage, suburbs of London; under direc
tion of Caldwell ' College of Oratory and
Acting. 1327 Market street. \
Club Parties.
A pretty home wedding took place at
S:30 o'clock Wednesday evening nt the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. John Donald
Daly. 900 Guerrero street. The Rev. Ed
gar J. Lion, rector St. Stephen's Church,
officiating. Th? contracting parties were
Georgia Maybelle Sherwood, niece of Mr.
and Mrs. .Thomas Cox, and Irving Reid
Daly, only son of John D. Daly, the cat
tle man. The bride looked charming in a
gown of white, liberty over white taffeta
with point lace applique, and carried a
large bunch of white Japanese lilies.- Her
only attendant was Miss Ida Evelyn Daly,
a sister of 'the groom, who wore a dainty
gown of ;' white organdie, and carried
a shower bouquet af maidenhair ferns.
Mr. Caleb Levensaler... was. best* man.
After the wedding breakfast the happy
pair left amid a shower of rice tor a trip
through Southern -California. On their
return they will reside in the residence
just cojnpleted for them, the gift of the
groom's father. |
¦ On' Wednesday,- September 25, at 11 a.
m., Walter Hammond of this city and
Anna S. Wltte of Petuluma were married
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Flnnen,
1043 Church streer this city. The Rev. J.
H. Schroeder ofliclated. Best man, Henry
F. Surhoff; bridesmaid. Miss Anna' Hol-
Jes. Also present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Wltte, father and mother of bride; Mr.
and Mrs. Flnnen/ Mrs. Holjes, Mr. Will
iam Lunsmann. Mr. Henry Meyn. After
the ceremony itie • bridal • party went to
Techau Tavern, where a wedding break
fast was served, and iater Mr. and Mrs.
Hammond left for the northern part of
the State, where they will spend their
honeymonn. ¦ ¦ :
Mr. Charles W. Still and Miss Louise
Proll were united In marriage September 4
at tho residence of the bride's parents, 30
Hlgln PRrk avsnue, by Chaplain Oliver C.
Miller, u. 8. A.
On Wednesday last at the noon hour
a pretty wedding was quietly celebrated
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. Samuels,
1639 O'Furrell street, when their daughter,
Annette, was married to' Mr. Sol Bchu
bener. The home was beautifully deco
rated for tho occasion, pink and green
being the color* predominating. Alter the
ceremony was rerformed by the Rev. Dr.
Meyers under a beautiful marriage bell a
wedding breakfast was eervod. The many
relatives and friends present fully testi
fied to the popularity of the young couple.
Tho bride looked charming and was at
tended by her sister, Mlrlnm M. Samuels,
who acted as maid of honor. After 1 an
extended trip through Southern California
Mr. and Mrs. Schubener will leave for
their future home ln Dernl. Oregon.
Miss ilattle A. Godalr and Mr. T. Har
vey Parry were murrlud Monday evening,
September 23. by Rev. G. C. Adams, at the
home of the bride"* parents, 1222 Bush
street.
Wedding Bells.
Mr. and Mrs. P. O'Reilly of 933 Post
street announce the engagement of their
daughter Nellie to William C. Pidge.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Zobel announce tha
engagement of their daughter Gertrude
to Max Hoffman. They will receive Sun
day afternoon, October 6, at 1308 Pine
street.
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Carolyn Frauenthal of Seattle
and Wallace S. Rosenblatt of this city.
Ihe engagement Is announced of Emma
Cohen, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D.Co
hen. of 1128*6 Turk Btreet, and Adolph
Hirschfeld. They will receive on Sunday,
October 6, from 1 to 6. • .-
Mrs. J. S. Levy of 1721 Pacifio avenue
announces the engagement of her daugh
ter Elsie to Joseph Welsbaum. They will
be pleased to see their friends to-day.
They're Engaged.
. Master Daniel T. Keenan. gave a bon
bon party to his little friends on Tuesday
afternoon at his residence, 565 Halglit
street, in honor of the ninth anniversary
of his birthday., The little tots made
merry ln singing, fancy dancing and play
ing games, after which dainty refresh
ments were served. Among those present
were: Daniel Keenan, Ciaudie ¦ Walker,
Earl Simmons. Willie Houzer, Oral Her-
Mg Edward Herzog, Letta Tuttle. Mar
gretla l a hlllips. Lulu Wtlllamson, Geor
gie Williamson, Laura Lohmeyer, Edith
Keenan and Freda Herzog.
A very pleasant surprise party was
glyen to 1 Miss Mildred Mann by her
friends Saturday evening at her residence,
1019 Geary street. Those present were:
Misses May G. Cohen. Mabel Coey, Dora
Blberg. Maybelle T. Magner. Rose Fran
kel, Gertie Koehman. Alice M. Mann.
Marie Thorpe, Tillle Savannah, Bertha
Renaldo, Birdie Schwartz,, Anna Blum,
Rose Basch, TerUe Steinbach, Anna Her
zog. Birdie Steinbach. Lean Klberc and
Miss Bunch, Messrs, Albert H. Wuterman,
Harry Mentz, Vincent E. Holland, Ralph
H. Mann, M. H. Krueger, Gerald R. Grlf
fln, Walter Strause. Ralph L. 'Kaiser,
Herbert C I»vv. Melvln Manasse, Koy
Morris. Arthur K.-Sellg. Moise Yehl, Amol
Morris, Max Koinli.Ttz. Louis II. Bonus,
Dave Renaldo, Harry Jacobson, Walter
Lewis. James Owens. Jack Stumper, Mad
rice Blum, Edwunl Owens, Morris Block
and Count Carl Walleck.
A niOHl enjoyable surprise party was
tendered to Professor W. Clarkson nt his
residence. 1002 Guury street, last Saturday
evening by the mmnbersof his mandolin
and guitar club. Mr. Clarlcson- wu» taken
completely by surprise when they arrived
and they at once took charge and fairly
took the house by storm. The evening
wab spent In music, games, singing and
dancing till long after midnight. Those
preuent were: Professor und Mrs. Clark
pon. Miss J. Robertson. Miss M. Abel,
Miss A. Bose, Miss M. Lagomaslno, Miss
E. Donlln, Miss M. Mlramonte, Miss R.
Conley, Miss E. Campbell, Miss L. Lago
mnslno. Miss M. de Martini; Miss G. High.
Miss M. Bell, Miss D. Haake. Mrs. K.
Hathaway. Mrs. M. Poole. K. Bose, P.
Jullen. F. Stigliano, N. Stlgl'.iuio. W.
Ncedhara, C. Hauser and L. R. Stone.
¦A most enjoyable : surprise party was
given to Prank Lasseire by Syd Kahn at
the residence of the former, 20 Birch,ave
nue, on Thursday evening, September 12.
Vocal selections were rendered during the
evening. .Those present were Misses Bar
det and von Gruenlgen, Mrs. F. Lasserre,
Mrs. J. Labataille, Mrs. J. Laporte.
Syd Kahn, Fred Grauftel, John Lasserre,
Edward Jacobs, Carl Craner, Otto Thiele,
J. Labataille and Frank Lasserre.
The birthday party of Miss Ella Sullivan
of 101S Mason street; given on the. after
noon of the 22d inst., was a very pleas
ant affair. The participants contributed
to the success of the afternoon by musical
selections,. ln which the hostess easily. carr
rled off the honors by her excellent ren
dering ot popular songs. Mr. Milan Ku
cavlca also gave pleasure by his vocal ef
jorts. The following named were present:
Ella Sullivan, Eddio Sullivan, Violet Phil
lips, Nellie Phillips, Ella Quinn.. Marie
Qulnn, Anice Quinn, Dorothy Pollack,
Harold Pollack, Beverly Much, Pearl
Holly, Daisy Holly, Lulu Busket, Monta
gue Barton, William Weob, Lee Simpson,
Milan Kucavlca. '
walk by Miss Mat tie Collins and Mlas
Llzze D. Bartlett. . "
Relating to Society
home In.Denlo, Or., Mr. and Mrs. S.
Schubener ; (formerly Annette- Samuels)
will be pleased to. receive their friends to
day, from 2 until 5 p.m., at 1639 O'Parrell
street. ., .
Miss Rita Kelley returned to her home
In this city last week, after an extended
visit with her sister. Mrs. A. D. MacDon
ald of Idlewild cottage. Ben Lomond.
Mrs. W. E. H. WOllams (nee Heap) of
Susanvllle Is at the Windsor. -<¦
£S^/| Oyfi^"l ft ' ew Qu'et home
// l^fl • rl I Psxtleaand some equally
III IV III Q ule t weddings, the bo-'
I VI V V I I I clal tale of last week is
\^V\^y\y soon told. The first so-
. clal event of importance
I is that announced by
the members of the N. S. L>. K., who have
Issued Invitations for their thirteenth an
niversary reception, to take place next
Tuesday : evening, October 1, at Cotillon
Hall.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotillon
will also soon open their twelfth season
with an assembly and german on Friday
evening, October 25, at the Palace Hotel.
The club, as usual, will be a strictly
closed organization, composed of fifty*
couples.
Resorts.
The latest, arrivals at GIlroy'Hot
Springs are: .From San FranclBco— Mrs.
N. Planctch, j R. Kolby, Master George
Kolby. Captain R. Peterson, Jacques
Larthon, M. S. Hinds, H. H. Henry, Miss
C. Parks, H. Leavitt, J. C. Wheeler, F.
R. Benson and son/ O. H. Grosby, K. M.
Alexander. P. H. Anderson. From San
Jose— J. D. Miner. From Arizona— M. S.
Lyons. From Seattle— A. E. Johnson, T.
S. Walters. From Honolulu— S. W. Gwinn,
P. M. McMahon. Prom . Oakland— Miss
Lillian Peterson, B. F. Wright, Miss N.
B. Smith. From Watsonvllle— B. H.
Neville, J. D. Thompson, L. H. Davis, P.
E. Jessen. From Los Angeles— P. M. Mor
gan, i From Sacramento— P. H. Lymans.
From Menlo Park— Edward Burke.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
27
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOL1*
EVENINGS AT S SHARP. .1
MATINEE SATURDAY ax 3 fharpt
GRAND OJPERA
PAUL STEINDORFF Musical Director
-to-nTght-
"CARMEN/'
WEEK OF Sept Mth. NOTICE .THB DATESt
Monday, Thursday, Sunday Nlghta aad Satur-
day Matinee.
The Tremendous Doubts BUI. - ,
GAVALLERIA
RUSTIGANA
—ASD— -•" — - •
I PAGUACCI
BARBARESCHT. MONTANARI. FOLLET-
TINI. SAX^ASSA. AGO8TTNT. CASTBI*-
LANO. FERRAIU. ZJLX1.
Tuesday, Wtdneiday, Friday, Baturtay, J
LAST TIMES OF
Cl ARM EN m
With COLLAMARINI and tb« Great Cast.
NOTICB-3ABUCCO" Will B. Suns Week
of Oct. 7, Owing- to the Demand. •—!*/;
POPULAR PRICZS^25c, BOc and 73o.
• ; ' Telephone Bush 9.
t*ftl IIHQIA SAHWsctrs
vULiUm_DlM UWBQ THEATBS
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME—
Tl g s^ SEABROOKE
A MODERN CRUSOE.
BEGINNING J%/\ g~\ |%J r^m O. "V
to-morrow /VHJnlIJ/i x
Every Night ln th« Week— Matinee Saturday.
Under the Direction of
Messrs. John C. Flaner and Thoa. W. .Ryter-
IOO— IN THE GREAT CAST— IOO
THE MUSICAL
HIT OF THREE
CONTINENTS.
DIRECT FROM THB
NEW YORK CASINO
Curtain at S:1S sharp. Carriages at 11.
CHUTES and ZOO
Grand Yandeyffle Bill!'
Last M0VIN6JPIGTIIRES
M c KIN LEY.
Taken at the Buffalo Exposition.
Telephone for seats— Park 23.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter, of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-,
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
AlgUSEMEtTTS. _" __ "
Week Commencing This Afternoon, Sept. 29
Vaudeville's Leading Lights !
First Appearance Her* of ..
S CLARKE & CO.
Presenting ,,"In th« Blot rapb."
BOYCE and WILSON
America's Best Black Face Comedians. •
MADGE FOX
The World's - Representative Acrobatic
Dancer. , ¦ ' ¦ .
The Juvenile Wonders.
ARNOLD GRAZER and
BLANCHE TRELEASE
Introducing, the •'Mysterious Mirrors."
The Talk of the Town.
THE SVENGALIS
Bewildering! Mysterious!! Incomprehensible!'.!
PRESS ELDRIDGE
Commander In Chief of the Army of Fun.
PARROS BROTHERS
Acrobats Extraordinary.
THE'BIOGRAPH
Showing President MeXlniey's Funeral.
LAST .WEEK OF
DOROTHY MORTON
Comic Opera's Queen.
Parquet. 25c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Children,
inc. any part except reserved. A. few front Or-
chestra rows reserved, 50c: front rows of Bal-
cony, reserved. ?5c. * ".
" \ '¦ '- ' '¦ 5J "~~ .
stapt, «TO-NICHT.
Every Evening This Week— MaUnee Saturday
. Only. .
America's Most Notable Minstrel Organization.
\A/M. H. WEST'S
p> I r~\ ' . - <; ' HIeh. class
MINSTREL K?fVc r « y sy
JUBILEE.
BEE THE BIG GOLF PARADE TO-MORROW
(Monday), 3 P. M.
. — SEATS NOW READY
Nexf Sunday Night—
HERRMANN, the Great.
SEATS THURSDAY.
&ELASCO ahoTNAICS *^UJtfi&L
h 'h SOUVENIR
- . . MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c, I5c.' 'J':£-i
Everj'bcxly will be presented with a photo of
OUIe Ooper as the Little Lord.
TO-XIGHT— Positively Last Performance,
LITTLE LORD
FAUNTLEROY.
nnircc Evenings... 10c, 15c, 23c, 85c, 50c
iniWCJ Matinees ..10c. 15c. 21c
TO-MORROW EVENING— MagnlHcent ' pro-
duction of the Powerful and Successful Melo-
drama. . : ,-•' . . ¦
?KIDNAPPED."
.FisCHER v s;; c °^ERT io Hoos E .
RAZILLIA PANTOMIME COMPANY; Alice
de Leon; Richards and Relyea; Rosaline: Rob-
ert Nome; Snni Holdsworlh; Lynton and Wilde,
and AuffustHlnrlchs' ; Great Orchestra.
• Reserved Scats," 2Sc. Matinee Sunday. "* :
"OPENNIGHTS.
YSUTRO BATHS.
, . .. Open daily." from .7 'a,^ m.^to Up. m. :
¦ Bathins from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION." 10c. ; CHILDREN. So.
fiatblnr. lncludins; admission, 25c. Children, 30c
' •'/' '^AMUSEMENTS.,
UNION COURTING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slippsr
¦¦ » ¦ •
TO-DAY
SUNDAY - - - Sept. 29.
Three Big
Coursing Events!
Junior Champion. Open
and Special /Stakes,
$1500— TOTAL PRIZE MONEY— $1500
i!jj — TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a.
m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; 26th and Valen-
cia streets five minutes later. ReturnlnR at 4M5
p. m. and after the last course. San Mateo<
Electric Cars every six minutes. V
ADMISSION 23 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
- Week Beslning- •' .
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING
JOSEPH HAWQRf H
In an Elaborate - Production of Shakespeare's
. < ¦¦ • ¦ -. • :-¦"•¦ Great Play, . : .
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
JOSEPH HA WORTH as SHYLOCK. '.
POPULAR PRICES...... ..10c. 13c. 25c. BOc 7Bo
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees,' 25c
• -•¦ Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
OLV HIATRE^AI
TO-NIGHT-FXXDREXCE ROBERTS. '
"SAPHO."
rO'MORROW NIGHT.
. Opening of the New Stock.
' First appearance ¦ here of
-M. L. ALSA1* arid ALBERTAXOXVERSE.
When will be presented for the first time at
Alcazar prices, ¦ .
,.;,.;; R. G. Carton's play,
"LIBERTY HALL."
.'• New » Scenery. Unique Stare Effect*. ;
matinees Saturday: and sundat.
ALHAMBR0HEATER. 1\
RETURN Or THE .'
' GREATER THAN.' EVER. ] •'
THE BROWNIES
IN FAIRytANp.
; 200— Professional Children on the Staee— 200
-uO-^-New and : Original- Specialties— 50 'V
. : READ THE DATES. V. ; ...
«* Saturday j afternoon, Oct. C; Saturday ni^ht
OcL 5; Sunday afternoon. Oct. 6; Sunday night'
Oct., 6; 'Monday night. Oct.- 7; Tuesday rafterl
noon, Oct. 8;. Tueaduy night, , Oct. 8. v. ;
;V. Reserved '• beats on sale at Shernian; Clay &
Co.'sj commencing- Monday morning, Sept.'. 30 . •
See the prices:,. Matinees— 10c. 25c (no hlsher) :
NiRliu— I5o. , S5o and Hc(n« higher.) ¦ .• ¦ -
| '^,^\~ytl^2::_^
vichy s ret ings.
Th* only place ln the United States wtier*
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Bathe: Eprinrn
Numerous; Baths Uneuualed. Three mill's rrom
Uklah. J. A. EEDEMEYER & CO.,
. Proprietors.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
T. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northtveetern
Tt&ilway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
SI per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
1X3 U. LesEee. ¦ - ¦•..•;
J-AICEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
ETAQE LUCE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lak<«poi-t, carrj-ing paeaensers for Lake-
port and Bartlett .Springs, hiages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave liopland at
32:30; arrive at Lakeport at 2:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:20. New 6-horse 14-pas-
renger tourist wagons, made to order for this
tUgc liae. with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Barllett
Eprtngs call for tickets by Bartlett Sprinn
Stare Dr.*.
ailLLER & HOWARD, Proprietors.
• - .
BenBHHEBKB3EHEttBEKEHEGfcHHHHBBEESBaEUEEBBEBHiB&H
¦ '¦;.•;. ,,FOff /MEN:.-... S
B \ jggt^ i MORMON^BISHOPIS" PILLS HAVE BEEN IN 5
n J*Oi!L ©Bk use. over fifty years by. the leaders of the Mormon Church . D
m a " d tlleir followei ; s - Positively cure the worst cases in H
ffl l^fili^^H old and y° utl S arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipa- ¦
¦ KSsOTwi V° n> excesscs or cigarette-smoking, Cure Lost Man- S
H WS&VlJflel I 1 ' Im P° tenc y. Lost Power, Night Losses, Insomnia
H Vml&¥;$8° ¦ ains ln Bacl< ' Evil Dcsircs > Lame Back, Nervous Debil- 5
H ny ' IIea( * acli e, Urifitness to Marry, Loss of Semen. Vari- |
= '.. 7^7^— - 1 cocele or Constipation, Stop-Ncrvous Twitching. of Eye- I
¦ , lids, ; Lftects ar€ immediate,' I in ;Q^ -J parts : vigor and potency/ to \ ¦
g every function. Don't K et de f~ g\ spondent: a cure is at hand ¦
g Restore small, undeveloped or JJ^ H f pans. Stimulate the brain and 5
B nerve centers; 50c a. box; 6 lor\%Lf : \JjS2.So by,mail. ; .:A : written '«niar-' : " 5
¦ cisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG/CO., 38 and £ihkd%. ' **"' 5
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KSNDS. ..
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER. . '
...OIL STOVES...
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS
NO ODOR.
52 I&SkI: 309 io 3/7 Market Street
San Francisco.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
' . ' ¦ ¦ '• FREE I P/1EEI -
ffinnnnB (s permanently removed by DR.
Pfflrffii^K «n<1 MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE.
lMr^«yS¥» Donohoe building. 1170 Market at..
tH£^33F^2%ft*'ltIi the electric needle, wlthotlt
KLfiB» '^,Jf rnln or «car. First Bitting free.
HKgtTV»>B Houm. 1 to ? p. , m. Brahman
Hwpy -laii fotlet Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth
irjy — ro|Powdorii, 25e. All druwUti.
vwmjr«tiff/n f <n rge * toclt alwa y s ftt J. &•
ADVEBT1SE3SIBNTS.
ADVE&TISE3QSNTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Stops
Gray Hair
before it spoils your beauty, and puts
the seal of age on a youthful face.
MRS. NBTTIi; HARRISON'S
4-Day Hair Restorer
Is a harmless preparation that restores
gray or faded hair to its natural color,
without any inconvenience or disagree-
able after effects. Not a dye; cleanly
to use; free from sediment' or sticky
matter. Price $1.00 a bottle. All drug-
gists. .' ' '
MRS. NBTTIR HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST.
78-80 Genry St. San Fronclsco.
iBiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiniiiiiigHiBiiuBiiaiBiiia
¦ -••r • ¦¦' v/U t ¦ > ; r>rlCv9 b
j Thdt Cut Competition. |
i No Disappointment. Goods and Prices Exactly as Advertised. a
I Prices That Astonish and Please. Q
¦ fiOLDEN (iATE I
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE !
¦ During the coming week, in order to make QUICK SALES, will offer m
§ Tailored Suits, {10.00. Ms* |
Pure Wool Black Vene- V^S? 3
tian Tailor Suits, newest ti&s&h cl^ "Wz ¦
box coat effects. The tail- /yl\\ ilXzJsff H
oring is of our standard Mf / u J^^T 2
quality, jacket lined with // VvZm E
durable Italian cloth, the/ 1/ \ \ S
. skirt latest cut, lined with< / L Oi I a
good percaline. Fit jjuar- § J% ¦ \ IS
anteed. Honest value I "\Jf c- \ ¦
$13.50. Our price \^. "
Pedestrian Suit, $12.50. /f o M»
Made of Oxford Golfing 0 W 2
Cloth, 2 styles, nobby Eton f. / n
and new box coat effect. a / B
with, velvet collar, skirt f£ f ¦
ne\y flare flounce, hand- "
sonicly tailor stitched, very 1 1 'XrfJ// 5
stylish, first . class in every I / {SJ,0 2
respect. Real value Sr.^.oo. \ A/^w* n
I . Our price t .$12.5O hF" ¦ , g
! NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, masterpieces of artistic tailoring, at.;., &
I 920.00,925.00,930.00,935.00 5
I Oxford Raglans. §
I New Back, cut in the latesf fashion, the fit is perfect. PRICES BE- bj
I YOND COMPETITION at.......... .....1.77..7.7:. »
I ;...9t>.00, 910.00, 912.50 and 916.00 ¦
J NOVELTY RAGLANS, rich and exclusive, at .....: ¦
I 920.00,925.00,930.00,940.00 j
I Just received/ 100 handsomely trimmed SILK GRENADINE and n
J SILK TAFFETA SKIRTS of a superior grace and precision of de- 0
I sign and cut, the newest flounce novelty 9^2. SO to 94O.0O ¦
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' DRESSES In LONG and SHORT 5
j .' COATS, at extremely POPULAR PRICES. g
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. g
'
Medicated '. i
Complexion Powder gj
No face powder in the world has fl
siven the universal satisfaction of M
' Pozzoni's: no challc. time or zinc— ' M
¦ it's pure Sample free. : E
J. A. Pozzoni. St. Louis. Mo. M
IBMR0BBS9SM!nBR9IBnBBRSSB9EB^!SBBOBB*y
OUR STRAIGHT FRONT CORSETS are distlnctlYelu
superior ln stule and fit and we want uou to see them
for that reason, We show the largest and most complete
line on the coast and we have expert fitters to fit uou.
IT WILL PAY YOU to see our stock and prices of
Silk and Wool Waists. We know that theu fit and the
stules are of the latest. A few of our mang stules and
prices! .•.«:
S1.50. r \ $5.00.
J? A- 3 ?. 1 , E S ' AL-L-WOOL LADIES' TAFFETA
FLANNEL WAIST, read* YKl£ft EIL K WAIST; good qual-
ln the lateet *tyle: full lS®a '^5 button- ln back: full
button front; tlrht fitting 4 T«r - tucked and hemstitched
back; fancy br*Jd«4 tr«m- TV^ \ yoke; tucked and hem-
med j oolors red, black, old ~T \. . *tltched tight flttlnr back;
ro*e. Hrht and dark blue, jrV^^. ma(5e ln »H the new and
ll£tt acd dark rreen. S f ~4f\ popular sbadei.
52.00. s ' M^A S5l0 °-
fancy fuU tucked front- 7$ifuL^ / "v: button ln front; fancy
tlrht fittlar: tucked back : /r,1/'lJ?>r / corded euid hemstitched
color* all n*w and popular j/mr/\ L £°£? ud , a ™ 1 trimmed in
th&dea. S/ Wy,,l A Eold; made ln all the new
- ¦¦-* 1 Ur A \f\±r and J^P" 1 " shades.
$9 fin WARNERS \ -lift ffC Crt
QL%\i\il HU4T-PROO* RST \ SO. 50.
I# A V I E S 1 ALL-WOOL riNCARAT f '\ rini.L ..™.
FLANNEL WAIST, made ttWKHWr / \ cn^H TAFTeta
ln the very latest style- V^ ' V ° ILK "AIST; rood qual-
tuU front, trimmed with .._.,.,_ L 1 *" tucked and fancy
military T>riidT U°ht fit- LEADING illLE hemstitched full front: col-
Sf 5 po b » 2fe au new OF TO-DAY. §£™ -S'STk, M
l J^r°^ VKR8 "*«««"• FILLED. SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
39c pair. 39c pair.
Crescent Corset Go. p
742-744 MARKET ST., I Successor* to I 1157 RRQAOWAY
SAH FRANCISCO. \ FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKUND ¦ ¦ CAL
« Wc furn »sh homes, flats,
J|A-t4j:^ hotels and rooming-houses . '^^^^^ '
complete. We have all the (^^^M
ffijit^^ft-r • latest designs in fur-
|l" E^3| niture, carpets, cur- •
,'lij' s»^^ji tains and draperies ""^^
and will gladly give F F ! N f B A^ T USSEL - .'
Dainty little drctser ,, rtl , -„ - c + ; n - ni . SQUARES ..?3.2.~, I
wltn three ivomy )OU an estimate. 7 ft. 6 ln. by 8 ft. ! I
drawers and Ger-
man plat* mirror,
$5.95. _>^v_
jrJ^jyF** 21^ Credit if # you wish it, and free
jf~ '^^^hn^Ji deIiv ery within ioo miles. We
??^^^^^*S^<fiv close at 6 except on Saturday. /
J^^^g^ T. Brilliant
** trnrr. FURNITURE CO..
ELEDmoNBED! 338-342 POST STREET, ?
4-4 wid*; only Opposite Union Square. - '
92.00THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
28
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 o'clock, every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. ' '-
COO Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
6S9 McAllister etreet; open until 8:80 p. m.
CIS Larkin Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
Until 9 p. m. >- .'-a-'.'j
1C6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia etrcet; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-srcond and Ken-
tucky Btreets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmere" street: cpen until 9 p. m.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
CLAinyOYASTS^oiitlnned.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana:
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken:teI.Howard 1848.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448H Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; bustness
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 333-S57 Teh.ama st. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market st.; phone Mint 1095.
•AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c;renovated:relald. 105 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 gutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable.' .1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East. 128.
CITY Steam Carp9t-be:.tlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mur.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
• - - CHIROPODISTS. -
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet.
. diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails: painless cure
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
LARGE cottage. 8 rooms. 2 baths, stable, etc.:
beautiful erounds: lot 137:6x120:3 frontages;
rent $65 per month. Apply A- J. RICH &
CO., 112 Montgomery ' st.
TO let— New cottage of 4 rooms; Just com-
pleted ; everything convenient. Apply store,
Montcalm and Alabama sts. ' . .
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, yard, $8. Jersey and
Sanchez sts.
NEW cottage, 6 rooms, baths; lot 37:6x100 feet.
Mission. $1800; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny.
$6— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; worth $13 In city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. tT sT mOGINsT^Tliarket street^
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $160;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
. without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar,
ket st., cor. »4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our .specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices ,
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50o; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work dono
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
.Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 64 Blxth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary,nr.Larkln— Pain- '¦
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up ;phonePolkU35.
DR. H. a. TRUMAN dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg,
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. .
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS ANP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men st the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday.
Oct. 1: tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; In-
structor Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A NEW and quick method to become dancing
. teachers, also pupils trained to become ar-
tists for the stage, at IRVINE'S Academy,
421 Post St.; teachers always In demand.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited' preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CORRESPONDENCE Schools; students assist-
ed evenings; lessons In mathematics, mechan-
ics and drawing; send for circulars. 3040 Slx-
teenth St.. J. F. KLENCK.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
1 - opens October 7. Full Information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D., dean, Donohoe bldg.. S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rottbldg.; Individual Instruction ; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech. mr-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1884. Van
der NalUcn School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep.
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand rests only $90. Ban Fran-
Cisco Business College. 1286 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist; etc., for amateur orches.
* tra. 8. F. Conservatory, 801 Jones st.
PIANO lessons; beginners, 85o; advanced pu-
pils, SOc per lesson; German method. Addrees
Teacher, box 843, Call office.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
PIANO lessons at pupils' homos, EOo and $1;
highest references. Address box 628. Call.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
parcd for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for etr-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, SOc;' piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'8 Business College. 24 Post St.. B. F.;
founded 1(63; new 86-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, I
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.*
EMPLOYBIENT OFFICES.
J^PANESE^and Chi nese ~h1»lp"^r^'lf~kTndT;
. cooks, .waiters < and > house servants.- GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best. help.- 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
1 estbd. 1850. 621 M California St. ; tel. Red 401. ,
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish moat
reliable help. 624 Bush st.: tel. Bush 816.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
¦ nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black CO72.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B188.
KMPLJ>YM^
YOUNG woman desires a situation aa cham-
bermaid and seamstress or take care of chil-
dren. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A WOMAN wishes a situation In a private
. family to do housework; a good cook; kind to
children. Please call 47 Shipley st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to go out washing
by the day. Apply 666 Brannan St., rear.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, an excellent house-
¦; keeper, • understanding well the care of chll-
: dren, < wishes - a position an housekeeper In
private family or. Institution; no objection to
'country. Box 624, Call. ¦ ,
A MIDDLE-AGED lady, experienced In trav-
eling, i would ¦ like situation as companion to
Invalid, or would take charge of 'children,
parties going East preferred; references. Box
. 820, • Call. .:¦•-. ':¦¦•¦¦ ¦.•»«.•,..,.; , ,-¦. ..- ¦<¦'...,. ¦ .¦„.,:¦,•.,,. -
A POSITION ¦ doing ., straight . chamber work.*
Box 760. Call office. ' •
SALOON for sale — On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO., San Rafael, Cal.
DELICACY store cheap; business averages $10
per day; good reason for sale; thorough In-
vestigation Invited. Box 622. Call office.
$3000— NICE clean hardware business in R R.
county seat; good town; good business; great
sacrifice. Address box 846, Call Office.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement st. — Pastor.
Rev. Ralph Coombe; residence. 3115 Jackson
et.: phone Pine «75. Services, 11 a. m. Ser-
mon theme "The Self-Assertlon of Eternal
Law." Services 7:45 p. m.. subject, "The
Vindication of Eternal Justice." Sunday
school. 8:45 a. m. C. E. Society, 6:45 p. m.
6eats free. Everyone welcome.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission mU. between
Blxth and Seventh— Pastors, Rev. Arthur H.
ErlgBS and Rev. Herbert F. Brlggs. Serv-
ices at 11 a, m. and 7:13 p. m. The pastors
¦will preach morning and evening. Morning-
subject. "Tne Possibilities of Christian
Faith." Evening topic, "The Power of the
Young Galilean." Sunday school, 12:45 p. m.,
Rolla V. Watt, superintendent. Y. P. S. C.
E. 6:15 p. m., addressed by Dr. Condlt on
her work In the Philippines. Musical serv-
ices under the direction of Mrs. Koscoe War-
ren Lucy.
$1000— FOR sale, delicatessen store; good loca-
tion; receipts $40 to $60 per day; rent $15; I
guarantee this bargain. FRANK E. DEN-
KEN, room 32, 14 McAllister st.
WE. require an energetic manager in this sec-
tion; unusual opportunity for right man. THE
McGUIRE-DRYDEN CO.. 11- Maiden Lane,
New York City.
$200— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $15 to $13
a week, with chance of Increase; no experi-
ence required. 25 .Geary St., room 1.
OUR new system of turf speculation safer,
more profitable than operating on Board of
Trade; explanation free. HAND & CO.,
handicappers, 804 Park Row bldg., New York.
f IRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams.
D D. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:43
p ml Morning topic, "The Drawing Power
of Sacrifice." Evening topic. "Bearing the
Yoke In Youth" (a special service for young
men). All are welcome.
AT ONCE.
Old-established paying shoestore on principal
street; compelled to sell at once; no bonus
for good will asked. Address box 830. Call.
A RARE chance — Established 20 years; sta-
tionery and notions; three living, rooms; will
be sold at a sacrifice on account or death in
family. Call Sunday, 2 to 6 p. m. t 450 Third.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia, and Octavia sts.— John Hemphill. D.D..
pastor; Rev George G. Eldredge. associate
pastor. Dr Hemphill will preach at 11 a. m.
Topic "An Unlinlshed Life." Mr. Eldredge
•will preach at 7:45 p. m. Topic, "Who Is
Free?" Rallying day exercises at close of
morning service. The nineteen Christian cen-
turies; appropriate music Y. P. S. C. E..
6:80 p m.; all cordially invited.
WANTED— Small ranch within 100 miles of
city; some Improvements and never falling
spring water; will give a fine paying grocery
clearing S125 month In exchange; no agents;
owner only. ' 639 McAllister st.
BT PAUL'S Caui-ch. California St., near Fill-
more— liev. William Maxwell lleilly. rector.
Holy communion. <:S0 a, m. Morning service
and eennon. 11 o'clock. Preacher, the Kt.
Rev Peter Trimble Bow*. D.l>.. Bishop of
Alaska. Evening iservlc* and sermon. 7:4..
o'clock. Preacher, the Rt. Rev. Sidney C.
Partridge, D.D., Bishop of Kyoto.
PARTNER wanted to take active part in light
business where $500 can be made the next 60
days, with chance for $100 a month the year
round; must have $600 and be willing to as-
sist generally. 23 Geary st.', room i;
A-CHLT.CH of St. Mary the Virgin tEpfsco-
pal). corner Steiner and Union sts.— Uniou-
tl cars pass tne door; high mass at 11 a. ni. ;
rr.astos of the masters, arranged lor bt. Alary
the Virgin, with organ and wind Instrument
iiccompauimentfeolfcmn vesper* of the \ "gin
Mary at 4 in the afternoon; "Ave Maria.
¦•Oreeoriane." "O Saluuu-id" and "Tantum
Ergo." arranged for St. Mary the Mrgin;
John Haradcn Pratt. F. C. M.. director of the
choir; mats tald daily at 7:30 a, m.; vespers
dally at I v. ni. '
CUL'RCll SERVICES.
$200 — WANTED, active man for permanent,
profitable manufacturing business; light work,
easily handled; quick returns; no competition
or agency; $2C0 required; full particulars In
Interview only. Box 825, Call office.
RELIABLE party from Central America., thor-
oughly understanding cultivation of rubber,
wants to meet two or three parties. with view
of starting plantation; can bring to produc-
tion large plantation with small capital; this
Is a rare chance and will bear Investigation.
Address box 4993, -Call office.
HONEST speculation— Make your money earn a
steady Income; $25 upward invested with us
will earn 20% to S0% monthly, payable every 15
days; send for our new book "Successful Sys-
tematic Speculation" mailed free; tells how
to operate on the grain market without losb;
highest commercial, financial and successful
customer references. FREDERICK E. PAR-
KER, Broker, 155 La Salle St., Chicago. . j
$1CH3O— An old-established candy business on
main street; a fine Investment.
$2250— A fine saloon on prominent corner in
Oakland; paying big; »;ood reasons. for selling.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. .
' 1008 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
1800- A NEAT well paying lodging-house; right
in town. :¦' * ' . ¦ '
ATTENTION'.— Buyers will find It to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
& CO., 935 Market at., phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400" 22 r $800 16 r $303
20 r...... 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r..\... 600 12 r...... 400
15 r 700 8 r 350 10 r 400
8r 650 6r 225 7r 225
900
28 rooms; rent $50; a snap
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st
15 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $1000
16 rooms; rent $50; part cash 1000
17 rooms; rent $50; reduced to 800
IS rooms; rent $37; clean house S0O
20 rooms; central; fine furniture 1200
WANTED— Lady with $250 as manager for se-
lect board and rooming house; no trlfiers
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
Above are samples; please call for free list.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold........ |400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 430
7 rooms; nicely f urn. ; good home....;... 875
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central.... . 8700
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 3250
22 rooms; corner; good transient: clean.. 1500
19 rooms; something good; see It... 2500
85 rooms; elegant; one of the best... 8000
$5000—37 rooms; Kills; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market Bt.
40 rrns. ; near theaters and .street cars; rent
H a room ; roomers pay i 10 to $15 per room ;
house clears about $115 each month; terms ft
cash, balance monthly Installments $2600
20 rms.; new oak furniture; new heavy Brussels
carpets; rent $50; full of men; income always
more than $125; all light rooms; owner must
sell at onco because of death in family.. $600
10 rms.; on Golden Gate tLve. ; flue sunny house;
large rooms; furniture <good; each month
clears $40 ; ..$850
61 rms. ;• clears 'about $200 a month; I will
exchange for farm or sell for % cash. ...$4000
14 rms.; central corner; newly furnished; clean;
clears $53 per month: offices; all men $1050
8 rms.; rent $20; clears $45 per month $300
Several hotels and boarding-houses; all sizes
Office near Call Building.
I have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1, 2.
7 rooms; Fifth st 173
MONEY LOANED ...... Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12,
WE HAVE HOUSES. IN ¦ .
¦ ALL PARTS OF THE CITY,
24 rooms; Geary st. ; payments WOii
15 rooms; Sutter st. ; central .'. 600
I.ODCINO HOUSES FOR. 8AI>F5— Cow.
ATTENTION/BUYERS!
--COME TO US FOR BARGAINS./
-HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
• 24-room workjngman's house} cheap rent. $500
6-room flat: all, rented ..••. 225
• 21 rooms; country; transient; clears $160.. 1400
12 rooms on Ellis; fine location; clears $75. 650
70-room apartment house 4000
42 rooms; grand halls; fine Income ........ 2600
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
14 rooms: transient; clears $125 650
21 rooms; (500 cash, balance payments.... 1C00
SO rooms; rent $100; clears $250............. 1500
100 rooms; grand corner;' clears $400...... 6000
70 rooms;; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk st.; all rented 325
14 rooms;, Post St.: good 1200
10 rooms: Sutter st. ; swell location.. 350
10 rooms; Eddy; furnished fine...... " 800
11 rooms; desirable location .' 450
'7 rooms; O'Farrell st.... .; 400
16 rooms; Howard st.; housekeeping 600
12 rooms; Bush st S0O
- FIATS TO LET.
FLATS, Cottages. «tc. A. M. SPECK & CO..
954 6 Eddy?u!' f. » r... $651348 Waller: m. f. 5 r.CO
1432 Taylor; m. f . 7 r «|3978 ISth; L f . 5 r.... n
2414 Van Ness: m.f.8r 421519 Stevenson; h. 4 r. IS
1406 Pacific; u. t. 1 r. 2711434 Howard ;m. f.3n
EDDY 931, near Franklin— $65; a beautiful new
upper flat Just completed, containing 10 rooms
and bath; saloon parlors with arch lights.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 214.223
Montgomery st.
$18 AND $20—3737 and 3733 Sacramento St., near
Spruce, 2 new sunny modern flats of 4 and J
rooms! respectively. SHAINWALD. BUCK-
BDE & CO., 213-220 Montgomery st.
VERY desirable upper French flat. 10 large
rooms- bay windows in every room; beautiful
view; elegant grounds: keeping no expense to
tenant. Northwest corner Portola st. and Du-
bose Park, off Waller, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
»»n_HOllSE 9 rooms and bath; 826 Waller.
lI^Flat • rooms and bath: 2MA Thirtieth
llS^Flat 5 rooma and bath; 650 Church.
PATTERSON & CO:. 11 City Hall square.
FOR sale-nearly new furniture and carpetj
of a «-room flat; fine goods; call Monday
only bet. 10 a. m. and 6 p. m.: no dealers.
173 Douglass »t.; take 18th st. cars.
EDDY. 954. bet. Franklin and Gough-FIat. i
rooms, bath, separate toilet; parlor, d nln S -
room and hall ceilings frescoed; sun all day.
TTLAT 4 rooms and bath; stable: yard; rent
$12- Mission warm belt. 1548 Twenty-third
it.,* bet. Valencia snd Guerrero.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath: basement and
large garden f modern improvements. 128 Dla-
mond VS.. bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
BEAUTIFUL new sunny 7 rooms; modern, up-
toVdate. See 1 to 6 daily: Van Ness aM
Union.
COLE. 773-775. bet. Beulah and Frederick st».—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. |
A SUNNY FLAT of three rooms: nicely fur-
nished; very reasonable. 725 Fulton st.
BROADWAY, 1230B-Sunny lower flat. » rooms,
tiled hearth. large kitchen, clean; CO.
CLINTON Park. 242. bet. Uth and 14th jts.. oft
Guerrero— Upper flat. 6 rooms ana bath.
FLOOR 4 sunny rooms; reasonable: nochll-
dren. 6 Martha place, off Geary, nr. Mason.
GROVE 1615. near Lyon— Sunny upper flat. •
rooms.' bath, yard, cellar; Golden Gate Park.
HAYWARD st., 2. near Eighth— Sunny upper
flat. * rooms: rear: il.
HAYES St.. 1745. near Park Panhandle— Upper
sunny flat: bath; $13; water free.
SUNNY 8-room: S kitchens; corner _bay win-
dow ; mlddlejmodern^ICe£_417H_Tnfcrd_st ; _^
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath. 4064 Nlneteentni
St., near Castro.
FLAT of 6 rooms; gas rang*; $lk Jersey and
Sanchez sta. ¦ _____^________
DORE. 319— A nice upper sunnr flat 4 rooms:
good order; rent $3 month. _^
LOWER flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1418 De>vis»-
dero St., near Geary.
O'FARRELL, 1933^Modern flat. • rooms, bath.
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY upper flat. 8 rooms and bath; new
plumbing; flrst-class condition. 2108 Baker st.
$23— MODERN flats, 7 rooms and bath; 1405B
Pacific ave. Call Mil Pacific ave.
j $11— 291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth, flat S rooms,
bath, gas; nice yard. '
2 SUNNY flats: lower 5 rooms, upper 4 rooms;
rent reasonable. 1245 Pacific st.
6 LARGE sunny rooms and bath. 68 Four-
teenth St., near Folsom; rent VS.
$12—3 SUNNY rooms. 628 Greenwich st., near
1 Stockton. Inquire next door; no children.
J10— LOWER flat. 4 rooms; biff yard. 83 Moss
St., off Howard, near Seventh.
UPPER flat. S sunny front rooms and bath;
rent $18. SW. corner Geary and Wood sta.
FLATS FOR. SALE FCBNISHED.
NICELY furnished upper sunny flat for rent:
very reasonable ; six ' rooms and bath. 3133
Twenty-second st.. between Howard ant
Mission; please call after 11 a. m. to-day.
TO let— Handsome 4-room parlor flat, furnished;
few steps from cars; south front; healthy
location; splond'.«i view; only $22; no children.
Eox 801, Call office.
4-ROO1I basement flat, partly furnished; few
steps from cars; healthy location: nice gar-
den: only $13; no children. Box 773. Call.
CAPP. 913, near Twenty-fourtlj — Completely
furnished flat. 4 rooms, bath; porch; $20; no
children. __^^^^___^^___^^____
FURNISHED flat in Sauaallto. 8 rooms, bath,
electric light. $25. Apply DR. HILL on prop-
crty.
FRAMES A XP nCTCRES.
CLYDElI KELLER, 128-13o" Hayes, nr. V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FCHSITUKE FOR SALE.
$17 60— SOLID oak bedroom set; plat* mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2 — Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $43 50. with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis St.; telephone Jessl«
14S4; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
FOR sale— Furniture 4 rooms and bath: prlca
$125; rent $15. 912 Ellis: sunny side; lower flat.
3000 yards carpet; leather library set. 5 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT. 708 Valencia st.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE good as- new of 3 rooms for
housekeeping. 262 Minna st. : no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys turaltur*.
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 923 Howard st;
tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Rsd 1354.
CLOVES.
D. St T. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price";
warranted: kept in repair. 1M Grant ave.
LADY wants gentleman buy Interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865, Call.
WANTED— Working partner with some capital
In a new manufacturing enterprise; quick re-
. turns. Factory, 235 Valencia st.
$200— LUNCH room and delicacy clearing $125;
sacrificed account other business; fine place;
man and wife. Box 831, Call office.
CENTENARY Methodist Episcopal Church
(South). Bush st.. between Gough and Octa-
via. ets.— Bishop W. W. Duncan will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. All are invited-
Seats free.
6MP6ON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.
—Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "Christianity Ib Christ," and
at 7:45- p. m. on "Breaking the Alabaster
Box." Splendid music by large chorus choir.
I E. Blake, director. Seats free. All in-
vited. Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
THE First Mental Science Temple meets every
Punday morning at 11 o'clock in Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter et. ; new thought subjects
presented. The public cordially Invited to at-
tend. This morning. Dr. James A. NVld will
lecture. Subject. "The Twentieth Century
Religion." Seats free. Collection will be
taken.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bar-
gain. 2760 Mission St., no agents.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap; must sell on ac-
count of sickness. 1446 Market st.
FOR SALE— The Call agency In Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
LADY wants gentleman buy interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865, Call.
BAKERS— To let, large store, with oven; good
location; well adapted for bakery and coffee
saloon. S21 Ellis st. '
GOOD carpenter to take half Interest in one
of the best shops In the city. Address box
873. Call office. ,
PARTNER— Lady or gentleman with $500 to
travel; legitimate business; references ex-
changed. Box 641, Call office.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium. See her
for «, few days at 858 Mission st. : .
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st.— Readings, 60c, $1;
clr. Sun., Tues., Thurs. and Frl. nights, 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
EARLE, independent slate writer; 828 Ellis; tcl.
Polk 1601; seance Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m,
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday ladles, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings dally, 60c.
FREE ; proof, ladles, before beginning, develop
your medlumistlc gifts; guarant. full names;
90 days. 724 Poet st. ; Franklin on door. .
BROCKWAY' S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday. Thursday and Friday. 8:13
p m.; 25c. 299 Hyde.cor.Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MME. GYEISN, well-known trance medium;
sittings dally from l to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. ex-
cept Sunday. 993 Market St., parlors 14-15.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. *2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday" evenings. 1035 Market st.
BROCKWAY tells everything; he keeps nothing
from you; In matters of business or social
affairs he Is without a peer; his charges are
.always the same; business readings dally, $1;
by mail, $2; . seance' to-night, Tuesday and
Thursday, 8:15 p. m., 26c. 299 Hyde St., cor-
ner Eddy.
SPIRITUALISM.
$15 RENT— Complete office furniture for sale;
make an'offer at once. 753 Market st.
$50— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, • laun-
dry; suitable for lady. 437 Fulton st.
WANTED— To buy a business for spot cash.
Box 863, Call office.
FOR SALE— Large saloon In Western Addi-
tion. Apply Bavaria Brewery.
THE Theo?ophical Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening in Theosophle Hall,
Odd FellowF* bulldinir. To-nicht. "The Two
Souls In Man." Library and reading-room
open dally from 1 to 4 p. m. Golden chain
every Punflsy at 11 a. m.
THEOSOPHICAL— Free public lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood bulldlnr. 809 Market
st. Subject to-night. "The Evolution of
Man." by Swaml Abhavananda- Bible class
Fundavs. 11 to 12. by Miss Marie A. Walsh.
Clast- Theosophlcal principles Thursdays. 2:30
to 4. Fre* lending library open Monday,
Thursday nnd Saturday. 1 to 4 p. m. and Sat-
urday evenings. Public cordially invited.
GOSPEL Tent, corner Page and Gough sts.. 1
block from Market— Free public lectures by
J. McDonald, evangelist from Australia, to-
day at 3 and 7:45 p. m.. and each evening In
the week (except Saturday) at 7:45 o'clock.
Subject. "The Tabernacle in the "Wilderness."
illustrated by magic lantern. All cordially
Invited. No collection.
$$00— SNAP; good saloon, near city;" main
street; cheap rent. 412 Examiner building.
UNDERTAKING— Will buy an Interest or form
company. Box 845, Call office.
FIVE ladies wanted with J200 each as directors
In gold mining company having rich deposit
in Shasta Co. G. NEWTON & CO., 759 Market.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny st.
and Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible les-
son at 11 a, m.: subject. "Unreality." Sun-
rtay school for children at the same hour.
¦Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free, reading-room, 306 Kearny St.. room 510.
All are welcome..
A — CHANCE to begin life over again; oppor-
tunity for gentleman having $376 to net $90
per month In a pleasant, clean, safe cash
business. HEDGES BROS., 410 Parrott bldg.
SALOON business In Oakland for sale; IS
years established; paying business; in best lo-
cation; with fixtures, stock, safe, etc.; to be
disposed of at a bargain. See DA VIE. BON-
KER & HILLMAN. 911 Broadway. Oakland.
EXCHANGE new 6-room. bath, cottage. $1200.
for lodging-house; state particulars. Ad-
dress box 781. Call office.
1S-ROOM lodcrlng-house for sale cheap; $150;
must be sold by the 1st; sacrifice; sickness.
691 Geary St.
MODERN house of 6 rooms and bath; m
blocks south of Golden Gate Park. 1348
Eleventh, ave. .. • ¦ . .- . .
WANTED — For rash, good li> to 25 room house;
central: well furnished. Addrcss box 668. Call.
SEVENTH Day Adventist Church, 914 Laguna
et,. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
— Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by
the pastor. Elder W. S. Sadler. Subject,
"These Signs Shall Follow Them That Be-
lieve." All are cordially invited to attend.
Beats free.
FOR sale— Candy store; rflce clean tamale par-
lor. 1506 Howard st.
HOUSES Rooming Houses Houses
¦....I either have or can secure your Ideal....
M. K. B. WALLACE, Columbian building,
916 Market St.. room 73.
SPECIAL musical sen-ice at Trinity Church
September 29. 1901. at 7:45.
PATENT rights " of a' valuable Invention for
sale. Address box 632, Call office.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
917 Market st.. near Fifth.'
WANTED— Sober and honest partner In optical
business. Box Sll, Call office.
FOR exchange— Lodging-house for chicken
ranch near town. Box 829, Call office.
MEETING NOTICES. ...,':._._
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. &¦*-*
T., 8 Poet st.— Officers and memberj ]Jlr
are hereby notified to asscrr.Me in • tha (jUJ
asylum on SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
at 1:15 o'clock, for the purpose of at-
• tending the funeral of our deceased frater,
SIR STEWART MENZIES. By order of the
Commander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Rec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. • '
AL— Special meeting 'SUNDAY, ¦ Sep- ,-4\_
tcmber :y. at 1 o'clock p. m., for the 113?
purpose of conducting tha funeral ser- / V
vice* of our deceased brother, ¦ Past Mas-
ter STEWART MENZIES. By order of the
W;'M. . H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
THE members of the Past Masters' As- m
sociatlon, V. and A, M.. of California, _JV_
aro lequestPd to attend the funeral of TK >f
our late brother, STEWART MEN- /V>
Z1ES., P. M. of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, at
Masonic Temple. THIS SUNDAY. September
2». 1301. at 1:30 o'clock p. m. By order of
the President.
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY LODGE No. 222, I. O.
O. F. - Initiation MONDAY
EVENING, September 30.— Two -?Ss$83&5r
candidates. All brothers -cordially -'w/lt'PP'*
invited. C. F. PHILLIPS, N. G.
J. J. PHILLIPS, Rec. Sec.
ALTA Lodge No. 203. I. O. O. F.-Inltlatlon
MONDAY eve.. Sept. 30. C. O. Paradls. N. G.
BURNABY Lodge No! 184. _j4^fS.
Sons of St George.— Offl- (sr^^L^r
cers and members are hereby tt/sLET \4^
notified to attend the funeral "^W-Ov ™^^
of our late brother. THOMAS »<^_>Jir — \.
WILLIAMS, from his lat- |\E«^Sr
residence, 524 Connecticut \ • y3Csj%/
n., SUNDAY, Sept. 29, 1901, »J2frggggffi
at 1 p. m. Interment Mount 3^
Olivet Cemetery ROBT. J. AIREY. Sec.
TRIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association^
All members of this association are requested
to assemble at their hall, 32 O'Farrell St..
THIS SUNDAY at 12 o'clock to attend the
funeral of our late employer STEWART
MENZIES. By order of
ALEXANDER CAMPBELL, Prest
HUGH McKEVITT. Rec. Secy.
PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN ASYLUM AND
HOME SOCIETY— The annual meeting of the
members of this society will be held on SUN-
DAY, September 29. 1901, at 2 p.m., at the
Asylum, corner Hayes and Devisadero sts.
The annual reports- of the officers will be
submitted, five trustees elected and such
other business transacted as will come before
the meeting. By order
j MEYER H. LEVY. Secretary.
JOINT picnic given by Portuguese Protective
and Benevolent Association and ladies of
Portuguese Protective Union of California,
Sunday, October «, 1901, at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley. The First Regiment Band
of Oakland has been engaged for thl* oc-
casion, also a fine string band for dancing-
In the upper hall In the Azorean style. Ad-
miEslon to the park, 25 cents: children under
12 years free. Association leaves on 10 a.
m. b<mt.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice Is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 8. 1901, at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
FRENCH Mutual Benevolent Society (French
Hospital) — The members of the society are
hereby notified that a special general meet-
Ing will take place NEXT SUNDAY, Sep-
tember 29, 1901, at 1:30 p. m., at Union
Square Hall. 421 Post st.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Secretary.
"" ""*"*"^~ "— ***~^ "* ~ """^ *"*"* ""^^
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUN'KE. 1416 Eighth gt.. Alameda. -
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS, also general traveling & resident dis-
trict managers to handle the only authorized,
official, authentic life of President McKlnley;
[ also giving lives of our other martyr Presi-
dents, Lincoln & Garfield; complete Inside
history of the villainous workings' of the an-
archistic societies; profusely illustrated; over
b'ri pages; liberal commissions to agents & a
straight guaranteed salary to those in the ad-
vanced positions; you never had a better op-
portunity to make big money quick than you
have to-day; you can make $5u0 a month for
the next three months pushing: this marvelous
book; strike now while the Iron Is hot; do not
delay, for every day Is worth from $10 to $20
to you; and bear In mind that If you demon-
strate to us that you can sell books that later
in the fall we will be willing to employ you
under a straight-out, guaranteed salary to
appoint and Instruct other agents.; this Is the
chance of a lifetime; credit given; freight
paid; outfit free; write' to-day and send 10c
for postage on outfit. Co-operative Publishing
Co.. 909-356 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
MEMORIAL life of McKinley by his life-long
friend, Murat Halstead. the historian. Pos-
itively the largest and finest book published;
size 8x10 inches;' 100 splendid illustrations;
price only $1 50; terms 100 per "cent profit,
credit and freight paid. Large photograph
of McKinley free with each book. Outfits
ready and mailed free to those meaning. busi-
ness. Don't be fooled by promises of "ex-
: elusive territory." Don't work for 40 per cent;
we give 100 per cent profit, and will also di-
vide $1000 In cash prizes among our agents.
i Address American Book and Bible House. 146
No. Tenth St., Philadelphia. Pa.
, AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money; our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State in Union and every country In the
world; also 1900 census complete; over 400
pages maps and descriptive matter; sells at
Eight; send 25c for sample and terms to
agents. Rand. McNally & Co., Chicago, 111.-
AGENTS "WANTED— "For the Illustrious Life
of William McKlnley, Our Martyred Presi-
dent," by Murat Halstead; prospectus and
agents' outfit free; now In stock. THE
WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market St.
: OUR martyr Presidents, McKlnley, Garfield,
Lincoln; their Illustrious lives and glorious
detds; handsomely illustrated: outfit sent on
receipt of 25c. J. A. HOFMANN, 1219 Bush.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley; COO page!
large book; handsomely illustrated; outfit
free: now ready. S. C. MILLER & CO., Port-
land. Or. • ¦ .
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
' HALSTEAD'S "Life of Prerldent McKinley";
agents wanted. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood bulldlnr.
GENTLEMEN and lady agents wanted every-
where. A. B. MURRAY, box 418. San Rafael.
ASPHAL.TUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. . 1186 Mission; tcl. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY. .
ASTROLOGY— Your Immediate prospects and
test sketch ot life by an expert predlctionlst;
send dat« of birth, sex and 12c. PROF. SER-
RANO. box 6238, Boston. Mass.
ATTOUNEYH AT LAW!
ADVICE fre*— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
10 years. Atty. G. W.ilOWB, 860 Market St.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
I*ctions;attachrncnts; mortgages; bills of sale*,
partnerships;' deeds;wllls drawn;fees low;op«n
eve's. THUR8TON, 1008H Mkt., r. 4, op. 6th.
ADVICE free; open eve.: moderate fee If suo-
cersful. gDW. R. SHIRRAN, 827 Market st.
ADVICK free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Bpreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Child to board; pleasant country
home. MRS. HALLIDAY. corner Stuart and
Sacramento sts.. Lorln. Berkeley.
LADY wishes child to board: country home;
easy terms: reference. L. LEITHMANN,
Dlmond PostofHce, Frultvale. ;
WANTED— Young boy to board In refined fam-
lly. MRS. GEORGE SANDOW. 762 Clayton.
WIDOW would like 2 small children to board.
25 John St., off Powell.
LADY wants two small children to board;
mother's care. Apply 2812. Pine st. , ;.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low, terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD. :
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2966.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU TnPNKg. ~~
ASK to see Lundbeck's Improved' drawer
trunk; at sll dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
MAN with $500 capital; best investment for the
money In tha city. McBRIDE & CO., 1016
Market st.. opposite Fifth. :
CHOP houte, $125. McBRIDE & CO., 1016
Market «t.
GROCERY and bar. $CCO. McBRIDE 4 CO..'
1016 Market St. . '
A-IK09-GROCERT and bar; estab. 16 years-
fine trade. A. II. RETSLOFF, 806 Market st!
HONEST speculation— Make your money earn a
steady Income; $25 upwards Invested with us
will earn 20% to *0% monthly, payable every
15 days; send for our new book "Successful
Systematic Speculation" . mailed free- tells
how to operate on. the grain market without
loss; ¦ highest commercial, financial -and suc-
cessful customer references. FRBpERICK E5
PARKER, Broker, 1SB La Salle^fV Chicago!
$200— GENERAL" blacksmith shop; centrally lo-
cate/i; will earn fg to JlO per day; a bargain.'
See twner, 215 Kearny st,. room 7.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church,* Bartlett st, near
Twenty-third— Morning service, 11 o'clock.
Subject. "Tour Reason for Leaving Christ. (
Preacher, Rev. J. George Gibson. Evening,
7:30. baptism; barytone solo. "Over the Thorn
and Thistle" (Stebbins). and sermon by Rev.
J. George Gibson.
BARGAIN— Branch bakery and variety store;
must be Bold this week. 1302 DevlBadero.
$1500—20 NICELY furnished rooms; all rented:
rent $100 per month.
$850—12 fine furnished rooms; rent $60.
$400—8 fine furnished rooms; rent $30.
All north Market st.; good location.
FRANK E. DENNEN. Room 32, 14 McAllister.
SMALL amount of capital and services to In-
vest in estab. business. Box 636, Call office.
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market St., opp. Fifth.
20-room house, $350; 6-room house, $125; 10-
room house, $150; 10-room house on Eddy St.,
J650; 11-room house. $650; 20-room house, $1500;
21-room house, $1250; half cash, balance to
suit the buver.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR- SALE.
PACIFIC Coast I Underwriting Co. (Inc)-Ws
have 43 offices In operation; new method of
. placing stocks and bonds; , companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, (07-8-1 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed: stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial : propositions wanted- go m
bonds furnished.- PACIFIC STATES MINLNU
AND INVESTMENT, CO., . 228 Post £ l!S1NU
yiJTANCIAL.
EXPERIENCED operators on neck-band and
sleeve machines: also several youn*c girls to
fold and press overshlrts. Standard Shirt
Factory, corner Gough and Orove sts.
A MIDDLE-AGED American or German wo-
man can have a good., quiet home in small
family in consideration of her services- raf.
erences. Box 387. Call office. ",
WANTED—* salesladies for millinery shtrt
waists and cloak department; only experi-
enced bands need apply. R. rj> DAVIS &
Co.. corner Geary st. and Grant ave. '
EXPERIENCED girt for cooking and general
housework for country; must be a good t O™-
man cook: 3 in family; wages $30 • referpni«
Room 32. Hotel Cranada^Jtter st
WANTED— A good Scandinavian or Oernian
££l J £%, 8utter ¦«•• Sunday, b.twiVoi ¦
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
19 rooms on one floor $900
18 rooms on Pont St.... ..1400
' 8 rooms; ¦ fine yard 350
20-room house; clears $100.. 1400
33 rooms; worth $2800 1600
10 rooms; very good .' 400
12 rooms; corner. v 500
ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY SOLD ON
PAYMENTS.
10-room, house; fine location..... ' 425
24 rooms; on Geary ct.. 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 01X0
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
86 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month (300 1G0O
8 rooms; fiat; near City Hall .ir.n
16 rooms; fine -corner; clears $80.: COO
; 48 rooms;' hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth St.: Clears 880.......... 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150...... 1C0O
18 rooms; corner; just like home.. ir,oo
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new.. 750
82 rooms; offices; clears $250 ' 3. p >00
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List your store, saloon or business place 'with
me; can sell for cash; no charges for adver-
tising; only 6 per cent commission : when sold.
Call, write or phone H. C. DECKER, : 1020
- Market st., Mint 796. ¦ ¦ V
A. CAMERON & CO.. .
' », '¦ 860 Market st., and 8 Stockton et.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23.' Phone Bush 328. '
See our list of bargains.
45 r. ; oak and mahogany fur.; clears $100. $3000
89 r. ; rent 8125; oak fur. : good carpets.. ..2350
30 r. ; rent 8125; Al trans.; fine fur.:..'....' 2200
24 r. ; rent $110; everything good and clean 1300
21 r. ; rent $46; walnut fur.; housekeeping. 1000
17 r.; rent $100; good fur. and carpets.... 1530
: 10 r. ; rent 847 60: oak fur.; carpets good.. 650
I 7 r.; rent $35; golden oak fur ........'200
6 r.; rent $18; modern flat; good fur..,,.. 210
Over 600 houses listed. ; Call before , buying. ' .
A— "WANTED at once, : tenants ¦ for ne^w ' 60 to
100 room booses. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.,
BMPLOYMEJfT WAXTCD — FCMAliB.
C 8HS 1 SSL?SS o n rae7e°nc l e d s. ta Addres:
box 828, Call office. " ! —
A YOUNG woman wants work for d _ 1 } n 8 j 1 * y ;.
Thursday and Friday washing. Ironing or
Eousecleanlng. 323 Langton st. ,
GERMAN woman; washing and £«£"« *£
the day; 31 50. Write or call 723 Elghteentn
¦ St.. corner Minnesota. •
POSITION wanted, by a flrst-class colored lady
cook. Address C. T.. 1006 Clay at. J
GERMAN woman wishes to do chamber work
by the day. 60!H4 Natoma at.
A STRONG, reliable woman wants work by
the day. Address M. S.. U8A Eighth st.
COMPETENT young lady stenographer de-
sires responsible position; also copying neatly
done at home. Address box 804, Call.
RELIABLE Danish woman wishes position:
working housekeeper. Addre— 933 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as good
cook; good references. Apply Kamona Hous^.
Thirteenth and Harrison sts.. Oakland, room
40. second ' floor. ;
AN experienced young lady would like position
as cashier; references. Box 2324, Call office.
Oakland. I _
SEAMSTRESS that makes children's clothes
would like to sew in family. 75c per day;
hours 8 to 6. 231 Eleventh st. __
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class go
out by the day; tailor made suits a specialty.
1532 Polk st. - -
YOUNG lady, graduated physician, to assist
in doctor's office, nurse or take charge of
a patient; employment needed. Address box
634. Call office. . '
LADY with good knowledge of languages,
physical culture and sewing, wishes position
in refined family; is fond of children. Ad-
dress Box 835. Call office. '
COMPETENT chambermaid wants work In
hotel or rooming-house. Addrees 1006A Golden
Gate ave. '.
RELIABLE lady would like position as house-
keeper. Address H. J. LEWI3. 1293 Folsom.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
bookkeeper desires position; best of refer-
ences. Box 858, Call. '
AN English lady of refinement to care for
children or companion to lady; speaks French
and Spanish. R. A., 1833 Devisadero st.. San
Francisco. '
EXPERIENCED younsr woman wishes posi-
tion to care for a child or an invalid: refer-
ences. Apply or address E. R-. 347 Liberty st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 SO to
86 week: convenient and respectable; tree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore si
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
EMPLO YMEST WASTED— MAJLE._
SITUATION wanted by an engineer, electri-
cian and machinist of 18 years' practical ex-
perience; have best of recommendations and
references; 35 years old. married and strictly
temperance; have handled atl kinds of dyna-
mos, ensrlnes. motors, etc. ; have . my own
tools; do repairing, winds armatures, etc. Ad-
dreas Superintendent, 2018 Larkln st.
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
ular bookkeeper; terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box 822, Call office.
POSITION wanted by well-educated young
man of 28 years; good penman: best of refer-
ences; understands office work. Box 621. Call.
PHOTOGRAPHER, young man, wishes posi-
tion In photo studio; have experience. Box
818. Call office. !
INDUSTRIOUS younjr man, experienced In
butcher business, wishes a position in the
city. Box 816, Call.
WANTED by experienced youns man. posi-
tion as collector; also Al solicitor; cash bond
If required. Addrees box 637. Call.
A MAN with years of experience as hotel clerk
and steamship purser wants position with
hotel or steamship company; city or country;
unquestioned references. Box 827. Call office.
WANTED— Work in country produce or com-
mission store by man from the country;
steady and Industrious. Box 629. Call.
ELDERLY jsrentleman, Englishman, well edu-
cated, speaks and writes French and German
fluently, bookkeeper, etc., seeks employment,
'clerical or otherwise; willing to work about
place or act as companion to Invalid; city or
country. Box 627. CalL
HOTEL man, compstent, long experience, with
extraordinary large acquaintance, desires
management of country hotel or summer re-
sort. Box 626, Call. --
YOUNG man, 24, just from the East, respect-
able, willing and of good habits, wishes
1 employment of any kind; city or country.
Box 821. Call.
POSITION wanted by flrst-class planer,
matcher, rip saw and endless belt man: good
engineer, stlckerman and handy around mi-
chlnery. C. McQ., 713 -Mission st.
YOUNG man, understands planing mill work,
wants position where he can learn bench
work. Box 824. Call.
PORTER, competent, strong young • man, fa- '•
mlllar with housecleanlng, desires a position:
reference from last place, a State institution.
Box 848, Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants position; un-
derstands the care of horse and cow and be
generally useful; references. Box 813, Call.
YOUNG man of brains and nerve wants posi-
tion; demands immaterial, but remuneration
must be good. Box 2325. Call office, Oakland.
WORK as bookkeeper, cashier, expert account-
ant, ruslness manager, ordinary clerk or as-
elitant or second assistant, or anything tu
make a living; large experience; electric
quickness; linguist. N. R. G., box 754, Call.
SCHOOLBOY, 18, wants work for Saturdays.
Box 806. Call office. '.
YOUNG man desires position bringing him In
close touch with men of means and Influence;
position involving -.personal efforts and re-
sponsibility preferred. Address box 2323. Call
office, Oakland.
GERMAN-AMERICAN couple, competent and
trustworthy, want work on ranch; references.
Address box 803. Call office.
CAREFUL and good experienced neat Japanese
wants position for family work out of city.
Address box 733. Call office. '
WANTED— To contract for the construction of
tunnels by an expert. B. LONG, 1433 Mission.
WANTED— By a reliable man with U years'
experience in the manufacture of cordials and
bitters, a position in a wholesale liquor house;
no objection to country. Box 631, Call office.
GENTLEMAN with European university edu-
cation, speaking and writing S languages, ac-
quainted throughout manufacturing and In-
dustrial European centers, would act as
buyer or representative for flrst-class house.
Address box 850. Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged man, steady Job;
take care of summer residence or willing to
do anything: handy with tools. O. BUR-
ItOWB. 417 Ktarnyst.
COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position on
a private place; thoroughly understands the
care of horses; a careful driver; milk cows;
care garden: good reference. Box 841. Call.
SITUATION wanted by practical engineer of
IS years' experience; understands the dynamo
oil burner and staam fitting. Box 660, Call.
A THOROUGHLY capable and axperlenced
poultry man wants position to manage mod-
ern poultry plant; he Is familiar with all In-
cubator and brooding systems; he is an ex-
pert in raising either chicks, ducks, gees* or
other fowl; several years' apprenticeship on
the largest plants has made him competent
to conduct any plant; references given. Ad-
dress A. LARSON. 618 Pine st.
RELIABLE man wishes position as watchman
in private place, building or factory; 15 years'
experience;, some experience at firing; good
reference. Address box 858, Call office.
ENERGETIC young man, 23. desires practical
work in elect, engineering; willing to work
hard: small wages expected. Address R. O
B.. 1600-1602 Larkln- St.
INDUSTRIOUS yountr man. experienced lr.
grocery and meat business, wants position."
Bnx 864, Call.
PAINTER, whltener and tlnter wants work by
the week or month; willing to make himself
useful; moderate wages. Add, box 866. CaJl.
RELIABLE sober German • gardener: under-
stands the car* lawn, flowers, horses bujrsiea
milking; very useful and willing; good refer-
ences; city or country. Box 270, Call office.
2 JAPANESE boys would like to have positions-
one as waiter at table, one as cook: country
or city. H. O. A.. 1010 Pine st. «""mry
JAPANESE, good cook, wants situation to do
only kitchen work; wages $7 up per week
373 Fourth st. Oakland. y . W>e *'
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been < established at 1034
Valencia st. ¦ w
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklv
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United . States or Canada one year for JL
postage paid. . , **•
AT C. R. HANREN A CO.'B... Phono Orant 133.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT J
Waitress, Sausallto 130
Waitress. Benlcla ......J25
Waitress, Merced jj)
3 waitresses, Lathrop ...;.. .$30
10 waitresses, city uo
B waitresses, restaurant* , $31)
Waitress, assist chambermaid, Belveder*,.$2i>
Laundress, country hotel $20
Mangier, Institution $u
Cook, country hotel, fare paid tui
FAMILY DEPAR.TMENT....""l!T.
Chambermaid and seamstress $2S
t houseglrls. Bakersfltld, ie« parties her*..
• •••#•••• ••••••••••*• ••*•*•••• ••••••*»*,*, ••$*')* fw')
Houseglrl. Bant* Clara County, no wa»h..$20
Middle-aged woman, cara of children.... its
Houseglrl, ranch work $25
Cooks, houseglrls. second girls $10-$3O
C. R. HANBEN it CO 104 a«*nT7t.
WANTED— Laundress and chambermaid $23-
laundress. $30. private family; chambermaid
and seamstress, $25; I parlormaids. $23; 5
cooks. German style. $33; cook $30, second
girl $20, same place; nurse. 1 child. $25-
nurse and second girl. $20; second girl to go
traveling, $20; restaurant cook. $30; cook,
boarding-house, $33. Palo Alto; houseglrls.
San Rafael 823. Sausallto 825. Palo Alto jr.
Alameda $25-$30. Redwood City $23, Oaklanri
$25. Berkeley $23; restaurant waitress $3- S
chambermaids, wait 1 meal, $20-$23; 5 wait-
resses, $20-$2a, city and country. J. K.
CROSETT & CO.. 318 Sutter st.
MISS HORGAN 323 Sutter st.
3 cooks, city, $35; 4 cooks, $30; houseglrl. Oak-
land. $30: 3 houseglrls. city, $30; housegtrl,
country, $30; 20 houseglrls. city and Oakland.
$25 and $20; 4 second girls, city and Oakland
$20 and $25; 10 hotel waitresses. $20 and $23;
- houseglrl for lady. $20; 2 nurseglrls. $15-120.
LADY in each county for branch office work-
no canvassing; straight, bona fide salary paid
each Tuesday with expenses direct from head-
quarters; permanent position; money ad-
vanced for expenses: no capital required ex-
cept good refa.; inclose self-addr'sed. stamped
envelope. Manager. 387 Caxton btdg.. Chicago.
A-ISMAR THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain yearn ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess Is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future; If you are In trouble of
any kind, dlncontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophetess
of world-wldf* fame, and her name has become
a proverb In thousands of homes made happy
by. her aid and advice; Ismar can be con-
sulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m,, Sundays
from 10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1148 Market
St., 6pp. .sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to large number of inquir-
ies from country patrons Ismar wishes to an-
nounce that her readings by mall are equally
as satisfactory as In person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD, '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. Bha
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction . guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
• The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
> he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
• cated at 123 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; | never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 2J5V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reador, born with: double veil— second- sight",
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
' gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
. iioelte Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
• to 6 p. m. ' Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
future;full names given ;sltt Ings 50c. 326 A Ellis.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.:
¦¦ -; the has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
, names given; L. 60c, O. $1. 1079 Mkt., cor. 7th.
PROF. JOHN ¦ ; J.' HULTHEN. clairvoyant^
jjalmlst and card reader: reveals past, present
and future; 50c. . 100714 Market st., near Sixth..
KNOW your.' fate. MME. RICHARDS, astro-
'-. logical-' palmist, reader ; of •¦ human destiny;
.never falls; 25o & 60c; by mail, 50c. 1203 Mlssn.
FR KB, ladles,' morning, September; free test
j readings, : future events and questions ;.abso-
• lutely free. , 724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
MME.' LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
| German spoken, 25c up. 777!4Market el. .room 18. ¦
MM K." WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 23c,
;.: gents SOc. ¦ 961 Mission, nr. 6th; open 'Sundays.
MRS. MAI.umy, ; spiritual card, reader; send
stamp for j cir. ; L., 25c; G., 60c. ;917 Howard.
MRS. BR0WN,'> clairvoyant," . cord reader;
ladles 2.*c, ; gents 60c.",. 132 . Sixth st. ,'V „
MRS. "¦ E. I*-,: ii AV1R. the . great ; clairvoyant
,y card, reader: Indies 25c, gents 60c. 28 Sixth it.'
A RARE chance — For sale, a wholesale and re-
tall liquor business In the thriving elf v. of
Fresno (population 16,000); last year's busi-
ness $50,000; established 13 years; must be sold
on account of death of senior member of firm;
this business Is good to net from S50fl0 to
$6000 a year above all expenses; best location
and long lease. For particulars, »ee CROWN
DISTILLERIES COMPANY, 100 Front st,. S.
V., or address PAUL R. RUBEN, Fresno, Cal.
WANTED— An energetic business man with
$1250 as partner in old-estahlithed coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; fine large horse*
and wagons; large stock on hand; or will sell
the whole: stock and Improvements Invoice
$3000. J. H. BTANTON, 47 Pr»<t st.
WANTED— Grub stake by honest, hardy pros-
pector; has 8 years' flrst-class experience In
Alaska; last winter found location where for-
mations look. wonderfully good. Box 878, Call,
FOR Sale, cheap— 320 acres of excellent coal
land in Pierce County, Washington. For
further Information address box 783, Call.
$300 AND $350— Fine opportunity to invest in
established blackslmth business; price In each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 288, Call office.
FOR sale— An old established fruit store; owner
retiring from business. 41S Third st. ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS.
LNIVERSAL Brotherhocd and Theosophlcal
Bocletr, 210 OTarrell ¦t.—HereaUer puMlc
meetings en l«t» 2d and id Sunday of mouth;
next tr*ettng Oct. 6; Children* Lotus Croup
?very gunday at 11 a. m.
MI2ETI.\«S l.'n I vcrsol ' IJrot herhood.
CHISAPISST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postage paid. . • .
"NOW" lectures. Odd Fellows' bldg., 8 p. m.;
Her.ry Harrison Brown;. music;' seats free.
MI?S. GILLIXGHAM'8 spiritual test meeting
this evening. 10c. 505 Larkln;- hours 1 to 6.
MRS. KOTTER'S eplrltual meeting. 2 and I
p. m.: tests to nil. S4 Sixth St.. room 15.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's test meeting to-nisht;
articles read. 10c; reading dally. 148 Sixth.
A— PROF. GEB, 10S 6th— Circle to-nisht, 10c;
de\'eloping circle Mon. and Wed. night; 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 60S McAllister; 10c; come, skeptic*.
MRS. MARY EVANS, circle to-night. 8 o'clock;
10c; also every night; readings daily. 120 6th.
1£RS. 6TODDARD. convincing test to all clr-
deg. 10c; Bun.. Tues.: read'gs dally. 278 9th.
VAN ANKKN'S free palmistry lecture; read-
ings for all. ZSO Ellis, near Jones; 8 this eve.
A SPIRITUAL seance this evening, 7:20 10c;
reading daily, 6Cc MRS. HUBBARD. 109
MRS. EBERHARDT6 spiritual t»st meeting
ttW :2d. bet. Mission and Valencia; 8 p! mf;
OAKLAND Woodman Hall, Twelfth St.— Spirit-
ual test meetings. 2:30-7:45. Prof. Perkins
and others.
EDWARD EAItLK. in his wonderful occult
demonstration* to-nleht; full names, mes-
sages. 223 E] 1)b st.; 25c.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, Occidental Hall.
80& Larkln. Sept. 28, 7:30 p. m.; speaker, Mrs.
R. B. Llllie; admission free.
BPRIRITUAL test meeting, 909 Market, front
hall— 11. free; 2-8. 10c: sealed questions; Mrs.
Hodgson, Hargrave, Wilson; good music.
MUSTAFA. Egyptian materializing trumpet
musical stance; Sun.. Wed., Fri., 8 p. m., 25o;
Kitting* dally. 1G10 Bush St.. nr. Franklin.
A GRAND rpirltual test meeting, 909 Market,
rear hall-lt free; 2-8, 10c; Mr. Swan. Holt;
Mme. Maxwell, Stoddard, Wrenn; McKee, In-
spirational singer, three languages; others.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Fun.. Tues., Frl.. 8 p. m., 60o; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them ;
rive names: received medals from many
countries; tak«n last world's record medal
Parts Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkln.
full names. BROCKWAY, The Psychic, an-
swers all questions pertaining to business or
•ocial affairs; If In doubt or trouble attend
thla seance. To-night: Tues. and Thurs., 8:15
p.m., 23c: readings daily. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
A EEANCE which Is satisfactory to everyone
who attends, as each receives a test with
MRS, MARY BELL will reopen her parlors
(28 Eddy Ft., for free lectures, to be given
on Tuesdays at 8 p. m. (AH ar« welcome.
Friends please note change from Wednesday
to Tuesday). Mrs. Bell's subject next Tues-
day evening. "The Rationale of Astrology."
A clajss In astrology Is being formed. Infor-
mation can be obtained at &28 Eddy st.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture
this evening at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle,
909 Market et. : subject, "Personal Influence";
to be followed by views of the Rocky Moun-
tains of the Canadian Pacific Railway: those
attending may procure free tickets to X-Hay
exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening;
* seats free; no collection; remember question
box. \
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
HTISIXESS CHANCES Contlnaed.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALB, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1001.
29
BYRON
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
$150: easy terms; children's toy graphophone*.
$1 £0; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress, Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black fiuits»for $2 60; misfit tailor-made
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
stock of travelers' samples in trunks, valises
and full dress reasonable.
MBN.WANTKD IMMtiDlATttLY.
rtariietiteri.
Experienced i'lledrlver Hands,
Experienced llaftsinen (
For work In this city at China llasln, Potrero
and for varloui) jobs alone the water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunters
Point dry docks.
Btcady work at regular wages.
We are staring new jobs dally, and will
put on ell competent men applying at once.
BRIDGE AND WHARF 1JUILDEHS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASfciN.,
4 California at., room 15.
=
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.; nono others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMA§, 6H Bat-
-tery.U _
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving, satisfaction at this '
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laboreis; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front st. . .
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St., room 25, San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch officer. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
¦ * HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervoue diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass nt.. San Fran.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO.. has removed frorn
631 Mission St. to 819 Folsom st., with an as-
sortment of sal;» horses; also livery and
boarding; new boarders solicited; brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
160 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 25 Pore St.. S. F. ¦
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
HORSE and buggy for physician; state price.
Box 628, Call office.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, eaddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New pauel body delivery, 1 laundry, I
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. S28 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he cells too cheap. 64 Eighth st. '
FOR sale — Coupe ' amT buggy; cheap.' Address
box C8, Call office-; , • ¦ •-..., — .,
ALL kinds ot wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission si. .
AN A No. 1 express wagon. Blngle; also light
camping wagon for Ealc. cheap. £32 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses* to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Residence, 104 Guerrero St., near 13th;
10 rooms; sunny: high ground: garden: sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines of cars: rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
HOUSE. 7 rooms, bath: suitable for 2 families;
rent $14. 405 Greenwich st.
STORE, 29x40, with four rooms above; Kearny-
Merchant sts.. Hall of Justice. 413 Kearny.
OAK, 322, bet. Laguna and Octavla— House:
sunnyElde; 8 rooms, bath and basement. I
MINNA, 628. bet. Seventh and Eighth— 6 rooms
and basement; rent $15. Key in grocery.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
St., near Elllf.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room house, with
ample grounds, in most desirable part of tho
Mission for term of 6 months to responsible,
party with first-class references. Call at
PATTOSIEN'S, corner Sixteenth and Mission.
CLAY, 1315— An elegantly furnished Nob Hill
residence of 9 rooms and bath, centrally lo-
cated, to rent for 6 months or longer. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgom-
ery st. • ,
A SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, bath, piano, chick-
ens, fruit trees; Alameda: 1 block from sta-
tion. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
$3." — HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath, completely fur-
nished; piano, etc. W. H. (TRIM St. CO., 118
Montgomery st. . ' ¦ ¦
HOUSES IV ANTED.
WANTED— By couple, no children, cottage or
flat: will stay 15 years; 20 years in last house.
Address box 826. Call office. -
LOST AXU FOUXD. .
$10 REWARD— Lost, the 28th,' supposedly en
Market Bt., between Call and . Emporium, a
round breajstpln of black onyx, circled with
pearls and pearls In center. ,T. J. FRENCH.
807 California Et.
$50 REWARD for the return of the Jewelry left
on the radiator, second floor, Eugene apart-
ment house. Thursday night, September 26.
Eugene, O'Farrell st., bet. Mason and Powell.
LOST— Roll of valuable papers;- credentials.
Finder please return to People's Place, Rev.
Flsk, Mrs. Carrie McClellan, evangelist; re-
. ward. 1122 Hyde st.
LOST— On the 26th. purse between Webster st.
and Sacred Heart Church. Return to 537 Fell
st. and receive reward. . - ." :
-LOST— September 2 (Labor 'day), gold rimless
; eyeglasses in cace; reward. 1435 Steiner st.
LOST— Black cocker , spaniel near 'Jefferson
square; collar, tag; reward. 900 McAllister.
LOST— Diamond pin; 3 rings; on Hyde st. or
' Jackson. Return to 309 Stoikton st. ; liberal
' reward.- .
LOST— On August 4. certificate of deposit -for
the sum of $1000 on .the Oakland Bank of Sav-
ings; of no value to any one except owner.
Finder will leave same with JOHN M.
EVANS, 116 Eddy St.; reward $20; no questions
asked. . - ¦ '¦"'...'
$10 REWARD— Lost, a Jeweled medallion gold
belt buckle; marked A. A. H. Return to A.
HIRSCHMAN. 10 Post st.
LOST— Sliver bag containing $15 gold coin, gold
chain; also containing ¦ vialtlng cards; re-
ward. 1920 Jackson st. . ,
LOST— Quarts locket, with picture inside. Re-
' turn to 117 Davis St.; reward. ...
LOST — September 24,' corner of San Jose • and
I Geneva aves.; a purse containing $55. Return
. to 2123 San Jcse ave. and receive your: own
reward. . - .
LOST — Solitaire diamond ring, Wednesday aft-
ernoon, in ladles' parlor, Orpheum; liberal re-
ward. Address A. B., box S59, Call office. .
A -M u IliUYT'liK A U V^~T%TnV M a liTfeTll
LrauiiiK l<;ni|.|< >m. nt ahd Labor AeteiiM.
UUUIi'UVZ&f 7 A ' *•' MONDAY..,,., i...
...UKIA1I UKIAH
;: UKIAH UKIAH
t.0 teamsters ...Uklah Free fare
JO laborer* Vklah Fi-eo far*
f-0 men for steel, ballart and lock Ran**,
H k R . h • Ties fare
to laborers, ull divisions Eanta Fe H. It, nj
experience required Free fare
MKCHAN1CAL HBLP
Carpenters Carpenters
; Carpenters Carpenters
6 carpenter! for a lance mining company, $90,
steady Job
3 carpenters, country $72 and found
eooper for a factory $3 day
riorseKhoer and blacksmith, camp $»5
Blacksmith's helper, ranch". 13i and found
Harnm makers, camp; 2 rough carpenters,
city. $2 day: well borer
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman for an Institution $25 and found
Choreraan and care of chickens, institution
;• $20 and found
Man to repair stoves and porter, country
store; eta.bleman. truck etables, $15 week; fi
tstablemen. hostlers and buggy washers
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
10 more laborers, no experience required, to
work in mills, yards and woods of a large
eawmill company, $35 to $55 and found; 10
woodchoppers for a large mining company,
all winter's work
FACTORY WORK
6 handy men. city factory. $1 75 day, steady
Job; 6 laborers, manufacturing company, near
city. $2 day; S laborers for another factory.
$1 .5 day
DRILLERS LABORERS MINERS
3 single-hand miners, south $60
Teamster for a mining company.. $35 and found
10 laborers. 60c fare $60
4 laborers. Santa Clara County.. $34 and found
5 quarrymen. see boss here ..J60
10 drillers, $C0; 125 laborers, city and coun-
try, no experience required
FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
Married ehoreman and milk, wife to cook.
$45 and found; 27 farm and orchard hands,
?26 and $30: dairyman. $40: 9 teamsters, dif-
ferent ranches $26 and $30
7 choremen and boys $15, $20 and $25
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC
Night cook. $10 week; cook, plain country
hotel. $40 and found: cook. 50c fare, $40; 3
butchers. $52 and $60: ' 7 porters, hotels and
saloons j;o to $30 and found
5 waiters, first-class country hotels, $30: 3
camp and ranch cooks: Eecond and third
bakers. $40 and $35......
i MURR AY & REA DY 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— A bright boy for office duties in a
wholesale hardware house; state age. refer-
ences and salary expected. H. M. H.. box 623,
Call office.
GOOD coatmakers for Seattle: steady work at
good wages. Apply P. GREENBERG & CO.,
Flood building, rooms 23, 29 and 30. i
WANTED— An experienced furniture driver for
double team; permanent position for right
party: give references. Address box 753, Call.
WANTED— Retail druggist; competent and
experienced: permanent position; good sal-
ary. Box 758. Call office.
YOUNG man with experience in domestic dry
goods. Apply WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.,
Market and Taylor sts.
WANTED— Good Jewelry repairer and engraver
to go to Tacoma. Apply California Optical
Co., S17 Kearny st.
BOYS 17 years to leaxn glove finishing; also
experienced. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— First-class framemaker. Apply
Monday morning superintendent's office, Em.
porium.
SHOE salesman wanted. "" Apply Monday, be-
tween 8 and 9 a. m., 1605 Market st.
BARBERS— A 2-chair shop newly furnished for
sale; a bargain. S16 Third st. „ ¦
SAILORS, ordinary, for ehips for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PRESS boy wanted. Apply printing office. 141
First St., 8 a. m. Monday.
WANTED— A handy man around saloon to
cook lunch and also help bar. Box 812, Call.
CHIMNEY-SWEEP wanted. For particulars
call at 340 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. Call early
Monday morning at 104 Kearny st.
! WANTED— Boy to run electric " elevator. Ad-
dress L. C. box 701. Call office.
GOOD dishwasher; day work. At 1201 Fillmore
St., corner Tcrk.
ERRAND boy; must be useful in store; Mon-
day. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Fi rst-class ladies' tailor. VER-
DIER. 9S4 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor oa custom coat*: steady
work. Call Monday early at 559% Minna st.
FARMER— Single man; wages $1 per day and
board. Call 33 Fremont st.
RANCH foreman; single man. Address box
734, Call office.
WANTED— Deli\-ery boy to drive grocery
wagon. €01 Larkin st.
MANAGER— Faithful, energetic man to man-
age branch this city. Best references given
and expected. Old established house doing
large Increasing business. Must furnish $1200
cash, be willing make permanent engagement.
Salary $2400 year and chance advancement.
• Euperintendent, Box ESI, New Haven, Conn.
AMBITIOUS representatives; wages $3 day;
large house, new lines, bona fide opening men
and women good character willing to work;
permanent chance advancement. 2C6 State St.,
New Haven, Conn.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
AT RISDON IRON WORKS, San Francisco-
Machinists, boilermakers, patternmakers,
machine blacksmiths and chipsmlths; also
young men over 17 years to serve appren-
ticeships at these trades; excellent Induce-
ments; ample protection. Apply office, Beale
and Howard sts.
¦WANTED — A young man between 18 and 21
. years of age for a stock clerk in wholesale
millinery house: one with experience pre-
ferred. HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
DENTIST wanted; experienced graduate or li-
centiate; Christian. Room 11. 1065 Washing-
ton st., Oakland.
ERRAND boy wanted for a Jewelry store;
must have good references. Box 851, Call.
WANTED— Boy about 16 years old in whole-
sale house. Address box 840, Call*
DRIVER for milk wagon, with references.- Ap-
ply at 1421 Buchanan st.
AN Intelligent young American of good appear-
ance and character by retail liquor firm; no
experience required; state salary expected,
together with references; fine chance to pro-
gress for right party. Box S57, Call office.
WANTED— Boy 1C or 17 to take care of bi-
cycles; good home and small wages. Ad-
dress P. H. PETERSON, 908 Fourth Bt.. San
Rafael.
BOYS 17 years to learn glove finishing; also
experienced. CARSON GLOVE CO.. i5 Mar-
ket st. ¦
WANTED— Competent bookkeeper at Fresno:
sober, industrious, experlenod In dried fruit
office preferred. Box 891. Call office.
WANTED— A baker, second hand on bread;
wages $14 per week ; answer by wire. I. S.
MULFORD. Eureka. Cal. .
WANTED— Bright boy from 14 to 16 years of
age. Apply 8 to 10. HALE BROS., Inc.
WANTED— Finisher at carriage thop; steady
Job. 1414 Pine st. . '
COOK wanted. 217 Sixth et. ; call early.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
6. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; n-'it
less than 5 feet 4 inches and net over 6 feet 1
I inch; able to Bpeak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis 6t.. San Frahclaco. .
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: tools donated; positions guaran-
teed ; catalogue - free. MQLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay Bt.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to • know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : l.'O largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Man who is competent to take
charge of chlnaware and household supply
department; state age. experience and salary
expected. Box 883, Call office. .
LOCKSMITH who cxtn do repairing at Berke-
ley Hardware and Repair Shop. A. ER-
LANDSEN. £020 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. . :
STRONG, intelligent boys, 18 to 20 years jold, to
learn machinist trade. SOS Mission et.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third. st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WANTED— Young man. 18 to 21. years of age.
who Is good at figures. Apply at HALE
BROS., before 11 a. m. .
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS., before
11 a. m. : - -¦ ¦•--. t ¦¦¦¦'¦ .'.¦•»..
ALL sires men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sta. -
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
¦ San Francisco Barber School. 714A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third et.. near. Mar-
• ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
•bus and.bacgage to and from ferry... r
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
LUMBER, fire escape, slates, windows, doors,
weights, lots of boards and pipe. 64 Silver
St., off Third.
1 ORIENTAL 2»£ H.P. gasoline eng., 1 marine
gasoline 8 H.P., 1 stationary gasoline 10 H. P. ;
good order; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
A — BUYS," sells or rents gear,' machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, ehatting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BEAUTIFUL gold quartz inlaid watch, very
rich quartz, P. S. Bartlett movement, only
$75; original cost J25O; call and see it. Plaza
Loan Office, 702 Kearny st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
A SPECIAL for this week-$400 piano for $275.
BRUENN, 208 Post st.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
Piano Factory, Market, 14th and Church sts.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk ft. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT piano as good ' as new; standard
make; a sacrifice.' Hornung"s, 216 McAllister.
WANTED— Sohmer square ' piano.
MAUZY. 20S-312 Post st.
$50— Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory, 1729 Mission.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright. $126;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary st., room 36.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
GENTLEMAN leaving town will sacrifice ele-
gant large upright piano. 408 Golden Gate av.
$550 PIANO, nearly new, for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
WANTED— Hal let Davis square pianos: $100
premium above value. HEINE, 217 Geary.
OUR special sale of high-grade pianos con-
tinued one week: Hazelton, Dewing Bros, and
Boothe. DEWING' S, Flood building.
A RARE chance— For sale, a wholesale and re-
tall liquor 4 business in the thriving city of
' Fresno (population 16,000): last year's busi-
ness $50,000; established 13 years; must be sold
on account of death oC senior member of firm;
this business is good to net from $5000 to
$6000 a year above all expenses; best location
and long lease. For particulars, see CROWN
DISTILLERIES COMPANY, 100 Front St., S.
F., or address PAUL R. RUBEN, Fresno, Cal.
PIANOS— The most modern and up to date;
Stcck, Everett. Conover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).
A FIRM'S failure "to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of hlgn-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices: second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barrom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
ealoon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship overything
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017, 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St..
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; aleo Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45;. organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, Including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $183 up; Fischer,
. *100; Chickering, $1C5: 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary St..
AM Y piano sold by us . taken back any time
wlthlu 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prlcp; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. XOHLER & CHASE. 80
O'Farrell St.; established 1850.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up;, new up-
right pianos from *175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Ma-
Eon & Hamlln, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ATTENTION/BARGAIN HUNTERB-
Second-hand upright pianos from S5S up,
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
' Ing confinement; best medical care; low icps.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 112U Market st.,* S. F. <
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' ppe-
clallst, has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods;' 25 years' experience in S. F. ;
guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market St., opp. 4th.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladles' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market 6t. to 410 O'Farrell st.
A BAUMKISTER piano gives you more for the
money than any other. They are first claas
In everything except price. You can use one
6 years and then exchange for -a Decker If
you wish without losing a cent. W« havs
some choice bargains in second-hand and new
Instruments. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
ALlTpla'nos purchased*of* PHBRmXn? CLAY**
CO, may be exchanged for a new Bteinway
.upright or baby grad piano any tlmo within
8 years from date of purchase, and have full
price Allowed. New upright pianos, SO per
month; some good pianos sold fur $3, 14 nnd
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ms.. Hun Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A1U81OAL lASTHUMtQNTSi
MRS.. D. WYETH. reliable ladles' specialist;
private home 'before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell Bt.
THE orlglnnl MRS/. DAVIES, who has beer. In
business here for 23 years, Is stilt located at
122S Market; muternltft home provided; office
hour* 10 a. tn. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MlJmtJ*!,— rniHlii.in.1,
A-MHH, tJli, (inoDWlN, the' eminent ittalnl'
lit fin- iiiFfMsr's nr wiMiiPii, has returned frohl
Hiil-nim- dUrlfitf Iipi- pnjoui-ii Plif Visited ttia
most celebrated lioftliltalsi and I'ettlrtis ready
tb Introduce the inuit ¦iichIci-m and eclentllle
methods In v-OKUei her former phenomenal
Rticcrrs will munly bo eclipsed on this oc*
cnftloni a sanitarium for the reception of pa-
tients has been fully equipped and a staff of
trained inures and surgeons retained! a euro
' In all caRea Is fully guaranteed or no pay,
006 Market tit., opp. Fourth, rooms 7, 8, 9.
I2R0 ON dlvldend'p&ylrlK copper stock from frl-
VAte part VI otia year! 10 pit cent Intel e»t.
Uox 6i-o, Calt office.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
MRS. C. A. WALLIS. nurse, 531 Turk St.;
phono East 791. ¦ : ; __^
NURSES
FOR SALE— A 200-egg Incubator in good order;
best make; $15. • MR. HALLIDAY, corner
Stuart and Sacramento sts., Lorin, Berkeley.
CASH register (Hallwood); brand new; $.-«;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nia *t.
56 — A nice office; gas free,
building. 14 Grant ave.
WINDOW and half store; milliner or hair
dresser; ladles' trade estab. 106 Fourth st.
Room 29, Blythe
DESKROOM in elegant, sunny office; very rea-
sonable; priv. phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bldg.
GUERRERO. 1043, near Twenty-third— Store,
. fixtures and living rooms; suitable for dress-
making, etc.
ANGORA cats and kittens; best pedigreed
stock; reasonable. . H. M., 3313 Clay st.
ONE horse-power Westinghouse motor,- good
as new, $65. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny St., room 29.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suita. ?10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
1901 RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others: 2d-hand bicycles: cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin Et.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st. .
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE, 6j6 Mission Et.
REGINA music box, almost new, cost $65; will
take $25. 23 Fifth st, - 1 .
SEVENTY-HORSE water tube boiler; 90x16
Troy mangle. 175 Tenth st.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred pointer dog; broken;
pedigree. F. STEAGLICH, 1309 Jackson st
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PALMISTRY.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery St.'
SAFES— New and I second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-han4
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 611 Mission st.
FOR sale— Horse & phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store, 1044 Valencia.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
WANTED— Second-hand . upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st.
WANTED — Return trip excursion tickets to
New Orleans or any point south of Canton on
I. C. Ry. for man and wife; will pay $50.
Address E. A. BASSETT, 865V4 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
SEALSKIN coat; second-hand; must be reason-
able. Box 852. Call. office.
FACIAL massage; Hydro- Vacu treatment; new
method; electrolysis. .. Mrs. Dunlap's Hair
. Parlors, ' 84 ¦ Kearny st. •,,-.• ;..,.•; . {'
LOANS money on salary; no lndorspr;* Eastern
.plan; -Western. Loan Co^' 309 Phel^n.bldg.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French ' Corn Paint,'- the best
; corn i cure; 25c; , all druggists, ' • r?:£< *•". --, -
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required; S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCT. 143 Phelan building.
THE V TOUBLEY Company; ; •; loans ¦;• and dls-
- -counts.:; S21 Parrott building.- , ; ; - :
IF you -want a home I wlllloan you money to
, buy It. A. E/ RUDELL., 222 Sansome st. ¦
DR. -. O'DONNELL— All who I are I sick - and t In
trouble call- and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many - years , by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; . the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my .medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of: a deli-
cate nature; all classes of: female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
. W. O'DONNELLr 1018 Market Bt./. opp.: Fifth."
MEDICAL.
ON furniture,' pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
¦ strictly private. LICK,-; 116 McAllister j st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
¦electric needle. 1 MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st:
OBESITY; cured: no dieting: no weakening. THE
oA'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St. bet. 18th and 19th.
Dlxon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
.v druggists', hairdressers'. Free trial. 935 Market.
EVERLASTING house numbers; made only by
BAKER LETTER CO.; 541 California St.' •'-.-.
ANY' case rheumatism' cured under guarantee.
..Call on doctor, : r. 504 Parrott. bldg., or write.
S%on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
. . no .commission; private. • Room 81, • 6 Eddy st.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your; own roofs; 60c
per.gallon.' Ill ,Van: Nesa ave. . " '
A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
¦ Dr.S. G.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
MONEY loaned salaried | people without ; secur-
- ity.Hill.' r. 44/ Merchants' Ex.; 431 California.
ON furniture, ; pianos; v no .removal; 'money
¦ quick-; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broke r-
:-• age; reliable party. - 1170 Market st., room 68.
IT will pay *o "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch 'Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
} gold and silver to make new watch cases. -
MARRIAGE paper: best -published; free. 4 J,
.-W. GUNNELS/. Toledo, Ohio. . ..'.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by* private
party: no" removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room " 3, | Conservatory bldic., 301 Jones.
SEND -stamp; for list' books -which can't be
... bought elsewhere. ' Books, 406 East. 75th, N.»Y.
"MABE"
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- 1
- out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
.annum. MORRELL. ; 603 . Examiner . building.
—Telephone Polk 1054.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any • amount;
lowest ratea. Becker & Co.; 26 Montgomery.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single.' three-quarter
or double. $2 23., EASTERN OUTFITTING
• CO. ; 1310-1312 Stockton St., near • Broadway. '
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st. ;• tel. Main 1644.V Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary, st. ; phone Red 1603. . • .
GEO. ENDRES, Van Home's Battalion, your
$100 bounty ready. OEO. W. JOHNSON, At-
; torney, 14- McAllister st..-
GENTLEMAN, -stranger in city, desires, ac-
• qualntance of lady 20 to 35; object, matri-
mony. Box 809. Call office. ' ¦ • .'¦¦
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market St.: ' tel. Black £471
TO remove wrinkles use Lettuce Lotion and
Almondine Skin Food; these preparations con-
tain no grease; highly recommended. MME.
FISHER, 502% Ellis St. .
HrtM' W A H Ti:»«-y It I M A l,f %-Qwh.
Hrmly »fifkj hen IMcpb. LOWCKUlStlO «
CO., 17 JliPFlH ST.. Mh floor,
ivEAT~rirl for Until houtewoi-k; email family!
Csll Buntht fit 63 Verba Uuona st., between
Ms ton and Taylor, oft Play.
O»: UHLAN or Snrdtsh fclrl; care 1 child and
ll«ht liourmoik; good home. 6) Chattanooga
st; near Twenty-Feccnl.
WANTED— Women who is bright and dresses
neatly to travel in business capacity. Uox
MS, Call ofllre.
NEAT, rrnirctable g!rl for upsUirs and sec
ond work: rofctenros required. Apply Mon-
<Uy. 12*6 O'Karrell St.. bet. > and U o'clock.
itAinDRTrPSINCl, manicuring, dyeing, bl«ach-
ing, facial manage taught; complete entire
course ti. Borton ColloRe, 620'i Taylor et.
GIRL lor housework; small family of adult* ;
reasonable wages; good home for right per-
pon. 2(16 Pine st. *^
A THOROUGHLY reliable girl or woman to
assist care of bahy and light housework. 11
Fulton ft., noar Larkin.
A TOUNG girl wanted for hair store; must
hav« some experience. 15C8 Polk st. MISS
V\ EIHLHN.
OPERATORS and riveters on overalls- also
Reies buttonhole operators. 9 Hill st off
Valencia, bet. Twenty-flrst and Twenty-second.
NEAT girl to assist with, housework. Call
Monday at S410 Van Ness ave.
GIRLS to wrap chewing gum. Apply NEW.
TON GUM CO.. Second and Folsom sts.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework- $10
Apply at 1535A Mission st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework: 2
adults; wages $15. 657 Broderick st. -;v
WANTED— Typesetter; 2 years' experience:
state wages wanted. Address box S17. Call.
FIRST-CLASS waist and Bklrt hands; also
improver. $ and 10 Keamy et.. upstaj re.
ACTIVE lady to travel with remedies of a
woman's medical company. Box £14, Call.
WANTED— Nuree for child 2 years old. AddIv
1604 Howard st.
GIRLS to put up perfumes: 53 per week- refer-
encea. Box 63S. Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
J14 Hyde ct.
GIRL to assist wltb housework. Call Monday
at 1663 G«ary et. - .
TOUNG girl to assist with second work and
plain cewlng. 1072 Ellis st,. near Gough.
GOOD cook for plain cooking; Western Addi-
tlon. Apply 130 Sixth Et.
VERY best ealesladies for millinery; good
wages; 6teady position. 130 Sixth 6t.
WANTED — 2 first-class waitresses. Call at 61»
Montgcnrery et.
S GOOD pressers. Apply New Parisian Dyeing
Works. 2216 FoUon Et.
TAILORESS wanted: experienced apprentice
on fine coats. 410 Kearny st., room 29.
FINISHERS on pants wanted. 14 McAllister
Et.. room IS.
f FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors; best pay;
I steady work. DAXZIGSR^ 237 Powell st.
V." ANTED— Lady as housekeeper. Call bet. 1
and 5 to-day. S57 Folsom et.
GIRL wanted for general housework; wages
glO. 1126 Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS millinery trimmer; hirhest sal-
ary paid. Box S4«. Call office.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS!~ PATTERNS!
Latest Paris and London styles; any pattern
cut to order; leading system of the world;
holding highest award from Paris and Pan-
American Expositions; thorough course in
everything pertaining to dressmaking and
millinery. Call or send for circular, llc-
DOWKLL'S. 1019 Market St.
OPERATORS on overalls at Lev! Strauss &
Cc's factory. 3ZM Fremont et.; good wages;
no experience necessary- Apply to MR.
DAVIS. :
?25 TO j:; per week guaranteed; S ladles and
S gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting. Hoover Hall. 1327 Market et.
A LADY of indomitable eneriey, possessed of
peif -assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON', room 412. Parrott building.
£0 GIRLS betw.-en 16 and 18 years to learn to
operate on ladies and children's wear. (St
Mission st_, fourth floor.. . .
A DOCTRESS wishes a 14dy assistant; good
home, fair pay for right party. Leave ag«
at box 4S4. Call.
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work tn
factor}-. C56 Mission Et., fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' waists to work la
factory. 65C Mission St., fourth floor.
OPERATORS on children's coats; good wages.
€36 Mission Bt.. fourth floor.
FIRST-CLASS tall ores* and Jacket - finishers
wanted. A. KAHN, 112 Geary 6t.
LADIES wishing to marry call or writ* to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st. ; no charges.
GIRL for general housework. 2235>4 Howard
street.
WANTED— An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at 80S Howard Ft.
WANTED— Stenographer. Address box 853.
Call office.
WANTED— Chambermaid at the Manhattan
House. G25 Batten* st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about It
years of age lor instruction: paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove Ets.
¦WANTED— A competent girt for cooking and
general housework; must be first-class cook;
references required. Address, giving full par-
ticulars, box 688. Call Office.
WANTED— A second girl for a email private
family: first-class reference* required. Ad-
dress "with full particulars, box 8S3. Call.
FIRST-CLAES waist, skirt and cloak hands
aad assistants. Apply 1200. Geary Et.
PRESSER, also operators on muslin under-
wear. BAUER BROS. & CO.. a Sansome et.
HAXD sewers at LEVT STRAUSS & CO.'S
overall factory. 22^ Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Davis.
HAIRDRESSING. dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5: employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. .13.
OPERATOR on eerglng machine. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO., 6U Market et.
WANTED— Women ior light work oa fruit.
1781 Foltom st. ' t
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
HELP WASTED — 3LAX.E.
TO-DAT. 6UXDAT
! TO-DAT. SUNDAY
TO-DAY. SUNDAY
ATCR. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
..RAILROAD WORK.. RAILROAD WORK..
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters U a day
100 laborers J2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE ,
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers Jl 75 to $2
FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA I
to teamsters $2 a day
H laborer* J2 a day
FREE FARE.. SHIP TO-DAY..FREE FARE !
C. R. HANSEN &. CO 104 Geary 8t.
AT the California Kmployment Agency,
£» Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
Railroad teamsters and laborers.
UKIAH. UKIAH.
FREE FARE.
50 rallrca"! teamsters for Ukiah, $2 to $2 23
per day: 60 laborers for Uklah. $2 per day;
lfi quarrymen. country. J2 per day; sailors for
Honolulu. Puget Sound and Old Mexico, , $40
per month and found; 3 carpenters, country,
$2 to $3 SO rxr day, 3 months* Job.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Ft** employment. 327 Market et.. room 297.
I. LESS, eecretary; telephone Jessie 1171.
CIVIL Service Government positions; 9SS5 ap-
pointments made laet year: probably 10,000
this year; common school education required
for examination; information free. .Colum-
bian Correspondence College, Washington, D.C.
AVAXTED- Practical mechanic haling experi-
ence in light machinery and electricity: must
r>* honest, steady and gentlemanly. Address,
giving age, exi^rlence, references and wages
expected, box 7Z2. Call office.
WANTED — Competent man as eaJesman and
general hand about second-hand furniture
store; only one acquainted with the business
need apply. H. SCHELLHAAS, 409 Eleventh
St.. Oakland. ¦'__ - .-.¦
ACTIVI3 man to drive delivery wagon, eolldt
new trade and collect for large firm; wages
from %V> to (SO per month: must furnish cash
bond. Bex 3S4, Call office.
EXPERinNCJilD Ba.lei«man for Seattle" mer-
, chant tailor; permanent position; good wages.
Y Apply P. GREEN'BERG & CO., Flood build-.
' ing, rooms £S, 23 and SO,
A FEW good laborers wanted for mine In Mon-
terey Co. ; fare advanced. Call at office. 901
Olaus Spreckels building, Monday forenoon. -
CIXITHING cutter; experienced; chop work.
51 £&nsome at.
ANY. proposition; any amount; (i per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgages, . etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny st., room 814.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer ' Institute. . 121
West Forfy-pecond St.. N. Y.
ALL patients personally waited upon; scalp
diseases cured; hair grown; gray restored ;
J try a facial massage; new method. MRS. E.
R. DUNLAP. 31 Kearny st. ; tel;. Red 2439. >
ANY proposition, any amount; 6. per. cent; first,
¦ second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timbei
interests, corporation loans. It. .16, first floor,
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN..
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
• carpet twine in hank or chain; at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,COU,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ELECTRIC light, in 1 ; every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
'. 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First,- second and third mortgages..'.
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Moitgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere,
R. McCOLGAN
! ..24. Montgomery st.. room 3 ,
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
12 50 »er bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Coi. 7S4 Valencia st.. S. F.: tel. Church 1571.
COSMETIC ARTIST— If you want the hair,
moles or marks on your face removed per-
manently, without pain or scar, call on MISS
GRUBER. 35DS ISth St., corner . Guerrero.
AN assessment of 10c per share has been levied
by the Stanley Aerial Navigation ' Co. (See
advertisement in Journal of Commerce Thurs-
day.)
MOSEY TO JL.OAN. .
A^MTNH^T^^"T]6^N^COM?ANyr S '
?300,Ui'U at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and' country property; uecond
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any ot above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with theso suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
• ketst., between Seventh and Eighth. - '
ANTIHIRSUTE removes superfluous hair by
the roots without pain or inflammation; hair
follicle permanently destroyed .without injury
to the skin;' prepared from the purest of
drugs and guaranteed; free demonstration at
the office of THE ANTIHIRSUTE CO.. 143
Powell, San ' Francisco. Cal. Agents wanted.
HBAL ESTATg— C1TT— Ton lALft
BABTON, ELDIUDGffl A CO,,
U» ttAriut ¦«.
WESTBIW ADDITION IMPROVED COKWU.
l!2,00O-An el«fant corner; Hiltht ib| Urn
lot f 5*110 fMti Pf«MOt Improvement a
art brln«lnr In ILM0 par annum) mod-
•ra flat* and stocw ©a Uila protxrer
would pay w«lL
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION FLATS,
17,160— Two modern sunny, up-to-dau flat* m
¦ and 7 rooms and basement! porolala
tub*, eta; nice yard: k«y lot] xtortl*
sldt of str««t; fin* neighborhood; larx*
lot 17:6x127:6.
ZOB-STREET INVESTMENT.
$7, BOO— Pay ¦ $1152 per annunn I storM aad If
flats; easily rented; n*ar FourtU aa4
Harrison sum tot 40x73.
MUST BE SOLD WITHIN TEN DATS,
this is posrrrvmtY a tact.
$3,500— Handsome modarn house of T room* and
bath on a northeast corner near Etalgns
and Broderlck sts.; magnificent Ptno*
ramio view of Baa Francisco aad b**
shore cities: thla property cost present
owner over $8000; a great opportunity t«
:''.>>¦; make a quick turn; lot M&xSS:*.
LANOTON-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$3,000— Two well-built houses of 5 rooms «aehf
near Folsom st. ; rents *338 par armrnnj
lot 25x75 feet.
COZT MISSION' HOM3DL
$1,700— Handsome cottage of 4 room* aBd BSCtm
high basement; on C&urch •&,( 'thi*
must be sold to close an estat*.
___——• I
LAKJJVLHW HOSTS.
$300— Make your own terms; wtO-batlt tamf
of 6 room* on Grafton »t~. near Plym-
outh ave.; lot 23x100 feet.
KASTON. BXjDBXDGS A OCX. i
438 Marfcat st '
JACOB HBYMAN CO. ""'
Our 5-room bouse on 23d St.. near Douglaasu
Heyman tract, is ready for Inspection (Mr. J.
Cotter. 113 Hoffman ave.. Is our resident agent),
which you can buy with your rent money that
you are wasting away; Interest decrease* dowa
to 10 cents monthly.
$?50— Three-room hous»; $100 down, $Jlf monta*
ly. Two houses, 4 rooms and bath; iarminat
Valencia st.; cheap; easy term*. HOO-ParlC
lots near Ocean Beach boulevard: ft down, $1
monthly; party getting up a club of 25 will gee
1 lot free. • . _
$250— Lota on 29th and Diamond: $3 down, IS
monthly. Six lots on Silver ave., near Saa
Bruno cars; good for chickens; cheap. Four-
room house on Arlington St.. near Mateo; street
work done; installments $12 50.
* JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Batter st.
$8,000— HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath; lot 25xft«
Pine st., between Jones and Taylor.
$5,500— Two flats. 5 and S rooms and batb: S
tear flats, 6 and 6 rooms and bath;
stable for 5 horses and 6 wagonsj lot
30:8x117:6; Nos. 109 and 109H Fair Oaks.
$3,000— Two flats. 4 rooms and bath each; lot
25x128: No. 70 Whitney st.
$30,000— Lot 12SxlOO on Eleventh, st.; fin* Im-
provements.
$«00-Corner lot. 120x100.
$5,500— House, 9 rooms and bath: lot tSxlOSl
No. 826 Waller St.
$2,100— Seven rooms and barn; lot 13x30; No,
18 Lapldge st.
$7,200— House. 8 rooms and bath; 2 flats. I
rooms each and bath: lot 26:6x110; cor*
ner Twenty-second and Noe sts.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
RESIDENCE wanted to purchase in the "West-
ern Addition, west of Van Nesa ave. and
north of. California st. W. J. GXJNN. 63a
California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property on Valen-
cia. Mission or Howard sts. with a frontage)
of about 50 to 75 feet. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
A NEW, elegant colonial house, of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall, basement, large yard;
this in an unequaled opportunity to secure a>
beautiful home at a moderate- cost by easy
payments; must be seen to be appreciated; on
Cole st., 2 blocks from Park; lot 25x125; no
agents. Box 823. Call office.
$2000— 2-STORY 9-room house; brick basement;
bituminous street; in warm Mission belt; be-
tween 2 electric car lines; part cash only; «
bargain ; rents $21. Call at 168 Hartford st.
$2230— ELEGANT NW. cor. lot on Twenty-
fourth and Fair Oaks sta. Apply B. A. CXXK-
TIN. room 24. Mills building.
FOR Sale— A bargafln; cottage of 4 rooms; easy
terms. Apply store. Alabama and Mon ten Ira.
ELEGANT flats In Mission warm belt. HORX
FEIGE. builder and owner, 1024 Capp st.
MISSION-ST. lots at bargain: terms and easy.
payments. Apply BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
$12,500-COST OVER $17,500.
No. 2721 Pacific ave., near Scott st.
First floor — Larse reception hall. drawtng>
room, dining-room finished In oak, butler's
pantry, breakfast-room and kitchen. Second
floor— 4 large » bedrooms. 2 baths, linen closet.
Attic— Large billtard-room. 3 bedrooms and!
bath. Basement — Furnace-room, wineroom.
laundry, 3 storerooms. Lot 27x127:8^4 ft.
14000— REXT $50; flats 40 frontage. Clay at.
$7500— O'Farrell St., nr. Taylor; good building.
$113 front foot; Improved; Valencia, nr. 20th..
For trade— Paciflc-ave. flats; also East, ranch.
P. B. TRAVERS, 314 Montgomery, room «.
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivision*, 50-
vara lot, south line Union St.; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st. • ¦ ;
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy It for
you, erect a house to suit and sell it to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st. -
SIX. seven and eight room cottages; also two)
flat houses in block between 17th. 18th. Castro
and Noe sts.; »4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder. '
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy,
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and ' Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE, 63 Portola st. ¦
SPLENDID bargain— Large double house and
cottage; house 884-3SS San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-sixth st); cottage 3608 Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 280. Call.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Sutter County, short distance from.
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and]
' fenced; this land will be sold In whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance front
Yuba City, Sutter County ; will be sold la
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
. extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplatlnj
purchasers will address box 43S0, Call office,
for information, a bargain will be given.
AUCTION SALE.
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank (In liquida-
tion) will sell Its 4-story brick buildin? and 73
pieces of city and country real estate at pub-
lic auction, without reserve, at Fresno. CaL.
Monday. October 7. 1301.
Lists containing details, etc.. can be ob-
' talned at office of Bank Commissioners 630
California st, or by addressing the bank at
Fresno. Cal. .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, aa
San Francisco is growing rapidly: location
; best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information.
_ _
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
¦ suburban lots, farms, all through the State:
also large list of desirable city sites. Sea
! The Phelps Lewis Co.. "02 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 713 Mrket St.. 8. F.. office near Call big.
USE of 4% acres fenced garden land at Fruit-
vale in exchange for services on adjoining
place. E. KNEIB. Oakland P. O.
WANTED — A ranch in Sonoma or Napa coun-
ty for Oakland property. Apply at 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.
U. S. HOMESTEAD lands free. Ad. with stamp
or call 6 to 7 p. m. at 1563 7th St.. Oakland.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list,
Wooater. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
; POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
> free list. C. R. WTNFIELD, Petaluma, CaL
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In tha
¦ United Statea or Canada one year for SI.
REAL ESTATE-SANTA CRUZ.
S3 ACRES rich level land; creek: will trade for
S F. property or cattle ranch: ranches for
rent or sa'.e. HAMMOND & TOWNE,* Santa
Cruz Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. \
FOR exchange — A beautiful home In San Jose
for income San Francisco property; place
" ¦ contains about 3 acres full-bearing orchard.
all varieties fruit; an elegant S-room house
with large basement; fine well, windmill and
tank: flowers and lawn: modern lmprove-
' ments: worthy investigation; good Income
property. Address box 153. Call office.
TO exchange your property or business go. to
headquarters. «
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
' 317 Market st. ' San Francisco.
Send stamp for exchange catalogue.
Fox Additional Classified Adds Sm
'¦ -"Page Thirty. • t
1 /
THE Star Hair remedy positively restores gray
and faded hair to natural color without dye.
Proof, one preparation restores all shades and
colors, blonde, ash blonde, red, all shades of
brown (preserving the glint or golden hue pe-
culiar to brown hair) and black. If a dye it
would dye all shades same color. Also cures
dandruff, stops falling, grows new hair. Sold
by druggists and hairdressers. - Ask for it.
Take no other. It's guaranteed. The Star
- Remedy Co., 385 Geary St., S. F.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
St., largest curio store In America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
1'ERSUJiALS.
PAINTERS AXI> UKCOItATOKS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d; tel Red 3521.
OIL tanks, second-hand, - in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
IF you have proven oil land I will furnish
money for development: name your location
and conditions or make appointment. Ad-
dress box 706, Call office.
TWO stores to let on southeast corner Turk
and Scott sts. ; one- is a furnished barber
shop; rents $3 and $12.
TO Lease— 3 eunny lofts or separate. 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS, 600 Mission St. "
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
rfinSONAIil— Contlnatd. . :1 ¦
AfiPtttiDtiMti Egyptian Htflnal ftstQM* *nf
hair to its natural color I til at all drumiatg.
TAlLon*MAD£J suits, 17 SO! dress pant*, $2 M.
Misfit Clothing 1'arlor. cor. Duih and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, (Unmnnds and precious ttonei
bought. J. n. JBNKBL, 817 Market st.
MASQUERADES costumes, play books, wigs;
country orderi. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt,
1' LAW I ISO AND TDKMXO BULLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont it.
PH YSICIAN8~"aNP SUItCEOXa.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021M Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. . WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; se«
testimonials at office. 118-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. .WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay it.; tee testimonials at offlea,
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN 6c "c6^. :
14 Montcomery - st.
AUCTION
AUCTION i , i
AUCTION <,v
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION ¦
At our Salesroom, MONDAY, September M,
1901, at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
828 Capp St., near 23d— Cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large grounds; rent $17 50 per month; lot
35x122:6; subject to confirmation by court.
J. PICHON ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
NW. . cor. McAllister and Webster sts.— This
choice corner would pay handsomely If prop-
erly . covered with stores and flats; present im-
provements belong to tenant: ground rent $30
per month; lot 37:6x85; subject to confirmation
by the court.
JOHN M. CARROLL ESTATE-
Adminlstratrlx Sale.
No. 1.
BE. cor. Harriaon and 23d sta.— Desirable
building lot, 26x75.
No. 2.
Harrison st., east line, south of 23d— Desir-
able building' lot, 26x75; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2408 Washington st.,' north line, near Web-
ster st. — Choice modern residence of 9 rooms
and bath; brick foundation; cement walk, etc:;
lot 25x92:4.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
2906 Bush St.. north line, near Lyon St.—
Choice modern residence of 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, cement walk, etc.; lot 23x75.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
36 A. B, C, D, Welsh st., north line, near
4th st.— Good substantial Improvements consist
of front and rear house, containing 7 tene-
ments of 3 rooms each; tn perfect order; sani-
tary plumbing, etc.: rents $51 per month; lot
30x80; mortgage of $3000 at 6 per cent can re-
main.
TRENTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
18 Trenton st.. between Stockton and Pow-
ell, Washington and Jackson sts.— Improve-
ments consist of 2-story house, leased for $25
per month; tenant makes all repairs; lot 25x
; 76; two fron tares.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Market at., north line, bet. Church and San-
chez sts.— Choice building lot, which will un-
questionably enhance in value; bank mortgage
. of $2400 at 6 per cent can remain; lot 25x126,
lrreeular. ¦
I BRIDGET CARROLL ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
1420 Montgomery st.. near Filbert St.— Cot-
tage of 5 rooms: lot 20x56:3; two frontages:
subject to confirmation by the court.
MARY LEAHY ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
440-442 Harriet st., off Brannan, near 6th st.—
Two cottages of 3 rooms each; lot 25x75; sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO... 667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny. , .
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$700 CASH. - ,
Balance $1300; mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage; In the Mission; Twenty- fourth-st. car
line. ..
$2350.
Close to Sixth st.; two houses; rent* $24.
$3800.
' Jones st. flats; rents $41; lot 45 foot frontage.
$4930.
Two modern flats; only half block from Mar-
ket st.; rents $40; cost nearly $7500.
$6500.
Corner- marine view; splendid improvements;
rents $60.
$8000.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9-room
house and lot.
$12,750. :
New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $125; a safe
buy. .
$16,500.
Panhandle corner; two new buildings; rents
$142; lot 37x115 feet.
$15,0C0.
Leavenworth-st. investment; 67-foot front;
rents $105; always rented.
$19,500.
Modern Improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
$170.
$23,500.
Poik-st. business property; In best block; an-
nual rents $1630.
$35,000.
Mission st., near Fourth; splendid brick
structure; elevator; good high basement; rent
$250; one tenant.
$42,000.
Sutter-st. corner; east of Jones: stores and
lodging-houses; 80-foot frontage.
' $55,000. .
Ellis-st. Income property: 100-foot frontage;
rents about $5000 per annum.
Market st., near Taylor; 50-foot; splendid
building; rents $760.
. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
6S7 Market st.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Agent.
— 133 Montgomery st.
$5500— Clay St.. near Walnut; 2-story modern
residence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 23x105.
$6750 — Must be sold; any reasonable offer en-
tertained; Jackson st.. near Maple: north side,
overlooking Presidio; unobstructed marine
view; residence of 7 romos and bath; lot 30z
130.
¦ $7000— Modern up-to-date residence; Masonic
ave.. close to. the park; 8 rooms and bath.
$5000— Want an offer; Webster st., near Sut-
ter; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; lot 27x93.
$5250— Must be sold; a snap; Post st.. near La-
Runa; 2-story residence,. 9 rooms and bath; lot
27x137:8; owner a non-resident; will submit
a fair offer. • . .. , . .
$6000— Want an' offer: Bush st, north side: 2
nice flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rents $47 50; lot 25x
110.
$4000— Buchanan st., near Haight; 2 flats, 4
and 5 rooms; lot 27x03.
$3250— Clara st.. near Sixth; 4 tenements;
rents $36; lot 25x80. ¦
$2500— Perry St.. near Third; rents $25; lot
25x80.
$6300— Greenwich st., near Jones; 4 flats; rents
$31 ; lot 20x120.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$300 to $900— Bargains in "Sunset" lots; all
graded; elegant view; $10 monthly.
$100 to $300— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
j ' ¦ . .
$75. "$100- to $250 — Unexcelled bargains; near
Misslon-st. cars; $5 monthly.
$100 to $S0O— Cheapest and best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000, $1300 to $3000— Splendid cottages, Rich-
mond, Sunset and Mission; easy terms.
$3000— Choice corner In Mission: great 'bar-
I gain; 50x100, with new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch office, Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GETZ & BRO..
_-. - . 54 Chronicle building.
$5C00— GREAT barsain; new flats: Bush st..
• near Devisad°ro: rents $47 50; cheapest
_ flats in lie Western Addition; must be
• sold at once.
$2"iOO — A pick-up; 2 lots on Masonic ave.. near
Waller st.
$1900— Snap; lot and old Improvements on Fill-
more St., near Waller; street bitumlnlzed;
. electric- cars pass the property.
$1500— 10 lots close to 'the new power-house of
the San Mateo electric cars will be sold
¦ . cheap.
$700— Another snap; cheapest lot in the Mln-
slon; Sanchez St.. near 2Sth; 2SxlC0; level;
ready for building.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery.
SANTA FE.. ...... ....THE TERMINAL CITY!
At Point Richmond.
-¦Will be the center of large factories: Stand-
ard Oil Company about to erect large works,
to employ hundreds of men; new buildings
' going up all the time; all lots level and ready
to build on: streets graded; pure water, no
¦" alkali: lots from $123 up; $10 cash. $5 monthly.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
ONLY 4 LEFT OF THOSE "
i : ;C;-~ -. FOLSOM-ST. LOTS. ;
- $10 a month .will 'buy .one: 'the lots are level
and ready to build on ; cement sidewalks laid,
and cars pass the property; streets graded and
sewered; no winds or fogs. OSCAR HEYMAN.
14-Post st. ¦.':, ¦ . . - - . ¦--.-¦•.'-.:¦¦ . ..'¦¦¦.
6-ROOM cottage Just finished: % block from
Mission and 29th sts.; your rent money will
pay for It. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$5 A' MONTH for a fine .building lot near 24th
st. cars; $5 a month for a lot on Grand Boule-
. and Beach. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post.
ONLY $52 per foot, very cheap and a corner
lot, ' all street' work •' done and bltumlnlzed,
1.' cor. Pierce and Fllbert, : 36x82:6; good business
• . corner for grocery or 4 - flats, cheapest lot In
-Western Addition; 240 feet from Unlon-st.
cars;;easy terms; $100 first payment and in-
stallments to suit , W. J..GUNN. 530 Call-
' fornia st. "¦.'.: '.. '..> '.'¦ ;.'¦¦¦¦¦
WANTED— To purchase flats or dwellings" from
> -; $6000 to $5000 to invest in Mission or Weste*
•; Addition.' W. J. (GUNN. 530 California *V>
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415>Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. .
MATTRESSES A>1> 1'ILLOVVS.LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. -J
_ 4 j, Saturday. September 23. V
Harford n1^' Noi)ander ' hours from Port
B |chr David Evans, Beck, 6 days from Coos
j.f^rjMaJlehnauer. Ounderson, 11 days from
Anderson Must Pay Alimony.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday awarded Mrs.
Elizabeth Anderson, who has been suing
Captain Anderson, the well-known ship-
Ow ? e .^ for a divorce. $23 a month alimony
and JoOO counsel fees. She asked for flOO
a month and $1000 for her attorneys. b«t
her demands were too hljrh. She win.
however, receive $100 to defray the costs
Financial Differences Between 35e»
fendant and Dr. Walters of
Honolulu Are Adjusted.
The case of L. R. Hare, mining broker,
charged with felony embezzlement, was
dismissed by Judge Lawlor yesterday
•with the consent of the District Attorney
and after an explanation made by Attor
ney Frank McGowan on behalf of th»
complaining witness. Dr. St. D. Gynlaia
Walters. The attorney stated that Dr.
\V alters was in Honolulu and that tha
financial differences between him and tha
defendant had been adjusted.
Hare was arrested nearly two years as<>
OI l, th *f £ har §S that he had embezzled J£4S
w * * c £ 1 ".*™- who was th e n Uvln ?
at the California Hotel, alleged he had
gven him to pay to E. M. Keys and R.
?• , B!s $L e in connection with a mlnin?
deal. The preliminary examination befor*
Judge Mogan occupied several month3 and
the defendant was held to answer.
HABE EMBEZZLEMENT
case is Disansssr
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
30
AGKERMAN&KOHN
83c to 63c
Bring in sizes of your rooms.
REDUCED.
Roxbury from
$1.OO to SOe
Axminsters from
$1.50 to 91.10
Body Brussels from
$1.50 to $1*10
All-Wool Ingrains
CARPETS
Out* business will posi-
tively be closed up In a Jew
months* In the meantime
here are a few of our offer-
ings—
We Are Going to
aUIT!
NINTH, 141— Unfinished suite of rooms; private
family. • <¦
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suites
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
PIERCE, 339, bet. Page and Oak— Two fur-
nished front rooms; grate, alcove, mantel,
sras, run. water: sunny; best car service.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 29 Fifth «t. Tel. South 187.
TUHEB&Ii DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSR8
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CALIFORNIA, 1242— An elegant sunny 7 parlor
suite; bay windows, gas fireplace, hot and
cold water, phone and bath; finest location;
private family; gentlemen preferred.
J)hanahan Florist Co
;M: -ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable '
J07.POWEU. ST. N o«EU45 OT5056
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
. Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the. United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. . with the same company .-for 10
years; P. P. Greon, late with J. C- O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.'- Telephone South 44.
be made upon the schedules, which will be
furnished <¦ upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin, CaL The Board
reserves the right to reject any and all bids,
as the public. Interest may require, . and to
order any quantity under or over the amount
specified in . the .schedule.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President^
9. M. OLIVER. Clerk.,
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 67C.
BUSH, 727— Sunny furnished room for gentle-
men; gas; bath; reasonable.
BUSH, 930— Very desirable sultsj also single;
quiet and homelike.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. . 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BAKER, 24— Sunny alcove room; near Park
Panhandle. . ' ' . . '. ¦ ¦
ARDELL, IB Page — Large . furnished rooms, • $4
' and $5 month; sunny; housekeeping, $5 to $14.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap;. bath* tel. 332. Stockton st.
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
- — Sealed proposals will be received at the of •
.flee of the clerk- at the State prison. Ban
Quentin. until 10:30 a. in., Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1901, at which time and
place they will be opened in the presence
of bidders, for furnishing tue\ coal, fuel oil,
and ¦ electric power, " or other power to run
the Jute mill at, San Quentin, from the 1st
day of January,. 1902, to the 30th day of
- June, 1902, inclusive. Each bidder must ac-
company his bid with a certified check in the
sum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
- known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to R. M. - Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned -that the bidder will enter
Into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts .will be- paid in cash or Controller's
' warrants. Bidders will carefully follow the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
Eugene McGinn. McGinn Bros
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. Jj
21 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco
No Connection With Any Other House. -
AT Shasta House, 248 Third — 200 rooms: newly
renovated ; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached :. country visitors find no place
like the Argyle ; take McAlllster-st. cars, i
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Bixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night ; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nglht.'
ROOMS TO LEST — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
OFFICE 8J6 MARKET STREET.
X HENDERSON. Manager.
Ban Mateo County,
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkin, near Eddy— 2
furnished rooms, complete hskpg; no children.
WALLER, 210— Unfurnished for . housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors, lavatory, hot
and cold .water, . bath, gas, grate; marine
view; also sunny bedroom; private; $la for 2;
. $18 for 3. :';:
TURK. ¦ 525 (Solar flats)— Fine new, Chicago
style: 2 and 8 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
UEAL ESTATE WANTED.
RESIDENCE or building lots with unobstruct-
ed-marine view; Pacific or Presidio heights.
THE PHBLPS-LEWIS CO.. 702 Market st.
WANTED— Tto buy about one acre of land be-
tween Fruitvale and Elmhurst, with im-
provements. Box 810. Call office.
LOT wanted: contractor will build and take
lot for part payment. Box 757. Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE Sanitarium, 1206 Market— Treat-
ment free: $100 will be paid for any truss as
good as our new double lever rupture holder.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SEE US BEFORE PURCHASING.
We cu&rantee to save you 25 per cent._
Lovely homes tor sale in all parts of Alameaa
AT PRICES TO SUIT.
$1030 Nice 4-roora cottage and bath: large
lot- sacrificed on account of sickness.
$1SOO—A great bargain; new 6-room cottage;
all modern Improvements; large lot; close to
trains and schools.
J225I)— A line new S-room shingled cottaee:
corner lot; latest and most modern improve-
ments; a snap.
$2000— An i-room, 2-story house; lot 3axlaU;
foreclosure.
I2S00— A choice number of modern 6-room cot-
tages for 6ale to settle an estate.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda.
Homes for sale on eaey installments.
Houses built, rented and exchanged. j
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1300 Park St.. Alameda.
Office op*n Sundaya and evenings.
WE have a cozy 6-room cottape on a nice lot
which will ir.ake you an elegant home; a flue
location and the price ouly ; ¦•'¦
JIC'10.
A beautiful B-rooin high-basement cottage:
strictly up-to-date; a larse lot. 50x150; good
barn, fruit trees, lawn and shade trees; on one j
of our beet avenues; near staticn and schools
and otherwise centrally and delightfully lo- |
cated. This elegant place «.-an be had for |
52500.
Building lots a t-r«-cialty.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara ave.
MUST sell to close an estate; house and lot
1144 Broadway, corner of Washington st.,
Ala.rr.iua. seven rooms, bath, attic, basement,
gas; lot 50x140; fine location; make offer. Ap-
ply to B. McFADDEN, Attorney. 906 Broad-
way. Oakland. * ' v
J1550— 4-ROOM cottage, good as new; lot 33x114;
J500 cash. New cottage of 5 rooms; Weber Bt.
New cottage of 6 rooms. Houses built to or- j-
der and sold on easy terms. J. H.. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park st.. Alameda.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala..
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENT^
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. t
COZY home on the installment plan my 6pe-'. ;
dalty; *ee list below. ¦ ;Vr -.« '. v;-.-
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station. : : ' .
$1400— Lot 40x140; cottage, 5 rooms, bath, high. '
basement; hot and cold water; brick founda-I '
tion. .. ¦. ' • ¦ ' . ' .:"¦
(1600 — Story and a half house,- 6 rooms .and',
bath; brick foundation, hot and cold water;' .
lot 40x112. . . ¦ ' '. '¦; ¦'¦¦ ':-.':. ¦
$1800— Large cottage, 5 rooms, bath; -brick-,
foundation; nice porch; fine pantry.; ; modern .
plumbing; tinted walls, gas fixtures, etc.; lot'
£2xioo. ... . ' , ;:, . •: ¦-;¦¦ -%¦¦ .
$2300— See this gem; story and half cottage^ .
S rooms and bath; large reception ball; vorc'e-'.|
lain open work plumbing; tinted ¦ walls-;. -gas'
and gas fixtures; Improved street: surrounded.
by nice homes; close to two stations and- car
line; small cash payment and easy 'install;
meets will buy above homes.- • .. ¦ ¦¦.¦',¦-. '—
H. P.-IRWIX. Lorin Staijon. ;
$2800— UP to date cottage; 5 rooms, etc' ;'¦ large
lot; fully improved. MAY & MORTIMER.
. V .Berkeley tita-tlon.
$3000— MODERN house of 7 rooms, etc.. on Ban-
croft way. near college. •¦
. MAY &. MORTIMER,
Berkeley Station.
$1600— 6IGHTLY corner lot In the Scenic Park;
60x11*; street work'done. " ¦¦• '.i?;-
MAY & MORTIMER, \
.' ¦': ¦..• Berkeley Station.
J500— LOT, 60x125; sightly and within 3 blocks
of. college; situate on the hillside; a snap.
, MAY & MORTIMER. \
:'¦¦¦': Berkeley Station.
$1800— «-ROOM house; new; $200 down; monthly,
payments like rent. -. ; :
$3553— S-room house; 1 year old; lot 60x160; this
is a splendid bargain. ¦'-¦¦¦:
$1500 — Takes the finest corner in' North Berke-
ley; 60x180; view unexcelled.- It will be
offered for a few days only at this price.
One of the finest corners in Scenlo Park; street
work and sidewalks all done; only $1650;
toxirs.
A bargain in a 6-room cottage in Scenic Park ;
large lot; flue view; $2350. "'
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley.
$500 — XICE lot on paved street; 2H blocks of
university. . ¦ ., .-.. ¦•¦
$1650— Fine lot; In choice location: 45 feet
front; north side of Haste st., east of Fulton.
$2100 — Good S-room house; nearly new; near
high school. -¦ ¦ ¦•'.'.:•::
$2450— Comfortable 7-room cottage; nice loca-
tion; near high school. • ¦¦¦} '••.;.'.¦
$2500— New 6-room house: good location. ;-v"' ¦
$3000— New 7-room house; netr station. -.-.•¦
SioOO— Xctt S-room house; fine location.' ¦-:
$1300— Nice S-room house; choice' location;
south side. . '• -:\ .¦••¦:.•". /."-..¦¦.•:
$6500— House of 10 large rooms; modern; very
nice; elegant location. •':' ¦:¦'.-.'¦: -. . ¦
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center St.
ONLY $1900— A 6-room house within one block
of station; large lot, 60x160, containing 40
fruit trees, windmill and barn. - -'.::;.-.\.\ •
$3300— A new modern 8 -room house. ' equipped
with gas and electric lights, window shades
and sunshine water heater; street- work..: all
done; within one block of electric ' cars '¦ and
2 blocks of station. •¦.•¦:,'¦'-••'. ¦>..
$3100— A new 7-room houne; modern in every
respect: on eunny side of street; within one
block cf station; street work all done. - ¦ .-¦¦
Apply JOS. J. MASON; ']
Adjoining P. O.. . Berkeley. ¦'.
S-ROOM cottage; good location; convenient to
schools, stores and stations; price $1250, $150
cash, balance same as rent. Home Realty
Co.. successors to OELLERICH & PER-
KINS, Lorin. Office open Sundaya. .-• ' . • - ...
BARGAIN— $1000; 4-room cottage; hard finish |
lot 50x135; chicken houses, good well, water,.
ell fenced and cross-fenced; 3 blocks to sta-
tion and stores: $150 cash, balance same as
rent. Home Realty Co.. successors to OELL-
ERICH & PERKINS. Lorin. Office open
Sundays. ¦ ...
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; 'fine mantel and
sideboard: porcelain bath; tiled sink: sta-
tionary tubs; tinted walls; gas fixtures; sewer
and water; all connected; 1 block to train and
electric cars; $200 cash, balance $20 per month;
will rent for $22. W. C. MORAN & CO.
5T00 — ISO CASH, balance $10 per month; E rooms;
good well and pump; lot 60x130: 2 blocks to
cars. W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorin Station and Schmidt Block. . Berkeley,
CaL
$28— NICE furnished cottage 7 rooms, stable.
etc.; KW. cor. Grove and Blake. Berkeley.
TO let— Durant ave.. 2231; house of 9 rooms and
bath. LITTLE & WOOLSEY. Center »t.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$<C0— New cottage of 3 large rooms; fine lo-
cation: only 2 blocks from electric cars; city
water; eaey payments.
$1000— Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, partly
furnished; 2 closets, etc.; also summer house of
3 rooms and pantry: stable and chicken houses-
choice flowers and berries; good well and force
pump; easy terms if desired; only 2 blocks from
electric cars.
$1075— Cottage of 4 rooms; S closets, high base-
ment; all c«mented; lot 65x105; connected with
main sewer; only 4 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion.
$1300 buys this place— Cozy modern cottage of
t rooms on one floor; large hall, porcelain bath*
3 rooms finished in basement; brick foundation;
summer house; fruit trees and choice flowers-
jtable. rabbit, pigeon and chicken houses; lot
.5x108: all fenced; improvements worth alone
the price asked. •
11650— New modern cotttage cf 4 large rooms
and bath; high basement; good brick founda-
tion; chicken houses, etc.: lot 75x200; fronting
on two streets; fine location.
For eale in East Oakland— $1000. $100 cash and
IIS monthly will buy a pretty cottage of 4
Urge rooms and bath; high basement: good
brick foundation; fruit trees; lot 25x100: good
Belcrhborhood and a bargain. .
$1700— Chicken ranch of 2*4 acres; houso of 4
rooms, stable and chicken houses; fine location-
only one block from electric cars.
Complete chicken ranch of SH acres; house
of 7 rooms and bath; barn: chslce fruit trees*
line ¦well, windmill and tank; for rent at $10
!>or month: stock and fixtures for eale on same
place. For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
J60-NEW cottage; city water. "
S1450 — New cottage; gas; city water.
$1350— New cottage; large lot; city water.
$2200— New two-story house.
Some bargains for rent, furnished and unfur-
nished. Call and see the owner, I. L. SAX-
TON. Fruitvalo station.
$150— CHOICE lots, 2 blocks from Fm it vale
station.
$"200—^066111 4-room cottage; near station. '
I1SO0 — Modern 5-room cottage; large lot: near
station. H. W. DAVIS, Real Estate. FruLt-
nJe are., 2 blocks from station, ;
THE WINFIELD, 223A Leavenworth— Front
. suite with kitchen.
THE St. James, cor. Laguna and McAlllster v
sts. — Large, well- furnished single room, $S;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping, $15; handsomely furnished corner
' suite for light housekeeping, extra kltch?n in-
- eluded; select home for families.
SOUTH PARK, 184— One or two sunny rooms;
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 523 — Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms in private family; $5 per month.
SEVENTH, 22%, near Market— Sunny house-
keeping rooms; front suite. "
POST 961 — Front and back rooms; convenience
.'for housekeeping; private family.
POST, 527—2 or 3 unfurnished for light house-
keeping; one small furnished; private family.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
.furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
UNIVERSITY ot California— Notice to Con-
tractors, Builders and Material Men— Notice
• is hereby given to all concerned that sealed
proposals or bids are solicited for the heat-
-ing and plumbing: of a. building, to wit: A
residence for the President of said University
at Berkeley, California, and for performing
the labor and furnishing the materials nec-
essary therefor; and said bids or proposals
will be received at the office of the Regents
of the University of California. In the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art. corner of Mason
and California streets, San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the 30th
day of September. 1S01.
And notice Is hereby furtner given that
the plans and specifications of said building
and of said work to be performed and mate-
rials furnished thereon have been made and
adopted and are placed In the office of Al-
bert Pissis. Architect. 307 Sansome street,
San Francisco, where the same may be seen
and examined during eRch day from 9
o'clock a. m. until i o'clock p. m. from this
day until 12 m. on the 30th day of Septem-
ber. 1301.
No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the same are accompanied by a cer-
tified check cr a bond of said proposer In the
sum of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said
bid or proposal shall be accepted the party
proposing will duly enter Into a proper con-
tract to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations in accordance with said proposal
ant' plans and specifications, .which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to , reject any and all
bids Is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An Act to Amend an Act entitled,
"'An Act to create and Organize the Univer-
sity of California," a'pproved March 23. 1868,
and an Act amendatory of Section -25 thereof,
approved March 2S, 1872, relating to the con-
struction cf bulldlncs," ' approved March 3,
1S67.
By . Order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings. '• "
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated September 19. 1901.
OAK,, 119—2 sunny parlors, ?17; sunny back
room,' 57; 2 front basement rooms, $10; fur-
nished housekeeping. , . . .'
PIIOPOSALS.
TWO adults want 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms;
• state price. Box 807? Call office.
NOE, 175—1 or 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
• With' board or use of kitchen. ' ' > "
NEWPORT, 45 Franklin-rSunny bay, window;
h'keeping rooms, gas, running water; phone.
WANTED— Unfurnished room. $3 or $4 month";
in small family. Box 633, Call office.
MISSION. 1219-^Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete ; no children.. ' - ...
WANTED — A sunny front room partly furnish-
ed, within ten minutes' walk of Ellis and
¦ Jones sts. Box 853. Call office.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms and single rooms, cheap. •¦ . ,
McALLISTER, 53S— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping, $10, $12, $14.
WANTED — By single gentleman, pieasant un-
furnished room in private house, within
'district bounded by Sacramento, Taylor,
Green and Larkin sts. Address box 815, Call.
ROOaiS WASTED.
LARKIN, 1807 — Three large sunny unfurnished
.housekeeping rooms; use of bath; cheap. .
HOTEL. Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single .rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404— Sunny front room,
separate kitchen; reasonable. . : .-.";.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARKELL, 605 (Johnson House's— Sunny con-
servatory eulte and others; excellent board.
GOUGH, 437 — Light furnished rooms,' sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
JONES, 617— Pleasant, well furnished parlor
floor, 3 rooms, for rent for housekeeping.
HAYES, G71— Small front room with board for
young lady -or gentleman; terms reasonable.
tCTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 401 Eighth street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of Ms soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
• Cross Cemetery.
; 'Rest, beloved and dear one.
In the home of God sublime.
May llsht eternal bless thee
. And Joy be only thine.
COMPANY A, FIRST INFANTRY. N. G. C —
Notice: The of fleers and members of Com-
pany A, First Infantry, N. G.-C, are hereby
ordered to assemble at the armory, 25 Page
street, to-morrow (Monday), at 8:80 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral of our late com-
rade. Gustave Asmussen. Fatigue uniform.
Comrades of the late California Volunteers
are respectfully requested to attend.
GEORGE T. BALLINGER,
Captain Commanding Company.
(C7"Funeral services will be held Tuesday
afternoon. October 1, at the Congregational
Church, Benicia.
ASMUfcSEN-In this city, September 27, 1901
Gustave J., beloved son of William A. and
Susan Asmussen, and brother of William P.,
George J. and Charles L. Asmussen, John
T. Kane, Mrs. P. Williamson and Mrs. H.
M. Freck of Honolulu, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 26 years and 2 days. A member
of Bay City Parlor No. 104, N. S. G. W.
ANDREWS— In Benicia, S-jntember 28. 1901,
Sarah E., wife of 'the late James Harvey
Andrews, and beloved mother of Frank H.
and Lewis T. Andrews and Mrs. D. Roberts,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 72 years.
•• • -. DIED. .. -. '
Andrews, Sarah E. ' McAIeer.-John •
Asmussen, Gustave Madden, %Uith M. " '
Babb, Milton E. ¦ . Mason, Geonre
Blgwood, Job , Menzies. Stewart '
Bush, Julia E. ¦ Lorenzo '
Caldwell, William ' . Peterson, Margaret
Carroll, Martin - ' Power, Edward J.
Cotton. Annie . . Raw, Robert S. •
Daly, Violet S. • • Ribby, James
Davles, Agnes G. ' . ScharenberB, Anna .
Doran, Patrick "Schaughnessy, E. J.
Dugan, Margaret - Shreve, Matilda W.
Guyatt. Lennie Smith, Charles H.
Hamilton. Wm. H. H. Spangler, Marv E.
Huerne, L. E. Prosper Stanton. Edward D.V
Jackson, Richard R. Stitt, Frank
Kelly, Harry E. Tallagsen. Cha's. S.
Klngsley. Chas. H. Thomas. William H.
Lowney, Thomas F. Williams, Thomas
Lynch, Bridget * * Woodard. Edna^L.
FURNISHED front room,
near Octavla st.
FRANKLIN. 117— Two sunny front rooms com-
plete for hskpg. ; nicely furnished; $12 mo.
Apply 131 Lily ave.,
California, 807— Stevenson mansion: select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
FOURTEENTH, 132A— Front and back parlor
furnished for housekeeping, $12.
WANTED— A few boarders; first-class refer-
ences given and positively required; every-
thing first class. Box 898, Call office. /
FOLSOM, 610— Large furnished rooms and
grounds for families with children.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $20; also single, $4, $o and up.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness ave.
FIFTH, 3IS— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping ; rent cheap.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavel\worth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
HAMMOND— WITTii;— in this city, September
25, 1901. by the . ..v. J. H. Schroeder. Walter
S. Hammond and Anna S. "Witte.
REDFIELD— TUHNER— In this city, Septem-
ber 2, ¦ 1901, by the Rev. J. George Gibson.
Thomas B. Redfleld of Sanger and Lillian R.
Turner of San Francisco. . •
SUHR— ANDERSON— In this city, September
23, 1&01. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, H.
Fred Suhr Jr. and Edna B. Anderson.
MAERIED.
ELLIS-, 1164, near Gough— 3 unfurnished rooms
.'in. new fiat: eas and bath.
ELLIS, 412 — 2 sunny newly furnl«hed rooms;
• • complete for housekeeping, with gas range
and running water; ¥>0. -.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; bonrd optional. 120
Eddy kit., near Leavenworth.
EDDY, 939—2 or 3 rooms; private residence;
.' fine. location; use of phone.
ROOMS AM) UOARD.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Three large sunny desir-
able rooms; clean and convenient; reasonable.
BUENA VISTA ave', 419. near Frederick st.
,and Golden Gate Park— 4 or more furnished or
• unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; private.
BUSH, 907— Housekeeping and single rooms,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
TURK, 543— Clean sunny room, gas and- bath,
$2 25 per week; private.
BUCHANAN, 015— Unfurnibhed housekeeping
'rooms, with bath.
TURK, 123— Newly furnished front suite, suit-
able for doctor's office; gas; water; phone.
TURK, 114%— 2 sunny rooms, rear; rent $2 25,
BIRCH ave.', 615— Suite unfurnished of 3 rooms,
$7; water.' Apply 642 Grove st
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
TAYLOR, 216, corner Ellis— Rooms furnished
or 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. S20»/4 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALJB.
OLSEN— In this city, September 17, 1901, to the
wife of Lewis Olsen, twin daughters.
PFEIFFER— In this city, September 15, 1901,
to the wife of Louis W. Pfelffer, a daugh-
ter.
STERN— In New. York. September 27. 1901. to
the wife of Louis Stern, a son.
BORN.
FEENEY— In this city, September 22, 1901, to
the wife of Martin Feeney, a son. -
GREENWOOD— In this city. September 14,
1901. to the wife of Walter H. Greenwood, a
¦daughter.
GREPPIN— In this city, September 7, 190L to
the wife of Joseph E. Greppin, a son.
HOLLIS— In this city, September 18, 1901, to
the wife of Seth A. Hollis, a daughter.
HOLGERSEJN— In this city, September 16, 1901.
to the wife of William J. Holgersen, a son.
LEHRKE— In this city, September 19, 1901, to
the wife of Christian Lehrke. a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
SIXTH, 523— Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms In private family, $5 month up.
BIRTHS— MARRIiGES— DEATHS.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY room, excellent board; two, $8 week.
610 Twelfth st.
SECOND, 62— Furnished rooms from $1 to $3 per
week. *
OAKLAND FURNISHED FLATS.
9-ROOM residence furnished complete, includ-
ing piano. $40 per month. 469 E Eleventh st.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
where a solemn requiem high mass w.n bs
celebrated for the repose of his soul at S
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ".
SCHARENBERG— In this city. September «?.
190L Anna ScharenberK. beloved mother of
the late John Scharenberg of Chicago, Charles
Scharenberg:, Theodor Scharenberc of Port
Augusta. South Australia. Mrs. E. Seaberg >.
and Helnrich and Ludwig Scharenberr. *
native of Altenkremye, Holstein, Germany,
aged 82 years and 27 days. ¦ ic
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. September 28.
1901, Edward J., beloved son of M. F.
Shaughnessy. and brother of William. John.
James and Joseph Shaughnessy. a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years 11 months and
11 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 3473 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from corner of Twentieth and
Guerrero streets.
SHREVE— In Alameda. September 17. . 1901.
Matilda W.. beloved daughter of Georxe W.
and the late Matilda Shreve, and slater ot
Minerva C. May S., Ella V.. Ruth T. and
Frank D. Shreve. a native of San Francisco,
aged IS years 4 months and 22 daya.
C7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at the rest-
dence, 1305 Santa Clara avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. September 23, 19<VL
Charles Howard Smith, brother of David M.
Smith, Mrs. Sarah C. Gorham. Mrs. Carrls
L. Burr and the late Mrs. Ella S. Reed, and
uncle of Fred Reed, a native of Chelsea.
Mass.. axed 64 years 6 months and 1$ days.
K7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at th*
residence of his brother-in-law. E. B. Burr.
3023 Twenty-first street. Interment private*
Laurel Htll Cemetery.
SPAXGLER— In this City and County Hospital,
September 23, 1901. Mary E. Spaagltr. a na-
tive of Germany, azed 61 years.
STANTON— In this city, September 17. 1301.
Edward D. Stanton, beloved husband of Ev«
Stanton, son of Joseph Durbin, and brother
of Joseph R- William V. and Maurice Dur-
bin and Mrs. M. G. Travolle, a nattv* ot
California, aged 21 years.
STITT— In thla city, September 28, 130J. Frank,
beloved son of James P. and Emma Stltt.
and brother of Augustas and th« lat« Walter
P. and Gertie Stltt. a native of Saa Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years and 10 months.
TALLAGSEN — At Wrights Station, Bant*
¦ Clara County, September 25, 1901. Charles 3.
Tallaffsen, dearly beloved brother of. Mrs.
John Werth and Andrew Tallarsen. a native
i of. Mandal, Norway, aged 58 years 4 month.
and 28 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the ftnaral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Slasonio Hall.
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South San
Francisco, where services -will b« held un*
der the auspices of Court California No. 791^
A. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
"THOMAS— In this city. September XI. 1M1,
William H.. beloved husband of TAzzli
Thomas, .and father of Estella and Edna
Thomas and Mrs. J. B. Crowley of Port-
land. Or., a native of England, axed 51
years.
ET'Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors ot
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertakinj; Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
W rJ£' LIAMS^; In . thla clt *- September 88. 190L
Thomas Williams, a native of Plymouth.
England, aged 38 years and 4 months. A.
member of Court Southern Heights No. 1150,
I. O. F.. and Burnaby Lod*e No. 194. Sons
of St. Georse.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 624 Connecticut street, off Twentieth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighth and Harrison
streets.
™> DA _W>rI* this city. September V. 1901,
Edna Louisa, beloved daughter of Rosa and
James Woodard. a native of Watsonvllla.
Cal.. asred 6 months and S days.
PINE, 99 J— Sunny front room; new flat; private
family; gentleman. '
SUNNY, up-to-date house of 7 rooms.
Twelfth ave.. East Oakland.
.'OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES..'
9-ROOM furnished house near narrow gauge
depot. Apply 1258 Harrison st.. Oakland.
PINE, 980, near Taylor— A suit of sunny fur-
" nlshed rooms; modern Improvements; reason-
able. • . * . • ».*-..-¦.
OLIVE ave., 127—2 unfurnished rooms, $6 50
• per month. . •
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; double bed; 1, $8; 2, $10.
". $25— 6-room flat; in town; all modern," stable.
' .$18 — 8 rooms; In town; fine location. ¦• .
$15— 5-room modern cottage, sunny.- ' :.". ,
. $16—5 rooms;, near train and town. ' ' .•«¦
$12—3 rooms; right in town; cottage. :
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway,- ,
The House Renters of Oakland, Cal.
Jj^OAlCLAXD^HOlISES^Tp^LET.^
$22— FURNISHED cottaee; "6 rooms; in -town;
-.must be rented Monday. ••• •
. $25— Fine 10-roomed house,, modern; near
. train and cars; lawn, 1 garden.
Smith. 24, city. •
. Michele Mlchelettl, 30, 602 Francisco street,
and Amelia Bertolucci, 24, 12 Bartol street.
Julius Ach, 33, city, and Beatrice Sachs, 27,
city. , .
Augustin Duboce, 76. 7% Langton street, .and
Henrietta Finnigran, 45, 7% Langton street.
The followins marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . * •...,
John Fonnesbeck. 30, 143 Bartlett street, and
Gertrude G. Stoddard, 22, 143 Bartlett street.
George Loudon, 31, city, end Mary Joseph,
August Braun. 30. 714 Howard street! * and
Olga F. Fabrich, 27. 4543 Eighteenth' street.
William E. Buell Jr., 27, Kennett, and Violet
Rosencrantz, 26, 2512 Sacramento street.
James Fletcher, 24, 3011 Buchanan street," and'
Rosle McCoy. 20, 1924 Greenwich street. • *.
Robert C. Dunbar, 38, 204 McAllister street,
and Margaret J. Stappe, 26. 905 Diamond st .
Alfred Anderson, 28, 4311 Twenty-fourth
street, and Gerda NHson, , 23, • 4311 Twenty-
fourth street. > "
Hermann D. Otten; 30, 724 Mission street;
and Katharina A. Siems, 29. 132 Wiidey ave.-
Edward W. .Plath, 68, 14 Sacramento street,
and Mary E. McLean, 34, Oakland. -
William B. Faville, 35,. city, and Ada* C.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
OneBotjle Always Cures
RHOJHATISM
Tha Infallible Remedy}
- a Perfect and Permanent Car*
For $2.50
• No lalicylated soda or potash; cannot
" Injure the most delicate, stomach.
For circulars and testimonial* call
or address,
'"• I PINTJS MEDICINE CO.,
Valencia at.; tel. Church 1371.
-. ¦ ' San Francisco, C«U
MISSION. 930%— Laurel House; rooms to let;
no transient. .
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg*y.
MISSION. 923V4— Front suite, single and house-
keeping rooms. ' .
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
investment. . ;>»••. •
, Colony property from 10 to 25,000 acres.
: . Thirty-page catalogue of California .homes.
-Large list: may exchange!
. See E. E. BUNCE for all bargains, 952 Broad-
way, Oakland. •. • » *
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS.
.Hotels for sale. -^
. Lodging-houses. "• •
Grocery ° stores. • •
' Hardware stores. :-~\ . .*. . - '
• Drug stores. " • °
• "Fifty good farms for sale; some for exchange.
'• Business .property paying 6 per cent net' on
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRiraRS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
McALLISTER, 713 — Nice sunny furnished
room; gas, bath; rent reas. to perm, roomer.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates, i
LEAVENWORTH, 716— Sunny parlors; suitable
doctor's office; water, gas, phone.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
LARKIN, 817^4— Large sunny corner room,
nicely furnished ; investigate.
JONES. 305— Neatly furnished single and
double rooms; reasonable.
STORAGE AJVD WAREHOUSES. '
PIERCE-RODOLPH StorasTTnT^Movlng^Co^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
$2oOO-^-BEST bargain in Oakland; pretty, cozy,
modern Eastlake cottage of 5 large rooms
and bath; hall, bay window, brick founda-
tion; high basement, etc.; all In tha very
best condition: street work all dons and stone
walks are laid; within immediate vicinity of
City Hall, narrow-gauge depot and new Post-
office and adjoining property that is worth
$200 per front foot; belongs to an estate and
must be sold; $2500 is the bottom price; title
perfect and no mortfc'ayre; renting for $20 per
month; this is a. <ooj buy for an investment
and Is an exceptionul bargain for a, home;
• look into this at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
, • . 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring: lowest rates: Uhone Mint 45. 145 6th.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly fu-st-cias.s;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; referenced;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
GUERRERO, cor. Twenty-third— Sunny front
bay-window room; rent $8.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
GROVE, 359— Single furnished room, $5 per
month.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pins.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 941— Small, sunny, fur-
nished room for lady. Apply evenings.
GOLDEis' GATE ave., 618— Large sunny room,
suitable for 2, $8 per month.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel 5680.
$100 DOWN and about $20 per month. Includ-
ing Interest, will buy this cozy, sunny corner
cottage of 6 rooms, with bath. hall, hot and
cold water, bay window, high basement and
brick foundation; lot 30x100 feet; street work
all done on both streets and stone walks laid
in Tront; close to public schools and churches;
location very desirable; handy to local sta-
tion; well rented now; can be seen at any
time; total only $1500; liberal discount for
quick cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
10* Broadway. Oakland.
GOLDEN GATE, 521— Sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable; phone.
$50 REWARD for the arrest and conviction of
the party or parties who destroyed the sinks
and stole the lead pipe from 521 Mission st.
JAMES TOMPKINSON, 57 Minna st.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 21S— Sunny front parlor
suitable 2 gentlemen friends; bath; gas; mod-
erate.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 126— Nice furnished
rooms; gas grate; also light housekeeping.
$2500— $1CO DOWN, balance monthly; brand-new
home of 6 fine large sunny rooms, with porce-
lain bath and sink; elevated lot 40x150 (note
the size); near Grove st. ; street work all
done; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
IOCS Uroadway, Oakland.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1
. per box: warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
ing. Itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devisadero St., near Sutter.
GEARY, 604— 8unny front furnished rooms.
OAKUM ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1113 BkOADWAY.
OAKLAND UEAL ESTATE. .
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO.
4GCM62 Eighth st., Oakland.
$100.000 — A choice corner business property
(formerly MDO.uiuj, paying good interest; a bar-
gain can be secured in order to close estate.
frUO.CLH;— An elegant centrally located business
block; an unutsuuliy choice property.
$??,O0u — One ot tne handsomest homes in this
city; cost Hlo.uGQ one year ago; new and com-
plete; "beautUul lor situation"; "possessing
advantages of near remoteness and accessible
seclusion"; the location cannot fail to charm
tne most fastidious buyer; an extraordinary
offering.
fc.'61/O— Bargain; Twenty-first, near Telegraph
ave.; right m town; neat bay-window cottage,
; rooms and l>aih; 30 leet; rents $20.
Jl7io — Mouern 7 rooms; bath and laundry; ter-
raced lot 53x170; choice, sightly location; on
car line; street work complete; near schooU,
cnurches, etc.; terms if desired.
$2250— New; Just completed; b rooms; porce-
lain bath; lot £.0x150; choice location; central
h-ttti Oakland; near cars, scnools ana churches;
installment terms; plans at oillee.
ilouo— Large 4-room cottagei bath; basement,
etc.; lot 25x100; one block to Adeline station, j
*lr(W— Modern i-ioom c-ottase; bath; luunury; 1
basement; lot 29x112; pear Clinton station; |
newly painted; near cars and train; easy terms, j
Ji'&iO— Kine modern cottage; ti rooms; : batfi; I
basement; attic and laundry; lot blxl'i); nc-ar
trains; one block to school; choice location; in
Kan Oakland; installment teruis.
$3600— Extra choice two-acre suburban home,
with tine Improvements; worth $JOO0; all in fuli-
br-arlng fruit; cost $45'.'O; otter wanted. ,
SC500— Cost owner $12,000; extra line bargain;
lu-room modern and complete specially con-
structed home; corner; 5i) feet on two promi-
nent streets; car line; non-resident; a sacritlce;
central location; tine for professional man.. '
$7£>o— Reduced from $12,000; original cost; •
choice Lakeside district; residence 12 rooms; fc6
feet; surrounded by houses -or and'
capitalists; mortgaged- and must be sold imfne-
cliati-ly. " 4 "... .-.. • ¦;• ' .-.'•.-.:¦ -•"••. ' •;"
$1300— $200 cash,. $20 a month; -bank sale of a"
pretty new colonial 2-story; 6 rooms; porcelain
bath ; ¦ 2 ' toilets ;• ¦ mantel ;\ folding .• doors ; sunny .
. s>ide of street;, driveway; deep -lot;, street" com-
plete ; bet. ¦ G.roye . and' -Telegraph ; ' a splendid,,'
eusv term home bargain.-..' : • •.¦••¦..¦¦¦ .¦.,'.¦ "". ."'
$20,000— Mortgage. $12,000 at 6Vi' per cent-; mag-" ¦
niflcent. Lakeside residence; corner;- wltlran in- r
terior embellishment" that, must be- seen to..be ,
appreciated; property "must be> sold -or' eq.ulty.
traded atonce; offer wanted. •.¦'•;.•¦¦.• '.v- : .'- •'• •
$250()-TMortgage $2000; owner must seU by" .Oct.
1st; extra 1 pretty: Piedmont corner home;.. new
and icomplete; 2-story; 6. rooms; • 03x110;. .oiler;
"wanted.-- "••..'. - • •' ';. '¦¦' ¦- ¦".' ' • •.•*••¦
$1250— Mortgage $900; ¦: cost . $1600;, : Within- -"few
blocks of-Thirteenth-aven: station; neat Colonial.
• cottage ;• 5 rooms and bath ; must sell;- • .. •» • ¦'.¦¦
.!' $5000-rEIegant new -Roman style .2-story' .corner •
residence; 8. rooms; every appointment;' superb
•location; : oTie block of three $20,000 homes;
.property -[must be -sold; professional- men/. in-
vestigate.' '•;-'¦ '-. . . . : .. •
:: ' *4500— Present loan $3500; offer considered;
•modern 2-story; S rooms; modern plumbing;
•choice, prominent location: fronts electric cars;
•a bargain ; can be .secured on easy terms. • ." . .
¦'$2100— Fruitvale ave.; neat cottage, 5 rooms;
'¦lot- 80x150; must be' sold; will sacrifice. ¦ ¦. ¦ '
¦- : $5100— Investment flats; rents $50 month; new,
¦modern and complete; choicely situated; .near
VTelepraph ave. • '- .
$7500— Absolutely the prettiest new home in
¦Upper Piedmont; 8 rooms: extra fine architect-
ure; grandly situated: big lot; the best location;
fine residences adjoining and opposite. ," .
. $3500-:Sacrlnce; a complete, up-to-date home;
'9 rooms; barn: lot 50x150; choicest location,
• East Oakland Heights; cost of improvements
exceeds price. ...
MAGNIFICENT FRUIT RANCH.
J16, 500— Finest fruit ranch near Oakland for
the price: mortgage $8000; must be sold: offer
wanted at once; 31 acres full bearing; city style
Improvements; absolute sacrifice. ¦ .
EXTRAORDINARY SALE. V;
$S500 unfurnished. 510.000 furnished — Vernon
Heights; near Senator Perkins" mansion'; an ele-
gant residence of 9 rooms; modern and com-
plete; Interior magnificently and artistically !
finished; furnished only three months ago new
throughout from Breuner & Co-.; dining-room '
set cost over JSOO, and similar furnishings; i
stylish home; superb neighborhood; special rea- !
sons for selljng; unusual sacrifice. . I
$4500— A bargain; Myrtle st.. bet. Eighth and |.
Tenth; beautiful street: two-story bouse of 10 j
rooms and bath: lot 50x125; near Market st. i
station. • j
J5250— Reduced from $7500: Linda Vista terrace
(choicest part): corner house of 9 rooms, bath.
(•table, furnace; full-grown ehrubbertes; new
loan J35C0; quick offer wanted; immediate, pos-
session; owner packed to go north. \
$8000— A capitalists's home on heights of East
Oakland (warm belt): half block, choicest
grounds; magnificent view; cars half block;
over J15.0C0 expended; offer wanted r going to
Germany.
$1C5O— Unusually pretty two-story Colonial: 4
large rooms; porcelain bath: mantel; choice
shrubberies; perfect home; Piedmont car line
on« block; model home. ' ¦• . ¦ .
See us for Oakland real estate. '.'.... . "¦ '
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400 and 462 Eighth Bt.. Oakland.
60e A WEEK; how to become rich. '¦'¦ ,-'. '¦!.: ••••:' ¦'.¦':
This should interest every man, -woman '..
'.-Tand : chlld'who Is desirous of saving. -. :.
something and .will investigate this proposl-
: tion. ...-, .J : ..- .-'.;' \ .-.. ¦ - ;.;¦¦; '¦•_;• . ¦. , ; . ... ; .
;; ¦ ; ; . ; : :. J25,'. PAYABLE 60c A WEEK. ' ':' ¦ 3 : ¦
/.buy* 100- shares ' non-assessable • land '.-' :.•'¦•.
'' stock in the Oakland Land Company. .-.'
.Ifyou Join -with, us now • .: •.¦.•''..": :
¦ we pay -you 10Q per cent the first year.-.'- '.'¦'.•
I Your investment guaranteed." "We invite ¦••¦¦'.¦'•
.. you to call and investigate for yourself.' 1 '•• '
. We have lawyers, • doctors,- merchants, clerks,'
.'women and people' in every line. of • ••¦ • ¦
•profession interested with us.' V.- '• f\'.\;'-'--
; .The company owns one of the most' - : '-'..'¦ -¦• '
" beautiful pieces of property in the :-¦¦ .'.'¦¦:-'
. .Point Richmond district. -. The only-. ""'.¦'.¦"
- piece which has* two railroad ' "... ;
' stations upon the ground,' combined . ..''..• .,
.-. with over one mile water front, '•¦ •'. '¦¦¦".' ' -.'-V
for manufacturing: purposes; only "• - - ¦- ' '. ..
• B0 minutes to San Francisco. • ••;¦ . ••' '¦'¦';¦"-'
Property will be bo, Improved as to i. v.' ¦•••¦ ;-.
make the choicest ' residence site- • .' ;'. •.
¦ In this whole section.. , . -. -.'¦': •.'¦•." '¦•"
Call and get full particulars,. " '• "-¦:''-.-•. •'
- Maps and catalogues of this section." ;;¦ "¦
• . -OAKLAND LAND COMPANY,-'
. ':.'•.¦ . ' .. '. 632 Market st, San Francisco. '. •
$10 CASH. BALANCE $5 PER MONTH? . *
The Oakland. Land Company Is going to sell
50 more lots
In Richmond Heights this coming week.
$100 each, worth $150 to $200 each.
50x150. Point Richmond District. . '•
Less than one hour to San Francisco.
Having over 1 mile water front for manufac-
turing purposes; having two railroad stations
on the ground direct to San Francisco and
water front combined. No expenses to pur-
chasers for grading, streets, sewers and lay-
ing water mains.
The Oakland Land Company offers you more
for your money on a safe investment and sure
of big returns, than any corporation operating
in this district. ¦ .
The Oakland Land Company Is composed of
representative business men, lawyers, doctors,
merchants and people in every line of profes-
sion.
The lots offered this week are sold at a spe-
cial price. Yon will be able to double your
money before they are paid for.
We invite you to call, get maps and full
particulars.
LAYMANCE. €32 Market rt.. room 10. 8. P.
460 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$450 CASH, $17 E0 month— Sunshine cottage of 8
rooms and bath; everything up to date; sani-
tary plumbing; trees, flowers and vines In
porfuslon; fine kept grounds; away from raw
winds and fogs; grand. view; the Eden part
of Oakland, adjoining East Oakland: price
all told, $2450; call or send for circulars, 4S5
Seventh st., opposite Broadway station. Oak-
land; carriage free. II. Z. Jones, Land Owner.
$250 CASH. 17 monthly— 4-room cottage; good
well of water: chicken shed and run; 2 fine
lots 50x100; picket fence; excellent soil: charm-
ing view; best climate; near 2 electric car
lines; 90-foot boulevard and model school-
house; away from cold winds and fog; 80
families located here within 3 years: price, all
told. $850. Call or send for circulars, 453
Seventh «t.. Broadway station, Oakland. H.
Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR sale— Corner lot, 100x135; 6-roomed house;
largo barn: bcauttful garden. Thirty-fourth
ani Linden sts.. Ban Pablo ave. cars pass the
• door. S« owner on premises.
V .
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ,
EVELYN, 20S Powell-Bright, cheerful, well-
furnished rooms; excellent location; thor-
oughly respectable ; $1 SO per week up:
DOLORES, 934, near 23d— To let, furnished,
large front and back rooms; bath; gas; grate.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
$100 DOWN and monthly payments of -say $13.
with ' interest, will buy a very cozy Gothic
cottage of 7 rooms, newly painted and in
good condition throughout.- and bath, "with
hall, bay window, double parlors, brick foun-
dation, etc. etc., and lot 40x122 on sunny side
of the street, with barn and loft, chicken-
hoUses, well and pump, city water, fruit trees
and flower garden; situate right close to Tele-
graph ave.; half a block from electric cars;
few minutes' walk from local trains; in a de-
sirable residence locality and within 2 blocks
of church and public school; for half cash
$1700 will take It. Call and see it or write us
for location and a photo.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for this property,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
ELDERLY lady would like to Join others
weary of boarding either as boarder or would
take charge of flat 1096 Post st.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CLAY. 1523, near Hyde— Large sunny furnished
room, with use of bath. ' .
YOUNG couple" desires gcod~room' and board
with private' family; centrally located; best
references. Box 805, Call office.
ROOMS TO LET^Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
CAPP, 1050— Nice furnished room; private. fam-
ily; no, children. '¦ , ¦
vles. daughter of Margaret T. and the late
Frederick W. Walker, and sister of Walter
G.. and Fred R. Walker and Mrs. F. O.
Bruker. a native of San Francisco.
E7"The funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the fam-
ily residence. 1627 Hayes street. Interment
private.
DORAN— In this city. September 28, 1901. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Doran, and uncle of Patrick Doran. a native
of Dublin. Ireland, aged 67 years. ,
£7 Remains at tha parlor* of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter.
DUGAN— In thla city. September 27, .1901. Mar-
garet Dugan, dearly beloved mother of Ed-
ward G. and Alice Dugan and Mrs. T. F.
Bryaut, a native of County Waterford. Ire-
land, aged 68 years 1 month and 12 days.
|£?"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 29 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, Mission street, for services
" at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. r
GUYATT— In : Willows. Glenn County, Cal..
September 28, 190L Lennie. beloved daughter
Of John and Annie Guyatt. a native of San
° Francisco, aged 16 years 6 months and 15
days.
HAMILTON— In ' 'Sacramento, SeDtember 26,
, 1901, William H. H.. husband of Mollle Him-
. ilton, son of W. H. H. and M. J. Hamilton
* of East Oakland, and brother of Milton J.
Hamilton, a native of East Oakland. CaL,
aged 20 years 6 months and 13 days.
HUERNE — An anniversary requiem high mass
' , will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
••of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
.Church 'of Notre Dame des Victoires, Bush
street, .' below Stockton. Tuesday, October 1,
'commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend. ...
JACKSON— In this city. SeDtember 28. 1301,
Richard R. Jackson, a member of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 2007, G. U. O. O. F.. a native of
New York, aged S7 . years S months and 10
days.
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Shiels building,
32 O'Farrell street, under the auspices of the
above lodge. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of the Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company, 4C5 Powell
street, near Post.
KELLY— In this city. September 28. 1501, Harry
E., dearly beloved husband of Violet Kelly,
beloved son of Mary A. and the late Pat-
rick Kelly, brother of William, James. John.
Charles, George, Jennie, Annie and May
Kelly and Mrs. Golden, and son-in-law of
Mrs. J. Torrence. a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years 5 months and 23 days.
K1NGSLEY— In this city. September 27. 1901.
Charles H., beloved husband of Tillle Kings-
ley, and father of Virginia and Helen Kings-
ley, a native of England, aged 43 years.
KT'Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •¦ ' ¦ ¦
LOWNEY— In this city, September 27. 1901.
Thomas F., dearly beloved husband of Mamie
Lowney, son of Timothy J. Lowney, and
loving fathar of May H.. Florence, George.
Angeline, Thomas F.. Ruth and Harold Low-
ney, a native of Fall River, Mass., ased 42
years and 10 months.
C3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 332A Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LYNCH— In this city, September 2S. 1901. Brid-
get Lynch, wife of the late John Lynch, &
native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 1, at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 O'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McALEER— In Sacramento, September 25, 1901.
John McAleer. beloved brother of the late
Andrew and Hugh McAleer, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 69 years..
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from James Hagan's
undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MADDEN— In Reno. Nev., SeDtember 26. 1901.
Ruth Madeline, beloved daughter of Joseph
and Annie Madden, and sister of Joseph A.
Madden, a native of Reno,. Nev., ,axed 7"
i months and 1 fday.
ETFuneral will be held from 1S38 Ellis
street to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock.
MASON— In this city, September 28, 1901.
George, Infant son of Edward and Nora Ma-
son, a native of .San Francisco,, aged (
months and 9 "days.
MENZIES— In this city. September 25. 1901.
Stewart Menzies, father of Sarah Menzles
and Mrs. Agnes Last, a native of Glaseow,
Scotland, aged 70 years.
C3*Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at Masonic TemDle. corner Post
and Montgomery streets, under the auspices
of Excelsior Lodge No. 168, F. and A. M. In-
teiment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MICHIELI— In this city. September 27. 1901.
Lorenzo Michieli, beloved wife of Stefano
Mlchieli, dearly beloved mother of the Rev.
Father Vincenzo Mlchieli, S. J., and of J.
P. Michieli and Mrs. Leon di Nola, and sis-
ter of the late Rev. Father Poala'Bersatich.
a native of San Pietro. Dalmatia. Austria,
aged 5S years 6 months and 23 days.
(nyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1S93 Mission street, thence to Corpus
Chrlsti Church, where services will be held
for the reDose of her soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, September 27. 1901.
Margaret Peterson, wife of Andrew Peterson,
a native of Australia, aged 30 years.
POWER— In this city, September 27. 1901. Ed-
ward J., beloved son of Bernard and Anasta-
tia Power, and brother of Mary E., Margaret
; V.. Bernard M.. Martin P. V. and the late
Annie A. Power, a native of San Francisco
aged 25 years 8 months and 13 days
|pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1721 Jones street, thence to St Marv' a
Cathedral for services. Interment HolyCrosa
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers. A solemn
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul In St. Brigld's Church, on Monday
morning. September 30. at 9 o'clock.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS— All offi-
cers and members and officers. on the retired
list will assemble at the residence of our
late colonel. Edward J. Power. 1721 Jones
street, to-day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock aharo
to attend the 'funeral. By order of ¦ narD »
MAJOR DANIEL C. DE\SY
P. J. HAGGERTY. Captain and Adjutant
IGNATIAN Council No. 35. Y. M I _\r-m
bers: You are urgently requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Colonel ??
J. Power, and we also extend an earnJ.« «~
vltatlon to all brothers of the Y M t
participate with us in honoring our deceased
brother. We will assemble at tha housed
mourning on the day of the funeral It iS
o'clock. J. B. QITEEN PrSld^» U
C. L. EBNER. Secretary. res »dent.
RAW— In this city. September 28. woi n n *~*
Sunter. btloved husband of Mary EllzaWK
Raw. and father of Flora I. Raw J i h
of Illinois, aged 60 years. ' a nat ive
CTTrlends and acquaintances are ?¦•«»....
fully Invited to attend the funeral to^nC
.(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from MsUte °r2,. y
Vience. 1412 O'Farrell street. Interment Moun?
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage Mount
RIBBY— In this city, SeDtember "7 I9fli t»— t
beloved husband of Mary Ribby and' >?£J?k*'
of, Mrs. Michael Murphy, a nafi've of cSJ»S
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 59 years A rnVS
piilllillllll
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green lmvru
slon street, thence -tn y S t7 Pete?** "chu^S"
DALY— In Auburn. September 28. 19M. Violet
Soule Daly, Infant daughter of George and
the late Violet Soule Daly, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 21 days,
DA VIES— In this city. September 27. 1901. Ag-
nts Gertrude, beloved wife of Frank W.
Davies, mother of Creighton and Maud Da-
BAY CITY PARLOR No. 104. N. S. O- W--
Membtrs are requested to attend the f" 11 *^
of our late brother. G. Aamuesen, t^-™ 0 "° w
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 401 Eighth street. By order of tne
President. H. L. GDNZBURGER. Sec.
BABB— In Raymond. Madera County. Septem-
ber 16. 1901. Milton E. Babb. formerly of San
Francisco, affed 47 years.
BIGWOOD-Ia Alameda. Job Blffwood. be-
loved husband of Margaret Bijrwood. ana
father of Mrs. Elizabeth Smith and Jirs.
Eseballa Lansre of San Francisco, a n»uy a
of England, aged 67 years and « montns.
(Sacramento and Marysville papers please
copy.)
ESTriends and acauaiittances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from St. Joseph's Church, whera
a requiem high mass will be said for
the repose of his soul, commencing at s^
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery
Oakland.
BUSH— In this city. September S7. 1901. Julia
E., beloved wife of the late John Bush,
and mother of John F., Theodore H.. Eliza-
beth R.. William K. and Joseph A. Bush
and Mrs. L. Newbell. a native of Sydney,
Australia, aged 71 years 1 month and 6 days.
ETTuneral to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.
CALDWELL— In this city, September 27. 199L
William Caldwell. a native of Scotland, aged
73 years.
CyRemalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2479 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
CARROLL— In this city. September 28. 190X.
Martin Carroll, a native of Canada, aged 7S
years 10 months and 24 days.
COTTON— In Oakland. September 28. 1901. An-
nie, beloved wife of James Cotton of 13o3
Eleventh avenue, and mother of J. Lincoln.
Cecil May and Horace Le« Cotton, a native
of England, aged 43 years.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROO9IS AND BOARD WANTED.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
FOURTH, 225— Nice sunny front room; also
single.
I ACCEPT your offer, "E," and I will at once
write you further and arrange to see your
- man when he comes here.
123 Geary Street.The feeling In . Hay , continues steady, and
tha recently-Improved^ prices are maintained
Arrivals sell oft readlly.\ There Is nothing new
In Feedstuff s.
BRAN-»20 W®21 60 per ton.
MIDDL1NO8— SK«f23 per ton.
K12KD8TUFK8-llolled Barley, 116017 BO per
ton; OUcciko Mral nt the mill, K^fi; Jobbing.
tM tO; Cocoanut Cake, I17O1S; Corn Meal, t)4u
85; Cracked Corn. 134 60035 50; Mixed Feed.
118 BO019 60. • .
HAY— Wheat, 17 B0©10; Chole*. no 60; Wheat
&nd Oat, $7 104110 to; Oat. $7 6099; Parlay and
Oat. |«80©«60; Alfalfa, ISflflOBO; Clover, ti W
©7; Volunte«>r. $S^7; Stock. |5©« per ton.
8TIIAW-K«7424o p«r bale. ., . < - .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras. 13 kq
S 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 »®3 :5;
Oregon, $Z B0iS2 75 per barrel for family and
|2 75CS *° r bakers' ; Washington bakers', $j 75
MILLSTUFF8-Prlccs In racks are aa foN
lows, usual <»«<>unt »« the trade: Oraham
Flour. JS per 100 lbs: Rye. Flour, 12 75; , lty.
Meal. W 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. U Si
extra cream do, «4; Oat Groats, »5; Hominy. 14
«4 26: Kuckwheat Flour. I4fi4 2S; Cracked
Wheat. $110; Farina. l« 50; VhoU Wheat
Flour. SS 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $«85©S3i
in .acka. *6 60©S: Pearl BarUy. J5; Split i'ea..'
jj- Ureen Pcaa. »« to per 100 lba. '
Flour and Millstuffs.
AM descriptions under this head remain a»
before. Wool ta in very fair demand . and
steady, Hides anl Tallow rule firm, and Hops
are strongly held by growers.
HIDES AND BKINS-Culls and brands* sell
about I4o under quotattona. Heavy aalted
Hteers. «c; medturo. 10c: lljtht, «o: Cow Hldia.
»c for heavy and 9c 1 tor light; Stars, 7c: Salted
Kip, 9V*c; Salted Veul. 10c; Salted Calr, W4o-
Dry Hides. lOeKHe; Culls. Ho; Dry Kip. lSci
Drv Calf. ISo: Culls and Brands. ISc; Sh*«pl
¦kins. nhearltnBa,' 1S©:10o eixch; short Wool, so
OOUo each; medium. 60©75c; long Wool. 80ctf
"leach: Horse Hide-, nit. ttMOS 75 for IoVk?
and 120! IS^for mwllum, 1 1 60O1 76 for small
and 50o for Colts: Home Hides, dry, $1 75 f Or
large. $1 I5O1 60 for medium. 11 M for small
and Wo tor Colta. Doarmklna— Summer or red
•kins, 35c; fall or medium skins, JOc; winter nr
thin iklnB. Mo. Goat»klns-Prlm« Angora*,
*.v. large «ml smooth, KOc; medium, tso.
TALLOW— Renn«d. fHo; No, 1 r«nd#r*d. 441
V&o per lb; No., a, 34Q<c; (reast, t4O3o.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Chlcpgo market yesterday was strong,
with llfht offerings and a good demand. Pri
vate wires continued to state that the mar
ket was being held up by the packer*. Private
estimates show a decrease In stocks there dur
ing the past month as follows: Pork, 3C0O bar
rels; Lard,- from 12.0C0 to 15.000 tierces; Rlhu,
5,m«.C(0 lbs. .
This market continues as firm as ever, though
there Is no further advance.
CURF.D MEATS— Baton. 12>,ic per lb for
heavy. lSWISc for light medium, He for light,
15c for extra light and lGc for sugar-cured
Ea«tern sugar-cured Hams. I4®144c; California
Hams. 13>,»c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess. $1S: Family. |12 50; prime Mesd Pork.
SIS; extra clear, S23; Mess, 119; Smoked Beef,
14o per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted nt 74<08c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure
13V»c: 10-lb tins. 1514c; B-lb Una. i!?ic: 3-lb tin»"
ISol ¦ ••
COTTOLENE-One h«U-bnrrtl. 9?(c: three
• half-barrels. 9»4c: one tierce. »Hc; two tierces
94c; flv« tierces. 9Hoper lb.
Provisions.
* SATURDAY, Sept. 2S 12 m.
BM. Ask. ¦ nid A^'k
Alta 02 OR Justice 01 <r
Andes 05 06 Julia - 01
Aluha — 02 Kentuck — oi
Uelcher 09 10 Mexican i» ">n
Ilest & Belcher 17 IS npnir 77 ?»
Hulllon 01 02 Overman 04 i«
Challenge 15 17 Occidental 05 OG
Calotlonta 31 85 Potonl 03 CD
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 7J Kavage 02 <v»
ConflilencQ 72 74 tilnrra Novad.t. SO tt
Ohollur 07 OS Silver Hill S3 M
'Crown Point... 03 04 Sen Belchrr.... C3 oa
Kxcheyucr — 01 Standard — 3 2S
Oould & (Mrry. 07 09 Utah ......; 03 03
)Ial« & Norcra. IS 19 Union Con 07 10
Imperial ,— 01 Vol|ow Jacket. 03 w
CLOSINQ QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:*
% Morning Session.
500 Chollnr 07 SCO Mexican ia
IOO Con Cal & V.\ 72H SCO Ophtr 7s
100 Con Cal & V..170 M0 Sierra Nevada. 19
400 Confidence 7.» SOO L'tah C3
S0O Gould ft Curry. C8 700 Yellow Jacket. C3
100 Hale & Norcrs. 13 .
Following were tho silos In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Hoard yesterday;
Morning Session.
SCO Ophlr 73|
MINING STOCKS,
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S.— Corn opened heavy~and
ruled weak all day. December starting U@1ic
lower at E7%@57%c on lower cables and fair
weather for maturing the late crop. There waj
a feeble attempt by the bull party to press the
price back, but December held 67?ic only mo
mentarily and on liberal offerings by the lonsa.
who bought early in the -week, December broke
and declined rapidly, closing weak, IVic lower
at S6^c. ' *
When wheat opened a small bear ring suc
ceeded In pressing the market for December
under 70c, and It looked for a time as If it
would stay there. December wheat started Uc
lower to unchanged at 69%<S70V4c on lower ca
bles and llheral receipts, with the Northwest as
a seller. The sales kept around 69Hc for the
first hour. A fair outside demand developed
however, and on shorts coverjng- the market
touched 70H©70',Sc, and closed easy, a shada
higher, nt 7.0Vi®70Kc. .
Oats were more active than of late. ' but the
market was weak. December closed HfilVio
lower at 3SV£©35«>icc. '•tfziw
Provisions were dull but strong. January
pork closed 2V4Q5O up, lard and ribs each 24c
higher. "
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
AVhent No. I—
September »',<;'; cju g^ «¦•/
December 70V4 704 69T4 70U
M Corn-No."2- "* "» ™ 73 »
September 66% C6% CStt 6SU
December 67ft 67ft (694 6e2
May ........ ; 69 69 6S* 68H
Oats No. I—
St'ptembcr S4<4 ?.<% 34H S4»i
December 35H S5U S5H 85H
M^pb» Pork, per barrel-
October IS 0A 15 OS 14 974 14 974
January 10 124 16 25 is 1S4 18 17V?
May 1«S=4 16 35 18 80 1« 30
Lard, per 100 pounds—
Beptrmbrr 10 224
October 10 00 10 10 10 00 10 074
January » 60 9 f.24 9 R0 9 so
May 9 60. DM 9 60 0 CO
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
September 5 90
October 8 MU 8 95 8 82H 8 8T4
January 8 324 « J74 '8H4 8 S3
May 8 40 * ii 8 40 8 424
Cash quotntlons were as follows: Flour,
atp«dy, winter patents, IS BOflS 60; • straights,
$::jiS 40; clears, \'i SOGS 40; sprlrnt sprctnU. $4fp
4 10; pAtenta. S3 S0ff/3 80: Rtralxhts, (2 80©S 20;
No. I spring wheat, CCytWc; Mq, 1 red, T0V
Ifravy U<ju. Nation from all nourcep haa been
apparent in the stock market all the week.
The motive of this liquidation was obviously
rnUfd and s^mingly wmirwhat conflicting.
'.vi. 11 1 ar» eallfd the larir* financial interests
»ti'.w.,i evidence of a divided nrntlment early
in the wnk. Morgan and Gould stocks con
tinud to advance, with flftns of Inside support,
• '¦'¦ all evidences of supi>ort had b«en with*
drawn :n the stocks in which Standard Oil In
trreets «r«> dominant. There haa been activity
for some time pant liy the speculative pool* In
the market, i.a-< >i on the assumption that the
I 1 rut nnuncUl |k>wi Th wrrfl Uliltfrt In a de
termination to Rupport prices and protect the
.!:.••• . y market, aa thry did throuich the crula
folluwlriK lT->i.» rjt MrlClnlry'a a*>a»Rlnation.
i lit- im-t of a Ulvi-rgonce of jtollcy among these
Jr.fluontlnl raiilialUts wan MiMdenl to check
tiif uctlvjty of tbe tirufrastonal pools, even
wh'.ln the one iwrir «'ontlnui>d their mea»ureii
*>t •upport, whlrh wan only for a »hort time.
Not only did the brokers who have acted as
agents for tht supporting powers In the mar
|(.rt Aiacontlnu* their m<-u»uwa, but they be
ram* Urgn ¦t-llera of the share* accumulated
\>y Jrwlr hravy l,uy:n C at t*crnt |Ksrlods* Of
Weakness. Julucd with tlio rush to realise by
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— With only two hours
cf trading to-day and a yacht race In progress
». large part of the usual interest In the stock
market was diverted and the affair was prin
cipally one of email professional operations.
Ti.f-re were •oroe h«avy blocks, running from
l'/0 to SjOO shares, of Steel, common and pref
f?rr*>d. New York Central and Union Pacific,
tranKferred in the opening dealings and the
market generally went higher during the first
fcour. A number of obscur* stocks were
brought forward, as yesterday, some new ones
being added to yesterday's list. Amalgamated
'¦•;¦!¦••:• fluctuated uncertainly, rifting a small
fraction at first and meeting support at early
<J<>< '.lnes. TVe whole market sold off In the sec
ond hour, when traders took their profits, and
Amalgamated Copper fell XVi below URt night.
The Yandrrbllt* were alzo notably affected by
the 1. .ijiziiij; in the absence or (he buying
irom the sources which were refjionplble for
yeiterdjiy'i *tr«igth. The murket closed weak.
The bat.k stutrment showed a larger gain In
cash r«f»-rvt>* than wu anticipated, but failed
to n-fiert the expected contraction in the loan
«rrount frt>m tbe flock market liquidation.
Preparations for October disbursements and for
•ul)kcrliitlon to 1 .\<ial municipal bond Issue*
Uurlnic the « . • y. tirobablj* account for the offset
to th* repayment of loan* by stock markets.
Nrj) York Stock Market.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'ciock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No . sales. . V
OATS— Aside from the moderate demand for
Government account there Is little animation.
Quotations remain unchanged.
Grays. *l 10®l 20; whites. »1 10@l 30; black.
|1Q1 15. and red. |1 05®l 20 per ctl.
CORN— The Chicago market was colorless.
Business was active, but the feeling was heavy
and prices declined lc. Looked as if the mar
ket had lost the support of some of Its be*t
bulls. Receipts were large and the legitimate
demand poor.
This market was dull and nominal, as usual.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 60 for
White. »l G2H for Yellow and $1 50 for mixed.
RYE-76Q7TV4C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 03'/i.
Regular Morning Session — December— 8000
ctls, 69Hc; 2000, 89%c; 4000, 99»«c; 10,000, 99?ic;
10,000. |1. May— S00O. Jl 04H.
BARLEY— The market continues featureless,
both here and In the country, and quotations
stand as before.
Feed. 72V4®73%c for choice bright. 70@71V4c
for No. 1 and 67&c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77!4®S2Hc; Chevalier, 95c©
$1 05 per ctl.
Chicago was Blow and featureless. There
were more seller? than buyers, but "there was
no particular pressure to sell. In this mar
ket there was more steadiness on call, where
futures advanced slightly. Shipping grades re
mained undisturbed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@?6Kc; milling. 9S%c
@J1 02'^ per ctl.
WHEAT— Paris futures showed little change,
but Liverpool futures were lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Ban FrandBco and vicinity— Probably fair
Eunday: continued warm: fresh northwest
Wind*. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
nvrthern half of the Pacific Coast and shewere
ere reported generally in Oregon and Southern
Washington. The disturbance will probably
snore eastward.
Warmer ¦weather prevails irenerally through
California north of the Tehachapl and condi
titlona arc more favorable for raisin making
In the San Joaquln Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for SO hours
endinsr midnlsht September 29. 1901:
Northern California— Probably fair Sunday:
warmer; light northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair; warmer Sunday;
light northerly winds. • ¦'.- . • .
Nevada— Fair; warmer Eunday; light west
erly winds. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' •
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The markets under this head remain about
the same. While the demand for the early
fruits has fallen off there is not much disposi
tion among holders to shade prices, as they are
confident of good markets during the balance of
the year. Prunes are slow In coming In, as
the tendency Is to hold them. The latest re
ports from Oregon say that the wet weather up
there is damaging the crop, as the Prunes urc
showing cracks and brown rot. Should the
wet weather continue serious Injury to the yield
Is probable.
h HU1TS— Apricots. 7>,4©10c for Royals and 8
<j<i:<<" tor stnminid 10 lancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7£"8c; sun-dried, 3Va@4V4c;
Peaches, i'&ftb'&c; Peurs, 7$?9c: Plums, pitted.
4@5Vie; unpltted, 1® 2c; Nectarines, oUJBc tor red
uml i'siit^e for white; Figs, itUW-'lie tor black.
i'HUNKs- New crop are quoted aa follows, on
the basis of 3>4@3>/£c for the four sixes: 3d-4rs
SViSa^c; 40-50's, 5<g5tfc; 50-60's, 4H<0i4=ic;
60-70's, 4#4Vic; 7U-S0's, 3\iWic; 80-90's, jyS^c;
no-100's, 2H@2%c per lb. Old crop are belns
cleaned- up at 3<g!3&c f or the four sizes.
RAISINS— Loose Muscatels, 4%c.for 4-crown.
4>iu lot 3-orow.n and 3%c for 2-crown, f. o. b.,
Fresno.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 94c; No. 2,
7',4c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds.
]S@l«c for papershell, lCig)llc for softshell and
5ic(tio for hardshoU: Peanuts. rifj-7c for Eastern -
Hrasll Nuts. 12ig:i2Hc; Filberts. 12©i:'/4c; Pe
cans, lldflSo: Cocoanuts. $3 50@3.
HONEY— Comb. 12([tl2Vic for bright nnd 10©
12c for light amber: water white extracted, 5vt
©•«c: light amber extracted. 4Vi<8'&s: dark. 40.
Vic,
UEESWAX-25S»c per lb.
Dried Fi-uits, Nuts and Raisin*.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 S4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 St>U
Sterling Cables — 4 k7U
New York Exchange, sight — "%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 6S'i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 Q 4<ta
Exchange and Bullion
DRIED FRUITS. -
Trading in evaporated apples was slow to-
day, but the undertone held steady at old
prices. California dried fruits were inactive.
NEW TORK, Sept. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,000 barrols;^ exports, 10,000 barrels. Barely
steady. '•' ,
WHEAT-Recelpta, HS.S.'.O hushels; exports.
1547 burhels. Spot, easy. No. 2 red, ~o\kc f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. 74&C elevator. Options
opened easier owing to foreign selling of May
wheat, local liquidation, big Northwest receipt*
and prospects for bearish stntlPtlcs on Monday.
I^at»»r they partially recovered on covering,
closing Fteady. May, 7S l-16lfi)7S%c, closed 78 T /*c-
September, 73T(.<ff74Vfec, closed 74c: October. 73U
fe73V4c, closed 13 l .ic; December, 75V4Q73 13-16C.
closed 7."r»ic.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Quiet. . o
WOOU- Quiet. • .
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Rio, 6%c;
mild, steady. Futures closed steady, net 6@20
points higher. Sales, 25.500 bogs. Including:
September. 5@5.05c; October. 5.05c: December.
5.35c: February, 5.15c; March. F rl "><g5.C0c; May,
5.70@5.75c; June. 5.S0c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Carl Remington.
Taunton, Mass
F C Lusk. Chlco
C M MacNeill. Colo
W D Wyman. S Africa
L E Spanger. Denver
L Faulkeoner, Ind
J G Gaffazun, N Y
W A Roberts, Pa
Peter Dick. Pa
L Jboyenbach, Paris. F
D Drysdale. Sn Mateo
A M Easton. Sn Mate?
F A Barr. Los Angeles
Jos Jepson. N Y
Mrs O B Chandler. Chi
Miss B Roll. Sta Clara
Miss Distel. Mt View
Jno W Merrlman. N Y
A E Muller. MlHwauke
W G Eells. Phila. Pa
Sam H Knlsley. N Y
R J Ferris. Grand Rpd
E A Wallace. Clevelnd
Paul F MarkofT, N Y
Robt C Senreson, Pa
Jas S Bucknell. Londn
L Bucknell. London
Mrs M F Bennett. L A
T Bennett. Los Ang
Mrs J Latham, Los A
R A Cullodan. Guayras
A R Brown, Denver
dive Davies and wife.
Honolulu
S H Babcock & wife. '
Salt Lake City
Capt Nordseeck. Berlin
R F Crowell. Stanford
Bart F Bretherton. NY
Bernhard Erdmann,
Berlin
ii Pfeifer. Berlin'
Mrs A H Fisher. N Y
Miss M V Fisher. N T
Mrs Thos Nellson. Pa,
Miss Moorhead, Pa
Rev H L Duhelng. Pa
Geo C Thomas, Pa
Madge Fox. N Y
Geo M Gocdale. N Y
M Hersey & w, S Jos«
D V* Huntoon. Colo
Wm L Hall. Wash DO
Miss McMUHn. Pa
Miss A M Btndley. P»
Miss H Bishop. Los A
F ArnoW&w, New YJc
Miss Kate Halk. N Y
R Van LandJngh&m &
wife, Alton
H L BloKe. Ireland
Samuel Hart. Conn
C J Fair and w. Mo
F E Nichols. Honoluln
Chas A Faust. St Luis
Geo P Rex. St Louis
D Stark, N Y
H Crar.etneyer. N Y
J F Adams. Calif
J M Burch and wife.
Dubuque. Iowa
Jas C Collier and wife,
Dubuque, Iowa
C B Richardson & w,
Cheyenne
Mrs M Lyon, Sacto
Mrs W E Gerber. Sao
Miss Annie Gerber. So
Miss Irma Gerber. Sao
A Underhlll& dau. NY
E K Ston*. Qulncy IU
J W McOlnley. JJ Y
A S Johnston. N Y
Jas Murdoch. Edinbgh
Wm Osterman & w,
San Jose
GRAND HOTEL
G N Thayer. Chicago
O E Stokes, Topeka
H Nichols. Australia
G S Beadle. Oakland
Q N McRae, Alameda
Mrs M H Morgan. Mch
D S Carson, Michigan
E F Klnnle & w. N Y
R Burns & w. Denver
W Bryan. Mexico
Miss M E Rodolf. Sacr
Montrose, Glasgow
J E Walker, U S N
W ¦ Jones. Concord
Mrs C Gcrton & <!au.
New York
J W Knowlton. Art*
II Hauser, 1*\a Ang
C Stewart, Seattle '
W Tillcttson. Redding 1
S Brinswaueh. Chso
CS A Pcaster. Portlanil j
H Kemp, Chicago ,
O W Beecher. Arlionu 1
A D Stevens. Wlsconsn
C W Ayrea, S Barbara,
J K Baxter. Los Ang j
J Hurley, Sacto
II B Freeman, Uuff.ili
II O Morrow & w. Pa
A Morrow, Phlladel 1
J P Downs. Stockton {
R Boot. Fresno ;
K J Clalvtn, Sacto
F Trescon. Crockett 1
n A Peers. M D. Cal |
Mrs U Macfarland. Cal
W Clark & w. N Y
Miss B Hunttngton,
Stockton
C. A CIIn«. Nlchy nar
K II Flack. Lo« Ann
K K Wei»e. Wisconsin
W I! John & w. Cal
V Carter. Marysvttle
C M Davis. St Louis
M J Bocksin & w. Cal
F S Coiburn, Seattle
J Arlington. Cape Twn
O C Fried, N Y
C A Norton* Kan City
O J Chapman, Mont
H C Humphrey, Cal
Mrs W F Crawford.
Dayton. Ohio
W N Kail & w. Cal
T A Graham. San Joso
C W Dahlstrom. Cal
M S Sprague. Salt Lak
O A Maiim. Texas
W r. Halt & w. S Lake
M O WRldal. Wlseonsn
H K Brunsberg. Phlla
J D MacFarland. L A
Mrs G U Heath. Valljo
S M White. U S N
W L Rcgers. N Y
II Sternclausi, Guate
mala
E Alueus. Guatemala
E K Smart. Or Valley
A Turner. Sacto
C C O'Neill, Chicago
S M Rarr, Chicago
Mr* Fulton. Denver
W liiiDham. Colo Spm
Mrs RUIings, Denver
V H W«bb, Salinas
F H Dlxcn. S Diego
K F.i.vy A *•,. H lives
S T Fuller & w. Ken
nebuxh
J I«o«J«feW. Polusa
J L dorden. Hood Rvr
S «'nrun, Ontario
L wtlson. Chicago
C Whltmore. Stanford
F M Wilbur. Stanford
J Murphy & w, MantU
NF.W WESTERN HOTF.L
O R Ourthen & w. Tex
Mtua M Sharp. Idaho
J A ' Forben, Ohio
j 11 Whitney, Ohio
Mm J I. Nicholson. Mo
C A Morrla. U«or«-U
J R Uufnnttton A w.
Nobrask*
Ml»ft II Rogers. N«br
U M Fountain A w.
NchrUBka
J A Murphy & w. C*l
R Stllwell. /Oakland
W Workman. Courtlnit
J Ilyland. Mississippi
F H Hums, Chicago
W n Wurtl. Vullejo
J B llarr & moth«r,
Kanxaa
M t: Fln.lley A w. Or
P Hanson, Salinas
P M Kelley. Cal
<"« I. Nelmtn. Spukrxna
C U Alien, Navuaaa
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Sept. 28.— WHEAT— One cent low
er; blue stem, S4c; club, " 63c.
PORTLAND. Sept. 2S.— WHEAT-Dull. Walla
Walla, f4c; Valley, 55c; blue stem, E5}ic. v
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 2S.— Clearings. $444,
647; balances, $66,230.
Anaconda, 7^4; Atchlson, 7S%; Canadian Pa
cific. 113%; Denver and Rio Urande, 47^; Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred, 96Vi ; Southern
Pacific, 6S?i; Union Pacific preferred, 90Vi. Bar
silver, quiet, 26 15-16d per ounce. Money, SQ2
per cent.
CLOSING
There was a small Saturday attendance on tho
floor of the Stock Exchange to-day. Quotations
were firm, though transactions were limited.
TIntos sold at 47% and Anacondas at 7 9-1Q.
American shares had a, good undertone in the
expectation that prices would receive an im
petus from a good statement by the New York
Associated Banks, and on the belief th,at the
regular dividends on United States Steel will
be declared.
': NEW '.YORK. Sept. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial .cablegram says:
London Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
LONDON. Sept. 28.-Consols. 93 3-16; silver,
26 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 7Hc: cargoes on
passage, sellers indifferent operators; cargoes
No. 1 standard California, 28s; English coun
try markets, quiet and steady; Indian ship
ments wheat to United Kingdom. 5000; Indian
shipments wheat to Continent, 4000.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 28.— Wheat, quiet;. No. 1
standard California, 5s 10V&d@5s lid; wheat in
Paris, steady; Hour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
overcaft.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-16d.
Foreign Markets.
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 2S-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from. Et&tiona in California, to-day
Eureka, 58; Red Bluff. 86; Sacramento, SO;
Mount Tamalpais. S6; Fresno. 84: San Luis
Oblspo. £3; Indenpndence. 7S; Los Angeles. 76;
can Oie£o, €6. -.-.
?•i 8 * 11 , FrancUco data— Maximum temperatui*.
71: minimum, £2; mean, 62. ¦. -
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 72-52; Kansas City. SO-60; Cincinnati.
*0-E5; Philadelphia. 74-56: Jacksonville. 72-50;
>ew Tork. 70-58; Washington. 70-56.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— The offerings at the
¦wuol auction sales to-day numbered 13,700 bales
of good quality. There was a steady demand
for home and Continental buyers. Scoureds
were firm and crossbreds sold at full rates.
Medium and faulty grades were quiet and
with drawals more frequent. .
During the week 153,000 bales were offered,
of which 5261 bales were withdrawn.
The offerings for next week amount to 7S.100
bales.
London Wool Sales.
UNITED STATES BONES.
Bid. Ask. I ' Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..m 113% '4s qr c (new)..139^140&
4s quar reg....H2 112% I Ss quar coup.. 10SH 109 .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 107 Oceanic SS 5s. 103 103%
Cat-st os IIS 119 Omnibus C 6s. 132 —
C C Water fs 10S?i — Pac G Im? 43. — 99
Ed L & P 6s..l2SU133*i Pk & Cl H 6s. 109 —
Fer & C H 6s. — — Fk&OR 63.. 117 . .
Geary-st 5a.... — — Powll-st' K Ss. • .¦¦—".
H C & S 5HS.106U — Sac E.G R Ss. 93 —
Do 5s 99%I02^ S F & SJV rs.I23'/4 —
Los An* R os.llS 120 Sierra Cal" 6s.. — —
L A Lisht 6S..101U — S P of Arix 6s -
Do cntd 6s. .101) — (190S) 112=51113
Do Jtntd 5s. .103 — (1910) U31. -
L A & Pad 5s. — 102>£ S P of Cal 63
Do 1 c m 5s.. — — O9C5). Ser A. 109^11034
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — KSVs <1W.). Ser,B.110*4lll%
Do 1 c m 5s. 122 — (1906) .....J...l12'-»ll2 7 i
Nev C N G 7s. — — •• (1912) 122 122»i
N Rof Cal CS.112HH3 ' S P of Cal 1st .
Do 5s 124 — : c cntd as. ...110 —
Nor Pac C 63. 101 »,£ — S P Br Cal 6s.l36U —
Do 5s — 1C7H S V Water 6s.lll»4 —
Nor Cal R 03..III — Do 4s..' 103 103%
Oak Gas 5s 111 — • Do 4s. 3d m.lOiy. —
Oak Trans 6s.l20H — Stktn Gna 6s. .104 —
Oak Wat k os.IO'H —
WATER STOCKS. '¦"¦"' . •
Contra, Costa.. 75 76\i Port Costa.... 62 63
Marln County. 58 — Spring Valley. 86«.a 87 ¦
' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. « —
Equitable 3^ — Sacramento ... — 10.
Mutual 4V* 5ii S F G 4 E 43»i 45
Oakland SOU S1U San Francisco. l',i m
Pac Gas Imp.. 39',i 4Cvi Stktn G & E. 8 —
;» '. INSURANCE. ". "
Flrem's Fund.— 247 | V *
" . .¦</';•'¦ BANKS.
Anglo-Cal —80 L P & A 138 160
California ....405 — . Mer Ex Olq).. 36 —
Cal Safe Dep.lOSU - S F National. ISO —
First Nutlonl.305 — I
SAVINGS "BANKS.
German .1S93 — Sav & Lean.. — - —
Humboldt....". — '— Security ......273 — ,
Mutual Sav.... 57 — Union Trust. .1*00, —
San Franc!sco.522V4 — ' .
STREET RAILROADS. ' '
California .... — 140 IOSL4H...H0 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 31 —
Market 86 S7^' \ ,
POWDER. • ....
Giant 73^4 — iVlgorit .... 4 4>4
SUGAR. ¦• '•
Hana h% 6 ,|KUauea ....... 11* —
Hawaiian .....— 50 iMakawell 24 . 244
Honokaa 10U 11 lOnomea 23 24',i
Hutchlnson ... 14% H-% I Paauhau .. 10*j —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 133^110',* Oceanic S Co.. 46H —
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — j Pac Aux F A. 2^4 —
Cal Wine Asn. SSU 90 j Pac C Borax.. — —
Her Exchnge.110 — I Par Paint .... 16 —
Morninr Session.
Board-
ID Cal Wine Association S9 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 75
10t> Makawell Sugar Co 24 .«l
H> Oceanic S S Co - 17 W
" 10 Oceanic S S Co 47 c'J
80 Pacific Coast Borax Its •» ,
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 90
30 S V Water M 7i
Street —
SoOCO S I* of C 6s (1312) 122I71J
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninr Session.
Board —
1 Hanford 99 00
3 Hanford 100 00
2 Hanford 101 CO
1 Hanford 103 00
1 Hanford 105 00
1C0 Home Oil. s 93 3 31
100 Home Oil 3 30
250 Home Oil '. 3 35
SOO Lion OS
SOCO Lion, s 60. 07
000 Monarch of Arizona 21
10.I00 Petroleum Center •„ qi
10 San Joaquln Oil & IV v $ 12*3
150 Sovereign *S
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. 28—12 m.
All classes of stocks were quiet and prlee3
showed no variation worthy of note.
Sales on. the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were SS.903 shares, valued at $36,620, the
leading transactions being as follows: Cali
fornia Standard. 1D00 shares; Caribou. 2025:
Four, 2170; Giant. 2050; Home, 1225; Junction.
7S00; Monarch, 5375; Monte Crlsto, 1700; Petro
leum Center, 29,350; Reed, 13.600: Sterling, 1550;
Sovereign, 2000; Oil City. 5500;, Lion, SDOO. -
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The Cotton market
closed 7 points higher to 3 points lower. ,
New York Cotton Market.
STOCK MARKET.
CITUUS FRUITS— Oranges. SOc<S>*3 50; Lem
ons %\%i\ 25 for common and $2 50$f>3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $l$?2 50: Mexican Limes,
repacked, $5^6; Bananas, $1(^2 per bunch; Plne
applcs, $1 GG&3 per dczen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 53
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are' quoted as follows: Sweetwatet,
:r>f.i50o per box and crate; Tokay, 35fp70c; Mus
cat, KOftiWc; Dlack. 30®65c; Isabella, 50@6.io:
Cornlchoii, 75Ji90c; Wine Grapes. $2S@U3 per ton
for Klnfandel and $23Q25 for White.
MELONS)— Nutmegs, 20^?40c per box; Canta
loupt-F, i.Vyoi'c per crate; Watermelons, jaQjls
per 100. ;
PEACHES— 25@35c per box: Peaches in car
riers, 2O@40c; Mountain Peaches, 40@50c per
box.
KECTAR1NES- Red, 75c per box for coM
stornge.
POMEGRANATES— 75(g90c per box.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 60 per box; . Winter
Pears, Ouc'sicl r>er box.
QUINCES— 4uiS6Cc per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $o®6 per chest for Long
wurths runt $4&5 tor large berries.
BLACi\BEHrilES— »33?5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5<B6 per chest. - '
KAbHUEKHltS- »o«}7 per cnet>t.
HUCKLEUEltRIES— 7ySc per lb.
CRANBERRIES-Cape Cod, $9 per barrel;
Cdoa Bay, S3$j3 50 per box.
FIGS— Black. 23<jj50c for double layer boxes;
White, 21® 35c.
CRABAPPLES— Are about gone.
PLUMS— 30<j3 65c per box; Prunes, 50@90c per
crate. -*" " " . •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$t 25 per box for good to choice
and 25O65c for ordinary.
Suppltes of Figs continue too large, and there
is a good deal of soft 'and partially decayed
stock which is selling below quotations.
The Panama steamer brought 281 boxes
Limes.
Watermelons sold off better, but there wab
still a eood deal of stock on the market, so
prices stood the same.
" There was a good shipping demand for
Grapes, but large supplies or carrled-over stock
prevented the market from advancing. Wine
Grapes, however, were still higher. They are
doing first rate this year. - ¦
Peaches are steadier, but there is a good deal
of poor stock arriving in carriers, which keeps
the market down. The Bartlett Pears quoted
are generally cold storage stock, as the fresh
goods are about out. There is little change in
Plums. .1 .
Cape Cod Cranberries have advanced to $9 per
barrel, in sympathy with the Eastern market,
which is firm and advancing, owing to light
crops and the shortage in Apples. The first' car
reached here yesterday, and more fall due this
week.
Deciduous 'and Citrus Fruit*
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— Exports of silver from
this port .to all countries for this week aggre
gate $774,130 and $1007 gold.
The imports of specie this week were $579,
428 cold and $98,305 silver.
Dry goods and merchandise, $10,624,214. 0
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week endintr to-day
shows:
Loans, $S67,609,700; Increase, $1,660,500.
Deposits. $336,4:-2,300; Increased, $6,090,400.
. Circulation, $30,070,500; decreased, $425,800.
Legal tenders, $71,469,700; Increased, $626,800.
Specie, $178,936,400; Increased, $3,534,600.
Reserves, $250,406,100; increased, $4,161,400.
Reserve required, $234,113,075; increased, $1,-
E22.200.
Surplus, $16,293,025: Increased, $2,638,500.
The Financier says: This statement, like
the preceding one, was doubtless made upon
rising averages for cash, the payments for
bonds in the closing days of the bank week
having been comparatively large. Moreover,
there was an arrival of $1,000,000 gold from
Europe after the close of the bank week.. The
$2,500,000 gold which arrived last week" fr«m
Australia was transferred, through assay office
checks, to this city during the current week,
as also in all probability will be the $1,600,000
gold which arrived at Port Townsend, Wash.,
from Cape Nome. This makes over $5,000,000 of
gold which, it is reasonable to suppose, will
be added to tbe cash of the banks this week,
besides the amount which may be paid for
bonds. The bank situation for the immediate
future, therefore, seems to be encouraging,
showing a continuance of easy monetary con
ditions. It should be observed, however, that
there is a concurrent drain of money into the
treasury on current fiscal operations and to
the Interior for crops, which may easily cause
more unfavorable conditions and these could
scarcely be avoided should bond offerings to 1
the treasury materially decrease In volume. So
far as the banj'.s can control the situation it is
fair to assume that they will strive to make as
favorable an exhibit in this and the succeed
ing week as po&Mble. in anticipation of the
October call of the Comptroller of the Cur
rency for a statement of their conditions. The
new Comptroller will doubtless make an early
demand for such a statement.
Associated Batiks' Statement.
FOR SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2S7.
Flour, qr sks 7.66* Middlings, sks.... • 150
Wheat, ctls 74,3-V) Hay, tons " 6$0
Barley, ctls 71.S30 Straw, tons IS
Oats, ctls 2.775 Hops, bales • 184
Rye, qtls 76.% Wool, ska ¦ 73
Sugar, ctls 1,316 Hides, No 450
fallow,' ctls 221 Pelts, bdls 507
Beans, sks 1,761 Chicory, bbls ... 50
Potatoes, sks 2.2S3 Quicksilver, fisks %
Onions, sks 6C8 Leather, rolls 6S
Bran, sks 2.400 Wine, gals 27,600
. • „ OREGON. ¦ ¦. , .
Oats, ctls -96QI
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— There was little or
no business executed In tocal metal circles to
day. The usual absence of cables on Saturday
having'a depressing effect upon business while
prices were nominally unchanged. Tin was dull
at $24 90(525. Lead, quiet. $4 37%. Spelter,
quiet, $4 O5(g>4 10. Copper, quiet, »16 50@17 for
Lake Superior and $16 37%@16 57% for casting.
Iron was dull at $9@10 for plgiron warrants;
No. 1 Northern foundry. $15@15 50; No. 2 South
ern foundry. *U@14 60; No. 1 Southern foundry,
$1« 75fjp5 25; No. 1 Southern foundry, soft,
$14 75(gjl5 25.
New York Metal Market.
EGGS— Ranch. 34(g35c for selected large. 32
@33c for good. to choice and 27>4<ff30c for lair;
store, 22@ 25c per dozen; cold storage, 19'«r<:c-
Eastern. I7@22%c.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 22%@24c for seconds; dairy, 18@23c; store
Butter, lo@17V&c per lb; Creamery Tub. 18@21c;
Pickled Roll, 19«&20c; Keg, 18@l»c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern. 13<«15c.
Receipts were 17.200 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 379 cases of Eggs. — —
cases Eastern Eggs, 12,400 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
The situation in Eggs remains, about the
same, fine ranch being firm, while the medium
and lower grades are quiet, being brought into
competition with Eastern and cold storage
stock. ' . . .
Fine butter Is quoted firm and in satisfactory
demand at the advance, but the medium and
lower grades are slow. Cheese remains as be
fore.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Mall a.dvlc*» from New Tork tayi "The ar
rivals la the market of new currants and new
figs wer» the chief features of the week. New
currants, however, did not meet with, the ac
tive demand hoped for and sold rather slowly
•* 7H©"fcc Th« high prices of currants dur
tng the past year apparently have got the
consuming trade off the article to a ianre ex
tent, and with a declining market few buvers
*«» disposed to take bold. At the close prices
on nwt to arrive, aad In Greece were : easier.
OSers of Amalias were reported trom Patras
W Us ior Amallas and 12s 3d for Provincial.
Goods to arrive per Manln. the lirst direct
eteamer. were reported offering at <Vic but
He lees, it is understood, would probably be
accented. .- ¦ . ¦. • ¦. ... ¦
"The new laj-er figs per Teutonic from Liver
pool sold well to arrive and still offer at 11®
14 »ac. Bags, however, were In best demand
end were in active request at Z*j,<@6c. Samples
of laj-ers displayed by several receivers showed
very good quality. Some of the fruit, it was
stated, arrived in sweaty condition
>. V? ew w Valenc >a raisins are lower on spot,
holders having reduced layers to 7^@7?ic In
the hope of Inducing more trade. Cables late
in the week noted the primary market about
%c higher. California raisins continue dull
arid unchanged, with no future buyin* heard
of. A few tales of prunes were reported during
the week at from 3%<ff3^c basis :for Santa
tiaras. Evaporated apples on spot were dull
aad If anything easier. New evaporated are
more plentiful and are quoted at G*i&$Mc the
latter figure belne for prime. Old prime are
Sj.OS^c. Future apples were firmer at the
close of the week, ftfe being bid for prime
October-November, with very few offering at
Sc. Brazil nuts were firmer, holders asking
Irom ICHiC for medium up to lHic for laree
New Sicily shelled almond* are easier aboard'
fcpot market for old is unchanged."
Dried Fruit m A T ezv York.
Bank Clearings.
Tn* local bank clearings durin* the pa»t
ve«k were E22.049.&73, aralnst 5a.,610,590 during
the. same week last year. : ¦¦:¦•. ". •. ¦
professional pools theeffect was to throw the
market at times into a state .bordering on de
morallzatlon.;.-; '¦•...'..¦. '•.' ¦ '. •
The disconcerting effect on speculative senti
ment of the developments In Amalgamated
Copper, doubtless was an important element
in deciding the change of policy on the part
of the. leaders. The conditions In the copper
trade, which are assigned as the cause of the
present demoralization in copper mining stocks,
axe; not new subjects in Wall street. Even the
omission of the customary extra dividend on
Amalgamated Copper stocks was Industriously
rumored fcr many days before the fact. It was
news to the speculators in the stock that for-,
elgn -consumption and exports of copper had
decreased enormously, owing to trade depres
sion and .failures, of electrical enterprises in
Germany. Copper trade statistics were In cir
culation In Wall street for weeks before the
collapse . in Amalgamated Copper and even
while its price was soaring to near its record
figure. ¦ It was . only on the very eve of the
dividend action by the directors that the ma
nipulation for the advance and support of the
prices; -ceased. The rush to sell after the re
duction in the dividend found the market prac
tically bare of demand and the drop in the
price Trom 107^4 on Friday afternoon last week.
before the dividend was announced, to 8S% on
Wednesday was practically perpendicular. The
selling of stocks elsewhere in the market was
due : in large r part to speculative losses in
curred by the drop in Amalgamated Copper.
The whole speculative tone became pessimis
tic and there was large selling of long stock
and. short selling by the bears. The general
outlook was considered discouraging and views
were expressed that the cycle or prosperity had
reached the crest Rumors were rife of the
abandonment of some of the important finan
cial projets looking to extension of community
of interest and announcement was made that
measures for financing the. purchases of North
ern Pacific shares on behalf of Union Pacific
were to be postponed until more favorable con
ditions. This renewed the latent apprehension
of an outbreak of the quarrel over the control,
of Northern Pacific. Eastbound freight rates
into Chicago were reported demoralized on ac
count of the light grain movement, with a
threatened extension to trunk line territory,
and specific assertions were published of a feud
between Pennsylvania and Wabash over the
entrance of the latter Into Pittsburg. with
threats of reprisals. Fears recurred that the
interior demand for money would exceed the
reserves of New York banks and would neces
sitate .large curtailments of call loans to meet
them, while the sharp recovery In foreign ex-
Change carried rates well away from the gold-
Import point and destroyed hopes of immediate
relief from that source. Such were some of
the items making up the feeling of discour
agement In the stock market during the period
of violent decline in prices.
The future of the money market, indeed,
seems by no means clear, although interest
rates have declined and banks have shown in
creasing disposition to accommodate borrowers.
That heavy, requirements remain to be filled
for Interior currency needs' is certain.
There has been no notable selling pressure
in the bond market outside of a few specula
tive bonds.
United States refunding 2b advanced H. the!
3s •» and the new 4s % over the /closing call
of last week. • . .'
; N'EW YORK STOCK LIST^rpi" ''?£¦
Stock— : . Sales High Low Close '
AtchUon 27,800 77»4 76 • 76%
Atchlson rfd 3,500 %% 95% 95%
Baltimore & Ohio........ 800 102% 101v» lOITi
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 93
Canadian Pacific 300 lld'i Jlfl'i HO'.i
Canada Southern 1.200 s<5»,-- s*.5 4 85Vt
Chesapeake & Ohio....;. 500 46H 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton £00 37H ' 3<V4 37Vi
Chicago & Alton pfd ' .... 77H
Chicago. Ind & Louis... 100 .42 42 '. 41V
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd.. 400 75% -75 '¦ 7iu
Chgo & Eastern Illinois - 125
Chgo & Great Western. 400 23 23 22*1
ChRO & G W A pfd ..... S5\4
Chgo & O W B pfd .... 46
Chgo & Northwestern 182
Chgo, R 1 &. Pacific... 200 14SH 143 143
Chgo Terminal & Trans. 300 22% 22\4 22U
Chgo T & Trans pfd.... 300 42 41 4(tti
C C C & St Louis 400 »3# 97 96ft
Colorado Southern COO 14H 14 14
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 200 ' r.<>i 5414 64 >£
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 700 25H 2S 25
Delaware & Hudson 400-165^ 165 1C4'1
Del. Lack & Western. 22%
Denver & 4llo Grande i$W
Denver & R G pfd 600 93U . 92>4 »3 ¦
Erie 7.300 42>i 41% 41*4-
Erie 1st pfd '.... 300 70V* 70 69Vi
Erie 2d pfd 100 554 53»4 . 63
Great Northern pfd 2.2W m>4 188 189\i
Hocklnc Valley 200 64H 63»i S3
Hocking Valley pfd 200 TSVi 75 75Vi
Illinois Central 3.000 147 145 146
Iowa Central 3M 4H4 41% 40%
Iowa Central pfd 100 R0% 7*>i 78%
Lake Erie & Western... 900 73% 70>i 70
Lake Trie & W«t pfd.. 1.1^0 134% 134 133»4
Louisville & Nashville.. 1.400 104*n 104 104
Mai.hattan Elevated ... 8,600 124H 123VI 123%
Metropolitan St Ry 1G3%
Mexican Central 1.000 23% 23V* 23
Mexican National 13%
Minn & Ft Louis 200 107<K 1O7»4 107%
MlEBrurt Pacific 8.400 »7% P7% 97
Mo. Kan* & Texas 700 2SH 27% 27Ti
Mo. Kans & Tex pfd.... V0 54% MU 54%
New Jersey Central 100 163 1M 162
New York Central 4.800 160* lDSV t 158%
Norfolk & Western 2.W<0 54% W4, 54Vi
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 R9«4 S9H ?9
Ontario & Western 400 34% 34H 84%
Pennsylvania L70O 145% 144% 144U
Reading 1.^0 42 41% 41%
Reading l«t pfd IVOO 76J4 79 75%
ReaCin* 2d pfd.... 1.100 52% C2 C2
Ft Lou's & San Fran... 1.300 45% 4a 44»i
Ft Louis & S F lKt p f d 78
Pt LouU * S F 2d pfd.. 300 6R% «« RR
St Louis Fouthwrstem.. 2.400 31% ?<>H 30%
ftVssK-s^s^kS! & is* m
Ft Paul pfd ¦•••¦ •••; •;•• If"
Southern Pacific 6. «0 R7% 67 n7
Southern Railway 6.100 33^ 33% 3S%
Southern Railway pfd... 3nrt «< 8CJ5 8?H
Texas & Pacific 4"0 42J4 41»4 4H4
Toledo, St Louis A W.. 6.TW ?4% 22«4 2SVs
Toledo, Et L & W pfd.. JW 8S% 36 87
Union Pacific 21.700 9S% 87% 97^
Union Pacific pfd •;.• •••• «
\Vnba*h pfd 400 3974 39* 39%
Wheeling & Luke Erie 1*
%&£££&X"± "ti »* & 8%
WlKConrtn Central pfd.. 200 43% 43 42Vi
Kxpresa companies-
Adams •••• 1™
.American ™
United States »n
W«ll»-Fiir»ro • "0
AmSn«tM U 'c"orper... 24.000 8S 90* 90*
Am Car & Foundry..... 100 29% 29% 2U
Am fnr & Foundry pfd *\Sl
Am Linseed Oil «
Am Linpeed Oil pfd 49
Am Pm-Hln* & nefln . 600 4SJ1 4S «Vi
Am Fmelt & Refln pfd. W W% H* W
Am Tobacco W 1M 133 1W%
AnUnrt. Mining Co.... S.000 37K Wi Wj
Brooklyn R«nid Tran.. 2.S00 R7H 67 67
Colomdo Fuel A Iron.. 1.900 97 W »4%
Con»olldat»>d Gas 300 21914 219% W ;
Continental Tobacco ... «6%
Contlnentnl Tobacco pfd ..... .... .... Its
«en»r»l Electric *M 260% JM 260
Horklnr Coal 400 18 IS 17>.^
imrrn^Monal P.P*r.... ; 400 23% 23% «V1
International Paper pfd ,..- .... .... J7%
Internmlnnal Tower 1W 94% 94% J»%
a «T.cuir::::::: •» <r |r 5«-
Natlonnl I^ad *<» » »H JJ
.National P«U «JJj
National Salt pM «H
North American •••• JJ
FnclSc :::::::::::: "™ «% ;r *k
PMPI^OM 300 107% 107% 107
Pressed Steel Cur «
rr***e& St^J Cnrpfd ™
Pullmiin Pnloco C«r -. ••- •••• XI 0
n».<i>hllr Rteel W* i»H iS^fc W»
£ .7...... «.«» 124U W% 123VI
TennCoaVA Iron.... ... .3.000 «4% 63% «JU
TTnion Rag A Paw Cj 15
Un»M PtMfB L«nth pfd «00 80. TO!» 79H
iSsi teswsji-ias si, ii; s
uaasasas!v«:aK a* ss ;«:
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $125; Hare, $123
@1 DO; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontail and »%l 25
for Brush. ,
POULTRT-Llve Turkeys. 10011c for Gobblers
and I2$rl3c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15@ltic;
Geese, per pair,. $1 6001 75: Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3@5 for young;
Hens, $3 5(105; young' Roosters, H'ffa; old Roos
ters. $3 50@4; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers. $3® 3 50
for large and $2 25@2 75 for small ; Pigeons. $1 25
©1 50 per dozen tor old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
The Wild Duck season opens October 1.
Poultry and Game.
What tittle Game there is is quoted firm.
The Poultry market was nominal, as usual on
Saturday.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1S5. Market steady. Texans and West
ern, ?2 75@5 75; cows and heifers, $1 25®5; bulls
and stags, $2 2o@4 85; stockers and feeders, $175
(g'4 15. ¦ *
HOGS— Receipts. 4000; steady to strong. Light
and light mixed. $6 70@6 95; medium and heavy,
$6 85@7 10; pigs, $5® 6 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Lambs, $3 75@4 60;
yearlings, $3@3 50. ,
ST. JOSEPH
. CHICAGO. Sept. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 600.
Nominal; good to prime steers, $6(g6 45; poor to
medium, $4@5 75; stockers and feeders, $2 25®
4 30; cows, $1 50@4 75; heifers, $2@4 75; canners,
$150@2 25; bulls. $175@4 75; calves, $3@6 25;
Texas steers, 53574; Western steers, $3 65ig5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000; Monday, 30,000 esti
mated; left over, 2000. Steady; mxed and butch
ers, $6 70Q>7 10; good to choice heavy, $6 80(87 15;
rough heavy, $6 45@6 75; llsht, $6 45®6 95; bulk
of sales, $6 60@6 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 500. Steady; good to choice
wetherB, $3 60@4; fair to choice mixed. $3 30®
3 60; Western sheep, $3 25(g3 75; native lambs,
$2 50® 5; Western, $3 73®4 65.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 3.10c; Pow
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated. 4.95c; Dry
Granulated. 4.85c; Confectioners' A. 4.83c: Fruit
Granulated, 4.85c; Beet Granulated 4.75c; Mag
nolia A. 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C. 4.25c;
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels. 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrpla or its equivalent. Doml.
nos. half-barrels. B.SSc; boxes. 5.60c per lb.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels boiled
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 6c more; Lucol, 64c fof
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels lOc: cases 85c;
China Nut, S5@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
In barrels. 67V4c; cases, 72V£c; Sperm, pure, 63c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 87Hc; cases. 42%c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13tfc; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19Jic; Astral, 1914c;
Star. 19Hc; Extra Star, 231,4c; Elaine, 24Vic;
Eocene, 2U4c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk.
IEc; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in
cases, 20c; 86-degre© Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 2Cc. ¦
TURPENTINE— 53c per gallqn in cases and
S2o In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
RICE-Chlna. No. 2, $4 15@4 20: No. 1, $4 70®
4 90; extra, $5 10®5 50; Japanese. $5 25<g6; Louisi
ana. $4 25@6 75; Hawaiian, nominal.
GRAIN BAGS— Culcutta Grain Bags. T%$>
7V4c; local make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32©35c; Fleece Twine. 7H®Sc; Fruit
Bags. 5%<B6V6e for cotton and 7@7Vac for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southneld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $S 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallaend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland, $12 50 In hulk and $13 75
in eackt: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egjr, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
General Merchandise.
Wheat— Sept. Jan'.-Apr.
Opening *. 2105 22 05
Closing 2105 22 00
Flour-
Opening 27 35 2S 20
Closing 27 35 28 20
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 7 » 6 8%
Closing 5 7 5 K%
PARIS. I
Emily ITrsIn (owner), with W. R. Kenny
(contractors), architect, AH work except
*as fixtures and shades for three-story framw
building (three flats) on E line of Folsorm
street. 77:5Vi N of Fourteenth, N 2.". E 96.43-
S 23.313. W 08:03. MB IS; total. $4060.
Euilders' Contract.
Wlliram J. .»iij Emma C. Gnnn to John Wal
ton, lot on NW comer of sixth avenue and A.'
street. N 1M hy W 32:6: $730.
Edward J. «rid Kate Hooper to Floride WH
coxon (widow) »nd Jennie C. Skinner (wife of
D. E.). same; $10.
r>. E. Skinner to Jennie C. Skinner, same;
gift.
Estate of ' Roue Elizabeth Bosq fby Aloise
Gless and Pauline V. Penez. executors) to
Edward X Hooper, lot on S line of Sutter
street. 137:6 E of Larkin. E 37:« by S 137-5
$22.000.. ¦ " "
Timothy Clancy to Sarah Clancy fin trust
for Hugh P. Clanev). Jot on S lln* of Vallelo
street. 137:« E of Taylor. E 3). S 69:174 W 20
N 67:9*; (Sarah Clancy acknowledges ' receipt
of deed from Timothy Clancy, etc.). trust
d«**d : . $
Augustine Manpeot (widow) to Charles Man
*eot. lot on S line of John street. 83 W of
Powell. W 28:6 by S 40; gift.
Henry and Maria Hunken to Francis J and
Mary Halpln. lot on S line of Twentieth street.
175 W of Castro. W 23 by S 110; $10.
Phillippina Goller (widow) to C. M. J. Moran
lot on S line of Elizabeth street. ISO E of
Castro, E 23 by S 114: $10.
San Francisco Lumber Company to Alexander
L. Campbell, lot on S line of Fulton street 96:10
E of Lyon. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Alexander L. and Isabella A. Campbell to
William H. Eekley. lot on S line of Fulton
street. 96:10}* E of Lyon. E 23 by S 100; $10.
Margaret McCormlck (widow) to George T
Austin, lot on N lin» of Clinton Park. 232 W
of Guerrero street, W 23 by N 75; $10
Myra M. Dalton (jmardian of persons of es
tates of Mary E.. Myra M. and Daniel W Mc-
Carty. minors) to John A. Anderson, lot on 8
line of Army street. 140 W of Dolores W 23
by S-1I4; $1450.
Louise G. or Louise M. Sage (wife of O O )
to Juliet J. Mezes (widow), lot on W line of
Baker street, 100 N of Grove, N 25 by W 125;
Juliet J. Mezes (widow) to O. G. Sage lot
on N line of Broadway. 137 :t» W of Broderick
street, W 97:6 by N 137:6; $10
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to G. T. Klini.
lot on E line of Lyon street. 30 N of Clay, N
25 by E 81:3; $10.
Lavina E. Olds to M. C. Hogan, lot on NW
line of Railroad avenue South, 60 NW of Thir
ty-eighth avenue, N 50 by NW 123:10. lot 3.
block 57. Paul Tract Homestead; JSO.
M. C. Hogan to Southern Pacific Company,
lot on NW line of Railroad avenue, 50 KB
of Thirty-eighth avenue, NE 50 by NW 123:10,
lot 3, block o7. same; $10.
Estate of Margaret Bunton (by James Tler
ney. administrator) 10 Richard Bunton all in
terest In lot on N lino of O*Farrell stre"et. 19^:6
i. of Gough, E 27:6 by N 120- $— —
Sarah A. and William H. Snyder to Nellie
Bond, lot on NE corner of Fillmore and Her
man streets. N 21 by E 81:3; $10.
George Coffey to Mary L. Holland (widow).
lot on N line of Sutter street, 110 E of Pierce,
E 27:6 by N IOO; $10.
Pierre Dupuy to P. A. Bergerot. lot on 6
corner of Sherman and Wyoming avenues. SW
«o by SE 107. lots 1 and 3. block ». bears sub
division West End Map 2- $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to John
and Abble Olsen. lot on NE line of Elghtii
avenue South, &5 SE of L street South, SE
i5 by NE ltw, block 111, Central Park Home
stead Association; $10.
•Delia Albertaon (Hall) and Mary A. Lant
(widow) to Allan Howard, Intersection of NW
line of old San Jose road (or Camino Real)
and E line of Plymouth (Marengo) street, N
to S line of Sagamore street, E to NW line
of old San Jose road (or Camino Real), SW
to beginning of land of Railroad Homestead
Association; $10.
Nelson H. Olds to Lavina E. Olds, all prop
erty of first party, both real and personal;
also property in Marin and San Diego counties;
Fred B. Southworth to William Murray, lot
on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 250 N of I
street. N 25 by E 120; JW.
George F. Lyon to John E. Hill, lot on N
line or K street. 65 E of Tenth avenue. E 23
by >, 100: also lot on W line of Ninth avenue,
2a N of K street, N 25 by W 100; *10.
Julia C. Lyon (by George F. Lyon, attorney)
to same, lot on w line of Nintn avenue. 150
N of K street, N 23 by W 120; $10.
Carrie E. \viison (widow) tj Errol C. L.
Wilson, lot 13, block C. Jfark lAns Tract.
Map 3; $10.
Malinda or Mathilda Anthony (widow) to
Elise F. Weldon. lot on SE corner of Douglass
and Twenty-seventh streets. E 5S0. S 101:6. "W"
1US. a 12:6, W 343:4, N 12:6. W 1&6:S. N 101:6.
subdivisions 5 to 15; J10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
and T. Z. Blakeman to Henry Kann. lot on £
line of Sutter street. 206:3 W of Taylcr. W
4o:iO by S 137:G; $24,6^3.
Thomas W., Katherlne A.. Christopher C.
and Lilly A. Rivers to Frederick and Hannah
Krohn. lot on E line of Hyde street. 87:8 b
of Norta Point, S 25 by E 112:6; *10.
. H £ ni 7 L * Vod g<! to Robert Syer. lot oa S lino
of Turk street. 137:6 W of Hyde, W «:io oy
fa 137:6; #10.
Agnes J. K. or Agnes K. and William R.
Finiay to Lavinia Rose Ferguson (wife of W.
P.). lot on W line of Belcher street. 100 JJ of
Fourteenth, N 23:01k. W 92:8. N 2«i inches, W
32:6, S 25:2%, E 125; 110.
Foreign Futures.
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Local bank clearings gain for the week. j
Small trading in local stocks and bonds. i
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat futures doing better. Barley dull and weak.
Oats, Corn and Rye quid and featureless.
Hay and Feed stuffs firm. • ' . j
Beans continue to shade off. Seeds motionless.
Potatoes ti'cafr. Onions in shipping demand and. firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted. ; ." :
Proznsions rule firm in this market. : ;\;.' .:
Wool and Hides steady and Hops firmly hcld. : &':
Hogs in ample supply for all needs.
Dried Fruits quiet, but steadily held. I \ ', .
Cranberries promise to rule. high ihis : year^ : i^';i&':'\\
Peaches and Grapes in better demand:
Some kinds of Vegetables selling: better.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 75c@$l 26 per
sack;. String Beans, lV4@2V4c; Llmas, \Wd-c;
Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl ; Tomatoes from the
river, 15© 25c; from Alameda, 25(d30o; Dried
Peppers. 10<fil24c: Green Okra, 35&50c per box;
Carrots, 25<S'35c per qack; Cucumbers. 2nft'3oc;
Pickles. 2»44«3c per lb for small and l«fl»*c for
large; Garlic, 2<$3c: Green 1 Peppers, 30<&50c per
box for Chile and 30«?40c for Bell; Egg Plant,
30©40c per box; Green Corn. S0@85c per sack;
Alameda. 50c©$l per crate; Berkeley. 504$75c;
Bummer Squash, large boxes, 30<S> 10c; new Mar
rowfat Squash, JSJJlo per ton; Hubbard Squash,
no. •
POTATOES— 60c($$l In sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 20@l 50;
Sweets. 50c® U for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 lOQl 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, iO
<g>70o per ctl.
The feeling in most Vegetables is improving,
and good stock is in lighter supply, though
there is still a large quantity of old stock on
the market.
River Potatoes continue to shade off and
prices have a wider range. The feeling is
weak. Onions continue firm, being wanted for
the Australian steamer which sails on the 3d.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Western Union /ioo 91% sift 8 1
Total sales 277,800
NEW YORK BONDS.
n^ 1 "^,. 28 ' re S-- -.108% Hocking Val 44s.l064
%o coup 109V4 L & N Unl 4s.. ....102
£° 3s reg 108% Mex Cent 4s 844
g^J. ss::::ffl A? #L-xy£*
gOT^^?5afi^v#K
A?cn «n P 4, }S? S J *'"' * en 8-..1M2
B & ° < a ioi N & w con 4 S ::::im
5° . 94% Reading gen 4s ... Sh%
Ca^a,f« L 4 "m"'— J2S % St L & I M con 68.118
Canada So 2ds....lO7 S L & S F 4s 95
V£ i°J i G * 5s — - 107% St L S W lsts.... 974
-^Isttnc 80 Do 2ds .....794
C I ? $ S ••• *&}* S A & A P 4s.... 864
£ & A 3V4s 84*4 j So Pac 4s 91%
CB& Q new 4s.. S6% So Ry 5s 117
C M & S P gen 4s.U0UlTex & Pac lsts.. .119
n £ t * C £ n . 7s ----"0 T St L & W 4s.... 84%
C R I & P 4s lOC.VJ Union Pao 4s 1064
CCC&SLg 48.10414 Do conv 4s 106$
Chicago Term 4s. 94% Wabash lsts ..119
£01° & So 4s 87T4 Do 2ds 110
g & R Q 4s W2U Do dVb 13 61%
Krle prior lien 4s. 98 West Shore 4s ....113V4
-P?,,*? 11 .*" 87% W & L E 4 90
Ft W & D C 1st*. 103*4 Wls Cent 4s 8SH
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 11
Alice 5n Ontario 11 5 1 )
Breece 1 it Ophlr . 74
Brunswick Con .. 03 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel,. 06 Potosl 01
Con Cal & Va...... 1 70 Savage 01
D»>adwood Terra .. 55 Sierra Nevada 14
Horn Silver 180 Small Hopes 41
Iron Silver t.. SSIStandard 3 35
Leadvllle Con .•... pfil
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. "
Money— Union Pacific 97%
Call loans :.4 &'t Westlngh Elec .... 534
Time loans 44® fll Mining Shares-
Stocks— . Adventure 25
A T & St Fe 76 Blnsham Mln.Co.. 824
Do prefd :. 95% Amaler Copper 90V4
Amer Sugar 123*4 Atlantic S4
Amer Tel 163Vi Calumet & Hecla.,775
Boston L 171 Centennial 21
Boston & Maine. ..192 Franklin 17*4
Dominion Coal ... 45 Humboldt 40
Do prefd 117 Osceola 101
U S Steel 43% Parrott 40
Do prefd Ws Qulncy 160
Gen Electric 25HH Santa Fe Copper.. 54
Ed Elec 111 ...:.. .247V* Tamarack 308
Mex Cent 23>4 Utah Mining 25
N E Gas & Coke.. 6 Winona 24
Old Colony .......206
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Live . hogs. 2C0 lbs and under, 6QSHo;
over 200 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders. ; sows, £0
per cent off; boars. 60 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotatione; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9ttc
BEEF— 6©6Vic for Steers and 5@54c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL-Large, VA®t\bc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, «@64c per
pound.
Receipts of Hogs continue ample and pack
ers are selling to the butchers. Prices are
weak, but not quotably lower. Other meats
remain as before;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Small White, $4;
Large White, $2 40@2 65; Pea, $4 60-54 75; Pink,
$2 40@2 45; Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 50® 3 60;
Llmas, nominal ; Red Kidney, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 15; Yellow Mus
tard. $3 15®3 25; Flax. $2 23@2 SO; Canary, 3\i®
34o for Eastern { Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, Wit
2%c; Hemp, S4c per lb. '
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $165 per ctl. '\ ,
Most kinds of Beans are rather lower again,
and, the feeling continues weak. The tendency
Is to nell. .:
Beans and Seeds.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7©8c; Oregon Valley One, 1429
15c; do. medium and coarse, 11® Uc; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good. 90
Uc; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquln. 64@8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs', 74@3c. Middle County. 8@10e; North
ern Mountain free, 9@llc; do, defective, S'it-Jc-
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— New. 12@15o per lb.
'704c: No.' 2 corn, yellow, 574c: No. 2 oats,
35@35%c; No. 2 white. a7®38c; No. S white.
36%C'37%c; fair to choice malting barley, 54®
60c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 66; No. 1 Northwestern,
(I 66; prime timothy seed, $5 35@5 SO; mess
pork, per barrel. $15(315 05; lard, per 100 pounds.
$10 20; short-rib sides (loose).- $10 22>i; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $8 65; short clear
Bides (boxed), $9. ,-
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 138,000 138,000
Corn, bushels ..334,000 • 408,000
Oats, bushels .282,000, ' 117.000
Rye, bushels 8,000 •;.......
Barley, bushels 41,000 - 84,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, l-i@-21c; dairy,
13@17c. Cheese, steady. 10@llc. Eggs, steady;
fresh. 164c.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
31
STATIONS.
D
3
.2 K 3 •
S5£E°*
CO
1°.
3
E
Astoria
llaker
Car«an «
JJurt-ka
Kresno
Flagstaff
Poeatello, Idaho..
Independence
hot Ar.celfs
Phoenix
1'ortland
Ke<l Bluff
Roseburg
Faeramento
Salt Lake
Kan Francisco
tan Lule OMrpo..
Bsn Uiepo
Feattle
Fpokan*
NeaiiBar
Valla Walla
TVinnemueca
Tuma
..SO.OO t6 46 S Rain T.
..».96 C6 SS NW Cloudy .00
...2S.S4 76 SC W Clear .00
...S0.(>0 BS U XW Clear .00
..M.72 M C4 NW Clear .00
..30.02 71 64 SW Clear .00
..29.W 61 38 W Cloudy .09
..29.71 78 *D0 SB Clear .00
..2S.74 76 50 W Clear .00
..29.66 M t6 N'W Clear .00
...r9.»2 M IS E Rain .10
..». 72 kg t8 N Clear .00
..2S.94 €8 44 6 Italn r T.
..59.7* 80 £2 KB Clear .00
..29.90 6< 44 NW Pt Cldy .00
...29.78 72 64 W Clear . .00
..2S.7« K M S Clear .00
..IS.RO 66 60 SW Clear .00
...2S.S8 M 44 E Cloudy .00
..S».OO r.G 3S S Cloudy. .00
..30.00 '¦» 4S SH Cloudy .00
..2».S>« r.S 44 W Cloudy .00
..29.« 70 30 BW Clear .00
..JS.CO PS 68 >*W Oear .00
AUCTION SALES
&* Auction Sale of Horses, fe
30 head Inyo Co. Horses, trotting bred, sired
by sons of "Gibraltar." 2:22. Grandson* of
Nutwood." 2:13. and "General Benton." All
well broke, young, sound and good size. Some
extra promising lor road or track. Some all
purposes. Consignment of R. W. Scott.
Sale takes place TUESDAY. Oct. 1, at 11 a, a.
J. M. NELSON'S STABLES. ALAMEDA.
Cor. St. Charles St. and Eagle Ave.Clerks for Tax Collector.
The Civil .Service Commission certified
the names of twelve eligible clerks to Tax
By R. TV. Scott— Tuesday, October J. «t 11
o'clock. Trotting Horses, at corner Tt. Charies
street and Eagle avenue. Alameda. *- narIea
By G. II. Umbscn & Co.— Monday, October 7
at. 12 o'clock. Crooka Estate ProptrUe*/ IU li
Montgomery street. t-. • «v~"<». « i*
AUCTION 1 j gAT,frs
BEACH AN AGREEMENT.
Understanding Between Santa Ee and
Southern Pacific Arrived At.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— It is stated that
a community ; of interests between the
Atchlson,.Topeka* and Santa Re* Railroad
Company and the Harrlman Interests has
' Just beenVestabllshed as far as Pacific
; Oce'an" or . Oriental traffic ; Is. concerned.
Instead of the Santa Fe establishing an
Independent Pacific Ocean line from San
Francisco, or making an arrangement
the- Hambursr- American SteamshiD
Entertainment for Charity.
The Alden Club, International 'Sunshme.
Society, entertained- Its friends Yesterday
afternoon at the Century Club with a
:programme of; music, and an ./.excellently
produced farce.' .. The-, a-ttendance was
large. The proceeds will; be -devoted to
charity/ The farce' "Place- aus!. Dames"
was cleverly Interpreted by the following:
Juliette. Miss Josephine Chapman: Ophe
lia, Miss Dollie Chapman; Lady Mac
beth, Miss Mary Inglis; Portia. Miss Lil
lian -Qulnn. Miss Grace "Garoutte and
Miss Amy ? _Garoutte were also in the cast.
authorized among other things to "con
tract for and acquire* by purchase or
otherwise stocks, bonds or securities of
any company, corporation or association;
to enter Into contracts in respect to the
construction, establishment, . owning,
equipment, leasing, maintenance or oper
ation of any railroads. - telegraphs or
steamboat lines or. any public or private
improvements, and to buy; build, sell and
deal ln all kinds of private' and public
stocks, bonds and securities."
A liberal charter, ' certainly, and full
use was coon made of Its liberal provi
sions. * : -«".'
. The capital fixed by the charter .was
51,000,000, with power, to Increase the
amount from time to time as might be
determined by the board of. directors 1 ,
with the approval of at least two-thirds
la Interest of the stockholders. ""^j.
Tlvoli— "Carmen." r ¦'v'* ;['.
California— West's Mlnstrelst ..,''/. ".-'
Grand Opera-house— "Dr. Jekylt and Miv
Hyde." '-;. \
Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
. Central— "Little Lord Fauntleroy.**
, Alcazar— "Sapho."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater- Vaudeville « verr
afternoon and evening. -- - ; ', *" <Jr '
Fischer' »— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "The Brownies In Fairyland.'*
Saturday afternoon. October 5.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
• Sutro Baths— Open nights." . . ., .
1 *.'.
Continued from Page Twenty-Three.
existence under one management. It In
cluded tho Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany of California, the Southern. Pacific
Railroad Company of Arizona, the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company of New
Mexico, the Louisiana Western' Railroad
Company and Morgan's Louisiana and
Texas Railroad and Steamship Company.
Other lines of which "It secured control
gave It a continuous rail route, known as
the "Sunset" route, from San Francisco
to New Orleans, thence by "steamer to
New York.
The lines In the State of Texas ,were not
included in. the omnibus lease, but were
operated under statutory requirements of
that State by their own officers independ
ently. These lines are controlled by. the
Southern Pacific . Company 'through own
ership of the capital, stock.- v
The California Pacific V Railroad was
leased November \, 1886, for flftyiyears.'
The Central -Pacific was leased: February
17, 1885/ for a long term. The Northern
Railway was. leased July. 1, 1SSS,'
for ninety-nine years. The Oregon and
California was leased July. 1,- 1887, for for
ty years. Tha South Pacific Coast Rail-
Southern Pacific Company. Mr. Hay« ar
rived ln San Francisco on January 6 of
the present year and at once assumed the
duties of his office. He was the third
man who • had. filled that position, so Im
portnnt.to the business Interests of Cali
fornia and the rest of die Pacific Coast.
The two who preceded him were Leland
Stanford, who was president from the in
ception to the latter part of the eighties,
and Collls P. Huntington. who succeeded
Stanford and filled the office, until his
death. August 14. 1900.
way was leased July 1. 1887, for fifty-five
years, and the Northern California Rail
way was leased June 1, 1889, for forty
years.'
For a time the Southern Pacific Com
pany, by ownership and lease, had con
trol of lines from New. Orleans up through
Mississippi. Tennessee. Kentucky and Vlr T
glnla to Louisville, Cincinnati and the At
lantic coast, but within the- last few
years has surrendered this control, though
still holding traffic arrangements 'that
give It full facilities 'for reaching the
points named. . ' .'.
Southern Pacific Presidents.
Up to a short time previous^ to, the death
of C P. Huntington, the president' of the
company, ' the - original holdings of the
"Big Four" had been kept sufficiently in
tact to enable him to retain the manage-;
ment of the road. "On his death ln Au-'
gust, 1900, the Speyers, who represented
large European holdings, having j secured
also ' large blocks of stock ; from . ; the
Crocker and Stanford holdings, named C
M. Hays,'. then president. of the -'Grand
Trunk Railroad, as the president of the
¦ -¦.,..•¦¦¦, . «-i ¦'•'*'.*
Company, as has heretofore been report
ed, negotiations have Just been concluded
whereby it will discontinue its San Diego
ocean line on February 1, 1902, and will
Jointly with the Southern Pacific Com
pany, use the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company for its trans-Pacific outlet.
Under the new arrangement with the
Pacific Mall Steamship Company thc San
ta Fe Is given equal ' rights .with .the
Southern Pacific and is guaranteed 'a cer
tain percentage of Oriental -traffic"."- ¦.
On the organization in 1884 the original
amountNtf $1,000,000 was paid ln cash and
tho authorized capital stock was In
creased to $100,000,000. With the issue of
$87,076,200 of this new. e^ock the. greater
part of the capital stock : was acquired in
the proprietary lines Included ln the om
nibus lease. *
For the purpose of acquiring the pro
prietorship of additional lines, the au
thorized capital was fixed in 1SS8 ¦ at ¦ JtlSO,
000,000. The practical operations of the
company commenced March 1, 1S83, on
which date the omnibus lease went into
effect. On April 1 following the lease pf
the Central Pacific lines went into opera
tion.
, Huntlngton, Stanford, Crocker and
Hopkins, the "big four." who had built
and controlled the "Central Pacific, were
the principal '. organizers and owners of
nearly all the stock of tho Southern Pa
cific Company.-^ ' '. .
Omnibus I/ease.
By tho omnibus lease mentioned the
Southern Pacific Company (of Kentucky)
brought Into one system a - total mileage
of 7978.60 miles, making lt tho largest in
Collector Scott yesterday. Prom these
Scott will select ten men who will be em
ployed during the rush Incident to th«
collection of taxes next month.
-HURRIMAHTO ASSUME PRESIDENCY
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1901.
32
AMUSEMENTS.
1 . " ! TTftlft'sL
> '[:_ Hale*a. _ j Hole's. _ _ j. . ¦ !¦ V^^^ V^^^^^ ""•'. 8 ! '-"-' - "'-'-'-'- ~— ~
?Hb * 7 ' 5 j$BL* rlo-IC S ' "K1S6S t-O XllC V/CC3.S1OI1. '^^^^^^^ : -xf&@S$*ff
$I2*75 JsWlMk. — To have what you want, when you want it. and not ask too much for it. That's our doctrine. We are preaching -
' -You wa^t t bUck-anil-w^te Co^ "^areThave^us't'xomV 11 uo" 61 '"" C1 ° th ' They are here-the jJkJjJHBbtIF vS^S'^^t^'
vmi li • —You want ; a Kersey Box Coat, yoked and stitched and velvet trim- .—You want new'styles 'in'belts^and buckles' a'nd handkerchiefs and {£ J^B^? 'A ' *- Y^
—You want^^ Grenadine striped Silks,^ They are here,~$1.50. So are —You want a Chlffpn veil with black' ring dots. Ifs here— 50c a >«• ' >tS^ N. V ** I
\\-Wp^^<'^>^^^^^^.\ JMjS^K^jiKKfflwHB^Mg^ velvets In every conceivable, shadeand tint. ... . ; yard. So are all the new gloves. • ~ . .• ¦ **T ~ .^A^^S-A BhL^rf!
13m We got all this here so as to celebrate our first birthday .in the New Store. Opened up a year ago in this fine big %&^ : \
Mfr M^fe^ RW I!!!!! store. This week' marks a period in our life— did last year," does this year. " ' "/ : - •• • . ' &&>> Jz^ 1^^ ~'
/Automobile Coats $12.75. The Trimmed Hats . •
Mm^^^^S /f " ™^>^ckiptxon. « g J^nTtZUT* b c TutifuV y h £hcd Elc S ly cio!4 ilO cS^ qt " . Now f". " el^t of JheiP Beauty and Variety. _ • m^ J^2jsB)^SL.
BSmW ?»IIHf / Mad" ch from n nne Ker.ev new tan* (who is an acknowledged master of values) told thc writer , Stocks arc a . 1 l lelr be u st thls wcc c k - , Thc , rc was L ncv « r i 1 better time to visit our mtlhnery |
JSM' ivi I "d cas™2. y< ne tan " m n n n t* .-jit', a«a salon> on second iloor ' than now< St >' les that at the be K inning were not thought of or- were,
' i^^ wuS d xSs p is$&'SJ&5f !niaiS e 4. o tS They Can t Be Duplicated Under $20. ' pcrhaps - ] " thc now fuiiy developed Result » that we-ii show . "^^^l^^^^S^A
*V¥Wi Si^^PlSl ffiWrrir* The designer said he wanted our business-and he was MOPC PrettV HatS TIllS Week Than EyeP.
\' : i ! v y 'r r 7^j*ffirs«i w^flSBSfa,' rAgm ot the miiar, cuffs, strnps and willing to show us he deserved it by giving us these coats AI1 original conceptions. New York and Paris creations arc here in abundance: many 01 l^mSX^X^M^i^p^i^i^j^^'/BS^
X I '''4* 'J»ft»j]ffiaS»^ tur" 1 Ktltch '' d na 8hown ln thla lllc - to sell at this ridiculous price. them never shown before. You know no one is better fixed than we are to know what the new AoBKgKSfipgSS^^ TT7iSr
V ' i|& !">?-^'*H liP8M*raNB»>\ ? ' ' S " IIc put in tliem USt aS gOOtl kcrsc >' as if nc K ot Ilis fuI1 thin)?s art f and « ct thcm first - That's why wc • keep a force of buyers in New York all year M^^^^C^^-]^^\^'<^9
Xl^^mW^W'W^^^^^^MK price— lined them with thc same good satin, put thc same number of stitching on edges— round. So. when you want to know what's being shown and worn in New York, come here. OB^fflfB£>^/
W.^v' ¦'•'¦ ¦¦-*-¦ ; - 1^"'»'iV tt' ll '^^R! l |!^^^i same kincl of straps; yes, took even more pains with them than if he was making a profit. He Aside from their beauty, • .. . v * u^ '^!?SL ¦
I^!Sl#SiillS^St\ wantcd \ 0 / csurc °f t > fhcrord " B !- , o Hale's Hats Are Most Reasonably Priced. "^ J^/
WW^WSto " Kersey Ciipes $7.50 TailOP SllitS $18.75. It's the clement of quality as well as of rich beauty that makes our $5.00 and $8.00 hats . \L y®'
W^^^^^M'lWi^^^H^&Fl t.'c Like illuHtrntlon. Cheviots, all wool with a half tisrht nttln» jack- rank first. This leadership is sustained on up thc line, $10.00, $12.00, $15.00 and $20.00. ' U*a J
1 law5^WBSra^^mlB5M^-W'««2K I It s so much more for thc money than wc et, which in iinmi with Tan.-m silk; trininn-.i with Most women will hn \ntrrr*tn\ in . . • \S^ VP
sy .m.^ ft' ~ «-*» ¦- "Ssv;c:;:::,:r riB "^ . rffirad. Vmto continental, $5.00. . &*d
' 8^S^^*J^^-7C«^S^S'iF5S^^Sl Th " p<1c ' > " nr ' > Btttch<%<1 . « 1)P lloort i* lln '' (J wlth brl1 - c have been told so many times by women It's Thc Fad. Made of white felt and black vclvot. sct off with two large black and white '}«£& *? V*^-.
iriStf " ' H^WB |«*y puwjnk. hy. a^arge ffUinsr^conar. come^in w l lo have been around the city that this is" the pompons. The bandeau'is finished with white panne velvet. " . . ; « ¦
Rnv CnntR f^ft 7K ecason. ¦ . , first place they have found anything to suit Its so pretty for the money and so rare we vc pictured on« here just as it is. w - M - \r'- M -. .
~. - i? irT w •*!. . r.,.,^ - „? «ti o- " them, that we've come to think we ve cot the 88.00-A draped turban of mottled felt, In black and white; turned to the side with a handsome white dove. It's finished with two iPftnffad
°£to fl £ SESSStttB V&£*i£- They hav . C n °e P v : r 8^e n 1... t".n 56 78 best Value, Whethe'r ifs a .$iooo sS?. "or SS 1 iS'Wt/Si.^SgToS? 01 * VelVCt rlbb ° n r080ttC - It>8 a neat> cIo «? fl " ln « » hape ' •»»« for ready-to-wear or dress hat. Trim-
ments, lined Tilth Sklnner f s satin, turn- That Is, compared to prevallinic values. Kerseys In a $12.75. a $14.75 or any one you may $12.<M>-A lurge black nllk velvet hat, with chiffon tucked facing turned to the side and five deml plume* over tho edre. which lend* to It the
» back cuffs. We've eold coats for 25 tans and biSsel offdTwn the VrDlit withKerse? select, you may be certain to get a distinctive Gainsborough sweep. The bandeau Is finished with black velvet ribbon, large gold and rhinestone ornaments. A very nobby and attractive
years, but this Is the most for the .traps, buttoned tubs across the front. Small buttons «.t v u M rtr „ a ,,; f m u nwn i™,. u,, f ?],_?»- _-,i. shape. i
Xi B Si X^SSThSEf ' n .l oxx ** pect to «^o ?>«<> to it. eftectivene., f^S ..?* s*i " V llcre but tnat s made #2O.(M)-A Paris novelty, something new and swagger, In a turban shape; made of chenille braid, trimmed with a handsome iridescent breast, a
,• pay J12.00 you should see them. if. a little price, but a fine car»e. to our special order. pale blue velvet crown and now gun metal ornament helps to make It striking.
The Season's Most p—— *^" > — i - M -— ¦—— ' r _ 4 \ ' ¦ I^V«>^1 f%T a"sf *%&f* '
I *^ 4r C± ?•/^C?'^" \ t"\ fY* f^ I *a »^ If C± "^" 1^1 Ck •%"« 7 ~~ZH ¦ iVa^Uj 1 _- "pnti-* — ' ~ '. '¦¦ * .' •J V^ * «y -^
m.m.m. wva w4_/t**a.A£^ *^ * *¦*¦ * * * ** A ? ? •-'• Wrry tn (1^r^£I — "-^-/tl/^ft r^i /t""* 7 *" — 1^~~~^ c nave K° nc through our entire stock of jewelry, sifting out every ar-
We were never so well prepared in blankets as we are now. The variety <^^S^S£K T* "^ — J*M9 f&i'S "^'^ .. . —^^^JS^feS' ticIc wc can sell . at 2 5 C - Not one °^ thcm but what ' s in demand; not one but
is broader, the values are stronger than we ever offered before. fe' /^^vv4 > '''' " •&? s/^\ ' /* \H Ik +\'* •'•¦¦^^'!^'™# 1 what's lower priced. .. - ¦'• •
So we've sct aside the next few days to spread the good tidings. " Thus «5wB3fSfiWJ?r.;p i ' // y V /^\Z^ l^*\ jSf™!™o^w <tf ''^S^^» ne '' st i nc ' u des — ' : .
the^r excentioml attrartinn?' • (ffiw'Vi- QfL ( n? 7 / -i^. / sir A mi ill i'^w^^v <£W* V3z3T* -„ Sterling silver top hair pin?. ' ' . Turquoise sash pins.
White Wool Blankets $8.75. *' itf^gK ¦ £& ifilis. \ P I M1|H '^^Sf : S^IS^& B ;:
Some 200 pairs of them, finely woven, OO inches wide, 80 inches long. S'ttv c<JW-^H?\W' : ST; Q I If ) X^^il Hi/wT*^ ¦ ' iWmi (ST^^t,-. •"••••"'i Infants' bracelets-sterling silver. . Belt pins— sterling silver, with emerald
They are so heavy and such a fine quality that we always put them in the ""-Jr W 11 llL// ft VI IIP ff 'A ""'^SJil Pfei : * Three shlrt studs - rolled « old ' P earl rn|?? 0 iffl U «SL2. e n»m!?:^ ?«„.
' %SlltVJo h L S^A^^V n «4 n^ e ' a D nd^ d , 05 H OU - $3 l 5a H Pair H •-, JlSSrf ¦ -r^O liM/ I IB, /A Mli^P/ P c S h .uards-sterling silver, with S&^t^S'Sf&S''*-
WBI1E WOOL BLANKETS J?4.<o — Double bed size, silk bound, weight Tpi MmmF^\%.h //%[• . \ I '('iCTll"^ Tl 1 1 rUfjVj I / / r^yvS^**^T^ s° ld slldes - • Brooch pins.
full five pounds. 50 pairs for selling after to-morrow morning' at $47<; MBKr^BTOV^lyV V/d I \lp J *^ • li 3k w^*^*-.'i /-»^ •• r»»f vt l^.«
BEAUTIFUL WOOL BLANKETS $7.OO_\V C never saw anything like it tMS^^^^^S^A^*^ Never Made Such a S V w^^-^.7^\?)fe^7^' V „ V . . . . , fD^'
before under $10.00. If it were not that thc weavers made a mistake and '^^^^^^fX^Kiflm^ PpmonloM^ n^nl,^ These, too, are all extra values, picked from regular stock lor selling
put in an extra cotton thread or two you would never now get them at fa . Kem_arKaDie-UIiePing OI '^1 Monday and this week. : ;,
lo J e Sniv^^ifair^ ! ° SS ' >OU "^ the Kain - inChCS "^^ fe^my C Q 1 I H«/]^,^n« ' «^-' Bu^on hook, &?• Kf SS&'SSgk
ALl>W00L BLAkr^S ?1 0 OO fill OO *1« r» 1 : WiClOtS^ l~^3_ I 8 I J tl fl P 8^ WP^I V Toothbrushes. Darners. Corn knives. Umbrella clasps.
ALL-WOOli BLANKETS 1?1O.OO,?11.OO, .?!-., »O. Extra larRC and IfflmnlTSni ¦ Tir A WH V^ IIUVI TT VCll X 1^ ff^W i-4*m.\\£tfL\ Vinaigrettes with sterling silver* tops.
very pood for double beds. .<50 pairs. • .'..,-. ,: . -.. .: . ' -
; MOTTLEJ> BLANKEiTS $1O.OO—Double bed size, pink and light blue Fop Women and Children. . v .:
I *&$<££ ArgJ^S™ S2.00 and ?4.00-0f cour M ,\ ev a« M^^^^M^MW^^^M^^^Mi^^^J^ ' 44=PC. Tea Set $^.QS. M
a,, c «^ n^ o^j»»^«-*«» -h C , Biggest Underwear Selling San Francisco Ever Had W> tZ^ Hf ifei | off |«, J!L w. iO n, In
«miSe lea iS?b^?{ e r com^rtThYn^vJr^^^i^^n^ sllkallne. 72 Inches We don't see how any woman who needs warmer underwear can keep from buying. She'll not only save money . thc sct YcT™-. A Bowl • 6u* B r Bowl Teooot
! hSTot %L?^l§^^V^YJ&£i£%i£* W0Uld not now lf we on anythingshe wants, but she'll Ret.just as good underwear as she ever could. We can't give, more satisfactory gar- . Two CaTe Plate. 1 2 t7. Plate. 12 Cup. K«m
*.m£ J <i'&F&S O1 !£ FOB> '£ B £l *^-°°- **3.OO and *3.5O each. They ments even in regular times than we re able to offer now much underpriced.. Had to begin 'way back to do this. ' Tf . . nr< . tt : Pr tea set and better quality than is usually sold at anvtMno-
™'?hSSnd r Btd7uiawe"ST 1 1 11111 11111 ffl^ I W^ 8 S " UW I 1 ! fflSS
1 .^: | w « Can't Repeat These Bargains Again ||| ||1^ ||^|
MONDAY MORNING -• . this season. If you wait you'll pay more and not get better underwear. X solid colors, heavy gold tracing. ; .'
Cotton Batting 4c a Roll. It>s taken one entire aisle with all bargain tables and a full score of extra salespeople to care for the stuff. You 6-inch Jardinieres 10c— HeaVyelazed pottery, brown, blue and green tints
.«a m?J f"£,°«'J n « r 2!!«ii 1?«^ le8 °/ " *° on 8a4 * Monday mornlngr for the first time. ma y expect the best values we ever gave, or ever can give this season. . . .'¦-¦¦.¦ Our 85c Jardiniere* now 03c— Nine-inch, solid colors and blends, heavy
and It s just as good batting, too, as you can buy at any time. Here's the" list-it's very interesting. Read it all t , ' ' , 7 : V^ V" ; : glazed pottery, fancy edges. • neavy
75c All- Over TllCkingS, TAT , Tve , OK Ladles' Vests and Pants. • Children's Vests and Pants. Women's Genuine Oneita Union Suits. Men's Hvfflfinif 1 llnrfprWflArRnp
"T _ ° ' . Z^eVDZlSS' 25e Y^SXS AIOT> PATJTR 18c-Heavy fleece lined. Vests with gusset. In 13c-Fleece lined, heavy ribbed; vetta have 45c T^^."lr " 'SL^l" nbh^d fle*^^ lln-d buttoned aero" tne bust russet, ' IIDI1 ° "JglBlllll U1IUBI Wcdl OUil
ORr '.-....: . *™J» Bll . k finish on neck and front. pearfiButtons. covered Beama. Pants with French Bilk-bound neck and front, pearl button*. V^finnB lonrin the body wide iara in the hack Hbbed cults and ankles silk Soft COmfortahl*. frjir mi .r.t.
24oov a rd, ; : 40c INSTEAD OF 5Oc-Extra heavy 50e-Natural gray, heavy ribbed, half wool. f£ A nt *?£ 'SciioS? w^r Colw^aSS?«ffy* 6 - 1000 of them «o on sale to-morrow mornlnar at «c. V • "°:°'l D^ Sted ' dOuW . e Shirts.
2400jardS t>, . ., ««"ty. fleece lined. Vest, with long or Vest, with gusset. In arm., covered S f« w 3? Z H/™,?dlt| n'ai fl.OO-Wool mixed, white or natural. . U5J -ChUd'«5 UfllOH SuftS. '"PCHOr quality, every Size, shirts Or
Lawns and Nainsooks. Plain . and . :ehort sleeves. .Ilk shell flnl.h around neck seam., finished with silk on neck and 'or <. ttC h larger size. 200 dosen. ., °» ¦*I««t « » * «J"t. i. ,'¦„„; 5> UHIUI1 OUIW drawers.
fancy revere effects, as well as many g the front, pear, buttons, patent . front, pearl button, . Pant, with French 25^ 8 !. rl w?ih h b^W P on ln neck atU an a ( J 0%, f * «S» H tf S^t^S - Z}$1 ™J3PS8$&Sf. <££££& SS M^SJSgSlSjJ 116 is ~
sheer Styles, 2O and 24 inches wide. ..¦ «> v ««a ¦ seams, two style. In pants, either yoke band., shaped and narrowed ankles; ,P»arl buttons. The bent garment of Its SLOB-Two-thlrds wool, white or. natural. 1' covered seamii. pearl buttons, closely UJ«JO»«iJ<,W KAJR 75c— It's thre«.
VVhn „„. ,-f tt,- v ' r^ ««? ;^«n-^> V«,. fastened, on nlde or back. Color, ecru; unshrinkable; sizes 4, B. «. 1800 of them " kind niade. . 81zes. 20 to 34. 720 of them ' 480 of them on sale. nt II 63. ... ¦' . .; knitted and nicely flnl.heJ. Color, nat- coFor. « W £Si^ r*v. Ural fray or C*rael.ha4r
V\ no cares li mey re not lronea.' IOU sire., 4, 6. 6. J050 of them ko on sale for selling- at' this splendid price, 60c _ rt Ko on sale to-morrow morning at 25c each. $2.00-90. per cent wool, white or natural. - ural uray. Sizes. 3 to 12 yeara. Worth colors, ot «ood weight; one of our be«t t*1u««.
would not think of tisinrf them till vnn this mornlnc at 40c earh ¦ each 30o—Wool, extra heavy. Vests have silk 450. of them on sale at *2 00. . •/. / .• .'.' • 60c. but for to-morrow's selling-, 33c. — — ¦— — —
woum not minx 01 usinR mem llll you . inn morning; at we etcn. •_.._ eacn.. ., binding on neck and front, pearl buttcn«. ?2.O«-Two-thlrdii wool. wh!»e or natural; wrt V; „ , rt „ u * . i,.-.w IZn M rt / A D««,- I S i t-
washed them, anyhow. Because this lit- 50e-Fleee^ lined. Vc«t with guilts )n 75c-Kxtra h<-avy. wool, silk blndlns around covered seams. Color, natural yray. Sizes, extra lurno Mzcs. 7. S.-9. -.'IS o( th"in un .»Oo-Heeofl lined Onrlta """"•.. ". t f*."!^ llOIw iflDSr IZiC 111
tie ooint ha« hi.#.n r> v *r\ n rAr*A i'< tV,- ¦ ««•««.. neck and front finished with silk neck and down the front, covered seams, • « to 34. Size 18. 30c-8c additional for .ale to-morrow mornlnff at. *2 00.- .. - .:. - buttoned across the chest, silk shell finish *VW. IIVIW 1 UJ/Wl I »-» C 1 \Ja
uc point nas Deen OVcrlOOkea IS the covered seams, pearl buttons. Pants with ' rearl buttons, ribbed cuffs and ankles: . each larcer .ize. 1100 of them. w»m.«'. A'nhn i nlnn Sulti "'¦'¦'¦ . '• » roun d neck, pearl button.. covered j, ,„_„£_. ,*
course there IS a blj? lot of them, but 00^ H .'horV iHS* hnXnrt 1 Wlt t Ion 5 with Kusset. In arm.. .Ilk finish, on neck -heavy,' ribbed and shaped "" cuff, and -covered .cams, pcnrl' button.. Kunset. In ift.OO-Onelta .ults. extra heavy, ribbed, un- \ t at 35c— that's just whv wr rnnX il
it IS a biff value SO it's wUe tn fhnn«#. (U .L hT^n. ™1.h nPOk ft .1. d and front. Two styles-elther^plaln- or ankles. Color, tan. with .heavy whlto the arms, long- In the body, wide laps In . .hrlnkable two-thlrda wool; .n>>ndldly Me . It fa\#« ¦am#th!n^ w- V^. C ma T^ "
u is a Dig laiue, SO.ltS Wise tO cnoose fro nt. 1>« arl b utton.. coy ered seams; rUi- ribbed; natural *ray or white, the best lleeclng on underside. All nlzc«.'24 to 14.) back, shaped and narrowed, cuff, ami made and finished; natural gray; .u,., of to m«k*^ou^lnk » a^Sd d^Ji «#" rood deal
before the best arc gone. of .hem «« .»i. ,v,u 8 3 V,^ "• u 900 wrment of Its kind made. 2100 of them COO of them. An exceptlonalvata at 26o ankles. Sires, 4. B. 8. 680 of them.. An 3 to 15 years. 576 of them on sale to- r-'w^V^ 0 " _? '?*.*. B « Of U8> .
wv»v otw 6«'«- . or them on sale this morning at COc each. for selllnr at *1 each. •, each. .' "= extra value at |1 73. .. ; . ¦• ••• morrow morning and thereafter, |1 00 suit, enwopes tO match this paper $C a package.
if i > -i j r» -^^^ "^.. ." v.^ ' ' •• •.;'", .starts I O B morro\y« * ,; ¦¦ , -^ .. ¦* *j»59 u
ll3.1C'^ ' LQ.UiriCir*V OO&O 2C 3 O4O.I* ¦ ¦ HoU8ekee P ers everywhere will be glad of this. 'It's a most important offering '' ..." . ' .¦ ..
Iftp^ood family soap, comes in full pound bars. 2 c cTch. S /: ...^-'^^-OfjUStwhatyOUWanU |> |f/lS^ Enamded WafC Marked DOWH
J, 1 " °^ED CASTILE SOAP 10c_i^lb bars. Ifs the quality and' weight usually >; , ' r. —Ju$t when V0U Want it, . "" . . ';<: •.» . "
™vTTJLf^, m d thl9 sa '« ha" that price, ioc. . ' •.. ¦ • J^And'fnn much 7««s /A/r/i i/n///-P //««// /n n«i/#n/» • lt s a BOOfI «' #| aW« kind, first quality. Don't confuse these prices with the cheaoer '
t WPJB?&8m-.3££-.3!rs scrwb pushes uh*« i£ 0M ¦ ' W *' • ' a . lcstu(r ' You "I 1 ' 1 buy bcttcr ' trutr - b «" r made irticI " " en " « """' "»»
GHATiros c '3c-i*.rre.i** ar* «x CHRiETv'k-MTVES. A set I4c-Thr«* of • Brooms, brushes, dustpans, clothes wringers,, hammers, buckets and enameled ware will sell, commencing to-morrow morning, at reduced rates.
held £'JS££ ; l °"" S '^w S^ISsfprjofit jllrt nlw tha^'wcTo any other time, but we think it pays 37c-Kour.«.non c^^ra^Ajn^-^^^a^u
1 !®* AUS^t «; * V «- Th . y p^^^SSS^ E down ' in t!lc lon « r No 7' « «S«??tej Sfeol these thin KS can keep from buyi,,« now And WIN^OB BAUCE PANS^c^uart .u.; Jg^ft^ 45c „ J
Ht a l?fe!in7e MOd prftctlciLl . w rlnrer: ought to " •"«» " tlnn^. " «»««« ¦« V"" buy usual- " " , was V wc u D * , lOin }f V", Wliat , * c arc tryi " K t0 Rain< Wc want y0U t0 tl1ink ot MILK PANS 5c-Hold one quart. ' Good Wash Bonrda Uc.
-TOE HTVAL" WBTNGE^S NOW *2 45 W&ODElJ 5/SJfSlSS^Knil made; j HaI ? r * y t Ot ? th '" k ° f W , ... . . , ' TEA KETTLES 0 59c~No. 7? royal steel, .n.m- £&£.« Mcular .,„. that w .. v . " ,„
-A splcndM wrlnnir. yith lo5iL S r5l? W m?n?5 marked down Monday for the first time. 14c? ¦ downstairs Store was never SO brifillt or SO invitinK US lt IS HOW— Stocks are ' il™***"! 1 He.- and thought ,wi wtr* KlTln* a «oSd dial fo* •
OAT VAT?T?rii TTm*r °fS tSfSS 10c ~ H(llf -« ollon «" !e: m * rkcd down fuller and broader than ever. If there is anything you can think of we haven't got, we'll Sgffi^hMJSles^ 0 * d °° r maU ' "^ '"" day'foTuo"' 1 >w- w#r '' but buy thtm '^ Moa *
mu lncbVi m^k^owa^^S. BS 5 0 9c "* CARPET BKATEBS 10c - nattan ; Monday get it for you. . ¦ ' . IW-MNEE GAS STOVES 81.B0-They NAIL HA.MMEBS 8c-Theyrt w.U flnlsh.4
¦=-. «ra aowa for this sal« to 6»c. for the first time and until »old. 10c. Tli( , n, rt : rt1 i, r „„.„. .• «f . . ' ore reliable, runrnnteed and very heavy. Our price and polished: b«tt«r fhan any wa know of for any-
Tin Snucp f>nn« «<• particular news is Ot . . ;, : after Monday. $1 5». . . . . thlnjj O*.r th« price. > _ . .
r—r /55T T1 ' «n bpuce .Pans 8c. • . ¦ # . ETT» ATOTTT TOTR 67c-rive-Kaiion __- ¦
r^tV /F7l' J£jf *7fitY ' ' I>IPP'<1 «n<l tnnflp of heavy tin; hold l~\ I* 1 1 C li P C f\T All K I f 1 rfi C 1 f\C onp "' v t>* l.r»»t cpinllty pnameled; use.l fiST /SW/ *7jBf/
' XXZ&te&^^Sr/ /M/ three ond four fiuart«; worth usually ' \JY U55lICZ> UI rVH l\.lllllC>« IUL-. for Imlllng souji. ham. etc. (^^m^/^Sf/ /M/ nR\
Vt §» 5 W J^> »^ld so" ' <alC IlfrC Mon ' i0y " nd Unt " " xt> « the first emphatic offerlnB of brushes we ever made. They' re *ood brushe—brushes. we sell every F , A I,',T S ° IL ST0VES 69c~On« /$7 .t^S&i S'/^^
>^V y^ry f^^Sy yv-ic^k^) ' F ? T -' ;nTI^ G SEWING TABT/RS w«k brU ' h " yOUCanUepend r' You can't buy better brushes for 20c and 2So than we've 1 marked this T.A HH..V KTVTTVP-S ANT) FOKKS y^^/CT/ (^^SP Qs&£0?'
*& _sffl^Ote>JT)jn. _r — ! j^ 1 ~ DUSTFRS lOc-Turkey leathern; 10- I? cl 1 1 KTlCC EtiG L6SS— — OC» _ CARPET TACKS 2c-Three sizes. /JBl *l*%S*toA J^^
"•***'^*1a t » l "^B*^> %J€/GtKK&^-*^ l»«"h nnw, thnt have br>"n IDe, go on. Stovp hruchfH, Khoe hruslirn, dUMtlnR brushos— a hoaplnjr talilc full cf brui«h»!i; nil markpil nt one No*, fi, S nnd 10 ounce: In on«?-au!irtcr S^ "' >-^ray-»., J*"*^ *Ur*-*2M W\rMJ*^^^^ . . i ,
"""" •• Kfile Monday morning for lOo. hurry-up price, 10c. , ...... . . ¦ ¦ pound iiaokuReK; i-rlc* now 2c each. '" IJ *"" ' ¦' ¦ ¦ -l " **