RULER OF THE OTTOMAN EM
PIRE AND. THE FRENCH EM
BASSADOR.. ¦ I- .
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF
THE AMALGAMATED ASSO
CIATION.
"We have not heard from the other side.
We have -not placed anything before
them, and I- know of nobody, acting for
either ' side/. .We are not hunting for ar
bitration. Arbitration not representing
both sides must be worse than the strike
Itself. : Two -willing champions, one for
each side, {must have' a .worse fight in
choosing a third party and in settling the
differences than we in the continuation of
In' answer to a question, about the nu
merous stories going the rounds ; of media
tion and^ arbitration, Shaffer dismissed all
by saying: ; ¦' ¦ A •- .- -
PITTSBURG, Aug. 21.— President Shaf
fer said to-night that he has well-defined
plans to bring the great strike to a close.
This is to be done by bringing about such
a crisis in differences between the
eteel corporation and the Amalgamated
Association, as will force a settlement.
Just how. all this Is to be accomplished is
a mystery, but it Will not be by arbitra
tion or litigation. ¦ " .. : .
\ BREST^ Aug. 21.— A vessel carrylng.pas
sengers between. Pleubion^arid-,Plbugres
cant capsized : at .Treguier,; fifteen persons
being drowned, Including 'the family "r of
Antol Labraz; the novelists.
Fifteen Perish in Sea Disaster.
.Whaling . .Company's -steamer. -Grand
Grampus • met with | disaster, near j Point
Barrow on July 18. V All hands .were 'saved;'
but* the vessel was totally wrecked.. The
crew -were all rescued . by 'the : Jeanette. '
Grand Grampus Meets With Disaster,
but the Crew Succeed in r ¦'¦ .'-.
: , Escaping. - r\y^S.
SEATTLE, Aug. 21.— The Pacific Steam
VESSEL IS WRECKED
NEAR , POINT BARROW
In • addition . to these 1 plans negotiations
are ; under ; way to Include 'in the major
organization ' the American i. Ship-build
ing Company, combining in itself «the ship
yards of the Great Lakes; the Bath Iron
:'•-:"¦"•:' • • "". J ' .¦•'," ¦ '¦
and the exclusion from j the armor plate
production" of .the country of the '¦ Maxim
Machine . Gun Company, an English cor
poration. The next step in the promulga
tion of the enterprise was the purchase by
the Pennsylvania Railroad, the : Pennsyl
vania Steel Company ; and the Cambria
Steel; Company, and the. last one which
has been brought to public notice was the
Incorporation into- a ¦ single company [of
three shipyards on . the Pacific Coast, In
cluding, the Union. ;, Iron .Wsrka of . San
Francisco, the Risdon Iron Company of
San Francisco and ; ;Moran' Bros.' ship
yard 'of Seattle, \Vash. " •
¦ The , first intimation 1 of : the Intentions of
the United ' Sta.tes ¦ Steel Corporation c and
allied ' interests'; 'came'"- through" the*' recent
purchase of the Bethlehem Steel Company
f* CLEVELAND. Ohio, Aug. 2t— When
the plans now being ¦ worked out are de
veloped the American Ship-building.Com
pany. 1 with general offices > in Cleveland,
will be a constituent company to the great
corporation which shall control all of ' the
ship-building: plants 'of the United States.
The", backers of : the enterprise are the in
terests behind the United States Steel
Corporation and the Pennsylvania
road, i As "•¦> soon "as the organization is
completed/ which ' will be before the ' open-
Ing of ; 1903, 'the' commercial , battle , for 'the
conquest of the world will, begin,' !which
"when -it 'is- launched will have had; no
equal in -history.'' ,' r .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Works of Bath, Me.; the Cramp* Ship
building Company of Philadelphia, Pa. ;
Roach's shipyard of Chester, Pa.; the
Sparrows Point shipyards of Baltimore,
the Newport News shipyard and the new
yard which has but recently been started
by James J. Hill In Providence, R. I.
- The design is to take under one general
head with local management In places
where the yards are located all of the ship
producing capacity of the United States
and to govern it much after the fashion of
the management of the various plants con
stituent to the United States Steel Cor
poration. What- the capitalization is to
be is not even hinted at other than that
the Information la abroad that with the
steel plants included with the allied inter- -
ests represented it will require a capitali
zation into the hundreds of millions.
Purchase of the Bethlehem Company a Connecting Link in One of
\ the Greatest of Combinations.
Instead of long waiting and provoking
uncertainty as to when the vessel would
arrive the Evening Telegram early in the
day told just where the Teutonic was,
from which information it was easy to
calculate the exact hour when she would
reach port.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
STTOPRISES PASSENGERS
Sir Thomas Lipton Among Persons
Astounded by Work Done Near
New' York.
NEW TORK, Aug. 2L— Sir Thomas Lip
ton to-day gave voice to his opinion con
cerning the Herald's wireless telegraphy
system for reporting ships from Nantuck
et lightship. He was so enthusiastic in
praise of that enterprise as to almost for
pet the cup "lifting" purpose of his mis
sion here. }./.
A dense fog hid the lightship when the
Teutonic reached that locality, and con
tinued to 6hroud the vessel until after she
had passed from without the ken. of the
Fire Island observer. Moreover, her voy
age had been delayed, and instead of ar
riving on schedule time, which was this
forenoon, no one on board knew that her
advent had been made known in the city
until a tug ran alongside off Sandy Hook
and Mr. Barrle explained that he had
learned through the Herald's wireless
telegraphy system that the Teutonic had
been signaled off the lightship at 5:15
o'clock.
Hough, a negro, was hanged near Wa<ies
boro, N. C, to-night by a crowd of en
raged citizens. His body was then riddled
with bullets. He had criminally assaulted
Miss Lena Keith. He" attacked .his
victim while she slept,^broke a chair over
her head arid attempted to cut her throat.
The negro admitted his guilt. The Keiths
are- prominent. The negro was found a
few hours after the crime.
HOB HANGS A, NEGRO
AND SHOOTS THE BODY
Assailant of a -Woman Quickly Cap
tured and Pays Penalty for His
'Crime.
CHARLOTTE. N. C, Aug. 21.— Luke
The platform reaffirms the national
platform adopted In 1900 at Kansas City
and contains a plank on State issue de
manding reform in taxation laws, repeal
of the mulct liciuor law and enforcement
of local option law. The only contest In
the convention was on the adoption of the
platform. The struggle began In the dis
trict caucus held before the convention
convened in the morning. The anti-silver
forces succeeded In naming a majority of
the committee on resolutions. .
There was a protracted Session of this
committee, and in the afternoon a major
ity and two minority reports were sub
mitted to the convention. . The majority
report 'ignored • national Issues entirely,
confining itself exclusively to, State mat
ters. The first -minority report agreed
with" the majority report, except in a pre
amble which . affirmed the; Kansas City
platforml The second minority report dif
fered from each of, the others in its.pre
amble Only, which set out, that State"is
sues were paramount in this campaign
The minority report reaffirming 'the . Kan
sas City platform was adopted on the call
of the roll r by counties.' "amid much con
fusion; 'by 669^ to 550%. •
DES MOINES, Iowa., Aug. 21.— The
Democrats of Iowa In State convention
to-day nominated the following ticket:
Governor, Thomas J. Phillips of Ottum
wa; Lieutenant Governor, G. E. Fergu
son of Logan; Judge of the Supreme
Court, John Shortley of Dallas; Superin
tendent of Schools, W. P. Johnson of Car
roll: Railroad Commissioner,, A. C. Brice
of Bedford.
and Tax- Law Reform Is
Demanded.
Kansas City Platform Is Reaffirmed
DEMOCRATS OF IOWA
• NOMINATE A TICKET
"No naval action on the part of France
has yet been decided on. . The stories in
the papers to the effect that French war
ships are under orders to be in readiness
to proceed to the Bosporus have no foun
dation in fact. Such a measure' might, of
"If the Sultan does not keep the prom
ises which he made at the last audience,"
continued the Informant, "we will have
to recall M. Constans and eend the Turk
ish Embassador his passports. A solu
tion one way or the other is probable
within the next two days." :
Replying to a question the Foreign Of
fice official said: '¦¦/.** ¦£';_ \.) ; *? '.
Thereupon M. Constans declined to ne
gotiate any further or to hold other com
munica.tlon with the Porte, and referred
the matter to the French Foreign Office.
His dispatch to that effect arrived last
night. As the matter stands relations
between M. Constans and the Porte are
broken off, but France and Turkey are
still in diplomatic' relations through the
Turkish Embassador at Paris.
Embassador, agreed to send to him on
the same or the following day a document
giving, complete satisfaction to France re
garding the claims of French citizens and
in the matter of the quays, in accordance
with the terms arranged between the
Sultan and M. Constans verbally. In
stead of doing- this, the Sultan waited
until yesterday, when he sent M. Con
stans a document, the terms of which dif
fered essentially from those arranged at
the audience.
The Sultan at the last audience which
he granted to M. Constans, the French
PARIS, Aug. 2L— A high official of the
Foreign Office said to-day that the ex
act situation at Constantinople Is as fol
lows:
Turkish Minister His Passports.
Otherwise France Will Hand -the
SULTAN MUST KEEP FAITH.
Report That Naval Display Will Be
"" Made in- Turkish. Waters.
' PARIS, Aug. 22.-The Matin this morn
ing announces .that' the French second
class cruiser Cassard started' for Turkish
waters yesterday and.. that a naval divi
sion Is ready. to follow.
FRANCE SENDING "WARSHIPS.
The Foreign Minister also gave formal
assurances that the agreement would be
carried out, so In view of this breach "of
faith M. Constans holds that it is impossi
ble for France to continue diplomatic re
lations with Turkey. s
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 21.— The
French. Embassador, M. Constans,
has notified the Sultan's first sec
retary that all diplomatic relations
between France and Turkey are
broken off and that the Embassador has
informed his Government to that effect.
M. Constans communicated direct with
the Sultan because the latest negotiations
were transacted with the Sultan person
ally. . .
The Embassador Justifies his action on
the ground that the Sultan broke his di
rect, personal'promise, given to M. Con
stans at an audience in the Yildiz Palace
on Thursday, regarding the purchase of
the quays and the settlement of the dis
puted French claims. ..,.'•'
The morning papers to-day, commenting
upon the Franco-Turkish situation, con
sider that the action .of M. Constans was
fully justified. They do not anticipate any
serious results, believing the Sultan will
ultimately yield.
Europe Is , Growing Weary of the
Tactics of the Sultan.
LONDON, Aug. 22.— Diplomatic opinion
in London generally .approves of the
French action- toward Turkey. It ap
pears that the chancellories of Europe
have been considerably annoyed by the
Sultan's, recent efforts to reassert him
self and to shake off the limited control
.exercised by Europe over certain parts of
his administration. The Sultan's dispatch
of a mission to the Far East was also
displeasing to the great powers. The lat
ter, therefore, are expected to generally
welcome France's rebuff of the Sultan.
FRENCH ACTION APPROVED
American Federation officials secured
bail for the prisoners, who are charged
with disorderly conduct, but the magts*
trate refused to accept it. The men will
have a hearing in the morning.
Seven strikers were arrested near the
gates of the Pennsylvania Tin Works in
Soho. When the whistle blew at 5:30 a
crowd of about 1500 gathered to give a
warm reception to ¦ any workers who
might come from the mill. None came,
but the crowd became noisy and the large
force of policemen on hand ran the lead
ers, all foreigners, into the mill office and
called the patrol.
Non-union workers are 'scheduled to ar
rive in Pittsburg.at 1:50 in the morning,
their destination being either Demmler or
the Star Tin Works.
the strike. I have told the other side that
personally I would consent for disinterest
ed arbitration in the' hands of such public
men as Archbishop Ireland. Bishop Potter
and Seth Low. Although I did not as an
officer of the association suggest such a
move, I was willing to advise it." . ,
course, "become -necessary, but that even
tuality has not 'yet been considered by
the French Government."
BILLION DOLLAR STEEL TRUST
TO CONTROL ALL SHIP BUILDING
Rossland Strike May Soon End.
SPOKANE, Aug. 21.— The satisfactory
"settlement of the , big mining strikes at
Rossland and Northport Is "predicted by
C. H. Mclntosh, formerly manager and
still an influential stockholder In the prop
erties Involved. He says that a meeting
of stockholders will be held in London on
August 29, at which a committee will be
named to confer with the striking miners
and smelter men. Concessions probably
will be made by both slde3 and contracts
drawn up for a term of years which will
result in the satisfactory operation of the
mills and smelter. Nearly 1000 miners are
now on strike at Rossland and several
hundred smelter men at Northport.
numerous electrical appliances and before
accepting the position of head of the elec
trical engineering department of the
Western University of Pennsylvania ho
worked under Edison.
Professor Fessenden will report his ob
servations to the weather bureau. He Is
a student of electricity and a scientist as
well. Some years ago he Invented a teles
cope which will enable soldiers to detect
the location of hostile forces using smoke
less powder. "The professor has invented
When The Call first broached the plan
of erecting a wireless telegraph station
on the Farallones under Government aus
pices Secretary Wilson wired to A. G."
McAdle. the weather forecast official at
San Francisco, promising to install such
a plant as soon as it was demonstrated
beyond doubt that a system could be suc
cessfully operated. The department has
been conducting experimenting In secret
and has met with success. Now that the
•weather bureau officials on the Nantucket
lightship have successfully communicated
with a ship far out at sea steps will im
mediately be taken to install a like tys
tem on the Farallones.
Station at the Farallones.
The Call and Herald have established a
pystem of wireless telegraphy at Nan
tucket and the success of this system was
assured on Friday last when the watchers
at the observation station on the Nan
tucket lightship succeeded in communicat
ing with Captain McKay of the Cunard
line steamship Lucania, receiving the fol
lowing dispatch from him: "All well on
board. We are 2S7. miles from Sandy
Hook and with clear weather expect to
reach New York harbor Saturday. Please
inform Cunard agents."
Appreciating the value of wireless tel
egraphy The Call has been working en
ergetically to secure the installation of
this EyEtem on the Farallones. Interviews
¦with Congressmen. Senators, professional
men and merchants of California printed
in the columns of that paper showed the
efficacy and value of such a system.
The Call enjoys the distinction of being
the first newspaper in the United States
to use the Marconi system of telegraphing
¦without wires. In 1S99, when the army
transport Sherman, bearing the returning
California volunteers, neared San Fran
cisco, •word was transmitted to the anx
ious people of the city that the Sherman
¦would eoon be In port. Following this
successful achievement the New York
Herald and Tbe -Call save realistic ¦de
scriptions of the International yacht race
by means of wireless telegraphy.
Triumph of New Telegraph.
It Is due to the continued effort of the
San Francisco Call that the professor has
been sent ' to Nantucket. On August 10
"Willis L. Moore, Acting Secretary of Ag
riculture, telegraphed the various mem
bers of the California delegation in Con
gress that Secretary of Agriculture Wil
eon was alive to the Interests of the Pa
cific Coast and under his direction he was
bending every effort to either secure from
others or perfect by their own investiga
tors a system that could be installed at
the Farallones.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21,-Professor Reg
inald A. Fessenden. one of the foremost
electrical experts of this country, will be
6ent to Nantucket by the United States
¦weather bureau of the Agricultural De
partment to assist in the transmission of
•wireless telegraph reports and to take
part in the extensive experimenting now
going on in that place under the auspices
of the San Francisco Call and the New
Tork Herald. Upon his report will depend
the establishment of a system of wireless
telegraphy on the Farallon Islands in the
Pacific Ocean.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'. A petition for the removal of Judge
Noyes and District Attorney Wood is be
iner circulated in "Nome. The steamer
Senator, which will arrive here the week
after. next, probably will bring out the
petition. . ; • : .
United States Marshal Vawter, who
also was a passenger on the, steamer
Oregon, has a keenly whetted knife out
for Judge Noyes. He intends to go direct
to Washington^ and see the President.
Marshal Vawter, who has refused at all
times to become a member of the Fed
eral ring,, says that when the proper
time arrives he will give a few facts that
will startle everybody interested in the
Alaskan scandal. . '¦•¦-..¦
District Attorney Wood ( told a friend
here to-night that he did not intend to be
punished for contempt when he had ev
idence that would place all the blame
upon Judge Noyes' shoulders.
"I will pull nis nose when he arrives in
Seattle," said District Attorney Wood on
the way down from Nome.
Just about the time the Roanoke sailed
Wheeler , went aboard and got Judge
Noyes' signature to an' order giving sev
eral clients -of his possession of a mining
property claimed by clients of District At
torney Wood. The District Attorney be
came very wrathy and publicly made sen
sational accusations reflecting upon the
Judge's probity.
Cause of the Falling Out.
Judge Noyes was accompanied by C.
S. A. Frost, former representative of the
Department of Justice, but now; Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney of the Second Divis
ion of the District of Alaska. ; The Judge's
sudden departure from 'Nome .left, the
legal affairs of the canip in a state, of
chaos. V:. ; .
To the residents of Nome the going of
Judge Noyes, District Attorney Wood and
several minor attaches^of the Federal
clique is Interesting., Both . "Wood "and
Noyes have; been cited' to appear before
the Circuit Court of Appeals in San Fran
cisco on October. 14 to show -cause why
they should not be punished for contempt
for. their actions ia-th&'iihimiiibth' McICen*
zie deal of, last summer.^- Both agreed, ac
cording to ,the Information given out ; by
their adherents in Nome, that. they should
leave Nome at an earlier date in order to
obtain speedy trials. ' In the event of their
acquittal they could return to assume
charge 'of the Federal affairs during the
winter.
The day before the steamer Roanoke
sailed A. K. Wheeler. Judge Noyes' pri
vate secretary, and John McGinn, District
Attorney Woods' assistant, became in
volved in a fist fight in the j courtroom,
and this practically opened the hostilities
between Noyes and Wood.
Hope for Early Trials.
Judge Noyes left Nome" on;. th"e . steamer
Roanoke on August 12 and probably will
arrive to-morrow or the day after. He
was tendered a parting ovation that he
is not likely to forget. His departure from
Nome was unexpected and was a great
surprise to the citizens of the town. One
thousand or more persons', who had
gathered on the beach to bid adieu- to
friends joined in hooting Noyes.
SEATTLE; Aug." 21.— United States Dis
trict Judge Arthur Noyes and United
States District Attorney Joseph K. "Wood,
who stood by one another .through thick
and thin throughout the Nome scandals,
have at last fallen out. District Attorney
Wood, who arrived here to-night on the
steamship Oregon, has no hesitancy in
avowing his bitter hatred -for Judge
Noyes, which developed only a' few hours
before the former left Nome. ;'¦',
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Both Are Now on Their Way to San
Francisco to Stand Trial for,'
Alleged Contempt of * ~
' . Court.
District Attorney Hints "That
He Will Testify Against
the Judge.
3tesnlt of Further Experiments Under
Auspices of The Call and New
York Herald Awaited
With Interest
Noted Scientist to Make
Observations at Nan
tucket
Members of Nome's Fed
eral Clique Have Pall
* ing^ Out.
Professor Fessenden to
Report on the
Project.
FARMLLONES
FOR WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
JUDGE NOYES
MAKES BITTER
FOE OF WOOD
CONSTANS OBJECTS
TO THE DUPLICITY
OF TURKISH SULTAN
Abdul Hamid Fails to Keep Personal.Prom
ises on the Quays Controversy and French
Embassador Breaks Diplomatic Relations
MANAGERS PROPOSE TO REOPEN
IDLE STEEL MILLS WITH FORCE
OF IMPORTED NON-UNION MEN
¦ " ¦ *
According to the Leaders of ; the Big Strike Only Twenty Workers
Who Were Formerly Members- of the Amalgamated Association
Have Gone Back to Labor in Properties That Are Underthe Ban
VOLlfllE XC-NO. 83.
PRICE FIVE CENTa
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1901.
The San Francisco Call.
PITTSBURG, "Aug. 21.— The steel
strike situation* underwent ! ho
change to-day. There was no ex
tension of the strike and the steel
managers did not attempt to start
any more mills. Late in the day the fires
were lighted in the Demmler, Tin Plate
Works at McKeespprt, but the machinery
was not started and no. attempt was made
to operate it. If is believed, however, that
the move Ms. preliminary to a start with
non-union men. The ; managers , of ths
company have been preparing for several
days to reopen a number of their proper
ties, "and it is thought they have decided
to act 'at once. Their Monessen plant is
moving ahead uninterruptedly with full
crews, and their Crescent Works at Cleve
land has about half the machines in ope
ration. There has/been no break In the
Carnegie group, and the mills that have
been started with non-union men since
the strike began are going ahead with
about the same force of men. j The leaders
on either side were busy. all day, but at
nightfall both said there were no an
nouncements to make. I
President Shaffer was at the office of
the Amalgamated Association all day and
spent most of the time conferring with
delegations of strikers. _
According to the strike leaders, only
twenty men who' were formerly members
of the Amalgamated Association '-. have
gone to work in mills that are now. being
operated partly or in full 'with non-union
men. The steel managers place the num
ber of desertions at a bigger figure. ;
Assistant Secretary Tighe of the Amal
gamated Association raid to-day that he
wa3 still of . the opinion that most ' of the
men In the South Chicago mills would be
out before the end of the week. •¦¦¦--•¦Joseph Rich, a pioneer merchant of Cal
ifornia, died at his residence. 108 Oak
street, yesterday of old age. He was 96
years old and had been a resident of Cali
fornia since 1849. He Is survived by three
sons, all of whom are members of the
firm of A. J. Rich & Co. of this city and
two daughters, who live In New York
The funeral will take place to-day at 11-15
a. m. from his late residence, 108 Oak
sti eet. Interment will be in Home of
Peace Cemetery.
Death of Aged Joseph Rich.
tloned at the naval training station on An
gel Island, is among the missing and both
the army and navy authorities are anx
ious to learn his whereabouts. Monday
night he secured a skiff and reached Oak
land Long Wharf. He has not been seen
or heard from since, and there is some
tall swearing at the training station in
consequence. Brann borrowed from every
one who would loan and then. It is
claimed, resorted to stealing It
caught he will not -only be classed
as a deserter but will have to
answer for robbing some of his officers*
k u tS- m Bra , nn ? aa *°™nerly«a member of
the Twelfth Infantry band, but deserted
when the regiment was ordered on active
service. Then he came to the coast and
joined the Angel Island naval band. He
Is now a deserter from both branches of
the service.
The Grand Council -will open at 9:30
o'clock this morning, and this evening
the work of the session will probably be
concluded. In the evening there will be
the banquet at which Judge A. F. St. Sure
of Alameda will be the toastmaster. Judge
Frank J. Murasky, past grand president.
The announcement was made that Arch
bishop yRiordan ' had been invited to visit
the Grand Council anu that he had prom
ised to.do so at 2 o'clock this afternoon,
at.which'timehe will address the grand
officers and the delegates.
t. The special business of the afternoon
¦will' be --the nomination and election of of
ficers,, which will follow immediately after
the 1 address of the Archbishop.
! During the day the special committee on
the memorial on the late Stephen M.
White, who was a member of the order,
will, present its report, after which Su
preme President Kierce will deliver a
eulogy.
' It was resolved that the representatives
from the Grand Council of the Pacific
jurisdiction to the Supreme Council be re
quested -to-* use -their *.best endeavors to
have tha+- body hold triennial, instead of
biennial sessions. * *'".
Father Brennan, who, at the' time of his
death, was the chaplain of Menlo Council
of-Menlo Park, which were adopted by a
risins vote." - . • :
An Angel ' Island Deserter.
;J. Brann. a member. of the band sta-
To being "photographed, but if«-you have
one of. our.newest' model 1 Premo, Poco or
Eastman cameras you can take snapshots
of • all V subjects „ from kings v to ~ papooses.
Fresh 1 photographic supplies ' and novelties
of all kinds. Sanborn, Vail - & • Co., 741
Market street. ' _-:._ - •
Boyalty ! Objects
The ste vedores' are meeting, with cbnsld
ertible success In securing men s for work
at Port Costa. • Twenty i non-union men
were sent up there ; yesterday '< by ! Menzles
& : Co.' and Captain Bennett of ; the firm' of
Bennett & i Goodall sent" up ¦ ai launch full
of them.' Captain Bennett said yesterday:
More Men Sent to Port Costa.
.-'• Fred Wessels, the ' striker, who was ar
rested Tuesday for "being implicated • In
the disturbance on Eighth street between
Folsom and Howard, .was booked at the
City Prison- yesterday,- by Policeman Cul-
Unaneon a charge of, battery. ; He Is ac
cused of : throwing- the > rock that hit the
boy Eddie Turner. - •-. : , - . •¦
"Wessels Charged .With. Battery.
W. R. Van Brunt of the Chemical En
gine Works, 215 . Bay street, j secured a
•w Arrant from y Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of two men on a charge of
battery. John Weyler, an employe of the
company, was on his way home Tuesday
evening and at Leavenworthand Jackson
streets he was attacked by two strikers,
who ; beat him into insensibility. He is
confined «to bed. The names of the two
men are not known, but Weyler, who
lives on '.Glover street, '¦: says " he' would
know them again. *¦ ,
Beaten Into Insensibility.
.Elmer Black, the non-union teamster
who was arrested for assault to murder
for shooting /Wllllani ¦: Fulmer, another
non-union teamster,- in Daniel Cutter's
stables,: 845 Harrison street, Tuesday
night, appeared. in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday. He was instructed as to his
rights - and; the case was continued till
August 28. Black still persists that the
shooting was accidental. ;¦ Kulmer was
taken to ttfe - City and County Hospital
yesterday. . His condition is serious. , . , •
• Fulmer's Condition Serious.
The members of the 'committee of one
hundred discussed the matter of a com
promise with the employes,- but no deci
sive action was taken. Another meeting
is looked for. to-day. » ¦-. ; - .
The strike situation was discussed at a
conference in Attorney Michael's . office
yesterday, at which were present. Joseph
Rothschild, M. H. Robert, Charles Al
pers, W. H. Miller and Attorney Michael.
The gentlemen first named are members
of the committee of one hundred, and
their purpose was to secure ; from Attor
ney Michael a definite statement as to the
attitude of the Employers' Association to
ward the strikers. - Mr. Michael referred
to the letter. of the association issued on
August 2, in which the views of that body
were clearly expressed. He added that no
deviation from that ultimatum might be
looked for. ¦ » . , ' -
Conference of Mediators.
Thomas Nagl, the Japanese steward on
the schooner Lillebonne, was treated at
the Harbor Emergency Hospital last night
for:a badly lacerated scalp. The 'wounds
were inflicted, the Japanese said, by a
man -who stopped him at the corner of
Spear and Main streets and struck him
with a club. .-¦¦•" ¦ ¦
Frank ¦ Krumley of 1138 Howard street
was attacked ;ty a gang of men at the
corner of Eighth and Howard streets last
night and badly beaten. He walked to
the Emergency Hospital; where Dr. Mc-
Elroy put several stitches In his lip, cheek
and scalp. Krumley says he is a driver of
his own team and •' knows of no reason
why he should te attacked. . ''.."
Strikers Beat Non-TJnion Men.
OAKLAND, Aug. - 21.— The published
statement that the wholesale lumbermen
of San Francisco propose to boycott all
planing mill owners who shall maintain
the agreement to unionize their mills on
September 1 Is declared to be without any
foundation in fact by the .managers of
such wholesale firms as are engaged In
business in this city. Some of the planing
mill owners say they have assurance that
the wholesalers will demand the discon
tinuance of the use of union labels on Sep
tember 1, when the agreement made six
months ago between the Planing Mill As
sociation and the operatives' union com
promised a strjke. George W. Fisher
manager of the Puget Sound Lumber
Company, said:
"There has been no refusal nor is there
any refusal intended to sell to mills with
union hands. -The fact is that the mill's
generally buy from the retail dealers."
Hugh Hogan of the Humboldt Lumber
Company says he knows of no such move
as a boycott under contemplation by the
lumber dealers. - ,. .
The coal teamsters employed by James
P. Taylor who went on strike have re
fused to return to work. Taylor says ha
will fill their places as fast as he can,
three new drivers groins to work to-day.
No Millmen's Boycott.
At the meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners held yesterday it was decided to
reduce the State's force employed on the
front. This action was taken because of
the great reduction in revenue caused. by
the strike. It was decided to suspend the
following named employes for an Indefi
nite period from September 1: A. "Whorf,
D. O'Brien, George Chadwlck, Frank Nor
ton, Walter Frost, H. !L. Corwin, R. E.
Shaw, "W.- Memdell. R. E. Fahey, J. R.
Rowan, M. Dunn, :W. M. Brady,. L. J.
Conlan.C. A. Murray, E.' Sweeney, H.
Jacobs and J. P. Bowen. ~ George Gibson
and George Wells were also suspended In
definitely from August 24. • -
A communication was received from C.
T. Bowring, asking for a rebate on the
wharfage of the collier . Pleiades, which
has not been able to discharge owing to
the 6trike. ¦ The request was denied by
the Commissioners:, ; " ;-fv->-
State Employes Suspended.
JVM. Sullivan, secretary of the Grocers'
Protective Association, Charles Alpers
and "William^JI. Barnes also spoke, and
the meeting adjourned without any ac
tion being taken .with the object of bring
ing strikers and employers to an agree
ment. v ¦
J. Aubrey Jones- was introduced by
Chairman Kenney as the man who would
"analyze the strike," and he made an ad
dress along the line suggested.
H. V. Morehouse was introduced as the
first speaker of the evening.. He spoke of
the formation of the Municipal Federation
and its efforts in behalf of. harmony.
Every attempt made to secure from the
Employers' • Association an agreement to
arbitrate the strike by meeting the
strikers had met .with failure.
We are willing: to meet a committee of the
Employers' Association or any committee hold
ins proper credentials from them at any time
or any place. In order to adjust existing differ
ences, to the end that Industrial activity may
be., restored. ¦ '. '¦¦¦.,.
"W. J. Kenney, who presided, opened the
meeting with the statement that it was
the desire of the retail merchants of the
city that the strike be brought to a speedy
close. To this end .a mass-meeting had
been called In the hope that- the senti
ments evoked at the meeting might have
their influence upon those : in whose
power it lay to end the controversy. '
H. S. Parry explained that the City
Front Federation was willing to meet the
Employers' Association on an equal foot
ing. To this end Andrew. Furuseth, secre
tary of the Sailors' Union and a member
of the executive committee of the City
Front Federation, had signed the follow
ing agreement: • ¦
, Retail merchants and the public gener
ally, including not a few women,' gath
ered in force at Metropolitan Temple last
night to listen to oratory in the interest
of the settlement of the strike on a basis
satisfactory to the employer as well as to
the employed. =
Metropolitan Temple.
Merchants 'Listen to Addresses ' at
STRIKE IS DISCUSSED.
• The -number of men returning to work Is not
large and were only a few of the molders. and
Borne of those who returned on last Monday
morning have again come out and Joined forces
with . the Molders' Union ; once more. As for
the other iron trades on strike I can state
positively that in the' thirteen weeks of th»
4000 or 5000 men who have been on strike there
have, not been over twelve desertions Irom the
ranks. I further wish to state that there is
only one union connected with the iron trades'
6trike who came out immediately in sympathy
with the machinists' move for the shorter work,
day a.nd that was the Ship Joiners, and at the
present time they are out on a sympathetic
strike with the other unions on the water front.
As for the other unions connected with the
iron trades' strike each and all of them made
the request for the nine-hour day with no re
duction in pay. » •¦ ' .
The task of getting machinists in the East to
come -and take our plates has not been suc
cessful, for at the end of three months there
is not one shop in this city that has been ablo
to get enough men to say that they are doing
any work at all. Jn fact we know that the
men hired .and called skilled mechanics are
not capable of filling the bill, neither are they
doing the work, but are kept in the different
shops merely as a 'bluff, and the statement
given out that the different, shops are running
full handed or almost bo is very far from the
truth. I have information from our lodge in
the East .that the employment agencies are
offering from 50 cents to $1 a day more for men
to come here to take our places than the iron
trades are asking, and we deem this a direct
refutation of the statements made by the em-,
plovers that they . cannot grant us the nine
hour day with no reduction in pay as against
Eastern competition. We will admit the fact
that the wages paid on this coast are somewhat
higher than paid in the East, but we are also v
brought face to face .with the condition that
all kinds of material, household supplies, etc.,
are Just as much higher comparatively as
wages. r. I. WISLBR.
. Replying to the statement in one of the
morning papers with reference to the machin
ists strike. I wish to make a correction of the
Impression that the statement In the aforesaid
morning paper would lead one to believe. One
might infer that the machinists' strike was
broken .and that the men were ¦ gradually re
turning to work. Such is not the case, as the
machinists and other iron trades are standing
just as firmly now as they did on the 20th of
May and with more determination than ever to
win than at that time. They realize that this
Is a fight .for the very existence of the trade
union movement and after being out thirteen
weeks are not ' inclined to give In, having
learned in that time how to put up a good fight
and. the statement- made that the strike is
broken is false.
Are Standing Finn.
The following statement' was issued last
evening by. the secretary of the Iron
Trades Council :
Secretary Wisler Says Machinists
STRIKE IS NOT BROKEN.
; A Resolution .was introduced asking for.
the 'appointment of a committee from the
Grand Council to act lniconjunction:wlth
a committee of Pioneer Council- NO. 1 to
tender a reception to General James F.
Smith upon his return I front :the> Philip
pines. General Smith holds his-member
ship in Pioneer Oouncil and he- is- also- a
past grand president of the order. The
resolution was adopted bv a unanimous
vote and a committee was named, con
sisting of 'Rev. Father J. P. McQualde, R.
J Tobin, Joseph Cosgrove. J. E. Richards;
Neal Power, all the past grand presidents,
the grand president and the grand secre
tary. The joint committee will make the
necessary arrangements and be prepared
to receive the general upon his return,
which may be within the next few weeks.
A special committee, consisting of G. E.
Lucas, Rev. Father J. A. Grant and Rev.
Dr. F. X. Morrison, presented a series of
resolutions to the memory of the late* Rev.
decide it as I have indicated." to hold that un
der the circumstances it is questionable in my
mind whether, strictly and technically speak
ing, Mr. Knight at that time had the right to
us? his club, and secondly, assuming that he
had the right, it Is Just as questionable
whether he had the right, even more ques
tionable whether he had the right to apply
the force he did apply and in the manner he
applied It. I want to eay ! that the sentence
will be mitigated by all the circumstances of
the case. In other words, I do not propose to
hanjr this man. but I simply feel it my duty
in this case, as in all cases, to decide it ac
cording- to the law and according to the evi
dence bearing upon the matter in hand, as I
understand the law in fact to be. Hence, in
formal words now, this being the time ap
pointed for the. decision, of the court, I will
announce my decision to be that the defendant
is adjudged guilty as charged. - * ;
* T the third session of the Grand
/V Council of 'the Young Men's ln-
AjV' stitute ! yesterday' a new office was
A, ,^\' created: ; . that of i honorary grand
•': chaplain^ As yet no one lias been
selected for : the office, ..but it is believed
that 'It' will " beVcohferred ¦ o"n ¦ Archbishop
RiordanV-l ¦" ' ¦'.-¦ .-'-¦''" ' '• - ¦ " '•"' ' V '.V- \' ; JT»ft
The Reillys-Drennan, left field; Streib,
center field; Reitz, second base; Atherson,
shortstop; Reilly, first base; Dunleavy,
third . base; Eagan, left field; Spies,
catcher, and Johnson, pitcher.
Lohman3— Franks, third base; Bowman,
left field; Hutchinson, first base; House
holder, center field; Kelley, shortstop;
Babbitt, pitcher; -Jones, right field; Ar
relanes, second base.
Apprentices— Manning, second base;
RoonejTfirst base; Warnholtz, pitcher and
shortstop; Smith, right field; Atthos, left
field; Welsh, third base; Hasset, catcher;
Milestone, center field; Kimble, pitcher
and shortstop. . . - . \
"Following the machinists and appren
tices' game, two teams chosen from the
Los Angeles and Oakland Clubs played.
A J5 hat was offered as a prize to the
player who would succeed in making the
longest hit. . So productive of heavy hit
ting did the contest for the prize .prove
that it was reported that "Uncle" Harrl3
intends hereafter to make it a regular
feature of the . game. Five home rung
were made, while three and two base hits
without number were\secured. Drennan,
Streib, Reitz, Atherson and Dunleavy all
made the circuit on a single hit and are
therefore tied for the hat. • •
C. Reilly acted as captain of one side,
while Lohman conducted the maneuvers
of the other. Babbitt pitched for the Loh
mans and Johnson for the; Reillys. The
Reillys finally won out by- a score of 8 to
7. The teams were:
Journeymen Machinists — Delmas, short
stop; Fred Warnholtz, pitcher; J. Carter,
first base; W. Carter, left field;- Maden,
right field; Merrill, catcher; Cannon, cen
ter field; Luke, third base, and McCor
mack, second base.
The line-up of the team was as follows
The first game was between the appren
tices and the journeymen machinists.' It
proved easy money for the latter aggrega
tion. Fred Warnholtz, who officiated In
the box for the winners, kept the appren
tices guessing and did not allow them to
take too much freedom with his assort
ment of shoots and twisters. The rule
was strictly enforced.
If the number of new balls which were
batted over the fence yesterday afternoon
at Recreation Park and disappeared into
the pockets of the small boys count for
anything, the two games which were
played for the benefit of the striking ap
prentices were certainly flattering suc
cesses. The small boys reaped a rich har
vest. The benefit, however, needed no out
side, incident to insure its success, as the
bleachers and the reserved seat section
both were crowded. About 2500 people
witnessed the games. \
tracts a Large Crowd.
Benefit for Striking Apprentices At-
MACHINISTS PLAY BASEBALL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BENICIA, Aug. 21.— There came very
near being a tragedy enacted on this side
of the straits this evening by a gang of
striking Btevedores from Port Costa and
a deputy constable with a company of
non-union laborers for the - Warehouse
men's Association. A representative of
the association arrived here on the Sac
ramento local with a gang' of about twen
ty-five laborers ; and attempted to take
them from the train at Army wharf. In
the meantime the stevedores had received
news of this. move and a large posse of.
them came across the straits on the ferry!
Solano to prevent the non-union men
crossing. They marched in a body toward
Arsenal station and the association's rep-'
resentative, . fearing trouble,- called on
Colonel Mordecai, commanding Benicia
arsenal, who placed a guard of United
States soldiers near the wharf to prevent
any act of violence. The workmen were
taken away on the launch, but the rep
resentative on his way back north was
assailed in the railway station here and
knocked down and kicked almost into
insensibility. ¦ •
A Contra Costa' deputy constable was
sent ever -to heljvkeep order, but he 'soon
found he was out of his jurisdiction upon
being relieved of his club and revolver and
receiving a little rough treatment.
Sheriff . Veale of « Contra Costa County
has been called upon for more protection
and. a large force of deputies is .now
guarding the water front from Port Costa
to Crockett. There has been considerable
friction on the bother side, and if the em
ployers attempt to put non-union men at
work it is feared hostilities will commence
in earnest. . . . - -
"I am getting all the men I want for
work up the bay. "While It is true that
they know nothing about handling grain
or stowing cargoes, I make up in numbers
for their lack of skill. I have secured so
many men that I do not think I will ever
be put to the necessity of calling upon
the unions for help again."
The. first of the deep water ships to
break the Port Costa Blockade Is the Brit
ish tramp steamer Tasmania. She will be
brought down to-day laden with 5000. tons
of wheat and Will be ready to put to sea
immediately. '
The Cymbeline is almost fully loaded
and the Foyledale has a large quantity
of flour aboard. Men are at work on
nearly all the vessels tied up at Port
Costa, and the grain merchants claim
that, considering conditions, they have
made good progress toward reducing the
idle fleet.
POX/ECEMAIT FOUND GrTTILTY.
Judge Cabaniss Holds That Knight
Overstepped His Authority.
Judge Cabaniss gave his decision yester
day morning in the case of Policeman O.
H. Knight, charged with battery. He
finds' the officer guilty as charged, but
sentence was postponed till .Saturday,
Knight's attorney, Joseph Coffey, having
given. notice of appeal.. .. _ ;',:.; .<*¦•-.
The action v against ; Knight was brought
on'-, complaint - of James ¦ Maddison,- . a
marine engineer, f On Monday, August 12,
two firemen were fighting on East street
in front of the Oceanic dock. Knight and
other . officers cleared the crowd- away.
Maddison i was moving away slowly when
Knight told him to move on. Maddison,
called the officer a vile name and the of
ficer struck him on the back, as he claims,
with his club. 'The club glanced and in
flicted a scalp wound. on the side of Mad
dlson's head. ¦ . . -
Judge Cabaniss' decision follows in full:
The court* intimated in a very general way
when this matter was here the other day Its
view as to the law governing the matter,
stating then that its apprehension was not
that there would be any difficulty with refer
ence to the law, but that, as is so often the
case, any nice Question which might' arise In
the matter would have to ¦ do with the evi
dence rather I than with the law. I read very
carefully, and more than once, each and every
citation submitted to me by Mr. Coffey, the
attorney for the defendant, and that careful
reading confirmed my own judgment as to
what the law was. . • . • .
Now, without going in extenso into the mat
ter, it is enough to say generally that I take
it that there is and there can be no question
as to the right or even the duty of the police
officer where a crowd of persons have assem
bled under circumstances which lead him to
believe that that assemblage will, if not dis
persed, result In a breach of the peace, to first
of all, as the law points out, order them to
disperse, and in the event of their failure so
to do to use every endeavor to forcibly. If
necessary, effect a dispersion. That is clear.
It is equally clear, I think, from the evidence
here, that there was on the occasion In ques
tion a concourse of people somewhere on East
street in the vicinity of the Oceanic dock, and
that several officers engaged in duty there. In
cluding the defendant. Officer Knight, were
apprehensive that unless that crowd waa dis
persed more or less serious trouble would en
sue, and they therefore did, according to their
tAra statements, ! and according to the state
ments of the witnesses generally, disperse the
crowd. •-
Now, the one point in this matter which
seems to me to be absolutely decisive of the
case, technically speaking-, and it 1 a with the
law, technically speaking-, that I am com
pelled to deal, with this reservation; that
where a person Is charred by the law, as a
police officer is with more or less onerous
duties, which upon occasions ¦ of emergency
such as has been \ presented here, which de
mand that he act promptly and sometimes
vigorously, without- taking time . for serious
consideration, I would be disposed within reas
onable limits- to sustain an officer who, under
such circumstances, in the exercise, as he un
derstood it, of, his duties, even if In. some par
ticulars he ¦ may naye overstepped the bound
ary - a hair's breadth, 'but in this matter,
while I have considered It from that aspect
and have been prone as I conceive it my duty
to have been to give the benefit of any reas
onable doubt. to this defendant, yet I cannot
escape the conviction - that those authorities
submitted by Mr. Coffey are not in point, -and
for this, reason: The evidence - all . tends to
show, more or less persuasively' that at the
time of the occurrence which i resulted - In ' Of
ficer Knight's arrest the crowd had been dis
persed, or rather, if not dispersed, ¦ had been
shifted by the officers from the original scene
of the gathering to another point, and it was
testified | by the officers themselves that the
complaining witness in this case did not move
with the crowd, or if he did move, did not
move with celerity,, and at the time of this
Occurrence was not a part and parcel o'f the
crowd— was I some I distance | from ¦ the crowd.
This transaction, therefore,' is subsequent in
poiht of time to the original episode, namely,
the dispersion of the crowd, and so far as this
complaining witness is concerned he was there
alone, practically, and had chosen, as he says,.
because of i his physical condition, but as the
officer evidently thought through perverse
ness, ; not to move , on. Now, if he did. that
right in the midst of tHe crowd, even -though
his purpose in mingling with : the crowd had
been not to violate the - law ¦¦ but to . conserve
the law, as he says, in fact, was his purpose,
and that for ' the ;¦ reason where there is- a
crowd-assembled and where there. are at least
some people in the crowd who, according to
the view of the officer and according to < the
facts as revealed by the evidence, persons who
were more or less inclined, to acts of lawless
ness, ! it is under those circumstances, I take It,
as much the duty; of a citizen who goes there
to preserve the peace to move on, as it is the
duty, of any person in that crowd who may be
more or less lawlessly disposed so. to do. - ¦
¦¦\ To | -what | extent the members of ¦ tfiat I crowd
•were lawlessly disposed, or if they were how
many of the crowd were so disposed, of course,
cannot be accurately determined from the evi
dences nor is it necessary it should be. - It is
enough In that regard to know there had' been
a flight, a scrimmage of some sort there, and
that.it attracted a large crowd, ' and : that the
officers believed unless that ' crowd was scat
tered trouble and more serious ¦ trouble might
ensue, but ' so far as this transaction' is con
cerned-It stands separate and apart;*, in a legal
point of view,; from -th« . main demonstration
there," and it becomes - my ' duty, therefore, to
"We are in a position to know that fully
thirty molders would have gone back to
the Union Iron Works had it not been
that many feared personal violence by
adopting that course. We have proof that
from $5 to $10 Is being paid to persons for
every assault made upon union men who
return to work. As for. the charge that
we were bribed to go back to the 1 works,
the statement Is ¦ simple nonsense; The
fact Is that we went back with the full
knowledge that we were to accept the old
schedule of hours and wages. After being
out thirteen weeks or thereabouts we
have simply accepted conditions which we
might have enjoyed a.l along without the
loss of a single day's pay. The most of
the molders went- out without their free
"President Martin Fox of the National
Union informed the men of the Occidental
foundry that they.thould not strike with
out authority from the national body. The
result was that after being out a few days
they returned to *vork. Vice President
Valentine, who was in this city, cautioned
the union not to' go on a sympathetic
strike, as the support of the National Un
ion could never be secured. Nevertheless
the 6trike was declared by open vote ol
the union.
"Many of us became members of the
union very relucantly. because we feared
walkouts and did not care to suffer the Ills
that follow in the wake of protracted
strikes. It has been said we asked to be
allowed to join the union, but this. too,. Is
a falsehood. Pressure was brought to
bear upon us to join and finally to secure
harmony we became members of the or
ganization. % , , ' .
"In May the strike of the machinists oc
curred. The Molders* Union, being af
filiated with the Iron. Trades Council, the
proposition of going out on a sympathetic
strike was advanced to union members.
In ISftO. when the molders struck, the ma
chinists refused to assist them In their
light, and while the machinists could not
consistently ask the molders to help them
cut In their strike, the fact that the mold
ers were afnliated with the Iron Trades
Council was made the pretext for stand
ing in with the machinists. The proposi
tion cf strike or no strike was brought up
In the union in the shape of a resolution
not tc work at the Union Iron Works be
cause it was unfair. The sentiment was
pretty evenly divided, but the resolution
was "carried by a bare majority. The
strike was then agreed upon, against the
nrotes ts of the better element of the
union and in violation of the laws of the
International union, wrich forbade a
strike of subordinate unions without the
sanction of the national body.
"When the strike was declared the un
derstanding .was that the strike benefit of
55 a -week would be, paid to members in
good standing even though assistance
must be secured from other unions. We
received' the assurance that the National
Union would ultimately recognize the jus
tice of our action and extend us financial
aid. We were out thirteen weeks and in
that time we drew $11 per man. Some,
men were out eleven weeks, but they drew:
the same amount. None of the promises
of the union in this respect were kept and
the result was not only dissatisfaction but
hard times %xnong the members who had
families to support. Whenever Inquiries
were made concerning the fulfillment of
the promises of financial assistance the
men were put off from day to day and
nothing was done.
Troubles in the "Union.
"On August 12 Secretary Rosenberg of
the Labor Council delivered an address to
the molders. in which he said that if any
of the men desired to return to work they
could do so without being declared to be
'scabs.' The matter of withdrawing the
molders' delegates from the Iron Trades
Council came up, and it was supported by
many in the hope that this would result
in the men returning to work. The senti
ment was strong in favor of withdrawing
from the council, but not sufficiently
strong to carry it through. Whenever
any one arose to speak in favor of going
back to work he wa3 hooted down. At
one meeting a man who expressed him
self against the strike was badly beaten.
Secretary McCabe of the Ironmolders'
Union, and who is also the president of
the Iron Trades Council, opposed every
effort of those members of the union who
were desirous of returning to work. In
consequence of his course he has been
condemned by the better element of the
union. ¦ ¦
Joined the Union Reluctantly.
THE fact that nearly a score of
molders have returned to work at
the Union Iron Works is causing
the members of Ironmolders
Union No. 164, as well as the Iron
Trades Council, considerable annoyance.
Official statements from the managers of
the Union Iron Works us to the return of
the men have been declared as lies and in
support of this declaration the charge
was made that the men were bribed to go
baclt to the places they held prior to the
strike. . The additional allegation was ad
vanced that the returning molders were in
fact non-union men. they having been
suspended from the union for displaying a
lukewarm interest in the striking ma
.chinists' cause.
A delegation of union molders who went
to wcrk at the Union Iron Works... last
Monday was Interviewed by a Call re
porter yesterday at the request of the
men themselves. These men. who are
known to be experts in their line and some
of whom have been identified with the
Ironmolders' Union for years, stated that
they had been misrepresented by the
strike leaders and that they desired- to
make a statement of the facts of their
case. The spokesman of the party said:
"There; are seventeen union molders at
•work in the Union Iron Works at the
present time. One man walked out to
day, but another took his place imme
diately. Every one of us belongs to Iron
molders' Union No. 164. All of us are in
good standing, as the books of the secre
tary of that organization will show. The
statement of the officials of the union that
¦we were suspended because we were not
in sympathy with the machinists is
false.
Callahan was taken to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that
the bullet had entered the left side of his
head, just in front of the ear, and passed
out at about the same place on the right
side. The surgeons consider the wound
dangerous. Callahan's friends admit that
he was in the mob that charged on the
policeman, but they assert that the shoot
ing, was not an accident. Fuhrey is de
tained at the City Prison* pending the re
sult of Callahan's injury. .
Fuhrey went yesterday to the Oceanic
Restaurant on Pacific street, near East,
to get supplies for men who were quar
tered in a lodging-house near by and was
attacked by a mob of about twenty men.
He fought the crowd off with his fists and
it was in this scuffle that the shooting oc
curred. " . ¦ t ¦ ' : ¦
Fuhrey has been employed by the Iron
works for some time. He has in his charge
150 men who depend upon him for protec
tion. He escorts them to their homes when
they desire him to do so and also to their
meals at ' neighboring restaurants. Sev
eral nights ago while in company with
nine^ non-union employes the officer had
words with a mob of strikers and a day
later he was told that threats had been
made against his life.
: . theRisdon Iron Works, shortly
after' 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon.;-- The
officer was attacked by a mob and his re
volver fell out of his Docket. He claims
he picked it up and attempted to use It as
a 'club and that it was accidentally dis
charged.
PETER CALLAHAN, a union fire
man, was shot .and I seriously
wounded . by Edward . Fuhrey, a
special ~~ policeman, employed by
"There are among the molders who re
turned to the Union Iron Works several
professional scabs. -These men have de
luded others by holding out to them
promises which they are not in a position
to fulfill. Several of these men will go
out to-night, and we expect others to fol
low them any day. We know money has
been offered to them to return, the object
being to create -a break in the ranks of
the strikers. We have positive testimony
that bribes were offered to the boiler
makers. The statement attributed to Sec
retary Rosenberg was never made by him.
He never said that the men could safely
return to work without suffering the
odium of being termed scabs. The strike
situation will not suffer by reason of the
action of this handful of molders.
"It is untrue that money is paid to any
one for assaulting any one who returns to
work. These assaults are the work of
hoodlums, and all strikers condemn them
unsparingly. Regarding strike benefits,
I will say that the full benefits were not
paid. Some of the strikers refused to ac
cept any money at all. At the last meet
ing of the union it was decided by a vote
of 126 to 1 to send our grievance to the
National Union. We have received the
assurance that it would be favorably
acted upon. This means that we will re
ceive the sanction and assistance of the
Isational Union. The molders, numbering
nearly 250 who are out, are determined to
remain out to the end, and they will not
be influenced from their course by the
anonymous statements of a few. scabs
The machinists' strike is- still on and it
will continue until the demands of the
men have been complied with.".
"Nearly all the statements made by the
molders who went to work at the Union
Iron' Works are false. The sentiment in
favor of a sympathetic strike was not
evenly divided. On the contrary, it was
very much one way or there would have
been no strike. Vice President Valentine
never cautioned the union not to strike.
On the contrary he said such a move
ment would be indorsed by, the National
Union. That body is now. about to indorse
our action; so that within a short time we
will receive all the financial aid we re
quire. /
Secretary McCabe of the Ironmolders'
Union was seen last night and asked to
express his views concerning the allega
tions made by the molders at the Union
Iron M'orks. He said: " .
Secretary McCabe's Statement.
consent, and now, .when they desire to
furnish food for their families they take
the chance of being waylaid and beaten
to death. We have been threatened, but
to be forewarned isrto be- forearmed, and
any one who tackles us does so at his
peril. We never had a grievance against
our employers, and the strike was not
only illegal, but it. was damaging to the
cause of labor in this- city. The hearts
of the men were not in the movement and
it lacked moral support. The leaders,
who receive pay from the unions in times
of strikes, are responsible. for all the trou
ble. Surrounded by their fire-eating
cliques they are in a position to force
through any measure that pleases them
to advocate. Secretary McCabe never
kept a single promise made to us, but,
on the contrary, he»deceived us' on nu»
merous occasions. We are satisfied to re
main at work and quit the union forever.
Having come to this conclusie-n for the
sake of our families and for the best in
terests of the community at large, we are
willing to take our chances with anything
that the future may bring fortn."
The strike situation did not change in any important particular yesterday. A few more non
union men were pat to work at Port Costa and along:, the water front, lyit additions . to the working
force were not made in. the wholesale district nor at the Union Iron Works. The sand teamsters, who
were reported to he waverlns, were. addressed by Secretory Rosenberg of the Labor Council" and Grand
Organizer Pierce at their meetlnc last night, and they declared anew their loyalty to the cause. ¦
/Representative of the
Warehousemen.
Stevedores Roughly Handle a
Colonel Mordecai Places
Troops Near Benicia
¦ Wharf.
of Their Union Was Illegally Declared— Other Grievances
Are Stated by Them, and Secretary McCabe Enters Denial
Iron Molders Who Have Returned to Work Assert That Strike
REGULARS AWE
THE STRIKERS
LITTLE HOPE OF NEGOTIATIONS
TO RESTORE INDUSTRIAL PEACE
General James F. Smith Is to Be Tendered a Reception Iby the
¦ .Organization of Which He Was Once Grand President.
Supreme President Kierce to Eulogize the Late Stephen M.tyVhite
FAMOUS SOLDIER AND SOME
WHO WILL BE AT THE BAN
QUET. , ¦"-.-¦•--
has been selected to respond .to the toast
"Our Country." ' ¦ • ' :.?
To-morrow there will be a trolley ride
for such of the grand officers and dele
gates as desire to ride over the electric
lines and have" lunch at the Cliff. In the
evening there will be a reception at head
quarters,, tendered by Golden Gate Coun
cil No. 34. . ' -- ¦
~ Odd- Fellows' Hall was most tastefully
decorated last night in rose-colored and
white crepe, a profusion of American flags
in proof of the loyalty to country of the
Young Men's Institute, and many living
plants, a number of them so arranged as
to conceal the orchestra. The occasion
was the grand ball tendered to the officers
.and delegates of the Young Men's Insti
tute Grand Council. The grand march
was led by Grand President L. E. Mahan
and Miss Annie M. Potthoff. grand presi
dent of the Young Ladles' Institute, fol
lowed by Floor Director John P. Comyns
and Miss May Stein and Assistant Floor
Director Edward M. O'Donnell and Miss
Anna. Acton. - '
There was on the> floor a large number
of gentlemen and ladies, while the gal
leries were crowded with onlookers, who
found enjoyment in watching the young
people moving gracefully to the Inspiring
music.
The ball was under the direction of the
following committees:
Arrangements— W. Ch««ter Keoyh. M. J.
Connerton Thomas V. Ryan, A. I. Donovaa
and Jo»eph M. Carapodonico.
Reception-John A. Dunleary. P. J. Haxen.
rpl . M. T. Cresalla. Robert Tobla *ad 1LT.
Floor— William A. Brealln. Euyen* O. Fits-
Jota d i»yle. hUr J ' Sumy «- D - E ' Hayde/iad
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE CREATES
AN HONORARY GRAND OFFICE
THE SAN FBANGIRCO CALL, THURSDAY, ;AITGUST 22^ : 1901.
2
What Sm Sm Sm Does M^i^\
<fop Children %^^W\
Children are constantly exposed to all sorts of dis- W£5T^JrW
eases. The air they breathe is filled with germs, server IpSC;
gas and dust from the filthy streets are inhaled into the W&^^^&JsmjA
lungs and taken into the blood. At the crowded school K
rooms and other public places they come in contact m *Sy%S$k
almost daily with others recovering from or in the first W AA>^S|
stages of contagious diseases. You can't quarantine ST^VwiMIlP^
against the balance of the world, and the best you can W&mF&fSk
do is to keep their blood in good condition, and thns M^W^^h
prevent or at least mitigate the disease. You have | " 1
perhaps learned from observation or experience that ]l§5$F fc *5®&! I
healthy, robust children (and this means, of course, HP^SSB
children whose blood is pure) are not nearly so liable to W*£j^ W
contract diseases peculiar to them, and when they do it I^F'"^ 1 '^-'*^
is generally in a mild form. On the other hand, weak ftt^{SF i /5X!
emaciated and sickly ones seem to catch every disease iV^C^v^
that comes along This is because their blood is lack- I A-Vm^S^
ing in all the elements necessary to sustain and build liOj \ T&F^
up the body. Poisons of eveTy description accumulate "F^Q^t^K I
in the system, because the polluted and slu^fsn blood* b/fc- • *£&$
is unable to perform its proper functions Wf' -^g-g&r _\j|
Such children need a blood purifier and tonic to eive JgS§S§l 1\
strength and vitality to their blood, andS. S. S., beimr a raS&S^t
purely vegetable remedy, makes it the safest and best for nff«SR
the delicate constitutions of children. S. S. S. is not only [sP vkf&
a perfect blood medicine, but is pre-eminently the tonic a^^#- t^Ml
for children ; it increases their appetites and strengthens
the digestion and assimilation of food. If your child- WfW&&xf m
ren have any hereditary or acquired taint in their blood § // WnWW^,
give them S. S. S. and write to our physicians for any Wll ¦ '* jM}7$\
information 1 or advice wanted ; thishvill cost you noth- 3 I A^TTImII
ing, and will start the little weaklings on the road to *L I^&M IMi
recovery. Book on Blood and Skin Diseases free gSS AMi<Ml
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. <JA. VS^fSt^B^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f' :¦ ¦ :
HI; ¦ '
Do you admire physical perfection in
man or woman? Would you like to
feel as if you could muzzle a lion? Let
me send , you a most interesting book
telling how you can be made to feel like
a Samson. All human weakness comes
from a loss of electricity from the
body. My electric belt restores it; and
my book tells of the gladdening effect
it has on you. Cut this ad out and send
it. I mail the book, sealed, free. Write
to-day. Dr. x M. E. • McLaughlin, 702
Market street, San Francisco.
TMW1TTTM~llftilffll1l liliritfiiTH nfMii IMITni— ITWiniMlJnMMMWBlWThe Taylors were divorced several
months ago In Edgar County. Since then
Taylor and three children have been
staying at the residence of Joseph Dick,
the woman's father, in Oakland Town
ship, this county. Mrs. Taylor was re
cently married to Faris and determined
to get possession of one of the children.
. Faris and his wife came from Paris yes
terday and proceeded to the Dick farm.
Upon his arrival Taylor was called to the
buggy and unsuspectingly complied. Faris
pressed a revolver to his-head and bade
him remain quiet. Mrs. Faris leaped
from the buggy, ran to where the chil
dren were playing and secured the one
she preferred.
MATTOON, 111., Aug. 21.— While her sec
opd husband, James Faris, covered her
divorced husband, Lewis Taylor, with a
revolver Mrs. Faris to-day abducted her
youngest child by the former marriage,
and placing it in a buggy the two eluded
pursuit. Taylor was too astonished and
terrorized to thwart his former wife's
purpose. • .
Sensational Meeting of
Divorced Persons in
Illinois.
An investigation reveals the fact that
Graves was not at San Martin, but had
the articles forwarded to Gllroy, where
they were disposed of. With, the revenue
he has sought other fields. .
SAN JOSE, Aug. 21.— The San Jose and
Gllroy authorities are looking for George
Graves, whose business transactions with
a number of prominent Garden City mer
chants and business men have been any
thing but profitable for the San Joseans.
Among the firms which have been clever
ly duped by Graves are Kelser & Koch,
A Greenlnger, Barngrover & Hull, the
Enterprise Foundry, the Anderson Prune
Dipper Company and the E. Coppock Im
plement Company. All of these concerns
are bemoaning the loss of one or more
articles of manufacture.
About two weeks ago these firms re
ceived Inquiries from Graves, who was
then in San Martin, concerning their
goods. Catalogues and descriptions of
goods with prices were sent as requested.
A few days after each received flattering
letters saying his goods and prices were
satisfactory, and, as he had been recom
mended as reliable, Graves would order
a vehicle from him. From each a cart or
carriage was ordered shipped, with a
oromise of remittance as soon as delivered.
The shipments were made to San Mar
tin. . . '
for Which. He Neglects
to Pay.
ETJPES SAN JOSE. AND
GILKOY BUSINESS MEN
Confidence Operator Obtains Vehicles
PISTOL HELPS
THE ABDUCTORS
When the fire trains reached Lake View
the flames were rushing through the
sheds like blasts from a furnace and both
trains had to retreat. Once the Summit
train extinguished . the fire completely,
only to flm* that it had crept through the
forest and caught in the sheds In the
rear. The Cisco train did good service,
helping the one from Summit. Six empty
flat cars, one car of charcoal and two cars
of wood were burned on the sidetrack.
At 3 o'clock the fire was under control
and by 6 o'clock the timbers had burned
out and the roadbed cooled so that 400
workmen began cleaning the debris and
laying new ties and rails. They will work
all night and will have the track fully
repaired by 10 o'clock In the morning.
The wind blew a gale during the day
but to-night is calm and the forest flre3
which started on either side of the burn
ing sheds are under control.
TRTJCKEE, Aug. 21.— Three thousand
feet of snowsheds burned at Lake View
to-day. Fire started in a car laden with
charcoal standing on. a spur close to the
station.. The telegraph operator had bare
ly time to summon the fire trains from
Truckee, Cisco and Summit before tho
entire building was in flames. Having
given the news his dispatch ended with:
"It's getting too hot to stay. Good-by."
Woodwork and a Depot
Are Destroyed.
Three Thousand Feet of
Cause Great Damage to
Southern Pacific at
Lake View.
FLAMES LEVEL
THE SNOWSHED S
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2L-G«orge R.
Jcnes, en aged veteran, who served In a
California ¦ Iteglraent J during the . Civil
War and " was dishonorably discharged,
was arraigned before the United States
Commissioner to-day on the charge of at
tempting to obtain a pension from the
Government by Impersonating a compan
ion in arms. His hearing was set for
next Friday. He has declared himself
willing to plead guilty, and his advanced
age is arousing much sympathy.
Veteran in Disgrace.
"You had slanned the job for a long
time, and I believe that any man who en
ters a building for the purpose of stealing
is no better than a murderer, for if caught
in the act I believe he would commit mur r
der to protect himself. I believe you
wculd, too. You confessed because you
believed the- evidence was so strong
against you that there was no possible
chance to escape. The judgment of the
court is that you be imprisoned in the
Stale orison at Folsom for a term of fif
teen years."
Attorney Alvarado asked that the pris
oner be sent to San Quentin, but this was
refused. Winters had nothing further to
say. He bade "good-by" to Superintend
ent Ropp and Constable Moiles and a few
others, and was then hustled to the depot
and took the Sacramento train for Fol
som.
The court, in passing sentence, said that
it was an unpleasant duty to send a man
of the character of the prisoner to prison,
but that he did not consider he was en
titled to any mercy.
Attorney Alvarado, who appeared for
the prisoner, said that Winters was sorry
for his crime; that he had done all that
mortal could to restore the property to
the owners, and that a short sentence
would carry out the law as well as a long
one. He believed one spark of hope
should be held out to the man.
Winters was told to stand up. After
the Information was read to him the pris
oner was asked if he had any reason why
judgment should not be pronounced. In a
trembling voice he said that previously
he had always led an upright life and had
been an employe of the Selby Company
for the last seven years; that he was
sorry for the crime and wished the court
to take his previous good character into
consideration, as it was his intention to
be a good citizen after he served his time.
He pleaded for mercy.
Superintendent von der Ropp of the Sel
by Company arose and said that he wish
ed to redeem a promise that he had made
to Winters when he confessed. He said
that he told Winters that one-third of the
stock ' of the company was held by em
ployes, and that they could ill-afford to
lose the amount taken. He believed it
was on account of this that Winters con
fessed. Ropp said the prisoner had al
ways been a good •workman and he asked
the court to extend leniency to him.
When court opened, promptly at 10
o'clock, the room was crowded with spec
tators eager to get a glimpse of the bur
glar. As Winters had pleaded guilty,
Sheriff Veale was placed on the stand to
determine the degree of the crime. The
Sheriff said that Winters told himself and
Theodore Moiles that he accomplished the
Job between 9 p. m. and midnight on Au
gust 5. The court then adjudged the
crime was burglary In the first degree.
MABTINEZ, Aug. 2L— The finale in the
Selby robbery case came In the Superior
Court this morning when "Jack" Win
ters, the man who got away with $320,000
in gold bullion and afterward confessed,
was sentenced to fifteen years In Folsom.
The prisoner took his sentence stoically
and asked that he be sent to San Quentln,
but his request was refused. He was tak
en to Folsom this morning on the 10:30
o'clock train.
Selby Smelter Superintendent
Appeals^ for Mercy for
the Culprit
Bullion Thief to Serve
Long Term in Folsom
Penitentiary.
WINTER GETS
FIFTEEM YEARS
Ten-Ride Tickets on the Coast Line.
y: Southern Pacific , now. sells ten-ride . In*
divldualcommutatlon tickets between San
Francisco and Coast line points to and in
cluding: San Jose., Inquire of agents.
For we have just received 500 pyrography
machines direct ! from ; Germany ; for mak
ing those admirable' effects in burnt leath
er and .woodwork. -. Sanborn, Vail &?Co.,"
741" Market street. " ' •
Burn, ' Pyrographer,
The mining company owned claims in
Inyo County and the express company
held overdrafts amounting • to $78,419
against them; Nichols had -, a mortgage
on the property, in the sum . d*f $80,421 56,
and the Vulcan Iron Works wanted pay
for supplies to the amount of $1495 63.. -
: The three creditors Joined issues and
brought suit in foreclosure .- with the re
sult that Judge Wellborn now orders the
sale of the property oy i Receiver Gordon
Suhr to satisfy the Indebtedness. ; ..„-,-> ,,
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— United States
Judge Olin Wellborn in the. Circuit Court
this morning entered a decree in fore
closure In an action ¦ brought by Wells,
Fargo & Co., complainant, and Edward C.
Nichols and the Vulcan Iron-Works
cross-complainants, against the Radcliffe
Consolidated Gold Mining Company, Lim
ited. . . • - . , . . .
FEDERAL COURT ENTERS •
} p\V DECREE OF FORECLOSURE
EL RENO, O.'.T.. Aug. 21.— A special, to
the American from Anadarko . says a
heavy wind and rainstorm swept through
the; town 'about 8. p. m. All; large build
ings in process of construction were blown
down ' and a : large number of tents and
smaller.; houses. - Two persons were killed
and * many injured. ; Full . extent of the
damage will not be known until daylight.
Two Persons Are /Killed ; and Many
Injured . in" a Great Tern- .
FURIOUS WINDSTORM' N
BLOWS BTTILDINGSV DOWN
Hodder said that he was fortunate in
not being more seriously, hurt. It will be
some time before he can return to bis du
ties. -. . ; - - ¦
SEATTLE, Aug. 21.— His wrist -caught
on a meat nook and his body suspended
In midair from a beam in a burning build
ing. Lieutenant W. J. Hodder of the local
Fire Department at Fremont underwent
a frightful experience this afternoon. Aft
er hanging for several minutes Lieutenant
Hodder dropped to the floor, a distance of
about eizht feet He was alone in the
building at the time, and although he was
dazed by the fall and the painful wound
in bis left wrist he managed to descend a
small ladSer from the second to the first
floor. After groping his way about in the
smoke the lieutenant reached the open
air and his companions summoned a phy
sician and his wound was dressed.
IMPALED ON MEAT HOOK
' IN BURNING BUILDING
His Sickness Means the Loss of Hun
dreds of Thousands of Spcci
men Trees.
I SANTA ROSA,- Aug. 21.— Luther ' Bur
bank, the famous horticulturist, , is suffer
ing from nervous prostration brought on
by overwork. 1 His physician has ordered
absolute rest and quiet, and as a result
between 400,000 and . 500,000 specimen trees
and plants being raised upon his experi
ment farm .near Sebastopol for;hybridiz
ing purposes probably will be wasted.lThe
illness coming at this time, must result in
the loss of a whole year's work, and per
haps more. Physicians say that with rest
and proper: care Mr. Burbank . will no
doubt soon be himself again.-
BTJRBANK IS
ILL FROM OVERWORK
.PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 21.— A telegram
was received here to-day from Flagstaff
announcing the - finding of . the remains I of
John McCarty. near Millers Canyon, -In
Coconlno ¦ County, on Monday afternoon.
The body was terribly mutilated, evident
ly by a bear, in conflict with which the
man lost his life. Indications are that"
he shot the animal once and that his gun
then burst and left. him helpless at the
mercy of the king of the woods. Both of
McCarty's legs were broken, his hips were
dislocated and his head almost severed
from his body. ¦ • .
The finding of McCarty's remains clears
up one of the mysteries that have puzzled
Arizona citizens in Jate years. .> Until
within a few months McCarty was one of
the Territorial J Fish and Game Commis
sioners and Game Warden. He was a
lion hunter by profession and had killed
more mountain lions than any other man
in Arizona. He lived in the hills for years
and it has often been said that he knew
every rock and canyon and waterhole- in
the Territory./ - C
Last June, with Judas. Gowett and J. K.
Day of .this city, he camped on Clear
Creek, In the Mogollon- Mountains. ; He
went out one. afternoon -. to ¦ catch a | par
ticular-kind of^ pigeon for an Eastern
museum and never returned. Searching
parties have looked for him unceasingly
from that day. till the finding of his body/
All sorts of theories; including that of
murder by Indians, were : advanced, but
discarded, and it was generally believed
an accident had befallenihlm. He is sur
vived by a widow. '-, >¦ ; - .: ...
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
Finding of John Mc-
Carty's Body Clears .
Mystery..
Griffin behaved himself until about' two
weeks ago, when the drinking and abuse
began again. Last Saturday, Gillespie
says, and this Mrs. Griffin admits, she
The Griffins were married two years ago
to-day. Six weeks ago they buried a year
old baby. The baby was born in the Gil
lespie house, at 119 Ninth street. There
the couple continued to reside until about
two months .xgo. when they removed to
more commodious quarters. ' - .
Griffin Was Abusive When Drinking.
According to lodgers now staying in the
house Griffin was a hard drinker and was
constantly abusing his wife. "When the
baby died Mrs. Griffin told Gillespie they
wished to return, as she wanted to be in
a house where there was always a man
around. From this Gillespie inferred, he
said yesterday, that she was afraid of her
husband. He rented them a room on Mrs.
Griffin's assurance that her husband had
taken the pledge and was another man
since the baby's death."
Gillespie admits having been in a state
of great excitement, which he attributes
to his indignation at a foul epithet ad
dresed by Griffin to Mrs. Gillespie. He se
cured the revolver, he says, for the pur
pose of bluffing Griffin. He had no inten
tion of using U, but as he recalled the
name Grifljn had applied to his (Gilles
pie's) wife he gradually worked himself
Into a rage. Without knowing what he
was doing he had pressed the trigger and
the mischief was done.
Mrs. Griffin sticks to the statement that
her husband did not at any time threaten
Gillespie or his wife, or, pick up or ex
hibit, as Gillespie states, a knife or any
weapon whatsoever. She says further
that the only knives in the room were
ordinary silver rlated ones, and that they
were nevei disturbed.
QEORGE D. GILLESPIE, the
lodging-house keeper, who on
Tuesday evening shot and killed
William F. /Griffin, one of his
lodgers, was brought before Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday morning and
instructed as to his rights. Gillespie is
charged with murder, and on Saturday
morning Judge Conlan will set the date
for his preliminary examination. The pris
oner has- retained ex- Judge Ferral to de
fend him.
The stories of the killing as told by Gil
lespie and Mrs; Griffin, wife of the de
ceased, are contradictory in some very es
sential details, and the closest cross-ex
amination fails to change either account
of the shooting.
- "I'll give him a show to prove that he
had provocation," Griffin said yesterday.
"It s possible he had, for my brother was
ugly when in liquor, but If it is proved
that the 'kid' v/as killed in cold blood as
this little girl (meaning his sister-in-law)
says, I'll fix Gillespie all right." -
The inquest will be held on Saturday
Corporal George W.' Russell yesterday
made drawings of the scene of the mur
der for use at the trial.
Mrs. Griffin tells another story. She de
nies the knife incident, and declares that
Glllespie held his pistol pointed at her
husband's head for fully five minutes*
that Griffin v was seated in a rocking-chair
laughing at his landlord. She crossed the
room, she says, and pulled Glllespie's
hand in. which he held the gun down to
his side. She (then walked over to the
bureau just in time to see In the mirror
the reflection • of a flash. Her husband
never moved again. She denies the abuse
of Mrs. Gillespie, and declares the intru
sion of the Gillespies to have been un
warranted. She admits, the quarrel with
her husband and the breaking of the
dishes, "but the dishes were ours " she
said, "and the quarrel none of the Gilles
pies' business."
J. H. Griffin, a brother of the deceased,
declares that he will avenge his brother's
death. He called at the City Prison yes
terday with this end in view. He gave a
false name but was recognized by one of
the prison officials and denied the inter
view he sought.
Stories of the Shooting Disagree.
Gillespie says that on the night of the
shooting his wife went to the Griffins'
room, attracted by the sound of loud
voices and breaking dishes. He heard
Griffin call Mrs. Gillespie a foul name,
and decided to take a hand himself. Grif
fin .ordered him out, saying, "Gillesp,
get out of this; I'm in earnest.
If you don't go I'll fix you so you won't
be able," went to a closet and secured a
-large knife. Gillespie says:
"I got out as quickly as I could, went
to my room and secured my revolver,
after which I returned. Griffin still had
the knife, and when I pointed the gun at
him laughed at me and told me I would
never shoot. He half-sat in a chair, and
then put his hand in his pocket to get his
pistol, as I thought. I raised my revolver
and in my excitement it was exploded. I
was the most surprised person in the
room when I saw the result."
told him that she could stand Griffin's
abuse no . longer and she was going to
leave him. She paid the ! rent for the
present week with the understanding that
If she left he would return the unearned
amount.
MAN "WHO WAS SHOT AND INSTANTLY KILLED IN A NINTH-STREET
LODGING-HOUSE TUESDAY BY GEORGE D. GILLESPIE. AND HIS
YOUNG WIDOW. .
.This much has been detailed in order to re
mind you of the fact that a fair-minded officer
of excellent reputation and unblemished char
acter-has been found in the person of Rear
Admiral Howison. who, ¦ at the date of his ap
pointment, appears to have enjoyed the confi
dence of both the department and yourself.
Your request la based on a newspaper clipping
that - purports to contain statements in regard
to the truth of which you do not yourself ex
press an opinion. | You ask the department to
lay before Rear Admiral TT<% wison a statement,
wholly unsubstantiated, . that appears to have
been made by. some person unknown at a time
and place likewise unknown. .
The department is unable to view your re
quest in any other light than that of a prelim
inary challenge of the fitness of Rear Ad
miral Howison to - serve ¦ as a, member of the
court. It will be treated as is usual In cases
of courts of inquiry. ; The established practice
in- the military 'as well as in the naval serv
ice has -fixed the method In which the right
of challenge before courts-martial and courts
of Inquiry shall be exercised. . ' -
• The department, having constituted the court,
should not. at this stage of the proceedings,
undertake to hear and determine questions that
may arise respecting the competency of Its
members. • Such : a proceeding would be irreg
ular, all questions of this nature being left to
the- determination of the court Itself.
' This correspondence will be transmitted to
the president of the court for its information.
Respectfully, ¦ F. -W. HACKETT, .,
- Acting Secretary.
"W. S. ScWpv. Rear Admiral. TJ. S. N-, City.
Howison's High. Reputation.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21, 1901.— Sir: In re
ply to your 3 letter of the 19th, enclosing a
newspaper clipping and requesting the depart
ment to send it to ', Rear Admiral Howison,
with a copy of your letter, you 'are Informed
that the appointment of Rear Admiral Howi
tson as a third member of the court of inquiry
was accepted only after taking great -pains to
insure ¦ absolute • impartiality in the i officer
selected.- To a question unofficially put as to
his. availability in case the department should
require his services Rear Admiral Howison re
plied:
• "I know of no reason why I should not be
available for such duty should the department
so decide. 1 1 have made no- public utterance
relative to the subject and I have seen none
of the official reports and papers bearing on
the questions to be decided by the court."
~-Your counsel. Captain Parker, before the ap
pointment had been announced, mentioned to
the Acting Secretary the names of certain
rear admirals, . any one of whom, he said,
would be perfectly satisfactory to Rear ¦ Ad
miral Schley. One of the names so mentioned
was that ! of Rear Admiral Howison. • It may
be added that of four officers consulted by the
department the names of three were upon the
list. thus mentioned by your counsel.'
THE ARLINGTON, WASHINGTON. Aug.
20, 1901. — Sir: In reply to the department's let
ter of this date, referring: to clipping contain
ing alleged statements of Hear Admiral Henry
L. Howison, I : would say that I believe that
the action requested should not . be withheld,
as its purpose is to avoid any delay In the court
after its session has begun. I beg, therefore,
that the\request of my letter of yesterday be
communicated to Admiral Howison. Very re
spectfully, W. S. SCHLEY,
. Rear Admiral, U. S. N.
Schley Asks for Haste.
. WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 19, 1901.
The Secretary of the Navy — Sir: I > have the
honor to inclose herewith a newspaper clipping
in which Rear Admiral Henry L. Howison (who
has been selected to fill the vacancy caused
by the relief of Rear Admiral Kimberly from
the court of Inquiry) Is reported ¦ to have ex
pressed certain opinions. If this r statement,
taken from the Boston Record, be true, it
would, in the judgment of my counsel, dis
qualify him from serving in this court.
I respectfully request that a copy ' of this
letter, I with this . inclosure, be submitted to
Rear Admiral Howison for his consideration;
and ' I would further j request that I may be
favored with a copy of his answer. I have
entertained high personal regard for Rear Ad
miral Howison throughout a long personal ser
vice,' so that I feel sure that if the statements
expressed in the Inclosure are true, Rear Ad
miral Howison would not be willing to serve as
a %udge under such i conditions. I have . the
honor to be,'- very respectfully. , ¦
~ W. S. SCHLEY, Rear. Admiral, U. S. N.
Navy Department, > ? ¦
. WASHINGTON. D. C, Aug. 20, 190L $
Rear Admiral W. S. Schley— Sir: Your letter
of the 19th, inclosing newspaper clipping in
relation to the alleged statements of Rear Ad
miral Henry L». Howison, was received this
morning. Soon after its receipt Captain -James
Parker, one of your counsel, called at the de
partment and - stated that { he intended - to go
to Boston on Saturday to make further Inves
tigation in - the premises, and wished that no
steps be taken by the department until - the
result of his visit could be communicated to
the department. The department would . b«
pleased to learn immediately If it be your de
sire that action be withheld for the present
Respectfully, F. W. HACKETT,
Acting Secretary.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— The Navy
Department this afternoon gave out the
correspondence with Admiral Schley rela
tive to opinions said to have; been ex
pressed by Admiral Howison, a member
of the court of inquiry. The closing letter
of the Acting Secretary of the Navy
states that it would be irregular for the
Navy Department to hear and determine
questions affecting' the competency of
members of the court, . and advises Ad
miral Schley that the question -of Admiral
Howlson's competency, will be left to the
court itself. The correspondence fol
lows:
Department Declines to
Pass on ( Howison "
Incident.
HENRY E. SCHAMMEL, WHO
PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY
IN THIS CITY.
HUNTER'S FATAL
DUEL WITH BEAR
General • Plaza, in • order to . dissipate
from the minds of Liberals any. doubts
that they might have, authorized Presi
dent Alfaro to designate members of the
Ministry of the new Government. Alfaro
declined the privilege and agreed that a
committee of prominent Liberals should
appoint members of the Cabinet. This
proposal having been accepted, troubles
are at an end and the peace as well as
the stability of the new Government is
assured. General Alfaro has refused to
accept from the new Government the po
sition offered him as general in chief of
the army.
QUITO, Ecuador, Aug. 21.— It is false
that any Invasion of Colombia has been
attempted by Ecuadorans. Colombia and
Ecuador are at peace with each other.
Dr. Silva received a mail from Colom
bia to-day and as it contained no con
firmation of the press reports^ concerning
the trouble on-'the Venezuelati and Ecua
doran frontiers he is Inclined to believe
that the seriousness of the situation has
been exaggerated. •¦
( No Invasion by Ecuadorans.
Dr. Silva, the Colombian Minister, takes
a very hopeful view of the situation and
does not believe that there is serious
danger of revolutionary attacks upon the
railroad trains. He said this evening
that while it was true that the guards
had been with-rawn from the trains,
there were Colombian troops at stations
along the line, and it was very improb
able that the revolutionists would attack
the railroad in any way. He does not
think it will be necessary for the United
States to land men, but he believes that
the presence of American ships on both
sides . of the isthmus will have an excel
lent effect and will tend to deter the rev
olutionists and guerrillas from action that
would bring them into conflict with the
United States^ as well, as with Colombian
soldiers. . :
In view of the information conveyed in
this dispatch the 1 , authorities here are
satisfied that no mistake was made in
hurrying warships to both sides of - the
Isthmus. "With no American ships ¦ at
hand there would be danger of a possi
bility of some European nation landing
men on the excuse that they were need
ed to protect passengers of their nation
ality traveling across the isthmus.
Warships May Be Weeded.
Acting Secretary of State Adee received
a cablegram to-day from H. A. Gudger,
United States Consul General, at Pan
ama, which indicates that there has been
no substantial improvement in the situa
tion and that the Colombian forces on
the ground are probably hot strong
enough to rid the country of the revolu
tionists. Gudger' s dispatch, which was
dated August 12, says that there has
been no change in the political situation
on the isthmus so far. as < he can observe
since his last report, that the revolution
ists are still within a short distance of
the railroad line and that the Govern
ment has thus far made no effort to dis
lodge them for a week^preceding his re
port. A guard of fifty men had been
sent out with each passenger train, but
at the time of writing the guards had
been withdrawn owing to representa
tions made by the railroad company that
their presence might invite attacks on
the trains.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 • G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.-Interrup
tion of communication across the Isth
mus of Panami is> still threatened, and
it may become necessary! for the United
States to land sailors and marines In the
fulfillment of its treaty obligations.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
Colombian Minister Silva, However,
Takes a Hopeful View and Does
Not Think Train's Will ,
Be Attacked.
United States Likely to, Land
Force to Fulfill Treaty
Obligations.
Interruption of Traffic
on the Isthmus Still
Threatened.
NAVAL BOARD
WILL BE JUDGE
Schammel was the oldest member of
Crockett Lodge No.. 139, F. and A. M. He
leaves a wife, two sons and. two daugh
ters. The funeral will be held on Sunday
next at 2 o'clock under the auspices of
the Masonic order. Services will be held
at Masonic Temple and interment will be
in Masonic Cemetery. •
_ "Deceased was a native of Schleswig-
Holstein, Germany, and was 72 years old.
He came to this, country when a young
man and subsequently settled in Califor
nia. He was the head of the Schammel
Packing Company, at Chestnut and Pow
ell streets. He was known to all the resi
dents of North Beach and was extremely
popular. He retired from business several
years ago. 1 : .....
bard street, yesterday morning.
Death was due to heart failure. Scham
mel had been ailing for the past year and
was under the care of Dr. Tuchler. On
Monday night the physician, seeing his
patient was failing, administered a hyper
dermic injection to stimulate the heart ac
tion.. Schammel sank rapidly, however,
and at % 5:40 yesterday morning passed
away. >. ¦
HENRY SCHAMMEL, one of the
oldest and best known business
men of this city, passed away
at his residence, 612 Lom-
WARSHIPS
MAY SOON
BE NEEDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO ! GALL, THURS DAT, A UGrTJST 22, 1901. v
Henry Schammel, an Aged and Well-Known
Business Man, Succumbs to an Attack of
"Heart Failure at His Late Residence
NORTH BEACH RESIDENT
ANSWERS GALL OF DEATH
Wife of the Dead Man Disputes Landlord
Gillespie on Some Very Important De
tails Leading Up to the Fatal Shooting
CONTRADICTORY STORIES
TOLD OF GRIFFIN KILLING
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— The body of
4lu unknown man, about 40 years of age,
of medium size, dark hair and beard, was
discovered floating in the lake at "West
lake Park to-day. On the banks of the
lake were found f raganents of a letter
from Samuel Bowers, Blsbee. Ariz., ad
dressed to "Mr. Bachelors." "Whether the
letter belonged to the dead rnan has not
yet been determined. /
Floating in a Park Lake.
Last evening Taylor sought to obtain a
¦warrant for. the arrest of the kidnapers,
but the Oakland Justice refused to grant
It until he ascertained who is the. legal
custodian "of the childf Taylor has de
clared his intention of going 1 to Paris to
Institute- legal ! proceedings against Farls
and his wife for abduction. : .
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
3 fa® S&gfllef
Of the assassin may be more sudden, but
it is not more sure than the dire punish-
ment meted out to the man who abuses
his stoaiach. No man is stronger than
his stomach. When the stomach is dis-
eased the whole body is weakened.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
cures diseases of other organs when it
cures the diseases of the stomach, on
which the several organs depend for
nutrition and vitality.
«I would say in resrard to vour medicines
that I have been greatly benefited by them,"
writes Mr. J. S. Bell, of Leandp, Van Burcn Co.,
la. "I was at one time
«s I thought almost £-S\
at death's door. I was tn
confined to my house p£3*K
end part of the time vuQk c* 25b v
to my bed. I .had XP&. C JWf \
taken gallons of raedi- \$&¥C&Sk
cine, but il ot:ly fed >Rt££«3i
thr disease; but I must Js4?SB£ji&
say that ' Golden Mcd- /»pQS35|
ical Discovery' has
cured me. and to-day 2f^[3BB3&&B
I am sto^trr than I *¦* tMEaaHHflF *>
have been for twenty F*^P§S
vears. I cm now forty- HrtUjSSBS
three years old. Have Jfr^tMiiaBi
taken in r.'l tvrenty-nine /rJSsSeBf
botties of 'Co^en Medical / J3«S?j^s
Discovery.' besides two or y tESk?!?!* •
three dozen vials of Dr. \ yOrSr>fi
Pierce's Pellets, but now I \ \W =5»v
take no medicine." X^V^^^^v
Dr. Pierce's Pleas- f^j
ant Pellets cure con- JJW*
gl o %}y m_i qit «7b i~> tr> ffc rj tt> ~8> O
& visit DR. JORDAN'S great f
Sbuseuh-qf ahatohyJ
a C& :c:iirx.£ErTCT.itt.e:i*7:i,s.?.:ii.i
j , Cg The Largest Anatomic*! Museum in the \
B _jVl_ Weaknesses or any contracted m
' \P~ SSj * iei '- P"»' tii "' 1 ? «"¦'•«' by the oldevt T
6 ipsl SpeciilutontheCc.it. list. 3«yeir». C
A h^g£i OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN h
¦ I&QfB fi Consultation free and strictly pr-irate. \
E I i$"if II Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
T E / v! I? /'<>*""* Curt in every caseuncieruk en. T
/ P // llfl> Write for Book. PBlLONUPHYaf A
W I If }TI S4BBMGE, MAILED fKEE.'Uf
\ cJ il- valuable book for mra) , \
V. X>Xt. JUBHA.V <* CO., 1051 Market St-.S. F. "
PERFECT
f ¦¦ ¦ . . . ¦
TJsed by people of refinement
for ever a Quarter of a century;
I Sold by all j
I Progressive Dealers If
JTlllmann & Bendel, Distributers Jj
RI inTI TF>TT
DR V FRANK WR4Y, EXPERT TRUSS FITTER,
Who has had the largest experience in fitting trusses and treating Ruptures of
iny 'physician in this country during the past twenty years in 'New York,, Bcs-
ton and Chicago, has opened parlors for a short time at,26^ Kearny street,
where. he. is prepared to adjust . his Fidelity Truss to every common or difficult
case of Rupture that has baffled the skill of others to retain and make comfort-
able. The doctor. has in his FIDELITY TRUSS the only, one that will hold a
Rupture under all conditions, and does it without using torturing elastics, leg
straps or cutting springs; -it is 'waterproof and cleanly, and permanently cures
a large percentage of cases. This treatment is universally recommended* by
intelligent physicians. ';Dr. Wray fits every truss before you buy; after that he '
guarantees it to hold, or money refunded. Not for sale in stores. Call or write, .
; DOCTOR WRAY.
26£ KBARNY STREET- SAN FRANCISCOThere has been some talk as to ¦who Is
the' beauty of Del Monte this year, but
opinions are divided on the subject. Both
Miss Ruth ; McNutt and Miss Katherine
Plover have their champions, all. of whom
are equally enthusiastic and . positive.
Miss Plover is altogether a novice in fash
ionable life. She has just' closed her
school books and this Is her first glimpse
of the gay world. She Is tall and slender
and has a wondrous pair of blue eyes
that look out from a delicately tinted
face framed with a mass of rich brown
haKr. In addition to her other charms
Miss Plover is an heiress. Mrs. E. A.
Hawxhurst is her chaperon here. ; « •
Frank Carolan is mourning the loss of
Beauty of the Show.
Mrs. Scott is one of the most enthusi
astic of golfers. Her interest In the game
is bo great that she follows the players
around the links. This morning she walk
ed around with >liss Ives. whose beauti
ful '.'drive" was cheered to the echo. .
The Crocker contingent, Mr. and Mrs.
Will Crocker. Prince and Princess Ponia
towskl and Mr. and Mrs. Alexander, con-'
stitute with a few exceptions the minority
who do not go In for golf. Their special
fad Is polo, and they are regular and en
thusiastic attendants at the game. The
Prince Is anxious for' the pony races to
begin. lie declares that there should be
pony racing every day. ¦
One of the very few girls who does not
go in for the Scottish game is Miss The
rese Morgan. Miss Morgan's fad Is polo
and cross-country riding. She sits her
horse well up on hi3 neck like a- jockey
and is a fearless rider.
.liss Scott when . it was her time to
'drive."
i Guests of the hotel in runabouts, gaud
ily attired ladies and their escorts on
tally-hos and blcvcles, villagers and
pedestrians wended their way to the track
in the afternoon to see the polo game be
tween the northern and southern teams.
It was replete with rough riding, splendid
nlays and fine riding, resulting as usual
In a victory for the northerners, captained
by Dick Tobin. th«» score at the close
standing 6 to 2. For the southern team
Maud nnd H. Praed nlayed great polo,
whllo Tom Driscoll, Captain Tobin and
Walter Hobart wore the honors for the
opposing team. Charlie Dunphy cast his
fortunes with the southern i county team
and his blocking was one of the features.
At the Polo Game.
At 10:30 o'clock the qualifying round of
the ladies' tournament, now furnishing
the random gossip for the inner circle,
was played. The score for the ladies
mjalifyintr was as follows: Mrs. Gilman
Brown 90. Ibis's Hasrer 10O. >H««s Caro
Crockett 102. Mrs. Martin 102. Miss Ives
110. Miss Dolheer IK. Mrs. Johnson 114,
Miss Bowles 116.
sary, the sky was overcast and the air
was raw and biting. Spectators there
were none, but as play progressed and
the sun strove desperately to lighten the
scene nearly two hundred interested on
lookers followed the pair. At the end of
eighteen holes Maud and Sears "halved"
at thirty-six, two under bogie for these
links. On two occasions Sears holed with
two. good enough golf to win anywhere.
Unfortunately for Sears in driving for the
thirteenth hole the guttapercha ball fell
In the bunker and from that time on his
play was ragged and unsteady. Rlsrht on
top of this bit of misfortune in driving
from the next tee the ball sailed off the
course and was lost. Maud, playing with
the precision of clockwork In a manner
that was evidently aggravating to his op
ponent, at this stage had the advantage of
one up. The score he rolled along to five
tin through indifferent nutting on the part
of Sears. After halvinsr at the thirty
thir.l hole and with only three more to
play and no chance being left. Sears,
reaching out J his hand, congratulated
Msuirt and the tournament was at an end.
While the winner may have been favored
with all the luck, he pl^vs a marvelously
steady game, and with a Herculean
physique to back it up. can make most
professionals extend themselves.
ONE OF TWO OF THE BEAUTIFUL MAIDS AT DEL MONTE BY THE SEA. AND SCENES AND INCIDENTS ON
THE POLO FIELD AND THE GOLF LINKS AT THE SUMMER RESORT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO FASH
IONABLES. •¦¦¦•¦¦•; , - - -
three of his fine ..hounds on account of
the, hunt that was not a hunt of yester
day afternoon. The dogs missed the trail,
got Into the woods and are probably r.ow
Chasing the deer of the grand old forest
instead of being 1 safely housed in the
Carolan kennels. Several of Cardan's
men went out this morning and with
barking hounds and tooting horns vainly
tried to gather In the lost animals. Caro
lan is rather upset by the loss and his
men will make anotlier- attempt to find
the does to-morrow. ••'- ¦ . -
-The only thing here that might be con
strued as a romance, the devotion of
Charlie Dunphy :to Miss Rowena Burns,
has simmered down to the courteous at
tention of a son to his mother's guest.
Miss Burns Is here with her father and
both are the guests of Mrs. Dunphy. The
young couple are not engaged nor likely
to become engaged, at least they say bo,
and certainly ? they ought to know.
Greenway is distinguishing himself here
In the very becoming and altogether new
role of chaperon. "ft is this way,"
proudly explains the leader of cotillons.
"The mothers 1 ; know I'm reliable and that
they can trust me. If a -loting parent
says I want my daughter home at 10:30
the girl goes home at 10:30, and there is
nothing that she can do or say that could
cause me to break my word to her
mother."
Greenway Is showing more clothes than
any other man here. For morning wear
his tastes run to plaids, and some of the
patterns he dlsplavs are almost as large
as his waist measurement. This morning
the Feau stood sponser for'a new color
combination. Illustrated by means of a
pale lavender shirt and an emerald tie.
¦ The music is quite a feature of the week.
There Is music by a string orchestra right
DEL MONTE, Aug. 21.-Just as pre
dicted by the ) smart ones, Charles E.
Maud of Riverside drove and putted him
self into the amateur coast championship
at the Del Monte links this afternoon de
feating H. M. Sears of Los Angeles by a
score of 4 up and 3 to play. Each contest
ant put up the real article in golf and
while the new champion is being feted
and dined and .worshiped to-night the
vanquished is accorded every praise for
his wonderful work.
The nisrht before some watering was in
dulged in with Maud a slight favorite
This morning at 8:30 o'clock, when the two
rivals met on the links -tinder the most
formal and business-like circumstance's
neither conversing more than was neces-
Golf Links.
First Winner of Coast Match on the
MAUD IS CHAMPION.
after breakfast, an outdoor concert by a
splendid brass band both afternoon end
evening and again the sweet tones of
string Instruments during . dinner. On
Saturday night there is to be a grand ball,
for. which the ladles are making consider
able preparation. To-morrow forenoon the
first match play in the ladles* golf tourna-
Tf n iA Z lu e tnep/ogramme on the links.
At 10:30 there will be a paper chase, the
hunters assembling in front of the hotel.
In the afternon there will be trolf for
gentlemen players between picked tea™
represf-ntlng the north and south, for the
J W. Byrnes cup. At 3:30 the final game
?h ? p i tournam ent will be played at
BOSTON. Aug. 21.— Cresceus and Th»
Abbot will meet at Charter Oak Park.
Hartford. Wednesday, September 4. Th»
contract calls for a three in five race with
a S7000 purse, $5000 to the winner and 12000
to the loser.
Crescetis and The Abbot.
Morley's Men, Stinginer From Defeat
by "Wasps, Ars Yet TTpon
the Scene.
STANDING OF THE TEAM?.
The Oakland and Los Antreles teams ar<»
the scheduled attraction for thN "week's
series nt Recreation Park. The Oaklands
are still at the tail end. but last week
they managpd to split even with th»
champions. The line-up for to-day's game
is as follows:
Oakland. Positions. Log Angeles.
Lohman Catcher Spies
JInsklman or Hale or
Johnson Pitcher j on «i
? tre \ b First base Hutchlnson
Arrellanes Second base Reltz
£san.... Third base Retllv
Francks Shortstoo ./. Atherton
IJunleavy T*tt fleM.. Bowman
Drennan Center field Householder
Babbitt..... Right field Kelly
ANGEXS AND DTJDES FOR
LOCAL DIAMOND SERIES
Sam Hartiv Was Beaten.
. Local tennis enthusiasts were greatly
surprised to learn that Sam Hardy, one
of the best players on the, coast, was de
feated up north in the tournament for
the championship of the Northwest.
Hardy met h»s Waterloo at the hands of
R. Powell of Victoria. Not only waa
Hardv beaten but he failed to win even a
2 e ,*- o T he score In Powell's favor was 7-3,
6-3. 8-4.
¦ When Hardy went north it looked to b©
easy going, as Freeman, the only, man
who seemed tojiave a chance againat
him, dislocated his shoulder and was un
able to play. Powell Dlayed on the local
courts last winter and his showing there
would entitle him to a third class rank
ing here George Whiffy and Smith beat
him with ease and hi3 improvement in
the last year must have been remarkable
to beat a man of Hardv's ability.
Wright took the first game of the next
set and had his opponent to two all.
Lamed then got one of his brilliant
streaks and ran a lead of 4 — 2. Wright
made a beautiful stand in the next and
took It on well played shots. He mado
one more stand with the score 5—3 against
him. but could not do much. Larned play
ing as brilliantly as ever and taking: the
set. C— 4, and the lead of set, 2 to 1.
Wright took the first two games of-th»
fourth set, Larned beincr a little off In hla
direction. The Summit crack reversed
the story In the third game, but lost the
fourth after making a good. flght for it.
Larned pulled the next out of a bad hoi©
and took courage from the performance,
running four eames In quick succession,
makinjr it 5—3 In his favor. Wright made
a great stand at this point and took one
eame and forced the next to deuce twice
Larned took it. however, and the match.
6-2; «-». «— ». «-4. This makes Larned
national chamninn and the seventh to hold
the honor. There win be no challenge
match as Whitman defaults.
Lamed started the second set with a bit
of unsteady playing, making three double
faults in the opening game, which went
to Wright after fourteen points had been
played. The next alao he got on his own
service, but Larned began to pick up, tak
ing the third at fifteen and the fourth,
after deuce. Thla made the games even
at two all. The odd one went to the older
man at love on his own service. Hla
smashing was a great factor. "Wright
evened it, and though Larned had a lead
of 40—0 at the seventh, he pulled up and
took it and the lead after deuce twice.
Larned took the eighth and it was four
all. Each lost a game on hla service and
then each won a love one on his opening
stroke. Wright then bunched the two
necessary ones and took the set, 8 — 6,
making it one set all.
NEWPORT. R. I.. Aug. 21.— "W. A.
Lamed was the victor to-day in the final
contest, for the national lawn tennis cham
pionship, defeating Beals C. Wright In an
interesting serie3 of games. Lamed took
the opening game of the match by the
most aggressive play. The second game
was a long deuce one. the call coming five
times before Lamed took it, aided con
siderably by Wright's two double faults.
In the third Wright took a brace and
scored a love game, Lamed taking a turn
at double faulting. After that Lamed
got the young Bostonian on the run and
allowed him only one more game, th©
sixth.
Closing of the National Cham
pionship at Newport Pro
ductive of Fine Play:
New Tennis Champion
Wins From Wright
in Four Sets.\
LARNED CARRIES
OFF ALL HONORS
Society; Looks : on- and. Applauds the Lady Devotees of the Scotch Game During the Morning Hours— -In
the Afternoon the Scene Is Shifted to the Polo Grounds, Where the Northerners Defeat the Men From
the South-Foibles and Fads of the Visitors at Del Monte in the Field or on the Veranda of the Hotel
MAUD BY A SPLENDID EXHIBITION OF GOLF WINS
FIRST COAST CHAMPIONSHIP AND THE DEL MONTE CUP
TRIES IN VAIN
TO CLOSE THICK
Sheriff Hencken Pre
vents Constable From
Serving Warrants.
Attempt to Stop Racing at ihe
Delmar Track Is Frus
trated by an Officer.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Aug. 21.-Rlot guns, a
posse of constables with warrants Issued
In St. Ferdinand Township and Sheriff
E. C. Hencken of St. Louis Countj- played
Important parts in the local racing situa
tion to-day. An attempt on the part of
a posse of constables to serve ¦warrants
on the management of the Delmar track
and the bookmakers doing business there
on was frustrated by Sheriff Hencken and
his deputies, who stood off the posse with
riot guns.
The move to close the Delmar track
•was expected by the management and
deputies were stationed at the track when
the crowd beg-an to arrive in the after
noon. In the meantime warrants had be»n
sworn out at St. Ferdinand Township,
near Klnloch Park, before Justice Baker,
charging the> defendants with keeping a
common gambling-house. Thlrty-thr?e
•warrants were drawn In all. those named
therein Including President Sam W. Adlcr.
C. A..Tlllea and Ll A. Cella of Delm.ir.
These were placed In the hands of con
stables, nearly forty being in the posye,
whica was headed by Constable LInhart.
At 2 o'clock the police- set out for Delmar.
Word was conveyed to the Delmar track'
and the Sheriff and his deputies brought
forth" repeating shotguns and stationed
themselves near the gate. At the ap
proach of the posse the Sheriff walked
into the betting ring and placed all the
bookmakers .and the management of ihe
track under arrest on the charge of vio
lating the breeders' law. Business wns
Immediately suspended at all the books.
When the posse approached the Sheriff
ordered its members to keep out of the.
track. "Skipp.vi* Rohan attempted to rush
forward, but was stopped by the Sheriff,
who ordered his men to get their guns
ready. The Sheriff had but seven deputies.
but they were all armed and the posse
withdrew. Constable Lmhart remained
outside after his posse departed and was
allowed to enter the grounds. He was
unable to serve his warrants on the Sher
iff's prisoners, however, discovering that
he had left the documents in the care of
a member of the posse. When he with
drew Sheriff Hencken released his pris
oners and betting proceeded as usual.
ST. IXH'IS. Aug. 21.-Delmar Park result?:
Fir^t rare, one tnllt end twenty yards—Dleu
donre won. Joe Doughtj- second. First One
third. Time. lztt%l
Record race, one mile and twenty" yard*—
Honeywood won. Keharnis second, Terra In
coiniiti third. Time. 1:43.
Third race, five and a half fiirlones— Taby
Tosa vi-on. Hunter Raine second. Huntressa
third." Time. 1:09.
Fourth race, sis furlonpa— Peaceful won
Mnnojraph Fecond, Judge Pettus third. Time,
3 :1S^.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards-
Meddlesome won. Ida r>edford second * Grace
third.- Time, 1:46.
Sixth race, f* ren furlonw— Barrlca won. Ben
ham socond. Tlie Wag third. Time. 1:28%
ST. JXiX'IP.Avg. 21-Klnlooh Park regults:
First race, five furloncn. Belling— The Four
Hundred won, April second, Ravensbury third
Time. .1:024.
Swond race. pIx furlongs. pur«e— Ben Battle
won. Fireside second. Hop Feoteh third. Time.
1 1!6.
TbinJ race, six an<1 a half furlonr*. «rtllnir
Hunting won. Sing Son* spoonfl. Athara third
Time. 1:13.
.Fourlli rare. pIt fflrlonps— Casavawoo*" Glwe
eecontl. KHza Oillon th!rd. Time. 1:17.
Fifth race, one mile nnd a elxt<>enth. selling—
T\'. B. Gates won. Albert r. Dewey Sf^ond
Plpad third. Time. 1:50.
CHICAGO. Auk. a.-Hawthorne results:
First race, five furlongs— Ainlninte won.
Ladylike second. The Rabbit third. Time. 1 -OS
Second race, six and a hair furlongs. «ellln*
—Sam r*zanjp Esq. won. I/ttlp Duchess II
pecond. Hart D third. Time. 1:26H.
Third race, one mile— Teleamon won. Argre-
S"r second. Flying- Torpedo third. Time. 1:49>£.
Fourth race, one mUe — Boney Boy won Fed
eral second. Strangest third. Time. IMS
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
JBrt!" T?m*. ««£ BIaZ6S SeC ° n<J> Fran f lbl «-
Sixth race.'- one' mile, pelllna-— Charley Moore
won. The Bondman second. Helen Paxton third
Time. 1:S3U.
PETROIT. An?. Jl.-Wlndsor results: .
First race, one mile and a sixteenth— Pretty
Rosie won. Ixmisville Belle second. John Mc-
Gulrlc third. Time. 1:54.
Second race, four and a hair furlong*, sell
ing—Nugget won. Psalms second. Pirate Girl
third. Time. :5S^.
Third race, six furlones— Lecturer won
J^L™ a IX ««cond, V«lma Clark third. Time.
Fourth race; , six* furlong*. selling-Bermuda
Prince won. Ed Roths second. Bonnie Maid
third. Time. 1:28.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, selllne—
Emrhuret won. Zonne second. Mr. Potter third
Time, I:o9%.
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs— Pine
Oilp won. Tony Licalzl second, D>ijasty third.
Time. 1:39*4. " *
BUTTE. Mont. Augr. «.— Resulte:
First race, elx furlongs— Uamptonlan won
Antonlue necond, Maetrle K third. Time lie'
Second race, five furlongs-Flourieh ' won"
Kitado second, Tyranus third. Time I-M* '
Third race^ one mile and twenty vards—
JI.IS W 2S- Tom second. Un Ca<3eau
tnira. Time. 1:45.
Fourth race, five furlonrs-Decapo won Es
1-™H Becond ' Montallade third. Time.
Fifth race, eix furlongrs— Alarla won The
Buffoon second, Katie Gibbons third. ' Time*
»,,f l^ h r^*' ?P e mlle and an eI »fhth. four
11^^^ 68 '* Bel • eCOnd '
SARATOGA. N\ T.. Aug. a.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Belle of Lexlnrtnn
Tteli.?SM 1 " Mfll ECCOn<1 ' DemUrr^'^ "hffi
w^Tjij!?^ J2? le and a s'xteenth— Bower,
Tto. l^V e«»nd. Blow Away third
fuTw?/^' G « nd UnIon Hotel stakes six
o u n»xTe K L^ agr r «s--,.s o » Biith - ** c -
Fifth race, five and a half furlonps-Rose of
TtoeTltfT J-S StWt 8eC ° nd - CIty B»nktWtS!
FORT ERIE. Aug. H.— Results:
First race, six f urlonps, selling— Remnen won
Far sight second. Mollle Payton fhirt "TTme!
Second race four and a half furlon«rs-Jua
rnIrt U TTm"'. CU8 GiFl SeCODd '
Third race, seven furlongs-Edith Q won
Magnetic second. Beau third. Time l-27>4
Fourth race. selling-Argonaut won. l 4 W
**£??!• H1 »f htan<5 Prince third. Time 1M1«4
Fifth race, wninir. five furlongs-Oconee wTi'n
?nf^" BeC ° n InnomIn »tum third. r TTme;
R(xth race, on* mile-Waterhous* won SUr
feld second. Dick Warren third. Time i-«
University President Is Honored.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.-Presldent Loubet
of France has conferred upon President
W. R. Harper of the University of Oh
rago the decoration of the legion of
Glenview Wins.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— Glenvtew won the
Marshall Field cup on the Midlothian
Country Club golf links to-day, leadins
Midlothian, the nearept competitor . bv
seventeen strokes for the thirty-six hoi ea.
GOLF AND POLO AT DEL MONTE-TENNIS AND RAGING IN THE EAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; AUGUST 22, 190i;
SEATTLE, Aug. 21.-Fights for the pos
?h! «f '°« paylng clalms are occupying
the attention of the miners of Nome No
6 on Rock Creek, belonging to the Pioneer
M n i e , C T O . mpany< has been visited by
Colonel. Miller and a. body of picked re
cruits, which claimed possession of the
property and ordered the employes to
leave at the - point' of ¦, revolvers. Jafet
J£j,i°«: f a memberof t h e. company that
owned the mine, at once proceeded to the
camp of the United States soldiers and
informed them. what had taken place. A
fhl T nt *° f v tr °° PS Was dispatched to
thetscene, of. the trouble and it was VO i
long before Colonel' Miller decided that
It would not be good policy to eoaeainst
Uncle Sam's soldiers. Taking his S he
quietly left the claim. Several da£ late?
Colonel Miller, with a number of mn
5^th/ n d^Tt a i tempt to sain Possession
or.. tne claim, but J was aealn
driven by the soldiers. S
™in. H°m. nearly every claim of any
value is in litigation and: it is very dif
2SS !t K °- R re . ai ct".what the ; final outcome
X? mon - ??i } 9 ' understood- that a number
Of men are forming clicrues to relieve the
hard working men of .their claims
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Drive Back Party That
.:; Attempts to Take
Possession.
SOLDIERS GUARD
CLAIM AT NOME
Or. any other color, size or, style of poker
chips, dice. : playing 'cards,* game Tcouhters
aftd tally cards? We don't keep any kind:'
We sell ; all kinds; for our prices are fair
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ? •
¦ .
I*ike •; a Stack •'. of Blues?
Bay, City Club Bouts.
• .The Bay. City Athletic Club will hold
its regular monthly fistic exhibition to
hight in the Mechanics' . Pavilion
Annex. There will be ¦ eight four
round bouts. James j McDevitt will ref
eree all "goes" and the Judges will 'be
Tom McFadden.and Jim Griffin. . The fol
lowing four-round contests* are scheduled:
"Spider" Welch vs. "Kid" Parker: Rob
Johnson vs. George : Dougherty: Young
Mitchell vs. -Jack Porter: Cyclone Kelly
vs. Young Jeffrey: Jack Duffy vs/Genrere
Peterson; .: "Kid" >Chlnner vs.' "Kid"
Healy and Billy Toy vs.; Teddy. Wolff.
But now trouble has arisen. Billy De
laney in a letter to Billy Madden declares
that unless the offers of the clubs are
big enough for one who is a champion
his man will not entertain them. In fact
unless the purses or the percentage of
fers are round and fat Jeffries will not
flght Ruhlin for a moment. 'The Sari •
Francisco • Club . and the Twentieth ' Cen
tury Club will be the bidders.
When Jeffries and Ruhlin were matched
to fight in Cincinnati the published agree
ment between the promoters and the fight
managers I called for s 55 per cent ¦ of. the
gross , receipts. Madden declares, how-"
ever, that the agreements was in reality
for '.0. per. cent. Judging from the com
plexion and tone of the nugilistsv, man
agers an equally high bid must be offered'
When the agreement was signed . Tues
day afternoon the sailing was smooth.
Clause" after clause was . read and then
the Whole adopted and signed without a
murmur. The clubs were notified that
bids would be in order and there the mat
ter rested. ¦ . «
At Harry Corbett's at T o'clock to-day
the bids of the fight promoting clubs for
the Jeffrles-Rdhlln mill will be opened
and the club which is to receive ,the flght
will be then awarded i he contest under
certain provisions. . '"f- i : , >"
If Bids Are Not Heavy
Enough He Will Not
Fight.
At the Bay City Athletic Club's boxing
rooms in the annex of the Mechanics' Pa
vilion seven four-round goes will : make
up the bill this evening. -James McDevitt
will be referee and Tom McFaddenand
Jim Griffin the judges. i
I The card, which is specially good,' will
be as follows: Young Snallham vs. Kid
Parker. Rob Johnson vs. George, Dough
erty, Young Mitchell vs. Jack Porter.
Jack Duffy vs. George >Peterson:>Kld
Chlnr.er vs. Kid Healy. Cyclone Kelly vs.
Young Jeffreys. Billy, Toy vs. Ted "Wolff.
City Athletic Club in'the
Annex.
Regular Entertainment of : the Bay
CLEVER AMATEUBS IN
FOUR-BOUND BOUTS
before an acceptance "will be . made. •
At the proceedings to-day Delaney will
represent Jeffries, who' with Joe Eagan
and his brother Jack left yesterday morn->
Ing for Harbin Springs. Madden will be
there for Ruhlin and Harry Corbett win
preside. .
JEFFRIES WANTS
ONLY BIG MONEY
The Martins are a most 'unmarried-like
couple. There Is nothing honeymoony
about them, nor yet is there the easy fa
miliarity that characterizes the pair
whose honeymoon has waned. They are
very correct toward one another. There
is an elegant formality about their greet
ings and moments of tete-a-tete conver
sations. Perhaps that is the reason why
all Mrs. Martin's friends persist in al
luding to her as Mary Scott and why the
secretary made the mistake of calling her
Another late arrival was "Walter Mar
tin. He came speeding along on his wheel
and made a dash to reach the side of his
brJde, fearful lest he would be too late
to see her "drive."" I But he was many
minutes too soon and he employed his
time in doing the gallant and hunting
around for a bit of string to tie back the
cuff of Miss Hager's rolled up sleeve. He
was ready with his camera when Mrs.
Martin took her club in hand. The young
husband Is authority for the statement
that, he is positive he got a splendid pic
ture. ;
"Walter Martin Arrives.
DEI> MONTE. Aug. 21.— As. early
as half past 8 this morning the
crowd sought the golf links to
watch the final game for the
golf championship. It was an
energetic crowd and followed the players
around the links. The ladles were in the
minority at that early hour, but by W
o'clock, when the golfers of the gentler
sex stood ready to begin the qualifying
game, there was a splendid gathering on
hand.
Mrs. Gllman Brown was the last one
to reach the links. She had an air of
confidence about her and there was a glit
ter of determination in her eyes, i The first
one to greet Mrs. Brown was Miss Caro
Crockett. There was a cordial handshake,
which was all the more conspicuous see
ing that the ultra-fashionables here have
decided against the palm to palm salute.
A nod on the part of the lady, a low
courtesy from 'the gentleman who holds
his hands behind his back. Is the sanc
tioned fashionable greeting.
3 2:14 class, t trotting: purse,' J1500 — Susie J won
the second and third heats in. 2:13^4. 2:1.1; Miss
.Whitney won 1 the | tlrat : heat In 2:12%.! | Akalone,
Glory, ETula Mac, • Captain Bracken,, Coxey,
2:12 clans. : trotting, the Massachusetts stakes;
value.iJ10.000— Onward Silver won third, fourth
and fifth heats ln2:08,-2:10Vi. 2 :11K: Eleata won
first ¦ and' second • heats In ; 2:09%, 2:09. : . Cornelia
Belle, Alan, Dan T." Chain " Shot.i May Allen,
Dolly k Dillon and Belle Kisser also started. ,. :
2:19 trot: purse, $1000 (unfinished from yester
day)— Leola won the third, fifth and sixth heats
In 2:15W. 2:153i. 2:17%: Sallin Simpson won the
first and second heats in 2:15%, 2:18; Vic Shel-'
ler won the fourth heat: In; 2:15%. . Henrietta,
L. | B.V Easter, . Roberta, limerick. Sphynx Las
sie.. Jacobs,' 'Ben Hal. Debut, lOneonta, Mary.
C ¦ and The Spaniard also started. - -• .: :', - '. .
:. 2:07, pace; purse, ¦ $1500 — Royal R. Sheldon won
threo straight hpats In 2:05, 2:07. 2:06%. Edith
W; nnd Bonnie Direct "also started. :.' ;-
READVILLE, Mass.. Aug. 21.— Eleata.
Frank Jones' mare, the M. & M. winner,
trotted the second heat in the race for the
Massachusetts stake, worth $10,000, at '{the
grand- circuit meeting this •¦afternoon in
2:09, lowering the stake record by one
half a second. In the next heat Onward
Silver strode over the < mlle v in 2:08. J On
ward Sliver took the last three heats and
the race. Thousands of dollars changed
hands, -for Kleata,' having taken two heats
in easy, style, was the favorite.' Summa
ries: -; .- ¦-¦,¦¦ :.» ,, ,.-: - ." . .;. •) ;,• ' ;
Heiavjr Betting and Sen
sational Racing at
- r Readville.
ONWARD SILVER
BEATS ELEATA
¦ Sometimes a .burglar causes even the
police to get rattled. ' ¦
SANTA ROSA, Aug..' 21.— Preparations
for.' Santa , Rosa's second annual street
and pavilion 'fair are now underVay.'It
will be:held during* the :-week ending Sep
tember > 28.-,.- The . City ';¦ Council to-day
granted . the j directors . a , number ! of privi
leges in the 'way of .use of streets and the
handling 1 * .of . ; special ... 'licenses. :j Fourth
street for ; -^wo ; blocks ".will .be canopied
with canvas . and ; the principal ' exhibits
will be arranged on tables and booths con
structed down . the . center and ¦ both sides.
Planning for Santa Rosa's Fair.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 21,— Hugh Swainey
met death at his own hands this morning.
For years he has been employed in a lime
stone quarry near his home, which.over
looks Santa Cruz on High street and it
was with a stick of dynamite, which ex
plosive was. used by him dally in blasting
that he ended his life. He held the stick
of dynamite in his teeth while he touched
it off. His head was blown off.
¦? Mr. • Swainey, has been a very sick man
for ; some time and this was the reason
for - his • suicide. He . was an old settler
and married a Miss Doflero of one of the
old wealthy Spanish families. - His home
was; on one of the finest sites- in this
vicinity.. He is survived by a widow a
daughter.' Mrs. Emma Kelly, and a son,
Louis Swainey. He was a native of Penn
sylvania'and 63 years of. age. -
Touches It I Off.
plosive in His Teeth and
Santa Cruz Resident Holds the Ex-
COMMITS SUICIDE WITH
STICK OF DYNAMITE
Mo pace: purse, J1000 (unfinished)— Frazler
won two straight heats In 2:14, 2:14. Re<»d
Patchen. Tommy Mac, • Darnette. St. Patrick
Dandy C and Fred H also started. '
Blrfleye, ' Prince of India. May O, r.lster!ne
Axtello, Hunter Hill, Llta Wand Ebbitt also
started. • ¦ .
4
CLUBS.
[Games iGames I Per
j Won. ! Lost- I Cent
San Francisco |
Log Angeles j
Sacramento |
Dakland j
53
44
43
39
<1 I .561
42 | .511
f 44 I .494
t 53 I .42*
CLUBS.
[Games iGames I Per
j Won. ! Lost- I Cent
San Francisco |
Log Angeles j
Sacramento |
Dakland j
53
44
43
39
<1 I .561
42 | .511
f 44 I .494
t 53 I .42*
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and ;
best toilet soap in all the
world.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAVING IS EASY,
But fortune comes to those most skillful
in exercising it. Our laundry work is sav-
ing In wear of garments and satisfactory
in results.
Perfect methods result In perfect work-
that and that only is what we turn out.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stroat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av«. ¦
DR.MEYEflS&CO.
Specialist. Disease X£^3&?^
and weakness of v^0 >)
men. Established JS^g*' vW
18S1. Consultation ffVj i T&*^> &X
and private book ~zF \\. ; .
free, at office or by /^rfLJ
mall. Cures guar-
Francisco. r<^ N^r^^Stf^BRIG RIO LOGE THAT HAS BEEN FITTED WITH TWIN GASOLINE
ENGINES BY THE UNION GAS ENGINE COMPANY OF THIS CITY.
SHE IS EMPLOYED IN THE SOUTH SEA ISLAND LABOR TRADE.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 22.
i ¦ Times and' Heights of -High and " Low
: - Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Baj\ Published by official au
¦ thorlty of the Superintendent..; | /
: NOTE— The high and low waters occur at'
the city front <Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five ¦ minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at 'both places. -
/ . ., . ; ?"
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 21.— Mate Ne
routzo3 of the lost steamship Islander
this morning filed with Captain Gaudin.
local agent of the Dominion Marine and
Fisheries. Department, a formal report of
"the disaster, upon which an inquiry will
be held. The report is practically a re
quest for an inquiry and contains no new
details beyond giving- the . exact spot
where the ship went down and an esti
mate of the loss of life and the number
saved: He estimates that the number lost
¦was forty- two and the number saved 143.
The' scene of the wreck is given as Point
Hilda, six and a quarter 'miles west by
south, three-quarters south, magnetic.
Some .interest . has been manifested in
the course which was followed on the
fatal morning, and In this connection it is
said that the pilot followed the identical
course upon which, the Islander sailed on
¦the previous. trip. A comparison with the
log of Captain Foote on prior , trips shows
that there^ was no deviation.
The quaVtermaster, a moment before
the' collision, had put his wheel over one
point,, so as to bring his ship into 'more
of a mid-channel track than 'by following
that upon which ' he was then sailing.
Had the Islander held on her -way for
three minutes longer she would 'have
probably cleared the obstacle which sent
her . forty fathoms deep. . ' ' • ¦ . »• .
• In this connection an interesting story
was told to one of the passengers by. the
captain of the * Juneau steamer Flossie,
which subsequently rescued the survivors.
He says that the Flossie passed over the
same waters as those on which the
¦ Islander was wrecked early in the. after
noon preceding- the ..catastrophe. ~ Its
navigator was looking for large bergs,
when suddenly he saw right ahead a low
lying one with its surface a little more*
than flush with the surface of the sea.
The course of the Flossie -was altered just
in time to save her from contact, with
the submerged mountain of ice. One. of
•the officers afterward remarked to the
captain what a perilous thing it consti
tuted, lying right in the track of the
Skaguay liners, and predicted that it
would bring some of them to grief.
Steamer Flossie Barely Es
capes Striking Iceberg That
Sank the Lirier.
Mate of the Islander
Asks for Official
Inquiry.
NUMBERS DEAD
AT FORTY-TWO
This is the recent decision • of one of the
prominent societies of, the world, but .the ex
act day has not yet been fixed upon, and
while there are very , few. people who believe,
this prediction, -there are thousands of others
who not-only believe, -but know that Hostel
ter's Stomach Bitters Is the best medicine to
cure - dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation, bil
iousness or liver and kidney trouble. A fair
trial' will certainly convince you of Its value.
"World to End This Year.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition - of the tides
the early morning' tides are given in the' left
hand column and the ¦ successive- tides. of the
day in the order -of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights Riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast ¦ Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by th<> charts. - The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
George Duncan Exonerated.
' George M. Duncan, the special police
man, who accidentally shot a brother
special. named Thomas Galvin while they
were examining a defective revolver last
Tuesday night, was discharged from cus
tody yesterday, the Coroner's jury having
returned a verdict of accidental death.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Stat
endam. from New York, via Boulogne.
QUEEXSTOWN- Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Cel
tic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro-
Ce Saiied Aug 21— Stmr Ultonla, for Boston;
stmr Strvia, for New Yprk; both from Llv-
Aus 21— Stmr New England; from
Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded. .
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aus 21-Stmr Suevic,
from Liverpool; stmr Teutonis. from Liverpool.
Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Liverpool; otmr Zee
land, for Antwerp. .
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Empress
of India, from Vancouver, etc, j Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
KLEELE— In pert Aug 11— Schr Forrester,
schr Oliver J Olson, from Newcastle, "Aus.V
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 8— Br stmr Coptic,
hence Aug 2. Aug 9-Schr O M Kellogg, from
Eureka. Aug 10— U S stmr Kirkpatrick, hence
Aug 1: schr F S Redfield. from Port . Ludlo w ;
bktn Archer, hence July 24:. ship Henry Vil
lard, from Seattle. .; Aug 12— Bark Kaiulani.
bktn Skaglt, from Port Gamble: Fr bark
Henrietta, from Hakodate.
¦ Sailed Aug 8— Stmr' Sierra, for Sydney; bktn
Irmgard and bktn S G Wilder, for San Fran
cisco. Aug 10— Bark Albert and schr Sehome.
for* San Francisco: schr Nokomis and ship J
B Thomas, for Puget Sound. Aug 13-^Bark,
Manna Ala, for San Franciscct; Br ship City
of Hankow, bark Rufus E Wood, for Puget
Sound. -" - s _.
To sail Aue 14— Schr Expansion.^ for Puget
Sound. ' :
HILO— Arrived Aug 6— Schr Serena Thayer,
from Eureka. . . .
EASTERN PORT. '<t ,
NEW TORIC— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Sailed July lS-Ship Astral, for
San Francisco.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Aug 20— Br ship
Drutncratp-. from Port Blakeley.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aus 20— Br stmi
Oopsck. from Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 20— Br stmi
Aoranri. from Vancouver.
FLUSHING— Arrived Aug 19— Br. ship Lao
mene. from Tacoma.
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 1&— Bark Carondelet,
from Port Ludlow.
MORORAN— Sailed Aug 20— Br stmr Flint
shire, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug 20— Br stmr Gua
temala, for San Francisco.
ST LUCIA— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr American,
for San Francisco.
¦ CORONEL— Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Hawaiian,
from New York, for San Francisco. •
ACAPULCO— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco, i
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 21— Bktn Addenda,
from Columbia River. _
MANILA— Arrived Aug 21— U S stmr Thomas,
hence July 23.
ISLAND PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Aus 21— Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 20.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug 21— Schr Ethel
Zane, for Tacoma.
REDONDO- Arrived Auk 21— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Auc 20.
TILLAMOOK-Arrived Auk 21— Stmr W H
Kramer, from Redondo.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr City of To
peka. for Skaguay.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 21— Schr Laura
Madsen, from Grays Herbor.
Sailed Aug 21— Schr Jennie Stella, for Grays
Harbor; schr Albert Meyer, for Ballard.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 21— Schr Marlon, for
San Francisco. "
Js'EAH BAT— Passed Aug 21— Stmr Oregon,
from Nome, for Seattle. . ' ¦ '
Passed in Aug 21— Stmr Nome City, from
Nome.
Per Br stmr Gaelic, from Hongkong Aug 21
—Had fresh to strong E and NE winds, with
rough head seas. Aug 8, 7:45 p m, lat 32 3o
N; Ion 171 02 E. stmr Peru, hence July 25. for
China. Aug 11, 5:55 p m, lat 26-55 N, Ion 170 17
\V, Br stmr Coptic, hence Aug 2, for China.
Auff 15, 5:30 p m, lat 23 £8 N, Ion 153 15 W,
Jap stmr America Maru, henco Aue 10, for
China. "
MEMORANDUM.
July 25. lat'l S. Ion 32 W— Fr bark Grande
Duchesse Olga, »from St Nazarie. for Oregon:
SPOKEX.
POIXT LOBOS, Aug 21, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 10 miles per hour.
TELEGR A PHIC.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
« United States Coast and Geodetic ; Survey—
Wednesday, Ausruit 21.
Etmr Eureka. Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
SUnr Gualala. Genercaux, 13 hours from
Point Arena, t .
Br Rtinr Gaelic, Finch, 29 days 14 hours li
minutes from Hongkong, "via Yokohama li
days 17'hou<» 1 minute, via Honolulu fi daya
15 hours 19 minutes.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 7 days from
Port Blakeley.
" CLEARED.
Wednesday, Auruat 21.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith. Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail BS Co.
Ger stinr Anubls, Behrmann, Hamburg and
•way ports; J D SDreckels & Bros Co.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, Hllo; Welch
& °°- . SAILED. ,
Wednesday, August . 2L
Stmr City of. Peking, Smith, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu. .*
Br stmr Milton. Rair.ey, Nanaimo.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Btmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, Fort. Bragg.
Stirr Santa Cruz, Nopander, San. Simeon, etc.
Bktn Mary Winkelman, Guttormsen. Eureka.
Schr Jennie GrHfln. Campbell, Point Reyes.
. Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Maria E Smith, Nelson, Port Gamble.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Board of Works notified the Civil
Service Commission yesterday that it will
file a requisition to-day for an elieible to
succeed C. F. Thomas as field deputy.
This action will end the squabble between
the two boards over the appointment.
Board of Works Will Be Good.
The steamer City of Peking: cleared yesterday
for China and Japan with a general cargo
valued at $236,602, manifested and destined as
follows: For China. $101,008; Japan, $59,887;
Manila, $11,252; East Indies, $3769; Korea, $6S6.
The principal exports were as follows:
To China — 199 bbls asphaltum, 5 crs bicycles,
1000 gals beer. 1C00 lbs butter, 913 lbs beans,
148 gals blackberry brandy, 6 cs boots and
ehoes, 599 cs canned goods, 1344 lbs chocolate,
1016 lbs coffee, 615 lbs cereals, 910 lbs codfish,
8006 lbs cheese, 15 cs drugs. 376 bales drills, 750
lbs dried fruit, 43 bales dry goods, 12.333 bbls
flour, 353 pkgs fruit, 20 pkgs furniture, 1813
pkgs groceries and provisions, 4 csks ginseng,
10 cs hardware, 4S8 tbs hops, 135 cs liquors, 22
bales leather, j 11S4 pigs lead, 6326 lbs malt, 10
crs onions, 35 cs salmon, 1S00 bales sheetings,
1 cs 315 gals wine, 2 cs 236 gals whisky.
To Japan— 18 pkgs agricultural implements,
62 crs bicycles and sundries, 692 lbs butter.
2000 lbs chocolate, 625 lbs cheese, 1922 cs canned
goods, 13 cs . drugs, 400 lbs dried fruit, 13 cs
electrical supplies, 1070 bbls flour, 12 cs fruit,
237 pkgs groceries and provisions, t67 lbs ham
and bacon. 16 horses, 34 bales hose, 164 pkgs
leather, 2026 lbs hides, 13 pkgs machinery, 1800
kegs -nails, 6492 Itis sugar, 44.800 tbs shot. 300
C3 soap, 126,160 lbs tanbark, 560 gals wine.
To Manila— 379 pkgs groceries and provisions,
10 cs typewriters. 12 cs boots and shoes, 37 cs
paper and stationery, 162 cs canned goods. 2 cs
dry goods, 7 pkgs leather, 2 carriages, 10 pkgs
machinery, 49 cs hardware.
To East Indies— 292 cs canned goods, 202 cs
salmon, 1S16 lbs hops, 6650 lbs coffee, 737 gals
wine, 6 bbls flour, 83 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 1 cs dry goods.
To Korea— 22 pkgs groceries and provisions,
100 cs condensed milk.
Merchandise for the Orient.
Xeed a dress suit case, traveling roll,
trunk, valise, comb, brush, lap tablet,
pocketbook, card case, billbook, camera
or anything else In leather? If you want
the best and would like to have your
name lettered in gold on fine leather
poods, free, call at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Market street. • ¦
Well, Did You Ever
The Florence will load coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu; the Fred E. Sander, lumber at Hast
ings Mills for Iquique, 55s; the'Marechal de
Villars, wheat at this port for Europe. 40s,
prior to arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The United States army transport Sum
ner v;ent on the drydock yesterday. ¦
The Leelanaw should arrive* from
Panama to-day.
The transport Warren is scheduled to
arrive here from Seattle' next Sunday.
She will be fitted out to carry teachers to
the Philippines.
The Curacao has been delayed at Mex
ican ports and wil not get back to San
Francisco until the 31st inst-
Water Front Notes.
Commencing Monday next there will be
the fastest mail service ever known be
tween San Francisco and South America.
The Compania Sud Americana de Vapores
and the Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany, commencing August 26, will in
augurate a new service. A steamer will
leave this port every second Saturday for
Valparaiso, via Panama, and will con
nect at the latter port with the steam
ship Taboga from all Central American
ports. The first vessel of the new line
will be the Palena and she is expected to
make the run to Panama in seventeen
days and to Valparaiso in thirty- five days.
Fast Mail Service.
Sailing of the Sonoma.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's So
noma will . get away on time this morn-
Ing. While In port her machinery has
been put in first class order and a good
run is expected.. A full list of passen
gers and every ounce of freight she can
carry goes away on the mail boat.
Old Brig Rio Loge Being Used in
"Labor" Trade.
One- of the last of the old full-rigged
brigs is now being used in the "labor"
trade in the Southern Seas. The Olga
whs the last seen on this coast and she
was lost in Bering Sea many years ago.
The L-urline, Galilee and half a dozen
others now trading from San Francisco
are generally called brigs, but they are
really brigantines. The vessel in ques
tion is the Rio Loge and she has just com
pleted a voyage of 3000 miles among the
islands of the Southern Seas in search
of labor for the Queensland sugar planta
tions. She has been for years in the ser
vice, but proved slow, so her owners sent
her to the Union Gas Engine Company of
San Francisco and secured two thirty-two
»horsepower gasoline engines. . Three
months ago these were put Into the Rio
Loge and yesterday she arrived at
Queensland with a full load of laborers,
nearly two months before she was ex
pected. The Rio Loge is probably the
only vessel of her kind afloat. She is a
full-rigged brig and has auxiliary twin
screws, propelled by California gasoline
machinery. She is not a large craft, be
ing only 241 tons net, 122 feet 3 inches long,
24 feet 7 inches beam and 12 feet 8 inches
deep, and was built of iron In Glasgow In
1S69.
THE LAST OF HEB KIND. '
Of course. In entering into this agree
ment the Southern Pacific is violating
the injunction Issued by the Superior
Court at the company's request- It is
also violating its faith with the Eastern
roads that route business over its rails.
Moreover, it is making the public and
the various big societies that convene
here from time to time innocent parties
to the deception by getting- them,
through their chambers of commerce and
various committees, to promulgate reso
lutions indorsing its policy. But the
scheme is a paying one: so what Is the
difference?
Ottinger seems to have realized the
chance given him. He has consolidated
his offices at Los Angeles. San Francis
co. Seattle. Spokane and Salt Lake with
those of 'Wasserman at St. Louis and
Chicago. Straub at Denver and Burnet
& Kelsko at New Orleans, and is pre
paring, with the assistance of the South
ern Pacific Company, to take charge of
the entire ticket-scalping business of the
West.
This nice arrangement not only shuts
out every broker from doing what little
business he might pick up despite the
injunction issued against the scalping of
Epworth tickets, but turns the whole
tickef-scalp!ng business of the entire
"West into the hands of Ottinger. What
the profits to Ottinger will be can only
he surmised. He will gain by what the
Southern Pacific allows him for the re
turn of the detached coupon, by the dif
ference of the price of that coupon and
thp price at which he bought it. and the
difference of the price at which he pur
chased the validated portion of the ticket
and the sum at which he again sells it
ovpr the Eastern road. Moreover. he
v.ill have the entire field to himself, as
the other brokers through this arrange
ment and the injunction concerning Ep
worth tickets are entirely shut out from
all opportunity .of doing any business
•whatever.
All Other Brokers Are Shut Out.
By this system the Southern Pacific
people are assured of receiving back at
least a portion of iheir share of the prof
it? on all tickets sold over any part
of their read. The Eastern read that or
iginally issued the ticket is left to look
after itself and has to stand the entire
brunt of the business done by Ottinger
on the validated portion of the ticket that
i? sold eastward over its lines after the
Southern Pacific coupon is detached.
To illustrate the manner In which the
scheme will work one has merely to take
an Epworth ticket for example. Say. a
passenger bought one of these tickets
from Chicago to San Francisco and re
turn and paid $50 for it. After arriving 1
at San Francisco he decides to remain
longer than the specified time and wants
to get rid of his certificate of transpor
tation. He takes it to Ottinger, who
buys it at something less than its re
maining value of $25. Then Ottinger does
business with the Southern Pacific, .re
ceiving from that corporation a certain
proportion of its share of the profits and
the ticket back with the Southern Pa
citic coupon detached. The ticket is then
validated and sold for whatever it will
bring over its line east of Ogden. Should
the owner of the ticket refuse the price
offered by Ottinger, that gentleman takes
a description of it and turns the descrip
tion in to the Southern Pacific people.
The conductors on every train are fur
nished with a blacklist composed of these
ticket descriptions and should the pass
pert be scalped by any other broker, the
unlucky purchaser will be detected as
peon as he presents it and put off the
train at the next station. "
How the Scheme Is Worked.
They claim that Ottinger has formed a
combination with J. C. Stubbs and E. O.
McCormick by which the Southern Pa
cific Company guarantees to purchase
from him its portion of all tickets scalped
by Ottinger or his agents and to validate
the balance of the ticket in consideration
of Ottinger acting as spotter and bullet
ining ail tickets onered for sale. By this
means the Southern Pacific protects it
self and offers a good thing to Ottinger,
tnougn in so doing it violates its agiee
ment with all the roads east of its sys
tem, save those that torm a part of the
Harrtaan syndicate. This agreement
does not apply alone to Epworth tickets.
Tickets of every description are embraced
in the agreement between the Southern
Pacific omcials and the broker. The prof
its to the broker promise to be so large
that he is organizing a company with a
capital of $2(X.',000 to control the business
which he expects to get.
The local ticket brokers are very much
incei*ed over what they term the crook
edness cf A. Ottinger and the Southern
Pacific Company. The trouble originat
ed in the scalping of Epworth League
tickets. The brokers now claim that,
notwithstanding the injpnetion that was
sued out against them by the Southern
Pacific people last month, that company
and Ottinger together are doing more
scalping than all the brokers in the city
combined.
Scheme of Southern Pacific
to Hoodwink Other
Railroads.
The Gaelic had strong east and north
east ¦winds with a heavy head sea all the
way across, which accounts for her being
a day late arriving. ' She made the run
from Honolulu in the good time of six
days fifteen hours.
W. Astheimer, Lieutenant. J. vpn Bonning
hausen (I. G. A.), Hu Tung Chao, Dr. G. D.
Costlgan (U. S. N.), Mrs. S. "\V. Dixon, James
E Galbraith, Dr. O. Carllpp, T. V. Halsey,
Lieutenant Charles Hermsdorff (I. G. A.). Max
Kerkovius. Miss Julia Leavitt. Lieutenant G:
L.ipp«rt (I. G. A.). Mrs. X. Lyon. Victor Marsh.
W. J. Martin. Professor A. A. Nj-land. Captain
M. A. Roberts (R. A.), George H. Winn, Chen
Chin Tao. Miss M. E. Wilson, Max Wolff,
Wang Chung Yu. D. Craig, Lieutenant H. M.
Beasley (R. A.), M. G. van der Burg. Chang
Yu Chuan, John Cowan (U. S. N.), H. Kaerger,
Mrs. James E. Galbraith and child, J. R. Gil
lingham, Mrs. T. V. Halsey, E. J. Van Hobo
ken, Franz Kyll, Wu Kim Ling, M. Lukban,
Lieutenant E. Mansfeld (I. G. A.), H. J. Mar
tin, T. A. Noble, Lieutenant W. Reuse (I. G.
A.). A. Talzon, Miss Julia A. "Winn, Wang
Chung Hui. J. H. Wilterdink, Miss I. M.
Worth, Yen? Ching Ying and Captain H.
Credner ll. F. A.).
* The Peking was delayed in getting away
from the wharf and it was after 4 p. m.
when she passed Meiggs wharf.
The Gaelic brought forty-seven cabin,
seventeen Japanese and five Europeans
in the second cabin and 201 Asiatics in the
steerage. Those who came over In the
cabin were:
PTl-^ HE Pacific Mail Company's City
I of Peking sailed for Japan and
I China and the Occidental and
IL Oriental Company's Gaelic ar
rived from the Orient yesterday.
'The Peking was behind time • getting
away and in consequence will not stop at
Honolulu. She took away a full cargo,
in which was $000,000 (Mexican) in treas
ure. Among the passenger? was Dr. May
Cariton. who is going to the Orient to
marry, and the Baroness Romano, who
will rejoin her husband, the Italian Min
ister at Tokio. The cabin passengers on
the Peking were:
For Yokohama— T. J. Jones, Miss Miller and
A. M Todd Miss J A.
Marriott. E. T. Williams and Dr. May Cariton.
For Hongkong— J. H. Bacon, Mrs. \Y. S.
Conron, Mrs. Wolf, child and maid.
Stubbs and Ottinger Con
trol the Scalping
Business.
BADLY WORST
TICKET BROKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUSRDAY, AUGUST 22, 1901.
Owing to Her Being Behind Time the Peking Will Not Call at
Honolulu on "Her Outward Trip— Brig Rio Loge Is Fitted
With Twin Gasoline Engines for the Australian Labor Trade
PEKING SAILS FOR AND GAELIC
ARRIVES FROM PORTS IN ORIENT
5
Steamer.
'rom.
>ue.
Leelanaw N. T. via Panama Aug. 22
Neko ,. Tacoma Aug. 32
Buckingham... Nanaimo Aug. 22
Santa Rosa Ban Diego & "Way Pts. Aug.' 22
Tltanla Nanalmo Aug. 22
Pomona .\. Humboldt Aug. 23
Mandalay Coquille River Aug. 23
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 24
Warren Seattle Aug. 25
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 25
Kureka Humboldt Aug. 25
Empire Coos Bay .\. Aug. 23
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Marlposa Honolulu ....:.... Aug. 28
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. Zi
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Augr. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
August 22.
Arcata Coos Bay ......
Eureka Humboldt
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts
A a grunt 23.1-
Bonita... Seattle UT.'.l "..
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
August 24.
Czarina Seattle & 1'acoma.. I
San Pedro.... Humboldt "...
- AiiRint 25.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way!
Pomona Humboldt ..........
Auk list 20.
Point Arena.. Point Arena .......
• • Anjrimt 27.
Neko S. Amer &• Europe
Gaelic... China & Japan
AiiKiist 28. <
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.
San Juan Panama & Way...]
• Aujrust 2O.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
AusriiKt 31.
Marlposa.'. ... Honolulu
4 pm
9 am
10 am
4 pm!
11 ami
2 pmj
10 am
9 am
1:30 p
Pier 13
Pier 13
[Pier. I
IPier »
Pier a
[Pier 10
PJer t
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier. 9
2 pm
Pier 2
12 m
1 pm
Pier —
PMSS
U am
12 i m
Pier 9
PMSS;
11 am
Pier 9
I 2 pm
IPier 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Queen Skatruty & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and. Teller ... Aug. 24
HumboUt...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Excelsior.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Dolphin... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2H
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2fi
Roanoke. ....... Ncme and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller....:... Aug. 27
City of Seattle Skaguay & .Way Ports. Aug. 28
Pirico.. :....... Skaguay & Way, Ports. Aug. 2S
Senator..: Nomedlrect .. .......... '.| Aug. 29
Sun rises .^
Sun sets
Moon sets - .11 :27 j
,'.5:31
.6:54
. tn.
|Time| Time |Time| |TIme|
Date i Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. I i
II XV li XV • H W . • Z, XV
22 ... 6:14 3.6 10:31 2.9 5:02 5.1 ;.....
L W| ¦ II W . L ¦ W . • H W
23 ... 0:19 0.9 7:26 3.8 11:40 3.1 5:57
24 ... . 1:12 0.6 8:24 4.1 12:46 -3.2 '6:51
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0 7:47
26... 2:44 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:36 2.7 8:40
L W| H W L W H Wl
27... 3:22 —0.1 10:27 4.8 3:22 2.2 9:31
28... 4:03— Oil 11:00. 5.1. 4:05| 1.8 10:20
Ft..
-
.....
6.1
6.2
5.3
5.4
5.6
5.7
Sun rises .^
Sun sets
Moon sets - .11 :27 j
,'.5:31
.6:54
. tn.
|Time| Time |Time| |TIme|
Date i Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. I i
II XV li XV • H W . • Z, XV
22 ... 6:14 3.6 10:31 2.9 5:02 5.1 ;.....
L W| ¦ II W . L ¦ W . • H W
23 ... 0:19 0.9 7:26 3.8 11:40 3.1 5:57
24 ... . 1:12 0.6 8:24 4.1 12:46 -3.2 '6:51
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0 7:47
26... 2:44 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:36 2.7 8:40
L W| H W L W H Wl
27... 3:22 —0.1 10:27 4.8 3:22 2.2 9:31
28... 4:03— Oil 11:00. 5.1. 4:05| 1.8 10:20
Ft..
-
.....
6.1
6.2
5.3
5.4
5.6
5.7
Steamer.
'rom.
>ue.
Leelanaw N. T. via Panama Aug. 22
Neko ,. Tacoma Aug. 32
Buckingham... Nanaimo Aug. 22
Santa Rosa Ban Diego & "Way Pts. Aug.' 22
Tltanla Nanalmo Aug. 22
Pomona .\. Humboldt Aug. 23
Mandalay Coquille River Aug. 23
Point Arena... Point Arena Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 24
Warren Seattle Aug. 25
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 25
Kureka Humboldt Aug. 25
Empire Coos Bay .\. Aug. 23
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Marlposa Honolulu ....:.... Aug. 28
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. Zi
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Augr. 31
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
August 22.
Arcata Coos Bay ......
Eureka Humboldt
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts
A a grunt 23.1-
Bonita... Seattle UT.'.l "..
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
August 24.
Czarina Seattle & 1'acoma.. I
San Pedro.... Humboldt "...
- AiiRint 25.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way!
Pomona Humboldt ..........
Auk list 20.
Point Arena.. Point Arena .......
• • Anjrimt 27.
Neko S. Amer &• Europe
Gaelic... China & Japan
AiiKiist 28. <
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.
San Juan Panama & Way...]
• Aujrust 2O.
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
AusriiKt 31.
Marlposa.'. ... Honolulu
4 pm
9 am
10 am
4 pm!
11 ami
2 pmj
10 am
9 am
1:30 p
Pier 13
Pier 13
[Pier. I
IPier »
Pier a
[Pier 10
PJer t
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier. 9
2 pm
Pier 2
12 m
1 pm
Pier —
PMSS
U am
12 i m
Pier 9
PMSS;
11 am
Pier 9
I 2 pm
IPier 7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Queen Skatruty & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and. Teller ... Aug. 24
HumboUt...... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Excelsior.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Dolphin... Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2H
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2fi
Roanoke. ....... Ncme and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller....:... Aug. 27
City of Seattle Skaguay & .Way Ports. Aug. 28
Pirico.. :....... Skaguay & Way, Ports. Aug. 2S
Senator..: Nomedlrect .. .......... '.| Aug. 29
10:25 am
6:20 pm
SOUTHERN PACIFIC,
'.Trt»ln» iMir nml mr*> itnm lo nrrlv* Mt
MAN flU.NOMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
Vicavk — ¦ From Juit U. 1301. — akritS
"sOO* Eenicia. Snisuu, hknin »ad Saerv
nieuti> 0:S.ty
7:OO.< Vaciville. Witt's. Ruuj-wy 7:55r
>>3Ua M»rtin»,x.SauUi»nii>u, V»llejo. N*p».
Cmllat<>c» anil .Sanui K<w».. ....... MiXSr
»:O<»A Datis, VVinMland. KnigDU Ittadlaz.
Marjsrillo. t>ro»llle_ 7:S3>
8:00 » AMautio V.x press— Ogdeti and Kut 12:23?
Mtotu KUes. Lathrop. Stockton ~i2»r
¦:U«ANUes. Mfiiidota. UauforO. Visalla.
Part&rrUle 4:33»
¦ <SUa Shasta. Kxpresa— Uaiis, Willlama(for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Eed
Uliiff, Porti»nd.. 7s«#
¦ -•»•* 8»u Joao, LiTermore. Stockton,
lone, HAcrainnnto. n»o«-ril!i»,
M«rysTiSI«, Uhlco. Ra.l Hlmt 4iS.1p
Sar*A Oakdale, Chlnc«a (Ycsemite). tto-
nora. Carters 4iS.tp
»:0Oa Hs» i»»rd. NilfS aud *7aj Statioos.. ¦ I i^.l \
•i«Oa Vlllejo I2i23p
M»* Lcs Aacelea Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Lathrop. ritoekton. Merced
Fresno and I«s Acgeles 7>X3r
•tB»A ?allrii). Martinez and W*r Stations ?>33r
IOiUUa The Orerland IJmlted— Ogden, Deu.
fer, Omaha. Chicago 9-.*3r
fl:AOr Sacramento Kl?er atenmera 13iO»a
SiSUp Ilaywanl. NHra ami Way .Stations.. ?i»r
4iO»r lieuicla. Winters, Haoramenta.
Wood I and. Kniiil.U Laadiiig.
Marrsville. Orufllle 10:33*
4it«P MartiiiBt, Han lUmoit, Vallejo.
Napa. Oolintucm HhiiU llOM »<*S*
4rOOr NUes, LiTermore, Stockton. Ixxli... IS>»3p
¦ 4><>»r Haywaxd. Mt1en.ban Jimm. UTcrmore t'*:-'*-'**
#:3Op Port Costa. Tr*cy, La'.hrop, Stockton 1»i33a
ttOUpTke Owl Limited— Kresuo. Tulsie.
Btkersfield. Haiigus for SuuU Bu- ':¦'¦ .
bars, IjOS Augeles 8i33»
• >OOp Martlnrx. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
v . ced, Fresno •••••••.»••.••••«••••>• 1**S3f
Bi««»F Tosemlte »*:S5»
»i80? New Orleans Exprera— MendoU,
Frwna Bakersneiu, Los Angeles.
Dtraing. El Paso. New Orleans
and £ast 7*39*
; «tO« r Havward. NUes and San Jobs 7.3-^ «
t«tO«r Vallejo I 1:85%
•>0O r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cbcjenne. ' . .
Omaha. Chicaga 13t23r
litOr Oriental ¦ ilall-Ogden. Denver. -
St. Loola. Chicago. 4iS3p
liVwrUreicuu and California Kx|<r«»,Mao. '
m<ieiit» MaryiTille. Id.ldlin.
: Piirtluml. 1'iigok Miiimtl i»ml Ka«k 8i334
•i«Sp8ao Pablo. Pott Costa. Martian
and Way SUtious ll>9.1*
t»l«3p Vailfjo 7»3-->t>
COAST LINE (NarroiT «iaii«e).
(Foot of Market Streai.) . :>?. 1} I
" 1?<4JIa Santa Cruz Excnnion lo riaota Croa
aod Principal Way Stations t».O5»
••IS* Newark. C'«iit«rtilltr.H»n.lo»«. Welton,
Boulder Creak.Sauta Omz and Way .
tuitions a,d9t
| ftil lp Newark. CenlerTllle, Baii Jose, Nhw
Almadan. Pnlton. lloiiltlar Ornek.
Hants Cmz anil l'riuviiial Way
Stations ¦••<»••>
«i13p Nanark, Han Jose. tosGatos t^t»«4
I •««!»? Gleawpod. Boulder Creek. 8aoUCro« « »i30a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
frim 811 F&43CISCO— Fmv of llarkit Str Mt (SUp l>—
t7:lS 0 00 . 11:00*. u. . 1:03 - 3:03 8:1!'. <*¦
ritaOttUIB— '(«!•( Bind > ¦ ;.— 1«:00 ta:OO 13:01
10:00 t.M. 12.C0 2:03 l:QJr.»i.
COAST LINE llt™,i (inni.).
'¦ ; • (Third Kiid Townnen«l 8t3.)
' e<IOA San Jose and Way Htationa.. ........ «i:i«a
. 17iOOa Hau Jane and Way Stations......... l»:t"P
- /7i<»«» New Aluiadtni / «ll«»
tli»<* Sunday Excursion for Bail Jcia. .- ¦ :
: Hants. Cruz. Pacitta Oro»e and
- Principal Way Stations. ISzMV
ti«»* Han Juee. HoUister. HauU Oniz.
Paeilio llroia. ballnaa. Haa Lnij
Obiipow Saota Barbai% ami Pna-
dp«: intermediate .HtHSinna T>«P»
IOiSOa Ban Joae and Way Stations.. O:3ttp
IIiIOa Han Joaa and Way Stations ........ »>ao»
IJi I5» 8au Maten, lied wood, A!»nlo Park.
Pain Alto. Hanta Clara. H»n .lona.
HoMster. Santa Vna. Saliuaa.
Monterey ami I'aoine fJrn»o MO«43»
•tSCp Sao Jnae. Tres Pinos. SanU Cruz.
• ¦ '- Padfio GroT«t and Way .Ht»li..n» 4: 1 ftp
HtlSr Pan Jnseaml Principal Way .Station* »!»»
tatOvr San Jose. Los Gatoa and Priueipal
Way Statioii!i t»:t»O»
8t30p flan Ji»f> ami Principal Way Stations »:20a
•iOOp Redwood, Han Jos», Gilrny. Sallcas.
Sanu Birbarx Lou Angeles 10:03*
• ::tOp San .ins« and Way Mtatiuus !•«:•>•»»
«lli4.%p San Joa»-»mt W»y Statioini.: 7;3Oy
A for Morniu; , . P f nr A (teruoon. .
tSumlayeicepted. 1 SunAi T only. >J
• Batnrdayoaly. ; «Mon(?.*y.
¦ • Saturday an.l Sondaj. / Tuesdays and Fridays. . .
'"~~ ¦ ' - .' K
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- : Tim In-"" TttTT — Foo« of VarkM iu
J*>t %) WEEK DAYS .... J *j» *• JJ-
8-00 a. U.I " (UMr.u.
»«)*. M. 1:15 P.M.
10^0 A. M. I gnVDATS i 3:3 ° *• "•
USOi-M. SUNDAY* V /4-JSO r\ ML
lOOr. m. hiOr. M.
2 JO p. M.J 7:10 P.M.
Fare. 8aa rruetae* is hnatt aas B«mrn, l\.t» •
Igctet Offices, 621 Market St., & Sansalito Perry ,'
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
' ~ Ixical Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.' Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:33p 3:05 a 10:30 p
•• Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:43 a
•' Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
'•• Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. ¦
,•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited 'leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Slpeplnj? Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
1o Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
big train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. ? - . ¦ . •
8:00 i>. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cats out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. no.
dally. • . 1
7:20 a.- m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points In San .Toaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak- ¦
land.
CALIF0MI& H0RTH1ESTEBI RT. CQl
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburcn Perry. Foot of Market Sfc
, Snn Frnncisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. ll:0« a. m.: 12:33.
8:30.- 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5*
and 11:30 p. m. ¦ >
6UNDAYS-8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . ( *
bun Raiael to Sai Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
2:40, 5:15- p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:85 p. m. .
SUN-DAYS— 8:10. 9:40. Jl:10 a..m.: 1:40.3:40.
6:05. t:25 p. m. <, . ' ' ¦
Leave- I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am '8:40 am
S:30 pm 9:30 am ¦ Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. ? " ¦
7:30 am " - • r Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am ; , .
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
l:S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am - .- 10:40 am 10:25 am
X:00am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:00 pm -¦ ¦ ¦ <:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
I' : - and ' , •
5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am| . 110:40 am ]10:*S am
J:30 pm| 5:00 pmj Sebastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprintrs and White Sulphur Springs: at F-Jlton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagfrs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnps, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs.- Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Vtlley.
John Day's. Riverside. I.lerley'S. Bucknell's.
Fanhedrin Heishts. Hullvllle. - Orr's Hot
Springs.- Mendooino City. Fort Brags. West-
port. Usal. . Wlllits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. . Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced* rates. •¦ , .
On - Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael < at half rates.' t , . ...
Ticket' Office. .650 Market street. Chronlcls
Buildlnsr. .'
¦ H..C WHITTNG. •. . .. -' H. X. RYAN.
• . . . ¦ Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABNV ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of l'riv«te
DLVHses, I-ost ManhooU. Debility or
disease wearlngon body anil mind and .
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cores when
others fall. Try hlra. • I'haryes low. ,
Cnr«*|rn*raiateed. Call or write.
Dr. f% F. AlB!!OK a afiu Francisco. CaL _
RAILWAY TEA VEIi.
Always in the Lead!
UnionPacificRailroad
RODTE/'
Louisville and Return... $77.50
Tickets sold Aug.. 20th and 21st.
Cleveland and Return.. .$82.50
Tickets sold Sept. 5th and 6th.
Buffalo and Return... ...$87.00
Tickets sold Aug. 22d and 23d,
Sept. 5th and 6th, and Oct., 3d
and 4th.
Three Through Trains Daily.
Time of the UNION PACIFIC
from San Francisco to CHI-
CAGO Less Than Three Days
Without Change.
DAILY TOURIST CAR SERVICE
PERSONALLY CONDUCT-
ED Tourist Excursions Every
WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY.
D. W. HITCHCOCK,
General Agent, 1). P. R. R. Co.,
' No. I Montgomery St., San Francisco.
WHITEPASSAND
YUKON ROUTE.
To the ATLIN, WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON. STEWART RIVER.
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS.
Ocean steamers connecting with rail line at
Skaguay, Alaska. . . •
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAT AND WHITE HORSE.
' Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
llnqua and . Big Salmon mines.
Direct connection made at WHITE HORSE
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION-
COMPANY'S FLEET -OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON. ¦ :
¦ Connections made I at DAWSON FOR . ALL
LOWER YUKON. RIVER POINTS. .
For freight over this route, quick dispatch Is
assured ; to the , traveler, comfort and quick
The White Pass and Yukon Route l Is the
Summer Tourist's Paradise. , n
E. C. HAWKINS, General Manager, Seattle,
» " j FRANCIS r LEE, Traffic Manager.
Skaguay, Alaska; Seattle, Wash. '
'M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent,
536 Market St.. City.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via. Sausallto Farry.
¦ Commencing April' 28, ' 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a.- m..
12-45 *1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. •6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill - Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »3:00.. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a m.. 12:45, *l:30. 2:30, *3:45. 5:00. 6:00, 7:30
p!; m.' 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Trains' marked (?) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25, ' 6:27.. 7:47, . 8:35. ;10:15
a m »12:25 1:15. 2:20. ••3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. r
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ., <?
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45, *ll:00 a. m., *12
m.; 1:00.' 2:15, *3:30, 4:30," •5:45. 6:43. 7:30. 10:10
"¦Trains maMted '(•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. 10:30
a m.. 12:35 • 1:45.' 2:45. 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p.m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on | Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 ¦ and 10:35 p. m.- ,
I- -SUNDAYS— 6:33, 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a, ,m., 12:15.
1-20 2:30 3:45.' 5:00. .6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. t
6:55 a. m_ week days-^Cazadero and. way sta-
tions.' ¦ •' - • ,. . - ••
¦ 3:15 pi m."' Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. "3@SSsSSCP4SPMQBj^j^MI^^S^d^i^tTj»
6:15 p. m. week days. (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.- .¦"-¦ - . , • .
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.' ; "; ¦•¦• ¦ ::".¦" : '"'"- ¦ - : : : ¦"•.--.¦¦., -¦•••,-.-
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way. sta-
tions. .
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Port ct-. San Francisco. CaL.
HrtaWished Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for EO-pape catalogue (free).
HAKLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
Snn Frnnel»eo, Cnl.
Boar<J!nc School for Girts. Accredited by
universities of CallJorsla and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vasrar. Fmlth end Wellesley colleges.
P.ecpens Auguft 1?. 190L
BARAK D. IIAMLTN*. Principal.
SAN FRA"CI«CO BIJSINF«S COLLEGE,
1230 Market street.
Actual business bookkeeping: only expert ac-
rountants end reporters as teachers; Grer*
shorthand, the easiest, tnrtwt and mort read-
eWe. Day and evening. FULL. COURSE. tEO.
THB LYCEUM,
>CCP.KDITKD PREPARATORY SCHOOL,
for the eniveirlty. law snd medical college*:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
profetsor. Phelan Building. .
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
y SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
' Xmu Terra Will Commence August 11
Major Geo. C. Collins. Comrnandant. •¦^.¦ :
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When a soap says : ¦ "Your
money back if you want it," that
soap is Fels-Naptha.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia. "
¦ ¦ ' , ¦ ¦¦
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEVEDORES,
LABORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages . if work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,.
2O9 Examiner BIdg.
¦¦ _ _ BAHWA7 TRAVEL.
; . ¦ ¦ ' ' - - - >
Goin^East?
Cheap Rates
via Santa Fe
The places, the rates for the
found trip and the dates of
sale' are below.. The other
details can . be had of . the
Santa Fe Agents:
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
August 20-21
BUFFALO, $87.00
August 22-23; September 5-6;
October 3-4 r
CLEVELAND, $82.50
September 5-6 : . ;
The best service and the- most
comfortable way is
Santa Fe
Ticket Office ; :\'hjljr} .• .
641 MARKET STREET *
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
cooii and;dustl,ess. '
Sally Palace and Tourist Sleepers, j -
- Dining. Car. " Meals a la Cart*.
. Library . Observation Car.
REDUCED- ROU^D TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS. '
I 8. S. BLAIR.- Gen. Ast.^ 633 Market »U "
ADVEBTISEMENT3. j . ..._.,
A SERIOUS SUMMER GOLD
A NEW YORK ALDERMAN'S LETTER CONCERNING PE-RU-NA.
»«»««» »««»•••« •"• • • ••••»»» "I contracted a serious cold last surrf-
? T^. J: ? rner which persisted in • staying with me
I jg^^j^ t and nothing would drive it away until I
' * took Peruna. Ir. four days I felt mucti
i£ll§^<^«^8fe$lli83sk * be tter. ancl at the er.d of a week all
./^SaMWHB^SwU^^^Sk * unpleasant symptoms had disappeared
*^& *^i0*&®&^Si33k. * and J was T el1 a sain. I am not in the
8^ * habit of giving testin^ionials. but I make
' " W^^^ an exception in your case with much
: " ... -• N^^©. pleasure."— LOUIS F. ¦ CARDANI.
. *^SW& iri^) ' • To catch a severe cold in the summer
II . ~^7 "^ s °^^ en a. : much more crave affair than
11 . . / *W /1 ' ' to catch cold in the winter. The depress-
f • / — «. " ' ns heat of summer. is quite apt to causa
? >U<w.r Ly " the cold to settle in some internal organ.
11 n '" Summer colds have led to more cases of
ufidaBWraBW / f kidney disease, bladder disease, liver
(.¦ \^^^3"*'GSc. */ * trouble than winter colds.
" . \ ~" A ¦ The experience of Hon. Cardani, Al-
" )ssi> 0t**^- Swl " erm an of New York City, is an illustra-
I j%&^ f v>^*' y*t wL " t ' on °' these statements. He had a sum-
¦ '^^*^# X fZy Sgb*±. ? mer colrt which persisted. Nothing
&Er%%y. \ /%/ * w °uld drive it a.way. In four days Pe-
" i A//fr/WW\. yM/''Mlffl'Z%&>^5> rUna beB::in the cure ancl in a week h0
!' *^JLV //^K^^^^^^lWry^^^ * other medicine could have done
II "* //\ E^ssT fyt - " this? Surely Peruna deserves the praise
' \&3 """ • " that so man y niillion people are giving
1 It. It Is a medicine, that ought to be used
I . LOUIS F. CARDANI. t in every family.
, It you do not derive prompt and satis-
Hon. Louis F. Cardani, Alderman 29tn factory results from the use of Peruna,
District, New York City, writes from 937 write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
Sixth avenue, as follows: full statement of your case and he will
"I know of no medicine that I would be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
rather recommend to ' the public or use vice gratis,
in my own family than Peruna. I have
never heard anything but praise from Address Dr. Hartman, President of
those who have used it, and I believe The- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
[.that it fully deserves it. - ' Ohio.
Y. ' •'¦';¦; RAILWAY TRAVEL. .
B __^-;^^^^ Nowadays it's the easiest thing in I
B" "^vZj'ffijr^H *^ e world to go cast via the Burling- ! 1
fiyJ^^^^^^ Thro' tourist sleepers leave San )
B.7 Jc^^lP^^ Francisco Tuesdays and Thursdays J
H^^^HffJ for Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City i
U 5'J^c\ an( * Louis* r
H a£v\ Thro' Pullman sleepers, San Fran- V
H 1*1 jL^\ cisco to Chicago, daily. Dining-cars ? '
Hi 1 Jr%Y a]ltheway. Library cars east of Den- \ \
Hi ¦'JL/^Jr ver. Finest scenery on the globe. ¦
H t /t^^ irmi Hlffiffitli^mi Tickets and berths at 631 Market
Hf I jj, I^WMBIiWI \V. D. Sanborn, General Az' nt.STEAMSHIPS— D. D., City. The Infor
mation asked for in relation to Atlantic
liners is not obtainable .in this city. Such
can be had only from the home office of
each company named.
FIRST BOAT-J. H., City. The first
boat that passed through the Erie canal
between Albany: arid Buffalo was the
Seneca Chief, which left Buffalo October
26, 1S25.
HARRIET BEECHER STOWE—Read
er, City. Harriet Beecher Stowe did at
one tlma write over another name. 1 She
adopted Christopher Crowfield as her
pseudonym.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr'
Sieg-irt's Genuine Imported " Angostura Bitters.*
Illiterate white Inhabitants in : Southern
and border States are ' most 'numerous
among the mountains. Kentucky has 16
per cent, Tennessee 18, South Carolina 18,'
arid - Alabama IS ':"• per : cent : of illiterate
.whites.'.-
• Special information supplied dally to
business houses ¦- and . public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Selling out. Best eyeglasses, specs," 10c to
40c. '81 4th St., front of barber and grocery-*
Choice candies r Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb'at Townsend's.*
.WASHINGTON, "Aug. 21.— The following
Californians have' arrived at the hotels:
St. James— S. C. Hartberger, San Fran
cisco; National— JJ • J. Anthony, San Fran
cisco, and E. W. 'Jones.,' -San 'Gabriel. "
Calif ornians in ¦ "Washington.
NEW YORK, . Aug. 21— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francisco
—I. Cohn, H. Schussler and T. McGee
at the Hoffman, S. Hutseman and Mrs. L.
Lebenbaum at the Herald Square, J. Bro
phy ' at the Rossmore," Mrs. L. Thorn at
the Murray ¦¦Hill and G. C. Wilmot and
wife at. the Grand. " '¦..' , ' • :
Los Angeles— Mrs. Schwatka' at Vic
torial F. N. <3pear at the Continental.
,San Jose— H. : Freeman at the Bartholdi.
1 Oakland— A.' N. .Wachs at the Grand Un
ion.^ ¦¦•--.- .,"
Calif ornians in New York.
That such a view should be held is cited by Mr.
Bingham as an evidence, of a lack of respect for the
law, for he says-. the issue is not that of a white man
against .a negro criminal, but of the preservation of
law itself. Discussing the point he says: "Our peo
ple have not been taught to respect the sanctity of
law. * * *. The .law has not been made a
terror to evildoers. Our magistrates inflict the mini
mum of.punishment^always, or if not always, the ex
ception is so rare as to make the »pe'ople wonder
The abortion of justice in criminal cases has long
been a reproach and has become a stench'in the nos
trils of decency. These are strong terms; (but : riot
too strong, for .the odor of this crime against civili
zation smells, to heaven. For years .criminals - have
gone unwhipped of justice. It is said -that i grand
juries will not' : indict on positive testimony/ and 'even';
' ¦ - "• ' ¦ -
The letter refers, directly to the recent lynching, at
Carrpllton, of which town Mr. Bingham is a resi
dent. He asserts that his observation . of the affair
led him to believe that not one citizen of Carrollton
had anything to do with it. The lynchers came in
from the country. The Sheriff, says the writer, is "a
man advanced in years; he is and always has been
a man of peace; neither by nature nor by training
was he prepared • for such an emergency as arose"
when the mob came upon him. Proceeding then to
¦deal with the cause of thc-crime- he says: "Many
persons, including some officers, did not "think
troops should be asked for, nor that opposition to
the mob should be carried to the extent of using
force; they held that erroneous view under' the r mis
taken sentiment that. 3 white man should not be hurt
by officers in protecting a negro criminal.", '
We recently directed attention to a speech made by
ex-Governor Jones in the Alabama constitutional
convention denouncing lynch' law and advocating the
summary removal of any Sheriff or other officer who'
permitted a mob to take a prisoner from his hands.
Since that time another Southern man, J. R. Bing
ham of Mississippi, has. written a public letter on the
subject and has attempted to account, for the evil.
Mr. Bingham does not give even a passing notice to
the plea that the offenses of the criminals who are
lynched are so vile that the wretches ; merit death
without trial, even to the extent of putting them to
death by fire. He attributes the whole practice to a
breaking down of respect for law.
ONE of the best signs of a possible improve
ment in the relation between the two races
in the Southern States is the number of ear
nest and influential Southern men who have come
forward to protest against lynch law and to rouse
the dominant elements of the white population to
unite in a resolute effort to starnp it out.- -
THE CAUSE OF LYNCH LAW.
It is a" curious feature of our politics that" no one
actually holding a Senatorial position has ever been
elected President, for- the fact that so many retired*
Senators. have been elected shows that the Senate is
a very good place in which to make a reputation that
puts one into the ranks of Presidential aspirants. The
list of Senators who attained that rank and yet failed
to reach the coveted prize is even more notable. than
that of those' who won it after leaving the Senate.^,. It
includes the names of Burr, Crawford, Webster, Cal
houn, Clay, Cass, Dallas, Douglas, Thurman,.'Hen
dricks, Blaine, Sherman, Conkling, Cameron, Lo
gan; Edmunds and Bayard. Other names hardly less,
illustrious than some of those .' given imight be added.
The history .of the Senate, in: fact. is. full .'of the story
of disappointed ambitions, and if there.be ¦ ¦anything
In; precedent" the Senator who. eagerly desires; to ,be
President should retire from the Senate'at" least two
years before the time- when lie expects, to make. the
1*aCP " ' •¦¦¦.'•«-».¦¦¦¦¦-;'-¦'¦''¦'¦ .-¦,'-""¦¦ '•''¦
A considerable number of Presidents had served in
the Senate before elected to the Presidency. The list
as given in the Philadelphia Record begins with
James Monroe, who was Senator previous to ¦' 1800,
and was not" elected President, until 1816. John
Quincy Adams, was the next, having been a Senator
from 1803 to 1809; but he was not chosen President
untili825. His successor, Andrew^ Jackson, was Sen
ator from' Tennessee from 1823 to 1825, and was
elected President Jn 1828. Martin Van Buren was
Senator from 1821 to 1828, and was elected President
in 1836.. , William Henry Harrison was a Senator
from Ohio from 1825 to 1828, but was not chosen
President until 1840— twelve years later. John Tyler
was Senator from Virginia from 1827 to 1836. He
was elected Vice President, in 1840? and succeeded to
the Presidency on the death of Harrison. Franklin
Pierce was a Senator from New Hampshire from' 1837
to 1842, but wa's not elected President until 1852.
James Buchanan was a Senator from Pennsylvania
frqm 1834 to 1845, and was elected President in 1856
Andrew Joknson was a Senator from Tennessee from
1857 to 1863. He was elected Vice President in 1864,
and succeeded to the Presidency upon. the death of
Lincoln, in April, 1865. Garfield became President
on the day he would have taken his seat in the Sen
ate. Benjamin Harrison's. one term in the Senate ex
pired March 4, 1887, just two years before he: was
inaugurated as 'President. ' -t/3
BY reason of the dullness of politics at this season
one of the clever^ writers at Washington has
found time to look up the records of Senators
who aspired to the Piesidency, and has compiled an
interesting review of the subject. His paper is based
upon the supposed. aspirations of Senators Allison,
Fairbanks, Cullom, Foraker, Spooner and .Hanna to
obtain, the succession to McKinley. He recalls the
popular saying that no- Senator has ever been elected
to the .Presidency, and finds it to be true to the ex
tent that no man has ever been elected President
while an active member of the Senate. Garfield, in
deed, was Senator-elect from Ohio when elected
President, but he had not taken his seat.
A Chicago engineer has suggested to the New
Yorkers an ingenious scheme for getting a water
supply from the Catskills by proposing that it be car
ried through a conduit laid along the bed of the Hud
son, thus saving the cost of rights of way; and pos
sibly the plan may be adopted, for New York, is not
always too proud to learn from Chicago.
A. .A. Nyland, a German savant . who
went out: to Sumatra to observe the
eclipse, is at the Palace. He arrived in
the city yesterday on the Gaelic from the
Orient. ' ,\ . ¦ . . -
¦ V - ~ " - ' " ¦ : • •
A number of German and English army
officers returning to their homes from the
campaign in China. are registered^ at the
various hotels. They are all junior offi
cers. *.
A. M. Befgevln, a dealer in California
wines in the East, is at the Palace from
his home in Chicago. ' ¦ .
P. Musto, one of the leading merchants
of Stockton, is among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Grand.
J. E. Koeberlel a prominent oil specu
lator of Los Angeles, is>at the Grand for
a few days. .
P. H. Lacey, a wealthy merchant of
Los Angeles, is among the late arrivals at
the Palace. •
J. D. Sproul, an, attorney and politician
of Chico, is among the recent arrivals at
the Palace.
Captain ¦ Finch of the Gaelic is at the
Occidental. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Finch. .'¦•...
P." H. Tyler of San Diego is at the Occi
dental. •
A. ,C. Bingham is at the Palace from
his home in Marysvllle.
John G. Clifford, the. Los 'Angeles capi
talist, is a guest at the Lick. '
N. S. Stockton, a mining man of Hor
nitos, is k guest at the Grand.
T. G. Roberts, "¦ a wealthy rancher of
Modesto, is a guest at the Grand.
F. M. Whitney, the Santa Barbara cap
italist, is a guest at the Palace.
Joseph R. Ryland, the San Jose banker
and capitalist,, is at' the Occidental.
Dr. J. E. Tucker, a physician of Lex
ington, Mo., is registered at the Grand.
SENATE AND PRESIDENCY.
As to our rights of interference in the Central
American troubles, it is sufficient to know that we
have the Monroe doctrine, we have a treaty giving
us the right to keep the Panama route open for com
merce, and we have the ships and the men to do it.
Daughter— Papa, what do you think of
my coming-out gown?
Papa— "Well, my dear, I don't see how
you could very well come out of it any
farther. — Ohio State Journal.
"Strawberries are not as high as they
were."
"No, but the bottom of the box la as
high as ever."— Philadelphia Press.
Hoax— There's one thing that's bound to
make a man stuck up.
Joax— "What's that?
Hoax— Trying to part his hair with a
honey-comb.— Indianapolis Journal.
The Tivoll in its fine production of
"Meflstofele" has one of the most im
portant attractions of the week. It is
perhaps the most ambitious effort the
management has made, Jn this or any
other season, both from the musical and
scenic standpoint. Dado in the title part
has made a most favorable impression,
Agostini is a Faust of sterling merit and
Montanari gives much pleasure by her
Russell in "A Royal Family" will follow.
• In a summary of the results obtained by the ex
periments it is stated that while it is evidently some
what cheaper to cook the food at home, yet there
may be conditions under. which it would be as cheap
to have it done outside. An increased demand for
ready cooked food would naturally result in a more
abundant supply of it, and a supply of a better qual
ity. Hence the investigators conclude by saying:
"When arrangements for delivering food' hot and
ready to serve arc perfected it may be found entirely
feasible to*" adopt this method of providing", for the
family table, and one feature of the domestic problem
will be solved."
By the experiments made in the cost of cooking
meat it was shown that "the actual cost of cooked
turkey, exclusive of fuel, labor, stuffing-. and other in
gredients, after substracting the market trimming,
cleaning and loss of weight due to cooking, aver
aged 20.513 cents per pound. The cost of stuffing,
etc., and cooking averaged 3.246 cents per pound as
purchased." The report adds: "The items for fuel
and labor might be deducted from the total cost of
cooking the article at home under the conditions
mentioned in the bread experiments.* That would of
course lessen the cost of the home production. At
an average cost of 23.749 cents per pound the home*
cooked turkey is still cheaper than that bought ready
cooked for 35 cents per pound."
Owing to the length of time required to obtain
accurate data for comparison for any one food, the
investigations whose results are embodied in the re
port were limited to breads and meats. Of the. first
the report says: "The average cost of producing one
pound of bread, including the cost of materials, fuel
and labor, is 5.865 cents. .The' cost of one pound,
not, including labor, is 3,72 cents. The cost of one
pound not including either labor or fuel, but merely
the cost of materials, is 2.942 cents. The ordinary*
five-cent loaf of baker's bread does not weigh a'
pound. The average of eleven loaves taken from
three different bakeries was 14.4 ounces. Hence the
cost of a pound of baker's bread is somewhat higher,
more than the cost of a loaf. A pound of baker's
bread costs 5.55 cents, which is 315 thousandths'of a
cent less than a home-made pound costs when the
cost of both labor and fuel is considered.".. It is
noted, however, that if the fuel has to be used in any
case and the labor is employed by the week and is
available for bread-making without loss of time, it
would be slightly cheaper to make bread at home
than to buy it.
The report of the work of this committee, is de
vcted mainly to the results obtained by a' scientific
study of the problem of the preparation of food in
or out of the house. In Boston, as in San Francisco
and other large cities, it is possible at the present
time to obtain ready cooked food of almost all kinds,
and it was with that supply the home-cooked food
was put into competition. The investigation was in
trusied to Miss Gertrude Bigelow and was carried
out by making experiments as to the cost of material,
the cost of labor, the cost of fuel, the cost of wear
and tear of equipment and of 'waste. It was not
found possible to make a comparison with respect
to the quality of the fcod, because, as the report says:
"There are as yet no accepted standards. Persons
disagree widely, their choice resting mainly on ac
quired taste, or preferences formed after Continued
use of certain kinds of food." %
ACCORDING to the August issue of the Mas
sachusetts Labor Bulletin the committee on
domestic service of the Boston branch of thfc
Association of Collegiate Alumnae decided in ti8o8
that the solution of the domestic problem lay not in
work with the individual domestic employe but in the
evolution of housekeeping, and accordingly it set
about studying the possibility of having more house
work done outside the home. The domestic service
committee was therefore transformed into a com
mittee on domestic science, and investigations were
started to find out the comparative cost of laundry
work, cleaning and cooking when done by outsiders
or by domestic servants. . »
HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
- • • a
The "maid of the air." Lunette, still
heads the bill at the Chutes and Zoo, and
a novelty for to-night at the usual Thurs
day night amateur performance will be a
Chinese minstrel show.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
> • •
Among the clever entertainers at
Fischer's Concert House are Coleman and
Mexis, sharpshooters; Fannie Raymond,
ballad 1st; Paul La Croix. novelty jwggler;
Camelia and Amelita. Spanish dancers;
Irene Franklin, cornet soloist; P. A.
Dunsworth, the popular tenor; Leo and
Munroe. eccentric comedians and dancers,
and Jones and Brown, colored funmakers.
Hinrichs' Orchestra Is always popular.
able impression in the part of Agnes Rod
man, and is very well supported by the
Central talent. "The Two Orphans," an
evergreen play, will be seen next week,
and the great scriptural drama, "A. Voice
From the Wilderness," will follow. Its
first production Is to be given on Septem
ber 3.
- • • . - • _ v •./¦__
There is an unusual array of talent at
the Orpheum this week and there are
packed houses at every perform
ance. The Cragg family of acro
bats perform the most extraordin
ary feats ever seen here, and Louisa
Thorndyke Boucicault, supported by Hei£
bert H. Pattee. Is received with fa
vor In "A Proper Impropriety." The Le
febre Saxophone Quartet discourses pleas
ing music, the four Otts amuse in "The
Smart Set" and Richard Jose is applauded
to the echo for his contra-tenor solos. Tho
rest of the bill is excellent. On Sunday
Lucille Saunders, dramatic contralto, late
of the Metropolitan English Grand Opera
Company, will sing for the first time In
this city.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Lady Huntworth's Experiment" is
proving a much more popular bill at the
Columbia Theater this week than any-in
trinsic merit of the play warrants. But
the good acting -of several members of
the Daniel Frohman. company, that have
the play in charge, serves to redeem
somewhat, the comedy's inherent weak
ness. Next week another comedy by R.
C. Carton will be presented, '.'Wheels
Within Wheels," which is said to offer
much happier opportunity to Miss Hilda
Spong, the beautiful leading lady of the
company, as well as to the other clever
folk in the- organization. "Wheels Within
Wheels" has. enjoyed long runs in many
Eastern cities, including New York, Bos
ton, Chicago and Philadelphia. Annie
"Barbara Frietchie," the most popular
bill of the Neill season at the California
Theater, is having a successful revival
this week. Crowded houses have greeted
the pretty play, and the wisdom of the re
vival has been amply justified. Edythe
Chapman in the title role is her most
charming self, and Mr. Nelll makes out
strongly in the part of Captain Trumbull.
The play is well costumed and effectively
staged. "Rosemary," John Drew's big
success, will follow.- . jt ¦
•week "Romeo and Juliet" will be given.
White Whittlesey and Miss Roberts, of
course, appear In their .well-remembered
parts of Romeo and Juliet, and ttie rest
of the cast includes Lucius Henderson as
Mercutlo, Barton Hill as Friar Lawrence
and Marie Howe as the nurse.
It is to be noted in this connection that the Chines©
immigration question is not now a Pa
cific Coast issue. The number of Chinese in the East
is increasing rapidly. ( There is. already a considerable
colony. of them in New York and another in Boston,
and it was recently found that a large number of
them make their way,, into the country across the
Canadian border into New : .York or New England.
It is accordingly evident that an extreme watchful
ness'will have to be kept over the working of every
clause in a treaty that gives to the Chinese any^ right
whatever to 'enter the country, i
For the purpose of checking this evil the treasury
officials, it is announced, have decided to take advan
tage of the proviso in ''the treaty that stipulates that
they shall be satisfied of the good faith of the China
man seeking to go through the United States to a
foreign country, and instructions will be sent the offi
cials at San Francisco "jto require that e£ch Chinaman«
claiming Mexico as 'his destination shall establish
his good faith. If the Chinaman is under contract to
perform labor in Mexico he may present his contract
as evidence of good faith, but in case of his failure to
satisfy the officials he will not be permitted to land..
It is said that during the. last few years many thou
sands of Chinese have been landed at. this; or other
American ports under alleged contracts- to work on
plantations and railroads in Mexico. They have been
permitted to pass in accord withthe terms of. the
treaty to that effect, but investigation- on the part of
the treasury officials has brought to light the fact
that hardly ip per cent of them ever reach the points
to which they are ticketed. It is said they leave the
trains near the northern border of Mexico and in a
short time reach the United States and scatter over
the country. '-• .T
REPORTS from Washington are to ; the effect
that the officials of the Treasury Department
have long been of. the bpjnion that Chinese
are taking undue advantage of the j law -which ' allows
them to pass through the_ United States when oh
their way to some foreign country, and that instead
of going to their alleged destination' they manage by
one means or another to remain in "the United States;
or to return to it. "'¦ .•'.-.- .•
CHINESE EXCLUSION.
Two lovers sitting en a-railroad crosstie fell asleep
and were struck by a locomotive and knocked twenty
feet without being seriously hurt. Of course the inci
dent happened near Philadelphia/as it is only in that
region that lovers go to sleep when taking a stroll.
THURSDAY.. ............... ...AUGUST 22, 1901
; * ' *' \ " : r ¦ !
JOHN D. SRRECKELS, Proprietor.
Acdrtsi All CenaaunkatioEs to W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
IIASAGER'S OFFICE Telephone PreM 2O4
PIBLICATIO.y OFFICE.. .Market and Third, S. P.
'i':_ Telephone Press 201. "" '
EDITORIAL. ROOMS...;.21T in 221 Stevenson St.
¦ A »" v _ Telephone Fres«n 202. . " - ;
Delivered l»y Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copten, 5 Centx.
Term* 1» >• M n i I . Including? Poatnee:
DAILY CAL.L. (Including- Sunday), one year » $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.r.0
PAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 150
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 05c
STJXDAY CALL One Year. ........' l- r »0
WEEKLT CALL One Tear.... 100
All ponfmaatern are anthorliffd to receive .
trabncrlption*.
Sample copies will be forwardsd when requested.
Mall robserlbers In ordering change of artless should be
particular to glx-e both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFlCEl HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE / KROGNESS.v
Ytttfrtr Tenlm UrtTtitint:, Marquette Eoilding. Chieag).
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2C19.")
NETV YORK CORRESPONDENT:-
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"Waldorf- Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
Marguerite. The classical Sabbath scena
is really a beautiful s\age picture, and
the witches' scene on Iho top oi the
Brocken is one of the rest bits of stage
management seen here 'for some time.
The. "Barber or Seville" the other bill
of the week, and the RofWlni gem Is get
ting an adequate rendering at the hands
of Repetto, Russo, Ferrari, Nlcolinl and
Cortes!/ The house is being packed to the
doors. 1
• • \
"Men and "Women" Is the play
this week, and is pleasing: laige audiences
at the uptown house. Annette Marshall,
the new leading lady, has made a favor-
There are many instances that might be studied
with profit by public officers who interfere when
business men invoke the law to protect their prop
erty.
The strike may be over in a week or it may last
a year. Whatever its duration the friendliest act
toward all parties concerned in it is the restraint of
their passion and the prevention of widespread dis
order. The industries and business of the city are
bound to suffer any way, and in. some lines will be
permanently impaired. To the extent to which they^
suffer, either permanently or temporarily,, the labor- .
ing men themselves will suffer with the rest of the
community. If to this inevitable effect be added the
consequences of disorder and riot there will follow
an increase of injury that will be serious. It has
been the uniform testimony of strikers after a strike
is over that their best friends were those ¦ who re- ,
strained their excesses, and their worst enemies
those who encouraged them to violence. The public
officer who appears, as this Supervisor has, in oppo
sition to the means of enforcing the law and pro
tecting life and property, as a rule gets no benefit
from his violation of duty. ' In the railroad strike
1 of 1894 the Sheriffs of Sacramento and Alameda
counties were especially . subservient to the strikers
and permitted them to go to all sorts of excesses.
The Sheriff of San Joaquin County and the Chief of
Police -of the town cf Alameda, on the other" hand,
bravely did their duty and protected property against
the mistaken zeal and temper of the strikers. At the.
election which followed the two truckling Sheriffs
were badly beaten, the ex-strikers cutting them every
where, while the San Joaquin Sheriff was re-elected
and the Alameda Chief of Police is now Sheriff of
his county.
But. be this as it may, the citizens who have-asked
for special police are not paying the till for pastime
or to make a point against anybody. They are by
law the judges of the necessity. The law fixes the
steps necessary to be taken, and it is merely a dema
gogic play with fire for this Supervisor to attempt a
roundabout nullification of the law and the right it
gives the citizen by adding to the cost of the enjoy
ment of that right. '
All men know thatthe heat which brings a man to
that depth of inhumanity is not far from the temper
ature of murder.
An incident like that shows a bitterness that is un
known in battle and between the members of clash
ing armies. No soldier refuses to succor a wounded
THE reputation of San Francisco' for law and
order should not be imperiled. The law pro
vides for the appointment of special policemen,
with the authority of regulars, to protect person and
property, and to be paid by those who require such
protection. As the citizens who ask for the benefits
of this law are supposed to know whether they need
protection and as they pay the bill, it is unbecoming
in any public officer to obstruct or burden the means
by which they are protected. Such obstruction is the
ordinance offered by a member of the Board of Su
pervisors compelling specials to be uniformed like
regulars. This is intended to so increase the ex
pense of protection that many cannot afford it, with
the possible result of bringing on riots and the loss of
life and property. Daily events in this city support
the demand of the citizens who ask the protection
for which they are willing to pay. The unwise and
intensely inflammatory appeals made by individuals
and in the press have put life and property in peril.
When feeling has reached such a pitch of bitter in
humanity that a hack driver, refuses to take to his
home a man sorely and perhaps fatally wounded by.
an accident aboard ship because he did not belong to
a 'union, and leaves him perhaps to die in the street,
it is useless to insist that everything is peaceable.
"LORD AND LADY ALGY" TO CLOSE
FRAWLEY SEASON AT THE GRAND
BROTHER OFFICERS" Is the good
bill at the Grand ¦ Opera-house,
this # week, presented by Mr.
Frawley and his company. Mr.
Frawley takes ' the leading role of
Lieutenant John Hinds,' and it is among
his best efforts. This evening will be a
souvenir performance. A photograph of
Miss Van Buren is to be gpiven to each
lady attending the theater. The conclud
ing bill of the Frawley season will be
"Lord and Lady Algy,' by R. C. Carton,
which "will be given next week.
* •- » -. •"_
"Silver Mounted Harness" is in its last
nights at the Alcazar Theater, and next
That the view taken by Mr. Bingham is the right
one can hardly be doubted. For a time some persons
might have been 'convinced that lynch lawj was re
sorted to only in extreme cases, but of late men have
been lynched for petty stealing or other offenses
hardly much grosser, and it has been! found impos
sible to get juries to convict the lyrrchers. It is there
fore not a spirit of race prejudice only but one of
lawlessness that the South has to combat. The fight
will be difficult, but it can be won if the Southern
leaders are true to their people. Every : such plea as
that made by Mr. Bingham. is an influence for good,
and in- the end such men are bound to. prevail unless
the Southern people be ready to relapse into bar
barism. -.
when by : some mischance a bill is found the petit
jury will not convict. While I have my. own opinion,
I give instead what is -common street talk when I
say bribery - and corruption : prevail to an ""alarming
MAINTAIN ORDER.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAYv AI3GUST 22, 1901.
TWO POPULAR ACTRESSES
WHO ARE APPEARING AT
LEADING THEATERS. | »
6
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harnefs."
.Grand Opera-house— "Brother Officers."
Central — "Men and Women."
California — "Barbara Frietcnie."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. ""./.'
Columbia— "Lady Huntworth's Experiment".
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. '
Chutes, Zoo And Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnc
Fischer" s— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths— Swlmmins.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
ATTCTIOir SATYRS.
By Wra. G. Laynp— This day, at 11 o'clock. Fine Road
Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By Gallock. & Vincent— This day, at 11 o'clock, the Hotel
Robinson. 1049 Market street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOM FOR THE SDHMER.
Call •nbvcrlbers contemplating; a change «f
re^ideace daring the Rammer months can liav«
their paper forwarded by mail to tUcir lew
addresses by notifying; Tbe Call Business OHloo.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all inmintr
resorts and Is represented • by a local affeat Im
ill towns on the coast.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL I
HOW RICHARD H. COOPER FOUND THE |
REGALIA OF AGU1NALD0. w |
BEGINNING. OF A SERIES OF ARTICLES S
7 FOR WHIST PLAYERS. I
A NEW BIBLE PLAY FOR SAN FRAN- I I
CISCO. 9
HAVE YOU THOUGHT OF THIS: DOES 1
? THE CAMERA LIE? |
DO YOU KNOW WHO HE |S ? THE PRINCE I 1
OF WASHERWOMAN'S BAY. i
FIGHTING THE WESTERN GRASSHOP- I
:^gfffi PER ON NEW LINES. |
THE ARTISTS' COLOMY AT MOMTEREY. 9
BOOKS AND FICTION AND SPORTS, j
THE "lHREE" SVENGALIS WHO HAVE MYSTIFIED ' I
THE PUBLIC OF TWO CONTINENTS. fThe only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 12G California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
Voluntary petitions were filed as fol
lows: Simon Harris, dry goods merchant,
Oakland. liabilities 513,270 6S, assets
$5169 S5; M. F. Davis, hotel-keeper, Shasta
County, liabilities $1876 75, assets $200;
James F. Burpess. farmer, Santa Rosa,
liabilities 518.401 35. assets $13,100; J. M.
Newbert, clerk, San Francisco, liabilities
$1451 70, no assets.
Heller, Bachman & Co. and other credi
tors of the Queen Company filed. a peti
tion yesterday In the United States 1 Dis
trict Court to have the Queen Company
of this city declared an involuntary bank
rupt. -
Petitions in Insolvency.
The president of the board was au
thorized to employ two consulting phy
sicians to examine applicants for positions
as teachers. Minora E. Kibbe. M. D., filed
an application for ono of the positions.
Silas White, Miss J. B. Gorman and
Mrs. Jeannett Wallace were placed on the
retired list at their own request and will
draw annuities to which they are entitled,
according to their years of" service.
The sum of $2000 was set aside for the
purchase of supplementary books.
The lot at Seventh and Harrison streets
was leased for one year for the purpose
of establishing a playground for the dis
trict south of Market street. A complete
apparatus for outdoor athletics will be in
stalled thereon. . .
Money for Supplementary Books.
.The class for deaf and dumb children
was ordered established in .the Harrison
School. It will be opened on August 26
and placed In charge of Mrs. Holden, who
will receive a salary of $75 per month. Sho
will have fourteen pupils in her class.
A new class will be formed in the Irv
ing M. Scott School.
A resolution providing that a substitute
appointed for six or more months shall
draw full pay for the position occupied
was adopted.
M. E. Blanchard was temporarily re
lieved from his position in the Lowell
High School and placed in charge' of the
Hancock School.
That the board turns the cold shoulder
on teachers in the department and Is par
tial to strangers with influence was dem
onstrated in the transfer of W. H. de Bell
from the princlpalship of the Hancock
School rb that of the Spring Valley School.
Bell is a new recruit from the university,
but has been favored to the exclusion of
older educators in the department, not
withstanding the boasted predilection of
the board for the merit system. .
Board Partial to Strangers.
Superintendent Webster was not pres
ent at the meeting of the board yester
day, as he was busy preparing his an
nual report. No date. was set for the
trial, but a letter * was read from Miss
Hurley, principal of. the Sherman School,
in which Miss Dwyer was teacher.^ , In
the communication Miss Hurley alleges
that Miss Dwyer is possessed of an un
governable temper and asks that in. the
interest of harmony " she be transferred
to some other school. It is interesting to
note that in her report on the efficiency
or Inefficiency of her teachers, filed with
Superintendent Webster on June 20, Miss
Hurley wrote that Miss Dwyer was
"satisfactory as a teacher and satisfac
tory as a disciplinarian." Miss Hurley
at the same time made a plea for Miss
Dwyer's transfer because of her alleged
ungovernable temper and her proneness
to dictate to her principal. Miss Dwyer
was subsequently transferred to the
Irving School by resolution of the board,
which has never been rescinded. After a.
perfunctory investigation the president of
the board suspended Miss Dwyer.
Principal Hurley begged Superintendent
Webster, to let the matter "drop, as • she
had not asked for Miss Dwyer's dismissal,
but only for her transfer. ¦ On the utter
failure of the prosecution to establish that
Miss Dwyer had been guilty of unprofes
sional conduct or conduct unbefitting a
teacher, Webster, after an exhaustive In
vestigation, refused to prefer charges. The
board is bent on ousting the teacher, how
ever, and has condemned her beforehand,
as it did In the case of. Miss McKenzle.
In fact, at the conclusion of the prelimin
ary investigation Director Kincaid was
much put out because Webster would not
prefer the charges, saying, "Why, can't
you see that she is guilty?" Another prin
cipal has > been pressed into service in the
prosecution of Miss Dwyer. C. B. Bar
low, principal of the Irving School, sent
a .letter to the board yesterday stating
that Miss Dwyer taught in his school dur
ing, the Barrington board's regimg and
that she was then possessed of a temper.
¦ , The \ Board of Education has been de
tected in a barefaced attempt to railroad
Miss Jean A. Dwyer, a teacher in the de-
partment, out of her position. Notwith
standing the fact that Superintendent
Webster, who Is clothed by the charter
with the power to investigate charges
against a teacher, has notified the board
that no one has yet been found to stand
by the. charges against Miss' Dwyer, the
board will proceed to try her on its own
account. '
Superintendent Webster De-
dares Her Guiltless of
¦ 4 '
Is Bent on Railroading
liliss Dwyer Out of
Department.
BOARD WOULD
OUST TEACHER
The California State Floral Society- will
hold a' complimentary "dahlia show" - at
Central Hall, 223 ¦ Sutter street, Monday,
September 2. Cash premiums will ¦ be
awarded, for the best exhibits. The com
mittee of arrangements is "composed of
the following • members:' Mrs.' J. R. Mar
tin, Mrs. W. S. Chandler, E.Gill and Mrs.
T. Sachau., All communications 'should
be addressed to F. A., Miller, ,. manager,
215 . Hayes" streets •" .'¦ ' ' ¦
Dahlias Will Be Exhibited.
Mrs. Scott of 221 Sixth street" invited a
neighbor, Mrs/Lick, to her residence last
night to help her dispose of a few bot
tles of beer. Under the Influence of the
liquor both the -women , grew argumenta
tive, and they, determined to settle the ar
gument with the . empty bottles. Mrs.
Scott proved the stronger, and after
breaking several bottles over Mrs. Lick's
head wound up the encounter by securing
a half-Nelson or. Mrs. Lick's ear with her
teeth and biting the lower portion of it
off. Mrs. Lick was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital by Dr. McElroy.
Mrs. Scott Chews Mrs. Lick's Ear.
Is much pleasanter when it Is. observed
on an artistic timepiece. . We have just
received a large shipment of gold clocks,
the finish of which is incomparably beau
tiful. Yet they are reasonable in price.
Sanborn.-Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
The Flight of Time
Struck Chinese Cook With. Fork.
Katie Ware, a waitress in the Beresfonl
Hotel, at 600 Bush street, had an alterca
tion with a Chinese cook named Lee Sam
last evening and during the trouble hurled
a fork, striking the Chinaman in the
cheek, cutting a slight gash. Miss Ware
dropped a tray of dishes in the kitchen
and refused to pick it up when ordered to
do sp by the Mongolian. The latter in
sulted her and she threw the fork.
Will Select Library Site.-
Mayor Phelan yesterday appointed Su
pervisors Boxton, BranJenstein and
D'Ancona a committee for the selection of
a site for the library to build which An
drew Carnegie donated money. ->
Isadore Schwartz and his daughter, An
nie Mensor, have been .ordered to appear
before Judge Graham on Friday to show
cause why they should not be punished
for contempt of court. Mrs. Mensor was
divorced from her hnsband on the ground
of cruelty. In the decree.it was provided
that Mensor should be permitted to see
his child between the hours of 1' arid 4
o'ejock Sunday afternoons. Last Sunday
Mensor endeavored to see the child, but
was refused admittance to his former
wife's house. Mensor avers that Schwartz
advised his daughter not to permit him
to enter the house. The result was the
citation? for contempt.
Disobeys Court's Order.
The Institute ..will now be enabled to
provide fbr all societies wishing to affil
iate with it. The usual Institute classes
will reopen the first week in September.
L. P. Latimer will teach the freehand and
G. A. Behund the mechanical drawing
class.
The members of the association will in
future hold meetings in the assembly
room, which the trustees have determined
to establish. The new apartment will
be made by moving the chessroom into
the old reading-room and putting all the
magazines from the reading-room Into
the library proper. The old chess room
will be fitted up for an assembly hall and
all meetings of members of the Institute
and the annual lecture course will be held
in it.
The proposition of the California Asso
ciation No. 3 of the National Association
of Stationary Engineers to affiliate with
the Mechanics' Institute was brought up
at the meeting of the board of trustees
of the library Tuesday night and favora
bly acted upon.
Library and Will Meet There
in Future.
The . Stationary Engineers Join the
AFFILIATED WITH THE
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
Lyons & Co. state that in no way will
they assume responsibility for the mon
eys advanced to Stanley by those from
whom he took orders, that being a matter
which Lyons & Co. say only affects Stan
ley and those from whom he "borrowed."
At Ukiah it is said that Stanley decided
to become cowboy. He engaged in nu
merous fights in true cowboy style and
finally, reports state, he fell 'into the
hands of the country constable for bad
riding, which resulted in the loss of a
front porch to one of the town hotels.
Finally E. G. Lyons & Co. located Stan
ley by phone at Willetts, ordered him to
return the team to Santa Rosa and send
in his resignation. Stanley took the team
to Santa Rosa, as directed, and since then
he has not been seen by his employers.
Two months ago Stanley was directed
by his employers to "make" the moun
tain route through Lake and Mendocino
counties. His employers say- that he
"made" the route and while making it
"went the route." He hired a team at
Santa Rosa and drove away into the wil
derness of hills and vales. Finally his
employers say the only evidence they had
that he was still "working" was that
bank drafts for his expenses constantly
arrived. It was decided to locate Stanley
by telephone. Orders for goods, E. G.
Lyons & Co. aver, came in with a state
ment to the effect that a portion of the
money due the firm on the orders had
been advanced to Stanley.
L. H. Stanley, drummer by occupation,
cowboy for fun, has, upon request, sev
ered his connection with the firm of E. G.
Lyons & Co., wholesale liquor dealers, 549
Mission street. Stanley's connection with
the firm lasted only six weeks, but It is
said they were full of joy— for Stanley.
But Have Not Seen Him
Since.
His Employers Call Him in by Phone,
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS i
WILL GIVE BAEZI PARTY
Bazor "Wielders Will Participate in
an Enjoyable Old-Fashioned
Function.
The first annual ball and barn party of
the Journeymen Barbers' Association, Lo
cal 148, International Union of America,
will be given this evening at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The affair will be' old-fashioned in
character and a number of guests will be
attired in quaint costumes peculiar to the
functions given in country places.- The
order of dances is a lengthy one and the
musical selections for the same. have. been
dedicated to the various unions affiliated
with the journeymen barbers. The fol
lowing are the committees having the af
fair in charge, who have worked hard to
Insure its success:
General committee— A. E. "Wray, president-
George F. Aubortlne, vice president; I Less'
financial secretary; I, WidowskI, recording sec
retary: Geonre Rarrett. treasurer; Alfred Gran
ger, guide; L. Gatge. guard.
Ball commHtee— Al Granger. A. E AVrav
George F. Auberttne, A. Brown and I Less''
Floor director. A. E. Wray; assistant floor
manager; O. I. Smith. M. T. Alliman J .T
Preston. W. Vail and T. Mazziotto.
Reception committee— J. R. Blelly, J "w
Douglass. R. G. Bunch and F. A. Ancleto
Men are like potatoes— they never know
when they will get into hot water.
HAPPY COUPLE WHO WERE
MARRIED IN THIS CITY LAST
EVENING.
DRUMMER STANLEY HAS
FUN PLAYING COWBOY
CAPTAIN JOHN MBTCALFE and
Mrs. Annie Cave North were
quietly married in the main parlor
of the Palace Hotel last night.
None but the immediate relatives
and friends of the bride and groom were
present and after the ceremony the
happy couple left for Vancouver, B. C,
whence they will go to Banff to spend the
honeymoon. On their return Captain
and Mrs. Metcalfe will reside at 2319 Cen
tral avenue.
Captain Metcalfe came here In 1S75 as
master of the White Star liner Oceanic.
The vessel was under charter to the Oc
cidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany and Captain Metcalfe ran her be
tween here and Hongkong until 1889. He
then retired from the sea and has since
represented Lloyd's in this city. Mrs.
North formerly lived at Menlo Park, but
latterly, has made her home in this city
with her mother. She and Captain Met
calfe , are old friends, so their marriage
does not come as a great surprise to their
acq uaintances.
The ceremony was performed last even
ing by the Rev. Dr. Gardiner of Palo Alto.
The noise on the boss bench has sub
sided since it became known that many
more independent Anti-boss delegates
were elected to the Republican convention
than the first estimates gave. . The cer
tainty of formidable opposition from the
Labor party will cause both the old par
ties to throw overboard the dead weight
of bossism and put in the race clean
tickets. The election promises to become
so important that a vote approximating
the full registration of 75,000 will be cast.
The shouting and the tumult disturb not
Boss Martin Kelly, who is preparing his
great speech to the Republican conven
tion. Herrin, Lynch and the smaller bosses
of the alliance grow green with envy
when they fancy Kelly at the head of his
delegation responding to the first name
on the roll of the convention.
General E. S. Salomon and Frank Mc-
Gowan are candidates for the nomination
for District Attorney on the Republican'
ticket. Mr. McGowan is pretty certain of
the support of the Grand Hotel party,
which elected five delegates to the con
vention. The bosses have on the slate
ex-As&emblyman Arthur Fisk, the Ex
aminer'* Republican candidate. '
The leading candidates for Mayor in the
Republican party are Judge Bahrs, Audi
tor Wells. Charles L. Patton, Charles S.
Laumeister and Henry J. Crocker. Men
tion is made of Harbor Commissioner
Kirkpatrick, but there is no intimation
from Mr. Kirkpatrick or his intimate
friends that he would accept. '
Leading Republican Candidates.
Enthusiastic advocates of the new de
parture in municipal politics claim that
18,000 union members and 10,000 sympa
thizers will vote for the candidates of the
Labor party. Leaders of the new move
ment say that if the ticket is successful
in the local campaign steps will be taken
to extend the organization so that a
ticket for State officers and members of
the Legislature may be placed in .the field
next year. ' -*
The Republican Primary League, which
was supported by -eight thousand two
hundred voters and which elected 127
delegates to the primary on the 13th inst.,
is not relaxing Its efforts to induce voters
to register for the municipal election in
November. The allied bosses in their at
tempt to programme the convention have
bumped up against several solid delega
tions of the league. The headquarters of
the league at 930 Market street are open
daily from 9 a.m. until 10:30 p. m.
It seems to be settled that Eugene E.
Schmitz, president of the Musicians'
Union, will be the Labor party's nominee
for Mayor. A committee consisting of
twenty-five delegates to the convention,
each delegate representing a labor union,
waited on Mr. Schmitz at the Columbia
Theater yesterday afternoon. The politi
cal situation in all its bearings was dis
cussed. At the conference the committee
tendered to Mr. Schmitz the nomination
for Mayor on the ¦ Labor ticket. He
agreed to accept on the condition that
the nomination should be unanimous as
far as the delegates to the convention
were concerned. Mr. Schmitz is a well
known citizen and a director of the Re
publican Print ary League.
Political gc/Nip in labor circles is to the
effect that Hr*'*V. Hutton, attorney of the
Labor Council, will be nominated for Dis
trict Attorney by the Labor imrty con
vention. For the office of County Clerk,
ex-Assemblyman ' M. M. Coffey is men
tioned. It is said that J. W. McAdams,
secretary of the Labor Council, will be
chairman of the convention, which is
called to meet in Metropolitan Temple at
10 a. m., September 5.
Primary League Still Active.
The list of candidates for the Board of
Supervisors is increasing. Horace Wil
son and George Sanderson are each will
ing td serve another term. New candi
dates in the field are: Charles Stanyan,
J. H. Wllkins, Henry Stern, Joseph
Nightingale and George M. Pefine. Henry
Ste.rn of the Forty-third District is Jake
Shaen's particular friend.
The Thirty-ninth District delegation or
ganized Tuesday night and elected Meyer
Jacobs chairman. The Thirty-eighth
District delegation has elected Al Haacke
chairman. The Forty-flrst District dele
gation will meet this evening at 1922
Broadway and organize. - An effort ' was
mads Tuesday to organize the. Forty-fifth
District delegation, but two members re
fused to go into caucus.
Delegates to the Republican Municipal
Convention talk of giving to each Assem
bly District delegation the right to name
one candidate for the Board of Super
visors. It happens that the number of
Assembly districts in San Francisco —
eighteen— corresponds with the number of
Supervisors to be chesen. If Martin
Kelly should name a trusted lieutenant In
the rpRrenty-eighth and Sam. Rainey-pre
sent a push statesman from the Forty
fourth the convention would be- expected
to Indorse the district recommendations.
Republican Talk of Giving
Each Assembly District
a Supervisor. .
Eugene EL Schmitz Will
Accept Nomination
for Mayor.
MAN TO LEAD
LABOR FORCES
THT3 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY; AUGUST 22, 1901.
Captain John Metcalfe, Lloyd's Agent, and
Mrs. Annie Cave North Made One by the
Rev. Dr. Gardiner at the Palace Hotel
QUIETLY WED AND LEAVE
FOR A VISIT TO BANFF
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;"
r < _ -
COPYRIGHT 1100 BY THE PROCTER A «AM»LI CO. CINCINNATI
INSURED.
\"\ 7"P^ insure your house against fire. You know
tfjMfx* what ipeople would say if it burned down
TyfY without insurance. They would say you
were wanting in business sagacity, that you
should have provided for this. Now leave house insur-
ance and consider clothing insurance. Here the danger
is even greater — not from fire, but from the chemicals i
and strong soaps used in the laundry. Wise women
insure their finer, more delicate and perishable things
against this risk, and the premium they pay is the
' trifling cost of Ivory Soap. That guarantees protection.
IVORY SOAP— IT FLOATS. 3*»
Quarryman Injured.
William Smith, a quarryman employed
at Warren's quarry, on the San Bruno
road, -was' severely injured yesterday by
being struck on the leg by a falling rock.
He was treated at the City and County
Hospital.
Hurricane Kills Spaniards.
SARAGOSA. Spain. Aug. 21.— A hurricane
has swept over the village of Vlllarogo
Jllota. Forty buildings were razed, six
persons were killed and numbers were in-
jured. The damage done is estimated at
several million pesetas.
NEW ADVESTISEMENTS. '
VASELINE.NO GOOD FOR HAIR.
» v'
*"- ."- .- v<* ¦ ¦ ¦ )
Dandruff Germ Thrives in It, as Well
as in All Grease.
A well-known Chicago hair specialist In-
vited the Inter Ocean reporter to come to
his office and see, under a microscope,
how the germ that causes dandruff
thrives in vaseline. The specialist said
that all hair preparations containngr
grease simply furnish food for the germs
and help to propagate them. The only
way to ¦ cure dandruff is to destroy the
germs, and the only hair preparation that
will do that Is Newbro's Herpiclde. . "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Without dandruff no falling hair, no bald-
ness. Ask for. Herpicide. It is the only
destroyer of the dandruff germ. ' ' ¦"
500 BLACK AND COLORED'SILK WAISTS (Sample
Lot) , value 'for $6.00, $7.00 : and $8.00. The ' ¦ ft "7 r
entire lot will be placed on sale at. . . . .Each j$4"! | J
150 BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, trimmed
• with Silk, neatly stitched, value for $12.50, ift ft PJj
will be offered at V. Q 2 0 U
80 RAGLANS in Oxford Gray, value for $10.00, . dj C ft ft
will be placed on sale aF: . ....:.......... $3^ UU
70 BLACK AND WHITE FEATHER BOAS, Qy rf|
value for $12.00, will be offered at . . ...... |^| s 9U
150 BLACK FUR'COLLARETTES, value for Ql 7C
$3.00, will be placed on sale at ..•••• •• •• •• " $|] i 1.3
Ladies will'dc. well to call early and secure some of the
Greatest Bargains ever offered.
¦:¦-; SUITS MADE TO ORDER. PERFECT FIT GUAR-
1146 MARKET STREET.
AMTJSKBEENTS. "
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
To-night, Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee.
Tremendous Scenic Production of Bolto*s
Great Classic,
..... MBFISTOFELE.....
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE. .
. Friday and Saturday, Rossini's
....BARBER OF^SEVILLE....
Next Week— "TROVATORE" and "MEFIS-
TOFELE."
POPULAR PRICES 2Sc. 50c and 7So
Telephone Bush 9.
TO-NIOHT a HANDSOME SOUVENm PHO-
TOGRAPH of. MARY VAN BUREN will be
given to every lady present
EVERY EVENING THIS "WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS
BROTHER OFFICERS
! A Comedy in Three Acts by Leo Trevor.
: PRICES 10c. 15c. !5c, 60c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees 25c.
j Branch Ticket Office , Emporium.
Next "Week— "LORD AND LADY ALGY."
COLUMBIA LEADING THEATRE
THIS WEEK— EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT
SUNDAY— MATINEES SATURDAYS.
DANIEL FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
From. Daly's Theater, New York. Including
HILDA SF»ONG,
In the Great Comedy Success,
LADY HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT.
By R. C. CARTON.
Next Week— Last Nights of Daniel Frohman'a
Company. First Time Here of
"WHEELS WITHIN WHEELS."
SEATS NOW READY.
%
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
25c and 5Oc
FAREWELL PERFORMANCES THIS WEEK
OF :
"BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
¦ (Public Demand.)
Presented by
MR. JAftltiS AND THE
IMF? 1 1 I NEILL
/ W * J M JSmtattEm^/ COMPANY.
Evening 25c, 33c, 50c, 75c. \\ CO
Saturday Matinee 25c. 50c. 75c
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
ROSEMARY."
SEATS READY.
oL'l'HEATRft .^Ap
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
, In Charlotte Thompson's Success,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
. Next Week— Florence Roberts,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" — —
CHUTES_and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
CHINESE MINSTREL SHOW.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Native Daughters of the Golden
West Night at the Chutes,
• • . Telephone for Seats Park 2J.
FISrHPR'^J CONCERT HOUSE.
riDtnilnO ... Admission lOc.
Fannie Raymond, Camella and Ameiita. Paul
La Croix, P. -A. Dunsworth, Coleraan and
Mexis. Leo and Munroe. Irene Franklin, Jones
and Brown ; and Hinricbs* Orchestra.
. ' :. .. v Reserved Scats.; 25c. ' ¦ Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
BEklASCO*"»THJU.CS r jfofi^
TO-NIGHT— Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND STJNDAT.
Superb production of Belasco and De ilille' •
Powerful Drama, £
Men and Women.
A Great Cast— First Appearances In San Fran-
cisco of the Talented Actress,
MISS ANNETTE MARSHAL!*.
PPIfEC Evenings 10c. 13c, 23c. 33c, Wo
I iilWEO Matinees. „ 10c, 15c. 23o
Next "Week— "THE TWO ORPHANS."
- THE BEST YET!
BEAD THE LIST OF NAMES.
The Cragg Family, Louise Thorndyke
Boucicault and Company, Richard
Jose, the Four Otts, Lef ebre's Saxo-
phone Quartet, Charles H. Brad-
shaw and Company, Eemarc and
Bilay, Hill and Silviany, and the
Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera .
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c
OLYMT*1A cfo^SJo,
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE*
IN THE CITY.
SENORITA~SALVINI,
The Celebrated Spanish Dancer.
ANNIE IviORRIS,
- Coon Shooter. .-;; :/;**,
KALACRATUS,
The Famous Novelty Juggler.
IONE,
In Poses Plastlque.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. • fT'fi 4
fejNNING AND$*DNE$i'RAClNG.
0AIR.Y Contests.
0S^f Exhibits^'ro^
Carried Free^ •
fop particulars Writ-^.
GeoWJacKSON. A&&RECKELSL *
>SEC'TY. PRESIDENT.
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND ys. LOS ANGELES.
to-day, Friday and Saturday at 3:E
SUNDAY AT_2:3O P. M.
RECREATION IP ARK,
Eighth and Harrison ttreets.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Hathlns from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 2Sc.
PALACE
„• These hotels possess .
AND the attributes that tour-
*r**..- . lsts and travelers ap-
f17ANTl predate— central • loca-
«KA"« tJon. liberal manage-
ua t ct c merit, modern appolnt-
nUlCLj, menta and perfect cui-
sine. ...
Snn ¦ American and- Euro-
pean plans.
/&££&*&&& El dsnt
SiepEADACKE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongrue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Do^e.
Small Price.
A GOLD PLATE
$25.00.
Handsome 20 K plates, guar-
anteed for 25 years' service. Lighter,
stronger, cleaner than any- teeth
made. *
Chalmers Co.,
Credit. 133 Powell St.
EXPERT
EYE-CLASS
....WORK.
Oculists' Prescription Glasses
made to order in one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
PHONE MAIN 10.
OPTICIANS4 H0 T0Gp' APH i CAPWRATw -
64Z Market 5t. instruments
UWDER CHRONICLE BU1LD1N&. CATALOGUE FREE-
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
S>4 Honrs" Ride From Lo» Anreles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
BEment. euspices the "Tuna Club/'
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman'* Paradise.
HOTEL METP.OPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB \
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, uniqu* ar-
rangements for camping: and Illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Ajrent.
10 Montgomery St.. Ean Francisco,
Or BANKING CO..
m South Fprlr.c «t.. Los Aneeles. CaL
<"i IS ft f\ f% rt HOT SPRINGS.^ SONOMA
SnJifjfrS Co ' only 4^ hourB fronv
UllriU(/W San Francisco: but 9 miles
flaz'.r.g; waters noted Jor
medicinal virtues; "tw**t natural bath In State;
{rood trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express: first-class hotel and stage
service: mnrntnB and afternoon Ftages: round
trip from B. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
et 7:20 a. m. or 3.33 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
f!2 a week. References — Any sruest of the past
fix years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Mont*romery et.. or of J. F. MUL-
GRETV. Pkagg.-. Cal. -
YOSEMITE VALLEY^
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Bijr Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Stajrln^
2>4 hours fir*t afternoon and 9 hours n»xt dar.
¦ rrlvlrse »t Trsemite Valley 5 p. m. «!end for
1Uu»ttrat*>«l folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.
Arent 650 Market rt.. opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F. : tel. mack SSTL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive Fummer and winter re-
port In Lake County. Boatlnsr. bathinjr. bowl-
!r«r tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine tobo^-pnn 1W> feet long. Write for cir-
cular. KHT.AR DURNAN. Laurel Dell. Lake
bounty. Cal. *
OWN A ROME JJ&K^CSJP MEEKER
Eay lots $10 tip: cottaEe* built by Meeker, $30
¦up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, rtore, po«toffW at camp: . board
arid "lodging $6: take Sa««»lito ferry. J3 round
trfn. A*dre*« M. t\ SIEFKER. or HL M.
GRF.OSON. C.pmn Me»ker. Sonoma County.
For rest aa3 health in THE SIERRAS
near Collar on C. I*. U. R. Elevation Just right —
S100 ft. — 136 miles from Sun Vr. No fttaging; good
tablo; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs, Colfax. CaL
VICHY SPRINGS.
The only p'.ace In the United States wher«
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Klectrlc Water*: Champagne Baths:- Spring*
ycumeroue: Bath" IJne<juAl«1. Three mlleo from
UkSbT J- A, REDEMKTKR & CO..
Proprietors.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains; 5
minutes from station; fine scenery: flshlnjr..
hunting. >.ne drives, free carriace meet"! all
trains. MHS. I. N. HAYES.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P O. EL VERAICO. Cal.. Verano Station
Opines Crowing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term«
« per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
POTJ. Lessee. •
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during- the deer eeaeon. Pack of hound..
*wlmmin«r and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llacas. CaL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
6TAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeoort, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Sprinss. Etagres connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:20: arrive at Lakeport at 2:20; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horws U-pas-
eenger tourist wacons. made to order for tnl*
etagft line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passenger* for Lakeport or Bartlett
Fprlne? call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etase Line.
MILLER A HOWARD. Proprietors.
PLANTATION HOUSE — Eighteen miles from
Cazadfro. on etage line. Good trout nshlng.
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more: grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer. Seaview. Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particulars.
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house; home cooking; ' beautiful
»urroundlngs: E minutes' walk to town. Terms,
¦ if to *10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
WIcKEKZIJE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK', Aug. 21.— The day's market foi
nocks was practically a duplicate of yester
day's except that the final reaction on traders
proflt-taking was rather more marked, wltl
the result that the table of net changes li
more mixed between email gains and lossei
than yesterday. The prevailing tone of th<
market was firm to rtrong. up to the irregulai
closing on the reaction. The character of th<
buying made- it very ' evident that it repre
sented the opinions of professional traders a
BMlMHBMlHilMllllm»M l 'ii l i>»' . Hi" i» \v\ 1 1 1'l'Mi.
-Chicago opened, weak arid dull, and declined
from ' 70c to 69%c, V but . subsequently ; advanced
to 70%c, | the market , turning completely arou nd.
Statistics 1 .were very .bullish, ' and the I specula
tive-feeling was buoyant;; principally because
lt^ was ' believed ¦ that < Wheat was the cheapest
grain in sight. /£ The -. Government weekly, bulle
tin gave the Northwestern yield as disappoint
ing, the grain being shrunken and poorly, filled.
It ¦ was ; raining; in the . Northwest. .., There was
less | pressure ; to , sell; and good buying : on the
break,: chiefly on } foreign and ".Wall street or
ders, i New .York i exporters bought freely. > The
WHEAT— Futures were lower at Liverpool
and Paris. . . ¦ ', " v ¦ .-
Wheat and Other Grains.
EASTERN MARKETS.
. NUTS— Walnuts, i No. 1 .-• softshell. ' 12@12%c-
No. 2, 8@S%c: No. ;i hardshell. -10@10%c: No. 2*
6%@7%c: -Almonds,, 13@14c . f or ' papershell, 10$j
He for sof tsbell • and ' 5@6c ¦ for ; hardshell ; Pea-
- Are. cleaned up and nominal
RAISINS-
t FRUITS— Apricots. 8@10c for new Royals and
8@14%c i for standard to fancy Moorparks; ' new
Evaporated ' Apples, 7® 8c; sundrled, 3@4c
new: Peaches, , 6@8c. for future . delivery; new
Pears. 5%@9c: Plums.- pitted,', 4@5c; unpitted 1
@l%c; , Nectarines. ¦ 5@6c for red and ¦ 5@6c for
white.''- ¦•¦; ' '- :- ' i '. •-. . ¦¦-< > ¦¦-¦¦¦ .-.¦'...••¦.¦..¦ :„• ..
• PRUNES— Old crop are.' quoted ¦ by . the Asso
ciation on i the basis of 3%c for the four sizes.
' The feeling is very bullish in everything in
the fruit line, and the demand is active all over
the State. ' . ' ' .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New York Exchange, sight...... — \ . . > 7%
New York Exchange/telegraphic — lo
Silver, per ounce ...... . ."'. , . — 58%
Mexican ,. Dollars,' nominal 47 ©¦ 47%
The City of Peking took -out a treasure ' list
of $497.C78.' consisting of $374,178 in 'Mexican
dollars, $500 in gold coin and $123,000 in silver
bullion. ¦¦; * ¦'¦[; .¦¦¦'¦ .' ¦ :' ,\ ' ;.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...'.... — .$4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — : 4 87%
Sterling Cables "..... '— 4 88Si
Exchange and Bullion.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hcllister— Fruit ripening slowly.
Hanford— Fruit ripening fast. Pears very
r>°or quality.
Nepa- High fog in morning; temperature be
low normal.
San Jose-Cloud? and fog till 10. Cool weather
<Sct».Trir.g fast drying.
Palermo — All crops as before reported.
Ventura — Grape crop light, but of excellent
quality.
Santa Maria— Light crop, mustard threshing;
small crop prunes; beans setting full on vines.
G. H. WILLSON.
Section Director.
, LONDON, Aug." 21.— Consols. 94%; Sliver,
27%; French rentes. lOlf 70c: wheat cargoes on
passage, easier, and , neglected;. No. 1 Standard
California. 29s l%d; Walla Walla, 29s 6d; Eng
lish country markets,, quiet but steady. ..¦
LIVERPOOL. 'Aug. - 21.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 6%d; wheat In Paris;
weak; flour in Paris, weak; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather In Eng
land, fine. ' .
COTTON-Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 21.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
club, 57c; blue stem, , 5S@58%c.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 21.— W.heat— Walla
Walla, 57c; Bluestem, 58@58%c. v * -
OREGON.
Northern j Wheat . Market.
. PEARS— Bartletts, 75c@$l 25 per box for No.
1, 25@50c for No. 2 and $30@35 per tpn; other
Pears. 25@35c per box. " ' '
QUINCES— 3i.@50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES — $5@8 . per ,- chest ' for Long
worths and $4@5.for large berriea. . . ¦
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest. :
" LOGAN' BERRIES— $6@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $6@7 per chest. .'
' HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb. *¦
FIGS Black.' 40@50c per box for small and 75c
'©$1 for large boxes; White. 50@75c. '...,-
MELONS— Nutmegs, . 20@40c per box; Canta
loupes.- 35@75c per crate; .Watermelons. $5@25
per 100 '• ' ¦ - . : ¦ * ¦ ' . .-¦
GRAPES — Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater, 50
@75c per -box -and -crate;' Tokay, G5cW$l per
crate; i Muscat, 60cfi>*l; ¦¦ Seedless, 75c@$l 25;
Black,' 60c@$l; Isabella, 85c.
-CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50O4; Lemons.
$1(32 25 i for common . and t2 50©3 50 for good
to choice: . Grape- Fruit. 50c@$l 50: ; Mexican
Limes, $6@7;. Bananas. 75c@$2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50@2 50 per . dozen.
>PEACHES— 25@75c per box : and 20@30c per
basket and-$15@25 per ton for Frees and $30@
45 for Clings; Peaches in carriers, 75@90c. ac
cording to size of. carrier. - -
' NECTARINES— White. 40@50c , per box; Red,
4O@75C. •¦ - - ¦ ' ;,' ¦.•.".•- S ' .
PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 35@65c per
crate; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $10@20. . ; .
I APPLES — 75c@$lper box for good to choice
and 30@60c for ordinary. • , '
: CRABAPPLES— 50c@Jl 25 per box, according
to - package. • ; :• : . -••¦'..
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
¦ A car of Valencia Oranges sold at auction
at $2 35@3 80 per box. Another car will be
auctioned to-day.
Wine Grapes appeared from Antioch, selling
at $25 per ton. .
Conditions yesterday were about as they were
on the preceding day. . The cold weather ope
rated against melons, which ¦were quiet and
easy, but Grapes ruled firm, and there was a
good canning demand for choice Peaches • and
Bartlett Pears. Watermelons are now coming
in from Santa Rosa. Berries were firm . all
around. : . ' ¦
Deciduous' and Citrus Fruits
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Aug. 21.-Clearings, $318,474;
balances, $51,792.
The follcwins maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 72—64: Kansas City. £4— «R; Washing
ton. 86—72: Cincinnati. 7^—70; Philadelphia. S6
—74; New York. S2— 74: .Tacksonville, 88—74.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
and foggy Thursday morning and evening, prob
ably clearing toward noon; fresh to brisk south
west wind.
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 5L
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally foggy weather prevails along the
coast of Northern California and cloudy weather
over ihe Rocky Mountain region; elsewhere west
of the Rooky Mountains the weather is clear.
A thunderstorm and lijiit shower of rain are
reported trom Pocatello.
The pressure nas fallen over the western por
tions of Oregon and Washington; In other dis
tricts the chans es have been slight..
The temperature has fallen slightly in the
Facramento Valley and risen over Washington
and Oiron.
Forecast xr.a<le at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 22, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
cloudy and leggy- along the coast in the morn-
Ing and at nirht: fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
cloudy and foggy along the coast at night; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; wanner; light west
wJnd.
PALACE HOTEL.
J B Coffin. Stanford
G E Goodman. Napa
F G Marcus, Palo Alto
G Walters & w. Cal
S W McMichael, Tor
unto
F S Belton, Toronto
H C Bush, Denver •
C P Lyndall. Los Ang
E W Earle. London
W G Walrath, N Y
Mrs A Strong. S Diego
Mrs R F Stocking. Cal
Miss N Stocking. Cal
E T Hart. Mass
J Salcedoy & w, L Ang
FA Hlhn. Santa Cruz
E R Walker. Los Ang
Mrs W G Worsham.Cal
F B Desmond & w,
Houston
G Lewis, Oil City
Mrs W E "Wane. Mo
J G Snyder, Loulsana
R H Snyder, Louisiana
M Tirrell, Stockton
Mrs W L Elkins Jr. Pu
W H Morris, Philadel
Mrs A ' M Bergevin,
Chicago . . •
W Cool,& w. Denver
E L Campc. N Y
J D Sproul, Chlco
Dr G W Drouiriell. Cal
F Miller, w & daugh.
Riverside
A C BIngham, Mrysvll
J B Fuqua. Kansas Cty
Mrs L Fuqua, Kan Cty
F A Howe. Boston
G F Mahan, Los Anx
H S Dewey. N Y
H Yerlngton. Nevad»
J Morton, USA
E L Howe, Chicago
E Squire. Claremont
P Schermechon & w,
Los Angeles
H Kaerger, Germany
W E Avery. England
Mrs Hayes. S Rafael
F S Glass*. Berkeley
W Asthelmer, Hambr<
M Vanderburg. Am
sterdam
J H Wllterdlck. Hollnd
A A Nyland. Holland
I Hoboken. Rotterdam
H Credner. Germany
Dr Garlipp. Germany
E Marsfeld, Hanover
Mr Llppert. Germany
Mr Reufs, Germany
Mr Themodorff, Ger
many
H PTrear & w. L Anx
P .H Lacy & w. L Ang
L F Eremer. Sacto
C S Wells. N Y
A Shidingka, St Louis
J Watson & w. N Y
S M Thorsell. Chicago
E Cookingham. Portlnd
M Baackea & w. Ohio
R L Gibben. N C
A M Bergevin & w,
Chicago
F M Whitney. S Bar*
GRAND HOTEL
S Goodfriend, N Y
J Gallagher, Fresno
H Isaacs. Los Ang
G Sterling. Oakland
C E Hollister. Cal
J Hurley, Sacto
B G Tognazzl, Salinas*
H Prindle, San Jose
W W Barham, St Rosa
\V W- Wright. Cal
Mrs Wrljrht. Cal
T P Fitzgerald. Mill V
F Commins. Sausallto
F Wood, Visalia.
H Havens. Oakland
W S Jenkins. St Lake
H Amunsden, Cal
Mrs Amunsden, Cal
J E Kceberle. Los Anr
Dr J E Tucker, Mo
Mrs Tucker & f. Mo
M F Cropley. Alaska
R Harte, Fresno
W N Butler. Phila
EG Wood, Los Anff
M F Shorey. Chicago
H M Wing. Illinois
T B Gibson, Sacto
H A Buell. Milwaukee
Mr Piper. Tenn
MrsZ T Magill. s, Cal
O L Rice, Selma
C Belding. Stockton
T G Roberts. Modest*
D McRay, Australia
P Musto, Stockton
Mrs Musto. Stockton
W W Worthing. Stkn
J H Armstrong. Mex
W H Armstrong. Mex
Mrs Armstrong. Mex
R McCool. Wall Walla
Mrs G Pommer, Sacto
A U Dilley. Tacoma
Miss M Schaw. Tacoma
J Rogers. Mich
S Frankenan; Cal
Dr E Tlpipello. S Jose
L Lahaire. Sonera
Miss M Durham. Cai
J Biggs. Liverpool
E T Puera. Ca!
F B Pattee. Cal
H F Dent. Ky
W S Hickman. Cal
L M Bates, Mo
J L Pantz, Phila
J F Eckert, Mo
Mrs Eckert, Mo
J W Dunlap. Cal
A H Nickson. Seattle
G M Westcott, Concord
E W Palmer. Chicago
I M Cox. Cal
Mrs Cox & child. Cal
K Dunnagan. Winters
Mrs Dunnagan, Wintra
A Smith. Los Ang
C E Newcomer, N Ilex
N S Stockton. Cal
M M Harris. Los Ang
E C Ham?ton, Los. A
Mra M A Noble. Chgo
J C Storm, Salinas
A Anderson, Sui3un
J F Ellison, Red Bluff
J A Burns, Suiter
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
W M Read. Bakersneld:
E A Burtoa & w. Kans;
J Albers & w. Iowa j
H Taklenburg & w. la I
A Taklenburg, Iowa
Colonel Knox, Stockton
K Lllllngton. Courtlnd
F R Flynn. Denver
G R Guthrie. Galvestn
A C Hagerman & f.Cal
E E Gibson, Seattle
J D Burke. San Jose
A J Anderson. B»nlcta
F A Downs. Oakland
P Roberts. New York
Sergeant Cassldy, Cal
T S Minnlck. Cal
L W Bunchan, Sallnr*
E Alexander. Chicago
J" Allen. Sacramento »
J Byrne. Seattle
HOTEIi ABEIVALS.
Sales of. fine ranch Eggs at 26c are being
made, but in a small way. Receipts are mod
erate, but there are large stocks in cold stor
age ' which are now being drawn upon. The
same remark applies . to Butter. The Cheese
market stands firm, with moderate supplies.
Receipts were 45,600 pounds^ of Butter, 710
cases of Eggs. 400 cases Eastern Eggs. 11,900
pounds of California Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese. . ' > • »
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for .fancy
and 22%@23%c for seconds; dairy, 17@21c; store
Butter, 15@16c per lb. . - ¦
CHEESE— New, 10@llc: old. nominal: Young
Americas, 11® 11 Vic per lb; Eastern. . 13@15c. -
EGGS— Ranch, 22%@26c for good to fancy;
store, 15@20c per dozen; Eastern, 16@20c.
Btr.ter, Cheese and Eggs.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was very dull, with no changes wor
thy of note.
There was more activity In the oil stocks, as
will be seen by the increased list of sales.
In the afternoon Gas««ind Electric was lower
at $3S@3S 62%.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 21-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
« -, Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask!
4s quar coup. ..113 113% 4s qr cp (new). 137 138
4s quar reg 113 113% 3s quar coup. .108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO6% — Oceanic SS "os. — —
Cal-st 5s.. 117% — Omnibus C 6s.. 130 —
C C Water 5s.. 107% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133£ Pk & Cl H 6s. 108 112t4
Fer&ClR6s. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 — "
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l2O —
H C & S 5%s. .106*4 — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV as. 122 —
Los Ang R 5s. 116 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — — - i
L A Light 6s. 101% — S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6S..100 — (1909) 112% —
Do gntd 5s. -.102 — (1910) 113% —
L A A Pac os.102% — S P of A 6s
Do 1 c m 5s.l23^124% (1S05). Ser A. 109 110 •
Mkt-Et Cab 6s.l27% - (1905), Ser B. 110 —
Do 1 c m 5s. 124 — (1506) ...112 112*;
Nev C N G 7s.lO5 114 (1912) 121% —
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P or Cal 1st
'Do 5s 119V1 — cgntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s..l01%104 S P Br Cal 6s. 136% —
Do 5s 106 — S V. Water 6s.. 114 — •
Nor Cal R 5s. .110 113 Do 4s.. 102% —
Oak Gas os 113 — Do 4s 3d mtgl01% —
Do Trans 6s. — 120- Stktn Gas 6s. .104 —
Do W r ater 5s. — 102%
WATER STOCKS.'
Contra Costa.. 7G 76% j Spring Valley. 84>/2 SS
Marin County. 51 — J .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4 — Pac Light — —
Equitable ..... 5 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual ..: otf 5% S F G & E.... 37% -
Oakland — 52%|San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 34% — 'Stktn G &. K-. 8 —
. INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 | .
. . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..... 77 81 ]L P & A 153 160
California 404 406 |Mer Ex (Ilq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep-107% — S F National. 127% —
First National. 305 — I
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1880 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
-Humboldt — . Security 275 —
Mutual Sav ... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 5C Presidio 34 40
Market 75% — '
POWDER.
Giant ..!...*... 75^ 76 IVlgorit S SYt,
- SUGAR. , -
Hana 6 6% Kilauea „ I2%i 13
Hawaiian .' — • • 50 Makaweli ; 27*4 27%
Honokaa ...... 11% 15 Onomea 24% 27'
Hutchinson ... 14 14V» Paauhau 14 i«£
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Fack..l2S%129 Oceanic S Co.. 44% —
Cal 'Wine Asm 93 97 Pac Aux F A.. 2 —
Cal Fruit Can. 95 100 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex ........110 — Par Paint .... 16 —
'..' ,- • Mornins Session.
. Board —
105 Honokaa Sugar . Company '...; 14-50
$2CC0 Oceanic S S bonds.. ..102 50
$1000 « P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds. .136 50
$1000 S P B Ry 6 per cent bonds, cash.... 136 50
$500 U S 3 per cent bonds (coup), cash 108 23
Street— ¦ / ,
$5000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 37%
Afternoon Session.
Board—- - ¦ • . ' • • . .
35 Alaska Packers' Association. ...... ...129 oO
' 35 Contra Costa Water ......'.. 76 00
10 Contra Costa. 'Water 7s ->5
. 25 Equitable Gas ... 5 Jjq
50 Honokaa ..'....' .."...' •.. 14 50
155 Hutchinson S P Company...........', u 00
5 Kilauea Sugar P: Company.... '. 12 73
-230 Makaweli ....;..' ...;.. •_. 27 50 •
,20 Market-street Railway '.... 77 00
-,-. 5 Oceanic Steamship Company 45 CO
: 25 Oceanic Steamship Company* ........ 44 50
, 5 Oceanic '. Steamship Company 44 37Vi
10 S F Gas &¦ Electric Company..... „. 33 00
.10 S F Gas & Electric Company ........ 37 75
40 S F Gas & Electric Company -.-.¦....¦.'. S7 62%
10 S F Gas & Electric Company, s 90... 37 62^3
CHICAGO. Aug.' 21. — September wheat opened
unchanged to %c higher at 70@70%c on buying
by Ehorts who had a profit in sight. Light sea
board clearances, heavy receipts and generally
favorable weather soon turned the scale and
on a moderate volume of sales the . market
declined to 63%c. Here the market steadied and
ruled dull for a time under local conditions.
The report of the severance of diplomatic re
lations between Turkey and France later came
to the aid of the bulls. Offerings dwindled to
almost nothing and a small demand from
nervous shorts was sufficient to cause a rally
of lc from the bottom. The close was steady,
September %c over yesterday at 70%c. That
? he foreign diplomatic situation did not cause
a sharper rise was due to the Paris market,
which was considered weak and hence a dam
per on reports of the diplomatic situation
being alarming. The Government report show
ing considerable improvement In crop condi
tions since August 1 had a depressing effect
on values all day. Heavy quantities were
liquidated early and during this movement the
bears embraced the opportunity of taking a
flyer on the short side of »the market. The
creation of the latter interest led to a partial
recovery later when wheat turned firm, as the
fihorts were quick to run to cover. September
closed easy, %c. under yesterday, at 57Vic.
• Oats opened easy and ruled easier for a time
in sympathy with wheat and corn. A steadier
tone crept in later in sympathy with the wheat
rally and on a fair general demand from peo
ple who sold yesterday. September closed un
changed at 3.\%c.
Provisions opened easy, sharing in the gen
erally bearish feeling and having the additional
Incentive of heavy hog receipts. There was
only a small speculative interest represented
in the pit and a small demand for the local
account proved sufficient to cause a recovery
in prices. The bulge met with practically no
selling pres-sure and the close, therefore, was
steady. January pork closed 7%c higher, lard
5c up and ribs 2%@5c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash . quotations were as follows: 'Flour,
uteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 69Vi@70%c; No. 2
red. 71S-71%c; No. 2 yellow, 57%@58c; No. 2
oats. 35%@36c: No. 2 white. 37%<ff38»4c; No.' 3
white, 37%@38%c; No. 2 rye. 57<g58%c; fair to
choice malting barley, £9@61c: No. 1 flaxseed
$1 62; No. 1 Northwestern, $167; prime timothy
teed. $5 40@5 10; mess pork, per barrel, $14 40W
14 45; lard per 100 pounds. . $8 87%@8 90; -short
ribs sides (loose). $8 10@8 30; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7M@7%c; short clear sides (boxed)
*8.S0@8 90; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2!i;
clovor, contract grade, $10. ' •- - ¦ ;¦¦.¦
Chicago Grain Market.
The sales for the week amount to 4.672,000
pounds domestic and 520,000 foreign, making a
total of 5,192,000 pounds, against a total of 12,
935,000 for the previous week and a total of
3,620,000 for the corresponding week last year.
The bulk of. the Territory wool has been pur
chased outright and is in strong hands. The
whole situation, as regards both wool and
goods, looks sound and - healthy. ¦ -
While the demand for wool during the past
week has been quieter j there has nevertheless
been more than an average business transacted
and prices in all lines have been fully main
tained. The demand -is widely distributed and
it has practically all been for consumption,
there being no speculative tendency observable
as yet. There is a firm undertone to the mar
ket and consumers who attempt to secure wools
at any concessions from present prices do not
succeed in securing wool. The .rank and file
of them are contented, however, to pay current
rates. There Is'no disposition on. the part of
the holders of wool to force the market. '
BOSTON. Aug. 21. — The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Boston Wool Market.
New' York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 21— Cotton closed steady,
5 to 7 points higher.
GAME — Doves, per dozen. $1@1 25; Hare. $1®
1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1@
1 25 for Brush. -
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 25@
1 50; Goslings. $1 25@1 50; ' Ducks. $2 50@3 for
old and $3©4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young
Roosters, $5@6 50; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2
@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50<Sl 75 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
The market shows no change, being well sup
plied and quiet.
Poultry and Game.
THE COAST RECORD,
OREGON.
Flour, ar sk3.... 8201
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 4,84a}
Flour, qrsks..;. 29.13T* Hay. tons ........ 140
Wheat, ctla 10.2GC Straw, tons ....... 1»
Barley, ct'.s 16,0fif Wool, bales : 185
Oats, ctls .... 3,420 Raisins, bxs 1,500-
Tallow. ct!s 272 Chicory, bbls .40
Sugar, ctls 3,050 Lime, bbla 135
Potatoes, sks ... 538 Pelts, bdls 4W
Onions, sks 1.4S0 Hides, no 433
Bran, sks 1.000 Wlne.-gals' 24,700
Middlings, sks .. 5<K Quicksilver, flsk. 133
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 21.
Receipts of Produce.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug.. 21— 5 p. m.
'The f oliowing maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, SS: Mount Tamalpals. 65; Independ
ence. 86; Red Bluff. S2; Fresno. 94; Los An
geles. SO; Sacramento, 72; San Luis Obispo. 72;
San Diego, 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
SS; minimum, 51; mean, 54.
Weather Report.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Aug. 21. — CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 2375: market 10@20c lower. Natives, $3
@5 SO; cows and heifers,' $1@4 75; bulls and
stags, $2^4 60; stockers and feeders, $2@3 SO;
veals, $2 25® 5 25. , .
HOGS— Receipts, 7335; market steady to 5c
lower. Light and light mixed. $5 70@6; medium
and heavy_, $5 S5@6 20; pigs. $3@3 15; bulk, $5 8i
@6 10. ' ¦ ¦ i- '¦ ¦ ¦ i ¦ •
SHEEP— Receipts, J270; market strong to 10c
higher. Lambs, steady; top natives, $5.
ST. JOSEPH
\ CHICAGO, Aug. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 23,
0C0, Including 1000 Texans and 2000 Westerns;
market for steers, weak; butchers', Texans and
Westerns, steady for choice; others slow.
Gocd to prime steers, $5 30®6 30; poor to me
dium, $3 60@5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 25®
4 35: cows and heifers. $2 S0©5 10; • canners*,
$1 50@2 50; bulls. $2 25® t 30; calves. $3@5 25;
Texas steers. $4® 5; Western steers, $4<§5.
HOGS— Receipts ¦ to-day, - 33,000; ¦ to-morrow,
26,000; estimated left over. 5300 head: market for
fancy, steady; others, .weak. Mixed and butch
ers', $5 65*36 20; good to choice heavy, $5 73@
6 30; rough heavy. $5 60@5 70; light, $5 60® 6 05;
bulk of salta, $5 80@6 05 ? • ¦ ¦
SHEEP— Receipts, 18.000; • market stronger:
steady to slow. Good to choice wethers, $3 25
(53 90; .fair to choice mixed, • $3<f?3 40; Western
sheep, $3 15®3 90; . yearlings, $3 25*34; native
lambs, $2(g5 35; Western lambs, $4@5 25.
Chicago Livestock.
100 S F Gas & Electric Company 37 g-v,
5S V Water S4 62'a
¦5S.V Water g4 75 3
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornin™ Session.
SCO Bear Flag <is
1100 Caribou '. 35
500 Central Point Con 1 jo
20O Four „ 40
S00 Home '• 3 zn
ICO Homestake 7 50
75 Homestake s f!O
ICO Kern 550
25 Kern River g 00
50 Occidental of West Virginia 48
30 Peerless ....; 6 00
2500 Petroleum Center ...t .'d-i
500 Reed Crude 34
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev, b CO 9 (SO
300 Sovereign .". 30
SCO Sterling 1 371J
25 Sterling 1 40
100 Wolverine 73
Afternoon Session.
Board—
94 ( > Hoir.e 359
1000 Independence jj
1C0 Junction 53
100 Lion 15
ICO Peerless ', 500
500 Reed Crude 34
450 Sterling j 40
100 Twenty-eight 150
MINING STOCKS.
.Following were the sales in the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher . 06 300 Ophir 77
3C0 Best & Belcher 11 100 Silver Hill 3>
29 600 Yellow Jacket! 3<>
100 Con Cal & Va..I SO 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 07 110CO Ophir 75
50 Con Cal & Va..l 80 200 Overman li)
2C0 Con Cal & Va..l 85 500 Occidental ... 0'
10O Caledonia 26 1000 Yellow Jacket. 32
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Best & Belcher 11 200 Ophir 73
S0O Challenge Con.. 29 300 Silver Hill 31
200 Challenge Con.. 3C SCO Yellow Jacket r>
600 Con Cal & Va.. 180 400 Yellow Jacket! 31
S00 Confidence 110 5C0 Yellow Jacket 3i>
300 Ophir 77 SCO Yellow Jacket. 33
Afternoon Session. :
3C0 Best & Belcher 11 1C0 Ophir 7?
300 Caledonia 28 200 Yellow Jacket." 33
100 Con Cal & V.I 82% 2C0 Yellow Jacket. 33
100 Ophir ¦" 77
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
* • WEDNESDAY. Aug_ 21— 4 p.m.
-" - Bld.'Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha 02 04 Justice 04 CS
Alta — 05 Kentuck 02 C4
Andes C3 04 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican • 12 13
Best & Belcher 10 11 Occidental 02 CS
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 77 7?
Caledonia 25 26 Overman 03 if)
Challenge Con. 32 33 Potosi 04 0".
Chollar 04 05 Savage 06 OS
Confidence 1 15 1 20! Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 85 Seg Belcher — C3
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 13 H
Con New York. — 01 1 Silver Hill 32 33
Crown Point... 08 OOiSt Louis 06
Eureka Con 12 —'Standard —3 30
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 07
Gould & Curry. 12 13|Union Con 11 II
Hale & Norcrs. 24 26 Utah C5 CS
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 32 U
CALL CALENDAR.
August. 1301.
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon'a Phases.
1 2 3 f! ¦ August 6.
Last Quarter.
_i_L_i_L_L_iii^ Augusts -
U 12 13 14 13 16 17 New Moon.
ir-Fio-iriririr 3
23 26 27 23 23 30 31 /«\ August 23.
W Full Moon.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%@2c; String
Beans. J«I2%c: Limas. 2i®3c: Cabbae-e. 35040c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 50@75c; from
Alameda. 60c@$l 25; Dried -Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra, 40<@50c per box; Carrots. 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers. Bay, 20@39c; Pickles, 1%@
l%c per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic,
2@3c: Green Peppers. 23@40c per box for Chile
and 25#50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 35@50c per box;
Green Corn, 25@75c per sack; Alameda. 75c@
$1 per crate; Berkeley. : Summer Squash,
large boxes. 20@30c; New Marrowfat Squash,
$15@20 per ton. ¦
.POTATOES— $1 30@l 40 In sacks and $1 40@l 65
in boxes for Burbanks, $1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and $1@1 10 for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks,
$1 30@l 55: Sweets rl%@l%c "per Mb for Rivers
and l%c-for new Merced and 75c per sack for
old do.
ONIONS— Yellow. ! 85c@$l per ctl ; Pickle On
ions, 55@65c per ctl. , •
Onions also continue in brisk shipping de
mand and firm; A car of mix Wold and new
Sweet Potatoes came in from Merced and sold
as quoted below.
Vegetables showed no changes worthy of note.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Conditions in Potatoes continue very bullish.
Chicago reports an advance of 25c per bushel,
equal to about 40c per ctl. Our .local dealers
are still receiving orders from over a 'vast
extent of country, ranging from Alaska to
Missouri and Texas, and the tendency is still
upward. This is a great year for California
Potatoes. •
Receipts of evaporated apples continue light
and as there continues a fair jobbing demand,
sentiment is bullishly inclined with values de
cidedly in sellers' favor. The close was firm
¦without change In price. State, common to
good, 5@7c; prime. 7%@8c; choice, 8@12c; fancy,
8%<g9e. '
California dried fruits were inactive but
steady, at old prices. Prunes, 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW: YORK, Aug. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28.S83 barrels; exports, 14,549 barrels; steadier
and active... . - . , , •
WHEAT— Receipts, 29,250 bushels. Spot, firm.
No. 2 red, 78c f. o. b. afloat; -No. 2 /ed, 76%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 67%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened easy on cables, but later recov
ered and became strong. Among the' buying
motives' were good Wall street and Northwest
buying, late war rumors, smaller Southwest of
ferings and covering, closing firm at %@%c net
advance. September. 75 9-16@76 l-16c; closed at
76%c: October, 75%@76%c; closed at 76%c; De
cember, 77 7-16@7S%c; closed at 78'ic
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c:
mild, dull; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures closed
net unchanged to 5 points higher. Total sales,
£9,250 bags, including:' September. 4.85c; Octo
ber, 4.90c; November, 5.00c; December, 5.10c;
March. 5.35c; May, 5.50c.
-SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3 7-16c;
centrifugal. 98 test, 4c; molasses sugar, 3 3-16c;
refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5564 packages; steady.
State dairy 14@lSc; creamery. 16@20%c; June
packed factory. 14%Jfl5%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7500 packages; strong.
Western candled. 17@17t4c; do uncandled, 12
@17c.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances, $175,714,488; gold, $104,604,407.
Condition of the Treasury.
Dealers say that the subsidence of the ship
ping demand for Beans is almost wholly due
to the lack of Beans, the market being prac
tically cleaned up of the leading shipping de
scriptions. Not much activity in spot goods
is therefore expected until the new. crop ap
pears, which will be several weeks yet. The
feeling, however, continues very firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White. $4 85
(55:. Large White. $4(3)4 25; Pink. $2 30@2 50;
Red, $3ifi3 75; Blackeye. $3 50: Limas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 50: Canary, 3%
Ci3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%
@2Uc: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed, 5.30c; Pow
dered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15c; Dry
Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A, 5.05c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c: Eeef Granulated. 4.95c; Mag
nolia A. 4.65c: Extra C, 4.55c; Golden C, 4.45c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes,
SOc more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half-barrels. 5.55c; boxes, 5.50c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13c;' Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk. He; in cases. 20c;
86-degrei? Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil,, in barrels, boiled,
84c; raw, 82c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrel3. 80c; cases. S5c; China
Nut, 53©72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot OH. bar
rels, 67%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 37%c; cases. 42%c.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Eryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $3; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 4»
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. J%®
8c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©8c; Fruit
Bags. 5%@6c for cotton and 8%@S%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
NEW" YORK, Aug. 21.— Money on call closed
steady, 2@2% per cent; last loan, 2% per c«nt.
Prime mercantile- paper, 4%@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange was weak, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 S6%@4 86% for demand
and at f4 84%<g>4 84% for sixty days. Posted
rates. $4 85%@i 88. Commercial bills. $4 83%<&
4 84Vi Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, inactive,
railroads, firm.
Nezv York Money Market.
c There, was no' further change in anything.
There were 12 cars of 'Hay, on. the tracks, and
dealers reported the market dull.
BRAN— $19 50@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
; FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23@26: jobbing.
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17(^18; Corn Meal, $32(3)
33: Cracked -Corn. $32 50@33 SO; Mixed Feed $17
@18. .
HAY — Wheat. $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50:
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9: Oat, J6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa. $5 50@10 50; Clover. $5 50
@7: Volunteer. $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
• Car from San Jose: Prunes — Gros, $1 30@l 45,
average $1 31 single crates; German, $1 r>0@l 65,
average $1 56 single crates; Giant, Jl 2501 35,
average $1 32 single crates. Plums— Yellow
Egg, average $1 25 single crates; Kelsey Japan,
average 80c single crates; Columbia, average 90p
single crates; Quackenboss, average $1 25 single
crates. Prunes— Hungarian, 75c to $1 40, average
SOc single crates. Pears— Bartletts, $1 95©2 15,
average $2 06 boxes. Gross sale, $1200. Seven
cars fruit sold to-day.
Car from Suisun: Pears— Bartletts,*- $2 35®
2 85, average $2 70 boxes. Peaches — Susque
hanna, average 75c boxes. piums-^-Kelsey Ja
pan, average SOc single crates. Gross sale, $1115.
CHICAGO, , Aug. 21. — Porter* Brothers . Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Car from Sul
sun: Pears— Bartletts. ' $2 30©2 65, . average $2 46
boxes. Plums — Kelsey. • average 80c. single
crates. Gross sale, $1130.
Car from Sacramento: .-Peaches — Crawford,
average 90c boxes; Late Crawford, average $1 03
boxes; Yellow Free, average 75c boxes; Lemon
Cling, average. $1 15 boxes; Orange Cling, av
erage $1 20 boxes. Prunes— Gros, $1 10@l 55, av
erage $1 47. single crates: German, average $1 95
single crates; Silver, 70c@$l 25.- average 91c sin
gle crates; Hungarian, $1 30@l 55, average $1 50
single crates; Sweet German, average $1 95 sin
gle crates. Pears— Bartletts, $2 60@2 63, average
$2 63 boxes. 85c@$l 35, ' average $121 half -boxes;
Beurre Clairgeau, 80c@$2 25, average- $2 IS
boxes ; Beurre Hardy, > average $2* boxes ;
Seckles withdrawn. Eight cars fruit sold to
day. •
: Car from Winters: Peaches— Crawfords, S5<8>
95c,, average S7c boxes; -Su'squehanna, average
75c boxes. Pears — Bartletts, $2@2 70, average
$2 27 boxes; .$1 35@1 50, average $1 37% half
boxes. Grapes— Tokays. $1 25<?l 75, average $1 45
single crates. Gross sales, $1095.
Car from Suisun: Prunes— Silver, »50@55c, av
erage 54c 'single crates ;"' Italian, $1 30@l 35. av
erage $133 single 'crates. Pears— Bartletts,
$1 85@2 65, average ?2 29 boxes. :, Gross sales,
$1049. . •- '. ' ' ¦ ; -,} ¦ ;• .' v ¦ ; -' :¦•
NEW YORK,-' Augv 21.— Porter ' Bros. Com
pany Eales California fruit : • : Car from " Vaca
ville: Peachesr-Crawford,- average 75c boxes;
Strawberry. Cling, average $1 10 boxes. Pears
¦— Bartlett. $2 50@3 10, . average $2 83 .boxes.
Grapes— Tokays, $1 55@1 75, average $1 68 single
crates. Gross sales, $1365. • ' "¦ ¦ :'.'¦" - . : .
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6%c:
over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders, ; sows. 20 per
cent off; boars, 50 per cent oft and stags. 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7»,4@9y 4 c
'¦ The market stands as before quoted. '
¦ Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— 6<5G%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes. 7®"%c per
pound. . -
San Francisco Meat Market.
- »
to futurs values, rather than the convictions
cf investors. There was some evidence of
operations by pools formed by the larger class
cf traders. What motives actuated these oper
ations the public was left to conjecture. There
was quite an active demand for the Wabash
securities, which lifted them at one time ?i@l%.
There was continued buying of the coalers,
which was based on the showing disclosed by
the Erie's annual report, which shows a sub
stantial increase in gross earnings, notwith
standing a considerable falling eft in the ton
nage, transported, a demonstration of greater
stability of rates maintained among the an
thracite carriers by reason of the extension of
community of interests. The coming monthly
increase of 10 cents on a ton of anthracite also
counted. The Erie stocks themselves sold off
on account of some unexplained remarks of the
chdirman in his report regarding the approach
of a time when arrangements for capital can'
be made. There was some continued buying
from Western sources of the grain-carrying
roads, which was apparently for short account.
Some revision of pessimistic views regarding
the ccrn «;rcp seemed to be the cause of this
covering. The United States Steel stocks were
almost dormant and were merely steady. These
stocks have apparently arrived at a stage
where they are unaffected by. the strike news.
The sterling market resumed its downward
course again to-day and offerings of bills
against grain exports were reported in in
creased supply, with -'a sprinkling of cotton
bills. The continued ease of the London mar
ket for money and the further drop in call
loans there to-day to 1 per cent gives- ground
for some expectation that the Bank of Eng
land rate will be reduced to-morrow.
The railroad bond market was decidedly more
active tc-day, but the tone was steady to firm.
Total sales, par value, 12,213,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Open. High. Low. Cl.
Atchison 19,900 76% 76H 76Vs
Atchison pfd 200 S)7Vi 96% 96V4
Baltimore & Ohio 3,500 100 98?i 100
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 190 92 92 ¦ 91
Canadian Pacific S00 11114 111 111%
Canada Southern 400 7o4g 70% 70%
Chesapeake & Ohio 3.000 47U <6'4 46V-
Chicago & Alton 2,400 39V4 3S% 39 "
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 77U 77>4 77%
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 3,700 39% 39 33
Chicago Ind & L pfd.. 100 72 72 72V.
Chicago & Eastern 111 127 "
Chicago & Great -West. 100 22% 22 22%
Chicago & G W A pfd 82^
Chicago & G W B pfd 46%
Chicago & Ncrthwestrn 100 195 195 192
Chicago Rock Isld & P. 1.100 143U 142 141
Chicago Terminal & T. ICO 1S% 18% 18VA
Chicago Term & Tr pfd 3S
C C C & St Louis . 100 90% 90% 89%
Colorado Southern 100 13Ti 13% 13%
Colorado So 1st pfd 1.200 54Vi 54 54'/i
Colorado So 2d pfd 700 23% 23^4 23V
Delaware & Hudson — 2,300 165'A 163& 165%
Delaware Lack & West 225
Denver & Rio Grande 42
Denver & R G ptd 91U
Erie 12.S0O 39H 38% 3SS
Erie 1st pfd 2,400 66% 66% 66 l 4
Erie 2d pfd 1.100 52 blV, 514
Great Northern pfd 4,200 1S5% 182Vi 184'*
Hocking Valley 50
Hocking Valley pfd 300 75% 75% 75%
Illinois Central l.lrtO 145% 145 145
Iowa Central 200 39% 33% 39»4
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 74% 73% 71
Lake Erie & Western.. • 100 63 63 62
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 100 126 126 124
Louisville & Nashville.. 5,100 104% 103% 103%
Manhattan L 700 118% US 117%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 1,000 167% 166% 16SH
Mexican Central 900 25% 25U 23%
Mexican National 2.600 ll»i 11% 11%
Minneapolis & St Louis. - 100 107% 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific 5,800 1C2% 102% 102'i
Missouri Kansas & Tex S00 27\i 27 27
Missouri Kans & T pfd -800 55 54% 54%
New Jersey Central 161%
New York Central 200 154% 154H 154
Norfolk & Western 13,400 56% 55% 56
Norfolk & Western pfd 88
Northern Pacific pfd.... 100 97 97 96%
Ontario & Western 5.600 34% 33% 34
Pennsylvania 3.300 146 143% 145%
Reading 15.400 42% 42% 4"2%
Reading 1st pfd 3,900 73 78% 7SVs
Reading 2d pfd 2,100 54 53 , 53
St Louis & San Fran... 700 41% 41 40%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 78
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 200 63 68 C8V4
St. Louis Southwestern. 900 30% 23% 30
St Louis Southwest pfd 200 62% 62U 61%
St Paul 2,200 167% 165% 165%
St Paul pfd 185
Southern Pacific 58.000 58% 57% 57%
Southern Railway 6,000 33% 32% 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 4.800 SS 8714 87%
Texas & Pacific 2.900 43% 42% 42%
Toledo St Louis & West 20
Toledo Pt L & "West pfd 100 33% 31% 33%
Union Pacific 25,700 100 98"fe 99
Union Pacific pfd........ 200 90% 90% 90%
Wabash 8,300 22% 21%« 21%
Wabash pfd 15,000 40% 39% 40%
Wheeling & L E 18%
W & L E 2d pfd - 32
Wisconsin Central 200 20% 20% ' 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd. 100 42 42 42
P C C & St L 70
Express companies —
Adams • 175
American 192
United States 87
Wells Fargo 155
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper ... 7,800 116% 115% 11S%
Am Car & Foundry 400 2S«4 29 29Vi
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 200 81% 84% 84%
Am Linseed Oil ., 21%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 60%
Am Smelting & Refg ... 200 52% . 52% 52%
Am Smelt & Fef pfd ... 1,600 101% 101% 100
American Tobacco 2,100 134% 134% 134%
Anaconda Mining Co... 1,500 46 45 45
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 4,200 75% 74% 74%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 100 97% 97% 96
Consolidated Gas 1.400 224% 223% 224
Continental Tobacco 1,200 67% 61% 67%
Con Tobacco pfd •.... 117%
General Electric 100 260 2C0 255
Glucose Sugar 55
Hocking Coal -. xg
International Paper 100 22% /22% -22
Inter Paper pfd -2,600 77% 77" 77%
International Power .... 400 92% 92% S2%
Laclede Gae ...'. 91
National Biscuit 900 44% 43% 44
National Lead ¦ 20'4
National Salt 42'
National Salt pfd 4,200 76 75% 75
North American 100 99% 99% 97
Pacific Coast 66
Pacific Mail * EOO 41% 41 40%
People's Gas 2.7C0 113 112 112V4
Pressed Steel Car 100 40% 40% 40»i
Pressed Steel Car pfd g,;£
Pullman Palace Car . ..." 207 "
Republic Steel 4,800 21% 20% 20%
Republic Steel pfd 500 76 75% 751?
* : "gar 2.500 134% 133% 133%
Tenn Coal & Iron 3,000 64% 63% 63
Union Bag & Paper Co. 700 17V4 17 16%
Union B & P Co pfd .... 600 74% 74 73%
U S Leather 1,100 13% 13%' 13%
U S leather pfd 700 81% 81% 81%
*-* fc> Kubber ... ........ •...". iu
U 8 Rubber pfd .'.'.'. "" 55 ,
United 6tates Steel .... 11,500 42% 42% 42Vi
US Steel pfd 5.100 92% 92^ 02%
Western Lnicn 300 93% S3% 93
399.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2b ref reg....lO7%jN Y Cent lsts 104%
U S 2s ref coup.. .. 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. l"?
V S 3k rag -....10*VN Pacific 3s....? 76
Ji S3s coup 108>4 IN Pacific 4s.. ......104%
U S new 4s reg....l37 N Y C & S L 4s..lO6%
U S new 4s coup.. 137 N & W con 4s... 102
L S old 4s reg....H3 Or Nav lsts.... no
U S old 4s coup.. ..113 Or Nav 4s ,..'lO2%
U S 5s reg 107% Or Short Line ek. 125%
U S S« coup... 10-^iOr S Line con Es 117?!
Diet of Col 3.65s.. .124 I Reading Gen 4s S5V7
Atchison «ren 4s.. ..104 R G W lsts 101
Atchison a<!J 4s.... 97 ' S L & I M con hs'im*.
Canada So ids 1C9 S L & S F gen 6s 1'5
Ches & Ohio 4%s...lO8 St Paul cons.:.. 184
Ches & OKlo 5s 121 S P C & P lsts 115 !
C & NW oon 7s. ..137 S P-C & P 5s.... 116%
C & NWEFdeb 5s.l23V*jSo Pacific 4s....... 91%
Chga Terminal 4s.. 95 |So Railway 5s. .....117
Colo Southern. 4s... 87%' Stand R & T 6s £3
D & R G 4s 101%,Tex& Pac lsts 118%
Erie General 4s SS^jTex & Pac 2ds 98%
F W & D C lsts.. 104%j Union Pacific 4s. ..104%
Gen Electric 5s....2O0 Wabash 1st* 1171;
Iowa Cent Iste.....ll5 Wabash 2ds no
L & NUnl 4s.. ....101% West Shore 4s...:..112%
M K & T 2de 82 Wis Cent l«ts...... 87U
M K & T Is .:. 98 Va Centuries'. 94%
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"Prices of many railroad stocks are EtSlUhigh,
judged by the dividends which they return and
fcy the fact that ceaeral business activity has
touched high-water mark. But this is not the
only inf.aence controlling values at present,
for it should be remembered that the entire
railroad system of the United States Is passing
through a process of centralization that has a
most important bearing upon values. The
grouping of American railroads into a few great
eyettms, which promises to be socn completed,
adds immensely to their stability as invest
ments. Ruinous rate wars are very probably
a thing of the past and roads which have been
doing business at a loss are rapidly entering
the dividend-paying list. Watered stocks have
cither b-»en eliminated by reorganization or paid
for in outlays from 'earnings. Our railroads
were never in better physical and financial
conJiticri than to-day, and their prospects as
Cividend-naytrs are excellent. Very few are
paying aii Uicy earn: consequently any mod
erate reduction in gross earnings would not
affect dividends for the reason that the pres
ent large outlays lor new equipment and im
provements, will not be permanent. Conscrv
s t'Fm has been ths rule in railroad manage
ment for the last few years and stockholders
have b«n getting the advantage of this new
policy Plans for railroad consolidation are
xn>t by any means complete. One combination
forces another and the present movement is
not likely to end untii the whole country has
been divided into groups; this being the ulti
mate result predicted years ago by tar-sighted
practical railroad men. This tendency need
cause no concern in the public mind, for suit
able legislation will certainly be devised to
control the powers of these great railroad
magnates. Public ownership of the railroads
would plunge us into a sea of unknown forces.
¦National supervision could readily be made
sufficiently effective to prevent corporate
abuses. .
"The future of the market appears somewhat
encouraging. The country is still prosperous;
there is plenty of trafflc in sight for the rail
roads for the balance of this year at least,
end we are likely to have a good export de
mand for our surplus products of the soil.
The farmers as a class are sure of. a year of
more than average though not record-breaking
prosperity. When the next upward movement
in stocks begins the lower priced securities are
likely to be made more active, as the old fa
vorites are now so high as to call for prudence
In handling them."
Conditions in Wall Street.
LONDON. Aug. 21.— Anaconda, 9%; Atchison
78%; Canadian Pacific. 114; D. & R. G., 43%;
do preferred, 94>4; Northern Pacific preferred,
98%; Southern. Pacific, 59\i; Union Pacific pre
ferred, S2"£. Bar silver, steady, . 27&d. Money,
l\i per cent.* *
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram -says:
Business on the Stock Exchange was still very
light to-day.* There is some talk of a reduction
of the bank discount rate, but all authorities
say that no reduction will take place this au
tumn, owing to the demand for gold in Amer
ica.
London responded to' the firmness In "Wall
street, but only the specialties moved.
CLOSING.
London Market.
• MILLSTUFFS— Prices in* sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour; $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour,' $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7;. Corn Meal,, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, .$5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; -Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, '$3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 E0@8; Pearl Barley. $5; > Split
Peas $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— Calif ornia Family Extras, $3 25®
3 EO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 23;
Oregon. $2. 50@2 75 -' per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $275
©3. ¦ : ¦' .' . "¦-'¦ -'•': .- : " :i ,; . ¦• i
Flour and Millstu ffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'/4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9i£c: light. 9c; Cow
Hides' 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted* Kip. 9Hcj Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 16@lGVic;. Culls. 14c; Dry
KId' 16c- Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands. 13c;
Sheepskins. shearlings. 15@30c each: short
Wool 30&50c : each;' medium, o0@<ac; long
Wool' S0c«m each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 ob®
2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 50®
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. %\ 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium sf»ns, 30c;
winter j or thin skins, 20c. Goatsklns—Prlme
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered, . 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%@4c; grease. 2Vi@3c. . <£
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Hamboldt and
Mendocino. H@15V4c: do; Lambs', -lie per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Souther a
tree, 7 months, 7@lCc; do, defective, 7 months,
7©8c; Oregon' Valley fine," 14@15c;" do, medium
and 1 coarse, . ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, 11
@13c; do. fair to.good, ,9@llc; Nevada. lOQll^c.
Falh-San Joaquin, 6V2@8V4c; . San. Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c. ' ". . '
HOPS— 15(g2Cc per lb "
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hups.
j NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— While tin values in
New York and in London continue to decline
it is more from 'a lack of business than from
any other niotive. Trading was extremely dull
again to-day In all metals, with no sign of an
improvement unless some definite conclusion is
reached as to the steel strike. Tin, was 2s 6d
lower in London, spot closing at £115 .15s Id;
futures at £110 17s' 6d. Here values were a
, shade ¦ lower, but the market was dull; closing
at $26 50. . ¦ ¦ .# , .
Copper was without change locally and nomi
nal at $16 50@17 for Lake Superior and. $16@
16 6214 forecasting and electrolytic. Under
liquidation prices in London closed 10s lower
on copper, thus spot stood at £66 5s and. futures
at £66.12s:6d: . • . _ ¦ ¦ .
, Lead was dull and unchanged at $4 37% here
and unchanged at £11 lla 3d in London.
. Spelter was quiet, both at home and abroad,
closing- at $3 92> / 4@3 37V4 and £17 2s 6d re
spectively.' ¦ : : . . •¦' ' ' •
- Domestic 'Iron markets were Inactive and
nominally unchanged at $9@10 for pigiron war
rants, i No. . 1 Northern foundry, $15®15 50; No.
2 Southern foundry. $14@14 60; No. I Southern
foundry. J14 75@15 25; No. 1 Southern foundry,
soft. $14 75@15 25. •
| Glasgow warrants closed at 54s 3d and Mid
dlesbpro at 45s 7'^d. '
New"' York Metal Market.
Silver higher again.
Shipment of $497,678 to China.
Wheat more buoyant at Chicago.
Other grains shozv no nciv features.
Bran and Middlings firm and Hay steady.
Beans zee!! cleaned up and tinn.
Potatoes advanced 25c per bushel at Chicago.
Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm.
Fresh Fruit about as previously quoted.
Sharp demand for Dried Fruit.
Provisions firm, but not very active. , .
Meat quotations unaltered.
Local stocks dull. Oil stocks more active.
Wine Grapes came in from Antioch.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2 5 Little Chief U. ...... J2
£!£• "••• -••• 45 Onta "<> ••.••.....•.....8 00
Breece ........ I in Orihir - en
Brun^ick' con:;:::: 1 it Kbr:::::::::::::: . g
Comstpck Tunnel... 06 Potcsi 03
Con Oal & Va 1 6S Savage 05
Deadwood Terra.... 65 Sierra Nevada 09
Horn Silver .......1 75 Small Hones 40
S standard - 3 °°
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .< West End 96%
Cfll loans 3%<S?5 Westinghouse El... 70 2
Time loans 4 @2 Bond.?- ¦
Stocks— Atchison 4s 102
A Z, S ,F......... 76V4 N E Gas&Coke 5s. 5GV4
A T & t, F .pfd... 96?, Mining Shares— .
Am Sugar 133% Adventure .......... 27%
Am Telephone 161 Bingham Min Co. . i\\
Boston fz Albany. .257 Amalg Copper .... .11614
Boston Elevated ..178 Atlantic 37%
Boston & Maine.. .192% Calumet & Hecla.. 745
Dominion Coal ...39- Centennial 30"
Dom Coal pfd 115U Franklin 19 ¦
Ft I f^I-yi-" 4-'% Humboldt 25
U S Steel pfd 9214 Osceola 1C0
Fitchburg nfd 145 Parrot 51U
Gen Electric 295V- Quincy v 170
Ed Elec 111.. 2>0 ' Santa Fe Copper... 7V>
Mexican Central... 25 Tamarack 346 "
N-EGas & Coke. > 6% Utah Mining 30H
Old Colony 208 Wlnona .....,;...... 3%
Old.Domlnlon 31^ Wolverines S5
Union Pacific 99
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
- ' LIVERPOOL..
Wheat— •'.- ¦ ... Sept.. Dec.
Opening '...;..., ,..; ''...:. 5 6% B S5s
Closing .;...:..:.... •.". 5 6% 1 .'5 8%
/;y%>-> Paris. i
Wheat— .... •'.. . Aug. ¦-. Nov.-Feb.
Opening .,...;. 2195 22 60
Closing , 21 95 22 90
. Flour— ¦' .-..,-, .
Opening 27 40 2S 85
Closing 27 S5 29 20
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12Uc fpr light medium, 13%c for light. 14'4c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Harns, 14c: California Hams, 13*4c;
Mess Beef. $11 per-bbl: extra Mess, $12; Family.
J12 50- prime Mes3 Pork, $13; extra clear. $23;
Mess.' $19: Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
Lard- Tierces quoted at .©.'/ac per lb for
compound. and 10%c for ,. pure; hair-barrels,
pure, 10%c; 10-lb tins, llJ4c;.»-lb tins ll%c. .
COTTOLENE— One half- barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 914c; tivo tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per. lb.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions,
Provisions.
CALL BOARD SALES."-.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. . ¦
Regular Morning Session— No sales. ; •
.Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Receipts ' are increasing, ">as usual at
this time of the year, and the Southern coast
is now sending in liberal shipments. The mar
ket shows no . further change. Grays are sell
ing to arrive at ' $1 10@l 20, ! whites are quoted
at $1 15@1 35, Black, ?1@1 10, and Red, $1 05@
1 20 per ctl. .
CORN — Chicago was dull and weak, the Gov
ernment weekly bulletin reporting late ¦ Corn
Improved all ove/" the ; belt , In consequence of
the recent rains. There is now some demand
for export. , '..• ' . • ¦•¦':.-''¦.
This market continues dull and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 75;- Eastern Yellow,
$1 62U©] C5; White. ?1 70@l 75 per ctl; mixed,
?1 50@l E5. ¦' . "
RYE— 75@77>ic per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands. .
CALL BOARD SALES. -
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December-
No sales. . .•¦-.-..
. Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 02.' ;
Regular Morning Session — December — 8000 ctls,
*1 01%. ¦ . ¦ : • •
Afternoon Session— No sales. •"'¦¦!
BARLEY— The market showa no change
whatever. .Another vessel is loading. She goes
to Europe.
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright. 72&c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77^@85c; Chevalier, nominal. ¦ i. ~ -.
price Is now within 6c of ..the point at which
the market was before there was any damage
to the | cereal J crops, and before there was any
idea of the enormous foreign requirements.
The export business was better than for a fort
night, 100,000. bushels being, taken . at Chicago
and. 38 loads at New York. ¦ Minneapolis stocks.
In spite. of the liberal receipts this week, have
decreased 115,000 bushels.
The market here was firmer, but very dull.
Spot . Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, *1@
1 O2'/2 per ctl. . . : .-.¦•¦-.••
market v/as -dull,; easy; creameries, 14@20%c;
dairies, 13@17c. Cheese, 9%@10%c: Eggs, steady,
fresh, 14c. ' . ;.•.•• . ¦ - ¦*• • ¦ ¦ > ¦
nuts 5@7c for, Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@l2%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, U@13c;; Cocoanuts,'
V ' HONEY— Comb, 12@12VsC for! bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5Vi
@6c: light amber extracted, 4H<@5c; dark, 4Jj)
4%c *
BEESWAX-25(f 28c per lb. . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1901.-
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
Articles — Open. High. Low. ¦ Close
.Wheat No. 2— .
September :.. 70% 70% 69% 70%
December 72V4 ' 73% 73 73
May 76 76% 73% 76*
Corn No. 2 — *
Sept<»nber 57 , 67%' • 56% • 57H
December 59U >¦¦ 59% 58% 5944
May , 61% "61% -60% ,61%
Oats No. 2— '
September.... 35 > 35% 34% 35%
December ' 36% 36% . 36" .. 36'fa
May 28% 39 3SU 3S^
Mess pork, per barrel —
September ....14 45 14 43 14 37J4 14 i2Vi
October 14 45 14 50 14 45 14 47^
January ............15 40 15 57V6 15 40 15 55
Lard, per 100 pounds— ¦-••¦•
September :... 8 85 8 92V4 8 65 8 90-
October ...8 92^ 9 00: 8 92% . ' S 97%
January 8 77% 8 87%: 8 77% 3 85
Short .ribs, per 100 pounds— >.
September ......:... 8 23 .8 27% „ 8 25 8 25
October' -..8 32% 8 37% 8 32% 8 33. ]
January 7 92% . 8 00 7 92% 8 CO
Articles — , Kecelpts. Sh
Flour, barrels ................. 60,000
Wheat, bushels ..475.000.
Jorn, bushels ......323,000
.lats, bushols ...52,000
Rye.bushels ..............." n 16,000
Barley.- bushels ......;..;.' 35,000 ¦'.
hlpments.
. ' 52.000
247,000
¦ » . 63,000
14.000
3,000
3,000
in ; th.e 'Produce
Kxcbanj
STATIONS.
Hollifter
Ilanford ...........
Napa
Pan Jose
Riverside
Palermo
\>n tura _ . . . .
Santa Maria
2! ** o°
.3.3 2
...71 43 FoRgy
...93 65 Clear
...71 47 Clear
...76 46 Clear
...89 €1 Clear
...S2 54 Clear
...€» 55
-.70 S5
O <
II I
: 3
v. r rm
Calm ....
SW
NW
W
S Brisk
STATIONS.
Astoria... . ....... .
Baker
Carson
«Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Pocat«>llo. Idaho..
Portland
ned Bluff
Rcseburg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
San Francisco
Fan Luis Obispo..
Can Diego
Seattle
Spokane..
Neah Bay
Valla Walla
Wtnnemueca
Yuma
s 2 2 c 2
g ?=» -?=• z~ =3
» : s . c — o s^» '• "
j||||3|§ jj ;?
..2S.S6 C8 S4 W Clear T^
..2S.9i> 78 52 N'W Cloudy .00
..29. 86 80 42 W Clear .00
..2S.S6 S8 52 W Cloudy .00
..2S.80 !•< 54 N'W Clear .0>J
..30.00 78 44 S1V Pt Cldy .00
..29.70 S6 62 SE Clear iOO
..29.SS SO 58 SV/ Clear .00
..29.72 104 76 X Clear .CO
.29. 98 ti 12 E Cloudy .01
..29.9« 78 56 XW Clear .CO
..29.84 K «0 SE Clear .00
..29.S6 78 56 N\V Pt Cldy .00
..29.*S 72 £2 BW Clear .00
..2».86 86 E6 X Pt Cldy .00
..29. S6 SS 52 W Clear .CO
..29.PS 72 54 IV Clear .00
..29.00 70 64 NW Clear .00
..30.00 76 £2 NW Clear .00
..29 .84 86 56 N Clear .00
..30.04 60 48 KW Pt Cldy .CO
..29.S6 90 E6 N Pt Cldy .00
..29.76 £4 50 W Clear .00
..£9.C8 102 72 W aear .ou
STATIONS.
Hollifter
Ilanford ...........
Napa
Pan Jose
Riverside
Palermo
\>n tura _ . . . .
Santa Maria
2! ** o°
.3.3 2
...71 43 FoRgy
...93 65 Clear
...71 47 Clear
...76 46 Clear
...89 €1 Clear
...S2 54 Clear
...€» 55
-.70 S5
O <
II I
: 3
v. r rm
Calm ....
SW
NW
W
S Brisk
Articles — Open. High. Low. ¦ Close
.Wheat No. 2— .
September :.. 70% 70% 69% 70%
December 72V4 ' 73% 73 73
May 76 76% 73% 76*
Corn No. 2 — *
Sept<»nber 57 , 67%' • 56% • 57H
December 59U >¦¦ 59% 58% 5944
May , 61% "61% -60% ,61%
Oats No. 2— '
September.... 35 > 35% 34% 35%
December ' 36% 36% . 36" .. 36'fa
May 28% 39 3SU 3S^
Mess pork, per barrel —
September ....14 45 14 43 14 37J4 14 i2Vi
October 14 45 14 50 14 45 14 47^
January ............15 40 15 57V6 15 40 15 55
Lard, per 100 pounds— ¦-••¦•
September :... 8 85 8 92V4 8 65 8 90-
October ...8 92^ 9 00: 8 92% . ' S 97%
January 8 77% 8 87%: 8 77% 3 85
Short .ribs, per 100 pounds— >.
September ......:... 8 23 .8 27% „ 8 25 8 25
October' -..8 32% 8 37% 8 32% 8 33. ]
January 7 92% . 8 00 7 92% 8 CO
Articles — , Kecelpts. Sh
Flour, barrels ................. 60,000
Wheat, bushels ..475.000.
Jorn, bushels ......323,000
.lats, bushols ...52,000
Rye.bushels ..............." n 16,000
Barley.- bushels ......;..;.' 35,000 ¦'.
hlpments.
. ' 52.000
247,000
¦ » . 63,000
14.000
3,000
3,000
in ; th.e 'Produce
Kxcbanj
STATIONS.
Astoria... . ....... .
Baker
Carson
«Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Pocat«>llo. Idaho..
Portland
ned Bluff
Rcseburg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
San Francisco
Fan Luis Obispo..
Can Diego
Seattle
Spokane..
Neah Bay
Valla Walla
Wtnnemueca
Yuma
s 2 2 c 2
g ?=» -?=• z~ =3
» : s . c — o s^» '• "
j||||3|§ jj ;?
..2S.S6 C8 S4 W Clear T^
..2S.9i> 78 52 N'W Cloudy .00
..29. 86 80 42 W Clear .00
..2S.S6 S8 52 W Cloudy .00
..2S.80 !•< 54 N'W Clear .0>J
..30.00 78 44 S1V Pt Cldy .00
..29.70 S6 62 SE Clear iOO
..29.SS SO 58 SV/ Clear .00
..29.72 104 76 X Clear .CO
.29. 98 ti 12 E Cloudy .01
..29.9« 78 56 XW Clear .CO
..29.84 K «0 SE Clear .00
..29.S6 78 56 N\V Pt Cldy .00
..29.*S 72 £2 BW Clear .00
..2».86 86 E6 X Pt Cldy .00
..29. S6 SS 52 W Clear .CO
..29.PS 72 54 IV Clear .00
..29.00 70 64 NW Clear .00
..30.00 76 £2 NW Clear .00
..29 .84 86 56 N Clear .00
..30.04 60 48 KW Pt Cldy .CO
..29.S6 90 E6 N Pt Cldy .00
..29.76 £4 50 W Clear .00
..£9.C8 102 72 W aear .ou
AUCTION \SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
40 Fine Road Horses,
SPLENDID CARRIAGES. BUGGIES. CARTS.
PHAETONS. SULKIES. HARNESS.
BOOTS. ETC.
By order executors Moses Hopkins Estate.
This consignment includes stallions, geld'nsr^
and mares by such sires «s Silver Bow 2:1*.
Eros 2:?5. Grandlssimo 2:23^.. El B-nton 2:23.
Pilot Prince. . Mountain King. Hawthorne.
Moses 8. Director Wilkes. Socrates, etc.. out
of excellent mares: all broken single and donhto
and their ages range from 4 to 8 years. Theru
are also several fine saddle horses amonsr them.
This is af rare opportunity, for. business and
livery men to purchase first-class hors»n.
vehicles and harness at their own price. On»
"vehicle cost $18W) and harne«>« for »am» cost
tlOOO. .am veh'» > 'i»«i an<1 na"* - »« n»arlv new.
Sale takes place THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, Aug. 22, 190!, at 11 a. o.,
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
"WILLIAM O. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
Stock at vard August 20. Catalogues ready.
Columbian Auction House, Inc.
Office and Salesroom 1057 Market st
"Will Sell TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY and FRIDAY
Augvst 22 and 23, 19C1,
At 11 O'clock a, m., on the Premises,
1049 Market St., Hotel Robinson,
60 Rooms. 60 Rooms. 60 Room3. 60 Rooms.
Of Oak and Cherry Parlor and Bedroom
Suites. Oak Chiffoniers. Oak Wardrobes. Oalc
Folding Bed3. Hair Top Mattresses, Pillows,
etc.; also 5000 Yards Carpet. Particulars
Chronicle.
GALLICK &' VINCENT. Auctioneers.THE DEPARTED SCIENTIST AND SOME OP THE EMINENT MEN
WHO SPOKE LOVING WORDS AT SERVICES HELD IN HIS MEMORY
AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY YESTERDAY.
ASHLAND, Or., Aug. 21.— Word reached
here that the stage on the Ager-Klamath
Falls route waa held up by highwaymen
ten miles east of Ager, Cal., this morning.
After securing the Wells-Fargo > ' & >¦. -.Co.'.
Express box and the United States. mall
the highwaymen made good their escape."
The scene of thehold-up was a flat coun
try and in a neighborhood not heretofore
infested by stage robbers. ¦ 8&*?IP^
AGEH-KLAMATH FALLS
STAGE MEETS OUTLAWS
Bobbers Escape , With "Wells-Fargo's
Box and the United States ,
Mail.
; ; When, the collision occurred all the lights
went out." 'The two engines ;: were badly
wrecked, : as >. were also : their tenders, the
smoker and one freight' car. The lender
of the passenger train ; telescoped, the
¦' The injured are: RobertKIley, Jackson
ville.-leg broken- and injured internally;
W. Howatt, : Bloomlngton, fireman of the
freight, 1 ribs crushed; Charles Marshall,
St. , Louis, arm broken, scalp wound;
Charles Slmms, Longdale. 111., section
hand/" badly; cut, about head and "chest;
William -i Mason. Stuttgart, ; Ark., ribs
broken; A.- L. , Wood, engineer of .freight,
slightly "injured. All the . passengers es
caped injury, a few only,. being slightly
bruised. ¦»'.-. • ' • . - ' • .-,
"The dead are:' Con Sheehan,; engineer of
the passenger train; John Adams, fireman
of the passenger train; j three unknown
men, who wera on the tender.;
JACKSONVILLE, 111., , Aug., 21,-The
Chicago and Alton "hummer," which left
Chicago: at .6:30 last night, was Wrecked
in a head-end collision with' a way freight
in the railroad "yards at Prentice, twelve
miles north of here, at 12:20. a. m.. killing
five persons and injuring six others. . % •
mer" Causes Injury to
' Train Men.- •
Wreck of Chicago and Alton "Hum-
RAILROAD COLLISION
\ KILLS ; FIVE PERSONS
-.Oregon: ' ' Original— Adolph " Gaudlltz,
Beaverton, - $6; ; John -McDowell, Summit,
$12. ¦-.- :.. ,.. --; ¦ ;•; .¦ -; ..¦ / - ¦,.
¦Washington: Original— Justus Brook3,
Toledo, $6. Increase— Theophllus M. Ac
ton,-Rockford, $8.
• The following pensions .were granted:
California: Original — Byron A. Predmore,
Veterans' Home. Napa, $6: William Wal
lace Stewart, Pine Grove, $6. Widow, war
with 8paln— Anna M. Bush, San Francis
co, $12. _ "
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21— The Postofflcc
Department has announced the following:
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Amy. .V. Harris,; Somersville. Oregon—
Hollis McH.' Keck,' Hammond. Appointed:
California— J.Q. Adams, Valley. Center,
San Diego' County, vice F. E. Lesher, re
moved. ''>; . -¦ : :
and More Pensions Are
. Issued. • "
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEEEST TO PEOPLE
SI OF THE PACIFIC COAST,
smoker, . which , rolled over on its side.'
How the accident occurred may never be
known. One theory is that the freight
train, which was resting on a siding for
the "hummer" to pass, gradually slipped
down on. the main track .without the crew
being aware of it. /"
WILLIAM McKINLET. ¦
By the President: JOHN HAY. Secretary of
State. ¦ ...
fn the commemoration of the purchase of the
Louisiana territory, an event of great interest
to the United States and of abiding effect on
their development, by . appointing representa
tives and sending such exhibits to the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition as will most fitly and
fully Illustrate their resources, their industries
and their progress in civilization.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and caused the seal of the United
States, to be affixed.
Done at the city of "Washington, this twen
tieth day of August, one thousand nine hundred
and one, and of the Independence of . the United
States the one hundred and twenty-sixth. '¦
John Hcnig. formerly employed at the
German Hospital, committed suicide in a
lodging-house at 246 Third street last
evening by hanging himself to a bedpost.
The cause of Henig's suicide is not
known. Henig" left the hospital several
days apo. saying that he was to secure a
better job. He then rented a room on
Third street, but has been idle since. Last
night the landlady. Mrs. Schmidt, found
him hanging to a bedpost and notified the
Coroner. Deceased was 50 years of age.
Hanged Himself to a Bedpost.
Miss Logan Recovers Her Ring.
Miss Aida Logan, 639 O'Farrell street,
secured a search warrant from Judge Ca
baniss yesterday to recover possession of
her diamond ring, valued at $150, which
Paul Redfield Lewis, the oil stock pro
moter, was charged with embezzling. She
discovered that the ring had been pawned
by Lewis with the Baldwin Jewelry Com
pany, Market street, for $86. Policeman
Hickey, armed with the search warrant,
obtained the rng from the company.
Lewis fled to Mexico to escape arrest.
Miss Logan's mother i3 out over $'*000
through her acquaintance with Lewis.
Lecture and Concert Postponed.
The lecture on "Savonarola and Alex
ander VI," by the Rev. Father O'Neil, and
the concert by the Rev. Father Robert
Sesnon have been postponed, the date be
ing changed to Monday. September 2. The
lecture and concert, to be given in Metro
politan Temple, are under the auspices
and for the benefit of St. Dominic'* Mon
astery.
Clayton Case Submitted.
Attorney George D. Collins concluded
his argument before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock yesterday after
noon in the case of the United States
against Charles L. Clayton, ex-quarter
master's clerk on board the transport
Sheridan, for embezzling $1261 90. Judge
Heacock took the matter under advise
ment.
Trial for Heavy Damages.
The suit of James H. Bruce, Mrs. Eva
Castle and T. Shorey against "Wells, Fargo
and "Co.'s Bank was placed on trial yes
terday before a jury in the United States
Circuit Court. The action was brought
to recover $100,000 damages for the al
leged unlawful conversion by the bank of
$S0,772 worth of whalebone that had been
hypothecated with the bank.
Southern Pacific to Build Tanks.
The Southern Pacific Company has sent
out requests for bids for the construction
of an oil tank at Lordsburg. The struc
ture will be a mammoth affair capable
of holding over 100.000 gallons of oil. Tanks
with a capacity of 50,000 gallons are to be
constructed at Cambray, Deming and
San Simon.
Be No More Careful
Of the word you use than of the paper
on which you use it when conducting so
cial correspondence. The fashionable
styles just now are the "Carrara Mar
mor," "Peau d'Antilope" and "Linen
Lawn." Kept at Sanborn & Vall's, 711
Market street. • '
Men Stabbed in New Mexico.
SANliA FS, N. M., Aug. 21.-In a fight
at Fierro, a mining camp in Grant Coun
ty, three men were stabbed, two fatally
Juan Alamanza and Alexander I "Whits.
Juan Malinda was also stabbed, but not
fatally. Antonio Lopez and Francisco So
tello. who are charged with the stabbing,
escaped.
Henry M. Flagler Will Marry.
RALEIGH, N. C. Aug.,21.-A telegram
received to-night by the News and Ob
server announces that Miss Lily Kennan
and Henry M. Flagler will be married
at Wilmington next Saturday.
"Woodworkers End the Strike.
DENVER, Aug. 21.— The woodworkers'
strike ended to-day and the mills were
reopened, the lumber companies having
consented to recognize the card system of
the Building Trades Council.
Victor Andprson and A ace Ruby Wilson
•were married yesterday In the office of
"Cupid" Dar.forth immediately after the
latter had issued a marriage license to
them. Ap the bride was under age. being
V t 16 years old. it -was necessary for her
rather. Mrs. Kate Wilson, to subscribe
f.\irr consent to the wedding of her daugh
i^v. Mrs. Wilson is a paralytic and had
to be carried to Danforth's office by the
hackman who dro\-e her to the City Hall.
She said that she was perfectly willing
ihat her daughter Fhould be married to
the man of her choice and the knot was
lied by Justice of the Peace Lons. The
farties to the wedding reside at 5S2 O'Far
rell street.
Carried to Her Daughter's Wedding.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 21.-By the col
lapse of a burning oil tank to-day at the
Atlantic Refining Company's plant at
Point Breeze, -where - a fire has been
raging since Monday afternoon, about 100
persons, firemen, employes of the com
pany and spectators, • were more or less
severely burned. Most of the cases were
treated on the ground by ambulance sur
geons, but a few of them were sufficiently
serious .to necessitate removal to the hos- y
pitals. . :
When the tank careened and fell the
heavy iron sheathing separated, precipi
tating large , quantities of blazing pe
troleum into -«.asseyunk avenue. There
was a wild stampede among the people in
the vicinity and many of them were bad
ly* burned. Late to-night the ¦ firemen
and officials of the company said the fire
was under control. Only one tank is now
burning, and unless the wind -changes
from the. southwest the fire will burn
itself out within a . few hours. rV.
-It' is difficult to secure an accurate idea
of the loss. ¦ President Lloyd of the At
lantic Refining Company said that even
the officials of the company did not know
how many tanks had been • destroyed. He
estimated the loss at $300,000 or. $400,000. .
in Pennsylvania Causes
Disaster.
Collapse of a Tank' at the' Great Fhe
SPECTATORS BURNED
BY THE BLAZING OIL
Miss Grace Hemme, Miss "Bert Hemme, Miss
Ruby Fell. Xtyss Kvelyn Baugh. Miss Grace
Oray. Miss Alice Wyth<\ Miss B*rnhart, Miss
Margy Smith. Miss Florence Hudson. Miss
Florence Champreux. Miss Margaret French,
Miss Nora Beatty. Miss Flora Baclgalupl. Miss
Mary Scott and Miss Elizabeth Herrmann.
"Lift Up Thine Eves." from Mendels
sohn's oratorio of "Elijah," was sung by
the following members of the University
Women's Choral Society:
Dr. Taylor, dean of the law college, read
an original sonnet entitled "L-e Conte and
the Yosemite." The instrumental musical
numbers were a Bach sonata and "God
Pave the Emperor," viola solos bv Henry
Holmes and an ondantn from Spohr on
th«» viol'nby Hoth*>r WJsmer.. * ¦ .
The power of suoh a life is hard to estimate.
For thirty years his name has been a tower
of strength to the university, not simply for
his scientific fame and Intellectual attainment?,
but even more for his moral strength and
beauty. His life has been woven Into thou
sands of roung expanding lives In this Western
commnnwAaUh. and his cheerful hopes have
lighted up their homes. The power of such a.
life cannot be estimated. You have felt it. I
hav* felt.lt, and the world is better that he has
lived. :.- ..
His was a wonderful combination— that fresh
ness of youth with the wisdom of age. To be
revered by the old and at the same time to
be loved and soueht for by the young is a rare
experience. "While honors were heaped upon
him — academic and scientific — to^the student he
was always "Doctor Joe." He knew It and it
pleased him, and he always kept In close touch
w'th them.
W lth all Dr. Le Conte's distinctions he never
lost his Blmpllcity and gentleness. Amid the
laborious cares of his daily duties he always
lent a willing ear to the humblest questioner
Love and goodness filled his heart to over
flowing. His dally life was the practical ex
pression of a soul grounded on deep religious
convictions. External nature whose phenome
na he delighted so much to Investigate was to
him only the manifestation of the indwelling
God and his own moral being rejoiced in th*
constant presence of the Infinite father
He lived very close to nature, and when in
his mountain camping trips he lay down to
sleep under the giant trees and looked Up
through their interlacing branches to the glit
tering stars, he thanked the giver of all goo-1
gifts for the robe of lavish beauty he ha<l
spread over the wo-ld for the delight of hU
children.
D * a y. ls ;./ Ormer President of the University
of California. He said:
spiring us to a generous emulation in all
worthy and noble endeavors.
Let us strive for a moment to penetrate the
secret of the great influence our revered teacher
exerted upon the lives and thought of the world
in general. You will remember that he was
fond of .getting comparative views, of seeing
things not merely as facts, or Items of knowl
edge, but in their relations to other things.
With him the comparative method in all study
was both precept and practice; comparative
physiology, comparative psychology, compara
tive thought In every field. How often have
we listened with delighted attention as he sent
his fancy roaming into adjacent fields of sci
ence and philosophy, or of science and the fine
arts, or of science and religion, for exemplifi
cations of N universal law, as with felicitous ar
gument h? made a group of scientific ideas
answer some of the profounder questions of
philosophy. . of religion or of the art of living.
His was the true scientific spirit that searches
for the truth, not In order that its 'discoverer
may win victories, may secure fame, material
comfort or riches, but because the truth will
help man to live the strenubus, the nobler life.
Scientist he was, not in the- narrow, but the
broad sense, searching for knowledge, -not of
facts, but of relations, striving to place man
true, not merely to his local and temporal en
vironment, but also and especially to his bound
less and eternal environment.
Painfully conscious are we to-day of the great
loss we have suffered. For almost a third of
a century we have had the friendship and dally
counsel of a man, whose thought has been able
to penetrate beyond the limitations of tradition
al opinion and creeds Into the regions where in
tuition a^d reason, may work in harmony to
gether, and to draw from thence for our in
spiration some of those eternal verities which
make for man's dignity and welfare.
Although to the rest 'of mankind he was also
a great teacher and a friendly counselor, for
when Joseph Le Conte spoke the world lis
tened, to us, his colleagues and pupils, he has
been far more than these. In the classroom, in
the council chamber, in the Philosophical
Union and at the fireside his thoughts have
become our thoughts In a way that others may
¦ not know.. There have been the contacts of
thought with thought, which strike fire an>l
bring out Intellectual and moral enthusiasms
to a blase. There have been the communlng3
of soul with soul in that close Intimacy where
all affections and artificialities cease. As he
walked back and forth In our midst there was
the everconseious. . everabidlng reality in our
hearts that here was being worked out for us
a stimulus to all higher endeavor, a reproach
to all baser motives, one of humanity's great
est Ideals: -
- - - Horace Davis' Address.
The closing address was by Hon. Horace
Tn behalf of the students Ralph T
Fisher, former president of the Asso
ciated Students of the University of Cal
ifornia, said: >
One mark of Dr. Le Conte's greatness lay
in the fascinating simplicity with, which h»
explained the most difficult subjects In the
classroom. Nothing was confused^ and no sub
terfuge of terms was ever resorted to. He was
a devotee of truth at all costs, and this con
viction of the truth made possible that earnest
ness which ; was contagious throughout hla
classes. Another mark of the scholar was the
faithfulness with which he prepared his lec
tures. He stated himself that he never thought
of coming before a class without two hours of
preparation on the work. This made his words
ever fresh and fired him with interest as of
a new discovery. University students are of
a critical mind, i but though he was with us
for over thirty years he 'never lost, thejr re
spect, their admiration or their affection. It
is certainly a telling record and testimony.
A beautiful tribute . to his relation toward
the student body Is that his birthday was each
year invariably remembered by some gift and
pome expression of their love from his pupils.
On such an occasion it- was not always easy to
keep one's eyes dry as he responded sympa
thetically to the remembrance from his class.
And I prize highly the letter from him ac
knowledging, the last birthday gifts we shall
ever be able to bestow. But It occurs to me
that since he has been taken from us nothing
could be more fitting to his memory than that
the student bodv should, on the recurrence of
his birthday In February of each year, present
In his name some gift to the university whoss
welfare he placed above his own and In whose
service he passed away. ¦
His Memory Imperishable. '
Professor Irving Strlngham, dean of the
college of social sciences, gave, the follow
ing expression:
Since our last meeting In this home gathering
place where we come for mutual talk and help,
an ever-present and Inspiring. reality- has been
changed to a Bad though an imperishable mem
ory; sad, because for a time we must be pain
fully conscious that a rare person has gone
away f rom ' us to return- no more: yet also
Joyful, because the spirit of his personality is
to. remain with us through all our lives, In-
certainly sympathetic that it is no wonder
the unanimous student sentiment exalted him
to the position which he has. always held In
tne affections of the university community.
Teaching was to him a pleasure and It was
as a, teacher he was pre-eminent.
Fame may challenge admiration and ability
command respect, but only a noble character
and a loving heart can secure such universal
devotion as Dr. Le Conte inspired.
This university will doubtless, on its long roll
of faithful servants, have many distinguished
scholars who will leave their names graven ns
de'eply in her temple of fame for the work
they have done in widening the bounds of hu
man. knowledge, or deepening the channel of
human activity, but when again shall It find
a man who shall combine with puch 'eminent 1
scholarship and faithful service the catholicity
of culture, the poetic Insight, the eloquent
tongue, the warmth of . human sympathy, the
gentle and chivalrous spirit, that characterized
that great soul whose loss we here mourn. His
Influence shall endure In this State of his adop
tion long after, his memory shall have faded
Into tradition in this university to which hla
Mfe work was devoted and which has repaid
with affectionate devotion .the whole-hearted
love, he bore for her.
In Behalf of the Students,
As a former pupil of Professor Joseph Le
Conte and as one who loved him. I am grate
ful for this opportunity to Join in this expres
sion of resoect to the memory of our great
teacher and friend. I am glad also to here
bear testimony to the profound sympathy and
sense of loss felt by my colleagues of Stan
ford University. It was my privilege with
many others of the earlier graduates of this
university to sit for three consecutive years
under his inspiring teaching and my further
privilege as a young Instructor to have for sev
eral years the advantage of a more Intimate
personal contact and to benefit by his friendly
advice and criticism. I may safely say that
by no other teacher was I so much influenced
In my ideal of scholarship and personal char
acter as by him.
If we earlier students missed manv of the
advantages which the students of this uni
versity at present enjoy, surely looking back
ward we may say that our greatest compen
sation lay in the longer and more intimate in
tercourse "which we enjoyed with a few great
teachers and among these none perhaps was so
generally admlr»d and so unlverpally loved as
Dr Joseph Le Conte. HIb broad scholarship,
his' clear and logical power of expression, his
masterly method of presentation, his eloouence
and enthusiasm challenged universal admira-
He wa? one who was so keenly alive to the
joy an* humor of llf*. so lenient to harmless
youthful follies could po well appreciate a
Kood natured Jest even if he were himself the
subject of It, was so unfailingly kind and so
Professor J. M. Stillman of Stanford
University was introduced. He said: - ,- :
Stanford Professor's Eulogy.
As one deviated to the cultivation of srienc*
and the teaching of science he insisted not
only upon his duty but also upon his right
to devote a considerable portion of his time
and strength to searching after new knowledge,
to testing authority. Each day he claimed the
scholar's most precious right — some hours alone
¦with his thoughts. He tells us in hts auto
biography that although he repeated his course
of lectures in geology fifty times he never went
before his class without having devoted two
hours to preparation for It. And so he spoke
-with authority. Nothing- I ever got from him
Impressed me more than the maintenance of
his own views as opposed to those held by
others In one of his first lectures in his course
in geology. There was power unto righteous
ness and eternal life in truth as he uttered It
because he never uttered It until he made It.
In humility and sincerity, part and parcel of
his own life.
We find here a strong resemblance between
Le Conte and Aeasslz. Both obtained deep
and original Insights into the foundation utxm
which a Sound doctrine of organic evolution
would have to rest, and this before the doctrine
itself was builded secure by Darwin: both re
fused for years to build upon the foundation
they had helped to lay, and both were un
doubtedly held back from this, not so much
by the theological dogmas they held as by the
depth and sincerity of their religious natures.
The difference between the two was, of course,
that Agasslz never came over to the evolution
ary view, while Le Conte did and became ont>
of Its most ardent, consistent and lucid ex
pounders.
ing the years of his apprenticeship In learning
of becoming: a teacher and consequently receiv
ing no pedagogical training at all. he reached
an eminence as a teacher that has been at
tained by but few.
Himself of a deeply religious nature, carefully
nurtured in a religious creed that held God's
creative power to have been exercised directly
in the productive organic species, and having
this belief fortified and extended by the great
authority of Agasslz. he became a convert to
the evolutionary doctrines of Darwin, and the
role he played in defense of this great truth,
and In robbing it of Its danger to religious
faith, is so familiar tp the world as to need
no mention on an occasion like this. Looking
at bis life In this cursory way arid from but
one point of view, it flight seem to have, in It.
a considerable element; of Instability. But no
large life can be fully-«een from one direction.
The truth is stability 'was one of his most dis
tinguishing traits. The seeming Instability was
entirely the instability of growth and inevitable
circumstance. Study his life and work atten
tively and you will find these two on every i
page he wrote. In every thought he uttered, in
well-nigh every deed he did. The anointed
prophet of the phenomenal world, the child of
true rolierlon.
Down."
What promises to be one of the best
amateur entertainments ever held in this
city will take- place under the auspice3
of the League Club at Odd Fellows' Hall
Friday evening, August 30. The affair i3
in the hands of an active committee,
which has arranged a programme which
includes the best talent in the League of
the Cross Regiment. Among those who
will take part in the programme will be
D. C. Sheerin, a clever character come
edian; Tom Mahoney. Carroll Johnson's
protege; William J. O'Brien, the popular
tenor, and eight others, all local favorites.
A fitting finish to the evening's fun will
be the presentation of the latest version
of "Quo Vadis Upside Down" by Messrs.
Gilson and McCormlck. The burlesque
has been entirely revised by Mr. McCor
mick and is funnier than ever. "Tiny"
George Shaw, the popular color sergeant
of the League of 'the Cros3 Cadets, will
carry the new role of fair Lydgia. A Bul
garian bull, just arrived on the steamer
Baltic, has been secured for the blood
curdling scene in the arena. Mr. Gilson
will be seen In his original role of Pat
Casey, the mighty giant, while Mr.
McCormick will appear as Marcus
Viniticius. Fitzgerald's Orchestra has been
engaged and will furnish music for two
good hours of dancing. The boys are
working for a worthy cause and as this
is a means of bringing in new members
and keeping the boys together their ef
forts should be rewarded with the patron
age of all the friends of the League of the
Cross. The curtain will rise promptly at
8 and the dancing will start at 10.
Play "Quo Vadis Upside , •
Members of the League Club Will
CADETS WILL PBODTTCE
A LAUGHABLE SKETCH
State Department Issues the An
nouncement of the Louisiana
Purchase Fair.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.-The State De
partment to-day Issued the following
proclamation:
By the President of the United States of
America, a proclamation: .
Whereas, A notice has been given me by the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition Commission, in
accordance with the provisions of section 9 of
the act of Congress, approved March 3, 1901,
entitled "An act to provide for celebrating the
one hundredth anniversary of the purchase of
the Louisiana territory by the United States
by holding an International exhibition of arts.
Industries, manufactures and the products of
the soil, mines, forest and sea, in the city of
St. Louis, in the State of Missouri," that pro
vision has been made for grounds and build
ings for the uses provided for in the said act
of Congress.- !
Now. therefore. I, William McKlnley, Presi
dent of the United States.- by virtue of the au
thority vested in me by the Bald act, do here
by declare and proclaim that such International
exhibition will be opened In - the ¦ city of St.
Louis, In the State of Missouri, not later than
the first day of May, 1903. and will be closed
not later than the first day, of December there
after. And in the name of the Government and
of the people of the United States, I do hereby
invite all the nations of the earth to take part
PBESIDENT PROCLAIMS
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
Like so many other careers of great achieve
ment in learning, his was In many ways a con
tradiction to nearly all the rules we cherish for
the making of scholars and teachers. Born un
der a social regime of the greatest unnatural
ness, his whole life stands forth as a model of
naturalness and rationality; reared to manhood
In the midst of an industrial system wont to
look upon all labor as beneath the dignity of a
gentleman, his whole life was one of the most
incessant. Joyous toil through which, however,
the perfect gentleman was always one of his
most shining characteristics; receiving a college
education of the strictest classical, mathemati
cal sort, he emerged from It one of the earliest
and remained to the end of his life one of the
ablest advocates of science as a means of the
truest culture; with no thought whatever dur-
Professor Ritter gave a lengthy bio
graphical record of Dr. Le Conte's work
and continued:
The president 'presented Professor Wil
liam E. Ritter. whose address was from
the point of view of the alumni and scien
tific students who had followed Dr.,Le
Conte. Professor Ritter said: I
• We knew while he was still with us that
Joseph Le Conte was a great man. But our
love for him as a human being so occupied ui
as to distract our attention from the grandeur
of his life and work as a whole.
For Alumni and Science Students.
Let this meeting serve to Impress upon us
the life of that member who has gone and
that it Is not bounded by days, not measured
In form, not named, but a life behind common
thincs that takes hold of God and the life im
mortal.
We are met together to-day in order that
we may quicken our minds and hearts to a
recognition of that spiritual university in
which with Joseph Le Conte we have shared
and still share membership. Of such spiritual
membership in a SDirltual body his life here
among ur and his life in the larger world of
letters afforded an example so fully typical
that we cannot let it pass from the present into
the past until we for once bid its image halt
before us. that we may make it and its mean
ing sure possessions of our memories and our
lives. The university of which he was a mem
ber with us we recognize beyond a question
was not an Institution of buildings, or of
courses, or of statutes, and as a member of
It he was much more. Immeasurably much
more* than professor, or geologist, or philoso
pher that his connection with us and his life
among ue shine out as brilliant revelations and
confirmations of our faith that the things
which are lie deep behind the things we touch
and see.
Mrs. Le Conte. the widow, and the son,
Joseph N. Le Conte, who was absent from
the funeral, occupied prominent places at
the exercises.
The services were opened by President
Wheeler, who said:
In all it was a solemn and Inspiring as- 1
semblage. Old and young gave their
presence and voices to attest their love
for the noble character whose life was be
ing honored as his memory was being re
vered.
Interspersed with the stated speeches
were musical numbers, these being a
striking portion of the programme. In ad
dition to the men from the University of
California there came from Stanford Uni
\ersity Professor J. M. Stillman, a former
pupil of Dr. Le Conte, to lay his gift upon
the altar of memory.
Striking Musical Numbers.
It was in beautiful keeping with the
gentle nature of the teacher who had
gone that no attempt should be made at
elaborate display in this, the university's
tribute to his memory. In the large hall
there, ¦was only one outward sign of
mourning. To the right of the speakers"
stand, resting upon an easel, was a por
trait in oil of the departed doctor, a bit
of black crape draping the gold frame.
That was all, but sufficient it was, for
the strong words and magnificent eulogy
from the selected representatives of uni
versity life were the realities of this pub
lic tribute.
That his death only served to indicate
the intense love and admiration his fel
low workers felt for.the eminent scientist
was manifest at this afternoon's gather
ing at Harmon Gymnasium. At the hour
of 3 o'clock, announced for the opening
of the exercises in memoriam, the audi
torium was crowded. Two thousand
students occupied the chairs on the main
floor and 500 more were in the galleries.
Upon the platform were the members of
the faculty in full academic regalia,
gowns, hoods and mortar boards. With
the professors sat some prominent lay
men, notably William R. Davis . and
Horace Davis, who have been actively
identified with the university life.
words from the lips to-day of men
high in the intellectual world, assembled
before the faculty and students of the
University of California in public service
to the memory of the distinguished scholar
and teacher. .
B-™— ERKELET, Aug. 2L— The char
acter, life and work of Professor
Joseph Le Conte were the sub-
jects of earnest and eloquent
Mayor Johnson visited the scene of the
accident early to-day and immediately
upon his return ordered all construction
work on the tunnel stopped until every
safeguard shall be provided for the pro
tection of the men.
James Williams, who lost his life, was
one of the men who heroically entered the
tunnel after the accident of last week at
crib No. 2 in search of victims of that
disaster.
Heavy iron girders and machinery
weighing more than a hundred tons were
forced out of the shaft by the explosion.
The crib was wrecked. Death must have
been Instantaneous to the workmen in the
tunnel, for their comrades above heard no
outcry. So great was the destruction,
wrought by the explosion that it will prob
ably be weeks before the damage can bo
repaired and the bodies of the unfortunate
workmen recovered.
The heavy casing of the shaft was shat
tered and an immense volume of water
from the lake rushed in upon the unfor
tunate workmen at the bottom. Two men.
who were at work on staging at the top
of the shaft, were blown high Into the
air, but alighted on the crib, and beyond
being stunned were not seriously Injured.
The accident occurred early last night,
but nothing was known of it on shore un
til to-day. Thirty men who were on the
crib when the explosion took place spent
the night vainly signaling for assistance.
It was long after daylight before a tug
reached them. It is supposed that the
men digging struck a vein of gas, which
was ignited by a spark made by a work
man's pick.
CLEVELAND. O., Aug. 2L— As the re
sult of an explosion of gas in the new
waterworks tunnel under Lake Erie last
night five more lives were added to the
already long list of casualties recorded
since the work began on the great ar
tificial waterway. The dead are:
RAY TREADSHAW.
JAMES WILLIAMS. , <
DANIEL HIGGINS. ,
JAMES DALLINCOURT.
JOHN BERT.
Crib No. 3, five miles from shore and
two miles beyond crib No. 2, where near
ly a" dozen lives were lost a week ago.
was the scene of the latest accident. The
work of sinking the big intake shaft at
this point was completed yesterday and
five workmen were engaged in digging a
tunnel in the direction of No. 2 crib, when
the explosion occurred.
This afternoon the annual meeting of the
Association of American Law Schools was
-4"held. Seventeen schools were represented.
£.« follows: Boston ITnlversitv Law
School, Buffalo Law School, Cincinnati
Law School, Harvard University Law
School. University of Illinois College of
Law, University of Michigan Department
of Law, University of Minnesota College
of Law, University of Missouri Depart
ment of Law, New York University
School of law. Northwestern University
Law School. St. Louie Law School. Wost
«rn Reserve University Law School, Uni
versity of Wisconsin College of Law, Yale
University Law School. In the absence
of the president, James B. Thayer of Har
vard University, the meeting was presided
over by William P. Rogers of the Indiana
State University.
The following schools were admitted to
membership: Hasting? Law School, Uni
versity of California, University of Colo
rado School of Law. Denver Law School.
Kansas University School of Law, Leland
Stanford University Department of Law.
The committee reported unfavorably
•upon the application of the Chicago Law
School, holding that it does not meet the
requirements of membership. No recom
mendation was made in the case of the
Chicago Kent College of Law and the
convention denied its application to be
<-ome a charter member because the ap
plication was not received in time. It was
recommended that the diploma of a law
school should not carry with it admission
to the bar. The following officers were
elected for the coming year: President.
Henry McClain of Iowa: secretary and
trr-asurer. E. \V. Kuffcut of New York;
members of the executive committee, Si
mon Baldwin of Connecticut. W. P.
Rogers of Indiana, W. S. Curtis of Mis
souri.
Alabama. Joseph J. TVIlletts: Arizona, Ever
fit E. Ellinwood; Arkansas. John Fletcher: Cali
fornia. David I. Wlthington; Colorado. L. W.
Hoyt; Connecticut, L. D. Brew6ter; Delaware.
Anthony Hip-gins; District of Columbia. Henry
K. Davis: Florida, R. W. Williams; Georgia.
P. \V. Xleldrim; Idaho. William W. Woods; Il
linois. T. S. Bond: Indiana. William p. nreen:
Irvra. D. C. Cole; Kansas, John D. Mllllken;
Kentucky. E. T. Trebue; Louisiana. William
Wirt Howe; Maine. Charles F. Llbby; Mary
land. S. A. Williams: Massachusetts. Samuel
C Bennett: Michigan. £>. H. Ball; Minnesota.
Hiram F. Stevens; Mississippi, R. H. Thoxnp-
Fcn: Missouri. James Hagerman; Montana. A.
C Botkin; Nebraska. C. S. Montgomery: New
Hampshire, Joseph W. Fellows: New Jersey.
•1. J. FergrJsor. : New Mexico, T. B. Ca-tron;
New York, J. Newton Fiero: North Carolina,
J. Crawford Biggs: North Dakota. B. F. Spald
5r.g: Ohio. J. M. Sheets; Oklahoma, Henry E.
Asp: Oregon. Charles H. Carey; Pennsylvania,
P. Wolverton: Rhode Island. Amasa M. Eaton:
South Carolina. Charles A. Woods: South Da
kota, C. O. Bailey. Tennessee. E. C. Camp:
Texas. F. C. Dillard; Utah. C. T. Varian: Ver
mont, Elihu B. Taft: Virginia. S. S. P. Patter
son: Washington. C. H. Hanford; West Vir
ginia. W. Van Winkle: Wisconsin. R. M.
Bashford; Wyoming, Charles N. Potter.
The selection of a new general council
was taken up and the following: gentlemen
were chosen:
DENVER, Aug. 21.— The American Bar
Association opened its twenty-fourth an
nual meeting at the Taber Grand Opera
house this morning with a very large at
tendance of members and the opera-house
well filled with visitors.
General Charles F. Manderson of Ne
braska, president of the association last
year, introduced President Edmond Wet
more in a brisf speech. Welcoming ad
dresses were then given by Platt Rogers
for the Colorado Bar Association and
Hugh Butler for the Denver Bar Associa
tion. A brief response was made by Presi
dent Wetmore. after which he delivered
hie annual address. He discussed the more
important legislation cf the several States,
lie .said in part:
The subject of trusts has entered Into the
political issue* that divide parties In the coun
try. Time and experience will doubtless, show
4 he expediency of modifying much of the leg
islation that has been had on this difficult
'.-uhject.
It is a striking fact, however, that while
thirty States of the Union have adopted strln
*mt anti-trust law within the past eleven
years, yet during the same period the amount
or capital and labor employed in the form of
consolidated incorporation to which that name
is usually given, has in those very States stead
liy and even enormously increased, which
would seem to show that without trenching
¦upon rights guaranteed by the constitution of
ell the States the abolition of th«t form of
employment of capital is beyond the reach of
legislative power.
President Discusses the Re
cent Legislation in
States.
Great Flood of "Water Rushes
In on the Imprisoned
Victims.
Explosion in Lake Erie
Ends Lives of Five
Laborers.
American Bar Associa
tion Begins Session
in Denver.
WORKMEN DIE
IN THE TUNNEL
LAWYERS NAME
THEIR COUNCIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.IJ, THURSDAY, AUGUSt 22, 1901.
Dr. Taylor. Reads an Original Poem Entitled "Le Conte and the Yosemite" and Special
Musical Programme of Great Excellence; Including Violin Solo by Holmes and Sing
ing of "LifKJp Thine Eyes" From Mendelssohn's Oratorio of "Elijah" Is Rendered
. ' - t K ¦¦ . - ¦ . ¦ ; ¦ " ¦ . .
Character, Life and Work of Dead ' Scientist Subjects at Memorial Exercises at: Berkeley,
; /Which Are Attended by 2^00 Students and the Full Faculty— On|y Show of
Mourning Is a Bit of Black Crape on the Portrait of the Deceased Professor
IN MEMORY OF LATE BELOVED PROFESSOR LE CONTE
SPEAKERS WEAVE GARLANDS OF TENDER SENTIMENT
9
GEAPE-NUTS.
ffiEEHIEEfBfBBBHBfBHHBBHBHEBi
| U. S. Gov'tf
§ on Foods. |
B. ¦
B ¦
a See be'ow. fj
IB • Jf!
I GRAPE- NUTS g
k Solve the Problem, a
¦ , '. ¦
BmBBBBBBBBBBBHBBflBflBBfl
The United States Government has been
attempting to Instruct the people regard-
ing the purchase of food that would give
the best advantage to the system with the
least expenditure of money. A report has
been made by Professor Atwater, the
famous chemist, and the subject is of
great interest.
This is an age of specialists, and the
work of the food specialist Is of great im-
portance. Persons who do not care to go
into all of the details and statistics can
secure practical results by using. Grape-
Nuts, the breakfast food, which Is prob-
ably the most scientifically made food In
the market. It is made for a purpose and
was originated by a food expert of un-
questioned standing.
The elemental principles contained In
Grape-Nuts are selected for their value in
rebuilding the brain and nerve centers In
the human body. The subject Is worth
BWr brain worker's attention. The Food is
ruJJy cooked at the factory and is ready
for Instant service. •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^; AUGUST 22; 1901.
10
SAW FRAJSCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS ' OFFICE of The San ' Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; "open
txntll 12 o'clock every nljrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery Btreet.
ccraer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street • open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open 'until 9:80 p. m.
$15 Larkln street;, open until 9:30 p. m.
1J"II Misrion street: open until 19 p. m.
2T61 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
tir.til 9 p. m. -
10-i Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. -
lC9b Valencia street: open until 9 p. tc.
Ncrthw-st corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmor* rtrpet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
MISSION Chapter Xo. 79, R. A. M.— Spe- « ,
cial meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING 7:30 o'clock. M. M. degree. JLJK
By order of the H. P. V"- »i
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Jlupust 22, at 7:30 o'clock. JILJZ
Third degree. By order of the Master. ' "
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- _J%_
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Second 7C2f
degree. * Fellowcraft Masons cordially ' »
Invited. \By order of the W. M.
Frederick barry. secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. jk
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS jB\^
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 %jf
o'clock for third degree. All Master ' >
Masons are invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— "•
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) *V
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- }|V
eree. By order of the Senior Warden. ' '
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club » Wy
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 2k, &OJ
ING. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell tiKXgjs
f=t.. at 8 o'clock. "Smoker" fol- **=**•*
lows. GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mi«-
fion 6t.. San Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY.
Aurust 23. 19CL at 8 o'clock p. m.. for the
election of directors for the ensuing term,
¦nd also to consider an amendment to the by-
lairs reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bonks will close Tuesday. Au-rust 20. at 4
o'clock p. m. ny order of the board of di-
rectors- M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
MERCEDES Oil & Development Co.. San Fran-
r-lsco. Cal.— A special meeting of the stock-
holders of this company will be held at the
nffice of the president. 406 Sutter Ft. on Fri-
day, Aug. 23. 1901. at 8 o'clock p. m. By
order of the board of directors.
J. C. H. EDWARDS. Secretary.
A.GE3TFS IVAXTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to -sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bide.
ASPHALTU3I ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofinr. sidewalks re-
palred: portal. 1136 Mission: tel. Fclsom 1607.
ATTORXKYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;dlvorces privateibankruptcy; col-
lections attachments: mortgagres; bills of sale;
partnerships :d»^ds: -wills drawn ;fees low ;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008^ Mkt. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee Trfthout success; collections. G. W. .
HOWE, atty at law. S50 "Marketcor.Stockton.
LEW 3. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy. estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADl'ICE free: no char-re- unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket -st.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOOKS IVEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7Q6-70S3Ilssion st
noAitni\T. iron children.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth- !
er's car*: $10 ua: sunny yard": 1607 California j
¦ . ii j
\ BUSINESS CHANCES. j
A— $400; CORNER -grocery and bar with ~Uv- j
LODGIAT. HOUSES. FOR SALE— Con.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ¦ "^ "' - -"'""'"'"
S50 Market st and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to cell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. ' See list of bargains.-
65 r.; rent $350; cor.; fine loc. & trans. .$4000
46 r.; rent $175; cor.; good loc., fur., carp 5000
84 r.; rent $200; cor.; fine board 3500
26 r.; rent $115; cor.; clears $100....:.......' 1600
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
15 r.; rent $65; cor. Van Ness; boarders.. 1200
10 r. ; rent $28; fur.; piand; must sell 650
3 to 12 rms. flats; elegant; $150 to 1500
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying. .
BOSTON Agency, 1016 Market St., opp. Fifth-
It will pay buyers' to call and investigate our
business chances for this week. A 30-rcom
house, rent $25; 56-room house, good location;
22-room house, rent $25; 11-room house, a
great bargain; 15-room house, located on
Market st, rent $30, must be sold, party go-
Ing East, good chance; grocery and bar, low
rent; good chances In cigar and candy stores;
' Becond-hand furniture store, good location,
low rent stock I represents its value, price
$1300. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market St., opp.
Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
See these samples from big list at my office:
60-room hotel: clears $375 a month.. $6500
8 rooms; rent $25; clears $25 each, month 325
22 rooms; crowded with nice families;
almost no work; only $60 rent 1400
14 rms.; rent JS45; Income $82 from 6 rms.
50 rms. ; cor. apartment house; clears $145 2500
44 rms.; sunny; quiet; f urn.,^carpets Al:
rent only $120; house clears $150 month 3000
ATTENTION, buyers— Come in and see our list
of fine paying lodging-houses for sale or ex-
change before buying:
43 rooms; rent $125 '. $2350
10 rooms; only '. 400
17 rooms; $300 cash, balance -payments... 1100
14 rooms 650
A, H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
v ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house in ¦
the city and pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house. •
Vacant houses furnished.
' DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
FISHER &'CO.. 335 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000 37 R $5500 24 R $1800
CO R 3.000 37 R..... 1800 19 R..... 1400
30 R 1.0P0 -16 R 550 12 R 450
10 R 300 9 R..... 300 6 R 300
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
32 rooms; rent $45; reduced to $1250
27 rooms; corner; rent $75 : 1500
123 rooms; a money-maker: see it.
63 rooms; modern; Just listed.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 191L
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
1100— A LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms for sale.
1620 Polk Et. : call afternoons.
SPIRITOALISM.
FREE tests to ladles every morning the bal-
ance of this month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted fnr.
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and medlumls-
tls talents developed In others under writ-
ten guarantee in 90 days or no charge: it
costs not one cent to test my ability and
your talents: call to-day. FRANKLIN*. 363
Geary st. : -
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
pive names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin st.
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham. spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1C35 "Market st. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st : Ellis car.
BROCKWAY'S positive proof test seance to-
night. 25c; every one receives a test: full
names given; questions answered. 299 Hyde.
CHAS. BROCKWAT. 25c seance Sun.. Tuef=.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m.: every one gets a test: prl-
, vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st. cor. Eddy.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 6C3*McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer: sittings dally, 2
to 5 p. m.: $1. 603 California st.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m. : Wed.. 2:30 p. m.: 10c; read, dally. 50c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Tolk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mevpr: sitt'r.cs dally*: test to all tn-nlght. 10c
cEairvoyants.
PEJfTISTS— » Contl-niied. '¦'¦}_
DR. .A. C. - KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties. Town and bridge work and • the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist; . third floor, Ex-
- amlner building; formerly in Murphy. bldg:. '
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOJI— "Painless" ; : evenings and Sun-
days. ' 1001 Market st." corner Sixth.' V •
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. '*
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st -
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handtes~ainegit>
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms ' 323-324. San Francisco: tel. South' 381.-.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas3 rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ¦
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt-
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL* FOREMEN. ¦ •"" " '"."~
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. CA A. building; more courses of study
than any other nisht school. In the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or <--pply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.; opening night, Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; departments — Art. business, civil service,
, elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA.- educational director. •
ATRES 1 Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spellln-r. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing ar-d bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallaeher. expert court reporter, teacher of
_ shorthand: reportorla! phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, '$.">0; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jnrdan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rolt bldg.: individual Instruction: catalogue..
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day, eve.; v est. 1S64. Van
* der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical ae-ency securing po-
, sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, fleures; the one man who per-
fects boelnner-?. collepe crflduates & bookkeep-'
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand coats o-nlv $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st .
Chicago Business CoHece. 1 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep, $6. mo.
SPANISH Ippsons by competent old Castilian
teacher. PROF. MAYA. 210 Eddy st.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, miltar
lessons. EOc; piano for practice. 39rFifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile class. 1008 Ml«slon.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, erammar, wrltinu.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
JAPANESE and Chinese help~of^^n~kiT>ds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush. 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds beet
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.'
JAPANESE Intelligence Office-Furnish most
reliable help. 524 .Bush et,; teL Bush E1B.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Emplnvment Of-
fice: all kinds heln. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
:;"¦'¦••¦'; ;*]'¦.:;/;¦ FLATS" TO LKT^ ::-/.'.¦.-¦ ¦
FOURTEENTH ave. and N St., South San
Francisco— Elegant flat. 6; rooms and .bath;
¦ latest/improvements. . • ' .' '"'¦' '•¦.' ; .'•¦•'-
COLE. 769-771, bet. Beulab and Frederick stf.—
. Fine ' rew sunny fists, 7 rooms . and . bath;
¦ rent reasonable. ;..- ;¦«¦-.¦'• . ,- ¦ •• •
$25— SUNNY 'flat of 6 rooms and bath. Corner
! Market and Laguna sts. V ' -": ¦
FURNISHED ! or unfurnished house and flat;
rent reasonable. J . 512 Forty-sixth ave.
SAN JOSE aye., 141, near Twenty-fourth st—
'Nice modern sunny flat," 5 rooms and bath*, $1S.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519^—4 rooms and, bath,
gas;. clean flat, quiet neighborhood; rent $15.
WILLIAMS. 117. near Post— Flat of 4 rooms
anil bath. Apply 729 Ellis 6t. » '—. -
HANDSOMELY furnished flat desirable, part
California st Box 4752, Call office. ¦ ¦-.'¦ :
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement: reasonable to good tenants.
PDRNITURBrFOR^SALE. "; "
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $43 50. with No I
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A BARGAIN— 6 rooms, all rented; 2 rooms pay
rent; j water; free; corner flat. 874 Howard. 1 .
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for sale; reason-
able. ' Apply 1150 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise- etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. '*>.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ¦ ave. :'.' tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
BEFORE selling your, furinture. see Abram's
Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture. \ car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market
A.-WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red. 1354.
. GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price,'
warranted : kept Jn repair. 121 Grant ave.
HKL1* , WANTED— FEMALE. -
A^T'rTha^SEN 0 & ;' CO/S^ . .104 Geary st.
'....: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
EO waitresses, "City and country ;.$20-$25-
Man and wife, waiter and waitress $10-$50
Chambermaid, city .; ......$17 50
Waltre-is; institution $25
Dinner waitress ..: $2 50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second (for September), 3 in fam-
ily., grown, $35 and $25; working housekeeper
for small family, country, . $15 ; second girl.
Santa Cruz. $25; woman with a; child: $15;
housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls,' cooks....
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary st.
A— 5 EXTRA' waitresses, -country, free , fare,
$1 50 day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MRS. M. >E. DAY & CO. ..Phone Main 1575
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Head waitress, $23; 3 waitresses, Salt Lake
; City; 9 waitresses, different first-class com-
mercial hotels. $20 and $25: 6 waitresses, city ; y
2 restaurant waitresses, $7 week; 4 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; fancy ironer, country, ?J
wee k ......'
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
•2 cooks, $35 and $40; cook, American family,
.country, fare paid, $30, no washing or house-
work, see lady here; 3 second girls, $20; cook
• and houseglrl. city and country, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ..335 Geary at. ,
A — NEAT, young saleslady, no experfence neces-
sary. $7 week to begin. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO./ 335 Geary st. .'..'¦-, ¦
WANTED— Cook, 3 in family, rio»wash. $30; 2
laundresses, $25 _ and $30, private family; 3
second girls, $25; 5 cooks. German style. $25-
$30; 2 housekeepers, $15-?20; 3 cooks, American
families. $25; housework, Palo Alto. $25; Hay-
wards, $25; San Rafael,, $25; Colusa, $26;
Oakland, $25; Los. Gatos, $25: Alameda. $25;
San Jose. $25; 4 nurseglrls, $15-$20; nurse and
second Eirl, $25; German nurse, $25; a large
number of housegirls, $20, $25, $30, city and
country.-" J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
WANTED — Chambermaid (German); good place;
.must have experience; $25 month and found.
HARBRIDGE & CO., 323 Kearny st
WANTED— An experienced cook and laundress,
small family; wages $25; references. Call at
•1710 Everett St.. Alameda, F. E. MASON.
Take broad gauge to Park-st. station. .
EXPERIENCED vest finishers' wanted. .¦ Ap-
ply at factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary et. - - . ,
WANTED — A grlrl for cooking and general
housework. Apply between the hours of 9
;.il jjELjFV W ANTED— M **£%—¦ ¦jjjg^.j . '
MURRAY & RE ADy7!vTT.T. . .7]634^636^Clay st.
* ...... — ....".:. Phone Main 5848.."..........:....
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
- ..'......:... ....Office Open 7 a. m.. r..... .;.....:
......SHIP RAILROAD MEN -TO-DAY
150 teamsters and laborers for Cal. N.W.R.R.
Free . Fare........ ..UKIAH.......... Free Fare
......SANTA FE RAILROAD
75 men to ¦ work on the Santa Fe system,
Stockton, Fresno districts,' no experience re-
¦ quired. Free Fare. .'...-. .Wages $V75, $2 25
GOLD/............. MINES .SILVER
10 single-hand miners for ' a ¦ new ( mine,
north. .'...;....' .-. . . .'. ..-..".....'.:.. . . .-. . . .$75
3 miners, $55 and found; 15 quarrymen, ' $60:
8 muckers. , quartz mine, . $60 and found; . 10
laborers, no experience, $75; 25" laborers, nejv
mine, surface work, no . experience required,
$45 and $48 and found; 15 drillers, $75; lOitun-
-$90; 18 laborers, company work, re-
duced fare, north ; furnace man for mine,
married. or single, $65 and house........
••••"•• LABORERS........ ....
5 laborers, . brickyard, fare *60c, $30 and found;
15 laborers, near city, free fare, $3 day and
found; 75 laborers, sawmills and woods; 10
laborers, Trinity County; 8 laborers, Shasta
County; 5 laborers. Merced County; 25,' Sac-
• ramento County ;..;...
' ..FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC
50 -farmers, steady Jobs,-, fruit and ether
ranches; ?26 to $35 and' found; 15 orchard,
. fruit and packing-house hands; 27 choremen
and boys, $15 to $30 and found: man to run
. hop^ baling gang, $40 and found; 5 men for
hop yards, -$30 and found; 10 milkers, $30
'and $35; 3 butter-makers: hay balers..........
.....'....... MECHANICAL HELP
¦ Blacksmith. -railroad camp, Ukiah.. Free Fare
Carriage painter, •' $3,50 day; I band sawyer,
'country; • 5 blacksmiths; 2 helpers; horse-
shoer's helper. $2 50 day.............
-¦ --..: ;.;.... MISCELLANEOUS .:
Assistant bookkeeper and stenographer, coun-
try store; working foreman, ranch, $50 and
: found ; night watchman, country . hotel ; man
to drive; milkers, country; 5 stablemen; 2
. marine firemen; 5 woodchoppers for; mine
. company, long Job; 10 teamsters, : Amador
County, $2 25 day; 25 teamsters, ranch work,
$30 to $33 and found ...*...>.
V ........BAKERS. HOTEL HELP. ETC........
First and -second bakers, same country shop.
.$85 and found;' baker for mine company, $45;
third hand on cakes, city; fifth hand on
bread, city; third hand on bread, city; sec-
ond hand, country shop, $35.-... — ... — ......
•Chief cook." country. $60; 4 cooks, country ho-
tels, $35 'to $45; second cook, mine boarding-
house. $40 and found;' second 'cook, sawmill
company, $50; 14 ranch - and camp cooks; 15
waiters, city and country i hotels, $30. $35:
sausage-maker and butcher, country shop. $35
. and found; 2 dishwashers.' Truckee' sawmill.
$30 and found; 25 kitchen hands, dishwashers
and others. — .........L/.'...:. .......
.MURRAY & READY..... 834-636 Clay st.
A— STENOGRAPHER, assistant bookkeeper:
country merchandise store. . . .'. .'
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ....104 Geary St.
1000 men for Cal. and N. W. Ry ;
100 teamsters ¦. : .......?2
100 laborers ..'. .......'. i"
50 "laborers, steel gang.... .......$1 75 to $2
-... For Ukiah:. '. Free Fare.
j For Ukiah. ...Free Fare
...............For Ukiah........ Free Fare
".....:.... SHIP DAILY
100 drillers, muckers, tunnelmen and laborers
¦for big railroad tunnel at Chatsworth Park
....'.; ". $2 to . $3 a day
: 50 masons' helpers and laborers for Truckee
'. $2 to $2 23 a day
50 laborers for section work on Santa Fe
. system ....,....' ' .......$1 75 a day
'Free fare to all the above places; ship daily.'
10 laborers, short distance in the country!
$80 to $90 and found, free fare, see boss here.
J10 lumber pliers, $2 a day; 2 crpsscut sawyers,
$2 50 a day; logwayman, $2 a day, for saw-
mlll, ; Sar.ta Cruz County; 3 blacksmiths, »2 50
•to $3 50 a day; harness maker, $2 a day; up-,.
'holsterer. country hotel, $2 a day and found;
.10 farmers and milkers. $30 and $25".
" HOTEL DEPARTMENT
' Head cook, country hotel, $65, see party here;
steward, country hctel." $75; second cook and
broiler, country hotel. $75 and $60, fare ad-
vanced; baker, counfm*. $45; 6 waiters, country
hotels. $30 and $25; .dn»h washers and kitchen
hands, $30 and $25; middle-aged night clerk,
country hotel, $25; laundryman, country hotel,
$35; janitor. for store, $40; bartender, city, $10
a week
4 laborers, country. ?69 month and found, see
. boss here .V.....r
' C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 1W. Geary st.
AT the CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. *
. 59 Third St.. near Call bldg-. Phone Bush 405.
Railroad Laborers \.
FREE FARE
50 railroad laborers Ukiah $2 per day
50 axmen and teamsters.. Ukiah $2 per day
¦ Free fare to Bakersfield and Fresno divisions
i....".5O shovelers for the Santa Fe Railroad
' ..Reduced rates to Shasta and Trinity Cos..
10 tunnelmen .$3 per day
10 hammersmen $2 50 per.day
20 laborers .'....... $2 23 per day
Sheepherder $25 per month and found
Sawmill blacksmith.. $75 per month and found
. Man and wife, private place, see boss here.
8 CARPENTERS, good at shingling. Apply
r 412 O'Farrell st; or Ross Valley. ISAAC
.--PENNY. .¦-.' . - ' . '¦.¦ '
FIRST-CLASS bushelman; - steady work.
JACOBI BROS. CO.. 3C7 Bush st.
BOY to be useful in store; hard work; state
experience; salary $5 week. Box 4924, Srfll.
ERRAND boy; recommended by parents. VAL-
ENTINE,' 347 Bush st.
WANTED-rCooks, waiters," pantrymen, dish-
washers and kitchen help; no fee. 127 Mason.
BOY to feed printing press. 306 California st
WANTED — Retail druggist, competent and re-'
liable; permanent position. ..Box 4668. Call.
BOY wanted at G. M. KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission
street; : -
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 315 Grant ave.
A PRIVATE secretary; little bookkeeping;
general usefulness: good home: small wages:
short distance froy city. Box 4944. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced packer for crockery
house; only sober industrious man need apply.
Address box 4885. Call office. . ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Jewelers. 32S Bush st. 3d floor,
room 4. . ' . . - ¦ ' ' . •¦ • \ -
WANTED— Carriage woodworker and painter.
217 Ellis sf , ._ I
YOUNG man or boy to learn barber trade. 793
Geary st. ¦ ' ¦
BOY who has worked in blacksmith shop. Ap-
ply 1800 Folsom st ___^
WANTED^-Men and 1 boys. Apply American
: Can Company, Seventh and Townsend sts.
STEADY young man with some cash; $30 per
month and board : no experience. 496 Fourth.
"WANTED— A shoemaker- for repairing; steady
Job. _W. GREENBAUM, 345 Third st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second
"hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 341 Third st.
MEN. to learn barber trade: 'positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved: examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated: • wages while learning: more
: calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or. write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
. S. navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
' less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: -able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno ' House ¦ proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIs]
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,'
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 llontgom-
ery st.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. < MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st
GET ycur shoes half-soled while waiting; 25-j
to EOc. 563 Mission gt. bet. 1st and 2d stj.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
,¦ Folsom • st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and ?d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Thh-d st., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore ft.
HORSES AXD WAGO?S.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth «t. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED — A business horse and buggy; will
feed well and pay reasonable price for use
of same for two or three months. Box 4937.
Call office.
NEW panel body delivery wagon; 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe wagon; 1 grocery wagon cheap.
828 Harrison st.
A'BARGAT-N in cood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS- Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
¦. MISCELIiAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. mT
• INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t-
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and no-'
• ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock o*
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021 1023
. Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogua.
Graphophones. Phonographs, Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. en~
gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
fete. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pl n «.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes, cheat)
H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
2ND-HAND COUPE for sale cheap: good con-
ditlon. Hambletonian stables. 36 Hawthorne.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap: 1 4-horse
p. Colle, 1 2%-h. p. Hercules; at 90S Kearny.
TWO fresh milk cows for sale, cheap; fine
milkers. 3028 San Bruno ave.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission at.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry; cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bou-rht. fold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machin-
ery. - J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel—
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BUTXAPD X- RPTTPtC 131 Po«> nt.
MISCELLAXEOl'S YVAXTS.
WANTED — Second-hand moving picture ma-
chine; also phonograph. Box 4S63, Call office.
TILTON wants eood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154. *>th «t. : ti»l. Fnimm ;?:>¦».
MONEY TO LOA.V. ~^
a a^m^lXtta^loa^^ompany;
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024.. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bld«r.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
.'. R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 6C3 Examiner bldg.
ANY •¦proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mir-lnst
interests: corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry. .
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: teL Black &471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.: phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
Advances life insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers" salaries: accounts of bank book*
In liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
in the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Krny.
A— $3T,Q; DELICACY store - and • branch bakery
¦with 3 furnlehed room?; rent $18; location
first -class; owner accepted State position.
Call on R. G. WILKIE, 26% Kearny st.
A— J700; CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
irus rooms on O'Farrell st; rent $"JB: good
¦bu«-in«-«: owner to leave city. R. G. WILICE.
2C% Kearny Et.
A— S450; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; 2
blocks from comer Market and Stockton sts. ;
rent $30; must «>11 at once; owner to leave
for Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. T6«£ Kearny.
A— 1250; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least SuJO per month: rent
$15: oome. see and satisfy yourself. R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— «508: -COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st: daily receipts from
ISO up; clearing about $400 per month: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—Wmiz FIRST-CLASS In prices and flrst-cla-«s
paying rertaurant close to Chronicle build-
inir; come, investigate and you will find a
fplenilid investment Call R. G. WILKE
26U Kearny -st
J3<*>— PARTNER wanted: light business f'murt
be steady, reliable man: satisfied with $18
to $25 a week: no experience required: trial
given before buying. 25 Geary st, room L
CIGAR store, fine location, could not be bet-
tw; fixtures up-to-date; -will sell for less
than lt« value on accdunt sickness. Business
*?oard Trade. 326 Pine st.
CIGAR stand in one of the bert locations in
the city: "r-151 Invoice stock if sold to-day.
Apply CHAS. MATTHEAS & CO.. 1430 Mar-
ket st
J2r.n_PARTXER wanted: great chanc*- in a
paring office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market.
FOR sale— BiarkFi-nithin* business, at Invoice:
pood paying bueln<-«s In one of the bept
towns in the State; owner compelled to look
after other interests. Box 4949. Call office.
$450: RESTAURANT and oyster house;- must
cell; going East; central. Box 4868. Call.
J7«0— OPTICAL business; fine location: advan-
tagcous for physician. Box 4951, Call office.
FINE speculation: 23-room house; 1 block north
of M.irket: only $300. Box 493L Call of flee.
IVAN'Tro — An honest and sober partner with
JSr.OO in an optical business: murt either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding. «>tc: cash receipts about $1500 to
S2WW per month. Address GEORGE- MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071% Mar-
k«»t ft., San Francisco.
FOn ffal»— At invoice price, the merchandise
?"tore of CNOPIUS & CO.. Fanta Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one
¦ nt HeaiasburiEr. as a whole or each store sep-
arate: disap-recment among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa.
NOTICE TO ACTIVE MEN-A -rents wanted at
once 1n all parts of California. Washinirton
sn<1 Oregon to handle a large body of cheap
land; quirk action: good commission. For
full particulars address box 4764. Call office.
EUTTER and ege route for sale; paying JIM
per month over expenses: a snap for man with
rn-iall capital: -noor health cause. GAMMILL
& MOCK. 906 Market st
TO lease— A 43-room lodging-house in Marys-
ville; a pavir-r business at present: nice loca-
tlon. F. S. CARR. box £5. Redding. Cal.
A - oor !P lnside rout e on this paper for sale:
fine downtown location. Call at this office
for particular*.
FOR sale— A STood payine restaurant Apply
210 Towmrad St.. bet. Third and FourthT
FOR sale— 40-can milk route and depot; wagon*
2 horses. Box 4923. Call office.
SNAP— Restaurant; water front: new range -
. running order; rent flS mo. 8 Washington st
ILLUSTRATOR wants partner to establish an
advertising agency. Box S95S. Call office.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale
A«-Mr~~ P. T. Call Agent Santa Cruz. CaL
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMING houses, from 2 to 500 rooms.
14 rooms; on Market st J?.... $300
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooras; flat near City Hall 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 650
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 523
16 rooms; offices; clears JSO 1400
14 rooms; $100 cash, balance payments.... 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 900
24 rooms; on Market; clears J150 ...:. 1000
15 rooms: corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Maron et; new ? . 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms: JCOO cash, balance payments... 1230
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
H. C DECKER. MffO "Market; tel. Mint 796.
$1100—15 IIOOME: EIHe: close in. , - "
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears 5200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— t-j-oom flat: grand furniture; rent $25.
tllOO— 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55. ' '
S650 — % rooms; now being furnished.
t?500— 70 rooms;, Ellis; rare opportunity. ¦
TP* loan tnoney on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market st
MME M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS >¦*<;
; Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
I penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
; ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
: happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
i tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
: medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
¦ 2oc up: perfect satisf action guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.,% corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
¦with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT."
• HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful c'alrvoyart on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk st.: readings by mail.
1 MME. MONTAGUE; '
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; hnnest pre-
dictions In love affairs: reunites separated,
nr,t one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, born with double veil— second sight;
I diagncses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
I pents $1; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 125 Turk.
, KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
| oglcal nalmiFt. reader human destiny: never
fails; 25c and 50c; by mail. 50c. 1203 Mission.
: ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoj-ant and
j palmist. perman"ntly located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readtn«rs dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
! MME. LAROSE. best clalrvovant card reader.
[' German spoken :25c up. 777'XMarket St.. room 18
: Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader: when oth-
; ers fail consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 1538 Market.
¦ M. "WILLE. crystal Be^r. clairvoyant, medium;
i sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 50c 326A Ellis.
¦ MME. LTD IE LINO MAY. psychic and Fcien"
j tlfic palmist; ladles 50c. -gentfi II. 128 Turk.
j MME. AUGUST. cJa irvoyant, card reader and
! palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
: MME. SCHAFFKR. clairvoyant, card render;
, f-ittincrs daily. 44?Vi Jessie Et.. bet. 5th and 6th.
; MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
; ai-ivlce: names given: 25c un. 5 Fourth st.
| CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING;
; WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
; send to SPAULDING'S p'.oneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
i CARPETS beaten. 3c per yard. STRATTOnT~3
! Eighth Et. , Jessie. S44.
: ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter St.;
; tel. 'Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
i BEATING. 3c: laying. 3c: renovating. 5c up;
| work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
• RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
-, reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
; CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
'¦ 333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
; CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, o! 51
; STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sthst; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
j vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth fit. : tel. Mission 74.
j CHIROPODISTS.
! BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, wrrts; pain-
less cure: guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
FROF.Strassburger fromN.Y.. specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. : Chronicle blg..rrm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. '. 927 Market st
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINSr^^M^aricet^street
Emma' Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for-pa!nless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 SO;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, 55 up; a good metal plate $15;
geld and porcelain crowns $5 to. $10; teeth
without plate; painless. extraction. ; :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
N -without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 50 up:. plates, extractions free. J4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.'
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
| and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
j wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady" attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.. 20 O'Farrell St./-.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $5; full eet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 1 24 Sixth
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Edd, st.— Work done
on; weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Paln-
lcss axtraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors," 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full ect of teetb, $4; crowns,' $3; fillings, 25c.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wlshe3 to do
light housework: competent cook; -clty"~or
country. 136 Fifth st., between Howard and
Mission. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work by the day
washing. Ironing and housecleanlng: $1 a
day and car fare. MRS. SIEBOLD, 870 Fol-
som St.
RELIABLE Swedish girl wishes position gen-
eral housework in family; take Castro-st.
car. 349 Alvarado st.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day; $1 50;
will take work home; perfect fit guaranteed.
Address 238 Ellis st. - -. , .
YOUNG lady wishes a position as companion
to travel East or abroad. Address box 4870,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework and- cooking; city or
country. 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.
STRONG American woman wants work, office
or housecleaning; good references. Box 4923,
Call office. i .
EXPERIENCED woman wishes house-cleaning
for Fridays and Saturdays ; call for • 2 days.
410 Franklin St. .
NURSE for one child and assist in upstairs
work; city references. 1251% Mission st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as stenographer
and typewriter. Address box 4871, Cali office.
GIRL wishes situation to do general housework.
309 Turk st.
A WOMAN would like to wash handkerchiefs
and napkins at 10c a dozen: will call for them
and also deliver, them. Box 4922, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wishes situation
in private house; wages $33 to $40. 416*4 Na-
toma st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing.- ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad->
dress 148 Sixth st., room 22.';
JAPANESE girl, honest, faithful, wishes siU
uation at housework or plain cooking In fam-
ily. Box 4917, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. ,44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free "b.ua
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 F'.llmore St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTE D — MALE.
YOUNG married man who has held responsible
positions for 14 years would like to secure a
position where good, active man can be ap-
preciated; Al recommendations. Box 4926
Call office. -
MIDDLE-AGED German .wants a position as
gardener on private place; also understands
care of horses, cows, and chickens; references-
Box 4950, Call office.
CONTRACTOR'S experienced " clerk and time-
keeper, seeks employment; railroad, quarry
or city work. Address box 4S67, Call office.
A GERMAN wishes situation in winery; un-
derstands coopering; has no objection to the
country. Address J. WHITE, 861 Market.
AN experienced grocery and delivery clerk
wishes position; well acquainted in city; ref-
erence. Box 4928, Call office.
BARBER, 2 years' experience, wants work
with good man. Box 4927, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man of good habits wants a
position in wholesale house; grocery and
wine company preferred; good references. Box
4936 Call office. «
WANTED— Position in shlpchandlery ¦ and
commission business: nine. years' experience
Address Box 4934, .Call office.
TWO young Filipinos, 18 years of age. desire
situations together as waiters or dishwashers
In country hotel. 405 Buchanan st. —^ _ ••; j
POSITION wanted by man 37; strong; active";
.in wholesale house. Box 4S86, Call office.
JAPANESE, nice,' good cook. . wants ' position
cooking and .housework: best references; 3 I
years last place. Box 4661, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook and - baker '
.wants situation; hotel, . boarding-house or_prl- '
vate family: first-class in every respect. 'Ad-
dress E. MORIMOTO, ¦ 923 Sacramento st. '—
A BRAN.CH office for Call -advertisements -and
subscriptions - has been . established at -. 1098
Vnlenela rt. ¦ '•"¦- ¦ .-¦ ¦ \
RENOVATED. *
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia:tel.Capp 2687.
~~ ~~ r financial.;- •;•--••; -¦-¦¦•¦•:-.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting , Co. (inc.J-^Wo
. have 42; offices in operation;; new method of
. placing- stocks and bonds; : companies Ineor-;
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
¦or address. main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. >;' ¦
WOULD like to meet private party willing to-
loan money; small amounts; short time; good
interest. Box 4834. \ Call ¦ of flee. •
and 12 at 2422 Clay st
WANTED— Experienced lace saleslady; state
_ age. experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4952. Call office. .' ' -;
EXPERIENCED operators on ladieB' under-
skirts; steady work; good pay. A. AARON,
' 579 Mission st. ! ,
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to "right par-
ty. F. room 412. Parrott building.
COMPETENT waitress j and second girl ; must
be good seamstress. Call between 1 . and 5
p. m. at 2217 Buchanan st. ;. car fare paid.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework; no chil-
dren. Apply 1274 Eddy st.
GERMAN girl for- plain cooking for Western
Addition. Apply in store. 130 Sixth- st.
WANTED— Girl to do light . housework; no
washing. '. 3S21 Army st.
GIRL wanted for light housework. Apply. 13S9
OTarrell ¦ St.. ' . .
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 11S1
Market st. - ¦
APPRENTICES -wanted in millinery store at
692 McAllister St.; first-class teaching.
APPRENTICE 16 years for gloves; paid while
learning. Carson Glove Company, 35 Market.
WANTED— Experienced dressmaker. 528 Sutter
St., room 3. . -./
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid. 710
Polk St., between Eddy and Ellis. :-
YOUNG girl general housework; sleep 'home;
colored preferred. 131A O'Farrell st.
WANTED immediately, i women and, girls . to
work on fruit ; steady work ; ' highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., . 425 Bran-
nan st. . ¦ . •
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.; 425 Brannan St..
WOMEN i and girls to work . on \ fruit; both
piece and day work: steady, clean work ail
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.\
• CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
VTOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
¦ steady work at good wages. , Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit • Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— Young' woman, , German. Italian or
- Swedish, to do general housework, assist in
kitchen and washing for small family; wages
$15 per month. Address J. SLADKY, Moun-
taln View. Cal. ..¦,.,. -.
WANTED at once— Woman who is bright and
drosses neatly to 'travel for wholesale house.
Box 4946, Call. -. • • * v - ' - •- '-
APPRENTICES on gents' neckwear. H. M.
HEINEMAN. 1C9 Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoresa on custom /coats to
make buttonholes. 631"^ Stevenson : st.
AMATEUR sinners wanted. Apply at-Chutes
at 6 o'clock, this evening. • ¦¦ ' "" ' "
A GIRL for housework; small family; a flat:
wages $15. Apply, 1554 Grove. ' - '
GIRL' for light housework; small family. • Ap-
r-ly. 503 Lyon «t. -.,'.- . ¦ .
WANTED— German Protestant girl for general
housework; wages $20; 3 in family. . Call in
the morning. 2517 Octavla st. - . .* .
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure. Ap-
ply at the Emporium hair department
GOOD, reliable middle-aged woman to do light
housework. £40 Bay-gt. * ¦ '¦'¦¦¦/>¦
WANTED — A finisher i on vests: first-class
work; wages $9 60.. Apply 461 Jessie.. st. ¦¦-•
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alU. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 41Q--Mlsslori st. ¦
WANTEDr-First-class I tailoresa on j pants. I 211
Tehama * st, upstairs. ;.. • ;. ; ..-..'- •
WANTED-Girl in; candy store.' ' 949 Fill-
. more st. ' , . . — '. .', . J.
GIRL with experience ¦ for bakery, to attend
store; wages , $20.'-". Call 992 .Valencia st.c^;^;-.
GIRL' for general housework; plain cooking; -
¦^ small family; wages $15." ¦> 1401A . Scott et.., .
EXPERIENCED -waist - hands;. Rood pay.
JUDA BROS.. ¦ 109 Battery st. -• ¦•¦¦>>¦— »^Mgf
WANTED— Women for - light work on fruit.
, 1731-^Folsom st.. ' :: .'¦."¦;¦.: '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
at Call i branch * office.', 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. Fubscrlntlons • has ' been ;, established at 1098
Valencia- at..'-' ,"!¦'. ¦¦-.-¦';-.'¦¦ ¦ ¦ "¦'.
HELP " WANTED— -MALE.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
• constructed for ¦ the Sweepstake ¦ Mining Co.
¦ ' near . Weavervllle. " Trinity Co.." CaL ; apply, on
. '. work ;.".' steady • work, ¦• good board < and,- best
: wages ' in 1 State. „•, San Francisco Construction
. Co. ,:26 Montgomery, st. • room 25. San Fran-
-' Cisco, *. CaL-£.';"; ;-'v--*; •.; " : vv T. •"¦.•', ¦ ¦ -.¦¦'¦'¦
S-ti) per month and found — :
2 waiters, hotel, city $30 and found
HOTEL cook, country.. $SQ; cook, private fam-
ily hotel.-* 349 to $50; : , cook, ¦ small boarding-
house, J30; second cooK*for steamer, $35; por-
ter, $25 and found ;; waiter for steamer, $20;
- 2 waiters for laborersJi$30 and found : hetel
waiter for country. $35;~flfth hand baker ou
bread, $25 and found; barkeeper, $10 week.'
and. others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sac-
ramento st. > <*¦<;
FRUIT farmer and wife, $40: farmer and wife
for Southern California, $50; choremen; gar-
dener, $30 and , f onnd : farmers, $1 day and
found; feamsters, $1 25 and board and $4 day;
teamsters;' laborers: 2 bricklayers, $5 day; 4
trough carpenters, $3 50 day. and others. J.
F. CROSETT. & CO.. .628 Sacramento st.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S, 323 Kearny St.—
Hop pickers; free cnmpln--; ground, wood and
¦ water; good pay and long season; call' and
register at once if you wish to go
150 teamsters $2 CO
50 graders $1 75
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. S27 Market st... room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.; -•"
CERTIFICATES— Adeline Cope-
\ land, notary public, will issue affidavits and
) obtain certificates for barbers at room 2S,
¦ Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
daily during the absence of the State Board
of Barber Examiners. * • ,'¦
• -ZZZ j
¦• : — ¦ • ¦ >v -
WANTED-STEADY. ABLE-BODIED MEN
TO HANDLE 'COAL AT _GOQD WAGES;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT TO GOOD WORK-
MEN. 'APPLY TO THE PACIFIC COAST
COMPANY. BEALE-ST. COAL BUNKERS.
CARPENTERS and Pile Drivers Wanted—
Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
pilp drivers wanted for work on various jobs
in this city; wages $J £0 per day of nine hours-
men going on now will be given police pro-
- tection and absolute preference In all future
¦ work, if they prove competent;' our asso-
ciation includes every_ contractor of conse-
quence in the line in the city, and good men
can count on fair treatment and steady work
Bridge & Wharf Builders Employers' Assn.!
Room 8, 4 California st. .
WANTED-l-Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-*
passers, cooks and* waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway - wharf,
amployes . are boarded and lodged • on
' ¦ sfcamer lying alongside; men working for
the company, and giving .satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
Vply t to ¦; Pacific Coast; Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San' Francisco. .
A" THOUSAND men, sailors, stevedores, labor-
ers; steady employment and good wages if
work is - satisfactory. Apply. Lumber Deal-
. 'ers'; Association, 209 Examiner building.
BOY ; to run elevator, longshoremen, 6 marine
, ( firemen. ; sailors, non-union; no- office fees.
. Mechanics' Registration Bureau 410 Kearny
• st. room 24. ..'. :•. .. - • -*—'.. -
COATMAKER and pants and - vest ' maker for
.country. Apply REISS BROS. &. CO., 24
Sutter st. ¦ . : . -
ONE or : two | singers \ and [ players- for. medicine
. company in the country;, man: and wife pre-
- ferred. Apply 700 Ellis st, corner Larkln. I
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work-
.-.'•. pays $15 to $18 •. per week;. steady place; "must
-have $150 cash. 765 Market St., room 3.
WANTED— An "experienced -clothing salesman:
-state age. /Address: Lion Clothing Co., San
Diego,' Cal. ¦-.-.-.. • 1\ •...,,..¦_ '-¦* ¦/..¦,. '¦"• Z< "
GENTLEMAN of indomitableener-Bry and push;
, good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON
/-.room 412. ': Parrott building.' •-¦ ¦ ' -
GOOD "cash, boy a wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO
1 ¦¦; 718 , Market, stvi--':-^'":'-.-.;^ • ¦•- ¦?• -,- '.
40 HEAD of wcr!-: and driving horses;. 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds- of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5'cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paj-rfs. in wrapper, for malllnc. $1 per year.
. HOSPITALS.
MTCNTAL & nervous diseases cared for at St.
Elmo Hospital." 230 Dou-flaps st.. San Fran.
i, HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOCUST ave., 624. bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Alllster. nr. Laguna— 5 r.. bath, base., $16 50.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
TO LET — Completely well furnished house of
.. 9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, payln.c more than half the rent. Ay-
plv at 79 South Park.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Modern house or flat. 8 or 9 rooms,
north Market; about $40; 4 adults; no chil-
dren; will pay one or two years' rent in ad-
vance, if Inducements offered in location,
house, rent. etc. Address Good Care, box
4793. Call office.
WELL and completely furnished house of 10
or 12 rooms by adult family of four; north
of California st.. west of Van Ness ave. Box
4760. Call of flee. .
WANTED— Nicely furnished house of 5 or 6
rooms and bath, north of Market: state
terms; references. Box 4921. Call office/
SUBURBAN HOMES.
PALO ALTO— Furnished house 13 ropms; good
location; all modern improvements; piano;
to lease one year; $75. Box 115. Palo Alto.
x LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Lady's handbag, containing spectacles
¦ and purse, on Ingleslde car, at 5:30 o'clock.
Liberal reward at 571A- Minna St. . - . . -.
LOST — A- flour de lis pearl pin. bet Haight-st.
entrance of Park and Central aye. and Fell;
reward. 404 Central ave.
LOST— Purse on Hayes or Buchanan sts., last
Su today. Return to 609 Fell St.; reward.
LOST — Cashbook with notes; no value to finder;
reward. 2325 Pine "St.
LOST— Slate-colored Eskimo dog. Suitable re-
ward at 1413 Mason st.
LOST — A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Amelia Kraus, No. 175-937. The find-
er will please return to bank.
LOST — On Howard st. car. August 13. package
memorandum books and bills. Lansley &
• Michaels Co., 33 First st. Liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St. needs oli
gold to make n«»w watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL..
MARRIAGE bureau; e-=tab. 1S87: reliable & con-
fldentlal: Myts inc. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis »t
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS. 411 to 415 Powell st-
- t»l. Bush 421. - , .¦ . *
. , ¦ MEDICAL. '
A— DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the renowned spe-
cialist." My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands; the unfortunate
relief in all cases taken; the -most
obstinate cases have been relieved by my
-treatments; free confidential advice on all
subjects of a delicate -nature: all classes of
female complaints treated; relief to the long-
est cases. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL 101S
Market st. opp. Fifth: no branches. '
RETURNED ....'.
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her* "vaca-
tion and will bn pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 122S- Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' ortginal
method of treatment; maternity home: home
*; in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR.VTALCOTT & CO.-Practlce confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
Ing confinement; best medical, care; low fees.
MRS. - D. KOHL ' removed" from Market st to
• 410 O'Farrell st.. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
- from Post to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
'-/_ -MINKS A.\U JUMXG.
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell smail In-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
• ARD.. 2C2;Parrott building. . fifth floor. ¦- .
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. a>l Jones.
ON .furniture, pianos; . no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker- .
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
J23.0CO IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. £97 Parrott building.
A — ON real estate; lowest rater no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1-
MONEY loaned salaried people -without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 41, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S. .
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 14> Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co..- 303 Phelan bldg.
JlOO.flOO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansom* st.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Farrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 •Eramln-T building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY~A
CO. may be exchanged for a new /Steinway,
upright or baby grand piano any time with.r.V
3 years from date of purchase, and have futi\
price allowed. New upright pianoa, $6 p*r }
month; some good pianos sold for $3 $1 ant
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY "& CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st*».. San Francisco; corner Broadway ar.d
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
DURING the next few weeks, while so many
people are striking, we are going to do some
striking ourselves. We will strike off from
2C to 30 per cent on all piano sales during the
month. Our regular prices are low, but thpse
special prices are so much lower that you
cannot afford to buy elsewhere. We have
planes from $30 upward. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 76O~Market st.
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell 3t-
11. CCO square feet of warehouse space. ¦
2M piano? and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $155 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up. ' V .'
Agents for Chickering. Vose. Ster'tng planes.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis: great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Steinway. $1M up; Fischer.
.$100: Chickering. $163: 20 others, rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piaiu>
from us. KOHLKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
I St.; established 1S50.
ONE hundred pianos: 20 different factories rep-
resented; great car loads still coming. Se<*»
us at 933 Market st. opposite Mason (Bran^n
store at 951 Broadway. Oakland. The WILF.Y
B. ALLEN CO.
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERS! 5*
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ha-ji- v
. llton and Spielman pianos tr> be had t\<*-*
only at BYRON MAUZY' S, 308. 310. 312 Post
SPECIAL sala of Hazel ton arid all first-class
pianos continued until August 23; easy terms;
don't miss this opportunity. The J. DEW-
ING CO.. 12 Flood building^ .-;
ANOTHER clean!ng-out_j>arfS~of storage pianos j
at your own price; $6 Installments; no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGSlCO.. 1706 Market st
GREAT bargain In fine untight crand piano;
owner must leave city. . S04 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 21S McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'*
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale. $55 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary St.
A SPECIAL for this week— $100 plaao tor $27i
BRITENN. 203 Post st
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CUETAZ Piano Co.. 3€0 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
vw.iv. $200: Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. tlHO up. W. C. Hamilton. S Flood bids. I
GOOD i»econd-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
Alllst-T st. .
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC 32S. near Sansome— Handsome larga
store, very cheap, to good tenant. -__ -
OIL. ' *A
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order- «n
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission %U¦•,•;•¦,- .<¦.•;":.:-¦- .-• R. h. e.
Philadelphia .............'.....•...¦.:, 6 / ; 12 1
Brooklyn .........................:.. 2 .,'[¦ 4 2
"- Batteries— White " and Douglass; Kitson and
Farrell. 'Umpire— Emslle. •
>vST. LOUIS, Aug. • 21.— The game to-day was
a twelve-Inning battle between ,' Powell " and
Tannehlll. ! ? Attendance, 2500. ' Score :'
"- , ¦' . ' -.:. ¦ .¦;."¦"¦ '¦'¦r- R- "h. ; e.
St. Louis .'...'V i 4 14 ¦> 2
Pittsburg .T.; 3 . . 10 ' 1
Batteries— Powell and - Ryan ; Tannehili . and
. Zlmmer. . Umpires— O'Day and ., Brown. ¦ * > ¦
BOSTON, Aug. ,21.— The locals bunched hlt3
in the sixth and - eighth Innings and won out
Attendance, 800. .Score: . . . -
¦ ¦ ' v "y ¦- ¦ , ¦•-.".¦¦¦• B,- H. K.
Boston -. ..5 *10 1
New ..York : '2 ' f 12 . . : 4
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttredge ; Denzer and
Warner. , Umpire— Dwyer. '-, ':•¦
CINCINNATI. Aug. 21.-The first : game of
what was " to have been -a double-headed here
this afternoon Was 'taken in easy style by Chi
cago. The second game was called off and will
be played to-morrow.* Attendance, 2800. Score:
' R. ' H. E.
Cincinnati .'.;..... 1 3 .. 3
Chicago,:....:;..........;...;... 9 ' n^ 0
Batterles^-Weyhtng and Bergen; Waddell and
Kahoe. ._•. Umpire— Behle. . . r - ¦
PITTSBURG. V "Aug." 1 . . 21.— Kltson'a wining
streak for Brooklyn was broken here io-dav
when the | Phlladelphlas landed on his delivery
for twelve hits and pounded out six runs. White
was invincible after the third inning. ¦ Attend
ance. 1601. Score:: ¦ • • ¦ -
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
. i AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. Augr. 21.— In the fourth in
ning of the ¦Washington-Chicago game to-day
Shugart. Chicago's. shortstop, . hit Umpire Has
kell and Katoll tried to do the same, but be
fore he succeeded both men were arrested. The
climax of a dispute was reached when a pitched
ball passed. Sugden and hlt-Haskell. Accord
ing . to the rules this entitled Clingman, who
was, on third, to score. Katoll became exasper
ated and was benched. The whole Chicago team
surrounded Haskell and In the confusion Shu
gart dealt him a heavy blow in the face. One
spectator hit Shugart, but the police reached the
scene in time to avert a riot. Attendance, 1704.
Score: . ¦\-.
• R.. H. E.
Washington S 9 l
Chicago a ..O 8 3
. Batteries— Mercer and Clark, Katoll and Sug
den.
PHILADELPHIA, ; Aug. 21.— The home -club
won. two rather poorly played' games to-day
from Cleveland. Attendance, 3924. Scores:
First game— . - • R. H. E.
Cleveland ........7 6 4
Philadelphia :....8 12 5
Batteries— Bracken, Wood and Connors; Fra
ser and Steelman. '..•¦. --..¦¦
Second game — ..; . : ¦ : . R. h.' E.
Cleveland ...... ...I..... ....... ...3 ¦' J 4
; Philadelphia 7 8 2
Batteries— Dowllng and Connors, Wlltse and
Powers.
j BOSTON, Aug. 21.— Boston made it three
straight from Milwaukee to-day. Attendance
3118. Score:
R. H. e.
Boston ....tr 10 2
Milwaukee ....5. 11 , 5
; Batteries— Lewis and Crlger, Garvin and Don
ahue. '¦:':¦ y :..¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
BALTIMORE, Aug. 21.— The game between
the Baltimore and Detroit league clubs here to
day ended In the fourth inning, | when Umpire
Connolly declared It forfeited 9 to 0 in favor of
Detroit. The actual score was 7 to 4 in favor
of the visitors. Connolly had given several de
cisions particularly exasperating to the local
crowd, " for. which there seemed to • be no Justi
fication. At the beginning of Baltimore's turn
at the bat In the fourth another such decision
occurred and the home players gathered around
Connolly to - argue the matter. . Though they
were talking peaceably. It took . Connolly less
than a minute to declare the game forfeited.
PLAYERS HIT TJMPIBE
AND ARRESTS FOLLOW
Judge Searls -was going to his Berkeley
home from Oakland last: evening and
boarded a Telegraph-avenue car. At the
corner of Bancroft way and Ellsworth
street, a block and a half from his home
at. 2317 . Durant avenue, he jumped from
the car. : The car was going faster than
he thought and he was thrown violently
to the ground. He got to his feet without
assistance and despite the pain In his
ankle he walked the block and a half to
his home. When, he reached there. he
nearly fainted from pain and exhaustion.
A physician was sent for and it was found
that he had sustained a severe sprain of
the left ankle and that he was badly
bruised and wrenched from the fall. His
age makes the injuries the more serious.
Judge Searls is now confined to his bed
and it is hardly expected that he can be
out inside of a month.
." Niles Searls,. former Justice of the Su
preme Court of this State and one of the
most prominent jurists in California, was
seriously injured while alighting from an
electric car last night. ' His "left ankle
was sprained and he was so badly injured
otherwise that it will be a month before
he 'will be able to leave his home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 21.
Ex- Judge Niles Searls
Meets With a Pain
ful Accident.
JURIST THROWN
BY MOVING CAR
Both men sprang into the water at the
pistol shot and .began their hard race
shoulder - to shoulder. They used the
double -overhand stroke. Leary led the
first lap but lost on the turn. Wideman is
a fast man in turning, and at the kickoff
gained two feet on Leary. The latter went
right after his rival and passed him. but
lost again on the turn. They came down
the tank neck and neck at the finish, and
while Leary's hand went. under the rope,
Wideman's hand shot over it. On one side
of the tank it looked as if Wideman was
the victor, but on the other side it ap
peared to be a dead heat. >-'»«,•
Judges Wallace Taylor and J. A. Geddea
declared Wideman the victor, and I Ken
neth Melrose declared it was a dead heat.
As there was some : dispute Wideman
magnanimously agreed to swim the race
over. again at Sutro Baths a week, from
next Sunday. The. race will be straight
away and the victor. will win on his mer
its. .The contestants did, the distance in
forty-four seconds, which is two seconds
above the record established by Wideman.
The race was the second of a series now
being conducted at the club. Wideman,
who represents the Lurllne- Swimming
Club, was challenged by Leary of the
Olympic Club. The directors of the ath
letic institution offered a handsome tro
phy for three races of fifty, seventy-five
and one hundred yards each, to be con
tested on separate nights. On Monday
evening last Wideman defeated Leary in
the fifty-yard match by a scant foot and
lowered the American record for the dis
tance one-fifth of a second. Last night
the pair came together tor the seventy
five-yard event.
H. A. 'Wideinan, America's champion
short-di3tance swimmer, and Scott Leary.
a young aspirant for aquatic honors,
swam what looked like a dead heat at the
Olympic Club last night in the presence
of a few hundred members. Two of the
Judges decided that Wideman had won by
six inches, and the other Judge was of the
opinion that the race was a tie, and so ex
pressed himself.
¦WTDEMA1T AND LEARY
SWIM A CLOSE RACE
Class reserve, eighty entries— T. J." Mclner
ney"s Norah vs. J. H. Perigo's Faraway; T.
J. Mclnerney'a Johnny R vs. Star Kennels"
Pickpocket; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs.
Captain Clarkson's Sofala; A. Vanderberg's
Naughty Girl vs. T. J. Cronln's Klllarney; Star
Kennels' Fontenoy vs. G. Leonard's Sir Craw
ford; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist vs. Georg«
Sharman's Black Flush; Chiarini Bros.' Boney
Boy vs. L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain; F. A-
McComb's Greenback vs. F. Schou's Smuggler;
F. A. McComb's Motto vs. George Nethercott'a
Floodgate; F. A. McComb's Firm Fellow vs.
Captain Clarkson's Miss Bruznmel; Chiarini
Bros.' White Hat vs. J. M. Halton's Mar
Hempstead; Pasha Kennels' Snapshot vs.
George Sharman's Chicago Boy; George Neth
ercott's Hickory Dick vs. H. Lynch's Gams
Cock; George McKenna (names) Patriot vs.
A. Vanderwhlte's Flora McDonald; J. W1IU«
(names) Half Moon vs. Sterle & Knowles* Rip
ple; Chiarini Bros.' Santonin vs. O. Zahl'a
Miss Wilson; M. Nealon's Achilles vs. George
Sharman's St. Ives; T. J. Mclnerney's Annie
Hall vs.. W. C. Collier's Satanola; Ed Neave'a
Talk to Me vs. F. Jones* Dorotherty Bell; Cap
tain Clarkson's Prompto vs. R. Strahl'a Thre«
Cheers: C. O. Peterson's Sliver Cloud vs. *T.
J. Mclnerney's Reglna R; P. Doyle's Liberator
vs. W. Cramer's Lily' Wright; H. Perigo'i
Comptroller vs. Captain Clarkson's Flower of
Gold; Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening vs.
James M. Klein's Coronado; W. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurley vs. L. F. Barter s Banner Bright;
H. Lynch's Lilac vs. T. Mu mane's Bonus;
Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor vs. T. J. Cronln'a
Tralee Boy; Charles Pickard's Bright Gold vs.
E. Neave's First Foot; M. B. Cavanaugh's
May Be Kind vs. W. H. Kocher"s Merrtwa;
Pasha Kennels' Rocker vs. George Nethercotf*
Red. Rock; T. Cox's Crockett Hill vs.. J. P.
Thrift's Gold Me; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs vs. M. Nealon's Aeneas; C. McDermott's
Noe Maid vs. T. J. Cronln's Thornhill: C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard vs. T. J. Cronin's Par
lor Maid; T. J. Mclnerney's Rosie R vs. W.
J. Leonard's Daylight; Pasha Kennels' Regal
Attire vs., Sterle & Knowles' Sleety Mist; A.
Vanderwhite's Lear King vs. George Sharman's
Bowery Boy; Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat
vs. H. Lynch's Cotton Ball; F. Schou's Lady
Glenkirk vs. Ed Neave's Strayaway; M. Neal
on's Agamemnon vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Ar
ticle. . ---•- ¦•;:_¦ it
Class stake, twenty-four entries— E. Geary*«
America vs. F. A- McComb's Hot Haste; Cap
tain Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Luxor; George Graham's Tyrone Prince vs.
F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; T. J. Cronln'a
Vandal vs. Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire; E.
Geary's Palo Alto vs. A. H. Curtls's Rector;
F. A. McComb's Warship vs. E. Geary'3 Ire
land; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe vs. F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys; Sterle & Knowles' Oleta vs.
Chlarlnl Bros." Dewdrop; Sterle & Knowles'
For Glory vs. Star Kennels' Mayflower; Pasha
Kennels' For Freedom vs. O. Zahl's Homer
Boy; A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister; Pasha. Kennels' Roman
Athlete vs. Star Kennels' Game Boy.. ¦
Two stakes will be run off at - Union
Coursing Park on Saturday and Sunday.
One is a class stake of twenty-four en
tries, composed of the best dogs on ths
coast, and the other is a reserve stake of
eighty entries, made up of hounds ! that
nave not been fortunate enough to win
first money. Racing on Saturday will be
gin by the arrival of the train that leaves
this city at 1 p.- m. Following is the r«
ault of last night's drawing:
the Union Park Pro
gramme.
That and an Open Event "Will Sa
SPECIAL C31A.SS EVENT
FOR COXTRSING CAR33
Another interesting incident In the Fed
eral court is the postponing of the high
sea assault cases against Captain Wal
lace of the ship Sea King and Captain
Baker of the Emily Keed Just as they
were about to be tried by a special jury.
When the District Attorney was away
on the mainland his substitute. J. J.
Dunne, proceeded against the shipmasters
oy criminal information. Instead of having
™S r f I l d A t £ lry sum moned, for the cases.
District Attorney Balrd on his return re
fused to prosecute the cases until they
J> ad _ eone before a Grand Jury. The de
fendants lose three months of their time
besides, their commands. A score of wit
nesses are also held in jail for appearance.
A contest is on in the Supreme Court to
test the legality of the income tax law.
The enactment is being contested jointly
by the Merchants' Association, which
took the initiative, the Chamber of Com
merce and the Planters' Association.
Briefs are to be filed.
The suits for condemnation of lands at
Pearl Harbor for the naval station will be
contested. Commandant Pond, who fur
nished the estimate of valuation for the
condemnation, iiroceedings. placed the to
\fl ou Sl. toT sbou t S00 acres at less than
*i/.uw. The answers of owners already
filed In court amount to $1,132,200 There
are more to come. As a matter of official
record the properties sought to be con
demned a're assessed for many times the
amount at which the Government seeks
to obtatn possession. The condemnation
proceedings are brought under the Ha
waiian law of eminent domain, which
provides for a condemnation value of 20
per crcit- above- the assessed value. The
respondents will make a. demand for a
jury trial a part of their fight. .
Jv.dge Estee has decided, that any Chi
nese born in the Hawaiian Islands under
the monarchy, as well as the regimes in
te.ryening between that and annexation; is
entitled to entry and residence. The de
cision is based en the Hawaiian constitu
tional definition of citizenship and th«
HONOLULU, Aug. H.-The drought en
the island of Hawaii is t<ecoming serious.
Scarcely any rain has fallen since the
latter part of April, ar^a there was very
little then. Besides Irjury to the upcom
ing crop of sugar cane, cattle and all live
stock are becoming emaciated. In some
sections water for domestic purposes i§
sold by the pail at famine prices. There is
an account of a village barber who re
fused to shave a traveler for lack of
water, but the customer got a bottle of
so<ia water aud had the shave. In the
li.uu district only has the drought been
effectually broken.
Special Correspond>iice.
Cattle Become Emaciated
Because of Scarcity
of Water."
Lack of Rain May Cause
Hardship on the
Islands.
HAWAIIAN CROPS
ARE ENDANGERED
THE SAN FEA^CISCP cXLi, C IfiURSDA^
11
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1360— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 103 newly
furnished rooms. $150 per week up; elevator,
electric lights In every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; Soc to 75c, $1 to $3 week. -..
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the, Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
$850. $1000. $1300. $2500 to $3000— Bargains In
modern cottages. Sunset, Richmond and Mis-
sion districts; easy payments. „.„_„
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
54 Chronicle building.
$400 to JSOO— Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
$500 to $800— Graded and sewered lncompar-
able Sunset lots; your own terms.
Sunset Branch office, 9th ave.. "near H st
$75, $100 to $350— Best Ocean Boulevard lots,
only $5 monthly; ready to build on.
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
cars; $5 monthly. - . • .
We have unusual good Bargains now.
Secure a home with little money.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS,
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
. suites and single: travelers accommodated.
FIFTH, 119. second flat— Furnished rooms, sin-
gle and double, from $1 25.
LARKIN, 247— Nice sunny furnished rooms
double, single; running water; gas.
FOR Sale— Elegant new cottage, B rooms and
bath- modern improvements; large lot; on 2<th
st near Guerrero. Inquire on premises.
MARKET, ! 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, 12 a week up; 35c a day up.
EIX. eeven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between l<th. 18th, Castro
and Noe sts.: Vl cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st cars. F. NtL-
EON. builder. ¦
MARKET. 1055 — Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.; $10; also rooms for transient; baths.
MARKET, 1S02— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred ; references. ~
MINNA. 607, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $lper week; transient.
MINNA, 91H4 — Two single furnished rooms,
large and sunny; $5 and $7. • • ' -;
HOMESTEAD. 160 acres of good land; all ex-
penses. $75. at 1563 Seventh St., Oakland. *
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1: at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair end moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights;. day, week,' mo.
DR. LAHOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
corn cure: 2T>c; all druggists.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts, ?60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co./H82 California st., for pam-
phlets or informartdn.
KACE massage. SPp; a new and Fcientiflc treat-
raent: done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ADY Fpecialist— Face and ucalp; treat ladles
Jtt their homes. Box 4S96. Call /rfflce.
MASON, 107— Large, nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
MARTINET, HOI Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
TWO building lots for sale at a sacrifice; must
have money. G. W. S.. box 2322, Call office.
rHITK fnamel iron b»<1». Pinele, three-quart»r
or double. ?2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway
BROADWAY: 3.'xl37:6; marine v
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
FREE trial— Sufierfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless: lady in at-
tendance. 935 Market, r. 5; sample mailed. 25c.
RAO carpets wov<> to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs. Filk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order frcm genuine
Scctch. $15 up; fine dress suits J20 up- ele-
psnt overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotei. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms:
f»c to SI 50 per nljrht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
fre * 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell call on
W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.. S. F. Sav-
Ings Union buildincr.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st.. near Market*-Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the cltv: references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk.st.
HOWARD, 1018. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished rooms, with gas; suites and single
and housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.-
517 50— SOLID csk bedroom set; plate mirror,
fl— Solid oak chair: factory price.
?2— Enamel 'beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 132S
Fearey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
f 6500— TERMS to suit: handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day work; every possible latest
impts.; heaters, registers, 6 basins; plate and
art elass windows; marine and park Me*.
choicest of any near P anna " < " e: ., lars;e T, 1 1 °j;
26:6x53x100; Fulton St.. near Shrader: Hayes
or McAllister cars; open from 1 to 5 p. m.
NOTICE is hereby given that I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by my
wife after this date. August 21. JOHN F*.
SMITH.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell et.. and
you will not be disappointed: this remedy is
r-osltively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call- or Bend for circular.
WANTED — Information as to whereabouts of
one MRS. SAXTON. In 1S92 and 1S93 lived
in Sierra County, t"al.. near La Porte. Later
heard of at Vacavllle, Cal. Will learn of
forrPthing to her advantage by addressing
O. H. KINGDON, box 273. Berkeley. Cal.
TERSOXALS.
O'FARRELL. 332— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOCKTON, 45 — Nice large rooms, $1 per week
up and 25c and 50c night; gas; running water.
¦ - Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Guerrero ana
-. Twentieth streets at 1:30 o'clock.
THOMAS— In this* city, August 20. "1901. Ber-
.tram Charles, beloved son - of Mary Thomas.
. and i brother of Walter Thomas. . a native of
San Francieeo,' aged 17 years 7 months and
:. 17 days. . ;_' . . ¦ •„.; , •••¦¦-.
E^Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
.' fully invited to- attend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 60 Erie street, ¦ between Mission and
Howard, e Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TOBIN— In this city, " August 21. 1901. Eliza-
. bc-th. beloved wife of Joseph Tobin, mother
of Mamie. Joseph, Willie, Irene, Frankie,
Eddie and Petle Tobln, beloved daughter of
Mary Gorman, and sister of Mrs. P. Water-
doll, a native 6f San Francisco, at?ea 31
years 4 months and 20 days. : -
. ¦¦ ETFriends and acquaintances are Respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from. her late resl-
' dence, 5 Kate street, oft • Bryant, between
. Seventh an i Eighth, thence to St. Joseph s
Church for services. Interment, Holy Cross
Cemetery. .-' • -J ',: ¦
TURPIN— In this city, August 20, 1901, Juliet
Turpin, beloved daughter of Mrs. George J.
. Berger and the late Jules Turpin, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. R. Gost of Colma. Cal., a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 7
months and 9 days. ¦ *
E7Friends and acquaintances and members
of. Artemis Circle No. 120, C. O. F., are re-
spectfully • invited to i attend the) funeral
to-day - (Thursday), at I o'clock, from
Foresters' Hall. 102 O'Farrell street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery."
ARTEMIS CIRCLE. C. O. F-— To th© officers
and members of Artemis Circle. No. 120. C.
O. F. : You are hereby notified to attend the
' funeral of our late companion, Juliet Turpin,
to-day (Thursday), -at 1 o'clock, from
Foresters' Hall, 102 O'Farrell street.
MISS F. VOLGUARDE, C. C.
WEBFR— In this city. August JO. 1001, Joseph
1 Weber, beloved brother of Michel and Emlle
Weber, a native of France, aged 47 years
1 and 2 months. - >"
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(ThurPday). at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. 3. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
• to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue, . for. services. ; Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
WILLE— In this' city, August 20. 1901. Frederick
W. Wille of Mount Eden, dearly beloved hus-
• band of the late Maria Wille. and beloved
father of John. Frederick, Emil. Maria, Leo-
pold and Robert Wille, a native of Wurgas-
1 sen, Westphalen, Germany, . aged 69 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited • to attend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking oarlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 1209 Mission street,
thence to St Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a solemn
requiem hleh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of ¦ his soul, • commencing at 9
• o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery..
BARO— In Sausalito, August i 21, 1901, Ernest
Zaro, beloved . husband of "Mary Ann, and
father of Mary, . Stella, Prospero, Lucas,
Mrs. P. Juklch and Mrs. K. Bovinich. a na-
tive of Dalmatla, Austria, aged 68 years and
3 months. -- ; . - ' ¦ " ¦ .'•¦.-
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi- '
- dence, thence to St. Mary's Church, 'Trhere a
mass will be celebrated for the repost of his
- soul. Interment Sausalito. • " .'
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquit ed by foreclosure; K cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMNTS.
SUTTER. 309 — Changed hands; rooms (150 a
week up.
STOCKTON, 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
¦Ingle rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
£hanahan FloristCo.
V - / ./\RTISTIG FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. 1^ -
107 POWELL ST.n™ ELLIS 25S? 5056
TWELFTH. Ill— Large sunny well furnished
room; phone; bath. etc. '
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Ne«s ave.
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly . furnished :
all sunny rooms; references.* * .
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny— Elegant fuites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
WOOD end Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 93 Fremont st.
PLAMSCi AND Tl'RMXC MILLS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and-subscrlptlons
recehed at Call branch offW. 5200 Flllmfre st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites: best table board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt, r. 8.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. B14 Pine.
$10C0— S-ROOM house: stable; chicken-houses ;
fruit trees; corner: 50x140; nice place. Call at
314 Sutter St.. hat store.
ALL kinds bought, sold,. rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest -rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairlng: lowest rates: phone Mint <5. 145 Sixth.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th: other machines.
SLOT MACHINES.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell st«. ; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission Bt;
tel. Main 1840; shipping- at cut rates.
(Successor ' to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School. *"
Telephone South 80.
IJENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnlturs Movlns Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson. 281.
Ban 'Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand. all makes; at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSRB.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN T YPE WRTTERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
S1S00 — In Piedmont; modern Eastlake cot-
tage 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath,
laundry, high basement; lot 50x110; sunny
side; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; -will be sold on monthly pay-
ments If desired.
GEO. W, AUSTIN & CO.,
The Oakland House Renters,
Exclusive Agents for This Property,
1008 Broadway, near- Tenth St., Oakland.
$100 DOWN, total only $1000; monthly pay-
ments; liberal discount for all cash; 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath; barn and drive-
way; near San Pablo ave.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.*
$2250— New home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
just completed: close In town.
$4000 — New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold: fine location.
$4500— New house. S rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street. '
Also a number of new homes In course of con-
struction.
A. J. SNTDER.
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— In the matter of
the estate of EDWARD HARMON SHEL-
DON, deceased:
Notice is hereby given 4.0 the creditors of,
and all persons having claims against the above
named deceased, to present them within ten
(10) months after the date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of CaliforJRa. at his office in
the city ami county of San Francisco.
Dated Aupust 12. 1901. WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk. By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave., S. P., Cal. ,
The ordinance prohibiting burials . In San
Francisco after the first day of August, 190L
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to tho living than tha
ashes of their dead. • • ¦ ~ ~' x
Permits i to cremate will be Issued by th*
Board of Health the same as heretofore. . .:
¦¦• GEORCJB R. FLETCHER. Manager.
$150 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage, 3 rooms; hard
finished; 2 fine lots r all fenced; a fine home for
email family or bachelor; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town hall: 100 fami-
lies located within 3 years; soil, climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price In all, $425, to make speedy sale; see
this at once. Call or send for circular. 455
Seventh st-, opposite Broadway station. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot
Quartermaster's Department 36 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, August 20th 1901
Sealed proposals will be received at thls'office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on September 20th, 1901
and then opened, for construction of stono
• wall alon*r southern boundary of Military
Reservation, Presidio of San Francisco In
accordance with plans and specifications on
file here, which can be seen on application
OSCAR F. LONG, Major and Quartermaster'
V. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS. .
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the.
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND FCItSITURE FOR SALE.
CAPP. 552— Unfurnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL. The. 1773 Market — Sunny housekeeping:
suites of. 2 rooms. $10 up; others, $6; with gas.
DEVISADERO, 1311%— 3 or 4 handsomely sun-
ny furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath.
EIGHTH, 225—3 lovely sunny rooms for house-
keeping; water; yard^ $10.
FOURTH. 43714— Fine housekeeping rooms,
suites or otherwise, from $10 up.
FULTON. 1206, near Ecott— 3 sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry,
reference. . •
GOUGH, 115— New sunny room, $8 per month;
folding bed. gas. 'phone, hot bath any time;
no children.
HOWARD, 761%— Bay-window . suite, man and
wife; kitchen; others; sunny; reasonable.
MAEBIAGB LICENSES.
The following marriaee licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles H. Stilson, 28, city, and Grace E
Fay, 26, city.
Paul J. Butler, 32. 820 McAllister street, and
Stella Anrys, 19, 817 O'Farrell street.
James E. Calhoun, 23, Mojave. and Ida M
Andrews, 22, city. ¦ .
Daniel Curtis. 45, 1125 Mission street, and
Catharine Mullins, 40. 1144 Howard street
Axel Jacobsen, 28, 47 Sacramento street "and
Anna L. Mattson, 27, .620 Hayes street '
John • Metcalf e. 55, 2319 Central avenue, and
Annie C. North. 40, Palace Hotel.
William J. Thisby, 25, Walnut Grove, and
Ida Levy, 18, Isleton.
Thomas H. Kennedy. 42, Stockton, and Ad-
dle Davis, 38, Oakland.
Charles W. Preston, 23, 659 Clay street, and
Rosalie Rosenberg, 28, 1 Summer street.
Gustavus Naher, 42, Fresno, and Grettie M.
Naher, 27, Fresno. » • ,
- John E. Doherty, 35, Dawson, and Mollie E.
Carroll, 27, Livermore.
Henry J. Sierck. 22, 801 Treat avenue, and
Mae R. Pearson. 21. 1511 Noe street:
Louis Hanixter, 24, 1408 Devisadero street
and Frances Isaacs, 20, 32 Farren avenue. *
Arthur Fickenscher. 30, 1114 Octavia street
and Edith Cruzan. 23. Hilo. •
Victor Anderron, 29, 582 O'Farrell street and
Alice R. Wllsonjy 16. 582 O'Farrell street. . .
HOWARD. 10E3— 2 sunny completely furnished
connecting rooms; range; running water. -
HYDE. 408— Sunny front alcove eulte complete
lor housekeeping; front basement suite, $15.
LAGUNA, 1107—3 large furnished housekeeping
rooms; private; bath; yard; piano; $15.
LARKIN. 247— Nice sunny suite, front room,
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; gas stove;
running water. . ,;v ;
NINTH. 155— Floor 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath; no other roomers; $20.
OAK. 119— Two front basement rooms furnished
for housekeeping; clean; two beds; yard; $10.
J^BOBH.VV-.'.T.S ; -. V.-
ADAMS— In this city, August 16, 1901, to the
wife of Henry Adams, a son. ' .
CARROLL— In this city, August IS, 1901. to the*
wife of Jeremiah J. Carroll, twin daughters
HURD— In this city, to the wife of J. B. Hurdi
a son.' • - . ¦ . '
JAEGER— In this city, August 19. 1901, to : the
wife of F. • C. . Jaejter, " a daughter. ¦
PHELAN— In this city, August 10, 1901, to the
wife of Dr. Henry du R. Phelan. a son.;
Birth, marriaee and death notices I sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in nt either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published
BIRTHS— MARRI&&ES-— DEATHS.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, • completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
O'FARRELL, 573— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms. . . - .-
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-window
with kitchen; single sunny room. $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
TURK. E25— Solar flats: fine; new. Chicago
Ftyle; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished: electricity; janitor.
6OI7THWEST corner Seventeenth and Church
ets lot 100x100; partly Improved; make an
offer. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 11
Cltr Hall Eduare.
SIXTH. 216— Nice sunny furnished housekeep
ing rooms; also single; rent reasonable. . ..*
FOURTH. 225— Nice ' large housekeeping room;
also singl*. - .
FOLSOM, £34 — Large sunny bay-window room
and kitchen;, bath; everything private; $3 wk.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Ft.
S100 each — North eide of Montana St.. near
Capital ave.. Ocean View; $20 cash.\ balance
13 oer month; interest 6 per cent; lots 25x100
each. . '-'
$400— Elizabeth Bt.. near Douglass; lot 23x
114 feet. . - ; ,
J60O— Corner ISth ave. and California St.; lot
t£:4xSl:6 feet. / •: t - - •_ .;¦ . -..-„.-•
1500— North' elde cf Duncan et.. near San-
chez St.; 30x114.
JS56— Third ave., near Lake «t; lot 25x110
feet.
1 1000— Southeast corner 27th ave. and A St.:
7cxl25 feet.
12000— Southwest eorner Elizabeth and ICoe
Ets.; 61x105 feet.
BARGAIN LOTS,
13250—8 tenements on Harriet st. near 6th
and Er&nnan; rents $612 per annum: this prop-
erty xnuet be hold at once; lot SOxSO feet.
QUICK SALE.
REDUCED FOR
JSOOO— A comfortable sunny well-built house
cf S large rooms and bath: new sanitary
plutrblng; modern and in Al condition; on
23th. between Valencia and Guerrero sts.; the
lot alone U worth $3750; lot 25x114 rest.
MISSION WARM BELT HOME.
WEETERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
$11.000— Two stores, 6 rooms and bath; two
flats: 3 frontaxes: present low rents $1140 per
annum; old established business; lot 37:6xS7:fi
fe«U
ADDITION. RESIDENCE.
%ZTA— A modern two-etory and basement
fcous-.e of 8 rooms and porcelain bath; on best
part of Scott ct. ; Investleate this, as it Is a
bargain: 24:9x106:3 feet.
GUERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
£j2i0— 4 well-built houses, 9-9-6-4 rooms and
bath each: never vacant; rents $624 per annum;
could easily be Increased to $720 per annum;
near lfith st. ; lot 30x124 feet, more or lesi
running to rear street; mortgage $3750 can re-
main at 6 per cent. :
112.500 — Lar»re elegant modern residence of 12
roonu tnd bath, surrounded by the best homes
In the city: magnificent marine view; recep-
tion hells; inlaid floors; beautiful mantltt; ce-
dar closets; wineroom; sanitary plumbing;
comprising an up-to-date house in every re-
¦pect: lot 27:6x137:6 feet; mortgage of $9000 can
remain et « per cent-
PACIFIC-AVENUE MANSION.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C2S Market st.
AN unparalleled opportunity: Fruitvale, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; two blocks from
two street cars and public school; completely
furnished cottage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-
house, pigeon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds;
200x130 feet: with fruit orchard; 20 minutes
from Oakland or one hour from S. F. ; $25 a
month. Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building.
FROTVALE FURMSHED HOUSES.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
No. «.
State title to lot commencing at point -dis-
tant 6S:9 westerly from the westerly line of
Front st. end 120 feet southerly from the
southerly line of Washington st.; thence south-
erly 17:6 by a uniform depth westerly of 30
feet, being pert of beach ard water lot No.
For further particulars, apply to
McAllister Ft., south line 275 feet east of
Eroderick; 12:6x127:6.
Lot commencing at point distant 137:6 north-
erly from the northerly line of Pine st. and
77:6 westerly from the westerly line of Stock-
ton Et. ; ihence northerly 2 feet by a uniform
depth westerly of 60 feet.
Lot 32 In block 11 of the Flint Tract Home-
etead Association.
Fourteenth ave. and J et. south: 75x200; three
fr w-:z.ges.
f No. 2.
E.'ghteer.th aye. and H Et. south; 75x200; three
frontages.
The following € parcels; subject to conarma-
tlon by the court.
JOHN H. DALL ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
Folsom ft., east line bet. 20th and 21st ets.;
choice building lot, 25x122:6; Eubject to con-
firmation by the court.
JANE LUDBY ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
10 Beideman St.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell and
Ecott and Devisadero; cottage of 4 rooms;
etreet bltuminized; lot 25jc90.
No. 3.
EO Federal St.; cottage of 4 rooms: lot ISxSO.
48 Federal st.: 2 flats of 5 room3 each; rents
|16 per month; lot 19x£0.
EW. corner Bryant and Ellery ets., bet. First
end Second; 2 stores and cottage; rents $35 per
month; lot 25xS0.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENTS.
No. 1.
Sw. corner First and Federal «ts. : 2-story
building consisting of store and lodging house
of 13 rooms: rents $35 per month: lot 20xS3:4. /
SOUTH SIDE BUSINESS CORNER.
DENCE.
173S Golden Gate ave., near Devlsadero Bt.;
modern residence of 12 rooms, bath, billiard -
room, etc.; large grounds, nicely elevated and
commanding a fine view; lot TCxllO; tertr.s »4
cash and balance can remain at 6 per cent.
VALEXCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
187, 1S9, 191 Valencia et.. near junction of
Market and Valencia; 3-story building contain-
ing store and 2 flats; lot 30x80.
CHOICE OAK-STREET INVESTMENT.
426. 428 and 430 Oak st. and 471 and 473 Hick-
cry ave.. bet. Laguna and Buchanan sts.; 3
bay-window bouses of 6. 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each; 2 cottages of 3 and S rooms each;
eanitary plumbing, etc.; rents $84 60 month;
bank mortgage of $6600 at € per cent can re-
main; Jot 55x120 to rear street.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
461 Hayes st. and S62 and 364 Linden ave.,
bet. Gough and Octavia sts.; substantial build-
ing containing store and 4 flats of 4, 5. 6 rooms
and bath each ; brick foundation, stone w&lke.
etc.; rente J113 per month; lot 25x120 to rear
etreet.
12 o'clock nocn.
HATES-STREET BUSIKESS PROPERTY.
. AUCTION.
J§ AUCTION.
cur falesroom Monday. August 26. 1301. at
AUCTION,
G. H. LTMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
or 2323 Shattuck ave.
Berkeley.
An opportunity of a lifetime to secure pretty
well-built cottages at your own price. There
are also 50 fine building lots.
This property has never been-oftered for sale
before.
Title absolutely perfect. Terms very easy.
Berkeley, the University City of Homes.
Take 2 o'clock boat and train to Dwight Way
Station.* •
Property lies between Ward and Derby
Btreets and Shatuck and Telegraph avenues.
Get a catalogue of
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.. S. F.,
August 24, 1901.
On— the— Premises.
SATURDAY Afternoon. 3 o'clock sharp,
Do not fall to attend the special sale of resi-
dence property in Berkeley on
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Choice Berkeley Property.
A— DR. WON'G WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
T64-766 Clay St.: Fee testimonials at office.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PIIYSICIAXS AND SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
CHEAPEST End best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS rapes. sp:it to any address In the
United Pt?t?r or Canada me y«>ar fcr 11.
MASQUERADE rwtumes. plav bock?, wlcs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and* ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50; week, $2 to
$S; month. $R to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28. .Eighth' Bt.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
TAILOR-MADE <=ult«. V 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothinp Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
fra? list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st. ' ,
HAAS— WOHLENBERG— In this city, August
-20, 1901. by the Rev.- O. Groensberg, John A
Haas to Marie Wohlenbere. "
YANCEY— KEARNEY— In .. this city. August
• 19, 1901. ' at Central M. -E. Church, : by the
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, Harper Yancey and
Rebecca Kearney, both of San ¦ Francisco, v
ZAI'F— DUFF Y— In - this city. August 21. 1901,
at Central Methodist-' Episcopal Church, by
the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Charles F. Zapf
and Alice B. Duffy, both of San Francisco.
MARRIED.
Daniel . and - Mary > E. Williamson ' to ¦" Norton
Tanning ¦• Company, lots 6 to 8, block 226, O' N/
and H.- Tract; $10. . • ',
¦•'." ¦' - ' ;-'.!»¦. ¦¦ : '¦ •.- : '"' *
Dorothea or Dora Koppltz to Frederick C.
Siebe lot on S line of . Golden Gate avenue,
206:6 W -of Larkln street. W 6S:9 by S 120
(quitclaim deed); ?l<>. ; _
John Koppitz (by R. H. Fitzgerald, com-
missioner) to same, same; $17,644.
Isidor and ' Bettle Lowenberg • to Margaret
Kellv lot on NW corner of Van Ness and Elm
avenues;. N 28 by W 109:9; $10. •/
Paul K. Buckley to Elizabeth G. Buckley,
undivided one-third of the following: Lot on
NW corner of O'Farrell and Octavia streets,
N 120 by W 137:6;' also lot on N line of Cali-
fornia street, 60 W of Twenty-fifth avenue, W"
60 bv N 100; also lot on E line of Twenty-fifth
avenuf 161:8 S of Lake street. S 63:4, E 240,
N 87:7.' SW to beginning; iglft. _ -_
A P Hotaling & Co. (corporation) to Theo-
dorDlerks. lot on NE corner of McAllister and
Pierce streets, E 25 by N 100; $10. .- _:
California Title Insurance and Trust Com-
pany to Frederick Saunders and William F.
£tuhbs i lot on W line of Treat avenue. 83.604
N of Fourteenth street. N 25. W 105.80. S 30.720.
E To°hn anV*kate Barrett (by I Frank M. Mar-
ron commissioner) to Jacob *. Mathls. lot on
E line oYstevenson street, 232 N of Ridley, N
Is hv E 1 77 °6 (to correct 1804 D. 329);$—.
Tohn and Katherine Crode. , Christ and ; Kath-
enne KnuttV and Rosa M. Mays (by S M.
l^mter commissioner) to Security -Loan Asso-
ciation lot on W line of Vicksburg street. 215
S of Twenty-third; S 20 by W- 117:6; $5000.
William B. Sharo to Achille Paladinl. lot at
infection of NE . corner Montgomery -avenue
Lnd I North point, E83.:S102. NW. 187:. also
?nt onSW line of Montgomery avenue." 150:9%
SE North Point. SE 28:1%, W 17:11%. N 21:7%;
h, n Francisco Lumber Company (a 'corpora-
tion) to Joseph Wagner, lot on.W line of Leav-
enworth streXllO N of Post. N 27:6 by W 110;
White to Ann White, lot on SE line
of Ka street.', 375 NE Second.^SE 80 by SW
wfrtiknd Law to Ada Law. lot on W corner
of Mission and Annie - streets. * NW - 120. • SW
32-5H SE 1 SW 23:6%. SE 119. NE 56; also lot
on N' line of Lake: street, 57:6 W Seventeenth
avenue W 125 V N 100 r gift, j ;-
Samuel R Crooks vs.' Jonathan J. Crooks et
als (by John T." Harmes, - Gustave H. Umbsen
and Peter J. Sullivan, referees), to Sharon Es-
tate" Company : (a corporation), - lot on : NW line
of Jessie street. 67:6 SW, of Second, SW 40 ; by
NW 69: $17,000. '• '. .-.,, \ ¦
Minnie F. McCombe (wife of Thomas C. Mc-
Combe) to J.'A.'and K. J.. Murphy, lot on NW
corner of Second avenue and = California
SW 27-6, N 102,' E:27,"Si98:8; $10.:.; ; .-;' •
Charles H.. Ford to City Street Improvement
Company, lot on E line : of Thirty-seventh av-'
enuo. 125 N of P street,. E 120 by N 25; also lot
en W • line : of Thirty-sixth ' avenue, 150 S of O
street,' ..W 120 > by.' S ; 25 : $10. '..;.- ¦..--••¦ Vv .-„ -...;¦¦•.-
• George C. Ryan : to . Charles : Bowles, lot on ¦ E
line : of --Worth street, 180 ¦ N • of
N 30 by E 125, -block. 4, Noe Garden Homestead
Union^lO. '-:¦¦:. : . : . -,'•¦¦ -,;.,.-:,..
REAL- ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
JAMBS WcGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones., Telephone South 576.
! ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
f uHy 3 invited ¦ to -attend . the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden' Gate^Undertaklng Com-
pany,- 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 25, 1901, at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, northwest corner of Montgomery and
¦ Post streets, where the services will be held,
under,' the auspices of Lodge - No.
139, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
SMITH— In this city, August 50, 1901, "William
Smith of Chlco. brother of Andrew Smith of
419 Bartlett street, this city, a ; native of
Scotland, ¦ aged 51 years.- i S* ¦¦ ¦ .
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 108 Oak street, corner of Frank-
lin. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 o'clock. ' . /
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society: You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, J. Rich, this (Thursday) morning,
at 10:15 o'clock, from his late residence, 108
Oak street. S. ZEKIND. Secretary.
ROTH— In this city. August 20, 1901, Charles
W. Roth, a native of Germany, aged 69
years. •
BCHAMMKL— In this city, August 21, 1901,
Henry Schammel. beloved husband of Bertha
Schammel, a native of Germany, aged 71
years 8 months and 12 days. .
(EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlor3
- of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Var. Ness avenue,
between O'Farrell and Geary streets, where
a solemn reauiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
CroFs Cemetery.. ' . • •
McINTTRE— In this city, Aurust 20. 1901, Mary
S. Queene, -beloved daughter of Leslie S.
and Maggie Mclntyre, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged. 15. years 4 months and 8 days. ¦
POMEROY— In this city, August 21, 1901, Shel-
don ' Pomeroy. ? -
RICH— Entered Into 'rest In this city, August
20, 1901. Joseph Rich, beloved father of Mrs.
S.. B. -Livingston and Mrs. J. Leszynsky of
New York and Bernard, David, Geary and
Alfred J. Rich of this city, a native of Ger-
many, aged 96 years 8 months and 10 days.
BINIARZ— In this ~ city, August ! 21, ¦ 1901,
Charles Blniarz, • dearly beloved son of Paul
: and the late. Maria Biniarz. and beloved
brother of Helena. John, Alfred and Maria
Blniarz, Mrs. J. -P. Albrefezenskl and Mrs.
,F. Schwindelauf, a native of Germany, aged
.20 9 months and 11 days. .
BOWBEER— In Oakland, August 20; 1901, at
645 Forty-Brat street,* William * Budd, son of
B. F. and Mary Bowbeer, a native, of Cali-
fornia, aged 4 years 11 months and 17 days.
CAHILL— In this city, August ¦ 19. 1901. Mrs.
Frances Cahill. beloved wife of the late
James F. Cahill, a native of Ireland. ..
E7"The I funeral will take 1 place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her? late resi-
dence, S2S Haight street, thence to .Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
: will be celebrated for the repose of -her soul,
. commencing' at -9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.- ¦; ¦ . " ¦
GALVIN— In this city, August 20. 1901, Thomas
A. J. Galvln, beloved son of Jeremiah and
Susie A. Galvin, and brother of Arthur L.
Galvln, a native of San Francisco, aKed 20
.years 10 months and 11. days. _ .. *•:-.¦'
' tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 711 Webster street. 'thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, ¦ com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.- . . :" . . ' *
GRIFFIN-In this city. : August 20, 1901, Wil-
liam F., beloved • husband of Emily Griffin,
end brother of John H. and J. J. Griffin and
Mrs. J.-.T. Bradlex, a native of San Fran-
clfco', aged 25 years 5 months and 4 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Friday), at -2:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eichth and Ninth. , Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.- " . ' - ' " '. s ¦¦
GUTMANN— In this city, August 21, 1901,
David, beloved husband of Matilda Gutmann.
and beloved father of Irma Gutmann, a na-
tive of Bavaria, aged 45 years and 9 months.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at • 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 894 Fulton 'street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
. Third and Townsend streets. —
HAGERT-In this city. August 19, 1901. JameB
Hagert, a native of Arbroath, Scotland, aged
[^Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122. Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, r r t ;
KELLY— In Carson. City, August 18. 190L Mike
Kelly." husband, of Minnie \ Kelly, son . of
Michael and the late Catherine- Kelly, and
brother of Mrs. T. W. Donahue, Mrs. W. H.
Cowan, Mrs. George Howes and Mrs. P. F.
Grennan. a native cf Grass Valley. (Grass
Valley papers please copy.)
; \ f! ; " : .;DIED.- •] ;." ; "
Blniarz. Charles Rich. Joseph
Bowbeer, William B. Roth, Charles W.
-Cahill, Mre. • F. Schammel, . Henry
Galvln, Thos. -' A. J. ' ¦ Smith, William
Grlfflh, William F. T - Thomas. ? Bertram C
Gutmann, David .Tobin, Elizabeth
Hasert. James .Turpin. Juliet -V-;^
Kelly, Mike /. Weber, Joseph
Mclntyre, Mary S. Wille, Frederick W.
Pomeroy, Sheldon „ Zaro, Ernest -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Best Tea Pot
Finest English stoneware with
perforated stone infuser.
¦ 4 cup size $ .90
6 cup size 1. 00
8 cup size : ,1.10
How to make tea in the " Trilby V
v Scald out with hot water. Take *4
teaspoonful $1 tea for each cup desired,
place tea in infuser, set into tea pot, pour
on fresh boiling water, let steep 5 min-
utes, lift out infuser. The infused liquor
being free of leaves can stand all day
and remain sweet and clear.
We serve afternoons our new $ 1 Formosa
Oolong made in the «« Trilby " tea pot
1143 Market St, bet 7 & 8. Telphonc Mint 761
1 OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
v ¦" Steamers ¦ leave • - Broadway
Bfc^ ' Wharf, San Francisco:
TO»£L- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
KjSTgwjjL every fifth day. Change to
IB£Hu9siib company's steamers at Seattle.
i&L r2 !l Srifi»3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Hs*«ll:x»l C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
ElFniiTVjfgffl Tacoma, Everett. Anacnrtes
f^^^BMBaa and New "Whatc^m fWasti.) —
11 a. m.. every fifth day.
- Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Taeoma for N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay—1:3© p. na.
every fifth day. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
a. m, .
For Los Angeles, calling i at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayocos. Port Harford
<San Luis - Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and 'Newport ¦" ('Corona only >— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays,
9 a. m.
For Kr.senada, Magdalena Bay, San Jrm« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further . information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. sallinK' days and hours of sailing
¦without previous notice.
TICTCF5T OFKtCE-J New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. AirentB.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. &-/V..-CO.
Only Stonmnlilp Xilnw to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to nil
points East. Through ticket* to all
points, nil rnif ni» «tentn*Mn nnd rsl!, at
XiO wkst x«_a.*x < :e:s.
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH mad MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA
............ Sails Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
........ ......Sails Aur- 26. Sept. 5. 15. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgrm'y, S.K.
AMERICAN LINE.
H5W TOTtK. S0nTH\SS»T0K. M«90S. PASll
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From "New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul .....August »|St. Paul Sept IS !
St. Louis ..Sept 4 St. Louis .......Sept. 25 '
Philadelphia ...Sept. Ill Philadelphia ....Oct. 2
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwera.
TYom New Tork "Wednesdays, at M noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Kensington ....Sept. H
Frlesland ...'.August 28 Zeeland Sept 25 I
Southwark Sept. 4 Frlesland Oct. 1
Vaderland Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg., eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAKHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 u m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai • and
connecting at Hongkong I with steamers (or
India," etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing 1 .
SS. HONGKONG MARU
....; Wednesday. September 4 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27. 1801
BS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
O(^anics.s.co.isi"
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only.:...... "
......Saturday. August SI. 2 p. rn.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
- New Zealand And Australia
- Thursday. August 22, 10 a. m
S. S., AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti •
...... Wednpsdnv, September 11. 11) a. tn.
J. D. SPRECKEIS k BROS. CO., Ganeral Agents, 327 Hartet St
Een'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pisr Ko. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DB VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3 Pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. Sept. 31 COLOMBIA.... Sept. 14
PALEN A ........ Sept. 5 1 TUCAPEL Sept. 28
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American oassenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R. 'KV
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free. .
5. S. Argyll sails Friday, Auft. 223
6. S. Leelanaw, sails" < Aug.
6. S. Argyll sails . Sept. "
From Howard street at 2 p. m. . .
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F..F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAGNIS . GENEK ALE TRANSATLANTIC
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -' .^.^
Sailing, every Thursday, Instead' of «MrfCnfc
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, --3s*®aKi
North River, . foot of Morton street: La
Bretagne. August 29; La Champagne, Septem-
ber 5; *La Savoie," September 12; *L'Aquita!ne. :
September 19.*- ' " -.. v ¦ - ". - -:¦.•• .
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. • GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
CANADA. 32 Broad way, (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific
Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery • avenue, San
Francisco. Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket
Agents. •. • ?- I ¦ •
'Twin Screw Express Steamers. - ¦- :
BAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. $; NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or M05TICELL0 '¦
•"•' 8:45 , a! m.v ?:15" and; 8:30 p.m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., . 8:30 p. m. ¦ Leaves
Vallejo 7 &. m.. 12:30 ¦ noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. - Sbnday. 7 : a. m.. 4:15;p. m. Far* SO
cents.- Telephone Main -1508. Landing and of-
flce.~p!er ». Ml»slon-»t. dock. ¦ HATCH BRO3.
felyCiliiiiBrYeai
PALMISTRY.
3k?S. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and fa"ce
/Trading: lessons given. 617 Jones st. * '¦' ; , "
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open air night.
AHLBORN HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Best, $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. . 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
ROOMS TO -LET— Kara, antl Unfarn.
lioorns papered. $3 50 up: tinting & whitening.
Ilartmann Paint Co.. 3!S Third: tel. Red 3521.
PAIXTEIIS A>O DECORATORS.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
•family hotel; exceptional table; attr've rms.SCENES ATTENDING DEPAR
TURE OF GOLDEN GATE
COMMANDERY.
Mrs: Dora Schwartingr, midwife, 510
Eddy street, who was convicted by a jury
in Judge Mogan's court Tuesday on the
charge of cruelly beating a little girl, An
nie Keller, appeared for sentence yester
day. The Judge said he would take Into
consideration the recommendation of the
Jury for leniency ana sentenced her to pay
a fine of $100. with the alternative of fiftv
days In the County Jail. Her attorney
A. P. Black, gave notice of appeal after a
motion for a new trial had been denied
Dora Schwarting Sentenced.
Deals with San Francisco and Califor
nia as the greatest summer resort in the
world. Finest illustrated magazine in the
"West. Send it East. Call at information
bureau for it. or send 10 cents to the pas
senger department of the Southern Pa
cific Company. 4 Montgomery street.
mer Number of "Sunset" P
Have You Bead the Great Midsum-
A conviction Is expected in the cases
of all the men. who have been selling the
bills at par, except in the case of Perry,
who will be used as the Government's
witness.
Operating in Portland "With. 'Worth-
Chief Hazen of the United States secret
service bureau has been Informed of the
arrest of two men named Burke and Con
nors at Portland. Or., for passing State
Bank of Brunswick notes in that city.
Chief Hazen got on the track of the gang
about a week ago and detailed two opera
tives to proceed to Portland and shadow
Burke and Connors until sufficient evi
dence should have been secured to war
rant their conviction. The prisoners be
long to the Smith-Perry-Hagan gang, cap
tured last Saturday by Chief Hazen and
Operator MofEtt.
less Notes of the State Bank
of New Brunswick.
TWO MOEE OF THE GANG
OF BILL-PAESEES CAUGHT
What people want are good pictures and
plenty of them. Pictures have ceased to
be a luxury. They are a necessity. To
day no house is furnished that lacks pic
tures. They are as much of a necessity
as carpets on the floor. It is our duty
and pleasure to furnish good pictures at
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. * •
Good Pictures.
Attorney L. F. Young then asked for a
continuance on behalf of the defendant
until this morning, which was granted.
Arthur Callaghan identified the suit
which Stone wore when arrested by Spe
cial Officer Helbush as one belonging to
him which was stolen from his residence
on the night of July 6.
Mrs. Hammond in a quiet, interesting
•way described 2iow Stone came Into her
bedroom, and told of the various 'incidents
following the entrance of her daughter
Florence. Stone said he only -wanted
money, and she pointed to her purse and
he took $20. all that was in It. She posi
tively identified Stone as the burglar. Mrs.
Hammond was followed by Marie Doke,
her maid, who \ras asked to show the bur
glar out of the front door. Stone, she tes
tified, had the lower part of his face cov
ered ¦with a handkerchief, but as he
stepped outside the door he removed the
handkerchief and bade the maid "good
night." She had a good look at his face
and positively Identified Stone as the man.
The preliminary examination of Robert
Etone. alias Herbert Thompson, the "gen
tleman burglar." on two charges of bur
glary -was commenced before Judge Con-
Ian yesterday. He was charged with
breaking into the residence of Mrs. A. B.
Hammond. 2610 Jackson stnsct, on the
night of July 5. and the residence of Ar
thur Callag-han, 2613 Pacific avenue, the
following night.
Doke, Her Maid, Give Their
Testimony.
Sirs. A. B. Hammond and Marie
PKELIMIHABY HEAHING
OF "GENTLEMAN" BITItGLAiR"
It was learned by Detective Reynolds
that McKeon came here from Sunol re
cently with a man named Thornton. He
¦went to work Monday grading a lot on
Twenty-second street. "VVhile w.alking up
Twenty-second street after quitting time
four men attacked him. He was left ly
ing on the sidewalk, and up to t.be time
he lost consciousness on Third stroet had
been roaming about the city in a dazed
condition.
The surgeons found that McKeon was
suffering from a fracture of the eighth
rib on the left side, two lacerated wounds
of the chin, an abrasion of the right nand
and contusions of the face. The wounds
were dressed and he was ordered held for
observation. He died within an hour and
his body was sent to the Morgue, where
an autopsy will be held to determine the
exact cause of ueath.
Peter -McB'.eon, an elderly man, -was
found unconscious by Detective Ed O'Dea
yesterday aft^noon near the corner of
Third 'and Hunt streets and died at the
Central Emergency Hospital about an
hour after he wus brought In for treat
ment. While, the l surgeons were examin
ing him he regained "consciousness and
informed Officer Conlon that on Monday
night he had been knocked down, beaten
and robbed of $26. -He said he had no
<4dea who his . assailants were. The as
sault occurred, shortly \ after dark, near
the corner of Twenty-second and Alabama
streets. -• ¦ . r ,
Victim Wanders Streets in
Dazed Condition Until
He Falls Fainting.
Peter McKeon Dies From
Injuries Inflicted by
Mission Thugs.
FOOTPADS KILL
AN ELDERLY MAN
' Jefse Moore Whiskeys are famous the world
over for purity - and i flavor ¦ as ¦ well"; as for all
the other qualities that make good < whiskey. *
As cash -is never accepted In the Fed
eral courts for, bail It is belived that Dlm
mick has arranged with a surety company
to furnish bonds for his release. In such
cases surety companies usually require
the amount of the bail to-be deposited
with them In cash. ¦•.... ,.-'-.
On the opening of United- States Court
Cpmmissioner j Heacock's j court' yesterday
Woodworth -moved that.. the. amount of
bail should be increased from .$18,250, .the
sum named by the Commissioner, to $37,
000, the original sum stated. Judge Hea
cock thereupon visited Judge de. Haven in
his chambers and when he resumed his
seat upon the bench announced . that he
would allow the bail to remain as It stood,
but that if the United States Attorney, in
the event of Dimmick's release on. bonds,
should - give reasons why additional bail
would be demanded ' the court '} would toe
willing to entertain ' the proposition.
WOodworth announced that' his prin
cipal witness. Chief Hazen of the United
States Secret Service Bureau,. was absent
'in the southern part'of the "State and he'
therefore moved for an- adjournment un
til Friday at 10 o'clock. An adjournment
until that day and hour was had, Collins
excepting.
Mint Superintendent Frank Leach swore
"to an additional complaint i yesterday
against Dimmick,- in which ; the- prisoner
is accused of ' the "embezzlement of $1385
from the Mint., This is said to be another
transaction in which = Dlmmick '• withheld
money and afterward returned .it. ;¦•;¦
Dimmick took awalk about town yes
terday afternoon with -Deputy- United
States Marshal Gamble In the effort to
obtain bondsmen. He informed Marshal
Shine on returning that he expected to be
able to give bonds this morning. He ap
pears worried and harassed and the strain
of. the situation is perceptibly telling upon
his nerves. The light and jaunty manner
that was conspicuous before his' arrest
has given ¦ way to a more, serious ¦ mood
as he realizes that :the secret service. de
tectives have woven a mesh about: him,
through which it. will, be .almost impos
sible to break. ¦.-.; -. •. ..;/. . \.
United - States . Attorney . Woodworth
gained an important , advantage in the
prosecution against .Walter N. Dlmmick,
late chief clerk of the Mint, ' when United
States \ District Judge de. Haven, refused
last Tuesday, to lower. Dimmick's ball.
Judge de. Haven's decision. on -the appli
cation of Attorney George J>. Collins for
a' writ 'of habeas corpus ¦ on .the ground
that the bail was excessive, declared that
in such cases the authorities favored fix
ing the bail at a* sum equal ; to '• that ¦ al
leged to have been embezzled by the de
fendant. ' ¦• ' ' ¦ • ' "' ; ' • : ' ' '.
intendent Leach.
• • •••
Another Complaint Is
Sworn to by Super-
CLERK DIMMICK
WILL GET BONDS
NEW TIGER VANQUISHES
PET OF RINGLING'S CIECTJS
Desperate Battle Bet-ween 'Big Ani
mals Is Stopped by Torch and
Hot Irons.
Victor, the big tiger which Is one of the
attractions of Ringling Bros.' circus and
has met all comers until a few days ago,
met his match soon after the circus train
crossed the borders of California. A com
mon looking scrub tiger was picked up
somewhere along the route and was put
In the same cage with Victor.
For a few days all went well, but Victor
grew more and more sulky. Last Tues
day, while a majority of the menagerie
hands were at dinner. Victor and the un
known got into a dispute and hair and
paws flew around the cage for several
minutes. Headkeeper Stephens rushed to
the cage and endeavored to stop the fight,
which he finally succeeded in doing, with
a lighted torch and a bar of redhot iron:
A close partition was run into the cage
and one animal forced on either- side.- Tl-e
new tiger contentedly sat on his haunches,
while Victor, vanquished, sulked In his
corner, refusing to eat. His body Is" a
mass of scars and scratches, while the
new tiger looks but little the worse for
his ' encounter. " -- - - -
Robbed a Sea Captain.
• John C. Doherty, a longshoreman, was
arrested yesterday morning by Detective
Ed Gibson, and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny. He is ac
cused, along with five others^ of stealing
a gold watch and $360 from Captain P. Ol
sen of the schooner Lizzie Vance. Olsen
and six men entered a saloon at Third
and Brannan streets shortly before 1
o'clock Tuesday morning. They had two
rounds of drinks, and as they were noisy
and fighting among themselves the night
bartender ordered them to leave. About
five minutes later Olsen returned to the
saloon covered with mud and one of his
eyes blackened. He said he had been
robbed. The watch was found upon
Doherty. who said he picked it up In front
of the saloon. Gibson is. trying, to find
the other five men.
Lippmannn Abrams Discharged.
i Lipmann j Abrams • - appeared Tuesday
before United States Court : Commis
sioner Heacock for examination, on a
charge of having purchased Government
property from soldiers and others. The
complaint under which Abrams had been
arrested was sworn to on information
and belief. As the Government authori
ties had no personal knowledge of his
guilt they declined to swear to a -new
complaint on knowledge, and Abrams
was discharged. A decision was handed
down recently by a Federal court to the
effect that complaints on "information
and belief are not valid.
Work on the" Coast Division,
. Manager . Herbert of the Southern Pa
cific has just returned to the city after a
tour -of inspection over the Coast division.
He reports, rapid progress . in the work
being done between Santa Barbara and
.Ventura.. Nearly 400 men are at work re
pairing curves and adjusting ! grades" and
the old sixty-pound rails are being- taken
out and replaced by- new eighty-pound
ones. It is expected that the work will
be finished -about the first of October,
when the through freight and passenger
traffic will be routed over that division in
stead of passing over the San Joaquin di
vision, as at present. -
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it.*
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted to
Alanson Lewis from Helen Lewis for de
sertion, Martha C. Benjamin from Charles
F. Benjamin for cruelty, Sarah Pearl Gale
from ; Benjamin P. Gale for. cruelty, Ross
Stephens from Cyrus Stephens for cruelty
and Mamie Woolsey from Henry Woolsey
for cruelty. ¦: : --
¦ Suits for divorce have been filed by Etta
"W: Monroe -against : George Monroe for
desertion, Ellen ? Burns against Frank
Burns . for cruelty, Emma Kohn against
Benjamin Kohn for failure to provide and-
Mildred F. Becker' against Amandus B-.
Becker for cruelty.
Bartender Cut .in a Row.
' '.: Last : evening • ' John ':¦ Callahah, ' a . bar
tender;; at Dennis ; . Cronin's" saloon, 120
Third I street, attempted to put - Nicholas
Morris -.and Joseph Kelly, two young
roughs,/ out of the place. A < free flght
ensued- and f Callahan was stabbed | in I the
arm.' ¦• Morris and Kelly were arrested by
Officer t Philip I Frahar and | Special I Officer
Con. Kelly and- booked on a charge of as-;
sault'to, murder.* Callahan's • wound : is
not serious. v -:=:;-
Eminent commander, "Eminent Sir Harvey D.
Loveland; generalissimo. Sir Robert B.' Moore:
captain general. Sir - Robert \V. Campbell ;
senior warden. Sir Robert Ash; junior warden.
Sir A. W. McKenzle: adjutant, Sir E. S- Bean;
surgeon. Eminent Sir James M. .Gassaway;
quartermaster and commissary. Sir Theodore
ner, W. A. Davies. Dr. G. T. Chalmers, Charles
Evans, -J. S. Howell,; Dr. Louis Gillman, George
Mack, C. J. Foster, Mrs. Mervine, , Captain H.
G. Purinton, F.. A. Fuller, Mr. and Mrs. W»
"W. Stone- and Miss. Stone: .- , . ; .
The following -named are the officers of
the pilgrimage: . = • -
This lightening of the cargo gave the
brakes a chance and the car was brought
to a standstill. A return was made to
pick up the injured passengers. 1 who were
taken to St. Luke's Hospital. There
their Injuries, which consisted of. a few
scalp wounds and a bruise or two, were
attended to.
Trolley car N.o. 42. of the San Francisco
and San Mateo line ran away from the
motorman yesterday afternoon -while de
scending the . Chenery-street . incline
south of Thirtieth street: It rounded the
curve at Thirtieth street with a heavy list
to starboard and bucked three passengers
into the street. Near the second turn, at
San Jose avenue, the brakes got the bet
ter of the momentum and the car stopped.
The motorman applied the brakes at the
beginning of the incline, but owing to
the slippery condition of the rails and the
weight of humanity aboard the car they
failed to hold. When it became evident
that the car was beyond control panic,
reigned among the passengers, but the
speed was too great for any attempt to
seek safety In jumping off. Rounding the
Thirtieth-street curve the inner wheels
were lifted completely off the track. The
motormon did not have time to say "Look
out for the curve" and three passenger's
riding on the front dummy landed, more
or less disastrously, In the street.
Street Chute With Rather Dis
astrous Kesult.
Trolley No. 42 Shoots the Chenery
BTTNAWAY ELECTRIC CAB
BUCKS OFF FASSEHGEHS
FRIDAY. AUGUST 30.
General sightseeing— side trips.. Au revoir."
Grand display of Kentucky horses and ex
hibition of speed at New Jockey Club race
track. Reception by Grand Commandery of
Kentucky. River excursions, afternoon and
evening, j Grand ball, Horse Show bulldine,
7:30 p. m.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 29.
Grand parade, 9 :30 a. m. sharp, escorting
officers of the Grand Encampment to their
meeting place. Welcome to the Grand En
campment . by the reception committee and
municipal authorities. Old-time Southern plan
tation entertainment, grand Cakewalk, buck
and wing dancing and negro specialties. Horse
Show building, river front, between Sixth and
Seventh streets, 7 :30 p. m.
?v v "WEDNESDAY. AUGUST^ 28. '.;%,-,
Competitive prize drill at New Jockey Club
track; the impesing feature of the encamp
ment. Large prizes are offered and a "Court
of Beauty" awaits to award them to. the vis
itors. Reception by Grand Commandery of
Kentucky. ¦ A number of balls and receptions
and moonlight excursions on the Ohio River
in the afternoon and evening. Exhibition drill
by competitive commanderies' and ¦ award ¦ of
prizes at Horse Show building at 7:30 p. m.
Reception by visiting commanderies.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 27.
Reception of incoming .commanderies and
their assignment to their respective quarters.
In the evening "open house" will be kept for
all visiting Knights by the Grand Commandery
of Kentucky at the Custom House, Fourth and
Chestnut streets. '
MONDAY/AUGUST 26.
Divine service at the Broadway Methodist
Episcopal Church (South). U a. m., "which will
be attended by officers of the Grand Encamp
ment and be conducted by the Very Eminent
and Reverend C. C. W. Coxe, D. D., grand
prelate of the order.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 25.
The route of the pilgrims is the follow
ing: San Francisco to Ogden -by the
Southern Pacific, to Denver, by the Den
ver and Rio Grande. Western, to St. Louis
by the Burlington arid Missouri.. Hannibal
and -St. Joseph and St. Louis.- Keokuk
and Northwestern.: to Louisville by. the
Baltimore and Southwestern. ;
The following is the programme" for the
conclave session: * ...
Programme for the Conclave.
Reichert; assistant quartermaster and commis
sary, Sir A. J. de Lamar; paymaster, Eminent
Sir Robert McMillan. ¦ > - •
Grand Commander of the State of California
George B. McKee. escorted by the command
ery, J. E. Bennett, W. D. Sanborn, Mrs. A.
W. McKenzie, Mrs. Z. J. de Lamar, Mrs. W.
S. Gage, Miss Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. George
Lippmar.. Miss McCauley, Mrs. de Goursey, Mr.
and Mrs. W. M. Petrle, Mrs. L. A. .Arzner,
Mrs. W. J. Blain, ¦William Sexton, Mrs. For
derer and daughter, Mrs. Heidt, Miss O'Brien,
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Turpln, Mr. and Mrs. O.
P. H. Sheets. Mrs. Rauch. E. R. Stock, Dr.
and Mrs. J. H.. Hatch. Mr. Dewey. Mrs. Mas
ters. Dr. Johnson, Mrs. Kenney, Mr. and Mrs.
Hart, Mrs. Warsham, son and daughter. J.
W. Long, Mr. Cruzner, J. Jeffries. S. H. Wag :
They were accompanied by the folio
ing named Sir-Knights and ladles: *
Eminent Sir 'William Edwards, commandant;
Sir R. B. Moore, senior warden; Sir E. S. Bean,
junior warden. Sir Knights— R. W. Campbell,
William Glinderman, R. Ash. M. Parrlsh. C.
L. Gage. W. J. Blaln. H. S. Hutchlns. A. J.
de Lamar, F. P. Bull, Robert McMillan, J.
EL Strachan, G. L. Darling. W. F. Waterson,
R. H. Moubary, G. R. Armstrong, J. R. Aitkin,
M. Ryan. A. W. McKenzle. A. C. Soule. Theo
dore Frolich, W. R. Phillip, L. . A. Arzner, J.
Maderson, W.' S. " Gage. G. W. Lippman, A.
B. Wood. J. Biller.
The members of the drill corps who left
the golden shores of California and who
are to take part in the competitive drill
In the lake-bound city are:
Those Who Will Visit Louisville.
\* kvRECEDED by a band with the
I j\ American flag and the beauseant
l"^ of the Knights Templar gayly
Jt flying. Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16, Knights Templar, to
gether with its drill corps, famous
wherever the order is known, left the
Asylum on Sutter street yesterday after
noon and marched to the ferry to take
boat and cars for the Triennal Conclave
that opens on the 27th inst. at Louisville,
Ky. The many sword bearers were fol
lowed by carriages in which rode grand
and past grand officers of that branch of
the Masonic fraternity. The mascot of the
commandery, a black cub in a wooden
cage, accompanied the Knights. The pro
cession attracted a great deal of atten
tion along the line of march and at many
points the Knights were wished a pleas
ant journey. They were especially en
joined to bring back the first prize to be
competed for during the conclave. A large
number of the friends of the members ac
companied them to the Oakland mole
where there was a hearty parting.
> Miss Ackerman was resting easily in
the hospital ward at a late hour la'st
night. The doctors do not expect a fatal
result from her injury, but are confident
that she will never again be able to see.
They were obliged to remove the right
eye and the other is so badly damaged
that nothing but a miracle can save it.
"That broke my heart," said Miss Ack
erman last night, "so I took a pistol I
found in the house, went to my room and
shot myself."
"She shouldhave kept her month shut,"
was Byrnes' comment.
"I wish she'd done it at home," said the
girl's sister,. Mrs. Byrnes.
In spite of this evidence of her lover's
¦weakness she determined to give him an
other chance. He was very drunk and
the first thing was to get him sober. She
persuaded him to He down In one of the
rooms in the Schmitt residence and In a
few minutes King was busy sleeping him
self back into a right state of mind. It
was a big "drunk" and necessitated a
long sleep. He might have been on the
premises yet had .not Miss Ackerman's
brother-in-law -discovered his presence
and ordered him out. He went.
* Because her brother-in-law objected to
her method of curing her lover of the li
quor habit Etta' Ackerman, a 17-year-old
girl,, last night tried to- blow out her
brains with a revolver. The scene of the
attempted suicide was , the residence of
Charles A. Schmitt, 1609 Franklin street.
The shot destroyed the girl's right eye
and Chief Surgeon Bunnell, who attended
her injuries at the Central Emergency
Hospital, believes that while she prob
ably will not die she will lose the sight
of the remaining eye.
The Schmitt family is out . of town.
Peter Byrnes, who is employed at a liv
ery barn at 1629 Pine street, was in charge
of the Schmitt residence. He and his wife
and Miss "Ackerman, who is his wife's
sister, took up their abode there during
the family's absence.
Miss Ackerman, who came . down from
Stockton a few weeks ago to, visit her
sister, made the acquaintance soon after
her arrival here . of James King. The
story ' of this acquaintance and its re
sults Miss Ackerman related in "a state
ment ¦ made last ' night at the Receiving
Hospital. It was a case of love at first
sight between herself and King, she said.
King, however, had one serious fault.
He drank. Before the acquaintance was
many days old she decided, she said, to
become engaged to him, but before plight-
Ing her troth determined to eradicate, if
possible, his love of liquor. King braced
up and until Tuesday last remained faith
ful to a pledge of. total abstinence. .He
called on her Tuesday evening, however,
very much the worse for drink. .
Schxnitt Residence, 1609
Franklin Street. Scene
of Shooting.
Etta Ackerman Sends a
Bullet Through Her
Bight Eye.
STOCKTON GIRL
BLINDS HERSELF
THE SAI* FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST ?2, 1901;
Friends of Golden Gate Commandery and Drill Corps; Accompany
the Members to Oakland and Wish Them a Pleasant Journey to
the Sunny South and a Safe arid Speedy Return Trip Home
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR IN TRAPPINGS
GAY DEPART FOR CONCLAVE CITY
12
fCREAT BREAKJ
|PRICEST[
5K ft A ST 'or. ?6 00 SILK WAISTS, best
• vvf •TtF.sllks,. newest styles, latest col-
-orings; only about 50 Waists to sell.
OCTf. for what's" left* of '.oiir 75c WO-
OOy MEN'S- SHIRT WAISTS._
7J»r ' or *1 25 quality : BLACK MER-
* «Jw •CERIZED SATEEN ' "WAISTS
tucked front and back, lined throughout;
alzes 32 to 44. " •
CLOSING OUT
Women's Summer Wrappers,
40c for 75c WRAPPERS.
G5c - for %t 00 WRAPPERS. *
O5e for ?1 23 WRAPPERS.
91.15 for' fl 50 WRAPPERS.
Wrappers lined, trimmed with braids or
linen lace, - flounced or plain, sizes 32 to
46; all .wrappers, made of good Percale.
A.GLc' --'or fl 00 WOMEN'S ACCORDEON
.TUVj. PLEATED CRASH" UNDER-
\ rjK.IRTS. ' -' . *" ' "" '-'
QQ/> for : BOc BOTS' • OR - GIRLS'
"ZV C HEAVY 8 GINGHAM 'APRONS
'/, Bizes/4 ;to".12. / • „ . , ¦¦;• - V.
A.G r* '¦ ' f ° r WOMEN'S TENNIS • FLAN-
f+C5U. NEL "NIGHT GOWNS, cut full
rand long. ¦ ¦ . - r *.. ¦ • .;
1 9 J r ¦ '" ! f or 2Oc BOYS' HEAVY RIBBED
\Z,iK,. COTTON HOSE, double knee
j heel and toe; sizes 6 to 10. '
• WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones. ,{¦
¦¦¦tAkikUwMv. • • , CUT XIIXS OUX* "-
The 18th Stone To-Day : K\M
¦ \J 5-1 w^ ¦ f^a >£/ ;s^ al
- : .:--'>y «•* *^*^\ # .;. , *" |« sV
There's no sameness tq what we do or what we^have or what j | ||
we give. Store doings are always interesting^ It's'more than a | I in
selling places — a show place .for what's new in the realm of tash- $5 \\»j
ion. Just now dress fabrics and trimmings, new fall millinery [| |ij
and suits and wraps are exciting much comment. j i ir
222C Bleached Sheeting 17c. 11
Full 9-qnartep width, or 81 inches. - i ill
It's what we sell every day. Even at 22j/£c it's given us an 1 1 fi|\AJ
enviable fame. We can't give you a better quality at 22j^c. So §;
what, a big value it is at 17c— five and a half cents cheaper than g UJil
it ever has been. before or is likely to be soon again. \
Other extra offers in sheeting: . . X \
Bleached Sheeting: | j
. — 15c for 20c grade — 8-quarier or 72 inches wide. 1 I
—17c for 22%c grade — 9-quarter or 81'ir.ches wido. | '']
19c for 25c grade — 10- quarter or 90 inches wide. |
Unbleached Sheeting: S|
—16c for, 20c grade — 9-quarter or 81 inches wide. Sfv J
J —18c for 22*4c grzde — 10-quar^e'- or 90 inches wide. &\
/££%/ GREAT DOINGS EM \N^^-/^T \^
±f Silverware.
„ \/ ¦ Some o« Cur Best — '^^
,d!l____^ -«. August News. lL^^^^^\
*-* I ¦ ' »» >/• '''.!¦>' U -
fjfinri "Belt Pins. 5c— and you can pick from a very large lnf{irf_
"V-Yr. " assortment, all colors, in settings, and they are all J 'J 'i J *JM
\A///f silver plated. .Fine, worthy showy pieces and only flT\/
**'** a nickel apiece. , _**'«T
' Bae Tot>s OSc— Oxjdlzed and sliver gray; large ' 1
assortment of new and latest designs. _
Fln^nnm*, Sterling- Silver Hair Brashes 81-25 — A fine /Jf/imnf.
CCOI7O/UV English bristle, well made. We have marked ** VMIJi-
* them down from $1.79 to $1.25. We didn't have //iOCC
\ to do It; we wanted you to think more of us. i*\*>su
. : .Whisk Brooms 48c— and the very best quality.'
y-» solid ebony handles, sterling: silver mountings. _
L*O-O0f k n' Sterling- Silver Pieces OSc— Sugar Shells. Bon Vy/jW"
bong# cream and Cold Meat Forks, all gold lined J i^ VY t
ClTlOfl bowls; are fashionable plece3. very latest designs, fytom '
I If we were not anxious to get you acquainted with ' **
__________^ ¦ our silverware section we would not think of
r-t ¦./ 'asking such low prices as these. /• ,
tntllUS aoeer's Tea Spoons 15c-Sllver plated, satin CQfgjTnl.
. * M or plain finish. r shell or Windsor patterns; an A-l yjtst *s*ut
laSltl quality. It would astonish you if we told you tlfiCC
how many of these spoons were sold in the last *«l?*^O
j few days. And yet you would not be astonished ' .
. either if you came and saw how much you get for _
*5tl((fy Sterline- n Inver Cuff Buttons 19c-The link kind. IfOJlCBft-
•r hard enameled; they have been selling right along ff¥tr//in
I at 50c, but they have suddenly taken a drop to 19c. •-* *** its**
¦ Chatelaine Chain Purses SS2.OO— German silver, '
in silver and silver gray finish, set with turquoise, »-
*77L«, ,*% / pieces are all hard soldered. They are very popu- rlfinfx\/
iMClVGJ . lar. that's why we are not getting as much as we ¦* nT »£
might. We want to fix it so as many of you will gX/9f*f\
j get in touch with the jewelry section as possible. *-"«* w \
Thorough Hemstitched Handkerchiefs 5c. \Good
WflCv Some cf Them Havs Hand-embroidcrcd Initials. d~* *\*% *£***><'
"***<y TO-T> A Y WH^E FIRST TIME-It's a better UOOOShS
: " ' value than it seems. The handkerchiefs are of a fine ' E-i
• - quality and perfectly made; sometimes you have' seen poor I -
AfJ\/£}f-* handkerchiefs as cheap as this, but we never ' gave you \aTj-%.
S~*€/ YKsf - such good ones before for 5c : 3600 of them go on sale to- Wo >.
"Tiaiyi f? d ay * Some of them have colored borders, some of them "\ T m FT
liOing initials. All of them are big values at 3c. \sjJJ
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATUBPAY.
WE ADVERTISE TO A1AK5
FRIENDS AND SELL GRO-
CERIES TO HOLD THEM.
Teas, 6 varieties, lb . . . 40c ,
Latest crop— fresh and fragrant.
Regularly 60c.
Clam Extract. 2-lbtin..l0c
Most excellent for Clam Broth.
Clam Soup. Clam Chowder and Fritters.
. Regularly 15c.
Tomato Catsup, pint bot 15c
"Ideal brand"— best and purest.
Regularly 20c.
Toilet Paper; 3 rolls. . .25c
¦'White "Wing"— first-class quality.
Regularly 2 for 23c.
) > raE~jT^OONA^I^ : uSJTTX^R^^oranco"\
SUNSET BED COUCH.
The best bed yet. In all colors of
Velours, with patent legs, -wide and
luxurious; occupies but small space
and is comfortable and ornamental
when not In use as a bed. Come In
and see them. "We furnish your house
complete — from top to bottom — and at
the most moderate prices, too. We pay
no rent— you profit thereby. I
The J. Noonan Furniture Company \
(Incorporated.) \
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET! (
Comb Honey, each. . . . .10e
Regularly 15c.-
Crystallized Ginger, 2Ibs 25c
Regularly 20c a pound.
WhisKey, bot 75c. 3 bots $2
Gallon $3.00
Chicken Cock Bourbon.
Guaranteed strictly pure.
Regularly ?1 00 and $4 00.
Eggs, 2 dozen. .45c
Guaranteed fresh.
Cigars?, "La Reputacion"
¦* Rothschilds. 4 for 25e
Box of 50 $3.00
Genuine Key "West Cigars.
Made from Havana Tobacco.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED-CATA-
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCK ION ST., near Market.
I TELEPHONE 1IAIN 55S2.
NO MORE 1
|/^\|^ CHAIR! I
§ "VAN VROOM" I
I PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, |
I (001 MARKET; Cor. 6th. |
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF,
Late Superintendent Physician City
and Countv Hospital.
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For LIQUO'R and MORPHINE HABITS.
Twenty Tears* Experience.
Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. .Office -Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis st.; near Powell. Hours. 10 to 12
a.m.. 2 to 4 p. m. »
BAJ A- CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18- A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
¦ The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits. ¦
,..: :- » NABEB, ALFS& BRUNB, Agents.
»3 Market St.. S. F.-(Send for Circulars.) .
( Above Sixth, San Francisco. )
\ We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday. \
Like a
Meteor
Flashing across the sky— the
dash of the
California
Limited
as it rushes across the conti-
nent to Chicago. Leaves San
Francisco 9 a. m. Monday and
Thursday, arriving in Chi-
cago at 3:15 p. m. Thursday"
and Sunday on the g
Santa Fe
¦ KtwSSSS k. « ¦¦¦ Mr _^j»
Wa B U Hi BfW Wwm CEu tt B fP* - P
k3 Ka* K??is r!?B £5 £v m4 "^3
Wi Pi E BK5 Vmtti Its rC3 "» w3swk XS
IMP .JQl Ml B^B i^^B>M flfaSi BSh^9 I Ku*M2Jf Bi
|Wcy JB Kgj IBM W*9 hL /^M
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR^Sfa
Five hundred reward lor any e^SS^^vii*
case we cannot cure. This secret E**" BBt$K
remedy stops losses In 24 hours. : ; fi 3
cures Emissions. Impotency. Varl- fejfl PHtW
cocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains. B*P| f*?ffl
Lost Manhood and all other wast- UkUJ liiili
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- R?Sa EK4
es. Sent sealed. {2 bottle: 3 bottles. uaSTMSctl
$5; guaranteed to cure any case. Addrjsa
HALL'S MEDICA1. INSTITXTTE. 855 ff^ia"
way. Oakland. Cat. Also for sala at
Market «t.. S. F. All prtvate disease* quickly
cured. Send for freo book. w>~*
'*3R«Siir' J^*W^ "^ )l to a11 who insist on th e "nest • '
I^^^i^/^V^ )/ quaIity in footwear, to those *V •
t?P**f ft \-\ Q^f who demand style and ex- '
m£l j£\ W*V I elusive shapes, to' those who , .
llFY P\ \ -^'{Ihp*^ are k ar^ to t an( * require #
HL v^^fi extreme ' sizes and widths, to '" A .^
|^Sv|l\ j.- those who Iike a shoe that is ?*3?
H Wf 'I ¦ R5^'VH made to last and give perfect comfort ¦
Waf'J 1 ' \\ Wh ' le !t lasts ~ our values call to all who &* j
1/ gt l)J ew Department % ?
7 y^Si ° f Sh ° eS f ° r Mcn and Wom en, for h>
/ WC have just rec( =ived extensive
/ s/&&9r«lm assortments . of the newest styles and cw
'•¦ Z§&W$ftJfi sha P e s of Oxfords and Boots in all =$
i #' WsJm/M materials— Box and Russia Calf. Vici <S*\
: M £WJ%wmMM K^« Patent Leather, etc. V
! lili B a 9 ¦ %.