with silver, and where it crosses the
wfWuMmerfflif tfmrt stinu »¦ ' isWn n in" lWMreert^igl
thrilling escape from death. . He tells
He alio fcai ¦ _ auiwtijr his collection
some murderous looking bolos, saber
like weapons, one edge of which is sharp
enough to ~ shave adman's face, and
which are fit companions for an im
mense cannon ball found the other side
1 of Fort Malate.
The regalia is heavily embroidered in
solid silver,^ for which, Mr. Cooper wa«
offered a goodly* sum by the native sil
versmiths in Manila.'. ; The/ most inter
esting piece r\% the •ilver^embroidered
shoulder : sash, iomewhat stained by
wear, of yellow *atin, richly incrusted
toeatt shines a six-pointed silver star of
openwork upon red- satin, the badge of
Aguinaldo's highest rank. Abroad belt
of yellow satin and silver, wide cuffs
of blue satin, spangled with silver, and
four decorations in the form v of silver
leaves,, which were worn . upon-.the
breast, are also parts of this glittering
insignia. Here are the great silver star
and hatband that decorated the som
brero and complete the' paraphernalia
which rendered Aguinaldo a gorgeous
figure when worn over his white suit at
dres* parade — for he never wore this
regalia over • a khaki uniform, ,
Mr. Cooper was offered large auras
from officers anxious to ¦ purchase this
regalia as a remembrance of Aguinaldo,
but*. declined, considering it the 'more
valuable from the -fact that only one
other such suit of regalia owned by Ag
uinaldo is known. According to a.cur T
rent army rumor that suit was presented
by. the insurgent leader Jto Major Gen
eral E. S. Otis and, is now-in-Wash-
ington.*
,. As a.scout.one of four sent out from
the front of the regiment to locate .the
insurrectos, Private-; Cooper had- 'a
his experience WITHy,; but graphically,
"When we were sent out the colpnel
.warned 'the . corporal who was with us
to watch out for Filipinos in ambush
while going down through the depth*
of , the bamboo jungle. But he was a
new man, eager for the fray and glory.
He followed his own way and led u*
straight into the teeth of three or four
hundred 'Goo-goos,' as we called tha
natives. Then came hot and bloody
work and before I .knew, it my com
rades were killed by. the natives' bolos.
At close quarters my horse was shot
through the breast and as he fell I made
a jump for another horse" from which
one of the boys had just fallen. As I
did so — ping! came another bullet, and
with a wound in my leg. I fell, into; a
jungle well about four feet deep, one
of the many surface wells dug by the
"natives anywhere and everywhere.
"As I fell I fired my pistol, which in
some way I had managed to keep free,
and the last I heard was the clatter of
the regiment behind as they came charg
ing down and put the 'Goo-koos* to
flight. But I was lucky to get nothing
.-.¦¦ . ¦ ¦.,:¦¦.¦¦¦_
worse than ten days in the hospital"
Piwtee*. But to hot was the pursuit
and so near did it come at one point
to capture that some of the ponies in
Aguinaldo's band were shot and the
leader threw away bundles of clothing
and other stuff in his mad desire to es
cape his pursuers.
It was in one of these critical mo
ments that Corporal Belding, a friend
of Cooper, picked up in the trail amid
the bamboo jungle a small bag 6f mus
lin which contained this regalia, a small
flag of the province of Vigan, and
wrapped in it a curious dagger with a
point of needle-like sharpness.
Bclding took out- the sash first, and,
it being similar to a decoration worn by
a priest, thought it belonged to one of
them, but hid the bag hurriedly for fear
the Fourth Cavalry, which was passing,
might get it. When he showed it to
his friend in the morning Cooper asked
him if he might take it and show it to
some one. Belding thereupon mado
him a present of the bag and its con
tent*.' t-
Cooper showed it to Captain Agnew
of the Eleventh Cavalry, who exclaimed
at once at sight of the red and silver
star: ' "Why, man, you've got a prize
there! That regalia is Aguinaldo's own,
for I have seen him wear it many, times
during dress parade before the out
break. I know that star."
Since then Mr. Cooper has treasured
the regalia jealously, and the pennant
.. ¦ ¦-¦ ¦
shaped flag of Vigan, and its embroid
ered sun, as well as the curious dagger,
are among his most prized relics of the
Philippine*. -;%^p
OK t retire* itrMt •* Lm Aaffriw
Utcb a gallant soldier bey just
returned from Manila who has
in his possession a relic that puts
in the shade, in point of romantic
interest and historic value, most of the
many souvenirs which have interested
Americans sinct the close of the war
with Spain. This relic would suggest a
tale of adventure and intrigue, of ro
mantic plots and hairbreadth escapes,
for it is nothing less than the regalia of
Aguinalao, the captured Filipino chief
tain.
Once it shone in all its splendor of
silver stars and lace upon the white dress
uniform of the island leader— now, by
the fortunes of war and flight, it is the
property of Private Richard H. Cooper,
a Santa Paula young man of Troop F,
Eleventh United States Volunteer Cav
alry, who returned to Los Angeles on
June 29 from the Philippines.
The Eleventh was the only United
States volunteer cavalry in service sine*
the Civil war, and Troop M of the E1«t
enth distinguished itself by its famous
charge at the battle of San Mateo, where
General Lawton lost his life.
Mr. Cooper tells an interesting, story
as to how this relic of a former foe came
into his hands.
Company G of the Thirty-seventh
United States Infantry started out in
pursuit of Aguinaldo ill February, 1900,
chasing him for ten days or more up
the mountains of Southern Lu
zon. They finally lost track of him aqd
went over the swamps into Camarinc*
HOW RICHARD H. COOPER
FOUND THE
RECALIA
OF AGUINALDORooms 9J th$ Jan franclsco iOhlst Club.
?* *T OTWITHSTAXDING the numer
/\ I ous theories published and the
I \I now almost universal practice of
V^ the science of whist as a science
and for amusement, it is a fact
that the majority of so-called good play
ers outside of whist clubs do not know the
alphabet,- as It may be termed, of the
same.
The reason of this T. Matthews, in his
fourth London edition, published almost
a century ago by Inskeep & Bradford,
New York (and the reason is a good one
to-day), says "that in all other arts and
Bciences no man but commences by mak
ing himself master of the first rudiments,
but the whist player in general gits down
to lose perhaps considerable numbers of
points without further preparation than
the having got a few general maxims by
rote, which from want of comprehending
he applies universally, and is consequently
much oftener wrong than right In their
application."
To beginners it Is absolutely necessary
to begin gradually, and before sitting
down to play at all they should make
themselves masters of the leads, at least,
and the reasons for them. When they
feel that they" have acquired some Insight
Into the theory let them begin to reduce
it to practice, with the strongest whist
players they can meet with. Beginning
to play with "weak" players who have
never read anything about the game will
prevent Improvement.
When a student of the game learns the
leads, the follow, management of trumps,
second, third and fourth hand play, the
signal for trumps, the echo, unblocking,
the suit echo, discarding, j forcing, finess
ing, underplaying, leading through • the
strong hand, leading up to weakness,
throwing the lead, counting the hands,
changing suits, the laws of whist, penal
ties and departing from rule he is tn a
lair way to become a good player from
practice.
ten and nine— are led from two combina
tions only (the ten from one and the nine
from three), the other cards being termed (
"low cards," and from all other comblna- .„ ,
Uons they are led as fourth. best cards.
The combinations pf bigh cards are as
fojlows: The ace is led from two combi
nations—ace and any four other cards or
more which do not include both king and
queen.
Ace, queen, knave and any one or more.
The ace marks five in suit or more/or
when led from the second combination
may have only four in suit.
The king Is led from two combinations
and marks a suit of exactly four cards
ace, k^ig and any. two; king, queen and
any ! two. , •
The queen 'is led from two combinations
and marks five or more in suit — ace, kiug,
queen und any two or more in which the
knave Is not included; king, queen and '*
any three or more in which the knave is
not included.
The knave is led from two combina
tions and marks five or more In suit.
Ace, king, queen, knave and any. one
or more; king, queen, knave and any two
or more.
The ten is led from one combination
oi:ly and marks five or more in suit.
Queen, knave, ten and any one or more,
including the nine, as a small card.
The nine is led from three combinations ¦
and shows exactly, four in suit in two
combinations— ace, queen, ten, nine; ace,
knave, ten, nine; king, knave, ten, nine
and one or more small. . ¦
It must be understood that the leads
are for plain suits only. Trumps; are not
led the same originally, unless you hold
three honors with one, 'two or three more
small, with five trumps, headed by, the
ace. the rest smaller than the queen;
: the. lead here would be the fourth best. - .
If, however, you have seven trumps, ace
•at the top, lead, out , the ace, as the
chances are in favor o,f bringing down
an honor on the; first round. . ¦
Never lead a singleton • as an original
lead. If you have a weak suit of trumps
and think to ruff- the suit on the second
round, your opponents, if strong players,
will detect your intention and if they take
the trick will lead out your trumps. Had
you waited until 'some one else. led that T » ¦•
suit your poverty in it would hot have
been known on the first round and your ,
chances would be much better of obtain- ."'
Ing the ruff. . Had you led the singleton, •
.besides telling your - partner a "whist ".."
falsehood" you might have "killed"-- a'
good card in his hand. Your lead said to "
partner in the conversation of the cards,
"This is my best suit." . ,
The next lesson will take up the lead of
the fourth best - ? r^'-C
Whist, besides being a pastime, tends
to increase social intercourse and is some
thing more. It brings into action facul
ties of observation, judgment and knowl
edge of character. It can be played by
people of advanced age when more active
pursuits are denied them.
If whist were only a mere pastime It
never would occupy the place it now holds
or would never be reckoned among the
sciences by such intelligent men and
women as it now is. "
We will endeavor to take up each part
of the game and explain it In a manner
to make it understood to the beginner, as
based upon the system of leads known as
American leads, for which we are indebt
ed to the literature of the game and some
practice.
Many persons consider that a very good
memory is necessary in order to play whist
well. Poor memory is really lack of ob
servation, You must observe every card
played; otherwise you must not blame
your memory. Do not study your hand
while playing: arrange it in the order of
play, keeping the trumps always in the
same place, and you will never be at a
loss to' know what the trumps are. After
you have arranged your cards in their
order and have taken note of their
strength or weakness, watch each card as
it falls from your opponents' and partner's
hand and draw your'inferences then to be
used later in the same.
Having set rules for leads, etc., is for
the purpose of imparting information to
your partner as to the strength or;weak
ness of your hand to enable both players
to combine forces and thereby play twen
ty-six cards instead of thirteen. The orig
inal leader is the first player' after the
cards have been dealt, and although the
leads apply to all the first' leads it does
not bear the same responsibility. The ad
vantage of the original lead is that you
can develop the game in any direction
you choose. So being the original leader
you are responsible for the play that fol
lows. ¦ Therefore it behooves you to choose*
a card that will tell your partner the chief
component of your hand. ' ,
All strong whist players open from their
longest and strongest suits. Kxperience
has demonstrated that this is usually
best. The card to lead is the one that will
at once afford the most information. It
follows if partners adopt the same sys
tem they are enabled to combine their
forces and ¦ really play a partnership
game.
The American lea'ds are now adopted by
the best players all over the world. Stu
dents should make themselves so familiar
with this rule so as to know at a glance
what to lead. Each of the following
"high cards"— ace, king, queen,' knave,
ten and nine, with : the • exceptions of the
*=jF*HIS 1b the flrBt of a series of six
II articles on whist to be published,
*^ one each week, in The Sunday
CalL These papers have been Epecial
ly written for The Call by Mrs.
Adolph Hess, a member of the San
Trancisco Whist 'Club, and one of tlis
most experienced players in this city.
Mrs. Bess has purposely kept her
writing free from technical expres
sions, except those absolutely neces
sary to a complete understanding of
this delightful game and its scientific
points. Her articles, therefore, will
be highly beneficial to those begin
ners "who wish, to play a good game
cx wnis u
FIRST OF A SERIES OF ARTICLES THAT WILL TEACH YOU TO PLAY A GOOD GAME OF WHIST
£-p#HERE IS a plague of grasshoppers
I In the West and Southwest, and
I farmers are much alarmed. Start
1 ling reports on the BUbject are com-
JL Ing in from New Mexico, Colorado,
Wyoming and Nebraska,. but the situation
In Southern Texas Eeems'to'be worse than
anywhere else. One correspondent says
that "the wheat fields are alive with 'hop
pers';" another states that "desolation is
Imminent," and a third, writing from
Xorth Platte, Neb., remarks that this is
the third year of the pest in that region.
The Government is doing what it can to
mitigate the misfortune, and to that end is
adopting- a new and very extraordinary
means for combating the insect swarm*.
Under the direction of Professor L. O.
Howard, chief of the bureau of entomoj
ogy. It Is putting up In bottles disease
germs of a fungous kind, deadly to grass
hoppers, and is 6ending them to parts of
the country where the damage threatens
to be particularly severe.
The fungus is obtained In South Af
rica, where it has been used with great
success recently, vast armies of grass
hoppers being literally wiped out by it.
It is propagated artificially by applying
a bit of it to a sterilized preparation of
gelatin and blood serum, on which the
germs multiply rapidly. .Thus, prepared,
the "cultures" are sent out in glass' tube?
corked with absorbent c6tton~and sealed
with red wax, each one being enclosed
in a pasteboard cylinder. Directions for
use accompany the package.
In Colorado last summer there was an
outbreak of fungus disease among grass
hoppers, and quantities of the dead in
sects were shipped to Washington and
utilized there for making "cultures." A
whitish, threadlike growth on the bodies
of the victims furnished the requisito
germs. These "cultures" have been dis
tributed during the iireeent year in Colo
rado, experimentally, while the disease
from South Africa Is being tried in Texts.
On receiving a bottle of the fungus, the
farmer - is directed by an accompanying
printed slip to put a number of live gra=h
hoppers in a wooden box, together with a
portion of the germ material. They will
quickly become infected, when he niay lib
erate all but half a dozen or so.
Thfcse^wbsn dead, will serve to commu
nicate the disease to other living grass
hoppers placed in the box for that pur
pose. The box should, be covered with
slats to admit air. and (some grass should
be put in also, dampness encouraging .tlitf
growth of the fungus. As fast ag they aro
infected the "hoppers" are set* free in the
fields to distribute the plague among their
fellows.
The grasshopper is one of themestseri
ous problems encountered by the farmer
in the West. Owing to the settlement, of
great areas which formerly were its per
manent breeding grounds, producing reg
ular and enormous crops of the voracious
IK'Jst.s every year, the inject no longer h i
pears fn those devastating swarms and
devour everything green. But even nowa
days not a season passes that the "h-jp
1 r»" do not appear in alarming num
b'ts'in some parts of the country,- de
stroying the crops and bringing great Io3s,
or even ruin, to the helpless agricultu
rist.
In former times the grasshoppers some
times appeared in swarms multitudinous
almost beyond belief. Twenty-six years
ago the Bfg and Little Blue Rivers, tribu
taries of the Missouri, were crossed at
numerous places by vast bodies of the in
sects, which would, proceed to the water*)
edge and begin Jumping in, one upon -an
other, until they actually pontooned the
stream. ; ' '-' :
Two of these hosts chanced to meet, one
moving eastward and the other westward,
on a river bluff in the same locality, and,
both turning their course together, down
ward from a perpendicular cliff thirty feet
high, -they passed over it in a sheet six or
seven inches thick, with a rearing noise
like that of a "cataract of water. It is
stated on reliable authority that grass
hoppers have been seen to twim over the
Dniester Itiver in Europe, for a 3tretch
of one and a quarter miles, in a layer
more than a foot thick.
Nothing ehort of lire will check the
progress of a** array of grasshoppers on
the march. Yfater, unless In wide rivers,
is no#bar to their progress. Before their
advance the unfortunate farmers are well
nigh helpless. The^ plague arrives, and lo!
as if by magic, the crops are swept from
the face of the earth/ -,,'.,:,.'. , .
As for the "hopper^y- they' sow their owji
crop, planting in one season the egg's
which are to be hatched in the next. The
female drills a hole in the ground with
the horny tip of her abdomen, and in this
she 1ay8 about twenty eggs, which are
bound together in a mass with mucus ex
creted by the mother insect. The burrow
is filled up with mucus, which makes It
watertight.
Now the farmer's best chance is to de
stroy the unhatched eggs, and this he
tries to do in various ways, the most ef
fective perhaps being to slice off an inch
of the top soil, dry it and pass it through
sieves to separate the egg masses, which
are buried in deep pita. In the wheat
growing regions burning machines, which
are open grates on runners, filled with
the Northwest,, traveling at a rate 200 or
300 miles a day, the wind being favorable.
Some grasshoppers are among the most
beautiful Insects in the world, with wings
resembling in beauty and delicacy of hues
the petals of flowers— pink, green, blue
and otherwise tinted, with many varia
tions.
There are some of huge size, which have
a spread of nine Inches or more from wingf
tip to wing tip. Anybody who will exam
ine a grasshopper cannot fail to admiro
the beauty of its construction, and partic
ularly of the armor in which it is clad,
though it is a peaceable creature and by
no means inclined to combat.
In China grasshoppers are a fearful
plague at times, and occasionally the Gov
ernment orders out the soldiers to repel
the invaders. Each soldier carries, instead
of a gun, a coarse hempen bag attached
to a bamboo pole, which, with wide open
mouth, is used as a net.
A bounty is also paid to farmers for tha
dead insects at 40 cash per pound, and for
the eggs they collect. But the most ef
fective destroyers are ducks, which are
driven over the infested fields In flocks
numbering thousands, and gorge them
selves greedily with the hoppers.
In that country there ia a curious and
widespread belief in the existence of a
king grasshopper, called Wang, of colos
sal size and quasi-supernatural character,
who hovers invisible in the upper regions
of the air, directing the migratng swarms.
Sacrifices are made to him to persuade
him to spare the particular locality In
which his petitioners dwell.
lighted pitchplne, are drawn by horses
across the fields. Another method con
sists in digging pits, into which the
swarms are driven, with the help of wide
spread wings of canvas stretched on
sticks.
The eggs are enveloped In tough little
capsules, not .easily broken by pressure
between thumb and finger, but when
ready to hatch the coat of .the ovum is
dissolved and releases the insect. "When
new born the young grasshopper is cov
ered with a sort of veil, which presently
splits along the back and is kicked off be
hind. So long as there is plenty of food
in the neighborhood he does not move
about much, but when the available pro
vender is exhausted he starts out to look
for another spot, f
It is in this way that the great migra
tions are begun, an army of grasshoppers
on the' march being often as much as a
mile wide. They cover the ground dense
ly, devouring as they go all grass, grain,
and garden truck. Sometimes two such
armies cross each other, but each keeps
right along in its own course.
It is when grasshoppers develop their
wings that they really become rapid in
their movements. Some species of them
are much better flyers than others, while
certain kinds have only rudimentary
wings, 'and so cannot fly at all. Immense
clouds of the insects sometimes pass over
the plains and thinly settled regions of
THE \STJTXDA1T; CAIili.
2
FIGHTING THE WESTERN GRASSHOPPER
ON NEW LINES3
' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ,¦- ¦ ¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.-
INTERESTING studies are neither few
nor difficult to find in the borough -of
Brooklyn, but it is doubtful -whether
among them there is any more unique
than one that is to be. found on an upper
floor of the building at 467 Fulton street,
wnere.a white' placard, fastened on a
door, bears the legend, " Mi ss Adelaide
Tukey. Studio. Heraldry. *'
If the visitor makes bold to knock the
door is opened by a. little." white-haired
woman with blue eyes. This is Miss
Tukey herself, who, aa the vlsltoi, will
soon learn . is not a whit less Interesting
than her studio. - < "i -.'¦..,
: Miss Tukey is 65 years of age, and Is the
daughter, of 'a' Boston lawyer, whose name
was well * known in. his profession In the
4Os. With the death of her father Miss
Tukey was confronted with the necessity,
of a* livelihood," and accordingly
she became, a" -teacher of ; painting on
cnina. • Several years : ago* ; she began " to
find it -difficult to compete with younger
teachers and their more modern methods,
and Mifes •: Tukey, who had always been
WOMAN WHO HUNTS UP
ARMORIAL BEARINGS
FOR AMERICANS
interested in the study of heraldry, re
solved to ' make her; knowledge of this art
-.supplement' her small income. In this she
has attained a remarkable degree - of^suc
cess. , .. ' f ' \ ' i
Miss Tukey's studio 'consists, of a large.
square robaa, whose walls are covered
with faded paper. On one, of th« walls is
draped, a. large American flag,' and ar
tistically arranged on shelves, tables . and
walls are books, decorated-, china, hand
some paintings and a vast assortment of
colored plates,' showing coats of arms and
other heraldic devices. .
x Miss Tukey is authority for the ¦ state
ment that coats of arms are coming more
and more into favor with American fam
ilies. ' * . : ¦ " ¦;'.'
"It is only natural, after .all, that this
should be so," explained Miss Tukey ; to ¦ a
reporter for the Eagle. "Many :of the
:'¦¦ "-. •. . >-. ~*w ' ' : - - ¦¦-' :¦¦¦
is not so. I discovered the genulna
escutcheon of the Adams family, em
blazoned on a window In an ancient
church that still stands In the town of
Chapin, in the north of England. It was
formerly a Welsh town and the family
name was Ap- Adam, which Is really 'son
of Adam.' The *s\ la ,a modern annexa
tion." — Brooklyn Eagle.
.-Shropshire farmers in England are at
their .wits', end for the lack of laborers to
plow the. land, sow the seed, drive the
wagons and herd the ¦ cows. In a r recent
Shropshire weekly paper there were 260
advertisements for men to work on farms.
best American families have always f elt »
Pride in their escutcheons. And why not?
Th«y constituted a part of our ancestral
heritage. Washington used hla crest, and
so, too, did Benjamin Franklin and Peter
Faneuil of Boston. President Adams had
a crest also, although many persons be
lieve that h» designed It himself, but this
is detailed.
All this photography can do.
Which is exactly what the painter -
The Carmen Canchlta pictures dif
fer by the tilt- of a head. They' are
also lighted differently. The smaller
one is slightly clouded, "creating an
impressionistic* effect, while the other
The two pictures of Edna Farrell
present the face from almost identi
cal points of view, and yet the on 3
could scarcely be recognized from the
other. In this case .the make-up has
done more than anything else to
make the difference; hat and style of
hair dressing have changed the
poser's appearance.
It looks as if the camera had lied
one time or the other. It would be
hard to say whether Pearl is crisp
and laughing, or. esthetic and love
lorn, but she can't very well be both.
ling, up-to-date young woman in a
crisp shirt waist; the other is a rather
love-lorn damsel in a great many
curls. ¦
He has the art of teaching his
camera to be a clever liar.
does for you when he paints your por- ~
trait. He flatters and he changes to ¦¦;
suit his own and your whim. 'And"
yet the painter still insists ' that • the
photographer has no art. "..'\&it r
He did it by means of the cast of
en eye, the smile of a mouth. The
one' picture shows a laughing, dimj.-
If you have a wise photographer
ycu can look like anything that you
please.
Notice what very different girls
ruch a one has made of Pearl"
Landers.
That is a pretty way of bsgg^ng
the question and does not amount to
a row of pins.
The sun cannot but the camera
can and does.
You have heard it said that photo
graphs must be truthful because the
cun cannot lie.
The camera lied.
The greatest difference lies in tLs
nose. You would never guess from,
the full face view that this • is the
long, somewhat pointed nose of the
profile. It carries the impression of
being rather short and flat.
Tho^ace was thrown out of focus
in this view. That's what does it.
Now in the other picture you will
notice that the full face represented
Icoks as if it belonged to another
woman. . -
• There is a shadow upon the face
The light is not thrown strongly
upon the features as in the other
view, and the drapery thrown over
the head adds to the shadow made
by the hair. ' The face is downcast in
stead of thrown upward in a hopeful
attitude.
Wherein does the trick lie?
If you will look at the profile view
you •will notice that it is sharp, clear,
the lines of the profile being as dis
tinct as if clipr^d from cardboard.
The light falls clean and bright on
the outlines, showing them strongly.
The nose here appears rather long
end perhaps a little sharp.
Now the camera may have told
the truth either one time or the other,
but certainly not both times.
They are as different as day is
from night, or, to be more comple
mentary, as one day is from another,
and yet they are both portraits of
Grace Moblots.
She swears it and the photographer
does likewise.
"Would you ever believe that those
two pictures of Grace Noblots, fcr
instance, were of the same woman?
DOES the camera lie?
Look on this picture and then
on that and say, does the
camera lieP
DOES THE CAMERA EVER LIE?Frolics of the A B C.
This dainty nursery book from the press
of Laird & Lee is the joint effort of Fan
nie E. Ostrander. the children's favorite
poet, and R. W. Hirchert, the talented
illustrator. Ihe author and designer of
"Baby Goose; His Adventures," the great
success of last year's Christmas season,
whose popularity has been crowing ever
since. The "Frolics of the ABC" is ot
course an alphabet- book, but in scope,
contents and make-up it Is radically dif
ferent from the hackneyed works of the
kind. Every letter Is represented here as
a tiny sprite, whose adventures, are told
In clever, witty and easily remembered
jingles. The special merit of the book is
its simplicity and its, purity of .diction
which renders it ' so quickly understood.
y N speaking of Hall Caine's novel ' - Tbe
I Eternal City," which/ the .Appletons
|i are to publish early , in September.
Nuova Antologia, published in Rom!,
says: ! • .-' ¦¦ ;- . ¦. ' ¦'¦¦¦¦- .'• , : ".
"Hall Caine, the great'English novelist,
author of 'The, Christian,' has. begun the
publication of . his .new romance;' 'The
Eternal City,' inspired' by Rome, in '.wo
magazines, one English and one Ameri
can. ' / ' .
"The open letter which Mr. Caine'ad
dressed "to the'* American public explains
his new romance, the title'he has glver.'it.
the way in .which it was developed and in
spired. The third Italy seems. every : day:
to attract more attention,' from foreigners^
and Hall ' Caine !has dedicated his new
romance to Rome, 'The; Eternal: City,'
and has animated.lt with a vast civil *an«l
social conception. * 'The -force* which: In
the past century has most vigorously, as
serted itself is the.power of the . peoples,
wide, liberal! democratic. In contrast with
the absolute power of thekings: but over
the new power" that '-has destroyed the
reality of • absolutism ' continues the ¦ pomp
and ostentation of the old order of thitigs,
and not only continues, but dally attempts
to gain new ylgor.'a resurrection, by thre'e
systems,* -in': which "Hall Caine . ; - recog
nizes the reincarnation j of the : Philistines
against that modern Samson which Is tho
right of the people— imperialism^ militar
ism, and the question -of the temporal
power. > ; :'¦ ¦ . ." : > ¦'.:¦ ' : •' , - ;; ." : >,>-! . ; . ;
."The strugglet ls-a hard one; but Hall
Caine is' sure that the struggle which be-
gan in the last 'century. will- go on and end
In this century— !n^the ultimate" triumph'
of the will of the pe'ople over, ths absolute
wills tha.t until now have restrain ed and
dominated it. _We must remember that in!
the letter addressed. to the American pub
lic the invective against imperialism is not
without immediate '.reasons,':; although, in
the republican system .the monopoly of
capital and the concentration ".of v riches
hold, in opposition to the rights of the
people, the place which in old. Europe. the
right:' of Tnonarchs-. arid-; absolute sover
eignty, held. Against this state of thinars
Christian 'democracy! ought ' to - oppose it
self, s and with : that democracy" oughts to
come . to l a j compact with . the . church, be
: cause, it Is ' certain that , if the church will
not . go' with> the* people the people ¦ .will
go on without the church. Rome Is the
metropolis of the Christian:. world,,, not
only by reason -of its religious connections
but also by, reason of. its. geographical po
sition, its - history." its glorious ..tradition 1 ?;
the fascination ofjts art," arid the mystery
of eternal life that -'.and ;' sur
rounds :it.' ¦' Rome seems to Mr. | Hall ; Caine'
r th"e only city; worthy, "in the 'dawn "of an
immense social revolution,' to be the heart
and soul of ; humanity, renewing, itself .'ln~
hopes, and : aspirations 'now. and.promis
ing in the future .'pacific civil v arid moral
!glory.^ ' , V,. '
v.'"Ro"me, therefore. ' is -the' scene of \ the
new novel;;In Rpme'ls.theinterest: of. the
problem andof ¦ the. narration.' doublyVac-'
centuated-ViRomalB also the name of: the
heroine of the love story,' one of those
What the ROMANS HAVE TO SAY OF HALL CAINE'S
LATEST NOVEL. "THE ETERNAL CITY"
fatal : women --who- in * all frreat ases and
great countries ssem to he the truest in
carnation of a great syrabollcal name.
C "The analysis of the' letters of the hero
and heroine (letters of' friendship as well
as of .love, for Roma says 'friendship Is
the surest .part' of love') ought to be very
interesting. VThose of . Roma- mingle the
sweet womanliness of the Italian with the
strength, and perhaps a little of the
flerceness'and austerity of expression and
sentiment of Hhe North. ¦ Rossi's letters
mlghf.be^'; called.'. 'magisterial.' -- but. it Is
•no excessive praise to say that they are
profoundly, felt. ,.
"In* rapid touches.' sharp lines, short
paragraphs, weV'flnd.' all r Rome in Mr.-
Caine's work— the well-known streets, the
delightful I color effects,- the; dark nights,
thebrown outline of. the buildings against
the azure sky; or inithe twilight: -the can
non : of St.'Angelo,. the ,' joyful chorus of
the bells that, animate and brighten tho
midday; ; ; Piazza * Navona; and
magnificent,^ with its. papal . relics: the
roses on. the; Piazza' diSpagna^ the sweet
music . of ,the;- Benediction j at " Trinlta de
Monti: the 'shiver that passes over the
desolate: Campagna ; at sunset: the Via
Appia. shining: Inithe sun;. Tivoli and Pal
estrina-; shrouded ', in a purple haze in- the
distance,; the vapors rising in the evening
from the grass arid herbs of the plain
slumbering in silence ;-' the •' cupolas and
towers, crowned .by; the 'flame that in the
evening surrounds the great city. All thi3
HRll'Calne. <the 'foreign . author, > has
known ;* and V loved ¦ just ¦ as ¦ we who are
Romans : know and love it." ' .' ' \ *•
"I- will . tell you why - 1 " do not care to
be interviewed. I was • interviewed once"
(and the usualfy" reflective hazel eyes took
on a more fiery look) "in - America, and
the result nearly ruined my health as well
as: my ieputation. But here I feel safer,
and" naturally I don't mind a jar or two—
but» no interview. If -. I did my writing
drunk, or wrote standing on my head, that
would no doubt Interest -an • Interviewer.
But I have; "no peculiarity; of the kind."
he said, in English, which nad no trace
"No, -I will not be interviewed about
.my book, or, Indeed, at all," said Bret
Harte to :a correspondent: "but I don't
I mind tilling -you why .1 object to being
interviewed." And he • stood up— a
medium-sized, broad-shouldered figure of
a man, with gray mustache and volumin
ous'gray hair framing a healthy, red
brown complexion.-"
Mrs. M. E. W. Sherwood writes enter
tainingly on the subject of divorce under
the title of "Untying the Knot." Mrs.
Flora Blgelow Dodge, a sister of Poultney
Blgelow. is the author of a brilliant and
humorous society satire entitled "Mrs.
Mack's Example." while. Edgar Saltu*
writes another of his pyrotechnic essays
entitled "The Pomps of Satan." One of.
the strongest stories in the number Is
"The Price of Honor.", by Lloyd Osbourae,
and Prince Vladimir Vaniatsky contrib
utes a strange tale called "The Queen of
the Far Country." Other features of this
issue are: '"Underbrush," a mystery of
the woods, by Julien Gordon (Mrs. Van
Bensselaef Cruger): "His Prophylactic
Flirtation." the wooing of . a delightful
Duchess, by Guy Somerville: "The Trans
rnogrification of Dan," a San Francisco
story, by H. J. "W.. Dam: "Brocton . Mott,
Realist." a $100 prize story, by Kate Jor
dan: "The Companion to Virtue," by Ger
trude F. Lynch, and '!The Picture Over
the Mantel," an idyllic love story of Paris,
tey Justus ' Miles Forman. The leading
poems are: "The "Wish That Came True,"
by Guy Wetmore Carryl; "Twilight In
the City." by Clinton Scollard; "Mario
nettes." by Theodosia Garrison; "Com
pensation," by Paul Laurence Dunbar;
"The -Supreme Hour," by Madison Ca
wein, and "Fulfillment," by Duffleld Os
borne.
The September number'of the Smart 3et
opens with an amusing novelette by Caro
line Duer. entitled "A New Bonnet for
Mary." ; The adventures of the ingenuous
and unconventional heroine, a society
heiress.. -who assumes to be a dressmak
er's assistant for sweet charity's sake
and dramatically assists in the recovery
of a large quantity of stolen gems* are di
verting to a degree.
His .Int?r"3te .friends, as well as some
nt his cr!t!cs. refuse to believe that he is
»»«* cynical as his "Crankisms" would give
the lmpres-sion.- one of the said friends
rpvirtg Informed him that he is "a
delicious fraud."
In addition to his regular -work Mr.
Matthewman* is* a contributor to the
Literary Era. the Smart Set. the Pitts
burg Dispatch and other journals and
magazines.- As a composer of songs and
hymn tunes he is also well known. His
setting of Rudyard Kipling's "Reces
sional." which Is shortly to be published,
has been highly snoken of by musicians
to whom It was submitted.
Books Received.
FROLICS OK THE A B. C— By Fannie O.
Ostrander and R. W. Hlrchert. Laird ft Lee,
Chicaeo. 73 cents.
SISTER TERESA— By George Moore. J. B.
Llppincott Company. Philadelphia. $150.
SHE STANDS ALONE— By Mark Asbton. L.
C. Page& Co.. Boston. JIM.
MANASSEH— By Maurus Jokai. I* C. Pass
St Co.. Boston. $1 60.
STJMNT SOUTHERNER— By Julia Masruder.
It. C. Page & Co.'. Boston. Jl 25. ' '-' ¦
THE CORSAIR KING— By Ma'urus Jokai. ifc
C. Paere A Co.. Boston. $1.
ANTONIA- By Jessie Van Zlle Belden. %
C. Page & Co.. Boston. $150. rV- ':
THE COST OF HER PRIDE— By Mrs. Ale*
ander. J. B. Llppincott Company, Philadel
phia. In caper, SO cents.
"£19,000" — By Burford Delannoy. R. V. Fen
no & Co.. New ToTk. $1 25.
WHEN A WITCH 13 YOUNG— By *-l>-«9.
R. F. Fenno & Co.. New York. $1 50.
THE CRYSTAL. SCEPTER— By Philip Verrtll
Mighels. R. I". Fenno &. Co.. New York. $1 50.
A Daughter of Ne-nr Francs.
Mary Catherine Crowley has taken an
Interesting epoch of history as a setting
for her story. "A Daughter of. New
France" — Quebec and later the founding
of the American city of Detroit at the
end of the seventeenth and the beginning
of the eighteenth centuries. The. book Is
not of the red-handed melodramatic or
der, but is written with a care for exist
ing facts of that time and a careful re
gard for consistency of plot.
The greater part of the story c^a 1 * vrith
the parly French settlement of Detroit
by the gallant Sieur Cadillac. There in
rnouph of Indian "warfare, fights with tho
British and local conspiracies to give the
reauislte dash for a mild un"-to-date his
torical novel.' To further heighten the
dramatic coloring, the author introduces a
seeress and a mysterious red dwarf, who
play no Insignificant part in the destinies
of the principal characters.
The main interest centers In the lov-p
of Normand and Barbe. The-vonnz man
has the usual stupidity of a certain class
of lovers -in fiction, for he loves and v«t
cannot believe that he is loved in return.
The author even has to marry Barbe off,
then kill her husband Immediately aftor
the wedding, and then bring up two .or
three ¦ more lovers as a menace to the
faithful though slow Normand before h<»
finally realizes that Barbe has ever been
his at heart. The book is well written
and several strong scenes are laid out,
but not brought to skillful consummation
—they seem lacking in climax.
*'A Daughter of New France" Is of more
value as a pretty picture of those early
days In French-Canadian history than it
Is as a romance, consequently its sales
are apt to be limited. It lacks Just those
points which have put "The Crisis." "The
Puppet Crown." ' ".The Helmet of .Na
varre" and "The Heritage of Unrest"
among the best selling books of the year.
(Published by Little, Brown & Co., Bos
ton. Price $1 50.)
threadbare. A small leather cap protected
his n<?£id. and a short, Spanish blue cloak
his body, while his feet arid leg? were
eneaspd in high dragoon Loots. long Ignor
ant of polish or blacking, ..and ••which
reached to his knees."' : --
Lisle de Vaux Matthewmnn. the author
of "Crank'srn's." published by Honrv T.
Coates & Co.. has for the past- year h«en
enraced as Utera-v editor of the PhHa
o>'phia Evening Telegranh. for which
par p r. he has nlso conducted a t,opulf»r
'•n'r"--; under '.he title "Thp "Whirl of -the
World." Lender writing a^d dramatic
.YrHiciPm have also come with'n his scope.
He- is, informed, he says, that he was
horn 1 In 18r7. but thinks that the records
have t>eentamufred with. for. as a' man Is
as old as he fe^s. and h<> feels fifty-five.
it follows that he must have been born
about lS4fi. He acknowledges that he first
¦ saw the* light in England, although 'most
- of the past fourteen years have been
spent: in ether, countries, .He is a jack
¦ of ¦" • many, O.trades. having been school
'teacher/ lecturer.' free, lance journalist.
etc.— the etc. covering a multitude of oc
cupations. As newspaperman he feels
that he has sunk to his natural, normal
level. Writing came easily to- him after
' he had, as he puts it. "sweat blood for
fifteen years" in studying style and In
training himself to write what he meant.
of an American accent. "T write because
I like It; that's about all I can say."
"You see. my father was a professor
of Greek, so that my atmosphere was
more or less literary right from the be
ginning. I had from my earliest boyhood
a love of reading, which, as I grew elder,
led to a love of study of various subjects.
This presently developed into a fondness
for -writing. And I wrote, as everybody
with literary instincts writes, because he
is Impelled to do so. My first success was
with 'The Luck of Roaring Camp.* Never
•wan such a sensation, . .
"I cpuldn't get it published In America,
not even In California; It was thought to
be too realistic by the intellectual Puri
tans. So (as I was never worried. | as so
many poor authors are. by want : of
means) I published '.t on my own account.
The success was unprecedented. I had
forced my way against all prejudice." and
a look of prlda» illuminated Bret Harte'a
sensitive features. "And now that I am
getting old I feel that I am doing my best
work. I have more skill and confidence
than when I was in callow youth: I have
now a command over my instrument
which I had not then. To say that a
man's best work Is done In youth is ths
greatest mistake: does it not seem obvious
that the more you practice a trade th»
more you must know about it?"— London
Mainly About People.
nent scientists, of the later nineteenth cen
tury. Like Huxley.. Dnrwln, Tyndall nnd '
Spencer. Professor Lo Conte pave his im
portant books to the tvnrld through the
publishing house of D. Apploton &
Co.. -who have issued, his "Elements
of Geology," "Evolution and Its Relation
to Religious Thought.'" "Religion and :
Science," "Sight" and his "Comparative
Physiology and Morpholo^rv of Animals."
-All these books, especially the author's
¦brilliant discussions' of the relations of;,
science and" religion, have, attracted wide
attention, and they remain in constant
demand. Professor Le Cpnte's ''f'^tion.
tose'epee was happily accompan'M *>y a
singularly lucid manner of . expression
which has imparted a' peculiar value to
the literary rcsults"of ' his scientific la
bors. As an Investigator and an expositor
he gained exceptional distinction. • • j .
General W. W. H. Davis -in his. article.
"Jackson at New Orleans."' in the August
Literary Era. quotes Alexander Walker's
description of Jackson's appearance when
he arrived at New Orleans:. ¦; / .. . ,
"His complexion was sallow, "and ' un
healthy, his hair iron-, gray, his', body
emaciated, like one just recovering from a
lingering and painful sickness. But the
fierce' glare of his -bright and hawk like
eye* , betrayed 'a ' soul- and-.spirit < that
triumphed over the infirmities of.- the
body. His dnjf.s was simple and nearly
Masters of Music.
An admirable book for music lovers Is
"Masters of Music." by Anna Alice
Chapin. It. cannot fail to appeal to all
interested in musical literature., for. It is
so concise and yet so full of facts. In"
brief M!ss Chapin gives biographies of all
the great composers and a characteriza
tion of their work.
Naturally the first name to rank with
the "masters" is that of Giovanni Pier
lulgi da Palestrina. "the Raphael of
music." who possessed the inspired genius
of music in sunny Ttaly of. the latter par*
of the sixteenth century. He was, and
Is. Justly considered the master of church
music.
Then, came Alessandro Scarlatti, 1643. of
whom comparatively little Is known— the
man who wa3 one of the founders of
symphonic and of operatic music and
also tHe forerunner of Gluck and Mozart.
Next to carve his name as one of genius
was George Friedrlch Handel, whose
music and name are both more familiar
to us to the present t day. s Then Miss
Chapln gives the life*of John -Seciastlrin
Bach, who. as the says, is justly entitled
to be*called "the greatest of all masters:
one of the musical heroes, before whom
•we how our he^ds in homage." -
Next she tells us the story of Bene
detto Marcello. who "has been called the
Titian and the Veronese of music, for
•what they have done with visible colors
In representing the vast Venetian spirit
he 'has done with subtle and expressive
shades of sound." Pergolese. Gluck and
Haydn all receive due space and then
she tells us* in an Interesting way 'of the
life and work of Mozart, that musical
marvel who accomplished so much in the
brief period of a life of Cii years. .
All the great masters receive due con
sideration In chronological order—Beeth
ove^n. Weber. Meyerbeer. Rossini. Schu
r-ert. Ber!!oz. Chopin. Mendelssohn.. Bar
tholdy. Schumann. Liszt and Wagner.
After every biography is given a list of
the composer's most famous compositions
and interesting notes concerning them.
Miss Chapin's. book will doubtless find a
place in the library of every one who has
a regard for good musical literature. She
writes in perfect sympathy with her sub
ject and with a knowledge only acauired
by close and careful study. (Published
by Dodd, Mead & Co., New York. Price
n so.) . „ .
;'._To Proressor Morris Jastrow Jr. has
ceen assigned the department of the Bi
ble, a subject to which he has made valu
able'contributions. -Dr. Kaufmann Koh
ler. the eminent rabbi of Temple Beth-El,
is In; charge. of the departments of the
"ology and philosophy. Professor Crawford
H. Toy of Harvard University, whose
studies on the religion of Israel and the
relations of Judaism to Christianity are
well known, superintends the departments
of Hebrew philology and Hellenistic liter
ature.
' Dr. Singer, who, as has been said above,
Is the originator of this enterprise, is
managing editor and also has charge of
the department of modern biography. Dr.
F. de Sola Mendes conducts the work of
: T.i raclljf ate as well ns to expedite *>«
work of preparation several boards of ed-
Uor= have been formed, and unrl«T the di-
The work te to be the joint product of
more' than four hundred scholars and
specialists. Amor.;? them are such well
known writers, and students as Solomon
Schechter. William Bacher, David Gunz
burg.- A. Harkavy, Moritz 'Lazarus, L.ud
wicr Stein, israel Abraham/, and I. Zang
yrfll. * '¦ , .
JThla '; first volume can; safely be taken
afe an Index pt the .rest that are to fol
low. It presents in an. attractive form a
descriptive record -of 'the history.- religion,
literature and customs of the Jewish peo
ple" from the earliest times to the present
day. .' .; ¦ • '"¦-; • '. : . ¦
Literary Notes.
General Francis V. Greene, whose nar
rative history of "The* United States
Army" begins in '"the September Scrib
ner's, was, it will be recalled, the gen
eral who received the surrender of Ma
nila. Members of his family' have taken
part in every war of this country. , One
of his collateral ancestors was -General
Nathaniel Greene of the Revolution and
his father was General George S. Gj«>ene
of 'the. Civil "U^ar. He himself is a West
Pointer of the class of '70..' : "
The Century Company will Issue in the
putumn "Memories of a 'Musical -Lif e.". by
Dr. William Mason, the dean of his pro
fession In America. Dr.' Mason's musical
experiences began over , fifty years ago.
s>nd his book contains reminiscences of.,
Meyerbper. Schumann. Moschelles. YTag
ner and Liszt (with whom he studied), as
well as of the moderns, Rubinstein,. Von-
P-ulow. Padprpwskl. and many others."
The basis of the book appeared In. the
Century Magazine; but Dr. Mason
made many additions, rounding out 'the
story of his interesting life. The illustra-.
tlons •will Include notable reproductions*
from an auto<?ranh book which Dr. Mason
has kept for many years.
It Is said thnt the cost of bringing this
work to completion will closely approxi
mate three-quarters of a million dollars."
xn«r iwaiviuK ui n iviarcninneps. ¦-. oy
Frances ; TIod»rson..-iBurrjetri • Tv-hich fs- at
tractirr: attention In the 'Cennirv Maga
7<ne.' !s to.be. illustrated: 1 and decorated
in a d.i'nty and appropriate manner by
<""."*"». "Williams and A.'. K. Womrath. and
is to be offered to the" public In book
form in September next.
There are to be several full-page Ilhis
tratinnp. In two colors, pfter rlrawtngs by
Mr. Williams, while Mr. Womrath ' is
preparing tho title page, contents, head
pierc-s. and tail pieces, ornamental In
itials, cover llnin.es. etc.. as well as the
design for the cover. It willbe publish
ed by Frederick A. Stokes Company. -
work. -Dr. f Isidore
Sfng'er/sp ( ent ten years' of his" life !n 'col-'
lectl'ng material, but could: find no'pub
lisher .in Europe' ¦willing to • embark in ..so
great an ' r undertaking. ' Finally .he suc
ceeded In ' interesting Funk \ & Wagnalls
and they^announced. themselves as willing
to risk the capital necessary, to .launch
such a stupendous enterprise. Dr. Singer
Is an Austrian by birth and is a/linguist
of exceptional ability. He began his pub
lic career as secretary, arid librarian to
the French Embassador at the court of
Vienna, the , late Count Foucher de Careil,
whom he followed to Paris.. ' .
Amonsr the several books of fiction
which Messrs. A. -C. McClurg & Co. an
nounce -for the fall season are. a new
story by George Horton. the scene of
which is laid, as was that of his "Like
Another Helen." in Greece: a stirring his
tor)<-al romance bv a. new wr't^r. Cherlton
Andrews. entitled. "A. Parfit Gentil
Knight." rfealinef with life In tho reiern of
Charles TX of France: and "Lady Lee,"
a remarkable collection of stories .of
horses and other domestic animals, writ
ten from the same standpoint as was
"Black Beauty." and giving a new lnslerht
into the character and mental attributes
of our dumb companions;
Rpaders of that fascinating story. "The
Puppet Crown." Wll he ,inter<*sterl In
learning that the little town" 'of Bleiherg
is real. It Is not on -the n"fip under -the
name Mr. MacGrath has chosen to give
it. Anoldstein Is there, and it Is in this
ancient and picturesque city, masquer
ading under another name, that; Fitzerer
aid stepped frorri a second-class carriage
one fine September morning. The hero.
Maurice Carew, has his counterpart In
MncGrath's 'list of friends, and many of
the incidents that contribute to the lively
action of the story are said to be based
on fact. One of these Is ' the unfought
battle where two great armies are drawn
up !n fighting line. The soldiers of one,
refusing to Obey the^commarifis of their
officers, surrender to , the enemy. ; \.
Professor Joseph .Le.Conte was' one of
the earliest . A,mericar» students , under
Aga^siz. and lie became one. of the -most
conspicuous figures among the mjmy eml-
J DEVLIN— BOSS" is a book that
should soon take Its place among
e the best sellers of the day. It has
in It all that goes to make a popu
lar novel, besides a certain originality of
Theme that all of the popular novels do
not possess.
Mr. Francis Churchill Williams gives
his work the further title of "A Romance
of American Politics." The title of Mr.
Williams' book has a certain amount of
vagueness that night cover anything. ,
The word "romance." however, is rather
comfcrting to the general reader and
promises that the bock may not be dry.
But be not misled by names or titles, for
"J. Devlin— Boss" belongs to that class of .
"once begun, never put down until
finished."
It i? in every sense a "Romance of
American Politics." with just enough of
politics to cast a shadow acaint; which ,
stands o"Jt strongly the romance of two
as pretty love stories as It has been my
pleasure to read for many a day.
In g-eneral works of fiction that cover a
man's life from boyhood to middle age
are not of the best.
This 1i= an exception.
Mr. wniiams holds his friends for
"Jimmy" right from his first boyish
¦pranks as newspaper kid to his last-polit
ical fight and final retirement. "Jimmy"
is so thoroughly "Jimmy" from the be
cinnirpr to the end that one. must praise
the author for that consistency of writing
generally found lacking. He develops his
character so gradually that the transitions
from boyhood to manhood are perfectly
natural and the reader unconsciously
stops his laughter at the odd tricks of the
child to follow with breathless interest the
political schemes of the man.
As a "Boss" Jimmy is unequaled and
rises until he has reached the top rung
of the ladder in that most peculiar of all
American trades— politics. But Jimmy
has that abcut him -which is a serious
drawback to the lasting success of one of
his kird— he has a heart, a great big heart
that eventually proves too much even for
such a clever scheming politician as
he is.
From the very beginning you can see
that Jimmy Is out of the ordinary. -
He is introduced to the reader while in
the act of receiving a beating at the hands
of one of the b'.g office boys of the Even
ing News. Jimmy knows how to lo.»e as
•well as to win. but it is not often that he
Is on the loslne: side.
He learns much as a small boy with the
paper. He finds a scheme for the Invest
ment of the other small beys* funds that
pays a small dividend to Mr. J. Devlin:
he levies tribute on all the editors by a
mild form of blackmail process; he goes
to the circus after inventing a brilliant •
excuse. This last proves his undoing.
for he "fakes" a runaway !n which he Is
the victim and then dramatically poses
8S a hero by seeing that the copy he had
at the time is sent 4.o the paper. The
Evening News prints a glowing account
of his heroism. Unfortunately the assist
ant city editor happens to be at the circus
and recognizes Jimmy there, hale and
pound He reports the "fake" to his chief
and Foon Jimmy receives an intimation
that he is about to be discharged.
Jlmiriy Is equal even to this emergency.
He decides not to be retired In disgrace
end therefore promptly hands In his resig
nation.
This resignation Is characteristic of the
boy and of the man as well. Many a time
before his final political downfall his
enemies think that they have done for
Jimmy only to find that he has merely
dropped that line of attack for a time and
is at them with some new scheme harder
ttian ever. Here is what he had to say to
the city editor:
Mr. W. S. Carp Es<v. City Editor, of the
Evening News— Dear Sir: I am thinkin of
enturin in anuther purfession soon and 1 find
I must hand in my Resignation from the EtaiT
cf the Evenine Xews. \ye have bin in this
news Darker blends fur over a year and four
months and I am Eorry T7e must part, fur
we have passed many plesant hours in each
uthens Roclerty. But you know bisness work
makes us part sometimes with our frens so 1
will cay good by to you with kind wishes that
yon may sucseed and sum day purhaps get a
pood position. Tours very truly J. DEVLIN.
P. E. N. B.-Im sorry if my goin away frum
you Ju« now makes it hard to get out the
News but I have to leave tonleht sure. The
new boy mite do fur my place. If you do that
try the assistant City Editor in the new boys «
place. You dont have to know much In the
new boyB place. Tour J. DEVLIN.
. Bill Brady, a political "Boss." is with
the city editor at the time of this oc
currence and is so taken with Jimmy's
craft that he hires him on the spot."
That Is Jimmy's start in the life polit
ical.
Jimmy proves himself a great help to
Brady, for by a little > eavesdropping he
finds out about one of the opposition's
schemes Just in time for Brady to check
mate them— much to Brady's advantage.'
For this Jimmy gets $3 in cash and a rise
in the estimation of his boss.
In time Jimmy finds himself strong
enough to break away from Brady, and
finally takes a standard of his own. His
rise Is not rapid, but it Is cure, and event
ually he finds himself at the top and in
a position Justly to be called "THE
BOSS."
This Is the career of "J. Devlin— Boss."
A gradual rise and then a quick falL The
political side of the book, with all the
scheming men and their unprincipled acts.
1b well written.
J. Devlin in politics is as bad as any.
It is full of story— not a bit of padding, but
all story, good, wholesome and attractive.
Mr. Williams Is deserving 1 of the highest
praise, for "J. Devlin— Boss" is one , of
THE best of the BEST. (Published by the
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston.
Price $1 50.) ' B. G. LATHROP.
Cram's Atlas.
Probably the- best atlas now published
Is- the latest edition of "Cram's Atlas of
the "World — New Census Edition." It not
only covers all matter." of geographical
interest in ancient history, but is also
absolutely modern and up to date in every
particular. It gives a geographical,' his
torical and statistical presentation of the
worM in all its divisions. The maps are
remarkable* for their completeness, clear
ness and "accuracy— not only are they geo
graphically perfect but 'they cover .the
world's various ' political divisions fully.
The world's progress ard^developrnent is
shown by an elaborate Series of historical
maps from the earliest times to the pres
ent. The diaerams, charts and half
tone reproductions of photographs taken
In various countries add 'greatly to the 1'fe
of the work. Altogether this edition, with
its handsome binding and servlceablp
paper, makes a volume that cannot be
rpared from the shelves of any library.
It is published by George F. Cram, 130
Fulton street, New York. '
and ¦ at the same time fills' the child's
mind with Just that class of -words which
ought to be known first. It Is a rare treat
to meet with a baby book that is noti silly,
hut. on- the contrary, so attractive and
sure to please mothers andchlldren alike
The Letter-sprites created by the author
will soon be as ' popular . as the old-time
fairies and brownies. ;. The size: is royal
quarto and each. page is colored. ¦ There
are ten colors used through the book.
Binding, 'paper and cover designs are Just
lovely, and the little tots have truly an
exceptional: treat ': .in store for ; them.
(Boards cloth bark, illustrated In colors,
fancy wrappers, 75 cents.) M ¦'.-.'
He tolls and plans and bribes.- does
everything, in fact, that ? an - up-to-date
Boss must do, and yet you cannot help
liking him— that Is because Mr. Ghurchlll
shows us the man as well as the politi
cian.
In the first place, with Jimmy his word
Is everything. .,- .:,
His worst enemies admit this.
He may switch around the truth, but
he will not tell a. downright lie. and what
ever he says he will do he does, no mat
ter what the cost to himself.
The reader sees him clearly in this 1 ;
pleasant light of a kind and big-hearted
man though, few of his political world
know .him . as- such. .This is the main
' charm of Mr. "Williams* book. You follow
Jimmy through the political mire simply
because you have had a glimpse of the
true man beneath his armor. ¦
. Jimmy is generally too busy to take any
time for himself. For his friends in dis
tress he cannot do' enough, but when It
comes to self, even where his own heart
and feelings are concerned, it is only at
the last that he Is willing to leave the
pursuit of his ambitious goal for»a domes
tic life. ..'.,- . : '
As I said before, in "J. Devlin— Boss"
there are two love stories that will take
their places among the very sweetest in
modern fiction. You cannot tell until the
very last page how either of them will
turn out, so to say-a'nything more about
them in a review would be to bring- the
wrath of the reader on my head.' Mr.
Churchill tells the romantic part of his
story too well to have it spoiled by
"hints" and "extracts."
There are some fine strong scenes of
dramatic interest In "J. Devlin— Boss" and
one of the best points of the book is that
first volume of the Jewish Ency
.,-„ ' clopedia" from' the publishing house
. 11 of the Funk & : Wagnalls; Company.
New, York, will be found fully equal
to all that was prophesied. for it. vThia se
ries of twelve volumes has been, in active
preparation for over three years and will
now be distributed as rapidly as -they can
be published.. It will certainly, take a
place on the shelves of every library large
enough' to contain cyclopedias " of any
kind.-: /•', ; ' V ; V ;! --' :•• '¦.-¦ ..,¦¦'¦¦
.There is not a walk in life that the Jews
have-not trodden, and wherever the tem
pests of time' have cast , them, they have
with' characteristic persistence invariably
borne with{them their iTotah,' the emblem
of, their, faith; their traditions/their liter
ature,'their language, their" 1 very "customs
—In 'fact, all 'that could keep alive their
national? spirit. • The \. records _.of their
achievements are scattered through many
ancient manuscripts.. The history of their
times is' to be found -chiefly in: the con
gregational archives of the cities wherein
they dwelt. Not until to T day has any de
termined effort- been, made to collect '.this
mass of interesting data and present it In
comprehensive book form., .
. •» ' ' . : •¦.'/'-.. ¦ ' . ' . ¦
rect supervision of *ne or inese mo en
cyclopedia is being prepared. This board
comprises some of the leading scholars
of the United States cou T1 ersant with
Jewish matters; and each one of them Is
iri charge of a' specific department; thus
(under the chairmanship of Dr. I. 'K.
Funk, editor in chief of the Standard Dic
tionary), Dr. Cyrus Adler supervises the
work that pertains j to post-BIbllcal an
tiquities and to the history of the Jews of
America: T)t. Gotthard Deutsch controls
the department - of ; history from 1492 • to
1901; Dr. r Louis Ginzberg takes care of the
department of Rabbinical literature; Pro
fessor Richard Gottheil presides over the
section of history that dates from Ezra to
1492 as well as 'over the history of the
greater part of the Jewish literature In
the middle ages; to Joseph Jacobs' care
-have been intrusted the revision of man
uscripts and the departments of the Jews
of England and anthropology. •
: The selection of Dr. Marcus Jastrow for
the department of the Talmud is eminent
ly fitting, since the years of labor and re
search that .this remarkable scholar has
devoted to the study of Talmudlc lore
have placed him in the forefront of the
Talmudio scholors of his time.
ONE OF THE GREATEST UNDERTAKINGS OF THE NEW CENTURY,
"THE JEWISH ENCYCLOPEDIA."
w.o i-»,..iann«weau. created on account
of the- large number of manuscripts re
ceived in foreign tongues, and Jointly with
the secretary of the board. Franfc H.
Vlzetelly. controls the revision of all
proofs. ' \V
A few hints may serve to show Its en
cyclopedlo character. On Jh« one hand is
the story of "Aaron's Rod 1 * told from a
point of view hitherto not presented, and
a description of the marvelous power of
the. "Staff of Bloses": on the other, the
explanation, of the "Abracadabra" and
the uses of amulets. Any one interested
in the various forms of ablutions pre
scribed by rabbinical law can * find them
detailed and explained in an exhaustive
: article by the Rev. Bernard Drachman.
If you wish to know who was the "Jew
ish Cervantes." all you need do is toccon
sult this volume under "Abramowitsch."
Elsewhere in the book are told the stories
of "Starvation Farm" and its eccentric
owner. Baron d'Aguilar: of ."Aggei.V; the
proud kin? of Jewish folklore; of "Aaron.
Son of the Devil"; of medieval English
annals, each qua"nt and interesting. Those
interested in the academies of Babylon
or those of Palestine will be rewarded by
perusing the articles on these subjects.
Topics of more general interest abound m
this volume, and one turns reluctantly
from the interesting theme of agriculture
to the more tragic history of Alsace,
trusting for new light on the sad events
of 1794. ip which hope he is not dlsap- ,
pointed. £¦
One of the most interesting features of
this work is the rr.ass of biographical ma
terial that has been collected and is here
presented for th-» first time. Thl3 mate
rial, embracing as it does the stories of
the careers of prominent living and of
famous deceased Jews, affords many sur
prises: but above all it shows what a
thoroughly versatile people the Jews real-,
ly are.
Ministers of all schools of theology will
find a unique feature of this encyclopedia
in the manner of treatment accorded to
Biblical subjects. These are treated, from
three or sometimes four polnt3 of view,
the first being always a purely Biblical
presentation. This is followed py a dis
sertation on the topic from the standpoint
of rabbinical literature, that vast collec
tion of commentaries, responsa and trea
tises which Jn this field has specially en
riched Jewish literature: and this In turn
Is followed by the views held by modern
scholars of the critical school. By these
means the trend of thought on Biblical
subjects, from Talmudlc times to the
present day. has been preserved and ts
printed here for the first time. This sys
tem also embraces all such topics as hnve
special interest for Juualsm from the Mo
hammedan side. ' • .
A noteworthy characteristic cf this
¦work Is the fair and outspoken y«t' un
biased presentation of matters affecting
the Jews. This may be observed especial
ly under Anti-Semitism and I/Antl-Juif.
Evidently the effort has been to give facta.
and not opinions on such subjects.
The typographical appearance of the
first volume is as near perfection as it i3
. mechanically possible for It to be. and the ¦
paper used is of superfine auallty. The
¦ colored plates are not only plctorlally at
tractive, but scientifically accurate, and
redound credit on those concerned In their
production. The "Animals of the Bible'"—
a plate that was prepared under the di
rection of Professor Theodore N. Gill of
the United States National Museum.
Smithsonian Institution. "Washington. T>.
C— i3 a truly artistic representation of
more than twenty animals of Bible lands.
The illustrations accompanying the text
may be said to be well chosen; and thoir
printing has evidently been done with ¦
treat care. ,..-,....
In anticipation of Its publication this
work wan declared by a' prominent Ameri
can rabbi to be the greatest Jewish un
dertaking since the Talmud was pro
duced, and certainly t~e Initial volume of
the series goes far toward proving th-a
truth of this statement.
It may be truly said that if the stand
ard of excellence of the first volume I*
maintained throughout the entire series
this encyclopedia ¦will be considered a lf't—
erary monument which the Jewish schol
arship of the whole world ha3 created and
of which it may be justly proud. It Is to.
be published In twelve volumes — cloth. $7;
half morocco, $9; full morocco. $11 per vol
ume. iV,v>- -¦: - -
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
4
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
126 POST STREET^
SAN FRANCISCO.
Prices are always in the
Reading Notices.
A. M.; ROBERTSON.As he looked into the gloom he drew
back with a feeling of superstitious dread,
but the fierce hoots coming nearer over
came his momentary fea» and he quickly
smoothed the marks left upon the sand
and entered the opening. , A fire burned
low in a far recessof thecave arid over
it was a. small, caldron that gave forth a
savory 'odor. Dried fuel was piled near
and some corn bread, lay within ireshly
"picked leaves. Jack threw, himself upon
a. large bear skin covering the rocky floor
Nearer crept the heated air until It
seemed that physical fortitude could bear
no more,\ then ready hands reached for
ward and pierced the tender flesh with
the cruel burning brands. Several' had
been thrust into his limbs when he felt
the thongs that bound his wrists suddenly
cut and a knife slipped into his closed
palm. A moment later a shriek of the
keenest agony rent the air, and a short
distance away Wailla rocked back and
forth, her face distorted with pain. The
critical moment had come. While the at
tention of the tormentors was turned to
ward, the shrieking girl Jack severed the
binding cords and bounded away with the
speed of a frightened deer. Nearly a
hundred yards were gained before the
Umatillas were whoeping, leaping and
running in his wake. Up; the acclivity,
which was not steep, but which proved
painfully oppressive to one contending
for life, he sped until he reached the sum
mit of the hill, where for a moment he
stood while the savage yells of his pur
suers rent the air." Then one desperate
leap and twenty yards below his feet were
buried in the soft, yielding sand.. Rank
sagebrush grew in .profusion, and beneath
its low branches he crept several rods
until he reached a small opening in the
rocks described by his dark-eyed rescuer.
ho had expected to be liberated.
gEFORE a* fire upon a great robe
made of raccoon skins sat, or rath
er reclined, a young man who look
ed strangely out of keeping; with
his uncouth and rude surroundings.
A glowing lire seemed to have been kin
dled within the depths of his dark eyes
and his head was held erect with a
haughty air, while a disd.-iinful smile
curved the lips and gave to the usually
gentle face an expression of stern, unre
lenting forbearance.
Upon one side nearly 200 grim warriors.
In black paint, relieved only by a head
dress of gayly painted feathers, stood
¦with stoic countenances awaiting- a sign
from Kawawa, their chief. Upon the
other side were nearly as many squaws;
great chains of white beads about their
necks, glowing like pearls above the
freshly painted flesh of red; their heads
bedecked with the white down of birds.
To the rear were the maidens, their long,
glossy hair parted and combed low over
their foreheads and hanging in braids,
plaited with beads of the richest hues,
adown their backs. Short skirts, made of
the finest skins, from which beads in pro
fusion dangled, covered the unpainted
portion of their bodies wiiile they, stood
in readiness for the signal they eagerly
watched to see given.
Noiselessly they passed from the
shadow of darkness Into the radiant light
of the campfire, where they arranged
themselves in a circle and then began a
weird, fantastic dance, round and round,
now treading upon the earth and again
seeming to float upon the quiet evening
air so lightly touched the tips of their
moccasined feet. Not a sound broke the
stillness until a yell of diabolical triumph
burst from the entire crowd of painted
warriors, the maidens vanished and" hand
in hand or singly these savage partici
pants danced until the perspiration, stood
in great drops upon their foreheads. The
mountains echoed the sounds of their
fierce cries and rude Bongs while one by
one they dropped upon the ground in ut
ter exhaustion, but to be replaced by
others.
For the first few hours of the evening
Jack Kennelworth had little knowledge
of the fate awaiting him at the hands of
his captors, but he felt, while he watched
with interest this weird dance, that it was
but the prelude of a long chapter of hor
rors that would close but with the dawn-
Ing of the day unless Providence, in
mercy, released the spirit from, the tor
tured body earlier. It was a common ex
pedient of the savages to test the nerves
of their victims with the severest proofs
and eagerly to watch for some sign of
weakness or yielding, when, instead of
lessening the severity of their infernal de
vices, they would redouble them and
laugh In fiendish delight at their victim's
sufferings. Knowing this and that es
cape was Impossible, their prisoner de
termined to die with the courase of tha
bravest warrior and to bear anything with
fortitude rather than disgrace his color.
Two maidens, one bearing a piece of
bark filled with water and the other a
bunch of feathers Instead of a towel,
stood before him and motioned him to
trash, after which they feasted him in the
beet manner their barbarous custom al
lowed. When this was completed it
seemed to be the signal for the ferocious
passions of the tormentors to spend their
force In cruelties.
The night was Intensely dark, but the
fagots were piled higher and higher upon
the brigfttly blazing campflre, which
lighted up the \ little valley with its
reddened glow and scattered the shadows
upon the mountain sides. The prisoner
¦was securely bound with ropes of bark
and fastened to & tree but a short dis
tance from the blazing fire, where he was
left to the mercy of the females. It being
a common practice for the women to
throw their victim Into an ungovernable
rage by their taunts and then suddenly
turn him over to the fiercer members of
the tribe in a frame of mind unable to
bear with heroic fortitude the agonies of
bodily pain. All the names of the lower
and least respected of the animals were
hurled at the fettered captive, and all that
ferocity and Ignorance could frame into
language tending toward effecting their
purpose fell from the lips of the excited
crowd without any apparent result. The
greater Indifference Jack manifested the
more greatly enraged became the savage
hags. The voices • of the maidens, 6of t
and melodious as they usually were, be
came harsh and discordant sounds min
gled with the menaces of the older ones.
In their excitement they did not notice
Wailla as she passed and repassed again
and again so close to Jack that her low
whispered words were unheard and her
actions unheeded.
The warricrs rushed Into the circle and
scattered brands were drawn nearer to
the tree to which Jack was bound; fresh
sticks were eagerly gathered, and the
splinters which were to be thrust into the
flesh of the victim and then lighted when
the heat from the larger fire became al
most intolerable were collected and laid
in a heap near by. The flames began to
wave their forked tongues in close prox
imity, white the countenances around the
sufferer expressed neither sympathy, nor
mercy. He looked in vain for the face
that had but once that evening shone
with kindly light, but she, too, expressed
bv her manner only indifference to the
Icte Uom which fur a few brief moments
> and stare ' tne savage cries grow fainter
and lalnler as the warriors one by one
ascended the hilltop and descended in an
other direction; the trail, was lost.
Mingled ' emotions -. caused his strong
frame to tremble like a tiny leaf before
the summer's breeze and the lonely howl
of a. coyote or. the call of a passing bird
made, him 'spring to his feet in terror. A
- ray j from the morning sunlight, penetrat
ing the darkened cave only aggravated
his fears lest his savage pursuers in re
doubled numbers should: trace him to his
hiding place, in which case he dared not
think to what torture their ferocious in
stincts would subject him. Thus, hour
after hour passed in a sleepless vigil until
the - light faded and' in . place the moon
l'ght, in silvery cadence, breathed* forth
peace and security and closed the tired
eyelids In repose so sound that Wailla
and her dusky companion. Song Bird, en
tered the cave and waited " with impa
tience his awakening. . Fearing lest lh*
-dawn would . reveal their absence Wailla
"touched Jack lightly upon the arm, at tha
same time saying, "Bu ho 'f raid— Indian
gal'no'tell not'ing 'all. Warrior in dark
no no not'ing— paleface safe."
V Wailla," said Jack, springing to his
feet and grasping the sun-browned hand
that trembled within his own, "how can
I ever thank you for .what you have done?
You are an angel of light to me, even
though you have been reared in darkest
savagery _ and .„ belong . to yonder blood
thirsty tribe." ' . . ~"
•'Song Bird no understand," " replied
.Wailla. " 'Tis well. She no like you talk
bo. -Her people— my,* too— but me. feel dif
ferent.: Paleface sorry for— no like scalp."
"Are. you sure Song Bird can be trust
ed?" asked Jack hastily. 11 -,':*??
"You mean no tell?"
"Yes, no tell, warrior where I am and
that' you visit me."
"Song.Bird die first. She loves, too. In
dian nature love friend, hate enemy. You
make .friend Song Bird. Uraiwahtnh
strike at— you take blow— between" come.
Made - Umiwahtah hate — Song Bird love.
Me go now," : she added hastily, ."stay
long— miss". Wait, me come night— no go
out 'all. Me tell when go away— no e*n
arer here— red man watch no get way yet."
As the days passed Jack grew to watch
with Impatience for the coming of his
nightly visitors and to miss the eager,
broken sentences of the one and the silent
companionship of the other. The low, soft
voice of "Wailla became as sweetest musio
to his ears, and he looked forward with
regret to the time when hla captivity,
fhould end.
Wailla had often drawn Song: Bird Into
conversation by repeating In the Indian
dialect Jack's messages and giving him
hers in return, but gradually this ceased,
and the v once light-hearted maiden was
forgotten as she crouched at the far end
of the cave, with eager jealous eyes not
ing every movement of her companions
and listening to the sounds which she
longed to Interpret yet could not.
* One evening Song Bird came alone at
an earlier hour than had been their cus
tom, and with motions made Jack un
derstand that ehe wished him to follow
.her. Thinking that some accident had
befallen "Wailla, he eagerly set out. It
was hard to keep up with the fleet feet
of the girl as she steadily followed an up
ward course, but her excited manner and!
hasty steps served as a stimulus, and In
fear and trepidation Jack hurried «t»ward.
Song Bird stopped suddenly, and with
horror depicted upon her countenance
pointed downward over a jagged wall of
rocks. Jack drew nearer until his feet
rested upon the very edge of the chasm;
then he stooped forward to penetrate its
depths and shuddered as he thought of
what his eyes might rest upon.
Noiselessly Song Bird stepped forward:
one push from her strong, sinewy hands
and Jack fell forward, while a wild, ex
ultant laugh rang in his ears and echoed
among the mountains era It died away
Into silence. The Indian girl had kept
her trust of silence, but her wild, uncon
trollable love for the paleface captive
could not endure the fierce pangs of jeal
ousy-that rankled in her heart.
Jack's feet struck the hardened earth
and it was with difficulty he kept from
falling. On every side rose the rocky
walls, from whose crevices bright tangled
vines had taken root and trailed careless
ly over the loosened stones. Nestled,
among leaves of the glossiest green there
seemed to be gems of the rarest bright
ness, piercing and beautiful, growing
larger and more lustrous a3 the eyes of
Jack became fixed upon them, held as by
a magic spell. A subtle, burning, faacij
natlng gleam seemed darting directly Into
his eyes from every direction and formed;
a cloud of brightly hued colors that lulled
to sleep the senses of discrimination and
confused that of perception. He felt dizzy;
and sick, his blood seemed to run cold
through his veins, and yet he stood irreso
lute, unable to even cast a glance upward
toward the blue canopy of heaven. Pow
erful eyes shot forth fatal darts of fas
cination, malignantly bright, paralyzing
with terror and denying their victim the
pewer of flight even if the rocks had
parted and opened a way of escape. A
single cry above him awakened his con
sciousness but to the realization that his
feet rested in a cave that had long been
the nest of monstrous rattlesnakes. He
strove to scream, but his voice died away
like a feeble echo from afar off, and he
sank senseless upon the rocks. While flat
heads, distended mouths and curving?
necks threatened with Instantaneous
death; the long, tubulated fangs,
charged with venom, were ready to pierce
the flesh, -while the audibly articulated
ring announced the nature of the danger
ous presence by which he was surround
ed. "When Jack opened his eyes the cool
evening breeze gently fanned his brow
and above him bent the form of "Wallla.
while at his side lay a lasso of twisted
bark. He shuddered as memory returned
to him, but the dark eyes gazing into his
with love mirrored in their dusky depths
•filed the frightened heart and served as
a soothing balm to the overwrought
nerves. Again his eyes closed and the
-power of sense was lost while Wailla,
Wrapt him closer, last the air. too raw,
Should reach his blood; then o'er him. still
as death.
Bent, with hushed lips, that drank hi« scarce
drawn breath.
"¦Wailla." Jack said, softly, "again you
have saved my life. "With ail possible
haste now I must get back to the settle
ment, for It will not be- long- before yon
v der hounds are upon my" track and further
efforts upon your part would be futile.
. Girl, can't you go, too? I cannot leave
you here. Some way you 'are different. I
had a sister once, a tiny, laughing tot.
whom we all fairly worshiped. She was
stolen when but 5 years old. My mother
has never recovered from the loss and my
father "still mourns the child who would
now be a woman grown. Come back with,
me to that home, Wailla. My parents will
never forget the preserver of their only
remaining: child, and all that loving hearts
can do will be done to make, you happy."
Wailla could not understand all that
Jack said, but her knowledge of English,
enabled her to comprehend his meaning.
She grew deadly pale as Jack continued
speaking and then, tearing from her neck
a tiny locket, she thrust it Into his open
palm. To his utter amazement Jack
found within the closed cases the pic
tured face of his mother. «|SMMM|
"Floss, my stolen sister," he cried.
"Come, for the love of heaven, com©, be
fore it Is too late."
The remainder of our story is briefly
told. "Wailla proved to be Floss Kennel
worth, who had been stolen by the Uma
tillas and brought up as one of their own.
The locket she had been permitted to re
tain, ' as the Indians supposed it to be a
charm against evil. The child grew to
young womanhood, often looking at tha
mirrored face, little dreaming it was that
of her mother. She had a dim recollec
tion that her surroundings In early lif •
had been different. The palefaces cap
tured by the tribe always aroused her
deepest sympathy, and the wild, savage
scenes enjoyed by them were but visions
of horror to her white nature. As Jack
related the story of his lost sister mem
ory seemed to return to her of earlier
days and she wanted but the proof of the
picture to vefify the relationship "her heart
told her existed between them.
After, several days of traveling without
shelter or food, excepting a few herbs.
Jack and Floss reached a colony of . emi- '
grants who provided them with donkeys
and the necessary provisions to carry
them farther eastward, where anxious
parents welcomed their long-lost child.
Home surroundings and the advantages of,
education soon obliterated all traces of
the years spent with thosa of another race'
and color.
THE SUNDAY ;C ALL.
5
WAILLA BY MABEL E
KERR£"T^IERE Is coasting going . on right
I here in California.
I Time was when the Eastern boy
I and girl crowed over their Califor-
A nia cousins because the land of suri-
Fhine permitted no coasting such as the
Easterner knows. Coasting Is part of
every education' in the 'East, said they;
coasting i& the best fun there is made for
young America. If you don't coast, they
brasged, you ure strictly not in it. Ever
make a ions bob tiled by nailing a plank
to three or four sets of runners? they in
quired, tantalizingly. Ever get on her at
the top of a long, Icy slope? Ever say
"One, two, three, let her go," and start
ripping down the hill, skimming the hard
snow like the wind? Aw! You haven't
got any, snow here. Aw! What do you
know about fun, anyway? ¦ -¦. .
You boys and girls, just tell them that
they needn't talk any more. ! <i».K*
11 you only know. how. you can coast
out here as well as anybody can in Siber
ia, and have your glorious climate all the
time besides. . .¦ ¦ ¦
Did you know that a grassy California
hillside is the very place to ,take your
sleds on. a warm day? I^et me tell you
what I saw the other day near Pasadena.
I'd like to see it everywhere m the State
that there are boys and girls, for it's one
kind of a good tirfte. .
There were eight or ten. boys and a fol
lowing of girls going up along hill, with
immense unpainted single, sleds on their
backs. ....-• ..-,:. , . .. : .
I tied my horse under the shade of a
giant live oak and started out in the boil
ing sun on a. tour of inspection, overtaking
the climbers about half way, up the hill.
I called to a boy: "Hello, there! What
are you dcinjf?" ; :
The entire tiock stopped with. faces :full
of surprise and . curiosity, mingled - with
alarm. Undoubtedly they took > me - for . a
landlord. I called out again: "What on'
earth. are" you doing in : this . hot sun?-
They looked at one another, in some sort
of dismay, as if they had never taken the
trouble to ;name their -pastime; ; then one
big. boy;~ whose .vocabulary was broad,
very politely - replied: ¦; '"Coasting, ¦¦. air!".
"Coasting?".' . I shouted, with not v a few
sneers. -'.'Where aj-a you colng?" "Why.
up : the : hill, ; sir!" came '. from- a - dozen
voices.' "Come on, have a slide! 1 ' said a
hospitable ; little .fellow ; in : blue overalls,
barefooted and bareheaded. u
-They were coming at a splendid. rate..
That was 'indeed a coasting party. At
times the: sleds .went fast and smoothly,
then they would slow up, when tne chn
dren would push :with : their hands and go
on.-. If a sled: struck -a* bunch of hore
hound.over the outfit would go, only to
be at once righted and started beyond.
If asled refused to. shy at.poison oak. off
woujd^roll the enthusiastic youth, pick up
his sled and himself,* and start beyond the
poison. '"•.The older .-; ones managed the
brakes, but, the younger. came down hit
or miss. -ftSBS
A ; hillside covered with ripeninsr jrrasa
can . be made a very slippery slut The
first sled that goes down has a slow time
of it,- but lays many a blade of Brass in
the right direction. Eight ; or ten sled*
soon accomplish, this, and a perfecfcoLst
ing ground is established. A log makes
It extremely slippery. The^oastine re
sroimd S hv d th U Vi Bra l 3 » "¦*£"• o«* the"
fs started The e n S * ?7 rhen , a new coura e
li,i a iea> •the pastime is new t<% th«
w« r £V n( U neIr sleds ar « curias. Each
boys makes his own, and the klne of the
lo \. astonished me most. • The runners were
solid pieces of wood, cut after a snowed
pattern, from lumber at leaVt two Caches"
thick. Only one or two sle<33 were ironed,
the others being polished and waxed. The
first slide of a day is never as slick as
the successive slides, the runners getting
°ut of condition by inaction.
The sleds are about four feet Ions by
two feet wide. The seat te on the extreme
back, being a broad brace, and three nar
row braces. in front of it keep the run
ners in firm shape. The slfed3 have open
tops. A brake is put on either side. Tne
coasters generally carry the sleds up hi! I
on their backs, and the wise ones avoid
goin? up the course for the sake of sure
foothold, and to save the lain grass frou..
being caught up or turned. _
.¦/..... J. E. STRAW.
. ¦ »¦ — ¦ . . *
The reason for dwelling so extensively
upon this matter is because, as has been
well said, the development of the child
begins many years before his birth. Somo
months past a gentleman visited our as
sociation, bringing with him his son. a
boy of 12, and stated that he desired very
much to have his ton take our course In
gymnp.stics. hoping to remedy his physical
defects. As one looked from father to son,
with half an eye he could see the exact
resemblance in body and countenance.
The protruding abdomen which the father
mind and body. Consequently we find
him active and progressive along all the
lines of advancement. Indeed, he has
been looked upon since- his day of triumph
as an examph of physical and mental
culture. True, his spiritual s«de was
neglected, consequently we find his sports
and pastimes nrutal and impure, the can
oer of immorality llnally eating away the
foundation- of his grand empire. .
The American, who is "the best example
of modern man, crowds the brain, and we
are glad to say Ik paying much attention
to his spiritual side, so much so that we
find America n. va*?.t improvement upon
the past and exerting a marked influence
for pood upon the entire universes Gladly
we see the unfolding and progress of our
brainy countrymen. We enjoy the push
and energy of our "Yankee brethren.".
The question is. Are they living upon the
vigor and nerve of their own getting or
upon the robust constitutions of those men
who fought a good fight with nature in
old New England? It was men like those
who stored up enough bodily vigor for a
multitude of our countrymen to I ejtist;
these unthinkingly Bacriflce health " for
valueless bubbles.
their, own faulty .physiques. . they do not
realize- how important a matter it is un
til, they see the ill-shaped child, a picture
of themselves
A friend some days ago, as we were dis
cubsing this subject of inherited tenden
cies, remarked that He had some doubt
about the truth cf such a belief. . "For
example,", said h<\ "v.e have two chil
dten in ciir family, both boys: onft very
muscular, . the other-- thin and somewhat
weak, while I myself am quite an athlete "
and always paid attention to health.*';
I said, "Yours must be an exceptional
case; how abcut your wife? Is she as...
healthy and' w§ll developed as yourself ?"y'
¦"Ah!.- 1 had 'not thought 'of that.", he. re- ¦¦_•
plied. - "Our oldest ch?ld resembles' hlvO"!
mother a great deal,. while the youngest *
takes after me.' I guess you were right
in our case after all. • ¦ i
You parents mij^ht as well be fair to
your children. If you are not fit physi-.
cally to become parents, get to work and"
by persistent exercise and iittcntlon to
common-son^e health rules make men and
women of yourself. "You can do it.
A serious mistake parents make often
times is in the lack of instruction they
give to the child regarding his body.
Teach your boy that his body 1b for use. .
Teach him that his body is the expression
of mind and soul. .Tell him the sacred
neBBof pure manhood. Let him under
stand that he should cultivate his brain
as vigorously as circumstances will al
low, but by no means let him think that
hla brain is a storehouse for all he can
put into it, at the expense of his body.
Let him get his mental culture in connec
tion with the proper unfolding of his
physical capacity.
mental. What we will need, most in th«
twentieth century is not more men with
classical educations but a higher type of
manhood— robust manhood; buoyant man
hood. , . • -•' .;-.. . •
Strong men, .vigorous men, powerful
men, succeed. -LJnooln was one: a man
who used hand and brain as one. : Mcn
tvith sturdy leys, strong backs, cheats
largo enough and powerful enough to bear
successfully the trying demands of mod
ern times.' . - . ' ...
If we desire vigorous men our boys mu&t
be active, hearty and playful. . ,
.^ Are we nil doing our bes»t to make the
youth •active'and robust? Do.: we -encour
ag£r b.y:jt voice'- and example 'vigorous life -
Riving' sports? -Let' us watcht our. boys
lined up before passing in at one; of our
public schools.- What do we see? Brlzht.
intcjillgent faces? Ye3. The Children have
plenty of study, perhaps more than ••¦ is
good for their physicm development. N?
tice their bodlos. How about them? A fqvv
you see erect, weir knit, robust, who«ft
faces show visor; 1 but the majority are.
slightly stooped, narrow of chest - and
shoulder, too fat or too thin, and could
be put down as sr»otl physical specimens.
Compare them with thfir country couslnf.
Put a tane around tin* chests. Do . you
wonder that the countrv turn. 1 } out better
men than the city? Why Ik it that countrv
boys who come Into town for their higher
education almost nlwavs carry off the
hig-heBt honors? Whnt other reason than
a hetter i>hyf>lcnl nvnko-ur»?
If our boys a^e not what they should
be physically there is a cause for It. Func
tion makes structure. If- a boy has the
right kind. of exercise and plenty of.lt he
will be properly developed. True, pupils
Through what pyEtem the child gets his
physical development is a question of
minor importance, just so it is supplied.
In order to make the coming generation
as healthful and manly as the past boys
must have superb physical foundations. A
robust constitution will be needed vastly
more in the rush of the coming century
than in the slower time-taking age of the
past. Boys driven to the utmost mentally
should have and must have an equal
amount of physical recreation and devel
opment. ¦ ¦-..
As we study the conditions of the past
we find that primitive man. living close
to nature, getting his food first hand from
the earth, battling against storm and
beast, was of necessity and by virtue of
his surroundings strong, active and
healthy. In fact, he paid little or no at
tention to cither physical or mental de
velopment.
As the centuries passed on we find the
man of the middle ages paying marked
attention to both physical and mentalcul
ture. The Roman was an athlete and
loved physical exercises because they
gave him health, strength and bodily con
trol. A man must earn his title to man
bood by showing himself developed to a
eet Ptandard. he said. The Roman de
spised a weakling. Some have a distorted
Idea, that to develop the physical powers
dwarfs the mental capacity and lessens
the energies. The Roman knew better;
he was athlete, statesman, warrior, phil
osopher. The Roman realized that power
lay in the round development of both
As we see the rapidity with which the
cities of our union are growing in popu
lation and a similar decrease in the op
portunities for our youth to come in con
tact with the natural conditions of coun
try life and those influences which are
incentives for vigorous activity and play
fulness in any boy it is high time parents
and those who have the development of
the child in hand should realize how vast
ly important it is that this urgent need
for physical exercise should be supplied. .
"What we ¦want to do is to give them
•11 these things. It's a hard matter if
one lives in a fiat and the school yard is
only big enough for a game of mumble
the-peg. But it can be done and by sys
tematic exercise. In order to . keep up J
with the strenuous uemands of civiliza-'
lion boys must have the savage in them
partly developed.
They haven't the muscle. They haven't
the grit They haven't the ginger. They
are a flabby lot compared with the farm
bred youngster or the South Sea Islander.
•^N ERHAPS you fancy that the 6mall
ji 1 boy can't be overcivilized. ES-
Hix pedally do you think so if he be
j longs to your neighbor. And you
i are vastly mistaken.
He may tie the can to the dog's tall
find pinch the baby and stick pins in his
sister; but these things prove him only
part savage. When it comee down to
food E&vagedom, to the bedrock of the
matter, our city boys are nowhere. They
«r« overdvllteed.
had allowed to hamper mm naa passed
by natural laws to his son. The narrow
chest, hard breathing and chronic ca
tarrh, which almost always go hand in
hand, were found In both. The fat, unde-
N^loped legs and slowness of motion were
the same. ¦. " ¦ .
How many parents make that mistake?
Instead of correcting,' as far. as possible,
A sound body is not the only needea itt*.
tor in life, but it's a L-pier.dii thing with
jfhich to start; and a thing necessary to
health and happiness. Nature meant your
boy to be strong; don't let your Ignorance
or, Drudishness stand In the way. In or
der to make the coming generations aa
healthful and manly as the past ; boys
must have physical culture «"• w ' tt !J «••
in a number of our larger cities, ana some
of the smaller cities, are required to do a
certain amount of calisthenics each day.
This is all very good, but. there is not
half enough of it. and it should be sup
plemented by other hearty and vigorous
exercise. Calisthenics are not a substi
tute for. the many good, old-fashioned
games ana sports outdoors, where the
lungs may be refreshed and the rudd>
glow of richer blood brought on the cheek.
Give your boy every chance; get him a
pair of dumb-bells, put" up a turning bar
fn your back yard or in your doorway,
teach him lively tricks and vigorous
games. If you cannot nnd time or apace
For these let him join a gymnasium. See
what provision is made in our cities for
romping grounds, where the boys can
play run-sheep-run, rag-a-tag. prisoner s
base, shinny and baseball. ' •
In England an/i Germany and Middle
Europe large tracts are laid aside for the
especial purpose of providing playgrounds.
Not only is this done, but I learn thatvthe
Government employs teachers, who have
the entire oversight of city gymnasiums,
schools having a certain time each day
for their pupils to spend In training and
play.
In our American cities too much thought
has been given. to economy of space and
not enough provision made for public use.
Instead of spacious playgrounds that
would give the boys plenty of freedom,
we find such signs as "Keep off the
grass," "Five dollars fine "for playing in
public places." Boys who perchance can
not hold in any • longer and engage in a
friendly bout or wrestle are promptly col
lared and punished becaflse "boys will be
boys." .
*
There are scores of educated men who
really know little of practical value; yes.
plentv of men .'killed In botany, astron
omy," Latin and Greek who are really
mighty helpless fellows and a burden on
their fellowmen. Physical education
should be compulsory in every school.
Progress should be expected. Physical
strength should be the rule and not the
exception. It is as necessary for a boy to
walk run and oreathe properly as for him
to be' posted on Waterloo or know about
the reign of Queen Anne. You teachers.
by example, should create a desire among
your pupils for physical development.
Get out upon the playgrounds, in case
there are any. and show the boys the
right kind of games. By "right kind I
mean those which give physical vigor, not
spinning tops, throwing jaekkniveg or
Playing marbles, it is not only a parents
OOd-given privilege to give the child every
advantage to build him up. but his duty.
At an early age the boy should be taught
to love vigorous, manly exercise, gamea
that will develop his running, lifting,
jumping and staying powers, and as he
grows older he will have unbounded de
light in proper manly physical develop
ment.
Give the boy a^hance., BRADEN
Physical Director Throop Institute and T.
M. C. A., Pa3adena, Cal.
THE SUNDAY CAIX.
6
HOW TO GIVE YOUR BOSS EXCERCISE
NOW CALIFORNIA BOYS AND GIRLS COAST;.. ... .-. . . .
' . ¦ ¦-.,*:¦.-¦
he supported himself, for he was too old
then to do a man's work.
The majority of Aupi's neighbors can't
remember when no 772s young enough to
do any work at all. , He has lived on char
ity so long that he accepts it as a matter
of course. Mrs. Canty carries him hi3
meals and has done so for years, and if
she is late by so much as a quarter of an
hour he threatens her with his treasured
stick. -
"You bad to-day, mammal you bad to
day."
He blinded himself when chopping. wood
several" years ago and this* increased his
helplessness many fold. During the time
that he was able to walk out his friends
used to carry him over the ditch that was
near his home. Even' little girls would
pick him. up a3 easily as if he were a
Uoll.^'M
At this , time, *_when he could. not take
care of himself, boys began 'to torment
him* and this fact may be responsible for
his. very.! bad temper. They infuriated him
by calling to him and: throwing stones and
riaa left. There he would be a Prlnco, ln«
deed, ruling over people who honored him
as 7 they had revered his father. There!
"Aupi" would become "Prince Aupi Maru
Mori," and men would salaam before him.
So he treasured -his- money and 'eagerly
sought for more.- ¦
"All gone-rail gone."
He ran off into an excited mumbling, In
which a little English was mixed with
much Spanish and more Indian.
"All gone— no more— no left," came out
of the heap jit words:
His wrinkled brown hands were flying
about his head". .His voice rose to a cry,
to a shriek. He broke -into a' cough that
stopped'.his words and racked him," leav
ing him /clasping a mighty pain, in his
, poor old head. '-^^^^^^^E^^SSS^
When he could talk again he Went an.
• fo tell the- story or" the loss of what was
the beginning of a fortune to him.
"I put five hundred dollars Into a bank
in Victoria,", he said, "and | seven hundred
¦into Duncan's Bank here. Both the
banks failed and ] there was hone of my
money left, not a cent." ,
- .This, then,. was the end of the princely
dream. The money was gone, the sum
• which was . nearly enough, 'to take him
back to India with' the dignity befitting.
He was too'old to begin over. The prince
ly dream was ended.
"Then, how' did you make your living?"
"I washed in .Washerwomans Bay."
The old residents who remember. back
to the time when Washerwomans Bay
was a bay in reality, not a drained dry,"
empty lot, as it is" now, and who remem
ber the Mexican colony that; used to live
roundabout it .and. the Mexican women
'who used to -go down: to its. shores and
wash clothes in it, these remember Aupl
among the circle of washers scrubbing
clothes with what strength there was" In
his wizen little brown arms, in this way
his way to California.' In his rambling
talk he told us that Calcutta was his first
home, and. then he drifted so far afield
that we couldn't pump another fact about
his boyhood, save that all his family were
dead when he left India'except a sister,
younger than he. -v.
He knows nothing about her.
There can't be a doubt as to his nation
ality. Little and withered as he is now,
he looks like the photographs of famine
sufferers in India. He is dark brown and
tiny, with clawlike hands and feet. His
short white beard fringes his facelike the
beard of a marmoset.
The point at which he begins to remem
ber is when he went to the California
mines . in '49 days. There he made his
It is on this point that the tragedy of
his life hinges." : ; '..
It seems that • his one ambition upon
reaching California, was to gather togeth
er "enough money to return to India.
There he 'would take up the life that he
not able to earn his own meat. Convey
the butcher has a kind heart and he" said:
"You can't pay fcr your meat, Aupi,
and you don't need to. You come to me
every week and I'll give you meat as long
as you live." .»
"Thank you, papa, thank you," Bald
Aupi, just as ho does now.
"And you won't have to come but once
or twice more." Convey added.
"You see, papa; you see'."
And he did see. For thirty years Con
vey the butcher has furnished Aupl with
meat, pending the 'time when he doesn't
need any more. Since he has been con
flnedat home Convey has, sent it to him
cooked.
Aupi speaks very little English, for he
has lived mostly among the Mexicans in
California. When we went to see him and
took along a Spanish interpreter he sat
up in bed in his eagerness to talk Span
ish. He was so cold when he ' sat up
that he had to. wrap a flour sack about
him. put on a hat and light his" pipe, but
sit up he, would, so that he could gestic
ulate the better while he told the story
of his life: ;>V "
The first part of it !s so dim to him now
that it has to be gathered from the neigh
bors who heard it in early days.
It runs that he is an East Indian Prince
who was- kidnaped in a very -faraway
youth and taken to the South Sea Islands.
From there, where he worked as a slave
for colonists, he broke away and made
and people in the neighborhood brinfe
him food. It is a miserable way for him
to get along, and his friends proposed
that he be taken vhere he could be looked
after professionally, as befits his rank.
"What shall we do?" they all sa'.d. and
kept saying it over and over in the way
that people have.
"We'll telephone to the Asfoclatec
Charities." said Captain Canty of Engine
31, going at the matter with a blow from
the shoulder. Thereupon he telephoned,
the Associated Charities took up the mat
ter and the word of the case was sent to
the City and County Hospital.
There was no time lost. The hospital
eent its ambulance and all looked like
smooth sailing ahead for the Prince.
The ambulance drovp up. It could not
drive to the door, owing to there being
no porte-cochere. In fact, it had to be
left out on Gough street while the officei
found his way over an ash pile, over an
other ash pile, under a fence, through a
junk heap, under another fence, through
another Junk heap, to the entrance of the
royal residence.
He opened the door and entered in Joy
ful spirit. He had come to the Prince with
exactly what he must want; he was proud
and cheerful and he greeted his Highness
pally.
"Here we are, Aupi. Come on. You're
off at last."
"What? What? Who are you?" Aupi
mumbled in a turmoiL
"I'm the City and County Hospital.
You're in luck, Aupi. to be taking a trip
with me. Heave ho. there!'"'
As he reached a pair of sturdy arms into
the bunk preparatory to heaving ho he re
ceived a surprise. The sick took up his
bed and walked. Aupi, only somewhat
larger than a good-pized cricket, stone
blind and at the point of death, sprang up
together with all the gunnysacks, flour
bags, blankets and carpeting that covered
him and seized his stick. It is as long as
his cabin will hold and as stout as a
boomerang.
Whack! It came down over the shoul
ders of the well-meaning officer. Whack!
again, and it descended on his ! head.
Whack! once more and it struck only
epace. The officer was outside, recalling
a law which presented itself to him some
thing in this wise:
"It a man does not want to leave his
home you are not obliged to oblige him
to." - . ;
He was very glad of that law. It com
pelled him to return promptly to the wait
ing' ambulance on Gough street. He drove
A Fall From a Great Height
Will Tear the Shoes
From Your Feet
I ASKED the men on the new. East
River bridse it any of their mates
who had fallen from the top of the
tower had lost their boots In the de
scent, said an old engineer. "They all
declared that they had not, but I believe
that they did. If they didn't. East River
bridge builders are setting a new' stand
ard for the workmen of the future to fall
by. In the past the men who fell from
great heights were pretty sure to lose
their boots before they reached the
ground. Miners who fell down deep
shafts struck the earth barefoot, and the
builders of high towers who were so un
lucky as to lose their footing reached
terra firma in the same condition. Of
course there were exceptions to the rule,
but in all these exceptional cases the
footgear was laced skintight, and the
general conditions of the fall were such
as to prove the rule of loosened shoes.
•'This subject always held especial in
terest for me, but nowhere have 1 found
a satisfactory explanation of the phe
nomenon. In the summer of 1SS6 I was on
an Ohio River steamboat plying between
Cincinnati and Cairo. Once we pulled
out from Cincinnati about 10 o'clock in
the evening. By'the time we reached the
lower bridge we were making pretty fair
headway. I was standing on the upper
deck, about two feet from the railing,
looking up into the network of the
bridges' wires. . Just as we entered the
shadow I saw. something large and black
fall from the railing above and shoot
down toward the water. For a few sec
onds I held my breath, and not until I
heard a thud on the deck beside me did I
collectmy wits sufficiently to realize that
a man had fallen off the bridge and that
I must give the alarm. Even then I
picked up the object at my feet before
calling to the rest of the crew. The thing
that had brought me to my senses was a
boot— a high top boot of fine leather and
email -size. My mites had been aroused
by a splash in the water at the stern of
the boat and we put quickly about and
summoned aid, but although boatmen
beat about in the river half the night
they found no trace of the man.
"Most people inclined to the belief that
he had escaped, for an examination of th«»
boot revealed that h© had good reasons
for avoiding pursuit. Inside the lining
of the boot were found important docu
ments that had been stolen from a promi
nent business man of Covington. At first
it was believed that the boot would prove
a valuable clew whereby the. thief might
be traced, but it was destitute of telltale
marks and was utterly useless so far as
the clearing up of the mystery went. The
papers were the thing coveted, however,
and once they had been restored 1 their
owner did not feel inclined to spend much
time and money in trying to answer the
questions. 'Who was the thief?' 'Where
was her and 'Did he fall from the bridge
by accident or design?' \ But although
those problems are "yet unsolved the ad
venture demonstrated to my satisfaction
that boots do slip off feet in a swift d*>
scent from some great height,- and the
next time some poor fellow tumbles from
East River bridge I hope his friends win
pay particular attention to hi* boots."
lie made himself master ot u. complete j
vocabulary of swears in three- languages
which he could hurl at them in return
and which he applies now t» anybody wha |
crosses his fancy.
His friends and defenders bought him a
police whistle and tied it about hi3 littla
pipe stem of a. neck and he had the coro
fort of trilling the whistle whenever a boy
came near him. There never was a po
liceman who heard, but the whistle served
to frighten the boys.
"Were you ever married, Aupi?"
He went off into a cackle of laughter.
"It was all I ever could do to support
myself," he wheezed.
It appears to have been even, more. Two
years ago, when he had left a lamp burn
ing in his cabin and returned to find a
pile of ashes. Captain Canty built him a
new cabin and there he is now. It is cer
tainly not large enough for a wife.
He gave up long ago any desire to
return to India, It was too late, ha said.
Those who knew him were cone. The
royalty of his line might have faded. HIa
rule must have passed to another. Ha
wants to stay here.
So this prince who planned once to
return to his people and rule over them
lies old and sick in a shanty that charity
built and ekes out the little life left him
with food that charity furnishes. It 19
charity that needs relief more than he,
for his care has fallen upon the shoulders
of a very few and he is more to take cars
of than an orphan asylum.
He was growing tired of us as we stood
there talking him over, and he dismissed
us after his customary fashion, which 13
as gracious as it is final and in both 'quali
ties savors of royalty.
"You must -go? Too bad. Good-by,
good-by."
And as we closed the door unon him ha
burst forth into a cracked, cackling song
in his native tongue, the weirdest chant
that mortal ever heard.
Feed him, then leave him alone and let
him sing, and he is content. Thus royalty.
away. to hi» heaaouarters. delivered hif
report and dropped the matter. .
That settles it.
The hospital - people can do nothing.
They are rendered helpless in all their at
tempts to aid Aupi by the law which says
that no one can compel a man to leave
his own home against his wish.
For Aupi's wish is not going to change.
He has ilved in that cabin among the
ashes and the Junk these two years and
in the same neighborhood in another cabin
for some half a hundred years before that
and you could no more transplant him
than you could the Charter Oak. He won't
go. For it is too late to return to his
people.
His idea of a hospital is that it is a
chamber of tranquillity. He is firmly con
vinced that his days are numbered if he
enters there, and as it is, being not a day
over 130, Aupi looks forward to being here
when wireless telegraphy connects us with
Mars. He isn't going to be duped into
dying, not he.
His age Is something that nobody is
quite sure of, but it is certainly not over
130. H is anywhere between that and 125.
He lived here before pioneer days, before
the gringos came, and those who remem
ber him then say that he was a very old
man at that time.
Thirty years ago he had a sickness and
people said then that it must be his last,
for he was too old to withstand it.
Convey. thPbutcher, noticed that he was
THE Prince of Washerwomans Bar
lies sick unto death in the royal
residence.
What's more, he won't be moved
from that same residence, although
the draughts play hide and seek in and
about the crack under the door and cer
tain neighbors have a careless Way of
helping themselves to the provisions that
charity furnishes, and the Prince, being
blind and without retinue at present, has
no way to guard his own.
There is a bulldog dwelling near him,
but the bulldog is a lazy cuss.
Consequently when* the officer of the
City and County Hospital went for the
Prince the other day to take him away
there was nobody, not even the bulldog,
to defend him. And the officer, who in-
Fists that he had the best intentions in
the world, blundered straight into the
residence and was for carving him oft,
when he took matters into his own hands,
rose from his bed and beat off the in
truder with a stick. It should have been
the duty of a royal bodyguard.
The Prince has a delightful name. It is
Aupi Maru Mori, which sound's some
thing like a college yell— as for instance:
Aupi Maru Mori
Naughty-two for glory!
And wind up with a "Rah!" Or, better
yet, like a counting-out:
On*, two, who told a utory? *
. Three, four, Aupi Maru Mori,
And so on to "You're it."
He has lived in the Washerwomans
Bay region ever since anybody can re
member, and he has been old enough to
die for all of that time. He Is Aupl to
everybody around there, and everybody
has seen him for years, bent like a car
penter's square, creeping along with his
big stick.
Now that he has reached the time when
the grasshopper has become a burden—
the grasshopper in this case evidently be
ing his own worn-out body, which is like
enough to that of a brittle little brown
rrasshocper's— he lies almost helpless.
THE 'SUNDAY CALL:
7
THE PRINCE OF
WASHERWOMAN'S
BAYTHERE are many people who from a
false idea of economy fail to get tha
best results from the use of Ice and
refrigerators. A common mistake is
getting a small piece of ice every day or
every other day instead of filling the Ice
chamber two or three times a week. The
small piece of ice cannot reduce the tem
perature sufficiently, and the result la
that each new piece melts rapidly and the
food cannot be kept long. It will be found
at the end of the season that the cost of
ice and waste of food have been much
greater than if the ice chamber had been
kept filled. Another mode of economiz
ing is to wrap the ice in woollen cloths or
paper. This would be all right If the idea
were to preserve the ice, but thus wrap
ped it cannot cool the refrigerator, and so
fails in doing Its legitimate work. There
are. on the other hand, people who are
perfectly reckless in the way they waste
ice and lower the temperature of the re
frigerator. Such people place warm food
in the refrigerator, and even on the ice.
hoping to cool it more quickly, thus rais
ing the temperature and producing a va
por which is bad for both the food and the
refrigerator. People should learn that
.food cools, to a certain point, more quick
ly in the open air than in a closed refrig
erator.—Ladies* Home Journal
THE ECONOMY
OF ICE
There are twenty variations of the trick.
In case one is exposed there are nineteen
others to fall back on. There are wireless
telegraphy; the Ridden camera, that com
mands the house; a little silken thread,
running from the '.man in the gallery, to
the little spring trigger under the per
forated shoe of the girl at the piano, held
high above the audience by the big chan
delier or a pendant from the celling. This
Invisible silk thread is worked' by the man
in the gallery repeating the signals by*, a
tick-tack code, giving the numbers to the
pianist on the stage. Then .there '¦ is the
telegraph wire, laid down along the aisle
or to the gallery, the 7 - signal being given
looking screen/ panel Deanng a double
headed eagle— the Austrian coat of arms —
surmounting the large cabinet of cos
tumes occupying so much space on, the
stage. The programme does not explain
that this screen panel Is transparent from
behind, and that an accomplice with a
.strong magnifying lens reads every move
'made by Svengali; and not a word is said
of the other man in the ¦ gallery, who
faces Svengali and repeats his signals to
the man behind the transparent coat of
arms bearing the imperial eagles of Aus
tria, who directs the pretty .girl at tha
piano and the impersonator at the cab
inet. . :vr '^ • -. - : r/:- : 'r.':"^
' By touching his head, chin or or
that particular part of his body designat
ed in' the signal code of the Svengali Corn
pany.V The "diagram given herewith illus-
But how?
When' a, spectator whispers "Dickens"!
Svengali knows it is No: 4, and hie signals
accordingly. - : . . ; :
Here is an illustration of how the figure
system can . be worked. As explained
above, the famous personages, ¦ popular
songs and operas "are on numbered" lists.
Svengali in the aisle,' with his code of sig
nals, has all these numbers committed to
memory. 1 '.'¦* ,' $'r\\^0'.
The Systems Explained.
In the present performance by the Sven
galis the key signals, so few and simple
as to be unobserved by a majority of the
spectators, : tell the chief operator, con
cealed behind a transparent screen on the
stage", what has been ; whispered as clearly
as if the word were shouted through a
megaphone.
with the foot fo deftly that the man at
the operator's elbow, his eyes glued to
the stage, knows nothing of it, -all of
which may be verified by visiting Martin
ka's Palace of Magic, in Sixth avenue,
where other equally .wonderful tricks are
exploited and explained to visiting magi
cians, from: Kellar. to Herrmann.
You can label your ; eyes, your move
ments or even your glances, meting, them.
: If you label the Lord's prayer No. 4 and
the Declaration of Independence No. 5 you
may instantly telegraph the mighty liter
ature, through wireless space-^enough lit
erature to save all Europe from* anarchy—
by two natural' movements of: the hand.
Thus you have the code/ system by
which operators can communicate vol
umes by using a codified list of numbered
words or. sentences.' . . •¦ .
Say the human . head Is .used for this
purpose. Imagine the top of the head,
right hand side, as No. 1, the right ear as
No. 2, the jaw. as -No. 3 and the neck as
the cipher; the forehead No. 4,' the hose
No! 5, the chin No. 6,-the top of the head
on the left side as No. 7, the left ear No. 8
and'the, left side of the jaw No. 9. ¦" -
trates the system of communication by
numbers, nine figures and a cipher (0), by
which all the wealth of the world may ba
measured, and. any, number of words may
be communicated without a word of
speech./One has but to •• map out a square
on his face, breast or body and number
it with these nine-figures, with "an extra
space for the cipher, to. be ready for the
Svengali business. That is,? when he has
memorized the names and the numbers
representing, them.
But it may be asked, How does Sven
gali, or his confederates, rather, know
which list the names are to be found in?
That is easy to answer. A separate sig
nal designates it. When the Svengali shot
his hand into the air two fingers were dis
played, meaning list No. 2— the list con
taining the operas. Each signal tells its
story, tells the confederates on the staga
exactly what to' do, and so th© perform
ance proceeds, as wonderful to the spec
tators as if the spirits of the other world
were in control of the show and could pro
duce Caesar or Cleopatra in flesh, bones
and blood.
In all these spooky exhibitions the par
ticularly wise man in the audience who
was the wonder of fond parents. in his
boyhood sees everything but how tb'e
trick is performed." , > .
Even experts are now and then deceived
by some - new feat of legerdemain by a
new magician.' Look at the* wonders per
formed by Kellar and Herrmann. Last
week two professors of the art were dis
cussing new tricks in a friendly way,
when one of them said: "Have you seen
the latest? Here is a poker deck. Select
any card you please."
The friend drew, the queen, of hearts.
"Now write a line to my wife at the "Wal
dorf, asking her what card you have
drawn.". The friend wrote the. note,
handed it to the magician^ "sealed," and
asked if . the . address was correct. The
wizard barely took the envelope in his
. hand; ' handed > it back, - and a messenger
boy carried it* to the lady at the Waldorf,
immediately returning with the answer: '
Wonderful is the power of numbers
all the great libraries of statistics and
tabulated- statements are the magic ma
nipulation of nine little figures and a lone
ly cipher. v \
"Let them fight it out. I'm out of k.
Glad I'm happy, though rich."
Mr. Shaffer, having a little code of his
own on behalf of the 'strikers, puts "his
palm against his ear, saying, "Strike 'em
for "more than we want, and take what
you can get,\ or I'll skip the works and
jump the job v ." v
Not a' word had been uttered aloud, yet
to-morrow the continent may tremble and
Btocks go waltzing up and down the list.
And Mr. Carnegie, three thousand miles
away across the damp" sea, .puts his
thumb to ' his nose and says without
words: • :. : - :•'• y'' r -X'~r
Thus a conversational code may be im
provised and with such a list once coiu
mitted a lot of noiseless conversation may
be carried on by magnates or strike offi
cials at critical moments, as, for example:
, -Scene, corner of Broad and Wall streets
— Mr. Morgan, touches his chin, saying by
his private code to Mr. Schwab, "Make
terms with the strikers or I'll smash the
combination."
Any One Can I>o It.
take the places of the nine omnipotent
numbers. Again: Glance upward to the
right for No. 1, straight upward for No. 2
and upward to the left for No. 3. Re
peating, glancing horizontally for Nos. 4,
5 and 6. Repeating the same again, by
glancing downward for Nos. 7, 8 and 9,
and stroking your chin for the cipher (0).
With your back to the audience you can
telegraph in a similar way, using your
arm and elbow to make the necessary
signals.- Let the right arm, hanging down,
represent No. 1; the elbow, projecting
from the side, No. 2; elbow raised, No. 3.
Repeat with the left arm for Nos. 4, 5 and
6; with either hand placed naturally be
hind you, on the small of the back, above
the belt and over your shoulder for Nos.
7, 8 and 9, and on the back of your head
or neck for the cipher (0).
"Tou drew the queen of hearts from my
husband's pack."
The friend was astounded. Then tha
trick was explained. When the magician
took the envelope to glance at the super
scription he pinched the lower right-hand
corner, leaving the impress of his thumb
nail on the envelope. It told the lady that
the card was the Queen of hearts, in ac
cordance with a code of signals which
they had worked on for a month, with a
view to performing just such feats.
With a pencil divide an envelope into as
many squares as there are cards in a
pack, and number each square accord
ingly. By practice the operator will be
come perfect, able to tell at a glance on
any blank envelope Just what card may
be designated by the mark of
identification.
Another way Is to give your friend tha
number of the room, say 23, which is In
correct, it being the number of the card,
drawn. "I made a mistake," he said;
"the number should be 42." It is erased,
the right number (42) substituted. Tha
lady, seeing the number canceled by a
stroke' of the pen, knows it is the num
ber of the card.
Still another method la to let tha falsa
room number stand, as the hotel clerk will
send the note to the lady regardless of the
error, and by this false number on tha
envelope, supposed to represent the room,
the lady will know what card the friend
has drawn. How simple are the tricks
that mystify the wise and coin money for
the hard working magician!
"The moral of all this," said an expert,
"is that the really honest men are tha
professional magicians. They maka no
pretense that their feats are of a super
natural character, but the slat* writers
and bogus clairvoyants claim supernat-
ural power and demand money for com
municating with the dead, which is Im-
position and fraud.
"The tricks of Kellar and Herrmann fas
surpass the most expert of the mediums,
and no claim is made that they axa ofi
spiritual agency."
"ine situation was tersely summed up
yesterday by a distinguished "magician,"
who said: "The age of miracles is past.
Only one man performed miraculous
feats, and he was crucified."
eaid it was "great," and Svengali, the
genius of the show, wore a smile that
reached around ' the block.
If you don't know how such feats are
dene they simply bewilder the Imagina
tion. If your whispered thoughts can be
read by a stranger at the further end of
the hall, why isn't it all true, you ask
yourself — every claim made for the super
natural, communication with the absent
and dead, voices in the air, whispers at
midnight, voodooism and witchcraft,* ami
the telepathy that carried the news of
the Sepoy mutiny across Hindostan In a
moment of time. ,
"Th-re are more things in heaven and
earth than are dreamed of in your phil
osophy, Horatio," you murmur to your
self as the exhibition goes on, and weird
possibilities thrill those hungry for a
word from some dear friend beyond the
grave. Even the vteiting detective, who
got in on his badge, with telescope nose
end gimlet eyes, thinks it clairvoyance or
spirits. And so the tests go on, up one
aisle and down another, Spiritualists
¦whispering, "I told you so," and country
mediums believlns it all a part of the
spook gospel originated years ago by Ka-
piano.
Whispered Thoughts Instantly Read.
Theatrical managers and Chicago critics
THIS is what Oscar Hammerstein's
imported "mind readers," the Sven
j galis, do nightly at the Paradise
I Roof Garden's performance in New
York. It is the talk of the town.
Were a Hir.doo juggler, fresh from Cal
cutta, to toss the Fifth Avenue Hotel a
mile high into the air and keep it dancins
on the tip cf an imaginary wand it would
hardly seem less wonderful to the average
the_ater-goer than this mind reading feat—
a young lady on the stage, her back to
the audience, instantly playing the music
you have just whispered to Svengali, still
at your side; he asking if it is correct, and
you telling the audience, "Yes, perfectly
correct— wonderful!" and you go home
ready to believe in Spiritualism, Robinson
Crusoe, Jonah and the whale, and ail the
other things you have doubted for a hun
dred vears.
Others have the same experience. They
•whisper of Lincoln, Victor Hugo, Bis
marck, Wagner, Grant, Kruger, Dewey
and twenty other famous men, while still
others name opera airs, grand marches,
symphonies, and before the scent of Ken
tucky mint leaves their breath the whis
pered name is repeated on the stage and
the girl at the piano begins the music
> mentloned to the man Svengali at your
elbow.
Everybody Surprised at the Feats.
The audience naturally applaud, and the
¦waiters cease trying to make the right
change for refreshments. It all appears
marvelous, 'especially to men who have
traveled and seen things on both sides of
the Atlantic. The visiting card sharp who
can hide a "ten epot" under a freckle is
amazed, says it's a new one on him and
declares he could break a bonanza bank
VfUti such a trick worked in the Nevada
mines.
Country church members wonder If Sa
tan isn't running the ¦world, after all,
•while city people, smart bank clerks,
wardmen and police captains look on with
open-mouthed astonishment, as much be
wildered as the hayseed chaps from Cat
ekill or Hohokus, at the things, said, done
end "whispered in full view of the audi
ence, -with no dark lantern seances or
elate ¦writing; flummery to make one doubt
that It Is the real thing — genuine mind
reading. "It beats table tipping to Manila
end back again," an iron-faced lawyer
remarked to an infidel .brother-in-law,
who never believed in anything until he
whispered, "Czar Nicholas," and saw the
man on the stage, fifty feet away, whirl
around in his Majesty's uniform, while
the girl played the Russian hymn on the
"One can likewise whisper to the
gentleman in the auditorium the
name of en international opera,
operetta or international song. The
thought Hies :ikc lightning, and the
lady sings what is wanted, in
stantly, accompanying herself on
the piano."
7 WO persons (lady and gen
tleinan) are on the stage,
both with their backs toward
the audience. A third one goes into
the auditorium, with his back
toward the stage, to receive the
wishes of the audience. If the
name of any international celebrity
is whispered to him, with lightning
rapidity the thought is transmitted.
The gentleman on the stage turns
round immediately and appears in
features, bearing and dress as the
desired pcrsonagc-^-with wonder
fully startling resemblance. . '
A Confederate Behind a Screen.
But not a word is said of that curious
In the programme and show bills 'it. is
emphasized that the lady and gentleman
on the stage have'their backs to the audi
ence, while Svengali down in the aisle has
his back to the stage, making collusion
apparently impossible. This makes a pro
found impression on the. public.
The few experts present pay little atten
tion to the stage. Their eyes are fixed on
the man Svengali in the aisle, noting
every move he; makes. It is observed
that his numerous gestures, his frequent
use of his, handkerchief, the pressure of
his fingers on his eyes, i as if to hypnotize
his assistants on the stage, .are natural
movements, attracting no attention, yet
necessary to hide the vital 6ignals in tha
cipher code of the show.
The next man calls for an opera air,
"Bohemian Girl," and the . piano plays
"I Dreamt That I Dwelt In Marble Halls,"
etc. Another man suggests the magic
name Sheridan. It is echoed , aloud from
the stage, while ' the audience applauds
and the girl plays- "The Star-Spangled
Banner." . V
"Right," responds the man who whis
pered that -illustrious name. Then' there
is a craning of necks and crushing of pro
grammes, all 'eyes fixed on the stage,
where the impersonator, standing ¦ before
a cabinet of costume pigeonholes, with
the aid of an assistant has donned wig
and uniform in his lightning change and
whirls around disguised as Bismarck,
while the girl at the piano plays "The
Watch on the Rhine." It is all the work
of a few seconds and n;akes a great im
pression upon the spectator.
Herr Svengali, gesticulating freely but
naturally, pressing his eyes with his fin
gers for an instant as if going into a mo
mentary trance — only a second or two.
Just enough to Impress the audience
then thrusts a hand into the air, wipes
the moisture from his face with his hand
kerchief or leans toward a spectator,
seeking his attention, when a voice from
the stage says, "Bismarck."
How the Signals Are Concealed.
' The manager reiterates that if only
names of international reputation are
given the responses will be correct 909
times in a thousand. Then he descends
from the stage, and,^smiling right and
left, inclines his ear-tq catch the whis
pered wishes as he moves slowly up the
aisle, generally with his back to the
stage. An auditor whispers to him, "Bis
marck."
1— Bismarck.
2— Kinjf Humbert of Italy.
3 — Napoleon Bonaparte.
4-Kins Edward VII.
5 — Paul Kruser.
120— Lincoln.
POPULAR SONGS.
1 — "Home, Sweet Home."
2— "Last Rose or Summer." .
3— "Marseillaise.""
4— The jewel song: In "Faust."
5— Walter's Prize Sons.
101— "Comin" Thro' the Rye."
OPERAS.
l-"Farst."
2 — "Lohengrin."
3— "Bohemian Girl."
4 — "Lucia di Lammermoor."
5 — "Carmen."
120— "Trovatore."
GREAT WRITERS.
1 — Thackeray.
2— Victor Huso.
3 — Dickens.
4— George Eliot. • ¦
5 — Shakespeare.
101— Dante.
STATESMEN AND RULERS.
It is reserved for the Call-Herald to de
scribe the systems by which such feats
may be performed. The chief thing is a
perfect performance. Art must conceal
the art. Long practice is required to make
the tricks so simple that every eye is de
ceived.
When the curtain rises the master of
ceremonies, well dressed, with a modest
flower in his buttonhole, walks to the
front of the stage with the confidence
that inspires confidence and in a pleasing
voice begins: "Ladies and Gentlemen: I
have the pleasure of introducing to you,
etc. I will call your attention to the fact
that the audience must confine their whis
pered wishes to international celebrities,
nerves of well-known personages, songs
and opeias of international fame," etc.
This limitation of choice is the key to
the performance. They have lists of thesa
"international celebrities," rulers, states
men, diplomats, great waiters and musical
composers, songs o't world-wide reputa
tion, popular selections ' from the operas,
etc. Ai:d the S2cret of the evening is that
all these carefully selected names, titles,
etc., are numbered, as in the following ex
amples:
How Tricks Axe Done.
tie Fox and her foxy sisters in Western
New York, who made knocks with their
toe joints, as Katie confessed at her his
toric exhibition in the New York Acad
emy of Music.
The men who don't believe it other than
jugglery didn't betray the secret, for that
would be unprofessional, giving away a
brother in the business.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
HOW THE THREE SVENGALIS HAVE MYSTIFIED
THE PUBLICS OF TWO CONTINENTSJ. Lawless and ,W., Williams vs. ...P.
Ryan and D. Connelly; P. McKlnnon and
M. McNeil vs. G. McDonald and'L. Car
raine;;W. H. Sieberst- and W. ; Fisher, vs.
M. "McLaughlin and M. McDonald; J. J.
Kavaqaugh and "WV Walsh vs. ; H. H. Liss
nor and R. Longabaugh;.,G. Hutchinson
and W. Kelly vs. P. Kelly and A. Pen
noyer;, J.. Condon and; T. Lydo'n vs. T.-
Leach a.nd ' T. .Foley; M. Dillon and E.
Maloney vs. Jr Feeney ; and D. Griffin ; : J.
White and . W. Maguire vs. J. Collins. and
R.\ Murphy; J. • C. Nealtim and J. Riordon
vs. ; : M." J. Kilgallon "and K. Lihehan. '
. At the San Francisco Handball Courts
to-day the following games will.be played:
.Handball (Sames.
Though he is the oldest dog In the run
r.ing this season many well-posted en
thusiasts believe, that with a .special
trainer, one who will devote his attention
exclusively to the "bringing around" of
the veteran. For Freedom' Is still capable
of outpointing many of the high-class
dogs.
There is a diversity of opinion • regard
ing- the result of the seasonal work of
Palo Alto. Quite a few predict even a
better year for the record breaker, but
on the other hand there are many who
believe that he has shot his bolt. Geary's
epeedy champion is nearing; the close or
his third year, which, despite the occa
sional reports of great doings in older
"It was unfair." said he, "to jeopardize
ihe record of such a performer, for For
Freedom had earned a reputation as a
courser In his adopted country that would
Ftand as an open defi to the world's best
hounds for jears to come and that per
hap» would 'never be equaled." Quite a
delicate proposition even for Vlndex to
criticise the action of a leashman to whom
the coursing game In this part of the
roumry Is so much indebted, for Mr. Ros
fieter has certainly made the sport what
5t is to-day; but when one looks back and
compares For Freedom's* marvelous work,
bis former unblemished record, a clean
F>~ore with not one defeat to mar its sum
mary, he can but feel that the hard
csrned, legitimate list of victories should
have been allowed to stand.
Brought out from Eneland this great
T.ycr won trial after trial and stake after
Make, until, with forty-seven courses to
his credit, he was retired to the stud with
out once having: a flag raised against him.
In hJs list of winnings For Freedom has
open plains meet and the much coveted
John Grace Challenge Cup stake to his
r.arne. which mean* that he has met and
defeated the fastest of coursers. Even.
to-day with his recent expected defeats
against him the old champion's record of
wins is still unbeaten.
In a. letter to a friend In this city. "Vln
oV?x," a noted coursing authority of Eng
land, declares it a shame that so good a
Fportsman as Mr. Rosseter, owner of the
Pasha Kennels, should have allowed his
(Treat dog. For Freedom, to compete again
tfter his long retirement.
In the women's doubles" the strongest
teams will be the Suttons and Miss Hall
and Miss -Hoffman, j The latter is a very
aggressive player and shows to" better ad
vantage in doubles than in singles..
The men's doubles has a very open look
and will in 'air probability .go to ono of
the following teams: . Bell -arid Braley.
Hunt and Murdock, Collier and 'Cro well,
MacGavln and Smith or Sinsabaugh and
Hendricks. . ;
In the mixed doubles it was the original
intention of the committee to limit the
entry to six teams, but as it is to be a
championship affair it must necessarily
be open to all. , Heretofore none but local
players have figured in the coast cham
pionship tournaments, but this year the
presence of several cracks from Southern
California will add to the interest In > the
different events. It will be a struggle for
supremacy between the north and the
south, with the odds slightly in favor of
the former. V Those who will surely como
up from the south are Champion Alfonso
Bell, Harold ' Braley,' Sinsabaugh and
Hendricks. The two former are the cham
pions of Southern Calirornia • in doubles.
The • ladles who . have:, come up are the
Misses May and Violet Button,' Mrs. Sey
mour and Miss Ruby Garland. Miss May
Button is the lady champion of the south
and Is expected to carry off the cham
pionship. . Local people will , pin their
faith to Miss Hall, the present champion,
who. is the only one having much of a
chance . against the Suttons. . •
The coast, championship tennis tourna
ments for women will commence to-mor
row at San Rafael. Everything* has been
done to make these the most successful
events of their kind ever held here. Here
tofore the women have had but one cham
pionship tournament each year— the sin
gles. This year two new events will be
added— the .mixed doubles and doubles.
The doubles will begin on Monday and
will be followed by the • mixed doubles.
The singles, being the most important,
will be played last, at the end of the weelt.
The finals of the singles will, be played
Friday afternoon and the championship
match on Saturday afternoon. The
doubles and mixed doubles will probably
not occupy more than two days.
CouP3eP8 Wfto Jiave Won
the Jleapte -of Many,
# Lea8lzmen.
Ladies and *Men JIpe Train
ing f OP Contests of
the Yeap. .
The San Rafael Golf Club is having. the
most successful season that it- has ever
had. The course, which has been reduced
to nine holes. Is well kept up, the tourna
ments have attracted a large number Of
players and r there has been much' en
thusiasm. Owing to the concentration of
the interest of. local' golfers in the Del
Monte tournament there -was no scheduled
event on the San Rafael links yesterday,
but next Saturday there will be a handi
cap tournament, for which It is expected
there will be a large number of en
tries. Secretary R.' Gilman Brown will
have returned to the city before next
Saturday and Mrs. R. G. Brown will be
fresh from her triumphs at Burlingame
and 'Del Monte.
¦ 'The committee of the Pacific Coast Golf
Association feels hurt at the behavior of
the Los Angeles golfer3. The contest for
the Poniatowski cup at Burlingame was
postponed from July 4 to August 15 in or
der to give the ladles *of Southern Cali
fornia an opportunity to compete at Bur
lingame and Del Monte without making
two journeys; yet no women from South
<ern California ¦ turned up at Burlingame
and only two at Del Monte, and not a
word of thanks or acknowledgment was
reqeived. . It was a great disappointment
.that Mrs. 'Jean W. Bowers, woman cham
pion of Southern California, did -not come
up to' Del Monte to measure her strength
against Mrs. R. Gilman Brown.
The qualifying round of the contest for
the first woman's golf • championship of
the Pacific Coast was played at Del Monte
on Wednesday morning, the only south
erners being Miss Hoy of Santa Monica
and Mrs. E. D. \ Silent of Los Angeles.
Of the twelve entries six -were from San
Francisco, three from Oakland, one from
San Rafael and two from Southern Cali
fornia.
Solfeps Disappoint.
NOTABLE DOGS
WITH REC0RDS
CHAMPIONSHIP
TENNIS GAMES
Beacon is technically" barred from par-'
ticipaUng- In any of the Union Park
stakes. It seems a shame that because
of. some trivial excuse a dog of Beacon's
caliber is lost to the coursing world.. There
are many steady patrons who figure the
blue dog the best greyhound in the State,
and it is a mooted question of superiority
between him and Palo Alto. In the last
John Grace cup event Beacon was runner
up to Sacramento Boy In a final that cre
ated the greatest enthusiasm and one that
will go down in history. Now that the
event Is again at hand something should
be done' to straighten matters, that the
great courser may again be seen on the
field. Some arbiter should be selected to
settle the dispute.
Luxor' is the best of the "old" stake
winners, and at four years and ', three
months holas the record for good, steady
work. - His brother. Young America, could
always lead him, but Luxor would beat
him to a decision. Young America won
>take after stake until three years of age,
at which time he was taken from 'the
same.
Rosette, too, was a youngster of "win
ning ways" and after being beaten by
Benicia Boy won everything in which she
¦was entered. She died when two and a
half years of age, at a time when she had
•won more and lost fewer courses than
any hound in the running. • .
Lottie 51 started at eight mdnths and
at fourteen months had an open stake to
her credit. Cavalier commenced at nine
months and was an earner from the start.
Recording 'Angel won a sapling stake at
eight months and when lacking ten days
of being eleven months old took fourth
money In the Produce stake, a wonderful
performance. She led her opponents
many lengths in every course and beat in
succession Controller, Lady Davenport,
Whitehead and Cash. Her work was the
feature of the stake. As this extraordi
nary eapling advanced In age she showed
the effects of her hard work and failed to
better her record.
•T. J. Cronln'a Vandal is a performer
who has earned the title of champion.
Whelped in January, 1899, In December
of that year he divided a thirty-two-dog
sapling stake at Union Park with Daisy
Dale and during the next month divided
another sapling event with Vixen. Before
this, and when but 10 months old, he won
three courses In an old dog stake and
was then withdrawn. Later at the age
of 13 months he took third money In an
all-age stake. This kind of going broke
the youngster's heart, though it showed
that, he was not lacking as a courser.
doga, Is the critical age of a courser. Palo
Alto has been a money maker. His first
win was when at 14 months he annexed
a puppy stake at Ingleside and finished
the season with five stakes to his credit.
Last year he broke the record with nine
stakes.
Next Saturday, August 31, the event set
down on the programme of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club Is to start at 3 p. m. on
a cruise to Drakes Bay, with sports, fish-
Ing a picnic on September 1, return-*
ing to Sausallto on the 2d. As the flag
ship Ramona Is at present on an ocean
cruise there Is little likelihood that, the
cruise to Drakes .Bay. will take \ place.
Yacht. owners do not care much for out
side cruising, and at this season fogs are
very prevalent. - It is much more proba- "
blr that the cruise In squadron will be
and that the Sausallto yacht
owners will follow their . time-honored
practice of sailing at their own sweet will.
The annual cruise of tne Corinthian
Yacht Club began last Saturday, Commo
dore H. D. Hawks flying his flag. from J.
M. Mattorn's Amigo. The fleet comprised
the sloop Speedwell, the yawl Arcturua
and E. F. Sagar's sloop Edna. Frank
Bartlett .started with Mrs. . Bartlett last
Monday on a two weeks* cruise, and H.
H. Gorter's Sans Soucl left Tlburon on
August 12, the owner's intention being to
take . a two weeks' trip. Last night the
yachts returning from the up-river cruise
were met at Vallejo by several yachts
from Tiburon and to-day the fleet will
cruise down from Mare Island to the cove.
Nor was this all. for the stakeboat
marking the outer extremity of the start
ing line off Powell-street wharf a small
yacht's tender was employed, though the
committee had been warned that it would
not serve the purpose. In the strong tide
way the little tender was half pulled
down by the weight of its own anchor
line, and when the twenty-footer Anita
fouled It quickly filled and swamped, be
coming entirely useless as a mark." When
Dr. T. L. Hill, at the close of the race,
tried to get hold of the tender he had
very great difficulty in doing so. as the
tide had turned and the water was lumpy.
In the course of his efforts the small boat
got under the, yacht's . centerboard and
generally misbehaved herself, while, to
add to the trouble; the yacht had several
ladies aboard and very few men and CO
other yacht would lend any assistance.
The sloop Mischief lost some lime in
looking for the leeward stakeboat. but
covered the course, and will receive a flag
in class 1. The sloop Aeolus made th»
fastest time around the course, but It is
not certain that she had on board a mem'-'
ber of the San Francisco Yacht Club, as
the rules require. She certainly commit
ted a breach of good taste in flylnjr a
Corinthian burgee throughout the day. It
she Is found to be indiglble, the flag In
class 2 will go to Paul de Martini's Siren*.
The ¦whole event was practically handed
over to one man, who was dumped on
Powell-street wharf with a brass cannon,
half a dozen shells and the time allow
ances. With these and any casual help
that might offer itself he was expected
to run the whole show. Fortunately for
him a present and a past member of the
regatta committee of another local yacht
club turned up on the wharf and freely
lent their services. Even the shells pro
vided for the starter were defective, the
start of the boats in class 2 beins de
layed two minutes from the failure of one
of them to explode and the difficulty of
extracting it from the gun.
The annual regatta of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, held last Sunday over
the new course, was a very poorly man
aged affair, a result largely due to the
fact that the regatta committee consists
entirely of yacht owners, all of whom
were engaged in sailing their own boat3
Instead of performing the functions of a
committee. s Two of the committee took
part In the race, while the third sailed his
yacht out to serve as a stakeboat. Th«»
leeward, stakeboat was considerably out'
of position, arid as soon as Surprise., tho
last of the entries In class 2, had rounded
the. stakeboat the owner made • sail,
weighed anchor and cruised away, so that
the twenty-footers Anita and Dewey had
no leeward mark to round. /-'¦:! '¦'¦'
At the last regular meeting of the Dol
phin Boating Club a set of engrossed res
olutions was presented to Alexander W.
Pape, thanking him for his services to
the club and complimenting him on his
many victories on the water.
Next menth the Alameda Boat Club
will hold Its annual club championship
regatta either on Oakland. Creek, near Its
boathouse, or on Lake Merrltt. In order
to excite more" interest one of the San
Francisco clubs may be invited to send
over a barge crew for a match race.
It seems probable that th3 Pacific As
sociation -will not hold any annual row
ing championship meeting this year, as
nothing can be done until the return of
the oarsmen from Astoria, Xo adequate
amount of money is in hand and no suit
able course is ready. An attempt might
be made to hold a regatta on Oakland
Creek, so as to demonstrate the value of
that water as a rowing course. But to
bring this, about some aid must be re
ceived from the railroad company, as
sheds at least would have to be erected
on the Alameda mole for. the accommoda
tion of the contestants.
been Invited to prepare a ladles' night,
such as are given here so successfully
from tirr.e to time. • ¦
In the South End four are Jenkins,
Harris, Cashman and Foley, all of whom
are more or less known as ' barge-rowers
or single scullers. The South End crew
has been going out nearly every evening.
If onlr four crev.s can go it certainly
seems as though there should be a try
out to determine which shall be the lucky
crews. The intention is to go by the
steamer leaving this city for Portland
on August 26, but if the steamer should
be tied up It will probably prevent any
rowing 1 men going from San Francisco
or vicinity, as the Astoria committee la
not prepared to furnish transportation
by rail, and the rowing clubs would not
care to run the risk of sending their rac
ing barges, skiffs and shells on so long a
journey by train. If the oarsmen, scull
ers, swimmers, track and field men from
San Francisco all succeed in reaching
Astoria it is likely that the carnival there
will eclipse the similar events of previous
years. The track and field team of the
Olympic Club will consist of s'.x men and
a trainer and there will be boxing, wrest
ling and other sports. John Hammer
smith, leader of the Olympic Club, has
South End bcathouse.' whereas the Ari
els have practiced little for the past few
weeks.
The Ariel four Is made up of E. L.
Smith, Harry Foley, W. T. Howe and
Robert Ellis, all of whom have some
reputation as oarsmen, two of them be
ing seniors and the other two intermedi
ates. It is said that the Olympic crew
feels sure of going, but It comprises no
men who have any reputation as barge
rowers, the only man who has ever done
snytning- in a boat being T. J. Sherry,
who vras second In the junior skiff race
en Lake Merrltt. Cornell and Melrose
are fine swimmers and Prendergast was
in the Olympic four which came In last
Et the Belvedere regatta In 1300. Thvjy
have been going out regularly from the
JC. ilcCITE, secretary of the execu
tive committee of the eighth As
toria regatta, has written to the
chairman of the regatta cotnmit
• tee .cf the Pacific Association In
this city, stating that transportation for
only four crews can bo provided. As five
crews are looking forward to going to
Astoria, this leaves one out in the cold.
The shell four of the University of Cali
fornia and the barge crew of the Ala
meda Beat Club are pretty certain of
their places, so the struggle will come
in between the South End, Ariel and
Olympic fours.
Reasons fop the .Non-Sue
ce:s of tfoe ?an Fran
cisco Races.
Y\\?z GreWs Desirous of Qoir\g Jtarth but Committee Ir\ GKarge
Will J^lake Arrangements for Four and J^o fAorz.
REGATTA FULL
OF ACCIDENTS
SARATOGA. N. Y./Aug. 22.— Better rac
ing has marked. the second week of i the
meeting than was had before the horses
got settled to new track conditions and
the public got a definite line on form.
Saratoga has had a fortnight of sport far
above the level of that seen here since
the old days, when the' champions of the
East and the West assembled every year
to do battle.
The Saratoga meeting has served to
bring to the front .an aggregation of
young horses that .make this year's crop
of two-year-olds superior to any since. His
Highness, St. Florian, Nomad, Merry
Monarch and the extraordinary lot; of
' youngsters out in 1891 were fighting, for
supremacy. Perhaps there is not a colt
here or anywhere else that can be fairly'
ranked with Domino or Robbins. None
has shown enough * to be classed* with
Commando, but there are more good juve
niles in training than has been the case
In several years, any one of which is
liable to demonstrate his claim to rank
as the champion of the year before many
more races are run.
Something of a sensation was created
when it became known that Blue Girl,
the undisputed queen- of the "fillies, and'
reckoned by a majority of the smart peo
ple the best of her age in training, is a
bleeder. The daughter of Sir Dixon and
Bonnie Blue is one of the raciest thor
oughbred specimens that ever, wore ..a'
plate. She, is in .miniature a living like
ness of the peerless Yo Tambien in every
thing but color. In! her preparation for
the Saratoga Special Blue Girl bled freely.
It was with the utmost reluctance that
John Madden confirmed the rumor to that
effect, which ! spread like wild fire before
the filly had been gotten back to ' her
stall. It Is questionable whether Blue
Girl's usefulness will be impaired by the
rrialady. She was started in the big race
on Madden's assurance that she would do
herself full justice, and she did. Nobody
can detract from the : magnificent per
formance of Goldsmith, winner.' of the
race. He is in every line and inch a race
horse of superb finish and courage. A
compact mass of bene and muscle, the
son of Meddler is a treat' to the discrimi
nating eye when In action. He has thews "
and sinews like a three-year-old, sugges
tive inVevery sense of Ben Brush at his
age. and the colt or filly that beats him
¦ in the Futurity will have a-plenty of work'
cut out • before getting to \the judges'
stand. - ' ' ¦" ' ' . • ' ", ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦
It is not exaggeration to say there are
at least four two-year-olds this : year,
taken ¦ collectively, that will compare' fa
vorably with, the four best out last season.
Commando was undoubtedly In a class by
.'himself..- He was not in the Futurity.
Blue Girl is the equal and doubtless a bet
ter filly than Cap and Bells was last year.
Goldsmith is as good/a racing tool as
Tommy/Atkins was. . Otft is superior to
Olymplan.and there are others left in the
1901, list fithat outclass the next ;.best of
last 'year. ; ; Nasturtium, Mr. Whitney's
j $50,000 beauty, 1 is considered by the stable
; a better colt than Ballyhoo Bey was last
. season, J and; John- E. Madden has in the
Hanover-Correction- colt, -Yankee, . a
I youngster infinitely cleverer than Garry
¦ Herrmann was in the West or any of the
I other^ Eastern- colts were . after throwing
out (he. very top-notchers. /> .. ..... t . j
| Western" horses have gotten more ¦ than t
\ their *i share of the so; far. | John
W.' Schorr: has won" a liberal share of; the
. "purses and as he and his boon companion,
¦Senator : O'Brien ; of St. Paul.v usually
•spread the bets on pretty thick when they
I have -a] chance, it* has been .; a : successful
'trip for the Memphis brewer. He has won
three races with Sarner.in two of which
I he had ¦ his checks down j across the board
at. lucrative odds, .f O'Brien sprung a.' kill
ing with Hans Wagner the day.;he-put .it
over at 10 to 1.6 Thursday, Flora Pomona
won anlce race and ran ;for " a? ebod
Gossi p JIbou t Turf m 3i^ and
'.Horses Known on ttie
Coast.
RACING NEWS
FROM SARATOGA
Charlie Mayberry, who has been so suc
cessful in the past with Ellison's horses,
is out after a severe attack of typhoid
fever. Perhaps Mayberry's sicknessis in
a measure responsible for the bad show
ing made by the horses in his charge. He
has been a wonderfully successful trainer
and. is one of the most promising young
men in the profession.
EDWARD G. WHITE.
It has been a disastrous meeting for the
bookmakers to date. An unusual 'per
centage of favorites have won the money,
and the summer crowds are always par
tial to what seems the best horse. Eddie
Burke, one of the biggest, layers In- the
business, is more than $100,000 loser on
the season, half of. which has gone put
of the wrong end of the box since cut
ting in here. George Rose, who makes
a' colossal book and handles a , fortune
every day, has come nearer to standing
them off, although he has a considerable
balance coming from the losing side.
Frank Eckert, a fast gambler and clever
bookmaker, has had a severe drubbing
since the, meeting began. His losses ag
gregate $35,000. Joe -Rose is also many
thousands to the bad, and has probably
lost all the money he made. earlier in the
season. George Wheelock, once the king
pin of the bookmaking fraternity, is more
conservative- no w^ but he is behind on his
season's work. J. J. O'Neill, formerly of
Chicago, Is also short many of the big
bills he began the season with. Abe Levy
is in the same fix, and probably the only
¦winner substantially to the good is I-eo
Mayer- of Chicago, who always appears
to prosper, and who bets heavily at times
on the outside. \
for the lengthy meeting at San Francisco.
; Thomas vH.: Williams, .'the controlling
genius of turf affairs on the Pacific Coast,
has -just returned i f roni Europe' with his
bride. > Mr. • Williams is assured, that the
game t in California " next season' 'will
eclipse, any 'of its predecessors.' Liberal
inducements held* out | to- the | horse
men, and many Eastern stables -that have
heretofore wintered on .this 'side of ¦ ths
continent ¦; will journey .. over.' the .Sierras
Quite a' number 'of : prominent, turfmen
from ; Chicago ' and - California, are now
here. 'Secretary James Howard of the
Washington . Park Club is resting after
his' hard work at the recent meeting in
Chicago. : George ;Brewster, one of Mr.
Howard's capable assistants, is here with
John Bullman, the jockey, for whom he
make3 engagements. . Brewster has won
handsomely, and will go with Bullman to
California for the winter. He was instru
mental In getting Bullman to sign a con
tract with August 'Belmont for the bal
ance-'of the Eastern ¦ racing ; year. ¦ Judge
Jim Rees' is; at the ' Grand Union Hotel
with his associate in the ; Hawthorne
stand,' ¦ Colonel Apperson. .The • resump
tion^ of at ' Hawthorne next - week
will : cut their stay shortv
Matt Byrnes, famou3»as the trainer of
that immortal pair, Salva tor and Firenzi,
will ship to Chicago' in the fall and then
go to California for the winter. Byrnes
has a small but useful string.x He has
bought and soli horses more than he has
raced: them since he gave up training for
the .late Marcus Daly. .He, bought Bally
hoo* Bey as a vearling and sold him the
same day at a handsome profit. His dis
criminating eye ha3 chosen some of ; the
best,young horses of recent years, but
he follows Madden's " system,' and dis
poses of them when the price - becomes
tempting. Byrnes is now a very rich
man. He began as a boy to ride for. the
late August Belmont, and had . as con
temporaries the since successful turfmen,
James Rowe and William Lakeland." He
has trained the strongest racing stables
of America, including those of Pierre
Lorillard, J. B. Haggin and Marcus Daly.
He is a wizard with a thoroughbred and
will doubtless come along soon with an
other Tammany or Senator Grady.
Bad luck seems to , follow. Arthur
Featherstone's horses. The Chicago bi
cycle magnate has had an unusually poor
season. His stable is filled with high
priced race hordes, but they get very little
of the money, and none of them is. up to
a real hard race. Mr. "'Featherstone Is very
popular, in the East; -He is a thorough
sportsman, bets to a finish on his entries
and his horses always. go the nearest way
to . get - home. It is * likely he will send a
small string to campaign on the Coast
this winter in charge of his capable train
er. Jululus Bauer.
Charlie- Ellison . has, ;been shooting his
money into the bookmakers' boxes since
he came. here - at thousands a clip. . : It has
stayed there. .Ellison's horses have no
business bucking the game he has asked
them to . go against. ' Montanic.^ a rank
hound' with* a streak of yellow in him as
big as a rainbow, has cost Ellison a great
deal of money at the meeting. The horse
has a splendid turn of speed, but he ¦will
stop with his mouth wide' open the min
ute anything challenges him. Specific is
of little account at present, but that fact
did not keep his owner from falling hard
the other, day. when the St. •Florian i horse
was pitted against a, crowd that could
hove, lost him the best. day he ever saw
in his life. Bard of Avon got into a spot
Wednesday where he seemed to have the.
best of it. Ellison unbelted for $5000 and
the Bard got second money.' Thursday
Montanic went against a crack" company
of sprinters. Ellison got on for $4000 and
the big counterfeit quit after sailing out
for half a -mile as if he meant to put
divers records out of business. Astor, at
best a fair selling plater, Isn't worth $1
at this stage of the. game, and it begins
to look as if the whole outfit would fare
better in some other climate than they
are doing, here, chasing good horses and'
burning up money.
chunk of . stable money. This filly was
never fit during the • Washington Park
meetiner. She is now nearer her Cali
fornia form and is sure to improve with
a couple of more races. On the coast she
carried 'the colors of W. F. Schulte.^the
Louisville poolroom man,, arid was' hard
game for even the best colts there. She
; won stakes at T«mforan-and-Oakland and
was pounds better than the two next best
of her sex. Sister Jeanie. and Zlrl.v
ROUGH WATER FOR THE OARSMEN WHO
ARE IN LINE FOR ASTORIA CARNIVAL
SOME OF THE CREWS AND INDIVIDUAL SCULLERS WHO WILL GO NORTH TO COMPETE IN THE ASTORIA
CARNIVAL, WHICH WILL DRAW THE CRACK OARSMEN OF THE COAST TOGETHER FOR AQUATIC RACES
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ' , - .'
THE SUNDAY ;QAL,Ii;
9
SPORTS ON WAVE AND FIELDTHE SUNDAY CALL.
Continued on Page Eleven.
To the right of the house is a nest of.
hammocks; to the rear Just over the hill
is situated that already well-known rcn
ciezvous Camp Daniel O'Connell. Here a
cozy little tent with carpeted floor and
several iron beds is placed, tables, camp
chairs, hammocks are scattered about,
and every Saturday night this portion of
the forest is witness to gay times. Large,
bonfires are lighted, the long tables are
Nestled corily in th,© midst of the frag-,
rant pines can be found the home, and
studio of one of our best known artists,
Charles Rollo Peters. It would be diffi
cult to find a more thoroughly delightful
studio than this roomy place, with Its
natural wood rafters, its almost priceless
collection of drapery, its old-fashioned
fireplace with the inscription in bold let
ters, "Don't worry." Good philosophy,
but unnecessary here, for worry Is an ob
*eolete word in this part of the world.
Those who do not know may search
through France, Italy or Switzerland, but
when they return they will find the at
tractions of a.i! three rolled into one in
Monterey. The field is inexhaustible, from
the fisher folk by the sea to the heart of
the forest — adobes, sand dunes, cypress,
oaks, pines, sea or wood and color. No
where will you find the iridescent lights,
now purple, now gray, that gleam through
the mist in the soft tone so wonderfully
beautiful as ate found here. In this re
gion of solemnity and peace, as well as
exceptional historic Interest, the perma
nent homes of many of our artists are
located.
«•» yr OXTERET is being immortal
f \ /I Jzed! Slowly but surely the
I V I quaint old adobes, with their
I tiny barred windows, through
. whfch many a pair of bright
eyes have flashed a message to the soulful
orbs of Don Amourio, waiting below— the
tumble-down ruins, half-hidden by the.
growth of jessamine; the old patio, witli
carpet of grass more luxuriant for the
Eoaklng of blood from the defeated toros
who ingloriously bre alhed their last with
in those four stone walls while cheer? of
the enthusiastic assembly echoed and re
echoed, swelling with pride the breast of
the triumphant toreador— all these are
with soft brushes and skilled finger r be
ing transferred to canvas, for here in this
little Venice of America can be found a
genuine colony of artists. Generations
may come an.1 generations may go, the
quaint old adobes may be replaced with
modern structures, but the Monterey of
to-day will live on forever. Dear, sleepy,
picturesque old capital, with its stretch of
blue waters unequaled save \fy beautiful
.Xaples. It Is small wonder that every
.iook and corner, every rock and tree, is
-feeing reproduced, in black and white. In
water color and in oil. The ardent rays of
old Sol are tempered by the salty breeze
spiced with that indescribable smell of the
pines that creates an atmospheric some
thing which -in Monterey idiom spells in
spiration. '.-¦.'
arranged, the clay bank wine cellar Is un
locked and under the nickering light of
Chinese lanterns roast duck , and j "extra
dry" is dispensed to the accompaniment
of impromptu music and song. : J .?yj-
Camp Daniel O'Connell, with Mr. Peters
as host, is a very, popular place and the
Del Monteans vie for invitations to these
Bohemian outdoor gatherings. ItThas oft
en been asked if Mr. Peters paints, at
night, for the marvelous .. fidelity . .with
which he produces that cold, steely at
mosphere of gleaming moonlight warrants
the query. He does not paint, but the
night owls are familiar with the sight of
this artist wandering about, making • a
study sketch here, Jotting down certain
tor.es or details and studying the differ
ent phases of light. Then, . when these
are still fresh in the memory, Mr. Peters
bars his studio door, hangs out the "My
busy day" sign and sits to his. canvas
until every shadow is faithfully repeated
in oil. and it is this study from nature
that- has made this name Peters famous
and his signature an important addition
to a gallery. >
Everywhere, scattered along the: road
from Del Monte to Pacific Grove, in'the
fields and along the shore, one can see
easels, and under the huge umbrellas
sunbonneted and airy-gowned figures sit
oblivious to all except the particular rock
or tree or patch of sky that is trying to
evade their brush. Teachers with classes
of ten or flfteenf some of the pupils being
silver-crowned matrons, sit under th»
...
shade of the cypress, busy and happy, for
there is nothing like communing with na-!
ture, even though she does refuse to look
like some of the water colors or pastels
of the first few. lessons.
jj A cozy six-room cottage close to the
town has been secured for several years
by another of our .well-known artists,
Charles Dickman, who is, as his picture
shows, working on a large canvas: '.The
group of figures in the foreground show
exceptional strength and the picture when
completed bids fair to be one of the best
from this master's brush/Although it will
be in the course of a few weeks placed on
exhibition here in San Francisco, it has
already, been secured by one of our local
connoisseurs. The companion picture to
this, which is entitled. "Fisher Folk." has
recently been added to the ."Washington
gallery of Mrs. Phebe .Hearst, but aside
from this work of eight long hours a day
Mr. Dickman , finds some time for social
duties, and from all sides, even the sea
breeze' catches the .refrain of ' the "Dick
man" popularity. ', Monterey is no; longer
Monterey without him ; it runs, but ' it is
said that this- same refrain follows him
like a shadow In whatever part of the
world he may be, so we will pass, on to
another" talent not so well known, _ and
that is. the genius of fitting,! up an old
house into. an attractive living: place.
In the first place this cottage has some
10
THE ARTIST'S COLONY AT MONTEREYJhe Delicate Operation q] Brushing and Rasping an Slepkant's /fails*
quiet as you please. .But if they stopped
him ; from playing | his little '-. joke on the
steers hei would be meanand ugly for a
Tveek.v ,i ' ' ¦¦'¦/ \ ' .¦¦'¦¦ '.'¦ : ' . ,
| Once the tables I were , turned on Sandy,
and if , the scared \ cattle j| laughed | they
could hardly be. blamed. One of the baby
elephants had been troubled with stomach
ach«,~: at least ' that is what the •, animal
doctor said, and old fashioned remedies
of : brandy m and .peppermint were pre
scribed. \ A gallon demljohnof brandy and
peppermint was brought J to J the elephant
quarters and ' set within reach of ' Sandy.
Herr Souder,' the boss elephant' man, 1 was
not at 'hand, < and the ; man « who 'brought
the medicine went In search^ of him.v This
was Sandy's chance. Deftly drawing the
stopper from the big. bottle he turned the
a rasp, especially made for the . purpose,
for an hour or two. Then comes the tick
lish part. A large draw knife is used
to cut a couple of inches off the sole of
each foot. - When it is cut down pretty
fine the rasp is used. Every little while
the surface Is pressed . hard with the
thumb,' and when the elephant winces the
quick Is known to be near and the work
stops. A single rasp on the quick and the
elephant is killing mad. There Is one ele
phant" In the Ringiing herd so tender on
her feet and so, nervous that,, so far, it
has been Impossible to treat her. feet. It
was tried a, week ago and she nearly
killed the. chiropodist at the first rasp.
She needs attention badly.'but she dosn't
appreciate the fine points of pedicure and
thinks it is up to her to kill all who try it.
She will not He down when told, and wflj
not stay down when she is put there. Sha
utterly refuses to pui her foot on the
Mock and she gets frightened to death
when tied. Her keeper says he . will fix
her this week;and cut her corns and rasp*
and brush her nails if he has to call out
the militia and her howls are heard in
Honolulu. - *"
After the feet are cut "and nails pareS
the feet are . soaked in hot water and
then softened with 'oil. After that they,
feel as comfortable as though iwearine
carpet slippers. But the feet must nqt
be oiled except in warm weather. Ele
phants get cold easily. They have rheu
matism, too, the worst way, and It takes
liniment by the barrel to rub their lama
muscles.
The well-known water-colorlst. Mr. John
tvy. has selected an odd place for his
no more nor less than one end of
the old adobe church and here from the
broad balcony which surrounds the build
ing can be had a magnificent view of the
Mr. Fonda has a number of canvases,
among them a large one entitled "Even
tide," which will be an Important addition
to the coming Bohemian Club exhibition.
Another pretty home is that of Artist
Harry Fonda, whom we found making a
ttudy of the old Hollyhock House, a his
torical old home with more than a tinge
of romance attached to It. For many
years It served as the residence of Gov
ernor Palaclo and family, now It Is the
horn<? of old "Prime" cr "Spotted Jo # e,"
a shell gatherer, fisherman and all-round
good actor, for the club members say that
no one can dance a breakdown or sing a
song like Joe, and he Is as well known
and liked as Monterey Itself. The char
acteristic name "Hollyhock" is derived
from a profuse growth of this brlght-hued
flower in the front of the house. To the
back Is an equslly profuse growth of an
Innocent-looking plant rcsemblinr our do
mestic carrot, but in reality hemlock,
the same deadly herb that ended the
earthly existence of that greatest of phil
osophers, Bocratec.
present occupant has been replaced wttn
gla!«s, rendering the studio light almost
perfect; the walls throughout are covered
with burlap, the studio being all in dark
garnet, the sitting or reception room a
yellowish bronze, the spick and span little
kitchen, with etove polished to reflection
brightness. In gray, and all upstairs a soft
delft blue. Charming color scheme? An
answer is unnecessary. But to go back
C^o the furnishings. Sofa pillows, all colors
end ehapes, are everywhere: a guitar,
mandolin and zither tell the tale of audible
pictures, for music is only another way of
expressing art. A select little library, and
last a well stocked sideboard makes the
JIttle home most characteristic, for It docs
not recuire occult ability to read ' the
occupant of a house: it is written In
ey-mbols on the wall.
Stevenson. One side of the house with Its
tenants, being for a short tifne the home
of Jennie LInd. later of Robert Louis
historic Interest, for away off In the early
forties It was brought over in sections
from Australia, er.d from the beginning
It has been honored with celebrated
Theodore Wbres has been painting "the 1 :
Hawalians in Honolulu,,but has now gone
on to. Japan, where they look. for his ap
pearance every year as regularly a3 the 1
blooming of the wistaria. ¦ ' .
Amadee Joullin, the famous Indian *
painter, has a cottage in Monterey,' but'
this year: he has gone back to his • old
fields, where the great picture that won
for him recognition abroad,- brought him
the Decoration of the Beaux Arts of Paris
and made him an officer of the French"
Academy— the highest: honor; that can be
conferred upon en American— was painted
In the wilds of New Mexico he has again
gone, into the interior, -.where 1 few white
men penetrate, and here, only . by the
, exercise of great patience." -Is .-he enabled
to pursue his studies;, obtain models, etc.,
for , civilization has ... made but little ;
progress In these parts and, the redskins
hold to all their old tribal superstitions. ;
The work of Mr. Joullin commands per
haps more money than any. of our Oallfor- ¦
nia artists, one of his canvases, entitled
"The Weaver," being secured by Mrs.-
Phebe Hearst for $1500 just before his de- : ;
-
Joseph Greenbaum has been spending
his summers In Monterey, but this year
he deserted the colony and has his studio
in -Paris. At the present time Mr. Green
baum is making some studies In Lucerne
Switzerland.' •..;,• "
On the chores of the charming Lake
Majela, Artist J.: Adam will erect a
permanent home.. Mr. Adam Is a Scotch
artist and one of tho five original organ
izers of the famous Glasgow Art Club
which sprang into prominence thirty-five
years ago and now has some 600 mem
bers.- Mr. Adam 13 desirous of. studying
our "Utopia of the Pacific," as he calls it
and will make special studies of the sand
dunes and the cypress.
dio next season will have to be abandoned,
for the Custom House has been given
over to the Native Sons on a five-year
lease. Four thousand two hundred dol
lars has been appropriated by the Leg-
L 8la « ure> and in 1902 the ol(1 building will
be fitted up as a State museum.
Just out of Pacific Grove, in the dearest
of little log cabins with Immense fire
place, we found J. L. Latimcr an'l
lamlly. For years Mr. Latlmer has been
renowned for his "redwoods," but this
season's work in the pine interior bids
fair to make him equally renowned for-his
. pines," for he has had a profitable sum
mer, and when he returns a visit to his
studio will be a privilege.
Mrs.' Mary Menton spent a portion of
the summer in Monterey. Mrs. BriKgs
has' a large class in active work. Miss
Thereeo Morgan has taken a cottage for
this season and next, a charming little
place adjoining the Tovls. hacienda.- Miss
Morgan has get aside four hours a day for
sketching, .and she allows no temptation
of pleasure to interfere with her work
time; as a result, besides being most.be
comingly tanned, she has some good work
to bhow for her season's labor.
Perhaps one of the most prominent and
thoroughly delightful studios on the coast
is that of Miss Evelyn McCormlck, who
for four years has occupied the entire up
per portion of the historical old Custom
House, whose roof has looked down upon
many a gay. fandango. In the good old
days of General Sherman all the military
functions were held here, many a casca
rone had been broken, and no doubt many
a heart at the same time, for tho very
walls spell romance. Upon this broad bal
cony which looks out over the water, for
the house Is only, a few yards from the
shore, Miss McCormick has her easel, and
every day during the summer months one
can find her in a cool white duck dress, a
large hat, with its snakeskln band, busy,
a charming picture painting a picture.
Here on this same balcony are . finished
pome of those famous adobes, for no one
has succeeded in getting those old . Span
ish tiled roofs with their, wonderful pur
ple shadows and myriad colors, or In re
producing the soft quality, of the . old
adob*, as has this young artist. The
world will hear much of Miss McCormlck,
bo say our most * critical, for her work
has great individuality. Monterey Is proud
of this young lady, and during her four
years there -she has become a universal
favorite, for great talent with unaffected
manner •• is a rare . combination, and she
has both. To every one's regret this stu-
Capell Judson, who never misses a
summer In Monterey, had the most unique
place of all for his studio this summer.
It occupied the lighthouse on Point Lobos,
where most of those famous marines
which Mr. Judson has brought back with
him were painted. Ho has had a busy
summer, and the result will be a treat
to the lovers of art visiting the exhibi
tion. Mr. Judson returned a trifle early
in order to be here for the opening of the
Hopkins, where he is one of the best
known and liked of the professors.
bay and mountains beyond. Mr. Ivy has
also a very pretty little home in Monte
rey, where he will make his permanent
headquarters. This artist, who for four
years occupied the chair of superintendent
of art in the University of Southern Cali
fornia. Lob Angeles, has met with unpre
cedented success in art circles, having
cold during the month of June no less
than twenty-two pictures, selected from
the b«=-st in his portfolio.
Mr. Ivy's work Is perhaps better known
in New York and England, where he ex
hibits regularly, although the late Collls
P. Huntington. the well-known patron of
art. bought three large pictures repre
senting scenes in Great Britain for his
celebrated gallery, Mr. Huntington was
partial to water colors, having 300 pic
tures in one room. -" • ' '
Continued from Page Ten.
THE ARTISTS' COLONY ' AT MGMTEREY
parture this spring.
G. Cadenasso contemplates joining the
Monterey colony for a few months, where
he ;v.-ill make a . special study of ' the
cypress. Sir. Cadenasso is at present
working upon the eucalyptus, v/ith whan
he has had phenomenal success',- this" be
ing, one' of -the most difficult of all trees
to nafnt. One of the very important addi
tions to Monterey this year is the found
ing of the "Old Capital Club" in thcvbuilcl
ing which served formerly as the. military
heac+quarters of General Sherman, Gen
eral Burton, General Canby and many
of, the other prominent generals. This
organization is to the little city, what the
Bohemian Club is to San Francisco, and
numbers among its members many of th«
same names — Mayor Pheian, Herman Oel- i
richs, D, M. Delmas, D. :¦ Harvey ami
many, others, including' Uncle George
Bromley, who has been made an honorary
member. ¦ Tv J. Field is the president;
Harry. Green secretary, and the club is In
a flourishing condition.
Tho; entire upper floor ..has been fitted
up' in luxurious style, . one of the main
features being; the • art gallery, : where
many of our local and. some foreign
artists are represented. One of the stories
. going the rounds of the clubrooms deals
with the opinion of an Indiana tourist
•who recently visited Monterey. Bent upon
sightseeing, he left his -carpet bag In the
hotel -and wandered about through . the
woods and fields. Coming. upon a group
of workmen digging the manzanita root,
¦which is in this country utilized for flrt
woo'l; he.stopped and queried, whatthey
were ; doing. • . '.'Digging wood,',' came the
answer. 1 "Wall, I swan," he wax heard
to : ejaculate, as he/ passed on. ' Later, he
I accosted a' man- who was searching for- a
spring of, mountain water. ¦> "Going *u
¦ work?'' I eald the old fellow after they
had had some conversation. "Oh, no; just
gottig to climb up, there to see if I can
;not locate water."-; "Wall. 1 1 swan."- The
old man took, out his 'red bandana, -wiped
'his brow,: and made ; his way5 back to the
hotel, where iie told them that he wanted
¦ to pay his bill: ; "What! ; Going away so
¦', soon!, Don't- you like Monterey?" eaid the
i clerk.'- '"Ob.* ye?, the place is. a!! right, 1
"•guess," he drawled, J'but I am going back
to the old) State, '-.where they don't dig for
wood,- climb for : water and spell hickory
with, a ' j.'.'i and the old | fellow smiled pity
ingly for the -clerk ; who was ignorant
enough to. like such a reverse state of af
"fairs. <'-,:---v ¦••';•¦' '-vu -'•'-:.-• ¦' ¦: •¦:':• ¦':-•:-;
'¦'..'.-• Evidently ,the> Hoosler. tourist was not
an artist, for had.be been one, he would
- have. lost sight of the .wood digging in his
j enthusiasm .over :. the f old ruins; as it is
all v the ' old adobes J are being I secured .for
studios next year, and I there is > even talk
of fitting up the old Washington Hotel as
a sort of Carnegie hall. If this connection
remains and- the foreign artists continue
building' "homes here— Monterey ¦ - will
twenty years hence, closely competewlth
foreign countries as . an art j center of the
. world - ' V\ v^®fflii£ ; ': , 1
There is a well developed sense of hu
mor in elephants. In the early career of
the Ringiing circus Erutus was the name
of their only elephant. The youngest
Ringiing brother, John, was a leader in
mischievous pranks at their home in Bara
boo, Wisconsin. When the show returned
for the winter, John thought he could
show off a little before his pals at the ex
pense of the big elephant, and invited sev
eral of his friends to go with him. Hav
ing come .to the elephant's barn, John
first gave him candy, then cake, and
finally cried, "Now boys!" and slipped a
piece of bad tobacco Into his trunk, in
tending, to get out of danger a'nd enjoy
Brutus' disgust and anger. He was- not
quick enough, however, /and Brutus
whirled him upward through the opening
overhead against the roof of the barn. Un-
By the help of elephants the heavy
menagerie cages of a great circus are run.
into place In short order.. Without this
useful beast it is doubtful if things
could bo put in order for the 'daily after
noon performance.
her knees and raised the loaded wagon
from the rut and. at the same time put
her forehead to the end of the thing apd
pushed It forward. She would have pusft
ed an ocean steamer over dry ground with
that lift, and the wagon came, up and
moved forward to solid ground—the most
surprised wagon that ever was.
An elephant called^Sandy was a regular
practical joker.'- When the Ringlings trav
eled by wagon an extra watch had to be
kept on Sandy, to keep him out of mis
chief.. He had found out that cattle out
in the country were scared to death of
him, and he used to take advantage of it
every time he cot a chance. When the
wagon train was moving . from . town to
town and he saw a bunch of steers graz
ing in a pasture behind a barn in the dis
tance he would- drop behind the rest of
the column. Tnen he .would gather up
as much dust in his trunk as he could car
ry and make a sneak upon them in the
cover -of the barn. "When he got within
charging distance he would tear out on
the run, blow the dust up In a cloud, and
trumpet for all ho was worth. The cattle
would -"run as * If devils were .after them,
and that old rogue, Sandy, would come
back to the road and paddle along behind
the rest of the column as peaceable and
early captive;-- days ¦ was .--also a;ibaby.
-Neither,'- therefore, had-.- much experience
in his own native . hauntu.^and yet! when
Brutus appeared Chico had all the fear of
his race for the animal which probably he
had never seen; before— another case of
the understanding between animals.
¦ '¦.¦-¦-.•-¦.•-.
contents Into his mouth. He had scented
the liquor and made quick work of Its
: disposal. It didn't take long for the
strong stuff to . get in its fine . work,
even on a strong constitution like Sandy's,
and when the keeper arrived he. was howl
ing ' drunk. He trumpeted wildly and
slam-banged* everything within reach.
Souder took in the situation and under
took to lasso the elephant's legs. It was
hard work,: but finally he got tangled up
and waa thrown to the ground. He then
bellowed himself to sleep, and by the
time t*ie show was ready to leave he had
toned down. some and was ready to move
without jabbering. But the great fun -was
'the next day. Such a head! He was the
.: most, dejected looking a animal one ever
saw. He could not eat. His trunk hung
limply and hi3eyes_ were red and heavy
Udded: His usual trumpeting was a faint
squeal. The boys took pity on him.: and
-'.one -brought a-'!five-pojundrbottle'o£:.nza
•water stuff and Jgave it to him sizzling.
This brought him around, and from that
} day 'he has been wary of anything that
comes in bottles.-"'/;. '..<. •• •• ¦
•. Elephants have tender, feet. Their toe
nails have to be pared and treated con
stantly, or "they will grow inche3 of hang
nails. They are terribly sensitive about
this part of their body, and at times they
will get crazy mad if touched with knife
or saw. . A horse has to have his feet
trimmed when he goes to ; a smith, and
an elephant gets into the .same trouble
In captivity. When wild an elephant wears
down his toes, but they do not get enough
exercise for that here. So their feet get
' tremendous corns* and have to be pared.
: When an elephant has g-one through the
i operation a few times, with the Intelll
. gence of his kind he senses it as. for his
good and will submit readily. The hang
nails are clipped with a pair of big shears
and then the toes are worked upon with
Elephants are as apt in learning ' the
useful things of . life as they are the
merely ornamental. They take to work
naturally" and gracefully. Provide a pad
for the beast's forehead and he will lower
his head against car or wagon, no matter
how heavy, and at the Word of command
will push or lift it as desired. In Omaha
the other, day a huge pole wagon got
Btuck in the mud up to the hubs. Eight
horses failed to stir it. It sank deeper
and deeper in the clay. Fanny, a rugged
she elephant, was brought back to lift
the wagon out. The pad .was put on her
forehead and she was led to the tail of
the wagon. She has been so long with the
Ringiing show that it was not necessary
to tell her how to go about the job. She
first looks the ground over and takes her
own way. " In this case she let herself
down on her knees. Three or four times
she tried to get a good hold before she
started to lift. At last she was satisfied '
and, raising upward with all' the power
in her splendid trunk, she got up from
taught to dancer on the rope, but when
was an elephant ever known to skip on a
rope over the heada of an audience or to
caper amidst a blaze of fire fifty feet In
the air? What would Aristotle have
thought of dancing elephants if he had
teen some of the Ringiing performing ele
phants of to-day?
hurt by his unexpected rise," John fell In
the haymow.. His pals, supposing this to
be the trick promised them; cried, out in,
admiration,' "John, John.'do that again."
John,' safely out of' harm's way, .firmly
replied, "No," boys, I only. do that: trick
once a day." . .
This same ; elephant has also taught a
Elephants are not tralned\when they
come to this country. In India they do
not let their trained elephants out of the
country if they can help it. The animals
are too valuable. Yet they are the most
easily taught of all wild animals. Aristo
tle tells us that in ancient times elephants
were taught by their keepers to throw
stones at a mark, to cast up arms in the
air and catch them again on their fall and
to dance, not merely on the earth, but on
a rope. The first who exhibited elephant
rope-dancers was Galba at Rome. The
matter of teaching them to dance on the
ground was simple enough (by the asso
ciation of music and on a hot floor), but
we are not informed^ how they were
taught to skip the rope* or whether It was
the tight or the slack rope, or how the
rope might be. The silence of history oh
these points is fortunate for the figurantes
of the present day, since but for this their
fame might be utterly eclipsed. Elephants
may, in the days of Rome, have been
The elephant is mortally afraid of a
/nouse. Fantastic as it may seem this
mountain of flesh shrinks from a tit-bit
of a mouse. The winter quarters of a
circus, where rats and mice thrive, dem
onstrate this fact. A mouse will make
an entire herd noisy with fright and a
rat will put them In a condition of des
perate fear. While it may seem odd on
the face of it. an elephant may defend
itself against a Hon. tiger or any other
natural enemy, but the Insignificant size
of a mouse baffles his conception of of
fensive and defensive warfare. The mouse
is too quick to be crushed under foot or
to be caught by his trunk and can tan
talizingly scamper over- his rough hide
with impunity. The elephant realizes his
helplessness against such a diminutive foe
and learns to fear It as he fears no other
animaL_ A pin-headed student who want
ed to prove the truth of this statement let
loose a dozen white mice he had secreted
in his pocket and almost caused a panic
in a small "Western town recently. The
shrieking -of the terror-stricken brutes
was awful and for a few minutes it looked
as if the entire herd would collapse from
sheer fright. Every one was badly
frightened and the youth who created the
trouble sneaked away during the excite
ment.
if, Ier .^ ants kno-nr when any one is
ridiculing: them. A Chicago painter wished
to draw an elephant at the Coliseum in
f.,f t [ al ,?^ d / Ultude ' whlch was Trtth hla
trunk lifted up and his mouth open An
assistant, to make the elephant keep his
position, threw fruits into his mouth, and
often pretended to throw them without
doing so. The beast became irritated, and
as if knowing that the painter was to
blame, rather than his servant, turned to
him and dashed a quantity of water from
his trunk over the paper on which the
painter was sketching his distorted por
trait.
Last fall she stole from winter quarters
several times and made her way to To
bacconist Slegel's shop on the outskirts
of the village and literally "held him up"
for what she wanted. She broke a show
case and helped herself upon the first
call, , and thereafter the packages . were
handed out without argument. Herr Sle
gel knew if he didn't do this the angry
dame would wreck his shop, and to give,
up promptly was the lesser of two evils.
This escapade cost the Ringlings a pretty
sum, more than they fancied, and "Old
Baldy," the moral censor of the elephant
troop, was pressed Into service to reclaim
or, at least, correct the erring beast. Ho
caught Fanchon as she was leaving the
tobacco shop on her last expedition, and
nipping her ear with his trunk, he twisted
It until she cried with pain, and then pick-
Ing up a poker he belabored her all the
way back to the animal barn. Fanchon
has been on her good behavior since, for
Baldy gave her a walloping she will not
eoon forget. She cannot graft any of the
worKtnen. because smoking- amons them
is forbidden. It looks as if Fanchon would
be saved from the ravishing cigarette
habit.
The tradition that elephants are put into
a rage by tobacco is not borne out by
facts. Fanchon. a good-looking girl of
this family (ghe is about 40 and yet In her
teens, as elephants grow), really craves
tobacco, and will take anything from
round plug to Turkish cigarettes, with a
smacking relish that shows her preference
for the papered poison that dwarfs the
youth of humankind. She will even steal
to gratify this habit, and is cunning in de
vising ways and means of getting her fa
vorite "doDe."
episode, he got In • another tantrum and
chased the keeper about half a mile over
the prairie. He was being led out to wa
ter when this occurred. The head trainer
then decided to get rid of the disturbing
keeper before Big Charley went daffy
with rage and made serious trouble. . A
little red headed Irishman, who never 6av/
an elephant until he got his present job,
now waits on Charley and makes him
obey like a child. •
their great herd. For some reason Char
ley would not have anything to do with
this fellow. He sulked *and trumpeted and
¦would not be humored by the new keeper.
The keeper finally lost patience and be
gan to use the hook. He made the ele
phant kneel down and stand up on his
hind legs and do other wearying stunts,
until he thought he had won the day.
Charley took his medicine without any
'ehow of temper and bided his time. A
week or so later the opportunity came,
and Charley gave the offensive trainer a
blow with his trunk that knocked him
down and out and tried to reach him with
his hoof to crush him, but the heavy
chains prevented. A short time after this
the Ringlings were obliged to bring a
man from Hamburg to help look after
THERE Is a "cake and ale" flavor to
•wild animal Etorles that flnds ready
favor with readers and accounts for
the sprinkling of such anecdotes In
magazines and newspapers. None
has done greater service In Inspiring these
eubjects than the elephant- He Is the
wisest of all beasts. None surpass him
5n Intelligence, strength or docility. Many
Indians Imagine a human soul dwells In
his body, and In Slam he Is fed out of
golden vessels and clothed in magnificent
garments. He must not bend his knee ex
cept to the Emperor, -rrho returns the sa
lute. For «.ll that, the brute remains gen
tle and obedient, which shows that he Is
not animated by human Inspiration. He
Is just a towering beast with a quick
scent, keen vision and governing sense,
•which makes him place his strength
where It will do the most good and keeps
him from quarreling with surroundings he.
cannot change.
There are two species of elephants, the
Ind'.an and the African. The Indian has
a concave forehead, small tusks and ears,
twenty-six teeth, five nails to the forefeet
and four to the hind feet The African
has a concave forehead, large tuEks. with
attain eight feet in length, big fan-shaped
cars, ten teeth, four claws to the fore feet
and three to the hind feet In the Ring
ing circus herd of thirty there are fine
epedmens of each. The pioneer tusk
bearer of this troop Is named "Old Baldy."
He Is famed among showmen and scien
tists, here and abroad, for Intelligence and
cbedlence. Many anecdotes are told by
his keeper, Edward Souder, to show that
he has not only mind, but a heart, and. if
tome of the menagerie men are to be
taken seriously, even a soul.
Only a few months &go a baby ele
phant was added to the big herd. She
was taken from her mother and brought
direct from Ceylon to Baraboo. After a
E*>od rest and tender care there she was
Ehlpped to the show. When placed among
th© family of her kind Ehe fretted and
pined until it looked serious. The rogues
of th« herd made it all the harder for
her, much as mischievous boys do with
a new comer of a boarding school. She
¦was chained next to Old Baldy as a last
resort. All the other elephants have
great respect fcr Baldy. He is a sort of
guide and protector and has quite as
much to do with bringing to book any
who go out of the way of right doing
es their master and trainer, Herr Sou
der.
Baldy at once began to caress the
lonesome youngster and turned fiercely
upen thoee who had picked out the baby
for a teasing mark. He divided his rice
/ with the little one, played with her and
took the young stranger completely
tinder his care. As Baldy Is boss of the
herd none dare g-o against his wishes,
and now the little one Is pet of the whole
tribe. Baldy and the v baby are insep-
Erable. The youngster has been named
"Jewel." and she Is now as serene as a
bowl of milk.
Nearly every one has noticed the friend
ly relationship that seems to exist be
tween elephants and their keepers. This
Is entirely due to the efficacy of kindness.
An elephant will resent cruelty as sure as
sunrise. He Is a crafty and vindictive
animal and will Walt his opportunity 'to
Fouare accounts. Trainers who "break"
elephants by cruel methods can never de- .
pend on them doing their work. They
will shirk at every opportunity and some
times ruin a performance by unexpected
stubbornness. Big Charley is a moody
beast and susceptible to strong likes and
dislikes.
Good animal keepers are not -easy to
get, and at the beginning of this season
WHAT A FUNNY FELLOW IS AN ELEPHANT IN CAPTIVITY
11
THE SUNDAY CALL.
crazy-headed ape a' thing or two. The
ape was a baa one, and no one could do
anything with him. He" must have been
temporarily "daffy." His keeper— and or
dinarily-he loved his keeper as a father'
does a son, for Chlco . thought himself a
very superior sort of being— could not go
near his cage without angering him so
that It was feared he would go Into con
vulsions. As for" allowing' the crowd to
sec the gentleman, that was entirely out
of the question. He would have burst a
blood vessel In sheer wrath at the' least
sign of a stranger. He bit and yelled and
chewed at everything In sight, and what
ever was In his cage was torn to shreds or
hurled to atoms. In that emergency Bru
tus was taken into the annex where Chlco
was quartered. You never j heard such
swearing in monkey talk In all your life
as Chico let out as the elepha'nt came into
view. The keeper gave. Brutus a Jab un
der' the ear as. he neared the profane
"monk." In just two minutes Chlco looked
like two. cents. He shut up, as If he had
been hit on the head with a Bledge, and'
crept into the corner of .his cage the most
frightened and. best behaved ape that ever
was. Ho remained good to the end, too.
Poor Chico! he was sunshine and amia
bility- Itself ' from the time he heard that
trumpet to the last. Chico was a mere
baby when captured, and Brutus in hisTHE SUNDAY; OALIi.
Near the top of each ear, just within the
downturned edge and slightly.toward tha
back, will be found, if one feels for it, a
small lump of cartilage. This Is a rem
nant of what was originally the tip of the
ear, when, ever so long ago, 1 that organ in
our remote ancestors had a point on it.
Most of the apes to-day nave pointed ears;
but in human beings the upper edge of the
organ has, In the course of ages,' been
folded over so as to cover the real tip.—
Philadelphia Saturday Post.
There is probably nobody in the .world »
who has a pair of ears perfectly matched.'
In most people the two differ, perceptibly
not only in shape, but also In size. Fre
quently they are not placed precisely alike
on the head. The age of a person may be
judged 'with great accuracy by. the ear**,
which after youth is past assume an,in
creasing harshness of contour.- A. pretty
woman whose first" youth ' has departed
may not show the fact in other ways, but
these telltale features will surely tell the
story of the flight of time. Then there is
the little wrinkle that comes just in front
of each ear. during the thirties— a fatal
and ineradicable, sign.
Why ears should go on growing all one's
life, any-more than noses,- is a : mystery.
There are a good, many other points about
them that are instructive, their shapes be
ing markedly persistent through heredity.
An ear will be handed down,' so to speak,
from father to son for generation", after
¦generation with comparatively little modi
fication.''Some, authorities in criminology
assert that criminals are' very apt. to pos
sess a peculiar kind of ear, which is reeds-'
nizable by an" expert in such matters.
THE systematic examination of more
. than . 40,000 pai rs of human' ears in
England and France has resulted in
'-535^ some interesting conclusions.
one thing, it is ascertained that the ear
continues to grow in the latter decades of
life; in fact, it appears never to H stop
growing until death. If one will take the
trouble to look around in: any assemblage
of people, as at church, he will discover
that the old folks have ears considerab'y
larger than those. of the, middle-aged."- A
woman who has small, shell-like ears at
20 years of age. will be very apt 'to.pos
sess t medium-sized ears at 40 years, and
large ears at 60. . : .." .;. .. .
DO YOU KNOW THAT
YOUR EAR NEVER
STOPS GROWING?
There are two scenes In the fifth act—
the first represents the castle where John
is.imprisoned^and he appears on the wall
loaded down' with chains and attended by
a jailer.. Here he Is visited by, Herodias,
whom he vehemently upbraids for her
wantonness. She departs in wrath.:
The second scene is a view of the in
terior of the palace, where Salome has
just completed the historic dance, which
so delights Herod that\ us a reward he
promises her anything that she may k wish,
even to the half of his kingdom. Hero
dias, filled with anger "and impelled to do"
vengeance, prompts her daughter to ask
for the head of John the' Baptist.. Herod
at . first refuses, as he admits . being
strangely fascinated by. John, ' but upon
being reproached for breaking his prom
ise' he orders the execution of the : im
prisoned exhorter.
% In the fourth act a view is given of the'
market-place in , Jerusalem where John, :
surrounded . by the ' traders, is exhorting
them, to a spiritual life and inculcating
In '.their minds the teachings of the new
creed.; He Is hidden from view by the
populace as Herod and Pontius Pilate, ap
pear^ accompanied by an escort of guards.
They decide upon the arrest of Joh*n,
who steps forward and surrenders him
self into- custody.
In the end she convinces Herod that she,
was only tempting ! the ' Baptist, and , is",
again restored to' his favor arid affec-?
tionV ;. .
viously arranged with the Roman 'guard
to fall upon John's followers and destroy ;
' them' and their homes' in the lowly quar-
Iters of Tiberias if she gives* a signal. ; .
The signal agreed upSn is. a gleam of
light •- from the window, of her apart
¦ments.- -"When- the. exhorter from the r
•wilderness appears before her Herodias '.
.appeals to him for some sign of affection, a
She tells him the story of her life. She j
offers honors, wealth, fame to John if he' 1 '"'
will but signify that her affections arc,'
not wrongly placed. John rejects with
vehemence her offers. '
' She then threatens him with torture and
death and goes toward .the window to
draw the drapery that will permit the V
glow of light to signal -the soldiery to do
their work of-.butchery, all of which she
has explained to. the .-preacher, ' but he
stands unmoved. Just as the curtains are
drawn and a gleam of red flames flashes,
.up signifying that, the carnage has com
menced,. Herod, who has been an unob
served: witness of what has transpired] [
thrusts aside the draperies, behind which
he has been standing. Herodias cowers
at the apparition and Herod advances and
gives to John his ring which he is to use
to protect himself and his people.
When the herald of Christianity has de-.
parted " there ensues a strenuous scene.'
¦ Herod,' with drawn dagger, vows to kill'
r Herodias. He upbraids her for her disloy
alty- and ¦ infidelity to. him and grasping
her by. the "throat is about to plunge the'
dagger into bosom: : But she is an
adept at diplomacy and vehemently pleads'
with him and. defies him, then proclaims
her love for 'him. v *; ¦
The third act is very emotional and
opens upon Herodias,' magnificently fur
nished apartment in the castle. The Prin
cess has commanded Hulda,. the slave
girl, to inveigle John the Baptist to ap
pear before her unattended. She has pre-
The rack is brought in and John Is sub
jected to its painful inflictions. All the
while Herodias, in a frenzy,', begs of him
to repent and forego . his ""teachings,; but
John refuses. During this scene -the ; . fol
lowers of the prophet have gathered in
force and. crush in the gates to the palace
yaTd. They make an' onslaught " on " the
guards, "whom they drive away, and rush
toward Herod and^ Herodias, whom they
. threaten . with death. The curtain falls
upon the scene with John Ftanding before
his followers, his arms outstretched, com
manding peace, while the terror stricken
Prince aind' Princess of Judea crouch be
hind him. ' ."
Herod to such a pitch of anger and fury
that he commands that the conscientious
preacher be given over to the- tortures
until he repents. . . '.
The guard, not finding John, promises
to return. After their departure the Man
of God appears before his followers and
Is about to preach to them when they
are startled by the approach of a leper.
They etone him and cry: "Unclean, un
clean." John commands them to desist
and, going to the crouching outcast, he
¦rives him comfort, saying: "Never shalt.
thou be a scorn in the sight of heaven."
The Roman guards then reappear and
the captain reads to John the mandate
of Herod prohibiting him from preaching.
John sends back to the Prince his deter
mination to carry on his mission and to [
tell of him who is to come oven under the .
very gates of Herod's palace.
The second act opens upon a brilliant
aEsembly gathered in the gardens at ,
Herod Antipas. While feasting and games
are in progress the assembly denounces
John the Baptist for his treasons and his
teachings, which he Is then delivering out
side the very gates of the palace. Herod
In anger commands that he be brought
before him, but. when John appears- his
commanding presence and spiritual bear
ing captivate the Prince. He is loth to
heed the clamors of his courtiers, and
would set him free were it not that John
refuses to cease preaching. The nobles
and slaves surround him and strike him
down, and Herodias, appearing, requests
that he be turned over to her for punish
ment and torture. She, too, recognizes in
him a mysterious power which she is un
able to resist, and as her Spouse depaVts
with his court she falls' on her knees be
fore the prophet of the Messiah. She begs
that be will not denounce her and that be
exhibit mercy for her.
John tells- her that she must return to
her lawful husband and look to heaven
.for grace. He spurns her offer of affec
tion, and In the midst of this scene Herod
returns. John upbraids them both for
their sinful association, and this rouses
discovered by the Roman guard which
comes in quest of the preacher. As day
light appears the pilgrims gradually awak
en from their slumbers and are held la
awe by the presence of the soldiery.
hinges the plot
The first act shows John and his follow
ers In a rocky wilderness skirting- the
River Jordan. Mount Olivet appears in
the distance. The Bleeping pilgrims are
Is to take the leading part, that of • John
the EaptisL The play was written by Ed
ward Ellsner at Downing' s request, ' and
?.-as made as big as possible in point of
•cenes and number of people.
It is written about the character of John
the Baptist ajjd abides pretty closely by
the Scripture story of his career. The ex
ception to this is in the tale inserted
concerning Herodias, the consort of the
Tetrarch. She is made in the play to be
come enamored of John and on this fact
hand. v
"Voice From the 'Wilderness" is the
name of the piece and Robert Downing
THK DiDlical drama Is coming.
"Ben Hur" was the first of it. It
won out in New York by means
of Its circus proportions and E. J.
ilcrgan. It was a forerunner of
what looks like the new fad of the com
ing season.
Richard Mansfield Is to open his season
*ith a splendid scenic production laid in
Judea at the time ct the coming of the
Redeemer. That's one.
W. A. Brady * lias taken In hand Clay
Greene's "Nazareth," which we have al
ready seen in this t-tate. It will be put
on In the East with, all the hejp that the
icene painter can furnish. That's another.
Robert Downing is about to produce a
biblical play at the Central Theater.
That's a. third, and it's the nearest at
12
A VOICE FROM THE WILDERNESSSTANDARD OIL MAGNATE
"WHO "WAS' MARRIED YES
TERDAY TO MISS KENAN.
-LONDON, Aug. 24.— A dispatch 'frbm> St
Petersburg states that according to in
formation from' Turkish sources .'the Sul
tan has paid the United States ; $95,000 for
losses Buffered by American citizens dur
ing tne'Armenian troubles.- , , ; . •
Sultan Settles With Americans.
; PEORIA, 111.. Aug. 24.-The breaking of
a truck ditched the southbound freight! on
the^Chlcago and Alton at Pontiac to-day,
causing a property loss of $50,000.' Ten cars
of oil,. eight of merchandise and the en
gine^ and tender were piled in an ! Indisl
criminate, mass iupon ,' the ;. tracks. .- Two
tramps supposed: to. be on ; the train, are
missing, but ; none of r the train' crew was
seriously injured.; All'traffic' is tied up. '
Cars . of . Oil . and Merchandise and
Engine and Tender Ditched,
With a Loss of $50,000.
BBEAKING OF TSTTCK
f&'M '¦ DITCHES FREIGHT 'TRAIN
Latest Story Concerning the Future
of the Present President of the
Southern Pacific. -
CLEVELAND, Aug. 24.— The Leader to
morrow will ; cay: Private advices ; re-
HAYS MAY BECOME
MORGAN'S RAILROAD EXPERT
from San Pablo announces that a dyna
mite bomb has been found in- the garden
of the Governor's palace. As "Governor
Rodrlgues Alves is a . Presidential candi
date and is backed by President Campos-
Balles, it is believed that the bomb was
placed there by his political adversaries.
The Minister of Foreign. Affairs has an
nounced that the Government has received
an official note to the effect that Argen
tina and Chile have agreed not to increase
their army and'navy.
ing, Tried to Blow TJp Of flcial
in Brazil. .
RIO JANEIRO. Aug. 24.— A dispatch
Political Opponents Accused of Hav-
DYNAMITE IS FOUND
IN GOVERNOR'S GARDEN
In the Court of Honor. ;l-' :
. In' the court of. honor. twenty-six pillars,
each 30 'feet* bigh; line : the . sides', of.; the
street in frontT of the Courthouse and lead
on' one side -up the 'monster balustrades
that 'run,; from to. the en
trance of the building, r The bases of. the
plllarsTare" nine/, arid a . half feet tyghf' and
surmounted around the bottom of.the'col
umns potted plants. ; On anjirn'on the
top 'of each : column" grows a . Boston palin
eight , feet -high."- Garlands' of flowers 'and
green)* three > Btrands"" in 'all. 7 connect- the
A- climax to the decorative effects has
been I reached;, in : the quadruple ' electric
arch at Fourth avenue arid Broadway and
in the court of. honor in front of the Jef
ferson' County' Courthouse on Jefferson
street, between Fifth, j and Sixth. ¦ The
magnificence of. the former structure was
not realized until Its [ 5000 incandescent
lamps were lighted to-night. Four mas
sive piers - carry, the structure upward
from the . four corners of | the sidewalks.
Heroic figures of standing knights and ar
mored 'Crus'aders on "steeds of war guard
the approaches. Delicately wrought Tem
plar emblems .are : displayed" on . 'the ; four
faces of the 1 structure ¦ in • heavy , relief,
made still bolder " by the countless lights
that outline, them.'; The massive dome
that arches above the intersection of the
two streets is surmounted by a cross and
crown— one- of the most striking of ', the
Templar, emblems. The crown Is twenty
five feet ; in, diameter, and' is jeweled '.in
golden lights. • The cross is twenty r two
feet high' arid literally -covered with scar T
leMamps . From; the'groundjto the tip of
the cross is • a , distance of \ eighty-nine
feet. An electrical . mechanism, makes, the
cross and crown ' revolve, ~ thus * causing
the : entire', structure ,to present; a- similar
appearance ;from each of its four, ap
proaches. ' .. -v t-r.^.v '?¦>''-.*"¦"•/-;•¦.' ' '
The entire central portion of the city
Is to-night flooded with light from,rny
rlads i of . vari-cplored ¦ incandescent globes.
Great Templar crosses' and shields adorn
the entire fronts of office buildings, and
business houses. Crusaders and . pranc
ing .war '.-horses of heroic 'design, -con
structed of cathedral glass, behind which
are placed- electric lights, are conspicu
ous-figures on some of the public build
ings. Festoons of colored lights span the
thoroughfares of forty different blocks in
the heart of the city. - ' •
¦ .. clses of i the opening; of j the twen
ty-eighth "triennial -conclave of the order
will not 'take place until 'next I! Tuesday
morning. . Imedlately after i dusk the city
became a .veritable , dreamland { of '' daz
zling .: brilliancy " v when, the ' electric cur
rent was turned on a • hundred; designs
and decorative structures. '"' .,
~ OUISVILLE, Ky./ Aug. 24.-A gala
II , ' week,' for - the '-, .Knights ' Templar
J \\j. of -the . United '-States .began , td-
II t4 night ., though ,the formal exer-
ceived by Cleveland railroad, men yester
day from' the East make the statement
that Charles M. Hays, the retiring presi
dent of the- Southern Pacific, is to be
taken by J. P.. Morgan & Co. as the rail
road expert of that house. | In this Hays
follows the example of Samuel- Spencer,
who had. the same position prior to ac
cepting the presidency 'of, the Southern
Railroad. The advices state that Hays
will be: taken in by Morgan preparatory
to- making him president of some , of the
railroad combinations which : Morgan has
now effected.
Henry M. v Flagler, l'ke many, American
millionaires, has achieved, success and
risen to great wealth from humble begin
nings. Born in Canandaigua, N. Y., in
1830, he became clerk 'in a country store,
went to Saginaw, Mich:,- : manufactured
salt, removed to Cleveland, becoming
partner in Rockefeller, Andrews & Flag
ler, oil refiners, who were succeeded by
the. Standard Oil Company, with which
he has been continuously and prominently
identified since. Flagler is also connected
with nearly a dozen other corporations,
and owns hotels and about 600 miles of
railroad In Florida. :
Comes From Humble Stock.
Edward C. Foote, the agent of an office
building in New York City, recently sued
Henry M. Flagler for $100,000 damages,
alleging that by his attentions and liberal
presents of money .Flagler has won the
affections of Mrs. Foote. The complainant
alleged that Flagler has given his wife
shares in , the Standard Oil Company to
the value of $400,000, and that' It was in
consideration of this that she discarded
Foote. *
About a week ago Henry M. Flagler
secured a divorce In Florida, from his sec
ond, wife, who had been an inmate of an
insane asylum for several - years. His
third marriage following so closely after
the divorce causes considerable comment.
Divorce; From Insane Wife.
con, Ga., having preceded them by several
days. - .•."¦• • ¦ • . .' .: t
A special train bearing Mr. Flagler and
the wedding guests, left this city at 7
o'clock. this morning and arrived at War
saw, a distance. of fifty-five miles, in sixty
minutes. The party from Wilmington
consisted of Mr. Flagler and his attorney,
Mr. Ashley of New York; Mr. and Mrs.
W. A. Dick, Captain and Mrs. E. W. Van
Court Lucase and Miss Hannah Bolles, all
from Wilmington. From Warsaw the
party proceeded to Kenansville in private
carriages. Dr. Peyton H. Hoge of Louis
ville, the officiating clergyman, arrived at
Kenansville Friday night. The bride ac
companied by her father. Captain W. R.
Kenan; her brother, W. R. Kenan Jr.. and
her sister, Miss Sarah Kenan, arrived at
Kenansville yesterday, the bride's, mother
and another sister, Mrs. J. C. Wise of Ma-
and property of Frenchmen on the isth
mus. The Government had not received
any news from its representative in Cen
tral America concerning the troubles
there until a day . or .two ago. As these
came by mail they relate to events three
weeks old, and fall to give a clear idea
of what is taking place. But it is certain
that, there was , nothing calculated | to
cause alarm for the safety of French in
terests.
Guests on a Swift Special.
Immediately, upon the conclusion. of. the
ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Flagler left on a
special train. They are bound for Main
ronlcU", on the Hudson, via New York. •
Rev. Dr. Peyton. H. Hoge, pastor of
Warren Memorial Church, Louisville, Ky.,
but formerly Miss Kenan's pastor at the
First Presbyterian Church, this city, of
ficiated. The old home, colonial in archi
tecture, was profusely decorated with 'a
wealth of plants and flowers and present
ed a scene of crandeur. Selections were
played by the orchestra from. Wilmington
before and after the ceremony. . Hun-;
dreds of costly wedding presents were in
evidence and telegrams of congratulation
were showered -upon the couple. Among
the telegrams was one from Mr. and Mrs.
Pembroke Jones, dated from Newport.
WILMINGTON, N. C, Aug. 24.—
The marriage of Miss Mary
Lily; Kenan to Henry M.
Flagler, the : Florida multi
millionaire and Standard J)il
magnate, was solemnized at 10 o'clock this^
morning. at Kenansville', N. C. -at the old
country home of the Kenan family. There
were present to witness the ceremony only
a few friends and relatives of the bride
and groom.
}. PORTLAND, , Or. . ' Aug. , 24.— Immigrant
Inspector" B. F. p Jossey, who was arrested
to-day : at. Nogales, ;Ariz.,' on a /charge (of
being Implicated In the "smuggling of Chi
nese into the United States,^ was 'formerly
a" Chinese " inspector; in th"e ' district Tof . Pu
get Sound. ;;HoVwas ; ,transferredv to;; the
Portland | district in j 1898. "> Jossey" . made
such • relentless ; warfare" on v Chinese - that
the j Minister;"at-.Washington';pro
tested'against some of his actions.; 1 Final
ly "he was transferred to 'Nogales, 'Ariz. '
* Jossey's Good Northern Record.
j TUCSON.- Ariz., Aug. 24.— United States
Collector ; of Customs William Hoey. and
Chinese. Inspector B. '; F.; Jossey '. declare
they have , not- up ; to this ) time been .ar
rested, as "appeared in the dispatches from
.Washington,; for, the conspiracy; to allow
Chinese -to. enter : into -the United : States
from Mexico.,- Both ..'the .'Collector and the
Inspector Bay. they are absolutely without
any information from. Washington . re
garding ;their reported arrest, arid- express
great surprise at the dispatch.^ They ridi
cule .the. idea of . their ¦ being connected
•with any ' such .transaction, when | the
records; of : the; ; Unlted States', Marshal's
office shows that; there never has ,been ¦ so
many- arrests and deportations of
for. thei- district . as . during ; the .fiscal ; year.
,The charges, they say,; grow out of "politi
cal'; feeling; and" are. ' as; far." as -the United
States authorities in the Territory " know.'
without" foundation. ; ;._•.',' , > .
Denial by; the Accused.
Collector Hoey is, from Muncie/ilrid.,
Neely's - town, and his > papers,- like those
of Neely, bear 'the indorsement of former
First ¦ Assistant' Postmaster" -General
Heath.' Hoey was appointed'about a year
and a half ago."- ¦' - •' ' •'.' ' ' ',
' Then two inspectors,- whose hones'ty had
been tested, • entered the room and de
manded-that the Collector take them '.into
the combination and give them a share of
the' money obtained from^the Chinamen.
The Collector . reluctantly, complied | with
their demands and wrote them . a check
for their first dividend. He was then ar
rested., ;.-.:-;. •.:;...¦•.¦•,.
Collector Hoey. Trapped.
: Collector Hoey ' was believed" to " be the
principal man In the whole combination of
dishonest officials'. "A secret service man
concealed himself in a closet opening into
the Collector's office,^where he could see
and he'ar what occurred in the. room. ;• '
¦ The; first intimation the department .'re
ceived of anything being wrong came" in
a I letter from.- a young man' who jj had
formerly -been 'a clerk in the Treasury: De
partment and- who : was transferred"!.' to
Nogales' in the Chinese inspection-service.
He' wrote "a letter to "Assistant Secretary
Ailes telling of his suspicions ": arid, inclos
ing such- evidence as he had been able to
gather. Secret service men were at' once
assigned, to. the. case," and .'speedily '.found
Jhat the situation ; was worse .than the
young clerk had suspected/ j They found
that when Chinamen had paid .money to
any one of the conspirators his certificate
of identification was marked. with. the let
ter '"A." This mark was .recognized , by
men all along the border, arid Chinamen
who had . it , had no difficulty j in i passing
through. the lines. The secret service men
passed ' a Chinaman .through "themselves
and obtained . ev'.dencc' against ¦ many, of
•those in the plot. ¦ . '.' "''¦,.'
It has been kn6wii<'foriirion'pr' s t>iQe*that
Chinamen were being smuggled ;across the
border' from .Mexico/ but < it was- supposed
that-theygot thrbughin spite of thevigi
lance of .officials," ahdVnbt with' their, ; as
sistance.;' •;¦..-.>! ','¦>'•;''¦:..'' ','¦ ¦':'¦.¦ ]¦' ':':..'." •'.'...¦'
Acting Chief of the Sit ret Service Hcran
was to-day notified of the arrest of Wil
liam M. Hoey, Collector of Customs at
Nogales, Ariz.; B. F. Jossey,' an Immi
grant inspector; Frank How, a Chinaman
living in Nogales, and another Chinaman
living across the border in Mexico. More
arrests will follow in a day or two, and
a special United States Attorney, will be
given charge of the prosecution of the ac
cused men. Their; cases will not be in
trusted to local District Attorneys, for it
is suspected that even local officials of the
Department of Justice have been tampered
with, and when additional ¦ arrests are
made it is probable that one. or more of
ficials of 'this 'department will' be taken
Into custody. \-..\. ',;•;: y;',l ' "'.''h'.':." .'*
Evidence ' of Fraud Found. ."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G. STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The .entire
customs and Chinese Inspection service of
the United States along the Mexican
boundary is honeycombed with fraud.
There are some honest men scattered
along ttie border, but discoveries made by
officials of the secret service show that at
almost any point Chinamen not entitled to
admission to the United States can come
in'. All that has been necessary has been
that each Chinaman should pay from $50
to $200 to the men in the corrupt ring.
Customs Clique on the Mexican
Boundary Accused of Having Ac
cepted Money to Let in
' Hordes of Asiatics.
Secret Service Men Trap and
Arrest Two .Officials
. \ . at Nogales.
Inspection Service on the
Border Honey com bed
- . i With Fraud.
FRAUDULENT
ADMISSION
OF CHINESE
Closely Following the .Divorce From His
W: Insane Second Spouse the Florida Million
aire Is Married to Miss Lily Kenan
HENRY M. FLAGLER,
THE OIL MAGNATE,
TAKES THIRD WIFE
COLOMBIANS
ARE BEATEN
BY REBELS
Reported Defeat of the
Regular Troops in
Cauca.
However, Minister Silva Says
the Revolutionists Are
Defeated.
President Castro of Venezuela Will
Report to Washington, on Differ
ences With. His Neighbor
Republics.
Esecl&l Dispatch to The Call.
CARACAS. Venezuela, Aug. 24.— It is
announced here that the Colombian Gov
ernment's forces have been completely de
feated by the Colombian revolutionists In
the department of Cauca. The . revolu
tionists assert that the whole department
is In their possession.
NEW YORK, AugJ 24.— The above an
nouncement has evidently been made by
President Castro's Government The bat
tle referred to is presumably that which
took place near Tomaco. Dr. Sllva. Co
lombian Minister to Washington, received
advices that the Colombian revolutionists
were routed. The department of Cauca
Is the largest In Colombia. It extends
along the Pacific coast and has an area of
257,462 square miles.
COLON. Colombia, Aug. 24.— A steam
launch, the Sunrise, belonging to a fruit
company, has just sailed for Bocas del
Toro with fifty Government . soldiers on
boari. The rebels are threatening Bocas
del Toro and Code. They are both banana
¦¦.owns, In which the fruit company and
other concerns are largely interested.
Invasions From Colombia.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The Govern
ment of Venezuela has decided to place a
report of its differences with Colombia
before the State Department at Washing
ton. Senor Eduardo Blanco, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, cables from Caracas that
President Castro has instructed him to se
cure every detail of the Invasion of Vene
zuela by Colombian troops, and draw up
a report for presentation to this Govern
ment.
There has Just been printed in Caracas
by the Government a pamphlet containing
in detail the accounts of other invasions
from Colombia since 1839. This, It Is said,
has been published to disprove the asser
tion of the Colombian Government that
two recent raids were by Venezuelan rev
olutionists and not Colombian troops.
The list published shows that since 1S53
there have been twenty-two incursions
from Colombia, and nearly all these came
from Cucuta and Invaded the State of
Tachlra. the scene of the latest attacks
on the Venezuelan frontier.
Castro's Secretary Sanguine.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Aug. 24.—Presi
dent Castro declines to give personal In
terviews with any person and whatever
statements are made the spokesman is
Dr. Torres Cardenas, the President's gen
eral secretary. The Call correspondent
had an Interview with Dr. Cardenas at
Miraflores Palace to-day In the course of
which he said:
"The situation in Venezuela Is satis
factory. The capture and immediate re
lease of General Juan Pletrl. who was ar
rested upon a charge of conspiring against
the Venezuelan Government, proved that
the administration fears nothing.
"The elections will take place In com
plete peace. The people are united." Dr.
Gardens s, speaking very gravely, con
tinued:
"The Colombian Government has not
given a satisfactory explanation of the
recent Invasions Into Venezuelan territory.
Minister Rico's - departure from Caracas
seems to condemn the conduct of the
Colombian Government Venezuela docs
not intend to Invade Colombia, which she
considers a sister nation.
Venezuela on the Defensive.
"Our army 1« only for defense. We
have 10,000 men on the frontier, and we
are ready to repel any invasion. Sons of
the beat and most prominent families of
Caracas dally join the army. This is
proof of the enthusiasm of the people.
Venezuela does not attribute . the recent
Invasions to the people of Colombia. These
invasions were conducted by Conserva
tives and the Clerical party In Colombia—
persons whom everybody hates.
"The Colombian revolution Is progress
ing dally. It will finally conquer. Mean
while we remain at shoulder arms."
France Not Interested.
PARIS, Aug. 24.— The French press has
not been giving much attention editorial
ly to the Venezuelan-Colombian question,
but what comment has been made has on
the whole been adverse to the United
States, which is accused of exaggerating
facts In order to have an excuse to Inter
vene and 6eize the Isthmus of Panama
and the canaL
The Call correspondent learned to-day
from a well-informed source that the
French Government has not yet consid
ered the contingencies which may arise If
the United States intervenes, nor has any
exchange of views with the European
chancellories on the subject taken place
or even been suggested. So far as France
i* concerned she does not contemplate
«ny step beyond that already taken of
rending a warship to protect the lives
GALA WEEK OF THE KINGS TEMPLAR AT KENTUCKY'S METROPOLIS
IS INAUGURATED AMID BEAUTIFUL SCENES OF DAZZLING SPLENDOR
CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY FIRST
TO ARRIVE AT LOUISVILLE FROM
POINT OUTSIDE BLUE GRASS STATE '
When All the Soldiers of the Sword and Cross Have Reached the
Mecca T^heir; Number Will Exceed Twenty-Five Thousand — Pa
rade^ to Be Great Feature of Twenty-Eighth Triennial Conclave
grand master; Henry Bates Stoddard.
Bryan, Tex., deputy grand master;
George M. Moulton, Chicago, grand gen
eralissimo; Rev. Henry "W. Rugg, Provi
dence, R. I., grand captain general; "Wil
liam B. Melish. Cincinnati, grand senior
warden; Rev. J. C. "W. Coxe, "Washington.
Iowa grand prelate; H. "Wales Lines.
Meriden, Conn., grand treasurer; "William
H. Mayo, St. Louis, grand recorder; Lea
S. Smith, Pittsburgh grand standard
bearer; Arthur MacArthur, Troy, N. T. t
grand sword bearer; Harper M. Orahood,
Denver, grand warden; Charles C. Vogt,
SOME OP ¦ THE BUILDINGS AT LOUISVILLE. KT., THAT HAVE BEEN
GORGEOUSLY DECORATED WITH ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN HONOH
OF THE SOJOURNING COMMANDERIES OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
Louisville, grand captain of the guard.
Divine services will be held under the
auspices . of the Knights Templar at 3
o'clock to-morrow afternoon at Broad
way M. E. Church, South, corner of
Floyd street and Broadway. The officers
and members of the Grand Encampment
will be escorted from headquarters at
the Gait House to the church by a detail
of Sir Knights. In full uniform and head
ed by a band of music. Rev. J. C. W.
Coxe, the grand prelate, will officiate at
the religious exercise at the church. The
remainder of the day will be devoted by
the local Templars to the reception of in
coming commanderies.
- An escort committee of seven hundred
members went on duty at noon to-day
and will remain until Tuesday morning.
The body. Is divided into thirty-three de
tails, each under command of a captain.
Every outside commandery is met on ar
rival at the railway station with a detail
and escorted with a band of music to It3
quarters.
Great Parade Is Planned.
Monday night the Grand Commandery
of Kentucky— the State's supreme body
which is expected to maintain the Blue
Grass reputation foV hospitality — will In
augurate a series of seven receptions at
its headquarters, in the Custom-house.
The interior of the building has been elab
orately decorated. ' A great court covers
the city postoffice department and is sur
rounded by a corridor lined with massive
columns. This interior is centered with,
a platform heavily banked with plants
and flowers, behind which an orchestra
will play each afternoon and evening ot
the week. Spacious courtrooms surround
ing the corridors will be used for the dif- .
ferent function's connected with the re
ceptions.
On Tuesday morning the formal opening
of the triennial will take place with the
great parade. Major John H. Leathers
of Louisville, an ex-Confederate officer.
pillars on the south side of the street, and
on the north side, where the Courthouse
is situated, follow from the piers that line
the street up to the columns connecting
with the front of the building. To-night
the scene is intensified in beauty by the
use of thousands of electric, lamps.
The Courthouse is a building, of stern
Ionic architecture, and -Its front Is out
lined in rows of . Incandescent > lamps.
Across Sixth street the City Hall is a
palace of "light, every angle and outline
of the big building ;belng traced in rows cf
lights of different colors. Similar decor
ative effects are witnessed on f the ex
terior of the Custom-house, where ' the
Grand Commandery of . Kentucky # will
open headquarters Monday night.
Arrival of Calif ornians.
Callfornla Commandery. No.,. 1 of San
Francisco, the first official , arrival from a
point outside the State, reached the city
shortly after noon" to-day. ' The com
mandery started from home last Sunday,
stopping- in. Denver and Chicago en route.
Most Eminent'. Sir . Reuben . ' H. Lloyd,
grand master of the Grand Encampment,
came, with the 'commandery. To-night "a
reception and .musicalqjfwas tendered, by
California. No. 1' to the Knights* Teinplar
of Louisville and all other members of
the order who are now in the city: " . The
function was • held . ; - at the Ga!t- : House,
where ' the commandery has headquarters
and . where, it will entertain lavishly dur
ing the coming "week. Only Sir Knights in
full 'dress . uniform, ¦ minus "the ' sword, 'and
ladies in : evening , dress were * admitted . to
the reception. • • .;¦¦-¦. . • .
Each train since noon' has brought' in
one or more ". " Templar delegations . and
hundreds of other? visitors. .The attend-
ance promises to '¦ surpess , that of any
previous meeting: of the Grand Encamp
ment. Over 25.000' Templars' and their
ladles are already provided with quarters.
"With the arrivalof Grand Master Lloyd,
all the ' officers of \ the 'Grand Encampmen t
are now • in • the ' city. The officers are as
follows:' Reuben H.' Lloyd, San Francisco,
Continued on Page Fourteen,
Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME XC-NO. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST £5, 1901- THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Pages 13 to 22!¦ "- . 6 -* 1 " **'¦--. "--'*,'--- -* * f r/°* '<¦¦***' ; • . . ' ' ' - - '' •¦¦ - J —*Z ' ¦
¦THE SANyFBANCISGa^CJ^
BTJRGKLAR TAKES COIN "...
FROM JETER'S TROUSERS
Ex-lieutenant * ¦ Governor ¦ Drives v a
Midnight Prowler From His* ;
Bedroom. -
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 24.— Kx-Lleutenant-
Governor Jeter was awakened by a burg
lar in- his room early this morning. Jeter
arose and: got a revolver, but before he
could use-. It the burglar escaped. Th«
same burglar entered a cottage occupied
by Mrs. Hayes Chynoweth and the Hayes
families of San Jose, but was frightened
away. He obtained U 65 from Jeter'a
trousers and bureau:.
Fire in Susanville.
SUSANVILLE, Aug. 24.— Fire ; started
early this morning in Asher Brosl* ware
house. The flames spread to ' the hose
house of the Susanville fire department.
Both buildings were burned.
14
Alleged Fugitive Held in Texas.
»EL PASO. Aug. 24.— W. M. Kennedy,
alias A.- H. Kennedy, alias Wallace", "is
being" held In Jail here as an :' alleged
fugitive from justice at ¦; Eureka, Cal.
Kennedy was arrested by order of 'the
Eureka officers, but the offense of which
he is alleged to be guilty was not given.
SUSANVILLE, Aug. 24.— Dr. Dozier
shot A. J. Flynn In the Johnson House
here last night They had a dispute over
dice while throwing: for drinks and en
gaged in a fight. Flynn had Dr. Dozier
down when Dozier drew a pistol from
Plynn's pocket and shot him twice, one
ball shattering his shoulder and the other
breakms his arm and lodging in his chest.
Dr. Dozier-has a wife and three children.'
He gave bail in the sum of $2000 to-day.
Flynn 1b a stranger here. He Is a tim
ber agent and his wife and family live In
Spokane. The wounded man is resting
easily.
Susanville Shooting Affray.
The Aldermen greeted this announce
ment with excited exclamations that they
would not stand for any such treatment,
that It was the people's mo.;ey that was
being spent and there should be no favor
itism. After lengthy consideration the Al
dermen decided to administer all funds In
connection with the celebration themselves
and to curtail the powers of the general
committee. ¦ . :^- : v .
•with only a few of the notables present
another luncheon would be held in the
Market Hall, ."at which the Aldermen
will receive those of the ducal company,
equerries and such like, who will not -be
admitted to the royal presence at the- Ar
mory." .:.;(;;¦; : . ¦•;•:•:
' KANSAS CITT, Mo., Aug. 24.—Applica
tion has been made for the appointment
-of an administrator for the 'estate of
William; Waldo, who has . been missing
eight years and is now legally, if not ac
.tually, dead. ¦ d.--'' . "-"'
"¦¦ Waldo, who was a member of one of
the most prominent' families in Western
Missouri, was ten years ago one of . the
best-known mining prospectors in \the
West: One day in May, 1893, he started
with his pack train of a horse and two
burros from Magdalena, N. M., on the
trail to Silverton, Colo., and was never
afterward heard of. Waldo's relatives
'spent 'much" money In a search for 'him.
hiring scouts, cattlemen -and miners to
;scour the mountains, - but to no" purpose.
Sight, Liable to Lose an
Estate.
William Waldo, Who Dr" pped Out of
STARTED WITH HORSES
AND THEN DISAPPEABED
| BORDEAUX; -Fraftce/' Augf.V24.~Severe
storms .'prevail v.< throughout ¦¦ -Southern
France and Spain. - Several fatalities are
reported, and a number of fires have been
caused by lightning.-^ - ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦', .- . - : ,
Storms in • Fralice and" Spain.
. PITTSBURG, Aug. ¦24.V-A V telegram from
;Wellsville to-night : says: - "Interest was
for, 1 a time' transferred to East Liverpool
this afternoon, where' Homer ; Thompson
Jr.v one*: of |the j men • ,wenV back> to
work ¦ in'', the Iroh'daie 'mill; was
oh : a : charge '¦ of | carrying I concealed ¦' weap
ons .and was' fined $9 50 by tho-<Mayor -of
that city. After he. had -.been .released: he
was met . at the station by a mob, who
gave him a frightful beating. -When' the
train arrived -J. . E. McDonald, -a promi
nent .attorney .'. of. .that . city, assisted
Thompson' on to the city. • When McDon
ald returned to: the: station platform ' he
was set upbn^by a crowd of union, potters
and* he ran up Broadway to his office,
with a crowd 1 of 500 men" following behind,
shouting: at : hlm.".-*;-^ • A- - -¦'. ¦ ¦ ¦'
BEATS^AN EMPLOYE.
Violence Is indulged In .by the Work-
> ingmeri ¦; in •¦; Wellsyille.
.• SAN; JOSE;' Aug.P 24.— The - Continental
Hotel j at': Agne.ws .was bijrned this', after
noon. 1 together with?: a ' saloon",' store 'ahii:
Pdstoflice,-'On thrower' floor. ..'The build-
ing was owned by; Dr. A. Warren of San'
Francisco, whose lose is about
its character, > the ' strikers Ifeel -confident
that they, will be able to escape; its con
sequences, i "The .'injunction -forbids the
strikers --ffoni!*. patrolling : the or
congregating 'or- collecting -around ¦ the
plant" with the intention; of intimidating
or -threatening the -men" working- In their
places. It. forbids violence, or coercion of
all forms explicitly, and even forbids the
strikers from calling at the homes. of the
new men.. : -; ,¦--¦•¦ X • -- - T -., :-.-•.•
Agnews Hotel Burned.
-LINCOLN. Nebr., Aug. 24.— The report
that W. J. Bryan will soon move to Chi
cago to make that city his home is de
nied. Bryan Is , out of the city, but his
brother. Charles W. Bryan, said that the
report-was news to him-and he was satis
fied' there was;.no.;truth in it whatever.
He, said W. J.. Bryan. would. continue^to
live: in Lincoln. : and \. publish his - paper;
'here;' '"' : "-¦¦¦- X.'\' "V.'Tvy": '"•¦
Bryan to iR-emain in' Lincoln.
DOVER,: Eng. , .Aug; 24.— The .Mayor ¦ of
Dover . presided -^.at ,a brilliant •¦. banquet
given. in the Municipal building to-night
•to the officers - of .-. the •'. German .cruiser
, Stein.'. Enthusiastic- toasts to -King. Ed
ward, and. -Emperor '.William were pro
posed and -drunk..' The secretary 'of the
German Embassy in proposing "The
British Army and.Navy". expressed the
belief that if 'occasion > arose the British
"and German forces would be found work
ing. loyally together. "-. ... * ;¦ .:.';:-:.¦ ¦
Germans Drin^'to King Edward.
BITE OF . A MOSQUITO ?*,;
- .ENDS A "NTTB.SWS LIFE
Woman " Tries . ,to , Become ' . .Iminuiie
..'.; From; Yellow Fever,';but'll.
'-., /a.--. .'-*. .-Soon Dies. .-. ; . ,
HAVANA.y.Aug.^24.— The ,. third "death
from yellowifeyer; f fesuiting" from.the bite
of a mosquito, occurred* this evening. The
victim was Miss Clara Maas of New Jer
sey, whose death occurred on -the seventh
day after she was taken -.ill.* Of the six
persons bitten -recently in the . course of
the Yellow Fever Commission's experi
ments three have died, and the doctors
say. the other': three are ' suffering from
light -attack^ of- the disease. 7 . MlssiMaas
was a nurse at Las Animas and wished to
become immune. ' V ¦ . ,.•-.;.
- The. large part which. Count von Wal
dersee is, occupying ; in public .' attention
has- brought out many kindly comments
on the Countess, ' which always include a.
mention of the fact that she is an Ameri
can; ' It is recalled that sho is the. only
woman who 'ever' came oft '. victorious in
encounters with the late Prince Bismarck,
to whose downfall she is alleged'to have
contributed. ( The commentators are un
able to discover. how she' came to lose her
influence with Emperor William, and why,
instead of seeing her husband Chancellor,
he was . dismissed as^-' chief of staff and'
sent mto". seclusion at Altona : , from which
he emerged in 1900 .to go to China.
King Edward is automobiling around
Homburg in a car which looks more like
an armor-clad than a carriage. It 13 very
large arid gloomy and painted green-black.
It holds six persons easily. The King is
scarcely visible-while in the car, and gets
privacy In his open-air excursions which
would not be obtainable otherwise. v -.';
"The rumors concerning the inefficiency
of the British fleet must be regarded as
absolutely justified. A British fleet
matched -against a hostile fleet of even-ap
proximately, the .same caliber would be
badly defeated, as. Great' Britain . is far
behind in: the . latest improvements in
ships, material, construction, armor and
guns."-- ' ¦-.;¦.-£ ¦. .:- ' r ¦ '. r - - .
A German naval expert criticizing the
British naval maneuvers in the Neu Nach
richten .says: . - . . •
".:'¦ BERLIN; Aug. 24.— WliHe the papers are
flooded '-'rwith !; details, of | the., Czar's,
proaching, visit to France, confirmation of !
the ,'antiouricement that j his Majesty will \\
¦also attend; the 'German naval maneuvers,^
which 'was made In Paris some days ago,.
was' forV: some reason known only, to .of- ¦
clal .minds and • kept back j from .'the Ger-
Lman^ public until yesterday. ; : . ; .,' i
-^,The /statement that the- Czar "will Msit.!
DantzlC'ItiNpriynte. and -that no : Minister,
will be present" is. wrong. Both Count yon;
.'Buiow.;ai*d •'• Count ' Lamsdorff - will \ decom-'
pany ': their i. imperial masters. \ ; Attempts .
therefore] to ; divest the meeting" of. a,po-!
litical character are vain; not that im-'
portant' political transactions will be con
cluded, but the mere fact that Emperor 1
.William will have an opportunity, of ex-.
: changing personally his views on .pending
questions' Is,' regarded as especially . im
portant: -• As a high -official eaid: ' •
. -"The Emperors will meet as good friends
from the conviction that it -is -.the -best"
thing- for, both r TO be good friends, though
attempts may ; be 'made here and there to
mar; that' friendship. 1 '."•;,,¦ '.i,; .' .. . ¦- , -
. .The meeting, will take place on board
•the ! German imperial "yacht'Hohenzollern.;
The Czar's visit will last over forty-eight'
.hours; ?;:>!V.£-:..- : -;-.-: , : :;-., .-..;.¦«-': .-,',;¦::¦::.¦ /¦•"--••"•:¦
'.i?At. the 'same time that the : Czar. will : be
reviewihgthe French-fleet and troops the
.German i imperial j maneuvers, ;¦ to ¦ -.' which :
Dord Jtaberts* the -British commander Jn'
.chief,. has been invited, will be. in- progress
.in^the'eouritry southward of- Dieschau; on
the -Vistula.' Xhe maneuvers are-of^ex
ceptiorial Interest . this ' year. .Special at
tention will., be paid ,to --the cyclist dlvi
sioris, pigeon-post and balloon company
attached to each corps, and to the experl
i ments with motor cars.
?,? Sovereigns.
! ;E,urQpe f All ** Astir. Over iPrd£
M^ing.f^ofi5Q|
Russi^s^ Ruler and the
Kaiseiv Will Discuss
¦Politics. •
CZAR TO TALK
WITH WILLIAM
CHICAGO, Aug. • Rev. ; Dr.
James Whitf ord >-, Bashf ord, president. of
the ¦ Ohio ,Wesleyan -University,' has been
Chosen r president - of > Northwestern 'Uni
versity, and will be offered the position to
morrow; when he arrives at Chicago from
Calif ornia. .. Intimate friends of Dr. Bash
ford say he will undoubtedly accept . the
off er. l&jHBGSBHBSSBBiiSBSftlfe'
"CJniversity Selects New; President;
WILL FIGHT nrjITNCTION';
Striking: Machinists {invnUnoispOb
¦ <i- ject to Federal. Judge's Order. _
; CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— The striking ' ma
chinists ,of the Allis^Chalmers ' plant, : who
are ' affected . by v the injunction issued : by
Judge Kohlsatt . cirderlngr \them. " desist
from" picketing ;. th» : plant, \are preparing
to fight- the order. At the*headqmartera
of their unions to-day the leaders • were
in . conference most -. of th© day. - and ' ar
rangements were made-far -the- employ
menfrof an attornav ;to take ; charge of
the ' case. • Arguments • will ibe . heard ¦ next
Wednesday on a motion to make perma
nent the temporary-injunction.- .--..*..
• The - pickets - continued on guard all . day
and to-night and ¦ no arrests were mai 1 e.
They were more cautious, however, ' iu
approaching the men and confined them
selves to a mild form of "moral suasion."
Although the injunction is sweeping ¦ in
.V.i SANTA .ROSA, Aug. 24.— The handsome
granite, drinking,.: fountain." '.presented: to
the city; of ; Santa ¦ Rosa, by .Jhe Women's
Christian" Temperance Union was ' formal- '
ly v. unveiled,-;- dedicated : and accepted • i on
behalf; of the municipality by Mayor J. S.
Sweet • to-night. '-- The ' fountain . is ¦ located
at the corner of Fourth and B streets; op
posite the First National Bank, 'and. it
was there -, that "the exercises • were held.
Rev. L. D. Rathbone < offered ¦. the . invoca
tion. The speaker : of * the evening, - Mrs.
Charlotte : Edholm of Oakland; , was Intro
duced ,by ; Mrs. A. J. president
of the local union, to whose energy^much
of the credit for the handsome monument 1
presented to • the city , to-night' is due. ~ -.- ¦ *
Santa* Eosa's Fountain Unveiled.
,-. HELENA,' Mont,, . Aug. 24.— Mt^.- Zlna
Toung, .' first « wife , of .-. ; th« -late Mormon
apostle, Bfigham. Young, passed through
Helena to-day en route to Salt Lake. City.
Mrs.; Young; Is in "a. dying condition from
a ¦ stroke of . paralysis and it is doubtful
if she will be able to reach SaltLake City
alive. She was stricken. yesterday at the,
home of her daughter near the Canadian
border 1 and her. last request before losing
consciousness was that she be taken to
her old home to die. She is nearly eighty
years of > age and -, ; for *.". more .than : fifty
years has been prominent In the Mormon'
church, .until recently. being the head of
the Mormon relief committee:.^S&IHHHI
, and- Is Hurrying to Salt
¦',;'; -.";. '•'•, Lake City. . ,
Aged Woman Suffers From Paralysis
FIRST WIFE QE YOVNQ, \ "
; ;-; MOIUION APOSTLE, pYINGr
The strike situation in Pittsburgh to
night was practically - without change.
The Amalgamated J lodges . of Wheeling,
Benwood, Bellalre, Etnaville and Martins
Ferry gave a monster outing at the. State
Fair Grounds at Wheeling this afternoon,
at which the principal attraction ¦was-'As
sistant Secretary Tighe of the-Amalga
mated Association. Tighe expressed.con
fidence that, the South Chicago men would
join the strike early next' week." He left
to-night for Chicago, where he is to ad
dress the South Chicago men Sunday. -r._
A new peace story coming from a high
labor authority, is to the effect that.tha
Civic Federation will .undertake -to bring
about a settlement of the strike, and John
Mitchell, national president of -the -Miners'
Union, will be .'- the /mouthpiece. - It- Is
known. that Mitchell has. declined to en
courage a sympathetic . strike of 'the
minera, but he -has offered every aid pos
sible to the Amalgamated - ¦- Association.
The ¦ gentleman I who tells -the story { says
President Mitchell will return to this city
within a day.^or bo, when active Bteps will
be taken. -Joseph Bishop, secretary of
. the Ohio State Arbitration Board, • arrived
here this" evening, and' his presence lends
color to the report. • • '
'About the headquarters of the Amalga
mated Association to-day, there 'was .the
usual Saturday ¦ quiet.*" The , callers were
few and the ofQcers were busy with mail
matter most of the day. Of the four men
who -discussed | matters pertaining to the
strike with President Shaffer, and .the
other members of the "advisory board . on
Friday "Ralph M. Easley, c the ' secretary
of the. National-. Civic -Federation, and
Secretary White of the Garment Workers
of America, are In Pittsburg. They re
mained over and say they will be in Pitts
burg for a few days. .They did. not call
at Amalgamated % headquarters during the
day and were apparently not looked i for.
It is said. by some that the two In-Pitts
burg are. waiting for further developments
In the strike, that are expected in a'few
days.'"- •'. ¦ '. ¦ •¦ ¦'-¦ ' -'¦ - '.
. The officials of the -organization ad
mitted on Friday that there was spine
thing under way that was of the utmost
Importance and that it would be; heard of
in a few days.- This, with the rumor that
President Mitchell and Professor Jenks
are in New York, Instead of ; in 'Chicago,
gives the strength necessary to cause be
lief that there is at - last some \ decided
move toward peace under way. J ' :v ' -;.-,
: In spite . of this . statement there . Is . a>
strong -undercurrent of belief that there
-is powerful influence at work to .bring- the
warring interests .together 1 with the idea!
of ending the. disastrous. warfare. that is'
unsettling the industrial prosperity of the
.country. . .-, '• ._.-. ,
PITTSBURG. Pa., Aug v 24.— Talk of
peace in the steel world continues in spite
of the denials that there is prospect of
any by the officials of the steel corpora
tion or .the officials of the Amalgamated
Association. President; Shaffer- mad,e j the
statement . that there was /nothing prob
able in this* line, so far as he knew.-. He
denied positively that the conference- with
the?four visitors on Friday had any sig
nificance" and "said that 'the situation "was
unchanged. He willingly, admitted b«
would' at : ' any time 'be glad^ to discuss
"peace ; with £ the proper "officials "or •< their
authorized representatives; but this wus
all. ;, ... , '. ¦:. ;>;
The difficulty arose because of an ar
rangement for the " holding of a select
party at the drill hall banquet. The Mayor
announced that while this was going on
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 24.— Members
of the Board of Aldermen are up in arms
against Mayor Townley and the general
reception committee j regarding the ar
rangements for the entertainment of the
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York.
The King's son Is due here on" October 1
at the completion of his trip across Can
ada. For several weeks the arrangements
for the reception have been going ahead
on the strength of a crant of $3000 from
the City Council. Now the Aldermen
charge that the Mayor and the committee
of citizens have given them the "cold
ehoulder."
Special Diepatch to The Call.
: Amalgamated t-: -Associa
tion President De
nies a Rumor.
Vancouver Aldermen In
sist Upon Meeting
Edward's Son.
rWaMMnn mi -?¦» Tii i wjhm~ rr1»t jfh— fBnTB
NO PEACE YET;
SftYS SHAFFER
INTEND TO EAT
WITH THE DUKE
"Acting Eminent Commander Moore' and
Grand . Commander McKee : greeted the
Denver Knights in, speeches to which re
sponse; was made by Past Grand Com
mander , A. ; B. ¦ -McGabbey. Among the
Denverites present were: William J. Fine,
grand captain general; J. E. Jones, grand
seniot warden; Thomas^.Nlcoll, past em
inent commander; A. E. \Harlow, Charle3
Bleivel,-C. H. Muhlimanand H. A. Bar
resen of Denver Commandery.
Golden- Gate - Commandery entertained
.the .Denver Sir Knights In the composite
car A'Eldia,", where ; refreshments wer<»
served at 7 o'clock. The special departed:
over the magnificent Burlington route.,-
During the evening a concert was given
in the • dining, car > under,.- the direction *t
the master of ceremonies, Colonel William
Edwards. A new feature of the entertain
ment was a quartet: of Southern darkies,
who gave plantation' melodies. Past Em
inent Commander' Robert McMillan gave
a harmonious: selection/*.:"' •' ' •¦ - *¦:-¦*
The ; ladies, of the' pilgrimage, Mrs. Mc-
Kenzle, Mrs.de Courcey,. Mrs. Lippman,
Mrs. Gage, Mrs.- de Lamare," Miss'Macau
ley, Miss Campbell,, Aliss O'Brien and
others, : contributed to the evening's en
tertainment.' ¦'¦:.; ¦'-. ;'.-;>
AKRON, . Colo., Aug. 24.— Speeding
through Colorado to-day -the Knights
Templar of Golden Gate Commandery
were treated to some of the finest scenery
and most cordial hospitality that could
cheer the. heart , of . the dusty- pilgrim.
Early this morning the heights near Lead
vllle were traversed at ah altitude of
10,840 feet. Then came Salida, with V
pleasant- -welcome by.j local Sir - Knights,
and at Colorado Springs, with Its mag
nificent scenery and refreshing -lawns,
upon which the drill corps spent an hour
in delightful drilling. • ¦¦-¦; •.
At the Royal Gorge the travelers
stopped and clambered over the rocks and
tried the echoes with the bugle. Soon they
sped through Pueblo and Colorado Springs
and other thriving towns to Denver, which
;waa reached at 5 o'clock. *Two hours were'
spent in Denver.' A number of Denver's
Sir Knights met the pilgrims and extended'
to them thre right hand of fellowship. Den-'
ver's -'commandery : had- already, departed
for Louisville by special train, but the
stay-at-homes did their best to make the
brief stay pleasant. ¦ ¦¦* ¦' ' ":--¦ -. •. • .
Received En Route.
Golden Gate Commandery Cordially
GREETED BY COLORADANS.
• The route of the parade is about three
and a half miles In length, much of the
distance being through the handsome
residence sections of the city, where shade
trees- touch branches above the thorough
fares. Moving east from -the starting
point, the. column will .pass up Main
street to Brook, receiving the officers and
members of the Grand Encampment -at
the- Gait -House: the line ? of march then
leads south on Brook to Market, west on
Market to Sixth; south on Sixth to Jeffer
son, east on Jefferson— through the court
of honor— to Fourth avenue; south on
Fourth avenue to Chestnut, east on Chest
nut to Floyd, south on Floyd to Broad
way, west on Broadway to Fourth avenue,
turning under the quadruple arch Into the
latter. thoroughfare: south on Fourth av
enue to Kentucky, east on Kentucky to
Third avenue, south on Third avenue to
Hill street, where the officers' and mem
bers of the Grand Encampment will take
positions on the official reviewing stand;
west on Hill to Fifth, through St. James
Court to Central Park, where the parade
rwllldisband." -rv-i -
will be grand marshal of the parade. He
estimates that there will be not less than
20,000 Templars and 2500 musicians in line.
The- start will be made promptly at 9:30
o'clock from the intersection of Seventh
and Main. streets. . ,• . • ' .
Continued from Page Thirteen.
GALA WEEK OF KNIGHTS TEMPLARS
Regarding the other French. claims, as
their amount has been admitted by Tur
key, the negotiations only turn on the
manner, of. payment It is believed this
will be arranged very quickly. ;- :.
The Call correspondent; learns .that' M.
,Constans' dispatch was very brief,. but it
leaves no doubt .that the Sultan has yield
ed, all that- was wan ted. in the matter of
the quays, by issuing an lrade recognizing
the full rights claimed-by the French com
pany to L > extend -its operations,"" by 'land,
and start : ferries, also ' removing the an
noying restrictions ¦ hitherto - imposed .", by
"the customs and police officials. .ThiSinot
'only ends .the dispute,, but ends* also all
question of the re-purchase of the com
pany's concession by the 'Porte at that
time. . •¦¦.¦'?-..r .¦- =w .¦ • ;.-/ : :¦ .-. . -y;..; : : :¦:'¦ .- .
' : The 'Foreign Office officials ; do not con
ceal' their delight at the settlement of the
Turkish" difH<;ulty. ; During»the last few
days : it was evident that . some anxiety
.was felt lest the. affair mar the festivities
on the occasion of the Czar's visit. '
A firmin'for the settlement' of the mat
ters'in question will, it is believed, be is
sued shortly." ' ' T ¦""¦" -" "*
- "In consequence of. the declaration made
to the JPorte by the French Embassador
that I he acted under instructions from the
Minister J of Foreign: Affairs "an • imperial
irade has been, issued declaring:, that no
obstacle, shall", bo'opposed to ..the free ex
ercise by' the quay company of ; the rights
resulting, from t»eir concession." "*
PARIS, Aug!.24.'--Turkey. has yielded'. to
French \ pressure ', as was; inevitable, and a
full rupture ;of -the relations' between the
two countries has been averted. * The offi
cial communique announcing the granting
of the French demands, issued this morn
ing,. says: '•. ,••. ~ >--••-- .;,¦-•. .,
Courteous;-
Shifty, • ':¦ Ottoman ' Is ' Npw
l) ., Quit©: Willing uto ¦ Be
Demands.
. <: - .... ¦•-.-¦•- .... .... .
Turkey's Ruler Quickly
4 Responds to French
WAR THREATS
SCARE ABDUL
Sl^^ Acne J. exter
The torrid heat of Summer is almost unbearable under the most favorable^conditions, :
even when the blood is healthy and the skin doing its allotted work properly,' and the sweat :
glands open and pouring out an adequate supply of perspiration to keep the boHy atan v evien-
temperature, but, unfortunately, there are many who must endure not only the suffbeating," I
debilitating heat, but in addition the unspeakable tortures of some burning and itching skin
disease. The acid poison in the blood that causes Eczema, Tetter and other diseases of this;
type seem warmed into life and renewed activity by the Summer's heat. - The action of these
acids upon the blood soon destroys all of its life-preserving. qualities, and it becomes 'Kardly.H
more than water. The skin, instead of receiving a supply of pure and cooling.lblqod^iS;;
blistered and burned by the fiery fluids that are carried to the surface, and the pores are soon j
so swollen and inflamed that perspiration is checked, and the ; whole body.. ; feels -like;
an overheated furnace. Night and c«ay, almost without intermission; -;.the' burning and
itching continues. No sleep or rest for the tired body. At last the nerves: grow /weak' and"
the constitution breaks down under the terrible strain. The almost distrac^d^sujfer£^S^ds'$
some solace in scratching, and temporary relief from bathing and the application of soothing !
lotions and salves, but the T . r : , ::r -. n ~ n '~T\: : ' :: ''^" : '^l^^
Tho doctors said I had JPustular ¦• - •, r .f' . ir -l ' : In July, "19C0,-I beean> takinsr-
Eczema, which \ras confined inostly to liquid., lire tliat Seems tO De: S. S. S. for a case of Eczema of 17 :
my face and hands. Crusts would fora "Kn^ni-nn- -u-ifliii-i o-nrl witliniif years standing, which had almost ;
and scale off, leaving the places in- Dliming Wltmn anQ WlinOUI, ¦- covered my/ body. .-. I ¦ took; in;^ all ..
flamed and raw. I -was tormented for P «A c1nwl\r on-n^nTnincr rTif» seven bottles, and no-wr there is not -j
five years and nsed many different MOWiy LOHbUmmg L11C a Bpot on me^, 1 quit the medicine -:
applications without relief. A short DOuy, IS not quenched DV in November, sinco 'vrhich* time" I : j
time after beginning S. S. S. I noticed It,' i. A' ; have never seen the; slight'eBt-Qvii i
a great improvement, and a few bottles tiiese temporary . remeulCSJ deneo-of. a return of the disease.. I j
cured me entirely. My skin is now as ' fV,^ Incf •nrr\-r\f*r+ie><z rniV<;t- rv» , cannot too : highly recoibmend your ;
clear and smooth as anybody's. tne 1OSC-. properties niUSt De medicine for Eczema.* ','.• I .ji
(Signed) e. e. KEpT, restored t6 the blood, and '^ikned), f.c. noefolk,^ j -.;
Urbana, O. , . - , P '. 1017 St., Ottumwa, la; i
only persistent and faithful " v -v ;-. : V'.i : -'> . ' : : -^:
constitutional treatment can do this. A trial of S. S. S. will soon convince. 5'ou of, it$ v ;
wonderful curative qualities and its virtue as a remedy for all skin affections, .no matter in
what form the disease appears, whether as sores, pimples,, watery blisters or 'the dry an<3 '
scaly kind. At this season, when the blood and skin' are endeavoring to throw off the
poison, is a much more favorable time to begin treatment and help nature to do the work.
S. S. S., being a purely vegetable remedy, is best suited, for -this purpose; it neutralizes, the
acids, purifies and cools the blood, and' leaves no vestige of .the poison to re-ferment and bring .
on a fresh outbreak of the disease. There is no Arsenic, Potash or other harmful ingredient
S^^sa^^. >g^^*fcw 'V* *•*• •'?*• s a sa f e arid pleasant purifier and tonic that
stiF^S^ ffJ*^^k com pl ete ly and permanently "eradicates all impurities from
C^»sZr^ C^^^^^ e s y stem / an<^ uiakes. a lasting cure of blood and skin
troubles. Skin diseases are not incurable, as- spme doctors .'•
iL^^^Jf If \ t ou are a sufferer from Eczema, Tetter, Acne ;
Psoriasis, Salt Rheum or -'other skin disease',' write to our
ph3^sicians about 3'our case and receive advice and special directions from them without : an 3:
cost to yon whatever, and our free book on blood and skin diseases will be. a valuable aid. tt'
you, also, while treating 3-ourself. . SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga>
Dragge&Down H
: f- v.% \ s Feeling
In the loins. "h ? V : : - : . ; - ,
¦";", Neryoushessi* unrefresbing sleep, despon*
dency.'" Vv'. .;"'.. vv' ','..v VX :-.-i:^.;:"-;<; ' :
v.It Is time you were" doing something.
:,The^. kidneys ,-were~. anciently called; the
reins-- In ¦ yotir . case'; they 'are boidirig the*
reins and driving ypu into serious trouble.
Woo&s^arscLpariUa
Acts with- the most direct; beneficial eflect
on the kidney8.';,It contains the best and
safest substances for correcting and toning
these organs. .
A BEAUTIFUL GIRL RESTORED I ¦
BY TAKING THE REMEDY. PE-RU-NA.
I MISS JOHANNA LEWIS, OF MINNEAPOLIS. MINN. |
. Miss Johanna Lewis, 1313 Bryant avenue, North. Minneapolis. Minn., writes:
"I know that,! enjoy perfect health to-day, all due to Peruna.; / suf-
fered with general debility caused from a cold. I had almost constant
dragging pains and backache until I became so unstrung and nervous that I
could not sleep nights and became a physical wreck.
' "Fortunately Peruna was brought to my notice and I decided to try it.
It was nothing short of 'a blessing to me. It cured the cold, allayed the
nervousness, renovated my entire system and brought health and youth
back to me. . .
"I have advised scores of my friends to try it, and those who have
used if speak of it in the highest terms." — Johanna Lewis.rr ~
. There Is No Remedy Just as Good as Peruna.
A great many catarrh remedies are ad- . "My wife was very much run down and
vertised. One can scarcely pick up a out of sorts every way. She had femala
medical Journal or a newspaper without weakness and was very weak, nervous,
seeing a dozen or more remedies recom- and had no appetite.' I tried her on every--
mended for catarrh. It Is no wonder that thing I could think of, but she would not
many people are confused and unable to touch a thing— could not eat strawberries,
decide which of these many catarrh rem- even. I saw Peruna in my father's stora
edies are.the best. .,. ¦."':" -r ;.-"":;• .. one day, and after reading the printed
Thus it is a multitude of men and vo- matter on the bottle decided to have my
men. are persuaded to try some catarrh wife try.it. Before she had taken ha'x ¦:
remedy which they think is just as . good of the bottle she commenced to eat and "*
as Peruna. We are receiving thousands now she is hungry all the time. -"We both
•of -letters all the time from people who agree that It beats any medicine. to. brin*
have made this misteRe. Not only do an appetite and put the nerves in good
they fall to receive any benefit, but shape that we have ever had anything
precious time is wasted, and sometimes to do with. ...... ' <«*H
.positive harm is done.. Peruna has many ."We had our family. doctor to give her. ¦•
imitators, but no real rivals. Thera Is medicine, but she did not Improve In the g
no other remedy for catarrh just as good- f Jeast.~. She has consumption in her ;fam— S
as Peruna. Let no friend or neighbor v lly and she was in such bad shap© OBd~v
persuade you to try anything else first, bo ¦ run down . that I began to get very :
Everything depends upon getting the right uneasy, but your medicine has made an
remedy. Nothing can be safely substi- entirely new woman, of her. I believe
tuted for Peruna. . . - - -. - she eats and feels better now than she
We 'would therefore caution' all people -has for years. I. had no idea it would do
against accepting these substitutes, in- half what it has done, and don't think
sist upon having Peruna. There is no there is another medicine made that will
other internal remedy, for catarrh that' beprin to compare with it." — W. E. Birch.,
will take the place of 'Peruna. Allow no The claims of Peruna to being the stand-
one to persuade you to the contrary. ard catarrh remedy of the world are based
W. E. Birch, fruit grower, Afton, Va., upon the following facts:
writes: It has the indorsement of: ' ' -
V'The country, is. so flooded with patent INNUMERABLE HOSPITALS: * - "
medicines of every kind, worthless and a A GREAT NUMBER OP PHTSICIAN3.
humbug, that I am glad for one to be OVER FIFTY UNITED STATES CON-
able to say I. have found one that is GRESSMEN AND SENATORS
everything and more than Is claimed TENS OF THOUSANDS OF" THE
for It. --• " ,-.'.. . MASSES AND CLASSES.
M cutting^ dru^ prices \
'&'¦ cut the price of everything drug stores sell matter Wr.
jR what it is— and we sell everything that is 6old in drug stores. §\
M During special sales vye cut our cut rates — these prices are good . fl •
jj until Saturday night, August 31st. Open night 1 and day. 'i \ -
tui BfcycIe Ph y' m S C«* »5c Alpha Fountain Syringe $1.35 |8l
|l . The ben cuds jro^n can bujr-and ¦ • • } No. j .be-* q Mrt 8. ReguUr \U
, I you ve always paid xjc price fi.6o-«ave 2jc Uj .
f{ English Toilet Soap a box 20c Tuscan Olive Oil 40c ll
1 I ZSSrb n r^a"°57^ie TbC Wo^d-re^rlce 50c J |
' \|J Cream of Lemon IS C Raymond's Cream 35c
Ml DeiVhVf n !f.?u, «, ' GennJnc cwumber-for tbe face. /
' I last w k ft> " -* ¦ Von BaTe IJC- * e t<d" price 50c ' t
tt\ t00 ' Come befor ?, s *tnrdajr Revnal's Toilet Water ¦ 75c ii if
\w, ( Hunter Rye Whiskey $1.00 The Urjedzejretular price" |i .. W\\
U«l-. A Baltimore whiskey of much ex-' " Shavintf Brushes !*»«• ill] I
\i\>. ceUenee, .eUing the world orer -»"*yin3 DrusnCS I3C fil -
VI >V ¦ at f i. 50 a quart bottle Any %$z brush in toe (tors Hill "¦
yVJt juaiuaiij regular price 15c Rerular zee rf/ff/ ' •"¦¦
J.riSSTXSlSf^-^Jl^Pe" ,^4^? iir Shne w|[ ft
/^L - ; The B. & P. Korrect Shape Shoe for-men is made in 100 mK
tl\: " styles 'of the best selected imported and domestic leath- &l\
II - ers. ALL SIZES AND ALL-WIDTHS. - « . -JSr\l
' 1 1 . ¦ -^^ Has gained universal pop- Jw fO^* X
V /2sS^ ularity, because women A
A -m A fOi^m^ recog lze in it ALL the >VW§SV<« / V/J
fljVVfn (I^Sk^ 1 " 163 of perfect foot - v^o^is^TipnvSTOCKTON. Aug. 24.— With a great
crash the steamer Mary Garratt
of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company ran her
bow squarely into the steamer
Dauntless of the Union Transportation
Company at 1:30 o'clock this morning, at
a point between Bradford's and Ken
tucky Slough, but nearer the former lo
cality, which is nine miles this side of
Jersey Landing. The Garratt immediate
ly backed away and water poured into
the Dauntless in an immense volume.
She began to list at once, and seeing
that she was sinking rapidly, the officer
in charge backed her up to a mud
bank, as the stream is fifty feet deep in
midriver 'at that point. The Garratt re
turned to the aid of the Dauntless, lines
were thrown cut and the lifesaving-work
began. There was no time to lose, for
the damaged vessel was filling rapidly,
but such good order prevailed that every
passenger was saved without a '. single
accident.
"There wasn't a foot wet." said Cap
tain Goodell. in narrating the incidents
of the collision. "The utmost coolness
prevailed on the part of the passengers.
pected that a suit will be brought against
the Navigation Company by the Union
Company.
The Dauntless is almost - entirely sub
merged, only the Texas deck being above
water.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and a Number of Pensions.
Issued.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The Postof
fice Department to-day issued the fol
lowing: Postofflce established— Oregon-
Bay View, Lincoln County, Daniel M.
Oakland, Postmaster.- Discontinued, Sep
tember 15-rCallfornia— Rodeo, Contra Cos
ta County, mall to Selby; Schmidt ville.
Contra Costa County, mall to Stege. Ore
gon— Vida, Lane County, mail to Lea
burgh.
Postmasters commissioned— California-
Henry F. Ross. Riverbank. Washington
—Alexander Mitchell, Dewalto. Appoint
ed — California— E. Pyle, Pylema, Kera
County, vice M. R. Pyle, removed.
The following pensions were granted:
California— Original— William H. Dunn.
Veterans' Home, Napa, $6: George W.
Penter. Latrobe, $6; Charles H. Burr.
San Francisco, 510: John Grady. San
Francisco. $10; Joseph Zanoli. Valley
Springs, $12: Morton S. Eddy, Escondido,
$S. Widows— Mary B. Youngman, Los
Angeles, $8; Martha Doble, San Diego,
$15.
Oregon-jOriginal— Joseph Huber» Ore
gon Soldiers' Home. Roseburg, $6.
Washington— Original— Peter H. Griggsi.
Lynden, $6. Increase — Mason H. Wood,
Orting, $12; Charles H. Wilson. Tacoma.
510: John F. Kletsch. Woodland. $12:
Peter S. Larock. Orchards, $6. Widows-
Martha J. Spence, Colfax. $S.
TVr. TM-nifi— ¦ to.Takfi Charp»«»
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 24.— The Pacific
Methodist College will begin its forty
first year on Monday, September 2, with
Dr. W. A. Finley in charge. Since the
resignation of President G. H. Wilkinson
in May the trustees have been negotiat
ing with several persons in the East and
elsewhere. The arrangements agreed en
fell through and Dr. Finley accepts the
position of president temporarily at tho
earnest solicitation of the trustees in or
der to prevent the doors of the institu
tion being closed.
WASHINGTON'S GOVERNOR
PARDONS "KID" WEST
Loaned to Canada as a
Witness.
Freedom for the Burglar Who Was
OLYMPIA, Wash., Aug. 24.— Governor
Rogers has pardoned "Kid" West, who is
serving a term in the penitentiary for
burglary.
"Kid'-' West while under sentence was
loaned by the authorities of Washington
to Canadian officials that they might use
him as a witness against George O'Brien,
who was accused of the murder of Linn
Relfe, Lineman Olsen and William Clay
son on the Yukon trail. There was no
precedent by which the authorities of this
State could legally turn their prisoner
over, to the- Canadians, but the problem
was discussed by prosecuting attorneys.
Judges and the Governor, with the final
outcome that they simply told the Cana
dian officials to take West and go to
Dawson with him.
West-testified that O'Brien had made a
proposition to him to rob people on the
Yukon trail. O'Brien was convicted and
should have been executed yesterday.
Whether the mandate of the law was car
ried out-is not known.
deck, and when the T. C. Walker came
along he took a. flying leap that landed
him in the middle of that vessel's cabin.
"Billy" is now making a temporary home
on the opposition boat.
- The Mary Garratt is a larger vessel than
the Dauntless and was laden with nearly
500 tons of grain. She is of 723 tons gross
burden, 172 feet long, 45 feet beam and 8
feet 3 inches deep. The Garratt dis
charged at Port Costa yesterday and went
back to Stockton last night.
I was not on watch at the time the col
lision occurred, and Sperry Dye had the
wheel. There were seventy-five passen
gers aboard. As soon as the Mary struck
us the ma^e, the purser and the stew
ard went the round of tho staterooms
and knocked at every door, tellinsr the
passengers to dress immediately and get
out on deck. We opened up the rack
containing the life preservers .on the
Texas deck and • the officers were sta
tioned there to put them on as soon as
the passengers came forward.
"The Garratt came head-on with full
steam and struck us about amidships on
the port side, her prow going in as far
as it could and making a hole* as large
enough to drive a horse and cart into.
The Garratt was only slightly damaged,
some of the planks being smashed, but
she was not stove in. Our boats were
jrot ready to lower immediately. We
backed up on the mud-flat, but the Gar
ratt in maneuvering around to save the
passengers, crot us «part way off and the
boat is now on the outer edge of the
flat. The freight loss will be consider
able."
Captain Goodell refused to discuss the
auestion of blame and Captain Horace
Strother of the v»arratt continued on to
San Francisco with h!s boat. It is ex-
The Dauntless was built in 1892 for the
Union Transportation Company. About
that time there was dissatisfaction on' the
San Joaquin with the California Naviga
tion Company and some of the farmers
and business men got together and built
the Captain Weber and the Dauntless.
Both vessels were of 613 tons gross bur
den, 174 feet 5 inches long, 36 feet 5 inches
beam and 8 feet deep. Captain G. H.
Goodell . has ' been commander of the
Dauntless since she went into commis
sion, and this is his first accident.
Among the crew cf the Dauntless was
"Old Billy." Everybody called him the
"boatswain." and there certainly never
was a sailorman who could load a band
of sheep aboard a river steamer as quick
ly as "Billy." Although on the ship's
articles as one of the crew, "Billy" Is a
sheep. He saved his life by his own pres
ence of mind. When all hands on the
Dauntless were looking after their own
affairs "Billy" was looking after his.
Wet and miserable he stood on the Texas
RIVER STEAMER DAUNTLESS AND THE MARY GARRETT, WHICH STRUCK AND SANK HER IN THE SAN
JOAQUIN RIVER. THE DAUNTLESS IS ALMOST ENTIRELY SUBMERGED, THE WATER REACHING UP
TO THE BASE OF THE PILOT-HOUSE. SHE CARRIES A LARGE CARGO.
7 ¦ ¦ -
"I don't believe the correct number of
lost will ever be known. There were a
number of stowaways aboard and with the
little-kr.own members of the crevr and sev
eral unknown passengers who paid their
fares I believe the number of the lost is
almost double that now given out as cor-'
rect."
Learning that they were being watched.
Gates and his child-wife left the train,
took a hack and were driven to South
Tacoma. where the Northern Pacific lim
ited train was held ten minutes for them.
Here Gates escaped arrest a second time.
The police in South Tacoma were asked
by telephone to arrest him. but the tele
phone wires were working badly and be
fore they could get instructions from' po
lice headquarters the train had 'departed.
Mrs. Boyle is greatly wrought up over
the affair and it is claimed that charges
of bigamy and perjury may follow that
of kidnaping. v
raft was overloaded and a number of per
sons went into the Jtvater before we could
get it righted. On the same raft with me
was Pilot Le. Blonde and Simpson. They
were saved.
As near as can be learned they went to
Chehalis about a week ago and were
married. They kept this fact secret and
only diligent watching made it plain as
late as Thursday that they were prepar
ing to leave together. The girl's mother
tried unsuccessfully to detain her after
she had reached the depot. A police-,
man was then sought and requested to
arrest Gates. This was impossible at the
moment, because the officer was called
upon to arrest another man who turned
out to be a horse thief.
Gates came out from Dawson in July
and has been having a gay time in Seat
tle and Tacoma since then. On reaching
Tacoma several weeks ago he found that
his niece, Lydia, and her parents had
moved to this city. He visited them fre-
Quently and soon showed much fondness
for the girl. Her mother, who is Gates'
own sister, sought to discourage any inti
macy between them, but "Swiftwater
Bill" doled out so many alluring tales
that the child was quickly won to his
way of thinking.
This Is the third time Gates has been
married | since he was lucky enough to
make a small fortune from his Klondike
claims. His first wife was Grace La
moore, a San Francisco girl who posed as
a variety actress in Dawson. She ob
tained a divorce from him In San Fran
cisco the following year, his second wife,
another of the Lamoore sisters, is report
ed to be dangerously ill in either New
York or Washington. Her child is being
cared for by her mother in Dawson and
Gates is said to pay something toward Its
support-.
TACOMA. Aug. 24.— "Swiftwater Bill"
Gates has capped the climax of his gay
career during the past four years by
eloping and marrying Lydia Boyle, his 14
year-old niece. The mother of the girl,
who Is Gates' sister, has sworn out a
warrant charging Gates with kidnaping.
The warrant has been telegraphed to San
Francisco and it is expected that the
couple will be arrested on their arrival
there. Gates is believed to have attracted
the girl away from her home by prom
ises of fine clothing and high living.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The funeral of/ Prince Sayn-WIttgen
stein took place on Monday. A large
number of society people, including many
officers of the Imperial Guards and func
tionaries of the court, assembled at the
Cathedral of the Holy Trinity. A metallic
casket containing the remains stood on
a catafalque and was covered with a
large number of wreaths, one of which
was frcm Empress Marie Feodorovna.
ST. FETERSBURG, Aug. 24.— It haa
just become known that Prince Alexan
der Sayn-Wittgensteln-Berlebargk, adju
tant of the Czar's Circassian bodyguard,
met his death in a pistol duel with Prince
Anatole Vladlmerovich Bariatiniky, an
aid-de-camp of his Majesty.
The encounter took place near Ievcr
skaya station,, in the suburbs of St.
Petersburg. Prince Alexander received a
bullet in the abdomen. He managed to
drag himself to the station, stopping the
flow of blood with his hands. He died
on reaching the station building. Prince
Bariatiniky has been dismissed from the
service. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hesser was disarmed by bystanders and
turned over to Officer Chandler, who
rushed In as soon as the shot was fired.
He waa taken to jail, where later he de
clared that he did not know a single thing
that had happened from the time he was
talking to the proprietor of the saloon
until he was landed in jail.
Pollerano was carried to a physician's
office, where he remained in a comatose
condition until near midnight, when he
passed away.
The bullet struck Pollerano in the side
of the head, about two inches above the
left eye, and while one portion of It cir
cled about the skull the second portion
penetrated the brain and was not located.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 24.— Rels Pollerano
was shot and killed to-night in the Tele
phone saloon by William G. Hesser,
There waa no provocation and the mur
derer claims he did not know what he
was doing. Hesser. has been living on a
ranch in the New River country, but has
been in San Diego on a spree for several
weeka. This evening he was sitting at
the rear end of the saloon when Pollerano
and two companions, both Mexicans,
came in to get a drink. They were at
the front of the saloon when Hesser sud
denly got up from his chair, drew his re
volver ** and fired. One witness asserts
that Hesser said something about seeing
what he could hit, while others assert
that not a word was uttered when the
shot was fired.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Captain Foote wss undoubtedly ur.de.r
the influence of liauor." said. he. "He
clung wc-aklv io the side cf the raft and
then on a sudden roll went down. The
SEATTLE, Aug. 24.— One of the arrivals
frcm the north today was &t. G. Greene,
a member of the Northwest Mounted Po
lice, who was a passenger on th? Inlander
and who saw Captain Foote sink. He
does not hesitate to blame the officers of
the vessel for the disaster.
The estimate of treasure on the Islander
ranges from S22S.000 to S2.0u0.000. while in
some quarters thf> steamer is said to have
had one of the largest consignments of
sold yet brought out. Possibly the exact
amount will never be known, as a num
ber of individual fortunes wore lost. Con
stable Joyce of the Mounted Police, who
has been stationed at Dawscn, says there
were four boxes of bank gold containing
350 pounds each, or u total of 1400 pounds.
Kstimatinj? it rougrhly at J203 per. pound,
this would bring the amount up to $2S0.
<W0. Then there were individual amounts,
such as that of Mr. ijart. some of which
had been ccrsigrr.eu vo the care cf the
Mr. Hart ss.Sd that his grip con
fiiined $33,009 and he un<iers:ood that one
of the unfortunates who was drowned
had an equal amount. Probably the
treasure of th? steamer amounted to
more than ?400.«>0.
Mrs. Minnie Ross, whose body has been
brought down, was from Los Angeles,
whither she and her husband, who had
kept a boarding house on Hunker, were
bound. When the accident occurred both
j-emained with the ship until she was
sinking. They stood together, Mr. Ross
says, on the stern of the vessel until the
water rose to their feet, and then they
stepped hand in hand off into the sea.
Both had on life preservers, and would
In all probability have been saved had it
not been for the explosion. They went
under water as the explosion occurred.
¦\Vhen Sir. Ross came to the surface he
called loudly for his wife, but he never
saw her again. He subsequently climbed
onto a piece of wreckage from which a
boat afterward rescued him. He is a. man
SS or 40 years ct age, and his wife was
fibout the same age. They had no chil
dren.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 24.— The ap
pearance of the bodies of the Islander
victims who have been brought to Vic
toria and the fact that they were picked
up shortly after the accident elves rise
to a new theory regarding the cause of
death In their cases. Even' one of the
bodies brought liere bears bruises about
the face and head, even the Infant vic
tims being thus marked. It is not un
likely that, when the explosion to which
each frequent reference has been made
occurred, parts o"f the house and super
structure struck the passengers, fatally
injuring or killing- them. A. C. Beach,
one of the survivors, tells of having been
struck by a piece of wreckage which
made an ugly gash in his throat, -while
•-hose w_o picked up Dr. Duncan say
_-.iat the blood was still flowing from his
-*Vmple when the body was recovered. A
local medical man says that this ex
plains the fact that the bodies floated,
as the lungs would be full of air instead
of water, which would be the case where
passengers were drowned. Those who
were drowned, he said, would not rise
to quickly to the surface.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Secretly at St. Peters
burg.
Fatal Encounter Takes Place
Warrant Is Issued for His
Arrest on a Charge of
Abduction.
Temporarily Bereft of His
Reason by the Effects
of a Spree.
Bruises Cover the Bodies of
Passengers Recovered
From the Sea.
Saloon Frequenter Fires
Fatal Shot in San
. Diego.
"Swiftwater Bill" Gomes
Forward in a New
- Marital Role.
Kills Islander Victims
as They Struggle in
• the Water.
.Officer of the Czar's
Bodyguard Killed
in a Duel.
PRNICES FIGHT
WITH PISTOLS
TAKES A LIFE
WITHOUT CAUSE
RUNS AWAY WITH
HIS YOUNG NIECE
EXPLOSION AIDS
IN DEATH'S WORK
THE SAN FEANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
Collision Occurs on San Joaquin River Between Bradford's and
Kentucky Slough, All of the Passengers. Being Rescued With
out Accident as a Result of the Splendid Order That Prevails
STEAMER DAUNTLESS IS STRUCK
AND SUNK BY THE MARY GARRATT
15
ADVERT ISE3CENTS. ', '•¦ -w v .';' \ ' _£ll^"
HOW TO BE SAFE I MRHEG J!L S m - SfGo.oojoflRD. • a mothers mercy. THE DAYS OF iERAGLIS
FPHtftEifl ASBBBRfiffBm tf% I P ff» B° ff» fftll RB ff* Would Give Up His Millions for fiet What You Ask For .end Don't Lack of Pfop6r. Care In -.Childhood ~ . M *.*¦ kifiaast n fl aob
KaSSi s l 3 i a^il^il5 Health, When 10 Cents -Let & Dealer J6\k You Irtto Ways the Foundation for Habit- . AUfi PlS^T
e3&££Vl VU9 &.-bI-BI13£B Would Bgy It. Buying Sdmethlng Else. ual Constipation, Caus- ' r&IBlB i«l# 1 9 *4-3 9 a
. ; "I »m not reelJy-to be envied." etld AnSrew T*ho SteYliog -HemeKly Co., maniifactuf-eni of .Ing L|felohg Suffering. . •' ______________
. Carnegie, the great -millionaire. In a reient- Cascarets Candy 'Cathartic; have JuAt -succeeded . • „• . ( . •
Summer euSering! to get Io » cool pltce. taJt» It eaar. bathe fre- interview at Sklbo * castle.- "How can my 1n locating and legally -crushing one of many Nothing so «weet and touching is a aot&or'a Buffalo, N. Y., Jun« H-(Sp«clal),-I write Washington, Kaa-, June l-(Spec:ai).-l fcaa
Wfctt cacset it? <n«nUy, bo aa to keep the temperature of tne wealth help me? I am 60 vearrf old and "I can- who , are securing the results of Cascarets" 1 care for her little- oneg.' > to tell' you how much Cascareta Candy Cathar- constipation of tho worst natu-e for years.
TfcU* for * mlEute! bcxJy 4ow, and so oh. But moat people are not not digest my food. I would give'jrpu all my .fame by. .making imitations and- subatl- 'What, a tender, watchrul eje her anxletr tie hare done for me in the past year, and you Medicine had no effect on Vrtomiii tadS
Is ti* nmsw every form of decay as4 fer- •© «ackya» to be choosers and they have to millions if you could . give • me youta * and tutes. Justice W.tng of the U. 8. 'Circuit k*«pa on the young- hopofuta! may send any or all of the people oi Western n .nX-.^ r ,^;,^Z^Zl^^,~ r
B'Jto*'"a is cit"T «Bfi « k'Jti m In work and bueUe for a iivelihood tn the sum- health." . " . court, northern district 6f Ohio, at Cleveland. ." I* the young -nearly all ailments .are airecUy New York to me' and use my^naine aa strongly »5°^ h^ to » u eh «. condlUonXroapttrEatiT««
»intir mer's hsat eaoe as any other time. Poor millionaire I "So wise and yet" so tolnd! haa -entered a comprehensive decraa of injunc- traceable to atomach and- bowel complaint*, . aa you wish, for I know that they hare aaved J^»t I could not tak» food. I was takea to a
„ ... . 8 °. *• Too can't follow the dictates of nature Youth he could not buy, but" a ,hale' and tlon against one Gov.ey, .tho persoif In. question/ Phyalc.and purges are the most" common and my We. I had an injury to my spine and the n°«Plt&l *Bd my bowel* wer» operated upea
J aiLk bscoaes too warn It aoura. curdles, and lounge In the woods or loll in the surf at hearty old age Is his td\ purchaeo, .and. It- will restraining him. from using the word'Casca- *° 08t dangeroua of ail me'dicinei. Nearly ail spinal cord waa hurt," and of coursewaa par* for constipation. X fcid not get aay' bettar after
Jims to cheese. It will Co it In a baby's atom- the seashore and give the hot and. tired wife not cost him his millions. , - rets.- the words Candy Cathartic, any' boi, con Uih' opiates 'or mercurial and other mineral alyzed from. the hips down. The doctors could going through that terrible operation. .Mr baw-
f.sh and bowels aa quickly as In a pan. *nd the colicky. pricTUy-neated babies a mm- n will cost him just 10 cents, and his plaint tablet, label or advertisement, like those .used Poisons, which permanently .affect the Under not more my bowela. saying that they would els were deafi— no action »? Vn-ITmi tZ, *Z
If rcu leave meat off the ice It "won't keep." mer T «atlon by the rippling rills, yoti ought "I cannot .digest my food" neod« never oroas by Cascarets of any way similar thereto. .The bones' ana tissues of the child. . never move again, and one, of the doctors-my tor»ttVim«un j3d ««t>lT^mli^r t£l
It become* tainted trd Infected with vermin. *° * & lad there ' 8 * *** t0 a " lst 0& t u re"d his llpa again. Sterling Remedy Company are .determined • to *h« °Aly proper laxative for a child Is a own cousln-tn army surgeon, said a syringe z5*\ *.^f "£ "L^ „?* *£ "***?* b ° 4
"JbY^^tsTni B m4 to thTsJUr JSLi £ * vold a11 tte dangers of summer suffering. Read this: defend these., their, rights, aa -denned .by \h* Wntle. .positive" vegetable liver Btlmuiant, -like could not be used on account of the large bone **• b 7* d Bad T*^' "te»«y *i«Tin* to
b "t~ 4^ B !. ,„!£ , bf * rel lB Keen Clean Insfde l have trled almoBt eTer r remedy for the honorable court. . \ "¦ Csicaret* Candy Cathartic. For the • babe in being broken and bad; and they also Vald death - Lo«t over 1D0 pouada and waa *«rthing
lt°JPtf:!. !!"*7 \ a V ?emalas eren a F Z T «7 . „ ! u cur * of dyspepola and Its attendant -troubles. $100.00 reward-will be promptly paid to an^ J-m. the mother eats a Cascaret. It makes. Her that I could not live six months. If that long, but a llTlng skeleton. After trying •T«ryihlng
. cacrt ttcaa undigested la your stomach and « s simple and easy. If you know how. hare paid a large amount In doctors' bills and one furnishing us evident which we c»-^*\ «: talldly -purgative and, benefit* the baby, Well, thanks to Ood and your cn&Jy cathartic^ elao I gave Cascareu a trial, sot thinking the?
bevels. Curing the summer heat. It. soura, ere- £ ee J> ejean inside! have., even taken a hospital treatment, but I secure conviction of »".>^ or deal»-_^f^'-:4' er ch"Udren_eat,» piece of » JJascaret like Cascareti. I sit here four years later in my would help me. But they did rlaht awaV I
ttca eases, poisons tho blood, which it alao 8-<>P the undigested food from souring In must confess that I have never had anything who attempts, to ,i>>^ r' 1 r_M»«££*VUr y. .The/ taste good, make the liver lively, "wheel -chair and write this to you. I can.walk commenced to eat and sia«n *n.Wro\W tslt ™
cverbtzu. tf, 1 * «to=iacn and bowel*! Remove regularly to. act upon me so *ell m your ideal laxative. «-^<»n Cascaret* '^C L^^< : -^' : -{ ent «« ur "tomach. purify the blood and for"-5 minutes -on crutches, and say that your , ™nM J£ ? . i t^ a^ on
You ht-e aoticcd wten a setUw c* <5ourh s!l , £our r / : " se tn 7eur body, sweeten the Candy Cathartic Caecareta: I am conv . hi. -*r ii^'^ff^B L^ !^0^!^-<:y: $£f ?g»l*te the' bowels perfectly: . Cascarets have saved my life and with old * «« °« of bed and then got s« I couM
-.nn- to«ri«»«» ( w. -i-^ ?i t Cr8te , 3 l " d kesp ? !a 8b , ftpa , t0 ?* 9 e . Very at n te the.one perfect remedy for, slo-^^V^. J^^iSSr^?/'i?v::i : i^ Oo-buy and try Cascarets to-day. It's what Mother Nature's -help, are curing me. I have K ° < out rW»a«-«omethla« I had not
¦';'f., , mc that .t s«* warm and makes nourishment out of your food and expel all gluggleh movements of the Intestines^^^V:^"-:^ oswJ one- 10c box a week-ior two and one-half over three years. Now I doairmy work. My
cr cas that stsII up the "sponge." unnecessary rubbish. . quent upon too close attention t6 r<*^^. : -|w. v .v.^^ or. yean. But my case is one in 100.000 to recover friends lust marvel; they say they never taw
.-ate -ermectatioa. and is all right when it Keep cool inside! theofflce or schoolroom, and I op -J&:::'-: :.'•>.•'.' v: ;V: i-.w'-.v.':":.-' •':'-:¦!-.'• ••:i'-'-.'-: -:V; :-'.v-'-V-. •'.:'•:•:•'•.'••:; ::t-:^rv«:;y^ifcl* fof price.' Send for booklet and free *t all; and I had the best of doctors, too all «»ch a miracle. I tail them Cascarets did It.
trie* p!*c* outilde of the body, because the »,, Yo . u **? t ,,, ep co ° 1 tMt " & * If you have a every brain-worker could test^^:-;;.-.'-I-..v..V;?;v.v-»;: saying the same thing— no hope. But we foolid and they all want them, t welshed CO pounda
nozicus gate* escape fcto the al- and letve boiling, souring mass of corruption this remarkable remedy.— Pi-_d^.-y : V.^V-^v*: : :ivv^ them, all this time.— George W. Herniman, 63' when I commenced taking Cabarets aca now
only .the sood foodituSs behind ready for bak- m * ia ? °' you - Principal Woodstock Hlgb^^/;/.--^^^;:;/; ~!,V;^^^^ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ • Boyd-st," Buffalo, Jjt t Y. " " ' I weigh 170.— Mrs. George -W. Sharp.
%; t! .?l' i 2!"*i' i r£ > ' iiU "'- ' «°«^ £U°S<i!SKu i. a. mo.*. « v a»i a».: JisjpWIft^;-'. • ¦ rox.&UL:'. - -, ¦ rtsTTT. „„; : — - — - .
ca^dtcic. mrred to=£r-e. '.my liver, ecld urine. The proper thing to .do. therefore. Is to/ keep a new perse Jffii-iJSSBS i&ft&ZF^E^+.iZSfe^ When the Brain TIbriia !« nu«*. Th« cmi,. r»,,» ( . u i. ,- .u m
ficrri.ee. dysentery, ccilc. oholers. morbue 5eur bowels strong, healthy, natural all sum- to be one- >»?&•.« Msg &.*$m*S&8Q$k^¦W^b^' J 'W^^^^ t!^^^V^<- K '-^t^^'^^^ v^W^^^^S^. wi,,» ,.»». *JI« m ~ J . U £, ! 8 Ov6 *" ' nO EntlXft Country !» Oil the WOVC,
,tutdice. ra*h. pickle.. prfcfcJy heat, and if nier; aid to do so you must use a medicine % e L^ J tj&FXS-&&Sm.:& : 2'*^Bffl&Wfo >J Jf J-'^S'-JsiH '^"VMpB 'vjifflt ''?M' wk 'irel^fiNiHl &!&S&?*&$ ! bL thl h^weli -^©ated YOU Can't Think.
you era i-ciicei to piles or chronic cocetipe- gotten up for that particular purpose. A Co -- r .ifT^ 1 --•-•-•¦• •-"flTTf •¦ : - :t: ">---- Fffm. 'Jnft (^Mrjg^JSSHfk^imfHlS^^^M&Jm'Bs^/SiSX^^^^^ t lrrerulai There's close sympathy betwean th« hr«( n «-
Ucn &I1 these tiicrc wlllbe Just that cuch "Pbyslc. pills, llQuldi, old-fashioned " rlppen s^ 9^-^v -l>^ : Om^i }:::i -' :: WSff^M &&SmPWtiKP WBB&&BW>'!mKbBbBW HM? feSEp* ''"¦ -V.v.'.X . vi ?bin and the stomach. y " to8 braIp Csscsrsts Csndy Cathartic DM IS asd R«M4
r £ rra - • would klil you. And yef you must keep, the ™J~ ''"';""":'': ' " KM ,""'"."''Tfr Tfji JQirV TOUT' m f^Tli^ r "^WlMttr_.-3mmr TBHrn j "'* ".'". 'TjL "" A hot « B0Ur stomach means a hot tired brain . Phenomenal Vlctorjr-Sii MHSloo
ttainer icat ioaz it— Just tije sine a? you ctsnnsl cletn. pure and open. • . %£¦•:: ¦•.'.- •;-; •:--:.-.V«.--"iBBSI iS--. : -:^v*:'-V-t-. :V.r->. ..::>:•:•::>. ....-: : '--.' •••'»>.. '¦.¦'¦¦¦'.¦•'•¦>.,. .¦.•'•.^r...-'--': : >^ .^'•^^^ ..¦::V/~ r '.<??-^ 1 . .r-V^'-.'-r-'Vr-.'.V.v^c— — — unless* relieved. B«mi SeU Lut V«tr
t*t tfcs aacfc-ta- spsags in the heat of \h» Thero Is only one preparation that will do It. v rS&.;j.V : J:^i«o"- : __M p^ Mental worry causes indigestion, snd sum. •»•«— *•*« ——"¦ ««~r.
C " T * t0 *°vr. and you -will find it In any drug store. 10c. JBo '^W>i:i-<: : ¦; :: .Y;Sl« : v>:v- •!:& mer -dyspepsia causes irritability, worries.' fears From every part of America cosies t&a news
E»*ryboCy knows that wmaer beat favors mentation, make the mouth, breath pure and "*£ L>*^> { - • ¦ : .«§1 "' #&:;&( " : ''jffix£h*^:^1^ f#><: V.UUSfc'KT r " , If thjrbpwata are consUpatid. and the liver " e * la tcU9X f Candy Cathartic. Um vonder-
the insect world— nifclsria' mosqaitocs bugs sweet and keep tho insider clean and cool. One r ?' nR ,V : - v -*' : -W»» -^^^' V; > •¦•*•• ;: -" ff:-V.:t:.v.:y.-. ;•••;•:;/ -ood l"y. the stomach becomes filled with sour * ul moieTa sclacti3c laxative and ¦ Intestinal
worms, maggots, Jlgsere. caterpillars, files, «' Ceceereta' moet wonderful qualities Is that ,.„„ *.i« ,\. :: "- : .-" Joak tH* '*"""' -¦¦¦¦'¦'-"¦"¦'¦"¦' -'¦'¦' : '•'¦•'¦'-•¦" f^/mj-'-'- - ¦ v ii f fmlft' *'•"•*' '""'"^ •"•-"• ¦''•-*•• *^ (f •.-"¦••-•;• -¦•:t..-.y 8te <i food, the blood Is full of. bile, the complexion tonic Cascareta -ars. figuratively and llter-
carrica-beetke; a!l «• llrely and fetrd at work mamma eats a Ub!et; baby gets the benefit" ?/.?///*,,' h\i''v.*!Bk ; :^ i^ft en i. ? e i 0w **/ e . e v al8h> . fuU of 8 P ot "» *** la -verybody'a mouth. Thousaada have
fettlag their llvclibooi out ef the eummer f*r- Nursing mothers make their milk mlldy purga- ™- Vtf-.'ilft •<W§m%fc' : :^^^ & th? 1th *' rlL^? ? 1 S.? l lv oCen v? 1 J' e ***£ W«* Cascareta with the most pl««an; aa<3
in their little lcsiCes. and forming the breeding' successfully u a preveutlve of yellow fever., Vnt .fl^ r^''-^ cool the bowels" makt i the 'llTsrllVeS •' owent ¦ KM? 0 -"^ 6 " 1 B ' Burt ' T0 X^-it.. Andorer.
•pot of <So«ns of vtrleues of fileeue germ,. AstaUo cholera and elsewhere of the plsgus.' ggj^irt/f^J^fflmgSfcC^^ '^ -t«t«is-of ta» sour stomach, purify^the blood, brace &?"££ r ,
fiiisJas co:ic. vorslUne. cholera icfantum. Should any one fiexlre to try th*m bSsre buy- ",iL?.«! '^^w.>- :: ia^i^WBSa~wSS^^^ "Vll'hJhinrhinWiHX M \yX\\\ iBV'I.W'- r^'- :: J^* dlnlt - pll<i *- I have spent and make aJl toings rtghtM they should beT* I am using Cascarets. and have naver fouad
.i summer eomplsist. ecarUt terer and aU the 1W. the wrl^ has arranged with the maaufac- | D V^||r /•!¦ .^i'^H«^iiHfe»w MT III^' 2_s__i^^SHfc_^ : '' : -i *J Lrjrl ?« aU Und » •« P»t» a * °<» buy and try Csscarets^to-dly! : It" what a°7thl=g so sati^actory.-Sirs. C. X*. Durraat.
etfcer B-;caer horrors of chlMho&4 llfs. Htlf- tureri to tend a free txmple and booklet to any J,af'J Pi ;: :-V^<WMi({w^^^m l ttl nit r^\Wl\^ ' M |^aaK :^^sV Bd P* relIef ' but aU to no they^do, not what we say they do, that will B7 Em.ersoa-st. Buffalo. N. T.
ircm children tre apt to hare werms tt tb'.t Pcrscn metUonlng this Brtlda -and addresslnr bss /¦%^<-'--\Yffl///M\W>M^^mi I fn^^SoLUL*^ V mafaf1tr^^ r ' : '"*W tl rTW'T iv *% * Weeka &g0 - when T *' lflft " you< AU d™** 1 * 48 . 1^. 25c. 60c, or I hare taken Caasarets sn4 cheerfully recom-
ZS5S*2? £% : «r^ tlcrlln ' Rtatl?C6 -' Cble ' g8W "" York f»- f /&^W§\ WwBll I^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^vi^^ il^ SSil t W£^&& ISS-VXa -wff Ma&ftE 7 M " is - U "' Q - J - °- d -
SS^^k^JZ^Jg^ti'LVSt Mundr . d . of S Mndt Are ; n MURDEROUS MICROBES. * - S-^-'i. m7 ***» sad _»> <**
, eoasclocs iafilviduU with whem K made iu " unar * a " OT pnoueantJ* Are |n- ways very cranky „ ' V •¦•-*-«• •--¦••»• ••- • f- .:.¦¦-.....-¦ .. ... ¦¦¦¦•; r-'i" •;•• lyV 1 '-'^ T-'iVnV* ».ki.* r nvilMbnVVO nlUilUDbai ell yO u recommend them to ba.— B. L. Irrla,
j, CIl;e VClV'Od. years, and also suti I con highly \.-.-. •:¦:¦?.;.¦ .v/:-.:^:-:^::::;:^^':^^^*^^"*-^*/.*-.'^*"'^^" t.«u,u*-he is the feapvifv . "V/wr »w. • corner Mead- and Railroad. Meadvllle. Pa.
Appendicitis; £££ ' ' S uat ! • " l Mg^S'ubSg'are'a bo -N! 1 - sitter? Bred~by Summer's Heat In Human ,Yo« can aafeiy.add appendicitis to tta lut
progress rfmEDiBBE^^^^^^^^ ¦. .aar!,tt«Brva&?aK-~
2S«. tt J 0 .?S?-^Sg e - TiSL^SA o»b. fib« u. ~cb^ „«,,-.-.«» *«"»»' 8oi.nc.crow. A»a«. Aim g7Sji-iiii*^f £.' Sf JS^S fS^wffi^" AMivrt^ 'i£&?&g£££?S SSZ fflST "" c^«« «« « «*¦ w b.» ™« »
the intesUnse. and there rtartins to "work." that anything effecting a- particular branch of Clylllza.tlon J»a /by ' unscnrpulous dealers, .whose inten- do. not what we^say toey n do that u jjUlions of Sicrobes. bacteria! ptomaSea. dls- of constlpaUon. and 1 never espectad anythias
lafitmisation seu In *ad the wholo abdomen it draws all the rest Into the dlfflculty. . •" .„„-._„_ :'. L\*,'- ,._ A . _ - j ' „ «o° «• » mislead the Juyer and 4nfri«ge on their- merit. Jher make the »*er livel^the J™^^,^ e ™ ery ' kla4 llTO ' andbSed and. would.-Ch*rl«a H. Nye. lock box 3CS.. Clacin-.
beccmc*. affected by the dlseaes, and In former It Is exactly the same way with the different . And » mon « . tbe - Ieldtn « remedies-one Ibat our trade-mark •an^mde^ame. . - bowels -wniu. ™* **Jtai fo? vrtel sSSI^oV & «»e stomach and bowele. k naU, Ohio.
yeirs the victim would <lie-*il ca account cf organs of the human bod r Work too hard, eat combines all the results of scientific study up »jn» ¦"•'^TOjJS "*£ :?2f -S mVSSa bookltt ' ud rfo™^ Smple. ASdress ItorUnJ *** *** propagation It is only ceceasary tor j %m 8 tf thankful for your Casca>ets.~ They
a Mitic grape ass£ that stuck in tire bowels too much, drlck -too much, exercise but little, to. the present time and la put up In conven- ; RaS& company;- ChEa»V MontreaJ, Can.; Jh« liver and intecUnes to become overheated are b8tt8 r thin any medicine I svef uad.-lln ,
tnstaed of being thrown out cf the system, be a little irregular In any. -way. and. the liver ,- n , __,, -_ n -_i7Ti -f^,_ T -.«— » . w • . tu rlng and offering lor Mie -any imitations, ne ™*^ F" 1 "*^"' • r* ¦ • ¦ • ' laey and*operat« • irregularly. , The . undigested m Rew Lacelle Iowa
Nowaa&ye the doctors cut open the Body, dig quit, work.- lent » nd economical . form, easy to Uke. easy counterfelU or Infringement* .of Cascarets or New York. . , ' . ' food the/ remains In the stomach ami bowels , T-«Tfc\t ? ft- .«-#«.? c «. » «
out the- sTE.De seed and straighten out the ' Then the bowels become constipated and the to carry-fis the famous Cascarets. Five years* N6-To-Bac. As .soon as some pne tries u> sea _»_.-,-— ¦¦«* in vtip ui#tni s« »nd roU, forming a perfect hotbed for the cul- I do no J nesita^e ta say taat cascareu -is
;.rj>Hr e; ** • plUo ' PTOet> - tt&z&tt323!'JLT& y -_- th ',r," "•>'%"• -V«css»iSr;rviTS5- breaTEST in the world. sya^-^ar&ss&.'spf. 1 *'
/ou may b< r sure. u d tee tr0U ble. . **• the sale reached, the enormous the Qetalls and confidentially write us on the . _ -— ¦ , -. • system. Skin erunUons. liver spoU. green com- Cascarets. are the btst cathartic I sr^r us*L
Wfcat Nsture Uges. . ?£, only way out cf It Is to go at the -source tbul of j .<>•.: subject, at once. '',-„. Within Flve ; YearS> OflSOaret* Ha V« flexion, fever, bad breath ;. belching, sick head- ,-rTom HoH. Wellwoofi. Manitoba.
We erst provision isature fias mad* to get rfkll thls-the liver. Sauare yourself with the * OVer Six Million BOXOS. _ / _ fi" C> !*. to *!! .™t* -L-^J 1 CC^* Reaohed the LargOOt •«!• £**£ I have trled-yonr Cescarets and I r-.nt to
rid ol the nasty..sottr mess In Ibe body cauted liver and all will get back to regular natural „ ;•; ™; 9l * .™"«»n. »oxe5. /I 'A .old i^ aWi Of any Utst or bowtl mediclns In the world * h 1^" 4 . otw ¦ 9rt0UB w**™,*** • ccm«7 jtell J0U are-Just splendId.-Joaa Wleg-
by scrnmer hett U to drlrs It out through the -work. . ¦ :-;«¦;.; In this- hustling evcry-day, busy l!fe of ours | f P f I ESZwa «n m.ul toxis with tt! JSmplj * becauM they curs. They; hav. great qU uSSl,n M lence has been at work to And a mink, box 961. Allegan. Mich.
por«u That's rrhy-a parson perspire, ao.nmc* -Cascarets Candy Cathartic, make thing, right people ne«d. just this kind of a medicine - to l> lltl* Jfc!Slle« • C S -KlivTi" 1 A4* ™«t. and w. consider the" sale; of over six m £* 6r 0 B f SKmtoJK-2«^e-«SaMlc' i We could flllth? whole paper wtt- expres-
' SflSSSS^SZ^X-ZS? &£%£' SS&'Sr&ftiZSSiifc *"»*%* thjlr bowel, and keep them regular. k£^^^ApJTe^iA t^:X^-^S^^J».tS?SSiJ& S cJSamc^Say J 1^?^^
renovefi after «, hot day smells sour, and all tone to. the *o^els.; strengthen the -intestinal Caacar.eU act on the liver Just enough to help cago or New York. to^toy, and ltTO* are not beneftted and, ta -weVer^ttW^tfnd Sfm MuUsmtte/^toD "cognlUons of the meriu of Caecarets have
6trctt It sour end offensive, ehowlng that It muscles, while they aro cleaning, and stirring nature .wlthdut causing ihat awftil slck r weak- " '~~~ ' ¦ STtry way satisfied sfter you have given them K}iT gtomach, oaks tbe liver lively the blood »««n >volunteered and prove that this aeiunt-
reniove* tcld filth fro- tho bo3r. -up the llv«r to renewed, activity. • , .enlng 'feeling. that usually follows the taking of UPlI TH FAR Ifl ftFMTQ a fair trUl you can have your money back for pure , the bowels regular. . everything as it ful laxaUve-so -pleasant of tasts, 80 n!ld aad
Totn tcaln. nature cuts io»-n your appetite. No matter how -loo£ a csso has. been Incurs- "° J"*' . °""* viQ,en£ sur'o. w. • h^rl J HEAL I tl rllll ill UENIOs the asking. There is ho waste. They , are put should be. . yet effective-has' seeurad a firmly asUbMthed
becanee when yon *st a. square meal paru «f bl*. Cascareu, are guaranteed to p.ut Ihlngs calomel ana .violent purges. We hope our . mp to ub ut form and every tablet Is stamped q© buy and try Caacareta to-day. It's what place -la • the heart* of the peopls. * ¦' .
tt sour before It can be digested, and -tbe mat light *3 they should b.o and 'set -the. whole readers who have never tested the. merits- of , a lively liver, pure blood, clean, skin, Dnght "O. C. C." They don't cost much— 10c, XSc they do. not what wo say they'll do, that Qo buv and try Cascareu yourselt to-day.
chine backs up until j'the sour stuff can be -got- machinery a-going. And you can <et them at CaecareU- will give them a v good 1 trial. We .«y<i, perfect health-CascareU Candy Cathar- and 60o a box, and a"60o box will furnish a proves their msrlt All druggists, l«o. 25c or A1 , >i_,«L, tll ' 1ft( . «e Eflc '"Booklet "and" sam-
i.tearidof. Nearly everybody, loses flesh- to *e iny tlrug.-stora orby.mall for -prlce-lOc, 25= «{!i!v!w i,.'",,L I- kIiToJI iJ r»fc.« .La T tic will obtain and secure .them tor you. Osn. whole month's tpaatmsnt for the worst • case. fiOc, or mallsd for price. S«nd for booklet and A " &gi T' ' T^'^l i^mSV Sa.™
f>«-nmer time, becauseitbe food Is-net dlgesUd -6rMc. Address SUrling Remedy Co.. Chlcsgo >*• them because we believe In them and be- utae UWeti stamped C. C? C. : Never sold io Caaearsto are the best and cheapest liver and; free sample. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Pla tn*. . Address Sterling Remedy Coapaay<
/properly. Of course, nature wanU -*rerybody or New-Tork. ' ; cause- We know jtbey are good . , - ¦¦¦'. / bulk. All druggists. 10c. ...» bowel regulator -la the world. '.. Chicago; Montreal. Can., or New York. .- Chicago or New York.
I ¦ • ... _ . _ _ _ ,| ' "' - . '.'¦*' "¦ ¦¦-•¦•<•-¦' - ¦ . . ¦•-¦i ' ¦¦ ... ¦ .¦ ' - ' •• ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ¦.....".-- •"''''_''• : I • - - - ' ¦* ¦ . ¦¦ . ' • - - • IL .
.. . ' ¦ - -¦¦ • . • _ _. - - - — -^ . ¦—.-.. ¦ ¦ ' - • ¦ - ¦ "- .... ". ~- -.-• ¦ ~~ . ¦ ¦ , •¦ ~. .'~ • . ¦> •¦..-,.-...¦-.«, . ~ ~~ • • -DISTINGUISHED CATHOLIC EDU
CATOR* WHO WILL. DELIVER
HISTORICAL LECTURES HERE.
Millionaire's Relative Is Killed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 24— Mrs. 8.
N. l*e, . 32 years old. a- sister-in-law of
Thomas Walsh, : the Colorado millionaire,
was killed in a runaway accident this
afternoon.. Her coachman dismounted
"ojnj-ne ¦ carriage to adjust the harness
and the horses took fright and ran away.
Mrs. Lee and her 7-year-old son leaped
from the carriage. She fell backward,
fracturing her skull, but the boy was
unhurt. . ¦' ' -.,-¦-
; Chemical : Company : Buys^ Plant.
.CHAIILOTTE,- N. C.] Aug. 24.-Accord
ing to a story, published here to-day: the
plant of- the Charlotte Oil and Fertilizer
Company.. has been bought ;t»r"the"com
pany/ representing -.the >Virginla"-Cafolina
Chemical Company, which has been;buy
ing , up plarfts-air over, the South. The
price » paid for the ' plant - here is' said to
have been. $425,000. The plant is one of the
largest in -the South, combining, oil ferti
wSlnl'SS&^* - batting :2Jl d.
THUSTEES OF HOME
/ FOR FEEBLE-MINDED
Governor Gage Announces Appoint
ments of Thomas P. Rooney and
' Herbert F. Dug^gan. -
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 24.— Governor
Gage this afternoon announced j the fol
lowing appointments of trustees of the
California Home for the Feeble Minded:
Thomas P. Rooney of San Francisco,
v ] ce £;„?*• Lo &ue; Herbert F. Duggan,
vice William M. Lawler. resigned. .
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— The closing session
of the. National Negro Business League
was held yesterday. A* telegram' from
President McKinley,' expressing the Pres
ident's interest .'in the organization, was
received' with cheers. ' The following offi
cers were elected: President, Booker T
Washington, .'Tuskegee, Ala.: recording
secretary, E. E. Hooper/.Washlngton, L>.
C; treasurer, Gilbert. C. Harris,. Brinton,
Pa.; and • an ; executive ': committee, of
which- C. Thomas Fortune of New York
isrehairman and -.T. . A. Brown of San
Francisco a member.. ¦
Negro" League Elects ."Officers.
July 24, 1879.— The schooner Albert' wrecked
In Unlmak Pass; JS hand* on board. Storm
still raglnjr. C. McCLOUD, Ship's Master.
"Judge Updyke was the only official in
that part of the country." said Mr. Barnes
to a Nome reporter, "and I handed the
bottle over to him to give to the Naviga
tion Bureau In Washington, as It would
give some clew to the currents there
abouts. The bottle might have been lyin*
for years on the sandspit or it might
have drifted there a short time before I
found It." ...
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 25.— News was
received to-night of the discovery of a
ship's medicine bottle at Bristol Bay
which tells of a tragedy of the northern
seas dating back twenty-one years.
Harry Barnes, a prospector ; who has ar
rived at Cape Nome on the schooner Bear
from a trip to the Kuskokwlm district,
was the finder of the message of death. He
picked up the bottle, which was tightly
corked, on the sandspit on Hagenmeister
Island, in the north part of Bristol Bay.
Believing that it might contain something
of value he opened It and found a single
sheet of paper, on which, in faded Ink and
apparently hastily written, were these
words:'
Snecial Dispatch to The Call.
Van Voorst Park, in theiheart "of "the
business district, was the scene "of - the
storm's fiercest work. Trees that were"
the "growth ' of many . decades were up-
Old Trees ArevTTprooted.
On the south side of Newark avenue
opposite the theater, the roofs of twelve
three-story buildings were ripped off
The storm struck St. Matthew's German
Lutheran Church, demolishing the' roof
and the steeple. .'-. ¦ • - ¦ _
Two blocks south of St. Mary's. Church
and nearly on a line with it on New York
avenue is the Bijou Theater. "The Man
Who Dared" ; company was rehearsing
for an opening at the theater. Two lions
that are used In the play, were in cages
on the stage when a sudden 1 rush of wind
made the building tremble. Warning
cries' caused the performers to leave the
stage not a moment too' soon. Bricks
came down from the high walls,' rulnlnK
the/stage and bending the lions' cage
The lions roared in terror. As the per
formers rushed out a shout was raised
in the street that the lions were loose
and -the crowd which had sought shelter
In the corridor fled panic-stricken The
lions did not escape, but, their cages were
hit and. the: beasts were cut by the
bricks. $^s^i*6feSr£ssiw«fc3-,. ' 7 ¦
Lion's Cage Damaged.
Rain fell intermittently all morning.
At 3:30 o'clock Jersey City began to ex
perience the worst storm in its history.
Blasts of wind carried widespread de
struction. Two windstorms seemingly met
in the neighborhood of Newark avenue
and Barrow street, and a cyclonic condi
tion resulted. Horses standing in , New
ark avenue and the wagons to which
they were hitched were blown over.
Telegraph poles and wires fell.' A mo
ment or two later the steeple of St.
Mary's Roman Catholic Church, the
largest in the city, fell backward upon
the church, striking the roof. Piles of
brick from the spire crashed through the
roof and down upon the pews. • ;
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— A violent " and
protracted rainstorm, accompanied • by
wind which in some sections approached
the proportions of a hurricane, . swept
over New York City, Westchester County
and the northeastern portio nof New Jer
sey this afternoon. The greatest damage
so far reported was at Jersey City, where
many buildings were wrecked, including
a church and a theater.
Great Damage Done by
Furious Wind in
; •; Jersey Gity.
Note in Bottle Tells of
Wreck Twenty-One
¦*.¦.¦'..* ';•'. Years Ago.' /
REVEALS SECRET
OP SEA TRAGEDY
STORM LEAVES
TRAIL OF RUIN
rooted or broken off as though they were
made of pipe clay. A piece of the roof
of the Union League Club, opposite the
middle of the park, was lifted, carried
over to the park and ' dropped on the
ground. I No one was killed or injured
so far as known. ¦
The storm in New York City was con
fined to a heavy downpour of rain, with
a violent, wind. * It -was heaviest in" the
Bronx, where ' the streets were flooded
Thecut through which the Harlem divi
sion of "the New York : Central Raliroad
runs; from Melroae to 'Williams Bridge
was flooded to a depth - of from two to
four feet. -At the Fprdham station there
was much sand on the railroad tracks
and trains were unable to get through.
•At the Hundred and Eighty-third-street
station the, platform . on the downtown
side of the railroad : was " lifted- and
washed out to the tracks." This, with the
water, blocked all the southbound trains
for a time. , ¦'¦¦ ¦,-¦" \ T -.\ . '.
"You brought us out here to give us a
soaking. What will you do with us If we
take the. cup?" ., : ¦¦', • " ¦-
, k Williami-Butler- Duncan;*; the- Constitu
tion's manager,. when- asked why he quit
said:/ ••¦•;;>• '^V; *"¦•>¦ v v7-;
r""We hove to when the weather got thick
and I supposed the' Cplumbia .had also
quit. I shall take -the'i Constitution east
to-night if the weather clears and there
,will be. no more races 1 until' <~ the trial
races." • ¦ •
On board, the Erin, as guests of the
Shamrock's owner, were Lieutenant Col
onel Burbank and' his daughters and sev
eral other officers. Captain Sycamore and
Navigator Hamilton ¦' also saw the race
from the Erin. The former laughingly
said to the newspaper man:
"The weather was bad for racing and I
think the Constitution did the right thing
in stopping when she. did. In that thick
weather there was no use taking chances
of an accident, either of collision or of
running aground. : • Our . yachts on both
sides of the water have had experiences
enough of that, kind." Sir. Thomas re
frained from saying anything regarding
the merits of either the Columbia or the
Constitution. ¦ - - ¦ • • ¦
NEW YORK, -Aug. 24.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton, when seen; by an Associated Press
representative after the race, said: ¦ -.
Sir Thomas Talks.
When the accident occurred she was
ahead of the Constitution in the weather
berth, and it is the general opinion that
she would have beaten the new boat had
she not been obliged to luff into the wind
for more than five minutes. However, the
performance of the Constitution on that
day was a grand one. The wind blew to
twenty-four knots at times, and she took
the heavy seas and hard puffs, even with
a club topsail aloft, in admirable style.
The first race, cn July 1, was won by the
Columbia in a ten-knot southwester. On
July 3 the Columbia became disabled three
miles from the start, when she. had a lead,
and the Constitution refused to take a
walkover. On July 6 and 8, in very light
airs, at no time blowing over six knots
and most of the time under four, the Con
stitution showed up in wonderful fprm
and gave the old boat two decisive beat
ings.
On the" 10th of July the Constitution
started, but soon withdrew on account of
the. thick fog. The Columbia and Inde
pendence went over the. course, however,
unable to finish within the time limit. On
July-H and '12 the Columbia won two vic
tories, one in a nine-knot southwester and
the other in .. a . fresh i northeaster. Then
came the races during the cruise of the
.New York Yacht Club in the light breezes
of the Sound. The Constitution took three
¦ to" the Columbia's' >6ne. ' On July 14 the
Columbia took the Astor cud on the
Newport course in handsome style, and
the Constitution went to Bristol to change
her rig. her managers not being satisfied
with her performances. They next came
together on August 10 in the hard race al
ready mentioned. On August 13 the Co
lumbia won on time allowance in a very
close finish in a light and fluky wind. They
.started -.August 14 in a light breeze on a
windward and leeward course. The wind
fell flat and after-.four hours of drifting
both withdrew, being then on even terms.
Then came the light air Larchmont races
in. the Sound .on. August 16 and 17, which
the Constitution took, one by a large mar
gin and the other by only fifty-eight sec
onds. The two boats came to Seawanhaka
course Thursday and -the decisive victory
of the Columbia is still fresh in the minds
of the yachtsmen. To-day's race, the last
of the long preliminary series, tells its own
story. . •• -. ¦ ...-•'
Beginning on July 21 the two candidates
for the honor. of defending the cup have
made nineteen starts. Out of these there
have been sixteen finished— an unusually
large number. The Constitution has won
eight and the Columbia eight. But these
figures, taken a.lone, do not quite repre
sent the respective merits of the two boats
as shown. by ..ne contests already sailed.
A brief review of the results shows that
the Constitution has showed superiority
in light breezes and smooth seas only. The
Columbia has never been beaten In any
thing like a strong and true wind. with one
exception, which was on August 10 off
Newport, when she suffered a mishap in a
hard hammer to windward in the strong
est breeze of the whole series. .
To-day's race marks the, finish of the
preliminary or tuning up series between
the Constitution and the Columbia. They
now come to the-trial races off Newport;
under the auspices of the -New York
Yacht Club. The boat winning two of the
three races, | provided there has been" a
fair test of speed in average cup condi
tions.-will undoubtedly ber selected by the
America's* cup committee to sail in the
international races against the Shamrock
II.
¦ -v Columbia First on Form. • <
After sailing once around the triangular
course of the Seawanhaka Club, with the
Columbia ' forty-seven seconds a winner,
having gained on every leg, both boats
ran Into a terrific rain, squall. They
groped about for some time In the down
pour and shifting breezes, hardly able to
see two lengths ahead. Atlast the weath
er cleared a bit. • The Columbia picked up
the mark and stood for it.;. The Constitu
tion, however, had already withdrawn,
and having sent down her big topsail was
headed for Oyster . Bay. The Columbia
kept on, finished the race and won the
CUp. ...'"..¦¦ ¦. . :.¦¦¦ ¦ '¦
OYSTER BAT. L. I., Aug. 24.— The Co
lumbia glided across tht- finish line at 4:08
o'clock this afternoon, for the eighth time
a winner over the Constitution. And the
most cordial salute- that' greeted the old
champion came from the steam yacht
Erin, having on board . Sir Thomas Lip
ton, .who had himself been beaten three
times by the 3ame boat. There was no
second, for the Constitution. had quit.
Lipton Vie-ws the | Contest,
) but Will Not Give His
, . Judgment.
Constitution Quits When
a Heavy Squall Is
. Encountered.
COLUMBIA WINS
PARTIAL RACE
SUPREME COURT
ENDS DISPUTE
NOTED CATHOLIC SCHOLAR
TO GIVE FIVE LECTURES
Wife of Retired Officer
Wins Important
Lawsuit. V
The Alumni of the University .of America
Preparing to Welcome Professor of His
tory, the Rev. Thomas J. Shahan, D. D.
Precedent Established for the
Payment of Police
Pensions.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that the Police Pension Fund Commis
sion must pay the $1000 death benefit to
direct heirs of deceased officers who hav»
served faithfully for more than ten
years, even though such members of the
department may have been retired from
active service. The test cajse was
brought by Annie Kavanagh, widow of
John Kavanagh, who served for twenty
years on the police force of this city.
The claim was brought under the police
pension fund act of 1SS9 as amended in
1891. which says, "Whenever any member
of the Police Department of such county,
city and county or town and county,
shall, after ten years' service, die from
natural causes, then his widow or chil
dren or if there be no widow or children,
then his mother or unmarried sisters
shall be entitled to $1000 from such fund."
The commission maintained that as Kav
anagh was on the retired list he was not
a member of the department.
It was shown- by the claimant that
Kavanagh had served faithfully and hail
been retired In accordance with legal re
quirements. The Supreme Court re
viewed the act creating the fund and
shewed that from Its language there
could be no doubt that a retired officer
still retained membership In the depart
ment, even though he might not be in
active service. . -i :¦" ¦ ¦ ¦
Until another amendment Is mad*
therefor, heirs of deceased retired offi
cers have eaual claims with heirs of
members of the department who die in
active service. -¦
Cuba's Tobacco Industry Safe.
HAVANA. Aug. 24.-Gustave Beck in
the course of a report to the Clgarmakers*
Union regarding the outlook of the cigar
and tobacco industry, expresses the opin
ion that there is no danger to be appre
hended from American competition, so far
as Cuban cigars are concerned. He takes
the ground that, even if Cuba sent all her
cigars to the United States— and she pro
duced 200,000.000 last year— this could not
seriously affect the American producers
and manufacturers, who last year sold
5 500 000,000 cigars in the United States.
Season tickets, which admit to the en
tire course, are $1 each. They may be
had at room 87, Flood building,, where
seatsmay also be reserved. -- ."
Thursday, September 19 — "Medfeval Ireland,
the Teacher and Civlllzer of Northern Europe."
Monday, September 23— "The Renaissance,
Christian and Paean."
Monday. September 16— "The Crusades: How
the Middle Ages Expanded."
Wednesday, September 11— "The Catholic
Church, the Mother of Our Modern Civiliza
tion."
Friday, September 13— "The Cathedral Build
ers of Europe."
LOS OLIVOS. Aug. 24.— Carlton Lane of
Goleta died suddenly of hemorrhage of
the lungs at Zaca Lake, twelve miles
north of here, yesterday. He was alone
In • camp when the other campers, heard
him feebly calling:. He died before medi
cal assistance could be obtained.
Importance In literary and education;^
circles, as Dr. Shahan is one of. the mosc
learned professors of the Catholic Uni
versity and the most scholarly historian
of the Catholic church In the United
States. The course ¦will be a popular
philosophy of the middle ages, the sub
jects being as follows:
Camper Expires Suddenly.
reception of their former professor. The
following priests were present:
Rev. Peter C. Yorke. Rev. Edward P. Demp
sey. Rev. John Cull. Rev. Charles A. Ramm,
Rev. Philip O'Ryan, Rev. J. B. Flannigan,
Rev. P. J. Keane, Rev. John Butler, Rev. P.
J. Quinn, Rev. J.- H. : Sullivan, Rev. Donald
McKinnon. Rev. John Smythe. Rev. Father
Heverin, Rev. J. J. Clifford of St. Vibiana'3
Cathedral, Los Angeles; Rev. H. E. O'Keefe.
C. S. P.; Rev. Peter J. Moran, C. S. P.; Rev.
T. J. McNlchol, C.S. P. . •
Rev. Father Yorke, the senior graduate,
presided. It was the unanimous wish
that a reception be tendered the reverend
lecturer and that he should be welcomed
to California by the university alumni.
A special committee has the matter in
hand and all arrangements will be made
.In a. few days. .
•The lecture course will- be" on events of
THE REV. THOMAS J. SHAHAN,
D.D., professor of history in the
Catholic University of America,
"Washington, • D. C, Is coming
here to deliver a course of his
torical lectures. A reception and banquet
will be tendered him by the alumni of the
university, who have taken a deep inter
est In his visit. ..- . . ¦ .
The first meetingof the alumni was held
last. week to make arrangements for the*.
THE SAN FRANC1SGQ CALL, SUNDAY, ADGUST 25, 1901.
16
JUST 6 DAYS REMAIN
. (MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY.)
In which to take advantage of Drs. Shores & Shores' notable offer {o the sick of FREE EXAMINATION AND
FREE DIAGNOSIS OF DISEASE. to all who apply during: the month of August, to demonstrate to the afflicted the
value of CORRECT DIAGNOblb id the cure of deafness, catarrh and all forms of nervous and complicated chronic
diseases. . . • ¦ . . -. ,
This expert examination is absolutely free to^all who apply before Saturday night at 8 o'clock, August ii at
which time this special offer will positively be WITHDRAWN and will not a*ain be renewed or extended
,,~ 'I * Comc to ' da >'' , come ' Mondav ' con ?e any day this week if you want to learn, FREE, what your ailment is, its
"CAUSE" and .whether, or not you can be CURED. Difficult and obscure cases especially invited.
'•¦j^^h, TEST DR. SHORES' SKILL AT DR. SHORES 1 EXPENSE.
JJ^^^^^^^sBST^W." Thls free e *P er * es»minaticn is plvsn by Dra. Shores for the special benefit of those who
Wf&==S3e^^&F ! 'W&. 2 r( * In DOUBT as t(1 their ailment really 1?. It will also allow the public to' t»st
-3&MKS^gg^flP r =£Sv$g|^ £ r . ee - Dr. ¦ Shores' skill as expert rhysiclans and specialists at Dr. Shores' expense Drs'
rfCQ^^SBI^^^ Shores court the fullest investigation. This expert examination is absolutely froe ' tr. aVr - •
Mr ~~*~~^- OR°/f v npf^Tr^m-r nZ?-V. W1LL XOT BE REQUIRED TO TAKE TREATMENT *
Hal »-r^ r . s A Shor ° s know there arf> thousand? nf ?ick pponle with Cafarrh or some OBSCURE
M\ • .' -$M£3BL NER\OLS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC DISEASE who blindly doctor year after y»ar
»i) -s, v^«»«iKSeS>. 1 ? * hl . s d °ctor or that, and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PATENT MEDI-
C£ ftBggSth '— vt^^^^^H^^^ CI^? S '«ATTo*^ have no corrpct or definite idea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT REALLY 13
¦ . Imu *>SS^ or the CALSE of their .sickness. It 1s to this class r.t sufferers that Drs. Shores' free ex-
ml 4JJP** 7Rt^^^Kw5HHIIi pert eia n>Inat«on will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT . ree e5k
\Vf E^^^^WTOtoSSI If you are a " D^u h tln«r Thomas" as to Drs. Shores' skill: if you are deaf- if von hav?
Hi gfc <S^\Tlwfflf Catarrh; if you suffer from any Chronic Disease and are in DOUBT as to' the" CXUSV
\« . M ? f yo{ i r niIl S.tI lt -^ Drs - Shores especially invite you to come. This free expert examination
\n ' ls made to DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS. SHORES ARE "IN FATr
\*\ /ml J*H. \^\w\ull«!f WHAT THEY ARE IX NAJIE, PAN FRANCISCO'S LEADINO SPECIALISTS * IV XHV
W/A J^SfflrtSSs ffllW TREATMENT OF DEAFNESS. CATARRH AND ALL FORM? OK NERVOUS Ixp
\4'jrfffflMwWNkW^WaL corr.plicaterl chronic diseases. DRS. SHORES' VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS EVCT-T
}MmMiMMWMmt V EK , P0IN 7, THE WAJ.. If vou apply this week Drs. Shores will tell you frV. what your
mm^*mmmMWSWr ailment is and if you can be cured. DO NOT DELAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK
KW<ffi'vWMwi'anB&Bw After you have had your case diagnosed, free, if you want to be cured. Drs Shores' price*
\&7 /f il YTWrMffBra 8nd terms are withln eas y reach of all. ?3 a month for all catarrhal chronic diseaa-s;
''HuuWSlTW^waSlft^ 'WmiMWW'' three years and have doctored a great deal with * Jj^^sS^^^^SlSJ^.
ACH and KIDNEY trouble. My stomach would SBB&m*^ «3RtHwnSSSHHR "
BLOAT UP after eating and PAIN ME sreat- 1tX&& *&*" "~~Sl?33?ffi1»
J. O. IRVING, iy. My food did not seem to do ma any good. vgWSf^T
4 Mile Hanch, Placervllle, Cal. and after I would eat a hearty meal I would \&$Mf W*fcbn\
r*> a iMr«r\. *t't\ r»r\t nvTr\t? i\i STILL BE HUNGRY. My condition grew jrad- \t»i3«>«!»k £&*& fiSsSSrl
GAINED 30 POUNDS IN ually wm until th« past year I hav- been /i§3'^V sSSStl
3MnVTH Q UNABLE TO WORK. I also grew very NER- ' l^S^^K?? tjtfSw\
lUUn 1 IU. VOUS and • MELANCHOLY, and was very VKl 4&&(&
J O. IRVING, THE WELL KNOWN WEAK AND RUN DOWJf In every day. Thl.i / vA7/[
RANCHER. SATS- ;-v •-.,--• was m y condition when I cama to Drs.. Shore* V\\ S^PUfV •J^lfl
ifnow a few day. over-thr.. nonth. ONLTJWO MONTHS AGO. I can ,ay lhat . ,/M W^^' WE
•ince I beican Dr». Shores & Shores" ;. treatment. Drs Shores hav« helped m» more in tho two // aUV\ Jjgrgn— « - \Mtf/ft ~~-
Three months ago I WAS SIMPLY A WRECK %? t *L n S^^^™S ,£ TH -^ DOCTORS. ,-^^^pVV ''^=> •> K#\
AND ALMOST WITHOUT HOPE. TO-DAY 0 ?^^^S^. N0T HURT ME A^^W\ fiSKS^ '• I L
t FEEL HEALTHY . AND ROBUST AND M0RB '™° MT FOOD. My kid- ,S /
FULL OF VIGOR. My sickness was CA- n«'« ana liv*r are much bf tter. and my n«n-ous ' — fc-^^lPiKS^S^I?*
TARRH. AFFECTING' MY HEAD. STOM- 8 >- stem «» »»»<> "«<=» Improved. I sleep good
ACH^LIVEK. BRONCHIAL TUBES AND «»". and feel better and stronger in every EK
KIDNEYS. I would hawk and ¦pit, and when w f™ ..._. ,_, „„ ' \>\ »^<GP^
fwould eat a llttle-I would have »uch pain s^SJ^JSJ^g™^?. 1^? 031 " N ' &*3
in my. stomach for an hour after that I could . MI ? ND i 5 "-^ 110^ 3 TREATMENT to all suf. c^i^f v £Kp jM2P>
not sit. lie down or work; I would have to walk - fc f« rs - for "j ey v hayo done WONDERS for me. \ Vtt\ rOTSS^
around until I would get easy. I also had head- . Aj J, y h °° e doubtln e tWs testimonial is at per- Wti?,^ -^ rtTW^T
aches, and "constant diarrhoea, lasting several' £ c ' " b .^ y . _»» "J^ ° n .»•• a °<J * «ladly, -*tr- Pp^
dayB at a time. • I tried to diet myself, but it did 'T^g^*? 11 " 1 °J f l h q e %^f± v - "^ -Xl Z7^
no good.' I had backache/ ringing in ears, af- ¦ I. s 1^^)- -MRS.-. MAT'E.- .WILSON. MRS MXT E WILSOV
iSd^^^^i'fi^^GST'Swlli'S" SPECIALTIES. Write if Yon LiveAway From the City.
COME.Tbe°cau^ anfl " Throat ETPEHT Et IMlWl^ 0^ thU F^ B
Sn^e^/t^a,^^ Tr,ub 1 e,. :E ye. andKar Diseases. Bronchia! g^^^^ggS|£S
sTw Drs. Shoresv advertisement and their won- and Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Female EXACTLY wh«t E u S ta t0 k , n -S.«
¦i^l?^£?^™u'*I^%£. a>Bm '- Complaints.. Diseases of -Women and Children. CArsVlnd AVHETI El OR^gT'YOU
fwered^y^tter^and 1 told rn^THEY^HA^ Nervous Diseases. Chorea ( o ; CAN. BE CURED. WRITE, if you cannot
CURED OTHERS. -AND THOUGHT THEY St> Vltu » »">oe).. Rickets. Spinal Trouble «*"•„**" v ShOr^L new 1«esUon list and
COULD CURB ME.' I sent, for 'their medN Ovarian Diseases, Sciatica and Rheumatism toe auest m V w^T X
cine, and the THIRD DAY after. I started to' Diseases- of the Bowels. Piles Fistula aS Shores for the FllK-F n vr^^tv'l^rJfv 1^ 3 -
SSSsMiigi: WSBM^^^ SSSSi^^a
BOTHER ME ANY MORE, and I-caS eat aU Tapeworm. Hay. Fever." Hysteria. Epilepsy, in- d avVif^JVr"^ and A Y UY you 8Uffer '
kinds of food ¦¦ and have no distress whatever *° mr «*> - all .Skin Diseases. . ¦ "5 e\»CTi y\ J Si'im» be n? md . w not>
My. appetite is good, and I HAVE BUILT-UP ' WE TREAT CATARRH AND ALT be CURED THIS PYPPn-'r y'im^- i *
WELL AND STRONG IN EVERY, WAY/ :. If" you apply any day this week you can con- MF\T Sn vnS U TAKE THE TREAT-
••"I WANT PEOPLE WHO ARE AFFLICT- BUlt D «- Shores free. . v . you can con w^liTP Tn niv .,
ED TO CALL ON ME OR -WRITeT^ND -j. • ; ' 4 ¦ , " RITE TO-DA\, « you can't call.
FOR I FEEL THAT DRS. SHORES^HAVE HOC CUADCC iD rUAHm
SS=SSsls Ul <>- SHORES & SHORES, specialists.
"'MAT' 1 " ver •* na Ti: tBvma ¦ ESSrfi^'HISTORY. BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST ** *&. «•» *
ADVEBTISEMENTS. " "- " ' / ' ¦ ''_;;'¦ '. _¦ /_';¦;•_•;
I Another Phenomenal Sale of |
| Silk Dress Skirts, Silk Waists and Petticoats I
*— An opportunity of the most extraordinary character. Never have we had a Kale fo worthy of your notice— Immense assort- r^j
mentf. thf grreateft values. We say unhesitatingly and with positive conviction that newjiere else can you duplicate or. even ap- .«
mm— preach tli»se reJuen at the pricP3 we riiieoify. EVERY GARMENT on sale to-mf'M-uw \v:hk. manufactured for. this Fall of the finest — <g
iT"" materials of the !>e.--t workmanship. They were closed out tt" our New York buyer at a tremendous sacrifice from a big manu- ~
facturer who needed reaiy casrh. It is another unmatchable offering and intereftin£ ty every woman who loves to dress well. . — «w
| $10.00 SiLK WAISTS TO-MORROW NOVELTY SILK DRESS- SKIRTS |
•^- /^rsK'- 0 * *^r Kl\ \\v\u c to °^ every new sample the ZS
»- Each - III i\\v\ • manufacturer had on hand — at our
/^^ *fs-y~t~^^ //I lis? price, of course. The very latest, fall =25
ZZ appreciate them better mfnT ill cutficunce; trimmed with .three--..
at^ ~A'/ifeyi/a^ivMM"W when you examine . / J Ug full ruche ruffles and three rows of rSm
fm/WffiwMwm ">em. Made of th« high- If J JL^f 1 -black lace insertion; graduated ef- ZS
£ (U/Mfii ! I fe^^nisned^fh'rSm: iMfll fects::. made of an elegant-wearing:
•^ IhhW 'mffffm S / I SI stitched and tucked . UT1\ \jt i ' ¦ - Taffeta, with founda-
•^ \WmWMKM/\l\l yoke / ttesC hv. P 5 e^ tl ! y /m/ ift^V : tion drop underskirt; .'3
S= VW \M, k/s W ' trimmed with dainty HrV&m(\ \\\V nerfect fitting car-
*T^ V^ma/yJr fnlll buttons, absolutely. per- flit I I 1 \\\\V • ' peneti ", in 7 1 r,. , ¦' -"^2
•^ feet in fit: in colors of fokl / I I I l«^^v ments. Worth fully
ZZ /W /d^f white, Light Blue, Rose jfMfsL JJrtkSsXzSzSL^ ' one-third more: here 12
g \jQff %B^ te $B.$B'JX i
£ //^\ 3^° 1 "* S^W)fmmrr^^ COO tfl 12
£ WM^ X $w :^^?^7's^m* OZZiuU 2
% ANOTHER SALE © $3 PETTICOATS SPECIAL SALE 2
B FRENCH FLANNELS AT ?}M\ uni> <£l fiE ALL-WOOL HENRIETTA 3
E 39c YARD. tff|^ rilK C|)l.y3. MONDAY 3
g Regularivalue 6Cc. I|. '^JJS^SS^SZ ' 44c YARD. 3
S= F^nnels^erftremradou^ th^l- i]i bUt WC b ° Ught tl>em mUCl1 b ' ! ° W No need to tell you thak this Is 2
2^ o e r^re|?lata^d highly ap P ?e- lW '\h regular value. Made of -fine Hlack ¦ rn * e of the favored Cloths Ais Fall.
SET elated by hosts of customers. We II I U fl\ an<1 hlte Mercerized Italian Cloth ,A new lot on sale for to-morrow — •«
•— offer fcr to-morrow another lot. In ,ft/f llA • : In stripes and check?, with accor- only at this special price; warranted _^ t
J£: shades of Cardinal; Garnet. Rose. j^jjj i/ik ' deon" Pleated flounce, finished with , *» .!»>. 68^ 6 ' ' rLrSinl?
$llJ? U Zr^ V^l%£iin m £i MWWk tW ° fUl1 rUffl6S: eXUa le!iet " and Ora?^^an R NMlt' N erku C e"ffit =-
SI Lavender? the • 6^Xlity fo?M^n- width; fully worth S3 CO «ch: o 3 31". Pink and ' Cream. A great .
S^Z fl a y 39c Vard ~«ul- , special sale »f>l.S>r» Each Monday bargain at 44c a Yard -^»
1 IMPORTANT BLACK TAFFETA OFFERING FOR MONDAY. |
Last Mondav was one of the busiest Silk days we had this season— the preat values made it so. Again, for. to-morrow? "^2
*g- we announce a sale of HIGH GRADE BL.ACK TAFFETA, much below regular prlcfs that we secured from a manufacturer, .^m
•"" whose silks are noted for their beauty and durability. The entire purchase will be ready for you to-morrow morning, to be on rt5
S"~ sale for Monday only, as follows: ." . , ... ....
B 54c Yard,^ d yds - 79c Yard, gS^SSa: 11 "^ g^cYard,^^ ' 2 f r557 E J ard - ™»£%*'™-
E Worth 75c. hs? Worth $1.00, «»*„£• Worth $1.25. K. Worth $1.50. --• cn^ ss% 3
Taffeta well worth T5c the money. If it falls to giva satisfae- Taffeta, fully :7 inches or skirts; will give elegant _ wpar; the
oOo vard" on eale to-mor- tion, The $1 quality to-morrow T9c Td wide: also guaranteed; $1 o9 quality; to-morrow $1.U7 Yara _^
mL_ fow. 1 54c Tard Ereat value. .'J2e Tard
I MORE EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN NEW DRESS GOODS. 1
Another opportunity to buy the choicest Dress Goods at a bis savinc. We want to double our sales of last week, to accom- «^g
•lil r'llsh that, have prepared, a's we ne\,er did before. There will be no disappointments we. promise you. ' — m
E B!ackCh8»iot88cYd.f t / r 0 ? d^a a c : k Satin Prunella ' ?*\ %$«£?$?. Broadclotf [and Venetian JS^M'g
E Regular Value $1.25. g^ 5g SI.OO Yd. »• P SS "SitiSSJ 98c Yd. Reg. val. $1.35. s«f-«ft b --
g- «. x tra heavy already sponged and shrunk, this fall in shades of new blue, cadet, cloths, at money-savins prices. Fully 50 inches r^
•ZZ the best value ever put on sale- worth tan, castor, gray, reseda, brown. 'far- wide, warranted pure wool;' an exceptional -^
mm- llZh . to-morrow SSe yard dlnal. rose and black; grand value quality of a fast black dye; impossible to
•T ' $1.OO yard duplicate elsewhere under $135 a yard; here
at.... OSc yard
% ,£U WHITE WHISTS A SALE Or ¦ g AAnn ; 'TrsS
W 1 % ' R,r\irRiFi CE BUCK VELVET M>' •UU DLL I 3 3
•= BIG SACRIrlGE. RIRRIX'S z^
mm- of' JH - RIUUJI1J1 m^ Bl~" M —^
5H j\. 4P . am JC The great- M\ _ H~ |_ -^1
iZZ y<*S£>r£&> \<* •« en Whu * U rcu have velvet ribbons, to H~ ¦ il
•H m>%^CV/*^Sv the " t 'r' > .. season: , wei ' 8 on "alt 50 boxes of the best „. ' ' — •
la V%/9vSV\^\ * 6 and *'-'" 0; cn Bale for quality all-silk, satin back. « secured another lot of ~m
**~ V» Y7 /rRwA n to-morrow only; hand- p or Monday only: those fine iooklns belts lhat n p , . ZZZ
o^ Y^fJ^^tnP--^ «m?!y trimmed with ' -we hud on srIc last Mon- (SsSOSSL K'ffTTrT'^ -^
m^~ \X&&2r*rihtf rows cf tuckins- and No. 1.. 4c yd: Jt5e piece day. made of fine tucked A^jggggr ft~n£djM "^
JTT herr.ftitchlng. lace and No. 2.. 8 l-3c yd: Too piece Satin: the latest girdle ef- _^J
•- y^V*ii>-^ embroidery, with soft >-„ % ii>p ..*¦ o-, 0 tl | f( .p feet; beautifully shared, -***
/ cellars and cuffs; the '^. \"l!l {' «, «- n i,Z wlth Prettiest buckles In J d&B&' 12
r / A swelUst waist we N > 4 "J1* yd; Z\» P oxidized gilt, silver and N^?J3^^^
m*~ I I carry; for to-morrow \ *•"«>• B--12 l-2c yd: 91.UO piece black; regular $1.00 lelt: ,^«SF»fiK "**
*^ - I ...... Stli.-m each No. ?..16c yd; 5^1.3(1 piece Monday 5Oc each -^J
£ 1200 YARDS SGOTCH ZEPHYR SPECIAL^SALE NEW LACES BIG SALE OF WHITE^ BLANKETS il
GINGHAMS. v |6ic YARD. I : • $3.95 A PAIR. 3
Sf SSSSSrA 'SJ v% C r7i^f. Worth25c. Worth $5.5O. -
«w~- season, to secure the -.^ K0NDAT ,AtJ**<Lu uy^Juu. 60 pieces Black Silk Galoons, The grandest blanket values In US
•^ hamsTTalf-prV^f'nonesold'after VAe y&r^ ty ot neW and prPtty th " cUy ar " now offerP(1 at thl "
•»— Monday. In handsome styles. fJ£jv^T^jpl^*jfr ' r *f& patterns. just received from stor*-. Kxtia large size White Cal- r^
rtr , 1 p e * of 'y ;ni ;; lic ! !l . b , lue - Pray. Q^CT^^^^Kjfi^^Q Xew York for an introductory ifcrnla BKnkets. a Kranri-looklne — S
d fa ? a i n coloiTr C e^,ar J :ic »^' <»°^ 1<J ""^ a P >^' Abound; on 2
5T^ hamE; to-morrcw .....llle yard «^>h* , FT 'v, yard; regular value 25c a yard, sale to-morrow at.. ..$3.05 a pair -""•
Sir ¦* * COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. j. .+ 13
1^1 Fine quar- I
f$*B^*£g^ tered Oak ' I
H'?'r UIJIIIUlllClj g
''-*' * '' f-ial rf^*J-S Will If I IWllWll 0
I j^0S$A and hat box, 8
\\ t -^ only *$Di i o i
& Get an estimate from us on every- D
B thing required to furnish your entire I
B ettablithment Credit and free dt- B
Bj Jivery trlthln 100 miles. Rj
|3 We close at 6 except on Saturdays I
5 and rtays before holidays. On those M
9 days at 10 o'clock. g
1 1. BriSliantI
1 FURNITURE CO., I
8 ; C38-342 POST STREET, I
fa Opposite Union Square. ra
DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
JfaOSEUH OF ANATOMY^
A icaxAsinE7.tat.6AftM.6.r.ciLi
\ XqT Tl »e L«rce« Anatomial Museum in the \
(J r*GT>!K ¦ orld> w e»kte«se» or any contracted A
O BeUiSil ''P"" 1 "" 0011 " Coast. E»t^V«rs. ©
6 &£%£* DR. dGMAN-DiSEASES CF MEN ()
i J MiV^B .ConxulUUoc free »nd strictly privite. \
V J A/V Q T"»t«nem • personally or by letter. AM
\ B ,7 M VI Pontivt Cure in erery case nodertaken. T
O F II 'It? w rit' fir Ilwk. PniLOSOPBY of 4
v (J 15 »*»1«*CE. MAILED FREE. ( A. Y
A « II- «'»>Wt bock lor HK-a) \
V Itlt. JunD AN <t CO., 1051 Mnrkf t Bt.S. F. Y
n Piiis".''
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
ptr;«-ct digestion, complete absorption -and
iiraithiul regularity. -
Vur the cure of all dlsonVrs of the Stomach,
L.ivi-r. Bowei-,. ICidneye, Bladder. Female Ir-
i*T«Jiritle*, Sick lUadHcbf, Blliousnese. Con-
rtii'a'ion, Plhs. and all derangements of the
JnUrnal Viecera. Kc a box. At Druggists, or
%y mail. ltADWAT & CO., New York.William H. Crocker has loaned $125 ooo
to General Thomas J. Clunle for the im
provement of the southeast corner of
Thomas J. Welch has designed the first
municipal building to be erected for this
city under the direction of the Board of
Public Works. This will be for the fire
department, and win be situated on How
ard street, between Third and New Mont
gomery streets. It will be three stories
high, with concrete basement. The en
gine and truck house will abut on Hunt
street. The building will cost $26,000
The Columbus Loan and Savings So
ciety has increased its capital stock from
tS2,C00 to J2.Xi.000. The purpose of this is
to enlarge its latitude for the placing of
loans. Realty, State, national and mu
nicipal bonds were the only securities that
could be accepted by a savings bank that
had a capital stock of less than $100,000,
under the State law as amended by the
California Legislature at its last session
Formerly the limit of capital stock that
enabled a savings bank to invest in other
securities was $300,000. Real estate de
mands only a Bmall part of the money
that the banks have been rapidly accum
ulating during the last few years In Cal
ifornia.
S. E. Tooker, the mining operator, has
just completed and moved into his .two
story residence on Xinth avenue, near L
street. A contract has been let by H.
relit, on Ninth avenue between K and
I- streets for a modern two-story resi
dence. Claus Brandt has purchased a
grood-sized lot on L street, between Kinth
and Tenth avenues, and will build a home
there. The people of the Sunset district
are anxiously awaiting the beginning of
the sev.-er outlet work for which the
Board of Supervisors have appropriated
$4 r t,0C0.
A petition is being circulated and signed
by ail the residents of the Sunset dis
trict asking the Market Street Railroad
Company for an extension of the electric
car line now running to the Affliated Col
leges on J street to Ninth avenue, thence
sonth on said avenue to JC street. It would
be a feeder to the main line and a great
benefit to the hundreds of people in the
district. The improvements made and
residences built in the last year warrant
it.
Emma Buckley to ~v". Ames. 20xSO feet, on
the northwest line of Market street. 220:8 feet
southwest from Montgomery, for {50,000; Pa
cific Steam Whaling- Company to the Packing
and Navigation Company, northeast corner of
Santa Clara and Illinois streets, lS2:2y._36:6x
27S:S_20CxKO. for $102,500; Kate M. Fitzgerald
to Leopold Auerbach and Xat M. Raphael, 42x
30 feet, on the west line of Grant avenue. 40
feet north from Sutter t reet. for $25,000; Rob
ert McMillan to Henr> ilullen, 50-137:6 feet,
en the south line of F -ton street, 121:1OV4 feet
east from Baker, for $19, COO; Dorothea and John
Koppltz to Frederick C. Siebe, 6S:9xl20 feet, on
the t>outh line of Golden Gate avenue, 206:6 feet
¦west from Larkln street, for {20,000; Matthew
Crooks estate to the Sharon Estate Company,
40_6S, on the northwest line of Jessie street, 57:6
feet southwest from Second, for $17,000.
-heading: Sales Recorded.
Among the larger sales of realty that
were placed on record during the week
are the following; .;...;
F. B. Surrybne reports the sale of a
house and lot at 926 Dolores street, be
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
65x117:6 feet, for $7500; lot on the south
line of Green street, 112:6 feet west from
Hyde street, -5x137:6 feet, $1500; lot on the
south line of Hayes etreet, 165 feet west
from Webster, 24:10x137:6 feet, $2750; lot
on the west line of Pond street, 91 feet
north from Seventeenth, 25x80 feet, $1000.
A. E. Buckingham has sold a lot 25x120
feet and improvements consisting of a
seven-room house on Eleventh avenue, be
tween H and I street, for $3250. Inquiries
for houses In that locality are reported
by Mr. Buckingham to be numerous. The
neighborhood will be benefited by the
grading and macadamizing of Thirteenth,
Fourteenth and Sixteenth avenues, which
has been ordered by the Board of Super
visors.
Four-room cottar e enfl lot, 26x100, en eouth
line of I street, near Eleventh avenue, to Cath
erine Ryan, for $1250; lot 23x100. and improve
ments, on east line of Kinth avenue, near -I
street, to Sophie Loser, for $1200; 25x120, on west
line of Eighth avenue, 200 feet south of H
ctreet, for $9C0; 50x100, on north line of L street,
67:6 feet west of ICinth avenue, for $1300; 25x
120, on west line of Seventh avenue, 100 feet
north of K street, for $300; 25x100. on south
line of J street, 67:6 feet east of Twenty-first
avenue, for 1350; 100xl_5, on south line of Mon
tana street, 125 feet west of Plymouth avenue,
lor $400; 25x120, with one-story cottage, east
line cf Twelfth -venue, near J street, to Emma
O'Brien, for $l£S0; 25x120, east line of Twelfth
avenue. 175 feet, south of I street, for JSOO.
Sales are reported by Sol Get- & Bro.
as follows:
Beported by Brokers.
Another transaction of some _ize was
the sale of the property on the south
east line of Mission street, 275 feet north
west from Sixth, known as the St. Paul's
German Church property, •together with
a piece In the rear abutting on Minna
street, by John A. Fredericks and O. B.
Angell to W. P. Morgan. The two lots
have a total frontage of 67:6 feet, with a
denth of 160 feet. The price was $45,000.
An eight-story building will be erected by
Mr. Morgan for the exclusive use of the
Morgan & Allen Company. The sale was
made through the agency of Bovee, Toy
& Sonntae.
One of the leading: transactions of the
week In realty wa_ the sale of the north
west corner of Sutter street and Grant
avenue for $38,000. This is subject to the
approval of the Probate Court, th© prop
erty being a part of the estate of Mrs.
Joan N. G. Hunter. The brokers, Madi
s=on & Burke, decline to name the pur
chaser. The frontag-e is 30 feet on Sutter
street and 40 feet on Grant avenue. The
improvements consist of a four-story and
basement brick building, which includes
the old Temple Bar and also offices in the
upper stories. The property now pays a
rental of $335 per month. David Hunter
bought the lot in 1S52. The new owner
will hold the property in its present' shape
as an investment.
Building Boom in Progress
in Berkeley, and Rents
Rise There.
Downtown Localities Be
ing Sought by Keen
Investors.
BUSINESS LOTS
CRINGE OWNERS
McClellan Arrives at Colombo.
COLOMBO, Ceylon, - Aug. 24.— Th«
United States transport McClellan, from
New Tork. July 10. for Manila, has ar
rived here. — •'. ..-• ..... ... .:
vices, > namely, $3,750,000, is approximately
that under which the negotiations have
proceeded. The^ satisfactory views ex
pressed at . Copenhagen ¦ are favorably-re
ceived here. ' - ¦ /¦
-: ' WASHINGTON/. Aug. 24.-The Copen
hagen dispatch summarizing the satisfac
tory state of negotiations on the American
acquisition of the Danish West Indies Is
substantially in line with the information
v/hich has come, to Washington from tims
to ¦ time. The negotiations are still pend
ing, -however, and It cannot be said that
they, • have : reached a stage of . finality.
The figure named in the Copenhagen ad-
COPENHAGEN, Aug. 24.— A prominent
politician in the councils' of the Ministry
told a correspondent to-day that the sale
of the Banish "West Indies, it was confi
dently expected, would be consummated
before the close of the present year. V
The Kink "and th'e ; new Cabinet have
concluded that; it. is absolutely necessary
for k Denmark' to dispose '.of the Islands,
and a majority of the RIgsdag favors the
sale,; asidoes also the p'ublic. The only
dissatisfaction, 'the correspondent's Infor
mant-further said, arises in connection
with. the price ($3,750,000) being considered
too small. However, the final ¦ approval
of the-Rigsdag is believed to-be assured,
and it is expected that legislative ratiflca
tion^will be given • in Washington in De
cember. , J : • ' ¦
Uncle Sam May Soon
Own West India
Islands.
DANES WILLING
TO CLOSE SALE
Nos. 1620 and 1622 Fulton- street, two-nine
room houses with lot 50x137:6 feet, for ' $9500,
eubject to confirmation; two lota on the south
Sold at Auction. '
; Easton. Eldridge & Co.. report the fol
lowing sales at, auction: . .
Berkeley Is Booming. . ; *J
Berkeley Is having a building boom that
has been improving verious sections. Re
cent activity has been largely manifested
at North Berkeley, or Berryman. In the
last few months there have been extensive
street improvements under way from Lor
in to Berryman. These have been fol
lowed by the extension of the building
area. In some sections houses are rented
for long periods before they are com
pleted, and the tendency is upward for
rents. Real estate dealers have flocked
into the university town, and their signs
and placards ara to be seen in all direc
tions. The north end of Berkeley has
been benefited greatly by the extension of
the line of the Telegraph avenue electric
road, which runs up Spruce street and
down' Oxford on a loop. This has prac
tically placed the section, that was former
ly isolated, in immediate touch with Oak
land and San Francisco. Formerly the
dwellers In North Berkeley were com
pelled to rely upon the local trains of the
Southern Pacific Company for passage to
this city. During a part of the day and
at night these trains from Berkeley run
only hourly. This was a disadvantage
that the beauty of the high hills and the
salubrity of the climate were not suffi
cient to overcome. The electric road has
now conferred upon the north end of
Berkeley that T/hich it needed to make it
popular. Several very fine residences are
planned to be erected in the near future.
Meanwhile the street Improvements are
going ahead on a large scale. ' Spruce
street, which is the continuation of the
county- Toad -that leads in from the hills
of Contra Costa County, is about to be
paved, and the creek that has been fished
over and hunted over for many years is
about to be spanned with a costly bridge;
Golden Gate avenue and Leavenworth
street. . '.:¦.'¦:" -•';-¦" '¦';-¦;
' >. Go ' and • hear. Dr. C. C. . O'Donriell discuss the
topics of, the day^at 2 p. m.", <?lty Hall square.
He is the logical candidate for Mayor. ' •-
Several fair sized sales of realty have
recently. taken place in Los Angeles, from
which estimates of present values may be
derived. The California Hotel, property,
situated on • the > northeast corner : of "Sec
ond'and,Hill streets : and adjoining the
building, of the Sunset Telephone Com
pany,'having a frontage of sixty feet. on
Second street and 120 feet on Hillstreet,
has been sold by Ada A. Bram to J.C.
Fitzpatrick; for '$45,000. M. L. Gerstle- of
the Alaska Commercial' Company has
sold to Miss Anna F. Leach a lot. having
a frontage of ,120 feet on. Grand avenue
and 165 feet, on Tenth street, the consid
eration being $18,000." John A. Bullard has
sold to Fannie E. Howe a portion of a lot
119% feet, on Spring, street and i 156:6 feet
frontage on < Sixth ' street for the sum of
$6500. The property sold contains^a.sub
stantial brick rmsiness building. Elizabeth
Y. Gordon: has purchased the property
known • as Glenmary, " at ¦ Highland Park,
from Sarah F. Judson for $6500. ..
Los Angeles Realty.
of the superstructure of • a Government
building at Boise,, Idaho. A hint of sump
tuousness in official life is conveyed by a
call for propositions to place in the United
States custom-house at Portland, Or., cer
tain quartered white oak furniture, golden
oak finish. 'Redding is about to provide
Itself with a brick high school building,"
and the bids will be opened September 7.
Ernest M. - Haen of Sacramento is the
architect. Competitive plans and specifi
cations are desired for the erection of a
modern hospital building on the grounds
of the Veterans' Home at Yountville. The
Commercial Bank at Merted calls for bids
for alterations - upon its banking-house.
Bids are. asked for the mechanical equip
ment connected with heating, ventilating
and elevators for the new postofflce struc
ture in this clty.'at Seventh and Mission
streets, and for completing the interior
finish of the United States' courthouse and
postoffice in Los 'Angeles.
Buildings to be. constructed and Im
provements to be :made on public build
ings on the coast form quite an imposing
list. ~ Tb?e bids - for.: the . construction of a
hospital at' the Presidio. will be opened on
the 27th . lnst., by J. M. Marshall, in the
Phelan building.- Kallespell.Mont., is call
ing for bids from I contractors ' in this : city
for the construction of a schoolhouse. of
which ;the estimated cost is "$30,000. Bids
are also invited here for the construction
The question of giving a bonus is one that has
been argued since the very first days of letting
work ¦ by - contract.' If ' an owner is very par
ticular to insert in a document that: the con
tractor shall forfeit so much per diem for every
day the contractor shall exceed a certain date
to have I the structure completely finished why
ought not the same owner be willing to allow
a bonus if the work' is- done ahead , of time?
Take a large brick building,- for instance: -- The
contractor, by using Improved methods •. and
adopting the very latest ideas in regard to dis
tributing materials at different stages ' of the
work, may have the building ready for occu
pancy a full month before the data set for, com
pletion. If the building be rented or occupied
by the owner a" saving in rent alone would
amount probably to ?1000. "- Then why notglve
a goodly portion of this amount i to the con
tractor for performing his work in a faithful
manner? Of course the other side will-argu*
that the work could not have been done as well
as if a greater time had been taken. But, in
these ' days , of lynx-eyed .architects,' that is a
fallacy not worth arguing. Try the bonus plan
a- little more frequently and note the . general
happiness all around of those who work on a
building.- The owner gives a bonus to the con
tractor and the latter, "divvies" with his work
men, v ?-•¦ ;•>.':• :..?;'"';"¦;
pany. The structure will cost something
over $100,000 and must be completed, un
der the terms of the contracts, by April 1,
1902.. In the contracts is» a clause which
has _ already occasioned some* discussion
and Is destined to incite more. This pro
vides that a bonus of $20 per day shall be
paid to the contractor for evefy.day that
he lessens the prescribed period of con
struction, and rhat a penalty of $100 shall
be paid by the contractor for every day
after, the contract time that the building
is incomplete. The Building News and
Review takes up the cudgel- in favor of
the bonus and says:
. A contract was recently let in Los An
geles for a" six-story brick building for
the Conservative Life Insurance Com-
The Sacramento Bee will have a new
building In Sacramento. The cost will be
$20,000, approximately. '.'¦¦ , •
The building contracts In this city dur
ing the present month number fifty-two
to date. The larger of these were for
eight flats in a two-story frame building
on Sixth avenue, south of C - street, to
cost $12,000, for A. M. Speck; for brick
work • for two • additional stories for' the
Starr King building on Geary street, for
the Whitney estate; to tost $21,695; for a
two-story frame dwelling on the north
line of Pacific avenue, east from Baker
street, for Leon Lewin. to cost $8350; for a
three-story frame building, to contain six
flats, on the northwest corner of Fillmore
and Washington streets, for Margaret A.
Foulkes. 'to cost $12,000; for two three
story frame buildings on the south line
of Sacramento street, east from Fillmore,
to contain six flats, for. Mrs. Lizzie Lo
bree, to cost $10,850; for a five-story and
basement apartment house at the south
east corner of Jones and Post streets, for
the- Schmiedell Estate Company, to co3t
$17,063; for a six-story and basement brick
building for Minnie P. Shotwell, to stand
on the south, line of Eddy street, • west
from Mason, to cost $14,600. The struc
tures represented by other contracts have,
generally speaking, represented less costly
flats and small homes. On the list are
also contracts for the beginning of quite
costly structures. , Among these is a con
tract amounting to $9340 for brick work,
setting, granite and terracotta and set
ting of 'ron work, except first story steel
beams, ior a six-story brick building for
A. W. Pattiani on the north line of Ellis
street, west from Jones, c ¦ .••'.;.:
line of Pacific street, west from Taylor, 28:10Mjx
137:6. J1950 and $1975; Noa. 1110 and 1112 Harrison
street, 85 feet southwest from Seventh, the lot
being 25x80 feet, for $4730; No. 1769 Post street,
113:6 feet east from Webster, lot being: 24x114:6
feet, for $4850; lot 25x137:6 feet on the north
line of Fulton street, 206 feet west from Lyon,
$2000; No. 821 Hampshire street, 219 feet 'south
from Twentieth, lot 25x100 feet and four-room
cottage, for $1500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
17
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailal
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. . Germain Billiard Co.. lata Jacob Strahl*
it Co. (est'd. ' 18521 403 Market •_: upon In-
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANi> PIO IRON.
1 T WTl QOM * Tft KO- Battery Stnet.
*• V- ff LLolm tt Wll>» Telephone Main ISM.
,.'„ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAS RflYFQfcffli S_JPPi_~ Butchers. 104
JAj« IiUIC-t a W'J- Clay. Tel. Main 12M
____ ___ ____ _______
-TJBRICATINO OTLS. L&OSARB ft C— _-3>
¦ . • tlS Front rt.; S. V. 'Phon» Main lTO.
LUBKICATINO OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. TeL Main 532ft,
Pioneer Dpy Goods Store.
Sells Ladles' and Children's Hose 6c a pair;
Ladles' Linen Skirts. 33c; Men's Fine Drew
Bhlrts. — orth SI. tor 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
_¦:¦:. .¦-.; PKINTINQ.
E C* HUGHES. ni s-_M_ii 1 scI s. r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
TH— HICKS-JUDD CO..
8 First Street. San Fmacljc—
CEAPE-HTJTS.
•••••••••••••e«0oace«e
! § ..YOU.. §
J EMPLOY AN j
§ EXPERT §
o - ©
% In Food Selection when you ©
S Bat S
•GRAPE=NUTsf
...• >£'>i. . •
• The Most Perfectly •
q Made Food for Human Use. J
TO KEEP FOOD CRISP.
A novel way of opening a package of
food is shown on the Grape-Nuts pack-
age, where a line Indicates that a slit
ehould be made with a knife, and the
package squeezed, which makes it gap
enough to pour out what is needed for a
meal, then the package automatically
closes, preserving, the contents from the
moisture of the air.
As a rule. Grape-Nuts packages are not
kept on hand very long in any family, but
v It is v.-ell to know how to keep the contents
of the package in prime condition. Grape-
Nuts Food is ready cooked, very crisp,
v and can be served immediately with a lit-
tle rood cream or milk. This feature Is
ef great advantage to those I who appre-
ciate ease and convenience in preparing
breakfast. . '
THE EMPOBIITM- •¦¦• | THE -gMPOBrmg. | - -THE EMPOBnJK. ; | IEE EMPO-IIOL-: ' > | - IHt-E-TOBIUM. ¦ | THE EMPOBITJM.
r<^ss>L- J ilii^^r We have secured a large stock of mueh^ Copyright Fiction^ |
*" 1 ffitfif^^l y6^ ; i Xf^ which enables us tc» quote the lowest prices ever named by a retail house for these editions Etc. T £ c ;. £
£ fR^^^^S^vV' an . d ttn^'ners. Th e assortment includes copyrighted and standard works of Fiction, Diographics, History, SS^^S^^St %s I \
% [If 5?^^^^^S^E_J_L Sciences, Juvenile BooKs, etc.; in fact enough books and enough variety to stock an ordinary book store. Mar!on "«w- s works, vol.. $1.00 _?so >
K Jjf^^^^^^x On 'y a few of the titles can be enumerat ed- in this space; but whether you want a single book, a set of ;SSK^ P3S.J.:JS 3fg \
%- 5HHW b A,^§\^y^ltk books cr an entire librarv, m mat'er what your means maybe, you will find in this sale editions To Have and to HoId $*-s* 85c x
S IPS! SlmWllli^ P riced t0 suit them> SalC bc * inS Monda y and lasts until this special stock is exhausted. In many ™£l&%?u?^:\vS%> %%% I
£ instances we have but one or two volumes of a title. Better come early. -- - •¦%:: . viceofFoob, c_at_ e M fayior .$i. 5O 48o x
• t I \\u\W^\\\\^^il\ft\\^V r -__-._ _4__v _Ri-r .'._-_ » _»•.«_- •¦¦- Michael Rolf, Pendersd. .... <i.oo AR O %
: $ \ sPIA^^ml^Wm Juvenile Books. £_f Standard Books 25 C. Sets of Books. , tw^T^S:? _Jf° 5
¦ % Iff wWi >N_v\_% wV Wffi# Pl "* c ®' Pr^ e " ™ s scrics o! sIandard wor Ks by popvlar authors is printed from lar_c Leathcr Stockin s Ta! «» 5 ™i» 85c Marceiia, Mrs. Ward, '_ -o_C|_!oo 48 o i
*" l l VlimNK^Jm^ \lll/ /^W_l_y Silent Pete, Otis $1.00 48C type On _00d paper and bound With gilt tops, in hand- _Pfc gar Dickens, 15 vols., cloth binding.... $3*00 My Lady Nobody, Maartsn3.."$i. 5 o 48c °*
" £ >!; Wfts^\ WMiWtiKf? New Robinson Crusoe, Alden... $1.00 48C SCmc dolh bindinij. During this Sale— per VO'um- DIckel », IS vols., half Russia binding Struan, Julia Magruder $1.50 4Q O «
' 7.- ' A"//»^AVwf -. Paydays, Jewett $1.50 48C Avu ' -—"-_-- ; , $9,75 Can This Be Love, Parr Ji. 5 o 48 O \
i 1 ~AB%2rJ/"^-O^'ilf/iy y>^ '-..Modern Mephistophelcs, A1cctt.$r. 5 o 48C By Order of the King all > (Mar^ll) f .* Bachelor Scott ' 2 4 vols., doth binding, gilt tops ...... Mane Qiaa, illustrated, Page...$x.oo -^
If t^g^^-z^^^^WiltWHr . &Z ..^Cossack Fairy Ta>s. riustrated.fa.eo 48 O ChUd'fWorv of Tr n - ™ 0T ~ S? hl l*° n C ™ so ° Wetoe) „••••• v •••• •;• :$ i P m7 ? Bigelow Papers, U!us., LoweU. J1.00 3Qo «
i* Ot^ e -n^ C&T^\ Crim# 1 "" 61 :^^' Ho » c f R^« « vols., Wf Ru»ja Walford, E len OIney Kirk. . . .|i.oo 30o%
% f^_^^^^^^^^^^»«^?^^S__i_____r Zig-Zag Stories, Butterworth...$i. 50 4SC Cloister and the Hearth Self-Help (Smiles) or fuU sheep binding $6.25 Bsrnlci-, Amelia Barr $..00 3Q O S
¦ _^ K e Library, Farrar j,. so 48C O.S (Sand) Ho^Rornan Empire Be^me and L.lles (K US - ~ ~ Tommy and Grixel, Barrie. .. .$I. S o 8Qo .J
; V jtjf=5$r*!&%2& Witch Winnie Books, ChampKeyJl. 50 48C £ ori " ne ( Mrne - de Stael) Hunchback of Notre Silence of Dean Maitland &*mO%B BlOi3t*3B3hlQS Savrola, Winston Churchill $i.ze GQO X
% Under the Red Flag, King..'. .Ji._5 43c C0 (__nd")" of Rudolstadt K^^or^flLo ,S» fMacd „, /»- C«te _HI« Cunning MurreD, Marrison... .^.25 6O0 *
U ~~ -*«^^^> Stores of American Literature, Cranford (Gaskell) Knight Errant (ftyall) The Sketch Book (Irvinr) *#__' &mi*5 9 fOGm A Dieam of a Throne, Embrer.fr. 50 48 O 5
X e^^^^^S?*^ Wright $1.00 300 _^r>ems I t l er l (c5Sne)" ) M r a8 a " man < Mar " toilers of the Sea (Hugo) Cicero • Davy, Crockett • Currlt. Countess of Alborno*....| X .5o 480%
¦ *C '^ M—iimiiS&r Lucy C. Lillie Books, vol $1.00 48; Donovan (Lyall) Micah Clarke (Doyle) Westward Ho! (Klngaley) Henry of Navarre La Salle Hundreds Of Other titles, „«
_• ". _|I1I_I-II|«1T| . Wesselhoeft Books, vol $1.25 48 V DnT»«{ UarVel) The Moonstone (Collins) We Two (Lyall) Henry the Navigator Peter Stuyvesant — ¦ -_f
/-* Church'. Books, vol .|,._ S 48o A»!=n5"2. 'i »»«, orfttiiW^t .Xl.? 116 .Company Tbcodotic Ds gotp ; $S.23 fOf Q SfO.OO X
iKenmora Edition-* 1 Books 20c. %%% J^WSlrl^^^Sa |KE§^11^ SS^I Dictionary. > |
J About -o title, printedon deckle edge paper, bound in polled t0 the ¦ (Auer- (Hu.ell) ? \ U^SS^$ . Web^', Unabridged-Comple^ with extra S
_f buckram, gilt top; published at $ I. oo; during thii $ale..'._>Oc Sign of the R;d Cross, Green. . $ 1.75 _»°C "Z Z '¦ ~ " : ' '" ' " "' lupplement and new pronouncing gazetteer of 5
Paradise Lost — MLton Twenty Thousand Leagues Un- Trowbridge's Books ..|i.25 48 C A**? 0 *'' 0 *.'* Fantlty Physician— 1901 edition, Toiti by TWO— New book by Marie St. Felix, author of "A the world; with colored plates and thousands jf
*, Prairie— Cooper der the Sea—Verne Walrus Hunter*, Ballantyne $1.25 3QQ g ' VC ? !" causes, symptoms and treatment of all disease, Little Game With Destiny," published at 50c, tale price. 3BC of engraving?; bound in full iheep; with pat- .*
Pioneer-Cooper Edmund Dantes-Dumu Hundred* (if nther 'trnnd titl,* nt P ub _" h « at W--75, for. ¦...-.... j „ ..$1.48 Mrs. Lincoln's PoCrloSS Cook BOOk— en * --omb iwfaj while £** J
2/ Robinson Crusoe— Defoe Lady cf the Lake-Scott nunai CdS OT OZHef gOOd tlMS at Webster's EnCOfO/Set/iC Dictionary— Containing over 250 choice recipes, sale price tBC limited supply lasts %p%2a4mi3 *1
*" Scarlet Letter— Hawthorne In the Golden Days— LvaU like prices. Eilarged and revised to date by the Rt. Rev. Samuel Fallows, Or. ChaSG's RedftO Baoff— An invaluable coilec- Together with Harvard Dictionary Stand 5
I J Thrift— Smiles , Imitation of Christ— a Kempis BlaOk Rock— Authorized cdit ; on- cloth '" Ru8Sla » d «-We thumb index $2.85. tion or over 1000 practical recipes, published at $z. io, for 75© .;... _57*J?n •*
J Self Help— Smiles Gold Elsie— Marlitt binding. 17c ' '' ~ ~ " ' — ' " ' : : ' vou #
\g Tour of the World in Eighty Micah Clarke-Doyle RMpath'S HSstCry " Of th* HUFti'S WHtlHU PapC^S LOSS THatt Half PHCC • 3
if m AH^alf^Wom^J^li^ T^r m St^ery ever offered in this city, Wing Papers and Envelopes, wo. th from x 5 c to 30c per _ 4 pieces, in bond, kid %
i If Duty-Smile! Origin of Species-Darwin LBttSHt S L^VO nnuh and Irish linen in such popular tints as heliotrope, lilac, azure and old rose; in octavo, commercial, Titian, gavotte, polonaise, First Empire, Mignon and Oxford shapes; a 5
If I ° * VrS JUG lar B e ""mfcer of tmall lots to be closed out, beginning Monday. Paper— 24 fheets for Qc Envelopes— 25 for QCm J
f < n-m£T _ Positively Last Days o! Clothing Sale. "^SS,S^\
£mW^ NecLar ' Y " '^ C °™ ™ » d V^ ™ «»^« ™ ™ *^ ! Kid S sLt\l^ XSftl \
* : >____r^ gi-t trimmed Men s $10.00 Suits, 5_f. 35. Men's $15.00 Suits, $3.95. Men's $20.00 Overcoats, $11.45. which we wia place on «:e o^// s
I W[j^Lm : S7-S0UH_ft--ts Svils, $ 4m 95.. Boys' $3.00 Knee Panls Suits, BO-i I |
1 mMSM^ T uo^iijs^ i,
* mMm&m. partic^ About Half Price. Weave Suiting that is now so much in demand .Not Ano * cr M lot WM&^*&i SW.'etJ'S jC^T $
1 #^^^m^ i; S v C e r rJ d ° n> Not half ourregular price., bufbout more than 8oo yards in this shipment, but m all the new Fall shades o: '^ MUS ' C ROlS ' **" " "^ ?MoW_Sc!nJ^^^ S
*f jm pretty and half what you have always had to pay reseda, old rose, castor, mode, brown, tan, three shades of garnet, royal, - - Shoe; all sizes; J
& -HL \o*i JiL desirable ' ior the highest class of work. Wchavc French blue, and two pretty shades of navy blue; on special JB __) OL — . H?JU v AL S to - morrow .-. Sfa87x
K Wft wjj& ons P ccial adopted this scale of prices for the sale to-morrow (Monday) only, per yard tfrmSG MUMi&M^i^M^M^i^yrM "" •*
_!' ffiwi ' lm\ wleMon- most artistic and best work that can be . : _. """ .-,"•' * . — -»-- -^ -w,,^^.,..,.^,..,, _
tC *Jf8>(8^ f JfflW^ y y * ~ turned out- ~ mm _^_T_I ~ r T ~ : — at a recent -sale; 'they will wear better than __- . " a
t : K« b, Mk ~^ £¦ B New Black Goods. || i^^^^^0S§ Torchon Lace |
J _T ededgemounts/dozen. A7.00 Our FallStock of Black DressGoods is almost complete. The bulk of it is k^' 1 if? -oocach; they are yours oo -^ PZf% &
K H OEMS'* Fuwni**hinn<* ** nttUo Slze »j +^6 in., on heavy bev^d edge' .now on our shelves. We i- believe -\that department' store prices 'for the most ' to-morrow While quantity lasts, each JUG 1| r± *"" %
\SiSVSSS- lil^^pl ii^^^S^^^SP NomMZ%£ mt$ YartS ' f ¦
V 3 quart ¦ a large representation and other makes of almost equal merit. ¦ Brush Binding, per yard Co S A&t JC
h m :=:::^><?- B> Straight ff*UB~t* 63lfne*aa»»a*»tS 5*-'" c h Granite Suiting, all-wool, perfect dye and finish, yard y Se3 Finishing Braid, piece SO % t£C_-T>». _^B -«
j; Saucepan TUrG VirODGrteS 4 6-inch Satin Prunella, all-wool, perfect dye and finish, yard """"""JSiSo , ' Kid Curlen, frunch * O to _»->O . « I^W^i tzlk "5
K f^__b^f f^t — Mad* at 3 Sift SaWM* 44 " mch Melrose Suitin - ? » aI1 - w °°\ perfect dy= and finish, yard ' '¦%/ 9K Corduroy, all co'on, yard 5© ' I. M ¥&&. X
£ Mm* ML iiiVS W, ofbesten- "* ** *»*& **V.ng. . 5S . inch p anima Sack ; ng> „ absoluWn«=ww ea - e>all .; o V: a VJ- ••••:•'• %]'in Rubber Cuffi, pair _?5O, T M £ jf/#%s3_--^^ $
£. Ml g- |= I// 1 \\\ . ml// ame'ed Best Dry Granulated Sugar— Monday 5°- 5n ch Priestley's Imported Cravenette, all-wool, perfectly wat-r-pro"-f"vard '% 1 %n Cube Pins, I oo count, each fiT© W, i/f^S&T X
«? %m) V -SS fZJ'" ware, __ on ] v O/J ffc« _U» t%f% "_Z — ' ~ 1>M-i*iM Spool Ho:der wd Pin Cushion, each _»ff O «''«5//|M /©O^ «
_f with Wk °™y-4UlBS &B.UU O4_t#__ft _r%_T O#_m« fl __r_>»#_ B _ _¦» -_7 in _Jf B- i Safety Pins, card Jo § ' %% f& J? jff
tf handle and cover, regularly 5 oc E p . . _ &*UG OW DS^nKGMS BHii Betitimig. Darning Cotton, 3 spoolsjorJO | %)hi%4& «
£ amecd w£e, with We, regularly 3 oc " "V^bVn^ wlth n = at b ° rdc ?' a warm covcrin S for double beds, and fine enough to make Ta P = Mea,ure,,«ch So ¦ Another of our popular lace sales for 5
WSSSiim ¦mSLI W j"^^--s™.t*i.oa pair !^^^ggjg|ii
I =SiSSH?'" : « JBsm S"& SSS—S "SS-S^ 1 e™^-**.*.* «rSr I
I* .'.'.'.'. 1O Q i|giSffiF^^ Ar a-° U d £ P ccial " :e Mcnlayon!y, per yard . vaue, per pair ............ S5.S5 FOf WlOUtlOy. to match, Widths from I to 1% g
i K Olive Wood Salad Sets — Fork and spoon, r W^3ai««r - .need o "^m"cL" "i"'-^^' "' "^** «__ _-«^--*w inches, in a very large assortment of X
|« n^-rir «st, "¦•?«__. Mon- f _ The Sur B™j, !„...*•« to ° £«i,l ufchef *?* Zl L^ """' '" %> OomfortonB-H»**fci, fa white "¦ neW, pretty lad deshaMe. pittoM, J
j* 17C ,. Mo ; Jay 20c r^U^'^Y^ 35c S_£i_S-S__C__: ?¦ »tfc A*^'^^^^\ no, a P i=« ic SS than 7^c per yard, .*
A! « - - o " __ R. S. V. P. Sa't— Monday; package #_?_} For doub e beds (Si inches), each. .. ,5_»^c " ' ¦- ' ~-"M»w 4_^_vjl +H& J^M the largtr part of it IOC goods, on J«
*, &peGtaS ca/e OF Soda Crackers— Fresh and crisp, W"O Whilo Blankets— W'U Hygienic GanBforfors—Fikd f^^^\jp^m^/^m. special sale Monday only, all — «
g FIOSS PillOWS. .Monday, X boxes (about 10 lbs).... 3 9c J^g. ™?J° n * Ml *. cott ™ -ita genuin, Australian uocl, v=ry hand- W^PiM^^^jj^^k at the Uniform price, per yard &C %
* ;^r JS-1 M^^WMMso ™>X\—^$3>oo i -;--L |
I lyS Zl iffT5^> ' W$&^Mii^: Princess Boris Another Week p^^^^^S Basket sale, j
|J. cushion tops i/.l'i^? __^^/ Tomato Catsup-California Packing Co.'s Although this wonderful little Japanese . girl's engagements demand her S^ft^^rlirfw ' There pretty and very useful S
tf last Wednes- VW'CZZ. ' "^^1. home brand, delicious, regularly a 5 c a bottle, „.,.„„ :„ „..,.„ - fv w _ v ,„ ¦*, \,-n- ,* . A • . with scene of old Dutch windmill; regularly M^smsA Cantonese Baskets, in 12 'J
V -day, tomor- W^^ j5& Monday .1 5 O P' escnce m ? not , h . cr CItv » " c hav = wlth difiicu:ty made arrangements to prolong $2.75 P« set, special Mon- pffi^ clfferent «i zc , (from 4 to %
J. tow we are >gg_-- r —^^g^ p opt Qp ShGPPy-Tnll quart bottles her sta y m thc bl g store week. She will sing new songs and intro- onI X $3.98 .j^^^ 12 inches b diameter) X
* going to ofFsr ** regularly 40c, on special sale ' uce an °ther pretty dance. Attraction Hall, daily from 1 1 a. m. to 5 p. m. Round China Tea Pot Stand -Go'd edge, j^^^^^S wiU te placc(1 on 'P* 1 "* 1 •«
S? you 1 coo "-"- Monday only, 4 bottles *&1.OO Admission Free. . . with figure and flower decorationj ggg^g^ «'e Monday only, at a ',{
ft FJoss Pillows to put them on. No: enough f*nr»ri Kf*nttlir*lf Wh~ If — " regu'arly aoc each, on Monday . MJbC E-^^^^^y "third or more less than '%
*' m^^^^r^ta^^SJ^^i °° ndi >'' P-^ bottIc ••— S 40c 'fflPHMKE tl5__iiSli 1 fe/^^ > ii%!)slSiS HIM & Lemonade Set-Shaded pink gl«i, new fancy SCed forwor^baTkeT
£» 40c size— 20x20 in.— Monday 28O ASSOPtOtt COPi3SatS — Imported, WOt WJ&OmmB& I**" _»Hr\\_r_l «Q .....' $1.39 cecorated. These arc the .J
& 1 50c size— 22x22 in. — Monday 34-0 put up in fancy decanters as shown in illus- bSJ wl^__. «*H\_afl _0W__9 r.l.V. I.V V_«#l **r_i«I*"u* # " • 1 1 u prices for Monday : '2
*L a "i •__•¦£ _•«** • • * If Will JP*^^ jkT* 1 _¦ aft _gn^ mn _tf_p__w ' ¦ *4| v _99n UI355 Jar anu vOVcr^rOr PICkICS- IlOrSC •'
I AH-Wu- *-; f»u -Hh. .»d ,.!! g. I wbiL-upp,, i..,,,bo:, ;c .. eOo CALIFORNIA'S I-ARQEST-AMERICA-S QRANDEST STORE' | S^S.™-^ «*!.^. f_fc [^fe^fc ?*£..& ****** |BY GUISARD.
AN IRISH CRITICS
TRIBUTE TO AN ACTRESS
ONE CENTURY AGO.
lit seems to be the.deteimination of Colombia and Venezuela to give the Pan-American
Congress at Mexico' something! todo that '-will be wc/th -while. . _. ' V' ; ; . ¦ '.:•'.; :,"¦¦
It is said there, are more than 10,000 American, summer tourists in London who* are unable
to obtain passage room on 'any steamer for six weeks to come, and if the report be true it is about
time to abolish the-ocean ferry system and^build; a bridge. ' : \
Under the spreading chestnut tree the
village smithy stands; but there the smith
no longer wields the sledge with sinewy
hands. The olden, sign of "Blacksmith's
Shop" there greets the eye no more; but
"Blslckels Repared" ..is seen above the
' smoky door.— Chicago Journal. . '-¦.-,.
Politics - in , Pennsvlvania has become so exciting by reason of the fusion against Quay that
the Philadelphia papers are announcing almost every day. in big letters, .Philadelphia is awaken
ing." So the rest of the country: mightas well begin to look out for the unexpected.
Massachusetts is making more splutter over the disappearance, of a-man named Blondin,
who is supposed to have committed a murder, than the whole country made,. over the midsummer
disappearance of Roosevelt, so if- any. honest community has Mr. Blondin it should return him at
COAL OIL— A. H. L., City. Who first
discovered coal oil in the United States
Is a question that " cannot be answered
with posltivenessi for the discovery of
such oil has been traced to several locali
ties and persons. As early as 1832 oil was
noticed floating on the surface of a well
near .Titusvllle, Pa. This was collected
and used for medicinal purposes. In 1853
a Dr. Brewer suggested that such oil be
used for illuminating; also for lubricat
ing purposes. ' In 1858-9 Colonel E. L.
Drake of New Haven, Conn., investigated
the oil region and sank a well j on Oil
Creek at Titusvllle, and on ' the 26th of
August, 1859, was rewarded by! "striking
oil." the product of that well being from
400 to 1000 gallons a day. The first flowing
well was struck that year in that region
and it produced from 800 to 1000. barrels a
day. .
"CRAZY" MOODY— J. J. C, City. The
soldier known as "Crazy" Moody, who
ebot ¦ a dry goods merchant on Mission
street, near Tenth, some months since,
was found guilty of robbery and assault
to murder. He was sentenced to Imprison
ment In San Quentin for twenty-eight |
years.
LIVING TOGETHER— A., City. Before
being able to answer the questions asked
in regard to a man and woman having
lived together for ten years It is neces
sary to know If at any time during that
period they were known as husband and
wife and 1 each Introduced each other In
the relation of husband and wife.
DISCHARGED EMPLOYE— T. S. City.
Whether a. man employed at $78 per month
Is entitled to a full month's pay If "dis
charged In the middle of the month with
out any reason being given by the em
ployer." depends upon the terms of the en
gagement at the time the man was en
gaged.
ANTS— Subscriber, Sulsun, CaL "Worm
wood leaves placed where ants congregate
will drive them away. To destroy ants
grease a tin plate with lard and place it
where the ants abound. The pests will go
Dr. Darember of Paris has created something of a sensation and gained a. passing fame t>y
declaring that consumption is rapidly increasing in France and that the disease is due mainly to the
use of impure alcohol. The moral is: Never drink French wine when' you can get that of Cali-
Curious Chinese twins are now being ex
hibited in Europe. Like. the famous Siam
ese twins, they are joined together at the
lower part. of the chest.
These twins are boys, and they were
born" in China a few years ago. They are
of normal Intelligence and each weighs
thirteen kilogrammes. Four years ago
they had smallpox, the infection passing
in twenty-four hours from one to the
other. One day whisky was given to one
of them and yet it was the. other one who
first began to show signs of Intoxication.
They go to sleep about the same time,
but it is ' possible to awaken one without
arousing the j other. They, can walk and
run with ease and when they lie down
they very quickly find a comfortable posi
tion. . . BdR^BHffi$PQ|£5Si
M. Chapot-Prevost, a scientist, who has
given much attention to monstrosities of
this kind and who successfully performed
an operation some time ago 6n two girls
who were similarly joined, recently exam
ined these twins; and concluded that the
ligament uniting them > could be severed
without much if any risk. He," therefore,
suggested that this be. done, but those. in
charge of the twins * said it was impossi
ble, as it was the will of the Chinese god
Kharigo thaf T the" boys;should be born
thus," and his will must.be respected.
QUEER TWINS THESE.
Recent reports of wireless telegraph tests in Europe are to the effect that ' in Southern
France the messages covered 3 distance of 115 miles'on land with ease, while in ¦ Great Britain a
message was sent- successfully from Crookfiaven, Ireland,, to Cornwall, a distance of 223 miles.
After that there seems no good reason why the new telegraphy should riot come our way and' give
us communication with the Farallones. ,;V::^;;^ ' .: , V- V.,; ;
THE BURNS CASE— J. M. S., City.
Tom Burns, who was tried for "holding
up" a saloon-keeper in his place of busi
ness near Fourteenth and Valencia streets
some time since, was sentenced on the
22d of July. 1901. to imprisonment in San
Quentin for five years.
MARRIAGE LAW-C. L., City. The
Legislature of California at Its last held
session did. not pass a law declaring that
marriages in Reno, New, solemnized-with
in a year after divorce in California
should not be considered legal.
MAZUZA— Joseph Siebel of this city
furnishes the following in relation to what
a mazuza is and it is a fuller answer than
was given recently in this department:
"The mazuza contains In Hebrew charac
ters verses from the Holy Bible, viz.,
Deuteronomy vt:4-9, also same book xi:
13-21. On the outside appears the Hebrew
word Shaddai (Almighty). The mazuza is
known In America as well as In Europe
and other parts of the world. In Jewish
houses it is nailed to the upper right hand
of a door frame— that is, the right hand
on entering of any door in the house. On
passing a mazuza a Jew has to touch the
same with his right hand and express in
Hebrew a supplication, as 'May the Al
mighty keep me from doing evil' or 'pro
tect me from evil desire.' "
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Fran
cisco—W. Frank, at the Hoffman; S. H.
Peddy, at the Gilsey; E. I. Wolfe, at the
Herald Square; Miss Bissinger, M. E.
Greene and wife, W. J. Wayte and wife,
at the Holland; C. C. Justin and wife, at
the Gilsey; E. J. Powers, at the Murray
Hill.
Los Angeles— H. C. Ackerly, at the Hol
land; E. W. Potter, at the Herald Square.
Oakland— H. C. Sincul, at the Broadway
Central.
Californians in New York.
ROTTANZI— J. R-, City. Dr. T. O. Rot
tanzi was elected Supervisor in San Fran
cisco November 3. 1S96. as a Democrat.
The published list of candidates do not
enow that he was on any but the Demo
cratic ticket.
BANK ROBBERY— M. S., City. This
department cannot find any record of any
such criminal case as the "great Duncan-
Casserly bank robbery." The inquiry
should be more explicit-
JERSEY JUSTICE, in the sense of prompt and proper enforcement of the law, has passed
into a proverb. California may now point to Martinez justice as equal to the best Jersey
article. .;• : ' • .
j; Judge Wells of the Contra Costa Superior Court, in his prompt sentence of the Selby
Smelting Works robber, has renewed and strengthened, popular respect for the courts. He gave the
thief of $320,000 the full extent of the law, unmoved by the plea that after arrest he had disclosed
the hiding-place of the gold. The court's action will tend to deter criminals and repress crime, and
the Judge/will be noted among the judicial officers of the State for his' firmness and respect for the
law which he is sworn to administer impartially. ... . ......
Let us have more Martinez justice, y / J . ". ¦
MARTINEZ JUSTICE
TEN-DOLLAR PIECE-M. C. M., City.
The catalogues of coin dealers show that
no premium Is offered for ten-dollar pieces
of the United States coined after the year
1804.
SELF-DEFENSE-J. P. C., City. A
party is not guilty of a crime if while
acting in self-defense he fires upon his
assailant and kills an innocent . party.
The general rule is that upon a sudden
affray and with no avenue of escape from
manifest danger to life or great bodily
harm a party may resort to the extreme
to defend himself, but to act in self-de
fense the party must not be actuated by
a mere fear that he might be killed or
greatly injured, but he must have an
overwhelming conviction that If he did
not defend himself either death or great
bodily injury would follow.
COLUMBIAN HALF DOLLARS—Sub
scribers. City. Eastern dealers In coin of
fer an advance of from ten to twenty-five
cents on Columbian half dollars of 1892.
JOURNALISM-Rhoda, City. There is
no school of Journalism in San Francisco
other than that of learning from practical
experience in a newspaper office.
POLL TAX— A., Lemoore, Cal. The fact
that you do not read the papers and did
not become aware that there had been
published a notice in the county papers
relative to the fact that If poll tax was
not paid by a certain date, does not excuse
you from paying the added penalty. The
law requires that if the tax is not paid by
a stated time a penalty of one dollar shall
be added. The collector has no alternative
but to collect the penalty.
WITH ARROWS— Subscriber, City. A
quarter of 1853 with arrows at date does
not command a premium. It is worth 23
cents and no more.
DIME OF '9S-C. K., Tuba City. Cal.
Catalogues of eastern coin dealers offer
from 90 cents to $3 for a dime of 1738 ac
cordins to condition.
THREE-DOLLAR PIECE— Subscriber,
City. A three-dollar gold piece of 1S54 is
not listed as one of the coins that com
mands a premium.
POLICE FORCE— Taxpayer, City. The
distribution of the police force In a city
during a time of disturbance is a matter
of discretion by the Chief of Police, he
using his judgment in placing the officers
so as to avert possible trouble and de
struction of property. The stripping of
one district of police to cover another is
not an act for which any officer in author
ity can be impeached.
Mr. and . Mrs. H. "W. Lawrence, promi
nent society people of Salt Lake City, are
at the Palace. They, together with a
party of friends, are touring the coast for
pleasure and recreation.
A. G. Wells, general manager of the
Santa Fe at Los Angeles, Is at the Pal
ace. He is accompanied by his family and
a few friends. . - ;£:->¦»'¦. /
Dr^T. Tukuda, a Japanese physician, is
at" the Occidental, where he registered
last night from Tokio.
J. B. Lippincott ' of the United States
Geodetic Survey Is at the Occidental from
Los Angeles. ¦• : '•¦
Dr. R. M. Hunt, a prominent medical
man of Nevada City, is a guest at the
Lick.
A. W. Barrett, a wealthy business man
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Califor
nia.
Dr. B. T. Filshriian of Amador Is at the
Palace.
James Bell, a Nome miner, is a guest
at the Grand.
J. W. Knox, an attorney of Merced, is
at the Palace.
Dr. Paul Verleg of Hongkong is a guest
at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Miller of San Jose
are at the Grand.
D. G.~ Grant, a young capitalist of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Palace.
W. S. Tupper, a prominent business
man of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
They met at his house one evening, and
a long argument on things theological
and otherwise ensued between the two.
with ,the customary result. Neither of
the disputants "succeeded In convincing
the other, nor even In shaking his opln*
ion.
""Well," said Uncle Jerry, drawing a
long, breath of relief after they had gone
away, "there Isn't very much difference,
after all, between an agnostic and— and
a cognostic."— Youths* Companion.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
.... , » ? ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ ? ¦ ¦
Some old bachelors would never marry
if they could find any other way to get a
living.
Are You "Of the Old World"F
Everything: pertaining to th« New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Fan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo : la by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, in which ar» served Amer
¦ lean Club meals from 35c to $1 each. Book
free, showing: pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAT W.
ADAMS. P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker buildlB*.
San Francisco. Cat.'
Uncle Jerry Ardhedd had two neigh
bors, both of a somewhat controversial
turn. One was a man who contended
that nothing could be positively known
that was not capable of absolute proof or
a mathematical demonstration: the other
was disposed to dogmatize about every
thing.
"Dear Mazle— Tes, it is true that I have
signed a contract to teach three years in
the Philippines, and that contract looks
pretty big and horrid to me now, forpapa
says the Government will hold me to It.
whatever happens. But I don't believe the
Government woud force a girl to keep on
teaching if one of those brave, noble
colonels or captains asked it to let her off
so he could— oh, you sly thing! You know
what we talked about. Anyway, I am go
ing, and If I come back with a military
title to^my name won't you pokey things
envy me? Tour own, CALLY "
-Milwaukee Sentinel.
A young woman school teacher of Kan
sas on her way to the Philippines, whera
she Is to teach, writes thus to a friend:
"Why, confound you, that's exactly the
breakfast that is giving me indigestion!"
— Chicago Tribune.
"If you'll eat what I do, Brooks, you
will never have any trouble with your
digestive organs. In fact, you will never
know you have any such things about
you. For breakfast I eat nothing but a
dish of oatmeal, a couple of soft-boiled
eggs, a little bread and butter and a
cup of coffee."
"Rivers, I wish you would tell me what
would be a good diet for breakfast this
hot weather. I have a spell of Indigestion
every morning after eating."
Alex Smart— I guess they were swell af
fairs in those days.— Ohio State Journal.
Miss Fortysummers— Now, I remember
the time when hoopskirts were considered
quite the proper thing.
The Brute— I s'pose he's thinking about
something to cry about to-night. — Tit-Blt3.
"Wife— "What do you suppose baby Is
thinking about?
on the lard and when there. Is sufficient
number on the plate plunge the plate and
contents in boiling water and set the
trai> anew. p. r v
Persons who are in search of an exclusive society should not overlook these opportunities.
This is a land-grabbing age, and if the chance be not taken while it offers it may soon' pass.' There
is no telling when Mr. Morgan will get his eye on those islands which are now free to all. Let
him who wishes an easy life and a quiet life and an exclusive life be prompt.. He can have his pick
of thousands of choice spots if he act quickly. ' . . .
The English yachtsman is reported to have described the islands he "saw as:being altogether
beautiful. Many of them show no signs of ever having been trodden by the human foot. Every
thing promises peace and plenty to the first comer. They are happy isles of palm and pine; where
every prospect pleases and there are no men to be vile. Amid their umbrageous bowers the set
tler will be truly lord of all he surveys. He will never have to pay taxes nor go to the- trouble of
voting against a boss in order to have good government. Here, then, are \ ample opportunities
for those who are weary of the. wear and tear of the competitive system of -civilization. There
former will have nothing to reform except snakes and malaria, and those things are easy.;
AN Englishman of wealth and leisure who has been cruising about "the Indian' Qcearr for
pleasure for. a long series of years is reported .to have informed^ trie" 'Royal Geographical
Society that he had touched at upward of 16,000 small but inhabitable islands between
Madagascar and India and found only about 600 of them inhabited. The remainder are
Edens waiting for an Adam and an Eve. It will be remembered that we have not yet completed
the census of our small islands in the Philippine group, but it is. known there are thousands of them
on which no one is living. I Taking the two groups alone and not counting the myriad islands of
the South Seas, it will be seen that any one who is tired of civilization and. neighbors can -easily
find a place to settle where he can bring up his family in quietness and peace, unfretted by poli-
PARADISES FOR TWO.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
. . .
One can get what one will by wanting
It long enough and steadily enough; is it
not so? Whether or not the thing is
worth having when obtained is another
question. Some things seem to be. There
was once a man who came to California
some seven or eight years ago wishing to
be an actor. He wished more particularly
to be Hamlet, to be Romeo, to be Mac
beth. What he did here was to give dra
matic readings, under the wing of a
mental-scientific-Delsartean cult then at
the height of its fervor. The combination
preached him. adored him and haloed him
almost into extinction for the rl^ht
thinking portion of the community, but
the man had some sort of temper that
served to carry him safely through the
danger of such association. It served also
to render him indifferent to a numerous
and perhaps naturally prejudiced class of
At lact the Transvaal has been laid
under contribution for the local color of
a play. Paul Potter will produce a play
in October next with its scenes laid in
Dopp<fe-sdorf, a Transvaal village. Louis
Mann and Clara LIpman will take the
principal parts in Mr. Potter's drama—
those of an old Boer farmer, Piet Prins
100, and his willful daughter Mona. The
actor and actress are now In Holland
studying Dutch characteristics and dia
lect for their coming impersonations. It
is not yet announced if the play has any
political interest
I see that Arthur Byron, Ada Rehan's
nephew, is to be starred by Wagenhals
& Kemper during the coming season and
that on his tour he will present one or
more of the Bernard Shaw plays.
WE are fallen now upon the drab
days of criticism, a grudging,
thin-lipped fashion of praise, a
split-strawed, sublimated, Hen
ry James' way of judgment.
Listen to a lovely old Irish critic on the
subject of Sarah Siddons, in the Dublin
Journal, more than a hundred years ago,
and acknowledge that the rascal's beau
tiful brogue, glorious extravagance and
sumptuous bulls are infinitely better
reading than the criticisms of the aver
age impassionate paragrapher of to-day.
Here he is:
Yesterday Mrs. Siddons, about whom all the
world has been talking, posed her beautiful,
adamantine, eoft and lovely person for the
first time in the Theater Royal. Emock alley,
in the bewitching, meltnur and all-tearful
character of Isabella. From the repeated
panegyrics in the London papers we were
taught to expect the sight of a heavenly an
gdj but how were we eupernaturally surpris
ed Into the most awful joy in beholding an
earthly eoddess. The hcuse was crowded with
hundreds more than It could hold (!) with
thousands of admiring spectators who went
away without a eight. This extraordinary
phenomenon of tragic excellence, this star of
Melpomene, this comet of the stage, this sun
of the firmament of the Muses, this moon of
blank verse, this queen and princess of tears,
exceeded expectations, went beyond belief and
soared above all powers of description. She
was nature itself; she Is the most exquisite
work of art; in short, she was the bouquet of
Parnassus. Sexeral persons fainted before the
curtain went up, but when ebe came to the |
scene of parting with her wedding ring, oh,
what u eight was there! The very orchestra
"albeit unused to the melting mood," wept
like hungry children. Nature sure. In one of
her beautiful moments, in one of her humane
leisure hours, in one of her smiling days. In
one of her weeping months, made this acme
of perfection. Oh. happy HIbernia! blessed
Isle, what bright excellence of excellence
stands on the turf of thy fruitful earth.
COINAGE STOPPED-I. S. L.. City.
The coinage of two and a half dollar
pieces of the United States was discon-
Truly, like a rew Arabian night's enter
tainment It reads, and the tour was
crowned by the presentation of a farewell
address (In a silver casket) to this rejected
and despised member of the American
stage from all the theatrical managers in
Bombay. There should be a moral in this
etory, that' you may have if you can find.
Like the small boy with a certain minis
ter's tales, I myself like best stories that
have no morals. Perhaps you do.
Edmund Russell is the man's name, and
by a Hindoo paper that I have before m<S
now, an Indian Advocate of last Juno,
Russell seems to have attained both his
desires. He plays Hamlet, Romeo and
Macbeth, and according to Mr. Baliwala,
the "Irving of India," is the "finest actor
that has ever visited India." How much
that Is saying I cannot vouch for, but as
Russell is now probably somewhere In
Australia or the Sandwich Islands and
will presumably pass through here on the
completion of his leisurely tour of the
world we may have early opportunity of
judging. He has quite evidently been
taken very seriously in India, the de
scription of his progress through the
country reading like an Oriental fairy
tale in the magnificence of its attendant
circumstances. Princes, rajahs, royal
highnesses, gaikwars and every kind of
Hindoo royalty has done him honor, load-
Ing him with jewels, sacred robes, ivories
and such like.' Even queens and their
veiled ladies have looked upon his Ham
let from their latticed balconies, and Ilia
priests in the temples have covered him
with gifts and flowers. Nautch girls have
danced for him, elephants fought for his
amusement, actors have acted for him—
"Sakuntala." the great epic of India, s.ti'1
played with boys in the women's parts
as in Shakespeare's time with us— and
theatrical managers have hung upon his
lips as he lectured on the future of the
Hindoo drama. He seems indeed to have
left behind him both a thorough liking
and respect and to have brought away,
what must now be almost that perfect
collection of gems that he planned to
make. Here are a few of them, just for
the sake of the plcturesqueness of the
thing. His Highness, the Galkwar of
Baroda, presented the actor with "a
Prince's choga and a magnificent neck
lace of ancient workmanship, in enamel
set with diamonds and rubies and strung
with pearls and pendant emeralds."
The Nawab of Junagadh's gift was a
turban pendant, in catseyes, pearls, dia
monds and sapphires. The Maharajah of
Kashmir gave a superb Kashmir shawl,
and his brother Rajah, Sir Amar Singh
("whose beauty and culture are unequaled
among the Princes of India"), his portrait
set in a splendid piece of Kashmirett lac
quer. The Rajah Ravi Vamlr of Agra,
where is the wonderful Taj, gave some
exquisite wines, a girdle of the incanta
tions of Buddha worn by the Grand La
ma of Thibet, a great turquoise carved
with a figure of Ganesh and a girdle clasp
of black jade set with jewels made from
the handle of a dagger of the time of
Akbar.
critics, who accused him of every sin in
the artistic decalogue, and it further kept
him steadily to his purpose. This man
had other and curious "" claims to consid
eration. He had a collection, of jewels,
rare, quaint and rich gems, that was said
to equal even that of Sarah .Bernhardt.
He used to pose in these, -with the delight
of a woman in that kind of beauty, and
this collection, its perfecting, was his aec
ond ambition.
¦ The league can do this. It says "the trusts ride rough-shod over the people." There
ought, then, to be marks enough left to identify the culprit, and evidence to convict the rough
shod rider should not be wanting. Therefore will the league cease to talk nonsense and do
something? . • • . . -
It is notoriously in the power of any citizen to lodge in a Federal court an information
which will begin such a suit. The prosecuting witness need not be even a member of the Anti-
Trust League, nor belong to the platform committee of the conventions, Democratic, Republican
or Populist, which are now engaged in racing against each other for hard words in which to de
nounce trusts. Of course it would look better if some such person would back up his zeal' in
language by substantial action, but so far none has offered.
If the league know of the existence, of the evidence for" which it wants a reward offered,
its duty is to bring that evidence to the attention of the Attorney General ,by bringing suit in any
Federal court, or before any Federal Court Commissioner. When such suit is docketed the De
partment of Justice has jurisdiction of its prosecution, and the intention of the Attorney General
to enforce the law will be made known through the use he makes of the evidence in the case.
That is'so well calculated to muddle' the issue that one is at a loss to decide whether it is the
result of ignorance or design. The Attorney General is a Cabinet officer, the head of a department
which has for expenditure only such funds and for such purposes as Congress may appropriate.
It .should be known to the Anti-Trust League that the. Attorney General has no authority to offer
any reward for a drag net expedition to find testimony in a case that has no existence. If he did
this he would be subject to impeachment for unlawfully using the funds of his department. There
are many Federal statutes besides the one on trusts. He has no more authority to : offer a reward
for evidence of the violation of one. than of another. It is. ; therefore, whimsical or worse for the
league to propose that the Attorney General shall violate the law -himself "to get evidence on
which to begin a case against, other violators of the law. ¦
. None of the volunteer doctors of the trust evil has ventured to puf in complete form a bill
for an act of legislation which medicates the v malady. They prefer to inflame partisan activity by
torrid denunciation. The last letter of the Anti-Trust League to the Attorney General is of this
class of matter. It says: "We will now give him (the Attorney General) an opportunity to reas
sure the people as to his desire and intention to enforce the law against trusts. Will Attorney Gen
eral Knox offer a reward for the production 'of the incriminating, evidence against the trust for
which we asked, and he says he does not possess? Will he announce to-morrow that the
Department of Justice of the United ' States will pay a substantial reward to any person or persons
who will produce evidence that will lead to the arrest and conviction of any person or corporation
guilty of violating the Federal statute against trusts?"
It is in the interest of the people and of 'our national commerce that the trustquestion be cir
cumnavigated by the courts. If these combinations are only evil they should be judicially abolished,
killed dead. If they are a mixture of good and evil the evil in them should be judicially restrained
and the good encouraged. But neither will be done by political platforms and irrelevant discus
sion. The public mind is not enlightened by these and therefore has no light to cast upon legis
lation, to be enforced -by the courts.
CORRESPONDENCE has passed between the Anti-Trust League and the Attorney Gen
eral of the United States.
The league seems to be -very much dissatisfied with the result of the interchange,
and indulges in personal charges against the Cabinet officer, . intended to impeach his
enforcement of the law.
' Finally, the league makes a proposition which partakes of the unfortunate character of
most of the anti-trust political talk.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The "Mefistofele" I can answer for aa
a surprisingly good performance. It is
one of the features of the season and has
very apparently been more fully rehearsed
and carefully directed than la commonly
practicable in the Tivoli productions.
Our own operas this week, to leave the
sublime for the local, have been Rossini's
merry masterpiece. "The Barber of Se
ville," and Boito's "Mefistofele." I hear
that the "Barber" was good as usual,
with the same cast as last year, and that
the hit of the performance was Russo
and.Repetto's naive rendering in English
of "Because I Love You" in the "singing
lessW scene. . v
There is much ado in Bayreuth just now
about the new Munich theater, the Prinz
Regent, that has been built with a view
to giving the Wagner operas in their per
fection exactly as they are given at Bay
reuth. The plan naturally meets with
some opposition at Bayreuth, that the un
kind Munich folk allege is not so much
concern for the purity ¦ of Wagnerian art
as concern for Wagnerian dollars that
will naturally flow Munlchward If people
can get as good performance as at Bay
reuth for half the price. Bayreuth's art
has been a myth to the middle classes,
say the Munich people, and the Bayreuth
aristocrats \ would . keep it so. At any
rate the new theater has been officially
inspected by Prinz Regent Luitpold and
accepted. Ernest v., Poasart will be mu
sikdirector, and the theater opened on
Thursday last, two days after the closing
of the Bayreuth festival. " "¦>'.•
"Parsifal" has also been heard and
criticized, and our 'favorite, Van Dyck,
was said to be in brilliant voice through
out his rendering of the name role. His
exceptional histrionic abilities are also
awarded a high meed of praise, and only
a poor German pronunciation unfavorably
criticized. — -~
THE accounts from Bayreuth are
beginning to come In, with the
usual rhapsodies and enthusiasms
only explicable to those fortunate
enough to have been there. Otto
Floersheim of ; the Courier thlsweek
treats his readers to an epic of enthusi
asm concerning the "Flying Dutchman'
that this year opened;the season Gen
eral Musikdirector Mottl conducted and
to the performance from. a purely musi
cal standpoint,. save for a certain slow
ness of tempi, Mr. Floershelm^accorjs
"unalloyed praise." Mme. Schumann-
Helnk is the I only singer in the cast lo
cally known, and. of course, sang Mary s
part, and again, of course, admirably.
Van Rooy sang the title -role, and he
must bo a wonder from the accounts.
Miss Emily Destlnn of Berlin was the
Senta. and she is highly praised • both
from the histrionic and vocal standpoint.
The Erik seems not to have been so suc
cessfully undertaken by Burgstaller, who
was -over-vehement in the part.. Peter
Heidkamp from Cologne . sang Daland s
part, to the full as well as Van Rooy
sang the Dutchman, says Mr. Floersheim.
The "Ring" has also been given, with
Herr'Hans Richter conducting, and with
a splendid "Die Walkure" and a poor
"Siegfried," says the Concert-Goer's critic.
As "Siegfried" is mostly Siegfried it may
have been -comparatively poor, but as
the same critic acknowledges that the
"scenery was splendid; Frledrichs as
Alberich was splendid; Frl. Feuge-Gleiss
as Brunnhilde excellent; Bertram as
"Wanderer and Schumann-Heink sufficing
to' raise the -first two acts above total
failure,'.' it Is possible we might have
found it bearable. Schmedes was the
Siegfried and Breuer. Mme. Bertram's
Wotan seems to have made a. profound
impression.
Dado sings the title role very satisfac
torily, looks the part very handsomely,
but lacks largely on the dramatic side.
His defiance to the heavenly powers In the
first act Is unpardonably tame — perhaps
owing to a somewhat precarious position
on a sort of jaunting, car of a cloud where
he is perched. He is wanting entirely, too,
in the splendid mischief that made Plan
con's Mephisto such a marvelous affair,
that even ! Nicolini'3 devil was not found
wanting in. But he sings his "whistling
song" splendidly, and is always safe
vocally. Montanari's Marguerite is good,
and had she wisely confined herself to
roles like this would have been even bet
ter. .But her voice has suffered from the
strain of heavy dramatic roles that do not
come within her vocal domain, and It Is a
pity, for it is a very sweet, pure, round
quality that ' she' has.. Agostlnl Is the
Faust, and though it is not so fine as his
Ferdinand.' is yet a very pleasing perform
ance. His. voice is notably .free from the
"bleat" of so many Italian tenors! "U
Trovatore"- will be the other, bill' of the
coming week, with Salassa, who is bad
ly cast as the Count dl Luna, Collamarlnl
as Azucena, a fine : performance. Bar bar
eschi in one of her best parts aa Leonora,
and Russo as her miniature but vocally
sufficient lover.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Meflstofele" is. much nobler In scope
than . the Gounod edition of the story.
"Faust" ha3 4 in It dramatic thrill and
easy tunefulness, and one truly misses in
"Meflstofele" the "King of Thule," th»
"Calf of Gold," the "Soldiers* Chorus" and
the "Cavatina." But "Faust" is Goethe
Gallicised, popularized,- metamorphosed,
but in no sense Interpreted, which is Just
where Boito comes in. That the Italian
composer dared to produce his "Meflsto
fele" not ten years after the Gounod opera
shows that he was very fully persuaded of
its vital significance and radical difference
from the first setting of the opera. Th»
work has all the broad reach and high
imaginative qualities of Goethe's poem,
and is also* original and beautiful from a
musical standpoint. That the composer
did not always attain his high end is not
to be wondered at, but "Meflstofele" re
mains one of the most Important works
of the Italian school. It reminds much of
Berlioz in places, and the thinness of th»
Tivoli orchestra was sometimes unpleas
antly apparent in its interpretation there
fore. One needs an orchestra of sixty In
stead of sixteen, to get all the tone-color
possible, six harps instead of on« for th«
celestial chorus, and so on. Still, It is all
the more creditable to the house with Its
limited resources to have given bo good a
performance, and one is very glad to get
It even so.
Then the staging, barring a bars and un
comfortable paradise In the . first act— tn
alarming contrast -to the spruce and welt
furnished mansion of the Greek blend that
later appears, be it' noted— Is much mora
elaborate than one has any right to ex
pfcct at the price. The Brocken scene la
a really excellent bit of stage manage
ment, a fine. picture, well lighted, cos
tumed and grouped. So, also, is the Greek
heaven aforesaid, and the chorus in the
market scene gets quite a respectable dis
tance from Its usual indifferent pose. It
has also been trained iiito a real dramatic
effectiveness in the Brocken scene, where
Faust and Mephisto go wandering around
the picture in a quite "Wagnerlan fashion.
It is to.be conceived that even the chorus
enjoys a novelty, and certainly in "Mefls
tofele" there is' admirable material for
their appreciation. The orchestra also
plays a noble part, and Mr. Stelndortt has
done more than well in hia work with th»
opera. The management has wisely de
cided to keep !t in the bill another week.
THE ANTI-TRUST LEAGUE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST ?5, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to W. S! LEAKE, V Manager
SUNDAY .AUGUST 25, 1901
Publication Office ....„....'......... ........ «^|ig^^> Market and Third, S. F.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
WAGNERIAN MARKS
MAY BE DIVERTED FROM
BAYREUTH TO MUNICH.
18San Francisco merchants, creditors of
John Young & Son, furniture dealers at
Healdsburg, filed a petition yesterday In
the United States District Court to de
clare.that firm insolvents.
Petition in Insolvency.
"W. Colverd.
Selection from "Traviata" Verdi
Overture, "Poet and Peasant" Suppe
March, "Wooden Leg Charlie".. C. "W. Murphy
F. Valerga.
Ballet from "Faust" Gounod
Grand march, "Queen of Sheba" Gounod
Barytone solo Selected
Th© park band will render the following
prosramme to-day:
Overture. ' 'Festival' ' Lenter
Morceau. "On the Plantation" Puerner
Fantasle, "Robert leDIable" Myerbeer
Celebrated serenade (for cornet) Schubert
Music at the Park.
The California College of Pharmacy,
which is affiliated with the State Univer
sity, opened for the year on Wednesday.
The entrance examinations will be held at
the college, on Parnassus avenue, on Mon
day and Tuesday. Unusual interest at
taches to this year's work In consequence
of the inauguration of a" post-graduate
course, which will commence on Tuesday,
September 3. The chemical research la
boratory and the advance pharmaceutical
laboratory have both been fitted up to
accommodate a limited number of stu
dents. Additions' have been made to the
equipment of the microscopical laboratory
and library in order to provide facilities
for this work. "While the number of stu
dents who will take this advanced course
will not be large, it is expected that the
work they will do will be of value to
themselves and pharmacy in general.
California College of Pharmacy.
Charles A. Stewart Knocked Senseless
by the Same Vehicle a Few
Minutes Later.
Alfred Dukeshier. a 6-year-old boy. re
siding -with his parents at 310A Clementina
street, was instantly killed at 12:40 p. tn.
yesterday by being run over by car Ivo.
577 of the Fourth street line.
Just prior to the accident the little fel
low was sent by his father across Fourth
meet to get a watermelon from a ped
dlere wagon. Alfred was so eager to get
th* melon that he ran across the street
without looklnp around, and ne was
knocked down by the car, the wheel pass
ing-over his temples, crushing the skull.
KThe boy was taken to Dillon's drug
tore, at the intersection of Fourth ana
Harrison ptreete. but life bad departed
before the drugstore was reached. __
C. A. Ader. the motorrnan of car 577,
Fays that he did not »ee the boy until he
ran immediately In front of the car. The
X.ast Week, Saturday Last Day.
The bankrupt shoe sale will be a mat
ter of the past this Saturday. To-morrow
1500 pairs of ladies' shoes, worth none less
than $2.50. will be on the table for you
to pick from for 25c a pair. Every other
pair of shoes in the California will be
gone by Saturday. Any that is left will be
chipped to Stockton. Better take advan
tage of these last few days and lay in a
fcupply of shoes at the bankrupt shoe sale
of the California, 1506 Market St.. above
City Hall ave.
Two Sufferers From Mob at Presidio
Ask Supervisors to Reim
burse Them.
Mary Powers filed a claim with the Su
pervisors yesterday for $274 45 for dam
ages alleged to have been caused by the
destruction of her property by a mob.
Mrs. Powers alleges that on May 31, 1901,
about 200 soldiers entered her place of
business, at the corner of Greenwich and
Baker streets, arifl destroyed the bars and
counters and the barrels and bottles con
taining liquors, and also broke open: the
money drawer and carried away $20 con
tained therein. •
John Harris also filed a claim for $250
damages alleged to have been sustained
by being beaten by the same mob of sol
diers: Harris states that as a -result; he
was unable ..to attend to his duties as a
member of Troop K, Fifteenth Cavalry,
U. S. A. •
% vt^ i, .• ¦¦¦"¦¦"'• ¦ ¦ .. .
CLAIM DAMAGES FOR
VIOLENCE OF SOLDIERS
SIX- YEAR-OLD BOY
KILLED BY A CAR
brakes were Immediately applied and the
electric current reversed, but the boy was
too near and was knocked down and run
Shortly 'after the accident Charles A.
Stewart, proprietor of the Stewart Hotel,
was knocked down by the same car at the
intersection of Market and Stockton
streets. He was rendered unconscious and
-was taken home fcr medical treatment.
Motorman Adar was arrested ; on a
charge of manslaughter and released on
(50 cash bail.
John Beglnstock, a visitor from Vallejo,
was attacked, by four men on Pacific
street and Montgomery avenue shortly be
fore 3 o'clock yesterday morning. One of
them grabbed him by the throat and
forced him to the ground, while another
cut open his trousers with a knife to reach
the pocket which contained his money,
between $6 and $7. The money was taken.
The robber who had hold of Beginstock's
throat relaxed his hold for and instant and
Beginstock yelled for help. His cries were
heard by Special Officers Sam Daggett, O.
H. Burge and F. N. Haley. The robbers
bolted and were pursued by the officers,
who fired over their heads to Intimidate
them. The shots stopped them. . ' -_
The four men were taken to the City
Prison and were, booked on a charge of
robbery. -Their names are "William Cullen,
laborer; Ted Moore, waiter; John Ryan,
rnarine fireman, and Frank L. Evans,
teamster. The two latter are said to be
strikers. Beginstock, identified > Cullen as
the one who held him by the throat, but
he could. not positively identify the oth
ers;".-.' ¦ " ; ¦ '' ¦ •¦ :;'. ¦ ¦•- : '" ¦
The four defendants appeared In Judge
.Cabaniss' court yesterday.' and after be
ing instructed as to their rights the cases
were continued until August 29. ¦ ..
The- police think the men may be the
four who held up "San Jose Charlie," the
Chinese gambler, in front. of the Hall of
Justice ; shortly :, after,. 2 ; o'clock yesterday
morninc '.. ¦
Is Identified by the
• Victim.
Four Men Arrested and One of Them
VISITOR. FROM VAIXEJO
CHOKED AND ROBBED
Within the next thirty days work will
begin on a large scale on the Plcacho
group of mines on the Colorado River, in
the eastern" part of San Diego County.
There are twenty-seven claims In the
group, that have passed by purchase to
the California King Gold Mines Company.
This company is reported • to have paid
$2,000,000 for the Dorseyand Janes estate
groupa. John P. Jones Is the president of
the company. The mines are forty miles
above Yuma, on the California side of the
river, and are located in what is known
as the White Gold basin. I On the. bank
of the Colorado a 600-ton cyanide plant
will be erected. Eventually. 1000 men will
be employed by the company. The opera
tions will be the most extensive of any
ever conducted on the desert. '
The late storm on Humbug Creek, says
the Yreka Journal, has supplied that
creek with a good body of water, which
still holds out. The cloudbursts made
more. water in the creek than was there
at any time during the winter, and had
the miners expected it they would have
been prepared to work placer claims | for
nearly, a month more. The sluices were
not prepared and the hands had all been
discharged until the winter season.
Water Runs to Waste.
State Mineralogist Aubury gives notice
that the employment department of the
State Mining Bureau will be open about
September 1. Mine owners are requested
to correspond with the bureau when they
need any kind. of labor for the mines,
which will be furnished. The bureau will
make no charge. Those who desire em
ployment in the mines are requested to
register and furnish the necessary Infor
mation concerning capability and expe
rience. The department is for the benefit
of those only .who have the necessary
mining experience to qualify them.
If one may judge by the many prospecting
parties coming and going over the trails of
the San Rafael and the echoing blasts that
dally jar the atmosphere, this section of the
county will soon experience a veritable min
ing boom. Active operations are in progress
at a" promising quicksilver prospect near the
head *of Cachuma. •.
The Santa Barbara Press says:
and there found gold. The mines of the
Mogul district, with the exception of those
worked by the Chalmers London Com
pany, have been idle for thirty years.
Prospectors, according to the Calaveras
paper, are now In all the old workings
near Highland Lakes, twelve miles from
Silver Mountain, and in Green Rock,
farther south. A successful run Is re
ported to have been recently made in Al
pine County on quartz taken from the
Lewis mine, near Markleeville.
The Mother Lode Banner says that the
big hoist In construction on the hill top at
the Shawmut mine will be the largest and
most powerful in Tuolumne County. An
addition of 100 stamps is beinc made to
the Shawmut mill.
Mogul Makes Strike.
The Calaveras Chronicle reports that a
strike has been made in the Mogul dis
trict. A prospector sank a shaft under an
old coal mine not far from Boulder Hill
The Amador Ledger says that. 150 men
are employed at the Oneida mine. The
sixty-stamp mill crushes 300 tons per day
and. the yield is reported to be about $3 50
per ton, which would give a product of
over $30,000 per month in free gold. The
company will soon erect sulphide works.
Negotiations are progressing for the sale
of the Defender mine to W. M. Gwin. A
new corporation has been formed to run
the Horn gold mine in the Pioneer dis
trict, near the. Defender mine.
From every train arriving at Redding
lately, so says the Redding Free Press,
mining men or miners alight, looking for
investments or work in Shasta County.
They are coming in from California camps
and also from other States.
The Redding Searchlight reports that
the Lowden and Friday holdings in the
Backbone district have been bonded to the
Trinity Copper Company. The holdings
amount to about 200 acres of copper claims
and patented ground. The property is
near the Mammoth mine. * '
Two tracts recently changed hands In this
county, which land ¦will be worked in the near
future by dredsrlngr. These purchases are lo
cated on the south side of the Yuba, about
ten miles east of this city, one formerly owned
by James O'Brien and one by.S. Mitchell.
Besides these, several claims recently were
located by Hubert Vischer and associates,'
amounting to more than 1500 acres. The
anxiety to obtain land is shown In two loca
tions made on the same tract by different per
sons within four days, after one had bought
a possessory right from a homestead claimant.
Three dredffera will be constructed by one
company soon and they can be steadily em
ployed ten years to work out -the pay chan
nels of the land recently purchased. A bor
ing machine is at work locating the pay dirt
or travel and when finished a map of the
tract will be prepared showing the course of
the channel, which can then be followed by
the dredjte and worked to advantage. "With
the improved machines and electric power
ground can now be worked to profit that a
few years ago was considered of no value
for mining. ¦ These channels i and pay streaks
can be traced' and mapped In such a way that
capitalists can figure out the income from it
very closely, as well as the cost of working
by dredge process. Between Marysville and
Timbuctoo there are several of these channels
branching out from the old original stream.
These are covered by deposits of debris many
years ago, but the gold is there hidden from
view and It can be extracted by the new pro
cess. This class of mining is not confined to
the river prpper, "but the dredge follows the
pay dirt out into adjacent fields.
The Marys ville Democrat says:
Extending Dredgers' Work.
The Mojave County (Ariz.) Miner says
that Thomas Ewing has a scheme for in
stalling water wheels in the Colorado
River to generate power to operate the
New England and Arizona and New Eng
land and Nevada mines if he succeeds in
forming a combination of the companies
that own these properties. He is in the
East working with, that object in view. :
An expert' will soon go to Death Valley
for the State Mining Bureau to examine
the deposit of nitrates there. If there is
as much of the essential element of blast
ing powders in that section as has been
reported by prospectors," and It can be
transported and refined cheaply enough,
California may be able to afford serious
competition to Chile not only in the mar
kets of this State but also in the world
at large. Now the Chilean nitrates have
the whole world *f or their, market. Great
fortunes have been made by the lucky
holders of stock in companies that have
exploited the Chilean nitrate beds. ' f-^an
Francisco has been a large importer from
Chile, there being some of j the largest
manufacturers of blasting powders about
the bay, not far from this city. . State
Mineralo&Ist Aubury believes that the in
vestigations in Death Valley may lead to
important commercial results. Professor
Bayley will start for the valley next
month for the Mining Bureau, equipped
fully for the work In hand:
The shipment of borax from the Fraaier
mines has been resumed, so .says the
Bakersfleld Californian. Six-horse teams
are engaged in moving the borax to Bak
ersfleld. It is expected that large quanti
ties will be brought in from the other
mines in the Frasier Mountain country
this fall to Kern. A heavy rain has In
terfered with the work of development re
cently.
According to a report in the Union-
Democrat, the Tansy mine, on the east
ern outskirts of Sonora, Tuolumne Coun
ty, has developed a pocket from which
$15,000 has been taken. Out of the same
shaft some years ago A. Colby took ore
worth $42,000.
When the work of Investigating the cop
per deposits of the State is completed the
State Mineralogist will have the quick
silver looked up and there will be a bulle
tin in due time concerning quicksilver.
That will be followed by a bulletin giving
all the information accessible concerning
gold dredging in California. The data
lor the copper bulletin has been nearly
all gathered and the reports of the field
assistants are cominc in. . . v
Miners Surprised by a Rain
That They "Were Not
Able to Use.
Seeking Powder Mate
rial in Shadow of the
Funeral Peaks.
COVET DEATH
VALLEY'S NITER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25i 1901<
19
a medicine or eeal merit.
A Doctor Tells How a Patent Medi-
cine Cured His Patient.
"The number of suffering people ' who
are cured by patent medicines is really
astonishing," said a well-known physician
the other day.
• "Why, don't you know I believe more
people are cured by patent medicines
than by doctors. It is difficult to explain
how some of these medicines do cure, but
the results are so plain we doctors can-
not go back on them.
"Wait a moment and I will give. you a
personal Instance. Some months- ago I
had a patient by the name of W. B. Fitch,
who is employed at the Bay Station,
Alameda, Cal. Mr. Fitch had a bad at-
tack of indigestion and suffered consider-
ably from rheumatism in his legs. I gave
him prescription after prescription, but
somehow his system would not respond to
the medicine and he kept getting worse
instead of better. I could not understand
his case at all. My Ill-luck actually con-
fused me, so I studied up on rheumatism
and even • went so far as to consult a
specialist, but it didn't do any good. Fin-
ally I quit going around to see him and as
he did not come to see me I presumed that
he left me for another doctor.
• "Imagine my surprise yesterday when I
was coming over on the boat to see Mr.
Fitch strong and hearty. I thought, of
course, it was the result of my work and
walked up and shook hands and asked
him how he felt. . „
" 'Oh, I'm all right,' he said, 'but no
thanks to you.'
"Upon further inquiry I learned he had
been induced to take a few bottles of Dr.
Halpruner's Pain Remover, and it had
cured him. How this medicine- could cure
him, when mine did not, I do not know,
but I do know that he had been a very
sick man and here he was perfectly cured,
and he swore Halpruner's Pain Remover
did it. So I am satisfied that some patent
medicines have a good deal of real merit."
Dr. Halpruner's wonderful Pain Re-
mover has cured over 100,000 people suf-
fering with neuralgia, malaria, indiges-
tion, rheumatism, sore throat, catarrh of
the head, throat, stomach, kidneys, etc.
It is also remarkably effective, for head-
acho and toothache, sprains, bruises,
burns, mosquito and flea bites, poison oak.
etc. It .can be taken internally ,or exter-
nally. .
If your druggist or grocer does not keep
It send direct to Halpruner Medical Man-
ufacturing Company, 28 California street.
San Francisco, Cal.
QBaiBHBBaaiBiBBBiBBBBZiaizssaaa23nB&sBBBiagBasiaa
¦ '¦•¦"¦ ' " ' ' ' H
B " . ¦ ' < ¦ -5
B , : j ¦ ¦ g
I AJLCO 1 1 I - s
u II IT I )) ti £\ (rDPlffl (flkCJTl S ¦
m ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦ / ¦ ¦ ¦ . _ tf
I Followed by Correct Treatment m
H . * J
¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ . m
H ¦" * " N ' ' ' "
1 "Weakness." 5
There Is no auch condition aa weakness in a man under fifty years of age, j
S other than general debility. In a stomach damaged by an ulcer or inflamma- j
§| tion, symptoms of disordered function arize. Prematureness, losa of vitality g
5 and the disorders known as "weakness" are but symptoms of some damage to gg
m the reproductive system, caused by a contracted disorder or early dl33lpa- g
S tion. In looklngr for the location of this damage we generally find an en- gj
K larged, swollen and lnflammed prostate gland. As this gland is the very cen- ' g
mn ter of the reproductive system, it can readily be understood that inflamma- Rj
q tlon of it must cause disordered function. These cases are promptly benefited gj
ra by proper treatment, otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse. The ea- B
ra sential point in all of: them is the necessity of the cure of the focus of the *B
» trouble, in the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully treated for a weak- B
£ ness which never existed, when if the damaged tract had been repaired a E3
B cure would have bean the result. In our experience there is no drug in the R
Eg Pharmacopeia, taken into the stomach, that will even benefit this class of H
B cases. Our plan of treatment Is entirely a local one and prompt results are 19
B obtained, as indicated by Increased circulation and return of natural vigor. B
g Varicocele, . |
63 Varlcocele is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels in man. In J
B their normal condition, their function is to carry oft waste material, thus g
B enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking down g
H , of the valves, caused by the paralysis of the muscular coat of the veins, they g
B become dilated and local stagnation of the blood follows. The vital organs, |
3 being deprived of their proper, quality and quantity of nourishment, impaired S
~ functldn is the result. Statistics prove that 25 per cent of the male population g
¦ are afflicted with varicocele in some stage of the disease. "We guarantee to cure g
Ej varlcocele In one week at our office, or. four weeks of home treatment, •with- r
S out the use of knife, caustic or ligature.. We have cured over 3000 cases with- —
¦ ¦ out a Blngle failure or unpleasant result. "We invite correspondence and tha »!
¦ fullest investigation of our methods, and can refer to cured patients If de- ¦
B Colored chart of the organs sent. on application. SB
B Address F. L. TA1.COTT, M. D. f or DR. TALCOTT & CO., $J
m '-...'„ ' ¦¦ - ¦ ¦ 23
¦ ftQ^y ]W«t»lr^f Cf Corner Sixth, n
g Uy C lYlclPtVC L O L»y Entire Upper Floor, g
J Portland Branch, 250i Alder St., \ Corner-Third. . s an Franci«o. J
r ADVERTISEMENTS.
J^^Hpl How would you I
jmH^-jiperfectly well?
{LrSBBeBSff v\ Hi Free rom every physical pain and ache, enjoying" the BI
\^V IS com pl ete pleasure of hale, hearty health. . II
GBSBm LiD 11 * s a P er^ ect physical condition — a condition Jf
By ® II at y° u an<^ everv mem t>er of your family should be II
J&X& ;.'¦¦ iff in and could be in if you would but use the right medi- tjl
™|fr || cine — a medicine compounded of just the right ingred- 1 1
W ients to cure your particular complaint. 1
19 Twenty-six years ago Dr. Halpruner discovered a I
IB medicine that has done more to relieve suffering and I
II sickness than all the doctors in San Francisco— a I,
II medicine of rare curing power — an instantly curing, |
Jg pain removing remedy for malaria, rheumatism, colds,- I
|1 neuralgia, sore throat, catarrh in the head, stomach 1
I and kidneys— a medicine that drives inflammation from |
I the body as water puts fire out in the house — a medi- I
cine that cures you, and you stay cured. 1
Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover is a family medicine of great I
convenience and value. Good for all kinds of pain, sprains, I
bruises, cuts, poison oak, mosquito and flea bites, insect stings. I
Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover is a medicine you can rub into I
the, skin or you can take it internally. It cures sprains by rubbing I
it in, and cures indigestion by taking it internally — it will cure I
¦ sore throat by using both ways. It is a harmless but wonderfully j
1 effective remedy. I
1 Don't continue to suffer; go or send right off to your drug- I
I gist or grocer and get a bottle of Halpruner's Pain Remover. If |
B your dealer hasn't it, send direct to Halpruner Medical Manu- I
H facturing_ Co., 28 California street, -San Francisco, but demand I
a /iblpruner's
Id XZT r « < = k< o r\ *~3 « 7 1 4—^ San Francisco, June 1. 1901. I
IH *^ r&& rtOUlCe. To whom It may Concern: I here- 1
BH If you are safferingr write partlcu- by certify that I have been using a
a m lars of your case- to Dr. W. S. Hal- Halpruner's Wonderful Pain Be- S 1
I U pruner, 28 California street, San mover for the past 10 years and I S S
SB Francisco, Cal.. and the doctor will ftnd It to be all that Is claimed for Hi
SB . 'be pleased to advise you by letter It. SAM'L D. MATER, ¦¦
HD free. 418 California Street, City. SI
f/ts ufl^Sn pEs h£S Km CJ5J kS rBb k^b K^ Iwl \frpj nil Ik| b5m k& ¦ -
" MANUFACTURERS AND RETAILERS"
A \U iQP NX/nm^f! w^° desires the prettiest effect for her prettiest room
J. 1. VV ±OV^ YV KJLlldLl does nQt seIect at ranc j om f um ishin£S that do not
harmonize* She is too clever. She secures a whole host of iJ?as at a store like ours
before investing a penny. She consults our experienced heads of departments. She is
"at home" with us — knows all the dainty artides and the prices, and the little extra
time and thought she has given is rewarded by a brilliant selection and a charming effect,
that will prove a constant delight to herself and friends. 0
Bargains that No Other Store in the World Can Give.
Bookcases and '^^^K')|| § ¦¦ I
UAK UK !ViAnUb.AiNY i^SSlgE^^/ f. IS i \l
tpWtJKJ ffgj'^y^^ffl < Solid Oak, 24 Inches Square.
WOrth$9 -° 0 - W^W^^mi 1 Oak Table, top 24 by 24 inches,
Rflt Cnme flnd SPP nnr hpiior erriAoc f [r^^t^r^'^-y^^r-ri^*^ n handsomely scrolled with fancy molded
DUl tOUlC dUa See OUr Deiier grades edges; undershelf also piano polish fin-
01 DOOKCaseS and Desks. KagvVgg^aaSJ^^iji,' TOii «e3rr i?h; legs new pattern turning and
., 1 11 in 1 J'_ 't*h~1 *g»l!ijjMij ..A*- ¦ Vt— — ¦ .¦ > r— Rain to remember PATTOSIEN'S
. II I I I 4XMINSTER -
$9 50--Worth $12.00. »«•««••*»« Jj 8 fub.^e, Bi^y H
This Dining Table, made of solid ' Cp.^rl»v3v/ • i t »lp *^fS'
oak. top 45 inches in diameter, hand f* Hl^Ss fi3£ ' isPi
polished— special at $9 .50. J? f e£ { \ Qn g |jy 9 f ee f llPp
round. 42-inch top. made of solid gold ££* £\ J> d Ci £^ I 3*3 ST "?<i§S] ImF S SP
en oak— special J7.5O tP^^T^^O
t Special of Couches. /^^^^. $15.00, worth $20.00
$20 Couches reduced to 915.00 $50 Couches reduced to $40.00
fl \\ I $18 Couches reduced to $14.00 $40 Couches reduced to .$32.50
I - / $12 Couches reduced to $ 8.50 $25 Couches reduced to $18.00
!) . |f " 3000 Yards of Drapery Fabrics,
Now $7.50 THIS WEEK !|||gi|IS|i|
We will close out the balance of these For Window Draperies— Furniture Coverings— Hangings — Portieres — Wall'
elegant Corner Chairs at $7.50; regular Coverings— Couch Coverings— Coverings for Pillows— Table Coverings— Rich
price $1000 They were made in our Designs and Colorings for Davenports and Antique Furniture — Coverings for
own factory, upholstered in silk tapes- Window Seats.
try or velour; the frame is cherry and • ALL SO INCHES WIDE.
highly polished. Imported French Art Fabrics. Rich Figured Velours.
" 50 inch. Sold at $1.50 a yard ftSJr Solid colors. Sold at $4.00 a <£•'> Q[»
f ARPFTS .AND —special, a yard OJL yard— at special, a yard... *)iiJJ
W\I\ri-IO niAA Imported French Tapestries. All SHk Moires.
LlMJLtUlVI. 50 inch. Sold at $2.50 a yard* 1 gc Solid colors 5 o-inch. Sold at C1 nrt
,„, tr . flftn -at special, a yard Vl.VD 53-75 a yarJ-atspecia!,yard $2.90
•J Velvet Carpets $1.00 Oriental Tapestries. „. . t . >. _ u . ' ,
Best TaoeStrieS 75 Rich colorings. Sold at $300 ** Qft R ' ch F '9" red Ch ' ntz Velours,
oesi lapesuies d _ at ia , a yar(L> $|.yu 50 inch. Sold at $5.00 i^q- 7 e
Best AimmsterS l.« SHk Tapestries . yard-at special, a yard. . . . 3> J.75
Linoleum. 6 ft. Wide, Sq. yard. . . .40 All colors— 50 inch— large and small Rich Figured Moquettes.
i:« n »fl«t« 1? ft ii'irfp cn vtirA ' 60 patterns. Sold at $.1.50 a Tt New patterns. Sold at $5.00 4* * rtA
LlflOleum, 12 It. Sq. yarO. . . .W y ard _ at , special, a yard. . . V*'£3 a yard-at special, a yard. . 5)4.00
Best English and American 200 prize packages, being reronaots of Velours, Tapestries, etc..
Inlaid Tinnietint Tile Patterns 1.55 an accumulation of a wrjole season from our drapery and up- ftr
inlaid LlDOienm Hie rauerns I.W ho , stery dep artn)ent; va:u« of soroe packages up to $1.50. VhO
Mat Jin? lvC» I5C 9 ZOC, ZDC Special Tuesday morning, eacb package 4.UU
Cor. 16th and Mission Sis, YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S, Cor. Mission and 16th Sis.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILL THE PARASITES
The accompanying: picture represents a man
afflicted with both vegetable and animal para-
sites.' They are the prime cause of dandruff, '
Ios3 of hair' and .baldness.- Kill the parasites
with Dr. Richmond's Anti-Parasitine . Hair
Renewer and Fhampoo with Dr. Richmond's
"Witch Hazel Tar and Sulphur Soap." They are
absolute germicides. They cleanse the scalp
and remove dandruff, while at the same time
they feed and nourish the roots :of the hair,
stimulate prowth and prevent: baldness. The
hair will become rich, soft and glossy: th=
beautiful luster and color of youth will be re-
stored. They not only grow hair on bald
heads, but also restore gray hair to its natural
color by stimulation and not by hair dyes. .
For sale* by druggists, barbers and hair-
dressers everywhere, or may be had direct from
our medical " laboratory, corner Hayes and
Broderick streets. Send for. circulars.'
Call or Address THE ANTI-PARASITINE
HAIR RENEWBR CO.
EXPERT
EYE-GLASS
....WORK.
Oculists*. Prescription ! Glasses
made to order In one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises:
- PHONE MAIN IO.
flDTiriANS^h Z!SAP HlCAPWR A T to.
UPIIUAip PHOTOGf* 5c|£NT|r|C; • ?
642 Market 5t. instruments
UMDCR CHROHICIE BUIL0IN&. CATALOGUE FREE.P. C. Kelly of the Boston Clothing Co.
will, in consideration of the times Just
now, offer to-morrow men's suits far 'su
perior to any worth $18, for $4.65 a ; suit.
These suits are nobby all wool cheviots,
serges and tweeds, in various colors,
check and stripes. All from the Lyceum
Clothing Co., retailed for $18, yet $4.65 will
buy one of these men's suits. From the
same stock- there will also be on sale" 500
men's overcoats, worth- *1S. They, also
will bo sold for $4.65 at the clothing as
signee sale of the Boston, 773 Market . St.,
near Fourth. . ¦ •
Just in Time.
Produces Receipts Which; She Says
Were Signed by. a Messeri-'"
•¦/•; ger Boy. ------
The case of; Mrs." A;; Randhahn.V 1611
Twentieth street, charged, with petit- lar
ceny for stealing $4 75 worth of underwear,
.which she purchased : from ,the | California
Underwear Company, 1 1033 1 Market . street;
was' called in> Judge Cdnlan's i court ;yes
ter4ay, but as i ; the Judge -was sick Judge
Cabaniss continued it till to-morrow." ; Mrs.
Randhahn is accused of. taking the parcel
from Frank McCond. 1 a messenger • boy,
and giving: him the-! choice ¦ of, leaving
peaceably without' the .money or being
kicked out by her husband.- '¦'--.<
• Mrs. Randhahn, who Is only; 17 years f of
age, proclaims her innocence and produces
. receipts for- 53 75 ;and ,$1t purporting, to: be
signed by the messenger. • but ! he j declares
they, are forgeries. , It ; is 'possible * that* a
charge of forgery •¦ may also ¦:: be ? placed
against her.' This Is not the first time,- the
police say, that she and her husband have
been in trouble '-* • . • ¦• ¦
MRS. H AlTDHAHir; MAX BE
CHARGED "WITH 1 FOBGEHY
.Is there anythins on the other side ' which
¦will ' Justify a moderate' uunishment ? No one
could have witnessed the trial of. this case and
escape the, influence which the personal situa
tion of the defendant presented. That Influence
was felt by the jury, and expressed in the ver
dict which it rendered. " The court promised tho
Jury that it would give Us recommendation
every possible consideration.- . • ,
While the responsibility of punishment is'en
tirely with the court, it always feels that the
In addition to the general , view, which the x
court is called upon, to take as to. the nature
of this crime the facts of this particular of
fense are to be viewed seriously. . They Involve,
first, a simulation of the signature of. a judi
cial officer, and, second, . an assault upon the
public treasury. flirt 'TBi^itiftLtV&XPT'Tv
In passing sentence the Judge said:
The Judge denied a motion for a.new
trial and arrest of judgment made by At
torney T. J. Lennon on behalf of the de
fendant, and then Lennon made a strong
pica for mercy, as recommended by. the
jury. -He pointed out that there was real
ly* a' lack of intent on the part of the de
fendant to defraud any one, as the money
had been paid over and the defendant
had received his $2 50 commission.
Daniel J. Sullivan, .who was convicted
by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court on the
charge of forging Judge Cabaniss' name
to an order on the .City Treasurer for $1640
bail 'money on March 15 last, appeared for
sentence yesterday. He was sentenced to
serve six years ln San Quentin.
Jury's Recommendation
Is Heeded by Judge
Lawlor.
SIX-YEAR TERM
FOR SULLIVAN
Attorney . Lerinon asked > for , a stay of
proceedings for thirty days to enable him
to prepare a bill of exceptions^for' an ap
peal to the Supreme Court, which was
granted. L * ¦ . •-. ,,-.,-¦-... ¦•. •
Th at the Jury did not forget Its' duty! under
the law is a source of congratulation. -From the
renewed interest which the relatives of the de
fendant have shown tn him, -that he has been
by this prosecution checked in hig heedless ca
reer and that he cannot gratify-, his appetite for
drink, gives the court some hope for his , ref
ormation after he has undergone his punish
ment. :'- ; '-"^:V- '. . ,•.¦¦:•- , - - .-- <. • . -
suggestion of twelve men , who are fully ' ad
vised of the facts is entitled to weight. It is
clear to the court that, no matter what the mis.
deeds of the defendant may . have been, he . is
not by nature a criminal. -: He represents a case
of utter demoralization due. to an inordinate
appetite for drink. I There was | somethlnK ap
pealing In his bearinc throughout this entire
transaction. The defendant . did not : present
that showing of Insolence , which so of ten ¦ at
tends upon ¦ the commission -of; crimes against
the public treasury.- From the moment he was
apprehended he showed little, or- no disposition
to hold back the truth and during his examin
ation on the stand his spirit of. candor did not
abandon him. ¦- . ' . ...... .-- ¦>,¦.< .,
After leaving the Etrurla, Cardinal Gib
bons, accompanied by. Major. Keiley. . his
life-long friend, drove direct to- Major
Keiley's home in Brooklyn. There he will
remain until Monday morning, .^when he
will leave for Baltimore, where he. will
arrive late in the afternoon. Ten thou
sand persons are expected to be in the
procession which will greet him. Chartes
J. Bonasarte will deliver an address. of
welcome and acting Mayor Williams and
other city officials will assist.. : At the
cathedral Cardinal Gibbons wiir reply to
an address of welcome and 'later he will
review the procession from. the porch of
his home at the rear of the cathedral.
During Cardinal Gibbons' 'tour abroad
Florence, Milan, Lucerne,. Geneva, Lyons,
Paris and London . were' visited by
him. In London Cardinal Vaughan ar
ranged a great, reception,: at which. Em
bassador Choate, Lord L.landafi,> the -Earl
of Kenmare and other notables were pres
ent ¦ . . : . , ...
Visits to Famous Cities.
affairs, is very unfortunate. It injures
the country and before ; all interested
have again placed themselves. on a stable
basis the loss is tremendous.;'- . • ;
Under the direction of Judge Advocate
Lemly, the list of witnesses to be sum
moned before the Schley court of inquiry
is being prepared. An incomplete list wiil
be sent to Admiral Schley not later than
next Wednesday. It is probable that other
witnesses will be added to the list before
the court convenes.
NAVT DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON.
Aug. 21, 1901.— Sir: The receipt of your letter
of the 21st Instant, explanatory of what was
designed by your former letter of - the 13th.
upon the subject of the competency of Rear
Admiral Howison to sit as a member of ¦ the
court of inquiry, convened at your Instance Is
acknowledged. Very respectfully,
. P..W. HACKETT, Acting Secretary.
Rear Admiral Winneld 8. * Schley, U. 8. N.,
Washington, D. C.
6. I ¦ therefore respectfully state that the
department has not put the proper construction
upon my letter when it treated it in the nature
of a preliminary challenge for cause. I could
not challenge for cause until I discovered there
was a cause and the object of my communica
tion, as is evident upon its face, was to ascer
tain if Rear Admiral Howison had made this
statement. Tou will observe in this connec
tion that in his original statement he cays:
"I have made no public utterance relating to
this subject." I submit that his private ut
terances would affect his qualification as much
as his public utterances and my request was
only to have this alleged Interview submitted
for his consideration. Very respectfully,
W. S. SCHL.ET, Rear Admiral, U. S. N.
4. It was with the desire to avoid the neces
sity of making a formal challenge that I re
quested the department to lay before Rear Ad
miral Howison the statements that he is
alleged to have mads and thus give him the
opportunity of such retraction as his Eense of
propriety might suggest.
"I have enjoyed every moment of the
time I have spent abroad," said Cardinal
Gibbons to a Call correspondent t^day.
"My first visit was to his Holiness the
Pope, and I can but say that I was
amazed at the wonderful mental activity
displayed by him. His mind is perfectly
clear and his memory faultless. lie talked
of questions of the day and seemingly as
a master of the situation. Physically he
is a weak man, but this is not surprising
truth of the statements made ln the newspaper
clipping which I enclosed.
To-morrow Cardinal Gibbons will cele
brate mass in Brooklyn in' the home of
Major J. D. Keiley of 213 Clermont avenue,
whose guest he is, and on Monday he will
go to Baltimore, where an enthusiastic
welcome has been planned by the leading
Catholics of that city.
on the Etruria. . For recreation
they sailed on May 9 on the Trave, going
direct to Naples and'f rom there to- Rome.
A month was spent In the Holy City.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— His Emin
ence, Cardinal Gibbons, accom
panied by his secretary, the Rev.
W. A. Fletcher, returned to-day
Commenting on the "fantastic idea of a
commercial 'bond' of the European na
tions against- the' United States" the Out
look says: • r \
"One might. as well try to hang a Vene
tian blind over the sun as to try to ex
clude the influence of American indus
tries from the wcrld. For one thing, Great
Britain would-be no party to the bond,
lor another,' the power of American re
prisals would be terrible. Even now Ger
many is on the. verge of a struggle be
tween classes caused by the proposed
tariff. Under, the German tariff Austria
would ! suffer grievously." .
"They perceive," he added, "that we are
just getting ready, and in no respect is It
likely they, can beat us in the future. How
long can Europe stand to pay a balance
of trade of $650,000,000 a year after all our
securities are sent back? Some able Con
tinental observers to whom I put the in
quiry were unable to answer. x They fear
us." ; ¦ ' . •
LONDON, Aug." 24.— Former Senator "W.
D. Washburn of Minneapolis prior to sail;
Ing home on the American liner St. Louis
to-day said that: he had found considera
ble uneasiness, among bankers and manu
facturers ~on : the Continent concernjng
American competition.
3. In my letter of the 19th •instant I ex
pressly 6tated my opinion of the high personal
character of Rear Admiral Howison and I
avoided any expression .of opinion as to the
2. While it is true that one of my counsel.
Captain Parker, ln reply to an Inquiry made
cf him, did give his personal opinion of the
t.evera.1 rear admirals en tha active and re
tired lists, among- •whom was Rear Admiral
Howison. I am assured by him that he believes
the Secretary misunderstood him that any of
the officers named would be perfectly satis
factory to me. Capisin Parker's conversation
•n-as had at a time when nothing was known
of the alleged Interview as published ln the
record.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 21, 190L— Sir: 1. I
have to acknowledge the receipt of th» de
partment's letter of this date In reply to my
communication of the ISth instant. --
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Hackett to-day received
the reply of Admiral Schley to the letter
recently submitted to him by the depart
ment declining to question Rear Admiral
Kowison as to the authenticity of the al
leged interview ¦with him reflecting upon
Admiral Schley. The reply was sent to
Captain Lemly,- judge- advocate of the
court of inquiry. This means that so far
bs the department is concerned further
action on the Howison incident will not be
taken, that being left to the court. The
correspondence is as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
when you consider that he is at an» age
when a majority who live as lone are in a
senile condition.
Cannot Discuss Philippines.
"I cannot say whether we discussed the
situation in the Philippines or not. A3
to Cuba, that is not in my line. I do not
know whether or not two American car
dinals are to be created. . If I did I do
not think I would be at liberty to state It.
"In Ireland, at Wexford. just before I
left for the United States, I celebrated
mass at the church and later addressed
the Irish people gathered there. I talked
to them of moral temptations that would
beset those who came to this country and
the greater amount of. energy necessary
to be expended in order to me'et with suc
cess here. I urged the Irish people to stay
at home and told them that the same ac
tivity displayed there which they would
need to use here would result in bettering
their condition."
Cardinal Gibbons was asked as to the
condition of the situation between the
steel workers and manufacturers
"I am interested deeply ln this," he said
"I deplore a strike of any kind, and such
a one as this, which unsettles business
Continental Powers Are
Frightened by Amer
ican Advance.
Rear Admiral Writes
About the Howison
Incident.
Distinguished American Prelate Returns to This Country, After
Having Visited the Supreme Pontiff and —Devoted a Brief
Period to the Storied Lands of the European Continent
EUROPE FEARS
TRADE DISASTER
SCHLEY SENDS
AN EXPLANATION
POPE LEO'S WONDROUS VITALITY
A SURPRISE TO CARDINAL GIBBONS
THE SAN FRAKCISCO GALL,i SUNDAY^ AUGUST- 25, 1901.
20
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post et.. £an Francisco. CaL
ErtafclisheJ Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear
T^rite for SO-page catalogue. <free).
HJIMUB SGHGOLandYAN HESS SEMINARY
1843 JACKSON STRFET,
Snn FranclReo, CaL.
Boarding School Tor CJirls. Accredltei by
tadversltlps cf CzISromla and Iceland Stanford
Jr.. also VasEar. Smith and Wfellesley colleces
Beopens Ausu«t 32. 190L
SARAH D. HaMLIN. Principal.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE
1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Grejr;:
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and mort read>
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. %S0. -
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university. law and medical college.:
references. President Jordan or. any Stanford
professor. ¦ Pbelan Building.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL,. CALl
Xtaas Term "Will Commence August It.
Majcr Ceo. C. Collins. Commandant.
EEV. a HITCHCX)CK:. Prlndpil.
#« Ih^^^^^^r^^^^M^l t pniiSi&jnk wfliijf^ I IrI iB*8 h^j hb ' mBm cnuji B3S8 BEsfl Kim iBwi S^i ¦ . G^B B -"* ¦* ¦• ' ¦ ' BBB h£b EBIi fc^^^^^^^^^«^™*^ (^^^^^_ t \ **
<y( A i BB mm mb! eP5 &m bq B8 |^B HBB Km Ksl - ' ' p^Bh ' B Ml HB W8& Bb bbI i^M B8 B<B Sf8 Ssst jP^^By^i^l M ' **^"y*
m+ &J9 iSi v3r K3 i jr»^S(. bHpH K^B gh Eb&i * PSh iRI ~ BBB B^b KB fl tHB > ... MB BWBt its BIB B9S ' 9 IH BSH SrI iy^l ww km * Sfl '19 Pi ici 4 \ \ «%
i I HairT^nW^ll't &^E ONLY PREPARATION THAT IS ! frSwar^nnmSatinMl I
* j nair i onics. j ,..„ th «,, , tup nawnRUFF pcrm I Dowa™ "> imllaTluns. j S|
«§| Hair Tonics should properly be called scalp irritants. — - - - - -VtV .'. ..... V. .. . . . . .... .. t .;....... . . , T T T - T T v, , . . . . ; r T , ..... . , , . . . ? ( No other hair preparation but NEWBRO'S HERPI- |^.
As long as there is dandruff, it does not do the slightest and that actually does kill the dandruffrgerm,' thereby leaving. the hair to grow luxuriantly, as ) GIDE was ever made on the scientific principle of destroy- «^
"&| good to irritate the scalp. Without dandruff hair must, and nature intended, and as hair always will grow where there is no'dandrufiv - ./ % ' \ in g the dandruff germ. Every other well-known hair prep- |$.
fl it surely will, grow luxuriantly, as nature willed. Every in- EVERY PHYSICIAN IN THE WORLD y ' ¦] ' ara^ on waS P ut °° the mar^ before science had dlsc0V ' §*
11 telligent physician will tell you that nine-tenths of all hair W$B that dandruff is the cause of nine-tenths of the brittle * hair, the -falling hair, and, ™/™V I
s * J * , „ v JL , • « finally and inevitably, Baldness. .-'..•.. . ; . ,. dented success ot 11 UKriClUii, there have been, of course, S§.
31% troubles comes from dandruff. You are doubtless convinced • JXV^^'WA.^A'ii -r : ; .-.-::• manv imitators None of these imitarnr« i, Aw . v . r h*v+ «j2_
¦ PROFFS^OR IT1VNA AINirfc D»nPTR€t*5iOI? I FRHllDAiin many lmuaiors. x\onc 01 tiicac imitators, nowever, nave $&
| of that fact. The sensible thins then is to ki.1 the dandruff e |||g|^gS^gg^^Mi|i|^il the U *T T * — fl 1 ! ***» *° P P
| germ, and that cannot possibly be done with hair tomes. ter assistant in the Pasteur Institute > f is _^ nc e, havedemonstraSd beyond doubt that duCe *V" C^"c t^Prr?^ • da ? dr " ff S erm " If " I*
*^J Dandruff is a germ disease, and no makeshift scalp scouring DANDRUFF IS A GERM DISEASE ' is not Mil VViiKUb ±l±LKriUlU£. it won t destroy the dan- »^.
| will do the slightest permanent good. The germ must be The remedies suggested by those eminent i scientists, combined with others discovered after mI^I^X^XT^ ttZrlf^J^ J™ f
| killed, and the only, way in the world to do that is to a continuous year's laborltory experiments, are inNEWBRD'SHERPICIDE-a successful com- y ° U Can " %
a| * bination of two different chemicals being- the crowning laboratory victory in this marvelous scien- P os x v s |O
» [ I & I Ifll ' ' \ tific product. * ' II I III | 0
pse i|lll||I| fi^^^^SB Use Newbro s Herpicide. |
tl 1 BEST AND SUJJTT^l j BETTER THAN ClS71 a || : I j DOCTORS PBESjqffli^f^I | g INVARIABLY ASf^LJ |
M Kewbro's Herpicide Is the best and Having given Newbro's Herpicide a La .Mi B E^&^^ I have ' isei'liewbro's Herpicide 'for After giving Newbro's Herpicide. a *
2 surest cure we have ever had for scalp thorough test, I consider It even better J^-Hil^l ' mm HN f&\ dandruff and her P es of the scal P wIth thorou S h trial » we heartll y recommend I f
]| affections. than It Is claimed to be. >^^ <M I k ill/ 1 * excellent results, and will continue to it for dandruff and falling hair. We do I f
51 I*, oa an ?c« in! Ill n } r i r'n ./' * I" OTW flU : jHftw H * VW recommend It to those afflicted and not have to push it, as customers, after f
| Cor. 2d and Spring, Los Angeles, Cal. Great Falls, Mont. - (lift ffi m ll Prescribe It In my practice. using It once, invariably ask for it. |*
M ——————— — - — — — k JfflWM ¦Rffili * J. F. FUGATE, M. D., BUERGER BROS., ' j|*
it ; ¦ **Jrr%r mi WVnrT* % Urbana, III. 1438 Larimer St., Denver, Colo. §&
: LIKED IN BARBER SHOPS, j GREW NEW HAIR. fUtmtik ffiilw\ - ; : ¦ - J
|| 1 have used Newbro's Herpicide^ Herpicide has entirely cured ' Hi|« SkUmV ! I ACTS LIKE A CHARM ' J 1 POCTORS USE IT. j If
|| than any other hair preparation I ever bottle and find a nice new growth of IwKRS ' % KW WfiM chronic-and It acted like a charm HerpIClde ' The feSUlt I$ &H ** C0Uld &
±s| used. I am delighted with results. hair coming. (PROF.) W. E. SHARP, " producing a complete cure. ' be desired. &
j^j HENRY A - WAY » Musical Director, Orpheum Theater, • " *i W. E. REED*, M, D., ALEXANDER McMILLAN, M. D., * *
. 1 " - : ' • 1918 BousalleAve., Los Angeles, Cal. Lansing, Mich. f
4? 7 ( " TRADE <>^>^^ I^^XAWK« ¦ - \ *> **f
I ONE BOTTLF DANDRUFF K A a'kealthy hair. : :¦:« unhealthy hair. k'lll THP IT* t j ¦ *
|| CONVINCES. JGERM niRFARF 'aasSSStgl ISaagay*; "| nAMnRiiFFrFRMJ 8 TV iO
DR. FRANK WRAY, EXPERT TRUSS FITTER,
Who "has had the largest experience in fitting trusses and treating Ruptures of
any physician in this country during the past twenty years in New York, Bos-
ton and Chicago, has opened parlors for a short time at 26J4 Kearny street,
where he is prepared to adjust his Fidelity Truss to every common or difficult
case of Rupture that has baffled the skill of others to retain and make comfort-
able. The doctor has in his FIDELITY TRUSS the only one that will hold a
Rupture under all conditions, and does it without using torturing elastics, leg
straps or cutting springs; it is waterproof and cleanly, and permanently cures
a large percentage of cases. Thi3 treatment is universally recommended by
intelligent physicians. Dc, Wray fits every truss_before you buy; after that he ~1
guarantees it to hold, or^noney refunded. Not for sale in stores. Call or write '
DOCTOR WRAY,
26^ KEARNY STREET SAN FRANCISCO.
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEY/EDORES,
LABORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages if work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALER? ASSN.,
2O9 Examiner Bldg.
/f^\ Rupture Cured. *
kK. ¦4S Tlje celebrated California In-
fX /^^-SCw Teutor « Cr - fierce, discovered
v Mt< th»t tho onlr remedy for Bnp-
\> ! jfidMa ture is Electricity, and ln per-
¦' " 1 f>^S¥ fectirig his wonderful Electro-
¦ -^V^f ¦ Magnetic Trass and estab-
iPttVVf'^&'SgSsfc liehing its sale thronghont
'" JfflP^l^M^ ' the world, he gave to «nf-
: VAKmilwrMiBHEJKt ferersftomthisdacgerona
maladr the relief and se-j
" '^<^^^^E>" curity TainI I, 8OT1 8 ht *<» 1
*^^^P*lly elBewhercThisrenowneai
. •• •yi'fjf appliance i3 radically dif-
ferent from all others and Its action on tho
ruptured parts Is quick and effective. Cures
accomplished by its use are numbered by tha
thousand. If raptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. 1."
Address Magnetic Truss Co., 1145 Broadway (near
26th St.), New York, or 206 Post St , SanFranciaco.
£B» CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
i Wr-Cj^ttZSBAYJZ. *iw»r« reliable LrndtoCMlrDri^li.
Weak Men; and Women
SHOULD- USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
etreneth to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
Like a.
Meteor ;
Flashing across tho sky— tho |
dash of the ? VV
California
Limited
as it rushes across the contl- i
nent to Chicago. leaves San
Francisco 9a.a Monday and :
Thursday, arriving In Chi- \
cago at 2:15 p. no- Thursday
- and Sunday on tha •
Santa Fe
DS. BALI'S BEINVIGOBATOBBrava
Five hundred re^-ard for any k3a — fe"5
case we cannot cure. This secret £88 BSm
remedy stop8 losses In 24 hours, H - |
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- JE3RI SSg:
cocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains, f£** R7T
Lost Manhood and all other Wast- kvU> ?JhU
ins effects of self-abuse cr excess- £KX j©^
es. Sent sealed, V bottle; 3 bottles, cXXrsr&tirs
£>; guaranteed to cure any case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073ii
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
" m modeled and renovated. ¦ KING. ¦WARD &
CO. .European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
JS to JS week; JS to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates in every
room: elevator runs all nisht.
MARKET ST. Sf.SlSB^
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ifiBQpP^ new and sue- - -
H cure of weak men, I am going to 1
|H give ' away— free — my. appliance to ' I
H any sufferer -who applies -at once. •"• 1
Re *u to-day and I will send you I
M I h . e , a wliance— Free. This is not a I
m trial offer. '.The. appliance Is yours I
M * or the' askinff. All I want you to i
TJ do is to i promise thatwhen you are •/
SI friends . and . . neighbors it was I
¦ . «" e to; my wonderful - Magno II
¦ tlectrlc - ' ¦ADSliance. - Remember, Hi
9 ' a PPl!ance— it is yours for "keeps." H
WE My appliance ..is. the ' one treatment HI"
H . e\>ery sufferer should have. It cures : H
H ,: where air else fails. Positively cures H
M ¦¦¦¦ a » NERVOUS DISEASES and SEX- I]
m IJAL DEBILITY, unfltness to marry,- B]
¦ - IMPOTENCY, VARICOCKLE. losses H
H| and . drains,/: SPERJUTORRHOE 4. " S3
IB RneumatlBm, : Stomach, ¦ Liver. Blad- fjf ¦
I : 5?^ '. and * K'dney Troubles, restores M
¦ '.••;: SMALL, -WEAK V ORGANS." renews iff
M the flre - of ;, youth. Positively cures n
jH the worst - cases. ' ¦¦
M -Will restore -new life to the nerves. H
H , -will make;. you a perfect man, as H
¦ . .'nature Intended you- to 'be. • Write, U •
¦ i'. stating, the facts of your case plain- H
M ly— state • your symntoirs and waist If -
I and .the . ar>r>lfance r will be' U
B sent you free.' Remember. . SEND NO I
B .-.MONEY.- -^Address PROF J - S • Rl
B ; BEECH.:Departmerit 25,140 Ellis St.. MLate Session^ at ;WhicH Instrumental MusicJ
Songs, Recitations^ anci Specialties^ by:
Actors Are Among Pleasing Features
GAY ELKS GELEBRATE
WOODEN ANNIVERSARY
Differences of opinion exist •among'lead
ers -of 'the i labor party.; Strenuous objec
tion' is urged to | the scheme of permitting
Hearst | to nama , the ticket.* '. The. plan of
denying ;'representatlon , on .the" ticket to
those -who : do not ' actually belong: to un
ions is not universally indorsed. Several of
the leaders are in favor of recognizing in
the nominations men who ate not actively
identified with trades , unionism, ' Demo
' era tic '¦ politicians . who " are eager . to '. break
• In- .hope 'that- the' doors* will?be opened 'a
very, little. Dr. vLeland,"-- Coroner, is said
to be ever so anxious to get .the indorse-
Candidates and Politicians Are En
gaged in Sizing Up; tlie Situation.
HEPUBLICAN A»TD. LABOR CAMiP3
-At the -conclusion: of '• the banquet the
room : was cleared and dancing was in ; or
der until the early mornjng hours. u
President of National Schuetzen
Fest Is Honored by Friends at
Eintracht Hall.
Frederick A. Kuhls, president of," the
Third National Schuetzen Bund Festival,
was tendered a banquet by, the members
of the Verein Eintracht at : the Eintracht
building, 237 Twelfth street, last i night.
The upper floor had been transformed into
an elegant banquet hall.' The tables were
set in the form of a horseshoe with Presi
dent ' Kuhls and Captain John.: Hermann
seated where-they .were in view of all the
assembled guests. : : A 9 ¦ o'clock the , mem
bers of the "Eintracht . with;; their ladies
formed a - procession ¦ in . the parlors a,nd
marched into the banquet hall. B Captain
Hermann acted as'maBter of ceremonies,
and in a neat address mentioned the many
good qualities of President Kuhls, who
had • just ' served his : term with ' honor to
himself and his German associates in San
Francisco. ' ¦ ' : ' 5 '¦ '¦ "v.> • .' . ¦".
'¦¦ In. responding ,to the eulogy paid him,
President Kuhls spoke feelingly, . of r the
services rendered him by the members of
the shooting association in bringing about
the satisfactory results - achieved when
representative • marksmen from . all i parts
of , the United' States:: and Canada 1 were
here. ¦ These • sterling qualities I of his I as
sociates, 1 ; he . had .found out -during . the
eighteen yeajs • he - had . served as captain
of the Eintracht. • , - - '
rEEDERICK A. KUHLS
TENDERED A BANQUET
• The" candidates selected are as follows:
*•*"« Mayor— Charles Ames of the Painters',
Paptrhangers' and Decorators' Union.' -
For Auditor — N. C. Anderson of . the same
union. • ... . . •
For Treasurer— Oscar Selfert, ' treasurer of
the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance.
For Tax Collector— F. "W. Slebert of the Ma
chinist*' Union. - ¦ ¦ • '
For Recorder — Emll Roughke of the Bakers'
Union. ' - ¦ . ¦. •
For Coroner— Dr. N.'- J. B. Schultz. - .
,• For City and .-County Attorney— Cameron H.
Kin* Sr. ¦.: • ¦ - . .
. For District Attorney— W. C. Shepherd.
For Public Administrator^:. G. Perault of
the Riveters' Union. > \ ,
For County Clerk— Scott ¦ Anderson of the
Sign Painters' Union.
For Sheriff— John Messer of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Alliance. . .
3 For Supervisors— W. E.« Walker, of the 'Boot
and Shoe Workers'. Union; M. B. Hanson, of
the . Millwrights' Union; I. Rosenblatt; of , the
Tailors' Union; John Carter, .of the Boilermak
ers' Union; Henry Warnecke Jr., of the Cigar
Makers' Union; Henry Hllke'r, of the Barbers*
Union; Lyman Van Alstlne, • of the Boot and
Shoe Workers' Union;* William Costley, of the
Hackdrlvers' Union; Henry Lotzen, • of the
Shoemakers' Union; Frank H. Crawford, of the
CarpenterB'" Union; Oles Gofvert, of the House
movers' Union; l>'.\ W. - Llndgren, of the Bar
bers' Union; George Guthrie, of the Plumbers'
Unicn; Emil Schaerer, of the Bakers' and Con
fectioners' Union; Louis N.Vezlna, of the Car
penters' Union; George Nesblt, of the Tailors'
Union; J. "Mayblum, of the Cabinet Makers'
Union; George Stein, of the' Bakers' Union.
A lengthy platform and . a declaration
of principles were adopted. The platform
deals with local issues entirely. The
building of homes for working people is
urged, as Is also the erection of
ipal building to be known as th V "Palace
of the People," to be constructed of stone
and' steel, not . less than twelve stories in
height, and to contain halls,: meeting
rooms, free library and all other public
utilities. that It might be possible to crowd
into the space to be set apart for the
building.. :.... . v-
The declaration- of principles or mani
festo is intended as an Introduction to
the platform,- and sets forth in detail the
principles of the Socialist party..
The selection ' of two ; candidate: for Po
lice. Judges was passed. as no suitable tim
ber, was available." The. convention, will
take the matter, up at a', later date to be
selected by the City Central Committee.
The municipal convention of the So
cialist-Labor party was held in the Turk
str^t Temple last night and a complete
ticket, with the exception of candidates
for Police "Judges, was named. The only
contest was for the nomination- for Sher
iff. J. C. Lane, business agent I of . the
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance, and John
Messer of the same organization were
candidates for the honor. Messer received
twenty votes and Lane but two. : ; ..
Places Candidates
in Field.
Socialist Labor Party
The Democratic County Committee has
not fixed a time for the convention of
the party to assemble, although a report
was- published that the delegates would
convene ' early In October. Jasper - Mc-
Donald, Gavin McNab and Mayor Phelan
have not decided on any plan of action.
The only thing 1 that seems to be definite
ly settled in the Democratic camp is that
Supervisor Wesley Reed's . chances of
getting the "Union Labor party's nomina
tion for Mayor have gone glimmering.
As a matter of consolation the Supervis
ors might ask; Mr. Reed to preside at
one of -their regular meetings. He is not
likely to: get a closer • acquaintance with
the Mayor's office. .' , - -¦ ¦ - .
Charles S. : Laumelster ' has not boldly
declared his candidacy for Mayor, but
there is some active work in his behalf.
Charles L. Patton, Judge Bahrs and
Auditor Wells are recognized as actual
candidates. . ._ * -
Delegate Fiegenbaum of the Forty
first has come out openly in . favor of R.
H. Webster for Mayor. Beyond all doubt
the Superintendent .of Schools is\- Mr.
Fiegenbaum's "unanimous" choice.
When. Fiegenbaum was; a pupil and
¦Webster a principal in the public school,
the former conceived the notion that he
would, some day, of the dim and misty
future, arise in convention and nominate
Webster for Mayor.
ment of the labor party for another term
in the office that he now hojds.
In the labor camp there are agitators
who are utterly opposed to the scheme of
placing a union ticket in the field, but it
seems to be settled that the convention,
called to assemble at Metropolitan Tem
ple on September 5, will nominate a full
municipal ticket. The story goes that
Hearst will be here' in a few days to size
up the situation and give his advice.
There is -not much activity in the Re
publican camp. Martin Kelly is still at
work on his speech, but is disturbed at
intervals by reports that Herrln and
Lynch, through secret connivance of Crim
mins, are stealing a. delegate here and
there: Boss Kelly professes to be con
fident of his ability to organize the con
vention and dictate the nominations, de
spite the reported organization of the in
dependent anti-boss forces. He "expects
to make Herrin, Lynch and Crimmins toe
the mark when the time for action ar
rives and to openly display their colors
in opposition to the rule of good citizen
ship. - >
The big boss, in the .vanity of his lead
ership, may be deceived as to the num
ber, of his followers. There is a growing
. sentiment among delegates in favor of
smashing all the slates and turning down
every programme proposed. At the pres
ent time* the anti-boss delegates have no
leader, but the progress of events may
develop leadership.- Whatever happens
Kelly will make his speech. If the Re
publican convention ignores him he will
probably get out and .knife the ticket.
He did not hesitate to bolt the State
ticket. in the Estee-Budd campaign.
SELECTS NAMES
OF UNION MEN
son,. T. R. Turner, C. -TV. Nevin. R. P.
Churchill, C. C. Westover, G. W. Bauer,
John Morrisey, M. M. Thall, J. J. Gottlob,
A. Walterstein, W. H. Leavy, H. H.
Campbell, M; Jacob, J. "W.. Harris. Q. 8.
Wheeler C. B. Sloan and Robert Lloyd.
Instead of having but one "policeman"
to look after those who : were to "be fined
by the master "of Ceremonies "".there : were
half a dozen who we're attired in^the uni
form of San Francisco's finest, each wear
ing a star as large as a pie plate.' .
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge of the
Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks was five years old yester
day.'and last hieht celebrated its
wooden anniversary" in -Union
Square Hall., It .was an event for Elks
only, so ssaid the cards' that were printed
"on broad" beechwood shavinss',' and^ohly
such, with a few exceptions, were admit
ted into the tastefully decorated hall.
. There were about 350 of "the b?st people
.on earth" seated at many small tables,
which were used as rests for collation and
refreshments that were served with that
hospitality for which the Elks are re
nowned.
There were in addition to membership of
the local lodge many Elks from Vallejo,
Sacramento San Jose and other places.
At 10 o'clock Thomas Dunne, the exalted
ruler stood "1n a rose-covered bower and
delivered a short address, reviewing brief
ly the history of the lodge, and then bade
all be' merry. Then followed an impromp
tu programme of music, song and recita
tions by professional talent from all the
theaters and it was after 2 o'clock when
the last number was presented. Among
the many who assisted in making the
event a pleasant one were Barton Hill,
¦William McDonald, late of the Bostoni
ans; James Jones, the saxaphone sextet,
the only Cathcart, George Webster and
Zerka, the contortionist. • />
Just before the 11 o'clock toast to the ab
sent brethren there was presented to .the
lodge -a handsome gavel made of wood
taken from the Spanish war vessel Isla da
Cuba, the present beins: from Vallejo
Lodge. It was gracefully accepted by the
exalted ruler. ' \' ' , \~ **.
The invitation called attention, to the
fact that no dress suits -.would be allowed
and that all would have to wear their
wooden shoes and that the celebration was.
to be conducted by the ways and means
committee, assisted, by . other . "wooden
heads." These were J. N. Odell. Colonel
F E. Beck, D. S. Jacobs, C. H. Robln-
STRIP FROM ONE OF THE BIRCH BARK INVITATIONSV ISSUED BY
SAN FRANCISCO LODGE OF ELKS FOR ITS ANNIVERSARY EN
TERTAINMENT LAST NIGHT. - .
W. K. ' Cole/ cashier of the Mint, was
recalled, yesterday. v In Judge Heacock's
Court to testify in the Dimmick . case.
He .was briefly cross-examined by- George
D. 'Collins, . attorney for the < defendant,
in order to. have certain facts appear. in
the '¦: record. ; " Nothing new or interesting
was ' elicited, i Theodore • Gray, chief ac
countant of the Selby Smelting and- Lead
Works, testified that the amount due for
bluestone received by the Mint was usu
ally paid .- in cash, ' but he could not re
member - who paid - it. ¦-. He- was positive
that Dimmick - had ' not " paid ' • him - any
money. -.The examination went over until
Monday at 2 p.m.
Dimmick IMd'Not Pay Gray.
Gillespie took the. stand in his own be
half and repeated the story that he had
told shortly after his 'arrest, which was
that the . revolver held by him ¦ was acci
dentally discharged just as Griffin was
in the act of rising from his chair as he
made a motion, to\draw a deadly weapon.
The Jury, returned a verdict charging
Gillespie -with manlaughter. v Gillespie
was arraigned yesterday ¦ afternoon in
Judge Conlan's court and the date for his
preliminary examination was set v for Au
gust 2S. , / . •- ;.;-,- ,-.¦ ,,:" ;.-•
- Coroner Leland held an inquest yester
day the body .of W. T.jSrlffin, who
was shot ¦ and killed . last Tuesday night
by George • D. Glllespie in -the' lodging
house, 119 Ninth street.
Coroner's Jury Eeturns a Verdict
Responsibility for the
* : Death of Griffin.
GUiLESPIE CHARGED
WITH MAN-SLATJGHTEB
WASHINGTON, Auff. 24.-The War De
partment has received a number of orders
of the division of the Philippines contain
ing facts' regarding the trials of the dif
ferent persons charged with various
crimes from murder to aiding and abet
ting the enemy of the United States.
The most Important Is the trial of BriJ
Haelterman, a Belgian, who was charged
with "relieving the enemy with money lr
violation of the laws of war." In the speci
fications brought before the military com
mission it Is pointed out that Haeltermai
enjoyed certain privileges as a neutral
The specific sum which he furnished th<
Filipinos is given and the dates upor
which the money was furnished.
Haelterman also was charged with fur
nishing the *enemy j with provisions and
harboring the enemy and generally violat
ing the laws of •war. He was found guilt}
on nearly every charge and was sentenced
to death.
The case was reviewed by General Mac-
Arthur, who says that "the sentence is
wholly warranted by the evidence. ~bui
the rapid passing away of the conditioi
of war moves the department commande;
to recommend that the sentence be com
muted," and this is done by fixing th«
sentence at imprisonment for flf teer
years.;,' j- i-
Private" John English, Company H
Fortieth Volunteer Infantry, was con
victed in Mindanao of desertion and Ben
tenced to death. General Kobbe, in -re
viewing the case, says the court-martia
tried four other cases, two of them in
volving the death sentence, and he severe
ly criticized the methods, charging grosi
carelessness 'and neglect of duty. .Unclei
the ¦ circumstances he Is unwilling to In
flict the dfeath penalty and commutes th<
sentence to ; twelve years' imprisonment.
ippines.
flicted in the Phil-
Death Penalty Not In-
MILITARY MEN
SHOW LENIENCY
» A"; - - .,¦¦-.... ¦ ¦ #--¦•¦¦. . „ ¦ ..."
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
21
ADVERTISEMEITTS.
SENT FRELTO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th it
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor .'
¦. . . to Men. ;•'_¦ ... ,
A Free Trial Package Seut by Mail
: to All Who Write. \ v
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy' are being mailed to all who
will- write the. State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who' had bat-
tled, for years'against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute freo
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
frcm any form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts: can -now
cure themselves at home. ' . v ,,'
The remedy has. a peculiarly grateful
effect- of warmth and seems to act direct
td the desired location, giving strength
arid development just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A reouest to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind. ..stating; that you desire one
of .their free trial packages. . will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute-is de-*
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be-treat-
ed. and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured' of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient need'
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to ; write'
without delay.. . . . ..¦•'.: «
j&RADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
? ,.' SANpiTOCO.
To rats* j money - to build a large furnace on
this xnina we will eell treasury stock for- GOo
per ', shir* until, further notice. . 61} ver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock U all' sold, and
luutil, ind ve are now producing; • quicksilver.
Investigate this offer. " *"
;; H. B. BRADFORD General Maaarer. Y" .*
-.¦I - ¦ .- j ? . "XL orth Market wt.;. San ¦ Jose. \
•¦ ProBpectu# | an4 ' exhibits' at branch office,' 413
Keamjr »^7 ;^fi ; B*ranclflco. "'•.¦¦ -;/.-.¦ ¦¦' .¦...*
F.' DE FREITAS, Agent
BKATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREETjJAN FRANCISCO.
THEY WILFgO QUICK.
BE ON HAND EARLY
MONDAY MING.
During: the past month -we have
sold some great bargains, but we
have some sizes of different styles
left and we intend clearing every-
, thing out. "We don't Intend to keep
a pair on hand, and to do It will of-
fer Ladies' Shoes,. Slippers and Ox-
fords, Misses', Children's, Infants*.
Boys' and Youths' Shoes at 55
CENTS a pair. Never were such
bargains offered before.
mm LADIES' LACE AND BUT-
Kk TON SHOES, turned or
rial welted soles. French heels or
w ** low heels, cloth or kid • tops.
Cent* every style of toe. widths
and sizes.
AA wide, 3 to 5. C wide, iH.to'VC
A wide, PA to *M. and 7.
B wide. 2% to 4%. D and E wide. 7
6 to 8. • aad ». "' - ¦ - $
. ES wide. 7% and. 8. .•
r P LADIES' OXFORDS AND
| bk SLIPPERS, In black and
3 1 _ I tan. different styles of toes.
¦ w tips, heels and soles.. Sizes:
3 Cents ' " ' ' '¦'¦¦*• . '¦
H A A wide, 3% to 5tf. C wide, 2^'to 8%.
H • A wide. 3 to iV,. D wide, 2^4 and 3.
R B wide. 2% to 3}J. E wide. 2 to &«4:
¦ ¦ We do. not guarantee to
8 'fill country orders on. any
of these sale shoes. & 3
mm MISSES' SPRING HEEI*
Eg kk LACE AND BUTTON
inn SHOES, cloth or kid tops;
¦ ¦ M v infants' . lace and button
I Cents shoes; youths', boys' and llt-
I tie gents' lace and button. "
1 55c MISSES' SPRING KEELS.
¦ . A wide. 11 to 121 J, x> wide, <13 to V&.
m IVt to 3. and 4 and <H- >
m B wide. 11 and 12, E wide. 11H to 2H.
M ' \ and V£ to 3.- and 4 to 6.
m C wide. 12% to t\i. EE wide, 12 to t%.
H and iVt and 6. and 4'£ to 1
I; 55c INFANTS' SPRING HEELS.
I Lace orvBDtton.
I! ; A wide, 5 to »H- t> wide, 5 to 8. J
Kj B wide. 5% to 8/ E wide, 4 to 8.
m C wide. 5V4 to 7. i
I 55c YOUTHS' and LITTLE GENTS'.
I •¦ Lace or Button. : ;
8 ¦ . B wide. Ifl to 3Vj. C wide. 9 to 13%.
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO,
I 10 THIRD STREET. \
M San Francisco. • $
OCEAN TBAVEL. .
American line.
KrAT TOrC 5GDTHABI?T0!f. toifCOS. PiBll
v " * Etopplnir at ' Cherboure, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a- m.
<;? lyOUls Sept. <|St. Louis Sept. 25
Philadelphia ..Sept. II Philadelphia ...Oct. 2
It Paul- 6«Pt. l*' £ t. Paul... Oct.- 9
RED STAR LINE.
N'ew York and Antwera.
From Sf ew Tork Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Eouthwark ....Sent." 4|Z»<?]a-nd ...a. ..Sept 15
Vaflrrland S»pt. 11 Frlesland Oct. 2
Kensington Sept. 18'Southwark Oct. 9
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coaet. 30 Montgomery st
tSyo kisen kaisha,
QTEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
for'TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioso). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on
day of sal'lnjr. '.
ES HONGKONG MARTJ »*.
Wednesday; September 4. 1901
RP NIPPON MA Rl'. .Friday. September 27, 1801
SS! AMERICA MARU
...Wednesday. October 23. l»01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelrl't and passage apply at cprnpany's office.
«n Marklft street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
ece3Bics.sxo.gs
5. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
¦- Saturday. August, 81, 2 p.' m.
6. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..........
.-. .Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. m.
S: F- VENTURA <vla Honolu3u), for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia...;".... :
., Thursday. September 12. 10 a.^m
i. D. SFSEKELS k ERGS. CO., Ocner&i tgsnts. 327 KaiM 8t
tea'! Pzjssnser Cffia, 643 VpAiI St.. liar la. 7. Pacifis Jt
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA D5 VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Balling from How-
ard % Pier :0, 12 m. .'. , '.
GUATEMALA.*Sept. 3ICOLCMBIA....Sept. 14
PALEXA Sept. 5lTUCAPEL......Sept. 28
Thete Bteamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No chance at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and Mpsencer nff>«'. ?16 California, street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agent*. '
BAY AND. BIVEB ; STEAMEB3. :
FOB Mr S. NAVY YARD 'AND .VALLEJO/
Steamers GEW.FRISBIEor.MOimCELLO
8:45 a. mi, 8:15 and £:30 p. m., except Sun-
aay. • Sunday; >:« a. m.. 8:30 p..m. - : Leavea
Vallejo 7 • av m..- 12:20 noon, t- p. m,. except
Bunday. ¦-'• Bunday, 7 a, n>.. <:15 p. m; ¦ Fare M
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
gee, pier 1 MUslnn-st. flock. HATCH- BROS.
wiiGiliililil
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
* Stearaer* l?ave Broadway
ite E*n FrancJtco:
H^w^_ For Alaskan ports— 11 *. m..
kt^S> 'vcrv P.'fh o«y. Char.pe to •
!S^fzS*5k ccrr.par.ys fleam«rs at Seattle.
l2rf^<W^ For Victoria. Vanoouver «B.
Pt r ;^*j5 Wl r) port Townsend. Seatti».
£»T^!^<2S»" Ttcoma. Kverett. Anacortes
,, , m . er-ery fifth day.
. Charge at SeatUe tor thi»
¦^•tTTSfir.y's rteatners for Alaska and G. 2». «y.:
at Se*tt!« or Teeotaa for N. P. Ry-: at \aa-
-revver to C P. Py.
For Eor«!ki» and Humboldt Bay— 1-»» P- *°
*verr fifth £ay. . ' _ •
For San Dieg*. etrvv'r.t: orly «t Ssrta Bar-
>-«-a Port Lei Ane^e* and RnSonJo fl>o« Ap-
? f.!w>_StesTr.*?r Faata Kcfa. eurflar». 9 ft. m.:
itesnier State of California. Wedncsflays. »
S "f"t Lob Ar«.!«. ostjtnr »t r ™ r i
Monterey. ?»n Pimeon. C»rocw- Port K*T fn *-
?an T.-j> Obirpo). r '» v|r^Sar.ta Barbara
'.vntun.. Hcer'tr*. F.ast Pan P'dro. San Peira
-n4 •Newport <-CoroTi* CTly)-Swamfr Coront.
=atc?v.sv«J 9 b. in.: stearr.er Eonlta. Tuesdays.
' $*?***»»'*«». M«rfla!-Ti5i T?»r. K»n 3g* J-l
rtb«. U*ntlu>. A!t»t». Tj» Par. Sant* Ros»lja
tP4 r.j*yrr>zr Wt.)-1" ». m.. Tth each mnnx
For farther information obtain conipanjri
"TTi7%r,rrr*-T re»crv«. IV neM t« rtj-"«-
««»T.»r«. «-RiHrr d»r« nn^ hour* of eaiuas
TrcKr-T oprirf;.^ New Mcr.tptsraery :
O. R. & A/. CO.
PORTLAND. Or.,
/.,.,» -«-r-t Rnll U"' Portlai t •¦» -^
ic'nf«. -" -~ *• -- -•••~-^«"»5-» —it -3i;. -•;
IjOWKST KATES.
tTTfiryu TICK5T5 IKCLUDi BERT2 tci HEAL1
Fs,\}« Aug. 3. SI. S*Pt- 19- *°
F»<1« auk. 26. Sept. S. la. 23
D V.'.'v.lTC.Hrnr'K.aTZS.Aet.A Montgm'y. S.F.
"PANAMA B. R-
to hfw y'R< vi\ p»Kim nnr.f;
Cabin. J105: Et*erage. ?48: Meals Free.
Fro^i feawcll Eecticn Xo. V' 1S&&
K. l.;e'niiw ''.?'''* • *?4«
6. S. Ar-4v!J *-1 * . Sept.
From Howard street it 1 p. a
Fr-Icht m<1 Piwenrer O^nce. S30 Market «t.
F. F. COXXOR. Pacific Coatt Agent.
C0KFAGKI2 GEKEEAt? TBABSATLiKTIQUE
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
every Thursday, instead of <&£f£jG&
Saturday at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. ~^»uv**
,Korth River, foot of Morton «tr«t; La
Eretagne. August 2»:'Ia Champarne. Septem-
b»r B; -La Savoie. September IU •L'Aa«»tatne.
6eptember IS. >..¦ ¦¦'. - ,- *"1
Flrrt da*« t« Havre. «70 «infl upwftrd. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
rRAL, AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
*CAKADA 22 Broadway building).
Xew Tork. J. F. FHOAZI & CO.. Pacific
Coa.»t Agent*, 6 Montgomery »»«iu«. San
Franrisco. TickeU eold by all Railroad Ticket
>tir*>nts.
'•Twlfl icrew Express Eteamere.
Kearny and Sutter Streets
; ADVESTISEMENTSL vV - -
Decidedly the. Greatest of All
Lace Curtain Sales
High- Class Goods Reduced Away Down in Price
We have done a phenominal lace curtain business. A great
many broken lines have accumulated, in one, two, and three
pairs of a pattern. We are going to sacrifice them away
bdew actual cost in order to ciose out quickly.
Sale Commences To-morrow, August . 26
and includes some of the finest of imported goods in Point de
Calais, Brussells Net, Irish Point, Battenberg, Marie Antoinette,
Swiss Lace, etc. A rare opportunity to secure handsome
curtains for parlor or dining room at a very low price.
Note the reductions : ' •
Keal JLace Curtains
Have been $9.75, $12.00, $15.75, $18.25, (j;
and $19.75 a pair, reduced to *p /*5
Fine Lace Curtains
Have been $8.50, $9.75. $11.25, $12.50 - (Ps v
and $14.00 a pair, .. . reduced 'to 30.7 S (
Choice Lace Curtains
Have been $4.25, $4.75, 65.00 and (£
$5.75 a pair, ;; y reduced to 4^3*5^
Novelty Silk Waists
At $4.50 Each
New Goods at Clearing Prices :
A fortunate purchase, or we could not offer them at this
price. Entirely new goods, made strictly up-to-date of .
superior quality Imperial Silk, Prettily tucked front and .
back, with latest collar and newest sleeves. Excellent variety
of colors: White, Pink, Light Blue, Rose, Green, Lavender,-
Cardinal and Navy Blue. To-morrow's special price while
J. B. Corsets
At $1.25 a pair
The J. B. is one of the best wearing, finest fitting and most -.
comfortable Corsets in the market to-day.
The special we offer is in the latest Straight Front Shape,
full gored and bias cut, with LOW BUST AND LONG JilP;
ccmes in colors: Black, White and Gray. Experienced fitters
are in attendance to show and fit them. Special Value
price $1.25 a pair. - ) . ,;;- :; - " -
New .Fall Gloves _, .
Just Received —
We are now showing a most. complete stock of Gloves for
Ladies, Gents and Children. The best manufacturers, such
as MAGG1ONI, TREFOUSSE- and DENT, find it worth *
while to give special attention to our- needs. We get the
choicest of theirioutput. ¦¦ \- • • .-, -
Neat fitting gloves of all the latest shapes, shades and N
materials, $1 and upwards are here,- For instance:
Ladies' Glace Kid Gloves, 3; clasps /"Maggioni"- with Paris
point embroidered backs, colors; Tan, Brown, Beaver, Mode,
Gray, Pearl, Butter, Blue, Green, Black and White.— $1.50
a pair. Every pair fitted and guaranteed.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. / | JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. ; "
I HERE WE ARE AGAIN, j^^ EXCLAMATIONS OF SURPRISE ! WINTER 600DS ARE COMIHG. , I
1 lZ° t?" oS?" Ve'ck"- When you SM this drummer's- '^ V SUMMER GOMS M'"!T G3. I
H WEAR DEPART- sample line of 3LADIES' AITII 225 LADIES' PER- €f*i • H
H ' •iS^mShi'niSi " e ™»de il\ CHILDSEN'S HOSE and MEN'S CALE WRAPPERS *J H
H collar comoinea, maae /'HivA • *<*«¦».* ~. . M»rf« of "Rv«»n.*>i r-£H£t-^ 53
ES of the best quality of M\vS ¦ SOX. They are made of the ~^ a , o ?LtJa *«? &&$&) %
M wash lawns with white t \k\ fi nes t cottons lislp«? and rash- Percale > striped dot- r^CTnT S
SI centers and colored /¦ Ai \ ,nnest cottons, lisies ana casn- ted and figured ef- WsrfJ/A II
ftS borders and dotted cen- /¦ M \ meres. Perfect in every detail. . f ects, tight flttin? S
m ters with white bor- / 7MK A Double heel, toes and knees. Fast lining, epaulette over VmW£>r\ i
I to ra kdd cwo to aSy .'f #1 J Colors. We bought them for less the shoulders, trim- faff I iTCgte I
I R 5 °!? n . be . r^ 11/ W f an .f»* to manufacture them, as If 1
B " . he didn't want to pay the freight deep flounce, bottom. 7/f/I/|lW3 $
H More good offerings in the same in takin ~ them back East> full widths, all //§ a' \\vML *|
H department.- ¦ ¦ lengths. Tour op- fa m m lira *A
H t* .=, +u~ Z-^r-n^TT r-«n a^ ™ a a a n t Men's 2Oc Sox, sample price. 9c portunity • to buy // 8 3 /\\W H
Eh It is the new Derby Collar, made of _ , . ' r r $1 50 wraDoers for >l # I \St S3
M black satin and black velvet, finished Ladies' 20c Stockings, sample * ""pp^s xw... . \J£ M
¦ with piping of white, also a gilt -nrice • IOp """y • wow i nj
: M buckle which sets off the collar. f v " " ''"¦' '''"'I x , ' • . -^ 9
la Still one more, the same style as Children's 20c Stockings, sam- mn vni , « g|
H above, but in black and white polka • -nle nrice 'C~' L Vi' 10c • »*IU TUU r if
M dot. which is in such vogue now. Your * ". V** -v- „;!, „ . . . - -v t H
M pick of either this or the one above. There are no two alike, so if & s ; h^" T™Minp b Tft U T S ' I
| The little store with the little pri^e „ yQU buyin& ftny nogiery |f IN^ se torcScw^ nS^TIwS: H
I •••-•¦•••••••••••••; •••••-.••- be the early bird, and it will pay get^ot' tht I 1
K PA1 imDUIA U/nUCM AIWAVC m TUC y° u for y° ur trouble. Insertions-and that is the price-and H
ffl UAUrUnNIA VYUMtNALWAlO IU IHb - that's what we have marked them. H
m .. CDHUT " - • " They range from, one-half to two £3 .
¦-H- :¦ .rnUllli linw IC VnilD TIUC Tn OIIV pnoeCTC Inches wide. None of these Insertions r
1 And this time it is a HOSE SUP- " U " '^ TUUH IIMt IU BUY lUHdtlb. have been sold less than 20c and as U
m PORTER, patented bygone of our own. You will need them short- - ™ sh a3 J D °, ( ;- , we ™« k a P rfce B
m It Is called the Foster Hose Supporter, ly for your winter dress. rt£b ..- w ® mark u low » so « v* 11 be »ur© to I
E| It is the only supporter that curves , but you will never buy fiaaV * K
H ¦ the back - in- at the waist line, giving, them at these prices again. : tSTx " * H
ra the correct standing position. It forms 365 pairs of the" NEW jc C ., ..... _, _„_,» Q
U a perfect body brace. It has four all DIANA C O R S E T-lt is >a^Oe GLOYES. GLOVES. B
M lisle thread elastic bands. -These are made of flowered French /ig. "*J • «. .. *Q
m attached to a sateen pad, lined with batiste, new straight front / /TfTiJaRa • We fit them.. .We war-.^Pr' ">C"> A
H fine white lining. Why not have the shape, with rust-proof front \OjS>c? rant them We mend"t&C=Einft S H
m proper hose supporter at this low steels, low sloping bustAr<M i; ¦ :'„ ";i" ,JT_J "i,". tfl|g — [fl P M
M price? 50c. back is 9 inches long, front them-.We clean them free **© IH I m
aS . 11 inches long, lace trim- That is more than any flllf ¦
m nnimp.ri.A nFii»>ripii« med to P and bottom, finished with an house in Frisco would *'* r ¥»
M BEAUT FERS. BEAUT FERS. inside extra strong tape, which pre- dare to do. tl
,H uun T ' uunuiiiiuiiu. yentg from stretchin&> It ls your Here ls one Qf our offerInss for tjj, . ¦
B • ¦¦ We believe in supplying the shopping opportunity to buy them at this week, and a good one: W
fil Public with what they want for even price v 5Oc Ladies' Walking Glove, made of ¦
• H less than they are willing to pay. All WHEN THERE IS ANYTHING Picked French lambskin, pique sewing; o
SB-, women are looking for bargains, and NEW pertaining to the form look to Paris point stitched back, patent one- S3
ga here's. one that will cause a flutter: Joe Rosenberg's store. This time it clasp fastener, made in all the newest M
fig • 897 yards VEILINGS, made in all the j s a WAIST AND CORSET COM- derby colors. Our way of selling th© 0
-H: newest meshes, in- dotted and cross- BINED It is just the thing for in- best for the Ieast7 -81.QO ¦
9 •bar effects; also the new black and va iids or people who cannot stand the , S
.H- white changeable veil. We are price pressure of a corset They are made f U
» cutters, that's the reason we are sell- of the best imported sateen; come in HAVE YOU EVER ATTENDED A RIBBQH 1
Sing for. half of what others ask. 25c drab and black, steel or buttoned n «"- IUU « tn MMLnUCU A niSOUn B
ffl '••¦¦".'.¦¦. ., front; also have side steels; front or - SALE AT OUR STORE? 3
tt ; ; .;i,. : F :, _„_ „-,„- „- «..r side steels can be removed or replaced „ w""-*- «• vuu wiuuu i a
¦m TWO FOR THE PRICE OF ONE." without injury to the corset. Health If so, you know the values we give. g
W ¦== '{'a ¦¦'¦ f Ti mr«. wAWTOnrw and gOod flgure for Only 81.00 5000 pieces of ALL-SILK TAFFETA 1
¦B'r.Lw £ « "^ «t ra flnfi^?ri Safe O'Fnrrell-sireet entrance. RIBBON: the good quality, the kind |
•S3 i-xUlxii-r H, iuEuc oi extra - nne anu . ¦ , that ¦will wash" food lu^tpr* *»nlr\T«« E
. M strong lawn, in the newest Swiss de- WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED the cream, white, pink. blue, red t oranle I
. H signs, open and^ closed patterns, but- NEW FALL SHAPES of the LA black and many other colors. 1
H tpnhole edges; the kind that will stand VIDA CORSETS. They, have created wS r kT 1
m washing. is no better value of- a sensa tion already among the most width No 12 oU ' 'I
M fered in Frisco... lS^c fashionable women of the world. They .. W S?- % |
M. ¦-¦... ' ¦ • . are made of the finest Italian elbth, ¦<,,.. ™ tn 22- 12%c. |
ffl «-••-¦... „..,.„. boned throughout with genuine whale- . Ribbon bows made free by expert B
H CUT PRICE IN NOTIONS. bones, double side steels, hand gore'd, bow-makers. ; I
: | ENGLISH WHITE TAPE^five in a More than eren exchange for your money ]
W bunc^......... /....".¦...•.•••• oc bunch the flnest French maker we can fit 700 pieces of BLACK VELVET RIB-
m HOOKS AND EYES, white or black you to per f ec tion with the La Vida for BON, satin back.
m en , ai ?SLvv-a •^•i'VV-'i??^ T^= Just one-quarter of what you have . Width No. 1, 10 yards to a piece.Vr-J
H HATPINS, good jet, long steel been pay ing S3.5O IKc piece. f
' H^^^LVpCATEbsSAFE^PINSi Corsets fitted- free by expert corset- titters sOc'Sece?' 2 * " 7ardS tO * PleCe * I
H large and small sizes 3c dozen . ¦ • I
I irir DflQCMDCDp sie market street
¦¦J^^^^.^yS^aJaffS-JUt KUa t Rut lib Bnnnlng through to 11 OTarrell,
I P o^t°?s P s^ Mail Orders Solicited. " ., PHELAN BUILDING. '. " IPacific Parlor, fifty members; Golden Gate,
ISO; MiEsion. fifty; San Francisco, fifty; Rlncon,
100; Alcatraz, ninety; Olympus, fifty; Marshal,
fifty; Halcyon, twenty-five.
Mr. Mulcreevy stated that by next
meeting he will be able to report the ac
tion of the other parlors.
It was announced that the artillery bat
talion, having accepted an invitation to
parade in Petaluma, will not be able to
take part In the San Jose celebration.
The action taken at the previous meet
ing refusing to allow a reduced rate to
military companies was rescinded and it
was decided to aIlo\V the rate asked, bo
that any company of the National Guard
in this city that desires may act as escort
to the procession In this city and in San
Jcse. sarBB v : ; v .- .-
The secretary was Instructed to notify
parlors whose committeemen have not at
tended two successive meetings that if
6uch are not present at the next meeting
they ¦will be dropped from the roll.
The announcement in one of the even
ing papers that California Parlor intends
to take part in a celebration at Redding
was pronounced a mistake.
It Tias dedded that the procession will
move from Native Sons* Hall at 8 o'clock
on Saturday, the 7th of September, , will
move along- Mason street to Market, down
Market to Third, along that street to
If a word to the.wlB8.la sufficient most
clergymen must 'consider their congrega
tions foolish, , : • ' ' %
-• Trapper* ¦ Oil eurei rheumatism and neuraljla,
DruKKliti,-80o flask. Rlehardi & Co., 404 Clay. «
Fast Supreme Master "Workman WV H.
Jordan; Past Grand Masters J. N. Young.
Charles E.- Snook, George H. Bahrs; Ed
win . Danforth ,*, Grand. Medical, Examiner
James L. Mayor, Grand .Foreman Dr. F.
"W. Browning. .-ex-Gr%nd Recorder D. S.
Hirshberg and ex-Grand Overseer. Herman
Schaffner have . been selected ¦ to • address
the lodge at various times between the 2d
and. 23d of September..-. • ;'. -
In order to enthuse the membership with
the idea of making the celebration one of
the -largest and "grandest that .has ever
been arranged for in this city, by this or
ganization a number of prominent speak
ers have .been secured to address: the
lodges during the month of September.
This is to'be followed by a meetinefor
members of the order and their gentlemen
friends • on the 26th of September, that to
be followed by an open meeting and en
tertainment for ladies, and gentlemen one
.week later. • . ' ¦•¦¦..
The officers of the general committee are
TV. H. Barnes, president; M. J. Blackman,
vice president; Frank J. Maguire, secre
tary, and James Lee, assistant secretary.
¦ The date for the . celebration is October
2S and it is suggested that, in view of the
fact that at that time A. C. Harwlck of
New York, recently elected supreme mas
ter workman of the order, and W. A.
"Walker, , Junior past supreme master
workman, will- be in. this city on a visit,
all the local lodges shall between the 1st
of September and the latter part of Octo
ber add as many as possible to the mem
bership of each and that on the 28th of
that month theyiew members, possibly 300
or 400, shall be invited Into one of the
large public halls, ; where they will be in
troduced to the visiting officers and that
the supreme master workman shall pre
sent to each his certificate of membership.
There will be a programme of entertain
ment for the. new and the old members
and their friends and possibly a dance to
close the. evening. Several . plans have
been presented to the executive committee,
but as yet no action has been taken upon
them. . One is to have a large class of can
didates for initiation 'at one time in the
presence of. the supreme officers and if
possible have them assist in the -work.
If that should be "determined upon- the
ritualistic and floor work will be done by
several : teams, who shall compete : for
prizes. . ' ¦¦
Committee on Entertainment and Speakers—
W. H. Barnes.- chairman; C. T. Spencer, F. J.
Magulre, -William Hansen, E. C. Stock.;..
Committee on Halls— A. M. Armstrong, J. B.
McDonald, J. K. Knowles, R. Isenbruck. D.
McSweeney. *
• Reception Committee — L. M. Manzer, chair
man; Robert English, J. H. Padkin, Jchn Dan
ton, G. J. Gorrell, J. D. Shaylor. Otto Herzog,
H. Grimshaw. W. W. Allen, H. N. Hall, J.
Bowman, Charles .'W. Saunders. A. Levy, H. P.
Thomas, H. J. Mack, E. A. Baumeister. H. K.
"Waterhouse, ¦William Hansen, J. F. Walthour.
T. A. Farless Thomas Griffith, James Wallace,
J. J. Wall, D. Sewell, G. M. Lawton, Joseph
Smith. C. ! J. McCleur, C. F. Kimball, W. O.
Zahn E A Dunn, D. Keefe, A. J. Bootz, Lee
Hamlin.
Committee on Prizes— M. J. Blackman, chair
man; John T. Kidd, -W. C. Crowley, Julius
Meyer, H. J. Strowbridee.
Committee on Publicity— N. Fallack, chair
man; John Henderson, Martin Glennon, Frank
Norton, John Druesdom.
Committee on Printingr-C. T. Spencer, grand
recorder, chairman; W. H. • Barnes, deputy
grand master; E. Danforth, grand lecturer.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the general committee that has charge
of the preparations for the proper observ
ance of the thirty-third anniversary of
the foundation of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen at Meadvllle, Pa., by
"Father" Upchurch, the following sub
committees were appointed to have charge
of the details of the affair:
Preparing.to Observe the
Anniversary of the
; \ Fraternity..
ANCIENT ORDER
UNITED WORKMEN
Suits for divorce were filed, yesterday
by Frank "W. Streeter against Annia W.
Streeter for desertion, Maren Kiphen
against Valentine Kiphen for cruelty,
Henry T. Hock against Suaie Hock for
cruelty, Hubert Dagnean against Eugenia
Dagnean for cruelty, Robert E. L. Rollins
against Mary I. Rollins for cruelty and
Minnie J_.ukrawka against • August : L.u
krawka for desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
paper * carrier,', when the /accident- * hap
penedJ">; He : : tried', to. cross -the. Btreet,- but
stumbled and fell in front "of the- moving
caft »S The" grlpmanr J- H.> Furges,> saw, the
boy /fall. 1 -but. too late." to i prevent the ' acci
dent.' i,He' released- his clutch on the cable
and , applied- his brake as quickly as pos
sible,' but;bef ore -the car could be brought
to " a'-'standstill Christian had been man
gled beneath the dummy. -
•--.The, youthful victim resided at ' 1219
Kearny street. ..The " body • was taken to
the- Morgue. ; .
Christian .Wyss Jr.,. 8 years old, was
killed by a Union-street car on Montgom
ery avenue near Kearny. street last even
ing. The lad's head was crushed under
the dummy and, he died almost instantly;
, -The ./ boy ' was " assisting his father, •, a
Christian Wyss Jr., 8 Years
Old, Is Mangled by Iron
' "¦¦': '¦-["- ; Wheels." 3: \;-. ' -' ''
Little Boy Falls in Front
of a Union-Street
v ' _Oar.
MISSES FOOTING
AND IS KILLED
NOT SEEKING
A SEPARATION
Has v Returned to
-San Francisco. -
Mrs. Dinmore
Story of a Marriage That
¦ Caused Much Comment
: * at' the Time.
Among the.flrst- of. the overland's pas
sengers to arrive, at the Palace last even
ing was >.& dainty little: woman. 'attired in
a| great Gainsborough 1 hat,: a long silk
: traveling. 1 ulster *and' aJ^profusion, of: dia
' niorids, ¦ that'vmade her j scintillate ; like , a
idrugstore window on a foggy. night. .She
•looked' like ¦ ready- money, and the. clerk
loutedjlow as he handed? her the register
and; stood -ready ;to >place -the be.stf: suite
i^ . the "house.; at ': her . disposal; \ When ' he
,' saw; . the ; name,-,' ho wever, ¦¦••; he'.i was forced
] : to regret, that .' the i big - hostelry, was * so ,
completely '¦. filled that there was I nd^room
;ln the entire house :for the 'charming bit
of femininity'that had signed herself Mrs/
Madge C. Dinmore. From the Palace' Mrs.
! Dinmore- went- to : the Grand.t- where : she
learned -'that the' same; congestion'- pre-.
vailed/ arid i'then-. tol the LJck,:. where she
succeeded In getting'a room. :••"..¦;<
• Mrs.; Dinmore; is the wife -of Walter 'B.
Dinmore; and has a. marital history which
though short 'is* nevertheless replete
incident. 'She. was first known tothe'peo-'
pie of this* city as^Mrs.N.iH.'Corie, the
beautiful -.widow of aiDenver> mining ex-,
pert..- She ..was reputed'' to ¦.-be. worth'- all
kinds of money and was showered-with-at
tentions-.by the gallant, swains . wherever
she : went. -Walter: R. Dlnmore, ' however,
was the:, victor- in -the, race, arid - the. mar
riage was celebrated on- February. 12 of
this ' year. ¦ .< v ¦ :¦¦¦•...•, "¦'•: ¦•.-: '¦¦-¦"..¦.•.• --..¦ ¦¦:•¦.-'¦ . •
\ At the time 'of i the wedding ., Mr. -Din
more, the groom, was in" a. tottering state
flnatncially, and - at . the ceremony -deputy
sheriffs . were as» plentiful . as. guests: .They
had .arrived, to attach the and
gifts, 'which- they did as soon as the nup
tial knot, was .tied. •: ' - ¦ ; •¦'.
: This /was hardly;.what-: the *» bride ¦ had
bargained'.- for, ¦ as: she had ..figured -upon
her. sweetheart and .husband' as, being a
man possessed, of as .much money -as he
supposed she Was worth. Iritead of being
the mistress of a thousand acres she found
herself tied to a man whohad^not'a cent
In the world: and was being sued for the
clothes in : which he > was spliced.' It was
a . desperate . situation for one poor, little
woman to confront." She did not' confront
it. : She simply packed, up and >' left,.-. and'
rumor has -it that- one Van Praag, \ her
husband's best. friend and chief witness at
the nuptials, "left on the<same train with
her. :¦• About ten days _¦ elapsed : from the
date j ofr , the., wedding to the time of the
departure. •> :.¦-.•< •..-!¦
; The story, created considerable comment
at- the. time -and the general impression
.was that- both bride and" groom* had been
the victims ¦ of a mutual exchange of gold
bricks.;. Dinmore : took his loss philo
sophically * and : turned his < attention • to
an insolvency suit,' believing, his marital
incident closed. ¦ ¦ :. ••¦ ¦ .'¦ ' - -^ .
; Now Mrs. Dinmore returns' here looking
lovelier and more prosperpus than ever
and gossips are wondering what will /be
the next move in this curious game. The
lady had nothing to say last night be
yond the fact-that she had been enjoying
herself in London and Paris and that she
had stopped long enough in - New York
to take a few falls out of Wall street. She
sald : it- was her: Intention • to spend her
winnings in travel and that she would
leave this week for Honolulu. -She denies
that shceloped.wjth Van Praag and says
she has neither heard or seen anything of
him since she left San Francisco. . • •
¦ Dlnmore, the husband,, is living 1 at the
Palace and refuses to discuss the matter
in any way whatever. His wife says she
will not now apply for a divorce, though
what she will do in the future is another
matter. . From her general remarks last
night one would get- the- impression that
she regards. the. whole matteri'as:a great
joke. In. which her spouse had hot figured
in the role "of . a'; perfect gentleman • w"lth
an unlimited income. -'":•¦; •„•': v !53Kr*S
Death of Williamt McKinney;.
. CAHTO, Aug. 24.-MIlllam , McKinney ¦; .a
wealthy/, pioneer stock! raiser* of' Mendo
clno County,- died to-day. ,He was 73. years
old.- a f native* of "England* and -came. -to
Northern .California; In 1858.* ¦¦ ' *'. /
Widow ofDepeased Jur
ist Dies at Alameda \
xioniG. ; ,
For a Month She Continues
to Sink Despite Doctor's
EfiForts. : ; ' ¦
Oakland Office. San Francisco'. Call,'
. i 1118 Broadway, 'Aug.' 24. .
Hrs. Sue Virginia Field; widow of -the
late Stephen J. Field, "Justice, of • the
United "States- Supreme . Court,\> passed
away this morning | at ; 11 ¦ o'clock." at ' the
home of her sister, Mrs. 1 George E: Whit
ney.'of 576 Eighth street. ;, Mrs.,: Field . had
been failing rapidly the last two or! three
days and her death had been hourly ex
pected, , - t .:.';: .-.. /. ' , .¦ ;•¦ V .".yyVf >¦.'-¦>'•;
The immediate cause; of ¦ Mrs. ; r Field; s*
death was heart disease.* She .was ?ap-'
parently : in good, health when'- she^ came'
•to Oakland in 'May last fr,om-her hoiiie
at Washington, D. C, to pay : her sister
visit. She, was greatly affected: by the
death of her. husband, . v which\. occurred:
two- years ago ; in : March, but her -grief
had not made any. impression upon -her
vitality. She was bright- In 'spirits Vand 1
though erijoVihg her visit,, looked forward
with -pleasure . to' the time ;.; when ..she
should return to -Washington. . ;. . .,
¦About ; a _ month'. . ago ;Mrs. ,Fleld . was
suddenly '."..-stricken -with heart '•: failure.
She was .compelled to keep her bed" and.
summon medical aid. ',. Even" then ; it >was
riot" supposed that sheiwas- fatally.' ill.'
Tlie physicians , encouraged . her. - and
promised that ' she , would have a , speedy,
recovery. .Instead of .recovery,- however,
Mrs. Field's • condition ..took a turn for
tna'.worse and -soon ¦'£. became .alarming.
Dr.. J." Hamilton Todd,- who had: been^in
attendance . upon . her, ,. called brother
physicians Into".: consultation -and heroic
measures were adoptedsto prolong the
patient's life: But It- became .-. known ia.
few days ago -that I she could not; live arid
all that remained for the -sorrowing rela
tives was to alleviate the patient's suf
ieririgs as" iriuch * as ' possible. 3 E The • end
came peacefully. ; ' ', ;*;« " ; :• •
No Funeral Arrangements ; Yet. :
No funeral arrangements have been
made as yet. ' There will' be' none until
after ! the arrival to-morrow of Mrs. J.
Cor»dit-Smith, a sister of -Mrs.. -Field,
from her- home in '"V\ r ashington.'*; -Mrs.
Condit-Smith was; informed; of ' her -sis
ter's dangerous condition . several- days
ago • arid immediately started -forSCaii.
fornia. in the hope 1 - of i seeing' her -before
sherpassed- away- .but -it .-was ' too--- late.
Mrs. F. - B.> McCreary of : San Francisco,
another sister, of Mrs.;F.ield,'.is. traveling
in Europe at present . and . has not been
informed of ; the death. \She wiUVnot* be
stfmmoried 'home. """"". •"¦.¦"' '"'.'**. V^ ¦•';'-..
Mrs. Field's name j was identified 3 with
that- of her -husband with the early his
tory ., of : California.' ,-Shei came.- here -in
early days and took a 'prominent part ;tn
many social .affairs," making for,. herself
a host , of friends , who .'retain many fond
remembrances, of..-, her.v- Although'. "Mrs.
Field has made her home in -Washington
since Tier 'husband was"appolnted to the
Supreme bench of the -United States in
1863 by President Abraham - Lincoln, ' she
has always considered herself a Califor
nian and epoke feelingly . of -the. Golden
State. She retained 'among "her friends
many Californlans who helped make the
history and build the State. - - .
Was Born in Louisville.
Louisville, Kentucky, was . the birth
place of Mrs. Field. She was born more
than sixty years ago. She was one of
the three daughters of Mr. and Mrs.
Richard Swearingen, members of promi
nent Southern families. She received her
education in the schools of Louisville.
In 1855 the family came to California to
live. Shortly after their arrival they met
Judge .Field, who was tHen a Justice of
the State Supreme Court. He became at
tached, to Miss Swearingen . and In 1859
they were married. •— •-¦;>• '-
• In 1863, when Judge Field was appoint
ed to Washington, the couple removed
there, paying periodical visits to Cali
fornia. It was during the last of these
visits eight years ago that Judge David
S. Terry was killed by Judge 'Field's
bodyguard, Dave Neagler at ' iJathrop.,
Mrs. Field was not with her husband, at
the time of the tragedy. He was return
ing, from* Los Angeles and she was stop
ping in San Francisco. • '¦.'.*;¦':--¦'¦ '-¦*??
RINGLING BROTHEES' , ?' V C
., CTBCUS'. ABBIVESCTO-DAY
Wonderful Exhibition, of I Acrobatic
Peats and Sensational Novelties
', Opens to P.ublic .T6-Morrqw. r '
- - Ringlihgr "Brothers- will raise their tents
at j the corner of Sixteenth and . Folsom
streets this morning, preparatory, to the
great seven 'days' show' which opens fo
.morrow. The \ hippodrome tent last .year
•was -. an v. enormous c structure, but it is
said to be even larger now. Under, the
immense 'canvas, where 15,000 people can
be comfortable seated, will be three
rings for - acrobatic and equestrian • feats
and two stages for sensational novelties,
the equal of which, it is claimed, have
never before been seen In San Francisco.
Over the quarter-mile- track will be run
chariot races, patterned 'after those ¦• in
which the populace gloried when Rome
.was. in her. glory."-, i-? >-.;¦;. -. :\^. ¦¦.
The programme . for " the 'big "¦ show,
which will exhibit twice a day at the cir
cus . grounds for 1 ": the coming week, in
volves nearly 100 acts.. • At ¦ times a dozen
or more of these are* performed simul
taneously, but as a 'rule acts- in differ
ent rings are'similiar Jn nature and when
something particularly , startling -takes
place It will -be i in the center and the
side ring-s will -be .silenced. .;;/: ..-..>
Some ' of the '.leading, features? of the
wonderful entertainment '.are- the-: acro
batic feats of the 1 Dacoma ? family; the
bareback riding of;- the -'Marvelles,.; Le
Mounts, the Millers,' Amelia "Feely^ 'and
the Holloway trio.*. John 'O'Brien's sixty
one-horse act is unrivaled. > The-, men
agerie attached to * the- great show- Is
probably the finest collection of oddities
in wild animals ever seen. •>:.„•.- ¦¦.••:¦•.;;
The parade leaves the show grounds at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning and moves ;: as fol
lows: To Howard, to Second, to Market,
to Montgomery, to California, to Kearny,
to Market, to Valencia, to Sixteenth, to
Folsom and* thence back to the: grounds.
VEEDICT OF MUBDEB
DT THE BOSS CASE
Coroner's Jury Decides That the Wife
Was Helpless Before She Was
. • , Asphyxiated. • -
A Coroner's Jury decided yesterday that
Professor B. T. Ross became tired of life
and killed his wife and himself last
Wednesday night at their home, 614A
Jones street. •
Mrs. Maggie Erickson testified that at
half-past 5 o'clock on "Wednesday after
noon Mrs. Ross In a maudlin and help
less state of Intoxication was led home by
Professor Ross, who . was sober. - She had
a cut above the eye, caused by a fall. — ¦¦•¦
It was believed by: the Jury : that • the
woman was too drunk > to reach > up and
turn the keys of, the two gas. burners that
were> found open by- the gas company's
employes, who discovered the bodies/ and
that the professor turned on the gas while
his wife was powerless to resist. '; .
A verdict was returned to the effect
that Mrs. Ross was murdered v by her hus
band, and that he, committed suicide;.
Chad wick's Trial- Bet'.
The .second trial of. Ernest Moore Chad
wick, alias "Sir" Harry Westwood'; Coop
er, on the charge of forgery for sending a
forged telegram to Miss Norlne Schneider
was yesterday, set by Judge Lawlor for
September 16.^" On motion of his attorney
the case of perjury against. the defendant
was continued ¦ for, a week that " he might
decide upon a plea. '• " • ...,. . ' ¦<-. -. .
Low Bates for the Great Sacramento
- Low excursion < rates • via Southern ,. Pa
cific to Sacramento * for the :• State* a • great
exhibition on sale August 81st to Septem
ber 14th. inclusive.. Inquire * of nearest
agent- for particulars. ¦>¦'¦; • . - ¦ ¦¦ ¦ . .•-;••¦¦
DEATH COMES
TO MRS. FIELD
. THE SAN FRANCISCO ?OA£lJ; iSUNDAX, ; ATTG-tTST; .25, 1901
Celebration committee — Peter G. ¦ Du Py, W
S. Urattan, . F. Glocker, D. F. Nunan, H G
Muller.
General committee— R. • L. Radke. president •
W.i O. Dixon, first vice presidents William
Patterson, second vice president; James Witte
more, third vice president; Peter G. Du "Py
treasurer; Walter V. Doughty, recording 'sec
retary; William Larkins, financial secretary
Henry Muller. marshal; James McFarland'
inside sentinel. •..•¦- -
The programme of the celebration in
cludes an oration by an orator yet to be
selected and a literary and musical en
tertainment. The affairs of .National
Parlor have always been successful and
it is expected that the celebration will
be well attended, as an enjoyable time
is assured. The . committees having the
affair In charge are as follows:
National Parlor No. 118, Native Sons of
the Golden "West, will celebrate Admis
sion day at Fernbrook Park, Niles Can
yon, on Monday, September 9. The Grand
Parlor, at. its session in Santa- Barbara,
decided, that "it would be unwise to hold
a general pel ebration , of Admission -day
this year, and acting on this Suggestion
National Parlor made - arrangements ; to
hold a . celebration on' its own account.
Later on a proposition -was made by the
San Jose parlors to hold a local celebra
nt *?u that «, city i but as tne contract
with the railroad had been made and
signed National Parlor was unable to
join them.
er at Fernbrook Park on' Ad
. mission Day. ':
Native Sons' Organization Wilf Gath-
NATIONAL \ PABLOB WTLL
HOLD PLEASANT REUNION
Townsend, where the grand marshal will
review the parade. • . "
The music committee reported that the
Hesperian and Alcatraz bands, which be
long to the union, had been engaged.
MANY NATIVE SON PARLORS
WILL JOIN SAN JOSE PARADE
The meeting of the Native Sons* com
mittee of the 9th of September celebration
last night was largely attended.
Las Lomas Parlor, N. D. G. TV., an
nounced that it will turn out twenty mem
bers In the procession in San Jose.
Golden State Parlor of the Native
Daughters informed the committee that
twelve members will parade.
H. I. Mulcreevy, in a progressive report
of the parade committee, stated that the
following parlors have signified their in
tention of parading in uniform in this
city and in San Jose:
22
•:A : -' : ' ; .,'; :•'.¦:.;¦ -v v fy}'.i .V-:"'/-' ; ¦.'•;¦•¦ ' '¦ ''- - J
; Before; Removing to Our New Store, |
• ; 219 GRANT AVENUE, |
| SPECIAL ONE WEEK ONLY: j
S Genuine London Dyed Scarlet Jackets, regular §
£ pric? $150/ reduced to- • • v •••••¦• •; $95,00 |
• Near Seal Jackets, regular price $25.00, §
| •¦;: reduced to .; • '¦&• ••••i--- . v •• ¦•• • • -$16,50 s
S Near Seal Jackets, regular price $45.00, I
; --reduced to- • • • • • ••¦•••• •• •;• ¦• • • • • • • ••• $32.50 •
• Near Seal Jackets, regular price $65.00, |
| -w reduced" to- ; • • :» • • • • • •••• • • • • • ; • '¦{ ¦ • • • $45.00 8
5 Above jackets ' ¦. The very Iat« §
• come plain- or ¦ $£*& est - •
• with mink; "^SEJrf ,. S
2 Persian, stone i^^S, Also a fine ®
5 marten; or ll[ \ e °J Ca P es ?
• black marten == p^Hfj§- an , d B ° as at •
I collar and re- i ' , .'ifty reduced prices g
¦t vers.-oup.own 1 , I. BHJ ¦ Jl 0 ™ $25 ° t0 2
• make, lined - • 1 '¦¦¦: : J W' $250< g
g with elegant -::. : [ I / // m A rare .op- ;•
# ; quality , of heavy, ;V . ¦ — ~^\ -^fil mV P ° r t Un ity to •
t'MMh^M .; ¦ ; im\ -f I' W bargaln mil:
•¦bias font. -~j — -^!LJ^|A,' ]A_p^' fl !r s ' •
I ROBERTHLLACE, i
:•: " t \;} j \i 115^KEARNVySTR)||r| •
-g, V''.' ':V-"V.--Vy ¦ .. ¦'.. .'. : -V-" T9* floor.'"'"" ¦¦'¦¦- ,; v ;¦- ; : ";;J
-,'¦'.¦:.:¦) :; EXPERT OPTICIA1T.L;
i- ;1 ; ;.'"; V: -.' '< ® an : Fnanclsco.". ', - - . ¦'•¦.
Adjutant' General T.C. Masteller Saysi
;¦ Mr. -Mayerle-— Dear;8ir: ji I *ni much- pleased
. with - the glasses j received , from you. Not only
'do S they/ render: vision * perfect, •¦ but | they are
restful to the eyes. I do not think It would be
' possible * to -: be I better fitted • than - 1 have ¦ been
at your 'hands. .•: Very truly yours, '.
.V.\. ..."' ' "'-. :.' T..C." MASTELLEH/ ;
' Headquarters . Department ' Grand Army of the
.-¦ Republic, . City i Hall, \ San Francisco. . i
; GEORGE MAVBRLB, \
'"¦ J-'i •;' : "^German 'Expert Optician, '¦ .
GERiffiAN>§]E»TICAL "INSTITUTE.
1071K Market : 6treet, San Francisco.
. Neglected Eyesight Affects the , Brain.
MAYERLE'S GLASSES STRENGTHEN
'' £ •>• 'THE EYE AND BRAIN.
' Mayerle's glasses are , far superior to all
others for reading or distance,-. weak eyes, poor
sight, > , headaches, dizziness, • cloudiness of
vision,. 1 floating spots, pain about the eyes, -be-
hind , the • head or '.temples, nervousness, sore
eyes, discharging- eyes, feeling like sand In the
eyes, f cross eyes,' l burning, . smarting, itching,
scratching. ¦ twitching, gluey or. discharging
eyes, heavy eyelids, etc. : Mayerle's glasses
rest the eyes, strengthen the optic nerve and
preserve -the sight. Mayerle's glasses are now
used by the highest United States Army, Navy
and Government officials.' - ;
GEORGE MAYER. E, German Expert Optician
German Optical Institute,.' - ; ¦
Also graduate AMERICAN - COLLEGE OF
OPHTHALMOLOGY. • (Charter Member Amer-
ican Association- of Opticians.) * .. .
'1071J4 MAEKET STREET j
(Opposite Hibernla Bank), San Franciso, Cal. .
Persons ordering, glasses by mail should state
their age, also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
" Consultation; " Examination ¦ and Advice • Free.
Open Evenings Until 9. Tel. South 572. .-.
: GERMAN? EYEWATER, SOc - - .
See City Directory • for Eye j Specialists. - •' '
, v '/rlCUT] THIS: OUT. ; •- -
¦ :SPECIAL .,.
During the past weak we have opened up an
Immense stock of NEW, PLAIN, and FANCY
RIBBONS, in tha- latest soft weaves. The
assortment consists of PLAIN SATIN TAF-
FETA RIBBON, LIBERTY' TAFFETA RIB-
BON^ SATIN^ FLORENTINE 'RIBBON, PLAIN
L0UISINE and DOUBLE - FACED
SATIN LIBERTY RIBBON. These are tie
makes so much In demand, and. we have them
In all widths vfFom 1-8 of an inch up to 5
inches. 'Theu are all from the hest makers
and-wiipe sold at ve^ru reasonahle prices.
1500 pieces Extra Quality SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON,
soft weave and Mull lustre, mil 21 Inches wide, 35
: "¦. ¦• different shades, also Blacks and White.
25o "yarci.
SPcCIAL*
1750 pieces Best QualltU DOUBLE-FACED LIBERTY
RIBBON and LIBERTY TAFFETA RIBBON, 4 Inches
In width, so much used for neciwear and helts,
. ahbut 40 different shades.
SPECIAL.
1200 pieces SATIN FLORENTINE, SATIN TAFFETA
and LIBERTY SATIN RIBBONS, in all the new Fall
shades, width 5 Inches.
EXTRA SPECIAL. 35 ° irard "
500 pieces NO.. 9 BROCADED SATIN RIBBON, With
white . edges,. In all the leading shades, such as
Blues, Pinks, Maize, Lilac, Nile, Cardinal, Tur-
auolse and White.
worth sec. 15o ITard.
HI, 113. IIS. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Late 6uper!ntendent Physician City
and Count v Hottpftal. ¦" • .
MENTAL AND ¦ NERVOUS DISEASES.
DR.'G.^Ei! SUSSDORFF,
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
P I TH* Tinii 1 1 h&r*** rourtH and.
llUrr 111 I I ill car BPeolVl Brew,
.vallie* checked fr««.
Tot. JJIQVOn ', and MORPHINE • HABITfit
.,' ¦ •'••»•; -V-.Twentjr^TearB'; Experlenco, ' ;\{\~ r .
I Patlenti may be -treated : at horn* or prl-
vat« nanltarlum. ,. Offloi Olaigow Building,'
105 BUli it./ near Powell..' Hours. 10 to u
a. m;. t to 4 p." m. ' r • '.,.-- ¦. -:.-,'. v .:•-/
Strong, Able-Bodied Men.
W^NTED^
. ADVZBTISEMEKTS.1 ; - 1 j^^ . V --
THE CIRCUS
I BEGINS MONDAYS
1^^^. '^r I \f f^ jo EJ I lO f~%
|^^K| Boys' Department.
-n — # — #ft tW^P' Bfue Serge Sailors,
*• In full winter weight. All
->^^I J^^^^^^, sizes. Worth $5. and; $6!
\^^P^H% The Han dsomest
| W £11 colorings, broken sizes,
* nPjsS- ' ages 3 to 8 years ; worth
yW\ $3:oO to $4- J\Iond,ouy, ¦ ;¦ \
<^M j|rNc©JLi*¥ED '' Union SquAceAvE.
EBP El Cart F H ufV flnl |B jUh M| Hi
RELIEVES THE STRAIN OF
FINANCIAL CARES.
Business Men Ara Among ths
famous Egyptian's Callers
for Advice Daily.
Ismar, the famous Egyptian seeress, ha*
advised thousands during her stay In Saa
Francisco. Her advice is infallible, con-
vincing and beyond dispute.
The evidence of those who have called
on this wonderful woman is of such a na-
ture as to convince the most skeptical o£
her power to forecast the future accurate-
ly. Through her remarkable development
of second sight and her thorough knowl-
edge of many sciences peculiar to the peo-
ple of the Orient, she is able to penetrate
the mysteries of human life.
Ismar gives reliable and important ad-
vice and information on all business un-
dertakings, also locates the seat of any-
physical ailment, no matter how myste-
rious its nature may be.
Don't let any foolish sentiment prevent
you from consulting this remarkable
teeress. "What Ismar has done for other*
she can do for you. Her readings ara
strictly private and confidential.
Ismar can be consulted dally from 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. at her office, 1143 Market
street, two doors below Weinstock. Lubin
& Co. . -
~~~ : — ¦ —TV
r THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.<Ine.>/
r or jpflir attnU' ' }
GLENOALE GRAND RANGES, $11.09 UP
Fine nickel trimmings. Burn's either)
coal or wood. Can't be heat in price. \
style or quality. Economical, hand-f
some and durable. \
_ All our house "furnishings are up to\
date. \Ve furnish your house complete /
—cash or credit, just v as you like. \
The J. Hoonan.. Furniture Company J
) (Incorporated.) " ' * \
\ IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET (J
(¦¦¦ • Above Sbrth. San Prandsco. ' -F&'
) Wt elos « »t 6 p. m. every day but Saturday. \ "
g; is common. The unequaled tone (a\> \tH
|g of the footwear in our new $3.50 |T\" /' iH
I department is due not. alone to 1&\ B
I the fine material of which the 1
I shoes are manufactured, or the
i strong" enough to outlast other §||i|jL • ffl^mm
I and comfortable adaptation to. K J :¦ '' ' ; .'- ¦-¦. ¦¦-'.•..'•*.¦-.'¦.:.. : ,-¦:.,;¦.; 'J. .. . ¦ , . • ... " ¦ -
SCENES AT. IMPORTANT POINTS ON. THE LINE OF. MARCH OF THE PARADE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON OF
f THOUSANDS OF. MEMBERS OF THE VARIOUS LABOR UNIONS OF THE CITY "WHICH ARE OUT AT PRES
ENT. ON STRIKE." ¦ ..-., , v : - '; -•;: • " - '.' . •' - v-. -¦. ¦ -j ¦¦.,::£¦ •-•* ...
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— In accordance
with agreements between the Brotherhood
of Teamsters, the Stevedores* Union, the
Building Trades Council and the coal and
lumber dealers, the union members went
to work to-day at James P. Taylor's
yards, Charles R. Allen's bunkers and at
the lumber yards where their services are
required to handle cargoes recently dis
charged. This agreement is to remain In
force for ten day3, but will not relate to
new cargoes. The effect is to check the
possibility of a present shortage of sup
plies, particularly in the lumber trade.
There was danger that building, contrac
tors would be compelled to stop work and
thus throw a large number of carpenters
and allied craftsmen out of employment.
The Oakland branch of the Union Labor
party will meet Sunday afternoon at- 2
o'clock at Justice Qulnn's, : courtroom,
southwest corner of Eighth street and
Broadway.
Teamsters and Stevedores Laboring
on Water Front.
UNION MEN AT WOBK
¦ Captain Wittman Informed the police
men when they were assembled to report
off at S o'clock of his arrest and \ again
advised them to do their duty regardless
of the conviction of Officer Knight and
the Issuance of the warrant for his own
arrest.
' Masse and a "number of other strikers
were standing on Brannan street creat
ing a disturbance when Wittman charged
the crowd. Masse ran into a saloon, fol
lowed by the captain, who concluded: that
he was the leader of the crowd. After
chasing him to the roof of the . adjoining
house Wittman struck him with his club
and then ordered one of his men to. lock
him up for disturbing the peace. The case
Is still pending in Judge Conlan's court.
"He is sore because I, criticized him for
'convicting 'Police- Officer Knight.*,- Not
withstanding the. feeling he has against
me I do not intend to apply for a change
of venue. If I am convicted I intend to
"take an appeal to the Superior Court."
"Cabaniss, in my opinion, has i made a
grave mistake," remarked tha captain
when discussing hl3 arrest. V.
"We were always wondering what be
came of non-union men who were- Induced
to go to the teamsters' headquarters, and
now -we have solved the mystery. Th«
brakemen on the railroads are in sympa
thy with the strikers, and when men ars
taken to the headquarters of the team
sters they are detained there till darkness
has set in. Then they are taken to empty
boxcars and locked in by the brakemen,
and when- the freight train reaches a point
a considerable distance from the city they
are dumped out and allowed to shift for
themselves. I presume that would have
been the fate of the four sailors If one of
them had not given the alarm."
wrmvrATT is abbested*
Judge Cabaniss Issues Warrant , on
Battery Charge.
Judge Cabaniss yesterday Issued a war
rant on complaint of James Masse for tha
arrest of Captain "Wlttman, charging him
with battery. Masse Is the striking ma
rine fireman who was clubbed by Captain
"Wittman last Tuesday during a lively
scrimmage on Brannan street.
As soon as he learned of the issuance
of the warrant Captain "Wittman gave $20
to'. Sergeant Moffltt to place with Chief
Bond Clerk Peery for his release. After
the necessary order of release was .made
out Sergeant Moffltt went to tbe> City
Prison and had the name of Captain
"Wittman and the charge against him re
corded on the prison blotter. '.
The case will be heard to-morrow morn-
Ing. * * . •
After being there for about two hour3
Greenburg promised that he would Join
the union and aske«J to be allowed to go
out to purchase some' tobacco. He went
out, followed by ; Rafferty and McLaugh
lin. A car was passing at the time, going
south, and he Jumped on It. determined to
make his escape. ' Rafferty and McLaugh
lin also Jumped on the car, and when it
reached the depot at Third and Townsend
streets, Greenburg says, they dragged him
off and beat him. Hir cries for help were
heard by Sergeant Christiansen and posse,
and they soon rescued Greenburg, and
placed Rafferty and McLaughlin under
arrest on a charge of battery.
., Greenburg told the sergeant that' three
of his companions [were. locked "up at the
teamsters' headquarters, and Christiansen
went there and compelled their release.
He placed "Walsh and Murphy under ar
restand took them to the Hall. of. Justice
along with Rafferty and McLaughlin. He
consulted the District Attorney as to what
charge to. place against Walsh and Mur
phy, and was advised' to book them for
false Imprisonment, which was done, on
the complaint of Shafter. Shortly after
ward the four defendants were released
on 55 cash bail each, accepted by Assist
ant "Warrant Clerk Greeley.
Captain "Wittman in speaking of the ar
rests said: !
fail 'of the vessel. The sailors were told,
so they, allege, that, they had better leave
the vessel! otherwise they might get killed
for working as "scabs." - They .were finally
induced-to leave the. vessel.' and were
taken to the teamsters' headquarters, on
Fourth street; near Townsend. There,
they allege, they .were locked up in a room
and a guard placed at the door.
: morning. " Aaron Greenburg, Phil
Shafter and two other.- sailors on the
steam schooner North Fork, lying at the
Second-street -wharf, were approached
about 6 o'clock yesterday ' morning by
Thomas Kafferty. Alexander McLaugh
lin. "William "Walsh and , Chris Murphy,
strikers, while they were leaning over ths
a CASE that looked very much liks
J\ kidnaping on the part of the
JLj\ strikers was called to the atten-
A j\ tion ' of the police yesterday
Alleged Offenders Are Placed
Under Arrest and Charged
WithV False Imprisonment
One Effects an Escapejand Is
Rescued From Pursuers by
Sergeant and Posse
Non-Union' Men AIlege.That
Union Teamsters Kidnaped
and Held Them Prisoners
SAILORS
ARE HELD
IN DURESS
THOUSANDS OF STRIKERS PARADE THROUGH STREETS OF CITY
IN PEACEFUL DEMONSTRATION TO FURTHER CAUSE OF LABOR
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
The greatest crowd collected at the
corner of Market and Third streets, and
as the line swung around into Third
Ftreet cheers were given repeatedly for
the Examiner. No halt was made, but
as sections of the various unions passed
come one would propose three cheers for
the newEpaper and they were generally
given, though occasionally there was no
response. Numerous times ' when the
marching men were oblivious ¦ to the
Cheers and Groans Distributed.
There was an utter absence of the
banners. usually seen in a labor parade.
A few of the men carried small Ameri
can flags. The piledrlvers carried a
miniature piledriver and the stevedores
a huge hook for handling bales, as in
signia of their unions.
In the wholesale district there was llt
tli demonstration, though a number of
¦enthusiastic girls employed across the
etreet from Lev! Strauss & Co., who
wived flags and cheered the strikers.
Incited the men in line to a few groans
and hisses for the firm named.
The Marine Firemen marched flrst In the
cecond division, the Bailors' Union and the
Marine Cooks and Waltem following.
Next In line were members of the Iron
Molders' Union, with union cards thrust
under their, hat bands; Boiler-makers
wearing conspicuous red badges, and a
number of machinists. Xo attempt was
made to get a strong showing of the iron
trades unions, only those men marching
who collected at headquarters volun
tarily.
The Porters, Packers and Warehouse
men, led by President O'Neill; the Box
makers, and the United Brewery Werk>
era comprised the last section of the di
vision. • A stalwart member of the last*
named union bore at its head a large and
handsomely embroidered American flag.
Absence of Banners.
Longshoremen's Union followed, and be
hind them marched the Hoisting Enel
neers. The third section of the first di
vision was made up of the Steam and Hot
Water' Fitters, with Joseph Gallagher in
command; the Ship Joiners, led by J. D.
Sherwood; the Pile Drivers and Bridge
Builders, in charge of N. Burnham; the
Coal Yard and Trestle Men, and the Coal
Cart Teamsters.
Chief. Aid E. Anderson commanded the
second division, with Second Chief Aid
J. Bell to assist him. A band headed
each division, and a drum corps In the
middle of the flrst division stirred the
martial ardor of the strikers.
Michael Casey, Andrew Furuseth, Ed
ward Rosenberg and August Holmgren
marched at the bead of the column. Be
hind them came members of the execu
tive committee of the City Front Federa
tion, among them being Robert H. Lough
ery. Charles Kelly. Michael Monahan,
Thomas "Westoby, J. C. Christlanson, J.
Harper, L. Barry, J. McDermott, C. Ho!
loway. J. Markley and J. Smirch.
The place of honor was given the team
sters. a.t the head of the first division. J.
McLaughlin. secretary of the Brother
hood of Teamsters, was in command, and
a stand of colors was carried at the head
of the column. The four locals of the
The -unions which -were to march began
arriving, at their places of rendezvous
early, and long before 1 o'clock .East
street was black with men waiting for the
start to be made. "With much skill Grand
Marshal Michael Casey and his aids had
these men in their assigned places on time
and at 1:05 the march began.
Thomas Westoby, secretary of the City
Front Federation, estimated the columr
ns it passed the ferry depot to contain
M21 men. but all the estimates made far
ther tji> Market street placed the number
nearer 4000. An old National Guard officer
set It at 4200. A citizen -who counted the
men in line as accurately as possible set
his figures down thus: "2720 men, two
bands, one drum corps." Three reporters
who attempted to connt the strikers as
they swarmed past arrived at these fl«r
urea, respectively: 3800. 3S40, 3S96. Two oth
ers who made estimates give these fig
ures: 4500. SMS.
Various Estimates Hade.
announcement was not given to the press
until Friday. Further, large numbers of
the strikers have gone Into the country.
Fome to find work and others for the out-
Ing.
arrangements were made. The parade
was decided upon Thursday night, but, the
The leaders had expected tha.t 10,000 or
12,000 men would participate. That the
number actually In line fell so much be
low they attribute to the haste with which
Bnthnsiasin -was at a high pitch and
the men marching In column of fours and
their sympathizers In the crowds that
lined the streets kept the slogans of the
etrlke ringing even after the strikers were
tired and dusty from the long march.
There was plenty of shouting, banter for
policemen and bitter railing at luckless
non-union men at -work who came within
eight cf the parading strikers. But not so
much as a pebble was thrown, and after
the marching was over the leaders took
the men to the various headauarters and
from these they dispersed to their homes.
Non-union teamsters and longshoremen
were freer to go their ways than they
cave been since the strike began.
as an object lesson to the com
munity and to their opponents In the
present lndnz*rial struggle are Justly
proud of its Impresslveness and of the
absence of any disorder or violence.
Worklnginen to the number of certainly
4000— the estimates range as high as 8000—
'were In line, while the sidewalks along
the line of march were crowded with
spectators, *n6 at many points the streets
were filled, a narrow lane only in the cen
ter being; left open for the marching strik
ers.
ORGANIZED labor made a com
mendable showing yesterday af
ternoon In the great parade and
the strike leaders who planned It
Workingmen's Organizations
That Participated and Lead
ers Who Were in Charge
Crowds Throng Streets Along
Line of March and Encour
age Paraders With Cheers
Unions Largely Represented
in a Bannerless Pageant to
Show Strength of Numbers
ORDERLY
ARMY OF
LABORERS
Continued on Page Thirty -Two.
• REDDING, : Aug. 24.— Thirty-five : thou
sand . young trout were taken from the
-Ci3son- Hatchery this to stock
the streams in the vicinity of San Jose.
.. ITrout for Santa Clara -Streams.
S. AN; JOSE. Aug.;24.—San Jose- wit
¦ nessed this - evening the -largest'
.labor, demonstration of years. /A
\ long parade of the several unions
' %6t theCcJ'ty/ahd'ablg-mass meet
ing in Turn Vereln'Hall with ; earnest and
enthusiastic .speakers were . the agencies
that' stirred- the ¦¦laboring classes of the
Garden City, to deep and substantial sym
pathy for their brothers of- the. metropolis.'
¦¦ t At-7:30 o'clock the Fifth. Regiment band
headed/a .parade: of /the; several -unions
which .marched 'to 'the" depot" -to meet- the
speakers j from . San , Francisco. Returning
it 'traversed the /principal streets, ending
at Turn\Vereiri Hall. The unions* of the
following'trades were in' line: K Carpenters,
painters," Vmillmen,;- /brewers, tinners,'
plumbers, Abrl delayers,;; bottlers,"' typo
graphical and plasterers^ *. , . ; ; - ;; ¦, .¦;"¦¦ '
• The ; hlli-,was crowded .with ; an, enthisi
astic': audience. I The •meeting;., was pre
sided "over. by: C: B." Schafferf -walking del
egate ,for,' the .Building .Trades Council*
Speeches .were, made-by iAssembJyman Ell
Wright of San * Jose r; R.V I. .Wisler 'of j San
Francisco/, chairman' ' of "^the • ' executive
committee iof: the <Iron,.Trades Union: : Ed
Rosenberg, secretary of the San Fran-
.•'.Whereas, 'Trade, unionism is born of .the suf
ferings," the wants . and „ the ; Industrial . condi
tions of the. workers,' who are forced to com
bine ': for. mutual ; : protection, and' advancement
and therefore we maintain : that .the ,rlgh't\tp
organize is "-• made ;• necessary by ; the, natural
growth of • the j Industrial ¦ facilities : toward . a
more • complete system : of producing and . dls-
; Whereas, ;A\ secret organization in San Fran
cIeco {s\ endeavoring; by the exercise of .their
employing; powers, by threats and 1 , by lntiml
.dations"; 'by i bribes, and the use of the 'police
,to : suppress" and destroy the protective organl
zatlons of the workers. who- are gallantly strug
gling : to preserve the ¦ rights and ;. the !¦ liberties
of the '.working; class: ¦¦ and •¦¦;'-' ' - •
• The following : resolutions .were ¦ intro
duced at the close of the "meeting by the
commlttee = ori .resolutions and '• passed: .-'" ¦ '.-
The proceeds of the meeting, amounting
to about $400, '.were donated - to .the relief
fund of the strikers.-;-; . c . : ..-•¦""¦; i '
dsco ... Labor -.Council," and -.Walter . Mae
arthur, editor . of , the Coast Seamen's
Journal. Speaker f . Wright, gave .the his
tory of labor. .. organizations, -while ;the
other speakers .related the- events. leading
up. to the present- strike, and discussed' the.
principles involved. , . ¦ ' ;, . .'• . .
a . better standard of •living:' may ; *«•: secured
and that j we may ultimately^ obtain I complete
emancipation. ~ ¦•• .'.lr. I *.':•' ',-.
employers on , the ' one; hand j Into a thoroughly
organized body which strives foi\ full economic
mastery " and t on ;.the '¦ other ..hand compels the
workers 'when ¦'unorganized, •'•" to. struggle and
barter against each other; for the sale of their
labor; to -the \ employing class.'^and thus we
maintain: that; the. organizing of "the workers
Is not .'only/a right but a' necessity to protect
tbeir\material Interests': j therefore, be It
'.Resolved.',- That "we pledge, our. earnest^ sup
port, to 'the trade unions of ; San ;FrandSco to
establish the; right to organize .'and obtain the
full h recognition of trade unionism;' and be It
furthers'-.,. » ¦ - ; ¦¦<¦ --.;¦•.--•:, ¦
" : Resolved, That we congratulate trade union
ism • of San Francisco", on their gallant resist
ance to the repeated .'attacks' of the Employers'
Association upon their* rights and. liberties and
W 8;P}?4 K ? to tnem our most earnest support,
both: morally, and financially, to the end that
Union . Men of San Jose Hold a , Great Meeting for . Financial -Benefit of . Their San Fran
cisco. Brothers -and Pass Resolutions Upholding the. Stand: Taken by the Labor Leaders
in ; Their Contest 1 With; Employes^ Association and Condemning Attitude of Jobbers
trlbutlng . wealth, which tendency forces - the
"While the unions were marching down
Steuart street after having counter
marched, past the headquarters .of the
Sailors' Union, at East and Mission
streets, an incident occurred which well
illustrates the order which was main
tained during the entire march. A team
belonging to McNab & Smith, and driven
by ; . a non-union teamster, was being
loaded in front of a warehouse. While the
unipns were marching past the team,
some of the more boisterous of the strik
ers frightened the horses until. they com
menced to plunge' about and make at
tempts to get away from the driver! For
a lime it was feared that the" men would
break rank and make an attack on the
non-union .teamster.' -Before,' however,
any serious trouble ." occurred.' , several
leaders of the- City Front Federation
stepped forth and stood guard around the
team and the non-i#iipn ' teamster. The
strikers- were told to •march quietly on
and -not to offer to molest team or. driver.
They obeyed orders and not another jeer
was heard nor was any further attempt
made to excite the horses. '_/¦¦¦ '-
H. McCleary, one of the charter mem-
Occasionally non-union drivers and po
licemen or specials, whose drays .were
blocked by the parade, were . mercilessly
abused verbally by the strikers as they
marched past, but the officers, smiled in
indifference and the non-union j men
wlseljf swallowed any anger they ' may
have felt. .- .
The line of march was as previously,
announced — along East street to Battery,
along BatteVy to Market, up Market to
Third, down Third to Brannan, down
Brannan to the Mail dock, and along the
water front 'back to East and Mission
streets. ¦ .
At a time when the men in line were
catching breath after cheers for the
Brotherhood of Teamsters, a Hibernian
among them caused a laugh by an earn
est and stentorian "Hooray for Ire
land!" ' : .
One striker of German birth waved a
small flag of the country and shouted,
"This Is the flag- that conquered Eng
land and It'll conquer | the capitalists,
too!"
The Call was given groans several
times and at other times they were
called for by men in the crowd when the
strikers did not apparently consider them
due and did not respond.
proximity of the Hearst paper, prompt
ers in the crowd in front of the Exam
'ner building: would remind them of their
duty.
bera of the Ship Joiners' Association, or
ganized in 1857, stood in front of the head
quarters at 14 Folsom street and waved
a large American flag. The longshore
men and other water-front unions halted
and cheered the old man enthusiastically.
The parade was completed at 3 o'clock.
APPEAL TO COUNTRY PRESS.
rior Newspapers.
The San Francisco Labor Council has
sent out the following letter: . ; ; •
Labor Council Issues Letter to Inte-
To the Editors of the Interior Press: We re
spectfully beg to call your attention to. the Im
portance of the struggle in which we" are now
engaged." It is' a struggle of supreme .Impor
tance to the people of California. ; Tou ¦ speak
to and for the people, who have made this
State great. You address the army of tollers
who have planted the vine and the fruit tree,
who have made the valleys team with grain,
who have delved into the very bowels of the
earth and brought forth the rich ore. These
our brother toilers .and we are the .men who
have upbullded this State and developed its In
dustries. Neither they nor we are parasites on
the body public. We labor and we toll and
others have grown fat on our sweat.
And now those who have icrown wealthy on
us have made a determined and concerted • ef
fort to rob us of a right which Is dearer to us
than material prosperity. A lockout has been
declared against us by a secret combination
of capitalists. This lockout . has ¦ been ordered,
not because we demand exorbitant wages,' not
because our employers are dissatisfied with our
work, but" because ' we claim and we exercise
the rlghtUo combine for. our protection^ This
is a natural ! right of man. : ' It is inherent to
man as a social being. No statesman, no
economist, no free government" questions It. In
this republic It is as fundamental and as es
sential as the right of free speech. What would
you think If a secret society were organized. to
muzzle you'or to "Interfere' with your right of
free speech? To us the right of combination is
Just as Important and just as essential. It Is
In vindication, of that right that we have been
driyen'out of work. And in vindication of that
right our ,wl\-es and our children, if need be,
will gladly go hungry rather than, eat of the
bread, of slavery. . ...
Quarrel Is , With Conspirators.
Even our enemies recognize , this * right of
ours.% Hence.they will .not dare light ub In the
open like men. Our quarrel . Is not with our
own employers, but with ¦ a\ body of- men who
have . conspired behind closed 'doors' and ' who,'
In the darkness, hare promulgated a new. com-
.No Outbreaks or Rioting Whatever Occur to Mar the Occa
sion — Smaller Numerical Showing Than Was Anticipated,
Due Partly to Absence From the City of Many Strikers
Pages 23 to 32Frank Carolan Captures the
Del Monte Cup With Fusil
lade Over the Mile Course
The Golf Contests Are Close
and Result in Several Sur
prises- for the Favorites
Society's Diversion on Golf
Links, the Polo Field anci
Track Has a • Natural End
HOBART HAS A WINNING DAY, BUT CAROLAN GETS THE CUP.
MISS CARO CROCKETT VANQUISHES HER FOES ON TfHE LINKS
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— Frank A. Mather
will give his farewell organ recital Sun
day afternoon at 4 o'clock at the Church
of the Advent, East Oakland.
Farewell Organ Recital.
Swimming at Sutro's.
At Sutro Baths to-day the following
races will be the swimming programme:
• 50-yard dasb. Juveniles— J. CKeefe. O. "Car
ter, S. Dalton, J. "Wilson. F. Baker. J. Terry.
J. Llpman. E. Smiley. T. Monahan, G. Lundy.
J. Carroll, F. Paine, F. Clough,- J. Tillman,
T. Wilson, P. Sundbergv J. Erasray, C. Schultz.
J. Lillie, C. "Warren, J. Ryan, A. Heinze, C.
Augustus, L. Baudain. R, Soil. F. Hoffman.
C. Sweet. C. McCarthy, M. Griswald. D. Chase.*
"W. Busse.
: Diving for plates, open to. all— J. Morris, O. .
Meyers. B. Klpp, C. "Wrist, E. Woods, O.
Schustro, J. Jackson, M. Roche, H. Pfuhl. C.
Buttmer, L. Britten. S. Flnnlgan.- O. Lowen
thal. D. Mackel. H. Leicken, F. Berges, J.
O'Brien, B. Ferrlll. P. McDermld, W. Cook.
100-yard race, amateurs— J. Rlngrose, VT.
Stockton, J. Holton, J. Dwyer. "W. Gorman.
C. Donovan. F. Moody. H. Slebach. J; Llp
man. P. Rose. C. Lundln. O. Beyfusa, R, Selt
zer, A. Martinez, H. Dougherty, O. Beyfuss.
D. Harris, F. Crowder, H. Hunt, C. Harnes,
J. Shrimp, E. Peters, P. Moultln, It Doud, J.
Simmlns, P. Maine. F. Neal, W. Flaher. J.
Bevins. . . .
Trick and fancy springboard diving— G. Fre
mont, W. Carroll, T. McKlllop, "W. Billlngton.
L. Harper, F. Springer, E. Winfleld, W. Car
mody, J. Sawyer, W. Guine, A. Hay, C. Han-
Ion, F. Clayton. W. Gorman, H. Wolfa, \ F.
Muller, D. Kerwln, E. "Well*. P.- Louis. J.
Armacost. H. Wilson, C. Donovan. C. Scmiltz.
High diving for boys, open to all.
The hares that wex« furnished for th«
rundown of yesterday's Reserve staks at
Union' Park proved the fastest lot that
has been seen on the field for many days,
and as a result heavy scoring prevailed.
Relief dogs were liberated in many of th«
courses and helped to make the day's
sport an Interesting one.
A total of eleven upsets gave the piker*
a chance to fill their purses. The first fa
vorite to kick over the traces was the ex
champion courser. Royal Flush, - Against
Captain Clarkson's Sofala the wise ones
had figured that Flush was an easy win-
ner and sent him to the slips with 4 to 1
on his chances. Flush laid off his game
and by his . careless work lost to Sofala
by a point. Achilles beat St. Ives at 2 to
1. Game Cock beat Hickory Dick, Three
Cheers beat Prompto, Bonus beat Lilac
at 5 to 3. At the- bottom of the card the
short end players reaped a harvest. Three
times the Pasha kennels won with the
odds against them. Rollicking Airs beat
Aeneas at 5 to 3, Real Aristocrat beat
Cotton Ball at 4 to 1, and Real Article
beat Agamemnon at 7 to 2.
In close proximity, Thornhill, on whom
the talent - had banked at 6 to 1, was
beaten pointless by Noe Maid. Day
light beat Rosie R at 2 to 1 and Lady
Glenkirk got the flag from Strayaway,
an 8 to 1 choice, by a clear margin. •-•- ¦
Probable winners in the second round
are Faraway, Naughty Girl, Black Flush,
Greenback, Floodgate. Chicago Boy, Flora .
McDonald, Santonin, Achilles, Talk to
Me, Liberator. Flower of Gold, Tom Hnr
lick, Tralee Boy, Rocker, Crockett Hill,
Noe Maid, Sleety Mist, Lear Kingr. Real
Article.
Floodgate, Rocker, Tralee Boy and Real
Article are well played for the stake. In
the class event the management has of
fered the best lot of champions that could
be brought together. The goes between
Vandal and Fine Fire, and Palo Alto and
Rector will be heavy betting ones. In the
long odds book Palo Alto Is at 3, Dew
drop, Game Boy and Rector at 4, Flying
Fox at 5. Sir Pasha at 6, Vandal at 8.
Luxor. Harlean Gladys and Homer Boy at
10.
The following are the day's results;
with Judge John Grace's official scores:
Reserve stake, first round— J. H. Pertgo'i Far
away beat T. J. Mclnerney's Norah, 6-4; T.
J. Mclnerney's Johnnie It beat Star Kennels'
Pickpocket. 4-1: Captain Clarkson's Sofal*
beat F. A. McComb'a Royal Flush, 4-3; A.
Vanderberg's Naughty Girl beat T. J. Cron
in's Killamey, 9-7; .Star Kennels' Fontenoy
beat G. Lennon's Sir Crawford, 15-5; Georga
Shannon's Black Flush beat Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist. 3-2; Chiarinl Brothers' Boney
Boy beat L. V. Bartels' Eest Bargain, 5-4;
F. A. McComb'a Greenback beat F. Schou'a
Smuggler, 10-4; George Nethercott's Floodgata
beat F. A. McComb's Motto. 4-2: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Firm Fello-w beat Captain Clarkson'a
Miss Brummell, 8-6. Chiarlni Brothers' "White !
Hat beat J. II. Hal ton's May Hem ps tea J. 4-3;
George Sharman's Chicago Boy beat Pasha
Kennels' Snapshot, 7-3; H. Lynch's Gam*
Cook beat George Nethercott's Hickory Dick.
11-6; A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald beat ¦
G. McKenna's Patriot. 10-4; Sterl & Know lea'
Ripple beat C. O. Peterson's Half moon, 13-4;
Chiarinl Brothers' Santonin beat O. Zahl'a
Miss Wilson. 12-19; M. Nealon's Achilles beat
George Shannan'a St. Ives, 9-7; T. J. Mc-
Inerney*a Annie Hall beat W. C. Collier's
Satanella. 4-2; Ed Neaves* Talk to Ma beat F.
Jones' Dorothy ¦ Belle, K-7; R. Strain's Threw
Cheers beat Captain Clarkson's Prompto, 5-0;
C. O. Peterson's Sliver Cloud beat T. J. Mc
lnerney's Regina R, 5-4: P. Doyle's Liberator
beat "W. Creamer's Lily Wright. 12-3; Captain
Clarkson'a Flower of Gold beat H. Perigo's
Controller, 10-2; J. A. Klein's Coronado beat
Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening, 11-6; W. J.
Leonard's Tom Harllck beat L. F. Bartela*
Banner Bright. 17-10: T. Human-' a Bonus
beat H. Lynch's c Lilac.. 25-4; T..J. Cronln's
Trale« Boy beat Pasha Kennels* Rustic Ar
bor, 5-2; Ed Neaves' First Foot beat Charles
Pickard's Bright Gold, 3-0; W. H. Kocker's
Merriwa beat M. B. Kavanaugh's May Be
Kind, 15-3: Pasha Kennels Rocker beat George
Nethercott's Red Rock. 4-3; F. Cox's Crock
ett Hill beat J. P. Thrift's Goldie Mae. 18-0;
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat M. Neal
on's Aeneas, 7-2;' Charles McDermltt's Noe
Maid beat T. J. Cronia's Thornhill. 4-e: C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard beat . T. J. Cronln's
Parlor Maid. 26-7; W. J. Leonard's Daylight
beat T. J. Mclnerney's Rosie R, 1S-7; Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist beat Pasha Kennels'
Regal Attire, 3-2; A. Vanderwhite's Lear
King beat George Sharman's Bowery Boy, 5-2;
Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat beat H.
Lynch's Cotton Ball, 14-11; F. Schou'a Lady
Glenkirk beat Ed Neaves' Strayaway, 16-5;
Pasha Kennels' Real Article beat M. Nealon's
Agamemnon, 4-L
Lively Hares Make Interest
ing Going in Reserve
Event.
Greyhounds of Note
Will Compete for
Big Prizes.
FAST COURSERS
IN CLASS STAKE
A person who tells you the faults of oth
ers will tell others of yours
DOMESTIC PORTS.. , r
PORT" BLAKELEY— Arrived Augr 24— Bktn
John Smith, from Honolulu. ' ¦ : '
Sailed Aug 24— Schr Bain bridge, for San Fran
cisco.
LATE SHIPPING INTELUGENCE.
SANTA FE. N. M.. Au*. 24.— News has
just reached here that El Rino Chaves
and Leon Mora were run over by a Santa
Fe train near Hanover. -Both were decap
itated and horribly mangled. They were
on the way to the wedding of Mora to the
stepdaughter of Chaves.
Men. Decapitated by a Train.
OAKLAND, Aug." 24.— Teams from Oak
land Tent No. 17 and Argonaut Tent No
33, Order of Maccabees, will play baseball
to-morrow afternoon at? 2 o'clock at the
Elmhurst Recreation Grounds. ' > •
Maccabees to Play : Baseball;
'Nelly, Christ, a .frequenter of the Bar
bary. Coast, was treated at* the Central
Emergency .Hospital, last night for a" knife
wound in the. breast; which she claimed
had been inflicted by. a colored soldier at
the corner of Montgomery avenue and
Kearoy streetr^The wound is not serious
the blade having been deflected by strik
ing the sternum. -V. ' .... . • , ¦
Colored Soldier Stabs "Woman.
BAN RAFAEL. Aug. 24.— There' was a
large attendance at the San Rafael golf
links to-day. The regular event was an
eigbteen-hole handicap play for men. ' A
silver cup offered by the club was the
trophy. Frederick Green won with a net
score of 99. C. A. Belden second with 103.
The other participants and their scores
were as follows: S. H. Boardmah 104 J
J. Crooks 106. R. A. Ingram 103 T. T*
Williams 106. E. J. Hooper 110, S. G. Buck
bee 31L Douglas Hardy 112, A. A. Curtis
115. D. Skinner 118. Major C. Chrlstianson
121, L. A- Wright 122, Colonel Draper 123.
A -match game was played between Fred
Beaver and S. G. Buckbee. Beaver had a
handicap of 16 and won, completing the
round In €7, while Buckbee played in 58.
The latter will pay for a dinner for
twelve.
FBZDEBICK £EEEN WINS
:^.\- CUT ON • EAFAEL LINKS
- "Will your. State- (or Territory) make
Its exhibit at the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position; greater .than its: exhibit, at the
Chicago Fair in 1S93?" ." .. .: - 1 .. .:
The answers received 'are almost uni
versally In the affirmative. Among , the
States and Territories heard from favor
ably are these: Indian Territory, New
Hampshire, Mississippi. Nebraska, MinneV
.sota, Alabama, South Carolina, Vermont:
Indiana, Wyoming. . New York, -Florida,
Georgia, Utah, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennes
see and Niorth Dakota.
. Chairman Houser of the' committee on
legislation has sent letters to.th'e Gover
nors of every-State and Territory- in. the
Union, except those where appropriations
had already been .made, asking for cer
tain information concerning the" sentiment
in- his State or Territory. . The ¦ respon-ses
to .those letters of Inquiry have .' been
prompt ; and enthusiastic, replies having
been received from . nearly- all of them.
One of the questions asked was: :
• ST. LOUIS, Aug. 24;-Already' eleven
States.and . Territories have. made liberal
¦appropriations for the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition, and others are about to do
so. The list of appropriations revised to
date, is as follows:,; . •
By the United States Government, $5,
000,000: 'city of St. Louis, '$5,000,000; cor-!
porations, companies arid Individuals; $5,-'.
000,000; Missouri. $1,000,000; Illinois;, $250,000;,
Congress • for Government building, $250,-:
000; Kansas, $75,000;. Colorado, $50,000;•""Ar
'lcansas, 540,000;, "Wisconsin, $S,000; Pennsyl
vania, $35,000; Arizona- (conditional), $30,
000; New Mexico^ $20,000; Hawaii,,. $15,000;
;total, ?16,790,000. ¦• , ' •. ' - - -
The printers acted to-night upon the ad
vice of Harry • M. Ogden of Cincinnati,
who is here as the representative of the
president of the International Typograph
lcal Union. No attempt :Is being made* to
fill the places of the printers, and the pa
per will not appear to-morrow morning.
Mrs. Jones announced that hereafter a
Sunday edition of the paper would not be
printed. ¦ ¦ '¦ - - ; •'¦¦>-:
The proposition was rejected, it being
claimed that the successors to the '.Press
Post Printing Company are bound by the*
contract with the News Writers' Union,
which declared a lockout at the estab
lishment a few. days ago,- when the news
department of the paper was abolished
and an attempt made to supply news
through a local bureau.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 24.— The prin
ters? pressmen and stereotypera employed
at the Press Post establishment quit- their
places to-night and later declared a lock
out. The paper was sold this evening" by
the Press Post Printing Company, of
which Clarence M. Jones is the. majority
stockholder, to Mr. Jones' mother, Mrs.
Kugene M. Jones, the consideration being
$100,000. Mrs. Jones at once assumed pos
session of the plant and submitted a prop
osition to the men In the mechanical de
partment to employ union printers,.press
men and stereotypers, but reserving, the
rlght-to employ, whom she chooses in the*
news department. . ' -, , -.
Money Pours In for the
; Louisiana Purchase: '¦'-
- ' Affair. ;.:':;
Paper Changes With-{
-- out. AvaiL
Ownership of Columbus
STATES FAVOR
THE EXPOSITION
Runs responsible for— Whalen 6: Dever
*aux, 2. Thre«-base hit— D*vereaux Two
fcase hite— Dcvereaux, Reilly 2. Sacrifice hits—
Doyle. WTialcn. Mclaughlin. Eheehan First
base on errors— San Francisco, 3. First base
on called balls-Whalen, 8. Left on bases-San
Francisco, 11; Sacramsnto. S. Struck out-By
2. Hit by pittBed ball— McGucken
Double plays— Shay to Krug to Nordyke-
Brockhcff to Krus?. Passed ball— Wilson Wild
I-ltch— Whalen. Time of game— 1:50 UmDirc-
Levy. Ecorer— Rutherford.
SUMMARY.
6cn Franrfsco .'. « 0 1000 100—2
Base hits 0 1 1 0 S 0 3 2 2-12
Sacramento 1 0 0 4 10001—7
Btse hlU 2«OJ210flO— 8
TotaJs JO 7 8 3 27 10 4
. Bt-TCS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dweteaui; p 4 2.5 0 3 2 0
HcXAughlin. If 2 II 2 5 1 0
Courtney, 2b 5 0 2 1 < 2 1
Dole, rf — 3 0 10 0 0 0
6t»nl<?y. c 3 10 0 111
.Aehenbach. lb 4 2 1 0 8 0 0
Fhcehan, Sb 3 10 0 8 2 0
McGucken. cf 3 0 10 2 0 0
Har.lon, t=s 3 0 0 0 112
Totals 39 2 12 0 27 15 1
• SACRAMEXTO.
BAN FRANCISCO.
„._,., : AB - R- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
£°rfiyke lb 6 0 8 0 11 1 • «
Erockhoff. ct 5 0 0 0 6 "*l 0
M'ilson. c 5 0 1 0 3 10
Schwartz, rf 6' 0 1 0 0 0' «
Klldebrand, If 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
eaay. M 4010220
Krug, 2b 4 0 2 0 4 4 0
BcStir. Sb 4 2 3 0 2 0 1
Whalen, p 3 0 1 6 0 6 0
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24— Wfcalen was
wild to-day and walked eight men and hit
McGucken. which in connection with the
eight hits made off his delivery gave the
game to Sacramento by a score of 7 to 2
pevereaux. pitched for the Senators and
eid pood work, allowing but twelve hits
end failed to walk a man. His four times
at the l>at netted two runs— a three-bag
ger and a two-base hit. The score:
Senators Win.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile i and a. six
teenth—Enghurst won, Senator Beveridge sec
ond,,. Charlie O'Brien third, lime, 1:51.
Sixth race. Belling. ; one mile and a half-
Fifth race, one mile and "a "sixteenth, purse—
W. B. Gates won,- Tony Lepping second, . Plead
third. Time, l:50»4. , ..-/...
," FORT ERIE, "Aug. 24.— Summary: ., .
Firfet race,'..flva and 'a.', toalf.' furlongs— Erina
won, Racebud second. Maggie W third. .Time,
1:07^/, •*:•¦ v . ••'•'¦. ¦; . ¦
• Second • race, ' four and a half • furlongs — Cir
cus i Girl won,- Santa ¦ Bonita . second. -• Vlvianl
third.- ...Time, :55. '. : . ' ' *.. _ . '.-.
Third race, : six furlongs— Young Henry *won,'
Flintlock second, Foneda third. -¦ -Time, 1:13%.
'¦¦< Fourth - race, • five furlongs— Juanita M I won.
Red Robe second, -Messina, third. ¦* Time,- 4:02%.
5 Fifth race, - one .mile and', an • eighth— Prince
of Song won; 'Little Tommy. Tucker second,'
Arganauta third.- '.Time. 1:55%..', •:": - .'.',,.-
Sixth race," about • one mile' and three-quar
ters, steeplechase — Mrs. ' Bradshaw won,' Inter
ference second, Golly .third.- .Time, .3:03. .
DETROIT.. Mich./ Auff." 24.— Windsor '¦ sum
mary::-..., -¦,...;..¦/...:';;•:,;.;:¦¦ \, ... ¦;
First race. Felling',', one mile— Hlndsdale won,"
Ten. Acre. second, /Governor Boyd third. Time,
•: Second -race, 'selling, .six furldngs-^-Zack Ford
won, Micou second; O'Lea third. - Time. 1:18%.
• ' Third race, handicap, two-year-olds, six fur
longs — tiaci-imea- won. Balm of Gllead second,
Newton Wi third. -Time, 1:18.- s - r- -v ...-,
1 Fourth race," selling, one mile— Amorsa won.
Rare Perfume second, Alice Mantellv third.
Time. 1:47%.-. '-.• - • . . • -.. ... <?.. . . .*
Third trace, -five furlongs, ¦ purse— Herods won,
Fretorius second, Ashbrook third.- Time, 1:02^4.
- Fourth race, cne mile, purse— Hi Nocker won,
Dan Dlxon second. Ben. Battle, third. Time,
1:42.; _-......- '¦
. First race, one mile and an eighth, purse—
Monos won, , Golden . Scepter second, Miss Liza
third. Time," 1:561/5.' . .. :
Second race, six and. a half furlongs, purse—
Olekma won. Greetings second. Bra w Lad third.'
Time, 1:23. r .
Third race, five furlongs, purse— Poison won,
Harry Shaffer second, Attel third. .Time, l:03V4.'
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs— Sweet
Dream won. Four Leaf. C second. Lord Neville
third." Time, 1:22^
• Fifth race,, six furlongs, purse — Peaceful won,'
. Verify second, Jim Clark third. Time, .1:15.
Sixth race, one" mile and a sixteenth, purse-
Ida Ledford won, Kasan second,. Meddlesome
third. Time, 1:47%. •.. • • , . :.
. Seventh race, seven furlongs, ..sellliif— Percy
R won.Benham second, John Morton third.
Time, 1:30.
ST. "LOUIS, Mo., : "Aug. 24.— Klnloch Park
summary:"* ¦ /; ¦ • "• — ='.;:: ~: ¦",
Second rate;.' one- mile,- selling— DIeudonne
yon, Nelcarnis second, ¦ Empyreal third. Time,
1:43%. .' . ¦ - -.- ¦• ¦-.¦¦:
- ST. LOUIS, Aug. '24.— Delmar Park.summarj"
.. First race, one, mile, selling— Terra' Incognita
won. Dandy Jim second, Miss Thresa third.
Time, 1:44%. ' • ¦ • ' ' ' .
¦ Seventh ¦- race, ,- six furlongs, selling— Zack
Phelps won, Bright Night second, Delia Os
¦ trand- third..- Time,' 1:21%. / '
Sixth, race, mile. . and .. a. quarter, selling-
Frangible won; Tammany Chief second, Odnor
third.. Time; 2:20. ¦". " ¦..', ...' ¦ -,--.,
Fourth race. Excelsior Stakes, mile and an
eighth— Telarnon, won, Leo Newell second.
Searcher third. Time, 2:06%.* .-...-^ ' ;.. .
Fifth race, six furlongs,, handicap— Vulcan
won, Maggie Davis second. Caviar third. 'Time.
1:20. • ,-. -. ¦:,• ,'. .-. .. : .
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Chan
cery won, MacLaren second, Corillo third/
Time; -3:01. • . . ' .: ' . •
First race,' seven furlongs— Brownie Ander
ron won,. Haviland second, ¦ Sam Lazarus Ksq.
third.. Time, l:32l£. . . . .. '
Second race,., five .furlongs, selling— Muresca
won. Jack Rattlin second, Pyrrho third. Time.
CHICAGO.'. Aug.' 24.— Hawthorn* summary:
EASTERNS RACES.
- SARATOGA, Aug. 24. — Summary:
First race, seven furlongs, handicap— Belle of
Lexington won, Agne9 D second. Locket third.
Time, 1:30. , .
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Blue Away won, Alfred VaxErave second, Astor
third. Time. ,1:51. • ..^ • -•
Third race, the Adirondack Handicap for two
year-olds, six furlongs— Smart Bet won, Satur
day second, '.Leonid third. Time.- 1:16 3-5.
Fourth race, the- Saratoga Cup. for three
year-olds and upward, mile and five-eighths —
Blues won,'. Baron Pepper second. Imp third.
Time, 2:62 2-5. 'v ; -.-. • V ; \ • •
Fifth race, steeplechase handicap, full course
—Trillion won, Bacchanal second. Bulllngdon
third.. .Time, 6:30. . . . .... r .
Sixth race, ¦ mile' and a " sixteenth— Herbert
won, Chuctanunda second, Lucent third. Time,
1:50 1-6. ' . • . ¦ « '¦¦-¦¦
- Sixth race, five, furlongs— Amasa won. Hattie
Perkins second. Searchlight third. Time. 1-03
Seventh .racer mile and an eighth— Tom ' Cal
vert won, El Mldo second. The Buffoon third
Time, l:55«i. -. ' , : . •; - - ,.. -..,-
Third race.- five and a half furlongs-Sir
gS 11^! 1 ' ST S y 8eco ? d - Mo - taln
Fourth race, one mile— Kenova won. Rosor
monde second, - Decapo third. Time 1*43M
Fifth race, one mile, gentlemen riders— Phil
Archibald won. Guilder second.' Favorito third,
xirnc,' 1 lz50. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ .v' - * . ¦ • ¦ * - . ...,-. ,
I First race, slxJturlongs-Yule j won, Abbylelx
L second, Tom King third. . Time, 1:16 ¦ -
race, five - furlongs— Estado won.
Pirate Maid second. Prestonian . third. Time!
BUTTE.' Mont.. Aug. 24.-^Results:
BOSTON, Aug. 24.-Ther9.wa6 much stupid
playing by both teams to-day and many close
decisions against Boston.' The crowd started
for Cantllllon, the umpire, at the close of the
game, but* the home team kept them back and
hurried him on! the field. Attendance. 5827.
Score: ¦
4'-;""- ; • '¦•¦ r. h/ e.
Boston 2 7 3
Cleveland 4 ' 8 1
¦Batteries— Lewis 'and Criger; Dowling and
Connor. - N ...
PonTlurf G TtaeT 2 :7r- T ° PmaSt * eCOnd - Cey "
• Seventh race,' selling, seven and a half fur
longs— Aloha II xvon, Marion Lynch second,
Dr. Fannie third. .. Time, 1:39,;'? \^.r ..
• Batteries— Foreman and Bresnahan; Dupee,
Callahan and Sugden.
-. BALTIMORE," Aug. .24.— Baltimore defeated
Chicago easily this afternoon. Attendance,
2224. Score: . . .¦...;
\r..'.\ h.'; ¦ e. :
Baltimore '.,.. ;.io 15 3
Chicago ......; ;.....;,...;.. 4 10 "3
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— CarrlcK and Reidy.
fought a pretty battle to-day, and the only
run of the game was scored on an error. At
tendance, 2499. ' Score:' . .-.-•-•
R. H. • E.
Washington ,. 0 6 ' 1
Milwaukee .......; l. " 7 .1
Batteries— Carrick and Clarke; Reldy and Ma
loney. •'..,.... . : • ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . ¦ "* :
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The two' National
League baseball games which- were to . have
been played between the - Brooklyn and New
York clubs were postponed on account of rain.
: Batteries — Hughes and Kahoe; Sudhoff and
Schrlever. Umpire— O 1 Day. . - • -.
CHICAGO, Aug:. 24.— Hushes had ; the Bt.
Louis team completely fooled to-day, allowing
¦but three scattered hits and getting credit for
eleven strike-outs, every man excepting' Pad
den falling a victim to his curves. Attendance,
4200. Score: , _¦ •
' - - ¦ " ' R. H. E.
Chicago ¦¦;..; ..5 7 1
St. Louis 1 3 3
EASTERN BASEBALL.
: . NATIONAL LEAGUE. .
BOSTON, Aug. .24.— Boston . lost to-day by
wretched work in the field. Attendance, 1800.
Score: ,'.•-.
* " ' ' " - - - R_ H E
Philadelphia ....13 12 1
Boston ..• 5 6 6
Batteries— Willis, Dlneen and Kittredge;
Townsend and McFarland. Umpire— Dwyer.
Edicts Recently Issued
by the Empress
Dowager.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The State De
partment has received by mail from Mr.
Squiers, Charge d' Affaires at Peking, sev
eral edicts issued within recent months
by the Empress Dowager urging upon the
officials of China every exertion to secure
men of talent for conducting Government
affairs and also censuring the abuses
which have grown up under the old ad
ministration. •
The. edicts direct greater liberality in
classical examination and provide for the
study of political economy in addition to
the studies under the old regime. The
\buses and corruption which have existed
under the boards that heretofore have
ruled China are set forth in emphatic lan
guage, and all officials are directed to as
sist in rooting out evils and establishing
a better system of administration.
Robert Johnstone, 36, 37, 37, 38, total 148;
C. E.- Maud, 37. 40. 37. 36—150; J. Melville,
3S, 39, 39. 37—153; George Smith, 39, 37,-40,
37—153; F. J. Reilly, 42, 38, 38, 38—156; H.
M. Sears, 39, 42. 38. 3^— 158; Harry Rawlins,
40, 42. 41, 37-160; E. Folger. 40, 39. 40. 42—
161; W. J. Bradley, 40, 42, 40, 40—162; F. S.
Stratton, 38, 45, 44, 40-7-167; J. "W. Byrne.
42, 38. 44, 44-^168; C. E. Orr, 42, 38. 47, 42—
,169; Dr;- Walter, 43; 44, : 40,7 42— 169; C. P.
Hubbard. 39, 41, 44, 46— 170; John La wson,
48, 44. 43, 41— 176; A. -Bell, 48, 41. 46, 43-^178;
R. M. Fitzgerald, 45.42,:47, 47—181. .
. The game necessitated making the cir
cuit of the eight holes-four times and the
complete score is as follows:
Quite a concourse of enthusiasts gath
ered at the links during the forenoon
hours to see the first- coast open cham
pionship at golf decided, at thirty-six
holes... Charles E. Maud played his usual
strong game, but was defeated by a nar
row margin only through the superb play-,
ing of Robert Johnstone, th*e professional
from the Presidio links.' San -Francisco.
Jim Melville, -the Del Monte- professional,
was also in good fettle, • dividing third
money with George Smith, each making
an excellent; score.- F. J.. Reilly, the Burr.
lingame professional, played- a -very catchy:
game and in the near future will probably
meet the winner ¦ in a match ' at Burlin
game. Johnstone received a cash prize. of
$100 for his skill, Maud a" medaland Mel
ville the third money. .. |
Johnstone Beats ' Maud.
Charley Dunphy took the final two-mile
race for ponies with C.'E. Maud's mare
Gertrude. Mr. Carolan on Floradora and
Mr. Hobart astrtde Clio walted'a trifle too
long, leaving it a cakewalk -for Gertrude.
The mutuels paid $8 20. . " • .- -.
work but two, Smiff Box and Red jacket,
were left in the pony steeplechase,
over one mile -.. and . a half. The
smart ones,' getting do,wn. on' Snuff r Box,
had their fingers pinched, for: if did not
come out according to. programme.- Rich
ards" rated ' along with* Red \ Jacket to the
strefch the. last. time, : when he let go "his
wraps and won with pounds to spare.
The mutuels paid $10 SO/ ••.
There was nothing 'to oppose Mestor In
the open steeplechase; and with Dick To
bin up he fell heir, to another walkover.
HANY REFORMS
ARE PROMISED
; Frank Carolan took a small party on
across-country ride early this morning In
his party were the Misses Nita and Gene-"
vieve Harvey, Miss Marie Wells, Miss
™£.f*S r ? cker ' Down ey Hawrey and Will
AlcK-ittrick. -••••
*. « h . e bal1 thIs ev enlng brought the fes
tivities to a happy, climax. The ladles
donned their handsomest gowns and for
the first time made a gorgeous display of
jewels. Previous to the dance Mrs. Scott
pave a dinner in honor of Miss Caro
Crockett. Covers were laid for twenty.
The waiters are also wearing sad. long
faces to-day. Some garcon got a tip on
Heartsease." In a splendid burst of con
fidence he) told the other knights of the
napkin his secret. A pool was formed and
all of the J7o thus raised was put on
Heartsease. The waiters are not betting
he gave $700 for a Hobart horse, which he
expected to rid© to victory. He is a very
sad little boy and really glad that he still
has his watch.
tf% ; EL;M0NTE, Aug. 24.- Miss Caro
I 11 Cfockett Is the golf champion of
* I •- II -.the-, Pacific Coast. ¦¦ She woniher
fJ-L^'- " honors by a score of one up in a
-hard fought battle," that showed,
to splendid advantage her Tare grit and
amiable .. temperament. : The .. .champion
bears .her -victory, modestly and in .most
becoming, fashion. She received the con
gratulations 'of her friends and hosts of
admirers' in-' a simple, girlish fashion, that
was ve.ry' attra'ctive. ". ''¦'•"V ' '.' . '- ¦ '"*
.- After gdlf the swimming contest, for a
silver cup trophy by subscription, was
the event of the unusually busy morning.
Mrs.^ Henry Scott acted as starter. Miss.
-Rutherford, came in first, the other ladies
crossing the. mark in the following order:
Miss Collier, Miss McNutt, Mrs. "Walter
Martin,' Miss Parrctt, the Misses Harvey,
Mrs. Downey Harvey, Miss Marie Wells,
Miss Therese Morgan, Miss Ella Morgan'
and Miss Moffitt. ¦.. . ' .. •
Yesterday, was a great day for the Caro
lyns and* their friends: to-day a mixture
of Carolan and Hobart. The signal
triumph : of the Carolan stables was for
them a matter at general rejoicing and
mutual^ congratulations. In the evening
Mr. and Mrs. Carolan celebrated their
many victories . by a delightful and in
formal supper at the clubhouse. "
_Those who bet and won money on the
Carolan ,, stables ? say they took their » tip
from- a- rumor that went the rounds of
swell circles several months ago. Gossip
had it then that Mrs.- Cardan's ambition
was for her husband to beat Hbbart. To
gain her -ends, it was said, Mrs. Caro
lan s instructions were that no money
was to be spared. How wisely the lady
planned artd how well her instructions
were followed out yesterday's results
show. - • . .
A' youth much the wlaer'for his experi
ences of yesterday • is Charlie Dunphy.
Charlie, it is said, wanted to "flash if*
here. With this scintillating end in view
FINAL. -SCENES IN THE SPORT
CARNIVAL ON DEL' MONTE
. TRACK AND FIELD.
CANNOT DODGE
THE CONTRACT
When Fusillade, with his owner, Francis
Carolan, up; Viola, ridden -by Charles
Dunphy, and Buckthorn answered 5 post
call for the Del Monte cup there really
was some slight show of enthusiasm.
Fusillade ruled a decided favorite In the
mutuels, and outclassing the other start
ers never experienced any tempestuous
weather. Passing Viola on the back
stretch, the favorite gradually opened up
a big gap of daylight, dropping in at the
wire twenty lengths In front In 1:48. Buck
thorn ran third forty lengths behind.
Viola. The mutuels panned out but $6 20.
After the scratching, blank had done'-its
Some Interest in Cup Event.
Races "Were Not Exciting.
Prince Ponlatowski, R. II. Tobln and J.
Rathbone presided in the stand. Speedy
Terry McGovern, with Walter Hobart up,
proved too fast for Charley Dunphy's
Lady Betty In the opening five furlong
handicap. Terry shouldered 167 to 162 on
the Lady and won galloping In 1:03^.
Mutuels paid $6 90. Chaquiro, with Mr.
Flowers up, was the only other starter. .
: Xext came a quarter-mile dash, which
marked the Initial appearance on a Cali
fornia course of the Colorado wonder, Sil
ver Dick*. - Only Topo, owned by. Charley
Dunphy, and Little Joe. the Bettner entry,'
accepted the issue. The event was divest
ed of all interest by Topo twice running
away with Dunphy. Flsentez, a profcs
sional, then climbed on the black fellow's
back. At the start Dick took the lead and
won all the way, hard held by Hobart.
Time, :24. . Little Joe was never in it. The
mutuels paid $5 75.
The Galloway' race at five furlongs, for
horses fifteen hands and under, owned
and to be ridden by members of thd Pa
cific Coast Polo and Pony Racing Asso
ciation, also furnished but three starters.
Nullah. 163, piloted by "Walter Hobart. had
a strong call In the mutuels, even though
Charley Dunphy and his friends sent it in
on Graclas, carrying 171. The pair namerl
raced head and head for three furlongs,
when Gracias had enough and Nullah
breezed in first by three .lengths in 1:01.
Lady Bell never cut a figure after getting
away poorly. The mutuels paid. $6 10. ;••
|p\ EL MONTE, Aug. 24.— A very
\\ fashionable and select gathering
II assembled at the track this after
i\..sS noon to see the last of the pony •
racing. Th^e paramount feature
was the race for the Del Monte cup over
a mile, and Francis Carolan earned still
further laurels by capturing the hanil-.
some trophy with Fusillade, a handsome
little chestnut by | the English sire St.
Leger. Nearly all of the events were de
prived of interest because of scratching
and the cup race was no exception. Emu
lating the example set by Carolan the
previous day Walter Hobart took the first
three numbers successively with Terry
McGovern, Sliver Dick and Nullah. Fa
vorites swept everything before them and.
the mutuel tickets yielded very small re
turns. ...
Runs responsible for— Johnson, 4. Two-base
hits— Atherton (2). C. Reilly. Arrellanes. Sac
rifice hits— Croll, Kelly, Bowman. First base
on errors — Los Anzeles, 1; Oakland, 1. First
base on called balls — Los Angrles, 6; Oakland,
*. Left on bases— Los Angeles, 7; Oakland 5
Struck out— By Hale. S; by Johnson, 2, by Bab
bitt, 1. Double plays— Bowman to Kelly
Francks to Arrellanes to Hansen to Eaean to
Babbitt, Kelly to .Hutcbinson. Time of game
1:50. Umpire — Hartlle. Official Ecorer— Mc-
Farlln. ......
SUMMARY.
L«os Angeles 2 0 2 0 10 0 0 1—6
Base hits 3 0 2 0 0 10 12—9
Otkland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 0 0 10 10 1—3
Totals .„ ....28 0 3 3 27 14 1
RtTXS AND HITS BT IXXINGS.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drenn&n, c t 10 0 3 2 0 0
Francks. es. ......... 4 0 0 0 6 6 0
ftreib, lb 4 0 1 0 9 2 0
Kagan, Sb 4 0 0 -0 1 4 0
Dunle&ry, 1. f 3 0 10 0 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 10 2 11
Babbitt, p. and r. f. 3 0 0 0 4 0 - 0
K^nsen. c 2 0 0 0 3 10
Johnson, p .0 0 0 0 0 0 0
MoEkixn&n, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 6 9 0 27 13 2
OAKLAND. - . ,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
ReitzSb 4 110 0 2 0
Hutcbinson, lb 3 2 1 0 10 0 0
Croll. c. f 4 110 2 0 0
Atherton, r. t 4 2 2 0 4 .0 0
C. BeJIly, 2b 5 0 3 0 0 6 1
Bowman, 1. f 3 0 10 2 10
Kelly, es 3 0 0 0 4 2 1
Spies, c 4 0 * 0 T> 6 1 0
Hale, p 8 0 0 0 0 10
LOS ANGELES.
. The game Itself was one sided, the An
gels finding Johnson, •who pitched the first
few Innings, with such ease that Babbitt
was substituted. Hale was too much for
.the Dudes, who played in shipshod fash
ion. Pop Hardie, dressed in a minstrel
coat of blue with yellow collar, officiated
as an umpire in Graves' place. . .
The rowdyism of the players will be in
vestigated by the league in the near fu
ture. Morley tides with Captain Reilly,
and says that Spies will be fined not only
for his failure to keep moving after his
hit but also for connecting with Reilly's
right ear. Spies says he does not care
and if the worst comes to the worst will
heave his Job Into midair. Score:
But that was not all. When the teams
filed out of the grounds ex-Umpire Graves
was there, and he used evil sounding
•words to Hutchinson, at the same time
displaying a knife. Hutchinson threw his
bat at Graves and the gathering crowd
prevented further disturbance.
rhiring the eighth inning, when the
southerners were on the bench, a wordy
war arose between Spies and Reilly.
Spies lost his temper and smote Reilly
on the right ear, drawing blood. Reilly,
filled with the fury of. vengeance, seized
a bat and was about to use it on the
pugilistic catcher, when Spies closed in.
wrested the bludgeon from his hands and
grappled with htm. Then the police and
the small boy put in an appearance and
for the time all 'was noise, riot and con
fusion. The crowd cheered for Spies and
hooted at Reilly, whose kicking methods
have not won favor. After that the game
went on, but as the crowd had been gra
tuitously treated to a real fight the base
ball end of It was submerged as far as
Interest went.
Manag-er Morley, feeling none too happy
over certain fistic demonstrations of Um
pire Graves on Friday evening, was In
attendance at the game yesterday after
noon at Recreation Grounds.' This time
his team of bellicose Angels broke the
Ice of defeat and ¦whitewashed, the Dudes,
but that was of no moment to the public,
as the game was listless and of the drag
ging- sort until the eighth inning, at which
time" Internecine war broke out. In the
ranks of the Angels and blood was let.
The police and an army of small boys
who jumped the fence and swarmed upon
the field Quelled the riot- •
This is how It happened. About the
middle of the game, during an Inning of
the Angels, Spies— mirthful, mild, docile
Hank — was at bat, with two men out and
a man on third. He hit the ball within
the limits of the lnfleld and stopped run
ning, thinking he was a dead one before
the umpire pronounced his fate. As luck
would have It, the ball was juggled.. and
but for this slowing, down of Spies a run
would have been scored and he would
have been safe at first. Then Captain An
gel Reilly said something nasty to him
end levied a fine of $10 -on his salary. •
Los Angeles 6, Oakland O.
Bellicose Angels Come ; to
Blows During a T Match
Game.
Reilly Swings the Stick
but Spies Lands on
His Ear. .
FIST FIGHT ON
BASEBALL FIELD
liggjfi&SA^
Racing Events Deprived of.
Interest on Account ;.. of
the Wholesale Scratching
24
S Seek Robust Health
Specialists for All Private Diseases §
¦ The Reputation ¦ • ¦ • la thousand*- of cases, -its curative sa- fl
_ _ ¦ . . . - ¦ • premacy is as certain as the rise of the a
OI ThlS Institution fun, and these splendid remedies are skill- H
fully administered bo that their effect ts f.J
Is the most valued acquisition it has. No the most effective— their cure a nerfect ;|J
physicians could have grown and prospered cure. - p*vT - ? ¦ • g
for twenty years unless their treatments „ , *•'« rv *-- e
were successful and satisfactory. The man Every Known r
who stops and thinks of the rapid and con- "s'V- '" * * D
stant progress of this institution, . of - its Curative Agency "
thousands of cures of its warm esteem In Is a mon , e nfs reach of these physi- \
the public mind, feels convinced that its - clans. . Their equipment surpasses any other t
methods must bo superior and its results ln the West . Tnelr offlceSt laboratories. \
,more satisfactory than that of the tram of pharmacal department, reception rooms and »
•physicians who endeavor to imitate it. ¦ _ offices are Hner in appointment than any £
Dr. Meyers & Co. were not always tlic others ln the State • ¦
largest men's Institute. They have become . " _ . p,
the largest by naturaL growth-one .man All Private Diseases of Men Q
recommending it to another, one friend ad- - ~~ m
¦ vising it to another friend. Are treated, successfully. . A thorough cure, N
No impossible claims : are set (orth. a permanent cure, a painless cure, and a W
Nothing bold and doubtful Is advertised, speedy cure, these are tbe distinct features II
No statement Is made that cannot be verl- of Dr. JIeyer3 & Co.'s methods. No matt JJ
fled by each one of the 20.000 patients who who is acquainted with tha splendid sac- h
have been treated. •• cesa of ¦ these physicians and compares it. ¦
. ¦ • with the efforts of other physicians could ft!
Their Methods of Curing Men hesitate one moment. a
¦Have.none of that false mystery ¦ about HOME CURES.' : '
them. These physicians cure because they , ¦ • "H
understand. Their treatments ara founded Dr. Meyers & Co. s home-cure system has jj
on the solid rock of legitimate medicine— been a success for many years. If you can- 0
no absurd, discoveries, no experimenting, not call, write for private book for men. H
Every remedy used is known to be tbe best symptom blanks, terms and other pap- t*
of its kind, its fiction has. been proved titulars. All correspondence confidential. .' . ; H
pliilillKilM^iili
Hours— Daily, 9 to 12, 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11. • H
_ ¦•' '-"- ¦-•'-' ¦ ' nALAMEDA, Aug. 24.— Within a few
moments alter her arrival from
a Journey that extended half
way across the continent, Miss
The local Belgian colony last night
tendered a farewell banquet at a down
town' restaurant to Leon . Guislain, late
Belgian Consul at this port and recently
appointed to. the newly created Belgian
Consulate' General , at Manlla.P. I. The
banquet <¦ was attended bT .about fifty of
the • Consul's .compatriots and friends.
Numerous speeches ' were made and Mr.
Guislain was > made to realize that while
his friends felt the utmost gratification
at his promotion,' they were sorry, to lose
him. V 1
Tendered a Farewell Banquet.
¦ Umpire Graves has come and gone. Pop
Hardie will take the Angels' kicks to-day.
Jlmmie Sullivan will in all probability
be signed by: Sacramento. ,; •;
Ewing ' Is looking for Mohler, second
baseman, for Denver this season. V
Croll,. who'is. now * playing center -for
Los Angeles in the' absence of s House
holder, expects to go north next "week. =
The league magnates met last night and
imposed a fine j of $50 . on Catcher Spies
f or , his assault •, on Captain Reilly. : Man
ager ." Morley ~ fined ¦ him "$25: in ; addition."
Spies will certainly be poorer and sadder
Baseball Notes.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Percy Rogers F'ox,
aged 29 years, and Mabel McCord. 19, both
of Alameda: Charles John MacDonald. 21
years and over, San Francisco, and Cyn
thia Inez Palmer, 18 years and over, Oak
land; William Price Prindle, 33* and Alice
Anthony. 24, both of Oakland; James Al
bert Gantier, 21 years, and Esther Bar
low, 19. both of Oakland: Charlotte Bruce
Nord, 39 years, and. "William Judson Lund,
24. both of Oakland; John Hansen, 32
years, Watsonvllle, and Anna Maud
Smith, 24, Oakland: Bert Marshall Lee, 26
years, and Susan Slater Plngr, 19/ both of
San Francisco.
Licenses to Marry.
SANTIAGO, Chile, via. Galveston,
Texas, Aug. 24.— The papers here an
nounce that the United States Minister
to Chile. Henry L. Wilson, will soon re
tire and devote his time to commerce,
representing several American firms.
Minister to Chile "Will Retire.
' LONDON, Aug. 24.— The Daily Chron
icle has obtained from. Lord Rothschild
a denial of any connection with or knowl
edge of the reported American copper
trust.. "My firm has no copper mines,"
he is reported to have said, "and I never
heard before of Senator Clark." On the
London Metal Exchange yesterday the re
port that the Rio Tintos would enter sucn
a trust was discredited.
No Copper Trust for Rothschild.
Ed Kebabin. a special policeman em
ployed by Curtin's Detective Agency,
was attacked by several". men, presuma
bly strikers, last night as he alighted
from a car at the corner of Second and
Bryant streets. The men took his revol
ver from him. Kebabin was treated at
the Central . Emergency I lospltal.
Special Officer Beaten.
A vacant house at 13&8 Post street,
owned by Adolph Roos,~ was visited by
thieves yesterday afternoon and stripped
from cellar to basement of every metal
fixture that • could bo broken off or
unscrewed. The thieves got away with
more than $500 worth of gas - fixtures,
and in getting them, did considerable
damage' to they walls. The matter was
reported to the police and detectives
have been' detailed to locate the stolen
property and if. possible run down . the
thieves, who have been operating in this
manner quite extensively • of late.
Steals All the Gas Fixtures.
Eugene Tougar, a colored non-union
stevedore, was convicted and sentenced
by Judge Cabanis3 yesterday to pay a
fine of $50 for carrying a , concealed
weapon. He was working on the Pacific
Mail dock and made disparaging remarks
about the white men who were at work.
His remarks were resented and he made
a motion toward bis hip pocket. He was
overpowered and' when searched a loaded
¦ revolver was found in his pocket.
Non-TJnion Stevedore Fined.
LONDON, Aug. 24.— "Three thousand
laborers engaged in constructing a branch
of the Southern Railway from Prengels
to Bahia Blanca have gone on strike, al
leging that their wages are in arrears,"
a dispatch to the Tiroes from Buenos
Ayres. "Most of them are armed and they
have assumed a menacing attitude. The
Government has ordered troops to the
scene." *
Big Strike Near Buenos Ayres.
VALLEJO, Aug. 24.— Rosweli H. Lon
gan. a young man of this city, was run
over by a train at Napa Junction this
afternoon. Both of his legs were cut off.
He was put on a down train and brought
to this city, but died rrom the nervous
shock and loss of blood before reacli'ns
here. Longan had been a brakeman in
the Southern Pacific employ. He leaves
a mother, two brothers and two sisters.
Vallejoan Killed by a Train.
Bartley . Gorham, a - longshoreman^ re
siding at 427 Clementina street, was
knocked down by Folsom-street car No.
1097 at' the corner of East and Folsom
streets last night and severely Injured.
He was taken to the Harbor Emergency
Hospital, where his injuries; which con
sisted of a laceration of the eyebrow, a
broken. wrist and several scalp wounds,
were dressed. The car was in charge of
Conductor H. Lincoln: and M. D. Allen,
who stated that Gorham, who was intoxi
cated, attempted to cross the track in
front of the car. . Both the carmen were
charged v/ith battery at the Harbor Po
lice Station and Gorham was held at tha
hospital for observation. .
Knocked Down by an Electric Car
The second ! cup went to L.' C. Boyd,
business manager of the Milwaukee
Journal, who defeated W. T. G. Bristol
of Midlothian. ¦ • •— ¦< :
The third cup was -won by Sam Dugger
of Hinsdale, v.ho defeated .W. R. Os
borne of Glenview in the finals by 1 up.
Forty-seven started in the handicap
competition, which ' was won by. Charles
Counselman Jr.", .who had an allowance of
four holes. He made the thirty-six holes
in 168. his allowance making his net score
164. W. Egan, on scratch, won second
prize with a score of 166. He also won the
gold medal for the Lest gross score. •
PHELPS B. HOYT WINS •/
: WESTERN GOLF TOURNEY
Semi-Finals and Finals Played on the
Midlothian' Club
Links.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— Phelps B. Hoyt of
the Glenview Club and one of the veteran
players of the West, won the Western
amateur golf championship at Midlothian
to-day by defeating Bruce D. Smith of
the Onwentsia Club in the finals of the
Western Golf Association tournament by
a score of 6 up and 5 to play. .. »
Young Russell of Detroit, who, because
of his brilliant play on Friday was looked
upon bv many as the probable winner of
the much-coveted honor, was defeated in
the semi-finals by Smith, 4 up and 3 to
play. Russell was decidedly off in put
ting, while his oponent played the game
of his life. -Medal score for the match:
Hoyt— Out ....5 5 5 6 5 5 6 .'4 6— 45
In. .7 5.5 6 5 • • • *.•— 20
Smith— Out ............ 5 5 7 5 5 6 8 5 4— 50
In .............. 6 6 4 7* • • • «_23
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa., Aug. 24.— J. Og
den Armour, head of the great Chicago
packing corporation, who has been tak
ing a vacation at Watkins Glenn, N. Y.,
has been* stricken with an alarming ill
ness. So grave has his condition become
that yesterday his family phvsicians were
summoned by telegram from Chicago.
They arrived to-night, and it is eaid to be
their intention to take Armour back to
Chicago in his private car if his condi
tion wiH permit.
Severe Illness Attacks Armour.
HAVANA, Aug. 21.— The Military Gov
ernment has received a dispatch that all
the letters requisitorial in the Neely case
have been properly executed, except those
from ' Heath, Galloway and Letterman,
from whom favorable advices have been
received, and these will be secured in a
few days. In only two instances were
refusals met with. The president and
treasurer of the Kes'less Lock Company
of Muncie, ind., suggested sending the pa
pers by cpecial messenger, and to this
suggestion acting 'Governor Scott has re
plied favorably. , ' : 'c : '
Neely Case Papers Nearly Ready!
Mrs. Henry L. Brooks, wife of a news
paper man. while alone in her residence
at 1573 Taylor street last night was dis
turbed by the sound of footsteps in the
hall beneath her. She went to the head
of the stairs and saw a man moving
stealthily about the foot of them. .
She cried out, and the intruder made a
dash for the door and disappeared.
The matter • was reported to the police
and an officer was sent from the Nortn
End station to investigate. It was found
that the nocturnal visitor had secured an
entrance by forcing open the front door.
as H? Finds His Pres
ence Is Known.
Intruder Dashes From House as So^n
BURGLAR FRIGHTENED
', BY WOMAN'S SCREAMS
Tragedy in Nogales Saloon,
NOGALES. Ariz., Aug. 24.— In the
of Z. G. Gates last night William Schuster.
a well-known mining man. v/as ehot and
*s tally wounded by Bob Whiteside. Gates
tnd Whiteside fled across the line into
'¦iCX'CQ.
A matchless story is a novel that ends
without a wedding.
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— While on hia way
hcroe from work to-night Daniel Middel
storb, a carpenter, residing • at 875 Six
tieth street, dropped deal on car 12S of
the Grove-street electric road. The body
was taken to the Morgue. Middelstorb
was 65 years old, a native of Germany.
Drops Dead on a Car.
DAYTON. Fla.. Aug. 24.— Colonel and
Mrs. C. C. Post, alias Helen Telmans. and
Charles F. Burgman, mental scientists,
who were arrested at Seabreeze Friday,
charged with using the mails for fraudu
lent purposes, returned to-day from Jack
sonville, where they had been taken for
preliminary trial before United States
Commissioner Archibald. They waived
examination and a bond of 55000 each was
required and given. The case will come
up in December in the United States Dis
trict Court.
Give Heavy Bonds for Freedom.
Brotherton Leads in Long-Distance
Event and Muller in '
Accuracy.
There was but a small^ attendance at
Stow Lake yesterday owing to the ab
sence of President Mansfield, who is in
the East, and the fact that a number of
other members are out of town on their
vacations.
A. E. Mocker came from Capltola, where
he is summering, to take part in the
events, but did not cast in his usual good
fornV. Brotherton led in the long . dis
tance with 110 feet, and was the only one
who got beyond the century mark. Mul
ler carried off the honors In the accu
racy with 83 4-12 per- cent. Battu> was
high man in delicacy with 84 10-12. per
cent. There were but three contestants
in the lure casting event, namely Broth
erton. Battu and Edwards, the former
winning with a score of 94 9-15 per cent.
The scores: '
FLYCASTERS GATHER
FOR PuEGULAR CONTESTS
Popular Piece Will Be Put on With
Extraordinary Care by Man
ager Stevens. .
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— "Sapho" will 'be
revived by Manager Stevens at the Dewey
Theater next week. The piece has been
played to big houses twice before at the
popular theater and the management ex
pects to repeat the success with the play
that has attracted such wide attention.
It will be produced and staged with the
same care and attention to detail that
have characterized all the plays at the
Dewey. Manager Stevens has engaged
some new, people, to strengthen the regu
lar cast.
"SAPHO* TO BE PLAYED
AT THE DEWEY THEATER
WOODLAND, Aug. 24.— The Fortieth
Agricultural District Fair will beein here
next Monday and continue six days. The
pavilion exhibits promise to be especially
attractive and the live stock exhibit will
be larger than ever before. The racing will
be an interestins feature.
Woodland's District Fair.
Judge Cabaniss made a formal order yes
terday instructing the police department
to deliver to the Selby Smelting Company
gold bricks and bars valued at $134,000.
part of those vrhich were stolen by Jack
Winters and recovered from the bay at
Vallejo Junction. »
Last Act in Selby Robbery Case.
Frank Dyer Chester. Consul at Buda
pest, Hungary, reports that Budapest
as ceased to be the center of the East
European prune market. He has in
quired carefully and is of the opinion
that the European crop will be smaller
than last year/ The Boenian crop will
be medium and the Servian crop weak.
Last year's crop of prunes is about con
sumed. The crop in France promises to
be poor and an export to that country is
expected.
Christian Vogeli, Vice Consul General
at Belgrade, Servia, reports that there
has been continuous rain for fourteen
days and therefore the prospects of a
crop of prunes in some districts have been
completely destroyed. In Schabatz, the
most important of the Servian prune dis
tricts, there will be less than half a crop
¦compared with 1900. The prospects are
very poor for the Servian prune men
generally for the season.
F. W. Jackson, United States Consul at
Patras, Greece, reports the following
opening prices: New Vostizza currants,
6 cents per pound; new Amalia currants,
4 3-10 cents per pound; provincials (cur
rants)* In general. 4 1-5 cents per pound.
Zante shipments and prices will be large
ly regulated from Patras.
Concerning walnuts United States Vice
Consul T. W. Murton reports from Gre
noble, France, that the prospects for a
good output in his district .have been im
proved by fine weather and the crop will
be equal, if not superior, to, that «f 1900
if there is no disaster.
CONSULS TELL OF CROP
PROSPECTS IN EUROPE
Products That Come Into Competi
tion With. California's Industries
Are Considered.
Several valuable reports have been re
ceived by the Commercial Museum from
American Consuls abroad in reference to
crops of 1301 that come into competition
with the products of California. Beir
jamin S. Rldgley, Consul at Malaga, has
reported, confirming his previous state
ment, that the prospects for an abun
dant raisin crop in Spain are»good. The
weather has been favorable and the in
sects have not damaged the vines.. He
estimates the. total crop at 1,000,000 to
1.250,000 boxes.
started for the Pacific Coast to meet the
man of her choice. The ceremony was to
have taken place at 8 o'clock, but as the
train was late It was perforce delayed an
hour and a half. Mr. Ferguson met his
bride as she stepped off the boat at San
Francisco, and together they came to Al
ameda. It was after 9:30 when they ar
rived at the parsonage of the Rev. Frank
S. Brush of Versailles avenue, pastor or
the First Presbyterian Church, where, in
the presence of only a few old friends, the
marriage ceremony was performed. No
bridesmaids were in attendance nor was
there a wedding supper, but a copious
shower o/ rice and discarded shoes fol
lowed the .happy couple as they drove
away from the parsonage.
Jeffersonville. Ind., was formerly the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Ferguson.
Together they attended the same
Bchool, graduating at the same time.
When the war with Spain was declared
young Ferguson Joined the One Hundred
LONDON. Aug. 21.— The Duke of Port
land's William III won the Hurst Park
Lennox stakes of £2000 for- three-year
olds, distance enc mile and a half, at the
Hurst Rark Club's August meeting to
day. W. C. Whitney's Volodyovsky, L.
Ileiff up, was second, and Energetic came
in third. Five horse3 ran.
Volodyovsky Is Seaten.
In answer to the questions of the police
official the unfortunate lad said his moth
er was addicted to liquor and frequently
drove him away from home after brutal
ly beating' him. It Is the intention of tho
police to turn «.he boy over to the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
A poorly clad, half-starved boy, who
gave his name as Eddie Conwell and his
residence at 6ir. Birch avenue, timidly en
tered the central police station last even
ing and asked tha sergeant In charge to
provide" him with a place, to sleep. He
handed the sergeant a note signed by
Meyer Bloom of 640 Grove street. In which
the writer said that the boy had been
shamefully neglected by his mother and
requested that he be sent to some private
Institution.
Eddie Conwell Seeks Shelter
in Prison.
Driven From Horns by His Mother,
While the war 'was in progress Miss
Ferrier removed with her parents from
Jeffersonville to Chicago, where her father
has large interests. She is a handsome
young woman and an accomplished musi
cian.
HALF-STARVED BOY
SEEKS POLICE AID
, Mr. Ferguson distinguished himself in
the war by performing an act of bravery
at the battle of Santiago. Colonel Durbin,
now Governor of Indiana, commanded his
regiment, which took a prominent part in
several engagements. Upon his. return
from Cuba and after the mustering out
of his regiment Mr. Ferguson came to
San Francisco to enter the employ of
Dunham. Carrigan & Hayden, with whom
he now holds a responsible position.
and Sixty-seventh Indiana Regiment and
prepared to go to the front. But before
his departure "he discovered that a warm
attachment for MiES Kerricr had grown
into something stronger, and as the senti
ment seemed to be mutual an engagement
naturally followed.
The rummage sale which has been going
on during the past week at 442 Sixth street
under the auspices of the Ladles' Aid So
ciety, of which Mrs. B. F. Small is presi
dent, has proved so successful that it will
be continued -during the present week.
Donations are asked of anything which
will be of use to the poor.
Rummage Sale Continued.
Mrs. Hannah F.~ Douglass.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 24.-Mrs. Hannah
F. Douglass of Occidental died yesterday.
She was a native of Maine, 81 years of
age.
HAMPTON, Va.. Aug. 24.— Colonel P.
T. Woodfin, governor of the National
Soldiers 1 Home here, died to-day, aged
61 years. He was the first man mustered
into the United States service from
Massachusetts in the civil war. In 1S69
he was appointed secretary of the
Saugus (Maine) branch of the* National
Soldiers' Home, where he^served until
his appointment here as governor in 1S73.
P. T. Wocdfin.
Humphreys was 77 years of age. For
more than fifteen years he made his
home in Petaluma. At. the close of the
Crimean war he sold his commission as
a lieutenant in the British army and
came, to the United States. For several
years he practiced law in San Francisco.
His widow and three grown children sur
vive him. Sadder than his passing i3 the
fact that the old hero rode in the
famous charge that thrilled the world
will in all probability bo burled in a
pauper's ; grave and at public expense.
He died penniless and alone.
SANTA ROSArAug. 24.— William' Hum
phreys, in all probability the last of the
Six Hundred of Balaklava, died here to
day at the County Hospital. Humphreys
held both the Victorian cross and the
Crimean medal and possessed a number
of other testimonials to his bravery upon
the field of battle.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24.— The Board of
Supervisors this afternoon decided to ad
vertise its intention to purchase the half
block on the north side of J street, be
tween Eleventh and Twelfth, for a site
for a new County Courthouse. The ground
will cost $80,400 and the building will call
for an expenditure of at least $300,000.
New Courthouse for Sacramento.
TOUNG BRIDE WHO TRAVELED ALONE HALF WAY ACROSS THE
CONTINENT TO MARRY THE SWEETHEART OF HER YOUTH, WHO
SERVED IN THE SPANISH WAR.
E. V£. Hammond, who was convicted
by a jury in Judce Lawlor's court on a
charge of burglary in the second" degree
for breaking into a room in the St. David's
House and stealing some clothing on May
28, appeared for sentence yesterday. The
Judge sent him to Folsom penitentiary for
two years.
Two Years for Burglary.
STETTIN, Aug. 24.— News has just
been received that the German steamer
Libau, which - left Meril bound for this
port on the evening of August 21, sprang
a leak during the night and sank. Six
teen of the crew put off in small boats.
One of the boats capsized and the eight
persons which it contained were drowned.
The, other shipwrecked men; reached
Kranz in safety".
Eight Men Drowned at Sea.
Sarrett a Commissioner General.
T, ASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— John Barrett
Jics be*-n appointed Commissioner General
for Af!a and Australia for the Louisiana
-Zj-"--ohase Exposition to be held in St.
f. "i'.s in 1P03. Two other commissioners
l'7'_ to be named — one fcr Europe and one
per South America. These commissioners,
v.'hile receiving their appointments from
the exposition, are to have the advantage
of every facility which the Stats Depart
ment r>nn afford.
Th<i Klondike camps are turning out
About as well as was expected and the
sggresate production of this season will
COt fail bclcv.- $13,000,000.
The Dolphin's officers report a great
cea.1 of ice in the passage as they came
<!oTvn. When they passed the scene of
the Islander disaster more than twenty
large pieces of floating ice impeded their
progress and the steamer had to go ahead
under a slow bell until freer water was
fourd.
To-day the smoke hid the Oregon shore
from view, but it Is known that the fire
is still spreading. It is now in the green
timber. There has been no rain for more
than four weeks. Unless rain, comes the
lire will ruin one cf the finest timber belts
In Oregon.
'j.'M.H.VP. TSEASTJKE SHIPS
EN" POST WITH GOLD
Humboldt, Dolphin and Cottage City
Bring a Half Million to
Seattle. •
SEATTLE. Aug. 24.— The steamers
Humboldt. Dolphin and Cottage City ar
rived in Seattle to-day from Alaska with
600 passengers and $500,000 In gold.- The
Kumboldt alone brought 5300,000.
The country back of Rubens (a mile and
a half south of Goble) is thickly settled
and the ranchers are reported to be fight
ing the fire, but it has gained such head
way that it will be impossible to save the
ranch buildings in most cases.
Hooresville Is Cut OS From the Out
side World and Is in Danger
of Destruction.
SEATTLE, Aug. 24.— A great forest flre
Is raging on the Oregon side of the Co
lumbia River, opposite Kalama. Last
right tongues of flame were shooting far
«\ove the tops of the highest trees and
~y:he sight was both grand and terrifying.
' Mcoresville. a email sawmill town four
miles back of Goble, is cut off. The tele
phone line is down and the country be
tween is aflame, so that nothing can be
heard from that place.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— A cablegram
from General Humphrey, chief quarter
master at Manila, announces the . sailing
of transports for the United States as
follows: Kilpatrick. September 16; Bu
ford, for New York. September 5;
Thomas. September 1; Grant, August 25.
The Sumner. is required for interisland
work in the Philippines. - .
Transports Coming From Manila.
FT. A "WES ARE LEVELING
FORESTS IN" OREGON
• Frank Bruggeman, a boy three and a
half years old, who lives with his parents
at 120 Eleventh street, is missing and the
police are searching for him. He left
home yesterday morning and no trace of
him can be found. He was dressed in a*
gray suit with a sailor collar and wore a
blue cap. He is a blonde, has blue eyes
and a scar on his lower lip.
Small Boy Is Missing.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— Professor At
kinson, Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion in Manila, has cabled the Division
of Insular Affairs that colleges having
delegated' authority to select teachers
must complete their quotas prior to Sep
tember 1, at which time . the authority
will terminate. - No acceptances of ap
pointees made • thereafter will be con
sidered. ;.
Teachers for the Philippines.
PUEBLO. Colo.. Aug. 24.— This after
noon an unknown man entered the office
of former Judge of the District Court
Gibson and assaulted the aged jurist
with a revolver and a piece of lead pipe.
Gibson was struck repeatedly on the
head and body and is /in a dangerous
condition. There is no clew to the iden
tity of the assailant.
Attacks Jurist in His Office.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 24.— Constable A-
Hendricks of Horstville has disappeared
and his friends believe him to have been
a victim of foul play. Hendricks was
appointed constable to serve at Horst
ville during the hop-picking season, and.
through his efforts to keep the peace at
that place, gained the enmity of the
rough element. He has been missing for
nearly a week and parties are searching
the brush for him. His cart was found
behind a pile of wood on Bear river. The
hor?e had been unharnessed and turned
loose. His deg remains at the camp,
howling gind whining for its master.
Horstville Constable Missing.
The engineer and fireman left the en
gine and car on a grade 100 yards from
the building: to determine where to put
the car. They started down the grade,
jumped the track and went through one
end of the building. No one was Injured.
MARRIAGE CEREMONY
AT GROOM'S DEATHBED
K"avy Quartermaster, Injured While
Diving, "Wedded Before His
Life Ends.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., Aug. 24.—
Quartermaster Joseph Matthews of the
United States cruiser Newark, who was
married yesterday to Miss Eva May Sain
of Camden shortly before undergoing an
operation, died early to-day at the hos
pital here.
Matthews had recently returned from
the Philippines. He came here for a
brief vacation and while bathing last Sun
day dived from the boardwalk into two
feet of water. His head struck the sand
and his spine was badly injured. Mat
thews was engaged to marry Miss Sain,
and on being informed that he ¦was not
likely to survive the operation he sent for
his fiancee and they were married.
JAXESVILLE. "Wis., Aug. 24.-A North
western road engine and box car plunged
through the Janesvlhe Canning Factory's
plant to-night. The building was of brickj
Just finished at a cost of $150,009, and is
now in ruins. The engine struck the big
water tank, which fell lengthwise on the
building .and crushed it. Thirty million
tincans were smashed and all the costly
special machinery, engine and boilers
crushed. The loss will reach over 5100,000.
The plant was ready to start Monday.
Walls in a Wisconsin
Town.
Engine and Car Dash. Through Heavy
LOCOMOTIVE WRECKS
A NEW BRICK BUILDING
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— A cablegram
announcing the death of Mrs. Ella Smith.
a prominent society woman of Brooklyn,
by the fall of a great mass of ice in the
Alps, Switzerland, was received here to
day. The message ¦ was' sent to William
Wickham Smith, the husband, who is a
member of a law firm of this city.
American Woman Killed in Alps.
LONDON. Aug. 24.— A meeting of 100
ballet, and chorus girls this week
discussed the best way of protecting girls
against immoral managers. Among the
propositions is that a list of managers
who properly protect the girls in" their
employ should be prepared and circulated
with a request that the public patronize
only the managers named.
Ballet Girls Want Protection.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, A'ug. : 24.— Coroner
Simon, to-day rendered his verdict on the
disaster ten days ago in which a dozen
lives were lost. . He finds - the city of
Cleveland, .the- sub-contractors and the
crib engineer jointly responsible, the
former because its officials knew through
inspectors of the absence of ordinary pre
cautions for saving life, the sub-contract
ors because, they failed to provide protec
tion to life, anJ'the engineer because he
permitted the smokestacks to become
overheated. .. ¦ • .
Blame Fixed for the Disaster.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 24.— In a fit of
jealousy John A. Mann, about 50 year.*
of age and a railroad employe and long
shoreman, this afternoon shot and severe
ly wounded his sweetheart. Annie Wil
son, and then committed suicide by shoot
ing himself in the head. Mann leaves a
wife and family in Sweden.
Suicide Follows Attempted Murder.
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.-Major General
MacArthur arrived here" to-night and was
greeted by his wife and son for the first
time in three years. Mrs. MacArthur came
from her. home in Milwaukee to meet her
husband this morning. .The. general was
slightly ill, and was driven immediately
to his hotel. - He will rest there until
Wednesday, when he will go to Washing
ton. ',•,-'
General MacArthur Slightly 111.
EUREKA SPRINGS,. Ark., Aug. 24.—
James Kiser was shot to death last night
by, Dr. L. D. Fuller, a resident -physician.
While Dr. Fuller was drawing w.iter from
the Calef fountain, on Main street, he
was assaulted by -Kiser, who felled him
by a blow from behind, and then, using
his heel, Kiser mangled the face of the
prostrate man in a horrible manner. -The
latter regained " his feet and shot and
killed Kiser. Dr. Fuller is perhaps fatally
hurt. Dr. Fuller had refused Riser's
claim for $2 50 for services, as special po
liceman, and KlEer had sworn j: evenge.
Kills His Murderous Assailant.
"There is an unusual demand for pota
toes to be sent East. For some reason
there is a potato famine in that direc
tion. The present high figures will shade
off as soon as the Oregon and Nevada
potatoes come in. There will be a con
siderable drop, I am sure, but I do not
look for potatoes to be cheap again tills
season."
Many other" ranchers on the river have
large acreages of potatoes this year and
all will share in the sudden rise in the
market. Choice Salinas potatoes are go
ing at $1 75 per 100 pounds. At the cor
responding date last year they were quot
ed at 85 cents. "When asked for an ex
planation of this advance in the price cf
potatoes, Perry Curtis, a leading dealer,
said:
Henry Voorman, who has a ranch
down the river, is loading steamboats
and scows with these river potatoes. If
th.3 price keeps up he will need a steam
boat to carry his money back home after
h'e goes ¦ to market.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 21.— Common
river potatoes are selling in
this city at $1 50 per 100 pounds. Last
season at this time the same potatoes
were slow at 35 cents per 100 pounds.
A partv.of white men went to the ne
groes', camp last night and ordered them
to leave. A shooting affray resulted. The
dead body, of James Hatfield (white) -was
found with a bullet hole through his h'ead.
Winfleld Hatfleld, brother of James, was
also shot. The company's property is now
being guarded by Deputy Sheriffs.
¦ The company is building a branch road
from the Southern Railway to its mines,
having imported negroes for the work.
The natives objected and by a prear
ranged plan tried to drive them out.
KNOXVILLE. Tenn., Aug. 24.— Details
reached this city ; to-day of .: an attempt to
drive the negroes from work on the prop
erty of the Elk Valley Mining Company,
ten miles from Jell Ico.
All of the letter was accepted except the
last part, which was rejected by a vote
of four to nine, though General Maximo
Gomez voted for it: It was decided to
send the letter to Senor Palma, with an
account of the doings of the meeting, and
to await a reply from him. The letter
claims to embody the claims of the politi
cal parties in Cuba.
The second clause recommends the
building up of a system of local taxation
and economics in the Government. The
third recommends the payment of the
army after a thorough examination of
all claims. The fourth clause, in refer
ring to the Platt amendment, says:
"In making treaty returns' with the
United States, which treaty is to be re
spected, the Government should take ad
vantage of any favorable opportunity to
influence the United States to reverse the
clauses curtailing Cuban independence
and sovereignty."
Then follow four clauses dealing with
the question of the commercial treaty be
tween the United States and Cuba,
"which should tend toward free trade,
but at present Cuba needs some income
from customs."
"We think the following would be an
appropriate programme in the country's
present condition."
HAVANA, Aug. 24.— A meeting of twen
ty-four notable persons was held to-day
to coflsider the letter drafted by Juan
Gualberto Gomez, at the request of the
committee appointed to address a com
munication to Thomas Estrada Palma,
asking for a more specific statement from
him regarding the programme he would
follow if elected President of the Cuban
republic. The letter saye:
The bullet shattered one of the short
ribs and passed within half an inch of the
spinal column. He did not know that he
was shot until he felt the blood running
down hi3 legs. He walked two blocks to
a surgeon's office and lost a great deal of
blood before, the flow was stopped. 'He
has now passed the critical point and Is
on a fair road to recovery.
NAPA, Aug. 24.— Edward .;: Eustace, ' a
former resident J of Napa, was ' shot in a
saloon at Yreka last Sunday evening. In
a -letter just received ,in Napa by his
mother Eustace says that he went into a
saloon there and found the barkeeper and
another man quarreling. The' barkeeper
stepped from behind the bar with a pistol
in his hand. Eustace struck him and
knocked him through a doorway into the
next room. Then he ran, but before he
could get out of the house the man shoi
him in the back. •.."-•"
A.t Wilkesbarre a landslide occurred
along the Lehigh Valley Railroad at the
eastern approach of the Vosburg runnel
end tra&c was . suspended for several
hours. A washout on the Sunbury branch
of the Pennsylvania Railroad delayed
traffic several hours. In Bhamokin, Ta
•snaqua, Pittston and other mining towns
¦many collieries have been flooded and
icork has been suspended.
At Tamaaua the rain fell in torrents
from 8 o'clock this morning until 3 this
aitemooo. The lines of the Central Rail
road of New Jersey between Tajnaxjtra
•tnd .Mauch Chunk and the Plttsvijle
'branch of the Philadelphia and Reading
roed are tied up owing to washouts. The
Schuylklll river and the Panther and Wa
bash creeks at this point axe overflowing
their banks and many bridges nave been
"¦washed away. All the collieries in the
Panther Creek Valley are flooded. Crops
•in the Catawissa Valley, a farming sec
tion, are practically ruined.
The Hudeondale reservoir, four miles
from Hazelton, which supplies that town
with water, broke through its banks, and
-the tracks of the Lehigh Valley on the
Quakake branch, which runs close by,
'were completely inundated.
At Mauch Chunk the storm -was at
tended by four fatalities. Jesse Struth
ers, a prominent citizen of Mauch Chunk
and three boys named McClafferty, Mc-
Ginley and Johnson, ¦were standing- on a
bridge spanning' Mauch Chunk creek,
¦when the supports collapsed and the four
¦were precipitated into the water and
drowned. The stream had become a rag
ing- torrent by the bursting of a dam
haJf a mile above the borough line.
The Mauch Chunk creek is fifteen feet
above Its normal mark, and the towns in
Carbon County along its course have suf
fered much damage. Bridges, culverts
and arches are destroyed, and the loss to
l the borough and to the property holders
A"*"!!! be many thousands of dollars. Busi
ness la at a standstill.
PHILADEU»HIA. Aug. 24.-Reports re
celved In this city to-night state that the
ieavy rains which have fallen, almost in
cessantly during the past week through
the State have resulted in the most dis
astrous floods experienced in many years.
Deputy Sheriffs Guard Prop
erty and More Trou
ble Brews.
Sacramento Valley Farmers
Find a Bonanza in Sup
plying the East.
Tries to Stop a Saloon Row
and Receives a Bullet
in His •Body.
Immense Amount of Damage
Done by the Great
Torrents.
Decision Sent to Palma in
View of Probable Elec
tions.
Tennesseean Is Kill ed in
Battle at a Rail
road Camp.
Promment Men of the
Island Prepare Pro
gramme.
Producers of Tubers Are
' Reaping a Rich
Harvest.
Former Napa Resident
Comes to Grief at
Yreka.
Storm in Pennsylvania
Sleeps Four Per
sons to Death.
NEGROES FIRE
ON WHITE MEN
CUBANS AGREE
ON A POLICY
RAGING CREEK
THEIR GRAVES
BARKEEPER FIRES
ON PEACEMAKER
FANCY PRICES
FOR POTATOES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, * SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
GROSSES THE CONTINENT
ALONE TO BECOME A BRIDE
Marriage of J. Ross Ferguson and Miss
Bertha Ferrier of Chicago at Alameda
Marks Conclusion of a Pretty Romance
. Bertha Ferrler was married last
evening: to J. Ross Ferguson, and the
ceremony brought to a happy climax a
romantic affair that began with the
outbreak of the Spanish-American war.
Unaccompanied, Miss Ferrier left the
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
F. Ferrier of Chicago, three days ago and
25
THE DAY'S DEAD.
K B Event No. 3. K
2» '%* Oellcacy. Q<
la |a5l 3f= M fa
op ? o ? c 2 o ' -j « p
CONTESTANT. S^i *> 8g 33* *
Brotherton 110 S9.S 87.S 79.2 S3. 3 94 9-15
Battu S9 87.S 91.4 78.4 84.10 72 10-15
Edwards •• S" S3 SS.8 73.4 S1.6 83 3-13
Muller •• 100 03.4 58 75.10 81.11 .:
Smyth S8.4 87.S76.8. S2.2 .....:..
Young S3 51.4 90.S75 S2.10
Nfocker •• 91 86 86.4 70.10 78.7 ........
Reed SO • P1.4 89.4 71.8 JS0.6 |
K B Event No. 3. K
2» '%* Oellcacy. Q<
la |a5l 3f= M fa
op ? o ? c 2 o ' -j « p
CONTESTANT. S^i *> 8g 33* *
Brotherton 110 S9.S 87.S 79.2 S3. 3 94 9-15
Battu S9 87.S 91.4 78.4 84.10 72 10-15
Edwards •• S" S3 SS.8 73.4 S1.6 83 3-13
Muller •• 100 03.4 58 75.10 81.11 .:
Smyth S8.4 87.S76.8. S2.2 .....:..
Young S3 51.4 90.S75 S2.10
Nfocker •• 91 86 86.4 70.10 78.7 ........
Reed SO • P1.4 89.4 71.8 JS0.6 |
FrcL Laborde'3 Wesderfol French Preparatlsa
Restores Lost Manhoods
5 BAYS 1 TRIAL T8EA1MKT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Moil.
, No C. O. O. or DEPOSIT SCHEME.
"CALTHOS" is pot before yon on its merit*
alone. Try it and put it to th« tert. Try It Free.
S'fipre u bo security required— do 0. O. D. scheme.
Send us roar nitm* and address, and Tre will eend
you ecoush "CALTHOs; to last firedays. Xt
Will be sent in a aealt-d package by mail.
In the quiet cl yonr bone you can try it and see
*A*U correspondence relating to the CAITDOS
department of our business is 6trictly confidential.
We neitber publish nor fursieh testimonials.
Tbe nsarrelons French remedy "CALTHOS."
recently introduced in tUU country by the Von Moll
Co . of Ciuciuaati, Ohio, one of tho largest, richest
acd most responsible businees firms in the United
Stares. J12B attracted the tttention of the, entire
xnedicsJ profession because or tho wonderful cures
it h&fl efiected. If you euffer from Lost Manhood.
Varicocele. Weakness of eay nature in tho Sexual
Orpans or ifervee. (no natter bow caused), or if tbn
carts are undPTelnped or have shrunken or wasted
Sror "CALTHOS" will restore yon.
"CAWHOS" i« a French discovery by Prof.
Julee Labords, famed in Paris as Fracce'e toremoet
"«CALTHOS " is tho only remedy recognized by
the medical prof ewion as a specific cure for weak men.
"fALTUO»" has the endorsement of tbe Ger-
tnan and Freuch goTrrnroente. and is largely used in
the standing armies of those countries.
Address applications for trial treatment to
V*The VON HSOKL.CO., iV.V 6,
J-^SSSrSol'Scr 1 } CINCINNATI. OHIO,
1
! MEN! WAKE UP!!
> - r^\ Is Yonr Rack Weak? •
I ¦<&* Jm < Ju^-J "A Are Yon Easily Tired? |
Iwrnf^* * *SJ) Have Yon Varicocele? §
I cUsSr \ v ' ' ~ i; ss=z^-^ / \^ Have you lost the fire ana ft
i bSb&F X. v . -^rr*- ~*^/ \-^M strength of youth? Have you 9
i tews I \ x '/ *(&/&(3t8t "come and go" pains in -your €
I Bffly^i * ¦ -.'* V . / A&Eifsj&FWW back and shoulders? Are you q
: JEW t\ \ - / growing old too soon? 1L
Wf ¦ 1*^ t I I >W5ffii«lai®3y *' you have these symptoms S
* /¦ Jj\ \\\ nc*"" 'I jjfiaWlHBgr or any other sign of breaking *»
' « •i7AS\vJ?jNJAfe-'i^SiS*2fflM^F down of your nerves and vital- 9
i ¥ ¦ '&&6&V*vs&£< VmWSBGKtiXassB?^ ltv y° u wi " flnd new «*e in 9
\ 1 Electricity as applied while ffi
\ BrVicLanghlin's 1
jCo^o^^o^o^o^o^o |
Vk SOME LATE CURES. ° s th a e SS^US •
) o . -. ;'. : o ally for hours every night. It ®
> 4 Vita! Weakness- Losa Vitality. . ? H;- res , he f the nerves> , e ,? pand , 3 2
» o • •¦¦¦., . •• „ _ . o the vital powers, enriches the <9
J l Sawyers, Mendocino Co.. Cal. x circulation and makes you feel fl
' * DR. MCLAUGHLIN. ¦ o bright, active and vigorous in a
£ • a • Dear Sir: Before wearing your Belt I had 4 one night's use. ToU get io
P X almost lost hope of ever being any better, but o stronger each day. and In a 2
> o my trouble is now fast disappearing and I be- + . few weeks youa re a new man. ®
\ T gin to feel like a man again, and I feel grate- <,t ron «.p r an A vounsrer In thn Cl
* o ful fcr what you have done for me and that I ° 1™ P"?"^*?, It la Hand thll A
> ? have found an. honest man at last in you. ? 2, r 5,^L y «* < J}J? S JZ3 iiriS £
ft o Respectfully yours. CREED MOXLEY. o method of mine, and every C
I I "°, P *T; *.¦---.-.' ? man who has ever used It is a
I c-»-o-*-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-c-«.o.».o-«.o-»-o-».o-«-o-»-o praising it. q
\ '¦ Don't delay trying- it. Your future happiness depends on your checking this »
J drain upon your vitality, s^ stop it now and you can be sure of a long and £
' vigorous life, full -of the joys of a healthy vigor. ' 2
I Don't drug.' Drugs can't cure you, as 'you knov7 If you have tried them. *g
) My Belt cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality. Electricity ®
I renews the youthful strength: that cures. If you will call I will give you a - 9
* free test 01 what I can do. If you can't call, send for my baautiful illustrated ¦ j|
i book, telling about my method. I send it sealed, free. I have 50.000 cures. a
I . If you have tried a cheap belt which has burned you, given no 'current or q
? fallen to pieces on you, -I will allow you for it in exchange. Call or write to- S
»wday. Send this ad.- .: "
I dr. Me. Mclaughlin , 7m - u^s££2.?-* t
) Office hours: S a. m to 8:30 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. - . CHonolulu— J. F. C. Abel, Mrs. Abel and
child, Miss B. M. Afong, Mrs. M;C. Aldrlch,
F. A. Alexander. ' W. M. Alexander, Dr.. L. F.
Alvarez. Brother Anthony, C. L. ! Arques, Miss
F. V, Barker, Mrs. Ellen • S. Barnard, Miss
Mary L. Barnard,' J. L. Batchelder, Mrs.
Batchelder. A. Berg, Miss K. Bergner. E. A.
Berendt, Brother Bertram, -W. E. Brown, Mrs.
Brown, child and maid, R. E. - Burke, Mrs.
Burke. G. do S. CanavarrO, E. K. Carson, J.
F. Colburn, T. M. • Cox, Mrs. Cox ! and child,
Miss I. Creighton, S. A. Crook, W. C. Crook,
Mrs. A. G. Curtis and child, George P. Dennl
son, S. B. Dlxon. H. F. Dutton, O. H. Eddy,
Mrs. S. Ehrllch. Master Ehrllch. J.' | P. Erd
mann. Miss B.' H. ¦ Frost, W..M. Glffard, K. S.
Gjerdrum,. Mrs. M. W. Gunn, ¦ R. . N. Halstead
Mrs. Walter Hardy, Mrs. S. D. Heapy Mr!
Held, M. R. Higgins. Mrs. Higglns, Miss N.
Holden, C. J. Holt and child, J. D. Holt C.
O. Hopkins. J. G. Hulme. J. F. Humburg, Mrs
Humburg. Miss Frieda- Humburg, Miss M E.
Hyde, John Jones, S. Kelunoi. Mrs. Kelunol,
George- Leahy,- O: W. Leffler, Mrs. George
Lehner. D. H. -Lewis, D. C. JL-lndsey, Miss D.
Llshman. C. A. Long, Senor S. Lopez, Hon.
E. -F. Loud, Mrs. Loud, W. A. Love, Henry
M. L\ill,'. Brother Mark. J. • .W.- Mason, <¦ C J
McCarthy; : Mrs. T! McKinley,- Miss M. L. Mc-
Klnley, Miss M. McPherson, Mrs. F. B. Mc-
Rtockpr. Miss J. McStocker. E. V. Meeks, Miss
II: Needham. W. C. Nlcoll, J. M. : Oat. ' Mrs.
Oat. *V., I..- Ourdan,- Mrs. Ourdan. Mrs. A. Ord
way, T. T. Patterson, rMrs. W. H. : Patton, Mrs.
J. I. Peterson, Miss C." "A." Potter.' E. A. Pow
ers. M. F. : Prosser, Mlss'J Rice, S. B. Rose.
O. C.Scott, A. T. Searle. H. K. Selby. A.'H.
Sengstack. A. Simons, R. • F.' Ruthven I Smith.
Mrs. Smith. Mrs. ! A. .J. Smlthers.* child and
maid. v C. - Sterling, H. F. ¦ . , Sturdevant. Mrs.
Wrav Taylor and two childrpn." W.'F.' Thatch:
er,- Mrs. .Thatcher. W.: Thompson, L. A.
Thurston.' Miss Annie Van Angien.-Fiske War-
Following is the list of passengers of the
steamship , Sonoma that sailed, from San Fran
cisco on Thursday, last:
Sailed Away.
Mrs. AJ J. Zobel (nee Getz) will be pleased
to. see her friends on the first Tuesday -of each
month at her home, 1446 Leavenworth street. .
A very pleasant farewell surprise party was
given to Miss Mae Watts at her home on
Church street Friday -evening. Miss Watts
will leave shortly for an extended trip through
the Eastern States; Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs.- Joseph- Watts, Mr. and Mrs. T.
F. ¦ .Wise, Miss ; Mollle Meagher, Misa • Anna
Meagher, Miss Mae Rellley, 'Miss Aggie Le
haney, Miss .Maggie Murphy, Miss Mae Watts,
James C. Lewis, Joe A. Watts. William Mc-
Carthy. J. J. Crowley, E.: J. Loughery, Edw.
O'Brien, N. Doran'and J. Moran.
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Franklin (nee Barnett)
will be at home Tuesday afternoon, August
25, and' would be pleased to see their friends
at 935 Devisadero street. ' * .
Mr. and Mrs. John Rodda of San Francisco
are now in Paris with Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Rodda of Penzance, England. •
Mrs. Ci S. Laumeister. wife of the Railroad
Commissioner, is. on a brief visit East. She
left during the past week, accompanied by her
eon and daughter, C. S. Laumeister Jr. and
Miss Ethel. The latter goes .to "Paris to
finish her education. The young lady has just
graduated from a private academy in the in
terior and will be absent for two years.
Miss Kelly, Miss Ella Kelly. Miss Flinn and
party have returned from Lake .Tahoe.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Friedman (nee Monasch)
will be at home every third Tuesday evening
in the month. ' :."¦;- .
Morton L. Cook has :gone on a tour of the
United States, visiting all the principal cities
of interest and , the Buffalo Exposition, to be
absent two months.
Mrs. A. L. Brown of Marysville is visiting
her sisters, ithe i Misses Pauline ,and Kittle
Aaron. -of 62S Sutter street! where she will be
pleased to see her friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Cohn announce the bar
mltzvah-of their son. Sydney Cohn, on Satur
day. August 31. at the Bush-street Synagogue,
and would be pleased -to see their friends on
Sunday, September 1, at 124 Ash avenue.
Herbert S. Abbott and Attalio S. Musante of
the University of California have returned
from Monterey, where they have been so
journing with Dr. James . Hartley.
Mrs. William Samuel of 1223 Buchanan street
has returned from Byron Springs greatly im
proved in health.
Mrs. P. T. Turner and daughter of Stockton
have been visiting relatives and friends in
Napa and this city for the past two weeks.
Esther A. Mundell Of San Rafae'.. who has
been visiting Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Stlllman
Kelly at their summer home. Cold Springs,
Mich., expects to be home August 24.
Personal.
Golden Gate Circle No. 11. United Ancient Or
der of Druids, will give a dove social at Aus
trian Hall, 507 Sutter street." Thursday even
ing.. August 29. :''••'« ¦> ¦¦'¦ -• -¦'-¦
' The • Astorias announce their fifteenth as
sembly Friday evening, September 6. at Golden
Gate Hall. * .. .; : . •
Coining Events.
Home Parties.
A surprise party was tendered Miss Rae
Jacobs at Golden Gate .Hall on Sunday "even
ing, August 18. A very pleasant evening was
epent Vocal solos were rendered by Miss Mat
tie Knobloch, Miss Edna Herold and David
Gardiner, and recitation by William Sass. af
ter \which dancing was Indulged, and at .^ll
o'clock refreshments were eerved. Among
those present were: Misses Rae Jacobs, Henri
ttte Priester. Elvlna Berard, Annette Berard,
Theresa Gulnasso. Maggie Bordman, Maggie
Kl<-tt, Edna Herold, Elsa Herold, Bella Jacobs,
Tessie Vahey, Bessie Lefcovitz, Miss Novinsky,
Mips Genzeler, Ida Isaacs, Martha Caen, Irma
VVanz. Mattie Knobloch, Clara Ward, Chris
tine Becker. Mrs. Jacobs, Mrs. Herold, Isa
be.le Herold, Messrs. William Sass/ Leo Het
o!d. Chester Herold, Fred Bierman, Joe Jacobs,
Sam Jacobs", Louie Lefcovitz, John Lefcovitz,
Walter Kelly, Mr. Stromberg, Harry; Klarnet,
Charles Herold, Barney Ziklnd, Benp Herold.
David Gardiner, David Caen, Joe Caen, John
Gindcrff. Mr. Veresaalo, Eddie Anstedt, Mr.
liadt and Mr. Genzeler.
A birthday party was given to Miss Amelia
M. Wessling by her mother. Mrs. M. W. Wess
linB, at her home. 1024 Hampshire street, Sat
urday evening, August 17, 1901. Among, those
present were: Miss Helen G. Coleman, Miss
Gertie Walters. Miss Sadie Smith. Miss Lillie
Corbett, m:e« Alice Burke, Miss Mae Wagner,
Miss i Mamie O'Connor, Miss Mae McDonald,
Misses Gertrude and Anna Vanderwater, Mlbs
Hattle Summers. Misa Mabel Erskine, Misa
Nellie Walters Miss Grace Benders, Miss Mae
Ilashette, Miss Francis Westerfall, Miss Jessie
Moore and Annie Walsh.
• In honor of her birthday. Miss Dora Frazer
was tendered a surprise party at her residence.
1221 Green street. A very pleasant evening
was spent. Singing:, dancing and music wcrt
indulged in. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. .Thomas Frazer, r>ora Frazer, Thomas
Frazer Jr., Lillian Martin, Birdie Callahan,
Alice Ward. Katherine Ward, Mrs. Manning,
Mr?. G. Barry. Mrs. S. Hodgklns, Edith Man
ning, Margaret Curley, Sablna Curley, Lillian
L'oniin. Ella Donlin, Vivian Taylor, Anna
Retnfeld, Kdlth Remfeld, Julia Carter, George
Zummer. Adeltna Dondera, Eva Dondera, Sadie
McMahon. Mollle'McMahon. Rufus Miller, Ar
thur Manning, George Carter. . ¦•;.
A most enjoyable surprise party was given
to Miss Eda Schutr, at her residence. 903 Noe.
street, en Saturday eveninj*. August 17, 1901:
The, ladies who attended were: Mrs. Rees.
M!ss L». Wicht. Miss L. Mone. Miss L. David
fon.' Mtss M. de Sparr, Miss M. Benson, Miss
K. Ryan. Miss Kda Schutz. Mrs. I^ppi. Miss
Ai Fernandz. Miss T. Fernandz. j The guests
were as follows: E. de Sparr. J. H.. Kanna,
O. Amiot. Mr. Rees. A. N. Lippi. R. de Sparr,
T. Kenney. A. Rahles. W. R. Dillen. B. Wlnd
ibw. J. Walsh. C. J. Lippi, Charles Heinaman,
J. 5 LIjipl. Zesefa Fernandez, Reno Lippi, T. F.
Dlanchiin. Mips M. Sprung. Miss Victoria Fer
r.andz. Miss B. McCarthy.
The "Buffalo Five" gave a surprise party to
M'm Euplieittla Taylor on Saturday. Augrust 10.
when a pleasant evening was spent In music
and tames. The guests were: Miss M. Pow
frf. Miss J. Craven. Miss L. Badger, Miss M.
Badrer Miss M. Nagle. Miss L,. Nagle. Miss
V. Dondero. Mips M. Gould. MIsb L. Gould.
H. E. Whl.teb.ead; W. Clayton, wife, child and
nurse, George F. Moyer . and Dr. and Mr3.
George C. ¦ Pardee.* ' * ¦
The list of, guests at the Geysers includes:
O. H. Vacker. Mrs. B. W. Stowe, Sidney M.
Stowe, Mrs. I. Werthelmer. Mrs. A. Springer,
G. B. Barler and wife, Mrs. M. Austin. E.
Snow, D. -MacGovan. A. H. Dickens. G.
Ferand, W. B. Davis, J. F. Earby. W. C.
Ryan, G. W. Patterson, ,T. D. Maher. San
Francisco; H. W. P. Lund. "Miss Mae Lund,
Miss J. Lund^'E. F. Mills. Mr. and Mrs. E. P.
Vandercook, Mrs. Charles H. Gardiner, Mr.
and Mrs. R. Bahls, George H. Hoadley. Oak
land: Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Leacy, Los An
geles; Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Smith. Mr. and Mrs.
Larence and two children, Vallona: F. W.
Laughlin. Mark "West; Miss C. C. "Wing. St.
Charles; Mabel F. Shorey. Mrs. H. Briggs,
Chicago; Miss Lena Kulhofer, Miss Seraphine
LIHJegrum. San Francisco.
The following guests arrived at Summer
Home Farm, Glenwood, during the week:
From San Francisco— Miss Minnie Jones. Miss
Ida May Roberts, Andrew W. Roberts, J.
Meyerfeld, Mrs. J. Meyerfeld, Mrs. J. G.
Llebold, i Clarence W. Brown. Mrs. I. H.
Brown, P. P. McDonough. Mrs. P. P. Mc-
Donough. From Alameda— Ed K. Taylor.
From Santa Cruz— W. B. Hugus, Mrs. W. B.
Hufrus. From Pasadena— J. W. Hugus. Mrs.
J.- W. -Hugus.
At the Resorts.
. Among the recent arrivals at Hotel Capitola
are: From Sarr Francisco— L. G. Sresovich, Mrs.
Cx.' Cohen, Gus Heyman, M. Levy and wife,
M. H. Morris, William ¦ W. Weil and wife,
T. J. Clarke, L. ScheelAe, M. Cohen. D. M.
Fraser, Ed F. Armstrong. Mr. and Mrs. Mey
ers, F. C. Jacobs. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Schleck.
Stockton— P. Kenyon.S. M. Spurrier,- Mr. and
Mrs. G. B. Claibourne. Visalia— J. K. Harter.
Gilroy-O. T. Moore, M. A. Berliz, B. C.
Kious. Berkeley— W. Gale ' and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. E. O. Lindblom. Hay wards— J. V. Haley.
Sacramento— N. W. Douglas. Merced— -W. U
Poor. New York City— Sadie A. Leonard. Vir
ginia City, : Nev.— May M. Dunlop. . r Menlo
Park— Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Bassett, Miss Amy
C. Bassett, H. F. Bassett. Folsom— C. H.
Echlan and. wife. San Rafael— Mrs. J. W.
Graybill. Oakland— J. Le Blanc, J. W. Lang
ford, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Reed, Mrs. Et
ta Brown, Mrs. Gilroy, Henry A. Dodge.' Louis
E. Woerner. A. M. Salinger. San Jose— J. L.
Reardon, E. W. Hilton. James A. Costa. J.
Williams, Mrs. I. B. Purdy. Chester Herold.
Mary Minahan, Mrs. M. Bellew, Miss Bellew.
Recent arrivals at Congress Springs are: A
H. Luke Warburtory, R. A. Fatjo, Lucas
Downing, Hugh Menton, Santa Clara;- W. E.
Perren, San Jose; H. "Van Burkalow, E. H. Mo
zart and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Ath
earny, San Francisco; A. B. Hunt and wife,
Alameda; Paul Masson, San Jose; A. F. King,
Sacramento; S. Blum, San Francisco; S. P.
Lowrle, E. H. Stevenson, Centerville; S. R.
Kunie. Mrs. C. Kunlc, San Jose; C. Bettes.
Gilroy; Miss P. Blank, Los Gatos; Mr. and
Mrs. George Dow. San Francisco; Mr." E. J.
Friend, Miss B. Heidt, E. S. Moulton, San
Jose; Hugh L. Menton, H. O. F. Menton, Hugh
Mullin, Miss M. Graham. F. A. Aldermann and
wire, Santa Clara; .A. M. Salinger, Oakland;
F. P. Jacobs, San Francisco; L. *E. Boardman,
G. F. Elvidge, Oakland; J. A. Wilson, .E. A.
Hermann, E. Schrader, James Lawrence, J.
Levitt,- Miss Anthony, San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. Smith, San Jose.
The following guests have registered ' at Pa
raiso Springs during the last week:
" From San Francisco— N. D. Chamberlain. W.
L. Reed, Walter L. McEvoy, Mrs. Joost. From
Spreckels— P. W. Morse, W. Branstetter. Mrs.
H. Anderson, G. H. Anderson, J. W. Beane,
From King City— William K. Brown, J. • N.
Besse. R. R. Allen, Miss Mamie Hollenbeck.
T. E. Phillip. From Gonzales— Mrs. George R.
WJl3on, Hazel Wldemann, Emily Smith,
Charles Farley, Pink Farley, L. G. Smith.
From Chicago— E. C. Drumm. From Salinas—
J. J. Hebbron. From Oakland— Mrs. Isabella
Cordes, 1 Miss Agnes Wilson. From San Lula
Obispo— Miss Kate Whitener. From Willows—
Miss Inez Garnett. From Stockton— Mrs. Eliza
Caren. From Soledad.— L. T. 'Herndon, J.
Eschelsen, G. B. Mason. From Honolulu— F.
F. Porter. From San Jose— Miss C. L.. Wagner.
From Watsonville— M. S. Machado. From
Blanco— Mrs. F. Schmidt. From Tracy—Mar
tin Lammers. From Castroville— A. Magnoli. ¦
Following are the latest arrivals at Gllroy
Hot Springs . for the past week: From San
Francisco— Charles A.'- Dunne, Miss Rosalie B.
Hunter, Miss Janet Regensberger, F. Volker.
E. F. Elvers, Julius Buhn. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Slack, S. Blum, M. S. Bordcn, Mrs.
E. J. Hall, Mrs. C. H. White, R. F. Johnston.
Miss Madeline Reynolds. T. S. Beden. wife
and son; Mrs. G. W: James, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Ohlsen, B. T. Forsythe, Master Teddie
Grant. M. F. Kemp. Ambrose Brandt, H. M.
Adams, 'A. M. McDonald. E. S. Paterson, Miss
Marie Clarke, 'Mrs. B.. M: 'Hastens* and maid,
Thomas Lyons, M. C. Prince, Edward Mason,
B. Bryan, Kate M. Engles. Miss E. Parker,
M. E. Elsenmaur, T. B. Jennings, H. H. Good
man, Mrs.' Emma Brown, Henry Butler, Frank
lin- E. Pierce. From Gilroy— W. C. White, Miss
Florence Eipper, S. Baldacci. William D.' Eip
per, T. Eipper, -Mrs. Dr. Clark. From San.
Jose— Barney Taylor, James Cole.. Thomas
Mlrandette, Miss M. Robertson, j i From Los
Angeles-^-Mrs. Ella Woodruff, George I.- Kyte,
Thomas J. Odell. G. Fischer. From Nevada
City — Frank Power, M. Shearer.- From Menlo
Park— Frank Johnson. -F. 'Hinz.-- From Oak
land—Miss E. F. Doane, J. J. Evans, B. F.
Stives, M.* C.-" Carter. From Watsonville. -Miss
G. Willey. 'Mrs. Lear, Miss E. \WIley. F. Bron-"
son. From Mission San Jose — John Enos,
Thomas Beels. -,
Recent arrivals at the Hotel Metropole, Ava
lon. are: A. E. Kaeser, Fred F. Hobbs, A.
Rudgra. Charles F. Sloane; Fred A. Greenwood,
P. H. Livingston and wife. Miss Cora Deth
mar, J. Lalley: William Ledwldge. Miss Stein.
Miss Mullen. Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Hovey, J.
C. Winans. Miss Winans, Thomas S. Williams
and wife, H. R. Duffln, T. R. McNab, M. B.
Kellogg, J. W.' Hicks.
Recent arrivals at Highland Springs Include
Colonel J. H. Hardin, Mrs. and Miss Hardln.
Nevada; Judge F. M. Angellotti, San' Rafael;
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Buhls, Oakland: John
N. Goldsmith. William Goldsmith, Miss Marion
L. Forrest, San Francisco; S. P. Mesick and.
wife. Alameda: August Weihe, San Francisco;
Pr. H. E. Muller, Mrs. Muller, J. Cadlgan, J.
Schumacher, N. H. Braun, C. L. Dletz, C. P.
Stewart. A. Rlttlzstern, Mrs. Catherine Stew
art, Oakland; Dr. James J. Hogan and wife, J.
N. H. Irwln. • •
"The following San Franciscans are sojourn
ing at the Hotel del Coronado: Mr. and Mrs.
A. T. Spotts, W. T. Crosthwalte, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Hovey. u. Seebenhauer, A. Rudger and
wife, J. Winans and daughter. O. M. Tates Jr..
ren, O. H. Walker. Mrs. Walker, 'W. ' F. Wil
son, W. P. "Whitley. ,-,.-¦. . "' './
Pago Pago— R. Evers ' < .< ¦
Auckland— T. H. Benton,- Miss Aimer Mar
chant. Thomas Mitchell. < Miss Mitchell. James
Parke. ;\ - . .
Sydney— Miss E. Chamberlain, Miss A. M. V.
Clayerlng and maid. Miss A. N. Coombes,
Owen Cox, D. S. Dawson, Mrs. Dawson, Miss
Dawson, T. C. Dewez. L. A. Fenner, W. Fra
eer, A. Hole Gilbertson. Mrs. Gllbertson and
child, H. A. Held, William Henessy, Mrs.
Henessy, George Hudson Mrs Hudson. Miss
Ruth Johnson. Rev. Dr. B. Keenan, C. S. Mc-
Calla, Miss Ida Mellish. Right Rev. J. D. Mur
ray, Donald Mackay, Daniel Murray. Mrs. T.
T. Patterson. Miss O. Patterson. Miss Pflel.
C. E. Robinson, H. H. Schlapp. R. Sevigne,
Charles Tournler, Mrs. Tournler and three chil
dren. \V. j; Watklns. Mrs. L. L. Wlrt and two
children. .,'•¦¦ -¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦• . \
J Join at Honolulu for Sydney— F. G. Sykes,
Mrs. Sykes.
The golden wedding of Marcus Levey and
wife of 763 O'Farrell street, an old pioneer of
this State, was celebrated last Sunday. August
19. Mr. and Mrs. Levey were married In the
city of Posen, Germany, on August 19. 1851,
and immediately afterward left .for America,
arriving in New York City after a voyage of
thirteen weeks on a sailing vessel across the
Atlantic Ocean. After, a short residence In
New York they came to California, arriving In
San Francisco August 19, 1855, where they
have been constant residents ever since. ¦- Mr.
and , Mrs. Levey have four sons, all well and
favorably known * in the community, L. C.
Levey, Isldor C. Levey, Charles C. Levey and
Benjamin C. Levey, all of whom were
present, together with their wives and
children, to offer their congratulations
and homage to the happy parents, the
celebrants. An informal reception was held
and a large number of relatives and friends
extended their best wishes to the aged couple,
the rooms of their residence being beautifully
decorated with flowers and ivy. At 10 p.. m.
the Naval Reserve Band of seventeen pieces
tendered the couple a- serenade and were in
vited by the hosts to partake of their hospi
tality, and playing a number of airs, departed
to the strains of "Home, Sweet Home. •
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Marcus Lev*y. Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Levey, Mr.
and Mrs. Isidor C. Levey. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles C Levey Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin C.
Levey, Mr. and Mrs.- N. Kuttner. Mr. and Mrs.
B Asch. Mr. and Mrs. S. Asch, Mr. and Mrs.
M B. Cohn, Mr. and Mrs. I. Asch, Mr. Louis
Levy Mr and Mrs. Gu3 Bernard, Mr. and
Mrs. 'L. Kuttner, Mr. and Mrs. A. Cohen, Dr.
A" S Adler Mrs ¦ C.' Gensler, Mr. and Mrs.
I. Schlanker, Mr. and Mrs. Max Moses. Mr.
and Mrs E. E. Kragen, Mr. and - Mrs. A.
Schwartz. Mrs. Minnie Levy, Mrs. M. J.
Cohen. Mrs. S. Cllne, Mrs. W. H. Chenowlth.
Mrs. James Slattery. Mrs. B. M. Rollet, Mr.
and Mrs, L. Lubbosh, Mrs. B. M. Thomas,
Miss Mary Cunningham, Edgar C. Levey. Bert
H Levey. Mel Levey. Dell Levey, Blanche
and Stella Levey, Esther and Carrie Levy.
Flossie Aseh, Milt Bernard. Bert -Asch. Adele
and Harold Levey; Ora V. Chenowith, Ed
Gensler. G. Gensler, Edgar Schlanker and
many others. . -y. .- . ¦ . . ¦ ..
They're Engaged.
Mr." and Mrs. John Roddy,-- U. S.:N.,of Val
lejo, have announced the engagement of their
daughter Adelaide to Captain R. W. Maxwell
Trayrier, ..late of his British Majesty's Royal
Dragoons, and second son of Lord Trayner of
The Grange and. Edinburgh. Scotland.
The engagement Is' announced of Miss Mattie
R Cox to Mr. Will P. Jager. The wedding will
take place during the. first week of September.
The engagement is announced of Miss Annie
Samuel of Stockton, Cal., to iMr. Eli Pinner
of this city. They will • receive .Sunday after
noon. September 1, from 2 'until-' 5' p. m. at 410
Haijht street. ¦¦ '£ '¦ '.-"..
Mr. and Mrs; A. K. .Washburn announce the
engagement- of their niece, Frances Bruce, to
Lieutenant Joseph I. McMullen.t U< S. A,
The announcement is made In Paris of the
engagement of a former San Franciscan, Mr.
Jules Hoffman, to Mile. Juliette Kahn : of
Paris. The Wedding ceremony will take place
on the 13th day of October, at the synagogue
of the Rue de la Victoire. ' '
A quiet' but very Impressive ceremony took
place In St. Leo"s Church, :Tacoma,iWash., on
,the 18th inst., the contracting parties being
well known in San Francisco. The youngest
daughter of Thomas Clifford of the Mission was
joined in the holy bonds ... of matrimony to
Cecil Lacombe, a bright young officer of ' the
transport "Warren. -The bride was beautifully
gowned in white mousseline de sole over taffeta
and carried a bouquet of Bride roses. The
young bride was given away by her brother-in
law, George Ovington of Seattle. ¦ After the
service was .performed by the Very Rev. P.
F. Hylebos, vicar general, assisted by Rev. S.
Fisher, the bridal party was driven to the Ho
tel Tacoma. where a sumptuous repast was en
joyed by all present, and later on the newly
married couple took their departure to Snoqual
mie Falls. Mrs. Lacombe was the recipient of
numerous and valuable presents.
Wedding Bells.
The friends of "Miss Daisy S. Jacoby gave her
a surprise party last Saturday evening at her
home in East Oakland. Music, . games and
dancl.ner helped I to • make the evening a very
enjoyable one. Among those present, were:
Miss Daisy Jacoby, Misses Alarlna'and ' Rose
Gray, Miss Birdie Pllcher, • Miss .'Ida Kellogg,
Misses Antoinette and Bsssie Smart. Miss Ger
trude Dwyer, .Miss Margaret Broderick, Miss
Jennie Washauer, Miss Mae Brenner, Mrs.
Goux. Miss Reubina Jess, Mrs. Jacoby. Mrs.
Eelley, Dr.. Schmidt. Messrs. Ferguson and J k
Barnes of San- Franclspo, Mr. Felley. .Charles
Jacoby, Leonard ".Adams. Gershon ' Ward, L.
Okson and Frank* Norris. <*v*i
Mlss.B. Holland;' Mi«s Ruby Neiion, Miss Ad
dle Brickley.- Miss Gertrude Fieher,- Miss Bes
sie fisher. Miss 'Essie Kron, Miss Rita Page,
Miss; Grace ¦ HaH, Miss' Annie Jackson, J.
Homes, E. Barry, O. Poquet, R. A. Stone, H.
F. Lynch. P. Keran, J. . Mpriarty, H. Cooker,
T. Mahoney, D. Farrel. E. Wright. • C. Ft-e
chette-. J. Collins, J. Nero, C. Fanta, "W. Mur
ray, V. Randall, J. Storm, R. Mullen, C. Ran
dali.'J. Georgia. T. Heneberry, V. Holland.. T.
Curley, P, Michel, G. Lundberg.
|j }' - . ¦/'being given*" 'by Mi stf Alica
j'M. Gardner. .Miss Gardner gave a delight
: ful card party on Tuesday las Wat he/
home. 212 Ashbury street,. in honor^of her
guests. Miss' Melanie Afong of Honolulu
;and Miss Alma Heitmaij'of Sacramento.
;The first prize was ; awarded Miss R ( uby
jRichards for .skill; at the game. t*l<ate in
¦ the afternoon a J luncheon was served.
I'Among those present were: Misses Me
'.lanle Afong, Alma -Heitman,' Bessie Fill^
¦more, Alice Chapman, Florence Morgan,
Grace Foulds, Edna Mae Fadyen, Lizzie
C. Lipman. Pearl Jones, Enid Gregg. Es
telle - PatUani, Ruby Richards,., Alice
Gardner, Ann Collom.
/T^-i->\ OT ; all, but- nearly ' all, sp
ryTl' t^VAvciely. l^-down '.o.t:t:, the golf.
j ;;i j^llnks in Monterey this week.
r v j II J r j/ ' But' there have been 'a few
JJL '¦''^M; Quiet "-luncheons Iri' town,
. ;' one~of-Uhe most .-enjoyable
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY; AUGUST 25, 1901.
RELATING TO SOCIETY
j Santa Fe Trains
Leave .Market-street Ferry Dfnot.
! Local I Lim'd lOvrl'd Local
j Daily J • Dally Daily
J Lv. San Franl 7:*0 a 9:00 a 8:V) p 4:21 p
Ar. Stockton. H0:ix a 111:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
| " Merced... 12:22 p I 1:17 p I:l9a 9:11 p
j • " Fresno... 2:C5 p 2:35 p 3:0.> a 10:50 p
| '• Hanford.. 3:12 p I 3:27 p 7:06 a
j " VlMlM.r.l »-48p 1 4:48a
J " Bakrsfl«>I(1l frlo p | 5:2'i p 7:30 a
i " Kan Cityl I 2:41 a 7:S0 a
j " <"hlcago..| | 2:15 p 8:00 p
j a for mornlny. p for afternoon. ~
•? a., m. train i^ th» California Llm-
I itpcl. leaving: Monday and Thursday on'y
j carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlrig I
j Cars throi'?h to Chicago. Chair Car runs
I to Bzkcreficlrt for 8»"comr»o<1atlon of local
i f.m-cla«=s re^*enfe<»r«. Xo s»c-ind-class
| tickets honorrd on thi« train. Correspond- '
; ine train arrives at 3:53 p. m. Tuesday and
I Friday.
4:!S p. p\ Is Pto-kton end H"re«no local
r-o-respondirK trsin arrives at 12:30 p. m
daily. ,
> f,:M v. n\, is t^ie O'-»rl8nd Express, wifh
throLTh PnU'-t urA T O uri«t Sleepers ana
Free R'-'-linfns Ch<»lr Cars to Chicago: also
Pa'ace Pl'^r^r. which cuts out at Fresno.
r-orr«fcpon<5ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m.
7:20 ». "i. i« R?k»r«1el1 Tvml stopping at
all point* in Snn .Toao'iln Vallev. Corre-
erorrtinsr train arr'v^s at (t-40 a. m dally
Officer — C4' 1 MarV't F»r»«-t an'i In Ferry
San Francisco; ill; Broadway Oak-
j land. _^
' WHITEPASSAND
i ¦ To the ATLIX; HORSE, HOOTA-
LIXQUA. niG SALMON. STEWART RIVER.
-TKLONDIKE and TUKON MINING DIS-
! TRICTS.
j Ocran steamer* connecting with rail line at
i Skaguay. Alaska.
j DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BE'
I TWEKN SKAGUAY AND WHITE HORSE.
I VFpPClal Steamer from White. Horse to Hoota-
j linqua and Big Salmon mines.
; Dh-ect coijTicMion made at -WHITE HORSE
I WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION
i roMPAXY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
i TO DAV.'SCN.
! Cnnrectlons made at DAWSON FOR ALL
! LOWER YUKON RIVER TOINTS.
: For freight nver this route, quick dispatch is
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time. ¦ •- - ¦
. The White Pass and Yukon Route Is the
Summer Tourist'* Paradise. I
E C. HAWKINS, General Manager, Seattle.
! ; J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager,
: Pkajruay. Alaska; Seattle, Wash.
: M. P. CRASCH. Com. Agent, .
j f?6 Market St.. City.
I -»ORTH" PACIFIC COAST RAILROAt
Via Sauaalltb Parry. ' '
; Cornnicncins April 28. 1901.
Kr.OM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
ANI* SAN RAFAEL.
1 WEEK DAVf»-e:55. «:S0. •9:30, U:C0 a. m
! IM.S. *1:45. 3:15. 4:13. 6:15; *6:13.'fi:45 p m.
• KXTP.A TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Kafael on Mondays. Wednesday". Saturdays
ami Sundays at Jl:SO and. 11:47 p. m.
', SUNDAYS— 7:OQ. R:00. *3:00. .'IOiOO. 11:00 U-AQ
¦ a. in.. 12:45. •1:30. 2:30. *3:4S. 5:00. 6:00*. 7|ai
i |». rn. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Kun<Jay«. ,¦ ,
< Trainx marked *•) run to Fan Quentln
iKROM SAN BAFAEI, TO SAX FRANCISCO
i WEEK DAYH-T.:2S. fi:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10-U
•a. m.. •Uf.H. 1:1*1 2:C0. •3:35.4:40. 5:30 p m
1 EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesd'a-s
I and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m
I ¦ SCNHAYS— «!15. t-.V*. 9-45. »tl:no a m *1">
,i m.. 1:00/ 2:15; *3^0. 4:30; *5:45. 6:45.-7:30 "lOlO
|». m. .' • . . . • ¦
Train* marked (*)«/art front San Quentln
FUOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10-3i
a. n.. 12:35. 1:45. 1:45. 3:50. B:10. 5:20 p m
¦ . EXTRA TRIPS on Monday". Wednesdav*
and FRt,urrtay« at 7:1A and 10:35 p m a>!>
SUNI>AYP-«:r,. 15:00. lft :fi.-. li:io a m \->-\\
1:50. 2:30. 3:4%. 5:f». «:15; 7:15. in-3D p nV
. . THROUGH TRAINS.
j C fh a. m. v.eek days — Cazadero and way sta-
Itionr.- . . . i -
'2:15 p. m. Saturdays— Casadero and way sta-
i tlon*.
j r.:ir. p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalps and way station*..' - . . . . , .
S:<v> a. m. Sundays— Cazailero and way gta-
llm»P. • , r •
a. ra. Sundays-rolnt Reyes and "way sta-
-tlons. _ .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
'-r»{n» Iriur mill nrm .Iti^ I <> urrl*. •»•
. MH I'UAKriM'll.
(Main Line. Foot of Jl»rket Street,)
t>K*rt - Fr.ri» Jt'LT XU 1901. - inr.iri
*:O«a I'.fnic;*. h.nisuii. hlmirs «ad Stcn
n<Ktiu> OSIf
7:OOa Vtc.itlle. Wi t •». Kuaisef 1:S3r
• ijto* UMx:fi,ti. ~.ii i'xii.-iii. Sullejo. \*j ».
i'Hi'Kti cmtiui >ikium [:¦>«;. tttZZr
*:«•« D»tU V\ ,«*l,ai.il. Kiiici'ti I.»a.!ir.».
Miirifi»ille.<iii l >Ii!e. 7-.5>p
H.-«O» A'lK,.ti.' l.«,ire«!«-<»i-.'.«i, »i,d K«jt IS:*4r
••:•»«»* KUee. Ltthi.it'. SVoc^tiiu ~.:2tr
»<U0i Nlles. MeudotA tiaufurtl. Visalia.
Pcrttrrijlf 4:35f
•>*»* hh^st» Kii»h»- Da.Tia. W*iJH-ras(for
Hftriii-it S|.ri-=«). UClun*. KeU
V.iua, Pocii»mi 7«»»/
• -«•» Kan Jims. Utentmre, »<t.iicktoii.
iwie. t-mpraitiMiu.. rinc-rtillfi.
M»r)nri:ir. oiiicu. i:«>: ::inir <><3r
«iTB. OakiUir. Cblntss (Vi^Dii.e). ««- *
o«r* OatT«r« 4:£.1r
•:•»? H«>«-r.l Htfasaurf Tat 6t»iH»i,».. • !«»»»
»i««» Villejo ..; . .. |»iS3 r
*:Mt l<« Aiipnw Kiiirom — M*iifi«:,
Tr»e>. l.»-^.f..|. n.x-ktnu Mtic-J
Krn.imi.iMi i,i:3 Ai.Ktt'ia ?:— 3p
¦ i»«» VkIi.j,,. ttwlimcawl n «y Hlatlom 7:»dp
I0>OU* Tbe OrerUi..! IJ-rfMMl-Ofdca, L»en-
»er, UiuaLa.'lSiicM 1 ' 6t»5f
tl:«*fp nacratntnitn llixei Himum 15:OO»
«!3«i Maywuri. SU.* nml Way station*.. -J-SSf
4>v»r ItcuiciB. Winters. Nurauicnto.
U.. 1 ..li«i,<l KnililiU lauding.
M»r|.iHU, Oin.ill- IO:33»
«,«.«, U.rline/.. Su, Bum, VaileJO.
h'i|-i —-'hflnrs. ti«iit« Tnsi «'S3«.
4:««p Nf .*.. l.iierutorA. Stockton. Ltv'ti... IX 2Sp
ti.l''f ll.yuji.i .N!V«. .-in . I »¦«. l.liinuon tM»»A
*-:i<\f i i in C<* fc Tr.cy. Ijibrop. &tf-i-i»ton I <>:i3>
*iwi»r Tit< Dni l<iiu<t<nl-f IRSI..I. Tuiara.
IUti«rKti«ltl. haupi* fur -Santa Bar-
bara. Is.t Anc"l«s H:33t
•tn.p'Uirtin'X. Antiocb. Btocitoo. Mer-
o«l Fresuo I2:23p
•i»»p Vo^sajiW.-. IK>X3r
*i3Of New (j.-!f «r» H-.p , .«- Meadota,
Frecno. Uakrrnoe <l l/« A.r»;eli *.
l> mlrc. El I'aeo. Nrw Orie»u*
• t>d K. st ?|9S«
• = ««r rin «»,.!. Nilprond Sau Jo«e ?.&3i
t»:««r V«! »jo 11:234
• «H>r Oriental Miill-Oe<lpn. CJbcjenn*.
Oitiatia.. Cnlrigi 12:23r
¦ io«r Orin t»l Mali-Ocden. Den ter
6t Loui*. Cbioa«o. ". «:S3r
:<«or ifirr..,, ku .i ISmtttanH Kii-rom.Haa-
ikumsuUi, Mitrjfrillo, IteiMhiK,
1'urtiHiKl, 1'iiKvt hniii,il ami ICut Ss33a
• ¦•UrPfco Piblo. I'..rl tUnU. MtrUoci
and Way Klatlvun 11:23a
$8t»»r Vail.-}.. 7ia.tr
COAST Ll>E (»arro«t (.aaR*).
(Foot<,{ Mnrkrt Slrert.l /
;7ii3» 6»iila <;iui Kxcura-ou to o»nt» Crtu
kud Priocipk! Way Staticns !»:O3*
• ¦•»* Newark. Onl.nrTllle,.-San .lose. t r rl ton.
l«ouid«rCri«k.rkiitcCitizaiid Way
HUtiim* SiO.t
1«il Or N«!rtrk Oei>(«r*illv. flan J,.nt, Nf»
Almaiinu. l-fli'ni. l!ivn:.1"i i!rwk,
Ham* Crux ami l'r<ueli>al Wat
8t«il<>..> ••!»••
? 4il3p Glen "-Q-wi. Hun rler (."reek. Sai'UCnii fK»."V«u
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tt»u til rkiicibCu— ram or B.ihtt m.-wi (stif «>—
t7:16 V Oil 11:00a.m. 2:03 3. S3 S.IS'.K.
rrtaCltUlt— r«t •'«(«•«••;.— fii:O0 {80S 18.-CI
10:00*. M. 12:C0 2.QQ |X3 f.M.
COAST MX 15 (IUok.i Gun)]
(U.lr.l -j.ii lotvufleml at«.)
«iil«t» ban Jom and Way htatal ......... Ai:if>«
17'«O< Ms. liife hihI VVoy .SuU.iin liHOf
/?i<t«. Ne» AUi.xV n / 4il(lt
I7iMU* ounflay Cimrrion for Kan Jen.
fuatm Crn<. t'.dtic Grove « D d
rrlDCipaJ Way Sutioo-. ISiS.v
••••« Htui .'¦•-*. !loll:ru-r Hatita <!m«.
I'aciiic tlrtne. ealinas can Lull >
ObU|-o. K»Dt.» rUr^ats and Pritt-
dii*. iulermetlUteStiiti.iiis.. TiBnp
iOi»»* ftas it/tx and Way 8:»Mon»..... «:3»p
1Ci«Ar ,H»i, Matt-ii. linlnuo.1, uAifo ri'ri".
IVlo Alto. f-autaCiara. Han Jcwe, .
HolUtter, fiauta Crux. &a.Unu.
Moinrrry «n.l I'adfie Ornfe l|(tii; t
»i»Or ««n Jimw. Tra* rtnoa. Bai.ta Crnz.
Pacific Grore a.ntl Way St. I !..,.« «:lOp
f<«II»r fu..I.««i..i l'rit,cii)a! Way Stalinns «:»-">»
43:O«p8nti Jom-. Urn GatOf tud rrludpal
\\r .•• KUtirmc „... 1'.I:()O»
StSOp Kan Jose ami Principal Way Kufo.,t h;.1« »
•¦•Or Kr<1»o'd. -Han .1«e~, f.Vr.j. S»!Ua».
Santa* Ilarbara. lxx AnccKa lo.-«3»
<l:3«r San Jose and WayMtatlous 1 *-.«¦>»
flUt<5pSen Jon-i.ii<) Way HutUmg". ?:3Vr
A tot Uoruiug I" for Afternoon.
1 Sii.mUj eltqilcl ! v >nu5«r OO'». ¦ r -''^'
cKatttrday only. . t Mond»y.
« Batnrder ml Eon<]«r. ._ / Turf dij* and Frtdaja
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AN'D DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace &n<l Touriit Sleepers. '
Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*.
Ubrary Observation Car.
BEDU'EB ROU>U .r.it» KATES TO
EAS- rrx r»n>T-. rr«-
£. £. ULAlli. Oeo. Asi.. €33 Market sl
> •^••^••••••••••••••••« ••••••••••••••••••••••
I A $25,000 !
[ SPECIAL J
! purchase]
t~ " ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ . ~ ' : -. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •
> '.'.;'-:¦ y eriF^ ' '* ¦" "/••• . u:#
j Ladies' Tailor-MadiB Suits. j
! Ladies 'Tailor- Made Jackets. |
! - Ladies' Tailor-Made Skirts'. 5
I Ladies- Tailor-Made Gapes. •
j Ladies' Fur Capes. •
I Ladies' Silk Waists. |
1 -: . ¦¦"' ¦ • ¦ .¦""•. '¦"•¦*¦'. .¦:' ''¦¦ ¦•: : ' ' ; .- •¦ . ..' ¦¦ ©
J 200 LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in black and colored; value %
J for $6.ooi $7.00 arid $7.50. The entire line 01 *jr •
* - will be placed on sale at. . . . . . ;**: ...... ..... f J •
I ¦ -¦' ' :' "• • •"••" ' - -,-T,; ¦'¦ •¦ ." -'-¦.¦*.;•••>¦;-> . ..U-:.,.- O
I;'."' •' ' .•-•¦¦•• - ' #
r - ¦ ¦ -- . -.: • . ¦ - •; •• ¦ •• ' ; : . .. ..-v \ •
| LADIES will find it to their advantage." to examine the J
> above lines and convince themselves that they are the •
> * greatest bargains . ever . offered in- new and stylish o
I ffOOdS. ¦ ¦-: '. ¦-•'.'. :.' ;..' 2
!¦ -;, ; - >; .-|; ¦••;¦;• \ : :\: : ' : ; . ;.;';. :\"/ -. |
\ J. 0 BR1EJN 06 tOi, 1
; 1146 J^ARKET STREET. |
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
Vii Hoars* Kids From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTION'S IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Flshlnx Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club,"
Eighth Season of our Famous Uaxin* B&ad.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CX.TTB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournament*.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, caique ar-
rangements for camping: and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
.. _. E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
•*, c «. « _»_ °* BANNING CO..
¦ ra South Spring st.. Los Angelea, Cal»^_
O if li f*f* O HOT sp KINGS. SONOmI
UA/f L7L7O o°- : T£. nly 4% hours from
VIl/lWV gan Francisco; but 9 miles
_ *,.. . . . staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State -
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stag*
service: morning and afternoon stages: round
£°n» S. F. only $5 B0. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:y a. m. or 3. JO p. m. Terms, fj a day or
112 a woefc. References— Any guest of the part
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-
"«•¦ 20 Montgomery st.. or of J. F. MXTL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMTTB STAGH
CO.— Running directly through the Tnolumn-*
Big Trea Grove. Lowest rates on th« market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Stairta*
2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours a*xt day,
arriving at Tosemite Valley S p. m. Send for
illustrated folder. "WM. J. WHITS. Oin.
Agent. 630 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F.: tel. Black S571.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive summer and winter re-
sort in Lake County. Boating, bathing. bowl>
ing. tennis, new livery, -walks and boats. X
marine toboggan 160 feet long. Write, for cir-
cular. EDOAR DURNAN. Laurel Dell. Lake
County. Cal.
OWN A HOME X! £5S£ I -CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. 130
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging J8: tak» Sausallto ferry. $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSOJf. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. V-
For festafldtealtft IN tup RRA T^
near Collax on C. P. R. R. Elevation ju»t riaht —
24CO ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No atagingr good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate*.
Ideal forests and grounds. $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet Orchard Springs, ColXax, CaL
viCMY sntrwos,
Tho only place In the United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electrio Waters ; Champagne .Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMETER ft CO..
. Proprietor*.
,V BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. CaL. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California. Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral batha near by. Terms
Jl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. Lessee.
MOUNTAIN HOME. '
' In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rar* ssort
during the deer season. Pack of hounds.
CESr g Lra?a 3 ? n CaL ble - AddrC " "^
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRivna
STAGE LINE.-Hopland toSStett 8^SS2
via Lakeport. • carrying passengers f or Lake-
wift Sfin 3 *? 1^ f Dr i n * 9 - sugw «££&
ij-w- 2)5? Hopland. Leave Hobland at
i !J .^ tV9 . at I^ k «i>ort at 3:30; arrive as
Bsrtlett Springs at 7:30. New 8-horse 14-pai-
;?P£ er ,. tourl « 01™. made to order for thi*
£!£? 1Ul & wltb aU the most modern improve-
K?;. « a iw nser »! £ or L^erwrt « BarUstt
ISe Line by Bartlett Spring
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
Pr£«2£r° N HOUSE-Eighteen miles from
rj*£% * u ?' on 8taKe llne - Good troat fishing.
SSiL^'V cream> mllk - free conveyance fos
a%} t ? Or more: erand «dwood sceneqf
Address J. Luttrlnger. Seavtew. Sonoma Co./*
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particular*.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '•
. - f
.'-¦'¦'¦ . '5^;r
•;-:This week is the last week and the greatest week of the
remnant sale. This week is the week when the already low-
priced 7 remnant quotations are reduced for the final clean-
up. This' is the week when we sell the remnants of the
remnants— the last of the odd lots. Never before in our
dry-goods history in San Francisco have we quoted such
low prices on any kind of merchandise. This is the great-
est list of items you have ever read, and to-morrow should
be the greatest sale day our Market-street Store has ever
had. &
Remnants of Fancy Brocatellc Suitings— :.'--i;
A stylish silk and wool fabric for house gowns, children's street
dresses, shopping suits, etc., in the new shadings of turquoise, old
rose, purple, golden brown, electric, reseda, etc.. combined with black
—small figures and mixed effects — 40 inches wide — the rejarular Brad-
ford English make — goods which sold all over America for 50c and
60c a yard, will be sacrificed at the remnant wind-up to-morrow at....
...23c Yard
For sale at Market-street Store only.
Remnants of Scotch Zibalins Suitings—
. Just the material for an outing suit or cycling skirts — in plain and
herringbone weaves — in light and dark Oxford grays, tan and pastel
brown mixtures — a perfect dust shaker and an elegant 56-inch fabric —
this has been a dollar cloth all season— remnants frpm 2 to 6 yards
long will be sacrificed at the remnant wind-up at ...49c Yard
¦ For sale at Market-street store only.
Remnants of Silk Finish Henrietta — ?'
A soft, clingy fabric for pleated skirts, waists, kimonas, tea gowns
and party dresses— in pink, cream, sky blue, ox-blood, cardinal, golf
red, old rose, etc. — 45 inches wide and sold off the bolt all season at
50c a yard — we have about 50 remnants from 1^3 to 10 yards long,
which will be sacrificed at the remnant wind-up to-morrow at •
• 29c Yard
For safe at Market-street store on'y.
Remnants of Bed Spreads—
123 extra large, crocheted bedspreads of Marseilles patterns, nicely
hemmed and regularly, sold at $1.15, have been found unexpectedly in
our stock rooms — it is necessary to close these remnants ouf at once,
consequently they will be offered for sale, beginning at 8 a. m., at
..95c Each
For sale at Market-street store onfy.
Remnant Sale of Comforters —
Big enough for double beds — a miscellaneous lot of odds and ends in
good patterns — well stitched, filled with pure, white cotton, the regular
$1.10 line— you may find just the comforter that suits your fancy in this
lot, and if so" the price, beginning to-morrow, will be ..80c Each
For sale at Market-street store only. : r> : ' ;
Remnants of Blankets.
About 85 big, heavy, for double bed, California wool blankets — the
fine, warm, soft, fleecy ones, have become slightly soiled by showing
them in our store windows^ — these, of course, cannot be sold at the
regular prices, so they will be offered at the remnant wind J up at...'
.......:.......• ..$2.95 Pair
For sale at Market-street store only.
ADVEBTISEXffiENTS. ,
SUPERFLUOUS H AIR O
FPEEJ FREE/
H^SjTjKsnmr'ls permanently removed by DR.
WT^TSW'nrt MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE.
"tfVV^5v®S l:il -' nonc " i building, 1170 Market St.,
l^V'2fi**/lvf w1th tne electric needle, without
: -KSaS^ "<2 f aln or scar - First sitting free.
$$£&{&•& >{? Hours, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
'^*S^^ JSf Toilet Cream. 50c; Brahman Tooth
rjqf —1,^5 Powders. 25c.. All druggists.
large stock always at J. S. Potts
! Brunette Complexion Powder f
la )ost the shndo lor a ana-browned com- Q
plexions ahHolutely ' pare, barmlosa and H
beneficial. Two other color* — pink and 5J
white. 8amp1o (rec • H
J. A. Pozzosl. St. Ijocla. Mo. H
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
C&LIFORHU HORTHWESTERH RI. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburcn Ferry. Foot of Market S^
S:ii Francltuo 1 » San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, ll:C0 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. in. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
I and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:tt>, 6:20 p. m.
t an H j.n-1 in Rm Francisco.
I WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, i:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6.35 p. in. ¦ ¦ . ¦
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Wee'k I Sun- J ~~- | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination., days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato, 13:40 am 8.40 am
3:»0 pml 9:30 am] Petaiuma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm, 5:00 pmf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
i Fulton. '¦ T~. ~~
7:30 am] Windsor. [10:25 am
\ 5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami f>:UO pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:S0 pm) 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| fl:20 pm
7:30 am |10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm . :
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma | 9:15 am 8:40 am
f and • I
6:10 Dmi 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ~ 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:M pmf 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pni| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa RoBa for Mark West
Springs and White SulDhur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
' GeyservlIIe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncco
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Spring", Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. . Riverside,' Llerley; s, •¦ Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr "s Hot
springs. Mendoclno City, . Fort Bragg,; West-
port. Usal. ¦VVillits. Laytonville Cummins,
B'll's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, • • ¦ • • ¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets ' to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates. r ¦> ¦
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.- • ¦ ¦•_'• ¦¦ . . -
li. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN,
Oen. Manuager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
, TU luMllta rtrr/— F«at *l Vtrktt 8t
*2*JJ:J.....WEHK DAYS.... t flgjJJ;
8«0a. m.1 :•¦••¦'•-. . ;,r fl2:15r.ii,
9H0a.u. /-^:; 1:15 p.m.
10.00 A. M. I AUNDATS „ 8:30 *. M.
HO r. li. :;..': . 6^0 P.M.
3»r. m.J , 7:10 r. u.
ran, Su frudiat M Snmatt tad Brtwn, f 1.4*
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & SanaalUo Ferry,
•l-I"*-!- v^-J-H* 'l-ir&rlri 1 •H~I* < J-H* W4"H*4* 4rI-H-H* 'K"!"!^"!* WWW'+'H"!"!"! 1
J : Dry Goods :^^^^ rCoinpknyS ll
? APPLIQUE SlLl<: AND RUJFFLED ROB5S. •;
t lace and spAisgled robes: . ; ; I.
I VELVET APPLIQUE RUFFLED ROBES. '.'.\
CHANTILLY LACE RUFFLED ROSES. +
*I* » ¦' ¦ , v -,. • j J t "
I STYLISH LACES;- ::^ M
X - :='¦¦¦¦¦'¦ '¦ ¦ *'
]jf E2CI.VG5, IVSTRTIXG", GA .ONS AND ALL-CV£R3. : TO MATCH, Xj
5 in Black. Cream. Ivzry, Ecru and Champagne: . •
T MAKS— B\TISTE, AL3vc~N, V=N1SE^ CLU'U^tz; ARABIAN, CL>T,Y, ?
X.' APPLIQ JB AND G- IPURE D'A^T. .; ¦¦' '-. 4-
I FEATHER BOAS. f
*j\ A FINE LOT JUST OPENED. X\
.n Black. White. Gray. Na'urzl. White and Black, and White with colors. X i
? CITY OF PARIS. DRY GOODS; COMPANY, |
5 tE. Corccr Ccarj sad StocHon Streets,. Skn.Fra90isoo.-v T i
*T ( UNION spUfl^E,. ¦^ l -:.:}^ ¦:¦ f\
X BLACK AND COLORED DaESS COODS JUST OPZr ED. ?
Jim -.-.'¦ ¦«• V" <"'-¦• ¦',."; i. ¦-• - ¦ ¦ -: '.' »*.
._._._._- eailway; traVei,; I
The Dining Cars '
are Unexcelled
.. . On: my recent eastern trip, I used the Burlington
! Route from Denver.; to Chicago and return, and
I it is with pleasure that I compliment you upon the
efficient service you offer the traveling public. I
consider your dining car service unexcelled, as
compared with other lines; W. J. Andrews,
t Croker Building, San Francisco.
¦"¦-.. ¦ . .- ¦ i
[Bg?'>3^aE^E'J Through sleepers fcr Chicago via the Burlington Route leave San
{T^'* 9J J pH Francisco daily. Tourist sleepers Tue£days and Thursdays. Infor- i
j JyAjJ^i] c^JL* 1. ma ven, tickets and berths at — j
• > ll HE ** I Ticket Office, 631 Market Strett
w. D. Sanborn, General Agent San FranciscoSUNDAY. AUGUST 25.
Sun rises 5:33
Sun sets 6:49
Moon sets 1:09 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide- of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given • are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the -depth piven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
GRAND HOTEL.
J C Norton, Arizona
T Coffin. Carson
L Clark, Boston
H Crowe, England
F T Sweeney, Cal
W F Knox. Sacto
T W Hawkins, Holllstr
F Carter. Marysvllle
W A Miller & w, Cal
A O Wllber. Cleveland
F C Lord. Wash, D C
C W Brink & w, Cal
Mrs J J Cunningham,
Alaska
C W Morring, Seattle
C Newton & w, Cal
E B Smedley, Fluto
Mrs M S Robblns, Chg
L C Inen. Palo Alto
C W Lee. Stanford
J A Miller Jr. Etanfd
C T Stephens, Etanfrd
G M Churchill, N Y
Mrs W R Gilpatrici.
Cripple Creek
A J Bowen. Los Ang
J Herron, Denver
Dr W J O Dawson,
St Helena
J A Owens, Sacto
l>r H W Gottenberg &
w, Sonoma
N Degon, Chicago
G Swanston, Sacto
W W Gilbert. USA
F Thorpe & w. Nevada
W J Knox, Louisiana
K H Knox, Louisiana
S J Speak, London
G E Smith, Chicago
C A Bump, Sacto
J Raggie. San Andrew
L J Owenberg & w.
Eureka
Mrs J M Morton &
dau, Stanford
B L Moore, San Jose
Mrs K Pittman, Nom»
J W Bell, Nome
M White, Berkeley
C W Palmer, Chgo
B Burns, Mt View
G Dunley, VaJIeJo
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL.
F Sellmeyers, Cal i
F R Tibbltts & f y. Colo
M Davis & w. Fresno
T Price. Fresno
J Farla & w, Bksfield
Miss Williamson, Nev
J H Miller. Seattle
J Enos, Cortland
n Talfor, Crockett i
F J Martin, Los Ang
H Sparks, Alcatraz !
A B Smith, Sacto
J Taurence. Spokane
V P Deniens. Butte
J F Lanagan, Minn
B F Darlinir. vt
C Herdacker, Vt
D H Peck & w, Po
* noche •
A C Can>er, Mexico
W Dunn. Ean Josa
Miss Dalnaye, S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs W E Dargle, Oak
F G Marcus, Menlo
R Zeliner Jr. Los Ang
Miss M Wexler. New O
Miss A Wexler, New O
F S Weis. New Orleans
D G Grant. Los Ang
J Marx, N Y
L Goldschmidt, Arl*
S J Mansfield, Tucson
Mrs F M Brown", N Y
MIes M M Shattuck.NY
Dr B T Felshinan. Cal
H E Slaetter, Mo
A J Silberstein, Mass
C A Stockman, N Y
Mrs Stockman, N Y
C n Collins, Seattle
K N Buller. Los Ang
Mrs Bull«r. Los Ang
O Laehr, Milwaukee
K E Mills, Indiana
A G Wells, Los Ang -
Mrs Wells, Los Ang
Miss Wells, Los Ang
Mies N Wells. Los Ang
II B White. Los Ang
J ¦ F Barnard, Ind I
Mrs Barnard, Ind
A S Klley. N Y
Miss Griffith, Ind
S A Brooks, Mass
Mrs Brooks, Mass
D Beer. N Y
C M Henderson Jr, Cal
L R Mecey. 8 Ana
H P Colfelt. Phlla
Mrs Buford, N Y
L B Kelfer, Pa
G \V- Stowell, Boston
G Mason. Los Ang
B C Conchman. N Y
W S Tupper. Los Ang
W A Nichols. Cal
L Emery Jr, Pa - . ..
P A Dinsmore, S Jose
C E Pearsall, Eureka
Mrs Pearsall, Eureka
H W Lawrence, Utah
Mrs Lawrence, Utah
J H Young. Salt Lake
Mrs Young, Salt Lake
Mrs LcG Young, S Lke
Miss Young, Salt Lake
Miss J Young. Salt Lke
Miss I Ickes. Salt Lake
W Reid. Salt Lake -
A A Hyland, Holland '
J H Wllterdlnk, Hol'd
HOTEL ABJEtlVALS.
Southern Pacific Low Bates East.
September 5 and S and October 3 and 4,
to Buffalo, 5S7 00, round trip. September
5 and 6 to Cleveland, $82 50, round trip.
Many hours quickest Many miles short
est. Best scenery. Choice of routes
Daily limited train service to Chicago.
Tourist car excursions to both Cleveland
and Buffalo. 613 Market street.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 2t— Stmrs Dolphin,
Cottage City and Hum bold t. from Skaguay;
Btxnr Newbure. from Santa Barbara; etmr
Portland, from Xome.
Sailed Aug 23— U S stmr Seward, for Alaska;
stmr Queen, for Sitka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Aug 24— Stmr
Portland, from Cape Nome, for Seattle.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Aug 24— Br etmr
Bristol, hence Aug 21. for Oyster Harbor; stmr
Elihu Thomson, from Nome.
Parsed out Aug 24— Schr Comet, for San
Pedro: *cfcr Columbia, from Ballard. for San
Francisco.
DUTCH HARBOR— In sort Aug 16— Schr
Pearl and V B (Unr Pathfinder.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 24— Schr Lucy, for
Umpqua.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Aug 24. E p m— Stmr
Pas&deca, from Eureka, for San Pedro; etmr
Fulton, from Redondo, for Albion.
EUREKA— Arrived Au: 24— Schr Bertha Dol
bper, from Newport.
Sailed Aus 24— Schr Otlllie Fjord, for Hono
lulu: Etrcr Eureka, for San Francisco. <.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 24— H B M «tmr
Phaeton, for Esquimalt.
FOREIGX PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Aujr »-Ger ship
Altter, from Hair.burff.
NEWCASTLE, Aus-CIeared July 21— Ship
Kennebec, for Acarmlco.
KIO DE JANEIRO— Sailed July 21— Stmr Me
teor. f.-)r .^an Francisco.
HULL— In :>ort Aug 5— Br ship Wayfarer, for
Ea.n p'raiicisco.
SWANSEA— In port A.uff *— Fr bark Ville de
Jjijon. for fcan Francisco.
SING K PORE— Sailed Aur 7— Br Etmr Cru
«ad«r for Sourab&ya and British Columbia.
LONDON— Sailed Aug 12— Cer Etmr Totmes,
for San Francisco. -V .' -
MORORAN— Sailed Aug 11— Br stmr Oceana,
for Crr^cn.
KOESIi— Failed Aug 12— Br stmr Glamorgan
shire for Yokohama and San Francisco.
HONGKONG-Sailed Aug S-Br etmr Yang
tze, for Scuttle. ; •
Arrived Aue 23— Stmr Peru, hence July 25.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 23— Br etmr Gua
temala, for Ean Francisco. _ -
.ANTWERP— Arrived Aug S— Br ship Castle
Bock, to load for San Francisco. ,: r - •
.ADELAIUK-ArrJved Auz 24-Bkta James
Johnson, from Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS. * • ! . , \ f
OEEESOCK- Sailed Aug 24— Stmr City of
Home, for ICcw York. :
LONDON— Sailed Auc 24— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Indra
tille. Irr.m Portland and Astoria, for Hong
kong. Prior to Aui? 24 — Stmr Rio Jun Mara.
f rem ' Seattle, for Hongkong; etmr Duke of
lite, from Tacoma and Victoria, for Kobe,
Khanphai and Hongkonc: Etmr Cootie, from
*CSaa Francibco, via Honolulu, for Hongkong,
via Nagasaki and Shanghai: stmr Carlisl*
<Mty. from Ean Francisco aad Ean Dieco, for
Hongkong.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Aug :4-Stmr
Dr. Oren Root, professor of mathemat
ics at Hamilton College, Utica, N. Y., a
brother to Elihu Root, Secretary of War,
has been a guest at • the Hotel
St. Nicholas during the past week.
Dr. Root Is a keen observer as well as
a traveler. He has journeyed all the way
from Utica to see and then to air hi3
opinion on California and its Inhabitants.
His views have been printed and spread
broadcast by his home paper and the resi
dents of that place have been given a
splendid Idea of this city and her people.
As a descriptive writer Professor Root
deserves to take his- place among the
gifted writers of the country, but he Is
modest and calls himself a "rural peda
gogue." As a sample of his descriptive
¦work the following excerpt may be en-
Joyed by Call readers:
The rural pedagogue has continued his ab
sence from familiar scenes and has railroaded
of late along the Pacific Coast. The distance
between points that touch each other Is about
the same here as elsewhere; but points that
don't touch each other are a great way apart.
The Journey from Portland to San Francisco
by the Shasta route— Southern Pacific— is
worth taking if one had to do it on foot or
in a wheelbarrow. For details, friends can
consult any dictionary unabridged— the largest
preferred. They have arranged to hold down
most of the "sand lots" in San Francisco, but
enough of them float around to make trolley
and cable travel very disagreeable. There
are hills in San Francisco and the way the
cable cars climb them should be a magnifi
cent encouragement to freshmen and other
small boya and girls who have to tackle
mathematics. My notion of California is not
exhaustive or accurate. I feel quite sure in
saying that in the main it Is a State of one-,
story houses and two-story men and women.
If any one has said that before I congratu
late hlm-he had Bense. The "rural peda-
Eocue" driving about Oakland reluctantly
consented to a drive through the campus of
the - University of California. The site Is
superb. The buildings . are temporary but
convenient. As two Hamilton men are In the
faculty, the teaching part of the Institution
Is sound.
He pays a tribute to Colonel Oscar
Long, saying:
More than all else here the rural pedagogue
has been impressed with the work of con
trolling and shipping the new growth— a
great army, suddenly called into service, to
be sent across an ocean for work in a new
land. The East was too far off. From the
ground- the- work was built up— the men,
thousands on thousands of them — nearly 100,000
In all, outfitted and iorwarded by army trans
ports to Manila. A handsome, quiet gentle
man, growing now a little gray at the tem
ples, has 1 done the work. He was a Utlca
boy— Ut lea Academy and Bryant and Stratton
—and Hopson and Shepard, before West Point.
He has his vote in Utica yet. No general In
command, no general in the field, no general
In headquarters has done more for American
success than the quiet,, clear-eyed, firm
mouthed man— Quartermaster Oscar F. Long.
It is a shame in the service that men brave
In ection. but no braver than Long, and not
having done one-tenth his work,' have gone up
to hleh rank. , " . .
The R. P. expects to spend a little 'more
time in estimating California and then 'more
on the I Yellowstone region, which is not to
be estimated because It belongs to the I gen
eral Government. Any one who estimates on
a general United States Government proposi
tion should have the wisdom of the Supreme
Court of the United States and the conceit of
a newly appointed lieutenant of. infantry.
The rural pedagogue : being - noW; well "and
happy, may hereafter waste time, Ink and
paper along,, these lines.
¦ Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange. Ean Francisco Cal
August 24, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building; was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian. . or . at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N. In charge
Brother of Secretary of
War Root Has a
Vein of Humor.
« AKKIVED.
Saturday. Ausruet 24.
Eter Point Arena. Hansen. 1* hours from
Mendocino.
Etnir Geo Lcomls, Brideett. 64 hour* from
Redondo. _
6tmr Sequoia, ¦W'lnkel. 15 hours from Fort
Bragr. *
• Stmr Waihtenaw, ZoUlng, 90 hours from Ta
coma,
CLEARED.
Saturday. August 24.
Etjar Argyll. Gilfcoy, Panama; Panama R R
ts.i. S & Line. .
Btrar Santa Rosa, Alexander. Ban Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Etror Bonlta, Nonaader, Seattle: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. August St.
etmr Mackinaw. Uttlefield. Seattle.
; Etna- National City, -Dettmers, Fort Brae?.
Etmr Wbltesboro. Olsen. .
Br stmr 'WelllnKton, Salmond, Oyster Har
bor.
Schr Repeat. Olsen. .
Echr Mary Dodge. Olson. Eureka.
SPOKEN.
Aur U. -0 miles oft Stuart Point, Br ship
Alclnous, from Hamburg, for Saa Francisco.
July IS, lat 11 N, Ion 23 W— Ship Benjamin
F Packard, from Norfolk, for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Augr 24. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W, velocity 12 miles per bour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Charters.
The ManydoTrn has been chartered prior to
arrival to load wheat for Europe at 3"s 6d.
GIVES HIS VIEWS
OF CALIFORNIA
"Water Front U"otes.
Charley Murrey and Nick Sullivan are
among the missing on the front. They
are both well-known non-union sailors,
and it is said the union has sent them on
a vacation up the Sacramento in a yawl.
Others again assert that their absence is
due to an urgent inquiry tfiat Beadle &
Co, -the ship owners^ are making about
them. In either event Murrey and Sulli
van are missing and their friends are
wondering.
The steamei Alliance got a rope in her
propeller at Coos Bay and was detained
there some time. Since the strike she
has been running between the Columbia
River and Eureka, leaving San Francisco
out of her itinerary.
J. T. Cardoza went out as purser of the
Pomona to-day. He takes the place of
Purser Harry Skinner for one trip. Mr.
Cardoza is the Coroha's regular-purser,
but as that vessel is laid up he takes the
place of Mr. Skinner, who remains ashore
on business.
Loading 1 for Europe.
Four of the grain fleet are nearly loaded
at Port Costa and the agents expect to
get them away for Europe this week.
The Santa Clara, the first of the salmon
fleet, went alongside the British ship John
Cocke, lying at Beale-street wharf, yes
terday and the work of transferring the
salmon from one vessel to the other was
begun at once. The Cooke expects to get
away for Liverpool before the month is
out, while the Santa Clara will return to
Alaska for another load of salmon.
County of Haddington Given Up for
Lost by Her Owners.
The British four-masted ship County of
Haddington is now out 204 days from
New York for Shanghai with a cargo of
coal oil and her owners have about given
her up for lost. At the present time 90
per cent is offered to reinsure vessel and
cargo, with no takers. The County . of
Haddington is a sister ship to the County
of Inverness, which arrived here on the
10th Inst. in ballast from Pisagua to load
wheat for Europe.
The British bark Calluna Is now out 149
days from Calcutta for Tocopilla, and 20
per cent is being paid on her.
The Norwegian bark Prince Arthur is
now out 103 days from Port Gamble for
Port Pirie and 20 per cent is being paid
on her chances. The Prince Arthur was
formerly the British bark Hoghton Tower,
but was sold to the Norwegians several
years ago. She loaded 1,292,640 feet of
lumber en the Sound and is making a
long run to the Australian coast. Ship
ping men fear that she was caught In a
gale and dismasted.
HE Erltish ship Manydown ar-
I rived from Swansea Friday night
I after a run of 1C6 days. She had
JJL a hard time of it and was in
three storms that carried away
nearly two suits of sails. Strange
to say. the Manydown arrived here Au
gust 23, 1S25, after an almost similar voy
age, which occupied exactly 166 days. On
that occasion she raced with the British
ship Lord Templemore, and they made a
dead heat of It. On her last voyage the
Manydown sailed against time and time
won.
The coal laden ehip left Swansea on
March 9 last. In the Bay of Biscay she
•R-as caught- in a thunderstorm, which
lasted lour days and carried away the
inner and outer Jib and the upper topsail.
From that on fair weather was the rule
until May 8, when another thunderstorm
was run into, during which the chip la
bored heavily and some more sails were
blown out of the bolt ropes. On May 30
Cape Horn was sighted and on June 7 the
good ship was In the middle of the heavy
weather that generally prevails off the
Cape of Storms. On June 26 and 2S the
Manydown was running before it, but the
heavy beam seas that followed her wash
ed the chocks from under the lifeboats
and swept everything moveable on deck
away. It was as much as a man's life
was worth to move around the deck and
many a time the crew had to take to the
rigging to escape being washed overboard.
THE OVEHDUE FLEET.
Peru, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, To
kohema and Nagasaki : stmr Athenian, from
\ancoi'\-er. via Yokohama.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed Aue IS— Stmr Tyr.
for Astoria, Or.
HAVRE— Sailed Auc 24— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for Xew York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Auk 24-Stmr Manltou.
for Ijondon: stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam,
via Boulogne: etror Minnehaha. for London:
stmr Lucania, for Liverpool: stmr Phoenicia,
for Hamburg; ftmr Furnessla, for Glasgow.
Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Rotterdam, from Bou
locne. * .
GENOA— Arrived Aus 23— Stmr Wcrra, from
New York, via Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aujr 2S— Stmr Bovic. for
New York. Aug 24— Stmr Campania, for New
Yor!c
CHERBOURG— Sailed Auk 24— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, for 'New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aue 24^ Stmr Vaderland.
for New York.
Remarkable Coincidence in Two Trips of the
British Vessel From Swansea, Each Taking
166 Days and Ending on the Same Day
NOTE— The hlph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twentv-flve minutes later than -at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TJnJted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at- Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published " by official au
thority of the Superintendent. , "
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SHIP MANYDOWN REACHES
PORT AFTER STORMY VOYAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL. SUNDAY; ; AUGUST 25; 1901.
27
Time [Time Time Time
Date Ft. » Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft.
1L. TVi !H W IL W| |H V.'
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0 . 7:47 6.3
J6 ... 2:44 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:3fi 2.7 8:40 5.4
C7 ... 3:22—0.1 10:27 4.9 3:22 2.2 9:31 5.6
28... 4:05—0.1 11:00 o.l 4:05 1.8 10:20 5.7
29 ... 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.S 4:54 1.4 11:10 5.7
30... 5:24 0.2 12:00 5.41 5:41 1.0
|H W |L. W H W L W
SI ..I 0:01 5.51 6:05 0.61 12:35 5.5 6:30 0.7
Steamer. 1
From.
Due.
City of Puebla
Mandalay
San Jose
St. Paul
Eureka
Hongkong Mai
Warren.
Palena
Mariposa
Arcata
Pomona
South Portland
Walla Walla...
Guatemala
Santa Rosa
Point Arena...
Horda
Matteawan....
Eureka
Curacao........
Berapls ;
Umatllla
Australia.
China
Newport
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 23
Coqutlle River Aug. 25
Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 25
Humboldt Aug. 25
China and Japan Aug. 27
Seattle Aug. 27
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Honolulu Aug. 28
Coos Bay Aug. 28
Humboldt Aug. VS
Coos Bay Aug. 29
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 29
San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 23
Point Arena Aug. 30
Oyster Harbor Aug. 30
Tacoma Aug. 30
Humboldt Aug. SO
Mexican Ports Sept 1
Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 1
Puget Sound Ports Sept. 3
Tahiti Sept. 3
China and Japan Sept. 3
Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Aosrust 25.
Arcat* Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Bonlta Seattle * pm Pier S
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 1
Santa Rosa.. San Dlfgo & Way 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
AoRnit 20.
Arryll N. T. via Panama. 2 pmlS.W.l
Point Arena.. Point Arena. 2 pmlPier 3
Aa^ttit 27.
Czarina.,. Seattle & Tacoma,. 10 am Pier 7
Eureka.: Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Neko s. Amer & Europe 12 m Pier 27
*? aell< ; China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
s 'enal Grays & Willapa H 5pmPwllst
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier S
San Juan Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Mandalay.... Coqullle River E pm Pier i
City Puebla.. p uge t Sound "ports. U am Pier S
Angrnst 30.
Pomcna Humboldt 1:20 p Pier £
AnsoRt 31.
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier '
September 1.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 3^
Santa B*«a.. San Diego & "$Vay..| 9 am Pier l:
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottagre City... Skag^ay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 26
Dolphin Ekaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2(5
Roanoke Xcme and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller ; Auy. 27
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
Dlrigo Ekaguay & Way Ports.|Aus. 2S
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. I Aug. 29
Senator Xom* direct -.|Aug 23
Santa Ana Nome and St. Michael j\Aug. 31
Time [Time Time Time
Date Ft. » Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft.
1L. TVi !H W IL W| |H V.'
25 ... 2:00 0.3 9:11 4.3 1:45 3.0 . 7:47 6.3
J6 ... 2:44 0.0 9:50 4.6 2:3fi 2.7 8:40 5.4
C7 ... 3:22—0.1 10:27 4.9 3:22 2.2 9:31 5.6
28... 4:05—0.1 11:00 o.l 4:05 1.8 10:20 5.7
29 ... 4:43 0.0 11:30 5.S 4:54 1.4 11:10 5.7
30... 5:24 0.2 12:00 5.41 5:41 1.0
|H W |L. W H W L W
SI ..I 0:01 5.51 6:05 0.61 12:35 5.5 6:30 0.7
Steamer. 1
From.
Due.
City of Puebla
Mandalay
San Jose
St. Paul
Eureka
Hongkong Mai
Warren.
Palena
Mariposa
Arcata
Pomona
South Portland
Walla Walla...
Guatemala
Santa Rosa
Point Arena...
Horda
Matteawan....
Eureka
Curacao........
Berapls ;
Umatllla
Australia.
China
Newport
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 23
Coqutlle River Aug. 25
Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 25
Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 25
Humboldt Aug. 25
China and Japan Aug. 27
Seattle Aug. 27
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Honolulu Aug. 28
Coos Bay Aug. 28
Humboldt Aug. VS
Coos Bay Aug. 29
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 29
Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 29
San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 23
Point Arena Aug. 30
Oyster Harbor Aug. 30
Tacoma Aug. 30
Humboldt Aug. SO
Mexican Ports Sept 1
Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 1
Puget Sound Ports Sept. 3
Tahiti Sept. 3
China and Japan Sept. 3
Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Aosrust 25.
Arcat* Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Bonlta Seattle * pm Pier S
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 1
Santa Rosa.. San Dlfgo & Way 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
AoRnit 20.
Arryll N. T. via Panama. 2 pmlS.W.l
Point Arena.. Point Arena. 2 pmlPier 3
Aa^ttit 27.
Czarina.,. Seattle & Tacoma,. 10 am Pier 7
Eureka.: Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Neko s. Amer & Europe 12 m Pier 27
*? aell< ; China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
s 'enal Grays & Willapa H 5pmPwllst
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier S
San Juan Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Mandalay.... Coqullle River E pm Pier i
City Puebla.. p uge t Sound "ports. U am Pier S
Angrnst 30.
Pomcna Humboldt 1:20 p Pier £
AnsoRt 31.
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier '
September 1.
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 3^
Santa B*«a.. San Diego & "$Vay..| 9 am Pier l:
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Cottagre City... Skag^ay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 26
Dolphin Ekaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 2(5
Roanoke Xcme and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller ; Auy. 27
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
Dlrigo Ekaguay & Way Ports.|Aus. 2S
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. I Aug. 29
Senator Xom* direct -.|Aug 23
Santa Ana Nome and St. Michael j\Aug. 31
AMUSEMENTS. I
COLUMBIA 5BSS COLUMBUItraT
....BEGINNING TO-MORROW.... ATTRACTION EXTRAORDINArT
MATINEE SATURDAY. "™™7™™A™™r™7~ _ .....__
...LAST WEEK op t£$3££* ANN F
m\TICf CDAHlif A WC MONDAY, Sept. 2 nlllill-
TftlWDAMV WfflfteMnt IIUUUl-LL
vUl'Il AH I IN B. KABSHALL'8 COMZDS
With HILDA SPONG. fl "' - " "^Sr -« «" •«
FIRST TIME HERE of the Madison Square IS 11 B I W II i ,i x mo ntll» at th» ty-
Theater (N. Y.) Comedy Succes*. t #4 H U I H L estim The»Ur. N.Y.,iid
11/ UK CTP7 Q ...... - - *-• whieh i* *•
VM MM JC^MZ^/Mm^^mjf rRAJill V to rttsra for another ran
yU § rgB-Hf B f\l 8 fl IB?. I la B rery limited engtiemen
HH M U. M B B A ¦ JatMi cit7> dariag tms th , gUr win b ,
1 AJ JLJ7 gST fi7 § Gai supported hj the original New York s «t, inelnd-
VW MM £m~r Ommaf EmmJ «*w^ ing among others i ta. 6. H. Gilbert. Orrin John-
BY R C. CARTON. * on . w - H - Ihomp'on, Lawrance D'Orsay, Osarlei
-' — W. Butler and Eiehard Bennatt.
C<ptember 2— ANNIE RUSSELL, In ¦
"A ROYAL FAMILY." 3 1 AT BALE BEGINS THURSDAY MORNINg.
MATINEE TO-DAT— LAST NIGHT OF
BROTHER OFFICERS
Commencing TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN-
ING.
Farewell Week of ¦¦ ¦
DANIEL. FRAWLEY AND COMPANY,
Presenting
Lord and Lady ASgy.
A Comedy In Three Acts by R. C. Carton.
PRICES-lOc. 15c, 25c, 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Coming JOSEPH HAWORTH
oLVh hat r if>AT
To-night, SILVER-MOUNTED HARNESS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
The World's Most Wonderful Love Story.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
And WHITE WHITTLESEY In
Romeo and Juliet.
Superbly Mounted. Elegant Costumes. Pow-
erful Cast. /¦
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
BC^SCOAmoTHAJLCS^jii^BT
*^ attSTl CITY MAkl
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance. ",
Bclasco and De Mllle's Powerful Drama,
MEN AND WOMEN.
PDIfPS Evenings 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c, BOo
ruiWCJ Matinees........ .....10c, 16c, 25c
TO-MORROW EVG.— Magnificent Revival on
a Colossal Scale 'of the Great Drama, THE '
TWOORPflANS.
In preparation— "A Voice from the ¦Wilderness.
OLYMflA '.SSLOU.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY. ; . •
THE GAGNOUX,
Celebrated European Jugrglera. .
IZA MILLER,
' • Comedienne.
MEMPHIS~ r KENNEDY,
. , Musical Comedians -
Annie Morris,
. - ' i Coon Shouter. ¦".-¦¦
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.-
SUTRO BATHS.
. OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a.- m. to" U p. ra. -;0.
: _- ¦..!¦¦ Bathins from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p.m.*. ' ¦
ADMISSION, 10c CHILDREN, 6c. ;
Bathing, Including admlsiscn, 25c Children. 20c.
-- .> ¦• ¦ 1 - ¦ - - '.. :- ¦ 1 •¦
BBBEBEHBBBBOBQBBBBlBBBBBBaiaBHBHBBHBBHBaHHBDQ
a • ¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦;¦ ; ; . ¦.. N : m
a > # w * H
S . .¦ "' ' ". -.¦¦•-.: D
B ¦ ' - - . ¦ ' ¦ • • • - ¦ ' ' ' •- • ' • H
B . ¦.•-¦— H
b ¦¦ . . • a
H ...AT THE... ' 5
H . • :• ¦ ¦¦¦¦..¦ .; ¦ .¦ ¦ . , B
B ¦ ' - . • ¦ ' " ' ¦ ' ' ' ' ; . / . H
I GLOAK and SUIT HOUSE I
H ¦- B
H ¦¦..-. . . . ¦¦ ' V •- . B
| Monday August 25, 1901, g
SB '..'¦' ¦¦¦¦¦:'¦ ¦ - "•¦¦¦¦- ' ¦
B We shall place on sale 75.000 dollars' worth of entirely new, exquisite and ¦
§ confined style GARMENTS, that cannot be seen anywhere else, and g
B even thus early in the season at PRICES which will simply astonish a
[I and satisfy -every one who may be pleased to inspect. H
5 TAILOR SUITS, in elejrant and exclusive styles, artistic tailoring, at ¦
§ 3I0.OO, $20.O0, $22.oO, $25.OO f . $30.00, $35.O0. g.
6 RAGLANS, elaborately trimmed, perfect models, at ?15.OO, $20.00, M
I $25.00, $30.00 and $35.00. g
n JACKETS and ATJTO BOX COATS, the correct styles at 'correct prices, g
¦ at $7.5O, $9.OO, $1O.OO. $12.50, $15.00 and $20.00. b
¦ FURS— FUR' CAPES. FUR JACKETS, FUR COLLARETTES and g
I FUR BOAS at LOWEST MARKET PRICES. |
H Particular attention is called to our large- and elegant assortment of g
§ 'MISSES' and CHILDREN'S RAGLANS. AUTOMOBILES and. g
I BOX COATS at POPULAR PRICES, $2.75 to $2o.00. g
m NOVELTY SILK DRESS SKIRTS, rich and exclusive, $10.00 to H
H $40.00. g
§ OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS. Black, Natural and Gray, 1 Va, iy 2 , 2, B
El 2j4i 2*/ 2 yards long. $7.5O to $40.00. . H
g THE PUBLIC MOST CORDIALLY INVITED. , _ g
I — — ,S
I Golden Gate Cloak " and " Suit House,' |
I 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET ST. ]
BBBBBBBBEBBBHHBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
: _ s -~._ _V _-¦ :-_¦_¦ j r> j .;>•;_ _.'__'__ ..-:... -.'_>; AMUSEMENTS. _ ' ._ _ _ __¦
THS BIG SHOW COMES TO-DAY I _ f THE r CIRCUS SEASON OPENS T0-MQRR0WI
viSk CAPITAL, $3,700,000. .'¦ DAILY EXPENSE, $7,400.
THE BIG ONE AMD WHY iBk T HE ON LY
60 AERIALISTS 'tistt&Sr. JJJ • . KNOWN TO
High-Wire Oymnast.. tho CHANCE ' ' jSSBmS^mSSS^S^^^ IMlUIfll IU
HOL.LOWAY TRIO. !. ** Ji^nKPik .1. i-nr
These Marvelous Performers are paid $500 • TQ ." .' mBaSSm^^^SemS^XlS^^ FXlST IN THE
Week. No other Show paya »lOO •» 1 f&W^^^k t '* IW ¦ Bil llla "
60 JCjWflTS A W^.; g ENTIRE WORLD.
pany of Horsemen and Horsewomen Ever WflfiN PwPl "^iHnDlliHi "" -
?n r tt1 c ; and lotroducinz Ior the Flrst Tlme HE B mt ?Mif^ WAS THE
MISS AMELIA FEELEY, " k B mSWB fSP^BL ««.«^ ..^ «««^
The Oreatest Lady Rider the World has Bver MWfl |g|3 **£$ WKR \w*l9&8i PRICE HE COS I
Produced. No other Show has ¦ Feature to UU11&) TmJ WXB WBm ' nlUt IIU UUW1
compare with this Superb Equestrienne. _„. . . .« ysW J f <y& yjll TfiffllP^
on cicdu«mt« twentyin I nea u ct flUMA " ML S^ i^Sa Sr%^P NOT A MILL10H,
CU tLtrWflR 1 5 Appearing Together -,»-. /^| &£& |g^ WB W&, .... . ,,„„„,,
"S^o^phant.! WILL W ygW W TIMES A M1LL10H
No Other 5how has m Third ma Many. WPVEHi tW V^ MM Wi COULD BUY
Eflft UflSCCC Utilized In the drandest ¦'¦'¦" I'M V«/sF VM RUHTUCD
OUU MUnOtO oi All Equlno Displays, ««« |M wM l^l ANOTHcRi
O'BRIENS 61-HORSE ACT, AWHTBP8 tM \ffl El UC IC
A Colossal Introductory Spectacle, "ROMS IN ftilWlufift /{ffl JtvR _jE3ss!???f= = = =: -'Hr\ "*" ¦**
THE YEAR ONE," a Grand Triple Ring Circus tfa MttBL _ rt^P?a^ c^- g^Hnl <riiv> I |AV
and a Tremendous Revival of the Sporti and Jj/fl £M\&eiggg!mr$&£ _ .g Tll£ LAb 1 |
BIu KEW street rAK ADE W^^^^^^^ only
MONDAY MORNING AT IP. O'CLOCK. ' .
ONE 50c TICKET ADMITS TO EVERYTHING. I TWO COMPLETE EXHIBITIONS DAILY.
Children, under 12 Years, Half Price. At 2 and 8 P. M. Doors Open One Honr EarHcr.
SPECIAL POPULAR CHEAP EXCURSIONS ON ALL RAILROADS. t
1 " WTTTi H1VHTRTT AT
SAN FRANCISCO, Z?!%bS&S8&!!?. MONDAY, AUG. 26
EXHIBITION GROUNDS, FOLSOM AND SIXTEENTH STREETS.
rv^— =, -R-cerved numbered seats" and admissions during the entire engagement at Sherman, 'Clay & Co.'s music warerooms,
}fc?& corner Kearny and Sutter.streets. Unlike other shows, prices at downtown office are exactly the same as charged
at regular ticket wagons on show, grounds. . ¦ . . .-
T\ A Ta k lf\T* FlirKFTTPf^ Starting from- Show Grounds at g o clock to Howard, to Second, to Mar-
¦ AKAIfP Kiill IE* k?t> t0 Moiit S onier y' t0 California, to Kearny, to Market, to Valencia, to Six-
£ rallfli/JU Itt. V 1J •"• • , teenth, to Folsom, and thence to grounds. '
Weefc Commeoclng Tli's' Anenoon, . Aug. 25/
30 Vaudeville Celebrities
NOVELTIES TO BURN !
The World-Renowned Grand Opera Star,
LUCILLE SAUNOERS
' A Dramatic Contralto of the First Rank.
THE ILLUSIONIST AND MAGICIAN. •
THE GREAT POWELL
* And His Excellent Company.
CRAGGlAMILY
Eight of the World's Greatest Acrobats. •
richaTjose
America's Foremost Contra Tenor.
thefSotts
In Their Comicality, "The Smart Set." ;
The Great LEFBBRE'S
SAXOPHONLQUARTET
REMARC and RILAY
Black Art Grotesques. Last "Week.
THE BiOGRAPH
Bhowlns Demolition of Hhe Star Theater, ta a
/ Minute and a Half.
FAIRWELL OF LOUISE THORNDTKB
BOUGIGAULT
America's Noted Dramatic Star. In "A Prop«r
. ,¦ ImsroDriety. -.. »
Parauet, 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10
cents: Children. 10 cents, any part. except re-
rerved A few front . Orchestra rows reserved.
60 cents: front rows of Balcony, reserved. 25
centa. ¦ -' ¦. ' '
STARTING TO-NIGHT
WITH * * rrf- 1^* v -*- m *
MR. JAMBS AND THE
/f L/iflr^L/ COMPANY.
. Presenting the Beautiful Comedy. " \
"ROSEMARY."
Evening".'. ....••.••••••••••••• 23c ." S 50 ' 50c,",75c, |1.00
Saturday Matinee... ....:."..¦'.. .....:. 25c. .-60c.' 75c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAYS.
• — — 25c and - 50c— 1 -.--* . .'¦•:,¦¦.¦ •''
. NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT!
V. "AN IDEAL HUSBAND!" ¦ >
i — •¦ - SEATS THURSDAY. ¦ 4
T?TCrin7P»Q CONCERT' HOUSE.
i?lOtilr.n D Admission 10c.
The Paloma Quartet. , Marietta' Worth -and
Co., Joe Edmunds, , Fannie Raymond, , Camel la
and* Amelita, .P. • A."- Dunsworth, Coleman and
Mexisand Hinrlchs* Orchestra.,,
Reserved : Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday. ,
EVENINGS AT 8' SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
"THE GREATEST SEASON EVER KNOWN"
OF .
GRAND OPERA
" . ' Under the Musical Direction of
MR. PAUL STEINDORFF.
TO-NIGHT..JIEFISTOFELE
WEEK OF AU6UST 26,
TWO FAMOUS OPERAS.
*— — : ¦ ¦ ¦ T— *.
'Monday. "Wednesday," Friday and Saturday,
By Universal Request, Verdi's '
"With the Same Splendid Cast as Before.
Tuesday. Thursday, Sunday Nights, and Satur-
i. £ ; .; j • ¦ day Matinee; ¦ : '_ ; v,
-Second Week of Boito's Great Classical
. :¦ v ¦; Opera,
Mpfktflfplp
IfiOiiDiUIDID
!f __ ! \ ¥
The Finest Production of Grand
Opera Ever Seen at This House. |
'k ' ' . — —ZZT" "*
POPULAR PRICES 2Sc, BOc and 7Sc
. Telephona Bush 9.
i Oair.y Contests. .
"¦ '"*^lS\o^ Rates ?oiL v/cT^'
r^ G&r Pied Free °v
for . Part i e iil a ps !Wpi te
.> ,: «5ECTY. , PRB4I0CWT.- .
Weekly Call, $1 pec Year
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS.T. GRACE, Sfipper
TO-DAY,
Sunday - - - August 25.
CHAMPIONS
. , ...AND...
STAKE WINNERS
...TO MEET IN«.
Class and Reserve Stakes
104— NOMINATIONS— 104
$1000 T0 ]K? ZE $1000
TRATM SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend street* 10:15 a.
ta., 11 a. m., 13 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets five minutes later. Re-
turning at 4:43 p. m. and after the last course.
San Mateo electric cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25cT~LADIES FREE.
CHUTES/ND ZOO
- EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
INCLUDING
Hayes Brothers, Ed Beynard, Mile.
Jeanette, Claire Tex, The Gag-
nouxs, Irving Jones, New Moving
Pictures.
NfcXT THUBSDAY NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELS,
-¦Telephone for -Seats Park 23.
FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP
KID CASTER ys. GEORGE GARDNER
KID McFADDEN VS.-T03I HERMAN.
• " ™^"^^~ld ii-CJ U *S X)h3 •^™ —^^
FBIDAT EVENING. August 30.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
PALACE
These hotels possess
AND tI)e attributes that tour-
ists and travelers ap-
CPATJTl predate— central loca-
vtfv*^w t i on# liberal manare-
HAT ct o ment. modern appolnt-
nUil-Lj, * menta and perfect cui-
sine. ' .
San American and Euro-
*^^ . pean plans.
Francisco.
DDTTC LJ C Q FOB BARBERS. BAK-
t5r\LI OXJ.1LO ers . bootblacks, bath-
*^***^ houses. bllUard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, oanner*.
dyers, flonrmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. oCe.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 60S Sacramento StTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST. S5 V 1901.
28
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Can. corn— of Market and Third etreets; open
until li o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IT7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until J:30 p. m.
C2S McAllister Etreet: epen until 9:M P. m.
US Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
3M1 Mlwlon etreet: open until 10 p. m .
trci Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntil 9 p. m. '
! lOo Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
109* Valencia etreet: open until 9 P. m.
Northv»<*st corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ctreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Finmora street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING IVOTICES— -Contlnned.
GRAND entertainment and dance, x CJT *«,
Clan Fraier No. 78. O. S. C. Scot- 3^ QwJ
• tlsh Hall. 107 Larkin st. MONDAY >Kk3_?c
EVENING, September 8, 190L Ad- ~»- t *«*
dress, "The Scotchman, Hon. 8. M. Short-
ridge. Admission 25c.
J ALEX KING. Secretary pro tem.
PICNIC of Pacific Lodge No. 134, I. O. a B..
takes place at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael,
on SUNDAY. August 25. 200 gate priies; also
prizes for races and cakewalks. • '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A DO FTI O X. > __^
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth et. Alamcda. -
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
FOR sale — At invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS & CO., Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches, one' at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or eacn store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
&¦ CO., Santa Rosa. ' . .
A GOOD Inside route on this paper for sale;
fine downtown location. Call at this office
for particulars. • • . \ ¦ '
$460; RESTAURANT and oyster house; must
sell; going East; central. Box 4868, Call.
6NAP— Restaurant; water front; new .range;
running order; rent $15 mo. 8 Washington et.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings tor sale.
Address S. F. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements' and
;¦¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦": ¦ ¦' •->-.. .-¦.<¦ : ¦> .- ¦..-¦¦ ¦ .-. ¦ -7* ...,-.
f T,\TTtV O V \ VHTS Conttnnyfl. * *¦
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
. ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain .years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were It not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble. of
any kind, discontented," unhappy or not. satis-
fled in life, consult ISMAR, for • ehe is a
¦prophetess of . world-wide fame an8 her name
has . become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can
be'consulted daily from 10 a. m. ,to 5 p. -m .,
Sundays by appointment only, at her office, 114S
Market st. ¦ opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tions answered. $1. Full life reading, $5. See
my large ad on page 22. '
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT^ pgTCHIST .
Tfce most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
EMPLOYMENTS WANTED— FEMALE."
WAITRESS and i chambermaid desire - places ;
. city or country. MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter.
A TRUSTWORTHY American woman desires
• light housework with aduft family; wages $10
to $12. Address H. BRANCH, 106 Eleventh.
DRESSMAKER with the best of references;
engagements by the day; fancy and remodel-
ing; work taken home. 10 Metcalf place,
near Mason, off Geary. ¦ ' ¦'
A WOMAN wishes work by day. MRS. GEE,
134 -Erie st. . -,¦¦-, ¦
DRESSMAKER wishes work home; ladies' and
children's dresses made reasonable. Address
Dressmaker, 301. Franklin st. .
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. '952 Mission St., room 10. - ¦
FLATS TO EET— FURNISHED.
$17 60— FURNISHED 6-room house; new build-
ing, modern" plumbing, bath, gas, newly fur-
nished;- $400 upright piano: .Octavia- and
Geary sts.- "Apply 142, Crocker building.
DESIRABLE furnished flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 2413 Clay st. near Flllmore. , . -
FURNISHED flat of .5 rooms and bath. r 1424
Grove st.. near Park.
GEARY, 1410— Sunny furnished flat, 7 rooms.
Call between 1 and 4 p. m. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517— Parlor floor of 4
rooms: piano, bath.-garden: nice heme: $25.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED MALE Com.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY (Sunday) S A. M.
....SPECIAL— SHIP R. R. MEN TO-DAY....
FREE FARE FREE
50 men for steel, track and ballast gangs,
right of way and axmen Ukiah, free fare
UKIAH
CAL. N. W. RY
SANTA FE R. R
UKIAH
50 teamsters Ukiah, ...Free Fare
50 laborers Ukiah Free Faro
50 men to work on Santa Fee system, Stock-
ton and Fresno Dist.. $175 to $2 25 day
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare
FRUIT PICKERS
10 men and strong beys to pick and work in
fruits. Contra. Costa Co $30 and found
10, men for general work in fruit, large or-
chard, north $30 and found
CHURCH SERVICES.
A— CHURCH."" of St. Mary the Virgin (Episco-
pal), corner Steiner and Union ets.— Iinion-
Pt. cars pa«=s the door: high ma*s at 11 a. m.;
mafsets of tha masters, arranged for St. Mary
the Virgin, with organ and wind Instrument
accon-ranlment; solemn vespers of the Virgin
Mary at 4 in the afternoon; "Ave Maria,
"Grerorians," "O Salutaris" and "Tantum
Ergo." arranged for St. Mary the Virgin;
John Huraden Pratt, F. O. M.. director of
the choir; mass said daily at 7:30 a. m.; ves-
pers dally at 5 p. ro.
TKINITT Church, corner Bush and Gough Ets.
—Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector;
Holy Communion. 7:30 a. m. and 11 a. m.:
morning sen-ice at 11 o'clock; evening prayer
at 4 o'clock; Friday sen-ice at 11 a. m. for
army and navy. The rector will preach.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin ets.— Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns. minister emeri-
tus; the Sunday-school is at 10 o'clock; the-
memirg service is at 11 o'clock: Rev. Mr.
Leavitt will »reach: subject. "The Four-
teenth Chapter of St. John"; augmented
chcir; all are cordially invited; there is no
e>«cninc service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor^ Capp anJ
Twentieth sts.— Itev. E. F. Dinsmore. minis-
ter;. Sunday-school at 9:45 o'clock: at 11
o'clock the minister will preach on "Burden-
rtiaring." There will be no evening service.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mascn pts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor: Rev. W. M. Klncaid, D.D.. of Hono-
iulu. H. I., will preach at It a. m. and 7:15
l>. rr.. All ere cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational, Fifteenth st, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader. pastor: 11 a.
m.. eermon by Rev. J. A. Cruzan of Hilo,
H. I.- 7:45 p. m.. Mr. Rader will preach on
'¦The Salt of the Earth."
CALVARY Presbyterian Church: services in
St. John's Church, corner California and Oc-
tavia sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D., pas-
tor: Rev. George C. Eldredge. associate pas-
ter elect: Dr. Hemphill will preach at 11
a. m.; tooic, "The Spirit of the -World, or
the Spirit of God— Which?"; Mr. Eldredge
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money. Our
new. Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State In the Union, every country In world.
Also 1900 census complete. Over 400 pages of
maps and descriptive matter. Sells at sight.
Send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago, 111.
AGENTS — Send for free illustrated catalogue
of portraits and frames, 16x20: crayons, 45c:
guaranteed perfect. FRANK W. WILLIAMS
& CO.. 253 Klnzle st. Chicago, 111.
AGENTS make. $200 per month selling our nov-
elty machines: -on application will tend cut
and prices. Foote Mfg Co., Los Ange'.es. Cal.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to soil than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
IN every place to sell stock in Alaska gold
mine; good pay. Newton & Harter. 759 Mkt.
ASPHALTUM HOOKING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;divorces prlvate;bankruptcy; col-
lections attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees lcw;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt., r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market.cor. Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS, 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, genera! practice: mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. •
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • •
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ATTENTION, BUYERS !
YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
- — ! — ON OUR LIST
And pay for it In monthly payments from the
profits of the house.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
6 rooms on Van Ness: modern............... $400
8 rooms to exchange; large house 525
40 rooms on Third 1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, bal. payments 1250
E0 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
7 rooms on Geary 200
48 rooms; transient; fine location 2500
?1 rooms; transient; on Post 1000
17 rooms on Market; central. 1050
21 rooms on Eddy; respectable 1200
15 rooms on Post; housekeeping 1000
8 rooms on Ellis; clears $35... .'...; 650
26 rooms in Mission «. 200
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms; rent $125 2350
10 rooms; only -. 400
17 rooms; $300 cash, balance payments 1100
14 rooms 650
A. H. RESTLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
L. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
65 r.; rent $350; with restaurant $3000
60 r. ; rent $200; elegant family hotel 6000
27 r. ; rent $140; good fur., carpets 2200
25 r. ; rent $140; nice fur., carps., ofs., r.. 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
22 r. ; rent $100; mahogany and oak fur... 1500
20 r. ; rent '$80: hardwood fur., housekpg. 1100
17 r. ; rent $65; oak fur.; perm., trans.... 900
14 r. ; rent $40; brus, carp., oak fur...... 1000
10 r.: rent $52 50; hardwd fur., brus. carp. 750
6 r. ; rent $35; modern flat, new fur 450
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
100 ROOMING houses, from 2 to 500 rooms.
14 rooms; on Market et $300
10 rooms; north of Market 6t 450
he (succeeds - when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE."
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck: honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
CLAIRVOTANT. card reader, from Louisiana,
¦ only 10c. 262 Minna st., near Fourth. :
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst. 148
Sixth. St.. room 23. . 1 __ -
CARPET BEATING AND , CLEANING.
WH^N^wT^ec^mT^lsgiasteirwTth-poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st,; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c; laying, 3c: renovating, 5c up;
.work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511^ Market St.; phone Mint 109o.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. : tel. South 2oO.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. •
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, werts: pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Butter.
PROF.Straosburg-er fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. : Chronicle big., rm.. 78.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS. _^
itrjiaiAtiLit: woman wisnes worK Dy me uu.y
jj washing and housecleanicg. 16 Ash ave. •.
YOUNG girl, speaking French, as lady's maid
or children's nurse In first-class family. Ad-
dress or call. . 986 Filbert st. ' '¦
WANTED— By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper In hotel, first-class
lodging-house or private home: will assist
with sewing or take charge of 'doctor's of-
fice or gentlemen's club. Box 4S74, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the ; day
washing, ironing, 1 - sweeping or dressmaking.
Call or address 148 Sixth St., room 22. •
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes to do
light housework; competent cook; city or
country. 136 Fifth st, between Howard and
Mission. v . i
A WOMAN of domestic habits wants house-
keeper's position for aged couple. Call or
address for one week, MRS. JONES, 457
Nineteenth st., Oakland. . ''
AN experienced nurse wishes to make engage-
ments, surgical or confinements; terms rea-
sonable; reference given. Call or address
Ladies' Nurse, 127 Seventh st. —
A WOMAN wishes position to do work by the
day; washing and house-cleaning; wages $100.
920 Jackson st. ¦ '
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments at $1 50 a day; ref. Box 5000. Call.
ELDERLY lady would like a position to assist
in light housework; more for home than
wages. 29 Eddy St.. first floor. ¦
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing or housecleanlng. Address Laun-
dress, Call branch. 300 Hayes st. •
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes dining-
room work or chamber work, with plain sew-
ing. Address Residence. Institute for the
Deaf, Dwight way and Warring st, Berke-
ley; present situation.
YOUNG lady would do light housework or
sewing as compensation for room and board.
Box 2301, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED by a lady— Position as housekeeper
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.". 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golde'n Gate
ave.: tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A L. Etorrs. 130 Golden Gate ave.: te'l. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
BEFORE selling your furlnture. see Abram's
Auction House. 1105 Mission. Tet Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 113a Market
A WOLLPERT 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red. 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
• HELP WANTED — FEMAliB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, Arizona, free fare $25
Waitress, springs, steady place $20
Waitress. Petaluma '..$20
Waitress, Colusa, . fare paid $20
Waitress, Walnut Creek $20
Waitress. Institution, found and washing.. $25
2 waitresses, San Jose, restaurant $25
Walter and waitress, San Jose $60
Waitress, Napa $20
Chambermaid to wait, Woodland.?. $25
Chambermaids, city $17 C0-$20
Pantry girls, hotel $-0
Laundress, country hotel $23
10 waitresses, city $29
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second, 2 sisters, 2 friends, new
house. San Jose, 5th September, choice place,
$35-$25; -women with children. $15; working
housekeeper, plain place, country, fare paid,
$15; lady's maid and assist light upstairs
work, $25; houseglrl, Bu'tte County, $20, fare
paid; housegirl, . mining town, $25, fare paid;
MINERS— FIREMEN
3 single hand miners, north $75
2 single hand miners, new mine, $4 fare. $55
and found; 2 furnace men. married or single.
$65 and house; 2 furnace men for another
J^e $73
* '^borers for a mine, no experience required.
,« i 1° mucke « $60 and found
lu laborers for a large gold mining company,
all surface work. $40 to $4S and found, no ex-
perience necessary
1' firemen for a mine, $55 and found; 5 labor-
ers : no experience, to work in brick yard. $30
and found, 60c fare; 10 laborers, near city. $3
day and found, free fare; 5 laborers, city
work, no experience required, no strike. $60-
10 shovelers. city, steady work $2 day
MISCELLANEOUS.
*^fi C . a K D . ent . e , r9 ' ""^a. J35 to $40 and f d. :
wheelwright, $2 oO day; carriage painter
.country shop, $3 day; man to drive street
£-*' tunn l. lmen ' north - »°: 50 laborers
and drillers, Shasta and Trinity counties- 10
teamsters, Amador Co.. $2 and $2 25 day- 5
teamsters, new levee work. $32 50 and fd i 5
woodchoppers for. a mining company. $1 75
cord; married choreman, no objection to chil-
dren. $o250; man and wife, small orchard
Sant « C1 » ra Co - J40: r Quartermasters. $50
and fd.: 3 stablemen. $50 and $20 and fd -2
hostlers, country, $30 and fd "
FARMS-HARVEST CREWS. ETC.
JiV* » and orcB ard hands. $26 and $30
and fd. ; 2 teamsters, same ranch, $32 50 and
fd. ; 4 2-horse teamsters, hop ranch, $1 25 day
and bd.: 2 sack sewers, $3 day and fd • 2
teamsters, haul grain. $40 a:id fd • S hay
balers, hay pressers, feeders and forkers; 15
milkers and dairy men: sheep herder
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS.
Steward for a clubhouse, $40 and fd. far*
paid; second cook, mine boarding-house, $40
and Id., fare paid; cook, plain hotel, Ala-
meda Co.. $43 and fd.: 3 waiters, same coun-
try hotel. $35 and fd. ; cook, 5 men. ranch.
$30 and fd. ; sausagemaker. $35 and fd. ; 3
camp waiters, second cook and dishwasher
logging camp, $50 and $30 and fd.; night
watchman; 3 bakers, 7 cooks, kitchen help,
etc.
Stenographer and assist on books, country
dry goods store. MURRAY ft READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
will preach at 7:45 p. m. : topic. "Only Two
Kinds of Men"; Sunday-school after morn-
ing service: Christian Endeavor Society, 6:30
p. m.; prayer-meeting Wednesday evening, 8
o'clock.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St.. nea- Sixth— Dr. S. D. Hutsinplller
will rreaeh p.t 7:45 o'clock on the tonic, "A
Very Comprehensive Religion"; at 11 o'clock
Rev. John Stephens of Simpson Memorial
Church will preach. Rev. Frank Jackson
assisting in the service. Professor Lucy con-
duets the mueic and the people are welcome.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett st,
near Twenty-third— Preacher, Rev. J. George
Gibson; morning service, 11. "A Chosen Ves-
f<?1"; barytone solo by the pastor, "Only to
Know" <i?ankey); evening service, 7:45,
"Christ's Helping Hand"; barytone 60I0,
"Abide With Me" (McGranahan).
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kearny St. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson a".
11 a. m. ; subject "Christ Jesus": Sunday-
school for children at the came hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, 206 Kearcy St.. room S10.
All are welcome.
THE First Mental Science Temple of San
Francisco holds its regular public meeting
every Sunday morning at 11 o'clock In Golden
Gate Hall. 625 Sutter Et. ; new thought sub-
jects considered ; this morning Dr. J. M.
Case, the new thought evangelist will lec-
ture en "Confidence." Seats free; collection.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ Druid
Temcle. Folsom and Fourteenth sts. — Sunday-
Fchcol, 9:45 a. in. : preaching, 11 a. m., by
J. W. Gilbert, missionary to Tahiti; 7:45 p.
m.. by President Jcs?ph Smith; all Invited.
This church was organized by command of
God to teach the world the restored gospel
of the Eon of God as "sign" of the reign of
peace.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge of Theosophy— Free pub-
lic lectures every Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood
buildinff. $f>9 Market ft.; subject to-night.
"The Consciousness of Matter," by Mr. Will
C Bailer: Bible class Sundays, 10:30 a. m.,
conducted by Miss Walsh; study classes in
ThecEophy Thursdays, 2:30 p. m.. by Mrs. A.
M. Best. Public cordially invited.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture In
Odd Fellows' building to-night, at 8 o'clock;
subject. "The Primitive Man."
BOOKS NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
UOAHDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY having nice roomy home desires small
child to care for: reasonable: all comforts.
Box £299. Call office. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, mostly for company;
good home and best of care; large sunny yard.
431 Jersey st, near Twenty-fourth and Castro.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up: sunny yard. 1607 California.
GOOD home for children; near school; $8 up.
2127 Prince St.. Berkeley.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory, 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $25C0 will buy an interest in the greatest In-
vention of this century; the Solar Stove, or
cooking, by heat of the sun; heat, and plenty
of it, without fuel of any kind; do you real-
ize what this means? If eo, investigate it at
once; I have invented a "stove" or cooking
apparatus that will cook half a dozen kinds
of food at the same time, without any fuel,
utilizing the heat from the sun only; it can
be placed on top of the house and, working
jj automatically, the heat is carried through
pipes down to the kitchen, basement or
wherever you want it; no smoke, no dirt, no
ashes, and no sweltering over an old-fash-
ioned stove during the hot summer months:
plenty of heat all day long fram an hour
after sunrise until an hour before sunset; hot
water always ready, if you want it; capacity
of "stove" can be increased until it develops
enough heat to run a 10 or 15 horse-power en-
gine, and by putting in a number of "stoves"
enough heat can be developed to run the
largest engines; can also b* used for heating
purposes in winter.
It will cost me about $10,000 to take' out
patents in all the 90 or more countries that
issue them, and 1 am about $5000 short of
that amount, and in order to raise the money
at once will sell a half-interest in all my
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 423
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 650
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 525
16 rooms; offices; clears $80 1400
14 rooms: $100 cash, balance payments 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
. 18 rooms; on Sixth st.;. clears $80 900
24 rooms; on Market; clears $150 1000
15 rooms; corner; just like home.... 1500
10 rooms; on Mason st. : new >750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 85C0
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
24 rooms: corner; rent $55; payments. .,.$1325
28 rooms; north of Market; rent $75 1500
20 rooms; good paying house 1500
19 rooms; rent $50; reduced to 750
50 rooms; rent $90; see this 2000
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st
32 rooms; rent $45; reduced to $1250
27 rooms; corner; rent $75 1500
123 rooms; a money-maker; see it
65 rooms; modern; just listed.
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis: cloEe In.
$5000— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100^ — 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
$650— 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500 — 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loa^i money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
ATTENTION. BUYERS! '
Tou may buy any rooming-house la
the city and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vscant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Near Call bldg. : telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Samples from big free list at my office:
14 r.; rent $40; $150 cash, bal. monthly... $450
20 r.; 3 blocks n. of Market St.: rent $80
income $198; good furniture; fine carp.. 1500
44 r.; Al; rent $120; clears $150 month... 3000
FISHER & CO.. 93S Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000! 37 R $55001 24 R $1500
60 R 3,0001 37 R 18001 19 R 1400
30 R 1,0001 16 R K50| 12 R 450
10 R 300! 9 R 3001 6 R 300
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural ¦ and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $13;
.gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
¦ without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60. up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.-m.- to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns. $3 50; fillings.
BOc; plates. $5; full 6et; all work painless and
•warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist:
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH,815% Geary.nr.Larkln*— Pain-
less axtractlon BOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
-Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DERM ATOLOGI STS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-?24. Ran Francisco: tel. South 3SL
in a lodging house or Hotel ; Dest 01 refer-
ence; familiar with managing servants; city
or country. Box 4973. Call office.
BY a lady— Position as companion to Invalid
(lady or gentleman), or housekeeper wher<
help is kept: best references; city or coun-
try. Box 4975. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third' st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ~_^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -MALE.
EXPERIENCED German grocery man wants
position as clerk or driver. Address Box
4995. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman wants work as
handy man; can drive and milk. THOS.
PARNELL. 793 Mission st
ARCHITECTURAL and mechanical engineer
and draughtsman desires good steady employ-
ment with responsible firm; at home in tran-
sit work, detail drawings, estimating, etc.;
handles men easily; superintends building
operations: specialist on concrete work; speaks
several languages; will go anywhere. A. M.
E.. box 4932, Call of flee.
WANTED— By a first-class driver and horse-
man, a place to do any kind of driving: well
posted with business streets; 8 years in last
place. Call 1239 Market St., room 14, C. A, T.
CHICKEN man, wide experience, most suc-
cessful, open for engagement Address box
4976, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber will work by
the day or week for property owner or es-
tate; has all necessary shop tools; reference
as to ability and integrity. Box 4978, Call.
YOUNG man, 24, knowing several languages,
correspond, etc., much experienced, want3
situation private secretary; willing be useful
any way; modeet terms. Box 4379, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants a position as
gardener on private place; also understands,
care of horses, cows and chiekens; references.
Box 4950. Call office.
SOBER. Industrious middle-aged man wants
nouseKeeper, email rooming nouse, country,
$15; cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls,
etc., highest wages paid; call and investigate.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A THOROUGH chambermaid, about 30 years of
age, one who has first-class references from
private families, to take charge of 12 rooms,
gentlemen's club, country, $25-$30.
C. R HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
HARBRIDGE & CO 323 Kearny St.
German girl, second work, small family. $20;
girl, assist in housework, $15; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, $20 and $25; girl to
assist in family of 2, city, $15; girl to assist
family of 3, short distance country, $15, and
other good places. Open Sunday from 1 to
3 o'clock.
A— TWO waitresses for first-class hotel, city;
$25 and room. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st.
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed; 5 ladies and
3 gentlemen; theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tory and Acting, Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
plain cooking; 2 in family; wages $15. Apply
Monday after 9 at 4150 Twentieth, nr. Castro.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear: steady work; best pay. L.
SAMTER & SON, 513 Market st.
WANTED— Ladles to work for us; good pay;
sample free. Zeno Co., P. O. Drawer 1640,
Milwaukee. WIs.
AA— SEWERS to take work home. 636 Mis-
sion st, fourth floor.
AA — 50 GIRLS to learn to be operators on la-
dles' underwear. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; Call Monday. 2003 Califorrla st.
WANTED— Experienced girls to work In pickle
factory. LEWIS PACKING CO.. 625 Front St.
BRIGHT girls to work oh gloves; references.
Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st
APPRENTICES and table hands wanted. Ap-
ply shoe factory, 103 Mission st. . _. ..
WANTED— A young girl for housework; wages
$15. 710 Hyde st.
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
SPECIAL.
To-Day, Sunday
To- Day. Sunday
Office open all day
At C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
Free Fare Free Fare
Fee- 50c Fee BOc
For Uklah
For Ukiah
For Uklah
Wanted — A carload of...
Teamsters $3 a day
Laborers .$2 a day
Fee 50c
Fee 50c
Free Fare Free Faro
Office open to-day, Sunday
C. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'s, 323 Kearny st
. Hop pickers; free camping ground: wood and
water; good pay and long season: call and
register at once if you wish to go
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment 927 Market st. room 207.
. I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS' CERTOTCATES— Adeline Cope-
land, notary public, will Issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 23.
Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
dally during the absence of the State Board
of Barber Examiners.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building.
CIVIL service Government positions— 9500 ap-
pointments made" last year; probably 10.000
thia year; common school education required
for the examination; catalogue of Information
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Young man about 20 years of ag»
MEETINGS — SUXDAY.
CHAS. BROCKTVAT'S crand test seance to-
night. One hour with Mr. Brockway and
coming within the influence of his magic
gifts is like rubbing the Aladdin's lamp, for
lo. the wonderful genii with whom he can
be likened in miraculous power appears as
It were in his person and does your bidding
and tells what must be done to win fame,
fortune and happiness, and if life's affairs
show any matter upon which you require in-
fallible advice and prophetic vision, come
to-night that he may turn the searchlight of
his great gifts upon you and point out the
true way. Every one will receive a commu-
nication, full names and questions answered
or money refunded; admission 25c. Seances
Bun.. Tues.. Thurs.. 8 p. m. 299 Hyde St.. cor.
Eddy. '-Salisbury." Private readings daily.
COME & eee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Bun., Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c: you can speak
to epint friends face to face, recognize them;
give name*; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1084 Bush st: tel. 2275 Larkin st
GRAND test meeting. SD3 Market, rear hall; 11.
free: 2. f. Me; Mr. Swan, Mme. Maxwell,
Wren n. Hotter. Stoddard, Harrison. Lad,
Flnnican. McKw, inspirational singer.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists. Occidental
Hall. 303 Larkin, Sunday. August 25. at 7:30
p. m. Speaker. R. S. Lillie: subject. "The
New Thought Era." Admission free.
SPIRITUAL test meeting, 2 p. m.. Occidental
Hall. 225 Larkin Bt.: G. F. Perkins, indorsed
by National Spiritual Association, will give
tests. ¦ - .
A— I. F. T. BIBLE. S. 6. and church. 909 Mar-
ket Bt.: 11. free; 2-8, 10c; Seely. Wilson, Nil-
eon and others; officers' meeting, 4 p. m.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. €05 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics;
developing circle to-morrow night, 25c.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting.
2250 Twenty-second et, between Mission and
Valencia. 8 p. m. ; 10c.
VAN AtTKEN. free character reading and
palmistry lecture; free readings, S this even-
Ing. 423 Ellis St.
MRS. STODDARD. convincing test to all cir-
cles 10c. Sunday, Tuesday; readings dally.
27S Ninth Et. .
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay: circle to-
night and Wednesday. S; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
EGYPTIAN moustafa materializing seance, 2
p. m.. 50c. 1610 Bush. nr. Franklin; no sign.
JOHN SLATER, last Sunday circle; 25c; to-
night, 8:15 sharp. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Eat. ; 10c. 14S Sixth St.. 2d floor.
KATIE HKlWniAiqra circle Tues. eve.; 25c;
fittings daily. 126 West Mission, near 13th.
MRS. M. A. BRYANT; correct facts; readings
dally: by letter $2. 110 Sixth st...room S.
TEST circle to-night. 8 o'clock, 10c: readings
dally. 50c. MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st.
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to-night, 228 Ellis
et.; 25c; full rames and messages.
WEETIXGS— Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society. 210 0'Farrell st-Public meeting
Sunday. September 1. 8 p. m., subject, "Re-
Incarnstion and Christianity." To-night
members' meeting.
MEETING NOTICES.
GRAND CHANCELLOR L. B. CALK- Ufe-
INS will officially visit the lodges *, JMl
meeting in Pythian Castle, 80S Mar- HaW_-
ket St., on MONDAY. August 26, in 5 **^
Joint convention with Laurel Lodge No. 4 \
All members of the order are invited to at-
tend. H. SCHAFFNEB, G. K. of R. & s. j
OFFICE of the American Pacific Mining and !
Development Co., room 97, Donohoe building '
1170 Market et.. S. F.— To the stockholders of '
the American Pacific Mining and Development 1
Company: Please take notice that the first I
annual meeting of the stockholders of the i
American Pacific Mining and Development !
Core pany of San Francisco, California, will
be held at the company's office, San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the second day of Sep-
tember, IS01. at 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of electing directors and for the transaction
of such other business as may properly come
before the meeting.
The stock transfer books of the company
will be closed on Monday, the 2Cth day of j
August. 1901. at S o'clock p. m.. and will !
remain dosed until Tuesday the 3d day cf
September. 1901, at 10 o'clock a. m. By order
of the Board of Directors.
F. GATES. Secretary.
Dated August 15. 1S0L
A GRAND mass meeting will be held on STJN-
BDAY. August 25, In front of the new City
Hall on Market st. to discuss the Issue be- '
tween capital and labon DR. C. C. O'DON-
7CELL and oth*r eminent speakers will ad- '
flre_ the meeting. Come one. come all. 1
ngnts to tnis state tor $ZaOO cash, and also a
half-interest in any other State (excepting
New York) for the same amount (one-fourth
Interest for $1250); there is a fortune in this
Invention for several different persons; it will
stand the strictest investigation, and you
will not be asked to pay me a single dollar
until I have cooked a meal on the Solar Stove
in your presence: explained its workings to
you and given you a bill of sale or assign-
ment of the territory you are buying.
If you have that amount of cash that you
are willing to invest as soon as I have satis-
fied you that my invention is all I claim for
it, let me hear from yeu; the half-Interest of
either of these two States can be an undi-
vided half-interest or exclusive control over
half of the State (named by counties), as the
buyer • prefers at the time of closing deal.
Box 49S2. Call office.
ATTENTION. BUYERS.
Saloons, restaurants,
Delicatessen stores and .
Business chances of all
Kinds. Cash or easy
Payments.
A. H. RETSLOFF,
Real Estate Agent and House" Broker.
Room 12. 906 Market st, cor. Ellis.
$1200 — RAILROAD hotel and restaurant: over
20 rooms full furnished and occupied; restau-
rant complete; all railroad people; located
right at R. R. station; paying a couple of
hundred clear every month; owner has been
there for 14 years: investigate fully.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
rv- 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1700— GROCERY: read this ad; a positive bar-
gain; one of the best corner cash groceries In
Oakland: clean stock and business runs $30 to
$75 dally sales; 1 fine $200 cash register; 1 $60
computing scale; 1 $50 coffee mill, etc., and
everything complete: good cause for selling.
ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
DELICATESSEN and lunch counter, dally
business $20. fine opening, price $350: a bar-
gain in a downtown cigar stand. $1600.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market et., rooms 1-2, opp. Mason.
$250— PARTNER wanted: great chance in a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market.
A— $450— Cigar stand, centrally located; elegant
fixtures; sales $20 daily; rent, including lights,
$25; laundry agency: owner going East. See
agente. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott bldg.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; mutt
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St., room 1.
FOR rent — A dairy ranch at Tomales. Marin
County, which carries BO cows: plenty of
arable land; Is -within 1 mile of town and
creamery. Apply J. W. KEYS, Tomales.
GOOD business, under way. requiring about
$500 to complete, promising large returns;
light work; good chance for the right party.
Address Box 3820, Call Office.
WANTED— Business man for light, permanent,
profitable manufacturing cash business; no
competition; $100 renuired: personal interview
only. Box 4986. Call office.
$1650— OLD established corner grocery and bar:
good location; fine stock; security or real
estate taken. Cor. Grove and Gough sta.*
BAZAAR. 15 years established; must be soid.
Call after 1 pt m. or before 10 a. m. Mon-
day. 3017 1 Valencia st.
ILLUSTRATOR wants partner, man or woman,
to establish advertising agencies. Box 4985,
Call office. . . '
$250 INVESTED this week will make your for-
tune; absolutely safe. Box 4S81, Call office.
GENTLEMAN going East wants gold stock to
sell; good clientage. Box 4987. Call office.
CORNER saloon with club rooms; half price;
owner leaving city. 1069 Howard Bt
EXCELLENT opportunity: corner Seventh and
Cleveland ets. ; store to let.
FOR eale— Dairy 100 miles from S. F.; 150 cows;
now shipping $600 a month in cream to S. F. ;
also to lease or sell the ranch with. feed for
1000 cattle. Addrees J. M. Canty. Grayson, Cal.
$150— VALUABLE Interest In co-operative busl-
ness. Address box 4883, Call office.
150 MONTHLY salary and an independent for-
tune for reliable man who can invest $2500
Immedlatelv: no oil. mining, gambling, stock
or real estate speculation, but an absolutely
safe and practical business proposition. Box
4959, Call office.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. ; ca6h receipts about $1500 to
f2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician. 1071% Mar-
ket St., San Francisco.
FOR sale— Blackemlthlng business, at Invoice-
good paying business in one of the best
towns in the Bute; owner compelled to look
after other interests. Box 4949, Call office.
TO lease — A 43-room lodging-house In Marys-
vllle; a. paying business at present: nice loca-
tion. F. S. CARR, box 65, Redding, Cal.
IT will pay you to call at our office for lodg-
ing-house?. Ealoons, restaurants, grocery
Btores. candy stores, etc. McBRIDE & CO.,
1016 Market st., opposite Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be' found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
A— 10-ROOM house, handsomely furnished in
oak and cherry; all new and elegant carpets:
.fine bed linen; light and sunny; clearing $45
over expenses: will sell regardless of price:
worth $900. Call at 329 O'Farrell st., Sunday.
BARGAIN— Six rooms, bath; 3 rooms rented.
226 Taylor st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1025 Market st. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m.; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, .clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell Bt ; Ellis car.
j MRS. LEISTER, spiritual • test meeting, 8 p.
m., 10c; readings dally. ]48 Sixth st, room 12.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer: sittings daily. $1.
603 California st. ; phone Main 315.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
lst and card reading; 50c. 1007*4 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Frl..
8 p. m. ; Wed.. 2:30 p. m. ; 10c; read, daily. 50c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c
MRS. ADA FOYE, 1423 Market Bt.— Sittings
daily from 1 to 5 p.. m. .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life-
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
FREE tests to ladles every morning the bal-
nnce of this month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted for
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and mediumls-
tlc talents develoned In others under written
guarantee In 90 days or no charge; It costs
not one cent to test my ability and your tal-
ents; call to-day. FRANKLIN, 363 Geary st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past.
. future: never. falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future- husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
dtsgncses disease with life reading; ladles 50c
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
ogical palmist, reader human destiny: never
falls; 25c and 50c; by mall. 50c. 1203 Mission.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clalrvoynnt. card reader-
German spoken : 25c up. 777^ Market, room 18.
Mrs.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
LADIES only: your future foretold satisfactor-
ily,' 15c. 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk st.
CARD reading, 25c and up. 835 Howard st.
M.-WILlJfe. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m..to.8 p.m. ; BOc. 326A Ellis.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 448H Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME, RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt:
mmmm ¦—»——¦ *— * ~~— ¦~~~~~~~* ~— *~~~~~g
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmeklng & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Pest, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN.
A practical and Industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A.' building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.: opening night, Tuesday. . Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; departments— Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
THE celebrated Prof. Bothwell Bronne, teacher
of dancing and grace culture, holds classes
Saturday afternoons, at 2:30, and Monday
evenings at 9, Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.,
near Tenth: private Instructions at residence,
622 McAllister, near Franklin: novelty stage
dances a specialty: engagements secured.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $30 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50: catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '
SPANISH— Theoretical or practical; speedy
guide to habitual' talk; translations; letters.
210 Eddy st. ¦ »
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency Gecuring
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.-,
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st
A FREE lesson In .character reading; apply
. Mon. Chirological College, suite 451, Parrott b.
Chicago Business College. 1433 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep, $6 mo.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, jrultar
lessons, BOc ; piano, for. practice. 89 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar: juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. 8. F.;
foundsd 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. .
SEND to Grand ! Opera-house for circular of
Grand ' Opera-house School , of Acting.
COLLEGE graduate wishea pupils in Latin.
Box .4993. Call office.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. — ramar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE^ "and [ 'Chinese help of all kinds;
: cooks, waiters and : house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. k
CHINESE Employment Office— All *klnds best
help furnished. 439 Bush St.; tel.. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
- reliable help.- E24 Bush st; teL Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
• nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and": Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main R188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS French maid and seamstress
desires situation; good . references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Butter et. - ¦ ¦-,..:-.¦¦-¦
A FIRST-CLASS German- cook . desires situa-
tion; city or country; good references.' MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ; --. ¦ ; - » ;.
COMPETENT chambermaid and seamstress;
also nurse girl. MISS HQRGAN..323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position; also com-
petent houseglrl. MISS HORGAN, .323 Sutter.
employment; gent's place, town or country;
thoroughly understands care of horses, gar-
den, cows, etc.; moderate wages; references.'
Box 49S4. Call office. .
WANTED— Position as relief clerk , In drug
Ftore In exchange for office room. Address
J. BUSSING. M. P.. 2 Octavia St. •
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family: neet appearance, sober, .use no to-
bacco r willing and obliging;, good horseman
and driver; many years with same employer;
very best references; wages $45 and found.
Address this week, M. M., 221 Sixth st.
A MAN and wife with 2 children wish a posi-
tion to take care of a gentleman's place or a
ranch. Box 4997, Call office. - ¦ ¦ • ¦
I WILL invest $200 or $300 In any reliable firm
where I can be employed at a fair salary;
best reference given. Address, giving par-
ticulars, box 2300, Call office, Oakland.
MAN would like few hours' work morning and
evening for his board; work of any kind.
Box 4998, Call office. . ,
YOUNG man wishes position' as valet or In-
door servant; city references. Box 4809, Call.
YOUNG German, experienced horseman, wants
situation to take care of a gentleman's place;
all round man; can furnish best of reference.
Box 4974. Call office.: ________
WANTED — By an experienced baker, a posi-
tion as foreman in country. Address Baker,
box 4965, Call office.
WANTED— Position in shipchandlery , and
commission business; nine years' experience.
" Address box 4934, Call office.
JAPANESE, nice, good cook, wants position
cooking and housework; best references; 3
years last place. Box 4661, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange — A beautiful . home in San Jose
for Income San Francisco property; place con-
- tains about 3 acres full-bearing orchard, all
varieties fruit; an elegant 8-room house with
large basement;' fine well, windmill and tank;
flowers and lawn; modern Improvements;'
worthy investigation: good income property.
Address box 4999. Call office.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows St. mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia .tel.Capp 2687.
¦ _ _ FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. t, (inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
AN upper flat to let, 411 Cole st.; looks out on
Park; tiled bathroom and sink; beamed and
frescoed ceilings; marble steps and vestibule.
.Can be seen bet. 10 and 4 o'clock every day.
ELEGANT modern sunny fiat on boulevard,
603 Baker st, NW cor. Fulton; 7 rooms and
bath; almost new; inlaid floors; beautifully
¦- decorated ; : fine view. ;
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, laun-
dry; rent —easonable; perfect order. 1800
O'Farrell st
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick st*.—
Fine rew sunny fists, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. ' *
UPPER flat, 95* Eddy st. bet Franklin and
Gough— 9 rooms and ; bath; rooms elegantly
¦ decorated; tiled bath room; sun all day.
FLAT — 4 rooms, bath and basement; nice loca-
tion. '1809 Eddy st, near Scott.
FLAT, 1008 Valencia, nr. Twenty-first— 5 'rooms
. and bath; rent $20. . , .. ¦
FLAT of ' 4 unf urnUhed rooms. 204V& . Eddy
street. ¦ : • ¦ ¦ ¦ -. : -.:',¦•
MODERN flat at 945 Sanchez st.
NATOMA, 714 — flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children. •
ONLY 1 left; new, sunny; 7 rooms; modern, up
to ' date, marine ylew. Van Ness and Union.
$16 — SIX rooms, bath. In good order, lower part
, 12 Guy place, off First, above Folsom. -
SAN JOSE ave, 141, near Twenty-fourth st—
Nice modern sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath, $18.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519%— 4 rooms and bath.
, gas ; clean flat, quiet neighborhood ; rent $15.
TO let— Upper flat, 4 rooms. -313 Hyde «t'. ¦
$12 50—289 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat 4 rooms,
bath, gas; ail sunny. ;.-, ¦ - ,.
$17 50— FLAT of : 5, rooms and bath. 671 Hayes
at, near Laguna; no small children*
GIKL to assist in iignt nouseworn; smati iam-
lly; good home. 1510 Vallejo St.
GIRL for light housework; 2 in family; $10;
room and bath. 130 Parker ave., to-day.
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily. 3639 Twentieth st. v
FINISHERS 'on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st
APPRENTICES on coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market st.
OPERATORS on pants; must be first class. 541
Market st. ________
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer. 330 O'Farrell
street.
WANTED— A good, healthy wetnurse. 2843
Bryant st. near Twenty-fifth.
FIRST-CLASS fitter on skirts: also jacket
hands. Call 9-11. S. KRAMER. 220 Powell.
GIRL to assist with second work, waiting and
sewing. 1124 Gough st., corner O'Farrell.
REFINED lady for office business. Address
box 3415. Call office. -
LADY pianist for country. Box 4804, Call of-
fice.
WANTED— Vest finishers. Apply at factory,
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
A — TWO chambermaids. German or Swedish,
for lady students, short distance, $20 each;
easy place. LAMBERT. 413 Powell st.
WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
-work on fruit; steady work; highest -wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran,
nan st
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
/ CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
WOMEN and girls wanted to -work on fruit-
steady work at good wagts. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit Canners*
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
A LADY of indomitable energy, '. possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Lady as partner in established
legitimate business; duties agreeable. Box
4664. Call office.
GIRL general housework, cooking, four -¦ in
family; German preferred; wages $20; call
mornings. 2225 Pacific ave.
WE can place two bright. ¦ earnest, ! reliable
women In first-class positions. Box 4665, Call.
GIRL small family adults; general housework;
wages $15. 2516 Pine st
WANTED— A lady for light housework; good
home: fair pay to the right party. Call after
2 p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED collar rubbers. Apply United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— Experienced ' lace saleslady;, state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
¦ box 4952. Call office. VVJ
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission St.
WANTED— -Women for light • - work on fruit
1731 Folsom st ....••'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 8200 Fillmora.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE:
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
• E9 Third st, near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! i: ""• UKIAH'
; FREE FARE. . "
60 R,.R. laborers..........Ukiah....$2perday
50 axmen and teamsters. .Ukiah... $*> per das-
Free fare to Bakersfleld and Fresno divisions
50 shovelers for the Santa Fe
20 laborers.:.. jo 25 ' per d
6 quarry men, near city.......... $2 23 per day
Man to make beds and care for linen
hotel, city ......$7 per week and room
Handy man to care for blue grass and. gar-
' den........ ....$25 per month and found
Ranch hand, steady Job, $1 per day and board
Butcher, country. $25 per month and found."
Office open Sunday till 12 noon.
MAN of average business ability to take charge
of office; must have $500. Box 3821, Call Office.
WANTED— Second cook at 810, Kearny st
to associate himself with stationery and hard-
ware business; state experience, age. salary
expected and reference by letter. Box 4998,
Call office.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores. long-
shoremen, sailors, woodworking machine
hands: non-union; no office fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny at. room 24.
WANTED— 10O -honorably discharged «oldler9-
Apply at ones room 10, 325 Montgomery at.:
bring discharge papers; -wages $3 per day
with a bonus; office open Sunday.
TWO laborers to take apart can; wages S3 per
day. Apply A. M., Seventh, and Berry at*.
A NO. 1 salesman on furs for a first-class cloak
house: must be thoroughly experienced, Box
4967. Call office. .
WANTED— Physician to locate; good practice
assured. Address box 4357, Call office-.
WANTED— Young man; country drug- store:
about 2 years' experience. Box 4368. Call.
BRIGHT, willing boy 18 years to learn tz-da.
Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st. —
BOYS wanted; good wages. Apply Western
Union Telegraph Co., 300 Montgomery st
FIRST-CLASS presser on coata. BELASCO A
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
WANTED— An oysterman; one who tinder*
stand3 cooking; a good dishwasher. HZ Ellis.
WANTED— Errand boy. 2009 FUlmora st.
WANTED — Boy In confectionery; not under It
years. 1503 Geary «t.
TWO dishwashers at Golden "West Hotel, tt-TI
Ellis st.
WANTED — Basters on custom eoata. Acply
factory, S. N. WOOD fe CO.. 27 Oeary st
BARBERS— A finely fitted 2-chalr shop; splen-
did business; for sale cheap If taken quick:
satisfactory reason for selling:. F. M.
SCHENCK. 175 S. First St.. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED-Experienced operator on Goodyear
machine: also Hungarian nailer. CAlEtf,
NICKELSBURG & CO.. 115 Hayes rt.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly:
special Inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St
WANTED— Capable head waiter with restau-
rant experience: state wher« formerly em-
ployed and how long; give age and stat»
whether single or married. Box 4368, Call.
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestla
» department : state age, experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4970. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS experienced crockery and glass-
ware packer; state age, experience and refer-
ences. Apply box 497. Call office. ;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hair
price. 668 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
COUNTRY barber shop wanted within 75 miles
of San Francisco. Box 4964. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. REIS3 gRO3. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
CARPENTERS and File Drivers Wanted-
Experienced bridge and wharf carpenters and
rile drivers wanted for work on various Jobs
m this city; wages $3 50 per day of nlna hours;
men going on now will be given police pro-
tection and absolute preference in all future*
work. If they prove competent: our asso-
ciation Includes every contractor of conse-
quence In the line in the- city, and good men
. can count on fair treatment and steady work.
Bridge ft Wharf Builders Employers' Assn.,
Room 8, 4 California st
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters: good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway - wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongstde; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
10OO MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. CaL; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st.. room 25. San Fn «n-
clsco. Cal.
WANTED— An experienced clothing salesman;
state age. Address Lion Clothing Co.. S*_
Dleso. Cal .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
29
* . - ..'- 7th Floor, Crocker Building.
$2100— Reduced from $2300 to make sale; cot-
tage of 5 rooms; modern plumbing and
building; street accepted ;, $500 cash, bal-
ance payments; 6 per cent Interest; near
Folsom and 8th sts. ; save - car fare ;
within walking distance of work.-
REAL ESTATE
AND LOANS,
HEAL I ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY, L
$2000 FOR a new 5-room' cottage, modern in
every respect; porcelain bath, tiled sink,
handsome mantel, laundry, - gas and electric
fixtures; one block to station and cars: only
$200 cash, balance $20 per month. W. C.
MORAN '& CO. . . • » V *
$2300— FINE 6-room cottage in Richmond Dis-
trict; must be sold. Box 4994, Call of flee.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market st. to
410 O'Farrell Et.. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist : a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
HINDOOHERB AND MHS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement 112C Market st.. S. F.
tion and will b« pleased to see her. friends at
the old number, 122S Market st .
RETURNED
MRS., DAVIES has returned from her vaca-
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
nave been relieved by my treatments: free
confidential, advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
"VV. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St.
MEDICAL.
$3250 FOR a new and modern 7-room house,
near . the university and in choicest part 1 of
town; easy terms If desired. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold In whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land;, good
buildings; well fenced: , short distance from
Yuba City, Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated. in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980. Call office,
for information a bargain will be given.
SATOFF & WILKINS,
2121 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
We have a very large list of property to
choose from; we have houses and cottages at
prices ranging from $800 to $8000; we have terms
of payment ranging from $200 down and $10 per
month up to bargains for all cash; we can
make It cheaper for you to buy houses than to
rent them; we can sell you lota from $250 up-
ward, according to location, on terms that
any worklngman can meet. 1
Call and see us and we will get you what you
want. '-
$500— DON'T forget those lots in the Wheeler
tract, just north of the U. C. grounds; cheap-
est property in Berkeley. W. C. MORAN &
CO.. Schmidt block, Berkeley or Lorin station.
TO let— Smnll store and 2 rooms. 217 Eleventh
st., near Howard.
STORE. 1043 Guerrero st, near Twenty-third;
fixtures and living rooms.
ELEGANT suit of offices on the Market-st.
front of the first floor of the Phelan building,
DESKROOM cheap; fine sunny office: attend-
ant: private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bldg.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR Sale— 5 acres near Menlo Park; small
house and barn; fenced and cross-fenced;
must sell ; make offer.
Will trade 25 acres, 2 miles from Santa
Cruz, for city or bay property. Money loaned
on any reasonable proposition." ¦ . .
W. L. HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
$3000— DO you want, a bargain? Just look at
this; fine house 'and lot house in perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine corner lot 60x100; street work all done;
only one block from station,' and within 5
minutes of ! university grounds.
JOSEPH J/ MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
GREAT OPPORTUNITY for Suburban Homes.
FIVE-ACRE LOTS— EASY TERMS.
Good deep rich soil; good water and climate.
Three miles north of Berkeley on San Pab-
lo ave. . •
Five mlnntes' walk to station.
McEWEN' BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sires: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Misulon st
WANTED— From responsible contractors who
own a complete drllllns outfit bids for the
sinking of an oil well on the Deltz ranch, 5
miles north . of Santa Paula, Ventura Co.,
Cal. Paxton Gold Bond Oil Co., 31S Kearny
St., San Francisco. Cal.
REDWOOD timber lands In lots to suit, 160
to B0OO acres at from $5 to $8 an acre.
Several good bargains In farms and stock
ranches In Sonoma and Mendocino counties.
Address ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
. 507 California st. !
$3300— NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped- with window shades, combination
3 fixtures, gas and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only $1400— 6-room house, large lot, within
walking distance of university.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
FOR sale— 60 acres land, mostly In alfalfa;
fenced Into five fields; all level and irri-
gated; running water In all ditches; half a
mile to town and creamery: 20 head of cows
and heifers will go with place If desired ; 1 easy
terms. Call at 133 A O'Farrell St., room 6.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
FREE lesson In character reading, chlrology
and palmistry: apply Chlrologlcal College,
suite 451, Parrott bldg. ; class begins Septem-'
ber 2; college chartered by State; diploma
issued: 4750 students; A. Victor Segno of
Columbia Scientific Academy, N. T. City,
president. MRS. BALDWIN, - Instructor.
PALMISTRY.
CHEAP land— 400 acres rich valley land, 3 miles
north of Berkeley: fronting on San Pablo
ave.; $130 to $200 per acre. Dairy ranch of 300
acres near Berkeley; $60 per acre; look at
these properties. W. B. EASTIN, 401 Cali-
fornia st.
NO. 202— $3100; new 7-room house; 2 blocks from
Berry man station; a well-built house.
No. 209— $3000; 10-room house; lot 80x150.
No. 210— $3350; 8 rooms; lot 50x130; on Ban-
croft ¦way.
No. 185— $2200: 6-room cottage; lot 40x122;
street work all done; cement walks.
$1600— 6-room cottage, new. on easy terms.
Beautiful lot in Piedmont, facing west,
near Senator Perkins*, at a bargain' for a
few days.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
v . Real Estate and Insurance,
1 Opp. First National Bank.
GENTLEMAN of 45, with steady position and
some means, wishes to form the acquaintance
of a respectable lady with a small capital;
object to erect a home: gentleman speaks
French and German; object matrimony. Ad-
dress box 4S59, Call office.
PERSONALS.
$1375— NICE cottage, 4 rooms and bath: fine
garden; close to cars and station. H. D.
IRWIN, Lorin Station.
State title to lot commencing at point dis-
tant 68:9 westerly from the westerly line of
Front st. and 120 feet southerly from the
southerly line of Washington st. ; thence south-
erly 17:6 by a uniform depth westerly of 30
feet, being part of beach and water lot No.
150.
For further particulars, apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
.14 Montgomery st.
McAllister st, south line 275 feet east of
Broderlck; 12:6x137:6.
Lot commencing at point distant 187:6 north-
erly from the northerly line of Pine st. and
77:6 westerly from the westerly line of Stock-
ton st: thence northerly 2 feet by a' uniform
depth westerly of 60 feet.
Lot 32 In block 11 of the Flint Tract Home-
stead Association. • ¦ ¦ - . -
Eighteenth ave. and H st. south; 75x200; three
frontages. '• ,. ¦ • . ¦-.
Fourteenth ave. and J st south; 75x200; three
frontages.
The following 6 parcels; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
JOHN H. DALL ESTATE.
Executor's Sale. .¦
Folsom St., east line bet. 20th and 21st sts. ;
choice building lot. 25x122:6; subject to con-
firmation by the court.
JANE LUDB Y - ESTATE.
Executor's Sale. ¦
10 Beldeman st, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell and
Scott and Devlsadero; cottage of 4 rooms;
street bitumlnlzeJ; lot 25x90.
ADDITION
WESTERN
B0 Federal Ft.; cottage of 4 rooms; lot ISxSO.
48 Federal st.: 2 flats of 5 rooms each; rents
$16 per month; lot 19xS0.
6 W. corner Bryant and Ellery sts., bet. First
and Second: 2 stores and cottage; rents $35 per
month ; lot 25x80.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENTS,
NO. 1. -
SW. corner First and Federal sts. ; 2-story
building consisting of store and lodging house
of 13 rooms: rents $55 per month: lot 20xS3:4.
SOUTH SIDE BUSINESS CORNER,
• DENCE. .
' 1736 Golden Gate ave., near Devlsadero st. ;
modern residence of 12 rooms, bath, billiard-
room, etc. : large grounds, nicely elevated and
commanding a fine view; lot 70x110; terms %
cash and balance can remain at 6 per cent.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
187, 189, 191 Valencia -st, near Junction of
Market and Valencia; 3-story building contain-
ing store and 2. flats; lot 30x80.
CHOICE OAK-STREET INVESTMENT.
. 426, 428 and 430 Oak st. and 471 and 473 Hick-
ory ave., bet. Laguna and Buchanan sts.; 3
bay-window houses of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each; 2 cottages of 3 and 5 rooms each;
sanitary plumbing, etc.: rents $84 50 month;
bank mortgage of $6600 at 6 per cent can re-
main; lot 65x120 to rear street •
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
HAYES-STREET BUSINESS I PROPERTY. .
461 Hayes st. and 362 and , 364 Linden ave.,
bet Gough and Octavia sts. ; substantial build-
Ing containing store and 4 flats of 4, 5, 6 rooms
and bath each; brick foundation, stone walks,
etc.; rents $119 per month; lot 25x120 to rear
street. • . -. *
At our ealesroom Monday
12 o'clock noon.
August 20. 1001, at
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
REAL ESTATE CITY— KOR j SALE.
G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
" AUCTION.
ANY piano sold , by us taken back any -time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a plan >
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell
Et. ;' established 1850.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $S installments: no reserve.
WILSONJS STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
J5C— WEBER piano, cost $500, for sale on $5
installments. 1309 Gough, st, near Geary.
GREAT bargain In flno upright prrand piano;
owner must leave city. 804 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
mako: a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St.. near .Market—
Shoning-er. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE" S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale, $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 3S. 217 Geary st. ¦
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRIIKNN. 208 Post st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. RCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 160 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MV'LLKH. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale ' cheap.
ECHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Allister St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2400— 7-ROOM COTTAGE.
All modern conveniences: built by owner ¦
for home at a cost of $3500; owner's business
In Los Angeles; no use for the property; has
instructed us to sell at best offer obtained.
• v C J. S. MYERS & CO., -
w __ 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2750— AN IDEAL S-ROOM COTTAGE. -
A sightly elevation on Vernon Heights, ad-
Jolnlng Senator Perkins'; it is a beauty: must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage; everything la
perfect order, in fact, almost brand new; no
reserve on this; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS A CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
COTTAGE. 4 rooms: barn; wagon and chicken-
houses; fruits, flowers: best mineral water:
near Lake Merrltt: must be sold. Inquire NW.
cor. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth. East Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ! ~~
REAL SNAPS."' :. -;
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
$3250— New home of 7 rooms, bath and lauadryi
just completed: close In town.
$4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath* matt b*
sold: fine location.
$4500 — New house. 8 rooms and bath; oa a **"*
residence street
Also a number of new homes In course of con-
struction.
A. J. ENYDER.
- 4OT Ninth st. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLVNP KOOMSATO BOARD.
SUNNY front room, board for >, $40 month.
610 Twelfth st. Oakland.
OAKLAXP FURNITrRE Lf<? R - _^ ALE «
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, thJ
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. 552— Unfurnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 1311%— 3 or 4 handsomely sun-
ny furnished rooma for housekeeping; bath.
EIGHTH, 10H, near Market— Bedroom and
kitchen with cooking stove; sunny side.
EIGHTH. 225—3 lovely sunny rooms for house-
keeplng; water; yard; $10.
FOLSOM, 525— Suite of sunny furnished front
rooms; light housekeeping; $2 25 weekly.
FOLSOM, 620— Furnished and unfurnished
rooma on 1st floor; large grounds for children.
FOLSOM. 834— Large sunny bay-window room,
and kitchen; bath; everything private; $3 wk.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large housekeeping room;
also single. ' : • ""¦
FRANKLIN, 801— Two nlc» sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
FULTON, 671—2 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; private entrance: rent $3. •
HOWARD. 728, near Third— 2 housekeeping
rooms complete, $11; 1 front single room; 1
double room; reasonable.
HOWARD, 823— One large sunny room; light
housekeeping. . '
HOWARD, 1063—2 completely furn. sunny con-
necting rooms; running water; range; $10.
HOWARD. 1546— Large bay-window front room
or back parlor with use of kitchen; stove.
JONES, 616, near Post— Nice sunny front parlor
with kitchen complete; single room also.
LARGE sunny front room; use of kitchen:
reasonable. 316 Linden ave.. near Gough. st.
LARKIN, 247— Nice sunny suite, front room,
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; gas stove;
running water. " : v -> -^
LARKIN. 819^4— Sunny front room. $7; larg«
housekeeping room, gas stove, $11 50.
LEAVENWORTH, 207— Nicely furnished rooms,
en suite or single; privilege of light housekpg.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Nicely furnished sunny
suite; sink; gas range; bath; laundry.
MINNA, 28— 3 sunny furnished front houaekeep-
| Ing rooms and single rooms; cheap.
MINNA. 270 — 2 housekeeping rooms; rent $6.
MISSION. 945, near Sixth— Front room and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1121— Nicely furnished front room, for
light housekeeping; also others.
NATOMA. 245— Furnished rooma to let; «.
$1 25, 1 50; housekeeping rooms, $2 60 a week.
NINTH. 155 — Floor 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath; no other roomers; $20.
O'FARRELL, 573— Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms.- • •-..*. ¦ -
O'FARRELL, <2S— Large, sunny front alcove,
unfurnished: gas; running water; very rea-
sonable.
O'FARRELL. 917— Floor of I unfurnished
housekeeping rooms.
POLK. 10O2 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— One or two very desira-
ble clean, nicely furnished rooms, privats
, residence; light hskpg. allowed if desired.
SIXTH, 216 — Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also single; rent reasonable.
THIRD. 335— Furnished rooms, suitabla for
housekeeping. rv 1 - -'*•."¦•¦' r". v-i
THIRD. 825 — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping with use of bath and washtubs.
TURK, 825— Solar flats; fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
TURK, 809 — Three nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas and bath. *¦¦•''.':
4 SUNNY front rooms for housekeeping In up-
per flat; bath and gas stove. 1422 Thirteenth)
ave.. East Oakland.
ROO3IS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cntnrn.
ROOMS '"'" ''"''¦''¦¦'[ to LET. :¦
A — For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM BENTI.VO
CO.. 22 Kearny st; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ate.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance:
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25o to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ARGYLE. 231 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny:
grill attached: country visitors find no plac*
like the Argyle; take McAUister-st. cars. .
AT Shasta House. 248 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week. '
BACHELOR Hotel. 13 Maaon st— 100 newly
furnished' rooms, $150 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
BRADY, 39. off Market— Sunny furnished
rooms, $6 and $7; private family.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
uished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
1
BUSH, 912— A few rooms In an elegant prlvata
home, in excess of needs of I present occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples or gentlemen;
house modern: all conveniences; hot and cold
. water at all hours: furnishings best procur-
able; location convenient to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
need apply; to such rates will be reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 239— Two sunny unfurnished; afeo
fur. parlor suite and single room; piano: pri-
vate family. •
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny hay-window
• light housekeeping bedroom: $7 for 1. $9 for J.
FIFTH. . 107 — Sunny pleasant unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH, 119, second flat— Single and double
rooms from $7.
GEARY, 485. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Sunny
bedroom; private family; '$3.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st, near Market — Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
EOo per day and upward; special rates by th«
week or month; best In the city; references;
- take Market-st cable cars to Turk st
HOWARD. 1018. bet Sixth and Seventh— Nicely
furnished rooms, with gas; suites and slngte
and housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable. '
JONES, 80S— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms;, also other rooms. .. •
JONES, 947— Sunny parlors, Just newly and
elegantly furnished; modern; private; rsas.
LARKIN, 247 — Nice, sunny furnished rooma
double, single; running water; gas.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny room; 1 or t per-
sons: light housekeeping if desired; $7; sin-
gle. $6. >
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up. -
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient: for travelers; baths.
MARKET. 1S02— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooma;
gentlemen preferred; references. ...
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur. : single rooma. $10 up.
MASON, 107— Large, nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also housekeeping • rooms.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. .$1 per week; transient.
For Additional Classified Adverti»#-
' meats See Page Thirty, -
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st, for pam-
phlets or Information.
$1650— NEW house, 6 rooms and bath; lot
40x115; $150 cash, balance like rent H. D.
IRWIN. Lorin Station.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is guaranteed to re-
store gray and faded hair to natural color,
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dye; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
grists, hairdressers or our office, 3S5 Geary St.,
S. F., the Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4895.
"WANTED to rent — 20 acres or more, mostly
pasture, within 50 miles of San Francisco;
describe with terms. Box 4977, Call office.
$1850— NEW house. 6 fine rooms, bath, pantry,
hall, etc. ; high basement; brick foundation;
easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
FOR Mendocino County stock ranches and
farms address W. M. PEERY. TJklah. Cal. •
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
Nice 6-room cottage, near cars, $2250; also a
good 6-room cottage, near cars and university,
$2600; both on easy terms.
A first-class' 7-room house; new; In choice
location; $3750. MAY & MORTIMER.
2123 Center st., Berkeley, CaL
BERKELEY HOMES FOR SALE.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
\TB3£ jad it 'auiiiBtu joj jaddBJM ui 'saSBd 91
HONORABLE young man, 35, without means,
excellent character, seeks acquaintance
wealthy lady; object marriage. Address in
confidence, box 4858. Call office.
ALL are not specialists who claim It; ask them
for testimonials; see mine; hair grown and
dandruff cured: shampooing a specialty.
.MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, 34 Kearny St.
$30 REWARD
For any information leading to arrest and
conviction of party or parties who burglarized
my store. Sunday, August 18.
JAMES W. BONNEY, 14th and Mission.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
WRIGHT & EWELL,
Real Estate and Financial Agents,
Loans, Insurance. 816 Montgomery st
CHOICE INVESTMENT.
Mission Street.
We have a particularly fine parcel on . Mis-
sion st, not far from Third St., with two
frontages. - This is one of the few large pieces
left In this vicinity that can be had at a
reasonable price. Investigate this. .
$140,000.
Magnificent lot containing 24,062% square feet;
frontage of 87:6 feet on two main business
streets. Just eouth of Mission st.; old im-
provements; . this parcel has a magnificent
future.
$140,000.
High class Geary-st investment; 6-story
pressed brick front and steel building; lot 75x
77:6; pays under lease over 6 per cent net on
purchase price.
v * . $170,000.
Seven-story and basement brick building;
corner not far from Market and Powell ste.;
lodgings and stores; leased.
$S0 PER FRONT FOOT.
Beautiful building lots In Presidio Heights
district; south side of Jackson st.
WRIGHT & EWELL,
Real Estate and Financial Agents,
316 Montgomery st
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$17 60 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all 6lzes. Tel. Folsom 1328,
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
, chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st, between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed . free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st.. N. Y.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
. Now is the time. to stfeure a home.
$1100— A fine 4-room cottage; large lot; a bar-
gain. . . ; . " •
$1800— Buys a new 5-room modern cottage;
lot 20x100.
J1S0O — A nice 7-room house; lot 33x159; a snap.
$2250— Corner lot; house 5 rooms and bath;
new.
$2500—8 rooms and bath; 2-story house; lot
35x150."
$3250— On Central ave. ; lot 40x207; ¦ house 8
rooms and bath; windmill, etc.
$4500— An elegant 8 rooms and bath; new;
corner lot.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
Easy terms: lots for sale In any part of Ala-
meda. Homes built to suit.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$850, $1000, $1300, $2500 to $3000— Bargains In
modern cottages, Sunset, Richmond and Mis-
sion districts; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
64 Chronicle building.
$400 to $800— Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch office, 9th ave., near H it
$500 to $800— Graded and sewered incompar-
able Sunset lots; your own terms.
$75, $100 to $350— Best Ocean Boulevard lots,
only $5 monthly; ready to build on.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st
cars; $5 monthly.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK. LOTS.
We have unusual good Bargains now.
Secure a home with- little money.
FREE trial — Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless; lady In at-
tendance. 935 Market, r. 5; sample mailed, 25c.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of interest
t Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black E471,
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st: teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
KODAK developing by experts; up to 4x5 only
25c roll; mail orders a specialty. Rembrandt
Studio, 850 Market st, cor.' Stockton,' upstairs.
CHRONIC diseases, stammering, liquor, to-
bacco and morphine habits cured without
drugs. PROF. OHLIN. 1220 Vallejo st. In
rear, to left
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests: corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you -need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st. room 3 '
AA— MAHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
J300.COO at 6 per cent In sums to suit City and
Oakland: town and country property, second
mortgages. life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
TO LOAN.
MOXEY
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON ¦wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical roods. 154. 9th st: tel. Fnlsnm 2522.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«<t st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand 'machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
ID-HAND machinery of all kinds bought sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
DIAMONDS, waiches. Jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 611 Mission st.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap: 1 4-horse
p. Colic, 1 2H-h. p. Hercules: at 908 Kearny.
"C. F. MARTIN" KUltar. Al condition, $25.
Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st
LOT of oil tanks, all sites and shapes, cheap.
H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers;
good order; complete. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading merchant
tailors. Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs),
23 Stockton et.
A — BUYS, 6ells or rents gear, machinery, en-
pines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st.
FOR sale — Epworth Leajrue excursion ticket
to Central Kansas within four days;' a great
bargain. Address A. B. C, International
Hotel.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms ; children's toy graphophones
tl £0; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
ealoon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor ready made; vre can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILERS, englr.es, 2(!-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALES.
MATERNITY Villa; strictly private; terms
reas'ble. Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 8th, Alameda.
FACE massage, EOc; a new and scientific treat-
ment; done at 121 Mason st F. A. ZIRKEL.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
S. P. MIDDLETON, Auctioneer,
11 Montgomery st.
Auction sale to close estate of John Mad-
den, deceased, Wednesday, August 28, 13
o'clock m.
2417-2419 Harrison st. — Two 2-story houses,
6 rooms and bath each; stable; lot 62x100 feet;
rents $26. "
732, 734, ¦ 736, 738 Treat ave. — 4 modern flats,
6 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 60x122:6;
• rents JS8. .
2979 Harrison st — Cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; stable: rent $16; lot 25x100.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
READ CAREFULLY.
$1200 — 4-room modern cottage; fruit trees;
nice lot: street and sewer work all complete;
this is one of the nicest cottages in our city
and is near the train and schools; we can sell
you this on easy terms.'-
$1300— 5-room cottage In a most desirable lo-
cation; street and sewer work all complete.
$2250 — 5-room cottage on fine large lot; lawn,
fruit trees and stable; this will make you an
Ideal home.
$3100— Modern, up-to-date 8-room cottage:
high basement; large lot: lawn; In fact one of
the prettiest homes In Alameda: location can't
be beat; see us; we have what you want; ex-
changes a specialty.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A STYLISH shingle house, modeled after the
order of the old New England dwelling, which
Is at present the artistic rage; just com-
pleted; 30 ft. frontage; select locality; re-
ception room, living room and elegant col-
onial dining-room with beamed ceiling on
first-floor, besides kitchen and servant's
room; convenient and substantial; latest fur-
nishings; natural finish; terms to suit; Ash-
bury st. near Frederick; take Halght or
Ellis, transfer to Masonic.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence,
1021% Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
Point Richmond,
Terminus Great Santa Fe Railroad.
Level lots. Streets graded.
$10 cash, $5 monthly.
B0 lots sold this month.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st,
'...-¦ Sole Agents.
SANTA FE.
SANTA FE.
$1600— LOT 50x150: San Antonio ave., near Wal-
nut st., with cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
great snap. • . • .
$1900— Lot 80x150, with modern cottage, t B
rooms and bath; $250 cash, balance $20 per
month.
$3000— Lot 40x150; new, up-to-date cottage of
6 rooms, bath and porches; near school and
stations; $500 cash, balance $25 per month.
$3700— Lot B0xl50; corner lot with new 2-
etory house of 8 rooms and bath; fine finished
basement; between broad and narrow gauge
R. R. stations; also near school.
$27 50 per month— House built to suit pur-
chaser; monthly payments same as rent;
houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
h7 P. MOREAL & CO.,
1422 Park st
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the homan body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
' and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
PROPERTY WASTED.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to
build a home; state price and location of lot
Box 4414. Call office.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507 California st.
$2600— CHEAPEST lot with old house In West-
ern Addition, on Buchanan, near Sutter st.
$75 each, level lots at Ingleside and near
electric cars. Mission road.
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built;
finished by day work; every possible latest
lmpts.; heaters; 6 basins; plate and art glass
¦windows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fulton Et.. near Shrader; Hayes or
McAllister street cars; open from 1 to 5 p. m.
$4500 — TWO new flats ready for occupancy in 10
days; every modern Improvement; % cash,
balance at 6 per cent; 4029-31 Kightenthi st.,
between Noe and Castro.
B. P. OLIVER, 114 Montgomery st.
$1000— 4-ROOM cottage, lot 25x150. near Mor-
ton Station.
$1600— Lot 60x100; cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
business property, at Bay Station; lot alone
worth more. •
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
• 507 California st
To be sold on premises. House of 4 rooms and
basement, lot 30x150. This beautiful house is
In one of the finest locations In Alameda. Must
be sold to settle up estate. Special terms made
to purchasers. Send for circular and terms.
MISS S. VINCENT, Executrix.
J. A. MUNRO & CO., Auctioneers,
1501 Park St., Alameda.
;•:..¦¦. Telephone Grand 178.
AUCTION SALE • . . .
Of a fine piece of property, 8114 Buena Vista
ave., near Willow st, Alameda.
Sale Saturday. August SI, at 4 p.m.
"WANTED— Money on good security at fair
rate of Interest; no room for sharks. Box
4S30. Call office.
BIONEY WANTED.
GREAT sale of cheap lots; $150 to $300;- choice
locations.
Fine houses for sale or rent. .
E. D. JUDD & CO., 1424 Park st, Alameda.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquiied by foreclosure: % cash. Bank of Ala.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— On Noe st, between 19th and 20th
a cozy little home, 6 rooms and bath' the
finest ever offered for a small | price; every
modern- improvement: -fine basement; lot 25x
125: everything strictly first class. DAVID
CONDON;' owner and builder.
BARGAIN— $5500. worth $7000; fine 9-room
sunny house; everything In finest condition 1
lot 29x127:8; latest plumbing; 8942 Clay st. ;
terms as easy as rent; house open for in-
spectlon. JOSEPH NASH, 11 Montgomery.
$5000— TWO new flats ready for occupancy in
10 days; 5 and 6 rooms; particularly light and
sunny; 514-16 Noe st, between Eighteenth and
• Nineteenth sts.
„ B. P. OLIVER, 114 Montgomery st
$3750— 2-STORY residence with 150 feet frontage:
.2 extra lots: property worth $5500; best bar-
gain in Oakland ; good for ¦ builders : located
near Telegraph ave. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broad-
ITAV. OnlflQTI'f 1. ' '•¦ ¦
$2500— 2-STORY, residence- with lot 50x125 ; near
Telegraph ave. ; a snap. ALDEN CO., 1118
Broadway, Oakland. I
BEAUTIFUL home on Oakland Heights: large
lot: a decided bargain. " Apply- to P W.
ANDERSON. 28 San Pablo ave. •
.WANTED— Ranches to exchange for Oakland
property. Apply to P. W. ANDERSON 23
San Pablo ave., Oakland..
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy It for
you, erect a house to suit and sell It to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO
646 Market st ' . • . . . • . **
BROADWAY; 35x137:6; marine view. THT5
MbCARTHYCO.. 648 Market st " • \
$1000— 5-ROOM house; stable; chicken-houses;
fruit trees; corner: 50x140; nice place. Call at
.314 Sutter st. hat store. :..•
FOR sale as a whole or In subdivisions- 80-
vara lot; south line Union st; 137:8 feet eatt
of Pierce.' Lot northeast corner Green -and
Pierce sts., 108:6x137:8 feet ¦ Inquire ; of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real - Estate . Broker '
824 Montgomery st •
OWNERS of property or lots north of Valleio
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and in
Richmond, north of Park; and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. . J. GUNN, 630 California st. S. F. Sav-
ings Union 'building.- ' .. .V '
SIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
'flat houses In block between 17th, .18th, Castro
, . and Noe sts. ; % . cash, balance monthly pay-
ments ; Castro or Guerrero-st. ¦ cars. F. NELr-
; BON. builder.-- ;,;.;¦- ..v. ; - : . ¦; ¦¦' ¦ ,
$250 CASH, $6 monthly; lot 43 40-100x403. feet;
grand chicken run; 3-room cottage, chicken
house, sheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
water; large row of shade trees: near electric
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
lic grammar school; soil, climate and view the
very best: no fogs nor cold winds here; price
all told $675. Call or. send for circular, 455 7th
' st.,- opposite Broadway station, Oakland: car-
riage free. H.,2. JONES, owner.
OR sale-^Sacrlflce; new cottage; 4 rms.- easy
terms. Apply^ store, Montcalm and Alabama.
A NEW house of 6 rooms and all modern im-
provements for sale on easy terms. I Inquire
at 1630 Tenth ave.. ¦ south Golden Gate Park.
SUBURBAN tracts,' near Burllngame and
waterworks. MARK LANE, 634 Market st
opposite Palace Hotel. ; *
FOR sale— Beautiful new 7-room 2-story, house,
completed August 1; well built In every way;
modern in all particulars; lot 60x150; fine lo-
cation on Tenth ave.; 1 block from. car line;
15 minutes* service to Broadway; short dis-
tance to grammar school: reasonable walk-
ing distance from 4 churches: choice neigh-
borhood; elevated ground; fine view; price
and terms reasonable. B. H. WELCH, owner,
. 1379 Tenth ave.. East Oakland.
IF you are looking for bargains in real estate
spare time and see HE ALT & GILLESPIE.
630 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel. *
6 ACRES near Mills Seminary. Fruitvale;
splendid level land: bargain.: C. K. KING,
S52 Broadway. Oakland.
H.' A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale station. Cal
A lovely home residence of 11 rooms with all
modern improvements ; large corner - lot, lOOx
200; beautiful, ornamental .grounds; fine lawn;
choice fruit trees, etc ; located in- the choicest
part of Fruitvale; price reduced to $4500. For
particulars apply to .-.; '¦
: Chicken ranch of one acre— House of 5 rooms,
etc. ; barn,': cow shed, pigeon house, 4 chicken
houses,- one brooder house and brooder; good
well, . windmill and tank; water piped all over
place; one buggy, one. incubator, good cow, 136
chickens, 6 dozen pigeons, geese, tools, etc.; all
for $2200. • . ¦ ¦ ¦ : * , :
$1075— Cottage of 4 rooms, S closets/high base-
ment: all cemented; stable and chicken houses;
corner lot, 55x105; connected with .main sewer;
only four blocks from Fruitvale station. ,
$1150 — House of 5 rooms and bath ; stable, 8
chicken houses, fine . well, windmill and tank;
fruit and shade trees; lot 100x126; all fenced
and cross-fenced.
For sale in E. Oakland — $1000, $100 cash and
$12 monthly will buy a pretty cottage of 4 large
rooms and bath, high basement, good brick
foundation; fruit trees; lot 35x100; good neigh-
borhood and a big bargain. ; .
H. A: PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal
GREAT trade; 600 acres; Contra Costa County;
finest stock ranch In State; fine buildings,
See C. K. KING, 952 Broadway. Oakland.
2- STORY house. Oakland; convenient to cars
.cost $3500 to build: for sale $3000, lot and all
C. K. KING. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
CHICKEN ranch," Contra Costa County, near
Oakland; 6 acres; all. tools; horse; cow; fruit.
$2500. C. K. KING, 952 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; cor. 20th ave.
and 20th st, East Oakland;. $200 cash, bal-
ance $1120 per month.
$1000— House, 4 rooms, 1067 21st st, bet. 20th and
21st aves.; $14 per month will buy this
place.
$1350 — House, S rooms and bath, % block east of
Piedmont ave.. on Monte Vista ave.;
small cash payment, balance to suit
$2500— House of 7 rooms, modern in every re-
spect, 1 block from Piedmont car; on
Olen ave.; terms to suit ,
$2500 — Lovely modern house of 6 rooms and
bath; 36th st, bet. Telegraph ave. and
Grove sts.: cash or installment plan.
$6500— Large residence of 12 rooms and bath;
•fireplace in every bedroom; also steam
radiator: decorated gardens: large barn
, and outhouses; lot 150x140 feet; cor. 18th
ave. and loth st. keys at property every
day bet. 4 and 5 p. m.; reasonable terms.
;-r:V-;. U '"W. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st,
San Francisco.
ABOUT $20 monthly, including interest, will
buy a pretty, cozy Eastlake cottage of 6 large
rooms; conservatory, bay-window, hall, bath,
sanitary plumbing, brick foundation; living-
room and workroom In the basement; with In-
door stairs to the same; all in Al condition;
situate on the north or sunny side of the
. street; within two blocks of the local railroad
station; good neighborhood; a bargain; street
work all done and stone walks laid; handy to
schools and churches; occupied by the owner
and can be seen at any time; rent value $15
per month; house alone Insured for $1500;
owner selling on account of building In a lo-
cation farther out; total price of property only
$1500 on these easy Installments; small cash
payment balance monthly; liberal discount
for a quick cash sale; investigate at once.
. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500 — $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of S fine large sunny rooms, with porce-
lain bath. and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 (note
the size): near Grove st; street work all
done; pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. ' 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
of five large rooms; two bay-windows; bath,
laundry, high basement; lot 60x110; sunny
side; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold on monthly pay-
ments If desired. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive agents for this property,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— ON monthly payments; very pretty, near-
ly new cottage of seven rooms, bath. hall,
bay-window, high basement, brick founda-
tion, etc.. all In Sne condition; lot 37x150 feet
(note the size), with driveway and barn that
cost $200; street sewered and macadamized;
buildings insured for $1400; nice lawn in front
and back; abundance of flowers; house cost
$1500 to build; good neighborhood; handy to
schools and churches; close to Telegraph ave.;
street newly macadamized; cement walks
laid; rents for $14 per month; title perfect and
guaranteed; big bargain for the money; total
price $1800 on monthly payments; liberal dis-
count for quick cash sale; investigate this at
once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
Exclusive agents for this property,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CITY, suburban and country property-owners
who desire to effect a speedy sale are invited
to communicate with us; we have many In-
quiries from Eastern clients for California
properties. The American Guaranty and
Trust Co., 310 Safe Deposit building, San
Francisco. Cal.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
$900— CORNER lot, 46x120, Telegraph ave.*
$1400— Fire corner. 50x123, Scenlo Park
Tract. ' ... ¦
14500 — Stylish two-story 7-room and bath;
lot 50x125; with elegant furniture complete;
near university.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
• 607 California st
$3,800-^ well-built house of 7 rooms and bath
en the north side of - 24th st, near
Guerrero; fine lot, 25x87:6 feet , • "
EASTON. ELDRIDGB &• CO.,
. - ¦ «38 Market st.
MISSION HOME.
$4,000— Four good cottages of 3-4 rooms each;
on Alabama st, near 25th; rents for
0 . $480 per annum: owner desiring imme-
diate sale, has reduced price from $5000;
lot 80x100 feet. ¦ v . .
MISSION COTTAGES.
POINT LOBOS AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY
$5,000— Two stores and 6 rooms In rear; rents
for J800 per annum; large lot 60x100
feet, which alone is worth the price
asked. ,
remain at 6 per cent
ning to rear street; mortgage $3750 can
GUERRERO-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
15,250— Four well-built . houses, 8-9-6-4 rooms
and ; bath each; never vacant; rents
$624 per annum; could easily be- In-
creased to $720 per annum; near 16th
st. ; lot 30x124 feet more or less, run-
$8, 000— Two stores of 4-1 rooms; flats of S
rooms; cottage S rooms and a stable;
at a bargain; on a business of Church
Bt; present low rentals of J878 per an-
num, over 1 per cent per month, can
easily be Increased; large lot, 61:6x100
feet
MISSION IMPROVED CORNER.
$9,000— Three handsome, well-built flats of 6-6-7
rooms and bath; sunny side of street;
! modern and up-to-date; opposite the
Girls' High School; lot 27:6x96:8 feet.
SCOTT-ST. FLATS.
$12,500— A fine large elegant house on th* best
residence portion of Sutter st. : north
side of street; 12 rooms and bath; sta-
.,'•'.••.' tie in rear; plenty of light and sun;
•)¦¦' .excellent for a sanitarium; large lot
7«:4®164:S. ;.£*-V*
SUTTER- ST. MANSION.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$18,000— A nne improved northwest corner on
Folsom st, east of 8th st; lmprove-
> V ments 3 stores, 8 houses, 2 upper flats;
rents $1380 per annum: large lot, 66x
100 feet.
638 Market st
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
flEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE].
6TEINWAY, $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos, $150 up. w. c. Hamilton, 8 Flood bldg.
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERB!
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and Splelman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY'S. 308. 310. 812 Ppgt
ONE hundred pianos; 20 different factories rep-
resented; great car loads still coming. See
us at 933 Market st, opposite Mason (Brancn
store at 951 Broadway. Oakland. The WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Stelnway, J1S5 uo- Fischer
$100: Chiekering,' $165; 20 other*! renti "« Tup-
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
Tt ofh, h r a l^h a<1 a "J 0 * eale of Hazelton and
}^Z high-grade pianos this week, but have
stock left; we now offer a fine stock of me-
dium-grade pianos very special- terms mkt
3V lEnSS"""- ™ r *S
HE ZENO MAUVAI8 Music Co.'s strike has
been a very successful one, and they have
succeeded in placing more pianos at the low
prices offered than their most sanguine ex-
S^m" 8^ 10 , 6 ,?- F f r therest of thU monoi
we will sril at 20 and 30 per cent discount
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & BON, 16 O'Farrell .st
14,000 square feet of warehouse space.
280 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $156 up.
Second-hand pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand orrans from $25 up
Agents for ChlckerinB. Vose. Sterling- pianos.
Apollo, klnr of pianists, plays every day.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY St
CO. may be exchanged for a new Etelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some rood pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY 8t CO..
Etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
««.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st Oakland
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
fyni-r xvasto n — MAi-re-— c«m.
TTANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U. !
¦ S. navy: able-bodied unmarrt«d men of good '
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
!«f s than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to ppeak and read English. For
n:rther Information apply st the Recruiting
of flee. 40 nilis st. San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know '
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third Ft; 150 large
room*: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
£HOE cutters wanted. BUCKINGHAM &
HECJ5T. Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.,
San Francisco. Cal.
FOR SALE— First-olass hotel barber shop In
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th *t
WANTED— Jewelers. 32S Bush et.. 3d floor
room 4.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second
hsnd shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third st
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
ery st ¦ • .
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market «t
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS
Part Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No I
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom et
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
GET ycur *hoe* half-moled while waiting- 2S>
to COc. ES3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and !d sts.
WANTED-500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 823 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms- free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Mjbseriptions has been established at 10S6
\ alenrla ft . ¦
HORSES AND WAGOFS.
40 HORSES for eale: also wagons, buggies,
c«rtc, harness. Grand Arcade Home Market.
S?.r S , tx , st - : * uctlon eaIe8 every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TOOMEY bike cart, good as new. and rubber
«re phaeton. O'BRIEN'S, Polk st and
Golden Gate ave.
SECOND-HAND physician's coupe, rubber
tire phaeton, carts and business buggies.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk et and Golden Gate ave.
150 HEAD etock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. So Dor* St.. E. F.
FOR tale— 1 small team of horses, cheap: 1
wagon. 6935 Mission, opposite Ocean View.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 818 Harrison.
A BARGAIN In rood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; be sells too cheap. 64 Eighth et.
40 HEAD cf wcrk and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard Bt. '
FOR sale — A piano box top buggy; Columbus
make. E.. box 49S1. Call ofnee.
WAGON top. new; cost t28; sell for $15; 4 ft
J in. by 3 ft. C. *i Bernard st.
ALL kinds cf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
*tc. cheap. EOAX & SON. 2117 Mission et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camplrg wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1£ rarcs. cent to any address In th»
United Pt»ti~" or Oanafla cne year for H.
HOSPITALS. ¦
MFXTAL & nervous diseases cared for at St
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass et. Ban Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 22 Oak st, sunny side, bet Laguna
' and Octavia; S rooms and bsth.
I LOCUST ave., 624. bet Golden Gate and Mc-
Allister, nr. Lagruna— S r.. bath. base.. tl6 60.
HOUSES TO LET — FCKMSUED.
FOR SALE — Bargain, the nearly new furnish-
ings of a eeven-room flat, with or without
lease. 1249 California St.; no dealers.
IN SAN JOSE— Furnished house for rent or
lease; delightful location: beautiful grounds:
fruit and flowers: S minutes' walk from
depot Box 2295. Call office. Oakland.
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
8 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, paying more than half the rent Aj>-
T>?y at 79 South Park.
HOUSES WA1TTED.
FURNISHED house in the Western Addition
with not less than 4 bedrooms. Address, stat-
ing rent and all particulars. MANSFIELD
LOVELL. 22 California et.
EASTERN family of three adults desire to
rent for six months nicely furnished house;
seven to nine rooms; Western Addition. Box
4721, Call office.
WANTED— A nicely furnished house In good
neighborhood; best of references. Answer
MRS. T. N. HOLM, P. O. box 15. San
Rafael.
FURNISHED house wanted, eltnated In West-
em Addition; mnst be large, well-furnished,
modern house. Box 4SS2, Call office.
TV ANTED — House or lower flat of about 4
rooms: not over $14. Box 4S03. Call office.
SCBCRBAX HOLIES. ¦
PALO ALTO — Furnished house 13 rooms; good
location; all modern Improvements; piano;
to lease one year: $75. Box 115. Palo Alto.
HYPNOTISM.
EAN FRANCISCO School of Psychology—
Chronic and nervous diseases a specialty; all
habits cured: practical Instruction in hypno-
tism (simplified) and kindred sciences. 604
Parrott building: consultation free.
LOST AXD FOUND.
I/)ST— A red-crossefl Irish Better dog; answer*
to name of Bruno. Return to TAMM & NO-
LAN CO.'S Varnish Works. Utah and Ala-
meda ets.; liberal reward.
LOST— $29 reward; August 17, female foxter-
rler; no questions asked. Call or addresi
S735 Twentieth et
LOST — Pocketbook containing 5 railroad books;
also small amount of money. Return same
to T. S. MERCHANT. 212 DavU st; liberal
reward.
LOST — A purse with $45 In currency and small
amount of change In silver at children's play-
fTounds, on bench or near hothouse; reward.
€81 Clementina st
1/)ST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco In the
name of Amelia Kraus, No. 175-937. The find-
er will please return to bask.
$20 REWARD— "Watch, diamond setting, en fth,
nr. Folsom. Wednesday. Return 233 Blxth st
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Eutter st. needa oil
¦¦old to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; ; ertab. 1887; reliable &. con-
fidential: Msf 10c. MRg. HERTZ. 70S EMU «t
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and eternized, uphol-
•terr: Al carpet cleaning; honest work ruar-
anteed. BOPKB BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
MIKES AXD MIXIftQ.
MOSTEZUMA- COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
M0NTE2UMA--<X>PPER-COALr--C0KE.
"Don't despise th* flay of small things." Five
collars a month will buy (00 shares Mcnteruraa
Mir^r Company, operating big eopptr and ooal
tniaes near lit Rainier, Washington. It Is a
big, strong, safe company, working SO men tn
mines and mills. Some mines art producing}
ethers beisr developed. Eaares <par teIb* $1)
until September 1st, l£o cash or 21c ca laetall-
xnextts. AD Indications pol&t to these shares
being worth $1 tn less than two years. It be-
hooves the "forehanded" mia or woman to buy
chares In a mine Instead of m. "prospect" The
Montezuma has merit, as we can prove to the
satisfaction of the most critical. Ask for
printed matter.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Eellinx Agents, tifi Safe Deposit building,
San Francisco, Cal.
WILL sell 5000 shares of Mon trauma's non-as-
sessable coppcr-coal-coke stock at 16c per
fbare; In whole or In lots to suit purchaser;
don't wa!t; v.ill cost mere after the first Box
498g. Call office.
BIG . strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell small la-
C terert for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
" 7>ARP. 202 Parrott building, fifth floor.
WANTED— Old quartz mills, any size; this
State; rive particulars. Box 4563. Call office.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndomer. MORRKLL. 609 •Kxatniner building
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
S21 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building
low rate. 222 Eansome St., room 2.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER, 897 Parrott building.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JKNKEL. 817 Market st
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 EO; dress pants. $2 6a
• Misfit Clothing P.arlor. cor. Bush and Dupont
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privat*
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages &on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
FINELY furnished houses to rent for the.win-
, ter at reduced rates; choice improved and un-
¦ f . '. Improved • property . for ' sale; fine lot 67x130;
, will build to ¦ suit purchaser: - sun all ' day; 5
¦ I minutes , to depot ; I $300 down, t balance install-
; - ments. ;..., S. H. = ROBERTS, Real Estate ¦ and
¦ i iaaurance. M in .Valley.' C^v
MILL 'VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
Two new 5-room cottages; brick foundation;
all: modern plumbing L lot 40x120; 8 minutes'
walk from station; 3 minutes from electric
cars; price $1500; i- $100 down, balance easy
terms. HOME REALTY CO.,
Successors to Rudolph, Perkins & Lyon and
J. R. Perkins, Lorin Station.
Office on east side of station.
New -modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
three blocks from station; lot 40x100; price
$1400.
5-ROOM modern cottage; high basement; elec-
tric fixtures; porcelain bath and large wood
mantel; only one block from station; price
$1800. . ..
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Elegant nsw cottage, 5 rooms land
bath; modern improvements; large lot; on 27th
st, near Guerrero.' Inquire on premises. 'V
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
'iV.-- in good condition and always rented;
rents can easily be increased to $52; best
buy on Natoma st; pays over 18 per
cent on money . Invested.
$400 cash— $1000 Hibernia .Bank mortgage: .6
per cent; cottage on Langton Bt. ; lot 25x
80; street accepted; lot alone worth $1500;
a great sacrifice; sold by order of absent
- owners. ¦
$4150— Rent $45; reduced from $4250; $2500 can
remain at 6: per cent; Natorna St., near
8th; four flats and two -rear.; flats; allThe San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
way Company filed a^ statement Friday
with the Board of Supervisors showing it3
financial condition. The cost of construct
ing the road- was $2800 per mile. The re
ceipts for. 1900 were $299,347-19, and a cash
balance of $30,963 19 has been expended in
betterments. ' : .
Receipts of San Mateo Boad
Perpetually Enjoins Scalpers.
The injunction heretofore issued re
straining the ticket scalpers from dealins
in Epworth League excursion tickets was
made perpetual by Judge Murasky yes
terday. Judge Murasky found that the
allegations that the Southern Pacific Com,*,
pany was not acting in good faith and In
tended to permit certain fa.vored scalpers
to deal In the tickets to the exclusion o*
others were not based on fact.
Congressman Hepburn declined to be in
terviewed last night.as he was tired after
his journey and desired to rest.
- The primary object of the ¦ visit to ' the
coast is to greet Mrs. Roy Chamberlain
wife of the 'Collector of Internal Revenue
at Honolulu and daughter ¦ of ¦ : Mr; and
Mrs.' Hepburn, who is expected '< to arrive
here on the steamship China ; in two
weeks.' : ? JSUF<.feg*^SE :.¦¦.•¦ • ¦' '•> '.
Congressman and Mrs. W. P., Hepburn
of Iowa, accompanied. by their daughter,
Mrs. Thummel of . New, York City and
Mrs. Porter of Iowa City", arrived in -the
city last night and went directly -to, the
residence of A. H. Martin, 3434 Clay street
whose guests they will be during their
stay in San Francisco.
CONGRESSMAN HEPBURN
ARRIVES IN THE CITY
Harry N. Morse, ex-Sheriff of Alameda
County, has : filed suit- In .'the ....United
States Circuit Court against P; Heverin,
a street contractor,. and Oscar L. Rogers,
Sheriff, of Alameda ; County, to quiet title
to a lot of land-on'Newton avenue, Oak
land. -The property.' became delinquent
for an assessment of v $146 26 for street
work, and was sold by the Sheriff to Hev
erin. Morse "alleges that the Vrooman
actunder which the., sale is made is un
constitutional and void. >
Suit to Quiet Title.
A jubilee mission "will be opened In St.
Peter's Church this evening: by Rev. J.
L.. CNeil, O. P. The mlasion will con
tinue for one week. Father O'Neil will
be assisted by other Dominican Fathers.
The services will be at 5:30, 7 and 9 a. m.
and at 7:30 p. m. daily. All present at
any one of, these services each day for
seven days, who pray -each time for the
intentions of the Holy Father and who
receive the sacraments of penance and
the holy eucharist, will gain the indul
gence of the jubilee. V
There will be a/ mass meetirlg of col
ored citizens at the A. M. E. Zlon Church
this evening to protest against lynching.
Rev. T. Brown, .pastor. of the church,
will deliver ¦ the address. His subject
will be, "A Plea For the Protection of
the -American Negro from the Disgrace
oi tne Stake." -,i <%.«- . . -
¦There-will be a mass meeting- open to
b i? th v men and this afternoon at
2ffi£2; w i2'jS2L k »' o r Y — e Me °- °°
A new enterprise is to be in
augurated to-day at Steimke Hall, south
east corner of Union and Octavia street*.
..Rev. Henry, Baker, LVD., of the Metrnl
polltan M. E. Church.. Washington. DC
% ¦ ll w PI ?S 1 ch thte^oming in the Howard
r«= E Ii C * u^ h -« His sut) Ject will be "The
Gospel of the Heavens.*" In the evening
£££ Joh ,2 A - B - Wilson : will preach on
"What Christianity Includes." ?
Kev. William Rader of the Third Con-
The Naval Militia of California Is to go
on a cruise on the Philadelphia after the
Naval Militia of Oregon"., shall have
cruised on her. /There being a little doubt
as to the time when the California militia
could go on board of the vessel, Captain
Nerney, after i consulting with .'Admiral
Casey, > wired .the Navy Department -at
Washington and; received a reply, yester
day from • Admiral Growinshield as • fol
lows: "The ¦ department intends that. the
Philadelphia drill „ the militia. ~ Confer
Th*e two officers who found: themselves
without duties when four companies were
taken from the First Infantry to " create
the First Battalion of Artillery; and were
placed on waiting orders are still waiting.
All the companies are preparing for tar
get practice during the month of Septem
ber. ,' ' . ' ; - • ' . .-¦ " - V •;' , '¦'/''
There will be an election In , Company. C
of ; the -Fifth Infantry, located j at Peta
luma, for captain, vice Dlxon, term ex
pired. ' , , , . • - ' ' ' : . ¦
. Twenty-five men have been discharged
from the service of the • State out of the
Fifth Infantry— one at expiration of term,
twelve on account of removal, four , by a
two-thirds vote of the company, and eight
for the good of the ; service. ':,¦•,. ' .
: William Pierce has been commissioned
a second lieutenant; in the Fifth Infantry,
but has not -yet, been assigned. .; : ;
. The work of settling 1 the accounts of the
encampment recently held at Santa Cruz
by the National Guard Is - almost com
pleted and it is expected that within ten
days all claims will have. been paid. !..
National Guard Officers
Who Are Still Wait
ing Orders.
Special Services to Be
Held in St. Peter's
Church. " —
JUBILEE MISSION
WILL BE OPENED
CAMP GAGE BILLS
ARE BEING PAID
Odd Fellowship.
Grand Master Nichols visited Oakland
Encampment on the 23d inst., and while
Rev. John Stephens of Simpson Memo
rial M. E. Church will preach this even
ing on "The Debt of the Strong."
-J i< %'&. D v HutsinpiUer of th© Central
M. E. Church will preach this evening- on
"A Comprehensive Religion." s
Rev. F. K. Baker of the First M. E.
f n "Stirring Up the Eagle's NesV ant
in the evening on "A Wayside Ministry."
r£fZ\, M11 n On D ' B^ uck of- Trinity M. E.
£w* rC ? t w1 41 pr ! ac SL thl3 morning on
\Vhat Is That In Thine Hand?"
r^ eV \, F - .?,• Ford of the First Christian
Church will preach this morning on
K I e , p Yourselves in the Love of God."
DownH^s Llfe D " nS on " Becaus ® He Laid
r« R^ v i 75k E. Dugan of the Stewart Me
rno ?!? 1 c^urch will preach this morning
? n lne ..S£ 03S of Blood." and In the even-
L nS v^ OI \ T . ne King, the Kingdom and Its
Subjects.
tt R i* v 'i F ' Bradfonl Leavitt of the First
Unitarian Church will preach this morn-
V n £ °. n " <Th e Fourteenth Chapter of St.
JQnn. .
Rev. William Mackenzie of the First
Presbyterian Church will preach this
evening on "The Adornment of tho Mes
siah."
gregational Church will preach this
evening on "The Salt of the Earth."
"Christ Jesus" will be the subject of
discussion at the First Church of Christ,
Scientist, this morning.
Rev. E. D.. Woods of the. First Baptist
Church will preach this morninff on
"Moses and His Rod" and In the even
ing on "A Bad Bargain."
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
evening on "Why Would Ye Stone Him?"
Rev. John Hemphill of Calvary Pres
byterian Church will preach this moTn
ln* on "The Spirit of the World or the
Spirit of God— Which?" and In th© even-*'
ing on "Only Two Kinds of Men."
The members of Lincoln Corps No. 3.
Auxiliary to the Grand Army of the Re
public, were on the 22d inst. the guests of
Lincoln' Post, G. A. R., at a gramaphone
entertalnment given by Past Commander
H. W. Mortimer to his comrades. There
were old wartime memories and modern
music, which pleased all who attended.
Lincoln Belief Corps.
Aurora Lodge No. 202 of the Knights and
Ladles of Honor will celebrate the twen
ty-fourth anniversary of the foundation
of the order by an arpropriate entertain
ment in Mystic Hall. 421 Post street, on
the evening of the 26th of August. An
excellent programme has been prepared.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
At the meeting of California Hive of the
Ladies of the Maccabees on the 14th of
August two strangers were received by
initiation, one by card and one application
was favorably received. State Commander
Hall of the Knights of the Maccabees ad
dressed the members of the hive durfng
the evening. After the business session
the ladies of the hive had an "at home"
for their friends, the members of Pacific
Tent of the Maccabees and visitors, prom
inent among them being Lady Hare, lady
commander, and Lady Ida Leroi, record
keeper of Fraternal Hive. A feature of
the entertainment was the Lilies of the
Valley Mandolin Club, composed of little
girls ranging in age from 5 to, 12 years
all dressed In white and wearing a cor
sage bouquet of the modest • flower for
which the club has been named. It ren-
Ladies of the Maccabees.
P. J. H. ' Farrell, - who was connected
with the First \ Infantry of : the National
Guard of this State and went to the Phil
ippines with. the. First California Volun
teers as surgeon with the rank as captain,
is now in Chicago, where he has joined
the militia of ; Illinois and is surgeon of
one of the State regiments, with the rank
of major. • .
Master at Arms William P. Hanna,
Fifth Division, has been appointed pay
clerk and assigned ] to duty at Eureka;
Emilius V. Winnek, master at arms, first
class. Third. Division, has. also been ap
pointed pay clerk and assigned to ¦ the
Pinta; Seaman H. L. Tower has been ap
pointed chief paymaster's yeoman and as
signed to the Marion. • .... . • .
After the cruise the officers and men
will engage, in target practice at Shell
Mound. The firing will be at the" figure
instead of the circle target. -
Gunner Ole Oleson has been assigned to
duty. with the Fifth Diyislon of the mili
tia. .
Gunner George McNelll has been as
signed to. the United States ship Pinta at
San DieRO. . .
with Admiral Casey as to time." After a
conference it was determined that the
northern contingent of the California mi
litia shall leave this port about the 15th
of September, • that those on board shall
have a seven days' cruise and that'Imme
diately thereafter the southern contingent
shall go on a like cruise. Orders to that
effect will be issued during the week.
Hesperian Parlor had an old-time smoker
on the-22d Inst. in its hall at Sixteenth
and Valencia streets, when corncobs,
light refreshments and a collation were
served between ' numbers. After a short
address. by. S. Kelly relative to the order,
the parlor and the good time in sight,
Pianist Cuterps-on entertained with Instru
mental music after which there was a
programme of the vaudeville order, the
participants being Messrs. Spencer, Cush
ing. Samuels, Delaney, Mullon and Marks.
C. E. Schul, L. B. Daggart and E. Darby
were the "committee on trouble,"" and
they were ably assisted by James H. Rox
burgh. ..... ..... ,".:-¦-:, ¦ . . ;
All the parlors at this time are occupied
Stanford Parlor at its last held meeting
conferred the degree on several candidates
in the amplified form in the presence of a
large number of members and visitors,
and the work was highly commended.
The Native Sons.
The Oakland Gaelic League, Father
Yorke branch, will hold an open meeting
in honor of their San Francisco friends
to-morrow (Monday) night at the paro
chial' hall attached to Father King's
church, corner Jefferson and Seventh
streets, Oakland. At its last session the
Father Yorke branch * was entertained
with selectionsf in Gaelic and English by
talented members of the Oakland Gaelic
School, those participating in the even-
Ing's exercises being Principals Jamea
and Hanora O'Leary, J. R. Kelly, Ste
phen Mahoney and Principal M. J. Law
less. An election for president of the
branch resulted in the unanimous selec
tion of Mr. Lawless, who was largely in
strumental in' organizing the Father
Yorke branch. President Lawless, besides
having a good general knowledge of ths
Gaelic tongue, is the possessor of a culti
vated barytone voice, his matchless rendi
tion of Erin's sweet melodies placing him
in the foremost rank of Gaelic lyric art
ists. • •
Gaelic songs by Principals Deasy and
John Mullen were followed by Interesting
remarks in Gaelic and English by Princi
pal William Desmond, Thomas J. Can
non, Thomas Ward, J. J. Caniffe and The
odore Lynch. A communication - from
Mrs. Theodore Richards, president of Co
lumbia Circle No. 2, Ladles' Auxiliary,
A. O. H., was read to the meeting, ten
dering the hospitality of the Hibernia la
dies to the Gaelic school at an entertain
ment on Saturday evening in their honor.
Secretary Lynch was directed to an
nounce its acceptance with thanks for the
courtesy extended.
Father Yorke will arrive in Chicago
this morning in time for the informal re
ception to the visiting Gaelic delegations
from other cities. Prior to his departure
for the East,, accompanied by the State
executive of the Gaelic League, Father
Yorke was tendered a reception by the
local branches of the league in Hibernia
Hall. Interesting addresses by Rev. John
Nugent of St. Brendan's branch of the
Gaelic League, Rev. Father McHugh and
Rev. Father Lyons of St. Peter's branch
of the Gaelic League preceded an address
of considerable interest by Father Yarke.
At the meeting of the Father O'Grow
ney branch in Hibernia Hall last Tues
day night Rev. Michael, Giles of St.
Rose's added his testimony to the grow
ing Interest on behalf of the movement
by local clergymen.
The congress will listen to reports of
the growth and progress of the Gaelic
classes already established and will ar
range for instituting additional classes
among Irish-Americans and sympathizers
with the league wherever feasible. The
convention will be in session for two days,
the morning sessions being devoted to
business, while festivity and demonstra
tions in the Chicago Auditorium will oc
cupy the time of both evenings.
At the Auditorium the exercises will in
clude addresses by leading Gaelic sympa
thizers and speakers, including Rev. Dr.
Henebry, professor of Gaelic studies at
the Catholic University at Washington;
Right Rev.. Bishop Scanlan of Omaha,
Hon. John F. Finnerty and Rev. Father
Yorke.
The Rev. Peter C. Torke, State presi
dent of the Gaelic League of California,
left for Chicago last Wednesday morning
to attend the fourth annual national con
vention of the Gaelic League of America"
which opens to-day with a grand military
high mass at the Chicago cathedral with
a sermon in the Irish language by one of
the noted Gaelic pulpit orators of that
city. . The present convention will be the
most important Gaelic congress ever held
In this country, and the Gaelic societies
of Chicago have for several weeks past
been engaged in el a oo rate preparations to
entertain the visiting delegates and in
vited guests who are expected to be pres
ent from every State in the Union, as well
as from Canada. »•>¦
King Solomon Chapter had an exempli
fication of the . work .. last .week, after
which there was a< social < hour and the
serving of ice cream and cakes.
On the 17th inst. the grand patron, ac
companied by Past Grand Patron G.. L.
Darling and Past Grand Organist- Mrs.
Darling, paid a visit to the chapter in San
Mateo. : .' ' . . ,
On the night of the 22d of August Har
mony Chapter did not transact any busi
ness, but devoted the. evening -to enter
taining the members and visitors in a°so->
cial way. Among the visitors- were mem
bers of the order from Los Angeles, Oak
land, Alameda, San Jose and Massachu
setts. The function was in the nature of
an "at home," which was "superintended
by Worthy Patron R. N. Carson, assisted
by M. J. Savage, past patron, and Mrs.
Carter, past matron. Between -dances
there were mupic and recitations, con
tributed by Miss Heber, Miss Esther Lu
cas, the Misses Tucker, Miss Hauser and
Mr. McBain. The last named lady favored
with a zither solo. This chapter is mak
ing rapid progress and proposes .to be one
of the shining lights of the fraternity.
'On the eve of the departure of Cali
fornia Commandery. . Knights . Templar,
for Louisville, California Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star held a meeting
at which six candidates were elected to
membership. The chapter closed early to
accept the invitation of the: commandery
to attend the review at the . Pavilion and
witness the drill. The chapter attended
in a bedy. A goodly representation of the
members of the chapter were with, those
who left with the commandery on the fol
lowing day. There were -John Tonning
sen, patron; Mrs. Lizzie Tonningsen, ma
tron; Hiram D. and Mrs. Nichols, Will
iam and Mrs. Wankowski, Herbert C. Por
ter, T. H. Browne, G. J. Leibold, Clarence
Ayer, Judge Carroll Cook, Milton Nuger,
Brainard N. Rowley, Dr. J. W. L-ikeris
and Frank Zak, enough to hold
a chapter meeting at any time. The de
parting members were accompanied as
far as the mole by nearly one-half of the
membership, and there flowers, candy and
bonbons were showered on the worthy
matron. Before the train started the lov
ing cup was passed around and all were
wished a pleasant journey. - ; , ; ' *•
The Eastern Star.
The list of the supreme reporter for
September shows 131 deaths, all of which
have been paid, and there will be a sur
plus with which to meet claims accruing
during September, a condition which is
gratifying to all officers and members.
Norman Lodge is preparing a social for
its members and friends. An unusually
fine musical programme will be presented,
to be followed by refreshments and
dancing.
Grand Dictator Archibald addressed a
large attendance of Saxon Lodge last
week. The fourth degree was exemplified
by the officers of the lodge, and they
proved themselves very efficient, the worlc
being 'without book.
Dr. Lewis S. Mace has been appointed
medical examiner for district No. 1 of thld
city.
Liberty Lodge, which -will have two
candidates to initiate on the 26th, has
work to keep it busy for several weeks.
Yerba. Buena Lodge received four ap
plications on the 19th Inst. and will Initi
ate four on the 26th. Company B will give
an entertainment that evening— one of the
class that has of late increased the at
tendance.
California Lodge of Sacramento ten
dered an old-fashioned social to its mem
bers and friends last week. Invitations
having been issued to members* mala
friends under 50 and over IS and to lady
relatives. There waa a choice musical
and literary programme, ' after which,
there was dancing. Grand IMctator Arch
ibald was present. The function wa3 di
rected by K. C. Irvine, H. K. McLennan.
James Murphy and J. C. Cotton.
Knights of Honor.
Wow Wow Camp No. 2 of Junior Wood
men will be instituted in this city In a
short time. The membership will be lim
ited to those between the ages of 18 and
30. There is a like organization In Colo
rado which has a membership of 400.
The same night California Camp
initiated Charles L. Patton, Slg. Acker
man, Abraham Hochwaldt and AI. Leary
in the presence of fifty-eight members
The side degree team introduced Its worK
after the solemn part of the ceremonies
and the candidates discovered that it was
a, very attractive feature. After the work
of the evening the Hayseed Band took
possession of the camp and entertained
the members with such music as never be
fore was heard and then with refresh
ments and cisars.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the "World, at the meeting held on the
19th inst. in the Assembly Hall of the
Pioneer building, initiated in the amplified
form 113 strangers, the work, with the as
sistance of Golden Gate Drill Corps, being
exceedingly well performed. Among those
who were inducted into the mysteries
were Colonel Charles Boxton, Franklin
K. Lane, E. Myron Wolf, T. J. Lyons, J.
j; Lerman, P. J. Curtis, Will D. Shea,
Walter N. Brunt, C. H. Van Orden of
Phillips. Smyth & Van Orden, who was
the first to sign the application list to be
initiated at Fernbrook, but who from un
avoidable circumstances did not receive
the degree in full on that occasion; W.
W. Shannon and John Fouga. It was one
of the largest classes initiated in a camp
of Woodmen in this city.
Woodmen of the World.
America.
Will Attend Session of
Gaelic League of
FATHER YORKE
IS IN CHICAGO
The proceedings of the fifteenth annual
Grand Parlor session have beea issued.
They make a book of 242 pages, In which
the grand secretary has presented all that
was done in the grand body. The book is
embellished with portraits of LUlie O.
Reichling, the founder, and Mrs. G. "W.
Baker, the present president of the order.
There Is also an Interesting sketch of the
institution of Ursula, the-, mother parlor,
written by Miss Reichling.
Julia A. Steinbach and Lizzie Douglass
of Alta Parlor are arranging to organize
a new parlor in San Mateo. j 1
Margaret Brady of Amapola Parlor Is
the guest of Past Grand President Mae B.
Wilkins.
Miss Emma Dellwlg and Mollie B. John
son, P. G. P., are visiting Vallejo for a
short time.
On the 17th inst. Past Grand President
Lena Hilke Mills gave an excellent lunch
eon at her home, 405 Laurel street, in hon
or of Past Grand President Mollie-B.
Johnson. Miss Laura J. FraKes, grand
secretary, and a few others were at the
luncheon.
Dr. Millicent E. Falck, physician to
Fremont Parlor, has returned to this city
after a vacation. ~
After the business of the evening last
week the members of Golden State Parlor
were entertained with a farce entitled
"Better Late Than Never," presented by
the following named members: Mrs. D;
Worsdale, Mrs. B. Denahay, Miss M.
Ducker and Mits Millie Tietjen. All who
were present were delighted with the ren
dition of the clever skit.
On the night of the 20th of August Mrs.
Lucie E. Hammersmith, the genial re
cording secretary of Darlna Parlor, was
called to the front door of her residence,
1709 Oak street, and there saw on the walk
a large number of the members of her
parlor and of Oriental Rebekah Lodge, of
which her husband, Louis Hammersmith,
is a prominent member. Each was pro
vided with a piece of tinware, and as each
filed into the house deposited the article
she or he carried as a reminder to Mr.
and Mrs. Hammersmith of the tenth an
niversary of their wedding. After con
gratulations a. pleasant evening was
spent. Two members of Darina were con
spicuous by their absence.
Darlna Parlor, the parlor of beautiful
girls of the Western Addition, has for
saken its quarters in Franklin Hall and
has taken new quarters in the Red Men's
building. The change was celebrated last
Monday night by a social in the new
quarters. As all social functions of this
active parlor,- it was a delightful affair.
The parlor will give Its second anniver
sary ball In Golden Gate Hall on the night
of the 4th of September.
The Native Daughters.
Ancient Order of "Workmen.
The members of the local lodges of tiy
Ancient Order of United "Workmen are*
making arrangements to receive Suprema
Master Workman A. C. Harwlck and Ju
nior Past Supreme Master Workman Wal
ker on their arrival in this city in Um
latter part of October. Steps have been
taken to have a monster initiation at the
time of their visit, and committees of the
Grand Lodge and the local lodges are
working to that end.
At the last held meeting of Prosperity
Lodge a valuable ring was presented to
J. A. Connelly, the retiring master work
man, in recognition of his services whila
presiding officer.
On the 21st inst. J. J. Hayea, the first
master workman" of Valley Lodge and the
survivor of those who organized what be
came and still is the largest lodge in the
jurisdiction, was presented a miniature
badge of a past master. It is about two
and a half inches long and an inch wide
and was given to him In recognition of
the past services in the lodge and the
fact that when he went out of the office
there was no recognition of what he did.
The recipient was very much affected.
Deputy Grand Master Barnes announces
the following visits during September:
Paso Robles, September 3; San Luis Obis
po. 4th: Los Angeles, 7th; Riverside, Oth;
Santa Paula, 10th; Oxnard, 11th, and Ven
tura, 12th.
Silver Spray Lodge No. 3, D. of H., A. O.
U. W. f - had a banquet August 13 to cele
brate the close of a very successful mem
bership contest which added forty names
to the roll of the lodge. The tables were
beautifully decorated with flowers and
well supplied with tempting viands. The
attendance was large and was principally
composed of the members of Silver Spray,
as the banquet was strictly a lodge af
fair. Fast Grand Master Barnes officiated
as toastmaster in his usual entertaining
and humorous manner. The toasts were
briefly but ably responded to by Grand
Recorder Spencer, Brothers Malloy, Haw
ley, Blackman, Frost and Morrison and
C. of H. Sister Morrison, Sisters Cooper,
Malloy, Hollis and Kate Stewart. The D.
D, Sister McNear read some original
verses, entitled "The History of Silver
Spray Lodge." Altogether a most enjoy
able evening was passed. On Tuesday
evening, August 27, this enterprising
lodge will hold its monthly social at Ex
celsior Hall. There will be a literary en
tertainment and ¦'dancinsr.
. On the night of the 20th inst. H. K.
Maaa and C. E. Torres of Pacific Council
made Senator -J. W. Cutberth the guest
of ¦ honor at a private banquet given at
their residence, 1540 McAllister street.
There were present In addition to those
named ' Deputy J. N. Bunting, ex-Senator
F. H. Hastings. E. H. Hills and J. R. Me-
Gufflck. The supper was served in the
large dining-room, which for the, time be
ing was turned over to the National Un
ion men. The table waa tastefully deco
rated and the colors of the order were
prominently displayed. It was an enjoy
able affair that will long be remembered
with pleasure by all who took part.
California Council, at its meeting on the
21st inst., was presided over with that dig
nity for which Major W. A. S. Nicholson,
the president, is noted. Three strangers
were initiated in the amplified form and
one . ¦was admitted by transfer card. Un
der the head of good of the order Colonel
Joseph A. Wilson, the. speaker, took
charge and furnished a short programme
for the entertainment of those present.
Among those. who addressed the meeting
was Friend Gregory of San Jose Council,
who expressed great admiration of the
manner in which the work in the three
degrees was given, it being a revelation
to him. Captain Teddy Banz and Lieuten
ant McGuffick served a collation and
cigars. The council is working hard to
secure a prize offered for an increase of
100 members within a stated time. *
Golden Gate Council of the National
Union, which recently moved Into new and
elegant quarters in the Pioneer building,
dedicated the same by a ladies' night on
the 13th inst. The large hall, which Is
beautifully finished and furnished, was
crowded to its limit and after the audi
ence had been seated, the council was
turned over to Speaker W. \V. Cross,
chairman of the evening, who had pre
pared an excellent programme for the
members and their friends. The council's
quartet rendered "Rosebud Fair," Miss
Ada Blbby captured the audience by her
reading of "An Object of Love," a bass
solo by C. L. Parent and a soprano solo
by Miss Grace L. Davis followed. As an
encore the latter sang De Koven's "For
This"; C. L. Gage, barytone, sang "My
Dreams," after which there was a. vocal
duet by Miss Davis and Mr. Goettlng,
vocal selections by the quartet and other
members. After the programme a dainty
collation was served to all. This council
will soon organize a team to compete for
the membership prize.
National Union.
On the 20th inst. Pioneer Lodgo of th»
Friends of the Forest had a well-attended
meeting and there was considerable dona
in the line of advancement of the order.
The following night the membership of
this lodge, In company with the supreme
officers, paid a fraternal visit to Mizpah
Lodge in the Mission Opera Hall, on
which occasion there was presented a
beautifully embroidered regalia to Mr
Marian Hunter, who recently retired from,
the position of presiding officer. The mem
bership of the visited lodge was encour
aged by addresses by Supreme President
Mrs. Marquette Reed, Past Suprema
President Mrs. Raymond, Supreme Secre
tary Lena Sholten and others. Then fol
lowed a vocal solo by Mrs. Hyman, su
preme organist, the serving of Ice cream
and then dancing. Pioneer Lodge will
pay a visit to Lincoln Lodge to-morrow.
Friends of the Forest.
The entertainment that was given last
week by the members of the Companion
Court was a successful affair and was cal
culated to attract to the new organization.
The function was under the direction of
Companions L. Petroska. Florence Baine,
May E. Avery, C. A. Benjamin and Sadie
Murphy.
Court Seal Rock has arranged for a
bonbon party to be given in Devisadero
Hall on the evening of the 2d of Septem
ber. The committee of arrangements has
arranged a good programme for the even
ing.
Courts Friar Tuck and Madrone have
consolidated with Court Acacia and the
latter court has taken .new quarters in
the Pioneer building, where, under the
chief rangership of E. A. Mack, the com
bined membership is. holding Interesting
meetings and adding to its numerical
strength. ¦
The members of Companion Court Terba
Buena are paying visits to the local courts
with a view to, arouse an enthusiasm In
the membership to the end that- the aux
iliary branch of the order may be in
creased.
Court Yerba Buena of the Independent
Order of Foresters at Its last held meet
ing received two members by card and
had two applications presented to it.
Independent Foresters.
with preparations for the celebration of
the 9th of September in San Jose.
The reception tendered on -the 19th inst.
by Loyal Kebekah Lodge to the member
ship of Apollo Lodge is one that will long
be pleasantly remembered by .the forty
Apolloites who were the ' honored guests
of the evening. .The hall had been decor
ated with greens and pink flowers and
as each member of Apollo entered he was
furnished a boutonniere of like hues, and
when the brothers Jiad taken the seats
reserved for them they, together with the
officers of Loyal, all in white, and the
other members elegantly gowned, present
ed as pretty a picture- as has ever been
seen in a lodgeroom.' There, was. a for
mal introduction of the visitors to the
noble grand, Miss Wright, which was fol
lowed by an address of welcome .by her
father. Brother Wright. There was a well
arranged programme — a tenor solo by Mr.
Stevens, a brother of the famous Tlvoll
opera singer; a pleasing recitation by
Miss Linnie, enchanting solos by Miss
Edyth Decker and a recitation by. Master
Bardoi. There was also orchestral .music
and short addresses, after which-refresh
ments \vere served and . there was . danc
ing. .
The open meeting of . Oriental Rebekah
Lodge No. 90 on the 21st inst. was a suc
cess beyond the expectation of the com
mittee in charge. Prospect Hall, in which
the meeting was held, was crowded and
the programme presented was most en
joyable. Fannie Igo , entertained with
piano and vocal selections,'. Miss . Lorena
Daley of Oakland recited "Lasca" In a
creditable manner, Miss MacDonald ren
dered vocal selections which: were liber
ally applauded, but the hit of the even
ing was scored by Hazel Bert, the child
actress, whose versatility and cleverness
won much applause for her and she was
forced to respond to several encores.
Each of the entertainers was presented
a handsome bouquet by the noble grand.
The grab bag which was opened after
the show was in charge of Mrs. Lucie
E. Hammersmith and Lena Jarvls, "the
life of Oriental." Among the objects
drawn from it were many Mexican pot
tery curios, secured from Torres, Mexico,
by Mrs. Harriet Beckley, the noble grand.
Among the visitors was Mrs. Say ward,
mother of Mrs. W. G. Hlnton, a member
of the lodge. This stranger had that day
attained the eightieth anniversary of her
birth. She very much enjoyed the enter
tainment and her pleasure was enhanced
when the thoughtful and loving noble
grand presented her a big bunch of beau
tiful flowers. After the grab bag there
was dancing and the serving of icecream
and cakes. The very popular past noble
grand, Miss Mattle Webb, will supervise
the entertainment to be given by this
lodge on the 28th inst. ~
The party recently given : by Walhalla
Lodge was a most delightful function that
was attended by. almost . the entire mem
bership and by a large. number of friends.
These were entertained with a high class
programme of music, songs and literary
numbers, after which there was a dance.
The social committee of thfs lodge is do
ing what it promised, giving first class
entertainment to its friends. ¦••..• ¦ " . '
25th; Sequoia Lodge, San Andreas, ,26th;
Gold Quartz Lodge, Angels, 27th; . Key
stone Lodge, Copperopolis, 28th; Amicitla
Lodge, Murphys, 30th;. Elwood Lodge,
Wheatland, October 1; Minnehaha Lodge,
Marysville, 2d; Sodality Lodge, ¦ Smarts
vine. 3d. "-.'.-;• :'•• '' : - ' ¦
A new lodge has been organized at Ful
lerton. It is to be known as Fldelitas,
and one called Silver Link has. been insti
tuted at North Ontario. ... c- ! ; :
¦ Jubilee Lodge will give fc an' entertain
ment and dance on the night of the 17th
of September. -,• ;:- \ >. •¦ ¦ '
. ¦ Jackson Lodge, at ¦ Jackson,
September .-. 18; Plymouth Lodge, Ply
mouth, • 19th; I Volcano - Lodge, Vol
cano, 20th: Oleta Lodge. : Oleta, 21st;
Excelsior Lodge, -Sutter ;^Creek, 23d;
Calaveras Lodge, Mokelumne Hill, 24th;
Blue Mountain Lodge,' West .Point,
nRS. NELLIE MITCHELL, presi
dent of the California Assembly
of the Rebekahs, announces, the
following official visitations:
Bay City Lodge will entertain its mem
bers and their friends on September 3, the
44th anniversary of the institution of the
lodge.
The proposition presented to the Odd
Fellows' relief committee to the effect
that no brother of. the order shall serve as
a representative to the committee except
from the lodge: in which he holds his
membership came up for final considera
tion last Sunday and was defeated. Under
that decision of the body if a candidate
for representation in the committee Is de
feated in his own lodge he may go to a
lodge that may be indifferent about who
represents it and may be elected to serve
as its representative.
J. C: Dressell has been addressing the
encampments at . Sacramento and ad
jacent places in the interest of the grand
encampment at Fresno.
The meeting of the lodges of District
No. 55 on the 16th inst., under the patron
age of Apollo Lodge, was a great success.
The hall,, tastefully decorated, was
crowded and there were present represen
tatives of •Bay. City, Abou Ben Adhem,
Cosmopolitan and Excelsior Lodges -with,
the sitting, lodge. After the close of the
regular business of the evening by Noble
Grand Frank Van Ness Cox, tne meeting
was turned. over to Past Grand August
Doyle, who briefly stated what was ex
pected to be accomplished during the cur
rent fraternaL year, by District Deputy
Grand Master.. Harry D. Saville. Then
followed an excellent programme of
speeches by- George G. Burnett, P. G., a
charter member- of Apollo; Henry New
burgh of Bay City, J. Hundrup of Cos
mopolitan, -C..G. Maure'r of Excelsior-, W.
T. Webb, : president of the relief commit
tee; William B; Curtis. P. G. and degree
master of Excelsior; George Lewis, P. <*..
of Fountain; Frank Macbeth of Pacific;
W. C. Johnson, P. G., of. Apollo; Harry
D. Saville, D. D. G. M., and Wesley P.
Norcross, recording secretary of Apollo;
organ voluntary by Harry D. Patrick, P.
G. ; Xunnyisms by E. A. Street of Abou
Ben Adhem and Dr. Ira H. Bush of
Apollo, and recitation by N. D. Sickler,
also of Apollo. The meeting closed with
the singing of "Auld Lang Syne," led by
Bobby Burns of Humboldt County.
Henry George, -grand treasurer of the
Grand Encampment, who has been quite
111 for some time, is improving.
The • dedication of a new Odd Fellow
hall at Exeter recently was quite an event
in that place. ¦ The ceremony was by the
grand master and among the visitors were
Wesley L. Norcr6ss and J. J. Applegate
of Apollo Lodge of this city.
On the 17th inst. Grand Patriarch Gum
moe was tendered a reception by Union
Encampment of Grass Valley. During the
evening he was presented with an elegant
souvenir of the occasion.
there had the encampment degree "con
ferred upon him. Canton San Francisco
was present and assisted.
dered Instrumental and vocal selections,
being warmly applauded and. encored. Tho
little ones whose performances excited
the admiration of all were each rewarded
with a bunch of sweet peas. Sir Knight
Lewis of Pacific Tent snowed his appre
ciation of the little performers by treating
them to Ice cream. The ladies had a flne
sofa pillow for the most successful Sir
Knfght or Lady Maccabee and it was
awarded to Sir Knight Roberts of Pacifis
Tent. During the evening all were treated
to coffee and cake and the function was
voted a most delightful one. Mrs. Helen
E Piftnphrey, lady commander of the
hive waa the mistress of ceremonies.
TOLD IN THE ANTE=ROOMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25, 1901.
30
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
TONNESEN— In this city, August 22, 1901.
Cecilia T. C. Tonnesen. beloved wife of H.
M. Tonnesen, mother of O. T. Tonnesen, and
sister of John N. B. and Bernard Tellefsen.
a native of Christiansand. Norway, aged 47
years 10 months and 17 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in>-lted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, fi32 Grove street.
THILO— In Livermore, August 23, 1901. Carl
A., beloved husband of Anna Thilo, and
father of Charles G. Thilo, Charlotte Cooney
and Ollie Eaton, a native of Germany, aged
ES years and 20 days. i
IL>" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday)." at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1202 Pacific street. -Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
SENTZ— In this city. August 23. 1901, Rudolph
. Sentz, beloved husband of the late Minnie
Sentz, and uncle of Mrs. Emile Vogelsang,
a. native of Berlin. Germany, aged 69 years
5 months and 28 days. A member of Bernal
Lodge No. ID. A. O. U. W.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at X o'clock, from the parlors of
H. E. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween- Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of Bernal
Lodge No. 19. A. O. U. W. Interment I. O.
O.~F. Cemetery.
SHELDON— In this city, August 24, 1901, Adele
M. Sheldon, a native of New York, aged 36
• years.
SHERIDAN— In thi« city, August 23. 1901. Ed-
ward I., dearly beloved son of Minnie and
Edward J. .Sheridan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ared 23 days.
STANGENBERGER-In this city. August 24,
1901, August M., beloved husband of the late
Elizabeth M. Stangenberger. and father of
August J.. Llllie. George, Emily, Lena. Ed-
win and the late Alexander Stangenberger,
a ratlve of Germany, aged 78 years 5 months
and 14 days.
CCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the - funeral I to-day
(Sunday), at. 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, northwest corner of Montgomery and
Post streets, where the services will be held,
under the auspices of Crockett Lodge No.
339, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. . ¦ .
SCHUTT— In this city. August 22, 1901. Au-
gusta, beloved wife of Henry Schutt, mother
of- Freado. Helen, Henry and Baby Schutt,
daughter of Jurgon and Rebecca Schroeder.
and sister of Mrs. George Gieger, Mrs. Fred
Dettermering. Mrs. Anderson Tanzer, Mrs.
Jurgon Schroeder Jr. and Rudolph and Wil-
liam Echroeder, a native of Germany, aged
35 years and 6 months.
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, thence- to St. Rose's Church for
services, commencing . at 10:45 o'clock. . In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHAMMEL- In this city, August 21. 190L
Henry Schammel, beloved husband of Bertha
Schammel, a native of Germany, aged 71
years 8 months and 12 days.
Kooars wasted.
WASTED — 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms
north of Market. Box 49S3. Call office.
florist Co.
/\RTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .'^
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS 'SSSF. 5056
SPECIAL JfOTICES.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell eta.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. $40 Mie-
eion Bt.: tel. Howard 94L F. TV. ZEHFUSS.
EEKINS Van and Storaze Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates. . ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.: phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and Sth: other machines.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AJVD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
tiairing: lowest rate*: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
TO lease at low rent— A first-rate chance for
a restaurant In a downtown business location;
store, which can be fitted Into a restaurant,
¦ end basement, or S stories and basement. By
JOHN PFORR. 402 Pine et.
TO LEASE.
HARTFORD tvoewrlters: new. $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines 410 up. 2C9 Saneome.
Lew On. 27, corner Jackson street and St.
Ixmi* alley, and Chong Quay, 25, corner Jack-
con gtreet and St. Louis alley
Har Z 7 .. M - Ka ff°"l. 22. 234 Third avenue, and
wiSi Tingley, 23, New Whatcom.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
SL Manley Waterhouse, 31. New York, and
Mamie McMahon, 29. Nyack, N Y
Louis Sablier, 43. 1234 Stockton street, and
Ceiina Lavergue. S8. 1308% Powell street.
Alfred Anderson. 2L 1774 Howard street, and
Eadie Moriarity. 20. 1323 Utah street
Frediano Pardlni. 25. San Pedro, and Emma
Tardelli. 15. 1520 Stockton street.
Joseph Poucelet. 32. 49 Clara street, and
L*o:!ie F. Van Hecke. 23. 423 Gates street.
Robert W. Bennett, 26. 1604 Bush street, and
Ada H. von Poellnitz. 17, 15024 Polk street.
Robert Butler. 35, 200 Virginia avenue, and
Ella N. Brinkman. 27, city.
Benjamin F. McCrary. 64. 70 Hancock street,
and Ann Rody. 65, 449 Sanchez street.
Frank Torrano. 22, 443 Green street, and An-
gela R. Fortta. 16. 2 Filbert place.
Thomas P. Ryan, 23. 411 Clementina street,
and Frances A. Horan. 19. 1807A Howard st.
David H. Osterhout. 26. 122 Turk street, and
Adella Reynolds. 24, 122 Turk street. '
Jets* E. Wys'.nger, 36, Oakland, and Mae L.
Chapman, 29, Oakland. »
Joseph H. Peterson. 23. 627 Union street, and
Fannie Woods. 23, €27 Union street.
MAHEIAGE LICENSES.
ARCHER— MORSE— In this city, Aujruat 24.
190L by the Rev. Frank 8. Ford. Ira B
Archer of North San Juan, Cal., and Flor-
ence E. Morse of Forbestown. Cal. \
BUTLER— BRINKMAN— In tht« city, August
84, 190L by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Rob-
ert Butler and Ella N. Brinkman. both of
Eea Francisco. ~— ¦ _^ t
MARRIED
BORN.
CARCASS— In this city, August 23, 1801. to the
wife of C. H. Carcass, a son.
CLAYBURGH— In this city. August 24, 190L to
the wife of E. P. Clayburgh. I daughter?
ELEY— In this city. August 20, 190L to the
-wife of John Eley, a daughter.
FO £ 3EI ;~; I , n **>*« c"T. August 18, 190L to the
¦wife of Myron Folger, a daughter.
HEARNE— In this city, July 27. 190L to the
wife of Frank P. Hearne. a son.
HEENAN— In tbia city, August 20, 190L to
the wife of S. CHeenan. a daughter
HEROLD— In this city. August 19, 1S0L to the
¦ wife of Phil Herold. a son. 1W \J? tne
HILMER— In this city. August 23. 1901. to the
wife of Fred L. Hilmer.a son.
HOOPER— In Elmhurst. Cal.. August 13 190L
to the wife of William W. Hooper, a son.
JOHNSON— In this city. August 8, 1901, to the
v.-ife of Matthew C. Johnson, a daughter
KALASICH— In this city. August 24, 190L to
the wife of Marco Kalasich. a eon. •
KENNEDY-In this city, August 17. 190L to
the wife of Thomas Kennedy, a son.
KLEMMICH— In Fruitvale. August IB, 190L to
the wife of Alfred Klemmich. a son. ¦
TOVARAZ— In this city, August 24. 190L to the
' wife of Martin Tovaraz. a son.
%VILLIAM6ON— In this city, August 23. 190L
to the wife of Joseph F. Williamson, a aon!
1^.* * nd /«>-«» notices eent by
pall wil not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
6ons authorized to have the same published
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. jfe M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
A\D SUPPLIES.
GP.EAT BARGAINS In"t^PEVPTEUTERS^Xv>
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. Tbe Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 2S6.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
eultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
Catarrh po«1tively cured with Chicago Medlca-
tor: trial free: send for circular. S35 Mkt. r. 8.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10. tel. 0580.
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed:
positively no verbal agreemtns with agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor St.
BY September 1, five furnished housekeeping
room*: adults: state rent. Box 4966. Call.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WAXTED.
TOUNG man wants room with board anywhere
north of Sacramento and west of Van Ness
ave. Box 49C3. Call ofnee.
TKE Crocktr. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
HANDSOME back parlor, suitable for couple:
excellent table beard, etc.: other rooms. Ap-
ply S26 Haijrht £t.
EDDY. €16— Nice room with board in private
family; terms reasonable: one or two.
FIFTH. 119— Nicely furnished rooms with
board; gas, bath; $5 per week.
MCALLISTER. SIS— Large alcove single rooms,
suitable for 2 or 3 persons;, flne table board.
HOTEL Eepelfer. 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
c-scellent table: special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furniEhed parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
ROOMS AXD nOARD.
California. SCI— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
«"all. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
pos'ajre raid.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel» e<J at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore st.
$1 10 WEEK— Large sunny furnished room;
closet; bath. Call by S p. m. at S34 Folsom st.
TTTTtK. 116 — Single and double rooms suit-
able for housekeeping.
THE CKCILENE. S30 Van Ne«t ave.
Bnchelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
all Bunny rooms; references.
THK BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant r>iiteu;
TAYLOR, E1S— Large sunny back parlor, $12;
also small room, $6; gas and bath.
StTTTER. 1723— Parlor suite: also single room:
well furnished: reasonable: private; refer'es.
STJTTER, 1105— Furnished sunny rear rooms;
running water; closets; $9 per month.
STOCKTON. S32— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms. : run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
STOCKTON. 45— Nice large rooms. $1 per week
up and 25c and 60c night; gas; running water.
EIIOTWELL. 12L bet. 15th and 16th— Sunny
furrished front room; closet and bath; $3 50
I>er month.
FHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
JiOVAL House. 12fi Ellis— Incandescent light;
rfadins-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
Jcr; rooms, per night, 35c to tl 50; week. $2 to
JS: month. JS' to J20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished 'front suite
and Girdle rooms, $2 week up: transient.
OFARRELL, 591— One nicely furnished front
room in private family; reasonable.
(O'FARREUi, S32— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
DIED.
Albern. Carroll "W. Herold. Jacob
Carcass (Infant) Hochrelter, Maria ¦
Close, Theodore A. Johnson. Charles
Conn, Francis . Kangas, Robert
Connolly. JoseDh C. Meetz. Mathilde
Cotton. Abram M. . Pohley. Ellen -M. T.
Davock. Mary S. Putzman. Theodore
Dempsey, John Ryan, Nicholas
Duffy. Marsaret F. Schammel, Henry
Dukeshier. Alfred Sheldon. Adele M.
Ellery. William Sheridan. Edward I.
Fay. Ellen Schutt. Augusta
Fey. George P. . - Scanlan. Michael
Field. Sue V. Sentz. . Rudolph
Griesser. Mrs. Louise Stangenberger, A. M.
Haera, Frank * Thilo. Carl A.
Harry. Fannie Tonnesen, j Cecilia T.
ALBERS— In Alameda. August 24, 1901. Car-
- roll William, beloved husband of Anna F.
Albers, son of J. H. and Delia Albers. and
brother of George and the late Gus Albers,
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 3
months and 7 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, a.t his
late residence, 1613 Grand street; Alameda.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, via 12
o'clock creek boat.
CARCASS— In this city, August 23. 19&V Infant
child of-C. H. and Esther Carcass of San
Francisco, aged 1 day. . •
CLOSE— In this city, August 23, 1901, Theodore
A., beloved husband of Helen E. Clcas, and
father of Harold R. Close, a native of In-
diana, azed 64 years 6 months and 20 days.
CX .Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 655 Ellis street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
corner Guerrero and Eighteenth streets "at
9:30 o'clock. . ¦
CONN— In Long Beach, Cal., August 20, 1901.
Francis, beloved husband of Eliza Conn,
father of Mary A. Conn and the late Fred
J. and Frank W. Conn, and brother of Fred-
erick Conn, a native of Kent, Conn., aged
63 years - 6 months and 14 days. A member
of Alta Lodge No. 242. A. O. U. W.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1121 Hampshire street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, Joseph C, beloved
son of the late Joseph Connolly and the late
Mrs. Lydia Mylo, and nephew of Miss Jennie
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 9 months and 24 days.
(C7"Remains at the parlors of Carew &
Engljsh, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
COTTON— In Oakland. August 24. 1901. Abram
Mun:-cn Cotton, beloved husband of Cath-
arine J. Cotton, and father of Mrs. Maggie
Mitchell and Mrs. Hattie Miller, a native of
Pulaskl, Pa., aged 67 years 11 months and 9
days. .'
DAVOCK— In this city, August 24, 1901, Mary
Serena, dearly beloved daughter of Michael
K. and Nellie Davock, and sister of the late
Catherine Lucille Davock. a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years and 2 months.
DEMPSEY— In South San Francisco, August
23, 1001. John Dempsey, dearly beloved hus-
band of Catharine Dempsey, and beloved
father of James Dempsey, Mrs. Frank Sha-
ler and the late Mrs. John O'Leary, a native
of County Kildare, Ireland, aged 63 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1811 Twelfth avenue south, between. P
and Q streets south, thence to All Hallows'
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUFFY— In this city. August 24, 1901," Mar-
garet F., beloved wife of Patrick T. Duffy,
mother of Rose M., John P., Frank A. and
Marguerite C. Dufty, Mrs. James Burke
and Mrs. William Hill, sister of Mrs. Ellen
Duffy, and aunt of T. Anselm Duffy, a na-
tive of Thurles, County Tipperary, Ireland.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 27, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, E2 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUKESHIER— In this clt". August 24, 1901,
Alfred, dearly beloved son of Arthur and
Carrie Dukeshier, and brother of Fredricka
Dukeehier. a native of California, aged 6
years.
ELLERY— In Santa Cruz, August 24, 1901,
William, beloved husband of Rosalia H.
Ellery, father of Augustus and Edward El-
lery and Mrs. Amanda Wedvlg, and brother
of Franklin Ellery. a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 73 years 5 months and IS days.
FAY— In this city. August 24, 1901, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Michael Fay, and mother of
Stephen. William J., Edward, George H.,
Aunie and Thomas Fay, Mrs. Mary Rut-
ledge, Mrs. Kate Dougherty. Mrs. Emma
Sullivan and Mrs. J. Rowan, a native of Ire-
land, ased 60 years.
FEY— On steamer Pomona, August 23/ 1901,
George P. Fey, dearly beloved husband of
Stella E. Fey, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio,
ag»d 49 years 7 months and 21 days.
FD3ILD— In Oakland. August 24, 1901, Sue Vir-
ginia, wife of the late Justice Stephen J.
Field, and sister of Mrs. J. Condlt-Smith,
Mrs. George E. Whitney and Mrs. A. B. Me-
Creery. a native of - Louisville. Ky.
GRIESSER— In this city, August 24, 1901, at
her residence. 261 Stevenson street, Mrs.
Louise Griesser, beloved mother of Mrs. M.
Palm, and grandmother of R. H. Palm and
Mrs. A. Russell, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged 95 years 2 months and 17 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.' In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAERA— In this city, August 23, 1901. Frank
Haera of Midway, Alameda County, Cal.,
beloved husband of Cecilia Haera, father of
Mrs. Henry Brink and Armor and Henry
Haera, and , brother-in-law of Martin and
Marcus Fischer, a native of Schlesien. Ger-
many, aged 68 years 1 month and 7 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
August 27, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors o£
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd - Fellows'
Cemetery.
HARRY— In Alameda, August 24, 190L Fannie
* Harry, .beloved wife of J. R. Harry, and
mother of Ethel Maude Harry, a native of
Canada, aged 33 years 3 months and 24 days.
C^Friendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1519 Mozart street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HEROLD— In this city, August 23. 1901, Jacob,
beloved brother of Reno and George Herold,
a native of Ean Francisco, aged 19 years and
2 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd
Fellows'* Cemetery.
HOCHREITER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. August 23. 1901. Maria Hochrelter. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 87 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, August 23, 1901,
Charles Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
68 years.
KANGAS— In this city, August 22. 190L Robert
Kangas. a native of Finland, aged 61 years.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEETZ— In this city, August 24, 1901, Ma-
thilde, beloved wife of the late Theodore
Meetz, a native of Germany.
POHLEY— In this city, August 23. 1901, Ellen
M. T., beloved wife of Jacob Pohley, be-
loved mother of Mrs. H. Clark and Joseph,
Willie. Eva and George Pohley, daughter of
James Nash, and sister of Mrs. P. G. Hunt
and Thomas J. and James M. Nash, a native
of Buffalo, N. Y., aged 42 years 7 months
and 8' days.
PUTZMAN— In Los Angeles, August 21, 1901,
Theodore M., beloved husband of Elsie Putz-
man. and brother of Robert and Emile Putz-
man. a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and 8 months.
ITTTriends and are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from the residence of his aunt,
Mrs. W. Gable, 763 Hayes street, between
Buchanan and Webster, at 2 o'clock. A
member of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O.
E. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, August 23, 190L Nicholas.
dearly beloved husband of Mary Ryan, a na-
tive of the parish of Inch, St. Lawrence,
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 56 years.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 533 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where & solemn high re-
quiem ma?s will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at. 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCANLAN— In this city, August 23, 1901, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of the late Mary Scan-
lan, father of Mrs. H. Culllnane, and grand-
father of David, Edna and Harry Cullinane,
a- native of County Clare, Ireland, azed 69
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
iSnecessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the' L/nlted Undertakers' Association: M.
J. McBrearty, with • the same company for
10_years; P. F. Green, late with J. C.
O'Connor & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN^ROsn
Funeral Directon and' Embalmera.
- . 81 EDDY STREET.-
Telephone . South 252. San Francisco.
__Ng_CoTiBection_JWlth Any Other House.
OTAREELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Furnished bay
window room; sun all day; double bed; $11
"St, near Fourth — 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closets.
MISSION, 1121— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
rent reasonable.
UOOSXS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
Sincere thanks Is respectfully tendered to
the many friends of the late Thomas Gal-
vln and to Company D. First Regiment In-
fantry, N. G. C, for the kindnesa extended
to his mother during her recent bereavement.
MRS. SUSAN A. GALVIN.
CARD OF THANKS,
• ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the Scan-
dinavian Church, Howard street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment Odd Fel-
lows" Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
London Market.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— To-day ww > holiday
WASHINGTON, Aur. 24.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury j balances In the . general
funa. exclusive, of the J150, 000, 000 gold- reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail,
able cash balance, I176.6W.940; gold; $105,269,973
Condition of the Treasury. „'
NEW TORK, Aug. 24.— The -customary ten
dency to take profit* at the close of a week
cf rielng prices wa» offset to-day by the buying
EttractW by the highly favorable character
of the weekly reviews of commercial condition*
by the mercantile agencies and by the settle
ment of the Franco-Turkish troubles. The
London market vn called for a holiday to
dar. 60 the demand .for American eecuritle* ln-
Cucd by the later developments came directly
Nipon the New York market. There was some
profit -taking before the appearance cf the bank
iis.ii.nu nt end again in the &azl dealings, but
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The company expects to have four or
five plants in operation In Tuba County
within a year. s A number of locations
have been made.:' Water -for. power will
be taken from Oregon Creek and the us«
of electricity. will reduce the expense* of
crushing quartz ¦ matejiaiiv.
MARYSVTLLE, Aug. 24.— Mining in
Tuba County will take on the appearance
of a boom during the coming six months,
as Js evidenced by the locations of quartz
claims and sales of land for dredge min
ing. , John H. Ryan of y the Union Mutual
Mining and Development Company of San
Francisco and F. E. Wright will leave
this city to-morrow for Bullarda Bar.
where they will construct a mill and oxi
dizing plant. Butterfleld. the inventor of
an oxidizinsr roaster that will success
fully treat ¦ low grade sulphurets. Is a
member. of the company an« joined the
party here to-night.
OXIDIZING PLANTS
FOR YUBA COTTNTY
•APPLES— 75c@|l 25 per box for good to choice
and 85©65c for ordinary. '.-¦ ¦"¦¦-.
CRABAPPLES— 60c@$l 25 per ; box, according
to package. •. •¦ ¦•">•••.-¦>
PLUMS— 25@60c per box ; Prunes, 35@85c per
crate; -Washington .Gages, ,$20 per ton: Eee
Plums. $10@20 per ton. ¦.,¦¦ -, . - ... ,'
PEACHES— 25@B5c • per .box - and $20023 per
ton for frees and $35@45 for. Clings; Peaches in
carriers; M@75c, according, to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 60@75c per box. .
' NECTARINES— White, per box;, Red. 40
®75c. ¦'- ¦ ' ¦ ¦- .:¦¦¦•> ¦ ' ' ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - . . ¦ ¦ '
PEARS— Bartlotts, Jl@l 50 per box for. No. 1,
6. r >@SBC for No. 2 and $30®40 per ton; other
Pears, 25ff50c per box. ¦¦; .--. ¦> • • / • ..
i QUINCES-5O075C. . ,' . -. , '
DECIDUOUS I FRUITS.
! Extra .fine Bartlett Pears, green, clean and
suitable for shipment, are bringing $1 bo per
open box, and «ven poor stock has advanced
materially during the past several days. Good
Peaches are steady at full figures, with mod
erate supplies. Plums and Prunes, which have
been easier of late, are showing more steadi
ness again.- Quinces are bringing more money.
Melons are selling better, owing to the warm
sunny weather, but' prices have not improved
much yet. . ' ¦ • : .¦¦•¦¦¦.¦
H Supplies of Grapes continue to increase and
the market Is easy.. ... .¦
There is nothing new in Oranges; Lemons or
Limes. '-.-':- -. . . -
Apples are steady, and stocks are not too
larce. <¦ . ' . . . . . ,. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
HollistM— Big harvest In lowlands In San
Juen Valley will begin Monday: Large crop.
Hanford— Favorable weather for crops. Can
rArg crapes.
N2ps~Cora In JcwUnfls doing well.
Fan Jom — Voe in early morning. Fruit con
ditions remain unchanged. -.'•'
' Palermo— Weather favorable for all crops.
Ventura— Walnut crop of county estimated at
Ssnta^Maria— Clear end cool. Grain thresh
,rg. Beans .till «*™ ' .
Assistant Section Director.
*
paid to-morrow by the New York and Honduras
Rosario Mining Company.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Aug. 24—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4squarcoup...H3 113!i 4s quar (new).137 133
4s quar reg.. ..113 113W 3s quar coup..lOS*4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5a.l06% — Oceanic SS 5s. — 103
Cal-stSs 117%— Dmnibus C 6S..130 —
$L C T Water 5s ' 10^ - Pac G Imp 4s. - 10O
£ h. % P «s.13H133Js Pk & Cl H 6s.lO3 112^4
Ter & Cl R 6s. - - Pk & O R 63.117 -
S 6^; 81 03 "" — — Fowll-st R «a.l20 ' —
H C & S 5%8.106i4 — Sac E G R 5a. 95 —
_ Do s »' — — S F & SJV 5s.l2:?ii:3\4
L0 3 An? R 5S.118 117 Sierra Cat St.. -* _
L t£ Ust ? 6s ' 101^ ~ S P of A «s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (19C0) U2*£ —
Do gntd 5s. .102 — (1910) 113H
LA & Pac 68.102% - S P of C 6s
" 1 ._PP. X . e*» f"-,ri — O90S>. Ser A.109 110
Mkt-st Cab 68.12S — (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 5s.l24!i — ,1306) 1121i —
S 6^ 0 , 1^ I slC 2 m O912 > 12W3
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Cal lsf
Do 5s 119% — e gntd 5a ...107 —
>.or Pae C 6».101 — S P Br Cal «s.l36%133«4
Do 6s 106% - 8 V Water 63.114 -
Nor Cal R 5s. 110 113 Do 4s 102*1 —
Oak Gas 5s.... 113 — Do 4s 3d mtglOlS — •
Do Trans 6s. 113 120 Stktn Gas 63. .104 —
Do Water 5s. — 102%
WATER STOCKS. •
Contra Costa.. 77% 7S%{ Spring Valley. g5H 86%
Marln County. 61 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC. v
Cent L & P... 4 — Pac Light — 47
Equitable 5 5U Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 5K .5V4 S F G & E.... ti\* 40
Oakland — 52^ San Francisco, fii <tf
Pac Gas Imp. 36 28 iStktn G ft E.. -I —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 I ¦ :
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 |L P & A. 153 180
California .... — 438 • Mer Ex (ltq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..l08 — S F National. 127%12»
First Natlonal.305 — | . .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1880 1900 Sav & Loaa... — '•''>
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Murual Sav.... 82 — Union Trust..l40O —
San Francisco. 520 —
'STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — .OSL&H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio » 40
Market 76% 76T«
POWDER.
Giant 78%— JVigorlt ....T... VA S£
SUGAR.
Hana I — Kllauea 11% 13U
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell ..... 2S —
Honokaa. 12 — Onomea ..;.... 23 2S
Hutchinson ... 13% 14 ' Paauhau 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 129 — Oceanic S Co.. 4*H 42U
Cal Fruit Can. 95 VI Pae Aux F A. a —
Cal Wine Asn. 95 100 Pae C Borax.. 165
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint M —
Morning Session.
Board—
B5 Contra Costa Water 78 00
60 Giant Powder Con 75 25
15 Kllauea Sugar P Co 13 CO
40 Market Street Railway 76 75
5 Oceanic Steamship Co iZ 50
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 41 so
45 Oceanic Steamship Co 41 CO
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 SO
112.000 S P of Arizona (1910) 113 37^4
|5,0C0 S P Branch Railway 6s ....136 SO
25 Spring Valley Water S3 73
$40 United States 3s (coupon) 10S 25
200 Vigorlt '. 3 25
Streetr—
110,000 Los Angeles Railway Es .....116 50
$5,000 Market Street Cable 6s 12S CO
3 S F National Bank 12$ 00
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1910). 113 37^i
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Bay City ...: 39
1C0O Bear Flag .....* 12
2 Hanford 123 00 j
3 Hanford 121 CO
SCO Home 3 SO
230 Home 2 95
1000 Independence 13
1000 Independence . 14
1C00 Junction '. 23
350 Junction 30
100 Junction 31
500 Lion' 11
200 McKittrick V 30
100 Monarch of Arizona 29
200 Monarch of Arizona ' 30
100 Monarch of Arizona; 31
100 Monte Cristo 2 CO
33 Occidental of West Virginia 50
200 Oil City Petroleum 29
1C0 Peerless 5 75
17.000 Petroleum Center 05
1000 Petroleum Center 6fi
100 Reed Crude 38
40 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 50
150 San Joaquin Oil & Development...... 9 3T'-i
750 Sterling 163
400 Sterling 1 60
100 Starling 1 62'i
300 West Shore 3 20
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. j
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Hanford 024 00
250 Hanford Fresno & Kern River - 13
200 Home Oil -. 3 S5
200 Home Oil ....: 3 90
500 Junction 2S
2300 Lion 12 -
100 Monte Cristo 2 05
300 Monte Cristo. s 5 2 6o
50 Peerless 5 95
1000 Reed Crude 88
400 Sterling 1 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In ta« Baa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
6C0 Challenge 23 300 Crown Point... M
200 Confidence 1 00 ICO Mexican ..." 13
100 Confidence 93 800 Yellow Jacket.. 25
The following were the sales ia the PaciSo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 03 600 Crown Point... 65
300 Caledonia 22 400 Sierra Nevada. 13
200 Challenge Con.. 26 200 Silver Hill 33
600 Challenge Con.. 24 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
2CO Con Cal & Va..l 75 400 Yellow Jacket.. 22
200 Crown Point... C6 300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Aur. 24—12 m.
Bid. Ask. - Bid-Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice ot 0$
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 04 05 Mexican _ 13 13
Best & Belcher OS CD Occidental 03 " 03
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 77 79
Caledonia 23 24 Overman- 09 10
Challenge Con.. 23 24 Potosi 04 03
Chollar - 04 05 Savage 05 06
Confidence 97 90 Scorpion ....... 04
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 SO Seg Belcher .... — 02
Con Imperial..! — 0-i Sierra Nevada. 12 14
Con New York. — 91 Silver Hill 31 33
Crown Point... 66 66 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con..... 13 —Standard —3 50
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 09 10 Union Con 09 10
Hale & Norc... 24 26 Utah 05 06
Julia -• — 02 Yellow Jacket., a 24
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Men and Women."
Tivoll— "Meflstof ele."
California— tRosemary.'V <- ! ~\ '~~ .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Wheels Within Wheels" to>mor-
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house— "Brother Offlceri."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets-
Specialties. .,-v
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening. - . >¦¦ ¦
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Ringling Bros.' Circus— Folsom and Sixteenth
streets, to-morrow.
State Fair and Exposition, Sacramento—Sep
tember 2 to J4.
The regular and extra dividends of 10 cents
•ach per share, amounting tq J30.000, will • be
The regular and extra dividends of 23 cents
per chare by the Homestake • Mining Company
will be paid to-morrow, : the two aggregating
jio5,eoo. ..¦¦¦•¦ • •- : ¦ ¦ .......
. The Makawell Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 40 cent*, to-morrow. '.
The Geary street, - Park : and Ocean Railroad
Company has declared "a dividend of 50 cents
per share, payable on the 25th. ¦ This dividend
makes 161 that have been declared by this cor
poration and amounts to $5000.
The lawsuit of the Home Oil Company against
Mrs. Hearst has been compromised. By the
terms of the agreement the company will han
dle its own output. • • Mrs. . Hearst pays $60,000
in cash and $60,000 in payments of $5000 each,
the first of which will : be made January 1,
1902. and one of the same amount the first of
each month following, until payment is com
pleted. Mrs. Hearst also pays $10,801 for oil
delivered In May and June and not paid for.
She also agrees . to take 2000 barrels of oil per
month for a term of two years at 85c per bar
rel f. o.- b. The company also agrees to pay
Mrs. Hearst $11,998 for the tank. This at once
places Home Oil Company on a dividend basis,
there being enough money in hand to insure a
10c dividend per month for twelve months.
Assessment No. 4 of 6c per share on Han
ford-Fresno-Kern River became delinquent on
the 23d.
> Sales on the' Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were the heaviest for a long time, being
104,847 shares, valued at $62,340, the leading
sales being as follows: Bear Flag, 3100 shares;
Caribou. ' 1500; Home, 7865; Independence, 3400 ;
Junction, 11,450; Lion, 3050; Occidental, 1303;
Oil City, 1300; Petroleum Center, 45,800; Reed.
11,600; Senator, 1000; .Twenty.Eight, 1000: Ster
ling,. 4800. . .. --¦¦, . -
Thei-e was a lively business in oil stocks. Pe
troleum Center led. at 5@6c. Sterling sold at
$1 60@l 65. Hanford was lower at $123<g:i21.
Home • was - flrm at $3 90@3 95. ¦ Junction ad
vanced from 26c to 31c, and San Joaquin to
$9 50. -
For Saturday, business on the Bond "Exchange
was good, but fluctuations were few. Oceanic
declined* at $42 50@41, ' and Contra Costa Water
advanced to $78. Paauhau sold at $13 50.
, Butter and Eggs have again advanced. Re
ceipts are light, but the Mandalay falls due
to-day with a large line J of northern Butter,
and there Is more or less coming out of cold
storage every day. The same may be said of
Eggs, though the cold stoage stock has not
thus far checked the advance, and stocks are
moderate. '.' ¦ - ¦
There is no scarcity In Cheese. . -- ¦*
Receipts were 34,500 pounds of Butter, 647
cases of Eggs, —7- cases of Eastern Eggs, 2500
pounds of California Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese. • •
BUTTER— Creamery, 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 25c for seconds; dairy, lS@24c; store But
ter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18020c*
Pickled Roll, 17@lj)c: Keg, 16@I8c per lb. '
CHEESE— New, lie; old. nominal; Young
America, ll%c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. '
EGGS— Ranch, 24@27%c for good to fancy
Btore, 17@22c per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
Flour, qr sks .... 6.940 Hay, tons ¦....;¦...¦¦ 257
Wheat, ctls 24,321 Hops, bales . . 11
Barley, ctls 59,803 Shorts, sks 200
Oats, ctls 5,978 Wool, bales .;:;.. 356
Tallow, ctls 310 Leather, rolls ... 307
Corn, ctls .". 125 Wine, gals .21100
Beans, sks 300 Pelts, bdls 345
Potatoes, ski ... 4.4S3 Hides, .No ...... . 6£)
Onions, sks 1,440 Chicory, bbls 10
Bran, sks 3M Quicksilver, flsks 1
Middlings, sks... 350
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 24.
Receipts of Produce.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ . . ¦..-¦> Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 7U ¦ 5 8%
Closing .5 7^ "5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— , . Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening.. ....2165 22 40
Closing 21 50 22 50
Flour— ~- -. :
Opening 27 50. . 28 50
Closing.... 27 45 28 45
Eastern Livestock Markets.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $5 30
(H6 30; poor to medium, $3 E0@5 20; stockers and
feeders, steady. $2 25@4 25; cows, $3 40@4 25;
heifers, $2 45@4 90; canners, $1 25@2 35; bulls,
$2 250145; calves, $3@5 25; Texas grass steers,
$3 40@3 75; Texas bulls, $4@5.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 17.000; Monday, E3,
000: estimated left over, 1500 head. Market
strong. Top, $6 35. Mixed and butchers', $6 00
@6 35; good to choice heavy, $5 75@6 35: rough
heavy, $5 60®5 70; light, $5 65(^6 10; bulk of
sales, ?5 E5®S,15.' ' - ' ' ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500: steady. Good to
choice wethers, $3 76@4; fair to choice mixed,
$3@3 35; Western sheep, $3@3 90; yearlings,
$3 25@4; lambs, natives, $3@5; Western lambs,
$3 75@5. . ' : J
. ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 24.— CATTLE— Re
•celpts, 115; market nominal. ! Natives, $5@5 50;
cows, bulls arid stags, ' $1@4 60; stockers and
feeders, $2@3 90; veals, $2 25@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 6411. Market 5c lower, but
generally steady. Light and light mixed, $5 90
@6 17%; medium and heavy, $6@6 30; pigs, $3
@3 15. •••-'¦'... » ¦ • •¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ -
SHEEP— Receipts, 327. , Top native lambs, $S.
New York Metal Market. ~
. NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The volume of busi
ness transacted In the local market to-day was
very small. Demand was chiefly of a charac
ter meeting well defined wants and values
were without material change. The absence of
news from abroad had a depressing effect upon
b "tW-wJs quiet, at $26@26 25. " . . ' '
. LEAD Dull ; $4 37%.
SPELTER— Steady; $4.
COPPER— Lake, nominal, at $16 60@17; cast
ing, $16 37%@16 62%. '
PIG1RON— Warrants, dull, at $9®10: No. 1
foundry, -, Northern, - $15<3>15 60; No. 2 foundry
Southern, $14014 60; No. 1 foundry, Southern,
$14 7»i&lo 25; do soft, $14 75@lo 25. ¦
Exports and Imports.
-NEW TORK, Aug. -24.— The Imports of
specie ¦ this . week were: Gold. .. $56,581; sliver,
$48,519; dry goods and merchandise, $8,995,253.
Exports t of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for - the - week i aggregated
$665,950 'silver bars and coin and $3260 gold.
., New' York Cotton': Market. |
NEW "YORK,- Aug. : 24.— Cotton closed steady,
with prices 8 to U points higher. .
' ';; ¦;¦¦- Foreign Markets;^
LONDON, Aug. 24,-Sitver, 5 26%d; French
rentes,- lOlf 65c ; wheat cargoes on : passage,
quiet and steady;". Walla' Walla' 29s"3d; Indian
shipments of '-wheat 'to United Kingdom,- 28,000
qrs: do Continent, 44,000 qrs. :'„- ;. ,• .. ¦, ¦¦<¦•¦
- LIVERPOOL, Aug. 24.— Wheat,", quiet; . No. 1
standard Calif ornla.;6sfl6s J£d;- wheat In Paris.
GAME— Doves, per dozen! $1 25: Hare,'.$l Z5&
150; Rabbits, $150 for Cottontail and $1@1 25
for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@9c for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25@
1 E0; Goslings.- Jl 25@1 5S; Ducks: $2 50@3 for
old and ?3©4 50 ftor young r Hens, $3 50IQ5; young
Roosters, $5@6 50 J old Roosters, $3 5O@4 50; Fry
ers, $4 50; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and $2@3
for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $125(3)150 for Squabs. '. .
Hare and Rabbits are ; arriving in bad con
dition, owing to warm weather in the In
terior, and only sound stock brings the quo
tations, .
A car of Eastern 1b expected Monday. Local
stock is quiet.'
Poultry and Game.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. \
Generally cloudy weather prevails over West
ern Washington and along the coast from
Cape Mendocino northward; elsewhere west of
the Rocky Mountains the weather is fair.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
western portion of the Pacific slope and faller
along the Southern California coast.
The temperature has fallen slightly over
¦Washington and Oregon and risen over Califor
nia and Arisona.
Confiitlons are favorable for fair and warmer
•weather in California Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight • August 25:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; -warmer;
light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair,' warmer Sunday:
llcht west wind.
Vevada— Fair Sunday: light northwest' wind.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair, warmer
Sunday; light northwest wind..
. It appears quite probable that the movement
of cash to Philadelphia was really below the
minimum amount estimated. The loans of the
bank were increased by $3,027,100, which sum
may be regarded as fair, considering the dispo
sition of bank managers generally to curtail
.discounts as much as possible, in view of the
tendency of the demand for money for the crop
movement. The deposits were augmented $3,520 .
400. which very closely corresponded with the
total of the gain in loans and in cash. Hence
the statement was harmonious In this respect
The surplus reserve was reduced by the com
paratively email amount of $273,800 to $18 148 -
100. Borrowers would need, It would seem
to be under .no apprehension* regarding the
supply of money for all legitimate . objects
though doubtless lenders will seek to convey
the impression that because the ! Inquiry for
crop" purposes has apparently actively begun
rates for loanable funds should rule higher On
Monday of • the current week the treasury ¦ will
receive $1,000,000 4 per cent bonds, the deliyery
of which has been contracted for, and there
probably will be considerable sums of money
paid during the week on assay office checks
repiesentlng Yukon gold deposited at Ean' Fran
cisco. .:•': . - . .•: • -. . . ¦ • ¦. ..¦
I Toward the end of the .week, however, ' there
was an urgent demand for Philadelphia funds,
which caused the shipment to that city of va
rious amounts * of currency estimated
at from • $1,500,000 to $3,000,000. If neither of
these sums of money was sent to Philadelphia
it follows that the apparent gain on the week's
movements was wiped out. It should be ob
served, however, that the cash sent to Phila
delphia will doubtless be promptly returned
when payments shall have been made for the
bonds for which the money was required.
The cash returns of the New York Associated
Banks last week were largely affected by what
may be characterized as extraordinary move
ments, not only through Sub-Treasury opera
tions but through the interior transfers 'of
money. Early in the week the Sub-Treasury
paid $1,500,000 and later $450,000 for assay office
checks representing Australian and Yukon gold,
which has been deposited at Pacific. Coast as
say offices. Disbursements for pensions were
large, amounting to $2,091,000. and- bond pay
ments were $78,601. These various items made
a total of $4,119,501. . The' extraordinary- receipts
by the. Sub-Treasury were $1,100,000, which
amount was deposited by the banks for transfer
to • the Interior— $300,000 to : New Orleans and
$800,000 to Chicago. "Deducting these . receipts
from the disbursements above leaves • $3,094,501.
It should be noted, however, that the payments
for Australian gold probably counted in the
bank average for only four days, while the re
ceipts from the banks for transfers to the inte
rior counted for but two days of the week. The
net ordinary operations of the Sub-Treasury
were, owing to large customs and internal rev
enue receipts. - sufficient to counterbalance the
net extraordinary disbursements / as . above,
causing the* banks to lose on Sub-Treasury ac
counts . $162,000. The Interior movement 'Of
money, so far as traceable, resulted 1 in a gain
to the banks of $1,245,114, and, deducting the
loss to the treasury of $162,000 as above, there
was "an apparent gain in the week's movement
of $1,083,000.
Loans $587,837,400, increase $3,027,100; deposits
$96S.148.6C0, increase $3,520,400; circulation $29,
207.600, decrease $31,900; legal tenders $77,259,900.
decrease $609,200; specie, $182,926,600. increase
$1,215,700; reserves $260,185,600, Increase $606,300;
reserves required $242,037,400, increase $880,100;
surplus $18,148,100, decrease $273,800.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The statement of the
Af-soclated ' Banks for the week ending to-day
shows: z-
Associated Banks' Statement.
On the Produce Exchange to-day ¦ the -butter
market was easy: crsameries. 14(jy20c; dairies,
13fi)17c. - Cheese, firm; 9=4@10%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh. 13%@14c. ; . : ' ¦
VEGETABLES— Green ' Peas, l%@2c; String
Beans, l@3c; Limas, 2@3c: Cabbage, 55©60c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 30@60c: :from
Alameda, 50@75c; Dried . Peppers, 10®12%c;
Green Okra, 40@65c per box; Carrots, 23@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 20@30c; Pickles, Hi
S/'l%c per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic;
2@3c: Green Peppers. 25@40c per box for Chile
and 25@»Oc for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@50c per box;
Green Corn, 25@50c per sack ; Alameda, 75@90c
per crate; Berkeley, 40@65c: Summer. Squash,
large boxes, 25@30c; New Marrowfat Squash,
nominal.
POTATOES-J1 20@l 40 in sacks and $1 35@1 60
in boxes for Burbanks, $1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and $1@1 10 for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanka,
U 40<3>l 55; Sweets, l@l%c-per lb for Rivers
and lV£c for Merced.
. ONIONS— Yellow, 9Cc@$l per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 75@$0c per ctl.
There is not much new in Vegetables. Sup
plies of all kinds are sufficient for the demand
and Peppers. . Egg Plant. Cucumbers, Squash
and Cora are in oversupply. Lima Beans are
dull.
Most dealers report 1 no diminution in the
shipping demand for Potatoes and the market 13
steady as a'rule, though the recent large re
ceipts have checked the advance. Sweet Po
tatoes are in good supply and weak. ' Onions
continue firm, with a good demand for ship
ment and local use.
Potatoes^ Onions and Vegetables.
OILS— Linseed Oil haB made another 10c de
cline. California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, Jl 22; Linseed Oil; in barrels, boiled,
74c: raw, 72c; cases.' 5c more; Lard Oil," extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: cases, 85c:' China
Nut. 53® 72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67'/4c; cases. 72Vic; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@45c per gallon:
Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c: cases. 42%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, m bulk
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c: Extra Star.. 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases 20e;
86-desree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases 26c
• TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and fine Crushed. 5.30c; Pow
dered, 5.15c: Candy Granulated. 5.15c; Dry
Granulated, 5.05c: Confectioners' A, 5.05c; Fruit
Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated, 4.95c; Mag
nolia A. 4.65c: Extra C. 4.55c; Golden C, 4.45c;
barrels. 10c more: half-Jbarrel3, 25c more; boxes
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels, 5.65c; boxes. 5.50c per lb.
RICE — China. No. 2, $4 10; No. 1, $4 70i@4 90;
extra, $5 10®5 50; Japanese, $4 75@5 30; Louisi
ana. ?4@6 50: Hawaiian, nominal. -
COAL —.Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 60 In bulk and $13 73 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brard. .
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%@
8c; local make. He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32S35c;: Fleece Twine, 7%@8c;. Fcuit
Bags." 5%@6c" for cotton and 8}*@S%c for Jute,
General Merchandise.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour —
Dull; winter patents, $3 40@3 50; straights, $3@
3 30; clears. $2 70@3 10; spring specials, $4 20@
4 30; straights. $2 80(»3 20; patents, $3 40@3 70;
bakers', $2 20®2 65. No. 3 spring wheat, 69%c:
No. 2 red, 70%c: No. 2 corn. 55%c; No. 2 yel
low, 55%c; No. 2 oats, 34%@33%c; No. -2 white,
37V4@.'57%c; No. 3 white, 37@37>ic; fair to choice
maltinK barley, 60@63V.ic: No. 1 .flaxseed, $157;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 61: prime timothy seed,
$5 55: mess pork, per barrel, $14 35CJ 14 40; lard,
per 100 pounds, $8 92%@8 95; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 2»@8 45; dry salted "shoulders (boxed),'
VA&liic; short clear sides (boxed), $8 80@8 90;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 29; -clover, con
tract grade. $10 25. t - ¦ ' -
Articles— ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, harrels 23,000 21,000
Wheat, bushels 236,000 187.000
Corn, bushels 357,000 419.000
Oats, bushels p ..343,OOti 354,000
Rye, bushels 9,000 '1,000.
Barley, bushels 56,000- 2,000
There is very little life in Beans at the mo
ment. Stocks are greatly cut Into and are now
light as a. rule, though there are some lines of
Pinks still on hand. " ' .
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75: Small White. $4 85
©5: Large White, $4@4 25; Pink, $2 30@2 40-
Red, $34T3 75; Blackeye. $3 50: LImas. $6 40©6 50-
Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 23@2 50; Canary, 3%
fi3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape 1%
@2Uc: Hemp, 3%c per lb. , .^
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
diOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 24—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 64; Mount Tamalpais, 69; Independ
ence, 92; Red Bluff, 84; "Fresno, £4; Los An
geles, SI; Sacramento. 84; San Luis Oblepo," 72;
San Diego. 78.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S: minimum, 66; ""¦", C2.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported from Eastern cities:
Boston 78-70; Cincinnati. S4-68; New York.
M-7«; Kansas City. 86-«6: Philadelphia, 88-72;
Jacksonville, 92-70; Washington. 84-72.
Weather Report.
Wholesale, rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows: ." ' ¦ ' •.
BEEF— 6@6^ O for Steers and 5®5%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small.- 8@9o per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes 7@7%o per
pound. - •
LAMB— S@9c per lb. * .
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and nnder, 6«c:
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sown. 20 per
cent off; -boars, 50 per cent off and stags. 40
per. cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%@9%c.
The established quotations still rule and the
demand and supply about balance.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There were only 8 cars of Hay on the tracks.
The market continued very dull at unchanged
prices.
There was no further change in Bran and
Middlings. : ¦
BRAN— $20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22(g23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $1€@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23026; jobbing
$2G 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal $3»®
33;- Cracked Corn. $32 50@33 50; Mixed Feed 117
©18. ' •
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 50; choice, $10®;i0 50-
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
©7; Volunteer,- $4 S0@5 50.
STRAW— 23@42%c per bale. " * -
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75® 3 for bakers': Washington bakers', ' $2 75
@3. ' . ¦•
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks, are. as fol
lows, usual discount /to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; nice Flour. \|7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, *4; Oat Groats, J5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, S3 50; Farina, |4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour,- 13 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks. $6 50!§S: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ¦
Flour andMillstuffs.
. Previous quotations rule for all descriptions
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lOVac; medium, 9%c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 3c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
«%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands, 15c-
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30o ! each; sh» r t
Wool. 30@30c each: medium, 50@73c; long
"Wool. ' 80c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50®
" 75 for large and $3@2 25 for medium $1 50(3
1 75 for small and 50c for -Colts; Horse Hides
dry, Jl 75 for large," $1 25@1 50 for medium, fl 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red skins. 33c; fall or medium skins. 30c
winter or thin skins. 20c Goatskins— Prim*
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium,
35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 45i@4?ic per lb-
No. 2, 3%@4c; grease. 2%@Se.
- WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c: do LaAbs', lie per lb-
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern
free, 7 months. 7® 10c; do, defective, 7 months
7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14@15c; do, medium
and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, 11
@13c; do. fair to good, 9@lle; Nevada, 10@li%c
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c.
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— Traffic > in .wheat was
in small quantities and as the situation showed
no material change the usual dull and feature
less affair known as the "Saturday market"
was the result. September opened a shade to
%@»4c higher at 70%@70Vic and sold to 70c
early on the weakness v of the foreign cables.
A recovery to 70%c followed on profit-taking
by shorts. Prices fluctuated the remainder of
the session within the range thus established
and closed steady, September a shade higher
at 70%c. . • -
Corn gave indications of having shaken ' out
all doublets or insufficiently margined sup
porters during the past tw.o weeks' decline.
The market opened weak, but gradually: im
proved when offerings of long torn were
eeryed to be comparatively small. Septeipber
closed a shade down at Eoc. " ¦ -¦.....
Continued liquidation ' by , September longs
caused a further decline in oats early, but
the market rallied in -sympathy with corn.
September closed Vic lower at 34c. - - _
Provisions were dull, but firm and made a
slight improvement, without j the aid of the
grain markets. This was due to buying for
the outside account. The range was narrow.
January pork closed 2%@5c higher, lard 2%c
up and ribs unchanged.
' The leading futures ranged as follows:
••There is eome buying of apricots at 8%@
r-^e for new crop goods, principally Santa
Clara ard Southern offerings. Spot apricots
are in some demand, but' supplies are low
tad holders show no anxiety to sell.- .There
i -, almost no interest in new figs at the mo
ment." ;;¦-¦«
"The coast advices regarding the breaking of
the prune deadlock have aroused slightly more
interest in prunes and some sales are reported
on 'the basis of S»»c for the four sizes. There
Is a light inquiry from nearby Interior points,
but very tittle business results. There -has
been no official statement regarding the prob
able opening prices on new crop goods, but
the trade is prepared for a higher baais than
"The raisin market Is steady, with $1 60 rul
ing on London layers and Jl 60@l 75 on clus
ters. Three-crown loose Muecatels are held at
614c Two-crown are reported scarce, but
email quantities can be bought around 5%c
Imported Sultanas are steady and there Is
a moderate Interest in Valencia*, without
change of prices.
"Currar.ts are Belling In a small way. 10 to
15 barreTiots. on the basis of 9c for Amallas.
Some holders are asking 9Mc but so far as
known no business has been done at that .fig
ure. No additional information regarding the
outlook In Greece has been received. There
tire offerings of new crop on the basis of 18s
lor Amalias. • ' *
Mall advices from New York Bay: "Satur
days business In dried fruits was quiet and
apparently limited almost exclusively to light
jobbing orders from nearby and local" trade.
While everything is held closely at Quotations,
buyers show little disposition to place large
orders, believing, apparently, that there will
be some easier prices later.
Bank Clearings.
Local Baak Clearings during the past week
were $1S,9S2,S55, against $1S,O44,51J during the
same week, last year.
Dried Fruit in New York. 9
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison— 13.200 79% - 77T4 79^
Atchison pfd 8,200 88% 97% 9S%
Baltimore & Ohio 3,700 105% 104% 104%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 94
Canadian Pacific 700 112% 111% 112
Canada Southern 200 70H. 70% 70
Chesapeake & Ohio..... 1,500 47^ 47*4 47>i
Chic & Alton- L100 41 40 40'i
Chic & Alton pfd 200 78 78 77
ChiC Ind & LouiB 400 39 38% 38%
Chic Ind & Louis pfd .... .... 72%
Chic & East Illinois .... .... 128
Chic & G Weet 1,400 23% 23 23
Chic & G W A pfd .... ;... 82%
Chic & G W B pfd ..... .... .... 47
Chic & Northwestern 195
Chic Rock Ia & Pac 800 145 144 144%
Chic Term & Trans 2,600 21%. 20tf 21%
Chic Term & Trans pfd. 1,700 42% 41 42%
C C C & St Louis 100 60% '90% 90%
Colo Southern 4,000 15% 15% 15%
Colo Southern lst pfd... 5,000 56% 68 6€%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.:.. 3,600 26% 25% 26%
Delaware & Hudson 1.200 ' 169% 169% 169%
Del Lack & West 100 230 230 230
Denver & Rio Grande... 600 ...45% 45 :. 46»6
Denver & R G pfd....... 1,600 S4 93% 94
Erie 28.800 42%. 40% 42%
Erie lst pfd....'. 7.800 71 69% 70%
Erie 2d pfd... 2,000 66% 54 56%
Great Northern pfd...:. 1.300 187 186% 186%
Hocking Valley './... .... •-.:.. 53
Hocking Valley pfd..... 200 78V4: 7«i \76- •
Illinois Central ......... 900 146%, 146% 146%
Iowa Central 600 40 40 39%
Iowa -.Centra! pfd . --..;. 78
Lake E & W .... 62
Lake E & W pfd -»".; —^ 125
LouUville & Nashville.. 4,900 105% 1O4«£ 10»>4
Manhattan L.. 3.508 121% 120% 120%
Metropolitan St Ry 2.200 .170v 1«9 169
Mexican Centra! L200 25% : 2SH 25%
Mexican National..:...: 400. 12 11% 11%
Minn &-St Louis ¦ 200.1CS%: MSH 108*4
Missouri Pacific 7.000 108V4, 107 * 107'A
Missouri Kan & Tex 1.200 28% *'28%' 28 .
Missouri Kan & Tex pffl L100 67% -66T4 67«4
JTewYork Central 3,500 J55% .154% 155
Norfolk & Western...... 6,400 ' 66%: 66% 5«H
Norfolk & Weetern pfd. .:...¦ >....• .... S9
the professionals found little difficulty In sup
porting Drices and held the market . pretty
steady aiTd near the top until the close. The
public 6tilU hangs back, but evidently the hope
is entertaljed that Monday morning will bring
more outsiders into the market, attracted by
yesterday" • greater activity and strength arid
Its persistence to-day. The bank statement
was About as expected in the cash Item, except
that the supposed shipments to Philadelphia
were not disclosed. The moderate loan ex
pansion was attributed to the stirring of pools
In the stock market, which has developed dur
ing the week. .The leaders to-day were Atch
ison, Erie, the Pacifies, Amalgamated Copper
and Sugar, about in the order named. The
strength was well distributed, but some of the
recent strong etocks hung back somewhat,
especially the Pennsylvania group, the Wabash
issues^ St. Paul and Southern Railway. The
United States Steel stocks were quiet, but the
preferred rose a point In the late dealings.
There has been no revival of speculative ac
tivity this week, except in a. few spots. The
volume of dealings has been somewhat less
than last week, and on Tuesday the dealings
in bonds fell to the low level of the year.
There was increased activity of speculative
bondB later In the week. Notwithstanding the
dullness of the market the tone has been quite,
firm and there were periods of positive strength.
Closing up of outstanding contracts on the
fhort side was responsible for some part of
the strength, thus eliminating a potential re
quirement for stocks and giving promise - of
even greater dullness In the future. There
were, however, the usual operations by the
always industrious room-traders to try to reap
advantage from requirements of shorts by bid
. ding up stocks and even to inaugurate bull
.movements by. the formation of pools in special
etocks. The covering by shorts was largely
attributed, to Western sources, from which
selling had been large on the early indica
tions of damage to the corn crop. The sus
tained character of the demand ' indicated that
the crop damage had been overdlscounted by
the selling of Etocks and possibly over-esti
mated also. . The continued high level of rail
road earnings in the region affected had a
cheering effect upon holders of securities, and
the fine condition of the . spring wheat crop
and the large total crop of- wheat Indicated
have received increasing attention. Last week' 3
record exports of wheat, although not fully
maintained this week, add to the importance
of our wheat crop ana reinforce the statistics
of foreign wheat crops • as showing large re
quirements to be met from qur 'surplus sup
ply of wheat. The conditions thus presented
ere a forcible reminder of the outcome of last
year's marketing of crops. The development
of a. shortage of spring wheat last year, which
caused acute weakness in the securities of all
railroads In the Northwestern region, proved
to be neutralized by the very heavy traffic in
general merchandise, so that railroad earnings
were' not checked in the increase. The steel
strike cloud still overhangs the market. The
claim of the London Standard that American
consumers of finished goods are placing orders
In Great Britain on quite' a large scale is con
sidered significant in that respect. Wall street
opinion, however, is" inclined to a determinedly
optimistic view of the. outlook in the steel
trade. Operators in stocks are inclined to con
tinue their analogy with last year's events
and point to the ultimate improvement In the
anthracite trade in spite of the shut-down of
the- mines. This sentiment may be the effect,
rather than the cause, of the firmness of the
United States Steel stocks, in which the deal
ings have been email and insignificant. The
real pressure upon the stocks came in an
ticipation of the strike and forced the drastic
liquidation' early In July, when fore-handed
financiers were preparing for what they saw
was the inevitable. Amply retrenched as a
result of that foresight. • under the generalship
of the most skillful manipulators in Wall
Etreet, the feeling in financial circles is thus
eeen to be one of confidence in the ultimate
values of securities and continued prosperous
conditions. Speculation halts because of a
doubt of the capacity of the money market in
the immediate future to supply the sinews of
war fOr operations on a sufficient scale to at
tract a large outside share in a speculative
movement. Money on call rules easy at the
moment, but there is no Inducement to make
large commitments In stocks in reliance upon
call loans. Already the interior ia withdraw
ing funds from New York for the annual crop
movement. The payments to the field laborers
and to small farmers necessitate the use of
actual currency, the disuse of checks making
impossible- the economy of the circulating
medium which results from clearing-house
operations with checks between banks. But
this currency must be drawn from the cash
reserves of the banks, thus contracting pro
portionately their credit resources based on
cash reserves. \ The permission under the bank
ing laws to interior banks to count as part
of their legal reserves ta»h resources which are
actually on deposit with New York banks has
the effect of converting this annual demand
for currency almost directly upon the cash re
serves of the New York Clearing-house banks.
The prospects are that the demand will be
heavier than usual this fall. Government fiscal
operations are making requirement* upon. the
money market several million dollars in ex
cess of last year. The . ease with which the
Bank of England is conserving its reserves,
ehown by the maintenance of the bank rate
this week, indicates that foreign money mar
kets expect demands upon them from New
York tp replenish the drain to the interior of
this account. About $1,400,000 of Australian
gold by way of San Francisco found its way
Into New York bank reserves this week and
J2 500. COO additional gold now at sea on the
Pacific will find the same, destination. Bank
ers profess to have no fear of stringency. In
view of these relieving tendencies, but they
look for an active money market.
The "railroad t>ond market has been narrow
and dull, but .firm.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
call prices, of last week. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13V4c for light, 14%o for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured ; Eastern
gugai -cured Hams, 14@14%c; California Hams
13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, S12'-
Family,' ?12 B0; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%o per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels Dure
ll%c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, U%c. ' '
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces
9c ; five ¦ tierces. 8%c per lb.
Lard Is firm at the advance already, noted.
Hams and Bacon are also firm. The demand
for all cured meats ls'satlsfactory. :
Provisions.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ¦ . - ¦ . • •
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
BARLEY— There is nothing going on to
change quotations one way or the other.
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, '72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing "and Shipping
grades, 77%@S5c:: Chevalier. 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
" CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
'.Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The market continues well supplied
at the moment, but the feeling continues firm
and holders make no concessions. .Grays are
selling to «arrlve« at $1 10@l 20. whites are
quoted at $M5@1 35, Black ?l@l"10 -and Red
$1 05@l 20 per ctl.. ;
CORN— There was no change in this market.
Chicago was easy, but it was thought that. the
decline had been overdone. Exporters worked
No. 3 for export. The feeling was rather firmer
at the close. .
Small round Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
$1 65;. White. Jl 75@1 80 per ctl: mixed, *1 65.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl. Stocks are liberal
and the market is weak. - •' ". .
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands. .
¦ WHEAT— The ' foreign • markets -were quiet,
with a decline in Paris futures. ¦V
Chicago was steady, with very little fluctua
tion. It was the opinion that the decline, had
been overdone. Clearances continue large and
are the sole bullish factor. The European po
litical situation attracts but little attention.
This market was flat and unchanged. » There
were no sales on. call. - - ¦¦ - • •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, : 97%c; .milling, $1@
1 02% per ctl. -¦:...,. .
Wheat and Other ' Grains.
NEW TORK. Aug. ' 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24?O, .barrels; exports, . 22,083 .barrels. Steady,
.but inactive. Winter, "patents, $3 60@3 85;
winter ' straights,' $2 30@3. 45 ; winter extras,
$2 50<g2 80; winter low' grades, | $2 S0@2 40; Min
nesota patents. $3 75®4; ~ ; Minnesota- bakers',
$2 85@3 is. ¦ '. ¦ ' ¦'¦;¦•¦ ¦"• ••;
WHEAT— Receipts, 26,355 bushels ; exports,
.22,093 bushels. Spot market '• steady. No. 2
red, 77%c : f. o. b. afloat;; No. 2 red, 75%c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern -Puluth, 7S%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 85%c f. o..b. afloat.
Options were steady and quiet most of th«
forenoon. They received a. little support from
shorts and were also ¦ affected by light of
ferings.' The close' was firm at 34 o advance,
helped by big clearances. September,- ¦ 76@
76 5-16c, closed 76%c; October. 76@76%c, closed
76%c; December. 77%@78c, closed 78c. ..
HOPS — Quiet. State common to choice, 1S00
crop, 13@17c; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 13@17c.
HIDES — Steady. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19%c; Texas
dry,' 24 to 30 pounds, 14%c.
AVOOL— Dull. Domestic ' fleece, 26@27c; Tex
as, 16@17c. ¦ ¦¦-'• ¦¦¦* V -'•'> ' .'..-"
COFFEE— Spot Rio. • easy. • No. -. 7 invoice,
5Hc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@ll%c.
'Coffee futures closed steady; prices 5- to^lO
points lower. Total sales, 39,000 bags, includ
ing: September, 4.85c; October, 4.90c; No
vember, 4.95@5c; January,, 5.20c; May, 5.30c;
¦ July, 5.65c. • ' ' - " - . - " • ¦ ' J. •' ¦' ¦
SUGAR— Quiet. Fair refining, ¦ 3 7-I6c;
centrifugal. 96 test; 4c. i Molasses sugar, 3 8-16c.
Refined market quiet.' No. 6. -4.65c; "No. * 7,
4.55c; No 8, 4.45c; No. 9, 4.40c; No. 10, 4.35c;
No. 11. 4.30c; No. 12, 4.30c; No.'13, 4.20c; No.
14, 4.20c; standard "A," 5.05c; confectioners'
"A," 6.05c; mold "A,'.' 5.60c; cut loaf, 5.75c;
crushed. 6.75c; powdered, 5.35c; granulated,
5.25c; cubes, 5.50c. ' .' •
BUTTER— Receipts, S500 packages; barely
steady. State dairy, 14<S)18c; creamery, 16®
20%c; June packed factory, 14%@15%c.
EGGS — Receipts. 3500 packages ; firm. "West
ern candled, 16<3>17%c; 'Western uncandled, 10
@16%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples unchanged. State com
mon to good, 5@5%c; prime, 7%@8c; choice, 8@
12c; fancy, 9c. • ¦ ¦ .' *
. California dried .fruits dull.
PRUNES-3%@7c. . •
APRICOTS— Royal. 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8<3>
12C. . Jk^ - £*
"PEACHES— Peeled.® ll@18c; unpeeled. 6@9%c.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — $4»S5%
Sterling Exchange,, eight — -4 87%
Sterling Cables .' — 4 S8%
New York Exchange, sight....... — ¦ 7H
New .York . Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ : •' 10
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 -O 47%
Exchange and . Bullion.
Less gain in the weekly bank clearings last week.
Silver lozecr. Exchange unchanged.
Increased acifcity in the oil stocks.
Local stocks and bonds iti fair movement.
Wheat and other cereals quiet and unchanged, i
Hay dull and weak. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans quiet, with reduced stocks.
Potatoes and Onions still in demand for, shipment.
Vegetables in large supply and featureless. \
A car of Eastern Poultry expected to-morrow.
Game arriving in had condition.
Another advance in Butter and Eggs. 'Cheese unchanged.
Peaches, Pears and Plums doing better.
Evaporated Apples higher. Other Dried Fruits very stiff.
No definite quotatiens* yet established for new P runes. -
Lard iirm at the advance. Hams and Bacon unchanged.
Nothing new in Wool, Hops and Hides.
Meat market as before quoted.
Another 10c decline in Linseed Oil.
' Nectarines and Apples are higher, and the
other j fruits rule very firm with a continued
lively demand, principally . In the interior. AH
sorts of prices, are being named for * new
Prunes, but the market has ,not yet been defin
itely established. ' It Is agreed by everybody,
however, that the opening, figure -for. the four
sizes will be higher than last year. Raw Prunes
are selling in the Santa Clara Valley at J30©
32 50 per ton. with some sales at $35. These
prices ought to suit anybody, and the demand
is said to be active at them.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@10c for Royals and 8®
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@8%c; sundried, 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 5%@9c: Plums, pitted. 4
@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, «@6%c for
red and 6@6%o for white; Figs. 8%c for black.
•PRUNES — Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3%c for the four slzea
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal
NUTS-Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12@12Uc-
No. 2; 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No 2
6V4@"V4c; Almonds, 13®14o for papershell io©
lie for softshell and 5®6o for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nu.ts, x 12®12%c •
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts'
«3 E0@5.
HONEY-Comb, 12@12%o for bright and 10®
12c for light amber: water white extracted, 5%
@6c: light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 4©
BEESWAX-25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Northern Pacific pfd .... . 96
Ontario fr western 1.200 36 35^' 35>,i
Pennsylvania 15,900 147^ 146*4 147V*
si 1 li Si
U f 1 £ Sa n Fran........ 700 . 42U 42 42
|t L & San Fran 2d pfd ....'. 68
bt L & Southwestern.... 400 31% 31 ' 31
ct k i s °uthwest pfd.. 200 64% 64% 63>4
It W pfd.:::: ?^£^fe£fii?^
Rnvlht™ C ', flC •••••••• 86. io6 60% . : 59V6 ' 59%
Q^nth wn KaU way: .14,600 33% 33 33*
t°v " Railway pfd... SCO 88>A S81*. SStf"
•r£ 2° ft L & West 300 22V4 22-^ ¦ 22
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 ' 85».4 35>4 • 35
}™ s £ •;•••••,. 1.200 22% 22%, 22%
wabash pfd ..::.......;.. 5,200 4U4' 41 41%
\Visconsin Central 100 21Vi 2IY4. 21%
central pfd... 200 43 42% 42
P C C & St Louis ' 75
Express Companies—
Adams , 175
American .....„; " '"¦."", *'"
United States :.'."." "" "" 88
Wells-Fargo .'... .*.!". iso
Miscellaneous— . :
Amalgamated Copper.... 45,600 122% 121 - 122
Am ! r £ ar & Foundry,.. 2.100 31% 30^ 31%
Amer Car & Fndry pfd 1,200 86% 85% 86%
American Linseed Oil . .... 221,4
Amer Linseed Oil pfd... 60H
Amer Smelting & Refng 2,300 53>» 52^ 63^
Am Smeltg & Refng pfd 200 100*4 100& 100H
American Tobacco .. 134U
Anaconda Mining Co.?.. 3,000 48% 47% 4SH
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 5,500 77% 76% 77
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 600 98% 97% 97
Consolidated Gas 3,400 227% 226 227%
Continental Tobacco 100 67^4 C7& C7%
Continental Tobacco pfd :.... .... ..:. 119
General Electric 500 265U 265 265
Glucose Sugar .......... 600 57% 57 57%.
Hocking- Coal 200 21 20% 21
International Paper 1,400 25% 24% 25Vi
International Paper pfd. 300 78 78 73%
International Power .... 200 92% 92% 92U
Laclede Gas 91
National Biscuit "300 44% 44% 44%
National Lead 100 21 21- 21 "
National Salt 42%
National Salt pfd 76
North American 100 100 1C0 100
Pacific Coast 69
Pacific Mail S00 41% 41 41
People's Gas 7,900 114% 113% 113%
Pressed Steel Car 200 42^4 42ft 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd . ..„ &$
Pullman Palace Car .... 208
Republic Steel 2.100 21% 21% 21%
Republic Steel pfd GOO I6V4. 76 75%
Sugar 5,500 137% 136 137*i
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2,500 6S 67V& 67%
Union Bag & Paper Co.. 1.200 18 17% 17%
Union Bag & P Co pfd. 100 73 73 72%
United States Leather... 1,000 14 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd 2,900 . S3 &2% 1 S2%
United States Rubber.... 500 20% 20% 2OV4
United States Rubbr pfd 700 59 5S% 59
United States Steel 1S.60O 41% 44 44%
United States Steel pfd. 11,000 94% 93% 94%
Western Union 300 93% 03Vi 93%
Shares sold 434,600 . '¦.
¦ CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts 101%
> reg 107?i N J Cent gen 5s. ..129
do coup lO7»i North Pac 3s 72
-««o 3s reg -...;. .108% do 4s ....104%
.do coup 1081, N Y C & St.L 4b.. 106%
do new 4s reg.. .137 Norf & W con 4s. 102%
do coup 137 Or Nav lsts ......110
do old 4s reg 113 do 4s 103
do coup .113 Or S Line 6s....:.. 125%
do 5s reg 107% do con 5s 117%
ao coup 107% Reading gen 4s .. 95%
Diet of Col 3.656. .124 R G W lsts 100%
Atchison, gen 4s. ..103% St L & IM con 5s. 117
do adj 4s 97J4 St L & S F gen 6s. 126%
Cen South 2ds ...109 St Paul cons 184
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7»,J St P C & Pac lsts.llo
do 5s 121% do Gs .....116%
C & N W con 7s. .137 South Pac 4s 92%
do 8 F deb SS...123V1 South Ry 5s :.117%
Chi Term 4s ....... 83 S Rope & T 6s 55
Colo South 4s SS Tex & Pac lsts.. .118%
D & R G 4s 101% do 2ds 9SVi
Erie gen 4s 88% Union Pac 4b .....105
Ft W &.:D C lsts.105 Wabash lsts 118
Gen Elec 5s 200 do 2ds 110%
Iowa Cent lsts.... Hi West Shore 4s ....113
L & Nash uni 4s..l01V« WIs Cent lsts 88%
M K & T 2ds 82% Va Centuries ..... 94%
do 4s ...: 98%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Gon , 25 1 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 750
Breece 140 Ophir .70
Brunswick Con ... 08 Phoenix '¦ 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi : 03
Con Ca4 & Va..... 170 Savage .....T»...... '03
Deadwood Terra^.?. 60 Sierra Nevada ...V.- 10
Horn Sliver :. 175 Small Hopes ....... 30
Iron Silver 59 Standard 2 S3
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 96
Call loans. 3%@4'i Westing Elec 70%
Time loans 4@5 Bonds-
Stocks — ' ¦ Atchison' 4s 102
A T & S F 79% N E G & C 5s ; 66%
Do prefd 9SH Mining Shares-
American. Sugar... 137% Adventure 27-
Amer Tel .".163% Bing Min Co 43%
Boston & Albany. .287 Amal Copper 122
Boston & Maine.. 192 Atlantic 36%
Dominion Coal 39 Calumet & Hecla..74O
Do prefd 113% Centennial ........ 30%
U S Steel.. 44% Franklin 18%
Do prefd 94% Humboldt 25
Fltchburg prefd. ..145 Osceola .....100%.
General Electric. .268 Parrot 53
Ed Elec 111 240 Quincy 174
Mexican Central .. 25Vi Santa Fs Copper.. 7%
N E Gas & Coke.. 6% Tamarack .........340
Old Colony 20S Utah Mining 30
Old Dominion 34 Winona 4%
Rubber 20%. Wolverines 65%
Union Pacific .....104% '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. *1 50@4: L«mona.
$1@2 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c® Jl 50; Mexican
Limes, $6^6 60; Bananas. 75c@$3 per bunch;
Pineapples, Jl 60@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau" an* - Sweet-water. 30
®60c per box and crate; Tokay,' 50&85c per box:
Muscat. . 40@85c; Seedless, 65c@$l 25; Black. 40
@75c; Isabella, ;-Wine, Grapes, $23 p«r ton
for Zinfandel. •
MELONS— Nutmegs. 10@50c per box; Canta
loupes. 25<g 85c per crate; Watermelons, $5<§25
per 100. -- '. '.:. 1-1- ::.<¦<¦;¦. -.. ¦ .-. ¦ '¦
STRAWBERRIES— $6 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50<g5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— J3@5 per chest.,
LOGAN BERRIES-S6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— *5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®7c per lb. 'v :"¦.-
FIGS— Black, 75@85c for double layer boxes;
White, 23<g60c. -<?.:<¦*;
New York Grain and Produce.
on the - Stock Exchange. . Bar silver, steady,
26%<J per ounce ; money, Kglli per cent. "
HOPS— Pacific Coast, dull, £3@£3 15s.
THE SAN rSANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 25, 1901.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Aug. ' 24.— Clearings, J197.904;
balances, $16,862. *
"WASHINGTON. ¦ ¦' ;• ;
TACOMA, Aug.* 24.— Bluestem, 68c; club, BTo.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 24.— Walla Walla, Wtfc;
bluestem, 57%c
Northern Wheat Market.
dull; flour In Paris.', dull • French country mar
kets, easy;' weather in England fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d. • '
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
31
Articles— Open. HIg:h. Low., Close.
Wheat No. 2— •¦. • '¦".
September- 70»4 70%' 70 70%
December 72% 72% .72% ¦ 72%
May. ' 76%\ 7G% .76% 76%
Corn No. Z— '\
September ..:...'... 55 , ; ..'¦ 55Vi • 54?i ' 53
December .'. 57U 57% •56% • 57%
May ........ 59',4 ' 69%' 59^ 59%
OatB No. 2— \
September 34 • U l A- 33% 34
December; 35% 35% ..35% 35%
May 37%. SS% 37% 37%
-Mess. Pork, per bbl —
September .....;... 14 40 14 45 14 37% 14 37%
October ...14 45 14 B2% 14 45 14 45
January 15 55 15 57H 15 52^ 15 55
Lard, per 104 Jibs—
September ....*.... 8 90 8 P5 8 90 . 8 95
October 8 97% 9 02% 8 97% 9 02%
January 8 82% 8 82% .880-882%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - :;¦-•• ±*.~- .{¦•¦
September S 37« '8 «Vi 8 37^ 8 42 \i
October 8 42% 8 50-8 42% 8 50
January 8 00 8 00 ..7 97% 7 97%
BTATIOXS.
K S3
?f?I!
. 0
: i
n
|
i-*™° ra 62 52 ... BW Clear
&S'j;;«:::: » a .» >w
RivtreMe -XC7 64 .00
Pal-rmo " « .00 E_
Ventura 7J SZ -00
eantaM&rta 46 3 .00 .... Pear
!6o
.00
STATIONS.
3-
g K O
»5* H? S.j
?I ?| |s
: 2 : 3. £ 3
99
3- ¦
2 »
c
Astoria..'. 2».84 »2 6« SW Clear
Baker 80 .U 61 66 SW Cloudy
Careon -.28.98 80 BO 6W Clear
Eureka K>.12 64 64 W Cloudy
Fresno 28-92 82 6C NW Clear
Flagstaff 30.10 £2 64 KW Pt Cldy
Pocatello, Idaho... 28. 90 90 64 S Clear
Independence 29.82 S2 €2 S Clear
Ine Anseles 29.90 92 60 W Clear
Phoenix »-«0 «0 72 JfW Pt Qdy
Portland 30.08 70 E2 KW Clear
Red Bluff 30.02 M SS SE Clear
JU«ebunr 30.04 78 4£ N'W Pi Cldy
eacramento 30.02 S4 B4 S Clear
Salt Lal«» — . 29.82 82 66 KW Clear -
Baa Francisco 30.08 68 66 TV Clear
San Lais Oblspo... 30.04 72 46 TV Clear
EanDleeo 29-SO 92 64 ICW\ Clear
Seattle 30.14 64 64 S Cloudy ;
Fpokane 29.8t 96 58 "W Clear
VeahBay 30.0S 62 54 W Cloudy
TValla Walla.....'.. .29.W C2 66 S Clear
¦U'lnnemycea ..29.90 86 48 W Clear
Turn 29.78 110 72 SW Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
c
0
t)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
o-
0
0
BTATIOXS.
K S3
?f?I!
. 0
: i
n
|
i-*™° ra 62 52 ... BW Clear
&S'j;;«:::: » a .» >w
RivtreMe -XC7 64 .00
Pal-rmo " « .00 E_
Ventura 7J SZ -00
eantaM&rta 46 3 .00 .... Pear
!6o
.00
STATIONS.
3-
g K O
»5* H? S.j
?I ?| |s
: 2 : 3. £ 3
99
3- ¦
2 »
c
Astoria..'. 2».84 »2 6« SW Clear
Baker 80 .U 61 66 SW Cloudy
Careon -.28.98 80 BO 6W Clear
Eureka K>.12 64 64 W Cloudy
Fresno 28-92 82 6C NW Clear
Flagstaff 30.10 £2 64 KW Pt Cldy
Pocatello, Idaho... 28. 90 90 64 S Clear
Independence 29.82 S2 €2 S Clear
Ine Anseles 29.90 92 60 W Clear
Phoenix »-«0 «0 72 JfW Pt Qdy
Portland 30.08 70 E2 KW Clear
Red Bluff 30.02 M SS SE Clear
JU«ebunr 30.04 78 4£ N'W Pi Cldy
eacramento 30.02 S4 B4 S Clear
Salt Lal«» — . 29.82 82 66 KW Clear -
Baa Francisco 30.08 68 66 TV Clear
San Lais Oblspo... 30.04 72 46 TV Clear
EanDleeo 29-SO 92 64 ICW\ Clear
Seattle 30.14 64 64 S Cloudy ;
Fpokane 29.8t 96 58 "W Clear
VeahBay 30.0S 62 54 W Cloudy
TValla Walla.....'.. .29.W C2 66 S Clear
¦U'lnnemycea ..29.90 86 48 W Clear
Turn 29.78 110 72 SW Clear
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
c
0
t)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
o-
0
0
Articles— Open. HIg:h. Low., Close.
Wheat No. 2— •¦. • '¦".
September- 70»4 70%' 70 70%
December 72% 72% .72% ¦ 72%
May. ' 76%\ 7G% .76% 76%
Corn No. Z— '\
September ..:...'... 55 , ; ..'¦ 55Vi • 54?i ' 53
December .'. 57U 57% •56% • 57%
May ........ 59',4 ' 69%' 59^ 59%
OatB No. 2— \
September 34 • U l A- 33% 34
December; 35% 35% ..35% 35%
May 37%. SS% 37% 37%
-Mess. Pork, per bbl —
September .....;... 14 40 14 45 14 37% 14 37%
October ...14 45 14 B2% 14 45 14 45
January 15 55 15 57H 15 52^ 15 55
Lard, per 104 Jibs—
September ....*.... 8 90 8 P5 8 90 . 8 95
October 8 97% 9 02% 8 97% 9 02%
January 8 82% 8 82% .880-882%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - :;¦-•• ±*.~- .{¦•¦
September S 37« '8 «Vi 8 37^ 8 42 \i
October 8 42% 8 50-8 42% 8 50
January 8 00 8 00 ..7 97% 7 97%
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION TUESDAY. August 27, stables
at 1140 Folsom. I will sell all styles of Horses.
Buggies, Wagons, -Surreys. CartB and Harness.
S. WATK1N3. Auctioneer.THOUSANDS OF STRIKERS PARADE
Continued From Page Twenty-Three.
.Joseph ' Hayes of 432% Bryant' street;
was treated at the: Harbor Emergency
Hospital last night for several lacerations
of the scalp received in an encounter with
three brothers named Kelly at Third; and
Five Kelly Brothers Attacked.
SAN RAFAEL;: Aug. -.24.— Men -engaged
in unloading, coal from -the bark Gatherer
at Sausalito to-day quit .work at the re
quest I of | delegates' from * the ' City Front
Federation. The coal belongs to. the nar
row gauge railroad: "The strikers claimed
that coal was being shipped to different
parts of ,-. the ¦< county;- for other persons.
The railroad people* deny this and say
that they will ; get ' the coal « when ¦ they
want it; several -of -the bunkers now being
Stevedores; at"; Sausalito Quit.
SACRAMENTO,; Aug. 24.— The big new
steamer. "Valleta, owned . by a corporation
of Sacramento and Colusa County farm-,
ers, . came down'fthe river ; on its . Initial
trip to-night, carrying 6500 sacks, of bar
ley. The crew say- they will land the
grain'on.the dock •,-at. Port Costa; but -will
refuse to put It into I slings for deep-sea
vessels. Captain -Beach says he has pro
vided means for loading, the grain in the
ehip for Liverpool. ;wThe trip' of the farm
ers', new vessel' was 'highly satisfactory
and profitable. ¦' '- -¦¦ , .
Farmers' Steamer on' : First Trip.
The will • brought to" light to-day - ruts
Dr. Lowery on* , with $10 and directs that
; Mrs. Lowery, was formerly Mrs. E. T.
Farmer, , wife of "LIge" Farmer, as he
was generally known, president, and
founder of the Santa Rosa Bank and one
of Sonoma County's wealthiest and best
known citizens. . Eight or ten years ago
Mr. Farmer died , and his ,' wife inherited
half of his estate. A year, or two after
ward\the widow, married Dr. -JVC. Lowery
of Missouri, a scholmate of her younger
days. The match- was opposed by Mrs.
Farmer's .children. - ¦ Last vear Mrs. ' Low
ery. passed away, and diligent . search
failed to reveal a will. It was assumed
that' she had died intestate, and after
considerable squabbling between the heirs
on. one side and Dr. Lowery on the' other
the latter was appointed administrator.
Under.the law he was entitled to one-half
of | the property, and the Farmer heirs to
the other half.. -
'Another, document ,- was an anonymous*
letter from a woman, stating why the
writer had failed to comply with, a prom
ise given to Mrs. Lowery a short time be
fore her death : and deliver her last will
Into the custody of the County Clerk as
soon as her body had been laid in the
grave.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 24.— This morning's
mail brought an Interesting -set of docu
ments to the office of ¦ the County Clerk,
and the sequel bids fair to be one of the
biggest sensations In the history of So
noma County. One of the documents was
the last- will' of the . late Mrs. Rebecca
Lowery, who died here about a year ago.
She possessed an estate valued at $200,000
and was supposed to have left no instruc
tions whatever, for its disposition. . ;
A committee of the Building Trades
Council held a meeting last night at 116
Turk street and . prepared an Interesting
programme of games and : races for the
?Labor day celebration to be held at Shell
Mound Park. . Besides athletic . sports an
elaborate literary programme was also
arranged. Sub-committees were appoint
ed.to visit the various unions which are
affiliated with the Building Trades Coun
cil | for the purposfe of securing their co
operation In making the occasion a mem
orable one. P. H. , McCarthy, president
of • the Building Trades . Council, will act
as president of the day, while the orators
will b« E. J. Brandon, John McDugal and
J. T. Kerns. : - •- :
Labor Day to Be Celebrated.
Anoiiymous Writer Pro
duces Mrs. Rebecca ,
Lowery's Will.
REVEALS A PLOT
TO LOOT ESTATE
Bryant streetsi ..There are five of the
Kelly brothers; and they are all long
shoremen. They are all' union men and
quit their work here on. the order of the
federation. They were not content to lead
idle lives, however," and went to Port
Costa to work with the non-union hands
employed; loading' -the vessels, there.
They returned from Uhere last night and
visited their old haunts on Bryant street.
They were followed-, by. union hands and
two of them were dragged off the car at
the corner of Third and Bryant streets
and badly beaten. ; They *were treated at
the Emergency . Hospital.- ¦ Joseph • Hayes
took it upon himself " to .whip .the other
three, but was worsted In the encounter.
Suppose this conspiracy succeeds! Suppose
the plans of its promoters were consummated!
Suppose labor unions were crushed and we de
prived of the 'right to combine. What then 7
Can any freeman in the commonwealth of Cali
fornia bear the prospect with equanimity?
Think you that these men would be content
with their victory over us? No. They would
exploit the entire State. . Drunk with success
and wealth they would dictate, terms to the
farmer and the fruit grower, the miner and the
entire producing classes of the State.. They
would levy taxes on the interior and make
your readers pay for the special police and the
spies, the expenses they have undergone and
4he losses they have suffered. If we fail what
chance have individuals against them? Skilled
laborers. would shake the dust of California off
their feet. The mills would rust in idleness and
the wharves grow green with grass, for no man
who calls his soul his own would submit to the
dictation of a secret . conspiracy of merchants.
This Is but one phase of the question, but it
i« the most important. This Is the phase we
wish to bring before the people of Calif ornla.
Beslde this all others dwindle into insignifi
cance. • Human rights are more sacred than
business success. Their worth cannot be
estimated In dollars and; cents. Tou are the
guardians of the rights of the plain people
Not, many rich, not many > proud,- read your
pages. They are perused In the miner's hut
and the farmer's home. Hence we desire that
you should state this question in its important
bearings to the people of the State. The press
has always been'' the champion of human
rights and it has not failed In its mission in
these, . our days. Tou .have no interest but
the good of your readers. You have no ax . to
grind. There is no muzzle on you. ¦ Tou are
free to sneak out for, the rights of the- plain
people. Those men who are fighting us
would, if they succeeded, . Inaugurate I an era
of cheap labor, low wages and long hours. ' No
country could be-. prosperous under such con
ditions and no popular education '. would be
possible. Our children would be forced to work
when they should be at school. There would
be no. love <or the. luxury of reading, news
papers. - . . . ... .
But we shall not be defeated.' - This is a
fight to the finish, and we are prepared. Pub
lic opinion recognizes" the Justice of our cause.
And when public opinion speaks out In thun
der tones, then the fight -is won. ..:•-•
By order of , the 'San " Francisco 'Labor
Counoil.' W. H.GOFF. President.
KD . ROSENBERG. Secretary. . - '
San Francisco, "August 24, 1901. :•'.¦¦¦'•
Would Dictate to Farmers.
Police. It is small wonder If such : men, after
all the official bluster, after the city had
thrown the force against us.f should regard us
as rebels against the Government and shoot low
every time they saw a union laborer.
SALINAS. Aug. 24.— A man was found
on the Monterey side of the Pajaro rail
way bridge this?, morning, badly mangled
and covered by blood. He was uncon
scious, and upon slightly : recovering gave
his name as William Black. ," Later, after
gaining } fUjlU consciousness, he said his
name was William Conrad. He claims
that he ..laid . down near the • track and
while, asleep rolled over- near- the rails
and a passing. train struck him. breaking
his shoulder blade and three ribs. He
says he , Was ; at one time a section em
ploye in Sacramento. He is not expected
to live until morning.
Sleeps on Railroad Track.
"While both the subscribing witnesses
have passed away 'since the date of the
will, both were alive on that date and
both were particular friends of the de
ceased. It is rointed out that if a will
was to have been witnessed there were
no- two persons who would have been
more likely to be called In or to have
been on hand. The will is drawn upon
yellow paper in' handwriting apparently
the same as that in the letter, although
the will is. in' ink and the letter in pencil.
Dr. ¦ Lowery came to 'Santa Rosa from
Missouri, where he Is said to have some
property in his own name. He is a great
temperance advocate. The alleged will to
day brought to light substitutes Charles
R. Farmer in his stead. as executor." No
doubt a big legal battle will grow out of
the affair. • / ,
The writer does not sign her name, but
there seems - little reason to doubt the
genuineness of the will. A number of of
ficials and others who have examined it
pronounce it genuine. ¦ '- - _¦
The letter accompanying the will states
that the reason the writer did not comply
with the promise she made to Mrs. Lowery
and file the will at once was that pressure
was brought to bear upon her to induce
her to destroy the will, as both of the
subscribing witnesses were dead and no
one would be the wiser. The writer, while
not saying that this proposition -had been
agreed to. leaves as much open to. infer
ence. "Worry over the affair caused the
custodian at last to weaken, for, as she
states, : "I regret my course exceedingly,
because Mrs. Lowery had great confidence
in me.". :¦¦;. . . '
all the remainder of the estate be divided
equally between the decedents four"chil
dren—Sarah Angle Fox of San Francisco,
Lillian Belle Webb of Palo Alto, Fannie
M. Griffith and Charles R. Farmer of this
city. The document bears date of April
19, 1897, and has the signatures of ; Robert
Crane and Dr. R. Press Smith as wit
nesses.
This conspiracy has been backed up by a
reign of terror In San Francisco. Everybody
admits that our men have kept the peace.
.They have been orderly and law abiding, under
bitter provocation.' Whatever scenes of disor
der have . disgraced ¦ the ! streets of San Fran
cisco have come from those few low fellows of
the baser sort who have tried to fill our places.
Still the majesty of the law has been invoked
against us. The ' president of the Police Com
mission has been -the loudest and most voluble
demagogue in inciting to riot and * bloodshed.
He- has declared in stentorian tones that this
city is a scene of disorder. He had demanded
proclamations. He has even gone so far as to
Invoke the military power. He- has • been" a
veritable bull of Bashan roaring on the moun
tains^ He brayeth like a wild ass of the desert
and no man regardeth him. Such is the man
at the head of the Police Commission. The
police have been placed on wagons in order to
strike terror Into the hearts of the locked -out
laborers and to advertise them as law breakers
and rioters. The streets have gone unprotected
in order that every delivery wagon with a. few
dollars' worth of groceries might have an ofn^
cer to . act as guide ¦ and guardian : of new
comers. I Hundreds of special officers have been
mustered „• into service 'and Invested with- the
authority, of this municipality. - These men are
unknown and . irresponsible. • No inquiry has
been made into. their past history or their fit
ness as guardians. of th« peace. On the prin
ciple that any old stick is good enough to beat
a yellow dog with the alleys -and the • by
ways have been searched- and the low lodging
houses have , given up their habitues to ter
rorize us, the working men of this city.: >j •
Lest they might 6hoot us at, sight- for the
crime of being locked out they were- informed
that we were not Filipinos by the Chief* of
manfl — "thou shalt ¦ not organize." 'They are
ashamed of the deeds .of their, own hands. They
are ashamed to speak out for themselves. They
use as a mouthpiece an attorney unknown to
fame until this struggle brought him into noto
riety. These men know that they exist on us
and on our brother . tollers and I producers
throughout the State and hence they "fear" piib
llo opinion. Strong in the Justice of our cause
we are neither afraid nor ashamed to proclaim
our principles. • We place our cause in the peo
ple of California. It is theirs to Judge and . de
cide. Public opinion is in our favor, but we
want the citizens of the State to speak out 'in
no uncertain tone and. to let our enemies know
that, under a free government, in; the opening
year of this twentieth century, they cannot at
tempt with Impunity to rob any class of their
natural rights. "Eternal vigilance is the price
of liberty" and if liberty is to nourish in this
State the sentinels on the watch. towers must
be continually on guard. ' -
According to the Summerland Advance
Courier, the companies \ taken into the
combine formed by the oil producers of
Summerland are the Marine. Santa Bar
bara, Eureka, Consolidated, Southern Pa
cific, Duquesne, North Star and Seaside.
The consolidation has incorporated as the
Summerland Consolidated Oil Company.
That development work in the varlou» oil
fields of the county will be resumed during: the
fall Is as admitted fact, but which one of the
districts is to be the scene of the preatest ac
tivity Is not as yet known. It looks, how
ever, that the Sunset district will receive the
rreatest attention during the next two months.
Many of the companies having holdings in this
field are already planning to berin sinking a
series of holes &nd a number of the old com
panies will soon resume drilling..
The Bakersfield Californian speaking of
the outlook for development work in the
fields of Kern County, says:
Developments in Kern.
Twenty-seven wells were recently signed
with the Los Angeles Oil Producers' Asso
ciation in one day. The companies in the
association now own 450 wells.
Desert oil claims covering 17,650 acres
were recently filed in one day at the office
of the Recorder of San Bernardino
County. E. J. Scott and his associates
were the largest filers, their claims aggre
gating 10,400 acres. The lands are in the
Barstow district and on the desert near
the Los Angeles and San Bernardino
County lines. J. C. Turner and his friends
filed upon 6S40 acres. . - .
The Arbuckle Independent reports that
there axe six rigs operating in Colusa
County, the companies being the Colusa
Oil Company, the Chehalis Oil Company,
the Williams Oil Company, the Bear Val
ley Oil Company, the Herron Oil Company
and the Smith & Gorrill Company.
There is opposition at Bakersfield to the
proposed combine. The Californian sa>ys
the necessity does not appear for the sur
rendering to a central concern of the prop
erties cf the several companies to secure
a better price for the oil in the market.
"The raisin men and the prune men," says
the Californian, "worked out a successful
plan for disposing of their products and
¦maintaining prices without placing their
properties in the hands of others. There
is apparently no reason why the oil pro
ducers should not operate on the same
line." The Kern City Echo says that "It
would be little short of insanity for the
owners of land or leases to merge their
comparatively small interests in a colos
sal concern in the management of which
they would have practically no say."
Opposition at Bakersfield.
Within the last week the appraisers
have sent out letters of inquiry asking
the producers of oil to furnish estimates
concerning their lands, this being exclu
sive of the personal property- thereon, the
pumping jacks, tankage and apparatus
generally. Not all the oil companies have
sent in v responses. The reason alleged for
this, in some instances, is reluctance to
give . out . business secrets of the I com
panies. Waile it is true the pledge of
secrecy has attended these inquiring let
ters, doubt is expressed by some of the
oil men whether secrecy can be pre
served when the letters giving the Inside
information are accessible to as many
persons as are connected • with the ap
praising committee in one capacity or
another. The present plan for combina
tion, based upon the pending appraise
ment, tshould not be confounded with the
original scheme for a combi nation upon
the basis of the maintenance of the iden
tity of all the companies, acting inde
pendently, with the important exception
that the products of all were to be
marketed by a committee. That scheme
has been laid on the shelf, seemingly,
and no progress has been made with it
for some time. The appraisement in prog
ress will occupy some time yet.
There has hardly been a movement in
California In recent years that has awak
ened more interest than the present ap
praisement of the oil producing properties
of the State, which has begun In Kern
County and will be extended to all sec
tions where oil is actually produced * in
large quantities. This is preliminary to
the Idea of forming a trust of the oil pro
ducers. Whether it will ever get beyond
the stage of appraisement is a matter for
lively debate whenever owners of pro
ducing properties come together to talk
about the outlook. The impression pre
vails that a combination would be good
If it could be based upon a fair appraise
ment of all properties and resulted Uj a.
proportionate. distribution of stock in the
trust among the present owners of the
respective ' properties which it. is proposed
to .combine.. But the question of what is
a proper price for land upon which there
are -producing wells is a difficult one to
answer to the satisfaction of all who . are
concerned. That habit of mind has char
acterized the owners of oil properties that
has led" them generally to believe that
they all have the choicest locations. Un
questionably there must be many tracts
that are worth more per acre than other
tracts. Also it is true there is a wide dif
ference in the value per. acre of lands in
the same location. How is the value per
acre to be decided? That is what many
axe asking. ¦ ' v
Producers Not All Ready to
Give -Estimates of
Their Lands.
dil Experts Find Snags
While Paving Way
for Trust
ALL EYES TURN
Ti APPRAISERS
The direct cause of Ennls' death Is not
known, though it is supposed to be due
to inhalation of smoke. The fire was in a
bedroom at the Wesley residence, and
when Ennls opened the door of the room
he was met by a dense volume of smoke.
He dropped the hose he was dragging and a
fell to the ground. The ambulance wain
summoned and Ennia was soon en routs*
to the hospital. - — '. -^ • -w . - ¦
OAKLAND. Aug. 25.— "William Ennls.
years of age, steward of chemical engine
No. 2, died in the ambulance shortly after
midnight this morning as he was being
taken to the hospital from the residence
of John Wesley. 2130 Chestnut street,
where he had been called by an alarm ot
fire. '
ing a Large Quantity of
Smoke. . i
Dies in the Ambulance After Inhal-
STEWASD OF CHEMICAL
ENGINE MEETS DEATH
CHICAGO.. Aug. 24.-A young woman
who gave the name of Ruby Hall and who
claimed to be- an actress from San Fran
cisco asked at polica headquarters to-day
for assistance in recovering: $1500 worth
of diamonds which she. said had been
stolen from her by a man whom she had
supposed to be a commercial traveler from
Boston and who had accompanied her to
Chicago. She tcld tho police that she had
eloped from San' Francisco with the Bos
ton man, who had several thousand dol
lars in his possession, but that he desert
ed her after getting possession of her jew
els. . ¦
Boston Man Takes - San
Francisco Girl's
Diamonds.
ROBS WOMAN
HE ELOPED WITH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 25. 1901.
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ATTENTION
To physical warnings will
Ji often prevent a serious
4kA ilLaess. When there are
oppressive fulln«es after
a— ">nr eating', bitter rising's,
_?/ ' belchlnt. headache, dirri-
•ggCT cess, nervousness, with
-B^^Sr physical and mental slug:-
)(B&l^j£3B gisiiness, prompt atten-
tfiri_^ yI l^ e con^ t i° n °f^ e diges-
KvJxr&k. A ve an<^ nutritive sys-
_Q/fgn'TgS\ In terns. Not all these
Rgf^^™Z~jgS symptoms will occur at
flj3r(^ >t@ once or i Q aQ y sinyle
KT - _ i W case, but any one of them
Cf v / Hi indicates a disordered
fl P- W condition of the stomach
VI . \f and other organs of di^es-
N If tion and nutrition.
I If A prompt cure of these
I if conditions will be effected
.j . .// by the timely •ise of Dr.
\ m Pierce's Golden Medical
Vk' // Discov_=y. It heals dis-
n }\ eases o^the stomach and
|\ |[ other org-ans of digestion'
I! II and nutrition, perfectly
II II and permanently. Many
i lis *\l diseases, seemingly re-
Jrr^Vi^ • mote from the stomach,
have their origin in a
. diseased condition of the
organs of digestion and nutrition. "Golden
Medical Discovery" cures through the
stomach diseases which have their origin
in a diseased condition of the stomach, and
hence diseases of liver, lungs, heart and
other organs are cured by use of the "Dis-
covery." It contains no alcohol, neither
opium, cocaine, or other narcotic. It is a .
true temperance medicine.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing else
•just as good."
"I was a total wreck— could not sleep or eat,"
writes Mr. J. O. Beers, of Benyman. Crawford
Co., Mo. " For two years I tried medicine from
doctors but received very little benefit. I lost
fiesb and strength, was not able to do a good
dav's work. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce's
Go'lden Medical Discovery, and when I had
taken one bottle I could sleep, and my appetite
was wonderftlly improved. I have taken five
bottles and am still improving."
j Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation by. curing the cause. ' They do
not beget the* pill habit ' . -.* •¦; \
st^ ish^!te.9L a Yar< fv WNow's Your Chanced Kitchen Things
It is better than^ that last oc sale. ; |EAU. \ —Because they are just what you want .
Itts-anconrelyfreshsu^lyof^ome^ooyards _ • ..,.,;;; ||l : V —and less thin what you are used to paying. \
- •.. ¦ iUXedO Mesh VeillngS, ; - J>; ..: ; r |VJf It . s the spirit \^ of them that , ? workinK such a revo lution in business at the Hale Center. .
In fancy styles. Some have silk chenille dots in black, others in white, in navy | -mm - Losing nroneyin order to make more is a new and startling feature.. But folks have been convinced. They ve seen we were in
and brown; some in Grenadines, with fancy borders in white, black. and blue. \ |lf| earnest — that really to build a business meant expense and hard work; that we were willing to forego present pleasures and pronts in
Still other black veiling, with silk Persian dots. Not a yard in the regular way . . . . ¦ ' |OT getting ready for bigger ones later on. The results couldn't have been so complete and overwhelming if the project hadn t been caretuily
worth less than 25c, but you choose from the entire 340° to-morrow morning: • . ., Mm planned and if it hadn't been looked after by trained helpers. . •'....- " &
. and while it lasts ox a yard. ¦ •, . . • \ -....;. liglK But to the chief topic in hand: . +ZT7Z "Z: TS75 — n M 3^ A c^«m O«^/*
i-»™ Vric ft'^ nSm^vfnf ±n- I Hund^ ds of Dollars' Worth of Best 8 ?f £f b f^^^^
I2OO YdS. OsC' Dimity TOr 5C. .Hi.-'-<.Eyery-Day- Articles to Be Sacrificed. ¦ d^?.^^?^ i at i S«lS
. THIS WEEK FOR THE FIRST TIME. ' * : ; v . • jP : : - It may seem foolish oirthe face of it t o do such a thin* as this. But of m &A^&7 A *"* el '%£!k£?. Buy'dSX bars * of lids
28 inches wide, blue grounds with white figures; as good a .quality- as. we -• I I course it means hosts of new customers find us and old ones bound closer. So. soap after Monday for 25c.
sell right along at" 8 1-3C goes on sale Monday, morning and while it lasts 5c ' ¦: f, then it 11 pay, won t it? +° — ; — — ;+
r"« 1 j • - h| ' We put no restrictions to any of these Rood things. You may buy all you need, provided you don't buy too soon again. And weve
I inOtllHrflS IOC '• ' T I I got plenty of everything to last' the week out— we hope. '¦
t, ' ' . . . .. ¦ aO . . .. . ,. , . , . . „„ ¦.„„,.. „., '¦¦¦- ' - \~ I Come Wednesday, or Thursday as well as Tuesday or Monday; yes, or write or telephone. We want everybody who can to share.
saleSfs^ : : Double Wash Boards 22c. 1 StlPPin^ Values in Enameled Ware. Wire Potato Mashers 2c.
sale tnis weeK at 1-3 less Man usual price, IOC . •• -*|; j . .. . They are: the double kind-one side OLU * 11I & y »» UC O •" lJUdnlClCU -YT.CH.C» B ract!eal kitchen artiel.
~%C\£\t\ \IAc \<^ X n 'C\\4k\\\'dc'-fk*r " ' e '^^ f '^. Bl h™5i ne -t C< ?h Ugat iS*«f It l"' AN OPPORTUNITY THAT SELDOM COMES. < . made of wire set in wood handlel Monl
2UOO I US. 122C V^nailieS O2C, : ¦- j-{ . a J r on/ Pnce.of a Good enameled ware, the kind that's worth Its full value the »ort that day and all week. 2c
It's a.beautiful stuff; lisht and airy, in a splendid range of colorings - and : . ; . \ Cotton. Clothes Line 7c. nr^n'aruM Towel Rollers 5c.
patterns, 28 inches Wide. ¦¦ . ¦ . '; . . Strong,, durable line, braided, it T|ia RAcf ThatiA lo n 4. n A »'4 A 4 C« ,J«A^ A atron* kitchen towel roller. «olld
¦ 11 1 ' , -¦ sells in the regular way for 15c. For 1 JTIC OCSt 1 neFC.IS 3t JL/CClCieCl OHVIIISS back, and stained to imitate rosewood.
Dnol H**:*." GL^rZ + :V --.:"> 3 m W a e t ek haTf e p h r!c V e e ,??. taQUantity0f i r r* b *»-t *-e to doit. We are looking ahead at the b, Sg er trade If fU- Monday and all week. 5c.
Keai Flair OWltClieS . i 5I.75 Clothes Wringers 98c.eFaJ^ H>c Lemon Squeezers 4c.
-• . ¦ "¦ "^ ¦ i ' '- Family size. 10-lnch rubber roll, steel —Good, heavy quality, medium size. ft the regularstyle^holda S quarts. Metal, heavily coated with pure tin,
. ARE THE ONLY KIND WE SELL. ¦ ' ' '• ' springs, has iron frame. They are sim- Monday and all the week, 33c. "We've sot 100 we put on sale Monday good value always at 10c. What a stir
,^-rflBNfcV A , . _,„__ t n - *u- m 4-U~ n VO ,,M «•¦« i ' P le - Any other store char B es W'75« We CHAI/TBEH PAIIiS oOc— Heavily and while they last at this half price, we'll make with them Monday and aU
,WvprajfcK*L And we ask no more lor them ttian you d pay , are so anxious for your trade, we have enameled, have tight flttins covers. «^c the week at 4c.
for the imitation Chinese ones. Ours are cut : made them 98c. TrpPFT» an 4ATTrp e VAWQ 1 in- RICE BOILERS 49c-Used also nn •
*%£C%m from the living heads of peasants in France " " Good Clothes Baskets 37c. L ?£ p wS S^wJ^oyaf^freHa'r: «* mufh U1 a^cMt' C si«« tor an 30 Wax Tapers 3c.
.rf^K^^afcSS Tr iiviuK. iicaua ui pcaaauis iu Aiam.c . There are none better; they are rented to elve satisfaction, holds five average family. They are heavily They ar* for lighting gas. corns put
*\ •• S> «J\- ana Lrermany. • . ..woven from strong- willow; measure 24 pints. Monday and all week.* 15c. enameled. Monday and all week. 43c. m boxes; they are warranted not
/oV%£r NJ*\/^ Jtk V These voun? latriVs with Hicrihle hair" crarhVr inches across. .They are .worth twice WASH BOWLS lOc— Heavily COFFEE POTS 2oC~ Used also for to drip. Worth in the regular way. 10c.
Jtiwf*^ .j>- 1 rm\ ''. lnese voun « James witn engiDie nair pratner ; wnat we have marked them for this enameled. 10V4 Inches across. Monday tea, heavily enameled, warranted, 2- Our price Monday and while they last,
I |k|vL 1 during their Country fair time to meet the hair . • ; i week, 37c. j and all week. 10c. .-¦ quart size. Monday and all week, 25c. 3c
l^L/^M ea^ ers fr° m a^ over the world. / \ ¦ . V •¦-^k* 1 * 1 ™^^*" 1 ™™*™ 1 "" 10 * 11 ' 1 * 1 ™ 1 !!"^?^^?^^™"*^^" 1 * 1 ""™" 1 """""^""?^ 0 * 71 /X "1
/ £n^%. *^J^Jm< W Some unscrupulous hair men go to China. ' : :V'M_^ Of»/^g4-- l^. /^ f\ g? 1*k HT* f* rg-f'Tr^ t*g Wq\tQ l-^-^r^f* /Vl 53 f\ f*
iW§^M MSm\ They-cin buy hair cheaper'there: They make it J«- KclTCSt DeUSPrCclUA^TTerS >f 6 V6 EVCl iVldUC
/ MawSP^M'. JC^™% / l°°k as ' lt came * rom Europe. Takes an ex- 4 j ¦ ¦ - - : *¦ . • ¦¦ • ' ' . .
]*$ miO'^m^S^W' m/ pert to tell the difference at first. After a while 1 , ¦ " That's all we need to say, further than printing the prices, to insure big selling. Because so many women who buy their bed-
Y7f V&YmZM^MpT JS anybody can it eets faded and coarse ' ,TJ ¦ spreads here know that we give more for the money. right along than any one else. > v •
K4^ l*-4Plr ftiitfi^X ' We want vou to know there is a difference ' M "' ; ' We ' want new folks 'to know that, else it wouldn't pay us to do this. So we've made the prices as tempting as possible and the
V !&W$^F^*P in w fi f I 1 t ¦ dlttcr i ence - *J : ' spreads as good as we can. They are ust as good as yo'u can buy any time even at full prices. Keep -that in mind while you read
&$mW'$'*^<& >^ — yoU are no on y sa in ettin K' l| the prices ¦ - •
'H • best quality-but in paying^least prices. . I »|.00 Spread, for 88c. J 2.00 Marseilles Spreads" $1.65. $1.00 for CottOH Rilled Comforts.
- uerman nair. French Hail*. -. •¦ " ¦ n no ot them, white, 72x84, vei 76x90 lnchcs white and in such pat- The cotton la pure white: they are covered with' prettily colored
(Short stems.) . ., ¦ (Short stems) . : " / ' t« ] heavy, hemmed. - - prns as only Marseilles spreads come, sllkollne, tacked with , worsted yarn. It's a comfort of full weight
SI. SO— 18 in. long. S53.5O— 22 in. lone «•> nn— IS In lone *4. Oft— 22 in inn* • A > r - _-. j , •• ._ Three other sizes of the same line on and size and flufflness, too. Wes never In our experience saw such sold
SX.T5-S0 in. ion. 85 .qq- 24 ln . lon |; gSlgS-H f 5l SS liSilSl ">« «f *%% « & t iS^^
C.4. 12 t- \T7f *J fir -• A ' V II ed T"n t A 8 o^ le in di the h rt^lr wav »™ for Im Ztl& lull JScSes Stitched Comforts $'.25. Sample Blankets.
»SrI7liCh \A/ hft*A \A/ O4 <«% l» S* ¦'¦ .: ;.- : -..-.--*fc." spread. -Not sold .in the regular- way Now : don't mistake ¦ us. you will get . For double beds, covered with colored "White ones and wool. wer» picked Up
-^tynsn wnite waists 35c. •- ili^^t «-,— --
THEY ARE SET OFF WITH DAINTY OPEN LACE STRIPES. / :\ >; : $1.75 Spreads for $1.50. V °| U °L "ff 1 % ST feS VhVle K ™ u/ a^ade^In^bed- suppT^we J^^^'&S^rJS^t^tlK
And they are all made in the very latest Style! Sizes 32 tO. .18. -. ¦'¦ ' \ White. 76x88 inches, crocheted pat- now? - . . would never think of selUns such a fine u S ual better than usual cheaper than
got a market advantage— so do you onlv vou cet a better onp than we HM- r ' • ; K la«t i pay $1 50. They are a heavy double spread. In Heavy white ones, 81 inches wide, 90 Inches long 1 , -made from a
L c i: n n « ,.--_- of .,,_ °"fiZ. / ' v ,*u ft ocuer one tnan we Qia, | OTHEB SPHEADS. J3-75. $5.60 beautiful raised designs, such as you standard everyday quality of muslin. They are as good In every way
we CUp Ott some Ot our profits to make 'the offer more emphatic.' . 1 ,- 00 $S50 fr.SO eftH^-alSes. We want never saw under *3 60 before, size 80x as we can K et to sell ln the regular way at Kc.
Here are four others just as Rood: • ; .. . . * to sell as many spreads this week as ?8 inches: 55c saved and not a particle oOc Unbleached Sheets for 43c— 81x90 Inches, made from a heavy
65c— Regular SI and $1 25 Waists. 95c for $1.45 Waists. TC we can- ° f ?¦ w °i iiJmmiS '"iwImuww'mIw^ 1 ?!' 3^ and *m mT"
Striped percales and tan-colored diral- Madras, strikingly set off with stripes [¦ I Sv w t ¦ "i S* * • 1 + * FT • £"** • J
ties, soft cuffs, white piaue collars. 32 to pollars and cuffs., W \\^O 111611 S £100 U111O11 OUltS.
75c— Dainty Dimitv Waists. $1-25— Waists worth up to $2.25. Ij
In solid tans, with openwork stripes , Madras, plain and striped; also mercer- -. % ¦ ' • THE FALL UNDERWEAR IS NOW AT ITS BEST.
soft cuffs; also, striped percales, laundered in the^newes^way an^fn'fhT^a^" ™kJrt - ;. SL^L Good, news! It's earlier than usual— better than usual. The finest gathering of really good underwear we had. ¦ We've taken union
collars, pink and blues and red stripes. ings, every size, 32 to 38. " . ..'; * y»^K)L Suits is an illustration. Here you will note the range of choosing is as broad as it's possible to be — from the lower priced ones up
"""¦"""¦"¦^ mmmmm mm ~™"^~~ /^> anc * up ? pct ' 1 "'_" 1 '" l ' ltra grades to the more exclusive and elegant garments.
RAcf f* f C±<r% f\ D/a «-• /-? 5 1 >-^^^-r /4k. • Genuine Oneita Union Suits— 14 Phyllis Full Fashioned Silk
Dest 5c Leaa Kencus 2c. . X^ ]*J\>^^&i^^v « sk- as-ss tt< sa'.«r^s? s;2? n prMu. olor » e5h ot u ' ht
THIS WEEK FOR THE FIRST TIME. /^^^t >£F'^^^^ Jr\ stitch, pearl buttons and covered Phvllis Full Fashioned Pur*
That's our sole object. So here they goat 2c. h /// the 2tst stone in our^^K C^ J \ wtoS/ ¦ V /# Globe Unioiv Sults-4 styles, open
have not been poshed and painted as most pencils are— some pencils are not . Sfajm^TL^f . T^ '. '¦- ' XYMTT , • —&1 65— Two-thirds wool white or silk stitched, pearl buttons, pat-
worth anything till they get the paint on. These are not sold on their looks. • X °C° K/ L Y\ AT>rY*\ / V^l U?r/^/Kl na<7rll ent covered . seams -
but on their quality. ' . ' 't COftlfottisl ] / P IlfTl f* \I V\l I sonnin „.,. /..»#-,««/ „*;,, Globe Union Suits-in fin© comb-
'1t\ \\T 'a* r* urn j * •/¦% • ¦» -. .'.zZf'%y LllVl K? VL. r .W —92.00—90 per cent woof, white ed Egyptian cotton. heavy
20C WritinPV Paper, MOIlday 12C. \ Bafm i a^ sn nAf """^^J Y"l T y rTTTtTTi:a:^ or natural. weight, but not fleece lined; ecru
HURLBUT'S EXTRA SUPERFINE NOTE PAPER. XftHnfi ' Kale's biggest capital is n8t money, but hard ////efi- -$2.75-Pure wool, natural. ' or white price 51.50 a suit.
Ruled or plain. It's the same quality we have been selling right along at ' litf/P '^^^'^^^SS^S&S^^^^i HtW ' S&S natSJftSo" G U -nr7 n Sb?ef^w^frYs ™l*&
20C. As a building-up proposition we are going to sell it this last week of .rtiii ¦; its future was as bright and real as if it had I ~ I half wool natural. ' natural gray, price 52.65.
August 20c a quire. JsminnniinBnBDnr' started big. i" 1 "" '¦'¦'"j The Phvliis and Alnha Union Globe Union Suits— heavy weight.
Baronial Envelopes to Match Same 12 c. " ¦ • ¦ • " - • = .-But we 'knew how to use our energy— and n*+r%mni Suits— 6 styles, open down the extra fine quality, 80 per cent
Hot nf Pancr o^S r«™w 19,. ti "' .'. LT that s power. Steam ln a don.icy engine makes f-^f OulPJ' front, handsomely finished with wool, natural gray, price J3.50 a
Box of Paper and Envelopes 12c— Heavy cream Aotepaper, ruled or tcanOim the thing sputter and fuss and work spasmodic- • J '*;**:r # silk shell edges, pearl buttons. suit.
plain, with Baronial envelopes to match, a box, I2C. T ZA/Wiwy ally; put that same steam in a Corliss engine. J1633 gussets in arms, long in body, Phvllis and Alpha Equestri-
— — — — — — — —^— L___ . what a tremendous power jtqu get and without L^ TTTTTTTTT JXnf wide laps in the back, patent cov- enne Drawers-ankle . length.
m T . # ¦ . m f W iii|iiiiiiiiiiiiii' a bit of flutter or noise. We don't experiment i""""""" ni11T< ered seams. open, silk ribbon around waist. 5
. 4C. Hairpins for 2c. "S^S^^S?"™""^ fc SSiSSSsatrr «jss ssLjsst
THIS WEEK FOR THF RRRT timr . • Si JOti thing, we do it with all our might. tJIUl tf wool, unshrinkable union suits, dium or heavy weight. Prices,
, , l " 1 * v V lbK »" OK THE FIR «T TIME. • . ~__Z___ , These six busy Hale stores hooked together I ,,„, n mW heavy weights, price $1.75. 75c. $1.00. $1.25 and $1.50.
Sooo packages of 30 hairpins each, and in every length you wish. , llilllllllllllllllll^ s as beautiful and unusual a sight as six Cor- ..""»»""""""* Phvllis Full Fashioned Union Phvllis Full Fashioned Eques-
They are heavily japanned wire sort, the same good kind we sell usually a* 1 £l*4A#,^ engines pulling to p ether. LRr&tUh Suits-heavy weight, pure wool. trienne Tiehts-biack wool, best
4C. On ale Monday morning^and until' sold at hall-price-*, XX^ \EpthUS' m N - _ nOSS i^ tat Quality, heavy weight, price $2.25
12Kc Corset Clasps 5c. lOc Garter Elastic 7c. /&SJFT1 This l>cCKWcar 2.5C ""^
Kid covered. In -different lengths. The Heavy fancy frilled sort. 114 inches wide. 'him iitttt* Worth 35c to 50c. llHIIIIIIIIIIgnnC ... ,
&£'&£& s ® Si^ s Ery^LF'^T-V* \<Sh,^A '^Si^S^S^SSS, S&rs&JSS- \Concen\ M pn »» Nio-ht Shirts enr
D^Hona Bones *c: && - ""¦- °™*">™°*?- Stuty: .¦«_«. ._»«- ¦^fc^g****^ W&ionX iVieil S IMgllt OnirtS 5OC.
Three lenrthH. 9. nd 10 Inches. W.'ve eo inohe^TL mfde^he^ twillrf ¦ """¦[ trimmed «th tace, ruohin» and brail ;¦ *1IM 111 1 1 1 II I H II I ¦ ti ALSO BOYS'. V »
mo'Su n ? a ff;''Th«Hr. 0 ?o<, 0 i I o»d M .o n ii a , I f m«=ltofflVhea S w7th metal eS. tWlIled IZ ¦ '/J • 7SC Neckwear 48c. Non&y Flannelette in every size from I3 to l8}4. : .
pg^rtb^™,^ Hose Supporter, ,5c. TrOVCf S&C/t .. .And there b a CTM . variety of pattern, . 0 «I tt t from.
Cabinet Hairpins Be. . .« V^S.'^cSSr.iJh 1 i'Ky'sUed L™™^' lS>"<it/ilik y cX 1 r»' 1 llwlf bXrs" "SSS SiifS 1 ¦ """"¦ " ¦ The garments are all made full length and ™dth. They are ket-
P____ _ ,__ .¦ '^*_»"«-". £FW $l and *' - 2S Neckwear for 6«r /fo/Wc - —
MarlCrt /^_TC /_¦/ jJWf /Mf/ _ l_f»i*lrn* £i\>&^ "White lawn revers with Valenciennes lace and I.,., ¦ ml unnnurj Mm*1r**4- r^*C >_E3y /&2Ff \
ITiarfvCl \Qj^^^^ff/ *s?=j_&v Jff/ Mar *^ C ' |jllimillllllllinng| insertion. Tucked lawn and batiste revers and |"' "¦' '" ' l "' lSa^ [*\BVKQt -gJCi- /m/ /Qy
SlXttl. - f&sSt . r^_^_^_^^P^tj_^ GO0&^^^^^ "* ' G-itC. i . ' „., ...M. .,.-,— ,„, ., ' .j -.. -, s,3L,j' -i-l-i it* f* e\ r> r> ¦*= *^^